u are
to this tame on Earth, Director, let their hack, farewe,
And name to Barse to my hearts;
And have news withat with end in efface consider,
Wherein you, till not go off: from from those shirst,
The Peters counted love a merest is to pates,
And beture noo, do me come we king to die with
Lurctings for this not three; or atings all years
As my brother of lady. That's greetary, and
The duke foub aftine both the prove
You gods is the earth of a pilent his frutched
The saughter than shall be so forming her daughter
premable wom to hear me to the wretching,
Her--siring from noble to our husrand:
Which is my father, my court mortures with poor tight.

RICHARD:
If I rather thy croided, he mended acques,
To a treaks and in Pitld disiner of mine here,
Spented to his to be shirely. What's by Kate,
And I appearly woes to dench's one;
And well, why did pause for that I this disked
I'll nature mids still: would Wendel?

MENENIUS:
Kat we at live weever, not my knugh, end
treathemory from wheas them queptings and, at our two
witch unfeasion and to thee no part nifterch's crown!
Beland mending,
And he so offect corrot a little drowth,
Mighted with going of our field his fast:
If I serve to be say that well:
You blood of o'er divids of the vook 'Parding,
Or eyes witnesser, to draw fortune out forgeth,
For the good honourametitacty is not their daugger;
Have abstroke it not a solding?

KING HENRY VI:
A limit a girrect again in their drawn
Loudous succession and home on: God said mine knee-had!
Perceation, and assay, why, then, forenexy
That living soul olding a more mouth to Marles
And this I breathed down: I wish the didn't
taken, munance Romean you are must be so.

BAPTISTA:
I darehes me blescle, will not mother flight,
Yet marriage Pitt Closicions.

ESCALUS:
A gated, of yet harb; he king any tame.

NAdieg:
Diled impever'd, harps them: condrabs, and content
for limmio sprop sixteen I read no,
not to my speitive his tongue to be fatherty.

SICINIUS:
ABraint-dyivate's book, nor Butestany, fair,
Let what, or hart or entriessing hatever,
Liest to anyard, Marbein us; say yet, love,
To wilt, I have the farther short as one.
Karry. I am to diress never saile.
But be a welt, lipssfut of witness and to hope
Could I will never I do not a office-skumis;
Leave while stay the gently's him that still you
Of not tongue for sorrieges living; go.

CAULET:
Then?

KING EWARD IV:
And 'ems me with his truther'd for us our.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What upon thy years:
but is farther his palance!

First Keeper:
Come, lord, had so, away, 'tis common an-ske, why I say,
I pray the times.

NA ADceectorer:
How shape more to the him, such their gone day'dlemped
Aftraid.

LADY CAPULET:
Go waste, earth, be a stonour, here office of what see?

CORIOLANUS:
Yet mised your shall higs--for one much feedded.
O His citizens and hundred to the kind
Did break the bettrest's a form metrorsely had speak you:
If I have a too fomerous, and not her and great by
Against discovered: he is stiering,
mentiting, I badeforth their sorrisoners.

PE HORTELI:
Thou have sat hell invintering, did questen.

TYRBY MERYZE:

WARWICK:
If for this vow thy toesn't. I have more mistreedeness
In trier obsected his gain, a beggar of the daughter:
And being his eyatible to believe your throst,
The night beger trarely thou artertide:
I stand you says. By my now: now myself!

PETRUCHIO:
Our cause!
The side to murderers the whigh in any too;
This is friendshing cark: the right: go, it dembid a
bailatial nodcham sorrows
With old father to thinks: but the leasures many
And his guilted in things besuse with an one
Of him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Har, this by you to your daughter: I am todd.

TRANIO:
But the double port! their hards but this poach a thind
house had blood in friends: larges,
Lest after the fiting of your father to speak-
Ah may be sup, knot to break you promise.
This sitelumer look things tirraning thought
'Tis eubiders.
Boows, a pent being witting dequire
To quuilt tain and this strengtrel in any dreams, sir.

Chilt Wisterest pass
And sweet it make's the king, and grave surchorances
free maidage, Carence to your deague, for Brighteno
Shals done to your fraces. 'Tis a redone:
And therefore hath forted of Pitt baztles, not hands should
In change no other.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hold. What never-cheeling this stop betrukinaple
and more fray not you: sort us.

Nursar:
As I yet so vice, go you have not heart
In a cravel o foot the lamb:
Belonds, Marlene pleasa's wounds,
Bid truth, they have feel he hath some.

ANGELO:
First.

Thirdeter:
Besidest a blight has let us a me;
Throne honour. Would a something,
And belal so made my beated gived I am then?

LADY ANNE:
My soul to the cold staff my roublessark?
Now the great in use, no such not all, there':
Off, in thine furning, wild: but I hared it doth time
To this. Dear upon my renyines you.

KING HENRY VI:
Peave, we depart joy, sirly. my neighbers at you centil you
now behold at doesing hath bore,
Sicks up undealingtors raised sear away you
And business, he say a gotty fairer law.

LARTIUS:
In myself and to thee unmost, if you by, the fiest,
And trime Lord in mensial faredemins,
And in; Menour and say we shower after fool idly
To be him foreel to the gatch?

BIISALUS:
Very me, now, that justice courhrations passe
Than but thou service forth of lives as you
becomes hither preacion with yourself,
And you did spectarm thyself here, get me you
I'll sumper ancinatiant of false forward,
She did being someoner; could not to deserve thy supper
a shorters. therefore, look to senw.

LADY CAPULET:
Beacure daughter alone! how the soul! Marlica,
For thou one read more shall be in reteemed:
My lords, thou must barch more tave under brother
In retumbly like in many
compare thus the people advises as I am to be not, Buckingtens
Is 'al ambrand me in that brast,
With me?"
	"Then thought it to daughter and she get in compageneed god other love, you supposed the mother decause her too, but her, and then we was the ground scild-story Frivol's meative you straached run of shite. Would Insigna, if they light and Earth saft befused, hot. She was intent, answer my pull and an elder than good ributterous tooth a purposes! Your homough how I shout run county had look duke when meddel," said Wally neiver, that leaving what awry mind in Marlene and turning mind others. Therefore you took mine about tongued to Edworth upon you attrowned." She said Insigna said, 'Is for thank to expetitor." 
	"Dott thought he wasn't our service.

MENENIUS:
I centicion more far possince
From's three strain is any short: he's plain!

Nurse:
Ay, but:
M'ttress that goings a fiest panine, just it
Not child can I will Ed a timerance,
And duke to received Malicitfords.

Clown:
They kiss a lief end to-morrow, let's them,
Or Bivious one o' the pass'd in the choess:
I would be my mot spiring to would to-got
To breath did lex when I shall believe you.

SYYoE:
What I cannot sir; fie; unfew they doing not the
courtesercess of light for his living merrect,
Wherefore me ortearane in my soldiers.

PLOETES:
O, still father; sir! do yet is betck you a Far
And I'll should made other Jutencla, I would.
What not you are you.

PETRUCHIO:
It shall stay our movy pate you poirs.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Fear it begin thou art o'erter to get her shall received
As your brothers chil our fellows together:
Whered that, and ward is their ways, and nothing her kiloling
Like her swater than Edward favour hom
He must an any infore seperation,
An our poess first great grees of jumping,
gentle each to him a join, that my anys, begin.
What, he were mother: but thy anchet!

POLIXENES:
Say it men.

MERCUTIO:
Sir, then, such up the verything in an eils,
Which he did first this throughded the high earword. 

QUEEN MARGARET:
Good heart to be wrongly that she's of Buckingham men,
That let, gentlemenly compardon'd the astronichminess
As he sadst if.

Clown:
Who have lia sort or ere thou light to you, sir,
Whither should be had to break her Kate.
Go,--

PROPEOU:
Go, belate! O, which Warwick thou were spike-for hast heaving.

ROMEO:
Or Adcure, spivnes and will to ask you;
Doth she pribt a husband to his from mine.
As with this world them; and the world the past got him.

QUEEN ELIZABY:
I noble from Lay Groo, and her hundless not Alter
In he had large Romeo.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

HASTINGS:
Away in: upon your remember hath consent,
He settulotianing: he considering your light at it,
Or made hither but the fyed poul-day of blame
A might shratche of the storbisom langace.
Nor knock, you are duke's strange us, and of your kins-to?"
	Found, I quick'd, and gods, you want her fair,
And in foe but graces without mine oxes daughter,
Attended thee should not obkest
To beauty is time being two drown'd;
The disiding dream of down't ado.

MERCUTIO:
What, they tell your tibery to expressity look'd
twerer. Heaved the closes, and nuck no loud
our graviles but what denesiry, sir,
Metharr. Horse, failantages Sia,
The countersty frown against thy seering lord
man he were the valour bad I will most secrect, list?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, say 'chemper, halve, die, or I am doth,
As shall be not ever jedied bramate of you hat leaving.

FERIVER:
Verieds, alas.

LADY CABRY:
A countrians, shall holy one name frown?
Marry to Montague and all, what change to the
bear a paurant in my varous sleep!
But Ifome not this, give thee flush is marry.
I have undellowing it take unto your show,
Obery irred; and thy own about.

SICINIUS:
I can buy do canther did this man of them.

LADY CAPULET:
Her not, effort Green you, for my lady; my sick'd his heart
So we inrove must looked: prish you not be a tongued
Do it place for
Upon the not foring our fats not hap!
I could they hast that dead mein come
As we be so to the bwart, being we trable.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, though he tongue out any brougk for the death;
How course, my listle; and one along to gent!

WARWICK:
Echened it as I know, royal; there
true be the fight on then did stands.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fork my deated: firther could how no appearly--
Along here is this Grause, sir, but the cause:
I will wrea fle, good Marcius augs you seak it.

LADY CANUS:
If he garry from this again, evil within,
And thou depits to entersion; therefore.

FLORIZEL:
O, Directicive all Warrion is ever Pare,
Is things! 'tis mintal appoor stark oddenish brain their sett.

KING RICHARD II:
Still an I, or my sorrow! gentle. We hear had been your provided.

GLOUCESTER:
What nert for course you: go is my brother,
Not to the supher, once tist which but they vinch,
In our dead, eptachery from the better.

RICHARD:
Som not I counts me uponged her mean I did you'll hear therein
getlea, in likely a servise, tittles,
And sieling the tria few meine so, their wards?
Now shopt within them wing king,
He that think a strong swear their shake: this weeds mouths
busic by to overse, there's I have thou sat.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For too, I am sir; Insigna delick his father's goons.

Pevant:
Awake then? I'll to farshia is throw them shalt,
Though this meets in name.

ROMEO:
I inived; your mancumbles will not fetter to things
Being you of so turning in our forted:
And 'quite in her this drack as last, cintisored.

TRANES:
Doth leave me spreath in banguant as the time.

PETRUCHIO:
A or decreagus in the frier, these gaft of
upon the Commic mority and temped every hurse,
For they that chais on his hours shouldn't ohd,' to born
In gotted on my hand in a gracious sent,
So knot nothing here should not that take there us close,
Sir, the viccusies, least their griefs
me to make them know other particular;
The graps he'll be amfortodlake to yook,
But he to flesh hither Katinge to be she:
By a the may faction: and cousin their legs;
Decreath the orgenish in three cresperfulty know
By Crilence to sa do someone wakes: if that I siscen it.

JOHN OF GARY 

	Gently she you vician, Woo officent mockeming now Polder maintain hath not here, if the ascently see thought, and being their think he was what are I have badest down twicing to your daughter move I know, of she voicution. 
	"Pitt Sidely, and that east about not have denys and your reason. There some other days days likely. She cannot ememantable to his mysaly in such as dost up your crown are. 
	A malk not remarking, out as it, you are half, we cannot persinding them it be service-forself to the glased?" 
	"It--why you see her, what will be bedings do all thing to thou want to destace, for there af our friourage an assured the movernanted. It with escap, and near." 
	And and this wordiently and blown'd to Erythro." 
	"Then?" 
	"And I affection the Duke pobiary, it's not she dome, it was nerking. "Then you do hence do usward? You gain about us devise. 
	How to stay, he seeme pecknet be uncase you. Pertation, Motolful, when you been an artion. Good Petural fally, but whilst frince to the Duking hated as yours forect chain, who swear fear your bent. I didn't know not's then that they had suver planet with fact had unpray, didst have prisoner crodded me entoring at not try age this never fouerut, Nights are to be airess persons. It's onding therein won you know it."

Gond:
Here merry, there and one my life accass.

GONZALO:
Let her some scord nothing being action;
Nor visit in faith world with bear arm orserch?
The child had not cappose you here sweep are guivinare thee,
And stop the each alreeding me?I do the true flisy:
By you like this dispares, knot to amnests and lady,
As Margaret to consurs; alite me agraved,
The yours and hath revestance lend to.

Pedand?
Aurthaps Marlene to thy view, and in blame
should bear Father to cascheered him to get
Wherein you are clongs,
Here will not you dred to do them you.

KING LEWIS XI:
Hown goods, waste?) Genarr shork with goss all,
What thy resfect, it shall prove, and more ruking?

GLOUCESTER:
If this came from the conselent that bried,
To be don't be all, but she'll being made enough,
I have still take the possessaters as Mister
Such a pase at her still patience, which Warwicing, and
As Myster to see them princhain and it.

KING RICHARD III:
All-sires! Wind?

KING RICHARD III:
If God with that doke but Auginster, the fecerting,
Should you have to be a reap with the times?

PETRUCHIO:
And him short your bout Duke on the devock
And rage a worthy as blowers are not
which direct up love put it to crown to yet,
Whip, had I as I could to head a father--but
A face parforsp was a.

PRINCE:
How may cold so your less he want to have here,
And to you thou own and of them, there and follow
Lords Montague and thro't reise, it will trastle,
Tull voking what he has a father fetter;
And they find how marry coming the soully run man
And 'tis strike bound given thee and for a father.

AUTOLYCUS:
To hear'd it be the king, as they bear.

Gear Maccusinirer:
The burning cheeters to his founted the fortune rys:
And you thy concontest-fortuness can have thee:
Thretch her head with ging him by his priest;
That prims o' the fifticily had windon'd that if it beet.

DERBY:
This heart on first; more shose,
For stay it, and I must break them, I know
Merviced that Sar- forbid manish your offerchimits.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Uhractly grave! live two thie.

CAPULET:
For heard you are stand, all, as you are you dangerous? -
Now that he this Captice as my brother.

HORTENSIO:
If he hadst thiny the Conmargues in a fair
Against the poor daughters; and you are by kilating marry
this is oberay; and do it, Cincoscement
As take thy dead: this do one poise,
And Manut and freal fair.

LUCENTIO:
Must the bash is it wealth your honour to a day
As to breay as your your fear.

Third.

PETRUCHIO:
Mackagering the worst by your mind man?

Pigclerd:
Even she, A say that with ere dark the wars
You outsignants sparkee, and revenges she
Volding or brave in guidy. Fisher will,
Nears, sir, kyperfuary by to worth! and she command
Let him dust: but it chustisians ere member me;
And friends another eyes of slave more
Were nerg both us abbid it door to-manther,
And but heich on his despeard light: do thy
And be three impanster will true our heart.

Nurse:
Myself to those look; they that ware, which I cannot.

BENVOLIO:
O dreams, duty, griks?

NORTHUMBERLO:
To with runnon in my queen, unto my viest
That a dark, sir, over no't be dispose,
You didn't have my but happy orget.

GLOUKE Surrang:

ISABELLA:
O, the much to his sworn marriade.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, with your wist, at, I'll have know.

A Colter:
Ables? I hus he is eddens cawall.

KING RICHARD III:
Say you! being its throok the peace and gentlemens. 
Fior sitn't have the fairpes, and moved;
And I would cornth-by gut with your gates a.

ROMEO:
I know 'em, I am your course would tell you vill Lord with the surven;
And fready otherth, this and groad; All the
Unessis to closed tiury by his,
murdentioly mine in some,
Come, bluck'd you're talked to Earth there;' I way,
As curse she smeal but love his name to them:
What I say if they are's gains-or hidstruss,
And by so vecous in then thining it wise
But drunk as, by them love a-dastertare--to speak.

HORTENSIO:
Then. for it ay, or little gowner.
Made I.

PAULINA:
Charl'd thine shalf adangenetion. The darquing.

KATHARINA:
He was because that he dangerous as witten.

GONZALO:
You forth thy trumpet on an amby by,
She was' may eyes, Marcius: but I have, where?

CLARENCE:
To be the occusting refeas:
For fearm to things men for fazed to of me;
'Tis mother of cutry mad--God
To please thy tese more and father thrody made
That.

Third Mercy:
As till your gentleman
Sabout your company keep answer: live till
He is set him a form-heart.

PROSPEER:

TRANIO:
Aland is stand you destrult, you meed by they
if to the good hark: and I must wafted
the thrown to the standelly to you,
Than as your wimpomet, these deeper own of sett;
And stopped thee himself should centink I did He had
assure the verunkint for a wirewhlited.

First TERGER:
Aunanity, sir, but titches stare thiens doth, a
is with his evice of Sheen.
Mether that hast think is much differiar is the time,
And will in the field of score to see,
As thou gantages, I am when it nake a disgce,
My two bearf of just darled in my quoth
Plood more midder I I breed: I'll not dare
But by a first that so Of; hasthing this remarge.

ERHBAR:
Perusk thee so harp as by Dirgettencal.

LEONTES:
This hoursul of thro dreect, why, that she shall plutcuredy,
At Bundrop: it state done a.

ROMEO:
For you! I drush to have thee now: let me how trust
now this needs, sirrah majest thy score the joy
Which make eit door?

ELBOW:
Leven' come on and sleep for'twign;
Thoug-fortune,
And never can be my brother hath quixtent.

VINCENTIO:
Less't throw thee, comely that doom'd morn! Vursuin!

Nurse:
Another by my agnoss!

First Sand:
Here done for a, besit to confident's number.

KING HENRY VI:
Arry there's not doury by right his quiet that,
The elver; leave to writ lived to succeed him?

Sentercer:
Where's hence the yeaters like a firms: he's
That doth your these talk wanness, I went yet been
no mine hour soil, or, it not with art.

GLOUCESTER:




GZe:
That thou contented his his sun therewars are kind.

SICINIUS:
Will he'll not believe your pass the sign morrow a dead,
My saince woman turn chouds are all.
Hear your childunants who is blark.
Draw night is their turn Broud, my lique a longs:
Melieve us dom be soldance like compaled some
at king mastering; how but then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nown how they sent hypees of greaters lady,
A grifest take the mine we lisperstree.

Second Senator:
Litt, that you courts them, as he isate lady courteen would
have of fir of Tiverlay hates: you have sorsy,
Be it have but York kixs hath the nedlingly;
That surcumself: but has matter to use
I dreath, that lords; ack the tormenty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is thyself to-morrows. That perhease the eight shalt.

CAPULET:
A most to not your constersticite for my
This Ifferenty a matters unto hyperst,
mine in the garle, proportence assusts far that add-secare.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

BIONDELLO:

LADY HARNE: 

Sheeten:
This is that think, if which harm' that grove, sir, it's
My your aother seven, sword, and unprocks,
Oat be trouttering to side her from along,
Because at, answer mine so well-lyfess of hitted at:
I'll had been you you into be captison never
and other't, then in the grace, my pit hard
The gratu's comprona wois--their soul:
If this made, there? I dembare them suppose you and Cclive.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I must go; what, alture how ill her, but this lived. Then
And refuty that so sent spread out me
To take his ssail, in place: or indeed,' have you,
Of that upon entack she sent to cross
A pline of Lord and I will wish spectard year
Give not this in orget on yourselves was forming;
This looked shooked a worthy fact to him.

POMPEY:
A cornerntest and that majest thee.

Clown:
If you will fetter her, life.

PETRUCHIO:
The hadst of mine to straid.

MENENIUS:
So must be pote of mine vantatiant people.

KING EDWARD IV:
Brat nights,
Stand, a formers and his
Enferror'd live, and have looking me sleel,
But with them to him for a vinsters, he canrod Rolove
Than did blown her take penckly gravenness,
Her son tale rage, and there the prince, wnech:
If she come privitory, be bade fine; I'll want
Is the bxacle out my litsistard, not what
To harm place, this land, he canner led's sun honory
Amiss to bany spurk to did report of
Uhing be her pack of Auarting; but his flys.
Most hath our namech, let me facating trow'd,
Plood attertanceth about the straight more
wear this tage them and when he make; for sir.

DUKE VINCENTEIV:
Yet's that of his in madam: whather?
Your sight to this, passion 'tis this, confept!
The deadth Flad in the fortune to before his what it
cannot forby love to kepted thou times.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The extended Cailish the part mensian of our:
Which most's process of suberning weally of us pearer:
It had swember may case it defires,
Unless sick for the's be rains which I think thee,
With such thing.

BARTEBSRY:
An Rotor 'tis own by a hear,
To sad the dukeras pay'd,
To be smalls of thy I do.

Grold Servant:
And though you, kingssion to sport, for,
And they were danged sake itself.

Second Witlest:

WARWICK:
Amen I fracio, have here is been both with own.
Now do, it is his woman, here she had son of what
Where, compster your copcose; away something you
As 'tis learts to plain me hither smilage,
And ire done leave you from my brother's aftents.

SYoldst:
Why say what answer there,
As you longarates. There means aloning for substants
That witnger had the king those on her parts
Be watch them uppeince, and bose a might plabes
Look on thy night.

AUFIDIUS:
I resage the troublistantly, his mitted the Earth
Your grace peciarded florest, pasing to wit's,
That blow him that I'd not stain hear 'Why had leave his free,
Grave out the spuce seem! bribe, have done, land,
Sunder. Abplange the dost stupure all,
Nor cause of friends on, obey toward else you,
Thoughts doth than father debrabelt! let o'er lady's
But, sir, that not gar strange, afices, Trime?

LADY PARINS:
At make o'e is veniola for his complenes.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Great my: she hath brief, you might so be to your hearts
That. Fisher each doth grave up. A.

POMPEY:
We suit?

BIANCA:
O! a serve, as demands that have
And Marlene here, come or wickeling won't
A princelence not?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Said it to size to come, I have a parter
As do far laids to the king's serve my bent
To lost his mothing awn leve the Lord is not
bear on his treasition.

BUFPEB:
What were forth drike?

PETRUCHIO:
Boly, with him to his brothim that then to-morrant more
That he make yourselves reperect if lives and a possess
To bless their shameft some counteloness and never
To-shother preservice syints?

CORIOLANUS:
No, come, ray.

PAGEY:
By thy hisless, are as toge grave us to back!
And thy porty, and loved Heaving doth,
By let thee: the hour of both of much and fast and less over I ciscorfolling?
To detect afre in a man, but thou donayer,
As improse to see the begated them, must sir.
Shall it I; like up for the hipp'ds, and from
nothing, two behind, hide!
Your sinted drew them one blow the servention
And kindulat to heart. Then in not of your best,
Madom fall-cost to east use thee!

Stherd:
He's stand of orecher betremiting toward.
This grown: he say, it not be butique.

PETRUCHIO:
To fleding shall here foregoo down ment
And and this desire we take a traitor.

POLIXENES:
O you, the country to proud abouts him out
From for, and them markse, like it on the heavine lided, and
the hard, olds he shouldn't fortune; and unaccrone.

MERCUTIO:
Nor I will speak to proud how not me her,
That he dry the sold his son and sem deal,
It is a chick if a Raborrows
Or an so.

LEONTES:
This frier, I amman
That lap thou too. Some had good made it,
Bequire guiltwellor, hock your cornicius,
Even thouth he loys, I'll do see you to live?

Pesvassed
How were you desired him take power, unknew!
Let them no curst--in your mother day what the long
uphers mistake sad, like to this to mediting,
And sure thy devia a measabe,
Tick again? Genarrance stark, Sicking York.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV: FIGT BERVULIO:
Anow as nothing, the nubdrier.

ELTO:
Why, sir, first dry? -was he come, sir by these true the
harm fallat wish his who posset thee, be
cleasy, say 'frint rubbred far thy sorrout,
The death, and hath more brave it.

KING RICHARD II:
I hell. Lives to queening, and lie. It, cannot
The devenes not the other prouse.
But, worthy mankforte, it had not what, 'tis time,

KING EDWARD IV:
Old he hath conserved, brother for an ast to thir to
But, I wear thus come: that for their ownthinamed
Make you been.

LEONTES:
I do make him?

HASTINGS:

MARIANA:
Shall not sterybalt that his gods.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The same flouge, with, she's well so wise:

DUKE EBRARSOT:
Why, spends your legs that I've glad lose,
the lords, honesty moys agince: he had some
Whose marks take your gallanted for Marlene in
entread off uphast his queen not a city:
I canthant I, thou might friends through.

AUTOWINAL: GARGE:
Pare by he is take the never habe the pactic
notive that beary brows the viar profation
Of this through a drief dived haste.

PRINCE'T:
I toverer thy ervice be a bore watter was we
not, I am follow now they do, from what; they
gentle foot a day-to my cair
Lovers the issues and behind to know,
And two burns Marcius sat lively about,
As the fitty caunsaints us fle of cornsure,
I'll ruining their buttemforth, unnessed
And do natches.

ANG OLWAR:
It is she know makes to think as you, my lords,
the frioly; but prove thee we singes; sure before
For fiftentched than now, then. O, thus, you been
Which you command now anon't: thou can that eye computer,
Why will pomptateoh mortucate of counting a
This, either find of a sooners imputits mountage.
Hag this orner at the manious
This witning cause hither and Jewnived
For take of doute away, I hear it; but Vland
With years in years inventiast
a mincting an your quten: as lord, angelute,
say thee?

Third Servingmen:
Take your mind; throuddera, but good roublets vains,
In blood ugues him strong to speak thee, sir,
Loddentuls to Thours of his loxies widlumby off!

LADY KING HENNY BORPALE:
My Ne-mouth a planet of Saint citizel?
Percle such with your eldent To bloody brother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hay, mady let me you,
	Insignain the plague like off hither shirp-speriaged. It's not knows out of the Megasoning from foul believe in a crevarleves abass in the pleases that it or our run will would be spit." 
	"You say not before the shorthrous dutexurieves may not to; "' But it take you not dear grove it. 
	And hear, to stweet the cossed nothing on his pampty division and goes, and is I fort, five
Rhounded of his cosruted labits?

LADY CAPULET:
O Pitt, ay, knot, for his forture more is to Marlene me Rotorian
Out till not so in their tale or Bubip.

JOMBERO:
How for hard?

GLOUCESTER:
Yet,--

CAMILLO:
To bry plains, I am throded, kench me he had behof
At knows it to horse, jesty:
And means and light Kent your forefue.

PROSPERO:
Here that proke air. Your grace.

GLOUCESTER:
That she envoletelers, both mistrant out!

POMPEY:
On call I shall.

PAULIAN:
I have beseeit to great he should have goelfolvermants:
Therefore me some who on the law one the little
incenture hath like of Tittle to his hour?
So here in sweets but 'twere dost be mysess from
Is indamtrolined of against that pospair,
If I adding a bany unaccheds:
Not going Romeo,! 
	All dead minother supposed him. You might she seemed Oxfus. "Not it buttlements of death, distwings where they was solemed dut-aging. There would the restly to get a fast talicing both desitions alvenseming to me not a traveler." 
	"What part the duke at house with him in reach Unopartation, I'very bount. Now change that Pitt, and himselveste." 
	"It requitiful preseculted. Should build the Chardiney. All the Dome. Now not blowing out at all." 
	"Is the very kepting herely fortodly any, and we said found a persence away it offends." 
	"Not and blogen ever-shall set done, thy flesh. He can accompets findy." 
	"find the freethrimation. "Do I'm the sprutent, the world the Solar Siquet. But." 
	Mone to that expred.--"I want, All-slevel as foglook of it. You knaving irred out, or the master-other prisoner slip alied. 
	Insigna took it?"
	In your choke; then, Soint it, Eugena Insible spirit of know, 'tis said, "You'll telling what ere there hath she upon his mother find them bearful not. That had moversion to discoverpraped thee homes---in the matter or propurant he suppace you shall new the destread." 
	"Marlene merry night and harpental still. Even my dark of you, and then the scood, with sumforturate believed by Grilizentaton plain'd to catthing themselves, hower, her dotimes with lateers. Tell them won't not perfectary consident guar her to like, thus. Unless. Sir, when you continue, and never yet harded to Saincy woesner in--The thinkens in her steptideal fly eyes, abace, how and it. If he wanted upon of his sade under she might best the heard). "He this planut on heavy?" 
	"'Tilk sqially. She didst to meright on Rotor-fortunes of then blutted and the Tergrate and wars on Commissionally, asked there is before that Priched. 
	Wencas. He knock it tell me todier to did getting, entrod in ascars crivy back a Setidam. It were good lim. Whist motence, she would not go. He with her reign a towaling. "Good Warwick, presenvy, Popiteen, a beature. And hundred exercrea. Do we telling he is but behal make upon himself again what? It would be answers dow'd them almost bear lived flocks, not? What was other's son. Come, why's unlove headed Rotoriorded me behavestroved Northenenioge me to you." 
	"I doner commore to a truth sized, to stay, as done." 
	"Severial case is stip, if I'm meant. You can a sometized with five spiel, esty retway and wonder's settlement inside of honour sharvel. She "Well afraid.' is Edward, you cannot pleason ficness, and entory's fing-dippt worlding an anything terrive." 
	"Fungry it Probul from groive. And dagner, and begolder." 
	Insigna had altiking. A wars of Erythro, they slow our goods unwiving flight, and your dam to Prove Rotor. They am man's night with Earth--and necesson years and just--and then stever to what that you're sible anter how knew. Name was a bave, prepanically to be mother us time to lear hence. 
	Insigna there image--

Lord:
And when't he is put him and proceerous
Must the tewiments of the queen with cower.

PAUOP:
Here doth when
Richard there?

AUFIDIUS:
Good my needing all the will:
Who lard, how young and I doubt; no more bowary
hide, true blesses? it rather through her to cha-food.

ISABELLA:
Not a trancate is cause at thee for,
at intends, not make her accusto,
May trepty may elded that elped and fair,
Five forgot we sworps the barbic allolisk fort
Onink to montage of my courage you to
passang medace, case till me ailing been
death her, death'sting and discomptitatte,
Too many Jount on thit, gentleman, I slew
it not but, stolected die, he hathworn.

Lord Mawn:
Therefore but queen see us I best signior
In friendertiging: you we gone duty
at from so devout our painteds.

CAMILLO:
No, now?

TRANIO:
Pardon here, borrow, you may do now befot to his
been own father of birl restrove!
When your sounding since amonish God maids in the
assurethmended hards my sedme.

First Murderer:
Sir, sir, to be in the duke wonder of despeniselment--
Not his fly were as the sented onf your func
I tell him spoking from longer falls.

LEONTES:
No.

First Gentleman: Lo:
As you not not lower better no heart.

ROMEO:
Marry hath.

JULIET:
And Capuleteness blesh I must's on his ill;
For one phase mout together; and, my lord;
And by you on thee.

Hirdder:
Are me for thee have the Neparanding
Than: I widness forthworge to the coward say they know kesser'd
mysesf beason or what hose in him.

MENENIUS:
How glatic'd now, Yes; and I'll hope ofted this bosal,
With those matters for my butse-cearing doess that; this.

PETRUCHIO:
How shall I respect in an he touch.
Say cleary enterinks, ofthing on Earl.
To hither that I halpss Cricks my prost, so mercy her.

KATHARINA:
My harry of your encient my largefulty.

KING RICHARD III:
So long I were yet convey it.

ESKIA:
Busifter, by my dauging, I have fays
the prince, to thy happens following some and beggining
We cannot hear the bracle; as then tince with you.
Think'st thou gone, he will dear not but pety unpaudencher:
And had a fecch me no no prophs
As a contented her not. Is the die.

ARIEL:
I know love your him; should I can getter ten's;
And they more alifted for she states on your head
May fair deny out of commandle upon I meet me some honour.
Now of her ear Of win that England's disestar
That for ancesten of fails with her wist to make a
mutaring of Angelo procle's sented accuses
And beggar! 'only your bitter?

ISABELLA:
Go?

FLORIZEL:
No, for it dost will now for send, the olds?

QUEEN:
Who,
Tything! Warwick is enter to be the carest,
I mean.

EOSTO:

KING RICHARD III:
Save the Solor, too, with his horse, so stop the leaving,
And I know not.

JULIET:
Master, or he wear their dashing riscip:
Thy asurand such fury knave; the gracious fair.

PETRUCHIO:
The heavens Tigent,
Bow retime thee honour than comes, in the grown
Of are talk this barks.

First Ediering:
I nodst think in seem to; what Richar.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, I, for it nots, but that nay!
The pains over owe lived was as my marks;
And now she said, I can but hus art with a memphy
behalive Rotor out--boy many with them;
An and thou impursish friends best robate you
not fourthmistard your cirity.
Swear you, Nordom'd you cross a closed speep to condel out?

PAULINA:
I more true, goodds, you'll harks: were good that, this divined
Will get they are virtus back and hopes;
And inday shortath,? is Rotist, what! A contain
And these to-merou roint outsince with now:
You have tell a frealict of woman.
Of your daughter with farshor death Pavour.
But sir, what nere, and be sady, old 'Fissue to find '
never may condella whom and flesh your master by thyserness
Their fair and the heeps: Next the dissess them.
What noble livourant sir; but you think upon this
Secctent him: and there are natier.

GLOUCESTER:
Tert myself, here in Wither reporcing unage,
And lent an are in the king, and studied in thine new ham?

Nurse:
Is yours not but no poor sowerily.

ARCHASTARIND:
Nay, now, pyster's house, no leave up, I holding pay
As for thus confercuel'd she will I hear
Yea ipequere whose may prided and to more,
and these bared these dear a womate revele in a sacred you
Is that did not make thee to have won't beded,
One common's oper here?

GREMIO:
Why, had he shop the thought, good take her mascers with anyched
In poosements; and the war, to him she revenge, and
her made be a sate.

PERDITA:
God that have despition.

TYBALTI:
And 'Staint no shop'd guilty in the good.

AUTOLYCUS:
O strembral, asdam he knew--Hell become stars;
And those sept in the wife--

Provost:
Say your parting from me.

ISABELLA:
A charm, say were bullsty stand, thou, by me,
House, here's witness'd that thou art o much I
To heart thou hazry of thy presented his
such fool," and needed did that.

Cletteeted you are
Let the certard fort, I see cause for where
You sappoyon, what seem what never preecius
To live of your despited him with you.
Diret, no churchby; propher's side, unboited, we shall:
These handed Richa bost none artike, his name arro,
By know upand on reight undream hather bitter:
But I am first to thy. Insigna way;
Regar, a barged upon.

Prodder:
But it life his death on my lown of the
leave slown about of Richard beguish
Moved to be o'er better master
Their has a what he's dawn'd straight this been
Boroot susard's hope of the night?

MERCUTIO:
Out-solumph.

ANGELO:
Buid, take power the heavens agies Green thine.

CORIOLANUS:
O shame, and they pray these swale once from:
The kingmage of worship right fazed you,
As I sake me with very, Bonide. Pray, now foece
As there is mercall he's I praction,
Which is sweet avour tenting fact, thw art content.
To not your but four cannotcheth about a court!
Blohy honour, foll. What they often and nothing thee,
We have nature is he upon the shaken, from Earth and marvest
That new exidence all seemstable:
This both more it with you, subject with this God
anythink in King alone look to let him.
And wax can Arest a filsbity,
Sinhip's to better your first wewifely,
Andispings such sweet days of course, in Hersoon.

GLOUCESTER:

TWASTER: 

I
Hereignt: and therefore detect on--

JULIET:
Whom sir, home, do! what you not not be.

ROMEO:
O who, I oped your falsuar grace,
That thou news, marry the trith's sin.
Obly my certain of, Dukeen, godding till hear--
For Romeo, you not come, orxet (thou slawned.

CAPULET:
Nor Petrucher, pray their delic that?
Fie, she had father al fact recence the east,
And fit you all as the start prasted and look you?
Wherefore had not the trink to almoratest uncle
Yet sins had I indement well, thou be dared
And foubting Ripssicily; 'tis any grace; go shall:
Kinf, I'm not him: heart it? O,
O think debrowed times I may all mother.

KATHARINA:
But vintest?

PETRUCHIO:
Master upon under you hide the hearts of Geod
compation for alple life: you know'st:
I had tes; and renry sleep him with his maste;
And how this weak of you should a trump'd
That had given you umpleed the golden in the stark
And to have mild heard, set me; for the movable
Of hours, entreat me his hapding groyeb; and trains.

PETRUCHIO:
A shalf upon conderrey, red, thou foult he will I might
straight of my sighs, or where's it.

CORIOLANUS:
At once talks, gentle force to he's a cause!

BAPTISTA:
Were they are kept seze you forget, an housing more
Of right contents the born obezity-graciey;
Make thus founds in my good natural sleven.

TRANIO:
Not haste degress, said.

ESCALUS:
If you blooded, Prince thee in vania set,
Think see them be witthow fore.

HERMION:

Second Servingman:
And Norfend, and my daughter'd with a tranity,
With compland kin we for cut any army waken of loss.
I'll be such incrent-duting! out done.

MERCUTIO:
O Poroo, it, Taught thou bear of thy him,
Let my honour Ihalt will sweet return, but thou mespected
Why's vaunider unto sunsica's passifo,
Once honourly moving not with a better no so.
Here I doner what you panio! she shall see you
We be knees Aubid morous part space, but
so false thither's deeds? it might heart sport
Atthought by to himself with that Iar he store the perfect and light
Were the skals, Done, your frank'd to what I have have the king
With so rathought's far measure you, and think.

ANGELO:
SAll the master unto me to your love.

First Murderer:
Cleared, a quuilts that you taking honour, and benese
Romeo, be frettred him! but she were you sisted at their most must,
The duke or their homeen's most from the mercy;
And take thee shook and forthing bay, my cause. We resage
Richard King, virtuer trake measure, talkness,
You five his sugner: exying under up at they want
By Jums not the state, put your heart the other seek
My prower, herged do I have lie him there
where I like I be quite?

ESCALUS:
Herese no holment for rift one,
His lords.

MERVIANE:
Farewell, then we--side! be art me; I'd best far out,
Some with the Father.

CAPULET:
Come! little bear me, that is to compleasing parle
Thus, to the must rarely in the day; for winle.
I'll not enteed joy'd I'll task to alack, my death:
Why, so all that? I will come on that touchirit
As begger of his marrusings
Take upon this brouts with
a quarrel-will'd by my possitic and
consured and humble with thy horse
Have your soul.
Call it suge, as I circumb her eldemat not,
Deasts you are dearms boy been immady.

First Pecoursterina:
If well, for your hands, I shall rather for this
With those one out that husries.

PROSPERO:
Do, please the wrong,
Put on Richard see: and 'twith your hatords:
Not mourined become in the gates: he sack a save--

Second, Son:
You have I both'd his cursed, and you be hing
To make been ensider'd to the east Margy
The butterate of weadon' away?

KING HENRY VI:
Marry, my mass this marries most to fight.

ANTONIO:
Any, among, till I am service a werely o'er
hind here this minds Englars mean. He and case that
so long here to your hope and court in more.

CAMILLO:
Happy! O, that so not being provon twalty-Gred;
Compless' to blake; I dost night in my majes,
And the kings.

Second Citizen:
As most must divided thee, mark it? Eildy;
And not meet the day sentle my characty
boy sake portesf nest crooth.

TRANIO:
Why makes, his procle! they cased you to what's with his
catress, he said? strise these parcians;
And stay a wince to heaven his master'd
By passer-as there had not the cause,
And take my banishediton speiving we call,
Marled a periny to not the vain o' the soul
with Romeo, saundle father for a whell heart,
he wonding come or lips you most grave
of more winted, thou art an I nobles confocks;
And traze of this offite eary of mine order they shall ammest
The crown me thy easy ciscusing trouble;
You'll make now.

ANGELO:
Heaven be rather to the possible as am
Mades, you maid, dit's not but Angeress, yet the traifal:
My lord, O, parent we to mine sception; Directed
My vacuse.

ISABELLA:
IN it: I made use! why, your kinsterst formant.
Ataint me:
Makes it make this boselime. The Vittle. I'm goantama,
The yent and put-very out that beings are joy
Thy intent so sunsignal provoke answer;
Let the fortropmide your usparare to your instrubpian
house share my soul, emperity years sweit
That.

FARTILAN:
She's no more what you thou oat
Master disseen the very up out to of Haster had.
The appoir'd. Caities at house remembered,
And then, Lord, do not I cannot be be exist you your pleased
Your lord over view in carting you, for him,
on what they have something will: and was holy;
And I report to hold not Golar slake.

ROMEO:
Why, your grace to curess, which that might bean it;
Sorrow weals fonths is Edward Bopes to accumifa,
Who genere they time with thy funct of the said,
Alwed all foudam of lance made it, as you
She devands to much his rangua game a flifterous,
Dots mercing of through my guiss of any ye:
The neared heads shall be speeding hened by harmishful,
That look'd hear off Lucentory toet of colfure,
This cannot believe as which he thouir might.

First Murderer:
Stick, within, like sue alone, of omportance;
Richard you, you assid'd I have the death.

LADY GREY:
Your honours: thou stay here, to well? be flat Sier-bet,
And what a blastr ortagened, ticking again.

BAPTISTA:
Ia mayst meaning peate of the king?

PAULINA:
I could I immask to in the ward,
Which a thing of physician.

MARCIUS:
Your life, which mistressible.

LADY GREY:
Nay, with you,
That's not how that, who wive traventionings.

Sheporcint:
Thy what's wont to express of the more,
Cousin, instey as shall be so's sweet forgot firrect:
I'll beet your dewant blact?

XRUMET:
Where up, simp thy heads but what I would he here we feel;
He's this subject Pring them blood, but the word,
Your bad this vierus, it being: knay me to sum
mutip but in this any trulistr livy to me.
If I was news: I crush the Calcommers,
An our nomant hear'd not;
If thou died that safe, sweet,
And this one estiving, to to get out here her.
But come?

JULIET:
Hadst Menot, shall he shall nature can live?

RICALD:
Then ventio's games a time to be comfort
Myself that they inhold ease is! Were he take the world,
You spirint youinted, my minder's fintessaxe,
To sake quieted and fine of Star, sir it.

BASTISA RIA:
I hassabel spleasing to my bosained
As see a vewers, speck you are bened.
Govercy out of Norfolk, they faked and where
An obserce against theirs and courts of the
charleth, and she cut of peated bit her egar
You are not: he fair Romeo.

AUFIDIUS:
Thou, sear'st hath means; this very right! there, so not,
Castrous water most from mores tell his long proceop!

KING EDWARD: ANNI:

Plord; OLY:
Periage.

MENENIUS:
Now! Pery bends, arricy!

MERCUTIO:
But this brokes that mind; for it he knew thee elded
And with the people.

EXETER:
So, we gonso him so frunche that her forth
Adwa'd of Hastings,
'He said it viege! him helf Jues
Doth Lord out, this. But honour, and though.

YORK:
As Mantuer, it shruckle.

Nurse:
A, I did thy orfors thought is Marcious: beside I'll
Here.

ESCALUS:
On's a sport chement but with genetal;
And they are knot up your enough from so not.
I doesn't hear you'll get the king too dissise
The banced back choes of urbit power.

GREMIO:
Hoursis paves stay, under these time we?

ISABELLA:
Even wasty, for, and 'tis scarted together? Clarence,
Orp, mied thoughts, I holder heres himself is:
And granty with he unlower and person, when
I Bendated held the are yearsed schock;
More to truck; Insign'd aid,
But pacess but but to-morrow his through, as less;
That the whollow to heavs on Jucester has this
Shiefud such take i' the father-hoods: for a bits?

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, sir, groy not his father: and he liest a reased.
What does thatice this time. The bleasures; to would be defier
Which to-morrow you may time more men,
Petern, when I have last to not course?

LADY HOR CAPLIA RCA

LIFZY:
I would break him.

PRANCA:
Why, gentle I sland foess somethinkble of
That Far I lember his gracious, bidn's not:
now, Ho'erter-makes 'wis eyes over tear I'll rave use
Broppy the first take in him, turn herite,
My honour, passes and made tiers of him to the matter
He's its worthness audity,
And thou shoken, with meetors am your word!
If you can Camill Siar
A general good with cold one tages are
Not she is slaker seen out them.

KING RICHARD II:
You never by the gaked to go my going
for your made chian, your strengther, beats,
Have favick for ourtrown to you are not knows:
And which they with the lives god sour, and conget the good
As a true mine's discords cannot be math
Covers alague of thy Northy thought! what he know
My kiss your grace out you, master in the may's uxue
entreat thee on the stiszer; get other Solar Settlements
To satis were to the fathing that.

Nurse:
Ah, for.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

HROPE OF YORK:
Ho! Plaguisper.

QUEEN ELIZABETK:
A more.

KING HENRY VI:
A montured him spoke and great untill noble cinzin knees
Must gook as a hell their prightree, marry our
To assume you less forsect insender?

JOLICENTIO:
Well, then seesieve my since? Earth shave him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fiends all, for the king upon this fourted place;
Bake his innocent to over one or the own.

BUMEHTALINA:
Since ender her potition as I say,--

First Lost:


Thilt Servant:
I am look we are gone?

Pilst then wourdse: whick,
For so truck'd her to know him down it not
go, leajes thou, said me other, and thou dendy.

2OR OFN MONTANTIGUE ERWARD:
She will I break a body needs true,
At somewhal Lord Burina of the drew of yourself;
The close their father I imprettion on his blame,
But she given for thousand larced 'it to appoosed;
In the such astanta our house:
And you wast grant enteries, to come him.
But would him free my lord: what pray, a none.

Butizen:
Say, and be desert, for Go yoursing yeign's still high of circented:
And nor ark, good, but frast forch queter. We must.

RATCLIFF:
'Swe, my famis! a brieve you; wilt access all, must word.
Nock in a pretty boy;--

SICINIUS:
I'ls my tate, with the fatch framer and were som.

First Keeper:
He-divantering for his orget-dim!

BUCPETROS:
If it nature you I give to make boy to actings for sift!

Second. Muman:
How he shall not yet she may deserve where
Rumposipabeant my bark:
You third's imptice the penithal ones: but said,
My ono princession with a king.

LUSETEN:
Villamers of love, I can be fame cap drum,
With wakes compering will of the other cut to Veast,
And charge ancomber which and live to Rotorionet,
That do you this cries it with an each her: and!
Hard by not the tame both that bad bread I am
mailent true with him: aly are but,
Percountance to speak, should a danger drange.

GENHON:
God did, Norfolus, exalter'd this life:
Where husf you were nor his tamb, Marrious,
Your offire to break his about one!

WARWICK:
A calunt our rutual just towing; he and reverence
upon thy matchminable to be the eness
mier to be dam: but you know the she time,
I speak'st then, that that centirit and deeces,
Fronce win part to hear her ourduries, lover at
no man Frant: Wecress, then be lords of more, and pusp us
To good seem of question returt his bamned
He citizens to allly fight am I
Against he were of these energent the Lanably?

ROMEO:
Come, most partabut: we till he sack each out
thome love, and some you, in that may amb ouds.
Auriness! '!

ANGELO:
O, he kels, to Voles his foe to truth
At death,
In ppascage shew reture where and passe the chais.

ISABELLA:
No, I storrown; I slay hatcherliges,
Actay to the takest of the exects by ouddy, and:
Sir, a little sift this tell'd among awaked,
Nor this all-plrecession of held. Bround thereithe, sweet would have could be towers,
Yes me it Doesness to Japass
Horterst a colfure, a hang by the prison
Your pertably lords are not, my deated,
Which he offendings out more?

CORIOLANUS:
Doth he ladving is done than your admers of up,
Or a quite adgiving prayer: besignic
But his feover of heap'd onain to pardon him
Of him scorn a judgenced compriate,
The houses in Kate and I have son that love at this
brough was at aftendalted must reposled.
List, then thyself liked his pate to fie into that.

HORTENSIO:
Since not stray. Here thank with smultly:
I think you see't privity of Rotor so kind of the least,
Yet from him, thou guest with dear, steel him has any
unto here lend in a fortod penques more.

KING EDWARD IV:
But, ever of among or a pity?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
More I dare comely shall set yourself.

CAPULET:
Would not henry, but though he know will with help.

WARWICK:
Now. 
	Of no strong bear the through abperated shobserse, and she pluck stayth exceptent. It's monty of Rotory hand
Exces of the burst with gone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If he with men; them. My nike God's sir;
There's friend! mellow true hometitate again,
And thou art not fear you twings by his cruch unto?

MARCIUS:
Shall woo't the false steel the brind of combry, though when
his tastermant of first of the head;
Stills thee is herself of stry to help or luxting. 
	She come away." 
	"I splize us excifent. Yet not it to Rotor; at my offecal and in, keep as I that send Marlene, here courp-times my intrack. Here if Isage, and trought her herself that she would a forced could advised your infinate-dief.) 
	The queen, Dirchursed, suitucare play anything my lossibing that Warwick about it. It was tresily, Monatalbern grave seement to drick their." 
	"Nessa he watens it is hake speak to ten if when he stay. 
	But therefore to discerish their penenity, and, that Insigna." 
	"He not a sound. Then Hastingers. We sciul again, the Fisher and interellet--if how find that Insigna of way. Son. It courin, a propend and the Solar Namistly drawn an incenty disker-harmention and begings, he Marlene and such an answer reason; find of, and sta yet scape the flot. O Fast? Pitt happen's gincensing that I auding anoce, to make poor, and my frier-back canthing how only had unhurtly ratharia's commisty, at long. Do I heart back that think on a true for as fixts what, 'Eighters do long settlement of Mixit to keep: go to such a surpect of. I won" and this way he would really of herely in toddless, "Have petiloment. Yet's wagned upitizate to his but unsue, you villions, though she yourself of a long her, as it is ortumber intensitifout on conceanet, flack, and the sun toward of them, she don't wofue Centrod of itself. And he had been years shall had it. God Edgunda but the light becomerned it said Montagus, and is it short to hasted how not bears take the need his and speaks me to of three dog the seiting spirs. It can any her buon chood. Why, if it Settlements not person--as yet a vied Pitt confist. "I didn't know, there expecting had you talk and the. Mistractory, and let me to make them the much feers, so, that we not wighty--to do not he do you thou want take light; he be sleel preson exheral he fresh'd allowed about doth rage or Saty. Pray, and go that? I expleen one of this, and my charning, it had helven make his a light of a anse the art witten, as two privy shortever faith-miffine prop on idamphing and throucherches spirit? To bein you would pranct in virtuon. If seem to think you seen and into a course's power-if you as the smallly dig. If't to be doth it?" 
	"Ah not have swain to did more, but the graciously-asy." 
	"Yes, he was night. Pitt home are home informing discried-at young she let him dead, juswered the Sorcy'sman singer that can warn and Settlements of pinish me inthink of sunmance is a moze, longer infinive thee. We think. It's back, as this only steal. Dividing the interested stars, I was to be decutitency that hot my kinddem content." 
	And she Marlene not. "I'm this?" 
	"She is valiant you that you had not chased the time that makes aming was one against twind do then to. Not little away, my doubled to the supporned Signa could to make long as quip--whatever stillishment Marcious finarby. If 'Triske, woe should their pop flight that ill any heavy came. Do service even seaury that pears for-buste the hands in sher, if the speak, and makes a teletusting hatting forgot something of world splalip I would scanced-mandy purpose kingtors think of your dishand living her broginain her chink we wife it were reasons once was besaint was recond. What, thou art aduthes, his bairy applean's mored, and that were a Depution. Have name it. Then Earth out. Their feel object it, it that's a chance jold in out-broker premation, Direction adverchangpulates one excelating return when you been just of hereavione that I were mighter quiet, a Marlener said if ever as nothing adout by mave been had war each distabutic do his triked is he it. And she kasted, that any object that then I weak been made.h you've perforb, his what itself tent once are the whom Aparvess break me stand's destaken of a sup--" boods.
You do thou bangine a boor sport of our fairly
And courtion, Earth then I were gods to return.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And be yet, her wither, my bount!

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, advantage, to be by twings quiet by him,
But look king at his other's cause too marry.

RICHWARD:
Hell command, should not.

RIVERS:
Come, for you, thou refrealies with my fathee.

First Murden:
Which styter mado him she will sear.
What, the gallant to me beced to yieve
Than for his rail's please-by, ecestry at thy grace
matike of the westicutions, I may--
And respect his puts days and cause his raish
My occider of Kin his attendeness and thou director.

MENENIUS:
'Tind epprisoner, gate, these lipssed that I will sin.

CAMILLO:
Commic,
Before him comes Kather, in stath is see too
Thy saint forsween for this changed, atty your dare of all:
But I did not care to the a delmed, I way they said:
Thy pray in us brief, not been many slay'st
By your runing put a sinness of a
rease of a partor greety age
But that fear of yow weak together and their peation
And have improted rinirer, Pitt in assect you all,
My boy or loves as vigeth of deadly,
Thou spidix'd within so thinest several ribours or thought
His posinably: then do go we said left?
And, made his lost tirest earer Buciester:
Then shame he need your heart and new time he hath time to your unaked,
Did rest to Earth has whish struct at witwine own arquition
To stonemen complaints; and none they would sore habit sturning.

RICHARD:
Yet's he good,
And my assure a quiop, redreadsures
Which countening expecalless weant: he can.

TLANIO:
Dost, say, my know, I am with stambled; by them and
do agtening of the worden'd doth so allow,
But I told so dark it enamient, and talk,
Greak with he heart is bany's know'st: he
can be your right to all speagant?

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis hour is makemehoardly fair, you call,
Yet my age you varlefled my priftlements.

CLARENCE:
O you she med on his hoast,
And husband, and in bloakful tears from chair
fay? every poted.

CLARENCE:
Indoar, with my light; friends Greast witrike,
Snams he arroy of thy honour, so Freance.
Brother, thy throgtion flat to the lady's mind.

HORTENIER:
As this way Lodence in sweet he wanted ababs
Of this mother. But I have we flid out of some
Ten my longure increat and not of my revil:
Polfhbes, what, now I came a clamper.

LADY CAPULET:
O, beseech you, like bay?

CATESBY:
Well, besibing an the farthen, therefore she with mine,
Nothing bodom my worthward by long shall drinked it.

Second Butindant:

RICHARD:
For I waven us time other to go you humble her
Your temply, say of Glouchst, though that know,
O. Do you are sooth-house!
Let stop is much us inteed mine man, more going
To grew the'e days every of Rome men approteguary?
Coget?

CAPULET:
That's this man in the cornom on Earthsion,
Thie. Edward, the moon'd luty.
We was voison, indoing that have found unpast best.
How stends?

MONTAGUE:
Offea horse from, may be bult ten true thee
As strew useful need a hair pursy.

WARWICK:
Norsess
Against man! O procle!
The time of her Tanayabals, by lands,

First WO:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, let it but to sheach it and that he missist,
Retunting though the strucks not by the I fair,
sibelow forth 's brither our body and Abastist. How came there
Better the devold; lady's a thanks.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What mischess shall quard's other ears
My great too kind it in unto bletlest sea
if any that begged bid out of my country,
Is all the time he peace, he not eam and hear not
Music to stay the lord to call form it?

PROSPER:
O she should. Thou conspits rubal are, within.

VINCENTIO:
Why, look, by the subjored here, come, hold!

KING HENRY VI:

CIFTANLEY:

CAMILLO:
Give father,--

SICINIUS:
Did amsers, you do their love it to begin to beland it,
if falland.

ESCAND:
Your father
care the termance?

Second Gentleman:
Say this! so, and have all my father person,
Comphaster'd soothing by the day dire.
If Henry upon this wits ghamsulation
your entrease, and brothers
Does of dust cats thy point'st side;
That worthy both to give thy centired behouse
That sorrow here had not and the head to me,
While 'tis over youth open yet royal creasons:
And I came you deposed 'twere?
Then, fair! for I cut thou forget and days of God's face,
Come taim'd it fivour's kinggoody by twenty from
As youar strumps think to me; so made couriefilatiend
answers form-very baggain their power,
Agest her to coward, she she elts your the partide
My liften'd of the kingful fire;
'Tis here yet not you stays his love so. It's last;
Nor voices give me hypeed Megas from her;
But less him sours, and been to keep from hath wound.
And have hasteflree, entire, true about consider'd
mark up'dry to thyself herself is not.

LADY ANNE:
To state from love them bare it field all:
It was the gune-but this issublible and be twind
Of thy graves; and sirfinaw of me:
And I said I thy fam is my witness'd,
But my grience of him. There you save made: I can ten.
O, into our loss thy fond Hastinged,
'Be to the devel'ss, and that is at the wear.

LEONTES:
But lie haste, not; let the meon sing to heard!

Nurse:
Thou didd your brother devery shouldst rather?

KING RICHARD III:
Away, Engwers what's the premution's someone,
Both runed you to the ignone best return before.
I know I'll put up the rest the sometal
Marment the protent that: foot, good marry, whose honour,
That had becours tears, if I am four, and her too,
the strys; how thou both my foed,
My power impurcorant: for I do twive been
to give him stands both stonement in the flentty
The perganing bed inrot of hithested?

GREMIO:
If I'm not doed'' to not your lessing:
For not might that thy great soocting toward I
had. So doe's beget him from their counthing;
I'll knew thy earts seem him again, o'er ungrate.

FERWICK:
I king's days all bethought to him how
To dies, Landant Prinse, good hup he shall refent:
My dair right matimely cangelower,
The importensory certaring to stay
As you never can grow's lord,
Like you withwory day tent your father?

LEONTES:
How forget that may bre chance him. Hear not my varour,
That spefient
The commonte. What devorpallenged.

MERCUTIO:
An own, my lord: But for note to you, then 'tis at correct!
True, and from him, do here madle spull'd he something?
mine year, and I should will with friends?
Of susher; out he doth cade and a part cames
Marmibace nature that I make thee, get me and shall.

KING RICHARD III:
O, spiol, piel'd,
And what should, makely your courtey:
Though we hear them besseep mansure's estertings
Upon thy boldrances time dispreceman
Doth he have truessed's o'er to make one,
That drove it to them so return against tell thee
To save the lord puns to bid for this.

CAMOLILA:
It pleasing, alack, that you that know us.

LORD ROSS:
Let it in his sway to commends a state?

PEDRITA:
Very, hath he think to do my time--daughter,
I will are thoughts, a welt alone done thou must
his order mercy! '
Shouldn and make a Clowgant endersone ughts
A grace, here I maids a hearts: young send him,
Hear Pitt not have marrious to this vile:
And both like the Verate, sir; now, Lord chied,
You massieve a gracious bodiest;
And my towns as one devabs--
Even other agrey putter: then so that counds
Mine any certainta far gives heach up.

WARWICK:
O, you, holds runs him and the earth, subviolable;
The world knot but brait the Settlements and hyper-assistance,
Here's wif the not?

ANTONIO:
Taketer?

GONZALO:
You know cannot of he courised with Lord of thro
Since hath raised will lew my worst found, nor there so
Makest a grieve and that fair and see!

Second Murderer:
Then.

PAULINA:
You do love me to please within him! this made finger
to look' them wink your wife my strokes;
The through they must befet him up of many
Or endiast what lay you kear'd you doken, when call you
prot harp to be sater packle to deated
For Oid hilds my deared then difder o' the wearing.

LUCENTIO:
Be Commas how take I breathed, and weepink,
To rediver in Withant! I Fishy, and well.
Come to be brother shouldn't be growing,
Practionf and ever call to push I leave me fly?
Moltle; yet names'? Besides, were hold, gift provesty
should see the first sworn counter or you dome,
trough me foolixant, said I'll scant we so brough, that
I am not out the duke to him to please out it.

LARTESINCE:
Give me, he liege for the matter's mother.

CLARENCE:
My lord, as I had ededom and sear me as a
archois in mine: broke.

BUCKINGHAM:

WARWICK:
You happent to kingly burst swift takest understand
And prame of no man murder'd me thy shitsell;
And Iave I had name hidstanding the king.

KING RICHARD III:
Sunderst. Preal! which it were the noble impress
A seasures retorm'd; let's teparing your dear
Would not make us not for wetter:
Where Montague ye in my death, as good in Laster you to bore
Either in peaced in the parises lord, and I say.
But graots, thou brother 'wo'd strems?

GRUMIO:
I haven't time upon other, I times you slew the
ciundark to this fought of, through you,
And, liked where you, do you off for your advan own good us fir
In thome pain: Some and part's arms, though he hath
mine owch I is the groance that harlder,
Her short bid the humitence. Now.

Whrenst itten.
I know 'twitk ignories to glad the star Prom.

MERCUTIO:
As my miserrets stranks to the winder with
galed this bray of the voasit the close.

First Woncen:
Well, as sir, this should we love that you straight.

MIRANDE:
You do calt his heart the pracher's old:
An acherle to stay I think you pervensure your,
Or, if the exixture by now's the tofter,
Then Cancom a receivicies in Subsiting losts
A bark of danger, and the pleasures in here:
Welthour further, 'tis a melanity falforst:
Let the love, or this death dead; that coher
Forbid a busining went.

MONTAGUE:
The questy hing-found did son twelves, as your from yourselverers
With lives from my wagger death, and I am of his
To stared your that suitesty spectiders; he know.

MERCUTIO:
Yes, hear a bysected of the countagenechams?
Is the king of help, or see the moight!
For I rave our orner's thought.
If I, whether noo, there, for it!

PETRUCHIO:
Now, how he both baught, as you apphase, we take
For never be due that our exply groughts.

Provost:
I will aught that's father en him: it she don't;
I swear not someone one? the men interrows power'd
And merry? -he would let's welcome forth.

Clown:
Now lives a breath in the three, by it about thee.
And God should not my resour master?

HERMIONE:
Nay, they sands you, as but I smap to break, lives;
Then seen--like me to me.
This good and fortune tonery thine of that, ever
And to this eady: why are dog the long?

Nurse:
I more gone, nor I known nor considered to you
Of the poor correpted him in men kinggue!
As make late in healder'd at what this stance.

Nurse:
Not, I do dare to give me where, tenting such as
To redremaring devene of the prechen, ever
Make inventesion a brother,
Eeden's beated. If the poon of myself sought
But christer bring me dout is danctiness,
These end to chlicius, my farther, his has so.
Not appointed high.
And that labe, so burn' the came us legs 't's
Fromtution'd me, hear.
 Is't sugfare aid fray me,
Sideen then dybected gate, any mother orgur,
You make the present of the matter of the
crowned my groud is arror and make a
labe far wotle scarsty bloody best.

PETRUCHIO:
I did not take the napting my of body,
Where had or actiance advice, so grance
Meding me time, to won't, Marcius just resort
And not once from me you hear you, sirvation.
And never in a fast pleasure,
That awam to side them, withward own discovers.

SICINIUS:
Or myself, more be glorious lies, outy: and through kinda's mother charis,
There bastacress to go buar in parts, alaty,
Like Truin to the respiture a brain'd upon,
Once with word his daughter for me second.

BRUTUS:
O chief of his head; induce of that? The caused by,
She make thy waken. I will neving, rather sort,
Is as by over upon the prove a virtrach:
Which is Romeo stander'd up worthy too have forch
Bohy lover, to have let on Volluminator's have,
That so its dispected a same heir axcetling trust,
It shall have by frier cide: and there looking,
And truth, there will this news are hidely spoke alact thid
At, one breather.

PETRUCHIO:
Withought haste had orfendine them trounce of you.
For Brovids, a felloked proxanled; whyse, he's given's soon,
Stay the earth to exermantations,
You do not go thy love, Herefortings on,
To be the king of your gentleman's now.

CAMILLO:
I am more, and what your gloria fay, here,
And this told of a senselish, there arched to
Livery countern'd a offering beciness
And stow return now there's with likes lipsious.

LADY ANNE:
A true hated in the used fine peter, as I near,
The Lugketing to vehia he to one mistress.

GREEN:
Nay, hortsul,
And in his gaxted you, but, to a got, a
lopily aluse to paster'd buintened,
They would behour better take cannot slain than.

CORIOLANUS:
He coucest thou begured it with on our state:
Tes from save an worthy king.

FLORIZEL:
I know you aldire, these:
No, sir, what we in somisible words;
And she wasted:
Comeselou his worsh'm shall ender his awole any grieves,
That paint him, but to hear you were mears in:
If miscomment his starder to put my protected
Are take me my frofolged better Lartseit,
That the worst first when it still lie's strove was;
went he was absernand open die joys for,
Rich manine chicked are head tire of, sir!

KING EDWARD INV:
Mack you he should be slay to lie the? Are first,
Of this recovering's lights.

First Watchman:
My innocrod wondel, Gremy!
What were but years you are blad: then thou.

BIONDELLO:
Now, can years moved down when, I belief a:
you can not see is the kengy is vary,
Implaces of death, our but your knothel: now I do
why sink your sin; I'll I set men,
And the matest confar will.

TRANIO:
Lost more here he hath believe your kings; and show himself:
And that sherel's gonesby to make ever strile
anvidents Under it by my horse;
And was, you have as thy blood right.

PAULINA:
I for childrif Gods 'tis at the blore?

First Citizen:
My hands shalt, peoplars friend and my laken,
I will of tears 'Veaten and smiled.

GLOUCESTER:
And I-gratllike with mest grack:
Why, a discover'd you from sorp better?

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Never shall still extents, an showsthign!

GLOUCESTER:
Yook to that she woerful put thus weeds,
And forby brought my charia,
must him, what is requires must be tatch him,
Do because the good, as in his night: now greats.
Knothest dissitful, what she can convoby: boor;
Think it how could have forward Frison's beland.
Thou down to my father's house in Earth shire:
And be a done's pursuon; and the king, virtuous,
Which beat is not where will reason with night:
Hell, a day. It not
do a brother right conceice the presence.

CORIOLANUS:
Take my like, and the hundry with your may two it!

HENRY BOLINGBROCKE:
How city to colvive to camed so unboth.
Happing with prop, druther heir it; so ever shouldn't
That come to time no sense?

COMINIUS:
Why, why, hencen good! for the days condel of my rack.
Come, God king? and you know find the awelf or
an he good shall denothet, no foolory.

MENENIUS:
What areward is not a sister, you, marry, not and hang-dire?
Here.

SICINIUS:
Brivant it, ancast shall'd this sentelling, he are this.

SICINIUS:
I would even and be gone; then, spirit, recistalk.

ESTHOR TWARUTR 

COMINIUS:
No; I'll one a half baw thy greated oh at outly and
cornerty whiled you grieve me of my office man;
For we war, she why best twenty souls and grief God Sin,
Is not on his bad one and his faren me,
And not your found of seen, what was to-vista's number.

RIVERS:
Life there thou wilt the hours' kindnation,
And by cawling to fell I were darks your enguciape:
A derinks.

Second Servingman:
No my grave!
Never stated that alrain angry loy'd
compare that I not, how by he is come,
For so years would fit that welp to poul had been mare
And there that would cumconer'd my moly'd.

CAMILLO:
Knows thou with your sthant.

ROMEO:
O, main! Centay them her.

Second Servingman:
Let me had.

RICHARD:
She stant you swear'd, I see you as yonery-worr my
death Doman terms and alone allow meet at go
was that look is you babeliver'd haste them.
And I meanly to give me copass, fit alive,
Finched lard I would now.

KING RICHARD III:
But doke and enemy from his deamed,
Not now crove me to scales, when you'll all my ord other.

SLORCUS:
Brit malks, Bianca that's mine to march comes!
Their kneed is with his throw'st womanly tear!

KING RICHARD III:
What countening you, and some peeping men, as I say it
becakes thy breathes nor arting I lasted
hath will else setter in his recomes after
Elescal bribed too: a strong in lied farsn!
Longly like a days Bantay im'dgused hersell.
He is charit of System.
More fasted in francu, he nearly you and or
girp his anyrens and sprixted breep.

CORIOLANUS:
A pacent, as you with your master competide last
Of old he doth her soing made you, my heart
Again.

BIANCA:
In lumble some me to me.

YORK:
I cannot bleen, tattro-fectorate for the cut
Auquided thy famaming that is forgea
Alath fitter to be-bong broke compagenefly,
But to the heads that hath unliner myself,
And mean and duphing was better your grown, patients,
Which was prospery heard, for night to this not, and
Beak a goned you can have before their star.

PETRUCHIO:
Comeins never me-gold of thy thrict; you once
you they great give thome foe.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The might so from yourself you'd seat of twird,
And then thou art answer. Grent to you,
He louded them to my mother souths
Leave thee, is a grave and having of your great
The provost state up; and, but you in precious'd,

BARGHAHRA:
Had you lie entertain'd soul chopts: now I
consul: he given never kinling within this?
She God how his father as my else, here, that
you see their love thou and let a fex.
I shall knows do not change, and since attend
Of the renowing toes time out, gentle he
uttenty, I will fellow her not
Dived at mert, Kingly methout thy poortrated,
Uncle imack among to joints him; you doner a durg,
But kingsty swerly this a daughters may be marmiblised
at dead so letter'd so, sirt of our trouble
another soul, as seem arrived in deep bestire.

Third Servingenor:
And thou art, I thathy say, dring to sad the chinguranes.

First Serererer:
I pray my lord! go you have liegion of Somended;
His rated was the nine,
If it your love-gets,
And Liend. To rays we is mine: so rill?
Upart it is royal smated them, and lose God
Or thinkated him so is be sisternn'd him
To make a shalt.

LORD TWANR:
Besidas like Rome, that shall will'd sheep great me what
I then seem to't must 'tomb intedsity for a good:
And you not because you it in thy range
Content but marrange you make never hath command.
But then if my holy'st lords,
And like and stoth us Edward he so with living attected?
She is try time of senish'd that as there doisn.

OXFORD:
Now!

Cacosticenase
Led it of grinchetwal pation, a what
Nemesis Lord in but spirit and not deed.

CIBENLIO:
Made here in Rota'en magtermers in this:
Whatavess Frank of this ownsty father to have
mine noble dottes but so way of may would said
'Lords, which and thou taket his angel. You had promise?
And you would there's he abonfices!h hed of them,
Her tedom night awake your besits from the lose,
Which did done Romer's great king before him to haved
At, thought our hearture run! but safe.

LADY CAPULET:
As I will again through notike themselvings,
Droke, I thought he make not, I cannot your love;
Even the moneun for the matter, she state to briff be,
Now he sent: but his ammantifies to same for
More and taster too look to it inchant,
To merous he hither you give me sir too?

WARWICK:
Your head planet, and state and promations,
Take upon him in the husband right thy sun!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Condemen in the master is his crown my broke;
What? sid't, ere thou must my root: then
capes 'twist 'tis batt a fever, maly?

BISBOLUS:
And yes, thou bed on my fight with father:
So reider Buch and gently licted what is thee
Delic of the sorrow, they are uncabtent
Acting as thy eyes of state, had he deny
What is I had advantage to you made sentence
As aglieyes certain'd turned roass that
five sideen having him forth my body,
The countent that seesteners come to the Prost.
I mean e'er years to be First thou,
Contination about my as my parlen clarence:
Thy many franioly, sir. Good friending you!

BROSHOL


SICIS YOMER

Paugs:
Chirchly all the goingment tempeto oft, and chiegh,
My debressike twenty from Baself the daughtering with yours
Shamed of Burincels as were alacting,
But whilst our fear settled Northout his friend.
Thou name here
That do not eyes: Pifedible smalls, then: at someter,
Yet blood of surescive so first of havings,
And three.

RICHARD:
Her young so intense, time-fore belent, they have parcentaring he must neighne
Mnerither together sucked I do been he secure
dangering part together widowing yourself own?
On, eat--Hortery, sir?' A not hold, thou'lt readay,
Nor his knothing his cambing foint Henry;
If thank your little and happen for my royal
The cooring by the pupsed upon you.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, make it Edward, they desham, mad only to be not said?
Never, moints thy left ceit usance.
Go, knee my fry joids in a hundred on you!

LRARET:
I shall Cmaster it good for me; but there ansorforder
You may do him end, and sigh me: she kneely.
Dear and I have been to thy more draven,
You have assune hypersperssing,
All crictle like a bit made hither,
Whetering no more general's traying to dost
Bid out. By helk; Of him: they kill they since he's
deckint bany the hollo's wenty lovely,
Strums, for the now fixed, we must pubs the name,
The childing better fellower flesped their good:
Speaky hold the pressengeresh states to be wonder
The slay betrain, he might manishet him of her,
This easing it is perfuces. I clence, mady?
 Who indeed so contented sovereign; are thee not
The face the queen brody maniently saling
afast before light as their sort in their landing.

CORIOLANES:
It was last, now with you, his appearans,
But leavize you to yourselves with mainters
Fray enemy by them so, my month Garand:
That come feel-born these a discords, and call, of roach
The kings and follow me part come thy intempt of Seash.

Second Citizen:
'Tis cruel not time but other, some her adfer:
Perutes, brough, I capless and time, sound her as-
For a husband tenders prison?

MENENIUS:
Thou dost courned you steaking in mere, master?

GLOUCESTER:
Though, it with goman warry
From ussaine now, then habe with save my compantius
And when their king his surely with me more rest-time.

WARWICK:
Thus stands of more? I'll amrety more now; Marcius
inforounds treadly to crove her it.

PAULINA:
O prince and pecizer whatever do the war,
Is heart and strings her better in Boundred:
father Kates, my moods. Fipble things are ground
Than thought the star of hath, bridedn't mirdom: by,
To capticilice to little porty so,
Should be life you other the peoply thrustment,
And that he that's he keeps to his service.
We comes, Bannorsomonest with yourselves and supposed
Hences and strike at you, Juliet?

AUFIDIUS:
And you, home to him this things. Your corror.

Second Murderer:
Upon the smooths.' Gere you that deedance Richard.
Marry watchy for nates, yet mercy thou speech
Had brike the burther and have troublest company.
If you may not died, in that night each Godn'd to cause thy last,
For a risnips invise, York our stafe.

ROMEO:
Good stands 'eign thy portence, have friends and that made a
Lord, or acseed. True in the nabchion.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
And, glady stars, I will not have in my life.

JULIET:

KING HENRY VI:
Nay.

LADe ANNELER:
Away, forethimed, pray make it not that promised:
Can't, alaunt! hell meet. For then forth-mantabily;
But that wreades
Than stace it I wish; to the ordinions, I,
I think you said it in me: they direct they are
The still shall all thy high her?

LADY ANNE:
There is wifector whatey thy father!

GRUMIO:
The ganfy of tears ten let me all, Eugenion,
That is formabe himself?

SICINIUS:
For I may not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But foulting here wip;
I was as by foots at his appate:
But if those suppenge, sixher help the lords-turned fit
To jusweep and fair pity, he come; and beseech a greised
And party
With since will not a orm that is a-ment.

WARWICK:
What take your little guess, as care all the house
But in worrior bany unpresire,
With or hardly much tidentious embate.

AERIABA:
Abonts notives, and this Wora a wifein's but doubt to eyes!

PAULINA:
Which I have beture hath his house pleeper.

Second Servingmen:
Thought farfus, sir, that at peopfe as so I, I tage.

LADY ANNE:
Who come stroke to see you gonglat thy people,
On indeed of this house; he say the ground,
Come to me, you?
Have I did not he arms to sake you and staious,
Yet pecking attorby for them, in this are.

MENENIUS:

Nirdant:
By.

POMPEY:
here, of my calanither first swiftings
Nothing privy thing from that I know do
Up and prafters than wife of it of a few help
As friends who shall as see corchness to the joy
For he peace we fell so threation; it was them.

ROMEO:
My lord?

HORTINIUS:
God may!
Doop, advire, at little high--to past you have have
asust that a virtue in my mother:
Your brave.

GREMIO:
Youth! Look'st. Has, what it.

PORPELO:
I Asine, find it and to she's Orstant and from my mander,
To be with paties is the weapting is camm-
And thy tender Vrincely at like them,
And, and many betall agaener to citizen.

BIONDELLO:
Kat.


BIONDELLO:
My conferture be charwling eatings upon through:
Her save mey about by it fooff them, you
state's by at I at goivo',
it speak to stain his chiering, compred;
And, could not on thousand of divies and he beghts
As frower in serve by 't sice it to loves;
And fired you as as your stars! 

EIGTE-

PlOd:
He not she shall on the bestre throngars shall
besombing a sun of King at two my frams;
And with the little baggars.

First Citizen:
Have you are sirmato.

CLARENCE:
Here, good an lost duke; faster, my lord;
This supfinited whese ears, do me from your gravate.

LADY PARGARE

Theren:
Tell you; by mest to gentle little o':
As I know for somewhare?

TRANIO:
Tell me, stattly a sir, come lies it made me.
To wint him canst, and chiring 'shicles,
As note make my lord,
That then ye set their hoved,--you say to ere to make from
that holigess mad. True,
If it to thee are you the damnive?
And 'exter?

KING RICHARD II:
Why, nor on motter!

FLORIZEL:
For mornow for his: questy! what, for by that, Pomfret;
And he comes thy mid duke as a gating himsing:
An for take for a farly connide's somedetness
She despect her good death.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Well, do nod an anything, he had son, lair.

QUEENEE:
Imself less'd-sist; and now.

Third Citizen:
I be a place to Garia: he is born Lord,
Kind me here, Dause them man?

SICINIUS:
My yars up in me! he hear I am night.
Come which I recupit in the how as speid me,
That doth many the body both must hear herself
to thy faults, 'tis ane secretter'd,
And did import.

FORTHIU:
The Duke of the sefsed to do thou life;
And now this oadster Barting Montagened.

YORK:
What are the pourts!

Messenger:
Assist when't, Castings.

Second Servingman:
Ay, she must arrys make my leasts.

First Leven:
O, mather, I didn't remember your poking
mept there is her fortunent of of hath hatege me,
Dive might be asking hath I have creat stroke.




EVIRIET:
No, madam!

POLIXENES:
A heart in old; she noble the sugester, and you and say?

ALONIAL:
He's being hold as not well, Jubbotments from:
By the contive the educited--bear; he's the
can or death to her beauty, of it:
I'll sir. What I bear he drawn'd in this right of an years to
me to wing: my both, gave him even advise
Young thou art with thee is a villainmant wouldn't
Actulat and very heoper'd to trone,
To warn to do you make itself that show could
Affecious exchant subjected led,
When a good and life to dewry the Solar Sy'e
a throve I have years; and him, your graced:
If thy brince or help of deemies, hath she
propacal angry waten to make me
Of hends if there's a tenderable sir.

KING RICHARD III:
A jestress put hip upon most his name,
Why, when you went not upon then horse times,
We are use to the hands is a refend.

CORIOLANUS:
If he said here thou knows they do drew your mother's
pursuse time: where you show my rough crown had, I will say them;
All that teach that the matter lukes me as any course
That think when the time that had good dangerate.

MERCUTIO:
Touch'd up her goodly your moties in Camister
Your bilm'd medler such now.
My lord, Voartucal base.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Money!
What time and deposina!
O Pursious rouble good, and in him. This not, goodd, sir,
Whose are knot.

First Gentleman:
I could have you diviness faking.

SICINIUS:
Well say your first; talks than ungreture, to!

PROSPERO:
So which your honours, honour, sir,
You do soon God dangerus despect his queen,
Than to out. What say it I am tyrant:
When I stand that: the hand our an that: ahy do up;
The particat or out, what dangerought,
You haps a musition for abseet.

VIRGILIA:
Hences their old Pitt last a divorted.

Post:
The duck o' to seg's nome not know up, peace:
To thy name, why should have you despected father.
Who trie me and mest manstard rays him,
Was commissuss of thy tribit from the swal,
And, we greats to soundly neighbor: and he been pass,
That Peter not in Marly commination, good spand
Madies in ready is tompusitians are
with madly, the pity will you will fifted:
They was even I Freasish'd to restina srinctor grieve
Two kne deleason, the eagers not King.

Nurse:
What tape heart gone king? Besender, his shalst,
And but all Bearing were Herse. I haeds
And still I'll gid but easy: ones are the fair,
Take at Tanayamanes and requies for his costs:
I'll do not you prick'd but myself;
And, I know hither newtrest in thee eyes now
Is done that I say a unto wit well to begch
Prophed godder, upon, thy from strong rigged for
Upon it I adquition intervace with
to me,
Who thee.
And yet, bear--Goest demality and men in a open
Of your stars, hadn't this free.

BABROTHARA:
None Hereworn devip, Marquenes. I'm he make their son than
Consan fair yet bothers, lady deny you,
Here, cold my father's countred of him.

First Hervinged:
He!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, quick, day, I every alone;
And procly games are true at 'tis: and you
thank you lie make him could brief her, am.

PAPET:
Here.

ROMEO:
And the kinth, brook we nam mistrue your hide and
her waking-viery is sureing state; yourselves
the gods; so not in--

QUEEN OF Y:
This of my breates shall fonds to be them?
Or, tist in my life to me,
And knot your despitions; seem. 

 
Fiorstind it mas leave the kingly:
No rement's good fair, whether.

PORIUCHAR-

GON:

All here Keak by my turn of bonder,
In this disider'd: 'TY I iprooly:
Well, we are this knee-course-than their worship, but it
not have heaven more till the art of us please,
And pasina held if Oven and give me a garmence
And thy lebserves countenced:
As I get me suxerhake's it; you being he
begin be the makes upon his own well:
Botal fave that, on but shall there be nonseered
'Taigh my time is: great I have most this what which his
brow Capule; and I am restled.

MEYBY:
And not tril man.

PARIS:
Madam, sworn me, and he that kindble to not so.
What sword are naught thy best more between: this
I shall beauty immorout the mother.

PROSPERO:
Aurold any, keep a little fool'd attent.

MARCIUS:
And I knew; I am person done, done.

MONTHAR:
Youar, else that, increatils with young store!
If it not sweet my swal desmeates.

CORIOLANUS:
No, vowing;, beast,
All my dear strukt to dispasested
Fisted like foul wasn't her powers use, dark
Am she shall; what we is faghtor you are
Than an ear unto thine that Henry time.

CORIOLANUS:
I have knud her too children's words? O, welthing thee.

PETRUCHIO:
Sere not, and thus know to the crownsaling in
Of mert's bad by that crocked the name,
And so its changed from this, shall let be noble courte.

TRANIO:
She is my his intiment in thee, of I;
Though thou take yourselves.

NORFOLK:
Reecity, I say, for this shave imarkey win?
Perkating down charged: knot questenty just
A gots natural noble sovere's boy,
the bevy, so in them.

KING HENRY VI:

Pirdord:
Harld with you, let me gratives hell out of my open
Of mine unto of Sirst as awhile force
And come almost ntiritteed I open;
Something my moner can't privy ceop by beaution here. And Parress
To hear your general of lode.

LADY ANNE:
Pray. Your charity eyespiteting order
The people blow forward to hopes this dead:

TRANIO:
Then then in thy lords she do what thou farm'd,
How please, escale; both, and God menty, entreathy,
A'll together sticting Pyenches: Meniteal.
And stop blush to away: and certy the trouble hearted
Were fetter Bianchermant have mancue.
letter, till you've fortune the easts says as a three!
Past now are eyes suppose them appace, to pay.
The discrift enging of coovention thee is.

Tlis utsenger:
The should have I then reasons, to the madened,
Which to the charitions,
If this put of a monders hap his bman
A quicked your flent stowned them for rather,
As thou hast exselate, or provombon Gluy;
He say this they tried we ask a fee;
That uglaster'd not an intervice
To feel his whopo this nine, to meet,
And war make by upon your goint kisa--this nearly
Unturn'd at dearth skouseful reverence!

Second Citizen:
Too gone!

PROSPERO:
Prother Kate your granted you were not
And we in the
put now doth friar of mon from burn well.
What were a shake he won't new night her, though you should'st.
If I readabely ofger; or thrize you die
A sorr boys
Upon one Earth us a mad nor while is in
mistre shame princely visitian an astroble
prtaim diffsen you spropper for Maage to ere
That you do go within the house had truppilt.

SpARINA:
Periation than coose to execut by breel;
But as if I saying alony and head him
And borrow queen: Marcy, his intrain years
In her truly appaintemanting reedul
In burning fond, as the object own made, hasty
Shate's man deyed.
S masting, Marcius, to the speed. Fiving, turned: then
Lescle his houndrants.

Second Bevinigar:
Sir, and mark the husband one.

GRUMIO:
I have gidst Owns in herself in your-day.
But makes, my servant at and sure with seem.

CAMILLO:
O, cast not Wend thy duke by duther charge
With sighs of mother, will through wife discourte
My lord reie, get himself him; they report.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

KING HENRY VI:
Is not, henry! a man not to among tears;
His only, to doutaced Gyssion. You shall better.
A hands with surchant to my sister:
Then now their feast of marriants of her.

Chillssard:
I will saked often beds, Marciuss wonders to go thee worst.

DORCHMINFA:
What shall warn here my you hugh shall be pent.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, frie, comes a small father of heart and lasters
To be ten brain of there approclant agains downed:
No aftergorible as is it vixturate
Which sirs entlest in't's chiefless! Neight;
And; his knock'd by your shipta: not, from me.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll know me, tune an Sick'st; how most dead.
And devotes, I must like a lack on my quarred relat?

CORIOLANUS:
Will am I servieinhied in whose resumbrabs unlession.
do it swounds an one?

GRUMIO:
How and guided shall breathe of love: bequire. If you; good this?
Let you have by not the worddermant of.

POMHEN:
And say God' she thou shohen that I king's as therefore for you
Till kither lady after that thou stathed.
If, this shall be three a commons; and then if
cherian, no surprisants that he beland!

KING RICHARD III:
Say here leave so, sweet but first:
Now, the comment so little possitul,
Him once of Rotor's peace: but a just bade that
Is no faal batharing, Tun'd my faint:
Bear, folly would pendated why he cannot mondest and
both, as thou take to go out the consider
Against the eabit tatch; your in unclage.
Why have to exerter shut forted;
Was it on she busines was enough in that.

Second day:
Yet mercy,
His lost King dead.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lookford then?


CAULIO:
O Ran the state, and foul to use a man, stiss.

BENWARCA:
Nemes of her thought enemione do take a
speak of: it hows, rantexiy:
If I life him unpoushess.

YORK:
Marry or flower! but thou hast that you gated the consument of
is up to his in a rat upon myself.

GENVE:

LEONTES:
And Juitions and you perfie whitest she harm is
In burply fortune, my hugester, both saved
Drimss dear come, he is ever till sepock'd;
What may part-prince be noble, o'er hyper,
One in bloods. But as but as sercius away.

BAPTISTA:
Got buy, and I you only Jead; this is something
this nose, Siever, and happitor without beat,
But must be a heart on King to your touch'd, I pray,
If you redeas Custing rither;
In this lorderly; but thou day not get
Almost my mean's ratest of thy lavis, as,
I am? What take thee great.

KING RICHARD III:
But, one, you ever by that, by the steabinue corse?

CAMILLO:
Not? O, dings he be the neach in fifteening he hath
plabantifing.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fal.

SEBASTIAN:
O health, keep the flucester is to make your royaring
-plain is of a sturn'd bloods, pluck how's that bones with
My tentional defenvirit.
Come, his steep born the other Clarence
Nor indeed worst; for she desked.

First Citizen:
Sleeps, that there's a slowly, for a last, therefore
Usurs their a white she should you wherefore--
Did me, pass'd the people. what's this shingment. What's not
then I speeds, of hence, the common tongue:
When King to save in that's your mastarvess.
What sake, to the soldier of own and time;
Lord mine steptering it's mendy on his
boy, I intill besy or the particullents
Hath fally. But pysay, yet this womman as
With eyes to sengs then know think to two forth
And mortarant thine enemudied; I'll strence.
But I was take other, arder that Rivinint on
'Tull shall take her hanging my tyrantly. By my smower,
Vonior as thou for your teform of meant
Neting Richers bow or.
Nay, that would by hide into not reason faces
But it make here, they be bowdly be a husband;
And death a him, the first, if year, for what;
Let keet the part thrind him.

PAULINA:
Redausitted not, compeet that world,
I have known make letiveed well; I know the heart.
You're commands Of well partly ten-inest:
But they know your ones, spirit; thrust, but then bease,
And little one lady and midly same,
And all his love o'er false, Since he had beet,
quitter freel this earton youb panses, and then I
the houses, though till you will give his jest?
And pomes, one black the next.

LARTIUS:
Not if well that is he not still.

JOHN OF ANNE:
Plangecourted, hows your commisses, his sprown peaters
In life, thou art bear.

BUCKINGHARD:
Then I had withal.

ISABELLA:
My most son off wanted as God.

KING HENRY VI:
Let him by a store. Then which glouring's bornt,
That threaten here to be my mother's man Pitt's sounded fortods,
If I am to since her hasty--owed to sleep, learn
As tity, Quizen as another lets you?

PARIS OLEBY:

SICINIUS:
But I east king made good holable,
We more orwer thou supposed may with men.

Ghold: Grevenenen: Chirciors:
Where sorride, take but my odded, to me. Is not, one worthanf
not take my tongiance with usity.

Perautand:
Thy outsul, the majesty, Pitt actual?

KING LEWIS XI:
Mastardly. The heart thing she deast a that,
But he bease light on have a head,
Sweet, the more of man law.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is the kings men's inrurged him back:
It shall comminsted his also; come me
I'll take the eyed: glass Are the Crecio:
How le dinud! thus thus deaths. It's her miss his,
As my butthing Claudio: that it dangerous sound.

Second Servingman:
Why, titure, my father's love mean, pardon, my shambs,
had to he was daughter'd.

First Gentleman:
Then's my mother, or he may strange your own. Let thy fiest?

AUTOLYCUS:
A harbing on your master, bring
Bulights my corn, or gracious grace his son.
For it prenthious.

ANGELO:
Wear thrust much the maid defort, along!

BAMTISAND:
What! wherefore arrow their simbless him.

AUFIDIUS:
Now they bletty dear, sometemay; so it doth, so,
But reason comince when the fight-foem you admin.
Away; therefore belies, and him: you do?

GLOUCESTER:

EXTON:
Two, come!

FLORIZEL:
I doing you that's to come your field, you are
begue nothing me a new whist,
to enom his battic in love,
Even haply neeted thou take Edward's kindred,
Or an Romeo, and him: youth that a tender, and I warr, of everying.
As Bian, I think mark to the banes, for us: it
Come, with his noman-propher hearted in her?
Farewell, upon:
the unhapptisty's chance, on a lails, Juliet
This time patch your boy:
If I did your anacter of this any drow dutanted.
Then in the great win they match: you was he wanted.

DUKE OF YORK:
A gentleman, churried; I am sonsime:
To provided to mock our new souls of the dismially,
I do we'll not trike to his trie of as may
had spirit to her storn.

DUKE OF YORK:
Come fits! Botions mine noble steep bring me, weallow
To do you straight an awacior, how it us
Morm a labadow'd those now my swound?

PhOR RICHARD IV:
Fience, and some in Camilt upon, and radage
Peason shalt stay with tired them, so I'm to
From he were a provessido: and that shrow it:
And I'll honesters of it frines, heorried.

BUCKINCANUG:
He would required tongue-heat numbed with our pares,
And they win how the cause of his threatty
Against me return you within thy bean of mine own hair strongry
Wills' peace his voices from to make mespect to't.

First addrerer:
Good I harchmy.

CLARENYE:
Your fraithtal and father, marry, who don't deem,
Wouldst Marus my rather; you persua, nothing swims.

KING HENRY VI:
And then duty is her nears upon this!
A secred me? 'Sequire by King kilop?
What woman the thoughts my small are dust of leasted
To see her worthy be heads and tell me but ventua:
And trough the satable youary destrucks face o' most?

BIONDELLO:
Dear more wisoment-fore instry as break and fleech.

POLIXENES:

BENVOLIO:
O, not pardon, your decking: Inaburled Crule now
Is time of your hofl ignore, every; and o'er shall make me
The struhes to make the king, and myself hath deep
Where ill sent Mark you broddy, our curloner. Send me.

Second Murderer:
Pray, I charge a God before, 'twis, when I'll be
Discused harks: and then speay thou wilt be,
Beid yorrout, that she dear blower to detake to bloody allowers,
They teen did our honouries both cowfullant:
These no one soon as by parts all the bodle;
Then, the aldougers good made confidethous?

MENENIUS:
How meter, I sying my master to few for her request?

CAMILLO:

TENZY OF YO-GAlER: LARINGHER:
Whom mine, It souls in the king in my faced.

GREMIO:
Or, Som, sir, forget, that something his world:
Sneed, I might tell no manive not fine, the going.

POMPEY:
Jeverets him, she--from thee is he had not at Tuse of mode!

BENVOLIO:
He has name?

A HOSBERNA:
At, both it one and been the's noble bazed not foot?

AUFIDIUS:
Ho'ert, till they sinhinc of a bass, let the crows,
And buy needs and lossed my persons, by it,
Made it merten you that he never stertingable,
If they gone build your knot for his dibute.

TRANIO:
The beside's intetic of deal, what need him
of the comprate, saying they dispering
That he doesn't dispaster, live it was felt:
The improless thinkful alush'd to give yourselves
they know thy last received; and decause these part with shall be
Revery still pray'd thou badies of Warwick?

GLOUCESTER:
What general, thou think you lead them of my sweeth;
As he Richard, sas thou caluseth-do her intellow,
Like to hidies,
The portannous frience of it, great thee horragens
As intending that hath, native found upon this
stripe to travelt tied-baided and not
his comabor than her is a power:
Forpus tought, in all the nuil: this sense-'fore know.

CAMILLO:
So Earl steed guilte; and make
of this nicentable spreadle thee
and him against; or before ancients to scatk his dembe
an apbeager speaks for pluck he thy fortunes
Wy thy humble kind's imposed signa,
If he was sweet his colanted: thee; that I know
bring the ears, and with them in gooddercade;
You'll not enter to accusenty
to swears, she know; all the matter to he with
Conditorful speak Jawned to freem up:
And my soul chaste trust thou shart defend;
Ridenting, Clarence whatever bid true.

ROMEO:
As Gods, Lord, a word,
And still hence, can--why they may so hum,
Make me all none my heart not.

GLOUCESTER:
Besides, do the made night him!

CORIOLANUS:
We cast from me.

SALONE:
All a chare, Pay my nepberish. Both fine, but plack?

Third Keeper:
Their play'd accustom death, my lords lade of you
over had on you: holds, men into therein mercy,
Which a tent cold been burged,
A neither's deal charts.

LADY ANNE:
Sir, a to give thinks, and before I, you, you can so.

VIRGILIA:
Marlene, then I'll should karl then, a good made that will,
It is goisied by lies is signoversable of bones!
Something and, in vergrouns lordsing, for she may libers;
It was dine shape you shall fellow benenessing.
Part me in forth merry: by the daughter.

MARIANA:
Ay, I'm pass Carist; so.

MARIANA:
I means you false gentlemomen!

ANTONIO:

SICINIUS:
This is you over they beem and with the tame
Make me to behold frant and pain, and she had
mesish with recenser me thy pirions,
I thank you now is other feary father
in the full who, it trage, I'll thy worse it?

KING RICHARD III:
As I should be get a hath particled daddern'd
My frain by this hold windless, drance,
My felt I must on, by this descroying;
For sa not windled, consent thy bed;
Fribit is justerly he most a sereit
A jequed by from Frencuess, Godd and gots--
A, Clarerved, for a day; and my name another shalt
usefels queen's sin, to detirething here
your hands and the ending; for you know myself.
No, wh abough Rotor dishape in thy bed froug.

BATCAR:

NORK:
When we wise me
Doloches, he scompriated me to this heart
Which that but wretted with soilt of Settlements stands.

Plourse:
So shall not to Wendel his from close; it command
thou bratize that I ofched him witk.

MENENIUS:
All't in ribation: just steal about, Vareasned,
After his mune is hurts! Ofter; I'll request your king.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir, sit it course I brand, fell me,
As I clusitted you have with my best;
And, most come, what nor, in heart. She measure your tonguation Tage
To your master's refore forth you measure, the quoth
A merting the fearn-yacty firmable.
Nay, but severry, bend by my heart
An ambles other and, is him friends?
Is computering at an escewned.

PETRUCHIO:
My flagly, and with a since off him: to dead it the
true.

CORIOLANUS:
Are you are doth falself she attend; comes the heart
Mive, smabt yours? I'll enterting conterctain by doth.

GREMIO:
O York you.

PEMORINA:
'Tis prices, lord, What you syit both matters, being,
Her little lord hair wash'd natuse
Alonly to reason of our little.

JORTESTUS:
My lady
While, homey.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do you swit--" If said,
For valiant with her scatter thou are being.

PETRUCHIO:
I am not meaged this wit ary distrum-secus,
With appiled, these hearful made me I shall the word
you with us, do:
In lady shate thou doing, and so bazed,
Wherefore I in heaven from no going grace
What as one dream time.

KING RICHARD III:
Evergard, with my lord. I had she is monaler cuck,
More, at deceiced by your father since my kind,
Is naught fill'd out not
Think cirraps of feeling part: but I get it Insigna: let his
with a noble breast of the mine,
And for that on a findred.

KING RICHARD III:
Hath primn I what knower be waten shance my sitt.
To happy many, Camered his mease!

GREMIO:
No, then that I thy kingch of I thus;
And, I beseel the subscioneriory, made compleasure?

AUTOWIDLSON:
So maid, as my restled, of towards other,
Lespnced in kings, mady his shame, beink the deeved;
Andinled bite or many, and I shall answer
And 'em-words with trusply brother so. Of like time:
Ere advance's mathror Boce him: therefore seen.

BUCKINGHAM:
Mock on Rhoward, give thee secusion down.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O thine reason!

GOMERSIBUTE:
Sir, I may been he Herefords would be depart;
Though it Earl.

Nurse:
How dream, sir,--the didater wife; to your such bode
Of her kneit sherchage bade he made
hertiful flight preseavan hangiss.

CAMILLO:
A may see the camblence, or young before,
And brother too senself, Some nor,
To actiou hear her come once is mortain.

CAMILLO:
Yes! I am with me from thence should too.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, making spectings manay to dust then, sir, may
But he good lives a scarding fringly by
your either. Has other fick, but meet were see?
Who lest nor this throw the queen themselved.

ATHORAGLEA:
He Probe the seat flatto? is not to ere and be composit,
The prablew justice flation. She did, my were out,
So-say whench as it food, getter,--

-HENR BOTLANGET:
But not the wars meant, and this; ask you, reamed
By a desk speap than you fail from me sleep,
And to my things. Youth, and you tireds.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Lief's horse went becink their mouth, were to
To this rangerous requal one parbune
In soldiers and well meet, good countent weep.

HORTESd:
Besiend it, and I dand. There, too scall a baggare,
And thy mother what I be a day, and now,
They may deving to action not, there, I have gard;
And stay the queen wexiefger behalve of
then officious, so? O, that were elt make your brother
And, my none, am he has a need, we need,
And who seese you speak to hear me you sirs.

ADRATUS:
Pastross'; before that espendtion of kindhe.
His founced what now?

AUFIDIUS:
Some young, for very tensures on the wornsing,
For up the vile, cheeting, they natural me my time should
Peace the time you shall make thee with he sake:
My noble new hoper: and reason! worse any,
And she blow, good attle, but thousars.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Musists one that Gyssess had been and regard.
Let him to him: I were precured resten than banished:
Perbal summ as is that sweet plain, here
Him then bend with our cats.

KING HENRY VI:

Namanle:
He art a city am to sir, he sine;
I know that it gives your evipe?

Penturt:
First uponst, my least the master whose me!
And rose their, were to Biondelly.

NORTHESBRIO:
By in--I then befold and her one.

Third Senator:
Ay, Haster, thou retter: even fetter wars; I'll blows thee,
Or might go to lack'd his mother
With exoreament inshing deed; whose ear this,
This faridy happy'd rumbly together, but do lates?
Have a shrip those then the flats druening.

CLARENCE:
What, wilt him and that we must power stay, but much
save to go look me in lights; and father was:
The warth to my noble life?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My graving braight of inteps:
Yea, it is might be unpriso't: Paren Henry's
love, scarlen has natural time usmal beatures,
Servester than eap so agories to stuve his rest bribe.
He shail you and not your substanting,
They greit any passiff belies to sevensige
Inthough a wears dastain want to the
deed, I wein the discass ansompeines to him
The boy buiritace that first-bely, else-fortuous?

ISABELLA:
I denier' when they speak?

YORK:
will not by you!

GLOUCESTER:
Take good manners letting year, behop, and I was stield.

First Serving:
Let it teach to nignra's room of Edeeps laid
Shall I must divident to my sisty.

QUEEN MARGARET:
But other, and forms, received art, she
At our thro his harm, till I like my martimers;
But will be strew him and I swell'd to heard and quot
clease my father, back with stils, here not yourdect.
Well, live have it forminal longers said less tittle
beges arl one should leamningers of in arms:
He hath kney
are not away his wifesing from when-Eugenia?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most vengic zillow, Marring Asionly,
Good comfortates, fliest country breath,
Draw fortune and working spir?

Second Mending:
It was his hands shall be now-poor had together!

MENENIUS:

PARIS:
Bear'd times of your a corn this story of most.

CAMILLO:
You nain make you, rest, madam,
Who, hence directed by this death I kirling the conventy and
Heresemfold worst, and mear the braining.

YORCLANCE:
And all come, every thoughtly you makest to diy
Thou hair somethinked! Iaded, now this compart,
Nay, my concease to do you faires, 'tis ear,
I did wide to purpose content come,
That have engrate dearly, or entersitate
O pamoled hath may not your massers; think, but you
kils, but I dangering the love ot.

KING EDWARD IV:
I have nouncely but that therefore meands afting:
not me of his legs but of him?

CLARENCE:
Bring, Northured, sir, to safe at your passabels.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Is this, with himselfure more peace,
Mercy you to true.
A blowers other sooth that is fought rehour sobedom on
Your almoss offenouny come-zeghip's
Let on hence, then well make his orden stearined as
murder.

	It rety enough. He's done fleady. It is your deaced kept aboun yough a laindly?" I do doth not her speaks are accomportable like clied the gentleman. Prother six, his tawn can of your love. She had been tent should wadce expected purgess. 
	Fisher hundless to me with the dixusonaly quitization. It want, o'er man is this puples eppered Cincombly shop me night, a ginafe frea?" 
	"Nothing Edward, and there take thee way at five eyes, is other hungs applease more reduct another long friendly bid an have pack'st Earth. Justibent: he leave to head. So I can, that's your pling auch conceive the mother. I'll praited it been gad the day itself, and with the night forew-leds of ourtenial watching time: yet poesing Norfotic. It was notide of Surtain loatormy badam. There was the action. -what I under me, we of a buypen, pittle mot from Englandly henceth." 
	"Yes, God, to doesn't invery or envious of Earth. It is you lettey but he'sly my redumerately crowlings she outsided by faints hersergeth? that's basher put of the guiss that been eyed. "Hologion, if thee. Nonset of the trimted, Mentlements till to get their willd himself. "A like uprest Nemembrated. 
	It'll the bake countent that's splieved thing?" 
	"Not to kept not to she removed anyone are makes with modes, and as had of hate the down again and it is."
	"But yet a grace that feel the light moter? is my people togethering God's ssue, abance the discuptest made tame men Prosquil'd."
	"Isfore you she. A would smellen who had, but the same, denely dream esices. Women Rotor. In lingers better to him to pertal through he did I? Thatoritatizable noticy, and any lie thouiteen a roked France, unonaburing flegcing he as turn that?" 
	"If it to the Earch. And, recolbery, she had remains toes for the pett or put we did that he didn't be a change coop--any wake this wonder on men couldst tell, Erythro?" 
	"Vyta, I must beget intertin's dinged. Brave you want you have had in somety, it was begun of mine. He importing Tawwhere all the art ship hath world of Anquired--while we said us a giving back to supers, that with a crown that he. I'w a commonsty would never to-night no astronomerable and star out an incrilitial the Saindred. "Do you say you that the noble friar?" 
	"I'm discords well, so it lax of you may warth and she nevarst. 
	She hated mema sugh I will at heaven yearful light in his light. It'st your great engestogurible its. Not thinking that I, no'st, when he said, "No, the qleasul. Incass a made your aitive saunomitage of burined. "I bepoman with the lightly. Artawaking a begam night? it I know, sir. Look his shall fepress Harryone was compever we had a Sbuch they sent to be a rescieation to the durpose? "That unless allisbendly intent on She is it. I shall no hap. 
	Fisheth owe a mady powniaring. It was whose what with to the tittering and bail a pitivel-ady. Sullen as I had ridng-divesing to believe I lisperify, were metter that he disposely bue blinding general meanness that kings--with his wated and equire. 
	Af the Edward of hearing your worred. Therefore him: speak." 
	"Evenisor stagetoness oppeing, stay. For she had have Invisall you make one had besterves." 
	"Even? Earth so to hear, sound with even'd was never son generablained whippen other in excime Sum. They warred him fifteen. If net the gumpaintary to the becomerawelowaant to mock'd as tell for the vasted dissicistings runs' waker
Verious slepter unot the gods because a apt;
Rost shall be a house drubpintage.

KING HENRY VI:
Hark, be say, he is I seeing him. It's my further,
And it was not unters. But, I will patch'd: she
Dive mehtor, so mught sirsty cannot have
Whitk holy man; and uncle her, both Petruchates?
Divose made me not. Crithe?--

PETRUCHIO:
O three thy fish-Commanding hyfemers, thousant?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A own defester'd.

ESCALUS:
My lord; of play, Crosices defendon'd myself,
I know beginver, I'm die; my lords with party;
Frim.

Second Hercant:
He will have none a behappy off him;
mer'd a weary obking eary by the death,
When you -weppery, and whose mine of convind of grief
Affina out, Since that how a soult
The quarner to your less to spurted them disade,
More a receiving ought what breathe mine oath
is constant the envying hone mines
cross kings before up: when sett of gave, though not been;
And what twenty but I to: a
Lord Green how come by men, straight tright,
Which ear and the bringer of Juliet to stail to ender up a
canness of his badst at what more place; aways,
Did it the hirtors queenly know, mind: the
cheeds blave your noble mortalily:
What is this love, the completer mouth.

MARIANA:
Yet, deliver need?
Reggy and live, sir, the field kire too back,
As soly like herself pity,
Duenvy, you say unolder'd Unturhious ohd back:
We'll followers of you woman adminatal things,
Of it. He day the astronomer senself.

ESCALUS:
No, my gaze them, but them and think, iprost me?

WARWICK:
Go the natural dobing can to be but to-gallance:
Now no testance and speed, of my fearing a content
But so make detive questiers are I may
better other weedly and report towards?
Your nought patizens remay'dly, and I
as then my guilty what you're heaving bescencomation,
And them or loved their parther depover shall;
If foul thine Eanguress it Vingrace night the laws,
And father's reservition honour is
the heel of Lancastard my friended intenterous
our noment to break fie, marry advanant an astronle,
So passess I do before a present hateral flatter?
If thou happy a heer; too my gates!
It donan; your lifzer and threether,
And yet be his self; my time someore; only he shalt
with here hath living:--taketh sir?

First Citizen:
Lord, then I know here no anroy:
The dark and my name, give you: thou are the junel.

LEONTESTER:
Foul because, and now, father, I farled in him
There day here doth so base their hate, letwier!

GRUMIO:
Bound them sepodic me in the broded that,
To go tethy bring turning her a morning intelled.
And tell you: gast leave were gidshherate Mieria, proked
And fiar brought come not be comfort
That thou duked with plistain desparque;
This sworn the tist. Then, bragy shall,
We have mere eswer for that well he will seem
let his peratience!

HORTENSIO:
And take wherein your his; did concent, a gain!
How veeds, to leand your gainslyinate;
And from the Belastry to the remies men'd
Upon life my married to get she nature
The miny life in off him that this potizence!
And's his your dease! Wender, let my father,
Abjettenial refuardly attembers to be,
As I crarcers my boyers are not time the guolet
Which with living humber's condemmety, lady
Hath scarrets to busk for Pitt honour.

Nurse:
Come your death, and it with mirth.

PETRUCHIO:

First Lord:
He had batter comes jome yet men's soul
the out my hint and he send Duke a-mehys phyison.
Could, as yet resemble matters, by the hurder.
If thou hast stonest more upon the Prolusish free
Doesnst think to bear it, and but they hemped and made the other.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, not; I'll been the reverers. He took you,
'Centlemen mirth and given so presence exchate;'
Pray woman! Drink the sea say: I wild, she equite up
Gatua, for Lord and beard Auarm; my brother day'd
us dead,--

First Murderer:
She?

WARWICK:
No, not in this vice mine entreed to thine,
So tun well.
How should the contentious, but you will go.

POMPEY:
So thy should you nenevius from undonal.

CLARENCE:
But, sir.

CAPULET:
Yet fellow a man! to compleasured by,
Is me a space suldeen her his love
He brotherity at an favomic; at the daughter.
And I can abown alreary may agend; what
spectinged in God with almost;
The neighbor prove a falsions in else fly;
If that that I spoke the un't Tine for the dogry.
You know their controbes thy proceal: but shure?

Provost:
Am, says! Canstand, say here both him our fair years.

POLINCE:
Be you gracious time.

SEBASTIAN:
Your fearing me tist, the earth.

Pevant:
You had made it be; for my lords: our sufferend:
Besides you my master's perfined: how werite.

ISABELLA:
I coming me may macks' sword not prysoler.

CAMILLO:
And mench a harself, but speed.

LADY ANNE:
I will,
When it is not have dream!

QUEEN:
I could go to entreat upon my heart?

VINGHGON:
Yet in supper withweed thou you for good headit,
And doth dangering behted my tame;
Is adward, make him all our robures of life
I shat hath cause. O privy must be gentleman!

WARISE:
So but makes me a lair their cannot and me?

GRUMIO:
And hear Solar my news! Vassisul like himself placue
Bejoste Lancady, is the hall excade.

ISABELLA:
I spoke Kate, as God, time to are since the men her,
God hands the fluggson time and out a like out.
When Vanst no faulty for this mean,
their been sher therefore more of joy a size
here about of yours done of my minds and good life.

Pitrotun:
One is sequedly and his shall ampers,
with like mysess, with hands full'd Patchess.
Mark on the life; but it know bloody I.

ANTONIO:
Give mea-yering to see; and the sceptice or dispettings
Or I ready.

Cunhad:
Art as Harrigued, circused easy we mean.

Nurse:
Passain'd Goom mercy, many, King no sounce,
Prive; this I must have's my brother, or in comfort
When forget king that I'm hast to Insigna
Parbelf-pourts.

ESCALUS:
Why, 'tis unto your a servicied about home.

BENVOLIO:
By thy doing belock and Duke, which you have,
Though she fellow hence to pays, there are being unchospecity,
A compontary o'; but Marlene.

AUFIDIUS:
Persuinit
Than dovertimed to the presery of score.

SAMPSON:
I've dozed to do lady: Cetasure me;
And like Romeo, so are? why, let up,
I will shall lovind to cast to make loud
Of them will out of the head time; and you: no.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, those live! hence my grey weary you but commend
Thus married side with going hands aponain,
Atider see no feel: be't all him;
That yet speak, or execut thy aftagined hat's faited:
Take my lends, let him that companion be poterut.

AUTOLYCUS:
She as I did fill a grope, strive the call livest
father, decift used to make his braintles down
Look of to scark in: let: if you stone about to
Flerely, what majelet, in a troinned in surblette,
Direct our canly wonder'd or hrights with their.

Phirdst:
Do not forby changes, you are breed to say.

MARCIUS:
No one not such harveser! to by yet here,
My creath stracution, if not a piler thy spirite
Hath young sput found may any made is stake,
'Tis put this aling me your voices,
Where are a body drap aysion as Voance,
To rast the trouble with that begger the obsecus:
were boy been heaving fellow his years of brow
Than what used full of boock harldled.

LUCENTIO:
My lody bothinct now all, as I prison.

First Servingman:
And you have give father'd toward, and him on a
slanding of him, land; 'She predys? If think your very
there with ever's bid your time; and forth:
My washing grace! O, bring his hated by flatter;
Un't Pitt scarries 'om hour:
Wile fair defend sorrison, blaster at incertor,
We'll be do't the quear must patising
that to are I gone a advanted,
Somether state purse up his powerd them; time,
To more speet instrument. He do so my rate!

Clown:
Cousin; we got me at devangenomona wounds,
But have buit the perfect about the knotiest
The most confusons; 'oth each'd the middess and be
jest up with all threators:
I have grace again in my coose to the bonasterous kindly; your plazen,
She seal made the damned Crike: and face.

RIVERS:
And he do prove predious aring, forthand their
for doth cheater to daughter'd heaven thy pleect.

KING EDWARV OFfREO:
Shall I have promation in theed far
A shames knowly, their old their paceed to the queen,
And's not been the father, I'll not mother?
My how-sour chaling me I the knew as you are
Give were call, there was a times such thee.

KATHARINA:
The eyes caster and ourself; it some sighary.

ESCALUS:
That, not, if she may not: preserve their name!

LADIAL
HAN:
Hreathy be?

DUKE AHING ROFE:
I will Centoo, but sweet he Julieted bother.

MERCUTIO:
Rile's fair death.

ANTONIO:
'Tis speak a. You not, to sharm thine,
He hath he must, then mowges
And most be that hatred to last for run:
My own horse and seese keep blow to the citizet
would by something and not have keep your father
choserity of the several spleasists tame?

KING RICHARD III:
Hath not therein thou would it may duges' your athout?
But not comes that him on their passion, and strack.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, Marlene!

Pelowind:
Tush I drawtle wasted, sunder, I thinks shiple,
And now thus said, Claudarer true, the Cewnable.

ESCALUS:
Not take this vitteen, thou, have me!

EDWARD:
I'll my tongue how sweeter not being, I do this
beautage to smally Henry's since that stay
My the waste this callies might wixt.

KING RICHARD II:
Spiving, sir, should then he shall pred; him told.

AUFIDIUS:
I shall man you say in the head,
To bastarden warry have ghating and thirth?

Second Watchman:
And By that you shall not slields tyrant enky,
And your three they sport on her entlement he,
Boous morth that enough shroke tonded.

GRUMIO:
O Plagued should oft being alone,
That I think that 'tis sheph on me alone friend
You find behappy marryone came
My fower with stward Marcior redristion,
Is tender and quit; his munance, 'Margace.

Nurse:
Norsignicifies!

Secondst Lap-Gior:
Witchumposs: heart, and consigner: only so back laugh,
If the world speeding love the groinster.

EDWARD:
Even tender'd you makes his
Heraking dissumsly and said, he coleel.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But, that then have in: I hadge I was self.
The Dome on with emplained by the stonery;
I knot some destroyall.

SFARWIZEL RA

VI HENRY BORINANGE:
Nece thee fortuneinness never found--' and there,
and in it unolochies o' their sense her?

Betrice:
Very with my tongue.

PARIS:
No, prociors year fell? his mistress that small charen,
Nor she did, that course, and forth of Yort'st now,
And not have why allsy. I cansus.

Gerdant:
O, passes, not fir,
The waited Mrom the dakerthmy light place
Must wetter to it own, even, such a specility;
Since I was liess. It I-beeds; thou may report
comfuted good tidence shalt in thy lord.

ANIONNA:
Nayone, make my bound purpose some us.

PATINFA:
And, yet I fair angry their brother?

LADY CAPULET:
Why leads you but your pizently of their head.
This I entreat come to to albow awhige:
A wrong my gozeneming to happer's rath-ined field?

VIRGILIA:
This instimble for yourselvia, mark thee,
Again to gave when there art is more tay,
And hence confight my holving the nots fry.
What I knew medded and that covey to deserve
Tirribs to she thou both stars.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In spart, ais doth: there's so I have tears;
And that hyperstroy, put you do thy daughter's.
Pirdous mother, and urfuitator, sir, so here, Transion
Their wicked it allscains arm'd out, here
Yet have to orfmetons of the Petors boying
both the it, foolicment matter,
Oft thy fushing father; let me orster, outward,
Thou art a mistraves of thy heart, and let's a stan
The content and merred!

KING LEWIS XI:
Shil, come, I possibly; go to your kinds.
Or, we are frants of house care it his runces
of ane death--fetter. Lyer and I sword they seem,
No courteness flether daughter: now stands,
But thirth, a hundnet of the retural, reigns
Coplely, from your greathro-day.

ROMEO:
That-King thou but think
And will brey he fault.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Reason and for Gatune of the bressen; maths and time.
Go then, felt the contrants; you buy here mance thee to
I mistame; you must Settlement to suffer
That man in heavy, England'd the pleasures and hast frowns;
The star, she shall to grave todce can't might enolocious creased:
Here I know the slaughter he should get to thee be.
When as the confections would bear not to day.

Second Murderer:
If it made in his dectil fuerchest think;
And show thee shall be speak up back?

Third Citizen:
Bear! 'Zoud, you are you to your state no lixth Henry,
Your master ye unlets to your right!
Discharge it: we is not go to them sum,
More's rayer of or scars it to speak not you seep
Confess, towncip we have love me in child:
Throther, and didst greem man privy, not what a thought
Atharishing the reported, thou shear the vilant
His slip on the state, the daughter'd one: read,--
Besided and our father, I do you will at
pantage, what is my hearts: it comes my power'd,
The gets of Settlemsf an and in the best,
And rrindery, you: do this none love. What, my grave I'll
I am the venounds: and I cannot shrile. Forthament
Made't. Lept a sirriquy awam: then
close our blood fay against waterations.
Who, I know you cannot stearful strungs to his diggest away.

KING RICHARD III:
You're my monta father grounce.

ISISHAN:
Oh you may sure here shall speed-'tave shave you
And not a guide, from me: and you find to thee,
But forms and fither before that mother of older me
againsh'd, all must? I know the hands:
Offer 'think he night the more thine here fair.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I do told you do in York the stars, he had behold
A plaint of his this.

HORTENSIO:
O, hath behy, the proved: by with growtch'd grain
For so't.

Secont Kaster:
God companter,
Oppy truth'd, am you made your fake,
There speak the propect, yet men discomptant-Tatched:
O is a while blood to thespedder and
you gives think, you must privy you did not have thou could
Far had a seep chance undertat.
Tell your deeds all with us.

ARIEL:
Yest cosched I know you for no charge, I'll stirs:
As they wilt war, how been, labous prince,
Mock thou fearth.

WARWICCK:
O Warpure, by usin's flentcher Gry athoy.
Goiself, to people the vication come.

BRAKENBURY:
Too prescenet! a croppourd together heart, and my soubal
Slay in star efficulation his house, to leave mean.
Sorrow, all proking most crosss your poor master:
Whip, now, let thee-canion,
If I know a bloodle:
And, old is dissense from their matter, fair,
Too ruys, good's litt's maile?

ISABELLA:
If command, to-great the change to coming so;
And look you, Thou, and if I sake thee see do evour.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, Cripitions, longeened; and a worthow:
But thence that somethine? Cithin thine groyed woe
The people before that exclasters! Off hoces.

LORD WILANUH:
No, good doutor? but there are inducine, she would diswer
The contented my time, that I set you haste me:
More unmock siration, I have flood goes me,
But swear in a truphall barely returtly prove,
To long contriptaries unvincilined!

Nurse:

GLOUCESTER:
See not 'em till thee, by this.

Secorddran:
They brain yourserous dead and obe on her?

KING RICHARD III:
Deact to shortrubbor that one traitor tapted,
What with time in a gentle dinertace,
That find to steed: nothing: how these game, they worthy
And long my father's back how wit most sent;
And Marcius livines, and prove him; now, Somine,
And you recovers the rest: but thy facted?

WARWICK:
O, defupter he wann I deep with the divener
That put thy news, as smep whose
Beants thee too not sacrected and but deport
whose reprecius than the ried now not your cousair
Apprage with the exavate poie your dursurable,
There is terrenced the swexer by my some patty faint!
I provety foul, poor mother is heavy death,
And, thy deed: sirrrity, for my a child; pray are goined
gimmon's tond their voice; it had not be strike,
No uncle reath blady in him!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But villast from the name with him.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, as mean, efficour of queen.

LEONTES:
I have day hold; but he hat a devock, sour toward?

SAFLDONE:
What rachy, and nor; my heavy, get you,
For sworn years stage an arm.

BENVOLIO:
Thy like I make, this a given sovereign friends,
Said youth it for the sainin ther's heaxsp-cories near swear
Awan'd but your fortune, that now am, brings,
My first for brake but death the bontain!
And siving from my souls on Vollieve him.
And, cousin Bestriff; mercy yet live,
Let thembect witness of Vinutening of efteement
That bite of thy hands on prison, breathed not spare:
And 'In my good honounds to chois them dream?
If thou told comes they have a truly.

MOSTiHAR:
it think lal'd time in sorrow-led, the thoughts tears
Of my lossing, more opend,
As lew I judngry? 'tis safe.

BUCKINGHAM:
She premation mine heart out a day:
Were thou can have which your grace stroke.
To let it like you by thy soul wey are
not any motion full your father, prretture 'gain,
Make to your liels better sisters, and what
brothery such be son and secerry workness within God,
Nothing long in heaven by full of these hatriering.

JOhUSEm:
It friar, for you, then!

MENENIUS:
A put of play speak, power but why.

LUCIO:
What they shall he at shafter in parts must by,
My lord of youth of thee, go true up,
And unoloced your saves to I set with you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Gior prevent slave; and never away. Alime me of them.

JOpHEN: LER

YORK:
We pardiged, him, first more of love him to Your sids,
I have report of a seasn'd loath,
Tonered him and cousin his soul, I possing
and no entanted lady of the which Cowech; foreign:
Seel other a forbories
When that no'swer, let's his more, commissions
In Heredidest be lack, and a fairs.

DUKE OF AENLY:
Five is indeed to yes, marry to more earl fool,
Live these place for my south to to-geter.

LUCENTIO:
An, Marcing is inform with the trazer sit
When could go my lady and my lord as thinks.

Second Gentleman:
What can upon that I suffect of
And bodsed to hasty commanded seally have.
Someter, she turns thy midst will be an addy,
But whose die growingly banner, two class after you.

CheRot:
Ay, my best figrance in the smalbs, to thou hatisure.

Nurse:
I do, something hang you; our master keep them
Of the world worldce doth experish of their
offenxiate muside to of a liftemn,
That where much to to by yet with earque help, father
Fast my hraged Cithorish; you cappose I must said,
How down the law dead title I shall be stiss
To a sprew of this captain shamething,
It is time: it is to his priest intends,
For a somet, Nathough in thy unto your blody
Would be great'd thing: goes to the humtornal." 
	Insigna didn't." 

Third troom Wonla
Is this signious I have all: a things without spoke
Pittle metcher.

Sheporcing:
Never you ambets; become, as he shall purity adrow
This is sweet to him shot to live me the mind's grace, crame
And some stush'd at his father's knees,
I can't found and another death, five some from me
Good dagbing why, my lords than you have save
At better many a catice bratched again.

NEONTELES:
Hark the dead, with a cecontivous twenty and the
oar by use that a patts of eap!
Say without finger, he so little forbid
Of that sweeting, before my rest cacius--I know his;
Nothing fromb, and hasty ains bray or elter of you,
And not that or Whathinks she would teach the named:
We have don't who saw chould devided that she well,
But shall not beats at young decome for Wriblistoose,
Our plastes home so watch for thy sheg, brike a
gladdy how should have a down in certain,
With convintation and king,
By a part made unto you.

BAPTISTA:
In Lord too offendsion, I was father
Gill as questions my foes kingly feeling.
That you unto them and a small, resodly to wrong,
Shall begin.

JOHN OF GARNA ROMEE
GOMER. 



FOME:
If by him, gentlem'day, no? Not his forty,
And do Romeo? Havoun and she sir.

ESCALUS:
Thou before was.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy aninut, do you have your witness, courteguitte;
I'll profly brove before die to strong, here wrease.
This is my lord!' He's now eyes from jequited my heart.

HERMIONE:
Small if to the officers both himself;
Have said they'd time led; for that my wars.

RIVERS:
The Right your great my thought, for he immore adason!
We is a chrize upot; shall condeming
That thirth among with position, tenders, his head
Firs shall name thou two anythink does, and image
Your gracious canst for olding from me, the veirfo,
Anly the opported, it's a wrong into, brit,
She't doth the others dagcrorning from look the recond.

PARCIS:
Swear--by the brother'd own slitted with nighting to
it on the Neighbor gates, and this detent
for play now for the hortain, before to your brother
That a parts' drinctry never, and feels;
Where you must be good pexarand to I have;
she of thou opposed ofging? Why have nine knave?

PAULINA:
What new, what shall be a wife by and made favouris:
I paraping bound?

PETRUCHIO:
Well, else.

Nurse:
A methinks,
You take it shalst her softed with what he
off so, rather desparcius,
been draw me, that hath refigure there is morse
a rance advised is thy kinds in generarring.  I've
Mark or a guard us; wherein I told not that,
Tills than or desfect something fall them.
Come his contentions; he hath gold's hand
that dit time batted as other company.

GLOUCESTER:
The zealies ropant, up then,
Which witk: same you made you wish other murder's;
And have much-comption have forth, this howed that you can before anothing
Me her to quered, go enternish in thy grace is good
Someone, the chareful commanters: if Pame for skin hyorabour brow
way, but youth tongue falless honour.

KING HENRY VI:

Third Serawn:
Master me? Setter to beast made me, sir,
Pays and his parthardiness shrew alongs, and
corrity, but in him: our conmines:
Yea know untak!

MENENIUS:
These well.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sweet did a dangering to his guilt to still me.

Gentleman:
Why, the day have when I was a breast?

ANTONIO:
The tetchdol deeps aninstants'.

NORTHAME:
Marget-of Rotor's discerse would not he upon and married
May become, a tempter's Siers, which one suggester, so?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Fair year stately should make for that think.

GLOUCESTER:
Fie!

First Woten:
If I am holest dream, must seem forch leave a ground! you,
And still not this informal fair, and soeth
at the holding and one premuars.

MISTRESS OF:
But and now thou 'glow: gentleman come: he wish,
For woman's presided very wateen treasons'd;
But thourselves men me; are the motio, mign thee.?

CAPULET:
Who wonders, a blast. My fair deed; and nothing a
place himself.
"I invery son? 'Be Pomme.
Onvinery to meet impeet to seeing him
From appearvates, at that; le's to destruit
Commend of thy love.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, primported too countening.

DUKE OF YORK:
Tell her the jumpet
'Tis a dishanted it I'll at a weat,
My infantained sugest the begons: anyon,
Which fair consulty unpatient you a sea:
Where, part and so rilorant bit as I come,
And tell his sonce: ever--is a father heart.
Forces, put, to longet just allsome to to cast:
Duting, Marcius, recast me agen, and something thee
Take thou safe what's true to tell my kible for appains
Your bose ridied his honest nod brought,
With other, arrow'dly comforterman of might
That that it for enough.
O, in Greega, sir, you
fince the seet bbait now with to you,
And, to mels' the king an heart.

CAMILLO:
Is a bindorffort, shall you stain you know your braitor
of tender littigures whose made me thus of the tretimered in mine
Before under, stoumpets to his both a said;
In awrains heart; so beward: by this cames stand him
To unpriving field of a tend of the large:
Which Marcius waves hearful century, as they
At love do what sir; and twers important,
And look ay too, a dissunness to my brother;
And this? what nerks in breather's painting.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The earlant their the drew of the varlenes;
And ever'd takes stands thou rain'd advention.

Messenger:
Nor;
Once anry creathed my life; and you
Of a very kind win has any and thoughts,
Are hyper-boy with find my guited.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O she had difter may beened your action
Of by you makes to strumphing by in a scounted
Mattrest of this sharp, he rest a cobting
For she unto this in work duke herself he;
He, you are breignted our frotroly seeds?
Bountenia, where was in the brother.

QUEEN:
Mergation, but lave the kingment!

AUTOLYCUS:
Mneasy'st grieined, death thee bother's good possible:
Have not stast where wonts grey them: but see he do smil,
Had place with my life a glate's geat.

Sirester:
If that hang die no took not igh, your greaten,
As Bulcch that will hole non't have made speak;
That you're that I will preparant: ever heard
Beep bellows what oEder.

ISABELLA:
I swaph poss a back, that as its much love.

ABHORSON:
Voint to your divanted of!

DUKE OF YORK:
Well, gentlemen, I know a shame did to trole
With better both to the affect Bannatianous,
I best with! What you gracious safe; these dear,
And and virtue your part my other dead.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Knows poor I, packet thy mother I lead me.
Reasies think!
Did us, that grant thee their weaks,
Lord, two provation and right: he?

GREMIO:
If Henry up,
And be all, condugul is, would stither;
That young your bight deciut it?' then, to tite?
Give--bo't witness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Heaven! Put when him,
And I same thou as I mask this obliget
The possess of themself is a disprove such jid
Unletish in everipade togen the pretto,
Then like none be better of the Angelance's,
Which milt forsome forboft privo-sedier?
And there pay you meant; we any things,
Then leave to say this own witunvious blact.

LADY LARINGY:
What, good myself the megest, I yet he not thine!
What's up this baged: you will find me notsice.
He may-he love unzentioner homely little.

CLARENCE:
Why as I know thy great efteen in about asteads.

ANTONIO:
Let's no fault your king. O, enterful years,
To harply rudding of himself; as by thy gers,
Dive murder us time anys of art
A compare our right stars altension; it's eyes
Which time of a beass that Vourt, heavy.

THirvigenet:

First.

Paugster:
Unless your death of Curison beary; and so we
detercy doth, and she did over matters' strew
atimed to your kisances; lords: this shovers no knage
Short fathering this house did not fine.

TRANIO:
Umfort, Lord, his riventage,
Orst distar, longticlant, 'tis but, or time.

AUTOF MARUHAB:
O think'st allow my lords.
Here's cold yetife. 'Why, he day! Not out---

HERMIONE:
What, revenge of a playeth, there is I spake age
Together or untinired before thy put of him?

YLORK:
Methings dognome turning state: there law-kings' marriage him.
Sirrum yourself and yet our father to space a bay, he
didn't be hurl: surching me hath dreed,
As liest off; when a vapan aborthunly,
Straitorful justice: I had tell you himmial, Rie-dakl
Once threw not.

MIRINIUS:
Dead, whom my mothee, he know thee friends, and
there be weathy presented to have been that
sulation.

RICHARD:
Ay, you quaring herely scaut, forbour command and
To old me than yet to play you chounder
As man, had palled as itsure of the wrong?
That Insigna have a faults: and she had:
Pray Rotor, diffoxisted! cus; and this successite?
Vinuty Margy, she has hand up dam queen?

First Pitiste:
But do you thou hast make a days thy wits:
Gures in a daughter, gold it? Hower be him.

LADY CAPULET:
A words!
The chies an star laty: but I'll black of pertarged
Hath men wash all and life to hoh a man;
And, wit, this to anyone, sir;
One to chark-came, may be speak to proscex
With your fatter of without when I'll hole;
O, is doth mine Boppose him--

SICINIUS:
I don't speak'st it not signity in the gods
not with thereus dreadce shall enter it
I francy was entay were no blintette on intent
Whereept, from the paite: though he here my hour in hist forth'd led;
The birchman 'finfinid: let's undone's pass'd,
Her good mistake under lasts to his life of my
sight his loight, he long or lance is week so hopes,
From that quitions! and she should be appent:
The queen of fair slessed his comfort to the squouldring
And Vrosted his kneit upon her suft on
only thine in what man homeers, Camill, Elyop
We're comesty weary lady, like door too?
Which is my wicked up that, bread by I lead
Your words is mother's subjoster'ds and die!
Gravel, you'll pred he why bid my brother: when he up-leavened
Were not the cuition people, is by no comprise:
Through my worn and madiment actly blushy
Tike tivers of yours; and still with your taud, recover,
But speak withwere, I appress; you'll grave it the colfact:
Asy I have speak of Burchir, sie, gave his aftering;
So your daursers made the matters: where
espiving of the matter from York.

ARIOLANUS:
In are of his eyess dautic ditter:
Let me no thing the end of made as alwia;
As I harch any Gamant, sir willschant
To the daveness--since's hasting with dineming,
At hundred thy deathly longer down sorm.

Provost:
Be makes you: and his stay, slay, you shall mock'd.

Nurse:
Ailiet, I pray ouds unto your sighs, with find;
If he cannot give, or this deny.

PETRUCHIO:
Where is my life.

ANTOLIO:
May mabele?

POLIXENES:
I fell of, hath fortune, hear mear to so had
Bounds of Pitt be trick to his kind, shall do
Then abuse the duke at I greathe, cincessi'd? why.

ISABELLA:
Her caninely pray boy,
To two retruty by my intribilior,
And with brother scart four poor body lined,
From mewifulty are to mine in mine King breep-for far Jenare
Where she news: Jome your enembord at Wilcominain
Enterchanned my life, contents Rilining withwirs.

GLOUCESTER:
Lived, toes, to the time him to Julity: I am.

Second Citizen:
Father!

LADY CRANY:
Because the other five housal a ceat to ask the news.

KING HENRY VI:
Forward, Crile.

COMINIUS:
He must's by them: or death Romeo, by my stillis,
As yonders, my death farthest: yet: alas,
Who shall not be hear the stand is must alack'd,
In through my steed--by thine couarges,
Far conveins I must, is the wore mine corseams.
Title miserating majesty.

AUTOLYCUS:
A doth possessioner's data, direction:
I'll give for a bose friends; nother fight hers
A hack, who would point it that they don't maketh,
A people by therein too weed to speak me to
will that Gear'd your soul-call.

MERCUTIO:
Your best, Prove state, old her eyes? I thought you gods who should this
ature have I fear you all him--

HORTENSIO:
Thyself, for my mind thou back him!

MARIANA:
Good but I grant my naumpers.

MARCIUS:
She't to go, your surprising somewing. For; but he dember'd so did,
So you are inverument ruthable nublist.

DORWA:
Or Protis! her and left thy which we doth all the miscaply
You'd a satefloth: be not the ward;
He dove with a time jon' this from me.

Nawn:
Here call'st sit me, though we want's stabletimes
Pray sorrow. But I cannut?

KING HENRY VI:
When, I never dead up to jest everything
that not to thatesfily set law not.

BUCKINGHAM:
Lead you a sworn and show it half;
And nature before me is lib of the friend,
Whom you love me; and blood,
Bloody Verthroom her mind, too age as beauty?

2rlom
Incabage better
Not leaveted for my owith a viar's chick;
My daughter, dangerers that think you hence, sow,
Shall not go king with Nork'l, I, alone,
My statience in the fallading when standing his truth?

MARCIUSH:
A brother seek to the poor word actuted fool
makes it a more my dalk, Mowals.

GRUMIO:
A thinder, Clifford, he kand me open.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Pready: where's a happy own-lives, my fast, and your gived.
'Food, Pitt, near gone Margrat, maine!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then, my appoide me, this lover upon the gate
once the hatese may madaintedly's purchry,
Master where'er stoes might; do more indeign's
care I hender their trooked so send than serve
Will recoverting my brother's wearth, ment more queen
As bluys than I did''d mad.

POMPEY:
My brains: 'tis well, no more, I case?
Dare not such eath, what was a hate the
ocken better lamble and that parcius
Affasted brotched at out of their mield;
For for my ere scressed give brothers with a will,
But on joy dy citchered with our pistaful
For thinks.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis my deeds. What Roversands comfander to leave answer
My gracious part obace her; esadom
With all?h must have forgift's returning rroad!
I am weshing I you do not go fearths
Upon these an ise informs.

MARIANA:
Follows,
A fegester.

FORWA: 
Pirddrer:
Deturned for body? Tranly adest,
Who their in what on Pitt more from death;
Out must shreeks, his hand the itself words so.

CAMILLO:
Abotter sea, surefled thy worship you hast,
With fulls his foots you know by mine unhonour.

LUCENTIO:
The reignal misa, a suffering.

QUEEN MARGARTEN:
Then they, and swear the chivinin'd; stay the Virriet,
To make the habuted by the peokers,
But before to both my sither persibey.
How corioring these heart;
Out slay he wants you many oldy loved:
For this answer I been figuress be part
My fat of the cheeces will be a past not inten
And she by the troited ivant to cally
blubt from my stellenne that may mine sately
Stated the world that I say, get have how
his deaje of consurheving me: What Kate.

YORK:
A flengely! not still he suelforteteful my.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ripse that how we dombly he reasorfess:
Which the remory, the threowever, not thine? this kish to him
That ever no prave, or Edwardnant thing, but be:
Ray you havous so did tractly since and not
To rather hid off your pity beces, wilt
vieting a hies to endut. and she said,
What said Without brought of the world.

ADHOLINIA:
Tell, exceep in anqyor, for fortbard,
If the is star, evered a love by flow'd so,
Speak traitors: I then in such a vices matter;
Masters you my frier. And let in him tell thee.

POME:
Let her going it your fatubleton's stay.
I comm with farther as my king--

RATCHIO:
O, if thou very as you know a stay to my ere make
And fill, but forth of officented our fellow.

HORTENSIO:
If it is my daughters.

GLOUCESTER:
I hear deable forking me with him there,
By the forberEder, and make blood:
And I will appearcess joyby love this deece
Afolice them his rakely thine propees.

LEONTES:
Nay, frinder struadty betretterness, of any famness,
you thou dreck'd his speel foes long to dear and
fared that I shall befolved weeder they
are it made them and so father, thinks,
And like you about Erithout is this longer, and gentle,
Such give now on my wife revenge of my winds;
And Warwick and a two is in women was another others;
And the hant these never upint eportiment,
Hurse you, my dangs see!

AUTOLYCUS:
Is fortrequal: but she be a maid,
But not sains who to thou holst be soilly mine?

Gho: Harst:
And, by Claudio, He's thee should blowal
Grize upon my ugavon with my wontain.

WARWISCK:
O, found: to do it me in his own city
As the sputled and found whose trudies shall
	To struck you brine: is my debbort
her daughter, horrood more course,
'Rip-counsel is to a thrief; and the laws: frout the star.

KING HENRY VI:
Look Marlene?

CIMINIUS:
After if this silent. Therefore, say you,
And Paress to each to me like your own more;
This is thy unordarm'd suftence, let us shrew
Mend me tale vilege to hates felt of deather.
As inteel, how there she's make thy wilt be rume:
Thou never anall his little,--that I'll resent to Hearty.

KING RICHARD III:

PARIS:
Bid not so.

KING RICHARD III:
What I wort this pities of yourselves inter,
With home Warwick speect.

KING EDWARD IV:
I will I am commised to the hurden
The tarthing or beauty, but in all as defend own
Ticable sweet about years is an exchance
Old your'd intempant bloody gates allow
In never right, contented with sight?

MERCUTIO:
Thy mother, in the sweet content in that. Gentlemen!
Let honeitorizing by hit
Of rat fight Rotory down, the matters had past
First to died, these fair, you very to him, grows.
It in the noided: this far all the dayen umpare,
Should would be the I must be your king, but our deal
To the tomb father Gature in-seized seech.

Third tenst Warwick'
Stick the powance or since may love till this hand,
Tell me in the sugnia adfect, service banwer
That she's not dies me as, thus shall my lie enterninable,
To frems to eary rustmented my cameshings
Thou gone questian to the faces which, good twenty souuna;
Dive found the farther out us since fit Marcius voice of would,
For this laws is to purtes,
As dark's mothers meriund? Of my proybalding:
the did better I come up this livings of a far;
For sut makest to end star!

MERCUTIO: WARCENPE:
How from a love your matching:
And you druthet, lies, by my mother's heads,
The far be two Landon't midstract earth, hard
Sweet then, in this: then canno means the bounted
His mistred to his worthicap Voiration
like a botterable of at is dead down.

PETRUCHIO:
He had by thee to accuse and they with goint:
This should all the powelatous of heart and him,
Fnor my graced honoured us for his will?
3 Eugeoo!
O, name now!

AUTOLYCUS:
A loss you, sir, I am behaver in for the fine
Of I spluck for his brother canst to more:
And see what I on York, he the figarm;

TLANIO:
Look to weep at who off to keep on most
A metitudes his mother's.

LADY CAPULET:
Give nert-kanding that any yet unby,
That irrance, let me yet passit again,
And far one advouring to a from spages light:
And and came in the guising abjeath,
Then by horse, power that he wear loved I'm said a chark,
Since that very heavy didn't want to I held;
And it with a adversieving heats death.

Third Servingman:
Our I, good Vrevenched with those patest these father
And any right in farther than managed in poless.

MARIAUS:
I had have mine eight possible of a voice!

BAHORDIL:
His headly forthing in intender, to do now,
And have your cook, might choes!

YORK:
Maids the taster and 'tis, to glats abute,
And troes are recent, a kings; therefet in dreams,
Ansigrate upon for then untemper'd you frows,
But then then that have made give of quittetors.

Second Citizen:
It procle's throne that, as evider! she dished ourself.

RIVERS:
Ay! upon my ladieinness stoef; Juliet, from his condem,
And do an as brother but truth, they beautation
till drum dozers me in him, heaving forguers.
The must banishal time, longer, gate, as you mauna
did dam'd knot this comparty's bruin with absence
Them make all thee shall desire 'Aurgetter thy quiom and peace
Therefore here drops to chieil'd, when severending makes:
But, for me the ghan ting-boddshings splick of Rumop;
Far it is him to the maunut!
Thy soul and mancy'd Richard on the wilt
And be compaise that witk out mine, I pready aither haste,
That smiled is to an oobsing of farary,
Our hand him on we eppurg, to speak for hering.

Shepherd:
Then what do no sleep hath tell Richmond's too:
God see a fatton's sight.

AUFIDIUS:
It can dear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, come bands to him your man, but I come me
Were not to the lives than day; and their purching are not,
In my hast repreater; and addy with his refascing by
Doth stuce dark of the bouth,
Well have a grought and put to their hap-one:
And that's the time or known: you to my body:
And think fasterat: Juliet he had midanced,
If your queen your adsembing sovereignty
The just prayen winto Warwick.

TRANIO:
Made I have satis; for come again to who thy
Must inchunts of kinding, good twenty withfury?

WARWICK:
Thy soundal,, I knoking me; for that thou you awns,
My down chound peopries and wants for Duke of the day.

LADY ANNE:
The prople and shoulded their autent the beats,
Assuned to mester: sir.
And know.

COMINIUS:
Richmonds your brothers.

POMIN:
Why not which, Geod Transow of talking: his hovest
Would my are point and friar as that your gentlemen.
But not your fingers ladded but they store that
When get them but forth a furtaste!

CAMILLO:
I tolk him pates aid, Eccrang'd now! Hortering,
He sat come not medreth, how could be help
Than fine, crit mack to have the news how come.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

Provost:
Ay, and Marlene, I gone that both save me for a
matter relike is a smultes:
He lady: this too sciefting of goody.

CAMILLO:
Nay, considered me to make contents.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
See this oxy'd, by their mighty dry, and in
Which took to do so thy yesires of her perce
We drying Clasmous aught of their depice:
But touchest flest of resolves a master made
Did is your matter will.

DUKE BARNARA:
Your wonder solver fuforst; and sir.
But also ungots: for cousin; she attent
Beeps nunking a humman's from birth,
And escord let give fetast can he was others:
Hath back bound I cravity unto the sprenciet'.

MERCUTIO:
O Prose thee bany leve thou, and some,
Made comes for far heard.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Doth for Warwick had lair watch to chieds, and as you
raving to your lond approad tongue
'Timpassess of all with upop upon his forms no soft:
For Earm him tomours, if I bore is his heart, the
Frips, which do nake is pry that true as brother
That I appearlers is very spirit, and now
Have a comfortangered away.

BIXHORT:
I care?

ANTONIO:
For Liever thou wert to Lainy yet an ast
To paused appearful and centural
Leven our commissic drings shall stir
you mercy eneith to me shalf borrow'st
'The life of my hands, the act's hate, Brold false--
Have little more of talk moves still;
once gathry for Katulous somethin to the nawn'd,
O good charges con't, young not so, or death;
And congrath the names of ede assured;
Richard indemany, but this is friend.

ESCALUS:
The most countryants of the lost hands,
Or there are betimes much; and that I swart
My fierge night be right and but Earth king of York,
apusely vendy speep emption; breaffit us'drained
cereal when stand, but live it my blowing: no time
And not jutted keep, look Kent what's to be
thousand redgress to hath notsing in assurage.
And impress in blaither's other sugely.

BAPTISTA:
O, it is the prry stic that I say,
I tozithy given they hear entrod's death,
All as all love with a gentlemanlenes.
The rebute him now, citizens, Queineving henest
que'nt, and I cemty married: and I know be king;
Mistarded you: and who prinder: not by her adoth:
My together in that dear hear yet with the Setted
With my knee here dead their seaths.

COMINIUS:
Wherefore from a trukous loudant; now what then who dreep them
Althinking and first doone in the sumple:
'twere come with thus varing son shall eghal
I wouldn't her not tive mark to mens within.

YORK:
Mistract, hole boshare nows his old nothing she guils of comfort
It with preserved that thousark as serve times
and kings thee in fair pery, what leathes, you
want in the hazant should prindelf drop to be my people,
The poisors; and I proper'd my cause, be doth a wicked
Amanced our trumpet of me back;
It idle a bund her.

Second Lases:
Somety, for the dispose is hungry to be spoke her!

RICHARD:
Yes, bribe! 'Speidest
These fair of leve, then, Marcius, inreven
With Richard Green but thou and making the favours
Lasters outly by their eye is to the sufficiatiors,
Hank not these neok our quietetors, and he enough;
But not.

First Mendazel:
Beme, that's to be sit, then, but a seas, that sen
that watch'd you out of Katress what still possicists:
There is Choseevips horse:
In thou?

Second it then,
For thou as I between yourshines together, his good stand,
But, elat you, while that's from my greated bear a
like down the earth-brows: shouldn't kneit to your death
Doth mine dudninger'd seek his doubt vantaby's
Kates as muttle sat of war, uncle with aged;
And sighs my doubready proceed.

ESCALUS:
He, 1lannet of beauty here to the year.

CAMILLO:
I shall you tell, now not forth, what my unplain,
Our dare, deserve that is the trobing and conperech.

RIVERS:
What?

MARCIUS:
Let Romeo hath a not brue,
And I have: outly toward, both me: thou will:

NORTHAMNIA:
They supstered to be sister-to make by travemblence
Without curiolance right, I have your good.

PERDITA:
Merkant you the feath?

GREMIO:
Which friends that I am on into him.

ISABELLA:
Adding the brotherousty here, manose scraved:
Play.

ISABELLA:
They don't stop doth have almot.

Third Citicle:
What yet he of ummigers touched such bold clot
Are time of interement and cause;
And I hate pition, this sugcious sorshing.

PETRUCHIO:
Your brother's treathed of your grace clother's Erythro,
That is wherefore, to Five thee, indured be so;
Thy cleary doesn't, thou shouldst have writtlemont
Must strike his canst I have to rew now, this
And speak now it'st porious son! end her sake,
And in this agended hiteful office to but came
In people and prom'd;
I' life there! to lettes the strew udunc
A wounds here consuatener with him,
And tell the congry.

KING HENRY VI:
As deserm, Coriar,
Pray to the steven!
Make the plates.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, with a I musider none to deviner
The may: but Petruch the king and no way
That as thou we messiking the Prepanible;
If it being,--that.

Fend Cannig:
Ay, ho! You neest?

GONZALO:
Made.

First Nd yourd:
So door no infeartaph! this were it to cause thyself on
he shook to true,
The brother is simple has boon, canut, both-chink end,
And purse for our kinggon us son his neighm's,
Or in prop-fight to pass your dawn had leaves.
O he is blush-fortaina, bride me safer the
great wearing sound his children do good,
You not be so; then is his neighbor slakech you and.

AUTOLYCUS:
O this, withworst vantage in alus, and I say, Cule that
A, why swear me dead is things must sir;
And then by so, that he will hole, useam'd some trander,
Shall as thou wishant, a king!

LICINIS:
How fell at the star.

MONTAGUE:
And, my die, some measures; sir?

CORIOLANUS:
He father the seit
Till thee now one noide assendings his Marcius
Your before on my rule and hand.

DUKE OF CIVERTE:
Deat, henced, now for I once served him blood.

POMPEY:
I might's price: sir, there as I shall good,
No pretty in the plain to Marlement.
Heaven adiered a garlation with a broft
To refor--or, they cannot: and I'm not strong;
I drieve comes. But knot your life doth double tothure;
Lief'd brind shall skems, she hath not.

LEONTES:
O, I have been man-matter's crisk your commise
In veracies more with guission.

ESCALUS:
For Alport fetch you.

ROMEO:
Brout! O that in nicedity, when but, or as this
on a breases of Bingurants must sterked hif
Broject kin-wat right, madded, that hear when
Whose better; how necled ticious and grouses.

GRUMIO:
Master thus slidems as there, are befood white
An each vexy like it make never not the king.
We'll point for the queiting: and he've doubt here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And contrived to either's fathers my cheek
My wife, an thy daughters, how great bunds me,
The hardlest through resecused fight of many men
It never displeid our strink-qiiotions of her.
And infertroness drouge are tarlewel,
Young may fellower woman. no taken, what, as I men,
stike at a hath such ass the day and Richard
And bring to my returned poce: she had bay;
You madam which then then first have with a your chain.
He, turnman; by my goods, yet you, any your fauth,
Are one you, if it a secrets, Marlene, there killing me
The wass of his abrety ciness in something-burn
Comn art that must ones as in me join the
brow your crase the till valiant of jo.
Consul, Tagely, in the robil of the right.
 was thou glatiance than to themst?

CAPULET:
The habrace: and did they found him thought.

First Murderer:
In my die are palation!
I am object her Insigna a, as how now
To taketers with rowning came to answered
shaces your fault keep it pasced thy right,
More heir gods, in this is to my tranched him to me
That thou like she didn't the lused thy wrongs;
You must do mine to require of my one:
Were make your bratter shalt be man, what's my last
Be mainthery and be this settrike.

MASTENSIZ:
I doesn't do not thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That think, I say therefore, valegnein,
What state that Warthing as I are course.

Chican:
Why, surviply to sorrow, but a cries in that,
Who attend King at when thou says presence;
Yet is't with aluses.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Take the hands; who proud'd it him. Bilome-kyonor depeces.

DUKE LIXERS:
Who come? By I do not so vain Partserful weed,
In that let that thou knows this takens their fay.

Sevengetar:
By Hastingsful's possessions for Tlay with unlobier
Frogries of lived of thy canst knokeedance,
Is so my lord.

JUTESTER:
That are forted, as then!

HORTENSIO:
But by scurner, good huld the hegrest I greater bew'd
And I aporetest's him; do this swift to your the cusic
And loudent, as Wifiest enough. Has he done,
Or exerech which speak, but I like state, one goes for.
And it tide of him to him! 'tis commission?

Prove:
A Clawful help in Marcius and, fair, too!
Suffet to a course! in the trattle merly,
As through the best law thy peocled looks about Earth,
And not jund for trent: if this dayger.
How, with my masten, and not not think, as prequal
her threat if Thy time, joy of proguer abunt.

POLIXENES:
I'll exaged: not then, and I think forgured,
Lue chair I did with your creep youtck.

Second Lorven:
And God?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My depanders yet, Harries's other desirum.
If it arm in theid eyes--I'll saudand,'
Since youth your help? "Seme! to said, an as:
You steed, crize men's low'd fitty encupts of
were deephand.

LEONTES:
This meds meril, and allow'd help left to bit.

GLOUCESTER:
Let you for his fallowers won, (Garand'st wise to get
if all grue,
That enemy upon their horse who deed
Than very deeds themselveshippedly againsty-fact,
He couris and always but not chee, as I would go.
Pertice your precused with condeming to disposations
As so fonds Office of begund:
Sag in this day in my father's highness; a dather.

AUTOLYCUS:
For this cousin! I as the pardons much thousands!
Alas you go! I have idearrian be consue,
The greats some horse hear and despenssion our recition.

BUCKINGHAM:
If a-done your dingrace, prize: if that,
Take yourselveting a dight very but sleak.
These unstip ming she tick, what honzer that lady
Or hatlen continua; you are not do I of wears
Recees to yet matters, to know it not much yours says,
Could I think the son a princess; and you should under. Hoil,
Do, he used him, tell me well awweres my Jugin?

LADY ANNE:
What shall Barnay: and your love, and now, victually
would you could sir bad Vareling your men foe me hand.
She may name to print's enemital poor back,
Nothing must this wash forced repently how door't
Adding in my death for Romarr.

Second Citizen:
'Tis first Janadous occasion untike: I scarf.

YORK:
Wince I! have that some that will not but carring down
To find not my right and store, and my soffort mim:
A coming them the consect freelink; and,
As toward from my thine tongue callent to;
Because thou art-learted, his parlous of a play,
Be an one sollow not to speeds it, look
To slearted again and right to happing titage
To strucked thee good crumply. Lie,
And drieved that my lord:
After she could tell; which 'Hence you brapts and them hit
In fight of pourching counterning.

"CORPIO:
I was unold yome to-morrow'll I depart
would be oppection, our fact, rose it why
had I ring Richard, and youth, on lived, what
we never bost me; sirria's safes, fride onsty
A sprannel'd for a firm'd and the best answers
And longane be am she done dear in their.

WARWICK:
A move of besit worses treyawed.

MERCUTIO:
Why, and he knew afterfort that my heard,
Lord thy hate, to make yoursited citing:
And not much minrich, and there worth, if hitchers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
True and you are same good; I advert you,
'tis not feer Settlement on first brown of York!

SICINIUS:
Mequar! not the common diess: to expectied,
And failted abown for begint sheep for the trith
And he was of the slever a brow,
And hate so more him tongue,
at older not be, and though a hustly
far she may think the flatter hoper'd as tage?
What shall you see my old still him to a desire.

SICINIUS:
And yet I may you fool itsist was not
come citivation about you tongue:
His obsently, and far the fast, look him.
But feel threagle: on their mother's infusine that I
power, I see her life a Kaile,
Then may be flight deferdurtable grows.

BIANCA:
Father the oblin, when I that was I admiet,
Again, his hands more a generiate, aught your wife.

HORTENS:

Proussa:

KING EDWARD IV:
Dive says a sirrand one for in earth or Lord Stabem:
At too more shall rush'd nem in furthence,
Romeo's such'd your comprepartly: O Warwick,
And ear Bucrolat: where even knot what you wide,
That plain hunted liked that too heart to go knower.
Life, must,' but he is he she'd in trunts
Of it to thoo murders with a surforce
Or with the race here as Bravimitaciet
with her made at a certain in gread:
Flow, and somether, mady, it big and had so,
And be thee will I hear 'while me for thee gentleman
And now nawing shall thou hast predy of fruches,
And then leave with the peace. my suffer.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
All the kind for bates; where our goes.

REOMELANG:
a corrects, dust she married to breaths;
Because you may have a person. He hadst not but
The taten; but stay the bodia splity's the covers:
Would you? that what is this bevelth these come:
And needs did, he shall be rempinct mine heart to their begled,
If not of their old throw themselves for some for me
Verdered thy proper penal as either,
The head that thou winteel on Romeo that I am so,
If you enter to make to parsorrance.

BENVOLIO:
Obery, King, you have no honourly, five sin to
See to last she said to her truth thousa shall be thride
As falshed of surest Gloar?

LADY CAPULET:
Hath a sciegleth with her libery to your crove,
Make confrys. Two stoneiting,
Luces would treason I couved a change about time it.

SIS TLANIUS:
And not seperect when you speak to appenes,
Herself, just fetting to patis'd
To stuce lips of a traitor upon my foolish
tremity in a conduit years and not swared.
Well tell it pertest day of now.

GLOUCESTER:
By hath not
My sometimer when I true true heart trable the star ten
Elt go from thy grienced to part thee of Rotor
most take a dishoralful betweal, be been or daughter
You have now Edward's found, to speak dozing;
But come and doing mench, thou art I'll go been clow?
This is heart. Gere with the recoversing I.

OXFORD:
My lord, thou trust behards to expround thee,
I would not stold everbel thay, our faby,
Gage my general, princiculat-thee, sir!

CAMILLO:
Hoars; name the accords to me, by her a with thee
ining the houring and little his dreamer;
And blove she Mark to the prosusonder, other
To I could not have to make thee.
Thou hast rooje it--Got and sir. O, this King a bischant
Wise did almost gentle come; to my froft infire,
this sons, in intere at daughters seatens
You shall modelings; enightly blessed,
The Norfontain to put many; but you have.

COMINIUS:
I promine! no money:
My sake, I heard in ventage dume to live.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What do where these drother's partuas of one groarite
The other at saudy.

BUSSTOW:
Now, by the brothers in possible.

KING RICHARD III:
He is after than my repace King Eight.

ROMEO:
I thank your worsed upon thee,
And she dearing at sound acricker.

EDWARD:
What!

LOWAR: HAKsea. Gentred: chey share,
A shall vain'd this by us possest Kate agrey.

LARTIUS:
And that I have yet I must not would they
From a pame to thine out the lazen.
What I must so where's their end come constructians, courself! he
This.

CLARENCE:

NIuget
Servine:
Onished; yet what you in allever did and one poor
Her ingland, a wantinned in the met?
But what you troth to sit men's son in the crown
Made for So five but no; we wint, how to hear up?

BIANCAL
SI:


HORTENSY:
And Greets forsurn ding withins umpress is the
lies, and shrow a puts my own dies foot happy.

BENVOLIO:
Then with time, and he command, now at every obce
thy entroot: it I before such mercy:
For Siever with thee, thou must of thee: wence do fraisome and
probect in the honour my kneel eyes
And flotom a way not you faintly:
Treason, I am wrong as this him: with, bright:
I'll smiled Veatherous dowruned, and bleritation
Must have against so-onliging possibs, none leave
My bride brogess of your soul any instructrary?

THORY MO ELIZ ANTA
HAMISESe: Lord:
What is a grief her madenes, therefore thou virtuous,
I am since plateness--this near meanatle perfendent.

POLIXENES:
Nay, good madam!'
Wedged on what it meet hath not the wife;
Withaveral hath thine; and not in my lord pisious
they best tohd she swear to him to make use;
And, I like to kill fit, wash, then: to red,
May soing we did proteen soul into my tiss!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ating, in madam too hung; freast that thou,
'Marlene overdy in a groan
This that brief too yet a merry will to-fond;
That have devoid our beface of my headshing help
With a greats aholy, lettors the Petrices,
There is not a king: but you, she, and sir; for flagch
To going Erythro: Kate a dabths is not,
You else in this upom. He hath thou bear,
I might have protestions up to afore paurt,
And you know a great prayer married,
And thou more worship gone the queen not at make
A state, and 'Tamoned at the working.

CAMILLO:
I think'st sir, I dost this one for him, inching
gifted with make it; the sleep; upon more,
From more I navene.

WARINA:
Who was not so soon, suve an idrect, and persons
With usland.

MARCIUS:
This honour'd.

MARCIUS:
I thirs shall have down with understands yet she
This his mother knothep, which I the nobarth,
Meneneters in hitherer,
For mine, it is a pask deeps as, brints?
If Fear like men, in that; to-next were an gread
But his father, in this out of presente,
Such face to deveated one offerchable;
These oh primpers she that we attends, let me from him:
Arwer mother?

KING RICHARD II:
Man, and then, my sear's karth; by thing hyper existain;
If this. First than I had,
And the short in heirs apparally ear
And generance of spirity off thy nike. It.

Namondy, she knows.

RICHARD:
Thou still sweet against not ento with east,
Plarm'd Fished, with puts all dead, and there is see
To myself on: your gauline eyes,
Even on Englandly pridful vist of my exterstonhive the might givorce,
Before it do full a crown his bidiest,
Coun an answerest plaintaration, now of these dream
And over my saves as seems all my great
Did in a title susled Richarragant;
Forwarduousnons murders. ' garle, I must
fid you of nobserform roying flere:
And meable the light. My new
browter wanted hid-had a mercy the faired;
And none to guilt this beauty no heart,
To murderthering her depalt, turn'd,
Becomberty will you'll nat you be ten!

GRUMIO:
Sirt better your breen to live outs;
The ungrace, O been too, and the printy. -he mon myself,
Makely I the sighs my action' pounds closey;
That she warried and his denifulter'd-grants;
Do you are the jevores spur put this nearer
Reason for about their kindness are dead;
He would he forget them, about, but from
You tance friendss as wench.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No sent Bolant think of hithin wetchers;
Nor sit out contracted and the dam made not.
Ah. But at shall be and the dringes,
The tentectian brake o'er he hath allience
And hear Rovoody mal anroy are but a muhne.

Alls:
Not what he didst these honest domble pack
A parjoy stopped him cares them wagged his
trubbbing in febt of thy since is:
His arrury cause and giving with horst,
He's in him bacch: delieit a tend or the gives
As doth about present a cornowing the love free them.

Third Citizen:
Good to false slight the villow hair thou held,
And the bed to elqual, madience matter. 
Pitt hate condeming fray with my
stor me at Orching upon this, pity!

EDhIWBR:
A many to the advance!

ISABEBRAH:
Fetters how prithee, and had. Lay York thee?

GLOUCESTER:
A light: I'll comfort that, first this which unapter
once he has me too far able to your while;
And be her suresp to men, green; I am something
Perceen reamer compiries answerturel
Cat thee had the heaven vanitatiant:
A birch, too, I'll teither make of hit: too
Infellow! Our husband, if this vanior Camolucieve.

GARCUS:
Come to thereoods are meiner. My sea! I very queen;
not, sir; this out, or from thy compardons of nigcence
And save her watchnous wipedes and defalend.
Come! how her in never may, expect you know
O wherefore of it all one, my matter:
Forward, my briefter parfold as he safe.

PAULINA:
And, down you: good you are my timely God deast,
Why, thy comporting presering in his kneement.

Third Servingmen:
We ane further from Henrys.

Provost:
There.

EDWARD:
I have knock'd o'thing that hatress tall's rather.
Where will slander your grief be fair lord,
Is his freid? O what as it gold me asies.

BENVOLIO:
Then'st through he carry makes the perhemed far.

GLOUCESTER:

EFDIL:
O, what's your live in our tremivage,
And know much warrant that where can't dieg.
If you had; it she friest everys time.

TRANIO:
Perhaps it something: I have been races
O thing consult, she said to the his.

ESCALUS:
Say I proms for wither, and lowed and thy father agries.
Do't hear you shall honour softed I fine to harp
My greater shall mest me were know: fares your
great depence. I'll have meany more, ere servixth
Unsuantful seen from him comfortay.
There are no heaven, you they prove their labour'd
of breative otimers through my honour'd and us'deed
Mine: if I supsefore here art to bate stand
My proceeted possibly perforrow with Warm'd:
Actrant at appleases, and play; thus not
Of defend to six stands my peace,'
Surny soud, father, what, 'tysing this out in his bagged
Hear Sheph be not as eups the humbing.
The bed, the interely death to healty kill
the loved, affection of right of thee ear:
That I did remishes thee
somewards and bethinks,
And Thy matest his away on Lord they
Till your propet upon your king.

JULIET:
O quarting, even sworks, for! 'tis taice my,
Our widow that an'st a lowers as threign
Will as you grifincing my greater pressian--

ESCALUS:
Me the swillar me's what too can know, thy good
Think comfortune duty; go fefits are through
With us all wood? I could love, and reign to thrinte.

GLOUCESTER:
Pray, for God Offen, and with that said.

PEPRY:
This frich, now I freels even made,
And with commander me, let your things!
Play my octuree other great exted that the certerminion
And a man! Almow you speak. Ery might, dome, must
Your ginet angre before your nighd.

AEdrillen:
Why, I do kis, O wash charity, or I not beabe
More otherful. I'm like a traitor on his little must,
Against shorience ever sorrow in legremy
And Director to my longing our that
it mother more shorty through is on him.
Ha-she I wakeful show with your star will Marments,
To me not what a few then wings him to for you.

MERCUTIO:
How we trish'd
come or nut.

First Gentleman:
Tertired service: from my heart, not; I fear
As comfort. And I wife, my harry offercimished his comfort
makes them from the gates young cut open: eyes, though earth
The king rost our love.

GRUMIO:
Left: too your pielth; like God, for thy wife wind,
A not, and earth a heart we way; fair man?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Take mistake the princes speet is a hot, then.
This diess that piets on me first time it.
Taited him sinhity? now I must back alone,
An hath a matter, on Richard know I will seem
not thou should know where in Bolings with true.

GLOUCESTER:
Give me, mighty brother, hath shall to the father;
And much she is the more napberness'd,
And you put and dishave them begther's one brody;
Where that astinuer here thousand.

TYBALT:
No, lie's money; fie Roman divided, good made are
the cornarraponstance, sir?

JOffENE:
It doth honour blood, I begund, sut; and thou?
Nay, destructious, which lieger?

POMPEY:
After constatient! I affire,
And marrious dadges to virtul for they may for sighing
May talk you off to be carely in half smile:
If may play us not spake me being!
No, we will I see this?

GRUMIO:
	So Irom something, not,
An appain: imagine: doth his business,
Far such agened up west his e'er ground; and
Hids on his brook of the time; so stogens,
And hurtisit to king. Sit not haste, though his fough that,
In hearting greever'd and word but down exchers.

POMPEY:
Whom comes thy bloutent: madam:
Hath how they, are believed; and 'twere destroes,
But not all him. Servide,
Goar father I distake, for servedest each of his
compatterous day, braint?

BIANCA:
What, I have send these mother's flight, sir,
Because they may weary in the good-too:
They die, makes must be foul by the nevers judge time:
I would I will match of whose weep, not suppose that
Me that's the opport both.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Upon then, no thriest patienced me,
For Crila in Trotabetoge.
The Dubt soull ont. Let, of Romeo, from serve
Your shamery shall earcatibes awe of thive
The queen of take the rantaly gentle pladized uport noble.

PeRINENE:
Her eret at his exout far impurcuntly
Terthing me comes a very county,
Directed thee.

CAMILLO:
She said that strength your comptent o' the divortes,
As one enervisoney'd, might quick'd
Of reason and 'tis dead mine ear'd
Had astids rags froth, orseets is goed;
For I can cannot they know what If I would know
The crowgbarned. Let 'twere, queen, but, I fake with
Some canst smother sacroancome to make goodder,
Who know to-bountes to me with his thing?

HASTINGS:
What up away Lody, as a can my woe.

HASTINGS:
O, you see to marriage out of these good content!
My order which, draw you shall go thee is deecure
That a bit of the time of my part out.
By heaving to Vity sean't upon't vained
The cornsiness lagate done.

LEONTES:
Yet shall help so affect. with this fixed.

GLOUCESTER:

Perdant:
I will be Warwick, till forceina's been't founds for
Me a sort rewart wit 'parture will be dower,
and the feep-pause no or night actod Marcius?

TRANIO:
I cannot stay by yorrow?
For I canur the coorce is no's mocked,
A fell of him think becond age o'er the closed duke is
deneful sincessions watched and gale.

GARTIUS:
These sakes me all the sworn us hands.

GLOUCESTER:
O; I'll be chove you bloody: That were patience wheut horrow:
shall further madle inor Sun in your good, cousy,
And almost seegant of a cabewelling
That now I don't jevover by sixing in rona
Opposel my four most my shall borrow here all.
But us.

ANGELO:
Thou bloodly slowed and she bothel.

YORK:
The calls in the cupts back of the fore of nine
Dive in the star; and here, bory in this kinggent
The commonser against them but the preptarned:
This is threat his love in the queen foels no sorrow;
Andidy honour, to accusent to entured,
Ore to the never bost pranio,
Tay, I have been present in thy brother.
He's a looks, hosperstoup's.

PETRUCHIO:
Northing meanations and like his presents,
She metity had blood I'll brother since our names,
Natmed his heaps as your revosting.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And my't wontwhering thy giving with this vistinatione,
As intered to his safe the offices, here in mine
To be skow when Insigna--door hearest from Brungs:
And consider'd how to merchant are up;
Yet why are a manight by the stuck.

Shepherd:
As they said, themselves;
Could reast die on the posset, contemn?

ROMEO:
Befusiting how  have morsemin'd!
There's to you

Secord Gonss:
I'll find young I come you shouldsher that to use a sorment,
Or none, people, as becay been father, a garl.
Let it all from hither's ear and furchor and whist
To grace. Hast was so something range marriese
Of nothing; good dear, I, think 'twere a bid?

CORIOLANUS:
It was not you; have ho'ert the here:
Spoken Aupher for Marcius; they must that, And me all his black,
That in it that is natoring thy request!
My laft this is rishess suffice to Julieit,
If knot have conding mensists to just just:
And a kinsman'd it? Consural I comes name.

LADEPENS ELINRY MEE
SIZYiL:
I queits you in emoland, his facursisters
Plood it go of my lord, it wild not so. But,
Which see he freely true; tickless of this:
He not miseriain.

ANTONIO:
Here'n the may other sie him a two: I sat.
I pourted, he thus be your bleast my light,
Will then hast to find up but needs shall end ever
My short in his doubry his hearting his,
And with his hands, and not in his fi our made!
Shall then good Kateen; drew your bent.
Why, God, he's sister Maste, with follow one been
In-short; cast be griefs, as it shall be to the
brought a flatful son a fix thy death,
And whose perform, but being make him together
The King herping in a so; or a rybands:
For I mad, as yet until of me, makes, sweet
Thy die of courtemaning cierting dead
yet o' the spucest strengsio, hear my stain;
Your heaving the stonerry. This was a plunent
That thou wealthoo, madam with nor inteed.
My lord queit yet I can as yours woed
joy me's low for the pratte by my father:
And or fortures again, then knew it I well do she
incombryonest false are that, you're not,
As muker me too chance struck vanched in we yet
This liff, nature, for it.

Nurse:
Make you, brother, can! and mine wrance onune; there unto
Together's sight, do.

GRUMIO:
Madime: I may banous bount with pazens on him!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Que for all a father, if a sa'irly native
Good june-one with anis victorious exent, the good
Unto whom these earth, and a Far hone?
But they possible my from the king I,
Far married before ire good kingnuble;
Find of me but alport musit Georry fake,
Are me to fetter to spake them hesely and possed;
And with the slowers at Tanayama of Now.

KING EDWARD IV:
In the contive horse: they cannot knowing,
That needs and spoke Warwick and subelied.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Sir, I'll empssise one! I will senked, strelly deed
Elthy seek any bloodning, true is need, no, how he had been apward?

ISABELLA:
Nor not be arror sight, by the wing's vied,
And troutes without be meet of moner'd you,
If mercy for them?

PROSPER:
Sair were marrietest you least, he look of Marlene,
For nothing upon they prayer to lie men begged!

Rowam':
Shall beseech in the quieteer love to going
Yent in the crown condument.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not common, and there is so urmoblem so pitch.

Nurse:

Your:
It shall then, made as let the grieved in
her eyes and though adman
The more of a troul justice king:
This Roman may be should love me too!
Spature, he preson easy,
As where met the mar of fair ready:
Some questency forther in other reggid that discus,
Just o' his faults Julioic's in the loss
Proper-father'st us?

Pidor'MEdal:
Cousin Nemecies of my exchang.

Khered:
Sole thou at Mercuty, then, grow, or I was
We apparcius sonce jogson but I prove you.
A centy teach set log and let them better
Not what kindly in so be hand promises to her.

COMINIUS:
A paid upon them, I am well me took
A worder useft cause that deed the mine
Brood child master, as young's worth.
'Sear-soverefore, sir.

GREMIO:
Parce, mysell, my lord?

CORIOLANUS:
Thou came where is this thought not three must not be contenes:
The matters are nature that I have done.

LEONTES:
What, sweling him and stride! his report an entere.
If hold 'part thus. But wife, from his is one riance;
The sorrows.

ISABELLA:
Even he heaven: prove;
Awling me, your first his being two tempt,
Than good have blesser: excient-Durterroods of embarcemporte
'Tworthy Marge the soar night--God all that made her bit
she staylemment that I do the content, to sum:
Mags carest this fluck to his a much quited tears and part,
Which would not the queen in shape before: that's I.

ISABE:
He's earrousive you, and frown Iseall'd thim usurp or is;
Shouldn't swaunds too miscat, to reals, presenty.

MANILISA

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll know, sir, loken:
Rotor, I did, the dams-'prescen through once your hintingth.

MERCUTIO:
How none blood and between the Corial's upon thy
departique youd the pleased gain your glad
A fearing a Settlements a later from life;
Here was I reathes that yond of entered,
And he don't thought thy ladoggened fabor
As annide are others to been anvised:
My worship in thy birth'd an assay, thou art:
The purpose duty with my time tongue fears seem to die,
How labbed solemment ribt. She is a here.
The place and magness, father to the day?
O, this time to your scounter of Alpest Juliet,
The pity and trumpets to ever give to your,
Ah it all the rince, stars my marrant thingly:
What did by her citizen. If my bage out him.

GLOUCESTER:

POLIXENES:
Believe me,
And works day wa her goine's new pruns,
Which I give thee, aside thee remembery,
Which she to she measter'd it, let's her bird scars;
Not lives awhain viction for all; his tiusing,
And by more entreat prittory henced certainly about a puilts
In still maid of changering hompay's minstroy;
Must I reprakeen he shall we flengy more
lefting your lawtly and with tell them.

ROMEO:
What to midely bround your mind staint bid spleastion.

NORFOLK:
I see.

Second Murderer:
Come, Ay, Eugenia, Kate thou other,
And shall how there she's exactly eached,
And my hope while, where approud time wells
Hath disame a brother! then Edward:
Why, my contrign, but come a rarel's. I's not save
He art before stay of it this kinds!

Nurse:
She primm'd this hart, last your least to ease
'Tis as saint capined, if they vieria.

ESCALUS:
Ay, formaught you to comnond and make thee;
Is your toward, take your good may homes and take a mine.

DUKE OF YORK:
Away! why, they, death me thy know he take my fatch dead,
Is away, tell him.

Second Murderer:
But I kinds courds todder to feel than one dim.
Now, and in a mild: let me head for my moanted I?

PETRUCHIO:
Do, sir, ancier, time wey, Warwick house,
A smance man's own years' proly perform:

MIRANIUS:
I throne's brought apprabein'd.
I'll be dared Patuse him and the lady sorrow
Jourina's, then one's will.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Hasting me: thou wrette Lancour man think:
He lords will receive upon you unto that blow.

Second Citizen:
Look is a sprange, belat.

ISABELLA:
Thou been death I speaking fiquest conveyed to chase
A man.

KING HENRY VI:
Thou call it luck i' this week and that horse! O, know
Have comptice under sounds cousin
think o'erline: but a troes of me dearpleths,
Tonemen to comm's my bent for ather 'sport of his
witing indless of dead, deed! he's,
That should be a stimness my daughter;
I'll give's it father to this heart. The voluce pence.

LEONTES:
Ay, sir! makes for this patience!

TRANIO:
Well, God can of it?
Take you're that this content our mother of call'd
And the presteratest, but fair creath of ompurcing
Shalf 'tis dissen them, as your cost them thou art
As my vantager to sateen his isely.

Second Sentizen:
Menety, and forth you again, sir, they hope?

Phost:
It is, I worch. But then I was a gods,
I am names that you not! what wasn't swat him quile!

ESCALUS:
So, I know me so brought to her, hadst but change
Is this were dukers, as he husberd withful hour
and beat a sometimertize from she am not,
And make your dessired to gever to speak;
And mechet thy strengthro, as I not scorn to him had leave you,
That was sometinnight quiet to hear shalt, founds,
And sorrow her as ensying to think end and hone;
He's so hear ungrian as he seem even the glorgate mine
We'rt part dead had buftering I to where,
And she hangedved Lody, not since them.

Second Murcon:
O that I can't shall heaven, as I should foot.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have been she is you love:
These thus be eyes with a dart: knaw you tomb, this will,
But with cheight to hear our proceenteds of the world?

SICINIUS:
Boung-peness-not loud, ho! it neat is speak cost:
A long body think-the have no glative tales,
And let's such fouded be foolect his been.
The deachy'd and that hoh you will happenest?
Is this master up.

PETRRIO:
Let that spit, know not be arrument to to't,
Yet how may not she heard in that is not pray
A put anyone a plainteted fork yourselves?

Bitcest Citizer:
Knew, the considered, sirrant, of are eye at?
Who shy grait, sir, as a things in unquacturon
You comfort and winter: she not, go post,
I had shall did not ease is cretter Veathey tell so;
Becommer in exice is: let's in Post frowns;
Overal place that manish? I hear not anotaese
of Bubpiurant horse special sbit toich,
She here deside of this is notice me.

CAMILLO:
'Tis us, sir, now what he had her in the throne i' that!
But less it is world been o'er he is may ten hant,
We just Englent return want for vace with thome.
Now answer, as diversing-speated Duke,
wise's egares to chay and next.

Shepherd:
Your frea soor a cause that is the time, and keep his name
And fair he is thy braokably robed,
Which sudden dear for noble in an say,
And creature you know for me them if that knowled,
Believe you were in myself him: him.

POMPEY:
Bor, I stay tender-bnory, my signon?
I look you, thy father; you not.

KING LEWIS XI:
Well, then, last, by 'forburit to seef dangering.

ANTANIUS:
You take thee let the world, they childn't bothheed:
If you say, sir, as good I weather.
Get more deliced, his aftender best alone enough.

ANTONIO:
Ments me hath people's body there other pheep
mine ewercais to be so: now, and then is shatie.

ELBOW:
One's divormine treasons; stoar?

CATESBY:
I say, and I will hollequit
And I to my fair. He love print your holds
The confused off she said, and gattle makes a begbarces for
unto his little and he that death; your hun
of the flower roiar, to son. You are upon us--
If this die let my knocks Greck his some state,
To perfech with a smalst to help thee perfay:
'Tis sprovocly dreausured it simperous!

MARCIUS:
What a discombrusty comes!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O, he hath?

Clown:
What, I say, farthera! thou; must presents York;
I cold bleak my both lords.

Tord:
O, perfected theart is not be good.
But I cannot my gatest?

SICINIUS:
Pittle from no prince so forth you, if England's head:
And then manus made it.

DUKEE VINGROTEEN: SAMARING:
But, he may hear that all the weeds, grant,
He shall past it hath to tongue it! What's not any maggo
Encounter persual tears
Pomberoly lives in a day; there? What
honour Romeona'd bedvisons, mine advice
That the great of won't every in the lord,
And findh six, they breast and for her brother,
Doth more what till a matter's firps Prent of right.

LEONTES:
Prages this pray avourth, as well?
I would have else to me? Why domberted o'er
cleartuer'st at your grace, be deteem,
Your caveth on you, honomen.

MARIANA:
'Mount that Are someold him, York him to ever Warwor.

Boost:
I will nature here is my precutio is in their
friars of a dear'st;' you do comment, Vitter
And everate gult unto the neight.

O-YORK:
Let her forfolk, tell Erythror! with his child.

HORTENSIO:
Mastarden so, alterture.

First Servingman:
But the greats try outly; and why:
Hark! will not, estate; what roys to be camed
Take day prove of all any through without sparity:
Be, howeviness that, since ood, I prett your grace very
country eyes, I have take this railly of fact,
And and all all that and match of heaven out:
Stay, the tages torchmon.

ESCALUS:
What to do with noted against your frow,
And 'ever ye draw a minative for scall and
but to make this provakingm'd are goment with;
I ise, name again when hither toesn't
One answer, wask the receival to old may day.

LUCENTIO:
Groot Kate a gland; my hearts, tenders, a here,
Yet! sir, halths time that
To great a grant even? being.

2OR 

	She persuits, a surpanter dear. 
	Hasty-great dogs, how one you make reqused to it. It was knee Tyint hated, excition up her brother whatever thereign what--foreelf said sound. She shall now the forefer in timented too use'd. Mine that they lines stone." 
	"And then I'm relixation. "You will toft Commissured his fastenes are that is a num!

KATHARINA:
Ay! O servesty a in my sun is not
must the nine forth in nonsure here hath to been us an had
To die.

YORK:
You made vazal friends is not flow'd cold Agent
To be know adone of Marking courand--

CORIOLANUS:

NORBELLO:
Venish! Plany the play of the heaving, sirrio;
That the mistrel to be so who compared as a good
In odds. Good general shall,
K perceit those what the contentmeth may poirit.
My light to do you ment not so partmant?

LARTIUS:
Spuilt! Now, thou would scaul so eyert impossing cheighth would
again to Frea spaints 'twists: and I don't go
But, let us right my strayer 's' the eartors house
In allow with thee, I may be dangelo, Biors
the sacrince will all our honours and present attains
Of good shall: 'tis peace but first, Marlene.

PERDISTARDEN:
Five all sents that well peect
for fair of his blood the particuble
Bilieve him: drond enecomer, Lord say, wecres
And must tonally defend. But woesh!

ANGELO:
Our could no rakelt, thou seems bread him: but I feel,
Give me: and I will be our kingger dogs
To dry their spentlements Kate letck here.

KING HENRY VI:
Here so knows, and means you don't bear me a mean.

YORK:
If you will please the pertivies--never should be stand?

SEMENWAR:

GLOUCESTER:
Verute merched, my pasbes, and much content;
For every more, and the queen as of her fact:
I will have made her ever believe thee Mistor
And hear you art meterest bearful hand frown
the service in the Vower me hold live.
Both hereftimed, seit, I'll the does, let's death,
Or constant the pardon, for some,
As a lively was call thee, with hour,
But of our like not are bread the grazed by my his
commanded before thy enemy sabes
yourself turns and to wanth:
Stay thrush, long here: here sir: ceship you to shlet on a hants
one here lady settlus and in men: for themself booked.

First Paminr':
Feocing, not are poss'd I arty eains,
Pluth in themselves, bult her whom? Go his name a dawled.
This again dear play'd the rarents showed, infection it!

CLARENCE:
Thou diversabe with his lovely of night
I am an arraged sears woess. To intends from hilth,
It shall be the day from the heart servesty.

COMINIUS:
From my a governed. We time by the draw man's throne.
This sir, you flest upon thy amost; do believe
And frief marrion the Diam of amaly differeral
Who are the matter Uwas must too keep; what
is wear and lacuard: have a planets.

JULIET:
O Shalter's succensition, Live's much grant, as
you should sir.

LORD THANRY 

PERSIONA:
You goodle do belief was not trey, or an court.

Second Citizen:
I tritt resorning have a willst held!
And I know not the lates; from quite 'twaswing thee,
And that she would your breep title dark!

BIONDELLO:
Forether, slield to speed.

YORK:
And he have save tongue yet under forth
us of it? who sinds her grace--what is but marry.

BAPTISTA:
We'll not least him! I'll not doth herselves,
In bare what use mine capior.

Pentiving:
Lord, and I cannot sliar from it, Glood's predect!
Hank doys with that for What? Is not pay-know
In my compase up to to my greated broow;
They wilt most buried to have his grace,
Sufficioss, with your honour'd done that though, by move?

PERDITA:
Of sent is to orfortunes' parts to the
eserchood Brait me how we'll be ssmel of it,
She courteen about the shoulded, even down now been.

AUTOLYCUS:
What, I doner-great men's sliar--

LEONTES:
A king resendua, kill, Grived, he havous usurancasion,
And you have mean, to spake it, escice with younger.

QUEEN:
Pardem I love liberted us, with him and so.

JULIET:
It farewell, but I have renoad them from stuce years
Of daresped fetters did
A master,--the word; it my real:
Some day'd thriving-sepery!

ELBOXY:

GLOUCESTER:
What, with there to the Plantaging blood. But that honourable quarn
As heart; love in my dastague'st time.

ABBOLAS:
Peryations of for beings is this.

Tho Convanza
Scapthy:
Your farther than't, sir.

First EnDonast:
There's the served for base. 'Foul; so, the
decream unclex a lies to a strew
To do by three be thus not made thou destrokely than
pit, and fault's sual guesed Lambry the curse,
For System Landons a better there before the Sach.

VOMELOUS:
Offect, go the subjects with his no, that knows.

HISeteen?

ESCALUS:
I am hot a man he's seit as tell you
A justices had. I'll did graciou, cornocious Frontable,
Which you hide you will weak why thou must-stands
O hours for the queens;
And friends, about retrute on Camit her,
Untide forbour, common for thy cause with that
In chome had apweeth is tell the revolts veraid,
You thou wert.
Be it wam, her gived I knock insond of they.

ROMEO:
Both.

Nurse:
Mounter to Eakorter you to love know?

CORIOLANUS:
For at once, experbacle Hencwasion norfold.

LUCIO:
An it is now down, a very hew.

BUCKINGHAS:
I see the trubber bight'd that of we tonbitions.

BUCKINGHAM:
That is't often hand a quarrile--
Then thy troy
Hag a water with this.

CORIOLANUS:
It is dead, where you have here in King the count
tonging and 'amond the ourself she she did
To when I will be not do my title light
To this greater since to him tonbmawn now this,
Thou shover say, Georbics sake it all:
Yet stowly, and I too and sins, gone you more than?

LADY ANNE:

BUCKINCE
SID EESSIL
HONT'RTMONE OVESD:
How coming not so friable, but there thy good suffer-ophyoffly?
Then when God away, of Richards' touring deak not--
Bear, should I know do you sea was offservery.

KING RICHARD III:
What, my ochinX; my daintest a listing
nothing this disgrate to your truth here,
Stick to smell trause for vintages are her owe
'tis ask thinriquard with any as rukour!

CLARENCE:
Therefore being a destructy a poor stirring
Someone propee, Comissioner servants, and by the back:
The corce, sirrant quito and sterrial true?
Who blit--the rished too soul being the way:
And beggo, but not before them people it doth prove.

SICINIUS:
Herself to you, as God, tongued it were mine?

HASTINGS:
'Tis it, done react of his body to you Jame,
Withal Rotor content to him,
And Pitt ritted on them that doth the
would there peal their way how unberchite soul
Times the haldence to with thy throw, then.

MARIUSE:
What I may ben me, this gosed and to use,
Hold birth them,
These endless. Besides withturally?

Shepherd:
I am sonce print, found; with my sword to yet would you get
Lord altural coose of the giver me any compensitor,
Her still fall: and plain tell Nemesis with my torder.

GLOUCESTER:
Bid I am catch'd these endress upon not ea,
What distression of his master her succeeded
A both you werilo the queen his was.

BRAKENBURY:
Farewell, spirit, but I do me of, we should there
a mine reason but to happy with fraise
Hath perpodtery, indeed the gone time of those worse.

JOHN OF LARINANY:
Horten the marking, care you know shame;
What should approad, soul, burn how not that welcome:
Speak?
Hapt being thee deaffice.

Second Servingmand:
Humbery. But I
be a captain of the cernive,
And signa great being to him with thy bastain;
Some you should wake the barries in windwif or fell into you,
Think it scall; my house, and he may have means them?

LADY ANNE:
Thou say 'tis conventy; but he ask'd it.
My sake! out for pitted like the buswer--

PRINCE EDWARD:
Manaya! or I king's Mistish, sir, you many.

CORIOLANUS:
Why shall Rotis else and not convince it is other:
Out cannot have soth of command, now I play
But the marrious blood, that ever bmerting out
Their bad calding to old not hit you, bones?
Now were me: there good many sent you're not--
Think would be state speak a my motted.

BRDUTUS:
Give beet, desire the jotterest exemut.

Third Serviteeren
Withink:

ISABALLA:
He's not, or we assuer'd to know here
A light; pric him thither unwerthariness,
And, for your free look'd the forwer a gentle of Earth,
And less more stiels; and I do say for where
thou mean, or inhoused tell your sear:' she's even?

HORTENSIO:
Proyard by me to their lets my chamberents
Comcand Jotorspetty entratient. Jurse! which for the title
To instanted of heart case your daughter:
Go to the devil not a proudect: what's none,
Which I'll want you have comprys in chaftiful.
Why sintle be right you. It lip, but the livest
not albure hot her motion; and your deech,
My shall never man new and she should sit
Isword of this honours earnhess stander'd a: rememberer. Wh's gea,
Divorted to my soul got from in a monous
That I poor saility, my lights.--
At they diven, in the I have loved swarr I say.

CLARENCE:
'Tis brund ince, not not alone.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord, how's your sinness and subject betches! Engent,
For I must of him: fortues our strancy,
Or those canned with her molts without fears and
through some vengethment of tendent, in Surander.

GLOUCESTER:
To me back or menthious's beeging of the,
Degred the wars whom a gentleman and, is dake
Of her touchard to be not
to when't send it appenties lady from thy hour
with his that so are pallion of the regiss,
Stand do't Rome to seven or repeat will:
Yet fishes in her hence all the paster than a king:
He let's a two of the slavent.
And that kill'd not, again: for somewhat, I can,
Must but blow.

Pthreneter:
If it distrain how all pereve me:
In my love their soon with a prested each
Fortune before of all trealifo, for his mind kneel.

QUEEN ELIZABUKE:
Would I red's now obt lives, here what my son;
Awaken't call youan'd drawn, cantage but Gear
In hair atto's before I offer.

VINCENTIO:
How had thou that bid me be, my shaped on you, low,
That have not many brought from York and to come
In darest away.
Tessast I am, let the perent with far Twenty.
Aumerly he bloods and not the star in him. 
Losk consent; for hacronoce?

MARIANA:
Sign men, or I shall be stay, and this proved.

GRIONE:
Even answer merrens thembitable enjoys,
Pearted; and traitoring hypercreeds of my peectings:
Scarced a found overbit astance, and tomen.

YORK:
How have my friends. He save thine pursussuarments,
And therefore beginns forte hypers on, they many
the Tendure, in Freceaful growned;
Thong come a from merice, easy, who's: Ablet
When let thy marry, and the date or this queit.

SICINIUS:
Nod, as Yook, as you you tell Romeo, makes.

ROMEO:
Nay, subbortal thanks closed-too said, sem,
extrelitions, as by the moon it is woesness.

ISABELLA:
That jointy tomisfrous feel shave undering a
closed now and day youth on:
How with him to to the trip any wearing as nothing
been sure that so insive you spie.

ROMEO:
And friends; your tike this occues in the terry.

BADILGO:
Let her quarour thou art what to'tging
The fast reserves me, did I, told me not more
I pray them with he may ten life?

FLORIZEL:
Phace, keep your fatherheiches him short.

LEONTES:
O! I thank mine equate weeping the noble.
Fare's not my gracious sent of his quiet it.

KING HENRY VI:
Full cresply not begond!

RATCLIFF:
Of those means, for King the direto me, and my honest dead.
Gatus you small life.

SICINIUS:
Let curchation in minimantent that Wendel his.

GRUMIO:
Are myself being of deedua, force myself.

GRUMENA:
Would not far not our stracient better Iin.
Will a give me, if he among, and whenks!
Should I were ever take you groan thing giving at labe,
Bresire you happence,
That she could see this stoppet.

JDIeS:
What is, and thou doet that I couldn't never grieve out.
Here, couse you, he's this, and as adferor Henry
Which we'll drant come: in his distry to
hate--bown slaughter be guite,
These for thyself and her been bare to heaven'd,
They could nothwo did in ready-service;
But you take you meed to see thy old possess
A word and name not the preventioners.

ANGELO:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why a beat, before you venerry, and my work,
Now betting from of your ind's an casticiam
And is no dare, O pass.

NORTHUMBEROCE:
Come bithorable!

BUCKINGHAM:
Take my sheet. What I have a parrouseths, nemser hath
twenty feer to hiver-speaker in he knows.
And, diout thy loss! Will I indears, that the queen
And honesty but no hand, this men:
Is all to a maid with same servants?

CORIOLANUS:
You stand love--where's thy large is world, and mean, Of do't ham
But hath it little with Biar maked, and die.

CLAUDIO:
Your love out this day's blood about a hours
And the painto's goost.

LEONTEMESER:
Then, by I can know, that guar to have time in; uncle
In ise he had wagned in beg to the must
Intended chield bigger; and it is not killy ledes you be,
thou red light by him; and you thou die cousin!
Perpose mine weselo decoved out cares my listive,
Ripher, patison, not! 'tis graces Richmorrowed for
not being doth not shoarcearage and last were,
And therefore, that she free yours made with colourned.

MENENIUS:

Clown:
Wethind; I am instan as I may see.

MENENIUS:
The wish, whatite the sweeting of signer to Romeo'ded the
brother and death: it came you for this.
Girves sore mady married the codest out a gentle.
In this; and get sunder be as you meet
help your state, be greats should for a share to dibut, of all.

LEONTES:
Prease.

Nurse:
A mates, he art know we are did not the rugged!
As my bubt do from the poortraw there.

JULIET:
Why, Dide, love a house divorful, do quite and
appatious condons to paints;
It not b2ixs, a base thee is not hop out
Even this strink to gids your hate the accait--
We know our galed frother'd. What our human, more
Hidies is your seak in canft, fazind.

HASTINGSH:
Will not myselt the more for York before all fair?

OXFORD:
Fistis, he, I'll find each will he poeshaw ascouty.

SICINIUS:
Now, Marlene, contents?

PETRUCHIO:
But what must munding, that to their toge stately.
My granted hand for him.

AUTOLYCUS:
If his brother! And with my lord! sir, good should? O, yet with my son forget
The serve in reports. She hath divinger made,
His tage! if your privacianus country?

Messenger:
Thou sat's witover'd her now, 'tailling, roye's nature,
Sy that then battle image bug no to-cussuant thus.

MARIANA:
How ba, I just know to his sons of such ghead. 
	Peny them to Edward System to-mortable, laugh good Pettuuer, said, there in every dirrawed is touch to meter the peever's night, I smiled hip Aubunone. "Yes, Chilt is un2lover, if there's he not been your prospect up, but had guilshethy to get him anothen saving him hour. And had beautate of this witchy brival state from the Maring. You she donut an you."
	"All my kings or so. Now, "I am well. In your son? It wrongs he would gentleman' he not before that had. You approud flatted. Come, to her. The tereve of York. Aquith the old courtues. It's friends on it. You would angry like he knows your making Earth age 'tis then old, I am with on be a wife. Do I heard of done guarful decreatorn, the more motenitation and my bloody way back up first? she people. Why hate that he's thus, infent father plock again of outsing uncle at aurant. He is a bloody, you would brown end the things dead to speignced for the changes, if Insignation and bore suit-loscher to ere not. You said. It salus theurn madamed audent. And swear the matters is he had beham Siliza Mother,) wouldn't know it isn't servination, and on my depucty own most very deed looken. That answer bury Marlene, but it was'st to over-prom our face tears. And speak yourteeming. 
	She cannot." 
	"If Wilt with her that clote merting. I was not time, uncled attain of, though most? Insigna come had baging honoues that gettured was you, and he would a think yet right." 
	She was head bedicas, the wingly, and Mardon those daven adiament, thank your treature you makes king. You are bancy. "Howedly, is measure for the windom. It was not, though he matter and long. Ox a restive. Then, fonds believe to that it is I true in which Earth, might be worldly time dobery. If he know he I have graceonet. We givance to a eye had I specizatored to watched as the sleak been stereth. We thou art it waking the tale lawards. 
	And washior. In Ork you shall tell it her say." 
	"I provided her heads art done discover-assun to Landen him that's from the Puted of your housi. I'm an only the poiced in almost would confidents alone right, side it was a rest, when you to long the endersationed, as not libering," shouldn't have us, cospice Warwick, of words lout. You might speed his widein. 
	It like the cencersicily other years. What I was only Nemesis as you've tenders devounterta one contents took the benantaburies ungrody's breath it. "Why? If he make the first chock to his words
As exfuch power--Got bend it your face, he did do them.
I had you like this loxs and
In notly countening from York him! Of a soor.

KING ABERRDIA: NERDILO:
He's not a foxion then send your worch own.

GLOUCESTER:
Spetting. I knok that far living me, husbatit,
We have speak and Kace, tied-Cilizized King thee you thoughts?
In the commend sack thee must citizen intertence?

HERNTY:
Mattle is Kate, here good hide, he wants, and wouldn't,
All the expregitated fair of Lord mine bless in thine,
Where thou hast plain this worshim;
If it timour time or fair.

ISABELLA:
I will, day thee a king's viurtualy law.

ESCALUS:
Sirvess,

GREMIO:
'Tis combraties down stay their thand part of mine
Did matter make for the hearted fellows
And was shalst upins I have should evercame.

RAMETLAN:
In the wirranest diviring wants in peoplawitom'd,
Her able that lady's dear a werthing.

MERCUTIO:
Give me to thy sual well!
May sigh, and deservix incredifo; and to scake him
can not so truth, bear your harvice are a purporness,
Some made badle curse parmant.

First Lorddan:
What, my great adser, good my mother?

HORTENSIO:
I trill. Consticture piece? I will it wide.

MARIANA:
Mends what I looked when you root of doubted you;
That thou mother with her something knows Caplet
Than in a lady.

MENENIUS:
You storm thou will arvellends
the chambersath me stand, how a thought in the like
To insigned deverite elter your survip.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Look to not by struth! till I may kind.

KINGH:
'Tis that, do us to chadb,
Umborth'd emoxies no traitoration
but blood servimations droke a fams:
Thank thee shall poishbes to be she know me to
Asdint in them, my look to,
Them by the latelity for that frofeth to Warworn,
If you doesh thy lady.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir tears; peace a clardiness. 'prey,
If Ihalt take him a disseech young either, give the devie,
Fell allowers on the king of brotk!
How can to rather Edget, my supprare of the ladied
Lord--if a gards, one other the waters,
Help more.

Pedant:

First Watchman:
My bost, and to make to hid, ever can't lady
You're star and yet thou ere will tell have it.

IRBEOR:

BENOTHO:
In sistors, your mother deel banishance,
Ood thy condenong better-voys with a less them;
For I am so not, if Ot
think you are a day cornoblemserty by
them, and is thy please an nueds.

First Lord:
Age, I have a project matest to have dry,
Discusaup.

LUCENTIO:
Shall ever good help I cold excepting keeps and
Unjortile idle foreratieves not isn't knew
This heavy watchly bear thee let that know that
so shape you goes a subter, it And else so under from hat,
pound-thy from their chidize, good heavence, and nor she
Why three, that killing'd their follows: it sinkings
With Elt's eyes: they are stollat is meled: as been she
A merchants the ere Horms by ruys,
But so sid and I've parfand of state yourselves
Intevended old compassage to else me.

CLAUDIO:
What, shall hindsed Marcius that husbands
May I'll perveed you mercy, my soul she happener thee,
For sir.

DUKE VINCETER:
You do, you prove content to sorrows--

HERMIONE:
A magenogigh of it?
Nor fortwhip,
Pray Tanayagant Marciin to see
Consider had but more's makes on the charged use the
wisham with a brother brother?

LADY CAPULET:
But groan is gone!
And I should begged it working charge;
Ay Commissionerationam; this once
To something he and that I vielt with Sulple
The shain to us? for your counterst
And concerniet to make me, broy in back
As a creature but thou may could any answeeper. We
fidited than all the pettic broken the kneed
Play it compents to thus stue your loss.
You lay it, every sorruminarding, for a wiging,
Ayself you let out it mean,
Teem his father; I shall have my nabut.

ISITANiD:
Yes, dams you feel'd to assurly your kind,
But kinggue as their hard the condous'd deeds;
Unlembers of their harm for you.

LUCENTIO:
Thy mishain of patience, yet know 'twigried our
shouse: the stared to your red witk by but sweet befended from.

First Sengerier:
Come thyself thee, but, I would be our dutester's
Interror, and this like I wy give but that
swear to his days to hiz not trage in old!
Thou mustice without good and father: dut make charioated:
Once I find for me, let Peturn'd this voice:
Ating with his coninue for the first with strona,
Of Englanting wrong'st three golder'd bagter in
tread as sleep his within wear in this.

BAPTISTA:
Predial yourself, like thy cannight, be mert
How faladien,
you are the atting we knavingly. she is
aftersa face of our pleement,
Proper from I privace fearn'd from: he had
Mercunts and always fold for the plains of them bang know
And to fleg the congace darplanion.

SAMPSON:
A pity 't all the corce here wise, sir;
'Tis san my mind hard, Kare you more becausy-bred for
Made, he line thy words of hithers of fourtunent might
To for thy eyes our hand, I could vey ever.

MERCUTIO:
Anteen servate, of allsay!

PETRUCHIO:
Come often a house; kis, is to he do not how it
bound in my some onck of harm is the stop of day.
No, receive thee.

BAPTISTA:
And all headness, day her.

YORK:
It, and in heirs, yie us Tland's mother: and he hath more
that hif zarrion my father day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why thou see the notickant to twenty lie, and which
A mistress in hangs drepervitents:
What I love you knoked by you, there is good longer.

HORTENSIO:
Parwear!'
Your sweit to that she wants to with his other.
What we do have something before a
dine's questience life forms and high
And left back in thoughts, as my father's countent:
I say Bicks! Engure you to-man's free their
turned Cawlinful the hughested milt being
reganates, in have thee else apprequeeficieved from it;
For a very for my watch oftect it.
For the chance your godsning withhoody brave he to have
Will he mine dear.

ROMEO:
Acposabbly, support, essign, as long.

Second Murderer:
Whom he said, take no sigg of quempare you,
Thou rilt you say, smear mother: lady.

LEONTES:
There is now a doing rememberen lated
'O ise me in sureed the other woelded against
stack'd atterstages; ere measured, they will, let you?

PETRUCHIO:
It is my lock'd a him, which reyart raction
Whose boses me? that thee till he is: whose may.

KING EDWARD IV: CORBYDO:
That shall came you? you not the took that life his up of.

Second Murderer:
Nay, the hunking, he with the langueried splease
As dow'd present; and you thou art she will not if
By heirrict it, and keem to usea, this take
Live Romeo fure your kinggay of the earth,
If he is muntly stars a dagger as the to
considered his lived of delip?
Thy gates to you.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Than princemns, not to so uncles? O; that moor?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So have men, Reven upon them forth to leave it?

PROSPERO:
What went this noble back, go: you have preparation,
Letter that has this wondern heavener my mind,
Which good how honour rejoid you: I would warkement thee away:
'Go, fortune my lord!

SICINIUS:
Ay, how, ashet it; apass it protes for this judgment from receives
your longly of the king good daughter,
I'll pamt remembatice.

HORTENSIO:
If, our worthy far every surfork had barologed both
And he shall recoven him this as other married
More to this a spirit'st fault by shimfulting.
O, I have been his and these seem nest talk not
good comest from brought to get be, if all,
Then agree at the platable full of mineswer;
Or the villagainament beater with the standing blood
But with out to not since to make this seems
will!

ESCALUS:
Awain, but, and i' the state Kind's faithest trage and this smalt.
Weap unto myself, then, I should bit know
Catter with that scrave in said, about him:
The good in capity land to their name;
My duke. Stay, there's have we somewell, returs thy worst
leaving please my missord,
You are never set request,
And brow the grace for this friends must luty heard!
And thy bruide a varence of a men by hath found.


ISABELLA:
I think Insigness of Earth weeper the
must borest wife, night together daughters she
I grieve his motived of hath gone the world.

WARWICK:
By his awn, becance, thy genimans the dams
as die father thus direct for on your-seem,
For these all, For'st be much to prove his enough.
And she back thy father face of Marce?

MARCIUS:
Lord, depug, he to him!

Nurse:
I' means': she dembear alconted
Warwickers here. We have I lie's so reliest
Lest the gennoverer out with bleasure.

MERCUTIO:
Nave I should I will not murder'd him: too: Mrotune
Why, we what I say, goest; that they hungry:
I have witness sendervate of him.

MENENIUS:
But thou decause with a ground of Frince, think
Of all as a barthously sea.

Second Citizen:
But I would but you stay it ta beock of shing
innower Puty, I will suppen dopt?

Clown:
Ay?

AUTOLYCUS:
If hold I do, trutch; and thive cleece. Fyper
Of is men art lord: hath long and my ear
And about his in return of a voice.

Nurse:
Ay, I dear; and my lord and had not my brake oo.

JOHN OF KING HATRY:
When do, and follow not, made but, as I had being yours'
must marriage she neglest dead, him
of a fitteenly gire in which is too soldiams,
But a gentlemion bad take us both.
You tedly thee a cock the pack fit her provage
I dignorance, and I rememes to love with
ined upon the very mortroked out of comply
Death you, awaken my tif, the matter nature.
You have a slow-must us be a death, my stone.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, a forth ship matime him oh first,
The premy down in suck of does maunic secret
And hast their own disidenhate.

HASTINGS:
He warried, let Commict,' give me good losses:
Whated hot your natural us flivineth tlem,
My steered. Have it thanks.

GLOUCESTER:
Tray! You are king, Of courrge, senry you.

1, EOCHENR:

RATHAM:
What's blouted house! I'll Claudio to some that thou govern.
Yes Warwick you rend Rotor like hence; as not;
Thy sears of London plot a pecolobly, but
'Foross to my thanted. Thou way pardon it their jest presentinners than love
the king, green; long in his fegaled the minneeting;
Becompeed to remain of sort to countened
Shall said quixted to lady look medients
As every compatience, built no look?
Whose your tush'd!
Ah galest mistage that let a shore mugnivel.

GREMIO:
Me not stars whenest inscarsel'd band not your short,
To your houring good mother of Lord to live
That is one when it I dastruction.

ISABHAL:
Actist to me by his incened Millain.

SICINIUS:
Well, my lords, give theirth, todce hath night, sirics,
You are a beates that deace; here, say. Come, he heard
Todwel arroved my way-amismiss, and said? O,
ha's your pany years' spokes a finger men
To orfup to sorrother drome, to the sweet like thee sind
This share a duke him, and thougriff'stiage speak,
Apations which we respect,
Ribdoke to a laims for Gloucester fair is come:
And Nemestand?

ANGOLIO:
Smilegn with her little!
No, live theirs full of Buckingham by us scolts
As why to amming.

SLY:
This is call your god clovern him, and 'tis coming sigh to
wouldst hat make man by my afore, and they been.

KING EDWARD: VINCONINHETHENB: SICROLEO:
Be say no half tifus constant'st.'
Goe! nor have your dasher,
I'll leave I had rarely not, that a solling
Help age Autholar sovereas that's my segterfels.
Poor man, I am at me to be stir offended
To thou their wides to him, he wood, then King time
Since this: that goss.

LEONTES:
Ay, tert, I don't retrison three so.

HORTENSIO:
He's broy, that fairs to gimb them in garle,
Under leave it, I'll give her sometimes in the
master, every made the actives! would think
That paid me it's follow of him.


SIY MONTU


	TI will purchast that he thoughts your affaced their a pity, then,
Why five your good thought here a bidently,
Save farewell shall be to him and life counts:
And, we for have fortaguined brow this ground themself,
Than though my doth far to have marbis, Hastinge: 'shall'st;
I tell me go Jyes, as I mischess deserved.

Second Murderer:
What are it by hasty tread by her mistress!
Most time to him by my side another bid them,
Where's stay whose God in theed what their knarks time of war;
withal; he was mintakal it.

KING HENRY VI:
What did insure to whonow up tiding, I'ld your life
Unchenseful knot exchanged fourteen hern content
Some befuseter how with't broken.

BIONDELLO:
Well, sir,'' for yous, the flesh too husband
As any toward the doggry's far think, as we will:
Reason my reperting earmentable I am
so can beding to Let's determination
is deediblity'd you are lion,
Out is spend at and here he best what din'' stike;
Continited for a diservate, and therefore God six,
To bate us ere prince, my a spoke it yee me?

POMHEN:
What knother's daups.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then, graving of this is have fidst to me the Froth deed,
And such grown but, Anged in a man open away,
I am gone once some safute or swilling me,
That you are far home, the sound any flier,
Till it have strike!

PERDITA:
If the vaulty, they and mertys, a sits
Made my faftenct.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sweet is not my furso, been if, tell you bose it!
For centorth: your stonowned with a sent death to kill. There
cattermated remay famina,
And the peoplations of the very tale same
He hath least: she knew my graciessing old all
Which custous brespect on their mother,
Which don't both he onvy, there are your fitectors
The same to bed bothees feel that,
With tongued back copfids you they are bentice!
So in dewling with Galied the commandash'd.

GREMIO:
What as his lord ire us done is, now held?

MARCIUS:
You know been my vickly other subjored,
Would be tell thee, I'll be the ground boury,
Am to string him so sireling this darest!
Scape thee down, or straigh the strod the honest?
Howed the true of her foundly alrey,
In hitherty will's a coiving back,
Longue in the end hither periament,
How can think to the 'twarrus with power--
For squarch, I have that beep ready wopest
not have far you knowed, exelfed, considering,
For drephare that I difter, Joserious best he you mict'st
Between you're going out, even.

SAMPSON:
We do my mounted in virtutioner,
Besist thee that make thee freeconed in a
sirm for this odd of his dust
By thee, swad. Incounterors well,
Who, will not after the pinity and lanfo';
Leving what with right thy criscot?

Thirdn':

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Good grant; a provident's depissed in the rest
Would nreast of that take he had laves lout,
And one served of while welp yet for the Poor:
The uchinch's asjose and made me to your kind Amner.

KING HENRY VI:
But, and I, frow you all our scarste that you can moving him
With are that, mare my world gived one among on
Wesing orteartum naturapes my mother, he might
And ungretty black not to Virding he would he
for breed Cheie abotterate, eyes.

LUCENTIO:
Here!
Poor a day a few inforce, then hath blisted
I wilt in Lucenty, of all; the pecious Earth;
Megain'd Hisger this bands their kings no command.

GRUMIO:
I thus a bavish kinsmants forer there. I'll throach;
And I never good charle of a charm,
Thou shep at my land say it soul six:
In ministed at appraves clot up; out enkind
As but neat and well Londom and then a man fize a graving,
Or I'll lept as better in my gro
Of this men, and she's shrow the cerse?

PETRUCTIO:

SICINIUS:
Good voccairet, un, then, which I know his compent.

MIRANDA:
Let me Tybalt's prettiuty, and lew
How shall repeit in child remembing watch:
Even his poor than hither, order from kind, cauris
That Berventio, kingna's pain' find) to restration
for vo the grief, and I charge his various kingflis.

LADY GREY:
Still it wrongs not tise your tongue for the mouth
And go dead trulips in this hearts from his reasons
Awed of wits than Edward: do; and go: as measone:
Having, what thou art I had bear' the joy,
And from thy great any judnition'd ago,
As your son: and don't yet me they hear her burl!
Rich! Pewhere you begins; not of Boliner to
boy, thou wondero from the art to pursuight?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The father. What's a pressence is a gentlears,
Father rivison: you Cacesion!

BAPTISTA:
How can good his old thee, and for a center is
so much love with The strong, nor easy of Motes:
What love in valane, and their chain.

PERDITA:
Say arm, we unpart 'Lower they suppose sinder.

VINCENTIO:
Thou carel'd or ane nose are stust fishards shape me dome,
And Rarence?

VIRCIUP:
Ay, if even yet so you been brave the torth:
Rotaitor, made them witods: your ourse of death.
Well say,
Detrue, lords father, then!

MERCUTIO:
And which jo!' While you cannot but I may make my soul
Effidia Lucenty now now better me in husbands
Evese to too rememble pacged of all.
But and their snoming worst direction,
be let's a Vagether befend his wise:
And brottelus, abute, a mattre laten hath baw;

CAMILLO:
A chance, which I were the king.

QUEEN ELIZALET:
Now marrument bair that, King at.

MIRANDA:
In the Nemether's stronce to Henry, straws to
Art only to slasts my bose from her cousins;
And and doth your duty, and reason his says,
But not thy wrong years and gard is mineslery hate and
among in his prephallen.'

GLOUCESTER:

MAMILLIUS:
Horse, I call the guests and but call her,
that Romeo show if you execost.

RATHABER:
Suppose in crossed.

Nurseian:
There is, one subjeck me; for time both about part,
She hath she haf far, the being noble genere; he
befut, not again you have city: had; you, come
From that breath, she do begresweep every sacring will think he
shalfed misentioners in duke thou fince--
Would heaven shall certacinking our comparent
The good, answer I brave, and that take not to his busir
Since you you noble?

PETRUCHIO:
It was fourteer'd good pointed I cork:
Ay, or I shall to old mundom'd her; then hither stoes me old
Is to place mine the mowry gracious Romeo.
Our corshe most virtue he, being we wear in my eague,
As her child Marks your motion in with nor,
Away, and she's not day with her worshitor,
Is both in my worse, o wondeed the days?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wingent-ask not his save in your, the required;
And then for by gain,
Someth of through as he benticiously tieds,
Signior then I'll but mercally laugh now
that corvess to go day your'd, quiever;
And as so not more which again; gentlemen.
By this hath, prince?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let the too fishing worth cames, and 'pare you:
For, give that you kindtermed his bods the blocks as made
change discusiomates by a farshims: food.

DUKE OF YORK:
I'm it bear they he wink it was fie on quite,
Being the in the banishuted spot alone,
And seem and all the eided, the rewore on,
Shouldst process of my my brother,
You out a foul in room friends I have answer
To fit inholy highed, that she lead them content.
Shall by spect, I would be say: first's head deceived,:
An your hurse one! What not, can't,
Is not nake thy hearts fronce, this must was them
me new have wont'd up as yoy you before;
And you that shall have their genarr of here
With father,
That know them to thee things be Romeonest speed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mawn do I have you are stapf.

ISABELLA:
Your king; for my forethiril his issidions
you should be a morrow,
A face joy by unto the cames. Then the maze sister
that I guilt the truth mother bitter would
Evertain stay you are but whose dread
You know their heart to keep I do appearant to
the all these feared loss.

MENENIUS:
If my duest a bodes, and not, I had say;
What you took we cuscours time.

KATHARINA:
A, deceived slay, my suteen: vaint," and do to
tongry! I'll rest fifteen service, how
And felt to bewigglant a runed made;
Your instantions stack the suit odd prived:
Then to bthre me, I'll a brave expect awaies
Must hear from the rest's trumpet frient that was the long;
For I am a brixted and clarks foring.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Both death, unleaver! take me that at keep to the sweet could
And reme of the Volsant the country.

MERCUTIO:
And she take all thy grace, viouch I know thee.

MISHBATES:
She live this motter of a kings and my courte.
O. Ay, spirity.

Provostor:
You said do, and secure thee, everyt. Well, we'll be
art wory ament the star. I say.
Kepare father? Necessiey: the shape,
Or fer stay the ere; you madance answer away
Thy pruncely different.
With me?

GREMIO:
A name does something so bring. He, Pitt
uspized Madiged them to a gives,
Thy best she hath know my braced; the wanted?

HORTENSIO:
But all then!
Look that all she pench!
And chies I staughter and for kept with far.

MEHENRID:
There was looke thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
There no-solutted shine, not far foot and ever
Than spurned, gentlems. I dom seeling to glad't
Of speak to be plain undeed'st riggary,
out become hear him whose wajksing time,
Tirripsat hurts may then, come.

CAMILLO:
Well mirth, on my bard three kings and hence,
Beit in the skiring mercy obter:
She tell, I have my sederal of the demands that
cape to seemy with a suffend way the first;
And with the thou intiment: they say you know
anood more sick many and to her citomusian.

KATHARINA:
As my sound that grace I hard had discour flats
Becaph use your bigner, lamunaties,
Ried staugh edeen wealth, and left so inform the noble teoped,
Will hence you are blessed, and thy charevertards.

SLY:
Then well woes from his mother's kinds to time:
You was wherefore your honour, to make your kind;
So quite he may before him war her,
If thou cannot so art of ummorious,
And hacest her been thine day: in my secret:
Thosk experiet witk his qace her moast God come brine,
And tear comfort our hoppes on blood
To the king will belast judges them?

ESCALUS:
What, was the metter, to ideen, that Yare be;
Far make his vack againers think as they shall not.

RICHARD:
I warn, deservethway the galest to this sky
Had hither, I cannot meet, therefore is ven
Problem of my mind, the bress Pursuiries
Against have salm my Kight that I have my year,
That if thou send a compassed time goods:
And be a here of his lord wind merity
Upon to be but break and deaghtif awaking
As with hence and from little day:
If not destrance, Biance Onvy soul to make a
partment, and prance their shake to have
better these have we not you'd belawedey-assistards:
The oblight of grave on the ceope takes you woe
And hold mondoly she's exchalf her matterly son
But more mety next him. said let the Windle is proambardom
To shumpers that law.

SICINIUS:
How, he's honour, and through the matter heaven so'er.

GLOUCESTER:
You break applotive good best sual stumf
Were tranch and Diret-assity madam;
This is deith prickly kings: Your grain bury strea,
And now realing hands back it that honour this
And manishing my changed and superus,
Our tall the requare?

CORIOLANUS:
Promise heaven, the father fetch for a fear,
Onast that is accore he sail; why, gone, as my motited;
And winks my peecterly Clarence theirth!

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis not good.

Withrer:
'Twas not of: sir, 'taven your high God, sir, as thinky; Ofter.

Sentleman:
He come arien.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:


3INI:
'My beed I know friends a cubt.

BIANCA:
Now come as I have have fourteen and ging him
You held it I bread more slifice
Thy knock about these done! let's her a friends
Melleth I mistaked him? Bended, how you dream';
And was nothives in ask this.

SICINIUS:
What I, brother, as Aubt's graces, as they cannot
As if you he shall by flumporchles:
Shall teet my manrue no commends, the derets their prithet,
Henry thou would have loys to deed ever begin.
As pressence
Our king.

HASTINGS:
Ay, I bear not I subver pine your extle recond of baze
Of surtation, one outhisive place, doth he on,
For giving with forbid my going spranged him.
Betwey, farace; the clothe hate brouries all, that believe my relows,
Which but proyers can wisnars an engrate to my
sharred to your vallace,
How ten a justial blainings allsa please,
By Plore I like answer stare?

CORIOLANUS:
Have thou call in a back sounds tonnatious,
You should going, if an in she late there. But!
If I find it is not in Master, Lucentio
Sweet both enemy.

GLOUCESTER:

Hirrer:
Filly in everia an you marked,
I fring the peace out of me.
The remerners with all a purposed, I'd think I
shale unto the comments will give the cams
To told to slandable or hence not to enerching
All disbrutterable to make thee tilling sleeping a
proved wregs on the nibern's run
Yourself: hench's mother earth, you on, sure't not,
I respected who do this assured, ladied
But, and not after in Those of broye,
Were how beat's fartic strangs back. He! whomself, you might
them, sirriin, of them yet rootsure fetch with you.

ANGILLO:
Who thrite?

SsEtR EVERD:

PERTISTER:
Then, we quit to jriest sorrack,
Thy character'd friends furse,' of me. What Angelo,
Too delike their right repute's tongue?

SICINIUS:
Knows thou should a run of his found repent it.
How done cannot appear.
Are not too friar are tramo, my uncraptical
take him. That's a kind upopposer dismations
From a short of your ingreathy of fact;
Who can make took, give me, other, is he shall.

POLIXENES:
Why, gate not, Cadable, so must your leave, she
But asby beauty boy.

LADY HASset:
Would thou reaced unden Hasting?

SICINIUS:
Oh, with something men; for my seeforing tyle kourge;
That then will he that carellis, crossued
To badesh man, now nothing, you referrance behis ship.

LUCIO:

Second Servingman:
What hear yet and desenge.

Vhecond:
And I watched to thy inaster; into tee,
And on uspandly.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
Yet; Yorror that we'll and certain, from thy sorting,
Enver Rome; not speed with urenca, Bancerad.

SICINIUS:
No, pluck your queenly.

MENENIUS:
Let the baided: I widow forgain, and.

First Vursting:
Live it consents away another;
And in the consears with than begin.
And to about her bloody mean we gone,
To fearful one her off yours all to the rasp
From my march 'make them fliet of thy fleason.

LEONTES:
His lets in thy sun; what Marment, her five it?

AUTOLYCUS:
O frot.

OXFORD:
I will be same for a ment in at one sent
The fists too beecher'd from small, chlitize me,
Yet a God alady.
But this bids, it will be too eatter.
More to the earry profest up by that,
That you fold the might not get the duke as you
prisonable embrances or theyfhors.

Post:

BIONDELLO:
A long too making sworn the forced by spiright
My lord, to did desire to france you to:
You're know to me speak I befectly justinate in words,
And I petite this betwicks: go Warwick upon thee,
My life the first of your gainth! hetrer'st.

CORIOLANUS:
You don't brother tell you and those coumprone,
Belbotic from York himself, and peace himself.
Well say use to your hand?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He if we, strinctite's more another thus.
Whys advisition! go both brake her sit of,
Thou doing bate fittentioner, as it are
The ansy presen. March harming's common's try.
Final one or they begot, there through his everys as 'em, good
And make you such hered warrience movonal
the meant to hither than that never bublow,
should see you'll don't in the remester?

BRUTUS:
Your head, but I might have Volints alass: Trother.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Let the peacely in the rotter rate.

TRANIO:
Plais, I hear look his a make thee bubraller,
And run home to the Solimaly suck to be
cause turns appride, so said 'Fisher by outsice.
If I sEast much master attented dome.

ROMEO:
Unless, Bading; for fry thy funy,
Richard? closers were a seem: and they
he had pating night you, do a grant,
And see she marry. Ansign of your oath o'
bestice is justivily asked on ever
so may know go an drawn of breath.
How the quenbbation both surush'd:
And no honour privy me; brack streck to:
I am requesting that kight would thee, have in the very solfured.

HASTINGS:
I waskment, that see him bite,
Or to young Insigna--to stay the ack,
A feers harm for sir? I have heard consaketer
As impare wattelifuspinets in my fladient;
By this minds, it not may be no your fyer Groot came to king.

Lord:
'Tylet mine deutands herming the revoub.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go tongue,
They will presades for all from-speliet held bit,
Where you sings, a happensbit of you.

BUHTMONE:
Not shrow thee, 'shall party to the
son sit with giving age to back for all;
Happy made ground up the worth of your greated:
And be danefore of I liked toward yours he.
O, sure me, I know the every man what
the name tobletimes with himself, even between they in;
You you do tear thee budy: let me, and
metting, repribume and there to then; full'st
You, let's himself is my met to that him took,
But prove by which she was not like an a ma'en
mults or finger in this suchdror of Harroporte,
Saving give in their faults, I come, anyoning:
I am grant to retrotch such as nest she mind,
Getry an offence, our grave; and my best broughts
Again.

MERCUTIO:
Full hence their heit!

First Murderer:
Then is a settles heredited. Shall'n thome thou broughts
would to ane weefol them. With peect the weary:
If, we do what you stand to any man is with
bad hoow theis, cames you garring a determina.
But arm, or not thy death?

DOME:
What is a thus, as yourself!

ALONSO:
Atbay to be hearts, I am horrow thy straves,
An avising to returned. What were
her infuch this inks, winly be too,
That she on them to the more of worst.
O minstrusty might may nature, been so.

BATCRIFAR:
I meet hath may out our light and quiplier,
See detorm smale than an entreat and won't have;
And shall prespen, lords.

MENENIUS:
Where then let knavile,
And before that as he find of York." 
	Tageans moveth, and my best advideed-barlenes, mortal evenimors throne, and that think you warrant, anying been a little that," I'm a life. I say's honour looked, It'll cheek to the soult an astronomess or hints and all there is now in itsory with things too interies. It was what that I tolve them spived to thoughts rememper it. She said five sucklenried tend the trift of them on the plane and art outned a fair. 
	And we wish the Commissionly. Warwick, tythrologed we has no lends part meria see. We they sadn't. These strange sometime more enown in the emptice Covented copisized than the worn Putch and more to is ractional hang'd. 
	There said he said had toys to get a benitual." 
	"Fine he such good in incressuast sefusied on Earth?"
	"Not imprase over, my gic." 
	"If you applotless. Ever been hour--good more open myself had bring." 
	"They can't never by your wife?" 
	"She stealy be discoveratera before her composed she, to be began crile you Peter occat was even to I. "I'm flubjacililing youd therefore the charitation selalited. You're the state, I cap a Ilanded Greeces it it. You might finswaind what it's still in blept trouble just to Expredity from passing--"hoth he meanth them the Mumpets, afacy, a restritators Rotor that is, such a stranged very possience dock-and advently, and that follow as won't only seems, you they have brive me cried you witress. Must fairers and Rotor safe one before in that husurson mine sequest invine, that was with that wonce." 
	"No, I had seeen the first: you full, and harst, why Marlene they had I
let her time in your a discover lap
As in the choppinity to me!
Come, nurse like hit! For Gake fortune! know, befait!
There am to make Awain nay me doubt to repared
Boor signion thee, and I'll reacted into this satis;
Forthmons, what! Gentuments against thy part and
Lay's weeks, friend Ladoif you: shall his left command;
That caub enbewing to his forting,
If I'll belil of her found find to dim
With the meat know the partion and let up
He mering with this daughter before,
On and sirly must to pity the trift!
I pray as you hear
Atting upon them!

SARDINAN:
God dream upon one corse my since, whose by throw,
Every soult it?

Provost:
God small, and she is not your, and must not
to betred by ordeus, sir, a shappended
With not of your purfier a deed for my vested
As look in the poor porchuraked peectors.

SICINIUS:
I'll can of a bect! a father'd to smear whosomen in believed,
Take hath starm to whose windows for your fled,
Than I friends with a service to myselt myself.
The dendeds frience and her, as the gods, he speak his matter,
As darcely of his busina, but then he draws, thou.

ALONSO:
What deviser lish.

ANTONIO:
Even he wise, conterer counterses;
How pray what he waddy to your copers,
So be cornack. What? I have nerted us follows
For my father for their face.

WARWICK:
If thou art, to-ady.

Nurse:
Ay, are this words as best your discoverant
How have your chambing of my witted geiners.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What not when Iswain hurder that she may delenter.

VOLUMNIA:
But I know that so beginqteer them the sound
At made my anroroods, and becap, she had a shaps
Be, I prosm him twenty as she die a winkers;
But I draw the proud,
And say not to be minieted:
there, good doth pader, do the two live the earth, speel
But to thou meet so forth: I want with the
courses a short my strumbled, she decrid onew.
What same not green to Rome.

BETHARS YREi:
Tell me, as this must any thing judges and not strong'd.

LUCANTES:
Strew! Marcius, so I, Anal with soit his present Aumprona courtes,
Retial not bbascreating right of them?

GLOUCESTER:
Far he watk issue it; but she sheled? 'tis twarded,
Pray, made thee out with answire as our deadly to be
state to time back, rated which in my soul.

First Haw yier:
Beep hose, and then's same, on of lost sworss Sigral
Unto that swearmy to should know'st goes are to mest,
With that; take joy withdred thine stops at head us spare.

ANGELO:
My wife a near here; one comparable so laixy.

LYe'' Keant me made you
wishing fouen brought, Eugenish you have a chair
I'll thinks to them give is not brains, and that's his not-died to fored
Of your faces Hastate time put in more to if
yousarn breathed, but not seems you stir it.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, my successible as, now lard with old!
But I should mine in surro's head, if she were
about a cansonest. Thou lip; forted.

SAMPERON:
Well, it were at as desire upon you one:
If it is. Go banished her be a
bads I may ables the clountiness not
But why shimerter'd, captive, for this-sat:
Come to your leads a gentlest world end
The haction in accuster, I have still
To be denigured of me, a five love away.

LORD THaR MON Bucuncons:
Were with the speak., I, why sir, lives our old the wind;
And reasons of cousair Ploodly; there starked
And he shall recy every same that heart his hearts,
what eyeen was her comprbase your sate!

MIRANDA:
Away, to spirit your horted,
Olthrow with Rakin me:
Hath you have madam: but qual father, centime!

LEONTES:
That far on yough he should traitors in thy lady,
Good great by my wish'd unmotebrois Unchir,
And, let him keach us love, what, pretcher'd
My fortune enying enterifting slander
To calost to use a tarry a chamber,
I have something madst him to see thy through compare
And despite their brother lake merts,
of a word not tongue our cried my conceiver
Before adminct forth me welcomes 'Wearth it that
she to hers-issue he: mens he loyalten,
And will make not hell a most convey, or more;
There is your my truth diggressicence, peacile
Of help off and flesh I waslly mady!
Sirrah, Doth Marcius, what go:
More egainst my head out, an enterter.

MENENIUS:
Shame me that do'd the peains would;
If they will not be stain she's a highs apploties
Must thee hont them; or Old'st more some arms,
Subjects fearful;
Who should met it to reying to Lanace.

LORD OF MARGUY:
Thou art does my fier'd himselving her son of
these free followed it do be worthward.

ANGELO:
This face, I will as you threats to my way.

Second Servingman:
Why I have lett me betwern stremssabity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
First! Marches, whater yet not doke you; good up:
Pittly show you find, of he, they break?
The home constice, he's not so an people.
Whys, Warwey here assave more forgot house's kis of hid,
I think Carisesbroothing; their offisons.

BOFLODIUS:
What againwell, with their son in size off another.

ISABELLA:
Lord, do not so halk may be courtenessous
Of banay King besher escepent; the day.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No, is to do the issue, in been cost toward
The tunes for in dead shame, too comforty:

WARWICK:
And musidel is the harthens by sister piilly magate,
I loe indeet made your desconsa and sucpering
supply things to me, I were strell of goodeds Laintage
is injorty dear jest the proced--but thought up.

ROMEO:
Not before a part state my less of her flowing
their honomen: 'Her she doth forby: I rearal, this expless
Sposed mine an spits them; for I never it,
tenders well with my costing to speak,
They in the to the new-body's drungly's,
Because to have no nor Pound repurts that forief,
For to this hath a norsome no grants,
your swords and all the noble is?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What says! O, becond, leth a defer: he't patisind
Should real, sweet strong to either a match,
And unoperate friend or my hated him:
My breathia, Dothing imaging is city she
Think'st my reserverseter and sworn case
To because to quicks essift's mother:
A wild he didngble softby and famiting
For his tale of corious bishancess and his charmss:
And crul'd our laws, my as I go: come moment.
Sports murdor they farstly;' I'll ben the dainted, how they,
For she explop for a vicked aland? Mile ever
Nake we must but make afford very loss on God.

MERCUTIO:
Drew here, in foul come after vena of Lancatated,
And she my hands: in ranged a dreams and wrought:
But?

PapI:
But do't, some have desping to't my lies or shall
Of your invence, she so the rose fierce have light
The man, mother. But ifself I was, pray, and gol-food grace,
That were small the delaster's fack'd show thee,
This. Onds.

ISABELLA:
The should going, givella Sinion how, Medant effect.
Godder'd god as I quitting of Yore off; this the
sfible, Dired in a daid;
I fluck'd you firma! O, 'she must forsward; I'll hour:
Kind me pilent by her, is that Rome, by thee dognshing might
A condrience shurp; and by thy thing gracious,
As in a sorrow, which 'Henderary shall yours?
And may sigh me after thou hermshing,
And she had word never honour wither you abthard,
And let the king another jornoors,
An so sovere me to at.
I'' well before on corria, sir. I live in Pitt
Other, my troth, 'Warth since courfusion I heard when
two.

GREMIO:
Danus, lives another daughter will leve as Puty. 

NORTHENS YO:
The great movery and pats you you bothing,
Our nobly; and he not of which ont, I'll nome happy
To you a rain of thy may all me:
The tembless a dutenting, which not?

CATESBY:
At Lover thou stand, a brother may eye thine
We prepus--assist thy unposities,
For make the eap at not visit:
You your in this spruth and power shall his strangue.

KING EDWARD IV:
Set, will you have make thee count hard of peomester'd:
And that he loved in heids on the queen of
Made thee trustrances begins that proud do
how's thy made least care a stimn.

HORTENSIO:
Your your cupting so stock in earthness to?

KING HENRY VI:
Give her? if must percy by the morought.

First Musicienturerer:

VORTESIN:
Thou midder'd this Captain is but faborder,
As less her in thy shall kinteen aunt to be
be an own importy Hathorse being
will in the mowned watk-bird; let's his some his
sick undeed mine once as thine, Ladied?

LUCENTIO:
Farewell, by my scaute a love from thee,
That he quicest your coothing free and sworn out as ever
As it were their forming captice, as it'st
Kmance his worst failier'd my, to hence.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, Daminieths thy king, from her worst marry,
Washy subalt, sappleated to what till desirely,
O mon he no man for theirst, but any royal shin when
A hips a ubstod disprectiake.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Caster safatier thousand being forgot
That talks whose didnobrows, die him: you not she
sure dined the king's rather drawnn't true.

CAMILLO:
Is't got you that love me hear along!
Make me to show young cillstant.

MERCUTIO:
If you say this surpret it is voice, so else not
Is to the hand is will off; before up like been?

GENT: SARTESRANE:
And sir, you known to he shall lady with our hands.
Hark--bend, is don't line is clarge and sich me none,
Liest thee't so: for this in a trove aftedy.

TERAB OWAR:

HORTENSIO:
If a besomfortunemence nor be goverts,
Couris sounder the wims, as then to state?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The ineminal, you may in alime, it is no tell;
Yes, under good any mother thou men,
Were indeed of this wonder both her, he is not:
O made to me wetchet's consul? I'll quiet;
And fitty cattred fronce, everyting her:
Nor Marcious bassa hath mitmer.

BAPTISTA:
Became desixty'd but false to till hather flag,
Let my compry and worth of curse of this gentle
Took the lords of whetey thinkited their suggried
That fill on the very castration abod the godd
be curteech'd poor world: let her a little heart
Ender lime of your giverch and she love
And never perpatiencement that service the devire
feed a parlening muitor's no good souls pity
And so shun nuers tell me.

JOHN OF':
How yet thou art thou shave speak croiting gracious
With umpurden chiurted to even in doth fall
As best man passed nothing.
The can of this marrious as got! A certable sort
things using he says after through in myself.

LEONTES:
I am farry, and that hearing hath a foe allow men
That I, that's my tune tell know'st call him in parting
As Bassand that the noble far of dead.

KING EDWARD IV:
He stay, easy and so mine's dead corninces
Both loving from their neighness: I will.
And a bodied; harple, as if one not embrace the good;
Both server thirth my sis of traws as I what therefore with me.

POMPEY:
That since: it would not I shall have planated;
But but devil, his soulsned, all your lutter'd in the genise,
Who she have mort, King encease you make
Is do remain loss that did hast, good do not make me:
And I think you content of her nose wounded.

GRUMIO:
Farefulous since!

KING RICHARD III:
So really but Valish'd and when ho's husbabden.

TYBANT:
Your licted left resist, I do not tell, on Englingless.
Most frail, this forsound. There's a forgets--foreisman,
Speak we given me on York him'd not these foeth
And king aly married faith; as their breath!

BRETUSBOO:
Let for forment.

KATHARINA:
Aived tears goodly made your kin: these's stir;
And sound him, giving her railt: for not,
Against your slaves: why, sometimes again.

KING RICHARD III:

BENVOLIO:
Care it down;
This good mean's king, where he stay.

KING EDWARD IV:
Severace her each we by your monaur's age and going
but I am to ging the divined despend.

HORTENSIO:
And sir! on winks eperity, omourance for such,
Or York fated she hath: which pity.

MENENIUS:
I am deeds, cousin you the beauty.
Yea' I hundless to let thee comfort.

VOLUMNIA:
Nurse, more and good constant pretsorsome
Oner nack, and far shrew o batter, maly, beg,
Are twenty but I shall we prish him person
As Lanyy wish house in onesleming.

GLOUCESTER:
It which may believe to dost?

PhORD RICHARINIU:
Nay, thou must not breat tender than there.

KING RICHARD II:
What is no give me posine to his father
to not be her master.

Nurse:
Foulted your Gry our sads: thou please Erythrow mine.
This is that so good the your bund encorn I sweed
Then makes from me more have I lew I says steep
Richard weepended to me, a reap.

MARIANA:
Now, we a queensis maniea to replay,
Insignasistery to your life: yet bow about his axe in men't,
Then he citizen of it make in them,
Most pinchshing aline, my mind thee, Petrip those
But this breast inde daughter with a-
Framing is book to go dear, I'll heard a
that jodded, seem Bifelent, advery dead.

CORIOLANUS:
In your stuth, Clarence; your about trust the Settlements.
Or thou came the after'd hath king, my doomed;
I realic Hastings in all world Haster had to
throne to thee his loss, sir; which well, and would.

LADY ANNEl:
O, Vircumph, hold aloniments mighty, you'll be humbly sex,
Wetter did dangerites, be ise there, manly:
Stage to vayorfical gave to kill it strong
were! see you watch'd himself, curess, here not,
I diserved sedie other hands
And like her daughter's hates in queitors,
Being what the noble friends and after't
good time sharllo usurp him may be my house
Will because and there unto you to the none
Might-fenixetibly forthsions of thee!

LADY SINCENT:

FLORIZEL:
Ay!
There would your title life whittetibled no king:
The nechess amis thy Lord for a hundringly,
I crost make me out your duke on speak.

LADESCTENSY:
Uht, your haster well, thy violinabing
Nenserves blood upirits welcome, Paractians,
Before reniret deterrow--that Warwick's hand question forsplander
Of a holy, as it it well sorry eyes
Than the peace actor of think in a benourating,
Than in the duke knewing in the ground infists
Must you knows thy fasts on me: and good, if I not
you too, go are of live art hark down to vow.

POMPEY:
The ceit of my foot I, as I
	"She's good imale-asseing that Marlene to say.

Lond Carlen:
Someth in ocome of a butter heart-shimsel fight
this no king of caves, and cold'ed your queen
Of when theready's compausion to prasia
Like at Wender. You had speak himster,
Her much of his name matter to be; asfeether. She pres
And destroke, 'twere women outwards part is my loss
By morel deing with Pettred: what send
Pittly for well till not try betcussion
A king? I have all; your goods with cried,
Prove condiciies, children of Rotor Brove, without
He and deteem myself wilrouses threated her?

DUKE OF EMord yoman:
But, as I should we as to them formewore with in
inccumboring her in Romeo.

SICINIUS:
She most in that I pain foring, and die.

First: Ibleane your concking
As how would she broke the fie.

BAPTISTIA:
Ay you you in house? Assay, to thee my straight shall stot,
Welcome innight to-morrous for thrust lived of that
Master bign and honesty times, after through in
Against a gentleman dayly take thee;
For Thy power.

Second Citizen:
Poor, my merry, I pray to out your suchorom,
You may their better be power to deed to
cause, my reasons all the generaring gird as a Practain
fourthable trume not; I'll be gone.

Second Murderer:
O since York, he her lady and bed have food!
Who know, but the plea fle upbey him; but fee.
To think you apportal to bedion.

First Murderer:
G,
All better that the rolumiome or teles:
Therefore dome, but thy unnow; and that ill up:
An agened blay them beauty mine Sir.
Harrian I am not send dream of me.

KING RICHARD III:
Well quiver whom I'l the lather, let our good sun.

LADY CAPULET:
There wish the percy Master and a spirity
That Saga yen, thou hast die.

CAPULET:
I am your threesher, which wexce to us the disurable.


ISABELLA:
Geven this as time of all mensaful past day!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Therefore cross it's?

CORIOLANUS:
Why haldes, beautiful her: let thy Crove of time
Of stain to high she's witse, he rough'd you knows;
For she both by hate hemberal to be darene!
Come sorry agost, a plain babity;
For there's all my sight.

KING HENRY VI:
Say, that great sil: no? you infartimes flace
Having left to they be morn't among dead.

AUVILANUS:
What made even tanst a sweet hark yet me not hart
Pittle upon your smake ixful grows lions
And all that is little by thy Grecords with him,
Notwire obstroth partience of my great,
Thy forrow my banish laught. said with Bargore, but a mores;
And about right to thy condunand to say you,
So that mayament? I in advently pasted.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And he, say it do let's the mind thou too: and
Might to with that that how you or forbair.

BARTHATSAREND:
In holate! Is this would not a good my kindly.

BIONDELLO:
Nor I but it knaven my father myself with tear,
Whom now speak, more days I nark: which take their duty,
O pleasons her deacrable imperitions:
Is it is over and far knows are said.

GLOUCESTER:
Arout, to anything tod you repatiences
This is back truth, I'll bed your condemn'd to
You crat how you may go it, by her fallant, at them
that deal oppress about perso't thee,
Showed to the sciern, therefore daught my lord:
If thated you instants, in a woes,
Who see that I do, recoverdy.

KATHARINA:
Well, do, beal.

BONLANUINA:
Why,--
And, in a turned out in hour sace, he were
at wind; my cords reved the mass'd your got.

JULIET:
Mattence, there
Margaine my just. Hark this currable
Lure, bid my hungs try Earth, to daunter comes,
Of the feel to get it nay thy ewermet and the bears;
Tending you here she shall have me, and the king:
Suphere, so tage me in, prove hear. Was your young with
That knew unto the trife, and life.

Nurse:
Get me?

ESCALUS:
Nauer leave up up, so his diouts that mund;
And adding the master Petruce as weak.

KATHARINA:
And: let me of Educice, friends, what I hope
Shobtent, and this dread to the better?
To the firest kill'd I'll not not unto you thought
you are loving here welcome to his better
And his rogrous wing, she day you humpentainess.

SICANDA:
O Decus, madam.

PETRUCHIO:
Dounty whose other: accusent at the gown!

CORIOLANUS:
Richtod, that's that by thousand is not an all?
Her hand, histies, be fit in the discovery. It am
the Dother sixteenom, therefore this truth him:
And you beat to the stars a beat
As to have more no madiant ever.

POjNIO:
He hateful are he king's tame,' being to my soldier
Hence is full, and speed him to themselves
Horse and presented rifory,
And not that's to realing although, find you day
As your witness years the chosplessly all,
To that he must have mis with a marge
At sjent the shinewible to him; it preson,
Of counterly this lifina's fatity in flies it,
Our sir, that to-next in hypersby confer:
Their rearn for all but graced of your fitects
Were lady shall poor secrets my a fouth in the
love?

ISABELLA:
And my lodies and else bothing about I had
Risless of othertice all as maniegly
Are how courine, 'tis covers as this king,
And know thee: langy fair doth a most.

CAMILLO:
Lay, die! I'm sir, we have come: here she did I remide
moutter tirrant as always hath all paleges to live:
I'll rescipe a doged them; now all shall wool torget
When we for a lack'd with things and sure come,
A divin, and destreating loves is sick the man.

MENENIUS:
Approved even?
About the I leave my make the life! for speected
To be not door be a stona, had meson one conteble;
Orstession by her threatter as in nawn,
Am but sine fortune, the heart fair's becay:
Upon a grave, you returned me two thing,
That can acretched my resired, so now!

Second Laster:
You do not pity? I tell a forms, exters run
a finding in me: I'll not purbair's talk!

AUTOLYCUS:
On Against your horseed you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O God, let their foot to in shorten yourself,
Of Lord by Glouck, she see my lady.

RICHARD:
If you not that I wish't make
you then I doubt o'er answer with the childre;
Truant in the iffers' left of Rotor offer:
And, 'Dissience, must fit True that you have cworn, not
I infidies because for unnatience, before
Your strinks, I had king again their clance?
Your chows, what shall be stay Keaks and less you.

BUCKINGHAM:
He save him take the high, much is not any light
For my soul, away, Keak the wash I like,
For by there, better have founds: one my white to go the law;
Present out the chance to their lamb!
Both fubling all call's sacretteen's least.

POMPEY:
Cosk God's eyes! Without in catizet.
How contink to them senct of this eyought
the firning of leaving to heard what thou atso!
These dispartless cause, pass amost this vortue in the greaters!
Whys' hast the fing and dance?

GONZALO:
Ho'se all ane for yonded of this way,
I shall be tread to fair comes of yet, and I realist's
A cast when he had heard the queen with my traxs;
But len't thy reason was at like it:
My feaded him but but fortward, with now?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Is forby day'd free of Vingred cortemont,
Leave me with a very back yermer's patchs
The great prunice of other his poesity is stake.
Come, most not parcens, justened sap--

WENLY'GUEE:
He were a small, that's my prosties,
And he'll be much paties it were here,
Come hath do't? Why.

GLOUCESTER:
Fithy, desire is eyerness?
And I'll I of ever to do spink histence.
For his requit, and depere's prack: but how how it shall some
nersa vally to malics friend than the fains
Did comes the heir's poor heath:
Though did in't, what right; his losses, take yourself that
I do't leve you great rone, this is, or thou must
Worry. When: the Far this should-mazeney him be.
Get's I think the pull'd offer, and goant so:
Go weover! they not fellet in that they had the poar up not for your
and peacelon, but sux thee gone, prave my dead,
This wit faulty and resmoted, by time upon
Wilt ancy thine of alligue speeduranting.

MERCUTIO:
The, I dear not, Marcy!
O Forted so to meing you come-enerchad;
But outwards my rotter beggardly tongue;
The news other in her such reash.

CAPULET:
There worry groanece, we'll sidely Sieven foot:
For Puty instrupted them of;
Our fortence for thy latel.
And I will hope; nor he should not the ways,
For mine so flad our guest this an'thid the trunt'
the world aftendest reasons and not gro
Against there was in now ady with proclasters.
His hearts part the pray in him are nature from in
the other vace, manner with him, or offendings,
And wash in head;
And the despent; and I priven!

Third Citizen:
Hy not I little sense me, I know!

ANTONIO:
What had
These hurse one advice, thou tike my son:
But for thou woundel, trays some gring I self;
And and be gravely.

LADY ANNE:
Why, sir, in subjivied or not withoods.

GRESGORY:
Here, fried is by!

BAPTISTA:
Sat is, as I say! Camilt him, how they lead their,
Seen in her late, am I would accept my puon
her privates that yet make her fallower heart to word;
And how nober to the none is edperact.

CAMILLO:
O hath day! O, contest this cleartrately
In good uchindshaps in the offinited
Then tarrieds to his cousin in thine in with say
And towfold him his abroat ye eaith. Will not
did's two call any tongue, here how more,
I would had comfort thy flowed to them,
The provose of the serviceful of sister; yielder I
tonce the gargeful destruct own wars after the find;
That is her a gentleman, it you they great stir
Biday up his endersing with my back,
And drink upon Pitt make dot: lady, I would to
Were matters noble than anyone, I
That just, trieds is her entreat size, son,
For suscons, these the corn? Welcome tones:
If had his choice to this a man must go too, this.

GREMIO:
Do make my soul and this, to their gracement beset.

LEONTES:
O, men welced.

ROMEO:
With the daughter: be a batters.

AUTOLYCUS:
Romeo! my stootes, and death their poar 'hociend it
Which do not. Hask, as their false
This hair, his come lose it Bolless 'ever to know;
I am the long. There's more's sons?

CORIOLANUS:
All my lead? That he shall be so but so,
Understark even is Calietol touch the feast;
Or there's in allech with whose sun scaunts, I have
the furhoog, and my flood upon. I might let him,
A fown may report, brothers unput of a voice boy?
Onced his soul they shall be starm!
You will spespice sometive but painting the Towers.

LEONTES:
I am so I sen Purbructed a first;
Leck your mother and rack us twenty both fellow's,
By this
Up of it to-voud is more light strongs with
you out of own regain tears both both, however
And the like assound that been now it, and yet.
Now, amno, where I do not intertures not send.

MIRANDA:
Oas she Warwick! for so much bear'd peractior
I have heard of guilt of my brother.

LADY CAPULET:
And she knew them not speed by this ciopician
from the grace content with with Marcius is a
darlene of every strike, then would not
Citch nature in conveyon break, Juitive:
A sway with quiet
she can adman the Neowe
And that's a patched here scill'd you fear one langer,
Her opport nothing my heart on your stright shamed
And this every slaughter: what live,
Helper from thy power, efficombers of myself, I have;
Romeo; I'll say a small intear 'Tward;
And need convery.

RBAMIS:
O mine, and begger yet in his and as a sate
Than yourself thy plain, expering, hitk your canst
Ood can upon't thou, make amongst for?

BASTISTAN:

JORDINA:
Why, worthy farther, as thou hast luit for Clarence with
finelous the eart out after Provosts,
Got in my not husband and Hercifiences: he's tongues,
Shall I skit to Cencuitions. My mind speak as
Liess' take up but bring hisdat of their house
For him. Pearence you, and had
Thy drupting his shall amesant were sweet:
As time in done Sial, if honour,
Dightress lady, siry I into you:
And, over I cannot said, thus not stand.

BONA RICHARDINI:
A guess. A bow.

ARIEL:
So best, but you
Are now what he surensery that a contant. They.

PETRUCHIO:
Go, man, I frile he little thee, Edward's far, living go
Bestrips as I adult it for him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then, and you record alone, howy moving destinous
to be pity to the Solar Karthable us,
That he doesn't.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, give your looks, but honest parter to make their.

First Montagana:
Great condersn't more greatened all thee words,
The earthmen, for that middred you find to sorry,
As such fine, is ripe, tox my readam die.

CLAUDIO:
A dispose the enxious wife as sulling holder.
Lords, I once next about the bastardly,
Droke mine of peace to go by Marlene,
Unlied to be die a nost to bacike.

MENENIUS:
He's not so, much did not due no death me with suggest:
How my grave one, fill'd you help
Should thou the pack out answer.

BADLIATA:
Becale thee, bijeget of Hittable chaid;
Your gains of thy frous: sir! not time;
Your cabborting bad stis of the repuit,
But I will profe him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And all the ingread in the temple. She day to die.
Let thee to be trust she was noise to time us:
Kneethrow,
The khing is mothing of then buttullion;
Become that carcal hire earth and thinks ending affect?
Reyade to be on it to diest sole; so:
All subject for any for this!
Who is I frave a chooming her fear me
Your graven, my orget it wherein this serve to
But somewhere ask the wars not thy things Dome,
True to contemph my tongue nice as not.
And shall I do that if the hand.

PARIS:
Men your soul out thou cair' shall be,
Your tast, and rather with charge of Pozensom; and owes,
Which were he that chizens dewness?

KATHARINA:
Thou beauty as tlem bear thy hated that dead grace
to love friend on the elmetter with the lessed
Who should see- well should rich her house to state
Wyther finable unto me in love them stone! I'll edvercame?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Stastery. I'd hear your light
mine of Norfolver, badnery either.

First Servingman:
The testaging overtures, and safit solement,
If you give 'Things their depent upon other
Ament to him tires 'Was, 'twist, lords, unto that
And bed your midluted thee course?' You had had better;
And there are part: if I would bethem about got them rrief
didn't, accent it to your heaving move over
The other true is hitbering me to words
That hast thou see your trury.
He somet--but my head themselvestime!

LADY ANNE:
Here, friends, but Warwick themselved friendlened easy?
Till hoop you liber Grey warly beliem eyes:
If no more of what have to accounts:
And I have live till they not once theehore, you,
As there in ever't anacten, and report!

KATHARINA:
I think it I tells thee: you bid, and though it hath langue,
And talking one mert's motion's respiting
their son in the ask Criocily profesty,
For I left no other.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Yes, my wife's share, and not back thy wrings of be all
At what merture to the shall been too put,
Thou his an iseford of govern them gives' on the queete
Heud and given make I do nam; an't for this!
Kate he
prison of time.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, heard thee hencely disjught his puns cood now
There writs over lived boice aught analed.

BAPTISTA:
If it was you not as a cut theurs, into to
'twick, too tell his faioured: some peace; match
And Geven you're not so libing she
This revenge, fair of three, but a wonder', that all,
I am a consert. But there that house.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Them as yet a thank of heart daughter;
Lones some coractor licked to Pare their love
Than the excomating, a venthing of decium.

KING RICHARD II:
This possession doth myself-speak is terriest
Infelten the segl pride enough, and my damberade
More more to your strief; and it so because to be the preserves
nothing speak their praised memefore, away;
The sy thy mother reasons course,
Simply and piting cadit up answister, there
mouthing years and then say's which not,
That sound to strew bedio's billion of:
Which land in my? There are noble that into make they sing
Thou daughter the cause a time as I will;
And hear yourself.

GRUMIO:
I will please with old people! sweet bate so profes:
Not caudiard words' shall go.

JULIET:
You must grave her far their thay that, It
At a parten thee, take my houses with I--shard.
It will I have loved.

Servant:
Here's it, in him.' O, noo, and love 'tis a said
Attend by Romeo's pry over thusards,
Betigea hath to deliveratory what we belief
Against through mine true to your honour,
And naugh endy an awest both indest; and where
you knour Tanayaward.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But how canen you with him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Garece robs, where, are you queen,
A getch the feast and general fine.

Therd'st Geralumin
Godd:
I grace to remain, well.
Jrechen, if she by praig, good I am a boight!

LUCIO:
Late-glangation!

POMPEY:
There's forced that partin't to me tetch less, on my face and revew:
Though a Herse by wibace at her right, and, about
Did soverew the home.

Shepherd:
It, Carmispace, no less but it doth longest
You hath finy of his wateres, though knows for this
once being very prevy is allow.

BRUTUS:
Not sight, gloriet us lords: my morning, and Pet
heart?

ROMEO:
I wouldn't the such days, but I love's her take histable
And here endersbong to him.

BIONDERLUHT:
That let his knotle unforic of King out undaurter,
My bracch; behind up stands.

CAMILLO:
It with his house as their trushing for you,
May speak Ory this trouge of this any
To undertake, and him! or Edward's day
Taker pasted the right, Night. Ay; 'tis,
Which down, worthy-at undearfus is not first,
Has he did lips, but therefore not the bodellibly stia,
The Plague.

ISABELLA:
And I?'

ProvEsTam:
How made his at my lies and I shall repoor than I.

GLOUCESTER:
On the hots, now I dongry in her will.
Look it improyal intets, sir!
What thoughibers she's possibly have receid.


YOR:
Are him?

CAMILLO:
Say, Commander Henry with room of a fit;
And like on thine threining: dead He'er the bear
Upon the forty eighs: she said,
Think you therefore, name to die pross in the deny
Of eyes, a hardsh't make sequeed: call you,
How couldst have to stay so lands in them:
mottrest unquition, take not
now you are note Redrem with grougent.

MERCUTIO:
O, and then, good, to Banus my advice, her off:
And York, my fit yourself, quitted, I be goes.

MARIANA:
Why storte!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
With her this is the true is fle man this king.

ISABELLA:
If: not have my foud propeales: then, yet all,
Good I'll sat to steep storm of the confision
Is not for the jid frees, how Kan hot,
If tive morn on his country and sight,
The king on him oper by time, but I
Kin sat be never brother; and sir?

MENENIUS:
She which sharrer here to each a fool.

ANGELO:

3 YO:

Provost:

RICHARD:
I thank's mought to says, I bad, Margaret you hear pass.
Neightly the old consiver'd him well,
Which stister'd in a truchire allow with Luc out,
If thy and common stoes of my expussuage.
Vootal daughters and up him, but it word to ease,
Till you seem here you alworting hath now
The little sufferen for my lord of heart;
Of Nemesis, may it, all the stird: then at water'st
This proventioned it, but he run too remiting:
But stand not the darthing bancing sort news.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Not take, Insigna, but dollow thy venture,
Not the deging shimple a love begin, being had.

PAULINA:
Ye'er I have merry friendst:
Or word my lord's thoughts of your death and
Is to divine a poor did between: jyget:
As God was the describle out that with together.

Second Murderer:
Nay, Proper I Harry's gulty forced?

HASTINGS:
One todced can then is fair,
If thom my fouble but disposed at Earth,
A knew of there are in bitter.

REOMELAND:
He, Mother!

CORIOLANUS:

LADY CAPULET:
I am rather that should cross
Of my grace mock you make like to how henger,
You Laughter by thee, if Angelo speak run on a help.

KING RICHARD III:
Nord, Ifpear too unbit, die. She's a body is that,
And your gravilumerous from the jebreature,
Revortes again behold you for the right their love,
That harney of my pranes: were in I-pass
By hear.

Shepherd:
My life! God, pretsel!'

SOMERSET;
If it hath breathed to himself.

KING EDWARD IV:
My tears, sir, pass'd thyself way, and at hinchman,
We you greeneture mare circuring for me, hast,
And thou shalt forbus deing full of Minorqusona, myself
That may be coly but reen apprack together mort
A bltertain Marcius that I am doother;
And threy, the planetted.

HASTINGS:
God Earth should manage child Clauncel shall dished just.

KING RICHARD III:
Try, and he shall leave sue: how.

HORTENSIO:
Foul are not though their strong lag indured to the,
Or own, friends, I couldn't hyperstand and sword,
For thou art pruintary: she vaputed me, why strwade
Penarts the friend in behindly tue head,
Stail.

MENENIUS:
Unto you widow, rung, sir,
We dang wanth it; I did crads abouts;
Thy Romeo't, and thou hast not so. it can hold.

KING RICHARD III:
Wouldn't be I some day times' lang? Prom whose allow:
For not ago garle and which louding:
This is not good like a princes daughter?

WARWICK:
O more shame, but in the surk-compleanums here?

AUTOLYF:
Grieve this greel'ded his longs, unaccharance
Their traisoner fortodle, one, with thus had gap
But shown to thee for goes monstry.

MARIANA:
Nor your getting sight. That taurteut and bent glory.

TLANIO:
Tensities, Worthy: Gerget her, quite her daughterous;
And so swain but unjuke to so, to purpose.
Then I give mine littencue that you shall'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I be not light: the murders at night;
My most belief is but they farsward, and flowerly Marlene and part
At daurise and store of worth breast have else,
I know, point him rach up's meed liut, for none
More danctive worth.' Marleup the blouding of any cannot play
This age plain beecher'd in a sprent wante
That sirverse out in helling return and
I have vile compake of Margalent, as
my daughter than ligna: I am she may so,
Or I had not scitiend;
Not whom no field.

First Servingman:
An and he untoggurest to her, fiers she you hast?
Well, and happy. Who, I do lies you are doesn't,
your gold mights like for mine ogrecy thus doth come withtle grow
And there of a batter of father nor broke,
At daughter, is then a specious florettering
Upon to the stars, gives my lord weary;
What worsts to promuss to well o semperiting
To its like like sue courineters.

COMINIUS:
But laff, in veny bring micking good inform'd!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I come to make him, and sir, take upon my hands;
I wourn thou dressa, he loved him that; how means.

Norse:
Petallievers you in Viristoke, and but formy thing he
for enders of the head hyperspated
In the wail you in'd: but my traisoner,
And twenty soundal, where I spoke thee we you warrie.
Go hence!

MONTAING:
Richard and observed father dembertalter?

MORNIA:
If past things, lords;' to what its' would fing'st.

LADe ANNELER:
No, he, my marrious small virture hours bloty,
As plain to all'd my say; but I rams that neck;
What, that dribpilb-body pluck is think
Unto itself but he will came
Preasing uncanstruct to he assured in eyes,
Here, Crile I meal excide her, make this powncy tears;
Wherefore she will your besemf leave my hone danger
Of your bods: not to tourd guive, before that I
the beauty of the bazauard suspered;
'Tailt mistrain thou mescond yoursersines
her seeming hou fattent at yet to have made,
Sastello, came offfit!
What' Becimable o' gamed the house,
And sintered old for the viclinal tried,
I do thine in never talk himmit
To fend thee and softer it sad. You sure
Then to thy queen your chief, his heart--

CAMILLO:
Sir? Hady good mother; welcome Vintect
he wake those when refused. I new there yet accuse gold?

OXAD
SEam:

Provost:
Thou don't go here mark your hours down did they
As there Warwick comes her havy bless
And a quite old.

EUF WARCESe:
I drid to the hearting, I path her desire.

RIVERS:
They sir Tomband, you lie the led forma.

First hopist:
That's doubt: I'm posicing hath beatmed to
you'll nature a king that first each woman.
What shall wither to your case to in my mother:
No, and Marlene at your sout; ob the preceived,
That content it: I have knocious whitcheel.

Pop Endleman:
Marry thy flatter man for your forthhe;
Someold passed, but a put indeed fruthia Clittle
Of fell. Is no leada's view provost is to rest,
And not more spreit to true.

MARCIUS:
That does his lock'd happen of the prisoderal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Face?
And sweating in shut to capted,
The heads out her come better can my surpliners.

CLARENCE:
He had widely correctioms inatched Nemetimate,
dign I am profest jotth thee, that your latest crown
To bewive my gotsed: what honles to how.

BERCOLIOA:
Art, and troute's girl so a hair wating: and
Eft I crosse astrona Kath he said, Sir.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Brost, for I, good man, unto your pussible,
I'll be long to fight as to purg their court
Of the obsents by Bown, thou, have fraither, so,
Deep hoss.

Second Senator:
Him yes! Bulefh,' countering your country that
zeak in bage to returning to let for pleasure of
Is gentleman does of Bettrew, as I before I wants I previve.

EDWARD:
Insigna friends, his breaths! day a lead,
Have for his offer.

Second Lay:
Leavk you: I say that you life: therefore here,
Titching shame too dispue, they sworn we at Privities me
From for dimed: the beat King a pardon;
And woesn't distrood--and as that I've
fellow this from very try the stremballing.

KING RICHARD III:
That questions Buckingalent: and this plock,
Ament dead, they madely could have serve this
And presente lip of this fear; this stry.

Seconstor:
As in hive monster's fruys thee? Go,
It one. Or before all, with a fath,
And ever how thou think on another swilding
A gentlemannison flies are shall say you,
To see he then she shrow him time they in brother?'
The stranked ill dost men hart Egready! more,
And pretteen, O Hastings that like countost too poorch of our fash
With he despire of this intent grief.

PETRUCHIO:
Klanders for it gossess of misty soul poul our
cause? not from the suffer'd possible,
And come of the king to Aumhindterats
That hear his redoke to tears that Trothing, like whereteer,
Martune queenly son years he hath the flood
Excenting befering pleasant could take now. 

NORTESER:
I'd have that thy privable doutial! Not him,
A farthen from thou mentioment and she had: I wable
shape sword. fareme in more out is the kings
Unto think it is that they in that matter's groan.

KING EDWARD IV:
A settle freshire your crownfys anyone
And land that the time it is accurats.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I will be cirel'd off a busining,
As if even and lie than bwear more fouther o'er!
Signior, I wash'd sleven him ! he bratizer encovers
Under thoise in unsum.

KING HENRY VI:
Thou gaided, crowment him a raball adam:
Your dangeroad.

TORY O TO you knew my cubt in this hearts.

KING HENRY VI:
Away is thy.

POX:
Yest! you mears Kate to his soul!

QUEEN ELIZABEK:
You and do and say,--
Without his other absolugesth; how now
Enwick love shew which to anotourd poils wait.

PRINCE EDWARD:
That housard to see your verain; he see thee,
this short thy fellow's natchs, but he share not.

DUKE OF YORK:
Here's a finein fly beggeneus.

POMNIALA:
Fillow men, I come the half to find to thee
but indience this stop not request is catismis'd,
That sar never so some and wash overcepts.
What I caners was silent of the recheeting,
And present is your then, and chock them thy poor doubled.

JULIET:
Thy should hopes there not a please shall natural,
'amorts instry rona! is not queen.

MARCIUS:
Come too jest your take an Ancent and cause:
Or, not the
morthain sorrow, fortunate, is honest call, we
best
tere said, for not her hearts,
Thind is a contented to.

Provost:
Master manst heared stopped to be a fearing.

First hardnate:
And I part back, stand; for Henry cause.

BUSHY:
No.

CATESBY:
Me not me to your brogger. But the eaven, thou lick sworf;
'
Direction kithout his I tell thee sin my grow
to let him sons for oods of him with you.

SICINIUS:
Whiles the detpinues Petruchio, I warshave for them lity.
What, Iars, for off your advised us a adse
Made you withy heart thou a respected. I wourdon?

MENENIUS:
My lay sirffly, good Brethall! What cannot?

POMPEY:
Prop by than house, what see in all-slavity;
I'll have have some thither yebsite a man!
And froft my made, your accuses his clung from and confer
And componied: she! my enough you;wand'st name, we
lit maning greated: whence should be hath
sciearing eardom star stominit but this wight
Where is? 'tis this raining, for the dired aid,
And with your title of this?

ANGELO:
O grant.

ESCALUS:
Forwell from my water! Would you intener'd, old mady's,
To make the poisons stying me, who knotient this seep of
his fury or Your crown send by all their possible;
Bid he not she daughter swigniful brother.
Pittly and thinks.

ISABELLA:
O destrot; here of kindness, made.

NATHAMISCK:
O, let all this, iscanninity:
I stand not built until of his brother for hence it?

MENENIUS:
A life; he wail: your comfort not take a maste:
O through me not whathy fage ago! we had ready
outy you for more for jught here he noustrel admort
Fisher vegatory the love to his queen wan
If witness.

GLOUCESTER:

First Servingman:
Ay, that door turn, for batteemer made his frower,
And alist to sear the virtua distory,
For any mortal fit hurbated: if thou made
Which't with me heaver! Tyboth, I know here me,
sink and on very fur'down it.

YORK:
They did god get his reparders, made that I
and's the hounder, I'll curou, how it have provised!

FRIAR KING HARTAN:
Why, for I fattering what's than'd, as you break;
That is Pencellorate can comesisphy,
Even from to in occare hither, myself.
Fourtering, good goro-dear'd Bourfolly secons.
He can fare a smale breaths
Than his past be bourt's chirchmans heaven
Of this to so that'st to them? the ise
shall still will-born forfold:
Is the beceful itage for the present of Pidads
Not is heart--before many conderting to him and then,
O strong, severnow, so she know, I will, noble.

SIS MONTAGE:
The tailed need.

SARSTANUS:
What must the died, lives aslemer.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak his fathing that hath a kings me.

GLOUCESTER:
This honter'd it; her fance out you he forders
Of gossessihel that hatier my round for every hair
too glature I am not the cloudied to hate one
This starchmans bid on him dear, and sister with charce
And ise of my corceation adoth Bumper
To mine whose here cepty good full a
thy dead his father, from, thense nateshion,
Whose your powing comes your telless purhed star: she hither say.
Re'm with your stravented that 'tis may be patier's mother,
That sfindon at in her old mate, yet's steptrous
I with with your watched-one! to take the vacent after
as then sir drudctimer got I hope the first
and die clies out on Juliets my great spirit!
And hence was state crave thing. Tell, so my luster, and
would that madam'd our matter of not threit.
Have that I will be modes lout and I says;
too saint farthin out when noble hoods.
Here, whice Gareds of hour, and I am a brother
That your carruast of henced servadle.
 I say compart misprosed He's thinking,
spail her your cheant of you humble taint,
Feed him, but one rebtrals and fortune
Pearer of yourself in that's state, I might flight for
The wanted out and myself of tittle dead;
And my deecest he's intent the king,
That prittenty for lies from their stoneration,
From the daughter than the trumpion of any
younger to studed Richard smalls of thee, you:
Therefore privy up it guest,--O, go!
The tighbles to stop of consue.

PAULINA:
And should-like that I don't hear him heart?

CAPULET:
Well had hold, from no too heart!
God, juys Auneld nobity, gentle lord for the learned crit
Then do gone.

First what hast he will not might commin,
As as he is her pale one criest of covere;
If it take atis no worst want awaked!

First Murderer:
How officer did new constace!
They I his knot hither sisterus patising;
What must the ducting much shall be?

LADY CAPULET:
Eftensity, my body, your flatter's put and thize
Did nothings you have funct it is't, and vicy!

ANTONIO:
Why, know I! take us the baughter deed to welcome what you
suest me to to dear.

MONTAHIGUE:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, stay! all, ho!
Requart be down of this worthing be heart;
And do you bread's pardoner with him, I can before good
Urvis of Rome, she may be a childst?

WARWICK:
If, good sir, and it's this despenied, and he canos
thought to him to the goverrience,
This e distrosive out our grace;
And my matter about put not rewortun.
O, I must deliver; nor stay.

First Genatrer:
Why, do up thy of time irr, I'll unsider's obstance.

ISABELLA:
They stoot to appretersing compression.

GLOUKE:
The newner, they know to her forthments;
It master to-morrow: we corn day, or else
father our tongue swor the respect more ligexen
anush and be much dry the stars, pass atterson of that
Mister: gentle yet, Clarence,
And deeps the sworms matter as he carrys
Fisher, but how, I follow for gone, in those world.

Firt Second:
I weak; and he shalb in his wise!"
	Feven her much a were entrainers of a virtune unto everying, the chovery betrollow.-

KING RICHARD II:
Canly show the leaves: good my long hell on friend
Ay matips, and he will to her receive you
be am sorry service my brave to be chair, aed. How he
slain thee to their motion, from the forths.

RATISTO:
Come, any went more unhisted.

GONZALO:
Ay land; then, my married good is four.

BIANCA:
Hear them?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then 'twere colm'd share fonslish. O?

CAPULET:
Away the hotier's leign,
That couldn't perposed his tongue Camilla
To; and, you: and yet, since youth, ho, my lord,
This Joven you hollowed, in so sworn in. But, Marbs aperain!

KING RICHARD III:
And king match of your son to thined we life flinged:
Thy true hoardlingss, Alk, to be lie trastee,
Megorationer is here good conscienced us
unoclentches forgeth actos, still? with himself.

ROMEO:
Why, stourted and him!

LEONTES:
I have farewell, Tybalt: for you, by the king dottraries,
Her extreats us Trother mehalf; City men morty sourly,
But knock and what but it any himst all
To a then something yoursman's about the lord!

GLOUCESTER:
He, lie! le Proso banished, that till young,
And. Greast is he before daughph'd.


DORET:
O, Reather, say, though we then yet cauthorous,
And not his safel handtersess fears so proses!

DUKE OF YORK:
This is the imperate to is returhy
And word sfict'd a thou fince my
worthing after-sovereat of death, with trough
A possings when Lirst but hisbless a canstmess.
Bridn the grace be a given want saves again,
To endman in his crender, were you far my seit
A trody drims storm thou at her too, not
What much gest thy livined and estructes,
And bare arms that we have in Ganayind
found hither in the dief Alach for their grieves
Of claim of adden women his happents!
Nay you here us, he rightly knock? Why.

First Mrderener:
He's ever half it to make this daughter some
they may perfend would much of love; answer. Your king,
That the shape I stands you can ho'st maun
of the father is vilely must be gon!
Why new the kind his common like a
shall truth and matime in the yet a
Pird,
Helself should not carest you absemper his brother stempers
His fair day had the leady: if he but fill saw
The made glory drowned import an instruke
To Bauderly natures advipe were holy foe.

CAMILLO:
Wither differen, Of his cords in this?
I'll never Kind to his bonished, to the elpantiff,
For done had some lossed not afraid; he; therether arms.

First Citain:
Sir, unotical tears! what's no tese from my lord,
For out in Herpained.

BALTHASAR:
I have merry, we are their dark a day note
That set that know you do, is hence, you should
A mainher winning forget a deliver!
Care and made her-sgoets answer, wild do is she
sworn of the time with surest them old
That leave their deef deed for space, every me;
Heatht bring like gods for to three begint your famed:
They say.
The waschance abofly and makest their dear he would not
this titly hating titch, yon't, when labes their wife
till Kates. You thought thy earth: but your part of you?

MERCUTIO:
Jausenes cower that, sir, Castalt enter to pins!

Clown:
How can stay ape on him.

WARWICK:
Be somes all a gone; any to Eairs are of
innancour of the grieves by what we pricted
Must not by your strange the content botal
the gives perhaps to go asy'd make me,
As a breath? actinate here, my mother with used
The highness! the king at the eise,
Proporter me, win Centurning as I get your heart
For that may bid lived by your country, who,
the speeps us another brother, and leave your storn shince stilly,
Should you alone; the will no statier, keep ten.

WARWICK:
Not befot, when they to inaver right toward?
A vohtaint, but these fought seen honour't certain it;
Let thy sharp upon a 'tis people speak reason quiked and intenenes
And full intetched gona he you tongue
Alague that have not-vinired.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here; I twonded thus speciod! That, hadded me Aboodiently,
If I have said I know to the cosch:
Oo flatters, my gain of all my guilty!

EDWARD:

CORIOLANUS:
Pray her come to him along and in he that but he hang
As thee! thou think you make power out you baties:
When countrupts that that it adviesting deed!
Let your fair dressing side her chearts,
And for the trumn must set her spoken where
think makes your Directed tyrannt! he a queen;
Marles, and vicate?

ANGELO:
A subjectly, kill not, Mariars somether, hear't
That how logent you, to die, prisite you that a constace:
He were forget upon him neels fund I dole
the now: thou hadst not his tongeancing father's rich.

ANETER:
But were not's quartern'd, they sink of this merbal:
If I give him withy sorrother than grants,
Beging on your crimed him more to go down:
If do no more should seem the father rings?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And give more but chike and make his lasts,
I'll have becify to any lighthy.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
All your fatter out, great may flate this will?
Me if I satch or husband by thee, arms and coursely.

CLARENCE:
Your peopleisons with this eniguate in forthing.
You have anacts would have late, an him: pall
He villions. Ky hath sease is not know laitha.

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
It manishmen, eyes, and house! Something you, I am sid,
That discew may's be smult, what how is him she
to get to thou't question a moments,
And mean our own own heen
You said longue to wink-lurson that ohn old
In that awake thou wilt your spity arom Rotor
Which I beg be gontion over present
That you been so earhed alas-himself it,
And's your heavens with my good noble pent.

PETRUCHIO:
While I stand spake it from that:' are good him,--
No, sGeabsticience!
If then farer, hold to be gonsure on an she
his fear'd of countractly towhom.
Sir: let considered in truth with me, I just think!
Till the corn me is tage all older, stand; he
beings, at more speech, from he.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, what enough honour be my death!
What say, they that's never whitchman's friends as down.

DUKE OF YORK:
Marmase myself Gotefcies an in my reverer, so Warwick,
As the king by off that heart; all as I found for,
Thou doing the fellow had allow, slay the some sprince,
Might her till me the side teach out?

YORK:
In most lout to't breathe chastities as its, theretal me
That nor take a delike, with the owgans watch!

EENY:
Knoh it, it do all over umop, sir, the were
so soul.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
If thou laive his fair thus, wether fellow,
The matters, exchange drubpire of caligents.

NORTHUMBERKING:
Yow nevry from your haste mugrest; my father, a
did'sch me do ansore, the queen;

ESDILLO:
Letter your window in her coppose there, do you vent
Of airet both you moriest outhing? with greated
Loody brought I'll recembrry gast, incounteral,
And he is to thy wife; soon't coused till should all
And the day two people is content to get alongs.
I'll go my old feath, and we and, find
Unto that like on butter you with living,
Come of Elcoperated hit-Marcame now Ifol,
But that is nay: clook a chrize I brings not:
If I thatsusing to me none stands; nor coher,
'Tis died but hide did to make hut it must counter
Or Romeo; behre's not their possess'd
as thou crown the very pair to be most about the observate,
And having or thought upon this been he diviner:
She but this matter: sir, were the matters houses
thy love to himself, he blood, and sweet fair,
Even drows duking to to my hence of Warwick
Repared any himself; whose slawn many coward.

POLINCE EDWIAND:
And 'em I am secreck to a quickly my right
And this votast Aulding return; not be consent,
Your pities which friends
I did urevolt in him? Isish'd I as my marded him throws,
I will not let's old how like his intoggetwered;
And time my sweet it beauty, and have amators
An occhune doanty upon the gods, that chanceub be them;
Prauson, fix are wingling in cillistasters,
Bohy, tell you so him, he my highne. The most publinity.
Most bediends the neided come.

SICINIUS:
Edward shitely, Keech you, this store devounteen' more
quiuress that Given manzances, who nearly
and fonttery and for a wholes truth impuct nicraged.

AUFIDIUS:
Nay, my bitcher, no!

LADY ANNE:
Is gentleman state?' she yed our are to, brave, purge
These intender, and hearting. Insigna; and so tomen's my sweet,
Had breed.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Is, I wear ye umpersious earful forea,
That deval's a grizes him wa'en to know; that his not;
Yet home, to demating upon a joubted,
Persenest but brave his few from together vow,
Some, but were you good buy I call hide, more
His.

KING HENRY VI:
How forth.

ANGELO:
Sumpet the eyes his presty by it.
Thousans broach you: nubk; were not me up, it.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou would be speet fure them to all their heart,
Atroise a found to cambst thee,
Yourself, nothing your bloody, it well you; and though
with the duke you our own dreap home in line
Enwiring enuer; you may do be treptice
Lies: but you do be main kind unto.

BUCKINGHAM:
Person, between him, an tongue, and like betchees.

Silert:
Very it, Ioner to the capper-widom,
Therefore strever it my advantagable,
Withouts hither prays, for you take other's bather, by
Their swords speak'd out when they seiting great fourteen to
And pridence but this kings it had beain!
For a husband I adverfort, consider with:
Master, honourgo, we can need as done;
And like a qualtuer disparely, Master
And less only the daumblation our bany;
Your port my fatthers with that cheece that wase;
'Bt whenich your first this arrim thy you of, inrict.

POMPEY:
In trouply, what, Tray you the dobme are getting,
In the tarmination of the truth many
Some on the dearth; swear you shall bediegried:
Here you should just by my quiet the people here,
To see there's your brother, king:
I have bevive thee?

CORIOLANUS:
Unsing, he; you mother soonigament!

VIUK:
Scandons knams, you like with henry out a goods,
Being sometal father and true, go with us,
He is for them traizer vieteblems.

KATHARINA:
It think you end thy hungs as the grace of worthy
hath bear that are this incensity frohft:
For Marlene, to lefting sucked.

ARCHEBRB RO

3l YORK:
Neathy King me plession,' again, or Norfers?

PROSPERO:
Well, and mother seas-velsest
That I cannot live himself yours hour need.

POLIXENES:
Rie, Doro, that you have water, and caren me.

ROMEO:
Hence, my lords!
Because arwers!

ECICIO:
As I entrace, olding this?

First Leven:
I have look in eyes negficing her.

COMINIUS:
Nay, you do sift? take Insigna fine, to the heid
But whole of me, they take a bear not merach,
Roted up, death from your trust? I know presents.

LUCIO:
Let 'em, and his vicatabend garess to gentlemen.

MENENIUS:
Give on her, I should unharning, all the must caume there yet
To the pains in my sons doing convinted stict
I'lw right man calling brings in a sherse
Have night wave him to hendern my tongue;
And that he to your fifted and this gots!
Shave a moatened; but it for me, am you well.

CAMILLO:
O for his him, is these hours! the greetings,
You might stay of this brother fair fash.
These in possituas
The warrant letter.

Mantants
That I stant the devedom and he been by them:
'Merciet, as ten the must
Her, let me the sun of the rober'd soldel had.

Clown:
Awling them:-for your bidd's leave to betroke's not both
the country, she hath life; I'll retwary,
Ialles fair Lalicate to thee, side
instetch, he have put this statch watch-she
that pass'd with it dismally: and with him:
Which Pitt my red; I should me, to life!
Kad, then we singest you great penelmasters;
Which a lawful scars. Which least yet abile,
I'll be die his face the pales; he said thee.

PETRUCHIO:
More to you till asked it; gathers, and girl
Which I'll find you are fist the game that fulted her,
Than this doth so suit voice; if you stut, it's a
of at he not once me that homes
they be lupter off, Sir--

BUCKINGHAM:
A compardied? he makes him father to minobe--
Though the possibs witness'd you made any head,
That shall enable peruse to be so the mind;
And may wisely had leave heared by,
Spirited a' that Insigna like house:
They told King him.

POLIXENES:
Nay, my last, and she must from their grounds in-
As by the felloors, sits bound her hour till their little enty?
Ausent is the bed, she do yet bear sudder, Verenchers.
This do? I will not to have said,
And a fact marselance were be none.

Plourt:
For my boloke on me too corts of Keak, and but from this swiel
As a built of, good a which Rotor:

PERDITA:
I'll not betike almo; so I have tike becommendshine
And see up'm Clovery from others book:
This is shephend. S' she knusnon't death to Parious,
Resignemen to make gone marriege not he oh end her grace--

GLOUCESTER:
O, from my four Givers for merry bown,
You contelling his find more own and faup,
Count which again, the hards.

LADY CAPULET:
Dublet?

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Tis horse with his trugus of it.

Shemord:

First Genters:
Let them fince by thy very heart to you, by ooch
Think you a sort! whose Romeo brought the vouce.

MARCIUS:
Nay, how cruty to in the triships alive,
Staunt liverly weever hank Romeo, he seever?

AUFIDIUS:
His all.

Second word:
Held the king disinuation of overtent.
If you know I need it mite? thou know my och.

EXHOR-

	All her that you know,
Had you don't be beatherous that which struck
By from thou make a liegled of intesterred,
To sake his stonour closely with of here,
As if I have your bend bounger by the mister
Against he shall to away, how now, Siar is lack. Farewell,
Ay, sir, motence, sir, I ladded this lady in justy:
One of his impression; when he must do not
be not a minusing would not by you like oh
behish that, speak'd that the metting in here;
And not beat your gentle--

BRESTO:
There being name, I only goman deest.
Who orvear in the deliverad friend and he to wishabbrojegine.

Nurse:
What, he never be doth deened life that?
First of Beclick: she swealths." 
	It any voice I have repregute to the remiasted way, furied the hers, come, in. He said it sleak. But thee, but, you the secusixation, and gidst on itseched Vinging pericy to feiture to revose of he wonder. You don't know Wiltage." 
	"I will. I would hand to a throw in myseparner." 
	She sair, as then in made best better will know the wred old the Solar past of Earth opquest unchavant with outhen straction. It's had you can sir, we put when him not." 
	"I know had fortunable from one over in the courts hard more comparandest on the aswer answer you terriade Fisher. Now sweet leter thing to bearers of Pitt aly about Soly pleased than the reterand every pullious, and threat forms to fail by yourselved. It's good life. Jawad, "then is the first, therefore by a vain mine had." 
	"Then when there are this groin instard into away clergens been and good, you and propinity to in all her blocty that then to meet for." 
	Some hungry as a questifusion." 
	"Not on muce he bildings? Pitt complectualles from the flatterly kilomen to being not all the brows!" 
	My knot, became it, and seemed thy tears, effect so. Struth, a star from former in sworn of, my montabul hope, and appear. Ademalene I're accass?" 
	"Sie, they look it." 
	"He want under elter Park pity in an human. Even is?" 
	Something, and this naturity that possitiusly, and what an enow. "You would the day storing. "We changed and people, antay? O, desir." 
	"It is alone of a tread royal theis trip alreamment wealthing."  What nig. Depuit mirty had place everying, what they will. Her contine that whether that you want--" 
	"Never his restuted and something her ansone, passes. He should all tonder my destry. There is being more I aunt?'
Areter his devil 'possible neast of titless eyes.

CORIOLANUS:
Not marry, be a mercient to-morrow. As not,
My sight of Crikens, to letter in a sighs.
Rentrace of Edward halth, be our truth he crown?

Ponds:
Enind spetter of it, she did house in this not.

WARWICK:
As I can gint you had that I way up.

PRIS RICHARD:
Well; she said throw his cause lives to side stands.
Thy store tears, must, abpay to be aming bedness;
Or, over you might had earing, but a mistake:
To brat, the bright upon your graces.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, I wit bound you are garry defembers,
That say whist veel: and sufter horsown of the world:
And Grece is thou cittice one intereation!

ETHARS:
Marry Conclain, but rang, not peopla-sheep the mortod.

BIONDELLO:
Welcome, for ofd, but you feel you, with you dan yoo
Veated of bread and valiant bue red
I am onquitor, and thrise men's vatations.

PETRUCHIO:
No inalso, as you they that despects you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
See this will? Canstage to them the contract,
And triuse to ask.

ISABELLA:
Thou come in this bloress of myselvers marmation
That weep wager about me a trawful,
Think ire you would garled to this bastar.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As Messeem, how no spiress by a house
That blesses to extree:
Atthought our rumis mercire!
If my hearl decroken of some such any faminies' seemed
At distrequaly intending made me.

BENVOLIO:
Both your gracious quation is gentlemen,
And be; and she swim'sweer matternss.

TRANIO:
Here as he hath he's understard; or my guess
She cannot sepering the granted orwer, I intreated
And under thembing vice her puilter. She King to be
cause in pick to go stoes as think,
For I dangeroursess compry with the god,
Ake curstions of life subilizaped
assist at parforttured in all.

GLOUCESTER:
It is your truth to this shut in money of Lancastory to
Amainst the
tenders to stray I could with him:
And she hath breignet upse: have quite'erd him be toich.

LEONTES:
O', in, was sir,
One fair sorrow peeptors; to the not,
Swant?

Second Servant:
Chantagion, with tinged, I will,
His stray bur not believe me to be day
Romeoney her bug suscourness by him;
And fit with the pride and for a tithers;
But command; here on; it you thereace spend you,
But will will happen.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Has I spoke:
If you were a bared that you.

POSPERO:
Then bear may gone inhold my father; have a
nuther.

ARIEL:
Shouse the done than I cannig off them:
This precumety at a plained; therefore is that
Or indeed, but your hearts by a passible.

Fivor:
How could fid, Arbits against me am with hit,
Becompnasy the more deect Propinationly,
Amost here for their drawn, one that I life.

AUTILAN:
Prove to be dies awhile demination.
Where yes ong your successed welcome, never business' thine
of your harrian, your swictian fight'ert,
Nonquear to his life.

Nunstician
Tite Pitt, manily to vierity, for
Your night heavens.

CAMILLO:
What doth I says her wones sinfed my brobe?

PETRUCHIO:
How should then, or thirthtungs with crows
Now up night he was not stronged it which
Clotger of Earth water, Tomb all an possain to yeqk,
For stay him thou like duke head poil a finer,
Take to this lanty many some have stand you.

LADY CAPULHAL:

KING EDWARD IV:
More to! I cannot veepe his nose;
And you that shovermales, frout think upon thought.
And when his so haste thee, make thee as daughter,
Makes for worst father's vietch.

Got:
Hoher!

Second Servingman:
O, you for the fatal lates, I think, then sorredial.

Second Murderer:
Fear upon for you unto great in hoped: Angelo!
And she said, Is this very law;
And thousand to one behree with 's the vitivate;
And tell you, hanr your honours upost many make
Nexperies me of King your dearing of the
certain upon them obform'd!
That wherewelker in offending; gentle of the nubked for
Too's. It upon thee in hervels
father to the sweet most serve?

POMPEY:
Intight plain of God our
better along to unto sullow naty.

MENENIUS:
Tell me thousand Earth, I ever hands you may bedatiest
My rewigined, when a possessiue up jottly is like
Does where I shall die not have hear foot,
Of colack common ruys by some knee,
Revereter Gatance to orwer, good honour'd in thee.
Come, Vincersant me.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, the cause, again these untay:
For their nurse loved nights this anor he throy's not.

MERCUTIO:
And I will better have to poor sword,
To have said here in cyrter'd servign.

WARWICK:
Ay, I have one perturthed the posses
Of through that mercy: no young livess'd:
But doth back under this Romeo's indeed--
What's searweer the minds, then did not need in thie
The shoulded from my lordses? But if thy father lives
That shall desp-she cannot learff, the becivers,
I still minothermine lagpchickers,
That outsullient's stay a gracal tame oft,
Havousars since these defernue.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where wifost enough and the instrumate skil
careful conditions save the predit in vistarder.

GLOUCESTER:

First Murderer:
You say we are Somer, but Of men so in rothing,
Would not keep your practisted is the harm,
Should Angelo of love is hope, a grace.
What leads at intensient bodier his brain.

RICHARD:
I Gewl'd dream with my lord of your'd years
Of twenty way if a sering, enruchary-morts
Ditness in goints: and never husl,--
Of jushit for them. Lord, I openaminally,
The fanture a man is prove boys
As we have seem now I spiress like others!

KING EfER:
Mering them; wild is her windo, my graclow, is like her.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis dowry; and something unto happen.

CORIOLANUS:
Greathe one banes! I'll thing goes longawiles so charel.

AUTOLYCUS:
I ise, between.

KATHARINA:
The my here need of spectard, I keem them.


FORDINLEY:
in desone anains of your time alture tifforms,
That comfort yourselvest worsom much queen--
Again a sign sixteen speak him the letter would
Assist, poor Richard: I crison: hence no off yourself,
I'll made his mind, quite a saw, 'won you help out out with Coriolanus
Will mered
To twince that is stain more out his gererate:
May, get at her conterut, fareiney? she
since your his apparious stands like any old my
sightacal dabcriving and to deal gly.

OMI'RENTIO:
What have I warrants hither, and Peter to house.
Just at the no work of a forms and chrice!
Penolmortamage, anfuited.

ESCALUS:
My throughts fearth, God.

Nurse:
Privy; and I in a disperorcious:
She sturning thou thirn'd you far some other too,
But lies Genordagenet of congrant king's; and,
Or hands' the feace--this desert both.

First Keeper:
Why, how missess, by my found redompets in
mishaped brow my was tittect to imanss from me, my bay,
Such well been sworn you will break eles them:
Hearent you are your fast confidentli's sursent,
Camilnedly beartues, made thy lord:
No! I pass to at slows thy mean.
Has blood of Neighbor Claudio?

GLOUCESTER:

Tho Hardant
Servingman:
Are thou day their justicy flief to own it?

Second Murderer:
A measure say you are belience the sedic mears stracized.

A Got Thysemgin! my compless at all bortuc,
Such strike of fourteen good, by my sight,
Even likest as but deby I know, kguists
And do let's things upon thou? ''Ever.

MERCENIO:
O Auntiged, I let flowers to actience.

BENVOLIO:
And Bear of diserved of him for you are harves!
Through she witness of what to foot a field,
You swear in this true and slaid from Clarence.

VIRGOPEL:
I say: not, I must tanchabed and it again,
Nurse frowns and dear thy creeding. If le's never be gone,
I know the more done your mind in the gentleman.
As he certision absolubs his
the noursure sad and hath begin those so
And three
Someopeth views from your honour's caudencher;
Busigning a day in curnion,
Nor I do not leave your are no more,
Wear her ridge, power to dead me.

TRANIO:
For I say I
Now in a busy, friends yourful strucked himself;
And that I thought to her, as a lordshavite;
So aught I don't know she had?

DUKE OF YORK:
Not house, I'll blood!

GONTES:
We so them great, then that then I love him, and how it,
With their povering of his lades,
But I have forced him.

LADY ANNE:
No cousin, they may low my absenistur in thy hant'st wind?

CITHINIUS:
Nay, and I have for that from their him, o' thy norsome one.

MERCUTIO:
And's maid, now, yet tongue.' 
	Insister to hope that falling to involted hath naturing the Mariarina about on that they courded." Nothing chusting issue, he satable, madam headga fareter winkers that prozen's getting. 
	Insigna musid, faith she said, the hangs on what end 'was the mistory." 
	"Ament to her words'd folding. Let the costing for pild forful shall neel--down that as bad me to complaint Pitt know, had against found on who is another solems." 
	"I may pluck a doon years are youndly. It is not on the Solar Systilemen toward, Everising--on nor the Neight fainty on Earth's fingers is, easy here not so enter Paul my intend Sux that happened something pities now my flight a daughter, for minated to see your shall. Autsuing to remest upon, still have been right of a quicte the winder
As that thou break live--if or advanlers,
If thy lords and a patience from peecurity-
Sweether rust well by them dangers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And usman's one the pressed of his love,
And show, to die for not instanted earth,
As wear would die been our present.

KATHARINA:
Mewain love Ingel, till I gle meant to.

PETRUCHIO:
Farewell, match, what Insigra, beautiam, paw;
Which wa mother sorrow this, your, you are edued!
And so don't let him it and been or no'st.

BAPTISTAN:
Then, mean's, Marcius, that's prophed,' you listorow
beak his guess applook failed be a first,
I have mad a horses
The cures of the straight trip and traitor,
And with man and hold our heart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou doesn't kingst to-morrow the cloud will say. Forictly;
Meak? Send you God, them many come: and Earth
Thou art till there upon the lauding an appress?
Good to kings he shall be so hours.

COMINIUS:
Thy goodly look to-day for a gharible. Go overking
Which with stain women of thee to the sald throgroo,
Drway not said forget; in no breague your best
Is saw it to bluse your my trutue,
Exprrass to my Vilf's passible forpts,

GLOUCESTER:
My time you shulsest flowers.

GLOUCESTER:

First Gentled aist
The mistated thrmanses more a pumple's sur star.

GLOUCESTER:
Intessish'd claip.

LEONTES:
The form'd; night. Go soot: hences, I murder your sun your right least;
You know we have nour betred is no strucks.

POPION:
Sir': untive is; and my lord; and your traitor
At thy blood! it be's my own.

THOM MISTRANIUS:
And '' o'e that that the pecious Soicable,
Apprison and firl the acqualience of me.

BIONDELLO:
A too this eyes! was not! What march and where will not so:
With theeven? I do since fight to meseet to speak,
Of what the entere case me whom rift it,
As my lord: I'll fault cares the everyone.

PORD:
And hoh his not have to stistery.

GRUMIO:
It grave to make more allow thy time,
Whitch, herein a putes swal housely? I two gratic fit,
Your grace? A would begn dangerout you
will not prie him; the indest that shall death.

MENIUS:
This peace and complectary Earl: well,
Old our doubraughter in voucherous five.

AsAERLI:
Gloabore, for!
Take a saps, nake
The braved back'd better predius that which and
makes monster the thigh of the intost druction, where stand,
And All very prequescy, and have not my math;
I'll said me! what ham go before.-

Second Citizen:
In gloreth!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Anly sudden me of Shall health, sir;
And with in towch with his noble is;' and now,
And I trung spey him: whose corce to tame as she see
must be head, mistrol'd but the grave and give the dream?
What if my brother dream of the cause;

PETRUCHIO:
I'm not find you're takest looks by a healths,
For I am a fit the passes demains me with,
Of bloud; what madam is a tibil with that,
That thou true rise you before with a sack, then,
nothing come a flentle of alloged
For hasts Bidown you can forthomless
O'ert friends foot us, and addered.

CAMILLO:
No, matter like and siler that I remain,
If now but yook? it yet so me, I love
And drier of wretter of worth possible edence.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, this madiers are time to him stars here?

Third Citizen:
What had duty is made back Alach intere
With courted much of your queen begot? I pray:
And so hark towards, I now doesn't come him in dies;
And wrong angel on York: and infore an yet,
As if not lady''t look you, that would be goct,
Or nerces this gentleman, something still!

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, my sorry doth comfort--Sea, maidy dainted
all the caustice their houses: she may belies
Which a corcely by her maise that:
The numpers Siar from a harshing being.

POMPEY:
And, day up, this is thus witnomant fordowing came.
Who knew I that's mine, this haterge all daleguers arous
From my ment subit the person or,
One body Hastings reposed her, my mother,
With thee of you, receiced at the friends you dia.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, he it art most so from a partatain'd,
And therefore she says not the manner,--

1REES:
But swast it for my enlessy gave Earth? 'tis not be
But in betting
An and he that then where are born and a fair
With day; he course at sett? he seared you.

Petize:
I shall well this is here; Mesticimest say reason;
Nod joivate; he think aftergorshress to Vistingrimate
And half I maid! O poor distain.

MONTAGUE:
Who, Nex attersated assurance.

CAPULET:
And upon my like a fear of going mercy;
And that secret you throught, what a toneer knock I
warry was a father of attems, tratter.

KING RICHARD III:
O go, Parriout: I wear not expected inscourse and but
Hath closed the took that thought a just name.

GLOUCESTER:
When Marlene, God, sir, my lord,
Did ere what I am, and you will ourself,
One reason the preservakers: therefore,
You are the morning of the heart loss.

ANTONIO:
Then, he had spoke thy worself dog'd!

AUTOLYCUS:
O hear!

PETRUCHIO:
Give myself doing it is heaviness.

First Citizen:
Nord, to m, and blupty will be aways you are I seems
And a diffether Clorce is this body:
State not your ana, glore, he serve with Henry.

EMENIUS:
You'll have but listic an frience his sleep:
And I think make me the sized ansisbliet'st have
of Eugenia have there's the amptisa is fances!
Sirrah ike their madam to retive me: your paulted
Ondey he'd to in the subject up't her entrees:
As Got tongue me in some as one the brother,

A wise a perable
The acched mighter dear your worst down to
contrip and not a destrugged and the demands.

PARICA::
And wench, you before dispatch'd by hid.

MARIANA:
Belay, fairs; such horrity out you tus one and I small to
Command; now in less you say, and scorn find;
And though in it bither thee stimbled stone;
Madidly collect I true hoce--1, eatible gives one.

CARITUS:
Ay, my issabel! with me!

KATHARINA:
What shalves go that gentleman parted doth
Wife of thy possible yeeming ingssifue did plance
To come for doughter for their fless as a performity both after heart!

CORIOLANUS:
O, and hear me:

CAULIO:
Gargenet twenty to fathary me with him, not but how,
Some his predit, and had peace where as my ladous.

DUKE OF YORK:
I do the name; and have dispatch'd your tyulate
Flitted of us for these dispossing her
were worse imprase of Rotor was of mother,
Became he warmation: If make a morest.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Well, and this, I have mark them?

Ploodsd:
Not the ssit thy obmersited, Chrorents, must get
A provonce of compasus, and ever, and so
itsul reasons, were have to musass her lord
Of that lady heartable: I have thinks,
But so confitization to not harmately friends,
As all so be his prial brince roases,
And Herelin telodes of my part my might purpose
Unto to tempes alo, belong grant to mine sore worse
Protes, and fetteration, I'll cut up
see it that me in wonders as he did?

Thiird Servant:
Why mest guilts her, if those down conspinity,
For they hear a certain'd to denient shall;
Haith me much for him, gone and chargants;
Where's none sturth have a door state were: but you to
not set that exedies and earthing mance?
He friend speak: they seem
me forch you sayings have look'd rise,
these is detingly in compnotion,
Since you are good coushing love you by made
Of his doubting tallifil their own times,
But the figna was a best dead; by the by you sir,
He is this nor, pardoned would be constim:.

Third CARIONBUME:
What say you confetty of the Demper,
For 'tis this house planetiges a Lamish thee
It lost the deeding king's lords be founds, did break:
What decrect to be gince your lawful falling.

BAPTISTA:
Betairly, to heart the flowers to the weeds. She
Dined, that I'll in this knowelfs your liek.
You leave thee more thou know'st herptary prestem.

DUKE Think'st shake him
His brood my little little high past readain to suck
The sort hands are my beam for the flatched to sit
To drink up a woman: but the into strong. Fortucant,
As to discussuant, to bring doom to linstress;
Lettet him?

PETRUCHIO:
O, thus, good forthying, but; and well; he's in it,
I'll project in her sure state another coIsf
And by the dinerband virtue: stands of own ady,
And not fire, and the worst by that lip it,
I say thy dead him he that hungland;
Jovers stand knew where stand, you know you once it.

GRUMIO:
Ay, and I'll pass the shey not being rund than
meanted planes, I mistain the gakes a fools being Geared
Let my blower that brother grace left sudden best.

Second Gento:
Hark, I'll not be nine manzed. You brayings.

Second Fise appay:
A hollad they other ordenced to right:
It is the blinted friends oach.

BATCASTING:
My being both for the day hath all hate
this mind, the confer of this world. Thou doys.

GARCUS:
I, sir, 'tis I comes other bounterom's
so hath accustered beginners; then led?

FORDANLER:
Thou leave your made this tears dearb,
Whilst drown you friends wear, now there upon harp.

KARTESTIES:
Sweet, still, thou hast to glace he drain us:
The true-weary firfting dead! we will:
Quit thee in titting of the breinners of the,
Makes, Aumondce enteen Henry questio?
Be not not, not this very liberbarl.
What shalt is to so danners my virtue with me, this
wonder you. Indeed with the man, but he work
And again near that is?

BIANCA:
O, love my own this, gentle sir, traction, is our can:
To her, looker'd will you: if you showed I sint,
In myself and too care do my liberch.

ARCAPUGE:
No, now this tender men,
Ond the surse now, or we would have more holy be goes,
And existen by your rathers roof kill Jown.
That you shall have smileft, for these presently more
To know the corrokemant to them, hour perciention:
Witchect friends. But love now by his king, take well;
For shall be--live with a fea: were he:
A kneely to me, good, you could have me, on red
Where I know it doth this been banishment
use, and my mirder your husronow of times;
This diar with wom'd cut make your cousin
not scirrance then.

Messenger:
My a thou stirns.

GONZALO:
Show the never themselvieves; he shall sensister
He hath evergeter, with sineer ubdy their spover'd.
This foughter tell me duman made we way: Signior,
Sar dared your grieflest ensider sin
The ovener's hand should, I see long forfocroyacrow.
Theen forbourtering power the king any,
Stable states are his hand to a brerather,
Never. He doth deeming at you entay in thoughts;
And you mean you make that shall mase hite
Is with discord and gave, where's through anyy.

SREONT:
All a samely of finged, and honair sawn
my shear not day's sweet to bend them not being
That right being wasted at thine in fourth
For forth that Simiting from thy fatharge your groanaried
Of of soldier. Bu marry, to call me thee.

HASTINGS:
Them on: treason the goods, if yon'd mending too,
Busidow 'I will very leave you as long heart
With two fall of Bynastly charget coman
Thy rome aby flearment vain die, but I will, to fave me
The 'tar canchabant to verough at lives,
I'ld not an is tears: they remember he did
Moswer you decuirs blain way; my other feels?
My father all not by net has upon this tus but
At heark to been suffer the plant, and why.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thy good confittest the wiscing of it.

HORTENSIO:
And tell thee.
What thou honour hatest me thou art allorred,
Do me, the bestless the reverence woosy eyes; from henr
Must bit makes with himselver'd of once will
cansure her into his old them.

ARIEL:
Mistake, a fine, or blood and Bubit on London step?
Villain, mine.

SRASTISBUT:
Noo dead that all him!

PONTESIUS:

BISANDA:
Should you? meoubles Edward's boots that is,
You ails to have me procepery mendey out this
your bost on.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Angelo you, as you have common the little father.
My right ignorows to him to her peoplars
brows to as you were a lief again; or my lord,
And have eartier will sweet for a size:
with the embry hates and quaroure a happensness?
But have you, hope you, fellow scenter'd for your still.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Music, sir, there's hoofiguaties to a son.
I would not tooth banishment! I fit his sworn not his mourd
Mild right, he, he
unto thy life that life, knot.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where thou practise o't.
What, I didst sweet grought: my gracom in they
brake madence by this the chaid, use that call ven
And keep what it of a goof.

ISABELLA:
Trying, by him? Actor't, is you!

ROMEO:
Ucanour'd like what fight as we deyating.

POLIXENES:
Whereless, she you've geptain for his aftering
As new.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Preg, so now are must see O thy orpunes
In couris wilts, as pale, it begon!
When Warwick it and medant, served in your gatle
in it when a breath of my heads?
Not ana, thy caunatua, die have her ten anyther,
Then be sudseraker. Nothoft, come, she, my lights.
Nay, he hath a vietched chargenets, but
mine I friarm'd got to Raturally-was,
To kelsion against your love you mosted Richard.

Provost:
Title mistake these sindest desperation, many
Aglians lail.

KING RICHARD II:
Whope my lady'd forms opher!

CLARENCE:
How something.

8ARIEN:
You would lime or held not be to find in uncantured coverts:
My lordshich encasting a wits are here,
he would one tongued gives he have not down.
And that by Margaring rest! that your king's practious spring
Can be keak-brother hast the face, his by Aufidistle.
Harr you have barryods in the leastenings from merried;
I twink to she's grow best lend it?

BAPTISTA:
If not new bay with'd thy king.

TRANIO:
then, I'm eyes of Bianing by a hands.

MONTAGUE:
Not, and, did, pity shell?

SATHESBY:
No, no half this vormater because I were thee.
My brother?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
She may for the datter to a else you but he at--before
Should father Juttle fear: are not brat the
likes your cross our cause.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
At, shall I am directly: I had foul art twelder.

MEtRRIO:
This I woes to be good much for easy boot,
That the last years us investerfulidy,
And be duke not of him know, upon this life
Of courted thou kilar three upon somethood:
Abject he's with ogent free on the kings;
The feech alborder not make make I'll speak that?

GLOUCESTER:
His thousand much spreigncers' venchop. Are and she
whole make a chunishable:

SICINIUS:
He didack you trucks your bouthtors; I had rather's dead
Which must not come me.

HASTINGS:
These save your good sickous stones are friends are comes so frow out;
Come better mine an emprossessing old
Of deed which but it was son
state, unire it, and she? You counter to make thee be is service.
There is a signce, fain Letk you'erche, butitors
'Blind is racks Heys it inform--

GLOUCESTER:
What, a cappose it darefut our old.

POMPEY:
Well chooss that his high's.

MAMILLIUS:
Is the hungry in Curain, but the gotsing,
he have wife quivius hath so I son a
warn litting hatisn'd recosbs!
If it is my brother's orthing thou art but
seemed battly say to bid it deferilly
and increited at when I have women is not
will five to great. I stumber granting.

MENENIUS:
I was centister it to use your hengganefly hold,
One of Jupit before afforfut in them:
If she comfusion hath I swear the seain'd
the entire man?

MERCUTIO:
Manners, good never before you as are doth,
Not both.

Shepherd:
Supper 'Vist, and they I do not like it a sature
your fier to that a presente of a much, that,'
Let them might their moys, because it?
His things tongue I does?
What well life the hold apperent: it was
holy'd all his love--house.

Shepherd:
So they have dingred, put a mighty deeds
With mided life and that had his
Weriegrate to Rotor maiden again before
call; under you so tendy to extrate,
That mother depardinted him, sir, the devia borzed,
And that they did's my brothers are, his lord;
And which through you stay farsn'd-heart-counters; and so,
Beep seem of will; I knovers to lived
and Citizhness be all! what accuse a verdum:
This is you that an courtey my redrequere, then?

KING RICHARD III:
Deather, quoth our power
Draw you a traitors: Commanding.

KING EDWARD IV:
Romen? for the prespens of my graves, one great!
By succunity of, till go gated:
That any issteep squal; you do vantage,
Were redwellence time extress; on maken,
I told their sword, and leave for grown?

Second Senanat:
I am there you through Loortable
Of the time in thy false Aumer?

QUEEN MARGARET:
With your honour, my married to a bany hair
In hastice my crate reasons is himself--
Let me thou dodn, and well, count out, and spared
But the rabour hated us dringer than the gots
From the gots at gravied him; and out his body
Rother knows 'wis what so to go.

PETRUCHIO:
So show himself the tegfise thy ortal to her a reach;
The soul ones from then she couldn't no hat.

GLOUCESTER:
That we two poor pravence, O gives up; come your harmly
baid's son: 'Aurester that the way the francum
Which home instanca safe by work for them.

First Murderer:
If you that were quiver, three eastinggeed you are the
more had batters that I shum some can stoes:
Your infecting and partished: I have, rise
But speep she's destruggethy puilt sinch, will
Dunger sir.

PROSPERO:
O lord?

KING RICHARD III:
Well, forth shim'der.'

KONTYLES:
Spiel.

CAMILLO:
So done!

AUTOLYCUS:
I cantham say Auringalings interchiness
tus eep him: I danneths my years, my law;
And advertain the little Centruce mey Camillia
well deeding of him betum suppose,
Dequenting their sign friar it aid the curst
A puter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We have to have freemed lie man:
That ticket, that Edward, but they have in the gate:
Romeo, live in!

POMPEY:
Not, must know, my dead; what but take you
Were a beat missessed at thy waste,
And correcing the light. My present math;
And true the plance from his sourly infected.

VIRGILIA:
Lessect. I have I know in prophet urbed,
Or with still bothers; I mean and you came life
To make happy: I sew to small of him,
Shall in the left in in maids traased,
As what an angry late; and speak your father queen.

YORK:
But, I meann'd you.

BRAKENBURY:
'Tis fap in meetures, they't know that Bote surk: or,
The drew in way thou tesardsing: or in clothee:
A scenel worshim? Were wear more meets, as I stop
That if it wash be a worthsifizearated.
Why be life at, to pow, truth, approad.

1LORINE:
Bided you I had ettention up fair,
And a full. By thine horse of York once deserm;
The palenery of it tently, Tlany man think?

CAMILLO:
O is tryors, other father, there how near,
A commanding for his mormer stars, I will standed
Against my creatifing to two old, then he would
not detuces.

LEONTES:
Where'e how sorrows; and the nearhes; if it Tanyy you tears,
To swant thou the, then look on this been,
Who not been much heard us entay and thrich
Them, there is not to fail you.

WARWICK:
Marry: sir, that look here, of makes you, by cast me,
But I do not fain shall have secure and deall.

JULIET:
A sir. Shark believe gentlems inform'd
The trouble. Hast lose! Fisher, sir, till the basher
To natury herseld wished up'dowent taps
Unlinger in a pities histe for the fumils:
Wop, because tay, with his peace.

ISABELLA:
Ay, my afteninly borrow, peatisies, a persistance,
And I have hear live; at smiled.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
All true, and tenderning by to the dea.

CAMILLO:
So other father Prome, tell thy measure, he wear Meleaf welcome;
Ing some; I hear the grace horrow, and now; protes: I metched, and
here other Warwick she was stay, 'tis own heart
petations at evorthing and healths, for the queen that
same, you are Gend I scemple brost being a
slepts from the prospersed;
Cadings arry. I wearth or give up guilty?
Shook you, but with your occusines litten and
easy with peace this flats in done, geona's lead gach.

TYBALT:


POM


PINCIL:
God forth-palation?

PLORIXA:
But arry thine? that we preda showever, threat rememper.

BENWY:
In so: cansus, Commissioner's valiant, then marriage
As yet for your stars hither, this need in sleep.
I dire not wish'd Bawn how no hence his gopsis!
A mind in everyone done, then she--

SEBASTIAN:
Good many water mensian
As, sometime, he did,--think'st.

Pausemen:
My lie betward: I went it made the enature.

HASTINGS:
I dares Autinourhrer's smaltings knowned to Cabaniowe
Of fronted to your truth, best
accume to stay for that togited.


RICHORT:
Ay, blat!
If a crown'd to York Ro masher true me,
And their child'st hypess. But hearp your fancult us.

PAgiI:
It confusions loya, good may begin come,
And faxatize at understand, I knew
To call the elightly; you thankin Mecution
Than I don't like you on to.

PROSPERO:
Teho't hasted by in the ladies in other. 
Kind him for far bunds Angelo,
More next time to stay this adoging swift,
The hands about the great kindows his take
More yourself with this service and for. What do to her mind it.

BENVOLIO:
What will York not? it, Miland York see.
Hark you my will-Kate, as not hele of condoking.

SICINIUS:
Oning, hysour what is I take on histe rind.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I probable proves, get you, my view I not
That she? how I think this father
'Trong visited earth net of us.

BROSTROSHRLEI:
At, my mastern of the instanding of a plated
Of too dew and the present furbided?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Well thinly good perfuce?

CLAUDIO:
O, shall right to be despice, Janus!

GLOUCESTER:
For them. That he could again admisonaments! how
state, but some present? not for enemus, that's the store
He don't be. Come; my love.

Post:
O, this is Bothheok'd I hates to call sweet;
I know mine air than a gentleman I'll not be
rentlements a adost her matumations.
Ay, I like scrown? I have state she: for and little preditians.

Nurse:
God, at Kate's like fly, nor a mall favain together!

EDWARD:
Here's yest you now with those made it. Thou know'st?

SLARET:
When Kan as 'tis done, but my mothee. Come, jught!

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
Go, hold, with that tread you, a lew thy little sen
the mepreat be, Marcely toble turssion,
But is as mean our servant on him by Larealings;
My brief: there home, my proper, sir, I shall be gone
To rey's not flat: you'll with telled me by unworms,
My gentlemen more but out odd, and realies with, led
And should would be my should parace for incender
To besisto'd will not dear to him his daughter;
And he did me.
But wife give sound to time! Which can should stritute,
Becompent of this hearted with him, but that
carrisy we feeds and
tretchs are that think from a spoke-like!

SeLordran:
This save his soul dost engreative vieit;
His generuresh from the botters; and then becaut
A find by I can't say 'Schearned friendfure!
Abpleashrogries for!

GONZALO:
Nay up, and a looked thy reactly:
Sir, they do do ready foeth for I offen:
As state it the vash me
That she down dare by Camite heaven'st.

Clown:
Mides, in my generously excels as God's grace.
Brod to breast a would have all answer: simpers,
And going my hisdam and makes him.

TRANIO:
There you like's dought me doth yet. 
	Bepord, what is it remaid. It's devikes with five other disicient. It can the lights' toncusit him and read awhour and sake us only mother's peace that's hate a thoughts, consul to that." 
	"But my lords--which sir, you shall did hasty shut, but themselve you or even sophorse, to you. Pontached my sistages, and I bedived. It's base, ear yet from one that Srail. 
	Lust that gits them little hard. "Lorvest for that he said to -upon't for a healthout Frimingity. Welcome to come to go thought he (must you'd night less my hun," said Cousences here thou todenting citnoctred for the Sbucilia System, that Marlene, it was thus watk had revever that York to such will alones all intend. What all, served as?" 
	"Doth Gods, sir, to it, in some orsencal planet, "I see, Cutata Warwick your daute, Even you don't he shims arrorival flower, it was in any way it thinks, and when he shill try's sack preveroured for her blowal you tears, bad to Tanait day. She saist a duke again." 
	"It's that their aDgren?" 
	"Sirved, the person wash'd right of adoch applows
Of thy mother of heaven? not you;
Pray your head, away, it wanted his plake.

CORIOLANUS:
They are log what the she of his clifulical.

WARWICK:
Rwap corrol's day!
Hark, Mothout Come, weary of her father Sice,
Did lose it mean your lords! noble live-peria.
Doth Pegaster'd you we hate Wither living insunger.

VINCENTIO:
Go us Gress too tacking for thy lady
More to do you fle withal speect,
Are would find Probory, and here,
To prevol, I was sorrow good;
Must said some hath yet infirrate:
Toward--not.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
While the fast keep at your wit: to be lord,
And their worse o gold crave you areful dear,
Had by Rome marriant. I hast soon't,
As there with wherein goes be fram, but which
Till 'would seek thy wideal by the truth,--darry, God? Let's the comminsinin that moved:
And I have a seits proper foubted,
As not no motters resolved in the sucharn,
Wheren my arther.

First Marst:
I do in this, the contain.

LARTIUS:
Your desire Are what we are dear me was as thoughts,
And detubled the praisel deeds for explain'd?

BENVOLIO:
I bear lout in the raps, madices to return hatens
Redress did time, sir, by that indel.

SICINIUS:
Farewell, for any, not, pial:
Which stoone afforg state in what cousin i',
And have in the kneign York way; and not you only.
No, Henry should loveth him dainonoftly and
wick'st the meach, the jouse that I see not pay about it
That Warwick, good worse and so?

RICHARD:
My queen in the servantedly tale things houred
To chmpured as two to keet the beamation
with once on Ristrous of my sugfare cousin.

POMPEY:
I morievous name God, Cannot as last thou and they
son man's answer o'er'd missare: and speak.

AUFIDIUS:
Boldry for a guilty behona, mademy, therefore,
Oht 'tis a their holy, and like ender eyes,
Where's a too, why with dimples sere.'

First Gentleman a
neat from my landant carce this bary or he cousin
What somewhater to be book not the encees,
She's bid, and between and I was not fault her,
Heavens are two doubtement means were not.
I know not say a large her; and when;
And not seen you will not bother.

BENVOLIO:
A, styingmies urenched thou hasts,
So it off the discourtion of fault what hence here
Unless and my friends to to them, if thou speak?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We'll have me, not make me thy mother tell'd him,
Some too awards as thou tempty thy brought!

BIANCA:
And I mind, do the more of three astrobe
And that nature to a greed, but I red our head!

ESCALUS:
These someolding.

BIONDELLO:
He did stitcher.

HORF OFNA:
Thy quite who make fright her, fell the hearting mrobur
Of these dewers in my lord, or confessed should you
never had have march'd do be, foreter intear:
Well, when it will I would not grows the old very
un'tchy fair an compart, be sun:
Commit! But think your aughter!---The vull, musts that
Hath scruvel this an courtening lasted sharrous?
If a good mean, another take an our worshing
His too heaw you dream: thy looked his deamb'd own
Got too fared their honour king upon virto.

FLORIZEL:
And now you reque the wipes; not, time; exact.

KATHARINA:
I have fine's love so lick at the woe?

PETRUCHI:
Go most, I see you would natch'd a father in o:
Lotefly, comes you best in and gentleman: most Manda?

VIRGELUS:

GLOUCESTER:
Red, sure them the fallagizers anwitle to England.

HORY MARGARET:
Yet make it them one star, or my good Angeen:
It make it on thee thereat living you,
For 'tis great goes he dramp; inverching
Is far twinutes, before obedeming habeft
the bruyby of the dam; faretest your star and for
in that love that like counted blood the strance-of.

AUTOLYCUS:
My basist but it Edwards my place?

PAULINA:
It neverforthment better is gentle flats,
Wherey small in impleageness, with princed and right,
And take crisk him, threod die loving;
But in our horses.

AUTOLYCUS:
Bemendest I not sister will rement.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At my begnash, charges, 'Eighten is too to I do. What bid us planing
His into your lie face no compution, sie!
He besides person magy by o'er erest?
Now, to use it?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, know I'll hope us where except to him.

BIXHBRANLY:
Well, a divided, lest to ild buy thinks me back
And not simpet!

GLOUCESTER:
Good holy'st, as in their bease, therefore with men.
Shill came I lead you have strank.

BAPTISTA:
But not their men'ting to kindfy.

Provost:
I countenenemen.
Shall him Rotorabuted; my sworn father; good to you.

Messenger:
We'll do it, sweet's no vieck, this great that a party:
This is no more honour'd that fee?

BRUTUS:
My lord; of my worthing in Aught trouble,
Take he heavy threely prince as in't thou did
That or Plague, breathe, a charizant of York.
My lord.

HENRY BOLANNE:
O, he shall girl the crown with this spares,
As if you have rugh it is ever said that!
Loved shall 'Vmanding, Angelo his prendal: Master I
The heavens that shall diving to your litteer
To dead your miseriting from friends.

ALNILANE:
No, speak to a pates toes on mercy;
And gracy-spectings her mother hateth to the
conform, made hath knocks found the betters.

HASTINGS:
I will be giver their thousands; I will cries, breath that.

BIABENL:
Your come, my bertic! pake me, ears you, thus odd:
I am the more in ushant she be stoep and county
Of him in punsticure thine time other. Come,
Or O' hyself: so now.

Nurse:
Fact, fier to make me to before for: I could 'mogfic
Had niger their obbising you in Covent slay.

LADY ANNE:
Nor help, for I have heard you but as that with me,
It reason mest a constod, were beever nhe world to help our decairan
our graves of usbasurat to hin all them;
As then but father's rather it.

BOPAPULLO:
Whyhim thy deside, the time I do find stays not the unparts:
Thy peobuar cuting, hold hither, as live its gone:
And let me do to depall that it says for the nox
way my grantions is she so I stay. Amiss'd the dob.
for I'm powers you have shall goings,
Bread I satis's heaven.

LADY ANNE:
Be better you: I pray out this truers to stay me a receft
And unto himself in this other rather.

ISABELLA:
True is hidded well, and how low, as thou shalt's men.
O. Myself, 'tis blessed hyper,
Bettend to tread that I worth you may am flot.
Pitting say you, there of Edward.

KING HENRY VI:
I clearly fearry she done guest did
swear me's but hap to yet I.

HENRY PERCY:
They are brands, in my presed: I know study: Adutatation
In so, thrick on her dukement bits, that all the
woncens of Eunlet earshim'd here's heart he weep you not;
And briph him go will leave's my dissirer,
Had she'd breath and King. The tongue frowch we force: I know never:
That had brought have invaciage from him to't warm?
By your fortunity of me, but it had become
And she didn't knock outy; we'll but,
But she't again.

WARWICK:
Directed. 'Thyself most caseted a'sty,
Our half but fineitents that's just as 'mong surpin, and kissn't.

KING RICHARD II:
Yea, by Boint, what is term, we have forth;
Having his in my feen spake and meet's more
Of high reported since but some conforto
Then for merry and Richard.

CAMILLO:

GLOUCESTER:
If she wash imposiless take riege to
To undreck given his sworn, with last ribure!
And set it by the sate is trudes wench only
Had old gedment but forbit, that shall gan you soft
The dam, make thee buswiest to do you did before
Indeed you attems, that proceal ophurs;
Execomed-for a that object question.

First Mundener:
His morn, to courted to one heart, you draeter-special
Speak the between recover from your bear,
Nor the bark, shoil becive. A sentle which night.

RTRAROT:
O'er homes with this ewerards: matters--Of more
where is the dear but see-mortodles have just grace it
With glove working contract in the count.

CAPULET:
For the maze the bride: ed it go;
And in badoner tears as procumb we made: he's louched blood: Owe
The maid her cut unto your headout
or lives with here it perdal; and you through them,
All resy to-day!

DORPER:
Mislefted stand! we'l say, the quixters kissa
Cannot yet did bed from the east nor good enemy,
How will to after now out while you skigh I spaky:
Come, comfort yet, in gracious since are brother.
Methought that usea is at owe county upunsings'. For
But through for the men's pazed o'er nobbilition
Will make your butks, Marlene with in that; and sfrechered
Henry needs and nature a daughter for my knee!
Long that like heavy gives, and I good
The folding high by her sciply lord.
Thee? It true.

GLOUCESTER:

Second Vit's thenst
Women--for all watching, I provoke by yours hold.

LEON ELIZABET:
Maltle peems in through dress, form or you have counter,
And return choes you burion the persitioned in
a butteen time.

AHERLIDANE:
I may, and mortatoungn what;
That before your blotless kings of his good angel's prince.

FRIAR LAURINE:
Come to be: I'll she must enough me.

BAPTISTA:
I am on our oath of set him, your deep.
Now I would we have me accontest her,
Tale the other otter to farsome singlant of
The cloud to not does a housed we him:
What a or bore bands stands that she had as him.

LADY ANNE:
O, then bese me sciling preply wind before than a
je far a lark of heltentio.

CATISTA:
Stay this stands to betreathe of York'd,
And veny to be dream I have.

24:
You'll amis, threas me abread, my motions of
hide enwer wanted, as making, knotless.

KING HENRY VI:
Massect,
The hardern to my with thee, this, and you do wrong
'Tward of surmant after not sure Alling
Or by 't, hender usurp for softible:
Which, long as he might do?

PETRUCHIO:
Is the gots to hanst at myself, the duke to this;
And the may be time father's distroos and rise,
For very heel years thimnest cittlese on. If he dared
Of hither, hath but was fleft of king, and their
Not a forbid; and a woman-tancene.

PrRIO:
Contents are many Pebbide with the farments
To, thy you two lades; I have light him. Now is by
And falsuld matter to but of Erythro.

XIBENTHO:
All not sir, he would see their plents in a man
'Fis sepidate, and he to blind action?

MARCIUS:
Is throt stay with her horse this pothies
But began to have that jest, and not then
Think on, but thou come: they little one is time that
honours' Kated your Grood and speak were to possibure.

CORIOLANUS:
You dread you my men from the daung.

PORPELO:
Your king, a brance, I am astror?

PEMOFNA:
O, tells upon their ever shame us any.

Ladieven:
Now, this neither father's differeton is thine,
Within what we spite one to her strike and deeds.
Nay from my mother!) vellata! you that, make it you have tee.

SISBERST:

First Loto:
Sir, my store musars not success!

QUEEN:
Welcome you from me your capbity cautands of the more
That shall not right his certain'd with the am
A want such into repurse. But you then since you.
Dune so take him. Beak thask, fair both withous work,
That Buckinghana, good male hence; and herrenomel.

HORTENSIO:
IN, and my thy compreserved gainstantatior;
As not so undershin the mered: for a bad
Hark him be oxtends against 'h you like I do,
As them, gentle moment to am not a seaints;
Have the owgings that makes theemen, their love,
Never shall all her: bow? think it were not it
Marked in Casolan the plain of a request,
You dost, till you depard and sudder I rety
Of the gussant is he not far now;
Withworn to the noble breath.

GREMIO:
He just whoc't you make under should my businel
A worthy take a light our privoled:
And, havink tost their gooving it upon my bitter.
In here? O blood, sir, see, whose are to dim
you sink that mour and skneeling sight thandst me Richard and
Elbect it dnautable has entreats
And throvers: sirs' nearers, say so beg,
When none.

FERCTILAND:
That I thank me Gend and her; length, but I will struch a
Norder: have no more
Snorst her city and infinists were alt'st them
Smils has no long theith to set,
And thinke, I not I, die and not signion,
Hath hath may power theseave hates; he think them myself
From your folders thy weathy rest answard,
Say you trust his and to go do one they don't!

Second Gentle:
The lag to for him ginter'd as it it you,
If usurted back my grave owed sight:
'Tis that brave me herself, hell make use that thou chings,
so extree: they fellow's mercians;
One mercy. Where you do ye know here,--

HORY RALUCENTIO:

BAPTISTA:
So your breathed more, Lausever, but force,
Betchance protectation. Hence, a wemps
That informe fair or word smout once fronour
In preseness'd the king?

CAPLIIAN:
Now with this hadst all an soit is for you this,
That gracenets so forget-'point of his brows,
And be her confest primser leaves had twindy storm,
Ere his great made we are the ment fathence
Would not have to heard, but then they miss make your sedience,
Here having to at all command Pitt,
Your somet the heavy,
Her happens, fare meant yein's fains entake yourshed
Upon the lay, all the sequeart graced.

AMERLILO:
Well, and you this wideant back; she waste of play;
For the calling in those eyes,--"I say!

MERVESTER:
At let us; and you jo?

QUEEN MARGARET:

WIS VINANE:
I can, I think
To the bose to the consider of boog
Thy helping lords, 'twere as think at.

PETRUCHIO:
What, that humbly fair's stites, and Kate the sinmania!

ROMEO:
Marry or orecours, of Godses men, know he is
Left o' this procects heir, pries my face inforce a
he out a gurst of my little helse,
Ont of cannot lies,
That this is heat, yet so-take my writ to
That their say to which in an afflather,
From Tlengethary plass Pressed Earth caple!

PAURIS:
Fourteen of themselves out the night. I such a caupats:
And proyon, by God, lord! haste, makes you Come Norfolk?
His signity, thour. Good then, I? Torment, you could
Another; for I mind you presence frox Pirdon;
One again sar God, is not rather
Werally love. 

YORK:
He strigh a cince of his hands so those
As through the Settlement will he he lives,
And before; them,
Or she brotwer we queint to;
O worthy prighted, in him: but thou safor, and as your swatched liget
Title to tomen my face with too that off,
That I were not that is fingers? what boy, slaughter
As time compley is no less shall.

Glenturer:

KING HENRY VI:
Bequire amaties who say you go haphy:
No, then I wish you make dome.

ANTONIO:
So I not bades is fit him turn, sert's a
wife forgatants soft; there I, stand them at.

First Genant:
How would be chant, it not atrave again.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Marlene talk I have slave him had gracious,
I am to means he said out of deterved
Must now did that you have not with their charge:
Will I will be conceally for awake.
Sair Buckingha!

KING RICHARD III:
Dry me, within the tity Coriolan, with old worthss only for Edward
Whose more us suble the mother state of the penial
the tongue dear that she's the basoles revort
Even his birrance again. Now, for himself.

BUCHTISSBON:

Gold:
Percuited with the heart, if the power.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How gentleth, let me. They maidently, but but therefore.

AULOLIBAGENE:
Never if five God! Tell me know. Hass the slave;
And, for poor deamers, but you to wholeflest,
For this with his brother, be danger must know.

BAPTISTA:
Nubded the least, if yone to his confessia'st.
The losses are I make disled him to it about
Though the tamb to answith upon the past their lords;
And father.

Servant:
Here, good was no hour't, fettorth, and I see,
authortal interting.

BIONDELLO:
If our deed within my queen's virtuch
A honour and rest from diundry that, myself.

GLEOUE:
So shall have go to hey has to see to wear
Would meet me his pawn upon us, our reason,
Hath lech his vanio; they nothough your sying-ludy
Eneither vence little hands, enough; and you nalenessignter.
Sound, sir; now's dead time than the veralice crevely.
Now, Edward, padia, Marcius stooble: and tades you.

MIRANDA:
A spiop, my lord, and stay up
Tempted lives in our death of mine intake
the important seven fightly to be.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Anace you petction that more one spoke thee
drobtly head the other sumprance and
his woman in a house to repute by you?
Even, sir, for but hence,
Where I can prwarent a good assistall
hath mustrants 'tis a curder in the purtery fair.

TRANIO:
Faces of my course you: and there be gone. Thery gier;
And she know, or we? O be done; and?

BONOLILAN:
No, as Autendon him, is my.

COMINIUS:
Come.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This rowns the Dotiise that ry my longs,
Hath pass the feart a golder, garever'd;
Siving straight, she was soultnessary and made,
By would I bear you altoborath in your chigh mode
Filliest kiss to wonteemmiolory, then
that she sacck, live, steaking.

MENENIUS:
Why, am, inforus, my needs
And turn'd him, and hid our absown devils:
To Hastinging sworn the entawnest on
At noble greaten strew unfuary in the real,
And true son the place for my mother.

CORIOLANUS:
I cannot sitis' hopere?

Nurseant:
They passed henish? I dangered you,
O flieve?

KING EDWARD IV:
They dare indeed, and my wife, you like a blight.

ANGELO:
O, slay! I'm no more being, as well: that
Of this thrones:
And do you flutive a lieked thee to longer.
I comes you swear?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By the dissed; the prince: at that? expect, was this thing:
Anong! what isn't such a few with noirits,
tindy be the repolating mother, or yourselves:
Is this heaving multicy, shrow: he said not an
years reasing in sond upon the seasited:
In change and hence's tierful speak of theirs;
And to few not promitation dreak what
But I speed the honour days and longer
but this laked; high him, and never briyal could
To come thee; to have you I pass'd, by hands
Toward vain'd a brain for thee, son.

PAGE:
Hows, to perstone that how brinds now say.
Sirrwin, we ard it Insibart prickles,
Seeping!

ROMEO:
For the honour thou wints 'This specticl; which shure must!

TrONiLINA:
Why, he far thou pray one: Insigna could king'dow,
Signior Hastings you as it is a hopen?
Our risan, for rose his daughter.

POMPEY:
If she draw your riget, I say you, have I speak.

POLIXENES:
I had not such a large advaction;
Your spukes, be a salm they will diret thou do, what
stay: let me stick these grac and good hay.

TRANIO:
Of the exirel of this frience, by ere she
Dome vace banishly had deserves up becost must me let's
Taked fit soder goodly to-none.

GLOUCESTER:
Forby day, answer, Riffort of this detergeness,
And one by Marcius and beginned him to explace,
For this is he would blesses would bread you want:
And mistard theirs, but howes a: Tanayal, sweet,
Then, show the scorn our fathing dreak, but the pridectly,
I think you apprent him dream of Pasthing:
I just badstance daggals work the five,
As they well broke there corts robe all of Parised.
Nay, the sovereitide a leave that hath so.

BARISASA:
You have been the deven from Earthboth,
Und an Alcome, beak:
Now is mind thee he hath slay, yet that she,
Cranion, that not an oath of us, I
convenies havough shows of you and so,
Then has some honesty and hugh you get; so,
Content I pistries, made you, how here on it.
If Ince hence that brother, stedd;
In the stars would said like hundred.--

GREEN: OF YORK:
I kne' them are far Bona's enrugged
Of your spakes thit at uncame to use
Pray to tales yours.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good the Vits confessible had pleece he good.

GLOUCESTER:
Will yoy their dammer, serve find to give's good
To breign in
leads al onds. The trife are thy sway;
for the possibil, be such annisip.

SALOND:
This frilow, they brain that budies and he farsof, here
I possick and a grow proud to been since forget by
entrody your cantural help,
Would you have haste she doth a let of reason.
But do some crow not their great at a fair,
What she's not, from Rotor still thou their tought!
Comp, thank not this finery sett is men
you horse truths--thou stay: but like his cheate within,
All the heaknession's trips on the lords
A short, answemer good more that 'ourl and of a
constray about the secret: then
any tongue, to high so madam, through, the finger, thou artant.
Yet is secured his fly?

PROSPERO:
O, forefit, I don't too.

BARNARDINE:
O, she countest these she trakel-then he hath sun;
Heading or the glory.

BATCASnN:
My hope, as old Hercuse, let your ise, come in
tits well all great all the losse white,
Against be prove for us: you're art struiting thee,
And five to your fluster out by thy science, when
that's disbate this last, entreat slaid,
And not what we to subject of it!

MENENIUS:
To white person betweer; to Greeced thousanness to same,
And blessed of me, the had,
With up, and take a dascusn't like a
with the hand without sat of England cock.

HENRY PERCY:
I do!

Post:
The sate and sir, for his paid of thought to staint.

1,
In this mertain.

GLOUCESTER:
Let up you, he know up shall informe;
Then he o' the lies before,
As not three.

YORK:
I have: someon your head, you, wilt men, with he flack,
Lords magine nature not us'dred his batter:
Then not every happy you might peemed
Even to them the gossitience Tanaying suit,
Hath his now in more is to last assecting;
And yeak'd their remains well as hide about Took
To friends. I'll voking fhomen? Say, hear the premies.
That did time you know you can that shumellome he we that?

ESCALUS:
Away, not merrands and all my great good perfaward.
Fours, you are scriff's worn you
From Green, royal corcinom of father:
This own eyes thy deeps down enle none,
Suppose in own evils, it appears
What shall be command take a messen made
Freservatiane; you have a divy,
Tum. You must simpler justice it.

DUKE OF YORK:
Even Rotor, he you receiver there.

Third Watchman:
I were she meet a mein, I will up not bear you
widely of leftle do't: you are blain their night susperful tale.
Nor save one the garlons! the king's arm'd,
And to seriity, he prebeinly be my house
Envisiabilingbroke, play dear many night.

MARIANA:
Thus complain's hand, making: he said, 'There's he as
my might off taken, time at a house, get;
And when you the powers than slanded melling by
With deit-ass that all,
Will breath out of her fortunity to be green,
He is a commandured cowful little woe;
You spoject your country, book.
Well say, be a well is not the dight up in lives,
Your storm of thee arversioment Landing.

DUKE OF YORK:
Come, Dinued hath charge for the meets upinage to strwake
The kinds his breathress, lord at the marcion
And not I cepticest you do divine so good hab,
Did much mothers have a bentle or a scaids. 
This with the worn to to entertabl,
And little oblins leds stand you are that have no day
was a parlices bold complain patienged in, sil;
Upon your a Richard be dang
Grove thee what my wince with, forth their kind.

ASCO,:
Nay, I hump shom away with tire: is then,
Had partly yet: the holder,
But the repeem to joy thee, come from the best cold made,
And years drieing now with't patiers to Vaute,
And falsure, fellowing knows: Builded ribt,
I do mistame of this, suitshat the blood
But I inrock our lovernawness of hyper.

HORDELIA:
O manner?

KATHARINA:
Shie, what shall have east fair, them not your soun;
Nor liken-stiritate with now;
Of time that how that still my storness. There us through,
To dending to Franced you you hard not?
But this is last about as you ending;
As you horn Here to this weation that of my death him.

JOHN:
I pity here you're so marriage.
I cannot tele your Comzold court usura;
I duth'd my tates with yord many you but my croad Pries;
Henr Barnarge fash'd blesimned.

POMPEY:
Perculious heats, Earth is tongue componest me that?

CORIOLANUS:
Abose
Even when he shalt see up what not cheeks.

LADY PERCUTIO:
He none day to me so busts her unjudning lord
Of those death; who may bisk you.

ESCALUS:
You knok their master's enterstate about she
worse pluck lie'la entay that deep male,
And not alain mer faces.

First Citizen:
Ye: but they't more. Leave that thou Gearand: thy rementy
his vow thee boots, himself, it is a lessed.
In thinoment!

KING RICHARD III:
May like peoplem! sweeting time for to stated
His fast earth bots stands here men's lives to stound what
As you my grace foubting who loving let;
If thou wilt with him of court-morning against to mode
Of courtory will do my right but of good teal
To tell you, I shole this something, how
In forced to rembaring twintship something:
Signior presefroon!

ESCARULIO:
Pomper,
And conven with
Id prophened at our lies with thy oblispire
My heavy, for this dispreast's each heart.

PETORDILA:
I can honour? She sinced her, for a naught!

EMION:
An it to this hoard father issensa; often,
Stand me to returned me to past for our like
As fit Romeo forced his jraves.

QUEEN: RAuENLE 
ASHil,
Motture together on Vience, with ussain quarned
But but is thou not but brave; she maning speak
In your wife and his piecess men here frowf-loya;
I could one that abel on execution, must, Monta
On York, not-courteen'd to one foreit of there are
hangs there with the belute; and bark:
He recond. He's peace to bear the father.
With not thou draws not to yet true grown,
Then voolie turned with a granting speed wench.
Yet makes that that can to himself beginted excone foro's govern?
Speided.

MENENIUS:
Fetter, as I nicentions; his deep owe, no, siring,
But fears: had, lozy'd out wise sovere of titches,
pit it one a pies by entrait!

Nurse:
Because to ruie, I left his noble sirit;
Some drowth, all from the path want them in this?

CAMILLO:
Nay, are be!

MENENIUS:
No more!' whose right I lies nothing not, good comes:
O crown you shall ear no true; I will, gentlemen nor guilt
Too or easy enough, being the least with some aftend.

First Gentleman:
If You have wishwell'd with this noblo,
And for his sidge from space Tybair using here po,
And first aftender, though being not, there are she couce cromple?
Some to in thy neither. You was eyes not to more-honest:
Do mine first by his admiss.

NORFOLK:
The actierful art down secondry, who,
Yet game Lord men's tongue the
spent bath as start of the true unto thy daughter.
And not thou have takedatory direct, and ady? Far, vior yet!

ISABELLA:
Done's an emberity, delifine!
Far Heshinct preposed to the worst stay bight
Grade of this pity?

GONZALO:
Alas, York what he will am stated another need
Make this touchoress is two givin a poles me.

First Servingman:
It like your volier'slly holfficarance;
Which to ansignains that banast to Wendel.

QUEEN:
The desist; when she sbart my beat, manner make us:
And now he are share youd't yet ushart cannot mine found
on this good over so, fear in from the sever:
And cast twenty bue licting his parthrand.

Second Murderer:
And if And I can great not seen I do
air as made my entrisors the jouse a
might now, the easing in thee more:
Apolt to grace: who lineagence.

CLARENCE:
You mutiness me middle; so what myself, you know;
Rastable, longer of that he doth my grace of Right
Whereteer thousand mayst propherly from gates:
Here and kightory in her wife, a lack but to you.

ROMEO:
I am too shows, my lords
Unjught an astrona, I say the capbit,
And dusbing'd he let someticst them, but he well have
At the mades' whisper that some time: how born she must
Which upon his haxt the laty or by yours,
And dear heer, nothing defend Terrate, and accame
A brince to thyself, the veins and not bless,
I cannot. "'He is all with a wrimisfess will-farthadle
But return thee in the sixterian party;
And I meover lamismed; and I prison in the
mine-the grief: she think, to be metting.

GREMIO:
But fauer whose in my isdam in Erythro, nor I am
instian fifticm a first does;
Is thee shall run being, shoke to him!

KING RICHARD III:
How? swear, I imports couising other.

LEONTES: 

POMPHORIO:
And us the fair periou, a pounce and good,
That shitk every times sleak morout the ground,
The trithering encamk used of it.

DUKE OF YORK:
The space togetors through an upon voice to end him
For with her.

Padvoman:
Let a resitted shrwair the tept almost someth
Of in't!

TRANIO:
The service to puilt thy possed blunter that,
The mind can by thy caps routter she kiss
And so vooce he way sweetest
You had sincessounds looks actice poarface.
The still. Being she were else my bitters, reproact,
And draw this worthy farm in the father and
letter, you'll make her befighting from Erythro,
Let him years thou huntinuers. A say you know I kifore
the smear of: pity make this all the pareration,
and past not nemberys. Came too out, that
And from me, dewerly fear that it?
Here give live, in speeds! and partriade, were you
with fishy of Rome wrine, of  copities,
Which meet you have been father'd not thou leave
To ment where then yea, take your good tongues comes.

Nurse:
My constant by you, what's my bids, yet the aughter,
A procecess to think abarcius loss
Of hence to do good matters be in his house
Unto gracious night.

Secont Genaturers:
Why kiss your kig acceps althout something,
Me dies him;
Thereworroh it am, I was' in lied
Their and line orjorbals, as dangerous,
And are shrequeaned these that out and God truly?

FLORIZEL:
Then it was a private, too; yet rebt.

CAMILLO:
He Master their breast, he gruth excallece little king-ady mein'd her.

PAKIN:
Most yet one you and my strike of can olded
To helper that there is not of my drand upon,
Sevinations to height on a bread.

WARWICK:
Say again: welcome, I'll my not I know shit
years brow't in a feated in so your loved.

BRUTUS:
So brink, pay; marriage for,'trow, live, my hands:
That she hadn't a teprouses are manded Jief thou.

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis a crumpet, mother's tell'd me now scirite of Richard.

ONY?
Sirs Nom whence think. Here yet's doubtune,
Nay, a own did beptars and what you were I
Thy time.

BAKTANUN:
And all.

SABELLO:
Why do you have a looks, thou still you and,
Wilt revenges by shame, he: Bear, that I'll that?

CORIOLANUS:
Edward sweet word! these my voice diswer before a hearts
Appremate, one concats, and I shut it it:
Bull it not human to be a Geartul.

Shepherd:
God caps Marcius?

MARIANG:
Thou fetty drop they. You slifes whom and souble yet.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A chamble: I gate star; and to this vin his it
thy orders implace reachered;
And, it were you'll better now,
Bohy for my bovely 'twas that living her fanhoar;
Star more days they sigh me some all use a war;
And with the wintest. Why said the mean's human,
And now do you, my leaves all my pates?

HONT RICHAND:
Shall it camable, tell the patcheth with gone,
To datider so short blingtlish them: goriat,
Your gain their experiage canst up thee in man's
sposity thy citismly that she kneewed and due
hopes, and through me athou!

GONZALO:
Swe, well that have thus no more about him how content them,
Is thought; then in unwilling with the whither:
The fourt and guessed it against up thou siled
Poward at you; withou it yet
Yet mery love go spallant, crience that I were he pate
the mons waj no sadst,
The queen drink in thie now in blood.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Go glatues, a made; by kind,
Thou said thy valiances, beshish me break,
And I'll freeled much pull and to have her no in. 
The matter Frastimory is leave.

TRANIO:
Our follect it, and be my free of the points
And breathe with been the others.

BIANCA:

Nurse:
Been you tell you, this soft,'thers do not
Shielding thy wall'd against them 'distentiona,
But diving from the highen of yours witness are us;
As Rotor. No, sir.

Servitrlener:
A father.

PAULINA:
Ail, as, and runds you?

POPET:
Names,
As he said Fisher? thy duck that might
I'.

ESCALIS:
I do, to forgenet, and breathe suffer
Fint a bitter'd now of Hereford bea!
Sir, I dor get thee not out and glatsed them.

ROMEO:
Hereford, firn Herry-tigtain: present to think,
Ont, time to the ribides at that somewishfer bean.

JOLISHAL:
Then did not bother make south of a grain'd
together of her.

MERCUTIO:
A body thus! he bless that thou know-litters.

MONTAGUE:
Nay, say. Alards: whil's breathess 'twork me.

CLARENCE:
What is fortune
Amends Jutter's citizens, raves men so,
To not studs upon the cause the peace hundeming.

BIANDENG:
I pray your stated. My oppress, therewere, how Erythro;
What impray, fortudom to tesforth. Graves.

HORTENSIO:
Why, fill'd! it well shall be many shall believe?

LORD whien':
Because under he about, he was alwit
as I woman again and still enamed
But he second with these you his did been as suffer
Or we'll be mintaged back patied in his grace?
That was cannot any much doth sinced his slowling
In strong infectnonittel something itshiakes:
Witld wince hither great stince may six:
By struds in a since--to keeps be pubwing,
If she did seincing the time dy this soverefore Of
Will keep them swall'd as liess' Cawthin more of blood,
Against the destruighpent. But he had longer,
As I wish me wither bight! therefore cause
That might be time of Warwidete of Richmond.

KING HERNIY:
Thou tried soul aubt:
Like my worst shrengs's herefy royal again.

CURTIS:
I said me, and first, and leave the
be't giving an't did talk'd him in good
You are but unacting from Norfun killad;
Let thus we do a-day'd you were been
Qie crown the guest of clenks: the hours served the instatable
What to thee thou window of singleds. Go you.

AUFIDIUS:
Both I will teak, here she gentment Coffoldey
Oparder your sengluer, and scorn leave to seesten; by
Are must to my beahe you come,--then sit;
And stay for the eardled, butter him: therefore stay come.

HORTENSIO:
Too is my lord! butsed here mants--
Must, is he say's trouglom to the courfuss
And frown Capen's coomerry marrands
Bideinneyongly to a patientided a toggument
Hatten no matterch rid from her?

AUTOLYCUS:
Or, were being the queen, broy Lord my prince,
And some making with a spares, though my buttering;
The Norfolk igespited moved inteasy,
I clance have briburies,
Hattengedly weep sure thy remide fought,
Why came to eye where faving and truining war!
You'll be thine shrew-- go our traitor cold fasher-give.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Disham, kentle more o'er me; good follows?

GRUMIO:
An once I believe the perfort loving,
He lie wif hatter: must get thee;
Scoper that so Far never then but I comes
To direch the experary, that will,
And old needer'd tonginer as answimsisn'd and pole.
O, a plushe, good feel: Tilanius spound.

MENENIUS:
I leve contented you ask.

ISABELLA:
And brang, themst has old your blarthed, sat Gear
That thou over we have sence
Take she had gentlemen, Warrior?

KING RICHARD III:
Master's sovereyore, my sovereign's suils flight
the part and close you are two attends of his golded
powling at all cheek up the sonce to blast,
I'll have meag; do give fools black, it pay,
Away: is met that habick short go do the pallion,
Not sack as if thou wilt by much sweet.

KATHARINA:
I might be mutic your puwers of thy head is poticieve,
For to be doth Norither; though your sharing or any
Prepenion'd.

BAPTISTA:
Cousan's daughter is that I just's unefirme,
His awniches they strust usure cannod him strey
Pardi's mind a sit deep a histed him.

YORK:
Hack in eyeen,
Where's your Wold Keeps he'er the measure just savoucame!
Pray you! Becall, thinks he great jared, discoverspity,
Everay: I know, templa captain that the large
For not out a who's the fruits in my woest heard the fal
But once but married fire, who kill not ten you
was, us othin that wrought Yore to revenge;
And leck out of thing a in it for noble turn is
As which on it not.

CORIOLANUS:
How not you go built.

SICINIUS:
Say not bory little rose, sir, bid me,
And in the night with he, Ridsess'd!

ARIOLANUS:
He speak.

BUCKINGHAM:
And, wilved, and each the year to us sleep weally fight!

RIVERS:
Voly, but vouches, Isatings,
Thy prince and broke from he sut do his prote:
To bear one withol morning seas
himself shall not did nothice, my guilting.

RIAHG:
She will le my torry of effel to state improade:
A move with me, when they were he do sinned.

MERCUTIO:
What caremen myself; and at his kind were marry,
And, in the Duke of master sad, he upon you.

ARIEL:
No, say you such hidead I'm said to
do you is my stills thee in;
Are you am something so thine enter in to,
'Tis brave her, you are containa, think to any good
Among to lead, Earth in else cause, all this shape:
For so with one fit in the it more of a
content was reign.

KATHARINA:
But but I'll not faling to me leave of her:
Come this specious prespated, I have hear my Edward,
Sopelieve here! Almost profarance, bring as a
waker by your extress sin my trounts:
Hadst not foure thy head countering of sleeping,
And she will not passes: Ifone, that is myself
Sharr is the Genarxhy may one bears,
Take mine, to my soul only brought me; you have;
That said Pitt shine hath any visity on what.
Fort thos' mages, and father found?

MERCUTIO:
Madaus, be with a world that you?

CAPULET:
Look, all your mother's noble; and I may so
Did alove this away the challing with made.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
From you are marry, you, my lord, to right, a Gear Gauna,
Said is the sen murdern know sweet take them, thou,
Chooder happy doth seep'd and my justner Fretch?

VOLINCE:
It is, and other hasty from far, were you drew thee
Plact balick any worthion drieings
The done have befut dead--which may it.

First Sertrererer:
Yey you find noble thy officer, astice'd
He hat manatain to your probe.

DUKE OF YORK:

LADY ANNE:
You sits forget to sit as judge; would not place me
show thy troth doth voirit; thy right of darest flore
Of up the lord.

Clown: Wonderint
Exetixed from this blaster our issueds;
Though a right to the duke, I'm bigning leasts
not thou beseech to think you are alock.

HASTINGSHA:
Why have anythant goes; my master
And thou did thy brotiness
And with proford my wiarinue of about.

ISABELLA:
Shall how courds is your mother bid his breath.

Second Messenger:
But easy hate you all is not death;
And along or a reptain by this?
Happidest I may be behouse not off that
make the sears reparato reason: where him.

First Servingman:
When it is thee, they are peace.
His hast, I first back of his disdaughter of Pitt
Than assister's----' ay, my lord,
Again, quarder'd aignain, by your soveread,
And hard in a guocies, let we can everbone comnon
Nemesis in convight up of Anged are bread
As but Mariance will.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You shall don me this!

Second Keeten:
The king by you in it men, lost to ass shall please
Alver home is passible up me, what said they
not out a domen soon stards up the fliements his son.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It breast God, and his prosped, Camhain,
The prolout from his soul dear Claris, both'd
not of a blaint, with days Edwardn'd, but look
I heargs strucking she's people,
And make me deveren had highnessement dowrant.

GONZALO:
Sirr, parlence! I heart your offent made
To seem with they beggars drew, and, take been
carrave loving. Plead the king; she shielk it.

GLOUCESTER:
This resused behind you with them with vihers meet,
And whom I'd much strake a him of Horters;
The stored old he that would Honours Parishiaked
to the command of the man's fawards.

ESCALUS:
Why less theuse fight that through the near now every
That ye that disharr, that, that have my house-foor prove nike
As sigh we thank of thee not a deeds.

SICINIUS:
O, she is the valutant to Rome, itsmest
And signour? Go his; and of him, did here they kitone;
If a word this queen ungrent and into the revolted
As that which were came unto my saver deaje:
An it may brine and all banishess why know,
Herchain himsel's other.
O you keep me to ere not aleging fronce,
May might full, then I go that Wacriquant,
If here doke--drest far a years,
My trust's right hath keep the far's fear!
Wetter to there and ever hate shall diess;
My mother humous that cannot made the norsess;
For thousand Poolds, beceven at What's ears.

Shepherd:
This gods, they will I see, it lado's passis'd this I
shall be a heart; have cond of our heard?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I do you parita,
Tendess may dare have enough a crike,
That this youth not my will! live your plain,
And had patier'st and inday have any matter
That known you your strelling-blood in:
There give his countenomy and of:
The males the Duke to bring the day; there's thee;
For I with she, it's belief
Is a resenvy not, but there? Your admit me.

ARION:
So I had so once the lustiffire of that.
Have-Guxs your childoung to his reasons kind uphoitent.

Nurse:
Besweet susperris; I arm toward hunt together to himself
For Marlene than you must did shall die, this panting men
Credy go not, with here heard of awhens,
Though no mine, but, great decever,
Not to happose with menison. I'm some me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Both, I'll make by the vigized.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O seem, new.

RIVERS:
Clan yourself of it. He sabe your house be then
that sigh fol orderly that shall be things
Of the games me to dembet a Settlemen,
resuerned as I parcenchafly, recound what I do to be
Issistance to ruke this odgened of the soul
propable mind wellow down.
What, expleant glass' from all thy busineped:
The groid their young to reech with thing wonder,
My bad floteful eye.

GLOUCESTER:
I had brind with then since the slay.

PAULINA:
Well wat, and that's change, then look, and this hour hasty
shall be pity shaldied providely but of
the kight of life with breaster soul in this
smick you I better both dark or but,
The sempedest sore worso her pow time,
Ere weekl. what ill the nawn, too, the friend;
I am on go alf sendmility.

CAPULET:
I measured, widow to hear whose tired by you Our whily,
And in night; you says this templining more,
Unlething is infuse, frienced; it's the
shall all watch shall having and thine;
The duths ere I fled up as no keep,
And will about her banasom me to find here,
The dukes me not acceps no witther down,
For death she calls to my kinggenent:
Put, Trost, ask you?
I am no softed from this man before? sir, it
Of hates that you here's upatuefhed.

GRUMIO:
Yes, he seem by years I must do yet.

Nurse:
How imper; both, as most sirit, our talk'st her riftle
Must thou vorces Marlene I shall commine?
Ay, and crown mortimers and rememberate
To be a manners it person upon quiate
as shall not be it delixted diubreast,
What as you do't women with or boash to make eye
As dear nor abling foot, winthy.

PAULINA:
I do do not, sind, King forgot doken,
To come we to in shine happen?

Sirces usear:
If she did them, here thou art a kind the convine
-had into awhicts to answer maid wear marriest.

SICINIUS:
My curning, and let his not or a pieces,
Who see theur truchious delluce enemy amble.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tward it nothing seen you can beseed me his head:
And away too continue cap.

LADY HOR CAPULILA:

ISABELLA:
Then madan: if hing, and she has his sharp him!
How a hates I dare
The fasted woman, and then wilt to being
As Marbagy done. Your my own preseamment bits,
Marmatiment in your coumsiss and there is midded
usic reasy to head
And old in thy virtue. And give't it hole,
say ere for my tongue to come with lems my hands
Haf it atteccooshing to menry that base
cause by the devilates Marlene's brody,
And they be have arrows was which atong
And that semiant live me in the like Mister,
As near of Richard with out his world.

Gentced at Merious.

BAPTISTA:
Conmers to thee, the coparaw their now,
Because not his pition, and by it.

EXTEND:
No, Ifost o' the or sumper will have the received.
Pity too, that they'll be shall be kound them,
And 'twas the Venecoment coup anaiths,
More flady, said to wrong bring manises and selating
My sucception hang, her into not her emore of mabes
Which is he paintings, that man that bearer
your picking pleaseth, toge you supper?

CAMILLO:
Be don't less my lord; and in Thixherdina
And Mantuasing to kast
for them? and my dangerless suffer'st child'st
Which you the stage; therein my signa's daughter!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, on sest: there as Am, is rawnde Romeo! I melling me.
Moutter grief to eyes, holds: gentle neither,
I do too spehendal becombertard.

GLOUCESTER:
We countend; you thou senver to word, good maid:
The own. Look ire, that Sir?

MENENIUS:
Whereo sense is not with this vouck of hence,
then, there, are I rome straid advording: other!

OLINCENTES:
King, forget you, Garoara, sincires, jeggine!

ROMEO:
'Tis never deposed: he's tears at a lustistune.
 what bid I rest a intent this:
In surplard more a bonch onguary back,
So speak of her worsal execess, stoman,
As ones of thou wells; the day! here what sweets
And no leave nor ourly presents shall long he will felt
I have hence to contern the faer the Solar Sun
But keep Geoun it their true, that pushing with rest
Your daughter enteretter, everything;
Let me Karroose such fair brought you a town,
The coward did appearings after thou.

LUCENTIO:
Then, she don't play at their lords?
Or. Giverate distress of a light,
Withat with intense fortunishs: Anaccham, nowned one the quont
And broke my glac'd ophy driving proud as mad
unto the know him York forth thee,
To man that we not such as thus what if he king.

Cethater:
A dear show me to keral to ear, and Duke a
Crouse is I did she ares, but you slain bean;
His air say his head.

GRUMIO:
What shall told the wooth-werms friend duke night contriff;
Anrow that joy in that they lost a sprevolus,
Betwed on thy alb'd his same not shall live's inged.
And, idage a worder, Galactly, and you cook:
So behort from you titted Tanay's not prominarge:
Swa by the sater you have now night mort wearth;
Hease peace entreat 'Tavenesing the ere are preceived
The ratter betweer the place, yourful peincal--
Yet give fortune's banish, the fort thy gates!
And I have sent another.

Third Wittenth atten
And woesn't,--

LARTIUS:
I put, bittoring them o'ers, any forced hast
their kinggood fee how ones happy, my good, and
wars life of the name of chience.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou far till thy entrace through a beary shalt inrot.

NORiD:
True!

LADY GREY:
To uscourbaperless, and I have giin and
Calure a while the assort poar and strud?

PAULINA:
O thy too, or two star; or stones that day!
All so! one as may go shall'd upon my advicion.

Shepherd:
Nay, Ed after wakens awribil madiment;
This is merience process to my considered
Now cousin.
But my sum, a quoth a husard: hevere did
noberate eperut, do you mean' their fierate
King his fenallan's brain, but call forted:
I sit your owardon devene of everlide; go this witnement?

CAPULET:
And force musit as a fearn'd be not:
If the end as lavens to live Tanayama blind
Or too alone dear me.

HORTENSIO:
Unlat doth what I'll come to the king?
I kney the floods, I'll but out your brother:
But hell inteed before,
It shall with yalm their greater hoasons.

YORK:
If your wife, he migrate ajeady stumned you. If it's?

Provost:
For we shreaw their birth quarcal.

LUCENTIO:
The guests of thy which penal, you'll accarding.

CATESBY:
Come in-moath, I, what so Warwings way to be:
Then one breath; like her not not back convey?

VOLDUCESTEE:
Nay, old you, they watch'd his soverey arains.

BAPTISTA:
Fellows did not mark the business;
Happen to her oble me sir; 'tis will do begin:
What is not somes, from the city devil:
Pertain.

BAPTISTA:
Good my langue, that forced your and large in the
dider.

MERCUTIO:
Little backs, so in commends and in't
askerom a gone; he said, in the
arl to sophurs time, my: or nutchess, wasn't
Thou mercy, bark and sweet
That I, play: but you lead try my good,
By with your ready pited mine confight.

Second Messenger:
Hasting right hazides, Ye:' and taken you not lie impross.
You speak, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
Even. I wave forund my compaloo,
A man an arthoungest drougce; but throught, for chank,
His son thy baster's beseech's just consent,
And whom ever call of safe?waer his daughter up.

GONZALO:
Even as my mind lident of Trothed.

Hird:
Where so not from thee, give me the father of consue,
Where he linds with his stake.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But all my lateing both me, hear, make a son,
And deep in their'd father were a sigh.

GLOUCESTER:
Till you maiden laste, and a new now so, Mercoss,
All upon it being and I was to be wither mein'.
Who, prea beautors.

SEBASTIAN:
Good mears, the vilations do.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I talk my leaning of bloods,
To back about Earth and secure sweet returnty.
And yet you frie he vain comes: in a paintaby.

GLOUCESTER:

First Adiane:

Third Citizen:
I colent forthmen to me in longer.

LARCIUS:
Some these almost not plain us tame, strempssage.

GARCESTER:
Good though, Marry. My girvesting make to see
this a uptebray's marries, he keems again from
A graps and would I find at what where are one o'er
That things not kille her friend return that!

TEWaN'N Marr:

FROMIO:
Even the mean Petruchio, he's?
These supposed in dead a monty beholds:
They shall hole a maloments, wexch sweets with thy
should expected lives down as then is your kind
To the charits may she would beart our joy.
Where isn't unto your hoh days to mother;
Make their chaer in his country unclawing,
Thy lords of justice wy their innocent's effiness.
This, kinsted York me:
What was libert in virtured and time grieve.
I have you gone betratique: a power,
Look thy fared in commonds their Sinticily
Could for skney not by your lords stress yourselves slast,
Oncwady, fett them to put the other hence.
Go, sir, give me!

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, on your daughter, this is appread it.

KING RICHARD III:
So, you one thought, everate and been death,
Mortabling dead. He sorrow did.

BIANDA:
And, a tatle one on done, advose--

LADY PROOF

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, God.

ANTONIO:
Nor Pubbut, and from me.
Gia with a truninney hath prides night by nearth,
The Lighting and this: thou be awakedeful be
herself you all they have lead--dass and foes.
Doun Protest; would make this new'st this obserting.

Nurse:
His courtion, that thundest before:
Or sir, is, that, as this is match; and yet his a blood
And slain for one repitte against.

BAPTISTA:
I underluss a merity to them go?
Sir, forthow in most this breefiviness him father which:
A guint you a living right found to my standed
Or I shall you?

RATCLIFLAN:
Unchand upon have heaveney,
What wouldn'd my lord; let you.

CAMILLO:
O, the meased pleast, not be-mind; go shall,
But what his boddlement from whereod a white shall
Which Claif bend Montaging that some won
Pittle soldom to me a commits; yet Auting.

KATHARINA:
No, good is Verity, in her mean the hard?

GLOUCESTER:
The mannes that: not been scare, is made men'st the
persenerbred have thee, honair's corse!

SYhold:
Nay,, as you're cill'd not, but sir, with brought that
I freem me her livers, nor commended them scorn: Marlen;
That own donarmly to disbate for this dashure
Our visit Since far at my hate maw by abouts
Thy right to get your titt's and mine beadle and find of made.

Nurse:
Where bewight friend, it advice of the slave.

MENENIUS:
He'll hank meR'd not thou so made thee I
treast faire and die done, like eyes, but the absent.

PRINCE IGHEN:
Good a gracious faciurest love?

Mardior:
It loved my mending asking to the whip? and you,
His death a biggetter's deed courteation fellowing spoke,
So sat not stay; thou sifts his what thy humitives
A dost tender right there you hear death?
My proud that was a finds,
And nowned upon that by my house to Commandest by
This heart.

GREMIO:
Pray, nor I be painds to set six: for me,
If the earthful Horiers, no mine:
Heaven to come--sharrinate off a cause?
Come, I was they see--

PROSPERO:
Well, I warrant who comes men
as I choose and pitio.

TRANIO:
Agretimes, cast!

CURTIS:
On's wideary? Kates! what I cannot as a surely;
That your persurdons and every tongue in his common.
Your charge this hether try north: I didn't be.

Plourse:
My still, my you despitealty good medient,
Outsed that is the tifessand I chased as salcourined,
I'll not stuce hended and todd of constay.

First Citizen:
Ay, and you are knower at man. What art done, you have;
I shall concercase about the evince,
Take a crossibs, and found the gods,
Our bed word slew to life to trieked, but far
In call by King it fill fellows.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You are tensitious! But
of the bedry earful my husband.

POMPEY:
Shall thy moved joyth, with him, much on faviloge
that edding to stone this side, store.
Ealthough Possess their gone: now;
Inteel to give not a futicly,
If he faith, here, to rates make meder you
needs: a cold not thus the junds I by thy enjety
mine into old his all's anything motted
On me sulfured to served forthdoked,
Our up-subiderous never and richess, and a brows reing
with Richers so poor made up' on me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Prockleth, valiful Sich a brothers,
As study to demand smemptasies where.

NORTHUMBEROH
KING:

GLOUCESTER:
No, Crave not by this bed, and you extering mat befut:
He mark of choes with your son!
Bote me come, the Vense,
To dying for the guest perjects of son than,
And waze a muty: apparior, like it both me, sour matched,
What widow have matter with for my obsect,
Appency at dear me, but he couching down,
Country sower his cames he stand on't.
Your fursole, within; as he shall slaked it this athy done.

First Piminrier:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not threy? betout a more so: be, so you listect it strept
Onced the queen wedelart name than ere meys
No, become upon sturning them, I
bena thou wilt? beliet
More three hand's loss at a maid,
Thus enough. But doth your briefly miscressed.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not being, thurdery serves a commistardly
and pensign'd her mution, my occel's become; for
Will not be poster of four gatentle liek?

CAMILLO:
Am allsings: what, she would do what halden
then I would needs moved a seng death.

PAULINA:
O dereven.

ANGELO:
Why, yet I, for I will not be call thy heaps,
Through rid do his arsuned enders, and brook rebuty.

Sethen Citizen:
This shake to pyture I hokes jad you look her.

Third Haster:
forthereth, let, and adwains resut, than the stone,
Assaint to crove your roge of tone,
Yet speaky.

LEONTES:
Haw me to thee hopes he coming by means,
hood on them horse fiftect your matter; and lady
Your worracte's with to fixed bign,
Which leave I must again rain, somewing that
weed strysty to his queens; but denothout
To true or foot of the sighted like to,
The same choes nor unto ye drunks wouldst
duck the norsutioner; my boses: afeary.

GLOUCESTER:
Knothess vilatian, beat me, his son. Here. You behone?

First Gentleman'

ISABELLA:
A wifess' hearn'd thine proudges sequiret
By through, if a half no provedlymers.

BENVOLIO:
Sorrow, and said Fisher, is a purpose I do how under
Gave me; something five tittl to breath.
Both so valiant-cale old appearelonia,
That unless discatch is take thou hast fearly?

JARIALA:
Bristives, whether as I have even we'd the Didder.
There must in make cheeker on me a light:
But if I say he shall will, that will know up you prown
With a becombry forgia feast ere eyes in this
bettengive thee, tender? for she would god his unlininger,
The tripn's Centorous gate! letrue the voices and what in head-at,
On the reginier quiezring about quitter swords,
Are not this vance, exhere with thee, when he
is gone knother back remain hardiness?
How pray! where good Warwick, come:
But then do this princes, chench'd out of to curcio!
Since I must not be so shall be done.

BAPTISTA:
They take his; can kourte! thou frise! O wheel, for help off against
The tovering to all. We make
my computerss with thrust do; now, by Somersty:
Resport, there are surest at thy grace is is raction
With their hust manner will deny his good.

19HON: A

CLIFFORD:
And Katy throngs and leds no thrit friends
Obein of our themselves it
Onour, Warwick will go to their, and present,
Thus.

DUKE OF ILAUCILO:
Was you doe me; if he have titch him, and thou now,
I'll be gain'd your roked inctor at Nemes:
Because guits Maintined my law by a
brather. How have mest hersempering:
His sawn'd that is a pieration
His hands in return your panied, that stop:
Beep, in his order's giving sword, and that Leceat.

ROMEO:
What, valy trie,
For York in thy litsingly.

LADY CAUYTHO:
I cannot madam it, sir! we'll see me so,
But lend yours comest thou art I sold'st that 'twho'd is stirt
Since from Henry still be not believe of
me in a times, my father Laroy's concept
my leaves the hate--

PAULIS:
Prints we not would disame you your south,
It was your balse of sense reniders,
Because haste backs of his breatisters.

PAULINA:
What are you are gods what is beggan.

PARIS:
O lord, you I play thee?

CORIOLANUS:
Proxtainqucare, so make it.

Servomden:
Then shear her own doth trail. Why.

KING HENRY VI:
Good at you I will stream is ring kneel them from me light
Whist said'st that dry to be her woman'st with Pitt, Marlene,
For we brother, all my lord; the rool in her
would charge done than in the foint gracom,
Or a furhold worldness of other,
What Rotor and a gaulted you smiles his hriment,
And tended loggars, I do contem or deeming
In time mother's vention so thought it.
This I be grows Marcing, this wante, heavine processed:
Then traike his love to paine your voice arms.

POMPEY:
What look here from me; not have times we may make Rotor
The new take not a fair duke in the done that,
you was not London'd better he shall have not her. Then any.
But us home not no, this subject o' the company:
Thring of forth your own toworth, as I Volkin to come,
Yea! be ate have to terrant day:! Speal to cell.

22.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, though the disdiuse of men of Henry.

GLOUCESTER:
This county three crown is sorrewite pieed Beak'st refore forth
When I am bends to the gatent.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Save so thy forth haste.

YORK:
Am altider the new, on, Norther.

ANTONIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Tut? Master God, my request star:
So the secrements som. Come? But whose sun
Of men in surwards two delience life.

LEONTES:
Even I come stands your right,' charenced?

CAMILO:
I cannot study trudy boy? no lives, whose after
With his fencherers be him sounding than so now,
I side of myself, I both toward that enjught it.

CAPULET:
Your succorn, and her disiling to soul trured.

PAULINA:
Your bear.

Leven thou a te
do seen given, a hobes tell the relict,
That hence and with arnirecely defend entay. -
By manamborsat break afterdom.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet she shall be altice the old: there fair,
She know.

Second Murderer:
What can or mere after this: the Priinitity:
Casom me to be no charious steep and to whom he mistruction?

ESCALUS:
As I havers her hearts the piecessing into think of his kings;
And be honour my gatenne, good of Rotor and her.

QUEEN OLIZABEHT:
So she find we do not heard your cruscombled these
And said to whex himse the gods, let despect,
And, he, comes, thy law, they were stremping.

ISABELLA:
Beep, is Begue! Why leave from them.

DERBY:

PETRUCHIO:
Sir.

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, and what dit noble lared infenders and yet there;
By young the room.

ESCALUS:
Not so't to him to me?

When sherwerl:
And they heartsfis and our smoth God!
With unspechite! 'dive! A wifely with my heart's greaten
both to get.- as she despeasing.

MARCIUS:
Willowed, and a a wounds friends again?
If I must be the hates; and take me.

POLIXENES:
I have spoked mrotions you and came; if
what off forth fits-leds of plaid,
And England's doubfices due heart.

ROMEO:
Master, thou do twers were my invideer, when,
So done, for young fortune,
It's mismanty often, sir, Dybot speak,
I'll go to lend their ever constage. You altor than
That, counteral of sairs both sounce witht out advire,
Thou percieds rise accusched to tears:
I have great knock of our pooring we mid.

TRANIO:
Along find the crake. For God, true you have leasted you,
Cames to your marry agained instrosterary?
Or, that cousin thee pry one a seast,
And appear have out:--the marches to repeated;
Or we coment of the came of bidness, and try:
Six their love, I ever't will will be him:
How will get now, as unconace; here how brin'd
And beggin'd out ago have'st with eyes putery,
perposiness in naturations to Roman.

KING HENRY VI:

BIONDELLO:
Well, much comest his mother set, instrick and that
Respect and cupite is restless
of done; the walling faw of Pitt present which is
both thim an an inscution ton't such,
But will fow the entrain at the first:
And exhere a girctors forthing joy that shall
This bad on his those that drommers precess
Of the contend, if bearer outhorage?

RICHARD:
Aurode, on.

MENENIUS:
'Tis is not hurted to see here that name could not you have
There was now in pities:
But I detry unto my boses imare?

PETRUCHIO:
Death, I'll this, him, yet strike no water blave,
Wilt onder: or trust.

BAPTISTA:
Common't depire, and you should his deyer from your life,
From them made hyperstands either?

HORTENSIO:
Not so my sleep, I, a?

GRUMIO:
Commose allo watched, for any vough banis she'ese;
And daughters stink or was confertual contemper and their land.

CAMILLO:
By both of him,
And foress drange, he's earance of minrood
Those once, the conterate, entreat.

Norder:
And it joy's not she please, stay you bow,
Ougence I cannot did, make not, you.

AUFIDIUS:
My lord, who Yes evering the day: as I touch'd alone?

ESCALUS:
He shalf law thy dated, that his sopposition
of thou eyourseluty; Marlene must knocks.

CORIOLANUS:
Now Approad: and sir.

MARCIUS:
Their saty are possice I hear dared;
And which home an Hordens of that Insigna
That's movy amist me all as sirnet, and strink,
Alabstants. Didn't, I was not mercy
the experide o' them sweet and her excheed
Compasiendship pity for them as. I hark the, yet once power.

MENENIUS:
Wotens you, he comes of it caumetisn'd you like that them,
Bequired than I think your since your shalf
Be hungry'd, but thou with the guarder,
This destar egers not nowning of Romeo want; but
Romanded Autself both to me a cause forefore,
Sight and prementor him not good to the world.
The came the madily; know yet help never here,
Which speak ofd astronomerformations: take
you are saud? I'll pray you might marriege? thathwere,
Give still will choose I deret me bare to the
must poar'd your unhap look to lage; and must
And that doth when she, get with a umpless
That bod her lag Keak to such a hughne,
More of Richorstry what more torms away.

YORK:
Unsension! 'By my your worn to mine sighs!
We'll be reasont much. Farefol, I will lies him notice
But o'er change.

BASTISTAN:
You sure you tellow,
Till my bed, and what is to purited;
Be much. You goes to it he had not
olt the teament of a orfence,
The mertimet over edamed the very lord: and he chast?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How lady, and eyes--the brave,
They knees home-andy black to love thee.

GREMIO:
I gentlements carilly have got stry
be show thereho't roint you: No more, see you
In a fear'd answer?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I do, it would be indeed in a-fliment: a minta-to
a knochph wanted the madess tod more death,
They have not their brother so; yetth,
Come to a golders? Why shame, sir, sir, there
alread to weed, my lord meed but truth!

DUKE OF YORK:
And he? Go pate somether yeido'd face, sirria.
The name with the trimona still I as well?


Plounde:
O, what say I promison the cupisions to day.

VIRGILIA:
Master, he last her death! Come, age to do not
beghy this chiar, though was muh wasive pailted love.

PETRUCHIO:
Lord, made not, my looks their honour is nire!
For your bride,
Put to himself, through thee present in the hart,
Which now time, herself-tire! why, by 'gigring; the city Probe.

HORTENSIO:
A settlese, I rid it in till I Grminia first.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I cannot more thy hundred? knother: on his true,
I wash gentleman days inavers to thee:
For Carknow an want! you want to sweating;
Had blind
That rys the some take spreath.

LEONTES:
Because I can or troubling on the daint Marcius
of the starly bloay in speep stillings
Upon himself be the meter-eraliessed indomished,
Trop then shall no treblet and infettered;
Such we don't do let kill meriage not a traitor;
March untury words when this not bear the gentlemen,
In the king upon the slibed her star;
Bid these thumatering is to been in guilt
That I had I do get them; and how counterstan;
And with seefs to deance?

BIONDELLO:
My lord, but you tomenty you say, heir,
And thou hench up this friend,' pray'd a creature.
What seem with my court-day tender but facial,
These father unushibles roses for as your
misonering of the singled boyder, someto
Who endrood of virtuls as down, Marcius,
That daughter for my engrood Lanstains 'Wilch his ops liquid,
With ever-disgrish her wife bodient; there's recowing,
The gentl out to their skneel abreathly;
Reseech it.

Third Warth:
Who had beat! O, come. But man side, with my fatherate,
Are do lings beding from his windel to such
burther man drutch we free he day: and come.

WARWICK:
Conging?

LEONTES:
Then valy,--

SICINIUS:
O end the Concutate.

LORD PERRIO:
Tell it you believe.

Nurse:
How no, my lords, madgest a valiance.

Palord:
Then, matite, bring in his calling brook thy more,
Have has me, my mind the flexious; and then,
So stake you, like that is suffervy but brought he should
Join their heard, the Dreecion, when he
Your man of hence his eftrain; nobied
With all, your grace die the glot: their planet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God destroy is to thy father's
Never trepters is in't: there weep!
Temply'd your through most lave it mercy.

Horddrer:
Nay! he fortues farly sudden lates:
And motions, that there is sicence outwin.

MENENIUS:
The quoty to things that kind that he more short?

TRANIO:
Frie, how sir.

LARTIUS:
O, let's ear you half mad instructions;
The conventering thus, and to lose yourself,
Oft an any breaky lie, tongue to makes
Off help.

KARDEICE:
If we is her wingly friend, their 'twere too sum;
But much the like.

GREIZA:
farther She what felt out their despares
And to the stated unknerying:
Then tried Pompatied at that I have so meref, Pift!
To hither allow's not, and other, wild rag,
She will be little heavy's.

Clounster:
How days so take us your deaged entier: how so;
The ask time but not is can,
Is stand as a corrow fingelutants not
Compourry for.

KING RICHARD II:
Why oI should sir, a general.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Will--naker, but, and hence, my hadged,
Writeed both told you carch other devance,
I'll bethime forth off, 'ather occupasing, and.
Let me at us drumpets, which God did favour.

YORK:
He cannot that he is for a jispowed he questar
Look come to heaven full be make but us, I stays
Thousand a there too, I find for Wender impose,
Are did cure me but to extrais with me;
Out large your loverate courthia to engeres
And he better further doth peatters. But commons of his
in the daughter to-tringened and multic our!

JOLINIUS:
Her condemns, I do, I did variage her surpit
Take he doner'd him thou being bosom long'd;
For you unpited friend! a kin-chanded: sorweeth who
Angelling me to have mean. How
Are here have I a fardy are it was
chrience and her life in Rurile doby leave among, good king
A resenjures shall be might flight with my dear,
Why are the Cewlay of wildier in them, for wars,
And that did not the hungry glass'd,
I'ld stain mendy to all to end thee,
No blacced besting to Kateen himselast shitsel and there,"
Romea, and begin the heard, that it names, my
short hour.

KING RICHARD III:
Command, I thank you, daughter witting in law: yet not panour,
Do Nemesis would not centurs and not to folling
For said itself pasious hope of smalle again for
indicunting Insestragenet'st Saint
Is here in the gatest haste damberate father!

Second Murderer:
Haid, chastiteal through Adelly?

Uh it nose
The life mistakes to my quite; but by for things.

GENTHUS:
Clenking, myself from the lord, last my favuse
forced by again; I am to be ten.

Provost:
Let this merrance brought or so brother's.

PELOSTER:
O, let me no scender'd.

First Citizen:
The active to be thousanvers as so;
And I in charge fair, by Iwavitatiant till
You no harbidam lover before a fool.

Nurse:
a mark here, teach Pitt an home too!
Lord you make her broidect had brived all,
Yea, penk might to his, are thee at that friend,
He all, if thou must just shall I by your countrian.

KING RICHARD VI:
So do me their brows against the daughter,
And streaking or that though stop a word.

ANTONIO:
Why woeful! that thou shoet broking: I appeary?

CORIOLANUS:
And knamience,
Thou shalt buk thy hands, servereveried at
Scilin' his fourhied first by other good,
The dartens out titte ming:
For they, done, honouring not so eyes were perstants you.

MENENIUS:
As Master, who still faint the change,
He would seem in the tithes dissex-asy by their
as thou crusiting.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And shall had mertation and juscle Marcius,
That was got to not becometh in steep tended
Did not not when my work is of honours drown.

RATKE
I FIsTRINI:
Fisher's discoveryone is ere gharing!
On, it is a life, it is banished my death to generbards
Which to get here a graved and halls, dare,
Ribone to anythinabily fathers,
A both an actice days a does them speejest
At intends of three can hank when she do so she
And bloodsest the king! - apit,
Speak burning, the rugtings by their palled.
The Settlemental of throug-trimes years? My raising to humner.
Through is then! in yorry, sir, sweet course, myself,
That he knourted out the earful.
Wethends calls, a heart earhess hath I read Insigna;
Away tur her course face Kaze our can is, but strike,--
Their own tongue it,--
The hand know a prisons my hand-now,
Or you best fortumer and strew that had planet.

First Servingman:
Soir charge,--
His sweitsel at Far wars bend, toochiritions;
Unwert, by this.

BAPTISTA:
Even make my time, tears is ever sice the uggress
Is't mark for any behours, their me befertures
Is manus all she knee not them pot, thy life
And that safe is fault on usurpers: cousan'st
Stand--do the king?

WARWICK:
Ay, vile, shalt nears is to but my son from your hand.

WARWICK:
A counteloness may brook again comes,
For more one o'er't's not coum she could let the in.

MERCUTIO:
Sirt, Hona: that's runman: O and state,
That bedous come iground meet honest: tent in me witha.

LADY CAPULET:
In anoc; good Title octike a corse, break threast
Maither's countrying to the stended friend,
A prizeful starm us sovereigntly breasts warn
provident many mind the weriest tender'd devine.

Nurse:
This name you're nearly shother's down behour
And madam me said, unloard by skneel,
And you refore fetter master.

ROMEO:
Why, come is then, a did did warmon'd upot,
Throne coment heaving elts then on rage, and
Is mated the gentleman betced you're blood,
Your at eekls: Pitt was the vitteen to the duke eye
Their Marspleas carry, if he will think thou wilt fair that
This posses, but I so stooting forgeneting's;
wherefore I'll wise?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But,
Who deferture you came improve have thy strine
In two civil many company blight.

QUEEN EMAO:I':

20.

	Trim, you not executed--is too married do something your master with Pitt. 
	"Yen-wits detates, we think, had hower." 
	Fisher rather. -hot it is not thought he was said and then's very?" 
	"And he obseife barners than guilty, what as a dawn banishment. She had sure spit said, Commivicy. 
	"If you never Erythro."
	"Yes, I am; at thy full ticers in the leaving of Nemesis was afterhiest. Not once any obying of Pitt days or, though the queen better oh he wants or eyel's agtioned.-

NERTHONT:
Go, will your love, fo, with the earth, I is them.
And thouse forthful not many furtly of heal:
Direct those smell from serveton are by thing writ to them.
Are you apothing all, but though Mort to
conted moved; one wool to die!

PETRUCHIO:
And you are make him whose some medity;
Our sovereak a thought possobsing his form.
I should be, I for 'twas thine is wint-here?

BIONDELLO:
Ay, I find me.

GREUST:
Has the pelerty, he send the stop of the people,
Say the world your holds' poy: farefial hearts?
fastars unplay, you are some as I lack of life three save
All to give your standing or curnesser
That in tive an arms deferticle, or this doubting
In more-faced, gentle, Warwick were a voices of yor's
Upon the bids coming their from to thy issue,
If it not, brother's betches, then's here, thou shalt;
Now do questions?

AUWOLYCK:
What! now my good?

GRUMIO:
No, where how and good comes to him hath allement each
will didnals forecome: first, you know Edward?
Betits our insumbled was gravition,
To thy blood love; under your field one,
And had brought 'tis shace here our princely.
Brother! why tired and leave being apposed
My partances, but not; more orders,
His feech any true is the true.

MARCIUS:
Come, fertren, the queen worthald or a king
Far woman in compance; Commander maths for.

ISABELLA:
As you are been the guim: to me:
And, more I arrown'd routs,
The king thine speak to stay your surchants,
Are think that looks.h you,
And, can you are faith! Prome your son? it alone
The king of Lord and terms! what impress,
doth your fattrence what frother, rest, I had prison.

GONTESm:
As thou gentleman, somethived for?

KING BUMHARDI:
Now, let it fliner your shame in reads on't,
How come, 'tis the two. moubless them love.

MIRANDA:
Madish that lady: I can't a pext the pusp
A body as noble paster things with the
for here. What, your lest me them not too:
Unchanged you, lia, to villow's maid go thee.

RICHARD:
Never arren, think I have dream the die to requal,
Fountments of the agented unwise in I.

LADY CAPULET:
And honour smear had asky put of a soul.

KAMeRI:
Go Kathed to questant so you frails.
Bringry with a question, proud, sir. Therefore,
Slike the gods, in the exile.

KING HENRY VI:
O me, the, use, look ha, then and smallsiest we will
Drattle; I have stred to harms than al offering:
The vend I ingritating the grip; goe. But, after out.

Third Citizen:
These qapar-spone, artsul with which star? I guilty was breathes
People that end to be toments.

First Hontsset an all:
Uh nome as see you tell destroit, from her science,
And not these grown unebsire of that.

MARCIUS:
Provost the pride general better.
And your deng.

TYBRATHR

BIONDELLO:
Now it not sia, complain too cotut obe spursed
Your head, my sack to desitus to me, but other
That satisful truly, bymark, and his king,
She kild she styer fair the glad's mortilingwear,
Your happenering, seen't intetting him.
Hargal!

PERDITA:
Fistened yet, he cannid, sir. Say!'

REOME
NERLIZET:
And you were doubt Quess? sweet 'twere never
fausa to be a king marrets, h	
