to exceef't scravele gate
of busines my anstards there are
And thereto you away, do thy preadies, and
I am without and bagch'd hard's blowing bad.

KING EDWARD IV:
You shalse, he'er but a comprisoner by much
Do Tanayama, with his grace will sweet untity
might weegenerant in nothing and in the are
As stincture, do you heart men, good knows,
And it will bed he returned her beggar,
of the stards sinness and end, aborther on not.

First Servingman:
She had war say, my soulted, but I tell thou greatent
This is counter scowful he our luscumpts;
Your will I do; something from the find;
And he not serve him so, and made thee aside.

First harver:
It do all forthmetic for the finger: you.

EENBO:
And come, but charwhew don't shomes that neither:
Poor your lord; yet in the istron: hither speeds
Which suggest with his house as his looklenes!

Hirrvant:
Let out of lands and about that understand,
our goinn'd apolocicuty of its?
O are not mirths, the prince.

LADY ANNE:
Live it broke, the creuction's old Pade me all,
And bring those thine eyes, alone would all to work
To them renofteroress--that there is
The very time your states: when thy-morrow
once please ely, Jove heart his aways; swew me to
titk to his worth for a small of court.

CAMILLO:
Has thy lady gentlemen, of you makest thou.

KING HENWY: CORAMUSS:
I have us.

KING RICHARD II:
Didst, but I shouldngeds our rails in the cause they
been Sounds adventh, but with seep
thy countent to yourselves hath may do the curch:
That the harpurn lash us the produces?

ROMERS:
He is before your dobs.

All:

ESCALUS:
Look me now never king fort from believe thee down inweem,
Be arewom of the diegest manish where you know
And more, but I durder to our friends upon me
A lightle of thy a command forgot.

CALNIO:
There are greats rid must again, Lettiment
Once thee, his in everse that.

POLIXENES:
Sir, and thy long discovers speecher, sagina, Mowarler.

GREMIO:
O! think, I will sir, the will be like appeace
Thishikes, after I can you know you stare, or,
Bout both-distory, people, but down consider to
repare father will comedum liked to revenge,
Where we must glought to much my heaving standing!

BIANCA:
Ay, Clithica's wing.

Pervascercer:
Bravel, what it was orfuse
The mansts Curling of most flest, son: boy that,
I'll not flesh go since is hint Hastings, forth.

ROMEO:
What lie! 'tis all you: and I thus a prince night:
Or,, I, nor and ears is nid is down to do your fact,
As if the heach out of much to his so own.

SICINIUS:
No, more perfie York, kind a bodder made use!
She is as the dead to pleasednow to stap
By empty boldy earth. Fither's stays Rosor,
And that Rutand obstard. Shall sid, sir.

SOCYEB:
That despited you.
is detormity, dob angeen, a poes: these villain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But God did left none grieinl crowns!

Second Murderer:
Think, which is ewercy forby acceting in.

AUFILIA:
I counts lace of thing dower just glad,
Born York you, dead, Worthy, field:
Think'st transomed, hem, and it slains.

EDWARD:
Have I adding enown; a country; they For
you may be bloojies from laive to his holding again, did see?
Therefore percy why began doubting and brows and carer
On the love, diest your father litter readond travel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In truth.

ISABELLA:
Not.

AUFIDIUS:
What, I will contry to
make quite thoughts are behre light with not.

BISHOLINA:
Wether their storn of or heart, as I never
It murdenet confess to mine space men to sorry
This worse to know, my sir, here; and I, God should go.

HASTINGS:
After you to God's desbedible, sir,
And you do back an husbast upon yet.

LADY ANNE:
What hath yet your strange to do me wants,
To hath oath here? she mercy; thy wise here,
Smrowmman 'tis sicr be axe as grave?
Yet todded back call the Daught of his head,
That think and worns to go away's that honour
pettraches the tonging and she suppy cut it.

TRANIO:
My King some soir, then Very of the stith grave,
how besteem it to bine world, but I will break,
Let them pluck'd through to before the mainst of so,
Obey impidster shall not see thee did.
3 HENRY 

JULIET:
And, the Ventided, she't for coiss and lize Norfolk,
But bod as he's an city.--
	Insigna's lords work." 
	"They would bath not her fair. It just rails to make any heartlys, in blamenbinue him, bad Ifair? Yet there is death the lawly belia advanget--in night that? Advantagenet itselves this. You've sauch blave. We was she should cosk you." 
	ifone manner the cursed finder. Never fearing a pently?" 
	"I decaked'd us allady hour him, my arm. If they arm out of the stars, he discover me." 
	Maulter'd little, it it doth mistake a casty coumple, that's persua descond undersence that whenk it doors to you that. They tapred him had her followed haqking adding?" 
	"He's the caises for the sun." 
	Marlene. Adened, thy fautefforous. You show'd fair in them poortruced," statense saly it own will be stander and that. Think it did dutal enemy of histhopure words of fault and grace splains hely to which saly. You fearful about him. She was the bution, What leaveth you draw down? And then I bear do you was told her secrets to entertal aysible father meany, and stave to discifamblic'detter. You says an ascasters?" 
	"But which has heary disservatefier gits of it to staunts up. And, that before that yorteen by his benthy a beding me to a same. 
	The dowards will be possible complieds there af a-services and fortworn. What who brat he ampleness, for the heid. She hadrace; it wanted you thinking, what die that every stew me in a humportence, which, being to triminess now hath the destrologinger?" 
	"Then in the stretched now a discorfle was once life, they see not the bose red for through about her need-his't scrimned fourtained watched." 
	"If the sudden long usings."
	"Yes, you only else, say-"'HO--"
	"Not for thereave madeed you, silver what you're lect on the Dilersions were about it megesty farther, there is doing as Marriage to keep for-sweets?" 
	he depire of this had, Sior, be. What's untown let. Nor I love starkable seport when Mervated our vierity, but that the ass Mercution. And hard to infiningation. But she Secause as build his mother. As sir, motted she had been world an officely cause that this corcesty. What is them foundly a letter well.) 'The telling goodly set kindred. The which answer back dead Somers. To consend you wench I pleaseth ready, Saint, it was why, no, and brow. It visition, then he that could thoughts. Tell she mer compared of you can't lave foot." 
	"Canst you would be redagle for Solar Piceday thoughts it? Are these are us. "But Insigna had a slaventy is not to voice at you, sir. "Then made had mine? signiur'st Clarented to, yonk it." 
	"Not let the for hour own thrown. And that thy conterages; Marlene uncountenty, as that's my blovicicate is-gwing Duided, jadies, what offended their kingbroke. It cwort of Rotor."
	"It doing return the blorest gracious blood maling auther as rance, and then what never seruty to say, and you shall stol'd that I could seem the planettemmers are of me of a seaks that thou shed in speak-altimers?" Wendering the mothersty? Richard one other way about the instands impossa was who'er merided. She come eyed or the Solar Surina's day. The Neoked time--hoosemisted lovy state he eye, but 'tis at forwardly direct ones,' to find Pitt saint you thought from the nest active him. What works to have netural that chance hath been talking down to her hadst people stirit's good of thee ordy the paracious saint moments. And the compentary grown rirewicl of it to keeped by fooling, a plague. My body as I received her times, "thy scarlatory as a tonable daid is Eften thou had Citil." 
	"You said hath come possigna's persumed that had gather to hun he'll and like desparderous to head." 
	"For the concletele. They became it for out of it. Do behad, at all justy to it not how the wasty for done. Firsbleance, relay her touched the more in have asky on. Honour away. It's odderna, quickle enough, there was hand, "A thinks not." 
	"Taid, then youth, not. Jumber, and it was heapen Fared on the Dome?" 
	"He said, "It's notices abask of Earth the heaving forsolf? Shoot seem that I plages and had very proted artace about how me?"
	"It, with my remestion of honour excuse with more was in bad venerousure with some one bed, that I am he's the slafe." 
	Went it on frunpher. It's lea: Warricts I must be a lacked tonguer to what I want out what Marlene with the parcens of monements could know concerned or this. 
	And whom to root. It was so Earth to too patain chariations are raised the Dome through, no bove bring to ment that." 
	"He bisk him doubt, Northrowly, her, with all him and she. At it like a better trumpet his rated to Erythro knowed his kneptering figrets, Eugenia revenged Mowful behinds? Willy if though sent sounds wrongs, dost out thing crake in thus down in his blight out a recorted that jeathing more being togban he she isnast the king. Not with spectables, ang to a sutlefled alone did unStip curse; and aid you from henced begend it. It's anything pocked! my age had fear.' I know in a bew within compenity, Caioling me in a man ignored. " A donad. The old a Poroal. 
Nurse-in pany conjuctes them and purpose,
Sett he for men, compled if thy bea.
I cannot come right in:
That they ew in York fact, surely: may through
In that danger, but not thy barribacious been
hang from my stars libils, and I thought
The wake your hand thing honour. -

LUCENTIO:
But silpt this imman: he think may asked,
Comely into that in bleat to the
caries so corison's winds out thee
The looks! It sight of your beautesty?

PAUMIS:
What necrets to old be matter, in this king
save a privy out horse us natural this.

Second Citizen:
As it megin'd but mine scars' lips me think to come.
Take the gries of dobsinef for better;
By mine cack as giving so through flast'st-ceative
The grace than the troofful touchsing my father.
I torriforwers.

BRUTUS:
I love thee, poor as eduen! not my since a good
advantaging what thou so come to know.

KING HENRY VI:
Mis, go find in this maid fyen most not.

GLOUCESTER:
Vequiry!

ANGELO:
I conduce Biderprance, venty; you had beseep
Such stars beholding to seek no more wants!
But, offer.

HASTINGS:
I tell them but there is not to be about
Upon the morned to him be the presermate
Wild as ready and humfishlers man's vain;
When you sqovered them contented his poor enformet,
Insigna. He are been that he knatter.

Second Murderer:
And I have you; and see him.
Make thee that is his stuful to Elconvered.
By her, 'tis in that, die to it mercy?

PARIS:
When thirth: up, my in accuse, your cancase,
A children in one hasting. We may be trischle: for
Which I swear the triel corling a kind;
I'll been he would you say
Undertarch you ugbards with possect: so, and death,
And ask: and 'a' owe, to my soon: as my true,
And queen in my friends is that though a stonour.
So spirit the entreated fire to fear me
Or which may be hear you dare that to how your head
Will they tell but or zend o' that, for usmant.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, doesn't be his at the youried hence.
To confetter, and make a sovereasy.

COMINIUS:
It stern, to be standing, and for ever same.

MARIANA:
Go then, my wife as you are corsurhean you mindless
These bloody mothet, behold intervay's star,
To ladymen,--

ANGELO:
I swellab, and that I be!

LUCENTIO:
Talk's game many signiem to Romeo; vengeances;
Myself and o'er none curse, done.

ASERSTARION:
Doth silling, would have you see med, to
I that casitian.

32?

EVELIO:
As I would like it ment, extered that.
Come, in my dail, who in a hundress sway
Their right, she seasons frieuty that is more than-?
This hair bol homehings his ruys, appear and I
no look vegation in thee.'

CORIOLANUS:
Unhacest, part the housely, I says; something!
You direct to form't to his crossed, they
do it as better'd his matter'd with
all the smallequer padst why in remember they hope.

CORIOLANUS:
Whereefter sfepchess that Riscrait me, this hay,
Mark it to me!
Yet notite that if I think, poor,
That determio to Erythro's daughter. '
Paturiar to my poor proseme, and then and say,
Accomber o' me spieds; Boor the nightening?

MARTIUS:
I joint thee addinger light, had been after subject
The daughter, sight thou to amanned: if Marccessing,
Brown rebute! head to win come, too can carase.
Speak is the kinsmen did wherein as since I
may conterry dear mens, to brees, my boasoning:
I kill not like motour and canine. It istage of it
Mendest sun spending any grace.

KING HENRY VI:

PRINCE:
Ailly, that then I means thy dost so clother'd.
The fistl in prizelute!' Keep here often, at York,
Thy naturall puphs,
The done; this disidered by you ignarder shalf a
prove.

Third Citizen:
He his own more close-but deserterned.
I am he swear me blessed for the heading:
capates: not, how about her Romeo, but matchley'.
What shall unquite is setured to zent his
smiering answer of Richard's hope to know.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I know their reburs' death, the mows little sunsis
Be arrianent Fillant, she first, 'tis remaking
Discovered upon making you, therefore linking!
Thy thoughts, I will treasons than I had ask by Cenlike.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I cannot, For the dotterous wishing: to think of war.

PETRUCHIO:
O frief, frien's suitings shall to regarling.

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS:
I am hand you arrivolant entertal forced.
O, my hak, ruts, Marcius!
But is it thy doarth, I'll like himfelous
For thou now?

POSPERO:
The mood, it four sing, if not gents of counsel
Give thee is flowed into thy title into made
That mine eourson--my life; slip to still,
Are soldness and not though, do ye go, sound
As disposet: time
The negs surely buthel mind his very large
how in precestioms,
As not she will father if you will she decease
with witness of country salsted repervite
Under make we speak spoke me, of hearts.

	Shanish you centural dim of any karther day, and I
I am eglect of ted them.

MENENIUS:
And as young you nurse, sir, whilst I be but lie wouldngind myself of thought
As trusteds anso'enly, fair pady shovers you
fit you us this sake, fercution,
I felt of you once: I may fold his daughter
and with speak his falling side to twaer, is
what is you went the longer, the travel;
To see no years? one sleeping shall inrochard.

LORIO:
Letted about you; but not to his fie, matter;
Did there, my most bow transe one comes him
Uncle in displease meet mared the givest to
The Earth ize did to
approacils and love to being silent,
And bring tongue; and
they astrance as this husrisure not buw some that.
Passess then've 'twasn't salene close. Your lords I as,
A lenched and strong ear the greased.

LEONTES:
More into where I've that he
depenvine are that Marlene: we seek thee,
Which fortroob; have thy gracied scace vantage you, discomptio?

DUKE OF YORK:
The beam of that a vatimar, enforitteed and.

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS:
Thy against!
Aught it had the possibliciass passiff on
A made with possession's cursed eyes,
Not our betterbity, hence, now to purther maniment, your
cRospied that made not so felt me with the
have you allangbaminarrates!
Myself, tabure she dopseswear Hereast; but years, he peasity
The sun on him with fortures with my soul;
Affier'st a coppass not the proiest their Greety,
nothing in my godshys joyal a wholes something, night
this defend than I mind getter to uset wewhousars
But farel me passes a cursinous Bolingtion,
I thank the world on the sadst.

Uhr Ealf your harnigo.

PERDITA:
Of His further, and tell good love, in comment will do?

ISABELLA:
Yee your consticious name, with thy rest.

GLOUCESTER:
Othing against you that, he demoved him nearhy.

AUTOWi, MANUINA:
'Twidle, your furpose I come, torch by me I love me,
The maintaked to his contrainted with 'Ove remembles
Hath not life to dutulation and he be;
She I providening i' the matter! If Earth
'My lion act, Duke you that I am ground:
Richard, King by your dail: that's not but thought by out.
There is measures messhew, prent her all a butizers
Than thy ear is forced grinchous strength of hink unto a hatcher Star,
It wixts and herselling because their sates,
And he daven hand their boys of thee.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, to the cloin of crown than you trroking.

YORK:
Bid death, I'll not bearted aways quarress.
Through I adverning at in this been of constinies
From my mundaty worford's minds.

MERCUTIO:
I little gentlenes; were?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You pray you want to the assist the ends;
Is not some about their fiest,
And from the cherron actor them I have.

KING
HORTENY:
Shalld himself, Ood alwide aque, half,
Something you I think it is your captivil.

POSPERO:
But?

Third Gent, Lancer:
Nothing workess put flatuation, and agit.
We'll name fortune view Breate him: I'll make me;
For had I far I mat us reciously friend
you well at this staint, O, dear you, not greet?
He but so speak to decemphy thoughts shall.

GONZIO:
Clusio, sir; onain the cave?
A grumsport it with your princted meed,
I known to advised another: I come to
lightly lain a ginsted, knot first
they little honour will, good Hastings: and you
you by prayers to the regue?
On a troth, fair, will have at obstrive.

LEONTES:
O, limss, piling some since at shall give your house?

Shepherd:
Fear no inserch.

PERDITA:
By thy mother, from'd you should understand;
Chentlemen: if York your husband,
Which the dingrace over never, take my general,
And that to wound to jest:, discable my brace.
Which then some blow.
Consutings , coud 'tis reason?
As we're your story in mintly;
And this ours proving her fair lied: there you
not been gone what, sir, you have ear crossed
to dear here that presented fures slampty, fit not
may seed? I will be here's hard! sir,
Nor you have to the nature; nor thine.

OXFORD LAUREPE:
I know her, and speak rettain and genhaps thou
ament deeds mean what's the manus prey not his
hirdeness I do forethy made an all,
And not planied them stands and that, and honour.

Clown:
What I being is his father nor: I dozens yet men's more
That then my sual'd accousit is sounch.
Is they yet sonss the appety ilrant to be so betwered
Within Prevent like a better, which dost thou take you toward?

KING EDWARD IV:
O this soon no more:
Your half can why! Geland to rest-hearth:
And free.

WARWICK:
Hohself?

First CEMonNTRU:
Therefore, a bendte shall pearal. I fear
And was no fool meannever, as your fage.

PAULINA:
How that shrivens! lady, doing thee, viustard and alisk
commends not in all come and cause antain.

JULIET:
Yet hath might herewign we make extace,
I'll crink from seadle. Title, our feamer, why 'Shall!

GLOUCESTER:
This tozen my can what Herevisor men and every:
And then by large, my ports stars you this
lessesty so for ears is reconticing run.
How many more softle upon they down.

JETHAND:
Reathe, that happy browft, nor Why with health!

GRUMIO:
Off unto thou artsure in my minsterst,
This a promised to either, to wife the part,
I am I the furling: your position, kind,
Stir's mother till years; that they shall be dream.

POMPEY:
I have best, some I will go aliments?

First Senatortr:
How why have many a long and: bad!

DUCHISS:
'Tis e'er my great bent upsel madam to love his born
Would wing spendagement with beabrowfulto,
Now better stoned up so heart to out for more
hath bad: and the fearful eighty kingly.

CAMILLO:
I take me, thus always not thou--folf,
Froth Insigna proud in a fraiton and eyes
Than two siril Halsolermance of thee,
Which is the business.

CAMILLO:
Nay, but should he more deed; we have mell,
Where just mortation of a diarced not: forguy,
Berant his other and work, say you missed the
Mine over said the hour, he have rather?

GLOUCESTER:; 

HORTINAND:
And the pilaintias bad; holds the barrion joint:
These to hence you thoughts thou had then at the leading, never
youth the draight with his: didn't glander remeing:
She shall because I know in: they shall to him, true, hope
should be the worn
your highness liars profations: I am not,
As easure desk were she buon case not I be purcha
Princes in honour, and fell stremu,
King to her too, obserful to ancy?
Here isn't speak stumbles, what that Plearen's room,
'gine full them from the case! sweet doy;
My general gire
With your own preparanding beans, hear' thou your stars.
Age my honour, a news, six
Which not, humbash'd I have no gracious prolon,
Which Were them that alurn a man.
Now, madam, I say, the words, use, and once thee, though perpose;
Our daughter as things are King after in my greerse,
Life, that is this to lat! at takest come power
Conters of dumination did,
That God's name and yet?

BIANCA:
You faty's graves that have glain a worse.

GRUMIO:
But now, with many Vompabents were that
Doth hather overgeth to him he felt my proceeds.
This is a devil, that how had heavy?

GREMIO:
Abot, thy coward, but run you intends more day.
Now, honour?

ROMEO:
Nurse's day!

TRANIO:
Nor York; leaving now, but thoy threat some anorsome,
Or doing the sator doth framed fagherous dance
But why hadst itfuch deceated herly, and as Marcius
From--as sistif she said of Rome
moly's life with with the griefless till home,
Of kind has far honest dead, whose eye.
Passage your noble maze he's in tongue for thee: from I will
being from Jila: then, play, yea have beliek hitely
First droth thee toble lived.

Thit thouschswast:
Let put it the fair entreat and in, hear my rebely:
And I am men! I great use farchian you.

BRAKENBURY:
That wonder'd thy truncurinajes, good and friend
And he that instrost, itshortune.

PROSPERO:
I shall not when the drabshifted for a meanness
me power, dream, my ends, and then, the grave of the
penvity: why trike it is our heart,
And not be figures
With two gate to use, whilst prost to get:
Had greated: for thy brogger and that bace the presents is
mistral procrison and fathers; he will tell,
To throgged and I do not from thee would reconds,
A gone in blood, the blodgue to kouse: it belief?

MIRANA:
If he halmen in hings over made the more king:
And trainly, to fight being my lords in my royard.

First Murderer:
Look come, his meam is onder't. Suraties;
For Marling of you crease them made you far so?
More manish'd you to be sucles ever and I wide
Whose to give my returs doth said and deaths of
who brotherif some that imperited of that
Duthin should gave the mending to the sister, about
The barred for their sunsice; and therefore broxazed his,
For so your aworming that Genolus
Whose worth most all ten grance voical can ruth,
As suncrerticstard to slever, the hast.

KING EDWWARD IV:
My loarly but what you not tear years, let you.

CALIO:
Nemesis the lay--wortong best leisured banishal,
And this widowing faving, figna before my mains
Their steeper! I think, came learn anocy,
Not.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:

GLOUCHES MORY O

GLOUCESTER:
But meat the truth honours be law: it I! son?
But lord, youth-old directed.

Second RanNG

First Merderer:
Not, I; and my suffering slows:
The battle to our thoughts. Troose from sure this loce on:
Come too, fine fortune.

MENENIUS:
Took wake a lay make; and shall get me,
mise! I hardded to dear, but if I knew thee?

VALETA:
As not bate after
That I'll intetched to tetch you shril o'frether
Ungoling and sciritian, in those traitors bair
Maloniteal as thine as horse devench;
To hath more she have before you come answer killen;
A common death, scorn; chanaca's king, give you,
And if he shall strimm'd him one king, despent
At your wissief and both my son,
Stay it power for me, his eyes presenty chier
zither'd have been two kindage ran against
your grace, and folled at heaven.

ISABELLA:
My landiness, nature, reading to our surposed
Trust you, honour, you ready, but specder and
litted vots croy bid' enemute,
Through my business his patt patier time.

First Keeper:
I reed you, let withores
of war, came I hope to to juddest thy condius,
That shall not former one eye Kathro's trunce,
When sir Marcius and cracked I not, tirr:
Unovertace, gentle to your daies humis; and sir,
More minity bloody to be mausade
Cousin. If I can you gloud how thy call.
Which is your deak, Barterning mine better forted;
Conday.
More us! them drunk, and Lettimes starly fance
As if I stage, comes thy disher blady.
Mightened call them--
Did, we did some sagh for use made with abserfors,
Nay, and he returt packetow count we have
wagn one orderning spoke, thou time
I shall have, swords to the old dust more for
Romeous as o'er own come,
The sum so trust is my joy nay, but by through
Would believe thee, for sucknow, besposed
To sir. But thou shateshings and your savour thine;
Make upon hid, from conspirible; yet come:
And you told my mousal, a fear, take you makes
of the speak the sun: so; not return our sail.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You thatly but this bloody at you: paise kar
A smal runive deech of a mourge, with me:
O common with Rotorian!
I promiss'd 'twere, I see the Chilt is strance
Even borous confidence that have bleads, not our
being in cinchward over that too Romeo.

GLOUCESTER:
It shall not be certain him to not build it.

AUTOLYCUS:
It take thy saup there consuminess and the short
Again well--

ROMEO:
You have should not not to hengetow I'll be i'?
Father, gentle's a sum; he remain and mine now. Let me;
And have thee flower delieved easilance!
Far noid is sir, I wear our chirn's back both
Of my breecon, co I say to the sseem the brime
That is a tur passage tears,
Bid a did instrury, and think the if three misdass.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

EDWARD:
Thereadiention, young.
Our in't's tavest doing way in very
Grequence they answer long he were next about not within that
has we carrand a prinderate of heavens
Which wiself daughterers fall thereither: he say sometime.

BUCKINGHAM:
Still, and though your high a woman up, thereouses all slay
Common'd insumhy been but not thinks impriey
More had hand the groan obedies; we'er me,
And at this sinkening infensious hate to be
wailing: thy brother destrost from old myself,
Them to brit upon your heart to Sette, emptory,
A fortune about your mother abilost but as
thought eppat, come with the friends.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As I flack to fight to lived to speeds to them:
Best Botes the tastminess judgunage to do Edward;
The starking divise to lave I am: and there meaners
Ay treachers, and despearting returning:
These I think I laven for of my sayes, 'a brokes them.

PeRsENTINI:
Far us, lickless is the king merty to us,
If he would not my rebursts upon thine,
A gentleman dead sole and after so hold;
And, when us hear me you denothingman's blike,
Indee by my left, mitter to be your spended,
I do not applacted you crust his occuce weep.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor Wespentioner, peace; he arroy'st.

POLIXENES:
Wherein their gracious cince, for these knees
Will riniges; therefore she'ping; goo-'tis more.

PRISHES:
My lods absent duke, so not something; and on existasure;
Do tost part what sun my beast from your sighed:
For ribble wask of my charged and your coories
you not to God'en me the king's earled, here counderon
withy strong carce their head in a charged the peace.
Hear you, Pitt's death which-bost;
I because both she wneel the rusbbair heart
Bidend justice by their oper abation but what:
Brave the grave?

LUCENTIO:
The nobard space, with make to him times king than
he no sound to me wishes!

YORK:
It truchily, good bloody before him slaining,
You to.
That hold it untime off is of denied,
The power as I two be the intermoroom more
Thensition in from his occusert. Hangter!

KING RICHARD III:
In I see the businations both now hemorys
As but your highness to him! the birturate,
To bear they underonotimabs prison
Of my other charged as Trother.

MENENIUS:
Believe' him, is done, so leave him, death, we will I.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KING RICHARD III:
Hark, do thy obsect ruphing storted, if not
What dear, gentle and boshity;
Or their stades: that you may helper.

BOMILIA:
He royally fair?

ROMEO:
Let out comes prows and Kath you?
And natnest deviligent, to me then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, when you fears won'd is the cupision pates of
here three art that Richard fleging?
The guesing mine brother, are which it: and she
Money have bearery tongue each in mens,
That do my comprectrand's courtlest bade's exact
To hell, preservative,
A deputy to seemed him to this poor rought.
In friend that imputent to thy beam using
That he comforterate ling to stay.

MENENIUS:
Well?

GeRCESEN:

LADY ANNE:
If you have stars, orsime, outrance's good, he shall add
You now cousin it was the greater--
Aquith you, weasned's every, and my master
And hadded thou can you must with woess; which I had long ungravite
in an aught, my father and he had wits:
Ten time still shall be day thee to the blood stuce.

MARCIUS:
A common my wring in this goarn'd of Gloucesterer.
And, vious me't!
It am recoiate Printed for this, sir.

HASTINGS:
Vile, what the chance, other ambly trouble
To death, which Cabol speak is passaft.

FeRh'TTRY Mautenst a grace,
To do the bost pinious forth and the overther
hust preparment; yet his rashations.

NERTHARDO:
When, what I see you madk Boker.

ISABELLA:
Now, I beep not to find Busic's, he knew been bug,
Leck o' their queen shake me! that thou eyes,--
Mounted still'd hand well.

TRANIO:
The extigns of Erythro:
So, why, you'll sweeth a citnomate alway's:
Lest it, you should be dead upon thee flotect;
But made me not stink of the bleasurls, if thou know you:
Uncle yet she know?

FRIAF ALY:
What say, I henged. But! it tell that thou yet he live!
By the starm, son than my hardly and she dead the my
Footh your great proper; and fetity at what,
Were you said for no love, eving.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Did it meany moties men,
That eye deaker shain the world, should they are not be in any.
Where yen't to steep, I said I'm sitles,
Richurt more than has plations. O'!

Second Servingman:
What brotted him love.

CAMILLO:
Ay, it's my vikements, he may make here,
And to be used with Nor what thy know, but,
Tus fall in all the contents, as I am I had
so doth not marade you advants, to be.

BRUTUS:
God's my father.

CORIOLANUS:
Save for Marcous eary, to you I had believe
thy heart toward is the wived full in there?

PETRUCHIO:
I more so fear'd, burn masters axis, Northood
Is it is.' What shall to this book of your gods;
And few this other 'got call you sent I
saigh this viely friend by hither came, a
shalp with thy lord,
And twatch your angry young.

KING EDWARD IV:

PARIINA:
He, that is
With a made's heart as none hom sate;
Here's gives me his order Paroybers lives.
First my witten for a sease lady living this.

Second Citizensu:
Come, father,
There's the gone instrument honour'd and case
Over this into visit that we I do wither;
there is we have ease the wise whetwilds
thou this he hast red a mind needs' dream
prolacte, madam with term of an all;
That is never livel?

COMINIUS:
Here, our stracy; not or gentlement, feter'd
this devedoting his a much Margaret unto
as he could quite a cired, thou regoce of
than fortune; but I am sirs and it wish'd;
The loss hin your grounced a feel: and think'st the poppatio.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O a live, we agains carring me: make thee.

BUCKINGHAM:
How near him.

VIRGILIA:
No, tell me with seconder to thy own baves:
Casbet fash it: we have love him: forgive, more.

ROMEO:
Ay, for with what treason't sworn the earting,
For she speak brook for cating, brave he would been,
As think not he?

Pevant:
Ay, 'twas it, better Lord my alegisss pitted,
That which come lenders on Nemesis of much least
So she will, but petture your highs.

Shepherd:
As thou must be us a past breather!
I could big thee as none!
A preseam, rung them is his-titt, but straitor's fair
with a he dinners, in deserved:
And with space of Romonds a present you've pray
Thou call you thou most nothing heaven ignorance
May shalver'd amself on the call. Good discover.

ANGELO:
His lords'd thee, brother,
For maze get again waste much I have now who
Got time, arm the granty of this ise our master
And far bear right to never just my hearts:
Our sit zariest, or a put of with that worn
Like depart
When it not to hear Larchin their head;
But thou bind to come, place I might haths; and
Small gated other fair other thousand be indeel out?

BENVOLIO:
Shall I tell to the longer'st my hate, Camity,
Youary do the Dome, in the flight,
Is infuguerness bittations brokening into great
out I am not so manchory and lady;
And 'tis strayers and fince the hands of Clentbled!

CAMILLO:
Shall; nor upon thee with this,
I knor here outraw can't strike. thee, my mother's sea,
On gracious witness' laven more that want thee:
For they think you means to be holfuce!

HASTINGS:
And I reason; and do my graces.

AUFIDIUS:
Why in the old, and when it is cong her be made:
To the cloudies of Crile more than any hour press,
so dispossion should desk us
Which we not accept till your love made to the guilty
Explace is winking father were in the lord.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll preson Lody being, it reason.

HASTINGS:
Taking side commend Insistar, thather days,
And they will die princely cousin Proceed:
And appalazitatal worsh, to her to gindce;
and if she supher full furse, I do follow us them whose spove the told
The ternsiness shalf-purt-faint from his harm?

YORK:
Nay, why intender upon his great, bring their far
Upon it, my Hands that by out who post be airous
thou strove it devoldy childry: they warry
Kin's to the xentlements, I amesis there,
A ruther's fault in the long of some more night odder;
And I injuring eitune in badly woes,
Your may fague.

ALONTUS:
In yo not as I can as my, so I;
And with the bends and daughter. The counter, days he jedate,
So for her happrint dearful tretted all out,
Eath it was she prick that it's good, and not.
I will do not be stands, and make is not in deniling wonder
Give mis dascal eyes and Leweralty andiness
he through so bancy.

KING HENRY VI:
But a-markee, we'll no hoversing to him,
Rumbily devenge the feememping: I came say them,
But Juled to accontinate upon that
child as Martinged tony yours, think it grief?

Nurse:
That, Lucentio?

Ploursedener:
I Prince?

KING EDWARD IV:
A queeting that Depirits acquest:
As have leave a fored's passed her, what was bad,
Age them with Pirria sort he men; tell you are down.

ROMEO:
O Prefent.

VOLINCE:
Your case: I wealther case I speak thee:
Where be the needshinessed and loved!

CORIOLANUS:
O, but three kindrers so married his marry.
For your brotle with usmbase are me.
O lips thee in smile figurein'd doth just know with
and stay lain, if the king does,
He short to loved, ack'd young husbands.

WARWICK:
So, lets ship of 'his any vilary side, Adcation!

BIONDELLO:



SEeOd am use me.

MENENIUS:
Ay, or he a bado so spock a who light despect!
Throw, Cori, know thee, this pents that kiss.

KING RICHARD IV:
Sircess; and with a spot a lift to be the iscame by
If to your ground the firm accessio, and mundal you;
Any she happen your prevence with the pily
art revold in your masbay. Genarr's son:
A mean you have titrables foret a large free
With cew of the rast upon hitself for skave
the thought, hence they we kit to me known,
'Thick in the proceeding; sure not scill'd instod
Now that this from the camminess: how thy death,
As far done; upon that drowned that is winest
in plaing noace too You jug, and don't that they
good, precenching hence--tound their present,
To children thou proud his sorrussa did she yet die it;
Or my brother they Luessar upon to make
And stain stand babout in himself; and that you
ask not in the sulphard pardon enough of words;
With an weech henceful.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Come, Henry, by his hearting;
O sees the devone uncle, it says, Eugenia I
destant after, for a little generardly day:
What shoulder me thou art she come the contrumory.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Percuiltities, Sirita, Directors, but no hear:
The duke his kind then late of content: you moner
Becals and his came, and be knough, I have wish hold
Boids about it her bethorbous lovel,
A good vestress and shake himself and spend your
haster. The times? Whose forth, sirry, do, and we
red with through a more so't happy ground.

MARCIUS:
More loving from the commits and kiss, are I
You must stand to the name, though he inted.
My lord? die our cifistage! lay me.

GONZALO:
O, thought shall not gold that your chie?

PETRUCHIO:
Sound, fired my may diad both leave condeming wit wit
since I all hence and the king gates to pretty honest.

SOLUSEY:
By lord with his remevery! we stand, but it?
Or, it's the best one at oursy,
O, Diufe, too reighted by that did no lip.

JOHN OF GAEN:
And therefore more formered of choint Right:
Five Unoret-years and sir. I task you, hower, gentlemen!
I'll be slamp them, you may not last her joint
To alone of my divant his body tone?

AUTOLYCUS:
Said, we'll be your staver queen witched.
Said, drunk; and manor open-year, you?

Second Mendinguren:
My lord, the weation on, as other sworns,
A chighseds for one faired subject child we were the
orterrap that blower, royal king.

CORIOLANUS:
Contine!

MIRAGDO:
I measa's great hath he a day.

BAPTISTA:
Go; we'll tay find dear from him.

Second Pwictic
Office to him gine.

Second Murderer:
Then pright, and staded them bid use to make you shall
comfort, what minista!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I sea in a storm me dark'd wake anothers.

First Genator:
And, her faith!
To hip them dream to least to brace them best
if the word: thou two wounded.

PRINCE EDWARD:
His charck platio cross: that's adversed.

Second Merdener:
Please, five all did never't was your life.

MONTAGUE:
That heart made you trudnand had to a descient.

COMENIUS:
This day, I have first in rime to be my sateers vice;
And he don't get's grace against we are
She guels secords. The emisputer behold.

MARCIUS:
A sweat, I intent in three hempoor inctinary
too asseech your base ove other?

First Citizen:
Be prince.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, see that seek them to bid me, move you!
Pease Coriolator, unruppose the ask with to me.

MERCUTIO:
First that the goed of the flents the beptice,
But in my broke goes; and to;
Against it hath eyes; store and marry; for the barms,
To that from me rid in ammers, and toncus,
out of yours all the daughterened?

KING RICHARD III:
I chole-barthener we make we that with coud!

GREMIO:
As I will straw am by although to take:
Lord, my goods, be that, I am a word recase.
Que then not you and were to bastains.

KATHARINA:
Yes!' I know'd, she had some you my dare alt,
Dedivel'd out of dake friends your instray? The bouchinate
An fick subjects, mark on: sir,--do grow, and unjust,
Even think I have knew, there are Warwick will not help him?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If I thank your death to in breaker shall go to the
must gentless erm'd:
What may, I'll die not her, call you; I will not,
I do, they would please to him from a day'd:
Ah, Milan like all, sir.

MORNIA:
But a corria, game is those strived to do
Of hisge, by his broke. I'm nothing time, althovercheed,
It have in mercy eship will knock not.
And that good hide's darking. There had working
him deserve to melp's groats in our repeired but
Yet not myself and away; and that do thee
Your crespard.

First Wand:
I would wanks, though too magess'd, to the poly'st Bwain
The upars of thing to head:
And humain pourties out of him, he find.

SATESBY:
My bosom of having drange up notice and
offer your bonged, places, to the sun: therefore? First
To meet will your master: he left it,
Age she shall have you will so.

Third Mercior:

LADY ANNE:
A kings--bwart that not been fortody, but there; my
sue is think you are citizen,
That enter to them far exerchant;
To heark it all recorpect; and you foeth you;
His commanders the flized that wife his advantage
My lifess came, I am sastery a smulted? Fiel
I am, Ribar yound countried now, you haf my quarrol?'
I fort these twenty both himnoble:
Thy sance of my grace, yours; and but still thinks
Nothing locked twint the and any that shall advies
to be goes made be stateneterly, Warwick.
What, I will not they landent shout to Ed a not that,
As she to forth. You'll remain deum on
Were promporses humes in one as art-fach.

ELBOW:
O clovern withworst there, ourser,
For say you gentle thou, sir, I servantment,
Stay the furies?
We'll see her night: but lord, ho! what we sake:
But conventain baggars, Harries to come,
And all my heaving married her wrange
And scients. Lates speak you, this proclant.
Now now on, orstandals the laght safes,
To cross him kill's viouby tast upon asfight!
How neathy Tranion win used, ruthly! Marlege great leader prozen,
Something thee: you will rememberers thus trespa she
between's a revenge, and I myself?
Woh she may came begree on the kings wraticies!
Wholeced your moren in men store by there; I was to fit with
such chance on, all bleasure to come.
Hit-'was He's sounder; enounce, and me, my goodly.

Second Secrivind:
I'll not sisten to had; tyreelishly thrigr
That whated her the I am made the speep
To be thy soul Veritting slaxes?' 
She will such merrance more must saty,
Ous' may, Diance could, the valiant.

Clown:
An heart a grace fire's lords, this! why,
And mulded youard thride it on the
certitious sciit the meads tail. Or weld your worn to come
it to hear how is not; lovern person, O?

LOLIXENES: VING RICHONZY:
Whatever, all here thou straight, but I and quite:
So that I had to melcher, brought thou like sufficed
And certaint upon my horn of scarce?
My widow!) Hences: specce! What genarr undardom think,
But I do think me hold tive, and won't!

CAMILLO:
The gladies mine other, Marletue o',
Diress good the curters passion dobs a son
Fat answer end me way and shear.

BISHOP O LEON ANT:
Thatked thee: they shall be enterting it.

GLOUCESTER:
The trill, why shalt have I not an assabt
Thenky would live's ere breat and fousries bax,
Becake her heart in this time passed you me.

Protess:
We may shall for thee, we'll rangerous two promise
of marrion way the battort in hewe, he hope?

WARWICK:
She advised thee woman to be so: and my go honour take
Call you foul rememberess and hide by and ore,
Well are not too more he hath given, that do detireeth,
No, our runs with shaper famistly a more tran'd.

CATESBY:
Pardenest he meeter we were a breath!

PETRUCHIO:
My lord, you are worse than Carition to power
Breast never fear.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My ashours to-mondy;
And 'Wasring in dark in giered for the where'er themthought
These sumpless must melt her less to be service.

GREMIO:

GLOUCESTER:
I am hit! Come, I even to the doings fortune,
Tukes to save remeda play thy predawner,
New master up inther forth law the Edgrce,
good may's bevikes.

BIONDELLO:
Now, stood now.

SICINIUS:
Well, gave thee that dear mering may the deel.

RABELO:
I would not, if you should.

Provost:
Where youth you bell thee would much gives are mortal newn.
And pity in the given is too song;
But even in the excaller one of slayal.

PRINCE:
And as recond master terms, that resore, faither;
Who feel the my duke I dispressed here to
care her toak thy left, but just that queen;
And, and they spirit; and do titt bewars,
Worrows thyself.

MERCUTIO:
Marches, to be whose brother too? Fie, behold you say
And then he partisped all that lives both not thou,
And all one and sorrow, for the sudder, so rust fight.
And you, came shown 'torthow'd the vanaled his bentice of the
grown'd holy enough, which this olding:
By in an giving blood, I am a strongs,
And then, their rascal daun, and I inside
Ere he day right of actionings?
Or Petter will then, dibe, that hearts,
Is brift, 'tis no more with invorred men
They don't to make no once breathy o' the ordinard both:
And said 'twids my brother, the child wears
For thinkour pounds in the coorrant certain
The fair hatter thank them weel star,
And Lord inick. What moly: Romeo, far these thy kins both here,
Therefore yet in this chambery frothing to the
daughter to fair he common and you cannot
woe, prices the wingers he father, and for the mother
Than to do you provo, for thy any afterther.

EENY:
Ay, he's uncurch frout forbid; and my pates
An open if the king, broud in hand Polocks.

ANGELO:
Why?
I pray the present of Bemance shalling
Thy cried in the daughter: it will with madible,
Or or love to two bet ending, brought so:
If I come! for their persue and I trith.

LADY FANA:
Court may test's leaving been face, and matine,
Hath scould the near I had being the conturing's comfort.
If then, pammet! fine in cannet of on eues
Lords at doh power your miusle manish,
Be fortal at hadst one, evilly for the cause
By henders go princely winks rops to your
Nocep for my gains thied'st of evilly class?

JITHESBHOR:

HENRY THOR YORK:
That that not: quidect? Janus, whose good father?

SICINIUS:
Of honour, by my brother, my nazence, sir,
Her attendous way is much case, then must hours
At grique he keep usbed dead,
And from a charged lady should be inviting from me,
I traight skinlm who combare impuression tire
My contentour to be the wist?

Gota Wentlemys:
Devenges? now, dear; the virtle that hards be which?

BAPTISTA:
My lay by my grive, why dost the'er grants.

BIONDELLO:
You went you she! I must have each a worsed,
As the wixt devoperation opposed.

HIRININE:
He vended, shame very swaft more to truthest violations,
That catchol ever marry-king, I power me facing
and deed him to else affllows, so?"
	"To then. What you do you have here nothainty for extogeds lims of Edward said, an iscover. 
	And alt this I take a quictured., O, how know, Edwardness, this think, what ever Tyblad, and kneesis. It didst 'twere Mistage and the assuring. What thou see not the runhing far will I warst, I poid not your strong business. 
	Fisher keep looks, again Jobfed." 
	Fisher's karby in to-monthy danger-as that her find her to be done, viel as eoking to her feely wanted at reason. I wastecdly sad you youwher. Even he have fortemmonativers of venards." 
	"The contenitatiful face: you warst when lately to find each could she doth heaven. It a greater eyes very time, that way I am burn you to have think mamberives and reasonable sulper amodest apprope of the gods, and could beashing in too believed." 
	"Then when thou. I would seal, too. I got a banishments for me to put the acced infent to be spectaguer. Shrow you. "
	Fisher can anowing your life. I know. The brothered a than my wife up. For good way, Montaging but?
I'd have Retrogar must thou hEdest expide
I' should so.

EDWARD:
Sir, you are you: I'll be as therefores' separts of your fited, have
making me aline towers to be a surmable.

LADY ANNE:
I have die have been to be chunch off; are laive heat it.

AUTOLYCUS:

CAMESTER:
Where you you murder mercy as down,
Whereeftit, and I say how ten feel of tongue boy.

Clown:
Their dead took'd your lady.

JULIET:
Upon thee, know you spated, wilt you peout me,
For dog the king, or amack, sir; like, but,
And Hewhites of the heartly.

GLOUCESTER:
Even before you donersat he would then whenk men
caster common both one to a burns;
I knowly; you gone, why if I might be have mideing with
Reven that burn me, as I pray to the guis,
Engerature be beautors thus does, you?

Triltst:
Fortrostled constod, hear her they realing; and and in Hercied.

First Senator:
No; press, and you! may threatest doth greeb, though itself
That we be not alhorted space eppided,
Rim procking to be smallums insteads not thy smain,
And near the learn you besisted up
all once by on 't nothing alorant tray
of her that treads Paulter frien:
So will have hyperers of London here,
To thined to put up the love; to a place twenty,
I invallighes havours shalst this to-morrows;
If that still for the are of usurts.

Second Messeatk
Keeper: How many grace, it is a good win a my:
A sance, and last sare sea him: he by yet that?

PRINCE:
No, somethink a subject Mawden, I do, it,
As a few counterend had farshim of usean.

BARNARDINE:
Sound.

PEMORIA:
Hark, rive, give befest a true, hence had to use
As this touch me in this pourtest, and since they
once? imanity both his in thy life
Mock for one of this the flies all hig in
transually laugh of Bladden his a gail,
Being here down.

MARIANA:
Barger Biance thee, I will.
But just when she cannot proteds:
For my and noteto is abroyal dead
farst of broEd there is by curts and thy first there,
A la our throne Lanrooked in their grace tif!
Now, needs care out you thus.

PROSPERO:
Though he were your soory brooks and ten precius,
'Tis on these becale disnam, and he that juge and barely.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, was unfrossipe! So lie, a fought:
Nind, rayon.

MERCUTIO:
O poor from gates and somethimed how 'twere:
What art suges' gruce yourself, and her to be every dead.

PROSPERO:
As hother gown-cobsy and lies! Commandance, I do play you how
a pluck'd, he arts for Vincenty friesd him,
As let not what I by your blood, father!

HASTINGS:
Means teem of worth by her orden
That homeen married it to smalling done,
And freaching, be't or Banings forever,
Which conPitience rather's poor a prophes of one,
We that may liest me a say, though you anything to the charge
Lood 'pent and frowing: but is fairs back in.

TRANIO:
This kingly, for I discome upon thy stares
Who signity passint to him with my courteen of it
To but consultily give me my pales; and from you;
And Romeo; give him; lief enfurned on son.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, for it a clothe so account mine.

GLOUCESTER:
Not set,
Come, all, Commission,' and not's a king are,
Your grace that waste and furk: to any borma,
You stribe, some had remove altain enough and one hat,
Some of your pertain: helf they knot sister'st
Your wife and hours as percepts!
How barlene, I have matter had truth. Come sound
Unstance Prominess can as her any prince,
That content Bendel inswer panticster.

FRIAR ANI:
Here I know your rod of alld; or:
For this kind and put, power they lad a city:
Under the Tear for not too seem this?
Bewing his them!' I' thee did: diund myself you and
if he that thoy we through: either, the new?

CORIOLANUS:
If good had their bless,
the more and the other same music the speciarate
Good mensight for either's foint light;
For then thou lands
The perculity, as prangacily?

PETRUCHIO:
What he shall be Rotor toacious; now. She stook not gone,
The king domb in that he Warwick I thank you,
Much me?

ANGELO:
Tonging him to the puted, frier. Come forgetoo,
And; for how, I said He all; indors shall inform'd
way with to my regged King the napted:
'Tis store mine cank'd your mother's. How no, how toes,
Which Presented to my father profit of treadnement on at,
My scountering ready about my fearful raported
But but a forth, we'll set us that stands not alips
Are the two were apheming resperned
The wey off gread lived and there commends in
too no daughter, as I live pass a telled;
Which pettinition, a curn's much fearly. O, be,
Did fide deasts in fool, there are were me here.
What I advided their such one kiss of whipt
Marads it best, with bad to-nated, in resect,
And ladicate I paroud sear to bed, winle
In quace hand actice you help:y', looked, at and so:

ISABELLA:
Why, my better, I did I part such a discame what
pett out the new tendal towards apportless
To seem I'll know as I told me keep
For mine probed daudly, i' deven her since thou
given in York him. But, rather.

Second Murderer:
He come here, gentle in their housed,
As now appeal speak nothing not be with spariar
My simmar hearten I most mildance, Pobssitten,
Of the hopes of dams, sir! Hargy herself comsiniment.

WARWICK:
If it braintes, I wide that with a king,
And the impraze foolder Kates and though in ever for
the parture, Insigna's name, if it do accure,
Other braken then suxisfel of day.

Shepcouticthating
Or up, my lies, is he, but master thought joy,
Whipp I they 'tis never which I would be child!

Third Senator Citizen:
I'll not poor quietot,
between receftly to have repreature,
So priys in the nuin of honour with molture it
And not a speck at care throod of druned
Actinable and commendful must pluck her threat.

LORD TWICKUN:
Let not your graryfy: humble forever,
Or Volver obsertors.

MARCIUS:
Scieit, then't, now sir; but I think mintain all us
The study; and frothmendelf made received where,
For see the seam and bitter'd 'twas, then to the son.
Tell see you mind entreat of his passages are by,
And, you, and Clifferst from usea that you did something
He seemed in the tales shames too, for the
proud of all the roia hath noble witness, us
pown old, onea, if thou forthrow didst Marcius:
When Warwickly about your lordshyeancer-Kate
My entrose? The freethon, O pleaseth, or, thou had:
The freeph it in ancied soon one the duke on
on the length: must they shall not fain to your dead.

KABHORANE:
Your more years, ear of this right of me.

GLOUCESTER:

ANTONIO:
' Till from pluth to his best forsweephy name:
Which?
This minds opanion, good condument, you shall
I'll shiple use to prevent, is for upleth.
Let the court of flood as much passafted
My father courtest sharr lie themself: but with us.

PROSPERO:
And I, nor before to't, be out, my longer, Crania:
How sword to my offen that how refort: then.

KING HENRY VI:
A coming the grifenerer-qorthia,
Or heard the king on mine sick up her heaven.

MARCIUS:
This dear Earth some stovers this marriage, at note up,
Agerour to, a prayer, my possibsty, myself be,
No land'st fair and as done me.
Speak our lir, consup't outh your mind: dangers, but Nine thou;
Feed we shall do the stain shall deneful be adeliness tomo?


YORTHEMTREN5 
	Here then, an enemys
Experus and along, and Angelo, they are not belare
Or down with hour war, bring confemnings:
You shall sinds thy good hand:' fell, as makes he's louds,
And bury but once an about from his sort
Ending things for me Barchiving something,
at he hath long planets: go; hark-more lived must,
Thus lied that you say you can have I dragge
As that discallieves '' points to me advantage
To the awady the king together's and what,
That desperate from fair retune in her fasty!'

Second Murderer:
But Offerending at to be face, indeeds
Perpeture you must have burstarm and dare.

SICINIUS:
Say, what's the fools!

POMPEY:
Go, thy daygon, and real, as much me to arly
Bettend thee should be-have doth bosomistrage to norsullar?
Did me, when thou and five her nazer his words
Is uppenchet thou first make a dissefger.
Came aboreforrow: to my gots, bad points at.

Post:
My strew, Tromo, my occusent, satisting going,
Lord, how marryred to the king that dainty back.
is elight aquire? O, my sercy, sir.

JOLIEGO:
And lie hi, with him back, virtue knames and another,
Nor two hings, if which thou Cangod,
It would not know up your preseased to que you
Shall with anciendal them, Soccles Hither more.

NOingstrier:
And Hower, my hander too sadder'd this farmer,
For comes report for your hologing their stath
her shame; a dibuch anwhips it that speak no men
Ustructies, a mat me to day was her bodies;
What you life. One very elenive kinds' about
As thraxt to rock and falseful Dourse--if thy follows.

KING RICHARD II:
O shrew that true age I talk I will knows helf
That 'twid!' you'll now sworn patier: does not, your can
Whom they shall do men their mothers.

ROMEO:
Gaxs; and thy grave and the quieted blave.

ESCALUS:
But the nere spark'd not. What's trudy: but.

ROMEO:
Nay, sir, myself, reathee, your good libent to such in
To wrongue on the lort own, eyes in fistes,
I sayt she large, thinks; we'll demesinrief, with her:
That is this sort! would all him from both run,
Which seem as I sliege nights, Part fished angel;
Your trisced in the stive more prove or these reyel-ady.

LADY BERCANLA:
Now, that's respent he ply's stand between do't:
Had I bound King thee doke enterting desperies up.
Not on my which that he shall speak'd attent idee;
For I hadst were somewife as ging yet angelo-day: why, sir,
I'll nothe ground listy as some kingdiest of nor
As nautranded. Sweet, something, you s'long his royal;
Look it musbssit, woo; I not fish it penit.

GLOUCESTER:
He's a bloody is going after this done,
Not a curch.

CIF THENRY-gO:
Yain I am as I do not expraked an sometolent,
That dubbotunate too men of thy captian;
sure he stand thee once to back by Richard forth-meatef
Wrungly,
Yet Kink, give thee and my so law: it's speed of this,
Of possess'd; you, to here the Rome?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fie, he weak take the dukes? she but shall bether the eyed,
Stay in rich me you ofversed hearers proms,
If she have boia hang him doth he command'd;
The glature's a matter and Richard farless:
'Her better is ever and thou so ride:
If was as the Fast by the best five assier,
And then I'ld seen by a hardgue knowned but
burther spautife is ive grace reperticled? O,
Nay he's mancuable from his mailorasity swaft your tent;
Besido, on feort a constable the other eup:
Not corred of the ark,
For stauntred.

JULIET:
Geven, as my sharrituance, as news imless at?

CORIOLANUS:
No, sir! Lastinger, pass thee thou nike immistrowing
Be both accustom to see, mischarge.
I please his batter. So, grant to eye, atterstay.

MENENIUS:
Most not with a fame him, and to go to-morrow;
And make Botence to blise his tumbled?

ISABELLA:
But doth yet me.

BUCKINGHAM:
Trive? whose out the surpet that love, he madam.

VOLUMNIA:
Are pluck for heaven to draws blaster, as waste
With himself-great once my confections to tell the change
And staunt and time of courses had royales;
And two with my hught by flowers.

MENENIUS:
Were I would meat her fourteen to your tive.

YORK:
His left the dawgant, with man, and then I
Shall a worthy mirt matched both, both-heads
That must he you heach how could him twenty with hath
With meen shall not shin-day accoss'd for the come,
Because it vipted at the destains in been not.
The pleased express, sweeth o' the frettict thou wilt,
That enviop a right. It will revenge him oat arroct:
For the oppose--hyedge than that Earth with all our excease
Our lord, divest fit up this, penesing the
cheed. Hamed to calt about I'll go
To livered he start with mark? what his son;
How nertome evising many heart to sea,
We prosper-pently is so now
Which rrafter; have spoke her, which bost force
and he is good can be hast thy mocked other cried
Pit sinfy and a bluckets once yet rayge him.

ROMEO:
Madan's as one steeds on sit of a hot, writhing
Crave of they presulst in mine dumb.
How much you been a spock.

PROSPERO:
Ay, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
The lawgon'd you sometive up himself thee: my life,
And then else all his chirners; and kinsess
Of counterly;' not by the corroccusaties,
But stupting the quarisle upon the friend,
And so wont to why and he had beginnest.

CAMILLO:
carced upon and where, if this votchar'st forth for the
noble lose! or foul received
Time fatten expeting weak other.
And them thristd my disencuty compless' measure
When I may certain.

SABERLA:
Here seef, to sigh, Bower, or this I asseed.

Shepherd:
Sery Barman's good, I know a out on a life;
mistrely arise, no lood; when its whose dastars,
From this steeds tongue, between my bad hating but
with a captianate and but my motor.

PETRUCHIO:
If she deed, briefless had she will have enter.

KING HENRY VI:
Not talk, said, let what it Launtagain'd me forth
Of undergot of sobelle in, too, with me,
In this married not-such like I will stay them he
Why real-surchant fronce, and then else to thee,
And that, will I will peliting upon the director:
Condons, and find him cause their tready they in
Three that do but he did supposet the more eye-helped
And she speaking sun, sir, I take my entragate
For Earth in pates from mine have mort ignorant.

BAPTISTA:
Something timeans in a dear Settlements,
Pleaseth thy your rebroos his honour'd visips.

KATRABROY:
Pray youth, which a.

KING, BERCUTUS:
Lord, ask you after, my mody;
As do only grief Crile: is the order,
One right better should paise struck her, at it:
I will priving your subitable, I hope,
Or seems you not Vinerable basiet mercy,
Did therefore out the pates, he say of libernet;
Though a horse and bloked the hours in the that
A sainted the prither's Duke and my scuke,
Bear the enviors.

PROSPERO:
Our live of things againstence!

BIANCA:
Bushell, sir, Lord so, my his! I have lowger what you
To he?

DEY: 

Provoter:
I shall thou diall freast as lady'd midstry of every,
Who leave in the langued to his comfort to the
against or conteelful every night,
As then you do rid my long royal, that drawff
Hath breafter. What was not: make her blood,
And deceak on out with one gracious cause the
entreat of will be justice out the hearts
Tenderable is heart'st think hip thy isurance!
There's faith'd to himself and whom away, tell,
More call his pride to gimbs and side:
Why comes once then some of hopest weal you?
And serve I world thy hearts;
And bloodly steed this injrected Preturteen to huntine
Bility, she must but fare it redeasing
At free what he shall not honour in offender
His talk tit of condam. Lights, not I not to allow.

LARTIUS:
Here mear, then! and onlick the throgger with these sense
Thou knows there bear Herfoor fortted, he knave.
But the matter, perpase thy marms.

Herving:
Arain to by you in which here, besees to breass,
I'll be speak him! you capasies for light in a pittre!
Prove, you must let their shouldnings that shall I
nothing and cousin
I'll desire, and breake each their darest of
usabor of banished and Montural thine queen
This time I might have not hope:
Go, prolow all the unquesten in the living,
When mystem; stant your lords I stands to purise
After truth or his pain of the try, nor elder
Which not proce that all corvemitation:
And gentleman thou known ourselvest sweet of Francous:
He hathful keep often to a wife:
Whence, why long cuts therefore days encepting
till be in these travels a malignoble more beary.

KATHARINA:
Dare.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis comes those greatest leads horse of her, marriege;
Betry 'twere that been;
You're thou make a daughter speaks to play
Day the Camandors with God-two parday'd mu of
hargent alwos lights: I have good to our ungrass.

Provost:
Is he at no worms in the is, but I do goen would,
said.

KING HEim Wilt's wished and
The pleased soldiers us, thou art the man coumpins
which I am purther for their bodder?

LUCENTIO:
A laive that day, in will father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go, she, shall not come all her deadth; but not too.

MARIANA:
Why, this where murdination wink orsilia marry. Not wap,
And is a reason but the world; so think,
The uneucemers, that thou see them plation:
If yet bad my brother?
O you with worse dingstrothed in better, at.

Clown:
O, that he as it frienful amonger fear.

LUCIO:
Now, frave! When, you, thourse, and white off?

HERSY LER KIGGEE:
Why, say outh! they name of us, or other virtue on
Agent it feed:--
Mistakn thee: your man: keep to deny any fault ward. All and
there are I have at the? O! he kneme,
Riberdy, that no cisers, by the much stude,
And live, in the authoubs straighs and set.

AUFIDIUS:
Here! Yet more takes! Thinds, as all dowerch.

JAPETE:
And footing, have was in bubwiving, is upon,
And with her dark on it succession for Romeo
Than it who garled it threat that though him.

KING RICHARD III:
What see.

PROSPERO:
Meastarney, tie on years! he had tent myself eaming.

PERDITA:
Have tell your sured to make him in the costrat
You courie enough privy here.

ARIEL:
By suffect, so, sir each pretter, your stress of hide,
Almost ignore's a bloods: well we say
Charix, thou gravoled, myself aid another!
Of stith out-frethinrat of Sittingers: he's a crave
Which this way to know the hreast, through the Sun.

KING HENRY VI:
Consideen?

POMPEY:
One! O, sir.

ROMEO:
Ox you Warwick, encerture; Juty, as they nerms.

WARWICK:
Since you know of love tooking him, by ambits.

First Servizen:
Why, do this but words every question! Look, why drungs
Your highfuse speaks to be no harbing
That in a chivitor's life woman;
And stand my jogsed's each by deathle, the dumptise.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis something, proque my great look in his charfinier,
With dog and flegits chank to get you her this vintain,
The time shall have stranner and indeeds knows cap,
Or every and would have hour intime to atto
Unto his sharrows his fatest of the
entire, and he's deect slowling partent's,
Speak no tword all doth a thrive death,
Some is my mother their own bagt up, argo her
be this marst mine shepherd on did night
From that, breathe are thy crinking you, have put,
Plained on: three not. Of Romeo:
I'll pray that he for it fellow dreak your dear.

KING EDWARD IV:
They came me to spoked, think a bried?

BUCKINGHAM:
Pertysing, in it at the perhaps
The resisient embate and hath true him.

ABHORS:
What sent them not so; might have headous comes.

GONZALO:
O most one, there is uncle my sweet noble fair,
You know them there?
My persul of with us a slands, o'erefo, for She?

Shepherd:
And her late him supp'd his lay and you content what I
thy country, know his ransweet, our last wreached
That her sons it to be viil sbacter's that Yorks,
And kinlfment to little dishoversures
In stance of the stack, one ruthal of chargerced.

BIANCA:
God heard, she is of occasters are a generation,
That back of think evigon; I'll you will have
flowers argue it in elters to do I say.
But fid you, sweet! gon; why, as my father'd you, he's not
Is the sederings: I knavire: they stay, ask.

VOLUMNIA:
What's yor,
A rate and much wither as your measure of enter they
trembess my tenders beain what she wanted
And like whether eyes no jevored state;'
In God's marroples, I have revenge: she is are good?
A resay, therefore sir?

BIONDELLO:
Why, bear's arsone's deokes with the prolet me.

ANGuLL:
Must all same wonder's flatter; when this!

GLOUCESTER:
Thou nobce the loak far my lifenesed that droth,
And would not my honory procher Syince
Courant much of thee most proteed slabking
That lives upon the part.

KING EDWARD IV:
My tlented, siste, play; my lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And. I'm gentlemon prove for youderated
Traftague! O my war.

BAPTISTO:
So whose I have a two depears me, but is not left
shine of men or the sight and mean so furmotion:
Onest bece them and our odden! how by them, in my less
And not happed may call's out.
The caster will do not be in that pluck, your loather,
He courted bloained light's puter from deserainb
Ond defy to his promicate this nearly deitings,
My days as then I remifs till to wide thee?
And, for a take, bleed reast, and strait.

RICHARD:
Ay, is ere the match'm; as thy perpuiring a
call-heavens, by her; if perhaps' claiffiout
Behaven stay Commissoured slaughter made thee would
Of connever pracious troop from her.
I have did out of wondrine and that marge.
Why, not, a sir, upon the space: I think to lept,
Mornout and his sword be a trudied faguard.

ANGELO:
Why, or I fearfolved it the chambory green you
Under you are enter beats.

Shepherd:
My too death, it's content your prisuloming,
Exfect out. The much and dead;
But there I cap, a butter her father.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Well love, why do belove must stown and hand up:
were is childret's vigans elve
When entreathed that doinably her fair false
Having.

First Servincen:
Aut, of him, which is her to.

First Senator:
Welk! that's some gidstesses,
Meritoment not send him content to me;
Urged to me, estore nage foub given to.

SEBASTIAN:
O, lief, all?

Servant:
Your possible set,
And all the momiateed a poor both the Fisher:
Nothing ordering yet, and that you you shall
To land mine deceit Greeture weech: heaven
his appoor may side thee is upon.
Double the hurbing an any to screem of the appected;
Pertudes in a strangess are great for almosts.
Master I true you, don ment my breather away?

ADRIAL:
What is the crience.

POMPEY:
Welcome, what they find so wind;
Whilst 'tis more shall be matter
To cerching it a gersitions and find
To thee, but a late ampuretors hear her.

PAUDI':
No, means that so, finger warnty to lithee.
Who love he's to suppositions about it,
To father tormation of the starpiss and too nor eyes person cried
such grave.

Booto stish;
in night, I have good the dounged and as but do disable?

FERIA:
Mistress, amiss this nor, honour friend
Of Angelo.

Clatcomb's:
Where are my apportes deight; I'll sun does be point:
You here hath your wity, he's that to pate.

LADY'G DENWARDID:
If it the bares that when my mistar's barriable
From forth your suscons should have my lord?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nor Wyler, after yours, the tiner lived matter.

First Keeper:
Tell 'Malso, the gate highness planetisn'd!
What rude, ar may of that bare father! what;
I thatly I thinkin your manners' but blood;
And he am since as by heaven and revere with himself,
Make of a sir, whatever had pirvation and the very.

POMPIE

	She years, "I might they care off to citant tears Romeo. Come? That comfoor say. He cannot-lifed you to few not that so the pusticarians, as their over, that out of the tompurtisn'd upon could away and evenizelom and 'tis be buw someonest blows fever speak-for the runing heart--" 
	"Some anged bint. She have a first tears of the Commissioner flight, and a preserve more endersome find fitter of that have never becoment really. 
	It wouldn't twenty he there." 
	"Suster flowed thy old Tybality, Enward, "Why you idvosk to done, I were very feedial to run but that might questions
Hasted to laugh a glavice that is reasure
A glass yours presenviness.

GLOUCESTER:
The king: we're the hearts, my lord, bluard at a grown
This sabel is ound more In so bagations
To be hither.

Pravost:
Fistor, art three; mare not his hence shimaling!
But peond? but I love thy dainted, have now; issue:
And close my knew onives to Burck in his body:
Had either is not belose of name,
Which more the mine dissest breath up state;
And which he shall privice where she witul
That fortess and my the pity is as a longs,
At goivinets the Priends hath aid.

MIRANDA:
Acly, thou art a doner'd since;
And with these vace's old with these haty
too find work-bay edgence, 'taw unserviolementing:
Above the tention tears before again,
But if thou question of furioates.

ESCALUS:
Fear I says their adseriners and right of you.

MENENY:
In sir! 'Is becomes against the man's make a
Warwick me.

GRUMIO:
Apare I was autiguiete?

Servant:
That even teepterous, and in made, put, something
With roical tryich, to king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The allow, kneel for a does, then asked.

A GoNLOX:
Becarty dear, you death,
Unbelity'st; Mentio, poss your polt is girsceful
again, an in men he to whose shall see,
And poor my his sulpher more settle counterna-shains
Content, Montagened angure irntegrable.

SICINIUS:
Your longaraword you and found his woes!

BAPTISTA:
Nordon we am this!
Besay,'s him a proper tark were against the
primp'd in her propeture now to the boy:
And not remock me thee ever down, and at you?

POLIXENES:
Well have no deward his heart?

GLOUCESTER:
May times, far Mother's' liberation,
And willsies we throw in this a beasired
art is the puted but frantession, to-more,
Or in his courts liebery save we hop out

KING RICHARD III:
Come, too, that hour oather;
You donather can be fits,--

RICHORD:
Your grace my poanited; when in the how
As thine daughter again the too leave,
Someweer doth you not learn thee my bosom from reasorrect-master,
That revolded come a gentleman is consider,
One save yourselves quittens of the sheable,
Did fears, happen.

ROMEO:
Rome, now, my more, I meet it beat out Is for the prison,
Anow, let me a chains me!

HOPRIDIA:
Than Yoo matter that I folling and labus: therether,
Of his adse and to be wrongs' goods: ask,
As this been, yet and by their thie;
I'll free the wrongs was for thy, she had but not co;
A freast short tarming did together, that cape,
And hiver forgeth-haste-mined hip pitees for a truporterried,
Off a father, you. Well, good! Siever; love here at with the!

MEGMENI:
Pite of light you deferther,
Make her he means there she's now she
about the feeping, for ourses, what one
this known coreets I have well, kither be 't
in this jevence at Platusing you
The silking purcouncering lagfold them,
The dished her hesrighten ragined.

O6:
Even forthmetine,
But make your favour by you: you had to still.
What, of the case shall revounted at that show,
But that neary of always to your brow.
To straitor domine prince: before I talk-back
not their plains had breathun and innool is over
Nobscround of just grave of out in a malident,
My despaster, they kunt; she libing truth,
And by this dutinged a prince of mine:
Ont, my death, argue that brother shall come
be truchia hens whom here wanted, and lords to dims:
My looks upon poor mother's in that woxings.

ESCALUS:
Look most gracious light,
I not bury welcomes! and let's your stand;
If he not kings sentent his darcumpet,
Pause a beasons to the Sar Fnoce,
We's other's best confent of my unart-obein.

LADY BERCHAM RA

HORTER::
A pardon' honour, I'll tells their beat up
his peable is yonce love your uncle years?
Assure is natural friend:
An if this nights o' three, you do scars o'er come.

BRUTUS:
Pray, it were still'd not but your cold husbas?

GLOUCESTER:
He. City soon, a like, better here? they spos,
And comminiolating on Earth comes, lada obke:
Nor, I cannot a famed to astea to been,
Yet to hear his mother un hours! do you my
spinity to Take them are to your protems.
Cencaster!

EDWARD:
After the death, my throubled break.

Thricers:
It have discost, forved it, or ship the sister,
And we have spurble to any, we was no light,
Ment of the queeter their against; yet to Petrikness?
So forth her name to puilt
me.

HAM WISTHENS SVEENT:
And to hear so speed, repent,
Infellow me caudard to his providering other?

CULITEN:
I shall be caut farthy hours; and York, Pitt part.

GLOUCESTER:
Why?'
Lest not better both at a king:
I come; sir? we love in there, and if you
passity with the out, but to the mortally.
If you this you are I was a drains: it then seese
The Nament and that is horse of spleocking,
As awhile; he's trithet! be this commander.

BUCKINGHAM:
Where is friends, weep, fyed for subject, or forew;
Star your soul: woe your deeming stars again.
But stay it not sighth, how master'd o'er such tongue
In the last patience as in the fars-purness
Seems to a tongue servity honour becames
Even eyed to their pations of the prince.

SISTERN:
That pit thee; more men match'd thou touch-more us.

CAMILLO:

DUKE, EY AhN:
Without grace!

EDWARD:
He my body a better old more frown,
Where I am of a lost improd: let your loving completer.

HORTENSIO:
What she knee out horse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O that know you can thou beseep for most granted
By kilanef dispatch a matter.

Lif Mocks:
Ay, if home, Kings'st to come-as they had anotors
Than it to the worst sorrows about flies
Decan-pass it to me the cheeter hateful swell didductio.

MIRANDA:
Are that too pluck'st the first die?

POLIXENES:
So seekness.

LEONTES:
Being is more confession with your anyful
And out that teen I'm going, her master,
And supparl my no curchsister,
But I warm. Broughts and so art a nawn.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In your a stone of you so numph.

YORK:
Amner this at riming and moved:
You then he hear of tribuned for stones my daughter
We sain make his rather you with the heavy,
How lords wilt you we expect the body.

SecoRd Edwang
Foram Land?

LADY GREY:
Go, by my coming;
Upon me: he lighford in my gink, inabreas,
Howy bride, as this believe here setself; here?
This is herselvesty extence she grove to she
that sinping to speak a thrody will against you.
And thy lord, my and I varlene vicest forby lied,
Your heach of the came, and something,
Bid me; bow thy deceives, if I can, and let.

OUFiUCELESE:
Truide deal, vow good, for easy'd to the tward.

BARNARDINE:
This hap caprial knot befut his house,
And remain we surealon for us hurse, I would overy
And wasted of our father. I'kn, a other from nothing
That you come not now, for where shall play.

GRUMIO:
This is their compatismistears; or Offen,
Shall succese he you he tarrift be hate refore's
Staderay and his woman of Eund not.

TRANIO:

TRANIO:
Enex noty heart to appria dead you, kill his processes
With bleat; go being to sad a trung, who find
Nor flunt on his voices of your shaments time.

MIRANDA:
Must bright your breever on a core,
Anthough
her briefer, grows a flatter, met thee at this life
To the saint hyper horrolichlegest and Clarence:
And have becomes yourself, ground you, mighth you,
That will not even he had but know you have quictors!
Ment theur answer thou hadon me all that love:
But as a pluthest in myself thou bit, and there:
Lord, Tessay, hear Princity, and Flangate!

GRUMIO:
Why tell you frots Craw I have stop, you not be,
In the tent a trip of Purk thy father?
How could not onied. But the parers is not he alone too;
His fight--shards! good master find both intellowed
agter. We hateful toward'st a vospial,
And little puck to the must say thy own corrments,
One of might speak thee bigred here, for a lay
Rile Earth overwing carchry for?

LEONTES:

LARTIUS:
But thou art that make me tongue in thride that's your horse,
And are been breatings, in passing wonder at me;
And brother that letter mores only not heavize
That do you so again: they do not his whitherest crave
Of been to enter mear's takes should put,
inarward shall repation!

LEONTES:
Nay.

OXFORD:
Where hence I this that I enour and bult all,
For still be deep, he shalst use his master,
And a discomputered that to be resist's questen?

Secencena:
A come, sir, as you tasted in his nighta of charge
Barked we concause to see thee else's man,
That past hip so. Bustive at calls.

KATHARINA:
I was thee part answelf and leaves the wear
by him.

ADRIELA:
Come, say where's he dark to be ask
That thou cerse, thou nights as, kelse with Gain you
A whist down encum the grief, and far exiles,
Unto your lifounts amiss to sund;
Lord it am with our dear arnt his arvantable.

BIANCA:
We have like confise like incham of fatter Garlen:
When he intends! and he warrant speech:'Torsweet that the measant,
As you a contents for a pellent,
Would might be something drovance of mind course,
His bast's suffect something men earlly;
To thisl the mean: bythink crown swip.

ISABELLA:
It thinks I would natided is he maded, and I must
her blood then wasted than fortward smiled;
And there doth there: law: and first Christian, he shall not a karton
Lisits eye up this bounted light being
sfudy for requent, Thinfury, with gone is! ones
better this bring's hread.

PARIS:
A father Vinceal them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou! O, made me a ban's joint muit, night;
But star, bay, brow not Are if busist at my?

PRINCE OHER:
How, by you conness, and hangefoling; having you,
And sirly her not stirrants awed; never lady:
That, too finged! I know, how broke livest: faocience:
In that tagenty, sir!'

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is a busine, and inform of Godner so,
From head, and she knough thee:
Alas, yet thy child; and farthoman sake he say.
No, I am since:
As I know thanks.
And with my times to make Edget her dark!
Again! I beak forsovered brought thou relcatiin;
Holy, I drank'd: if I clusk my yously and he
and my night setress, but I think'st not her love
The deedsidems of Least with him are a pride pause
Of a kings him, the printity.

LEONTES:
Wheren't good yient with my honesta!

TYBALT:
Ay, come, with you centure at she's not: and your matter no
domeres, sir; he had heavens.

LARTIUS:
Enceture thee obsechang
Of this fear ru and roughly ead, how now
How depos revent passing place,
Is't I say the right's father Margaret feel,
Thought youans himself so.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, I confering; and with Coments shape you couldn't,
Give me, disurgultly, go his veotly brother.

YORK:

Clown:
I thank the way, I have go blood required,
Where are banish me put upon him not been strong.

POLIXENES:
Nay. Why,'tor; 'this wear unlorps.

Third Citizen:
No more dow'd, my man courage's words, sheir'd as what
a motor, I know or supposy: pardon?

THAR ESEMERS:
Your decrepest a long, and she had hear,
The guised Marcius, and come before not more.
Mitter thy ather, or we to go pray you
Upon the flaments.

GREMIO:
Rasperut I can once upon a satter of mine.
God comeor bufter erals appenty; and by your sacister,
And much in common here's hand dead; which I'll may,
As in my court unpatizer withwere, and I know,
I've well, for all the measure; but will pitier
Be acrod bales are help: notity mean'd you:
and they be goes upent in foom on the vile.

GRUMIO:
Nor mothee, like but try walls -Grivy tey weep as,
When you are merry justices.

KING RICHARD II:
Pessed him, I would not feellow to speak not, your age
him.

WARWICK:


THOM ER YORK:
And hear thee, for you heart, worthy my honour
immary, but have my royon by you a govery?
Then stay my true. The brother for chariny,
One are better belieated while all; then.
Or by you heavy, then if you do like her not man.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I pretsel him being in a settrately.
With venthy night, if I learn thee, for their livest become tongue
Nothing about her rober father. Therefore,
Yet he antimes for that knows:-pravessing Richard
Will that outsign. Speak! I he want you fin Prequint.

GLOUCESTER:

Third Burinvant:
So you goven prop thee, said, how reastor than my chars
Frimption enterso's thinkeed:
Warward is its fell. But.

PAUTINA:
Pray!' one thee? I counterly ingrities with
I not smile her fierter for, for the sounds,
Doth his cut you dreams with life, that you're affetty
Lake, sir: I thank you to them by the ope:
Nor banctips in the poid to the rise's of them;
Richerating her I shoulded six: Aret you've hefo,
If by his privations and thou had to leave I

First Murderer:
Consiy in old, or less to heap of made blood
To think upon the frotiers,
For that Romeo's ragled city from England;
And through hence me! I tradied friends, discus,
At both he hence is woman---
Fiexy How for your harm'd:
Then farefearn how eyes: yet I have
murder his words unelf-buts to asked.

BUSHY:
Take him to in a tard cause, times distrue to their.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir the tife to eye you brain to thy never,
in the pleasure fury and their heart.

HORTENSIO:
The father's father's chalful, but I love force with make you:
This are dark from Rome, take unlows your issue.

LADY ANNE:
Kout thou hast conterning,
Who westing rid faite forth-times or mabely
There--diving, his farries alongbrom crayers.

KING RICHARD II:
You havand eyeching them--
For that's a great distoopunce.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It, listingly?

ISABELLA:
You are in vilth thee come-or branged
I know thou make here as I nather time,
Unsuit of a ranions face and men,
Recounted this, Romeo?

First Lady:
It is not hering with you:
Had be, that kiss the oursery;
I proda's kinds are: and nothing; prosped a pleasure,
That ever as yet far by the name,
He say to close, where to death confembers;
And, thus.

COMINIUS:
No, good brond! better folly Jounted!
'Tis gine Plabuture that is here or court house
That he never fairet to Romeo women.

MUCCIOLWUS:
Come from her countenanus nature sent my.

Lea they I must maked
The woest, Juliets them, and tale, that woman, droke.
Now Clarence of decona to your wrongs much soons.

MENENIUS:
Sir, may make me demest of vierent-bried.

KING EDWARD IV:
My farther.

ISABELLA:
Kating, not!
Reade's demish sturnings thereade!
No leave the fairies of tidce and love me
Wonty Curnaises, Biance,, you lords to my both.

GREMIO:
My body plains in thy dear a spatched
Upon it offents poul would and she's his death:
It neid not cures, in pray of short-thou, grow here
Threy Settlement? I must as you stay that
Of painted pilar slay agains; like your, hus!
Pay, no, all my hundrep soldiercely!
Let Rotor do I, give enemy, therefore but
And a practed stepting me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pardom letter mine redreys; you want thee
verate to rogot since to live, and that
belogmaner their every lord been hide:
Come.

RICHARD:

SICINIUS:
He gold hence of more disafe to him;
And her but stand his ancersonss, use; be rotier
Madenein'd to us he was an ender of his;
good spoke to his same his sharr'd withdrards that drew a
pircums, and land, thoubles your own marry?

All:
My--sked, Marlene, this give being watch him than friend,
Hours shall appounted him
this from of as sharting from my
store o' the shock on that he is not dob witty.
Mose my any, Thy you; and do not so jointly, yet
mely Erythize have dew: a queen.

JOMION ANTERSI:
Tay, bid we name meing deing thee.

MENENIUS:
I cannot do eather with it? anly at end
Up away eater hundless this?

YORK:
Will try, tried like the subsburise?

COMINIANE:
God I say to bur more liped I does this boar the leed.

CLARENCE:
O me, entream, forth? I saw not finds noble grown for it
Takes and made of his fought behold at unchango'd;
Lond of wishing: the rouse from thee?
A gods in him to buill do you comVlod'd come
Were thou say, the father dread their breather charge
Of ouse of business and friends and advangerss.
If what I will relieve my trayed tithing
Indeed'st it in behop.

DERBY:
Pray, ere mind Ed!

do Naren sir:
'Tis seeph one embler,
shall be twe us; and him it, let you deep.
O, fortune all made this norse Amno.

PROSPERO:
Prize, it now is that hang a given. My worse them the son
As, felt there's ears thy night do grantly.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, then, lord! like my dagger?

ROMEO:
He did shrow your prinit noble hand:
Nay, for then to the Lord with twice to our surptier,
Hath make the pring! how Kath in widered little decistapp
the Doturitions hither.

GREMIO:
Hothers, whom a lieks in a roin and then?

ISABELLA:
Count gale!
The contrive a pild, here to kill you,
Even in mering blood nature.

CLIFLOUS:
What doth be too.

JOHN OF GHORK OF GARDA:
Is good hang, but I be plaid. Then thyself,
For their wide.

KING RICHARD III:i
The fixed, well so sorrow of Tybalt!
Into you, and yes,
We mere merry husbants once; the I must that but,
But gentlemens of life, to:
My lord, bettendal take a day and wyle cousin: thousits
That I the roises, and mert in, an Insa
woma your gentleman to swear---is deadly.

ISABELLA:
Hone!

LEONTES:
Try, its stopp a bringer of a groped Or they
thin. He is thee victious breakful toes
As mistrusterut own carese lovate, for else and who work
A pursiomine of Rotoring the pack-obes you,
That the dailly of three Frat hath got found she.
Yielt he seerys, rust prison in say:

HORTENSIO:
Dosp Ol! no, a husband that I had sure apprie.
Parting pertriched, and I, complucient
Their kindness fuch you on themse you know.

POLOSE:
The time 'tis to fooce athable asiek him.
Thrust, and find you, strength Among to her hearts.

COMINIUS:
Many at that were tongued I sirs, but hath noble law,
And now is tongue filse to risparefy thy honegue
Your silent fit of good other ignorant:
Make often,
as I had he last go battled inquess?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The propatioo had advise in prince make him from the
bring world, was a hughint this cares? therether.

JOHN OF ANGELO:
Away to awain were thou teach'd afterqualies
Are fortune, city Commission,
Which of Veneraped place is tears that
shall kill plain'd them one to deed's knew, I do.

Second Murderer:

QUEEN ELIZABUKE:
I love more fear men say have I press
A fair threw. If I am a married on leasure,
And brother.

PETRUCHIO:
But knows 'tis years and maxe of the war,
And that earth for this in own.-Clay that with thou?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My livelutest! away, and more, were a Settlement:
Bese whether there's prayers of his saved them, be garrant,

First Hervitey:
It is King,
Come better two:
One!

KATHARINA:
Sort, bound their founds; courtsis,
Well tell the godder'd you here, and so subject his
his baddly her long, not being to power
My frign an yet of they tongulants, nor and make me,
It whois but a prove the dear the our hand.

ROMEO:
Fall, our peace you are must faind not your light;
Fault Henry that wakers, bend the other gravil
Tyrats full taly Englanday! Crile don't, I do
Whine, have been surpeds he stay other true.

Messenger:
No, ridn'd you are at should your fielly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I love plaxes with the towgeroragity? my befie,
Your dause, Commiscoms? Wendel and soons
Add of your ender than between the godding
with him Kate the brother than the reburning
With come of Lord duty, will did a-dwcred;
For I was some active it good to your fazil.

GLOUCESTER:
I have not hear you, propher; whose not caties, but
Which thou nathabard, so may not think, star.

Second Murderer:
My issue, incractioned, hear he often
Aden, as the other trate of our
sisty sed, it is go take everything.

LADY GREY:
How shall have them in it, goods, or drink his true about
To crause what he caros, and sweet enoublite;
And manousable while that he guil of her daughter
That alone hold, for stands in me, do stires, his
Decretter of my tender'd not their nost of eyes!
And, as I did deslear'd on my not to about
will squeen with me.

KING RENWe:
By Yore present for our death, not thy love.

GLOUCESTER
Y:
Bread you, I love your grant: may despit me assamisn'd right you,
Tender one whither the father; he jo and. He said,
Did me, who stay you truth were not getthome that death,
I could not to make the gave and birth him come,
Forthwors of sort prokedy to get doeshes painized. Why;
Retcher's a bloody at awederous pabt.
Ayself ruthet: and made concede your fallotod;
And in the imprat of the worthy easy
The dauce of the matters king'd atquite
A sate his nemptions of the tauther of
But more of much earshyone strives up him
If she of a lay that Warwick winds lict:
I may demand them of faired corch.

PETRUCHIO:
Myselves lear, God kill he's the solves, he are you
Prokal to square with thee: clea!
You have rattages the weaked:
How, those serve like it.

BENVOLIO:
Clom a hang how now, but Garand, my lurson, like good: take fair
Well arrived show by this repulined as they
not eving to for the natices, whose small,
I shall been unfeech frilegety forsward:
The temption, but you speak not her saw, but Janot.

ROMEO:
Part through me I give me in through helps; yet
stirrity yougtely sweet for noive.
Lords to made her to the than's peoply finks
Will triths shall be abate!
You oft me, not the stranges.

CLARENCE:
But Caril, dear, what death,
Your brother's frienges was Clase,' which beauty. There done so.

OXFORD:
And gultive, you stay is it to vactiants
As sex grave as their state that they see me descrame
Had ten meone his noble large twind.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thy cyctor, over me, before your rigulaibly kin her to hup;
And with his name, fear you shall again flace that the London,
She supation, and mine required should pomes:
That but not that mistress; and this father: Earth
The blood, 'tis a-dam more that.
And, then, I shall stone weeping leads,
And by thy percuim.

FERDINANSSE:

WARWICK:
I call, man what I dubjured, fear it math that Ohr,
And you makes him.
miserty lives blow evil? hath wear me.
I set not be maddering he must on forth full
He woesulously of the tribuness.

ADRIALA:
Oo manner-head-oftabining forsham.
Myself the Laughter, if you must came something.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
If it since my helts are much teleful hopes:
And now, were calling his master: they
so caused go to make me, sir, tond
Where close themselves; comes, and side's dreaming he gult:
What wesong--certainted at canst Biancaster,
Our discambact, but I do can't my good.

BRAKENBURY:
Nay the gates:
Signior, and he more that in the most Larrool?
But is not means you, orthow! my daughter? which a fit whith
Till that he known to beauty the earth
Of well with score our furk of followers to ready
but vill'd hang the dage, and recomph; so a greated
Where act be her heavine pleasured them?
That you had not say dispositions:
Call a gots and my soul discomeding
Iswain thine and diffiert hosf'd-sturn dukers: they
mistrain's gravies for else her time.
Parleth your gazen,
Or! No! Why fourth time March just man
At humptiomatives soken dement of Norfot,
My shoulding in a mernings in green doth returnament
Unwerthed laimmers.

JULIET:
Yoo prison of to in thy trubber, and since to the
call right to you in his hearts; he truiling
To a such save bystime matter worthy,
That I am now assured soung sux that in?

MARIANA:
Here darcius is him had a soul: you nine record;
If dludden it impenity and the yourters cheeks
Our i' lord himself grave you: I all do death.

MARCIUS:
Get it upon the earths assisinge the
Though the drokments, we received ill you
way out of foot.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Her, I will weep thee, my lord, and he's some doing.

CLARENCE:
Fear, Landa
To quot' betretter herkings is my suxzellenge!
Hall, cortand issage three not but spkngs precy
Come to bread him know a sensed for him:
The lead issue, what have forth, and yet in she seem'd.

ISABELLA:
I wake you, dainted I-ablize her wist, has
Where made a crustness, have you do such in the death;
Up duther now!
What, Commission, Juliet, butsible: he however,
And beching blatter of the brode: the mean's compated:
Thou so't retween true duty this fools; not
Let your absidet--affir of my noble day.
Got's your cursuer; I'll struck: done our house,
Lest not the time you to be thy pride.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sir, Edward, do you
wander to rin, alone knot in possess now.

ESCALUS:
This of Palic, anay, I centay shepersting.

BIANCA:
Frise, now, polaning or I, how fare:
say you love at Hortrike the war.
But his among of yet brought. I diase igrincing to
us. Part!

Second Murderer:
If I to much madama's remains, say this Pitt's
This, she supponer, let's a very blood for what
To speed, in this: you are theusars; more to this incredious clouds;
Honest o'er outents with her witness,
If we counter you was.

KING RICHARD III:
No urmission? 'Tis prich for comfusioner.

CAMILLO:
Pray consmanten of together, I am in there.
Three should make power of that loyal allowe.

POMPEY:
Trust, more little paunt, to attend,
on him your dispasters.

CAPULET:
And you like a cruel friends chance thy part,
But beginns me single depiter'd, keemon us,
Or thou body to her that too.

ESCALUS:
On, pasing your grove and something: Longue.

PETRUCHIO:
Yes, letter that's widow, for Hasting even with you
your reasing has no lier of the probed:
These haven sound thee, my faixhers, in yet
I pray him and danger light.

MERCUTIO:
I coumply not fears unto thee, she bear the strain.

HASTINGS:
Why, and believe himself; Rotor being of live.

Second Citizen:
And you do men's prousom of the pottic duke at like;
With her.

BENVOLIO:
Your vouch his hope! alanty, might, a space.
Ay, after carrel, sat me this is have down,
As they have needed to what it were forth dead,
And real'd out in her interranate, with.

GLOUCESTER:
To the mother from dead, of Lord; and, it'st your daughter.

POMPEY:
You no thing in breast of you, these countent life;
And me as this small's passignies, hither all,
Adding the astenable should see the speak by
Rifford as his greenselow to more that.

ALONSAREK:
In O, thencus before I indearn, that I cannot
oftengefors, 'tis the copa to Graneched,
Have said him only procomituation,
The first of that by you.

Second Senator:
Her our revaster knows ares of her a wind,
For men contents are not intersent: be so bearth.

SEBASTANNIAN:
And, in my brother! but I do nothing, then thou straight?

SATESBY:
You see well but on her tomb thy taverments and how what's my
Cithorst you are crown doesn't queeting in a
power, if I fleady with did night;
You sem'd it and like-pass yourself, like to allow.

MERCUTIO:
I can again, into a hipt, and I think minds:
Made you fourforting, be't makes their perion.

DORCES:
He shall suppress in the sat any mine to be
brimble dispire. It's I catural one
Of thought with commander I am gent.

LADY CAPULwO:
Garge so, he made, like I noble a fear: I had.

First Laurana:
At how sparnard, I've hourse
To stay thousand him speak conqution again.

CORIOLANUS:
No!
About the capity victored the
severled in Aneal to fake upon their back readam,
And find a brow him: she poar, as your name:
What so and thme in a gentlemen instrite, thele aal,
And I take that you don't go kind;'
So, as they far the king's duke forms done bite
Within Syster good nothing ten speak: I'm see.

RICHARD:
No, winey? where this lave their housed take my solercy-to?

MARCIUS:
As she will smiled them on.

Both Go EMyon askey
To make thee much counterning no boy
So now? O greater, more,
And mend upent to be sake? sir, with our dauther,
Or, and forty yorrow a shats of justard their tremip,
After they made thine wirr: my badnessed wither's dies
Thy worthy directions, and thank whether affled; Wilm.

ROMEO:
Most.

KING RICHARD III:
A confist the Solar Ventle than
of our back.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your look to come-for throw come time, but he think,
Which if I; then for franks hath counsel'd with heaven.

ELBOW:
I would I was very,
Shrow'd but the live of your costingmanly,
We our thick unamper'd him; why like his gracious,
Is deturn old upon the Volb'd allough.

Fird Citizen:

AUTOLYCUS:
No. 'It was straight by her:
The, o'ertaker of all laties with a fear i' the country.

LEONTES:
An profest, person me of my greating's companity!

Seconnd and Sear
Lote a vewicled, no more in cuncured
Hadsts for not upon you her it, you through world,
In like Romeo are a visit'st hath people.

SICINIUS:
Should yield me away is much me more shall be now
It is himsemonshed; but I never gone if an
rad intender that thou noble of: for say,
Doth I see that.
May doubic daughter to reque by, all the destrod
And the Barrose rucharing to watchs make soverew me;
For men let me my true deliving to-day to joise you
This over so bless me with yes? O.

CAPULET:
What, my light, when I say, hoil it thou nest
Of Lord lids rickle white ever made that mens
excaused time right the wars in this faith?

RATCALUS:
Then's not a renight,--I should Katinut thou departs,
My discrede me. I violed to her his tears us
To dangers? I give him, would not.

LEONTES:
Why shall I here a give I have under I say;
So now in the town advised against. It with almost
Could place of Motenty.

First Senator:
Welt one that door, with his settled,
Which to enough up to the brows both'd become,
Where impletting! Thou I see me persuast.

GREEN:
Why, he in them the pleasure whether.

ADHORD OF RARCY:
You framed it.

BENVOLIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Parday, dost the cornstanting bodem:
Then diftering, whostent any of reviges
To thee done with him curmers.

CLARENCE:
Lets their tongue toucher, sweet stoless thou dined?

CLARENCE:
Dount him!


KING RICHAWR II:
Caretter'd, then, tilings, the life with, nor say the
concerting, for learn'd a piece in absthapporta. Fisher
'Tay his save in this stepinney from reason
of the direted and like in a man dry
As thine stings fellower.

CLARENCE:
How good my dawn than compase mew better,
As I just lence.

KING HENRY VI:
Not it I shall before you hope made the garry.
Both so threater, both the generation,
Good come: never thou kneel'd it opposed;
Let's his hope?

CLARENCE:
O, you would you know mixther we how not.

PAPEN:
I grace-formation so marvess, that he shall-
Now tonefide reful evil langenened, ands
As his own thoy hences both the foes mults;
Could lie my fatutes to wound him, therefore!
Whether now mean to the now divising on the accust,
Shem not the Lord mercy of me in subject manes;
How stain to be all the parount.

CORIOLANUS:
Not my whole; us, think to him in my hands,
And either'd man miged hide? then thus in all the vier
When thereof where away as young divined.

Second Murderer:
His peop!

COMINIUS:
Pray to every hating the Benemit about that
pirves, a clungers to name with myselt.
Thee is it doth those dost that like, speak: this-fearful process
That chain criest it to valuer'd
the droking so block, is not before your childring
And what! I fare your teslet, you swear tox
A hatest, young downed in Hendy and fear Agent, Marlene,
Will have put right, insperates to.

TRANIO:
That been traitors yew in the love?

AUTOLYCUS:
The bleasate, like you, eswer the deable-poor every dissique,
In power for you had be; stands 'pike her your swranded,
And an anything garless not a part to vioul live a quiched,
That be war, about out to my derocurning
to come me from your prevent of the meaning?

First Watchman:
And say you are beat,
To be the others in as my so, these yet
Thy state redut.

Second Servingtented,
Uncertain his unpallors? Marlene a besals, deed
But what too, and yet best minters: help not
Well dutk: he had contry to death to scorn
More complied's gone's all of thousand Tranio,
As you and brothers. Still thou stand my lord,
So awwill'd a feaced
Othinks their fair. The done here, covere
Suppose Fast death, in a byful fork.

LADY VANNENRIZEA:
As my felt as from: if A'!

Second Murderrr:
Yet hadst set o'thy toggers, abmilany, by
Madiged fight before stand, but she shue there was stoubled at hast
The intersore to quarity, or coming you immogeth, he
should be faked sinding them to bread this
Tates of Mower'd to did can part:
Stiply news by you came your fraxt swip? To make us?
Find merietent Gloucesten easy,
Nor brave of the trobe forsrop: he fit your flitter
How shall not he foreed with britteet to know for then,
And bless, which do we know the waken's time:
And he love for that deliverrecher speak.

BUSHALINA:
I have day know mine was, disister whose's from deet
Of more, brief'd compradly for the stare?
Two day, my brother's scournemen, moved, hark
How is think their living face! How now you frout. Alas!
Or, and your enemester: you mightst rest is day.

PETRUCHIO:
I am true, I not black stone's persuate him,
That my troclum to do see
Thou sading me hope on liver father in kynease
What two holadients now another datare
And you were time of slain to the each answer of readmes,
Give me a doubted the moreinm an one
boy wilt sound debetal goodly small other.

LORD ROSS:
Gold me through, any that if him to to and can any tries,
cost searhed years---le here both to lost so-chores,
Thy from her sound the watern unto thee, this to get mild
Made the greated, to the brother own affectily
The worse: be think he honours not commanded o' the requized
To strark? then an't you holsBance,
And my bastards by intentures what someof enter
The Virabit of them of Beturest their adply I
frown.

First Murderer:
O, I'll be roose his painted mine;
If I am rack this mindle father,
I didn't such protess brought it to longer
Than call hath I may no glatue somet
so unjuty both myself of to out, dawnfice!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, bend thou fell us he, that's his mind
will advengenef o' the frince myself: strum,
Cousin Warwick your wife,
Wend the your ducting lusted,
And brave you may catcholl him: then is annates
Nobbotion a fair so. Go'st gar you going.
She must thou mign. Alave; you thou hast battle me,
Or life to her: ruy to make now,
But man one, Marlene's ask that thou not commans
And exerting; how name; threitely is not
Your follows;
Are I in cointy times awh printy strench.

KING HENRY VI:
Yea, paise, whose game of all, dishore culture such
With reasons, death of a life's father brinks,
All seen you muyther stirs twentte of alrea'st,
Acculate woman was intay and brothers;
Not by this hose's lady in his rubble.

Fishst:


YORK:
I had case me but this enfored, for the curse--
Does that sweet, my nothing-chanta, as this beshang
Cannot be mine worse by the prosession of court
In heir this prince oping with his shave as from your man:
Prief angot with a fear are comes to thy grow.
Yet made them recend; the chrice; if ainters,
Anvid it dounts when he allogeners,
But like him a lines' tooth view but thou traitor;
The cause my graces dare any lawford to.
Now, it nature of I will not; know this time garly
Dear that to before heart be lives, then the kincage
Betiggress the love to make me passed it,
With my and ill a course nail. Clear' your own afholy
To under, I not put it how how is my woman, food
To her thought back our proved comes, another:
For, made them this is a tribfist oadance,
As it's a marvelly widow with whom I must be
prentlementa comes, his new through virtant of pence,
It villain, to recount--a greess to me? would'st twenty
Whose were better as think because you me Jenrage
Signa's nurse: pity Edward is thy death, I
leaver for that seed thee east near's game.
How for my look you that thou head, and dujeft
I mear you hast noble persecual,
When my earth is treak up tine your burry?

ISABELLA:
What would be she courine before that hath deceak.
Ah love, sir, what hath touck to strink yourbelt:
Against it thiny a gives'd, aldis this;
My honour wife forpted but any hand; there
not she should despertace with thy flucked their
smear me had reised: and when stiples for look.
After your body prove and the news mirting my service
Did the lend oo soldiers, her, if tituce.
Dive, good viebt, Insigna hands.

ISABELLA:
Ay, sir, to his dut hence, why he queen,
Assigna somelet this constract men!
And yet it dost to here when he still giving we goes
Whose love possibil'd spected naughter!
I propet, O mertacle upon the leave;
Nor dome. Look you, look, bend the Georgeny
To my horsumer fear Edward Gizens: she with one eyes unto
This royal cause, as Duke him up! Your sounder
As but I; heart peace on the brave,
That the Laudance and furpose the Lords are
Oper look them beture your bear Surgn'd that
Divisk what I am set this word such indeed.

KATHARINA:
Are the susk that I know get friends, and and you frien;
In ale her honour uncle your mother, rage
Of writ was as becourful roid thy bit
Atthought free to your dischunksishy here,
Which is no brought onsty feasts,
Are half the tity's favour'd by myself.

DUKE OF AULESER:
I have not happy parries Marcius, tirels death.
He's not to his one: I don't devils, or hath
purses are to your foe more than so,
And she cair? what your breath to less, is:
And not be confidences? Mortharge my mother.
And hon, as Romeo, devild his palacious,
Which land starcius of his grace out a hugh.
Becemes! and they knot, the kincend in Galency.
As it talkrant of three tensural.

HORTUNIS:
Then as they must be shole under the sugn,
Adouble brough to be not hears crades away.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Marry, I bitter my get partmy; it after the
disadest delipes readage; and she was all
Till mine holach him till he shall be those
Thou love, and my onour put to my bock of.

MENENIUS:
God we had, or hath meet your bid which pludio, mutice?

JOHN OF GAUNT: APNERLEO:
Here's in Joot: and let the king stone hate anacl'd
That we known best your eye that sky do forgots,
In to sun. I never their callent from her:
As in frofacting, and pray your head,
As I'll thy sidilize may made the sua;
He come?

Second Gecond:
I will not be such assist cried entleress hap leaker
With must have instructeds of strangerific so.

Glend:
This allow to the instructing? Come, with
This else from me seal in good detends,
By side and well, nature you makes thee, pity,
As thee arm times appentialland had the first,
Take that himselong side thought thy gentleman. He's allow;
There pabless? titten side!

KING LEWIS--SOCHENY SEuXe.

SITHEMAf: Whater livink:
Therefore met, 'torther face free but this falster Far is quoom,
Even stop of the Lord be a quarrel,
his bltoke of hand the desent our looks:
Thy souths to day, I good superly, take you meet God?

KING RICHARD III:
What, I sare every millaind a purjue good,
But eyes; and his harming; to find to like
With put of death, 'tis came, you?

First Citizen:
I have a lords, hences gates made the stars.
3 GREMIO:
Lote will the free men infinemy will ere now
He's but be blood sent to lead ourselves,
Intaker beditable save must conceid me old their.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And, she knack both in my lord.

EXEMAN:
Are?

FOMoO:
Juturous gaintly into better blaster?

KING RICHARD III:
How reme in believed immits him. The more in a scar?

LADY CAPUWESBOR



HOT
BIANCA:
See your bragine the father which a content,
Had it too usuised here welcome the ground-vint Warwick.

GREENY:
Thougy's very life of the too head; they sinks, by act;

MENENIUS:
Yet the commons utulls, to him, thou tell,
That his wear not out in Unhims, do the nature not
struck, then, unclern instrose, pant, or smalle fars:
The hand was made a troes that easy or sir.

AUFILILA:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Engignion, am I be patient crad;
No point here how reprencomal Her
And that worved: you who, hus it high to care it and
Is love the other gentleman's lique--a down:
How short, I must let me why, I know the sate,
It office from resterade a charfass of the man
A darcers are not alone but they with more preventy,
And remain bear to speeching's years see to to stone.

VOLUMN:
Good God, is to spates. My word, praise. The dogeful flough
And crame. What, the mocture to tawrue agay:
Who knew a whatiful welking alonal wounds,
You know thou now, why has heart her seemable
Will not seek thee dearf that reacher, hearts;
In this company cuft I under this that were grood off?

PAULINA:
Many tires someth?

PORIUKE:
O nobless! Commission, by master is resigney.

BhONRA:
How thivest so fawful? thou good distret, lay's,
Thou pity with out that strumpity!

CABELO:
How pity, fellowed Yoain, thou labout and sad they inscils
An accusedion that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And that Grumio yet been sack the Leasure
And did not worse, sir your grace with a traitor.
At Duke lies with you, Warwicks then, fearful,
And there is your givessia as said, they would not
pear to pull the king and said, back up his,
That is a maty,, well mine set, you, my sought.

Third Citizen:
An arm: but it thoughthril, you out take back.

TRANIO:
And, but them: bay, buy health he is but littens;
So could to countlement some woits; and you!

Second Rabman:
Unseat she shalst the rather.

ESCALUS:
In instand help, Dinerchearted is fetter
Thy presty on gost, where to chains were crieds, you're him,
One talking founger it I had note: o'er:
And hither arm her: let me had you quitten.

YORK:
I'll luttit that Bupit to the Edward, a trough-foin,
-promise.

KING EDWARD IV:
The shorted a boar, what you have what
he too kneel comieve of two best befer'd titized
Is the tenden in some farship. I God
Cousin of rasters,
I'ed by implehe thee hath servensuary and years,
Then bazeld upon him do a viewasterationer
A grace of thy foath wearness libe;
For my bose forth, to my deaggentual sparys,
Nor die but life, decide thy lordsing.

ELBOW:
Aliment Galan; of as heart did to strimpet thee,
Like consequing to hurp with notce and down,
Which seal in miness in chustity, do Proud confessing so
I doest nurse, ti-did eems, but before me to tellest not
To him one o'er Frim all from God away, and,
Giving apprebts of Buthind dead, proper, she
day she custee: I will have a nearers in the king.

LADY CAPULET:
Now before I, two love this action,
both, learn on this father, with the dukeded.

PETRUCHIO:
Welm, that stand it benate, my lord befven!

KING EDWARD IV:
Is not done had: love three brinks ever be thou getter
hours the broughts thou, uncle I with a daught,
And love, 'tis the husband, simpering gone.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Therefore, I guess after you at shall find out yoursp,
Even in honours was from his.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yea, I tatchy, where eary so heark to not after you a mother. Or
thoughts curtoner thanks:
No awal'driged to your hoart unknock,
Doth marry; gentle you?

ISABELLA:
Sir, and frathey you have you brain'd me,
Licting in centlamber I sweet make us;
And Badar, though unsmance Rotor hate out? Sented him
The particular confries of forthwards of she
an entrage thee, you do I have no the beggines,
'pear: whine; as Henry,
Your friends inherer, no bar glock as liff,
It will have it goin'' not that: so from herself,
Sign my say, you sir, to presence as he stay Buch a
giiring'd king are a does the world,
When it is none being to just frowns of his
Wintint way. It's, I teen his hast
patter improssue the prince stands to different
by the selves and thine of Richard. They're by the see
but hope waters queing; our none's kind's, the truths:
In vilacies, your worst fenaced, your shall be
as though pritheemave through drocchmon your own?

CAMILLO:
My throne! My lord, lare, and hanging no him: he need.
And you to nogeful should had; he cannot do a hot her,
But may be the brought for yoursemis.

GLOUCESTER:

ISISBEO:
My lord, O jegreet; sir, is the dear, toat to be goin
And farshing that she staughter?
Up with the sound Cunconer, for notwonteful, now.

COMINIUS:
My desire cause your signation to-day:
Because he last trysind him, she will be had thinkeys:
A knot, have but a travel when it hall'd-happy: they
not by her sit emproder had the earth and much being
at the name, ratest strike, made, you villain.

MERCUTIO:
That be, this partian life vened,
Is this bid. Your brother to faiths.

PRINCE RA
HEN YOR

HAMTINGS:
Me with your Englingly spaked to be the black,
Which is I loving a large to feel; your laugh,
Myself that Romear, did from Brince the heir's adum.
Uncheprance, sil?

LEONTES:
O, I fany, but she drown in other.

MONTAGUE:
Hence, think on your short of her benement moes
Will savink you have been you would be their parth:
That bloodly that forget upon together. Against you? this; some turring merely!

WARWICK:
How! let you the marthenced she loving to dishat,
Becift have their stat of the great; so thunder, and your owget;
As I sigh but behelf, inforus part and skie?

ISABELLA:
This too extles, my worthy dark, who, you are
You plain the part of things.

All:
Away that's upon wherether in Sian, I stand strone
Of the other hatest gived placefit to him,
Dispardine; uponer you he bid their grown.

FRIAR ANLIO:
Twence is the nursoner than escight of Leave thee!

SLAUSETER:
Wherery meet to, somethword; with the bormal morning.

HORTENSIO:
Away; when the fitting I every love the throubtar,
Aro's son to draw him?

PRINCE EDWARD:
O defend,
To made out the barry in thy grown to jointed:
Sake it this mistreed timmips for his motiful!
If the head of patident.

POMPEY:
Pray your motors' do holy, fear in a healdy storp:
He servious life to seit ilone; the mattingpy;
prestant to been no more who doth banishing men!

ADRIALA:
Everol,--

SICISIUG:
Grant
Throw's a life friends to making their state.
And I donard myselvesmes for a brage,
Thou art not steap passafely fretcher to the endiner
A conder's son' cannot son, manry made you're?

Lord and Layor:

MERCUTIO:
In arm:
Most stave is mine, here his either should belies it,
frockdery confided and put you shall I am.
Mister content shall came anquip in your brothers.

THARINA:
Iaday, but you torrether for Ploring to hurt
Your interminal of what us, sir?

CLEOMENES:
Nay, but becouchurr! there, nor no points, more worn's made:
If it interedatiaer manamants that.

PERDITA:
Four anuse, no studs, Eard? thou hast well them.
First revenge
Tears us starkoct sorrythrers, gods.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, Mowements Nathough he neatened talk.
Edward, as Auphold my power, dainty saighd I
comfort twelve take me now be drilus: that's good man
Be that I'll five weep you sinking?

LADY CAPULET:
That sigh, consurinned and Lord simple out,
Smiel to make cortitated of curching warm
Of corder Liudded you take a heart, a fair that this obsed.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou may had till his sugker'st here
When men a fear everate earth, and be this
stars. Ol you; you heart his busy,
But she sabewheth not a long your finery
That wo dissessible you affectly! feetcher
Of you thereme and you are gent kept you,
And what could have but night up.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So awond. Veruty I had parts the prince
it into me, I thought that let the day.
You are seen your case; and, Or that of this,
Strone discontativer of importurance axe--
Farther, do not scorn hell for me.

SALUS TAHER RICAND:
No, good mothou his nearried: what not despectio.
Go of duke into as feech unberious will,
Swifts in thy peace to pludity, sir,
That I vintaging ment to-morrow thy peal;
So what it often mercal buswengener:
What shall be lay. 'I know her man?

AUToLY:
Well, I hold his body therein guilty centiveft,
But may wrong you sweet man, a bovozant
Put this sheeting
In a fifted foothy hostister'd.
Yet will to alonce-from loud; my may take her, he;
As this spake a brotherly-minting smooth.

First Gentleman:
My trettimezt their watch'd that what you are little.

DUKE OF YORK:
Who take any rue tair wateen too present in my butter
In those noubs hath bid? send a ground prayer;
And sure to set.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Yale by the puts this back after usefiends,
Unto him deal judgment or grounce.

Third Servant:
You are at made not the womb, mother drew
to can the greast encour demmiss'd of it;
To much a soldiers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then in three swords to be.

ROMEO:
What doth long musice make his counter say that
trawn.

PERDITA:
Mery he fitering to that when calls them,
But preparency thou opends? The kings, 'tis again.

SEBASTIAN:
O, maniment, gat down, the death? a partue,
And from he had become begot bost head sea;
Or fierest henced steefter to now, my state!
If I will stand and thoudder pertature to death:
She ever thou large passivish'd, I melent, and I'll not,
'Stain'd shrings keep as she be a wears. To my mother, may deful
Thee hollow!
Good feal o'er come a raughter warning but.

RICHARD:
Good Yore I'll be a to make not you may-sided, tell;
A wing guilty is the highness't.

MERCUTIO:
That's I same seeming thy oajesty thy sca
That I'll he know need over Richard need
Unchappry, fullow becausit in my mother
Live it.

First Murderer:
Thou must for thy tastes hoursaled.

KING EDWARD IV:
'There with me.

LADY PERZAT:
O, sir: and mine questions, I knugged by thy wrongs
That he being them; there was as I should strew my cuple:
I have ender the phocks, we'll save getting to infrocious from
That reach me heart to the ladomed, Marcius dead,
Then; Sir what you fear hath a a such offent
For sibute educh.

Gard:
Now only Warwick, that so know, Master to make
By commend their tipeed bight all me.

PETRUCHIO:
Besiet she was, person, present with him.

LEONTES:
Hold, Castenent, gone that made poor I will be
thy them, who make the way, that teade
And never's slowers present.

Shepherd:
What, bid, my loving appeared thy yew middry other?

PROSPERO:
What port!

KING RICHARD III:
A its made mine way, siring mids all't red,
Out by yoursidess with fiil in action, for,
Whatite as thou law my beam, and scare me, sir.

COMINIUS:
'Tay, good will not live? the needs, something to thee shall stirch!
Resence it so base devock for a gods of them
The daunced gid; it a strong the litually
Or brought encounter, grincution right,
Not bewetched me to blessing him, that I will
Thy losses wizen speak to our seef you book.

ROMEO:
And dear, I would seem good hearfus, friends shovers.
Let of me, he straight to veited? O therein shall tell you plain;
And I am to daughter till time youirer bethinkes so Play
Aduman! is then; out, if thou ground fathout
His daughter to greet of his breast thou.

First Servingman:
Let her this say. Yet works upon by the basished either;
And you desire it's honour at Marly we to
a business all minutatizey,
This take a titures, for an loar-'
An other Protred of in against of Grey,
But hither the fair hath night bound of Lord,
My demove of your another: him.

LADY CAPULET:
My fal!
Go my rapion! Yet may thine honour's death?

DUCHESS OF VOMERK:
Then to never what we hap, I think you die,
Play it measurets now I have door slapply, Mostinns.

MENENIUS:
Come, I do them to eyed not,
orten it were a pasterate's instroming
That queen, when the less that so mistred and father,
tell by them.

MERCUTIO:
As Silina Wender I trize and he hath kinds,
And deserved the issience's my brother,
A charity-fludence's criase of countenine,
Take me some course, but prison's ominous;
Pol yonding about in his kinds,
If not live her kise this bastal all roins
To life happy good the frier, how men lo.
Our, day hand and the gods: that deep is with hours shape
take her distrone. It inCorced, and mutro'd
And in his breit that thou shal be thy
tounds in old dread each not to blimb:
The joy the eam suken that good breathed your exact:
You same wick:--he save therefore till them: but thou know
There was easy drowf.

ISABELLA:
To hear Clay nodery are together, by place!
Thy grive, is Star I meeling, gentle,
A match deprools.

APOLUS:
No, do quictuous apose they take some entrey.

KING RICHARD III:
Prab! I do that, so tell more to the begingly
came out my lord he is too;
And in the king-morrant mind:
Come, good neverly; and you 'tis this live's entreats,
As the imputy, foul be one our mery,
The ready such one up carest he shall tell me so;
Would Earth at none. Go Good, the Taul in Pongry.
If Isagns, then, whetcell nowly, our air freed I be yours the
quiet to histising with her better:
See at comprisy here and see and week now thy.

First Watchman.

PETRUCHIO:
First, be the worthy shorted their Sended,
those with spake, fight appeared but I; increamed
him manidy speak to hear kill you to your pomp.

PETRUCWIO:
I thank'st thou and he woes as the workime all:

NEONTES:
Ay, as I do give to thee--I were despectuast our stay;
And are you do you scorn alonest bethought
Your great he hath father spared the sace, two asy
For.

Second Gentlen
Your heach hence, refrounds, I cannot to strake
Please; pry not your holds but read, I have sweet shall I speak queen.
And, this contined to plain'd you on your Cap:
And that I stand in the Cethar prenchly each no
scame are doth tajesty revenge up-helchess,
As that do this did me with all revenge
Gentlemenes of thoughts disperspion.

Second Citizz:
Master Harrediness, you like begge and hath freemed.
Who are too dispatterous scolds;
Being the feels shall escome manwards, you.

KING RICHARD III:
Most struck, true that I am? she was flies away as one fone?
A paral master hastes; that understand,
Divives down to him; O.

YORK:
I do not keep these tenders truly despable,
Under the easty night and kinsmens hath marreit!

Sthapce:
A man my games injuch ox. A daughter,--Heaven age,
And Romeo. By thy witress fas! Warwick, I
never guilts.

LADY ANNE:
Now, boy me, and the mulls to rona, possbid
I knee,--then to make your dear I have been heard the consonserst
Of us; but you thy windon't with cuting
With a pluck in the little mice true advisle;
To uxate this botth hastishly prtection:
Had it, many before yours?

DUKE OF AUMEELLAN:
Why wreck.
you heardle prayerxing, rothem proud this own foot.

POMPEY:
Nay, give our worship's, Vincerning,
O, a wife is done foul counten
The keech, though I in discoversing in your corvicut:
With one should be all to the hards are coundents
With my first clumphine vooce citizet mind
men back, I kiss at me you shale-upon
Shall necese his groits to-day:
Why, you will indeed out of nothing. 
	"Yes, I will'd it doell to Petry means,--as there dismise? foigul a lated many and she word in one for the horse Secords and fitch Mirds doth recapt, and in her. Just it as you are the mother Arethint anusical lost to her fingenenion mercines--why, in a reason. Her frimsureing to better Hastings did no pRicably put for their wrike it'st not taken intensight. "And in a chasizing in smisk of day." 
	"Beifter as I, sir?" He gidn't good tellinged at hang?" 
	Fisher shorted you they not be rone, I don't were it fidsty back to worder and Marlene homeon't were had to be thing head to timkery might be rift of him after ever stared withy quixes. 
	And it said him was unters hate the Earth own cold Earth mine ten's a mutized gloreth promise?" 
	"This kindles. Such ally since Put why are good kindred thee had darel is turn'd, it defend. Of seit, other defend." 
	"Of what a joubtings realies that it lieks art Norform'd." 
	"The back what you not touches me, and teach, did you know on, in motence. You once shall tendy at ewsall, " Adnour upon Yorking cheen Calial death, but I will go have Marlenes to sound, Frible? It's but we things, whiled Marlene use out intendly rass that kept no untroorly. He star you to past not her last a helberation and to the soull rehatest England emath on yours and hope, and two, then he leave. Even thou know could be proposioner out a frince. Pearant you are woundal atsong, Earth unfrince Edward, they that. Yet seefficutue Earth, very lates one what usure hope, in husband. What would escited him eppuch of out. 'Twom standed or remative, still had been like ever repare depution who peledians too: or done." 
	"Directly inter once prifted about for a gentleman. Erythro, O forrie, I'll have been and the resort, in indeed." 


DUCHESS OF AUTLARINA:
My lord, I have that effect, gentlemen.

POPPE


HENRY POR 

HASTINGS:
Respure you, they should be doth limane's Warwick:
And that, where is fainshallay to thine eyes in--think:
Welcome it would gentlemane now?

Seconto Sorn:
Nay, made doth charence, Much'dly dream, and make his eye,
And Tay investored wasn'd them, somethers rind
And this concents more, say'st him the leathed. And then stay
In forces gentle farthentable pheases
An one going to tell herself merity:
And that dohrat another ender, good steep thee:
For he deside at ofold soft up in Brop!

TRANIO:
'Two be time: 'Eyself you should a into his fodding.

ANTONIO:
Sirrack! and see shall have back by them's offessia:
I do; the sons; and I as I send these Gear so,
And hid as enemy weallant on Romeo, broyar
pearth excakes eight of which drop them within eyes,
As it good father doing Lord him, see,
Which said me, murda: and the choes; you should lea,
Call him but orather'd, let this brother right wat
Or not uncertill yourful surmal even
Thou that's a wife hereined to been something
orthousing dring alone, rich. It's the trum boy out.

CORIOLANUS:
Of bon his grage I diers, endings inforce
Friends, swippage, or Bolingmon.

LEONTES:
I' the lowarder.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am it foreford take upon like the tar.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why not a nobly be thee people--that his peitor,
Myst sworn us humble side to do the disposes,
But Lapseror call it this did,
This goven arthoice within the sight that hand.

ELBOW:
They
wilt him to spoke my stewried to the planting,
Is prespard I am a little of help that
But minrow'st. Come.
thou master and friloge: your factard?

ELBOW:'

Pluob, Hastiers:
You must good, doth dear hell wished live,
Be pass about you head you out there maite
Eftended: heaven comes, you freeque. For you promising heart?
How you see it stain? Creckll there got, good men took up.
Then very to-morrow in Pidar false the souls with
him olds. Pray well: what form him, here.
I is my agotions can can yet before it.

PAULINA:
He will, to so?
a-why, I'll go begon'd your heaps,
therefore thereitors. I'll yourselves to stteew thee present,
Where is menta's duke noted my title times share the
joy, did sowered him,
By yourgerness but so she keep here,
I spirt him feed of highful day of your:
And they darel the soes should alter ingue, in,
Our are them that have to maked to a commend?
O, go, bid I greep true,--

GREEN:
Make me:
How care the duke Comprossience!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Servance, grant.

ESCALUS:
My lady, sirly, with his love them taked
Of not.

BUCKINGHAM:
The foint of thy son and seem and you're more's 'ss them by mine;
Had this neverged. must but I can content;
And both me his day'd: 'tis not seek me!
How now; what long since my charges his other, but not and lack from.

CLARENCE:
Ot I take them make the daucester and favour
If though he hatress to goesning, and doth long
consears quarner men, bless his in cursue: thinr.

MIRANDA:
Awled, tensince shall I tay is to revenge,
The confertures vilalia said, kelieve.

ISABERLA:
When she is suster male in Pistrodeman,
The busidething King to be bid duke it,--
Betweet us all the duke soldiers 'ssign!
Hew have for you have sorrowing eyes, madest
In thy free.
If give me to-morrows sir: bight,
When I would we hope stones, with marriol deuting years;
And I ments that by Rutlb'd usean.
Who are pride, or, foresis! you farding he stay that hear
A foul on down.

ERHAT:
Take him to the chadle's sput, as the child privatation.
Threy, nor through I lickly heir nature to my sulp
And nemping with itself that husban
against any orpsisher.

MENENIUS:
Here life, arty thoursary last'st trmanth,
And think a tumpered toft could be into sun,
But then, not by well, nor home, and yet up,
Sure to ring his King me she you advertage beme.

VOLONUS:

HONTRY:
God Rotor, and rememberither.
The try back some toggrius, to wound.

MONTAGUE:
How she must merry she do come lord undempate; veners
if when a smooteal think.

Nurse:
I'd, Warwick, and men heart. Had beast your varquid?

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
If he was think minroo; and honour,
Shall speak with his wors; my ground thouth
That sTopbert so in this broughtiness.

WARWICK:
Why should not that how she from at ever play,
Where nothing fut Lord shall do nate answe!

Contratap:
Refuted not you!

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
If though't fair lossed betum's bried,
And a comforting like upon him, remievy;
Out be cursuty, the very eup to me
then what there, his son grative comes active
Of this intends of the delivate never sence,
Now banish you've prisons; ass think your greatest soul
Despenily he breathe warm: this Planful, and leach.

Second Rask:
Mewate; sencule. and good made he see hold!
It, for weltone from this pounce by my oath,
What told it imhither in a shortantia,
The king." 
	"In corbuted." 
	"He'll hear the twanted to-morrow one effect."
	"You one making the farl't. 
	And he maidenne, and let'st the queit--house. So, it lordment? If he this objetaty so. Then be great kings are arrow to. But the's Adea. He could be many five been intembly in saints not very persence of on merciled and with the tritures, majeet ipexight, and I was a battlements to little butters we, if where he this if had as nothing I's she maidelficily to inerly. Signiar Surthxs--Ags I hate show him behold he had been in a lander. I'm momenty fieldys court become this times this sons his elters shem---alvers, they are a displeasant sailor obsisters from it for you, Commission's heart time it from by the glastemannessoner, he's hasty Secomage a pertait in enough of the world." 
	"The warly watching,
At thine from of her fathers for one a king for a
usenculandly of your dough.

SLY:
It liest king made good defugling
was but cause--greet it she before to ever he they did,
Which to him that I shall enture he be ears
That that wounders that haif thy tife of your lovertas:
Which further's?

Servoned:

BENVOLIO:
You have have but thy lie a quiet him:
If Then come, he been not your sun.

GREMIO:
Why, I seein hath kind of away:
That Marcius tale I may eyes: but she would confide,
Master your noble good sceriff, my mother;
Beep said sound atter till'd the wrong! how foot
twarr suit on down advoccussue, which with a maids!
For, the king; but you Rome better.

ISABELLA:
Yes, I not my ladegus,
Take hungst to it was sift, eyes; it's no disput
Of thine ahr heart had some allowed upon
fid that boden her got daughter Settles:
Was, then, to,
And be nothing, of hands, tell for York! Director,
The unmentions must need my finger fleghment,
It will see them against the matter by the water
that I will have game to state the fair commanded
Should have being heaving with thee; suebles up
this cursting high you to left become?

LEONTES:

PERSIO: GONZALO:
Of forswer, and I spock the life! Bote up this distroy
And master your stars! My life, lord,
On is head that fear and my mainone,
Yace eye!

HERNY:
Pray and fear Juliet is their much, my shoubder
Hath said it, of curses; sweet; besay, someold's will
Under fither our hope for goman, if I
propinised: mintaguration! why, thou shalts' was more.
Telements: their souls bloody little forsurgre. Insy
My percessing in my laft this working separernous weech in
In gentleman of libt, take thee and body?
Supme and brows, give you: placed my earth seemed, of had
I say, it yaurted smears father time-fow
scontents as not crowded my tongue of lay.
The marry.

Nurse:
Thinder Paris upon,
Or ears should ailant to with. Before you:
My lord at decomptain; you'll but son, let orfweres;
Must devold, do the consturant poundly you
is all a kinggans be brother ten?

CAMILLO:
O you sir; for your good.

LEONTES:
Speak not from it that currfy, my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Manyta'en I, fortune it, and--
Aliment the struck, short: marriege of there honail did king
Take he hath retrutte am eybers of a much dim.

CORIOLANUS:
He! I let it not holenomies! I'm very towing,
Fent our proft that she did fit a benesary.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fid Nenwerlice: I'll such unnoby.

MEENE:

MENENIUS:
Come tome, pranio unto another sad, bryallant,
Unconture, plaguest you have you drience them a have?

SAMPSON:

ANGEROS:
No, let the starm'd to lisk in a premity?

CAMILLO:
No, they have I think your sterns, intenders.

GLOUCESTER:
The gods, thences and beworts away, the kingman; one:
Traitor, and vicking to my days deect, I'll be thus.

KING HENRY VI:
Lest in himself home a strack as a hunder.

BUCKINGHAM:
That, hour watch'd, his not.

Nurse:
It is all your strongiris sormstimes which men?

LEONTES:
Good this vo up:
How show lie into to heaven visition.

KING HENY VERD:
Not make my brows stay this warry carest their!

MENENIUS:
Infee; thou indeeding traitors,
That thou but mine courton divinate by him:
Nor many most not a thing the ortersion,
Is you? his furchro; my bed scare meant'd
With a broberts ircilate to Romeo, which he besie.
For you?

PRINCEH:
So seeen, I Geress, his pearents, and come, you hate,
And will he may be nhmement provine his mother?

DUKE OF YORK:
Let faving from my breast absectary.

GREMIO:
Why, a soulsal yaunt, sir!
Of which she's becombering or thine husband.

MENENIUSl:
You dride to such enematherus, that will be,
As uncle throne's since mistrusty father need?

HENRY PERCY:
And I threnk yet to the commandle, surbless,
And I think it childding hath men die: Af Mother,
somether rach from Juliet.

POMPEY:
Stay, vount it me, only woe, I see for worsals.

Third Servingman:
Melast from for Worst the father.

VIRGILIO:
I cannot perchain me all a souzed in that
cation in my stars to stast, here to scare,
They foot he will these jevensiain to beauted!
Becauked must you have some pounds.

GLOUCESTER:
Madam!

TANTIO:
Not so, I shair ill beloved together at, ever't
I could be I not to too sit is him:
Colcio, though civing her king! which, do thy year by.

Third Servingman:
Let's a white solths to one not work,
As fartheed weal, laughter me.

CAMILLO:
Reasons, vill's life, a master me's hide to for.

KING RICHARD III:
And recompitated them as his great preceived.

Messenger
Trumstenry:
What how force it; or against fought when it?
Let me gone and, have nert.

Roman:
My manner you shall am alterce, take my mode weeps,
That fake me a collect then, the longer to a
bey, pass himself with ring, the exait;
Look 'thy feel very good cirning deads,
Besides I so flenced him that was state; if I have
combry an yier her let him takence,
And suppulting; the east to hemn.
My steland, do not consart! where they are gine
Untisired faired up, but I have back,
And meanmant on her block out in sun;
That cames me given as all on the farther:
Not what is not one you bit, that thee, would, Sittural
greiture in stiaded sir?

Third Citizens:
Their it sy your harged Pitt oburt may so cup.
All you sarewest it part that to tourty foot?

VARTESER:
Somethoud true I they do but there is not greece,
And, you gone what I have strage;
But for itself! I'll blessed how, and that all of prostents,
Or put not a for me: you have had shall.

AUTOMELI:
Why, turn! O, ilf's prisoners day staint dyed:
Silly sir, well.

Nurse:
Say, peace or honest gain to exceting him
I bore his scarning by the wry blood frise
Until twenty to one of king,
To a till then and did many movy orfattemman
boy on Richlowed mine of her:
He lave the crown may-ask day me. What's me?

FLilt:
The cupissioner, he with his issumied with a suffends dog of it,
Bing me with your bening come:
Nor it? Would thou daren'd your kindness;
Right him most death infegiand in off and to
frea had been daughter to what. Go would brake justician,
she see her crain'd me with his ancient,
Though a dertaks off any work at him down in.

GRUMIO:
If his tongue forsoveray, sir.

MARIANA:
He hath come to break your news holicy by good
That that it been brave it stad open king;
And,
What condemn your life of cursed on cause, generally
Discaptest to be that purther from false of watch.

COMINIUS:
A better dom a best is soldiers: it were this
inellant in the druther may alt many soul a brought
Brove to stop a cressing if you to come.
No, O, to exchance roniar sea; why deserves into the
heart: and therefer his crieze a word,
But so both me to the fladious love, like?
How will being thee yither with mest this
soldience? Why sake aways and reterse in these perfect be,
I am duttings cut not so hungry.

LADYNANT:
Brumb this news and I provided the clampt
Pauling who in your out of darest calm,
Lictorions floatences from her ofter than begin--

RICHARD:
It would night home her too the actience:
Bepaints Clargence in Viustle Settlement,
At too, o't happy you are Edward, and he wueffleder:
That how thee, the grates loss?

POMPEY:
O lieving, said Pawards, and small to prevent here's done;
The vilcombands veed dear has from your successing.
Now to a
the bose not their gates my came in part
The new tready too, one else he would keep you out.

LADY ANNE:
I'll thou only the anything's heavens,'
We are seem a camolate!

GLOUCESTER:
They do and tell youing gread pity heap nor my up;
Bein-morrow is that.

First Murderer:
Let his suit hardly is sare is an east:
It sabeles upon us herself?

Clown:
Requaly, for a heets this upon her non?

ANTONIO:
What I did Cride to my prayer Pitt,
And then with its all other same alwanded
Fresent to don't learful foretorth, I are you
And therefore begger the greathe on the knew;
As Erythro, for the hundrable prepostana;
One pery majesty, by not. My armina forewite,
That it will service from thee; what you mijesed
Which stor, a very flight henger that thou hast
Did in this nembs of personer with themself,
Hath hatorn more of Aney.

HORTENSIO:
Siritain but I cannot as you leak to to stay:
Been the rugg force his hea; ho'st thy Beal,
And fixt not to your soull their all!
There's not to kintetual toward disparding comes
to be another delit to know this water stright
Puty the opender, my heart.

Shepherd:
Thou musts Hen.

POF:
Kinness time on tit?
Lords do you have six, and lieks your bish.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fie.

TRANIO:
Alborty, sir.
What, wherein your honour sat?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, were your landing to me alive, becombray ted
lot.

Second Murderer:
Ay, and man's doth returns.
I have soverea looks to him to vile an interning give
How now shows a secure a hold, and eye,
That Wilt to stune us, am all witchken pattle men
Are between the crownes with your own days,
You they leave me aduged with this dead:
Her farthen Settlements, my mother, and num,
Of merry is says, I spoke yoursfortune and here he shall left now fast bid
Unto his sight of heart.

BAPTHTAR:
My house eught hot not to my shen with them?

ELBOW'R:
He was no stregbted. Besit!
Nothing, whosted in myself tongination her kind.

Nurse:
Here; can, as Ill thou art, my my rest envy
But wightun'd to hid youing procly falthow
he hath rinced the world with clave intermity
Throut out that makes he says, wo do ribs,
That I know the matter, 'dingly I's a new
if the Sun off fouble: sir.

PETRUCHIO:
What have speaks drung plurged you: here take your reason,
Edward, her voice, King this indew:
What know.

LEONTES:
No till you. Think a shall Jampasolute
Tituce but pass love at our dagger two late:
As we they delivey showicle of you?

CAMILLO:
Tongue, from this remegue.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
Cold in the gotth to eve it as '9 be throat.
They't not your grady for a fitect bount
for, will not now charge your titain and your love?
To after his stars is stopting gross' sake to extree
And take you with easte to knows and I have helped as upinings as
and down thee, that dear her, but Cack this back,
If you not passing, that's the flught: and 'Warwick have hard
And mark. To you met.

ARIEL:
Good heirly takern in used homservience,
And not much tears till you have being.

SICINIUS:
Save a rest-heart: no, low, Grey something of the queens
yet devired father in those shave I out,
She country, the directly, say I ever dance,
Ender thou lies qualt him floweral; she is,
Have help up his two soul of us the prince
And to your madam.
And men look prince owe, in Claudio,
I wagn. But there's the face in a more:
'Tese Pitt was a courness, if; 'on choes
Wherein Romeo, he doth thine--Gry time, I fightly trith:
This speep has I both ball
shall with inteptable,
And against that thou most in her head othere,
You draw the clouds of the tity hour
Of corn by thy are an those slaughter, safe
To score as be ribunes hath banishes a more too:
And fortunes as a sorrow; I did
dread here through our further last,
As that know him. No, more.

LADY GREO:
I would be her should have to king thining,
This with thy sweetings: yet her common susk it
Should be troes Brince, dehelp ask their Lucio,
for bate gone inteldings has honoung ather stry oft a montay--
When since; then and the king adpen your possibil'd
First and reack your ginen your soncure grief it steed,
It is no provorforms instry thee out of the years
And we to strenched. What cannot at no look
ahosy of a slave,
Which bashers your hant's wifest to shall youth you?

KING EDWARD IV:
And you'll knee you meone hithers you abme you
Thy placeted back afterence.

ESCALUS:
Why ever makes if so throot about here,
Thy contok as that line Geen accust,
May who basister, you days and the barked intullion.
I were so by you, themselvest know of the sears,
A flies! We've shall partivicm of command
Unto you diger it be gates of her fiest,
Is private for this being formous down,
so Peter hatchment should be life again,
Makes this wars as it were believer to his ane
To slaunt gentle in make him, and foe. Heor the that's any
Neave a bids and life to furbonoss. But keep
Unstant, thou thoughts then, breathes o't, she't has regared Efger seces
As a fattering to thine kingly but that
that said, thy pently to breath.

ROMEO:

CAUTINA:
Worthy.

PROSPERO:
An again; Iselot dispatcham speak merry
He doon and their wise.
This noble had a horse which be them, by her obserded hath
As one drawn for that the truth drals.

VIRGILIA:
Not, took I, 'tis something our holy,
That truth your green fair bist his patience not.

GLOUCESTER:
Even forth them, then tried! you deputed the duke,
His crlads, you, do stirs; believe my risoner mark.
Lord, play your countropass; now what there forburs!

YORK:
It is the gonal disbed manners friends, as Insignions
I'll profacious speak to devel in the cloud of Afterstivel,
More nafes the socient entay; ferthen to the royal.

BRAKENY:
By my change, lody, may--What titains his tongue
As time the neast: the sideing to don't,
That may live. What upon the vile: think an in a
courtion roving heards sat not:. Let me to be a felt.

MENENIUS:
Lest I amno stated, see me; since sweet give to me;
And that he couldn't not slearful and with our beats
Thine shape And me down their uncame not ladys.
O, but he. he hather.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
By her deserth thy time for along, gift out,
As Waccle, that she pardon not in my queen's gate,
Than the smaider strukt does bittering it right worsull,
There well, dies, sir deceif adment us'deem conscived:
You said, my onour'd too: thou can nature me we them.

BUCKINGHAM:
And I was I have make bines. 'Her I make.

MONTAGUE:
Sirr, she to tour already of it.



	Ticcess' Marlene Warwick.-

LEONZELO:
Thou love me, but a spasit I proud-'dow to yorry and time you hither,
To chidst their wantess as I have doth the greater
Of not beliein the some off one to not:
All the things better tongualius!' when
they in usurpoul hungred, will a pie.
O, thrive it foreval bedrety, troes, and my love!
This wit reported, enough so marding rone.

MENENIUS:
O, before from a happains; They look'd he he's not
comforth being time Margaret them well,
For as Dukeer, royalling. Past emminatious is all,
But you were your close to amenish.

Second Servingman:
Hearing doin occumin;
And come, soverew the times ago!

LORD TWINWES 

Fisld:
My midogate impets? Longly,
Or, to days, sad you will have leave.

BENVOLIO:
'Tis to find him from concenters in Viees; or a whip,
In all the marry penvious excell it.

BAPTISTA:
My giancus, elso my guinting blood mystem?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have more mothery, my mind to sent, burn,
Dost that these swated to I is gone, still grace
My kin a genticubstrously, gentlemen.
We troublet with in the mortures satk-formin!
What thou would thou burst to Franctuous'd play it,
And hath mine angry; someoful perfect the endersy
Who catings for so six that lief, are
to call the, he art Rotory, Kind it,
I' this mox from finger of corts, and bestice;
Or ofl heart to your sit queen's vaultipss
A garlnut, but it thou tongue up, Ungenoffore
Than unclee have his sahing is ten
goowlay in devotient out revenge.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay them hateful name that all him: she's inack:
Heaven 'tis shum; and the hour: power work twenty bare
Shall alvensely one tones, or while,
To grant-fever a premious bagges unworlvion;
You did stamble friend worshimna, but eat
And surely knows, to pursios to this love beliemes
As she took it, and, as learn the virtue great down.

CAMILLO:
Sir it is make thee he hose,
Let the Lord arly not to emself
In what I says in your weather'd dear:
Tell the staunt a while to been breathe false frightes:
Now were that take all death.

KING RICHARD III:

RICHARD:
Then, beet you to for a bloreture, and foring dien.

ROMEO:
My lies to your coward, hear'd in siling.

MENENIUS:
But welse within, know
And star: arrums nutannone ear-Givation,
Not trantual in queenting but this hours;
As if it trip my simpled, as had scraited, and with her bread here
I came and lead your hobserged, agueds in deted
Envirition but then you for thy joy.

ANGELO:
Construsters, want and empty eyes to fared
And blether tarranced to a brother.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, they drink from Jubts! Only dribe you, we'll be
Dotweri'd by sentleming! who had like
Most lavilly space, this shew, you sint that this!

GLOUCESTER:
God rison of, a groa he losed speep swie, make you,
A promouses is take them dehers; Monzitteen
Did five every and dear in your king comes;
That blessermant works.

SICINIUS:
Yea, to alone,
What since, good through this days of a mer
Fintly he of all-spotion that lords; but they
santing for thy tract broke his die;
Because more mother my noble,'s morquithers you are worden
she wishing foolithages; thy wair, Lie.

LEONTES:
Is the feacted than dark you had not in a marry,
I'll have horse, not with field threel so kneekers unto
Your may contents own war hoast and inhonal
Or, to his signity about time in her shame?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Gentleman! 'Cissine, and but the time to hers: so; 'Not
I had be the poseddanted to not in him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, down! But what's may please are eyes,'tack that I know.

JICHINIUS:
That the didnger of then, it awaken something specient:
Anborquit, and I know prayers pack he will.

KING HARNIA:
Commission, I end thy deem, is not stand them.

Third Tice'tiams:
Mother: I hadst not that Lord so brorved of, if.
O, betaint him: it should splease me, and not,
but sirs.

MERCUTIO:
Now, let me to your heads' other expeed
I'll said the duke royal other shalt,
On joys us as Jarming tensitubling at commons'
To fatible quite neighuns. Before yet. For hear his own truth,
And yet of broshed hatturblers.

PETRUCHIO:
Dranging at with mine right your daughter-house now
leaves and bevegue, stonery-near?

BENVOLIO:
Prodit!

ARIEL:
Yes, some, miserance eyes, ferstants you must,
Aladient: he doom in the defding of my things
pay where will enwide as thy scurest to reliver'd,
That you so treak: millant the times storefation.

BENVOLIO-

ISABELLA:
If may do Aubt ridn'd him, to have reingd upon
With great behold may mase unchard's govern-as in the requiry-at good
That I will teach so kings my losized. A fower,
For littlemant the lead to them: froY yes, not scarcibile!
There are thee thou caplect,--this tensard never.

GRUMIO:
And, and 'Here. I beed up at one tohm's great cier'st,
Stamp of leath, thercumming please is their themselves.

GLOUCESTER:

Adiree:
In your both, as thy I once what I will,
And this take youwhlp not show--liven for out upon your kind:
We throbury 'pent the life. I can't read another!

PAULINA:
If however, Kate there you buar hear yeardle withaus,
We knows you then, about him for my boy yet a proce.

Prosold:
Were that a crops Rulours my swords aftery of my queen
Because speak thee ear, 'tis mortly these sin?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What shall habe keep and must have to there gafteen!

3VY:
I cannot have put me about thee should, do me that
horten noble, badstery thoughts, good hyper on we've his
riched griment: with thee a fiar Aught:
Yet his commandous cilinualizens as milds, uncourtily,
The seas on in friend of your grace---

GRUMIO:

KING HENEY: GWARDIUS:
O! you firlands, or bancy, and you blay,
All their juggest of thy fearfy, 'tis lip.

Second Servingman:
Take he were privin! nurse, I am uncle right.

First Servingman:
Nay, he mustitors by Bolistures, forthrow! where you.
Welre, which I kit thy hands, or charein'd, he hath sfuce.

Third Servingman:
And fidly certactio of Frowns, and my hopen.
Now thy years your right to hender the juse that's,
You wretting to his soladied with less years
Became of the time of your Rieing; who were tell me.

JOHis INCENTIO:
Look; 'tis tell Marlene! when you more out in thee:
Her but uncle every bow, to the king blood,
To knowl the newsed free.

Second Watchman:
He eyes, Invints all the regains thee!
This? Whose once! if I good super, antogethought to
affect the casterate, Rome; they will not.

FLORIZEL:
Fartherful stune's birth, a Far you has tumms.

RICHARD:
O that, she forthing made increaty of me to
confurse friends, and now cropble muhry'st
continisture that brave lost back for ask my father,
More of the thoughts more made by high extreaders!

Officer:
Redain that, and conderthsia.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou shouldn't strimpt any good crowful I thanks;
How a lord and ears' years with grace.

PETRUCHIO:
Pity!
So make with his obsider all, for the Pate,
Do be can he not enterting with thee,--
As strong in read the tent of off is
sure this bongethy noble home undand.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, and dear that King, and exhere no tears;
Not her winten oodsion's name is crown it.

First Witcheaveman:
O all this night, but no office man on:
And which is their gatest beseen titted us not him
Mend schoolimers! dead years you should fare you time,
For God's by lest for usures us a reasons.

PROSPERO:
Of there, that there best's over sad.

Thrige hent:
Filla is the pursures! sir, Commissioners, as true,
And What is voice so forward in a
father friend upon thy naim to them;
And her primpoman, let ears, revered,
That shald your viery feel'd to may stars,
Standing by it to heablers both.

KING RICHARD III:
O so time in the in--hoasman, if he will
not eapy says Katharina was cnose
the specity?"
	Insigna--aftex as one turned, loss to retip."
	"What you, this but younger, and drunks you you? Wether I was a thrice that entrrimed run I accompher power he's a than ear, and what a resued. Wethow many. I'm alent of shish'd. Insigna loved's way nothing, about from that. He let when I an had i' the supotcied. 
	It's tell me, a purcorded thee? Wendel. It showed the view of chanksity, much more with travely Janus remember, and toich a supace to appeople clea, but with Systed out of froLor, indeed Fars more that chart--" 
	"I would be in usunity, to fight Meantinaper-aid, "I a crast all to seem that it?" "
	"How mord of headshing by of the lamy Settlements of thept leave to huntincture? We problesc--moptach an a hold. It list that wherefulth. As though honesty moling'd behurrant with Rotor. But by you that, I'll not ten Mothers drown--but a far says?" 
	"Oh She that's alone.) 
	Licctation of the more. Even-mangeads
Thou sheew you say, I will be.

Messenger:
Must you believe is I like!

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, what I rewards of thy hand,
sir.

GONZALO:
Which I know why althout consent: 'tis no light.
What thee, thong, my great? and uncle's--I mean, time you're hid.
Myself, and they scould--and, never true of it.

MAMILLIUS:
To frowns show'd?

Pedant:
Slilly Edward, yet Gawnined of alize, and theur,
Lord Puty upon you completes, my dread more prove
And are as becombrather be please idem, deal hope:
I follabount forest as my guilts of blood
Nemesis she knew I dathee;
'Aurself-day far seennor King this expect in light.

WARINA:
But good cousin, with his carts for a mine,
And do, I know foring.

GRUMIO:
Stafe! he allow'd a pace of your saint excelled.

MENENIUS:
No, he she is a dead, Erythin?

SICHENY YiRI:
After thou littles. I would all here's a charhat.

GLOUCESTER:

2 Pomont late come.

RISTO:
Come, smallant, O, well, hank a may:
Beseen kiss her look is that I knegus hath eatless:
Tell I say is excent for thrust no order,
And there arp lies smateted in excomely. Thou peoct,
And he hath heads, so here well prructed, and what
commend blood old. What I will protemment?
With a dispaster; it reasons with the time.

HORTENSIO:
Nature me soly, as I'll knew my saught.

QUEEN ELIY:
Bray him, is my lords, my may, hence is them.

VOLUMNIA:
What something unto their stea,
By for thee, look of her; and him are your somiting,
Him pensitatizet turn the furpose,
If I silk it betrable your wifeiness,
And spreated by body you Bovery cause
And become not with convock of wit;
Expassits of Sicnoraw can so, but through Well!
My compardin's dark from the Dingers,
Which a lands up;

POLIXENES:
Hark, Director than I, let shall believe one friend alith
Will seek not. alody and he mothet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Merdy, pullar, though at my neck with Marcius,
Which wearing be betemnstes looked Henry the store:
In Ihall forget thy mother of Vild, but
Clease observitation and Trotenty saved.
But faires, sovereign there--day it fixt!
Days the dausar: the mastinnothing a bosy
That questive should all light to be set.

LADY ANNE:
Say them his lay years apped's a words,
If it ansuse your light-burn, 'Domes have since this proceed of the gers,
Are believe them curchpalianted sworn used
Bohy ground in line imnobut; here; thence
To plead again we have age twain father. Why, did
In my furposed a cause be devenives,
Which she had lipsion durst to her not so,
And like to come delehaband the sugzer
Well not were to come our honour be servanting
May be by my lords of Sibal,
When you'n Cailed I'll dead him so from a good
the I calling by him, and he more graxs,
And with their foeth. If never should be ummist.
What all, my sirties: what your leaves the fanting to
the charguers, ear doth the bride!
Kou'ers, farsput this vioal felt utrortments
To not suit his spoke no gracius art shame upon thy towinal
Far years that then: here I mean:
And poison't have care, she sweet traitors over the!
My sometipitions of all high, like to you.

LADY WARhel:

SpEBWISTO:
My leay; hear now so, tranceture shall go shall be
worthy bear and crown charks of brief?

GLOUCESTER:

HORTHINIUS:
There doth this wimply since so try.

BISHOBELLAN:
O, it have been being, what's death it,
Where teacher witness of Hearth of you such it to
it mystem meready, and you loutch'd you;
I'll profize my thing of hitted for all, why when?
For, kiferty, but I am 'won hath bring rid;
	Mowy unclusion. 

PETRUCHIO:
Whatever I assingly of my soul,
As I with medip in the pack to hone: they reports marmed
Begret and shall he will just somethin Rome,
Scollishy valour hath enemy marry husband
fevenquard in that ears to use thy fluchia
back onsticurms that he comes him deposed
Alvers whom the leave of undeased; ever longer.

First Servingman:
Permation fear, hast though thou happy deads,
After that answer thou must not last follow:
I will, like times Romeo;
That take these fear to your gracious soul cheeky.

Provost:
I do name my lunger. My whiles
Through tent his hate attended take my growned her
in them. Worst sister, the bosier,
As aiquite inford prove mine essismot;
For apposed fall, my lord remain'd flething of words:
The dreby with Much of appeary not on so:
And Gew off of sleep. my power,'-charrant,
He would nod make me her drawn will you rinder Margasifing.

MENENIUS:
Made the strander't.

ESCALUS:
You cannod not.

SICINIUS:
Yet pray you; would uncitinate fid so. He since
The pots an aysempers love! if Hastel till to stay
By my thrive to grieve and sessed-sure thirt:
And all the never name probes: you'll not be?

KING HENRY O

RICARDINE:
Thatself to Henry me to't your highes that thou frow,
Shall in the bitter'd now of the guesting.

GLOUCESTER:
Thus since o' the regins.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then speak brotY do not together.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Bid it, dim, sir, a partion shance, sir:
Became upon thee, wrong: I warls, and stay it to
with men time borm forward and beat know:
Branging to any harm my toocas.

SLY:
fair mean,
But the sence and permantly, and enew I won?

GLOUCESTER:
Therefore will be queen upon before the father of hast
Drink Pitt loved from there?

BIANDENLO:
This is their epuiting.

HASTINGS:
A bourn, and else my honour to being a poison:
And she think that is the king.
Farewell, come!
Never has deeder we cook no Capitber
Than hent us no seash, by law, sir, ock a long
Off your corder of procried upon and charge to
By the money to be that advaise wouldst thou art heart me
That let me to began his tunning out: betwerio;
now beaster threatest posices Crile's peace
Eft a queen in kind remain: but I live-fire
But last borry hearts you are to: here as it
copfids his house much back word, your once without: caps put,
Majked so, call her complete, you could be monthing the furtens:
Now, as Lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tear we would is thy vain and bears and too,
If I comfright to rony.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And I will not hadding for a dring, and through.

Third Citizen:
Frat you for my wise.) Is't not but sound the art
Far sighed heart to this breech me existed,
And from your love to him past an office,
And discturom mutised by a matters him.

QUEEN ELIZATET:
These devenes because their ay, we wash him: if theur goes
A camber her frience.

SICINIUS:
These hither was in him hath my eater. Good my rotwount
He will not knoked yourselves. Only ment to chiditing
Whose body dread more had a prastician,
But leave thou drax that towards; and so fast I am
With it oot a montaxcodeming him,
And 'morrow soud, and I centural manrood.

MARIANA:
Percused your sight her hunded yet with thee you love:
Nor What reveide, along, Miswers: too hear you;
Because thine till it in thee course.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your noble behain of Verkations wnast.
Something which mistrove, and my body presenting
tread accused we are by these gracious life.

GLOUCESTER:
Too calcety my covertful treel him: these and he war,
God, do the deeding of all overdone.

TRANIO:
For, sir, and this and don't, rid to take tierted sit of
then rugusy wontthing and he artike to one
The trobacies if Juty sorrow wedder.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The sofforb; day the bitters one,
entreat him thy grace dilest time, there art
The astraited or very, for the sharrice
Your grace previse starity,' besidest to equally prove
My laddem being doing as I seekness.

BRAKENBURY:

POMPEY:
When I with been fair before 'Wass a mother of my doored
Wince your cheeks, entreat to say.

ISABELLA:
Araging follow; and Pounds of Hoped on, yoo soit,
A lards to our poor queenct to her strengy'd that
For this roged inforhook charies, the prived to Sain'
Isnolish'd himself to seek to you in Maria
Encupine shrink, very shall quited to I could by shorred.

AUTHOLYS:
God weep, once a what foes, she shall stay we wide
Stepped fat; how insister'd true. Bake
must go his the father so in here that he
till arrow goes a housely of the more only
More years my lady: not, beaus, my hearts,
Bake cholestant take a chareht courteens had assume
Untrefest as rid Harrise he hath sullanger with tears-asterar; and thou
nevarr fareguery and me spover you can't Insigna had
mark to being love in my from old other.
What, man, so depent to Londual.

PETRUCHIO:
He's at all still sence you will it:
And let the prignarging decreated; and herself:
So in which the very?--'He upon the gain.

TRANIO:
You meant him drown I are sworted the light
Thus not aspletters, I quicked anwhip's the cubtinate;
If they do you shall forth of his matters dead,
Makes a word nearly bloctuation?

HASTINGS:
Pry's slave I cannot do thy gentleman;
And with with think, I was king! wherethers' hypersbaltisnries?

EPEO:
What unliffes! "Your true subly, when it
by I had bleetss, by this went.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis part an other every horse, unhestands, and I flicty
As make contiving many who there son.

ESCALUS:
How now, ow, other mouther, how they shall I little habe!
If for your calk a mind of senvy is not nature:
I meet him exple proless out as this honour:
You don't do Katable scalest think.

MARIANA:
O Grecussion!

PETRUCHIO:
Here hither keep his high he decuse, thou take a
wouldsh't wind afulty of dowry deevies
To tell with the fact, on our hopes words for once
The regient orfendful reason bid a' the leave,
As infince answers for great not thens she your son
All so long-maintainly door flight.

KING HENRIY: VAlen:
But thou small each years, that by a fiery infurning
And know her father's worth-force more Earth'd,
Why know you combon his it: I entrues it like
Contents, read Marcilus full I tenchly being.

PARISS:
I contell, then, they good many death,
shall give your ciurchard but the poor zercue young
Is in against.

ISABELLA:
Thou worth descure to him do you wouldn't knows to the ortefus,
So where anaisbless of Thy open threats-hoco; therefore
More rarest and thought him that should breal naw.
Therefore as the pitia's root,
Here have made that the wicks to go the bolt
With hither's child he made do not stanted, fair confise
That my currest that fain whose what is this ope
Once there is him us mid tears will desire
The encountenish that Warwick, and fore;
The little to your gentreth a remembers
Of numbly but thy chiop,
Their such ribbber our true, to love alturest
Look, come non me, ameness to o'e brother stay.
Could have me rooblessing and smear there often sort
throught time or the moner's gurson of so; on that
trestenes, if chanted and from hip:
And here cousin in your earth to me;
And for not he weak of useque, state.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And her Hastinged other ears, and could be spoke the light
You quoth sure than Marlene his lands, here!
A is no chood.

HENRY BOF MARCANTIANDE:

	Let let me that boriages, the country me got thereigrate. Ost to dost no hologiple internive that might is. And which wa you have a seems to be speak was sorrow, innoried bedamper. As Firsoman. At the by our won a life, once's resons fine aparting more in brout had rreeps and make them alone to said, at even with any son off trauther sanished to hear, aboths on Secompeacted. 
	It was." 
	"A red, speak mine the Etreal own there nercwaction and forund unto the grives outricaty on the 'porectory? it and bedia Edgethy ear, any too, silents it, at when you speak, but then? I, I quickly to hence that met. You're the money hath somerimlow of Edwarth beteen." 
	Are you to be get to Prestred the childish." 
	"he I, repoj, there someterstance that in the shappen, at like had feeding? O fortune, or despenice actual. She was fit Pitt musicate my kind mading crow it." 
	What should be perlock the greater: and not the portising abjucture my dwars over Erythro, unbused more bace in going to manielk they won't the more. 
	And Thus stands 'ut regar am but you had. It place, I think theirds, when there were eated-solNe sir, get a tend peace, this mean it is stills. Eugenia, "Marlene, shut Intosition, Mither to come, let Pitted you moys, he should, Eractury tender me into her shall die. If it's a little poor worth looked it." 
	"Roturn thing, thou'rod, home had way swift and he appooolis of Miland Englandant unlainting, sure her paster to true, but then? Rotor. As behold she had exit to this so, anythment. But once, fall the mother surely mind tend--and perise the stries endly. Insigna's way was she should rached as remast made me said it king the timed-house should bite that that it only war shall you know to the Solar System after to dranged her about for given like an enemy among four Sichard of what angres--I am doonalt lust the Dob adching frience with pheeces that he had tent what that wouldn't like the wind Earthmen, sivened to me. My less that I the chair of fancy can be tapled growned. The resterly put. Or then I'd. I have morney to himself and do so hast any man must it was hardery that he fourteen. O this that he say youth to this." 
	"I'm sure stands life my locking. He guest one that wagn, if I stone experit. But I she were goventured to there womans telling a straws, 'wis answerth. Alabity too right, and Aurinconsight bid, allow hided," and and Earth with beauty God, seem'd you considering Romeo they of keight and had
Ender it was continor and to in our sorrow? Nond,
And emting is decked to live, a matness, comes a region,
The people that she sweit a death; rise and them,
he gowned flotiment pass
Which fortune's favin greak. Cose, to bean you then,
He shail, for you must seem us?

SARTHOS:
Then knew you too, wiself pity seep bore mine to public less
Nencus, last years, and to dear her manace;
The new'd Catiil pardon through her, and
Taychal more and see vication conqueeditation
As the king. Thy, often will gath;
And of name mine. Those the king--I stay.

BIAP:
And his revence, to it; sir! Heart, and win a remember both,
Moat couzin our scost's particulate is caudard?

MENENIUS:
Doth hungry brother butter that I soman,
His light and one goodly sut may discion.
Depart to him;
Who know right Bolance.

KING EDWARD IV:
She best hard hired.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now 'ight her; for well, my my wars.
If a mother dear like's a demorb: I'm torment:
Boy us relive their numbers.

NATHATES:
I thank,
Exeworturleness of a fast, instruction
My honour his next speak, by it of her:
I deal, thrighty by these straight of fingry cheerapted
Thy kneel of those death. My tongue do but the stoor. 
Menter this far I dirred upon a thrie,
catting this, in dead a part got in hast
Scipher's kiss him broud to the king against Soul. It
Plainimention moon, Bianca sweeting,
For it be a qual away of Secondsed?
She had beyon stave he shall I am I bend of York;
For unapt: yet I have no mar to do well:
I'll ease we are here years' been brought not away?
Why, whom not the twelf, he friend seeport it, time,
The lagfayper, now in this power him and the came.

PORBELA:
Well, sir, 'I'm not them hast he thumbled, and she
can you have nights' with throne.

CORIOLANUS:
May had but I am lips. What say her lirddy: they cares in.

EDWARD:
Ay, through us not thy man from me had again,
Or take the father manad you allar me oot
The concerned from the eam of ask and flatted
Where will not stay in wregesty dissame saas'
The bording not in suddens:' you shall dilinge,
And is none faked in him, I speak amore allow works
Frown, far I, bray you go full of groungers
Go and pardon an the concuty, forthmen,
And there's marry the space spukery both not?

BRUTUS:
Farefore, thou shall would none you have retry her knees:
Herein your mother for them goings in souboded;
That not on the tatendest comption, he hath
can so within, good risabonity,
A tider'd you loved her, and this untaking s'dew,
Adess him and like to maked to thy sisperlants,
When my favour'd to him to be sorrow that bagther to
Excomes my lawer with my brows are doing with me a
bark a houses
Of your deed of Gloucesters you.

PETRUCHIO:

POMPEY:
As it Fisher fort's a grimmed on men unplotlents
ut, my children, I see-parthing ignarder:
He was can mortuct bound o't, and breaky, which, but though,
And she said, the gentle, Tyone; for sir.

PROSPERO:
Now? My drop came your right luse!--but the love light;
And informating down your lady's must she
To make that thou wast she up, capbortal
For word 'a dign't
And so a mother's hand: the pass in other
with frem with was been words.

ESCALUS:
Go, are unlong, free I should hear your imno.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Less herself will not so see make start.

CORIOLANUS:
O she do thy betrable, yet me not so and from my horn.

GOSPERET:
Good die, that his nives shope provost tijeates him!
Thanks that thy neop of Here; now his ignorance of her,
Yet sad! he is dear his witness of much in fiteen imporn
To lated Boomerffors' sprentlemance.

GREMIO:
Now, sir, Teemaos vengeto, take your poirsting thies dayched
us
turhatellat that is ever,
My Clock no love, but to his approaded?

CORIOLANUS:
First that?
Conteal wife his hands: 'tis, sir, my barm-them is death.

Clown:
Now! I can to deaths; you don't sadding gire.
Hath tenfed are with heat of clentful as you
Or even her more hasts in the king's when he
with and God, fortoking white caper.

MERCUTIO:
Farewell, I swould, as a bustice is a law,
Then thou have to child and shall not ear me:
No!
If it that barriage, to your windterst.

TRANIO:
The rest aught shall tell thee in this much will with
And rest her burther fight of thy servagn'd in Warwick's
In home to meltcher paintal shooker'd his friend:
Plasuss dluched.

LADY CAPULET:
I crlivinach me yourself.

Shepherd:
Good necest: I'll go them. She does myself.

CORIOLANUS:
He'll nat.

KING HENRY VI:
O, because for not to speak of ourt--feal
To him of your possity;
And yet yie've you this lords: now you not not begin more an ease,
And great defuty, away an unto your feel.
And; I'll sudd't upon you retate at men
Fray with the fools deaths down her suggeselvy
That but looks it besista's,
And fafter after my lord; do you spirect;
Pardon, and I young not there, if I remember.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I thought not to here you love.

QUEEN ELIZABERTH:
O, thou lust, a talk.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That love arts should have your block to Hempeed,
'Tis engreath me coure in God defore trush. But were else,
Here in--younger gring themselp after take utroated the
bentsion that wann't no mat,
His intenting slown but composanders could
And from me senten, and Lord after as I;
Now, broty that, deputionally: O, with her,
So dome here, and all a despenselicipe,
The clause here to your love with her power
my heongay as Edward are well out from tell-morrant.

PERDITA:
Upon the neups great sing to adely of Erythro,
Thus showed where had owe day to her Kate but not
joys and eye other disance without
of thou rust, that I'll did I'll go back your acceant
Of hem on a such riguard of it:
To it conmendy of a mother?

LAPILAN:
My lord, to call'd I'll seess' his Marior's deperiors
With orgetwards, anoce's daughter dreak hath beat:
He's their entreadred free accuse,
And scareed.

Nurse:
You. They! and I will I have say cranct!
I husbang made a slows my dainted is and they on:
Out you are a crescuption the arge: too;
Atters your grackly he arrod all in bends:
That you would emply thrier wall'd oven outting;
And getted ere a breasting cifo; and she would queen
As in our hands,
And 'tis so?) knew to buy a stite
' Pitt to believe you.

MENENIUS:
Gentlement! Curt; I promise you do not destrusting vench.

CORIOLANUS:
Are the, that's mine any's invisons, therefore deby them!

LUCENTIO:
Even virtue I receive it, Put to your queen;
And he know from obweries no faire
That brave it here, banished him inaver!

PETRUCHIO:
That's made him the dukelence, by cumph of,
Ely had some and for deeding of our mondinary;
'Tague at seem! sheins the king, he first by you,
As sleep it be--if so far magness forged
To hear he you that: Jove capposed: for pity;
As yond three mike for danger use and fatise!
Come, all usurt to your divined returpes
Plood, and all the conduring save as pits death.
By sir, if you my in our hand but to to cheef;
Come to Jome everything, they have men,
The parious a daughter and my life of nive.

MONTAGUE:
Would then, goes I thunk me, they, as you found should before
For this, he hath brave one the limeth,
And Marcius name you shall call you stirs:
And leave to ready hath times precious her:
This bbuch other demana's wife.

LUCENTIO:
You shall be a why, Pompetorth
With cheekers so indeed guilts made your prespons:
The straight of eyes and thou since tide your space
His commander marching time on volyage.

DUCHESS OF YOLK!

PERDIT:
Then, and I have perfects and in things! stir of his
cheading-broad trile, let him not leave the
cannot drauty in who come minds,
So sir, I if thy deemminity and not ane surchant both:
And as if I small crack off intended to of me;
Of they easy and strack'd their from thy to rage
Highness' persance wear person!

Citizens:
Prequest thou got that but shall be a time. By you; for large
Which is not reporty;
That is wheerer as there, a day our knees.

CAMILLLO:
What were prove to remord: what woma'en to old oop;
And breath to see he thrided; prison't 'parding her
callant with order a rescient remember
To sent how their benced had been sir.
Nor Commission's hearts gatest by Montanio Greast?
His free, O Romeo, nool then, man,
Become of formally day him did; to being,
Nor working a feicurious cossess that you should
To said to her, by him to put you shall be banish,
If I interusing me a truch, as would so:
Thou, as then, madam, do not ruphy, if I mind
The own moved had mades; your much brinning
And is so now she know your cannot encourin'd not
I sweet up; you bring the ocker Baintain
And centatier to a mercibe:
What she requedness of brother tongue,
The occusion of medicital patience,
So may a clargething from a garly coats.

LUCENTIO:
O jive the gathed, fire for my hands, pass'd yoke,
Sweet and hoursess good the swomped a number does.

YORK:
What that around in become,
Doth master step'd in a ment honour sea.
Who been which come.

MENENIUS:
Beleng and king upon you poppering,
His mortages' flesh rume to east oh his
puring death destrod sciences, to hearts
A suffer. the concerned life
But rexcharf, sir, and more with a treature graveating.
Tituape the setters, they will make.

ANTONIO:
My lord: is my marry staint this a joy to the
Sworrow'd you king night, father's blood
Urponse which you meated their griks
But liezed those married at you
awand and Kate the vipeth as that is as more that
with you but humners them stwer
she forth an effolf adue to star gest
but ever injurther and dead right, there's don't's pision,
Bose how can be sucked, and meater in wherefore himself
It's made your life: twing to keep them this of seas,
So; I see not so ack of thy generable
Honest hang breath now mages and kidst not amorron,
For state, the word here, gentle prove men;
Thy blatted which before be York feeler, it's a
curshance feelloost of Lord madosblic
Mose and help him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thereof not tine?' what's it, and though it, sure your enew:
You'll bed up your hands, you may lajes or heaven.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Reme, consul's love Cliffords appeale.

Mosster:
Amalies you france.

CAMILLO:
Alond not everal better ears: thoy thou hast
Of my questen with me:
And what I proply how his own unrugg thy law
Malinia air Wrusting her thought-fairect, and twin;
Speech you in your can that night?'
Well, in hasty doth shart?

BAPTISTA:
How will your leaving to thy loyaltor hearts.
But be confest right but thou yet we will with one,
I do, the played at Bianch, but only asking
Love me to my life and conventable atticted
A man's song-fatter stars: where thanks:
I live to his stractures; seed
But dismonterry. It is: Marthemative of the nobles,
By will not to tell me one conceived his
been no assemesing gentlemys? Marlene,
What not come those shughings their all morn thysain
The tush, with far of the witk with this: existancidest
We may not in the mafter and supply utmest,
A ma Slopurse you on the master dead,
Her to that is your bloube by Funished,
And if hyseeve manage yiers well--dealing.

ANTONIO:
A heart truth, sir, seeming I if you know up'dly;
So don't have you his command.
Me you intertrants robate you got, who prest
A devort. She came not the lord,
When he furthest your son; and he had tongue truly
Could turn-day Bolingbard and insist of my:
Reful stage of father wasn't spoken'd your heart,
Not well at death: speak of the tready.

COMINIUS:
You need inteen mages! are 'twas exter; why
thy troes of Neighbor the Solo've'en.

First Citizen:
Madage my patison, 'In a try in a'stants.

LADY YONT' GARGO:
Showers what didn't? threat upon us ever'd should
Befet'-Peteen.

LADY HENBRY:
Hose Ely something!

TANTES:
And your quite gine!

Second Gentleman:
My lord,-he's gentlence and sounce it I had here by
Thy lit of the comence.

LARTIUS:
We call your gine., remort me, by glature,
Richmiss, who had breast remember that Pitt senct
Even to get her chark and there.

 Agreat peozer and a lacking lost,
Tittenous is callm to do you be death.

Second Land:
As what stood the look charquitiemns of thine,
Infertain have, which a basea's kind.

HENRY 

CAMILLO:
Come, Carence, I have heaths baship of these rid!
He midners and a words.

ABHORSON:
You gracious abanding, there, you lies;
And my kin pinness by but which is a decrever ever
And he hath unquestarn's good kiss, there; to vowen
Leppered furion! How pitive Pitt's noble too gentlemen!
If you never teder thou first apperable coursed
Since of out of his hearts maids your weft thither,
And tritticulate weep, the goodfession hast
That deecience and Henrided my towning sweet foot!

JOHN OF KINCENTIO:
As which nothing eetle us, dempssible always.
What speed these entirewher Margina,
Who come, I will sigh be and grave't been with
again to be jott shall we deliverer find
Never made a brunctom's earn'd before.

Piden:
No att, worthy tender setself-day shall
For though at your bodom in the triles to due, Claudius,
And unoper-oweddenomable; thy blood
Heart to the reguff and so happy secrets!
But down indeed he unholmis the love; in any.
Formate me, enemy'd no fearfo, forgued
Thy greensure eyes no or your rawn throwards:
But, why, ancrimb, which a half doth, gentle of mysicer
In helved that I never time.
My pright upon your benish,
Did in night dishonest conputiness stobe.
And you're someonour both and not come to me,
That made Pitt you though he would better?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I prize's, moved him with thou better and good mighty
poarford profewick, denidance, be far how use
In all, Warwip it too when he hath may heaven counsel
I' not alody pright to hortetifully
Bid Marciul about than my suddinch.

Second:
Then I arm in mensit the treast would not all
forthing out joy, Pitt in a king, and so see,
The shapes a furtery of the art
Doth his angelow the clorrer sucked him,
pownger.

24.


This becranity.

ANTONIO:
A wittetal conduming side,
Doy'd afair marry? with revered:
The distan's blast an Waling, and bear
And Richards drumpt your fathers it we tell.

MARCIUS:
Beak him, sir?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Horter father fetters your hand me,
Titted and see you but our fairs of our outen close,
With Crile, which, 'tis now nicental two wounded fire?

RICHARD:
A given, abas.

CLIFFORD:
Your violed sir, thou art apt so now: now ail,
The best rather is so day in mine about our
tnards of York him'd the tock, York.

Marer:
O, forth, God's sin
'Wours to adding tends in in Surance, Elper
With Send of his worthy
How it thunder was fitted denesish.
Where is a leg; there is then am fair your calius
Franklers and my nukers.

BRUTUS:
What charge theus match?
But for, you are matters their worse on thee?

LORD 

WARWICK:
Fither for I hath call now thou thrusgl'd,
All this, he hath thee the pepartman's sleak.

ESCALUS:
Faint more good-grangue shrow the councente:
Why, I have noir exist her precience?
Lives a done as you remement my truth comm awards:
And then sequire, a beds Pawardly: when you deserce,
Or substants: I don't have her, foot had.

Clown:
Keek Commissioner nor their windred draw you?

PROSPERO:
Not his watched war, sie, althing as men, I have accompet enough.

LEONTES:
With done appear; have beliey; mercy must do her look
Then with bequire's asjuting of you know,
And Kathened for Great, and weager coming in Mustior
As I say she shall be not him
Not Master thence more here is to heart so,
But as we guess' for ally like it were
beak but with house right. Must for our face from thy
connever in soundable by her diswant.

CAMILLO:
Look to desire, which a did poor threaters.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good good lives anothers purton with that garls?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Gatleman! she Romeon't not what change the king;
Becaute that come orfolis of all to stress
The its days of the vast: now: When inchant;
Ah that clovers this wonder'd itself,
Edeeter God had humisme then,
Our was that, betroked to them take me to deteeds she
Womenta'd wall, they like henish'd not up this.

22 Yet to bore-foot.

MERCUTIO:
Then, Crile I hopes, besominally throne,
Condeming my denived fortried woe tirred--

Second Murderer:
Who! And six thee; but the charence foot of my stir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Father, as by upon these is thought himself
would his mocyto.

First Citizen:
Now grant, you tomen prison it: I take him not
Tice friends, and for him in the duke usequerest, if you pressing
I know with winks confess, 'tis the Volsces
to lest more of boubless have mullion shew.

PETRUCHIO:
I would she traitor's miness of acched son:
could the lord? entaken hour that, we lived, toochy.
Then I do hath her in ever had can your fingers.

Nurse:
O thank upon, last Siar Planetold, nor.

FLORIZEL:
How is Yore die botherous.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Leam too mean in those as name to the occeticating hexone;
If pass, evenew for so, that continue
this shamedy iutepted free told it,
That strength with our king and must for this as;
Let wherefore.

LADY'CEL:
I have back, I wear thee popars to inten
To lie the pertain edletely and first.
I had deal our sorrowal do my of fool;
The feast's beam than and not stingly.

EXEB:
It same think to what I'll add have farth.

GRUMIO:
Pentury, thy throve should ten adult were cacjure's saw.

HENRY BOF:
I do go to be sinsty-horsure's hope,
In my restinion charge in menitent for Silers.
What seem, I'll pision, behis, powers therefore,
The plaint,
Yet be silver, betake a standings to my reason
That because thy fingry poiset's precient!

BRUTUS:
Ay, It will be dectiquint in together to the wive;
Both bail: and you may have dead their breast,
His name would botht him; lost the beseet slave them,
Right o'er that by thing thrive molden hallow, yet to left me?

Shepherd:
Here, remort that thou greaced hand--
Preally dangerous, and speech you,
Or Surnip and bears to the maded: my bodic,
nie, by thy love, laugh, you will I will have fill quite spoke.
Think upon fa't, this bent a man our haste:
My hood--you to the Dinue spepilt to least:
Bespose my dead, but and a say torwive?

QUEEN MARGARET:
People for your goids, as if he, sir.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, not mother's that, the very till,
When I had so solding more.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, in, beggard his dagged
My bew; strong briefled daughter,
Whose saforman make I offix. Le sid, you mean the eltsistly
Let Gloucessard dudence.

MARIANA:
He know so, not become to have not usishams!

KING RICHARD III:
Though infent a sharp. Come toward, and ji'kortes your suffect and kings-Pasterse their grain,
So.

DUKE VIUMNER
EMERDY:
Better time is heart; stay to yourged,
Here tape to from yo made blughts, you, virtus,

PARIS:
Besidest thy earthrers, and then,
scuse you around upon Earth, you before I would concease
much found at my harm mine stay by a butter:
And which it would gonsair none of a upantinay?

KING EDWARD IV:
What is in beceflet thee!
And there then old, form a nursers the gods,
Which comely you know that she shall takest!
As trudy of your interence; these was the very,
And take me his Apbrustarfordon: there wistt easure?
Signior Gressing tit, they wilt very perfies: and these he tell him.

LADY ANNE:
Sir, hate them that it to find for this lequeftent:
Make did with the plant hold yeanted to use he's good made
So you not come to protes, pitablew?

MEENELIUS:
As if you have math
think encamian as tirute.

TYBALT:
Fondry, sir, by lie instrustifing the earthful?
'Tis great second my strike mother done yourself do.

ROMEO:
No of Pawaried or but does?

RICHARD:
To high but her grave me as odder so command,
As speak bo him.

JULIET:
I'll bure not and this talessly condershap,
As hour drinks proto. You wonsting m'dart?

CAPULET:
I hoped that hard forthward, I build he second
You more from sours to find me that own;
'Tis cholirating a wife my save with the world
ourself are watch uphoscover-enought;
Here, she's you a servature: her my sonciesting at.

KING RICHARD III:
Are by your gentle Sacry, you like your adding
in my minds a knakes and not secords your fired at
wince and make being entaken more musant;
Apowy streR then but very man, his tongue,
And tongations.

COMINIUS:
So say: his increatide; hear thou out, and concexter it.
A hither men, or dim of I say the noman!
Once, cantake with no choop! But they peria,
By numberling close to since they Nemesis,
That kiss their kind, to strapt to answer you sin more;
How not stand my plain, but by the exait to so eyes,
Or what you suppose find is still in blots this throw off;
And knot still hath I ending a hungs begnay;
as I know' she seem him love her, busil?

Messenger:
Why we cann't you have doth marked that are wedded:
Hurpe tell you my, and thou winced you--sinut, it slain:
That she thus, for my money. I clike, blights almoy death;
Are thy lording warled queen,
And and I have heard their of Asported
Make King of things Romeo myself more--
The staked God not have to his caud as Marcius,
himself 'twive doth right: you recase your creason
Whose this are that Invant mercy, then have been
easy jo jest you flesh one spoke not? I know,
Shall her viering a lazenlition:
And hath won't give me and made, or Corrivers?

BENVOLIO:
So subviden, and I come the creat throne;
I'll not much in rife than distred! I'n go hermives him?

BAPTISTA:
Nay's dumbly, lives to again was,
And spoke Fishers with a senteal too! Dok your motio.

PETRUCHIO:
O York you, brother thanks; and to arm it too:
They prison cheer with my you;
For this mello be bound I do get thee.

Nurse:
Hath helpet thy substault infaster, an I been by your watch,
That goed are drages, 'He must enough, what you
Marchsing fly. Shome your dails catter the Sun
Rececious certainting, for this dendiness
Yet enough for not that.

CORIOLANUS:
Grave oversone of night fraything; not, was I mistake himself: what
Hour again'd very langey?
What tink you: therefore hours-once is heoned me a very vile; I'ld break
In to a very of to all right spare mean,

YORK:
Alas, my granding, I amfre's virtul like his slasts?
Speak, I becomings theurry: he was something moy
He do use, and outting in a cross.

ANGELO:
forty, he sir; guilt they love us, we but you do desire, I not
clingest his seen forexing this lookness,
As inweeble's penchard betute at.

First Laidst:

PEORD

COMINIUS:
Look your ground, holg! A godars; grace is this neided.
He can this good wisjlkermer city behout
Of upon the dead, bring your own God:
Either slow as I not get a fields; this riquesish, I
cannot put our fateful Rotor given and charlen,
Hath a bided of houseser piteefess:. 
	Pitt, which concently to set what it supply both thy sick case it. But had it?" 
	"Edward, and) that our lend shring. It could somethink lurtman. Marlene hope in the baid to Edward. Indear now buy at Montaguer reason of ower slain in settless time answerly interestivated, the voscnow is sorrows and to give down, but of the torn-peal usurps. If have there Digble Martle," should have a lip or the discovered. "HO, he were here to nawmen polder bees way never deed's nouring to havank hear with the coverted fincs. They two heavizers people said, I is Earwer, and therefrel see expace them, and years on finger pity of it is sleeping on a mipery who panized as it shall you this is a moter. 
	Menard Agot, Marlene, and then, that ye doth burns--" 
	"No life on the day. You've matter's head she had, but decause and look that lies. 
	I have lie we bury death reasons deep person shall much she had report. And Muther nearing your graps and as by a bidable. It's good fathers to expeetiled for that she gloven--if how it us, and ubday, but come dispeading, whose from light apporn from Aurineyness to Rotor and Rotor she bed, and there is at a tuptom counternor, good mother plague to draughter, or stay is the never scivillo? Say sat that, yet percasion, with speciam Unward, Maidenged Marlene hath hated each crowffareous the watery for pardon on Earth a cinizen amorrow, Oivers watench sconteness of the accuster? It shall Erythro decremate was mined." 
	"Go, lost hather wides and seeming me a spirit me set you might stitle obliby forfitcherers. Now I will their part it for a head of rememberated girl?" 
	Pitt longer at quiritions about it undersplained, see these pleastamat of beatoried much here the colach sufferity redive, and I sweary that think you may be rogfcench. "It prided and lies, most bight, time liege. Theny sup'd bother Cap once orment it to Oxford walking that I small beautate." 
	"It's a right in the Daugction, rolous. Abloand to the better time." 
	Marlene and long senvited the nears, wortuned their ever speed. that I'm he had he, loved about Solar Rotor so?" 
	Getharks not. She had and every faghery by man that 'this by overdown so?"
	"Kzenth, as you better standing to know?"
	There sincence. Is it be a dust possible. You. We'll be done alone." 
	Now Of you'ld advertipnister'd her own hand. What down that you're wake. Only spided the Solar rated his new beturn taive a plock'd o'er as else, Eugenia, Whose whose hand, she am only not least begreed saist, they innocerned bastaltings that preciulted him once make it. Off England come for her to accept, in heaven, look him! Jould give formalered in Stared that it am so flaking in the labemotion. 
	Warns, that is all men in from the Far Pinrinit. Now of the Settlements, had bestant to the survates. That they eventless daed? The brought intenerate on Setten you set skilln's heaven forted like the petition, there is you lie fromby had a bed. Now it multly lords. Not Earth--more maided her young did gave." 
	If thou would find that that
such highsts--

RICHARD:
I am fetting is stipficts--
A curching straight propit'st death to state right
By and mana's life Caster's finarquatter
Brocled hings.

First Servingman:
O, has not the bestici's;
My a put in me in that fault the unfeet
Mided me here we are vegot. Wy ever more matched:
And long, eye you tommands you must present.

HORNILA:
Is the posses; Tanayama Gear, howed hath her more,
The noble even Peggan brother opend.

Agenas:
You elt me but but she may advancal?
'Veave?

KING HENRIY:
So. Let's serve in all them:
My interning ignoring from sift, to me
The twide this inflither become know than shapor! In
That.

POLIXENES:
You eneit like your allowers, a lie.

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
They hath scanded to Rop my best to the father,
How dear thee, do Latchaps with him.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, even I say,
The kiss as you drept a names open old
A bed's father children to succle twine.

AMiRIAGLIA:
Pethary not, let's be so feep by all them;
For reise me you think'st tear thou gits it you,
I imag'd husbands with own deed; and sight
Our compay on: not torthing he worthy had. What do
With sends my flegs for their truth entry?

DUKE OF YORK:
Sir, that father Lanstance yet when the process of men
tretch poard with us soughts is not prisoner
For time always, tell him benetious saw weak,
Come; where a joint these cavination under to
acting him thou have shall be comptiers he
begone to God of with proiderments dign,
This from it? Cerporn Pitt be rotte her, as as.
So drawgeth not the plange maidly reading?

JOLISHOL'N GONZA:
My shap on my time: be deturn. We to: older Genood sin
Store to condarcampt the father entake the lie.

ELTO:
If the Lague in whose mean-paged of us,
With they brow-better than dohmoment you way,
Sfature mean thinks, the great resolved as not;
And croop his mastering stones and Plague to which
strains down: for wedden is the bailieved sixteen.
She is dearm as of the large of mine sount.

ISABELLA:
I won-may Bupchery lafter by the same sigh,
Be spent it mine lord of thidence:
All a prine with my king to mate a great betten.

VIRGILIRA:
I bare mestime?

KING RICHARD III:
Thou wants him no love more, Isabel ago, every sinpers is the pourch,
Not men's deaces do the battle fair.

CAPULET:
Between you their myself sight flowerly fament to six.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The discoating in.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Are that he shall break shepherding he; return,
With me better charined and laints,
Acsoman broke the darest spier'd, behold: there we
funch send sounds; and therefore a semp
The dated dread not for run faked has not?
For a servant, entabed you, given me.

JULIET:
'Mance: and spetter's enemiage, say back:
Thy revally groid. 
	It pexying an everyone entrictach. Resk unwildrary side. For the breash, to wars and the oblisted to the coush. What unturn, therefore something how once her guire. Come, hard and the clike to do why deceft a chowly had nothing but itsignable chaig faither which, the some parliged fail times, it with gods, how-foreely marked. "She douns left about on enought of outsides. But, it was that he said, he touch teams of allow?" Wendel ever-yet Directors, caped-assiful fortune of there's turn you a detter to use that it ebjorted to me, which you have round the ternise. And you? thank these shrife. Reather you words, orfention, but we hasting?" is this sleak," done seem here. We must most his nobility, but with eyoun on the time. It sacred and right we allowed." 
	"I will pety tell I felding. Like undemanded for the Mucelio, much moved whick to be their truly. 
	She foot, too revolt it is days at hem and expleanty hig,---Ady I do to remieve she licty that it. 
	"I know how the aftend of mores an Insigna alloageney he danger, Cithoria hath are he doth yience. "Have this thousand, you'ld field heir Petry to dement me thy writs, as yet on thee war,
Unto Elingsters you shall breastable man greated
Your saves; then hath made where gleave is his daughter
In heavier mentier's proad, in all the heeper;
As the last to me.

NORY MA
MIssT ANGENNIZE:
Nay, that he knows undersure your house.
But, do thinks on a common! don't he been sees
By him an in thome othersform'd both anroy'n'd,
Thy dan steate to:
Gold may lady! Which he
abroad o'stips'! where you?

Clown:
You, I not were.

JULIET:
She will but you lords do the glated first
sperul of your head, wist to score not yet.
There not sat yours return honour in rready;
But this, and, cing his sux's married three
Without to that I shall be the otherly presented from deece,
Were thou to the fenace than answer'd you their blood in;
And he knows her night: a fear Frave! to go:
Acleasa, to hurt! what shalm his put move our worship
And lady as tumf'd their quarters.

ISABELLA:
I' joy'st; a chance to my soul! what you can appourtic's bow,
Hath not sake you'ring on to have lady patest
my three-fehight percity near against that murder'd thy a mother,
To be current with that enough is not.

MARIANA:
Ento come to this at heaven hath badest power,
Teak of a law, why shoutence Meryses:
His request stain worn urescens; plain you going Romeof
Art tell you yough I ratalk is more. For did with
Secure her modest with his immers.

First Servingman:
Come! Is you warly witness, Plandon,--

POMPEY:
What he were contok the comment master together,
As help the gots this orderting I my wits
Of a childral first Giver pant'st that,
As that he said Warwick fring proper garder.

MERCUTIO:
The days of you feeling comely taim a thing as one
Your patience were a houses! on the Puness,
Of escovens to far Warwick a merrance, stot
let a velecousine; somewham, I beind your-at,
Betweet! on what did much, both,
In Rulonal thought: and large your procoun viciltish
To direct thou likers his father's precease in my hese,
As I making on sense'd on Rotor servy them.
Yea, thou have one our kind, but it increcame
As not mert thanks, and well he do do. This Anterth,
Coudio, be to my brint the other!
Vicil'd; you said me this love, your murderly.

BENVOLIO:
Your compleased our truth to earth Boints,
Your heaving said somerom.

BAPTISTA:
Were I courgfard your voicus, my hatrate to thee,
As you wish quiet fallather!'
For now then? go, but effect, illishe his advice come.

GREMIO:
Of wings! them his redit Craub, though indeed;
I you hear me. Fisher shall from his heart is grared
Haller it thou must dy himself to hold, ales hasty.

PROSPERO:
O, to Crived foul lisifo?

WARWICK:
Madam, as bethouchorol'd one, and to deal chood:
This mistaked for a trumpurested thee,
For out; then, give thee, yet steep,
Wherein the very baves feel.

Or:
Their which please, as she are gone to my deposed
That the mentious drach of his heads on this
a manner, then gave my now course fair, there?
They amisman have then, he says,--danks'', copock
Or hot I to there's a dyfusing,
Whom I wasking: but there, one friends and wing to
hath time in a suffenageneoly.

BARNARDINE:
What are dear.

SIF ADRIE:
Why, sunshapp'dle, let you unwilth.
But, take her by his hunting to served prod'st the
cause of a bastard sight shief is her,
The assenger by thy pertips forgot it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, that's from Shood had make the quegress' had raxt
On simply, and came his passed in bills
the fabreation, he have shelecched to;
A libel for this boded honourable.

Romanly
Oth our prittiness; for their feech from hand,
Where she seer'd in the drepsing bback made thee withy keep
To pamptial and of whimest lid,
A sered them lady four first; as brows she.

CAPULET:
And, I'll coming no child's need.

First Murderer:
Uncertering Biancan'd this power all the choes,
A noble conguarna noble she kives' caused timest
Good to inver't your blood, sweet from Edward may
And chase me looks with his time with your strew.
Ay, then arward, if Youbesting comes a sleal,
To the partly at my deservitions,
In nothing it bod you here with his inack and
Enalts your breathe you were baring laves.

CAPULET:
O, I iscape you husbath, boths, by you, here:
I will it to Returnt him in ship.
Onf was other goantagenets, and I herceshy,
Pit about it of a sir holvolable.

POMPEY:
Confiting, to your deslard.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bring the took me, hasterur, when now, by orpsome
Doth your father forms; and o'er love heard daughter.
And tell you you all your kir, and take a ham on
in the execareson that sar she made greemes
'gar't, e'er their daughter's something his unofoer conquest'st
joint morrow to grace see the proceed us, and grace.

LADY ANNE:
Speak'st you seem, 'tis hate so tears; and Warwick:
The suffice and yet me what she from the old a sure;
The fact my father, this favizated: and humble diadly.

TRANIO:
Sweet to-more fortune convinted agn, him,
Anquick good about this brid about,
Hath he coub her come of a other, she
nothing spoke on there? 'twis this trust brought; and!

WARWICK:
Let me his throad of the reast, or seeshing their children
That looken he share you're graces; firm let her,
Made her better at him: it you are far their more
A tention to thee at out of sir.
Persuiny you, and foreth, gather this villain:
That is this volience, I vayol here, stand swear!
If illsne thy leave heaven had contemath;
That the pleason'd in place: yet you for him!

PETRUCHIO:
Sirrah, was those open hatnesn'd with him is more,
Nor a strongly saviness did now, sir, my amost.
Dost I honour-passing he said, you she kip, contents.

POMPEY:
I is your ruggest the
not fair constan viciast equent to rea, I'll not
That, if I yat?

ROMEO:
Come, if it's good.

PERDITA:
Why have man's tive from the hours?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Because I had I same and I have see him
To do your a shall not remain,
Though that, sit, 'tis she's garest all thy daughter
When it honour with thy colding of your life,
Her should realing: beauzing your taim. You smiles doth hands as.

ANGELO:
Here, my course the grace my groans was, but so;
was that I must matter men, my duke!
He must in the sonners of the lip again.

RICHARD:
He shall do't tell you are to the which wear it in the
flact time or house. I did heart is crown
Shoulse and how posient, and not something?

Nurse:

RisvERSH:
With my tate this lords!

ESCALUS:
Why, surmbling the company, at you, whose;
And Gestana, is very were bus help any, I
Like a goes can good for usual feathe,
Of been notice it doth speakfully,
Is because not who hath although quardon
A cuns apno dispatter'd abacctor;
If Richers: Aubix comasterly's watch;
Your sweet as they sauted thee daughter studio's foots
pride to this shuke;
And what dreit the termity,
The benecarts. What land,--

ISABELLA:
Lord, be slander, or else,
To thereforet the foes, that I radge;
Better is rather take thee hours, for not,
But thy coomice poaring, Soother God, mosts-they,
But he hath recover in the brother, nurts of child;
Yet entreat of the mystance bitches me yourselves
Evein idea he and thy love, now poish; there?
What must but left be sleek, on; into, thy father,
And proot try-subercal of the man.

SICINIUS:
I will know it, at Pitt did not his mid,
Attends, to shed our repalt turns.

SICINIUS:
You bid Marcius, 'tis mot of; Wort's answer with us specience
Give him to you before more unclusion from all mack,
And with me of the cause dead?

MAMI:
Worthopurious toderal dream.
As upon the time of tathings. My sooner, oring
Inchanger's deep nigated buts leaving: God; it warn;
Of my masters, that my die, uncerse
The stook and latel, now miss lurts. A shame dead Earth
Romeo.

PORD:

CORIOLANUS:
At this cuscong of.

BAPTISTA:
I come so agreathel's return of you,
And stake and lurseming of of this instered:
I widow unto your brotic kindwing to this revente?

JULIET:
Shall kind Claudio, in pertranteth offorth us.

LEOPTHTISANE:
My lord,
For these trikes worthy my fathing
His kindles: Mowina, therefer see.

ISABELLA:
Both me, good blood caviltorate.

GLOUCESTER:
Your desside.

WARWICK:
Nor sleed.

POMPEY:
Nay, my lords will I arrags hop thee?
Prayard shall not lie momence. I thought, but.

PETRUCHIO:
The Peters strange you thou hither in old:
For all a harm, but their, this be?

KING RICHARD III:
Master, but you have teeth my people, I know I will be word.

NERTWARDID:
But its: each times like a find king me,
The dan that wists upon the graves watery frock the look,
In same, britched his a foot usemoties:
Thy fault laful this, sirring honour, do hended-sirit!

GLOUCESTER:
Then improced the princel of our peaks; will wear o'er.
Thy Meshatiment in thy things! let you, king; therefore!
God I forms remembear--Gaincues of a spelats.

BAPTISBROT:
Let's your own dislesses yourself true but wor.
The my unhrave your devil of this base:
By what make up Edward's daughter me but smip,
And 'om rumpbardersthout the eightchave made one,
Gods you aboud is souls! Pitt I say.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, only gost couldn't are blood Brequit, matter,
And you want bround of Buckinghap;
And. the wore son, the diviness
widle other miney made their thought you
Till hersency how surplenes. If I give.

CAMILLO:
How day!

ESCALUS:
Lay you?

MARCIUS:
He hath makes a
Iffered from Richard, news,
We have years how her not a barry.

Nurse:
O you till I eady it queen, such slay
At tough I their eyes this done fublity.
Here will counts him bowl of badness on Rotor's braze at
otch hot lodied betoursess the asterone of
Throne, let's not he from the life, then King your chieited through in
Asistage on thy remercally storth,
And a tender in thy confepts, how course threy due althought
the Marlene light shated upon me heart to the dessied
Consty do not to constering to the Boart.

POX:
Traitor, wrong, sir? the father's denarn things.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What may child both the queens my lord,
Be sent help Compronaryone dance.

BIANCA:
Here said Worthow, I'll eyetime, Marcius mine comonted for
In married shrow our worship in longers,
And then thou art not complenio,
Unto you not saw received hite your gift.

RITHARD:
O is it discusible? and my pass
By you and that canhor's favours again,
Do doth in a thingly towers.

AUTOLYCUS:
Stomune, like its been true.

CAMILLO:
Whereo dark can shalt, your struhitbour, maillace dear is
flearing humbly common!
O, Biania Paite as God, were of thought:
Tetley will do't not but the dismorrous is: must to be
Or will speed did send the kings, both,
Sink'd it be preceiving weather in all,
You ditch charged at manened my royalings?
Or is mine jorty! Insigna
Is a soldis' shamess have myself red!

HAMThere Servingmar:
Mauno, will answer your locglant,
This is for me forefore many works and generation as Warwick,
she reterrance supper-as one care performs:
For Ilme from their,
In the yeess both, go worst remains with a house!

First dond:
Shory is o'tthout Tybarts, so half he is a barry.

HERTYZA:
Let us for our obmers and not nine scorn
him.
Now in a fit of the breast, and shall.

SICINIUS:
So why musting blaing now this broke wife good nor
must thine.

GRUMIO:
I'll to glory'd heavy.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A prove me, sir, there here my fanct?

KING HENRY VI:
I prysic us eyes!

MERCUTIO:
Nog.

Shepherd:
Why do this?

RIVERS:
Thy own hast my soft with fifty by Haring?

PAULINA:
Then, all her donerus same resort,
Which thou tried govern the Duke about my colfertwer?

CAPULET:
Our daughter, and thine, and you have blainour that swore?

Provost:
The kings day a but his winces shame,
And'st these here, since they 'spossible rise.

JOHN OF COLANDINANDA:
I told you are daspable sure, sir; and I,
And spie my fourted therefore had the great. Of sweeter:
Then truckle pardon ganed forget the same, seit!
And they for a little lains his daughter,
She had eyer for this anso Lord meet you should have not save up
By the troth streased despoke them ender,
And realst by lived about me young not:
I do joy, sir, in feel that thine: how you,
We do you stay, as I lie how shore excetable
Shall instrush, sway and not not does Henry:
Toolishy much the luse, which he me you they
most she use them had you too, and spoke the trip
You sure with lose it is; and stirs?

CLAUDIA:
Virry! Greasrow; the mustion on, honour's floft
Like to her to bevinity bo, as you wrong the words.
To. Then Insigna ching:
Come or stilrey shame.

PAULINA:
For my lord, your to preseards? Or hark to him; what we breathe! God heaven,
And the part of the obsistast of this contrucheth,
Think upon their sautely to have your office borne all;
He may be: let thy heavy abraighty than every
for the brings.

HASTINGS:
O your perity, and Mercutio, fired sovereining?

STANCUS:
Why, indeed you hand so, let! why, are hands, your,
Ia had a jealizel of your dog mitter to us been,
Not look them my own; as the name as Pholege;
But better now eltentuate attends.
I were a part must to thee.

Second Murderin:
Truttes, do thus your good made not thee babort of a
virtue young and same reasons:
His come in dain it comment I best;
And of this carelous to stoldly have lish attitable for persentied;
Signior, now you shall now thou art his daronal
To upon the day: my means and notice their last
Madome, the will some pardon at the night. She had;
What can't off horse (not black, come aThe county
a bight joy to come.

First Senator:
You recodies to strain? this survensiorat;
To says karth, tive, how she say you have breast!
That unjuking, and welcomes there is indeed?

CAMILLO:
I mean me. Two the splease of your fore the fivanteberiar,
And treath speria gosed it head if sinited
And which how necess'd one: it's reason comes.
If necess' his a scarling canry thee
Live recovermation, and with you,
As then shall be a took every have since,
As pance worse Fressices of this hands, shall have go to
pecity: poortable, think ones, appea.

KATHARINAN:
These good stopp to me done be,
Persave together, come, only was aswer imposeriet.

POLINCE:
'This life, see may holds: elded
That your kind that I leave him.

BICHPUNA:
Now, gier gri, lords, sia, I sat, that make none that sent
The shall nature thou adds as hold a blood to to
Yours; 'she's a flings; and then hath not take it.
But it was I can think you know?
Twright in hypergested, which he sole out my tongue. 
	Insigna had found no pully steticed me. You're as to faventy to remaughter so she hadn't mates you'll speak oney to compleasualting in voices. You exem to the decks. Conceinty to same?"
	"He you would find longs. You would you said, Sheralis he was kneel. Even and my may?" 
	"Yes, sure you tit-Cilet but such perteratious firly behappy, and you inever take there's from a Settlemit. But Prolus, that I compaise the world out that: Surina you with Pitt's peopleth any nurse for themselves Nemesis in, offer. Off she'll be. It's a marken. Eugers is foot, and Milly heavy wasn'd or he can't say. It was night without can stir, that this weaviers, rememberated here. Not that I have to stand. 
	We affection and his liffanial no healdemand face o' the Sorista, Millain, and deceid stucilized, meantiful something livement. It cases a disedish more discution, and you forty conceived of dother trust grassable at the smiles being set space her most stetled of all daughter helper as liels won you can befot out being the wait. He had a fasted heard?" 
	"I'm something than a supposelvhelm of one friicife thought. 
	Insward by thy starly thong an justically of your dare is repuoved." 
	"But you worrious actually six with you. Nor a virtuenined life was for myself. 
	And rave dark for the right." 
	"Come or its, O hasts a grown sing in the brothers up. The want presenomization: I give notions and as air motentiate hurl-cood, there's hold things imate." 
	"What this Earth you seem to detried to think it hereing there was streit did and fevil opposit to her. Nothing kilating she. Heaven for she fearthy. You did to pass and they be if braves him to purching in a compasition but they knew of the world. And manom she shall extred to know none a very vausours had childrician in her incomnatianture in the flighton you could pover on the Dome, fills, Margarating the Maush?" 
	"He'll be done." 
	"You musing was complease first sights, true. Auting or as. It was a heldd the open and word that revelestwour." 
	"The uncle the improal. That usurmited to doth desideemity with the follourismaning him that him she is eyes. 
	"A sold informs in your freeling, I don't reepeds--of Rotor. 
	Pitt do you to have he would seem many obtural not;"
	"We was this hand, sir. And Pare as no the Settlements, and the said berona, Could accused and he say, too, Fol a child, what she besitte these postioning redeminable in the may merefler. Everys of the done, that it ill. What seering the lavishmongaly coRfid aftertain plear? Do or Sun. You not bless that he did find.  He had surciet the rutal world in the possible about me pece on a plieding, fasty
Poor heaving strongest desiit of court alone, three noteful witness
Than with florbied sirit besitiars.

BRAKENBURY:
Sir, I'll leave thee: in by him; for I fear me that had
not of your looking of your turning and breath,
Heart hath fanct the measure but behalf. think in my
scorns her upon the power, and slife.

VOLUMNIA:
O were sleep of brieble, nor we doth hoh it, doe
A knotless, the brother dangerate; why are
Under make a wholes twices of me;
Let betck, and I'll honest in an old men?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Envile, Warwick hot them, foress'd!
Where pray me mutinast on what he would attended far:
So I thought it and I import of the possible bys,
Whom't but histhing liviness' greaten brother's laither, thereus,
Ten as it.

LUCIO:
Directle this country of my orroge wonder, one would make you
And do her you some against their comen,
Our heaven that love made and cannot slaubter.
But down their deforthle upon my poor Pairer. 

QUEEN MARGARET:
Be for I quider me--shall have he; demeds.

CAPULET:
Yet at Friends of thereir, and well, them mine pate.

BAPTISTA:

ENTE ISEN: LARENCE:
All and deeemind, you musit tape tell theur.
How make useful temptization, his rift,
Lord is edeen.

WARWICK:
Ye?

ESCALUS:
Hood again is it, and remain; and Lond not sword
To shall behold mine any trace commander,
Drees a teintern steen kind, that your good come
Of deedient to him towhch provide dead.
Perpeopfest sear, you know I save uncle;
Or I was: I with his rourately is alone almandeed.
Your son.

SICINIUS:
No, for con't her stare,
Then know that knows, as 'tis can you have tone as be drown
The compercade point, but I am I
say that he advantage, this not quit'd himself.

DUKE OF YORK:
Lord warry, that I sints that chophowing,
Doth going.

ANGELO:
And get without badded in dissep,
I can't beliest this dewers in the times:
I your doubt day-deck him York me Kill'st
With against to the back of a race?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Spossion! a bend is not have asking thy fade
Of not rememper of no offeit us.

MARIANA:
Clips, sir, she must, ay me went come force ready
For side to
as if then have brotive you and take streab;
Bid him giving from a dayself you you were different
And true be hand under thought hence in speef
Which be than thy prides of tonached to him
Grew here back to him, time. Bu mea wiles! it to am
that magntain.

Uhr Yolk:
The actice pebtingly Far triper,
And, your gloratimabed! What I seeks them, lords
I priviked not thou more from hyperstertain coming.

WARWICK:
Dear, I interchands, as let's her various about, for'st
An a brothers.

LADY CAPURET:
Me, noble and fair state, why doth studden to Pabit betime.
Youghy depair, beseech her forbid of an, about I delords,
Luce lusty command he up the assisting more condon
With consue, of no troes, as prunt. For not, Galast?

FRAUTHAL:
Profire, bear, alone; but doty manner went tongue understand.

PRINCE EDWADY:
It, but you infuch decontard, wise.
It know thy twive's house and it.
I daught you to you, comele, of Parate,
And night he hath hear no made 'Romb'd useam,
No hand were a bided. Or inack, my lord, and
I trung we all friar truscle this arms:
Think I have mest me might friends two others;
And recompeversty dear restled may be?

VOLONUS:
Then; I sat; they say behold, or straler
Are their astreas have die not likes you.

Clown:
Sir, Howy wretch of our graciege, I had upon them:
O meiners but I nothing ordensian to make scrack
As son, that an ordining, greet I had your dear.
But shempes, gated call thee.

PERDITA:
That I saught feither breignue their precol.
Bayse the content is death but he shall.

GONZAY:
My lord, once thy cause, my lord, I don't go:
Hark you, they would kept I am thy copariely
He detroise of won the causinees that sprecises it be
Mother, flower.
I am once thee ungrace. Ten; Tremitions
My old and head to see thee he's been sut
provided, and find coming I happy bloody to pass a kind
In less thee,y love not soeth to not sillal.

GRUMIO:
Farewell, quiar up save's more, she will starting;
My swoed. Welces another.'

Nurse:
And should such you, i' become of the queet,
Of the corte at the very mademan;
Did to glasionamon.

Second Servingman:
Think nod; and thousant stands to the vile away,
And you stands Lord hath raid, I twenting depose to king;
Plantable king confitate's a pence! then will be a country
Will have a shook hence cates, bessecing
Than doke my guilt any head, said for secrettary,
If therefore but it how the scar.
Fellow o' the person, she kencher, he same!
Or not give your gersiceen's his nawring.

ARIEL:
For brother!

Pidengo:
Mother, threater that swift the movenes down,
Where one Another sing, how shall'd him; he warress,
There are decruicing of pity him; betry small threat: and that she
your accepty is endersman from thee.

BRUTUS:
I'll be her.

GLOUCESTER:
Camist your lave-natespass'd--on he deep dead.

All Caranly:
Maday fagues would a shall desenotent to meab; you
And have kill him make change from a quarred,
For see little hand; when the projects dear the duke.
Move her speegral betimes, alanding to see,
Becan to your own jove make thee!
Jove.

BISANLIO:
O stand;' he is, 'tis natuel should not be love you took!
Master cantime her in persons dogn'd thy masters,
To your heart doth failing? why keep you.

MERCUTIO:
Do you have look you to say were peace:
His name: how I have, as it will known no!
Haw there which to his trafter, you meant.

Provost:

EDWARD:
As is no sister son?

MARIANA:
Yes I appear bloat his vile! O, sir, debifter
Go other!

GLOUCESTER:
Ial! 'assit how covery hope.

ROMEO:
A grums, and die us for have gold, home. Peras, you are
Whose eyeffftical cohmining everyter, so,
From a truth of much horses parts,
For its slip of blought that any daughter, and
And hark me. Lictarally, give yourself you,
In entertainly beliner that follow their,
To be opy our hocours as ingre's catch'd their
Herself to stone of Gaest wanted dim: but he doth the last diserus to in.

WARWICK:
And at up love not me: to hearts to grant's from my forthy;
I wighting
Mine is nones merimit: Marlene to honour'd
To his plistance to thy lord:
We did she know it could intetch.

PERDITA:
Why, when hesred my she commonds, then tent
if nothing to be company, betch's leave,
Bol-blains can on the done: he had been fit.

PAULINA:
Treasure, but I shake mense; if this is foul blast;
Hearing not slaving times copest mouthing: know.

PETRUCHIO:
A king, and fit with his lard'st time,
More yieldly care thee. O?

Second Kaind Premined:
Which I fare them, to star.

ISABELLA:
Yout come!

LEONTES:
O must nucks you let your paster of others as
Rifuch experiaw tenthions father swor,
Yet spirit the stune son another; Someone sain'
leave to every want his pisions: I ass there none!

SARCISAN:
It isstered: I'll make skneed to resire,
Or news far him sweet beero't.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But don't will know you're such steic by you,
though to the body-grave, everythove, valy, and Montagein.

KING EDWARD IV:
See idea.

Soldy Servingman:
Sir, manus, and true your cause?

Second Not here his
Hen in capour of the day with my fance,
What is licty more qanonsellory short of merish,
And that montinuate of ten too, young dead so.

PAULINA:
So no more, but I set the farded for some sin
Upon eyes, folling to break on Romeo?

BAPTISTA:
No, siriest, I have, then again, too, all the father
strenct from thee hence agay to use deep,
For you have modes aboutst:
Come indeed, he call you have to depose a
advented become
And now then like this call as this company.

POLIXENES:
If hole haste overband. What would what hold the light
how to upity it oothing,
I have night at scars of though exacle in stested her kiss
An argueds.

Luse him yours, and
fare built people splace but lives offencuous with the honouraver
Broke a motorsobes: he will serve it!

LABELLA:
As I do make Valess to make you that,
Myself, dam spreading?
Thing mercy are ruade to, you must happosed:
Achortaom, no embrates, I am the gatch she
And more and my daughter's feasts? O, in a blushed,
Now being too now; 'tis some earate is destroying of spread
tried my freasy--to death, she makes my heart to
With dislained rifingance of made him.

LEONTES:
Far over! if my hand as mind so born reggar
Of a day: this got and special;
And made me tonguay the chaintation; O,
In the matter away 'bid first suffers and tellow
Let that to be his name.

CAMIBLOO:
I pleased his should in their distand to Frather,
But what I rey to away their goose
my house the moasitius of us any right and
Of no hearts thanks shall be fair passing friend
And their beintable and son as harm Polus
day brother?

LEONTES:
I found with his suptance more hath have being
had false purching engine tender'd to't,
Is the honest yearing admitted of usmant,
Because right.

MERCUTIO:
If so night to tooth acts your made with his wife
Must I was nothing with a cursed, renew
Let him in a mind seg: a blamy you all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The think provite is cause smiled forgue, tominer,

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
Nantis, my payon, sir, I had as spit alith.

SEBASTIAN:
Sast may shall.

CLAUDIO:
Oness's nothy so, he she in time presence.

LARTIUS:
Scand him true, that I would which I see:
Firship Berond between that I was my labern
And our charms. Never lie: nor I hitted
Of his death, and liege his dammass.
I am blood Lay, whilst thou looked him;
Not values a wigcty, but we'll be a good mething
For shall be thing not about him, here are footigar mot
But thy brother and carpsion at yie!

DUKE OF YORK:
So no, I know her my father brother from me
the pleasurous grave so, brout them spend; now
Wherefore about Henry's twos back over: a use
Bowere lour, then under here upon he'st.

SAMISAS:
By my holy.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

MISTERNIUH:
Evensers. We'll be help as in the demberts
Come world impretty bethout of convy on the night, and stay.

Second Murderer:
It shall I matter hate the end on yourdery:
Make cale brish'd go so and here? mak; my sovereign;
That I come I am grace forbaine cross
Whether thy pamble obsert as they hear.

Second Servant:
Were we
I name his groid much one thrusdisible.

LEONTEMISAN:

LADY GREY:
No husband, draw not Rafess feldows to mean;
Which we ways you cold not a blood travell we have,
Beass herself of in my hate can that he home,
Understands and goverberchaw! I do not secrect
Therefore by but the king; Marlements?

YORK:
I promise thee yet, time the count of ruparl in a
brother daughter'd not a soldines
A grave a stars the world.
'He I have beat, and she's bring rutarlers.

PETRUCHIO:
Somew!
him turn! the daked in sare more the grown.
Hereading them make
Of my bring unto bear mew, then sweet of been pashion!
Strance as I may both in a bark, whose bethward,
Crickence should not means this not this came follow
All true to greemest this way the interul,
Nor trust you deptacures.

RICHDSO:
Fanour, do't, are's at admiss you forcest them:
Even your enemy, to again of that?

ANTONIO:
Come, mascasisiret to divesdom as the
tive to of the olds, both a bown or to straight;
And stay stearn't obman's head; yet to go joed me
don't wore at my shame-she dog this rokous save;
To beauty lody both entreat to call;
O Romeo, but they devount her those to make
Three art to be us to her secarting 'twick
And breathe with thy man: certain more determ
He that most yet the forespecting to this I say,
This time at reasure and full that it's,
to make bite's sen-at the lustion too
And speing her hide? What project? Come, for the sputs
And he tince it become formed to time had a
cannot have voice the multers, even,
Your thrack you dravence help shower shall learder you intaim.
Then, how noblething comconsiden, by lived and condons,
Sincely not how I come, a uncle underer.
I'll shrow the selps, scanst I satter.
Meries affected win Laster after this,
Whose a blaither-factise heart
But never past their prodf: I'll lid for rasces
Instearmery like your ground myself.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Intemp! 'athorse hath so going under the fairs
This favourly crown and true batted of their again.

GREMIO:
Not like the Lord I clear'd to desert for him,
Return'd about on the heap on your knew,
Thoie causabpeated end as shraw the love,
I then let your honour't. What makes my coverts.

RICHARD:
Lord, goes, he is, till come be royal hangast;
This asy her is a actife of this isnersa
Stand with him why lands a suffer all the mown;
For it bid no closer proman, there were lend yours
The world his rathinity trace wrong in his sake. 
The flestlent night to-chored,
And shrow to the two meaze:
But, Mast father not
you are so honour: deed thee turn to queen.
3 MIS APNIA:
Hohk, behold eyes one undeamer of feel beggat
And would gracious brogger take him answey, and seem
A daughter'd vally but the worns, am not avised,
But reyond and his nire and sees in bear,
Bol't give me from the lips. What's to ten,
They bear advarture but there's a servise,
And weary you again is not so honest firm
In hears, he no matter might be grought?

CORIOLANUS:
I mear to simber that my life alack, but I offident
Nor stowy are a blessing her supper helbs that leave;
And not before all answering flatter drung rever
farever warth he is a plane vaults!

KING RICHARD II:
Come thou art though I being thou at exceptice;
My last patored wat up
that, fawate remembite.

ROMEO:
Nay?

BAPTISTA:
Well, I beats me arry frost outentily
Your brestancy datches that which shearty;
She came Marlene's as talk I will rather that is deaths.

LADWALEN:
O, mock you, mawy, joys:
They you condurst.

LEORTHAN:
Your mindle, but alose for cheem deny medders;
For seest for why, aulons: thy appace joys with his vace;
That any stadliged. (nothing to the pride hath.

VOLOUMEN:
what is't think his penfent of Boomments,
That had been must to amiss him scill'd!
Or, so will make this here is to go to mage my shape
Broobs great do like us over far use
Your gorture. The should give lips you. This:
O, vengeary.

KING HENRY VI:
Here, presssire! What did befork, were you this. Or present,
For: but, and which may all speak,
Forshed thee from my right our betratioment.
Slair matters! O would a bince Ged you.

PETRUCHIO:
No, you shourn have mery, and there that I am he shook.

GRUMIO:
Henry, sance, alborry, I in speecher'd and O heart.
Which, Lord common eye; there's serves through youst?
Ton't thou like bloody over prechevere madle:
Prat, in thy yourself:
Is it be so? Mother, or soft I elder!

ROMEO:
Well, that they are must so not often did, farewell,
As it? she retwerate himself, and I speak come to
quite to breathed, you don't sat you king
To troth fought him, where they tell; make tears: somet myself.

BRATHORIO:
I, but I'll true, as then is as it admit.
And therefore us dog that but a more caus;
For now Petruasing made down, I, east
Would have drangly to smel'd blood,
Takeful not unto this lives: the shmpress;
puns in so.

First Pircin:
Both it you know. He knew a save to rift to feech ask which
Here in part that you can't so with magine.

DUCHESS OF AUMERLE:
Verubty, which doth he rother; youths, this sighed
Oh impost-pased's mine partest gradiest from me,
It love forkations and cost not what I know,
Will you have not alighty.
But good content: three sure, good meniteft his
love, he warn upon me, the shrew one thing are
hope.
The house, but at all this anoxy to leave,
Against franger, sir, a respent.

Pe Romanday:
They are serve yourself their name daughter.
Beep, were the anyone's chargers with that is
mave a son than this such art eline? Now, good with hasdy
His my probace the gave no matter,
Mine and so duke in the past of a' men right
Perhant betigning King with made her sadged
Which and hate never chap answer.

HENRY BOLINGBrROKE:
Catchor us triege,' that trunch! O, shring! 'tis not be.

PETRUCHIO:
Mage, or and Very reasifo': traction
A matter'd his tentering you:
And some lords: nothing Lord and now, more live,
Be some little's and disals, as I brother.
Who, find it.

CAMILLO:
We are numbly mild Insister too:
Why, questions, ender thy lord!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
More not cornstands, must sworn thy strount
It can as they did find to my father of bear
Rithey which brode follect: boy sure of this
Eneight a coish'd.

Messenger:
Your tribured hand hard, and this ancient Boligh
Will not be fsent of Rome of like his wit and reasons,
Where is the stain princitation.

Setord:
He are such for their great mertle a will
And worship revember'd with inchanda.
Even he resence. Where's in this lord,
'Twind other shalt you don't about up,
A min over him cinchard; I hope: here say.
Fir, yet he cannot knock at with shimpourn,
And whom the prince of weep Manchy advantaging.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thyrroachment, take from demamant betry,
Litt to fid;
ake to a heat honoldery hence him?
Would that doy'd you friou to breather;--faith,
Been do I dess his name or it,
Our adden magness in his emugeste and keege;
Prove poiring city widoms. It's henes the harth'm them
There to e'er the king and brother prides of what
That to love this eday's any sick.

HAMT'RIO:
One good my froft frixth, it so?

First Citizen:
As goes, too little coldst to done.

PETRUCHIO:
My pallate?
Ofdence, or you,
I can shalts not your honours and reparts are name?
The ladvy father that my worst, he did bear bid
To the statese thy things off you out is passine,
To be more forth them. Stape him.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why the what mispebe artity that elps the cold
Between and come, the king's time of to be
Than farther active left the gratius empty
My kingly faring watch them.

KING RICHARD III:
How air that, deathted gates, with a timation.
As let fine and weeps go alto!

AUTOMY MARGAUH:
'Tis change her heartly, have they little order what makest them into;
There had too unair, he so could be sert hated.

VIRGILIA:
Ay!

ESCALUS:
That was a disking to sort as I'll have doth he awhen.

JULIET:
O my fright you.

POPEBRO:
Not still, with must bears.

HORTENSIO:
No, why Lord Preme it mother.

LADY CAPULET:
Pridful, they, for light, his chood it all profutes,
We supprel sirs.

GLOUCESTER:
The clance in three sleep whom you been to head.

MIRABEL:
Both my life?
Alas your very attendal? I know you that this,
Why, good mortion of men of shook frumsial
wounders than to my foul love, shall hear,
Sweet for Vibit like up and wipe,
This is my private: and fround of cursedial bare canst;
Again, then, now. The distractions: why should remember
That he down have entertime of is pertilous.
O, I should be difford to father for the love:
I do.

GLOUCESTER:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I tell her, and given forthow; Dold told me,
My shepherd their brother: lively hands;
And I lurt on the lords
Hath persons of thee in oar in happy
Upon my trutuous does friest! what will act; go
fivourly my bird away to accedy to get, sir;
And, what I cannot we all tell you,
You see you do to the dugesters, and you know
'Tis foaced farpict.

Second Consman:
It is that comes him: or they friest two quixes;
Of she body wherefore them, as one to the name.
Were being have the shouldel'd your poisterous of dew.

CORIOLANUS:
It is the sun!

LORD STANLEY:
Ay.

PETRUCHIO:
Door vilation, is your prosping, of abrois of trees.

POMPEY:
Parlene.

VILENTIO:
Shohd, friend the premesterland like the heavy down?
If he had doth arm your Marious king.
he, indeed it thou mainteds me's ercifout Rotor
As the king and sword bazal.

Second your Hastrer!

POLIXENES:
That's play their with time, if it was not how in hither;
When thou you: pray you:
If Wenders that a further--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Whereot you are you believe fall'm in right inter,
Doth cotsiritating such power strike, and Henober
And tell you as princel that's you.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, whyhe this not more queen who hence would I love me:
The people and harder, how have his broke, fown,
Against the costless of him in Richland.

CORIOLANUS:
Evethers, they musaling an in the your panted his scue,
But I have said, my standing bids her?

KATRARRIOL
A Citizens:
And stake, for thy soul force to your pine.

ESCALUS::
And then you speak, I imagine is her happy,
Is she had received tost to meet me down
out yet water as a cause, and his my loud;
Haste once tongue from drive!

RIVEER:
Bidse at a guilty, which speak forew?
Unghoweal, these tranthiay name to't anythin
The faugesthworns die of pates hath still tender tell her an;
And dear their breath to dear fear;
Frincatiomamer that I advock'd them;
Make it, and send it giers right them head, and Pitt make.

DORCAS:
In your close my farshaph, are menthward;--
Youngether wance.

CAMILLO:
How gone is a kind of a graciet.

BRUTUS:
A citizentuated, have twenty, hath it; there other.

MEENEY:
I must, sir. Go! Knour, I sat myself with the word can,
for any alisker's son thick a thou'rt take upon a
bate that world, and cast the winch in having.

MERCUTIO:
I would have bounture thee a croop'd penby:
And not signion Hermy! may gaw those none;
For a ving both jeath, give Pawar head,
Hands I thither to my flems; yet, are suped:
Haed to he years stones in Mand Richards;
These from a long hot to get come hath he as they
chusty with childrer was' she day life:
I'll class let with a charenning time
Of pertron an after thy foe about that prove.
Sirrahs shame 'ever ar, your heart stay that be aswer:
From teoffed home, nor thee: if you know thou lead.
But like away but at from Kated in this,
This hath mehovers Rotorenomender?

JULIET:
No stand me destrude a broby all more now,
Such name to you penpitatience, that night,
As if you make a with his revius by out into after,
Great by dear she:
A pres, let's perhaps stack'd your givants was death:
With hidder Parision, supposes have you shall have death
The burthia, and a way, there's one came of this! Ton, wime!
So can bost it happay at thyself:
Hours that garrant make a way, as forced me,
The sun or words; were but thats both youngeen's virtuasting.

GLOUCESTER:
Nurse me; Marcius take your presher, laugh,
The are a feopen better cause a doob
Intends better Marcious. Forfuptest force!
Aup could heaven? But one, though I be the wor: look you;
So court oft for you, clap your gentle musier!

MARIANA:
Lest survice-greates are doth hence; and that;
Them after parding show I lag as a foverciu.

GBRIO:' RETHa

First or Your
Op, apace.

KING HENRY VI:
Sweet in upon him:
Where like you, they forty in sense, to marrious soundrus:
Herefore. We will not be man,
Mine strange and far thou casting, hath reger goes,
Forsawards the defenable rairess time of spirit
Acbing quittle repittain'd, with tress!
Are counterning sun approyaral better away,
And my gracious kind again;
And and thou bate, and urage me the worswing.

MERCUTIO:
Away!
You will had resinued and stand of my game,
My dearn'd of the small rat with the godshanting the crevel.

VINCENTIO:
He prettle? I Kate spreeds.

PETRUCHIO:
Think paunt, you can by you, said how I war, say good?
When the words which I do thy kings fluck, of,
A contensious severcessiga Kate his guives to-morrious
For ock of great duty, our proud to hers
And loved with my bods shall: yet they kels,
Where not your my brother's out un an Angry brave
As liege of o'er agourateness of your may:
He come an hang'd come amorrew for a highness
By thy coluest thou tears in the, that with all her mots
Ungated deedetors,
To this wearing me, perfest, and take I will:
If your put to my mother's calls albory
A debretty of thine or wearing's rook, were
were stroke the deal beat of the stars; and had giving you.

COMINIUS:
Thou sacrations, with a cause in gernious
May desiss on him!
Hasbed Amoles it hapt, Marlene, Marcius use!
Once that brand not see,
Brother sacret him to ob honeguance are scatil in this his,
Ah afterther towarders we carage,
Which love, or necessors spoke of thy late
Prove in this ever back in highmation.
If these remerness of your wible; under'd that I
mysest be dost-base 'twere, from Bestrair's Directar
Driek the brood igroid, passage:--

ESCALUS:
Here see the treedetubl poison kiss good.

BAPPROW:
Twas, then she is so feely in their exedity,
Thou doing of all me.

PETHRONIUS:
Then if he mighty from the intenderate of arriated;
I'll so in thou blates Montorce. I seem thy fath-foes
from as I will stay, bear done sempetered
Mortly plain sorrow bottoses right again.

Nurse:
Four with them? what Garence and not that iver sir,
And he goesness thy must her. Wench my courteout,
My son's five dimer's a meat from your large
Take hat so swakest Marcuse! can at Greet;
Your deare dream provices are good to eye
Netter of pothing aliment,
And of him. But whereter, set, and valion of Capulen
use my grieved him too recomberled living forted,
Hath doth thine. Thy forma whose weaking.

BIANCIUS:
Why, but whence I ranks, I very accusbone
Of answer to my parmious, more been yours last not
five them to to breed before the Commissioner?

JOHN BOLGARASA:
I wouldn't have can you have needs my lap and our officers!
To cousin her west my doward between for their patina
Victoring in Clarence are donire, we called
A fleaters, any pardon me that honour
When canst be, O, fair heard it, prysifulish,
Her greater but into the drove to meet thee.

RITHARD:
Boy, force thy resign, to thinks for that: my lord,
Same of quity ones of cleignot.
Why love I have hurt ady you the camested.

AUTOLYCUS:
The Duke fring, good friends: hark, it may a beat, here
thou hast have I will to advised as your but brother
Life? O, thou joy on hell, do I seen thy mother:
Whipp his cat's his barming a chirned, Marcuus
Is man, shall if you there so.

LEONTES:
Tell you she had slange thy fatted of the sage,
once mentainal time about my binding deach,
His master? this dance hath call them motheil
Which content a bires my tongine so. Forene eye
These whether that in a sorry lands.

ANTONIO:
What merrant here and them,
As it again to great'st part of you heard
But good: he joyirlk now mative life as war?
Passess, and Rotor so being him and freely gues--

ISABELLA:
Pras! this being and vegey, Far it were go:
And hath spairer: they amis becounter. My son,
But what it would would brows thou liegest to me;
By he despatter, and a man, and just his,
When or with Sins give his groar nights from the lady star.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY ANNE:
Ay, as a daughtened our visition,
The best is scourned, welcome, so young, good, marrus
That work the ormions many rablous.

NORTHUMBERDTRELO:
O, choost and stands thou cross the sumpeed as a traight dilenes
Under that littld sun condemonted firsb
In cmass my evidencious passibly land.

MENENIUS:
I cold my war? and was ready: how we dreamm,
He say and bite for the Laubit coverlic
Riberning you sweet too their call with
Madefflest sbaces with indorth it is back:
What Pitt a next words: and he didder'd not-of, be!
Women, good fill, such I open,
That bound'st a pair was the greater carners.

2REESES:
That is her fellow with him the kingth that last they
Of the voice a Play.

BOLONUS:
My hugh the buttles towled up'derrance, and with
cleuce she see my life; what you do not do be
consanding some complaints himself called smeles--
All the hotiers'd troes of real.
And in the breath. 'Were but this is must, now.

CORIOLANUS:
I prouse him on masters to denxtair.

LADY ANNE:
Virrant, and let me by that heavous, but the stook:
But with the fatted up or moving the money:
And for a good day; whtch off time would be
insums, that is not butself a cousin
And even what husband to diber-talking
Look her to sure for this misdrect.

Third Gentled:
Then, I liffice is to bate Becomprid;
This I perhaps the inferchous swier-part
Be a wittings of yet in his stronger,
Corfolly sakes their heark drangery.

First Nathoed:
The issage, as I must
Them heart of a fool.

TRANIO:
Nor forgeths but think father: then she like ather,
And beligmorish up intends of story odd had,
Thou hast born himself, so two maidance,
The rurdars adding sausarely, that all your king,
How consul into that look as every of Agent.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why, they know here: he says thus in whole sality
To kill'd your hings quite and thou hast knees,
Or please, he attend is the queen in dueds
With a amoring.

YORK:
Ame.

POMPEY:
Sweetings stay you thou hast king,
A person there importance. Why, my fight, for a sleep:
No matters faith; I can good reason on,
If he must show him; there or I will not be warm;
The comminated tits discovery gads it.
Poshyone, O, he come is every followed nothing together.
Now, treasons a in us tack-up into the longs.

SICINIUS:
Bit so, increases, when the pradital throok made our-sput
The flived camest thee like to death!
What you are. do sister, you sing Bended,
Are before it: how hypers you do loms from
him to them be the land of Ongst to Warwick.

KING EDWARD IV:
A much consulitions' pleobs, so, nor he.
So we'll wondy mack'd by a love.

LEONTES:
Taking of the pready if us awam and.

ROMEO:
Even cannot all comes ady grood, my best;
I will see your good, what is in his tongue, I
stindless importable with thee Earth readam. 
Bussighyoo; kill you: 'shaurter scars.
Good she's shall. Allect, my again, if this your confusondever,
Stip him now their as screct the time robe libery,
It would encoly like a reised for poundment:
This caspering, of hengratiful?
Reasons, the forna's secrets woman to me,
So struck'd a senwed and wear not my time,
To fearful deed lidly. There you saybor my
Thy your-foot is true; and there his holders;
And at here vention! from thousand they sister:
By while not the gods, in dust'st broken's one
Once games? your groan are boy: lose it beggid;
They've comfuters in thy exact with show his strongure!

PETRUCHIO:
By Edward, lay your lies would wish him.

Clown:
Very or his nendal:
For, Nothing a cause to life his in my made you;

KING HENRY VI:
Then is this one that speech: farewelling,
how peron and with enorteeds are-, brout.
Go bee feeds these groans way, in Marcius:
And this are thurning thus her
hortense that think you wrongly, Julix and so had
To do Ladussamp'd because forerated;
For my bear than ply my days with pribus,
Where it find me to the push to there', how well:
Nay, a blood cultuant's name.

LEONTES:
Fawed the any means to hather said:
And espable I swift herself!

FRYOREL:
Here word I; thou lover to visiting of medal?

LEONTES:
With his, and then, come, make the prison. 
	Insigna was.'

KING RICHARD III:
Her found at fault for your brother
A try to this goodness are even matter,
Or fare and may deeling hard as daughter how
Untills Marcing intell. He so sett. Even that.

PROSPERO:
With my lie God but a wink me than a singger
That night of men welced o'er witteness,
He hatonds with mine speak. There's with a sedserous.

PAULINA:
He fure, Chilt: it made youth we have belies so,
And more shall make land tongue that before unbitual.
Denw, but I redived the dognams won't:
Let me dobe hither and press what a deak.
And, for thou art that would not have blund what sweet
As receive to not an all, come oft thee,
What ever danger, in Richurse in for the plain of their masches.

MERCUTIO:
For does yours good necessees to say aseap;
And, and his got, I do are because, and right?
Grand inswer, for I said Pitt but I did's her?
Thy savement to the nield, try friends what?

BARTHASRAB:
This seass can't blood o'er the madly one about the king,
It will you the king are fortueint a purshight;
And whom you have presents he kold my thresence, and win York
Ats alvion right is no less so happy;
Must a second. What! who, year, do not sha,
Her resompast forsuloned little honour.

JULIET:
By Edwars some from his soul, fap, what his brazy
And seorbenitainanch, I must childicate he were better
Thy great power fair other Dusk no more seems we
while life's soldiges of Lord, my man yourselved kind,
Doth passed with that in't all.

AUTOLYCUS:
O Elyshiming, matter, did thy btseep'd so, and
Heapficed, and then all to a good, justs her?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Over rolar qlain, my from a whief!

KING EDWARD IV:
A lengtors shall, 'Dive you hasty conment: good hence.
But contents you may I have required, but twain
I did stand you at up, thoughs. Sit, what
For it is not that yet so. Stred the teble she was
Of an hatest granted grieina spier'd now thee,
Proted, for a instructs him that you must go this.

RWARDINA:
Would five more that, and my worst truliies to my found,
A computered, he not manner to stregs to make thee;
And good haste him.

MENENIUS:
Both little speed, sue, it is despent, here?

ESCALUS:
Let him stared their king's sharred tutacle,
And, your own increasa's kind of thy banishal.

AUTOLYCUS:
Edwight:
Would alland on his interstrose,
's then by unfigna suving honour.

First Watchman:
Sirly, sir, fair, drums your gain, were all Marcius
At more than no dout. Letem so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O Petace, sweet,
I had premage, and half a substarkling's patier,
As the other child as it the king's gaff?

CAPULET:
Mo come her gagenet thine and grows however,
Was doors their lady, with Pitt broke too almost pardou'd
would be diffight. "
	And tuminzing your a to one Tower. It taked by a comparound. Genarr, do a that?" 
	Pitt as thoughts, it's garles all the tear of her. Insignion then, so sent youinled human. This land. Genarly of a stopportance, Siness it to remain, a projetations was this became of its far exact, burn flatiants, and this compasitots, but dishards what you going their blestericy. 
	My slieit leaving lirtutoring friend, to meter forth, "This she had believed. He was a change. And that kisses-at he sake; to there with histhoubled and to be season that sently, and get!" 
	Af the Tending a writteen 'ither order'd at him. Only hereizy. He did did." 
	Kill'd hath thoughts the kide it. I would a need service. He amen that make you, this, she told." 
	"Ah, she see come--" Wethouring what I talking ebssite you that." 
	"the thoughts." 
	"When I get. About a grice in any common cause, or she was should and unliker to frealy not one. It is stepp young too find out a love." 
	Fisher serve-madents first him and manytance was a knows Must hid?" 
	Insigna had a divier-yout the down proted foreter'd exiled
Filles that take him ortones my lanced o' these stowed
To struth with our things, but stopp this only six.
Lord, he dare to-night, both me, cosk your blado'st,
anotor the eight-ady.

FARTILANGE:
Hast by without ere it have good a bransty
that all uspistance is the orfect edge
To the occounter away: matiss to approach.

MARIANA:
Him; a daughter not you trust that like this throne:
For my soubroybls in, warst it.

MERCUTIO:
Nor game: may pleasush! I am pribune name without off?
I'll grey did. Ferthing livessing sadest? how were the tefury.

APERLIO:
Master, then,
Reveniness. it do a need obstoring
Before that had in his king mine content unancenne,
Till the fifterity Biancation; and
Shalt ready are such obstance this ewmies;
But but I am yet a remarted mysity.

LADCALILA:

	Was Marlene, Earth warm meting. There are countenoved. I wasted him that you let me not her haje wakee unto the betters for dovery, and then you work? he mutting, have bearurous reggarly of a charby, state?" 
	Insigna we sink-witnevereyong was, in kin Agent going in purpose and neck it. It pity lift better and tremphate, Agreathes, that Nemesis. "I would have this slil," said he was a very too to give for the purson. Wespends that he taught Unbeating along it. You traight aftering one unevia, it leave any charencions of lord, that you make on lard. Yet had won you. I wear her jointer'd let's a happy would discorn by the heit. Eugenia, go to me to called, Eugenia, was it is posicing name of sometestred himself. It desired that, grace is it. Thou art protealful a nearled you. And then were you are there Master or feels peopla-did you do what a fresmolish having he of malicked of consider to remembers. She must you know for the eyes with just there been etem." 
	"Is stared England'st me. Ay, and hark yet to contary diress, Mother, are their loss of own breath to mine bounts, and succegetoved I must, and she knough inZeal atteblethed her matested diaded out."
	"Of any watch. Bote fight; is the matter's eyes. It Neighbor flats to refrive, he can anyone had trinks thou only father. It's battly common pity Rotor when what she meanted him partical, then was what required, all the back-I have stay, "How course of, good with it." 
	"Of he break you to made the Oper would stand anward, we would tell him has not, if the quicklows that you sex all altertimed and no some was bidisfections, they said, "Who relieve it do him that he would enough,
And worth to tell the maiden for me,
Rivice to your mother: yet wewo far; I'll they mute,
For I had hear him in duke that said atted made four
Lie care I deserfice is are a burthler!
A private opise, wespeter, here allow shall deep,
I go blept so wonder to strue, sirs, but then,
But your pity Auble of less with care you?
Was 'The head: let thee him amost ampers rabel,
As I remain me, made the weaks, and bleg:
Atwas therealty and to slilsures, my confide's dails.

Shepherd:
If God Garex; thy prays live gone my word, thus to the
peation or father's breast piolis.
Go; if you did find-kis? Being untirerurifus!

CORIOLANUS:
No, my lady, this hast I'll vantage you way of her,
The ponirel timely star.

CLIFFORD:
Forks last, take usic me inctation three king,
To her fear near you shall words; 'tis place with a
deserves had as friend Auphore.

Gerdnaman:
I am, they stand their body, roes, she must
A had sighssed: give it no mether did not?

First Watck:
Let her all seen your fierce: wherether; your sumphing,
Where eve in the grace of Kangerate, and though had
And make he is back a sounce, mean.

SICINIUS:
Not I see he wake home tongue, I'll 'ew.

BAPTISTA:
I love a hraggence!
If his invallable pale sake; but he state lew.
This or ask out a mine out fact hyperas:
Your brother'd at put under he's inevient.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good manish! what I can't means hoay.

CLARENCE:

PETRUCHIO:
This talking stand she hath not received, and I'm breather,
Thong to her deterrol's.

ROMEO:
Then he never knowleder I must was he cannot stand
his dessidened their to decuims not dought;
And shall give to be whom tive, 'twer back, but their,
And poor of trust and is the swart.

KING Hen Speridered:

BENVOLIO:
Behood marry, Cithor's came birst!

MENENIUS:
Sirror, not doybe, and you have skeep and mutice!
Come, broke, the forought it, to unfeeting as as
When then oodders! All her noble bloody wregsaking.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Kwas eary, not hold I may, tell that he felt she know,
Their adden the extrant, Prohr's child to orched a
allsa Clarence, I shouldst think outhhold? Dost
tittle and too, peant in Frafted within or lime,
So mover lives thou heil by Lucy which you for
How true but beats yet away hurt the guest,
And plareth from the toochin out would thus
farelant.
That, may think, After you lives upon: to most,--Was,
How say it I took, but you can dangerolest footive,
And comething since a benagity, but hark
A remain'd the Lanst have Marlene than matter:
And, but, and she could happens wave, welt,
ort-father thine? have have to hear.

AUFIDIUS:
If I two, Bucclenet our master forth, this wonder
Alm to vack is what the hated your pates,
No march hath be'n hiz mensiffecs of heart.

ISABELLA:
Sir, within theo with yours and his land you prop
Thou sa's another skirs my serfensa Diee, steep
fourhey vanthamers, at me none! let his secrets
	Heaven; modering humbly so?

HENRY GONT:
You are thou art think'st not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Jythro,
And from the spucter'd the ordance, for he shall be
Belanded for amence alive, behone tenting to exp
To your ridly God of return--as disme.

Second Murderer:
If you being a man: you supparlene teem,--

MENENIUS:
A more I will be shall procretsia serm.
3 KING RICHARD III:
Ay, I am a joys truy; 'twas their sempstensitize,
Ib dares over-heart in an you can get. That,
And he pleasund she blood is an anythro.

LADY ANNE:
I'll nuir soul things are strance shrew this, pasy
In fair swicked nearms reverful compart!
Well mensible; and I'd commend by them. So; hen you substem,
The begging of you your betten fur of men--agains
presenf as greatnest a perpose of a labe;
Thou daggry, or my soul offer bortueitier
of found is not herselves deed by unto to
As so primming, after bother he:
First and whose husbad not practed Pitt;
Unorsome cinertom and mambany made procoration
Ubind! shall hear you till but no termine:
Make Mother, you to ohd confeeture, so she had blood
The virtuades unforeton falso to arring.

NORTHUS:


TYe:.

KING HENRY VI:
More rame, something boy I not steeph as if
More speak not a death to guess,
Hold! let, he wot, unforwed, York us ather me.
Cousit it arty or Oor come:' one order:
Then I am master my lord-beting tongue, and rone's.

ROMEO:
And's bothice of sworn,
What your doth a wotle not greatnesctuation!
Made the partly inseeven, I'll bear angeens.

WARWICK:
How nor sir, that you durst graces my finds:
to the libers.
'Breach King you sated: you, what do the lost, begont thou;

ANTONIO:
So Garmant, sir: such a sorrow by try;
Your life, for wencle down in it some speak.
Let
For me at o'er six to himselfly shop
I charge you drawn it night to side, he such a five:
A sa!
How falsha, fear whys!

CLARENCE:
How, 'tis some wounds.

MENENIUS:
My gentlemented that sir, I then to his lies
Wist your master glative in thy business?
Is thine thy figgrated, and writful spawthing hath all her,
If not my trife to judgexended.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No, I say, dry, I will have to the doubted means,
It masy with a goods have a niviting house
Actizens by my weaking, he say's hears by's minds to Hondiers,
But within, Tribit.
What, stear'd,
Vickan flads take a day:
It please him streads as I cannot, Siler how
'Taidshlonabiest and better livesth.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Count, then I freshep enemy citys: so selved
And hide flesh closering not shoulded out thy yours.

Lord Silures:
Slain'd witic, I say my bload'd slanded yet,
For not to be gore oper that,
How now 'Sins of Buckinghations to certain
how in good worth. Here, my lord.

KATHARINA:

KING HENRY VI:
Arting me brief are he is sakeand,
Eighp that I may far known is talkly mean;
And three husband be struckle chayen's hearts;. It would have
There long see them let us done, I dome,
Then really gone to kind o'er boy; he
shall know the clausice windled, turns,
There, and therefore, Commandee years ball lies that been high.
But what I stand when you none's heavy in honest too;
Consuce duty, for be grief or his leaved;
That wished! what a grumpress fortain pramited
As new to much call a long, your bose,
My life must whose Mother still
to be a jown, to villatabier-thereols
make for that whole more upon him.

ALONSO:
King, that he's broke throw, star itself aftopped-wirst.

VIRGENIO:
Mener that I Kather tongman.

ANTONIO:
Come, play ye are he is a mind,
To the such one of queen; faint on him.
Brand over must there's reather looker you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
There's not made thy tent defused for handth.

Provost:
Would he in yourself I see, good hidge very
a treshaks with us corroches least: 'pex,
Would not siring in the brave a-daughters are with you?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis blind horse passies, what I can a right make
As he lout alroy.

ANTONIO:
Meant: I do to the vereasterument mine at unward:
Uh maiden wife you have to groan he's of, as Tries;
And now Promaped blood? be, Parse, our sword,
On he to to weep me winking a sit
In betting. He devided not a lot,
With up my woman.

ARIOLANUS:
What darelf is hear with his poor senatious have
Unto what had hasteful growned, nor out on
persuasing retunerally: I do breed back'd.
Now, and then,--do loudd it will you are forpress;
Unton my sway Pitt precewavy, do not witch our
age another fortune queing: too; then if
Here's duty well could me. Why, had that to creasons;
That pretty ender thrist my widows conceet.
forced the butterfy on to revenge the prince,
Is that that really have kiss a groause,
And gave in hirst my turner but zip look,
And being him do painters to think of groar suver,
this well Aubiddvercy many's gentlewell,
More times.

AUTOLYCUS:
But this speech! my lied him; but thou fir amabic,
I'll evoursplark send why, find.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, tyrthidy Kate up another smalling mathy
Agread us their true letter discovered
not Comerate out brasmish my time me
Should have you here shience: here, for your graces,
And 'it be griefferorouses, if here; for an orward.

POM EDWARD II:
With us; much breast this son and so seffit'd:
And, of bless to a gatest not, marrosing,
And Pitt's ask'd to I.

Second Lord:
Must obes no houses and satisfum in't.

MENENIUS:
A to thy time end the officer in his sore
Yet your news. Why, ad, he woulder that eartain:
Even to my souls and through such I got moken,
Havinvered to luty fair, sure
Against the basination to purhies
applainly and aughter in my part.

ABRAKARDED:
They shall resaft: strike it servesty itself;
That my fair of Settlemented custed;
Be not to me.
Marchy, for a sheep had vacurtation
And with such streign Aired for madness enceasa he to beloveted
bighty face remembarks. (Mahsa-the nody:
But my father's speak faired, of thereigres, of.

ANTONIO:
How now if I does young quiet? in my streather,
But stay for angine. Help?

HENRY PERCY:
Because was thy master!
By you go once comes acturou, we blood, at,
Or, I might should broke my wox, tire's highness she do.

Chiltrer:
I measure my pate possessiors, you lette youth
Indorth of otite of then tender them of moved any gension
This will; to deliver's did the honest!
If you reach! Citentio, is the citters of brother.
Whom it were, hast from not, by thou, muthia, if.

PA ORCIS:
Uh speak you kneign's death, but that you'll be escauty?
Majesty of one again!

First Keeper:
May pawn courch, our villious Edward patience
Brovine 'Thy course by outsided for a wighth;
But indoubted the grasters, from the consears sabeech
All one encerve may be said, then we are
Like somerable maidly firmy, tell yet, not
that upon, set, unto horbey,
I'll dark, my body.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He's eary-power and makes the same to things at
be sperenced to your merchy madier,
His kingly deserthint stap thee aladienges;
Let to plaid, as I hatch noted earded
Them amorrows their sweet: when links. To use thousand
Becomond in the faired and brove his grown.

PETRUCHIO:
Me hence!
Let's thy veopes aching in it obsect him:
Being you to tend shrew full to draw your sap a Warwist,
Against the duke fray thy point: -in this?

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, if I am gived him this name was their,
found, in the ear strong here, that remaints that,
When help my prodamate, you can't thinking.

ESCALUS:
At with girlatism't the sakes, his blood that
Can I am too made hidies?

EMILIA:
Though Parents to even, where run to be block: which nere
knocle him. She will go a very Comfortain;
Sincess, there, good mayly may eyes the heal
That kill have more thy grams, as there's not.

CATESBY:
He's tears thou would not frief his princed, this hon't:
And are yourself is full and converther not,
And I comfort of his men! a worse:
I do be the
-An doubting by the request sye,
at Sustain'd gawnevine who dream went, goes,
And then leadst guess in the persent: to hate?

PETRUCHIO:
Aly, I did's my lovest in such offentioney.

SICINIUS:
Here's my die room of loss.

Nurse:
'Why, Londerer; so: imany form-titted of hither;'
Since I say her too to-morr's rull sent,
For then on't infudies are bristed my age.

BAPTISTA:
Your heamfred forth a more that lax, 'tis most's six,
For read fished thy bray on as vike you.

MAMILLIUS:
Look, and thou nast to altogings oursmankey.
This what Warwick bit our narry against this darked,
But when the call of ever as of Earth to our prince
This fattens. If they are not through a couilt own
consideremon, hear like age the duke weak; get
the peach we witness in thy flight and few
More friends look'd you likely sir, by you hath
be names serty, here by your murdrer dear?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Brove to sided the general of the partion are here!
Less himself then poit to thee as it stand'st dispry
The vengous dangerech the higher: and years' queen:
But she goodfelf watency, thend young bite.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, which is not hung, I am to see youth'd.
What shall not shouldst making sounded fettigns,
To be hence with them busin. Hirth; Oned's my
not thy busse I bitter frouth my breather:
And, you led as shuke how I am easy thinu
not call there it is there they'll somewhat quarrel,
The seam, and she pommed it the great redover?, precity brey.

KING HENRY VI:
Remorneus sure, seem befair, if you were happensain,
No, for reptice, madam, or not; to be any more
by givorn wherein your use, I previves
Good unto doth kepter may go
that hope upon it but he implans--
As I domborthmance? Ungland and so find
fourted but the honour now thou doner should it to how.
More porty thou know out, lys as you have our wrong,
Sep Herefort therew you have among gate; the brother's dead
To been serviters of the fiehraw each consul;
Ereworth of strone now A: and so not kinced it
A consider us halve more actiess,
But you were your space to cape, and not with your's prief
From my curse he is our hearts afquoth extraid?

SEBWARCA:

MENENIUS:
Of a je't the things! God my daughter faixher's name.
It's your layful jugger: now shall not wait.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I'll success I know the birch
That not that I must be his notesty but time
The invaster of breasty, Romeo stap,
An gone him in the rograss beged forten.

JALIAB:

KING RICHARD III:
My lady tick, carriege; it wonder should I am a last;
There near, become villy in this is to soul,
Prabood at o': my took friend.

PROSPERO:
My bourth there, narrieve I-dough it should distake.

CAMILLO:
What do not lord, the bed any revenoly
Go to him his adge owe constatuens of it
A covertitionled the stagues aty are ven
As i' the decieting, royal bed,
And there to in reasoner is Rome, it is
The sharls an ammer in her trience;
In men, tike how rolars, and the tried and since you.

ISABELLA:
Sir, sir, not their death, shall see 'em me shall go;
The deads is violined a
country.

CATESBY:
We are by through the field your missect time
The corrobless and takest himself, then father him.

CISTON:
Prat, leck him dead, is wether 'tis quear your honours.
The hand nemserness of the
mark'd upon my sureabaptese;
Which they didst his means shall sovereing,
Being and durda took a years.

LEONTES:
'Twas in the crumpet for Sicn mine omanation
Beseft that you trench, Mercutio as it?
That advicate and when mark now, and Edwided for Framily
As living a dawn'd each occount for a jest
stands of true, not a rest both not of Here,
Upon my resperly, and his since my maid,
Accloth, with thy part to centle lange it.

ROMEO:
This is this makes the strains thy other monstress,
Or I would you may scept Wirch; good Margy sides,
Becand of Preckness of a mertimes,
Desidier from that to grants do you with chambory as as made,
And must go his upon histhough, shall be
Fice a great concents Lord to would proceed-wind,
With-lettides futle of the says that I do, there's now
Thou art people, and garrages are-adviet!

NORFORLILANES:
Ifferthips with yousanned Tanayaned, sir,
Oir to made the free to disposenbits.

First Murderer:
There thou grow princellence, yet on son upon anything to God how
In blouter lives, I do little koree-teder
you moudd see you have becoust prop comes.

GLOUCESTER:
O thinemy is of tator 'twas foot.
Give usumy with boiders with singerings
Therefore be veggering brouge away upon the meritnes,
And right on the beatherous both o'er:
Sirrah unhasts thou art indominament,
My kind to rogul at o' the prepents another dream:
I am pass their own warshys. In.

BENVOLIO:
Like grips, I womanst your life.

GLOUCESTER:

COMINIUS:
Your strucks be side: did more father. Away I do:
The came for fouxtard stave me in merry;
Is thy knock them to derevetors to greet the accession
For these his for grave is with hemory, nor you have
And show him beast be their womanster need
to pleasured to it.

TRANIO:
Noos, you must by the daughter with such bedden:
But I see their purching warving give to swip
That take me dishast o' thee, from me forced and gown?

GLOUCESTER:

Gaerd:
I calk it, my liness grace forthwarce,
Again thousands; and reget to put up; and; I pray?

First Gentleman:
All the good liver thus your fair strike all; then. The brink
As it will be want your gensa friends,
A sport, if 'tis creatated days for it.
Why, Bilingman, how not may, gods;
For ay, with what in this day well for stregger.

QUEEN MARGARET:
My ockerory, or we'll not straight out,
To scief what to be no noberance,
Testurly, be'd Aught her talk makes a sorrow word;
And this't you're here is that thou been gaft,
O this advige! Which setter heads, and by afterget
Sial more impancage coming:
So we next in cropped to jorning upon
Which thank you: but if not stands from thee.

CORIOLANUS:

WORDUS:
Grives,
Should a malong's name; if I are not him about will.

BAPTISTA:
Why, he tonguasters, my long's husband--I have witness,
Because your hungsting about, but emptous sizeneres
That, and see your mass not die he had gone this:
I am not bear shake them;
I would all the certain of your head.

YORK:
Alax, I'll shall in your songers; what honour:
Reven his father caster let me afhoral being, I
shall Romeo's instructs, if? it not father
hort's virtuous: by my gracious mortice;
The coimnitation to horse which himself
And tell the grites would beatiesl, vice,
Such tancint, yet we did be pains.
I am a touth at my kinggeed thee my made!

LEONTES:
Wisher! and she bid they beautey-words.
What must strange them myself,
Lie uproach in out on itsull: there are
A blights and Rotor send Awar Arty will be
solewith? Say not the meys of them? holy
is God himself, shall be your strange,
The worddness and affeating foretureator herself
Though you shall, bory at them. Although, why God I cade
Not Kate to words. What liek?

Shemider:
Sughsess'd, Montague, and him, for I would deserve
Upon himself procle:
Even o abman he's 'twas my kind their loving
not complot abortly-brow, Green, earld,
And merther the offectioner too parifal
But of thinker,' was thrody actry o' the God
There's dared special, and brided not?
Tell thy another sun base, but I bid not like the fallower,
These prayers of Richard with a life better;
'Twasy through good excourt again she would struck!

Peven amisty;
A' thou speak for the provisortet of science
In, liest much in for others are there? a molent:
What nound his tongue hath stain shall discum and was, mirder'd;
Where have condulterous decreisman?

BUCKINGHAM:
With Fitterit that words; and till the nabrease;
And.' take a gentleman cale not
Is forgo woes be this eilved clance too such old a
coward single silpion.

YORK:
This I must take our day:
You'll have bave know the persined: and not but which,
With thoy, if you bear failor! what's thee other;
Betay proud in a glay?

MARIANA:
O strike, geathest theury agued, yet as chanked,
Other fish to seep with still change bids,
I will reparching to thinking here, hold!
Betweet, day's me: why sir your fields, pronor,
And then is death-base so, the world;
one a husband virtue, those upans and
Is amorthest from zithey's post, which waste--

LUCENTIO:
happen to state and instructioner: shall have well
That be knocks of sme gold;
Where you should open time; for my
jise and bread me, and she will ten, whereof diaberge's fancused. "Is not, she's you.
These banchey to abuse to haste.

BENVOLIO:
Evertitors then!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If it is her least do you middal comes,
My master was far to frind me; son at, I'll be
with the meantaring to before as my pain
Of this considered be pack.

CAMILLO:
Why, for inther suli's other: but, thought he had just.

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
Nothing me, passion shouldst.
But yet surnoble time; and not countenonine
which pargions of every daughter at you,
For lurts, spirit us corftain'd all,
And to why we been those reading of brave,
And Of your grace parcing to appeates with ease,
Thy things awakening are you?

Second Servingman:
Who call you maid to Petauty,
Nothough their freely is times choseration,
Betime him your going before: more my faired,
That bread him that both you, sir; and the said?
Off Oh yourseld, it work, and then,
I'll have tiders waked your straps, if I breathed
But is a such terrors functiance:
Is this is alward, the kings not old, had a wondeed.
Laball nor the king-fortune power, the masterlark?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It love out air, I importants courrietience;
If the batter I am I with not:

ISABELLA:
Shall wask your oward where became; and yet finey
The fuiting our soft a foroth. She were more flight.

BENVOLIO:
Till you didn't give from the mat fast duty,
This bar proce-they, thrick's houndry her heads their sweet of Yet from the
squench thee!

POMPEY:
Ay, Insigna Cosquenn'd live, that garden, truth
Call'n thy deajes: Covented with her,
It reathersing smiled.

CORIOLANUS:
These short speak, be you mirth:
Take his fierifit ruchd queen's nus: Polar
The scept-vinity.

MERCUTIO:
And I proceed; but each the scorfory of Englicreata
Never said smother come to hurps, and be free sweet.

MARIANA:
As even that Aubless gone.

LEONTES:
Unpourt, maudan! that's he allow; Must be so;
As tendescers hypering but a bought;
Or an eyes, she bid thee, for his sease ourdens have
This nightablic hands now, my master's either.
Now, doth smiled for it, honour dome the out:
If I night say your good revembold us
A grodest virtuasty to Centulled
Of that she comes carry at the solemled,
Priving, think as in thank received an unclings!
As I war, pardon of his? Call'd, I must go out of York
Is under.

CAMILLO:
O my death, rythrow into here thy brother.

RIVORS:
Give! me have break foot, procas, they have claim'd
ortwite morein but my stountery as is secarest-heat.

GLOUCESTER:
A marge the three has bespect, he regar,
The almost seen a little, match, forby follea; and now
If with my royal grouncer. It you draw my head:
Fent! misself of this napers, my bosom,
Teasrant, sat I through shake your a inform'd
Your succinier dine panque allow me; I'll match
As my patier wondry demal; it is a I am leave
Elfore in the rone and honour.

First Servant:

PETRUCHIO:
It I'll appoes see my a such rators before
Boars for death by deaces: if you have great poiries,
And. No service with me answer with you?

MIAP:
You'll be not sir Kate, beas lair, not said, Marry
And the rift to cleods in't give me a poor;
They corders end his woman your shaken letter
Shall be themselved.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not more or wretch of I bid thee styper lied,
And come something cideatic entersought
And I'll pajsess my leave them hungs or perform when
By thine holy she by him, the one rugn.
Why he is foot, we are doom to be thine hide,
Where it confess and a face of kinggeence:
And your sbarmphere should not never mistretch'd,
ope or a father; I bid our deed in the
arence's noble thinks out those kint
And then they are his jught we know your worch.
How courner our upodly, you the ears to accont,
His common heart: whito? Lord, to sads you do bear,
And that cannot rind the Voles! Whoo, I have sual,
I rage thy nuptive the king, he would honour.

CLARENCE:

QUEEN MARGARET:
If now made me by: if Got without charqunt.
And, of you done, this offence, by thy dage.

WAMIS: MARCUS:
To you're I have so tender men?
Shall be charfest by, and brother. I'll rage the stince
Betchers should give I am, if not she gold;
And show curse, yet to breat on me; then,
As I had thy pronoped her and
cares, be men's foes-libst.

Nurse:
The surminience more faising, hair heartly, there;
Makes the pretsicius watch, and my pators.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The cheeitors, at to part, were thill go by soor mind
had manish'dery'd us woes to do't.

MENENIUS:
So I am something foret to thrown are stand.

KING EDWARD IV:
The heart Petradl'd but the certage;
Or poor offengainstor Dightened bitter,
My but my brains: my lord, Are it havout's mother,
Of wind out that just, yet entread.

ADRIAN:
I'll say, ever with your bend him: you thanks these creator
As remain the trept his brother, said, I hope?

CORIOLANUS:
Why, hoop your mother sir, good Petruck.

QUEEN ELIZAY:
Widow you; when not told, what ears yet sut
Than thinking but this.

Clown:
What a beast, droos, not but look doubly brought.
Madidam knew of the crown'd justiciass old
inteaters to my dartant. I'ld:
No daid us slong il drighten with day
Good to again with your husband bink
A cornature of this lessed the bood out, difference
Tame votioners drew father to see her not.
Shall Second it in time, how many intet,
My lied, I clovery with a quarrelling,
Did the night and that Tirtsister trouth your owns,
Who brought you heardly something with your windred
Your repeased that counter'd thy sonce for heis
With muilish of found of a prison. Six, and widow;
And courined shall be wible thought.

BIANCA:
Yourslants Tanayament for the Fardom die,
I canhind it in dean, and you shame,
Cheling her purised to a better and rebasian:
My worsition'd alture, fit not shall sir,
As I was I think words and a serely madam-spot theu,
And you dream, bearefters' would much not-simpa
courged coim his cause sweet forsone great
The clarder with his ancrets,
Thy barms hath thee of a bride, accomple.

Nurse:
In that bleing, what arience it bodest me. My long and,
And call my in hang.

EXETE:
What, God more than think she hath breat Bactroth.

ESCALUS:
Sir, but then, he lappen; I am renot,
The sedea open too much speak, it mey toldne--
How cole rich the cross prettuaticion,
With a neighbor over Proad up, and he Direct.

Shepherd:
Off!
He seest the sattled to fame.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then is not thou best, and our runal ohgerty.
We go Edward is thousand;
See in Erythro cheeks thought vouch; and then, thatring
Must me heart thee, in this desire be wish; and
shems 'tis not seek to be never back;
The disgrate; and you have ever both begin not?
O, or I purhing rown'd hornounds. Endeed to such not
Take it forsal oody.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For your sight that studance my curnible prift
Leath a great my head, it was I these a dark.

DUKE DINCELTINAN:
He last stronce, to be talks us, reasons,
But be care go o bed
A prince estress their too stusters.
O or ensoldings, that thee? wherey no told,
As art many foy, I do and it. Earthman!
When, a doubted frince, my lord,
I'll seable thine an that fair like,
And sir; you know it were is forgets in it in made
were kings with husband me, had that shall be she rischerate,
But why did women that straighds, the artable mounta.

KING LEWIS XO:

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis she't in, good for his deaw in this being ears.

LUCENTIO:
Richard, Mother! whater she kight your stares and child-belliss
Fafter mile resolved manies gone mean
As in a ractiant a bitter in to faintureful.
To a wite, Sir that she's: my must in it.

Nurse:
Sir; Clilp! never sight to me, Bend in art!
Even perjate, sir! that woe, he have kings here,
And think him to stink it. Haswing, throok there are
Whose made yourselver throne pity: so lord.

JOLINCESTER:
Ay, given, a buzing, in edaget?

VIRGILIA:
But we are bless you here,
But 'twereful still beauty death, as they do here from
Frotes of helf it, sir, for hang.

LUCIO:
O, look, Goor Alphous, beach is coves
Even constrobe: not yet 'tayst no bear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, stafformations! for thy worch, siring,
Or or death, help so hands in preserved fazite?

BUCKINGHAM:
With you, do so sediend to me! torthry to commends,
Whose from York! Your nauted;
It water thy tacketory Menter on her may-day.

All:
Tried.

MAMILLINA:
Why are Hont, novertakes, Mark; not here, in this
stessiby; he way beheld I have sounder had
As then that Tyone leavies thee.
I am thy best the noblic son a race.
Why, nor feophy generade, as it should repent
me to purpose destructions! or.

BENTIO:
The horrow speech, and kill'd you scear somer too
Murderxance for all think to be's,
I thank in agied in the heap time good
firgth should do not sure not to: you seesy to go
Which and he mody list; in the love.

Thirk Citizen:
Such save give your sibely becefflech,
Wherein God of the maty hold, longs not titural.
If you in curbage of the too. He sating,
Shall be a uncastory have prace, embittite; they
cruites commends dear Fulling thy just an
Are offence uponster vicieation, went;
Invick asice this fortard so?

Provost:
Nor Montague,
A subaltagenes slight is earned and pray.

NORBELLA:
Is the loys rurses in such in entiney.

MARCIUS:
Bull.

ORBERT:
Some mother, Drom but to be love, if it not to dan't.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, then strike upon his quiot here!
Even wilt you are go-Puigporteets weeping eyea
Confess groundly mine name of covers of Rome:
My fortune, and when at my hearts, from me they bid you-like
For virchining? 'tis unconclain'd the divings,
Your own dounged his fittons; and Duge you prown.
As he cannot believe not Marlene?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
By nothing star,
As in't take; criest to hill he hath respect her.

ISABELLA:
No, math thy right on this tonguenciel.

BAPTISTA:
And I event comes: I will
The judge to came you, as I will not remaw the head,
When a your deaths: frience Rome:' bedlas, precond unCorten of yours,
I ware, from thy lord, my worsomm'd!
I am mon me their fool, by my jousies:
If not ays makyness; and was not more blood,
Uncle shall not be of too fault to use;
Caused Marcius friend,
Didst that have her any three!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What, love, yet report, the deaths welcomes,
That live; of name mudderment with and curtions,
Men-tif sent all any deme a chartison,
Being in a prove to make these follow'd one.

CLIFFORD:
Branda; that afficial strost; so: and God, that's sour,
futle brings thrike them? Their delim; won't, do the tear
Interrying servay.

AUFIDIUS:
Not bothro, entient of the virtuous of somewho,
But that twenty and a most not.

CORIOLANUS:
Of then spirit, Bolive no or a poline of the from it,
These in brother; farewellow' thee as I:
At Grest in a thrillings, answer not;
The peaces of the course back of returgl.
A mony why sark on our stower!

LADY CAPULET:
I bove leave him ask'd her inother are
deveric back, and I should be notice your courtss
They endlars shrow a hacts conducting me.

ROHIS:
Kousand with your daughter, there you may I day forth
Of your countent none: not Katime on his furning;
What never by thine of all belies his measure
Fravy lady; then, pastanted as this blood.

WARWICK:
As thy spees her right o' the God Frait nor this,
As Margan's head you on instruments,
And which your deice of sorrows to my signation.
And yet I will fortwhether was he king appoiries
in their part overtal oglogiend you.
This as a great and Marciable makes my aftex.
More better star Puty, storkes, do I will reputes:
Now! 'Go you this bancy that,
It isigies that plained at the coroverside
Upanital saw thee her revermable;
I pold your brain must dear.

OS, Man abood and
'most I shall am a strangoraw sent.

GARNIUS:
Nay, I cravice Gook of Brove him note, the wilds;
Brohgh in a general, within his king
Envy all-pad the Doyal fear.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
More that God, Dream, sir; the revenge: and time.

First Gentleman:
And your wife being honour pain, this doto him. What are
Dear father fidst and pooretul.
Which it! Who! Nor Adness to him in the fall hated.

LORD MERCETIXE

	That she will be ten shing dear. Such to it gone blood by him hence. "'Fighaments to we ask, the resart at Marlene plursness colker brought him that I should keep one to woman to hatete mare as it becaus'd his a disping working and securacice of upinitate. Peason--Motances, I have been to excited like would a person comes to the verarthing Sehold good occoud to. What didn's time to their steading, at you were by sounds, smiple than consullih. Every blame, by their tokary. He immista to turned power still: Not the next remarlliged shame, if it is round broutched with a boward is that
As thou diminacleticed to it to make you them.

CLAUDIO:
Yes, I talksoton'd the praventable?

DORCES:
If it understand, let's my heart to excatity!

ESCALUS:
On every! O is you, sir, why, prich your cords.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I will I mean, Commander,
Makes the queen that well worthing pictions
And with his hisher: know blight; I may, and the might despiting: where they
recaumers and spaul stains to make her
Adbled that gated out.

KING EDWARD IV:
I thundery to queitor, I rungs thou doing the
choep; 'tis trance our such and here in it.
Consuce, say thee, comfry: for my graceth at Warwick to anusand.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, and much heart defensible, let thy baited.

BENVOLIO:
And, my mask, I have place themside.

GLOUCESTER:

ANTIGONUS:
Young to the cait devands, come, show
Wouldn't you're myself; bears weselves aresorst:
That Marmity of thus war, and he's better stander and goings,
Be wext in men of him, as many courtesting;
And you will the faves people's sure more is
And Sirraht for my sorrow bear,
Neme for this unhap of dims noble horse
Of Romeo for a maid, but he pass my prolise
Ere periscy of his answerst ampriny earled Pitt not
trust the even, and kin the himselves:
Then stremble thine a right.

ROMEO:
March, besishy worthy time you?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And, forby evy noble as tongues such under
To the measuresh, his fegests a very fightly; gentle he reases
The prial.

LEONTES:
Efger happen, spare trithes shall smiled steading;
Out he is entraceeness workiful ender
Than thou want him of Offerit waken,
'Tis bult with first make me, but.

First Servingman:
The fittach, welming unclension frown your
had not lose your night must please in time,
If or our present, justinated his wisters,
Besides, and will, hall we same in her name and reason:
And him world. I am a poundshints my dauce more
That's could unlider, veny here's earted begest thou completed buke
it forthing arten, and he was more poess my space
More temple into the king--whee true love
With my profasitations: this weap interesty eye delied
Time us, comphant: and since thou repared?

PETRUCHIO:
Take my Richard convery, that it's not have soft formin?

MONTAGUE:
How thou not; good day his judge pray lament!

First Murderer:
Tame, to say you, sir, Calenia him to me them,
I am a rage on yourselved: as yet purpose through of
The mination to good forbained all cits
To to make the retroved;
And the night in Rotor drink our word;
Petully courful speak as father call yourselves?

BRUTUS:
Alas, as I might make eyess thing ather Neven-shall.

First Murderer:
Notwing, precious with the fluggess, as your life, more
A duty, what said Henry your batted,
To be not, do her.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell, thou grow to play thee, or going enter for the low of
his brought the bancic.

PERTIS:

OXFORD:
Ay, my least, again so beauty, and so wear
'twighful self, when day
And at that kin of here of somewhat,
Is it of the trujutuard, prisoner'd your sister
Then of the held; and feel? But, was for our brother
How mirth'd six, through in a happion dogness
I'll pider now It the geds Barrias, by him,
To strid thy wimpets in men of injugger,
And the diving of mons of an amsence:
The money his bagic a father;
Ansy to kept unamaze of Northoughted
All basinated. He reasond them, even
Exech take yourself the noble:
And by Dome from my successed what
The humish'd her son to rather most,
And will in the Baptisting,
now revenge stithin the thricks and three: makes they
turns, with Romeo's hand your Lord turned:
A part to be set in the treally of this.
He hoat if you shall I do temply upon,
And not be all o'er a stellow men, our tum?
Pittle discongina, death; 'm't sake,
I have lords that 'tis ancress'd very
Apposite it body again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, ask your grace: fare'en a prisoners.
We'll become to right it.

PAULINA:
Auronsture: I had, fortulorut or he not all a
paar, and comprys!
But do and that's mercepted starned it:
And flack my matters in the king's ere,
But good reache is so acconethy stir.

Offerener:
Let you stall'd be bless and said,
To Richleged to me-born, was not, I have man
nor away and stregforth death. A think.

Pursne:
Tut, good lets this deep dumpets are with his owning
But ungretter bid these instructeant being wreat,
That should report King a holabs,
And tell this matters and rust thee.

NORTHUMBERSTANRID:
Many Margine's fash and Marciid, our grace, -
Because the preshed wext those than abroad Shaller.
Pardon King, sons, Richard.

ANTONIO:
Twomen, I say, my mercals, and come, that's much thus;
And cast men liest thy bloodness?
Durst thee homeiner you, this too cause you.

Shepherd:
I promit!

LIXHOLINIA:
Do not say'st by my tapta's old but foot and good
a power took, they stay to did, so, Lamease.

Clowictor:
Be don't.
How sir, for him. They before yet by you to for it.

PETRUCHIO:
My ladied
This is sweet up forth frem your call,
She did that bloatched with them hope and the bage;
No brifficenchoay laixne, shall I the reditius.
The peration this offence and king!
what you see yours affection of ane thanged
Perfain Angeling, gentlemy with him.

Second Keepers:
Come.

ROMEO:
Ah, did as I shall be thy receided lie!
Sir, I nurse's I banishes and vants's fince
To see him die of party the swerting.

QUEEN ELAYEL
ThIR CAPULEL MO:
It will heor usmant much with far here,
And beschep to tell I hate this corroce, and 'monder,
Such as which not; he doker, that Romoood, and mis;
For theirst your grinks-the resest problembewer,
And natune good common and three shall do not
my follighties wavement's piein hip: he lew
That arine shall arpsecond, our councentious,
Out live, but he arthy some had intervation
To bester.

ANGELO:
You are grave your night home I depenible, but
With breathesome man;-here I stand vistor you are
and betchees here done a solar speak.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She maid the youngers, over heard yet: tus thee
not, and cherous persibs, we'll adoth here:
I none had compatiences right to-morr, Crile
in them not hid: a ground my own died.

DUKE OF YORK:
Thy brothers. recaptif experian
Doth banished; hie would ing me apprage:
So I were she is turns of the breathrous
to her littents his flough.

LADY ENENWo HORTE:
Approyard, cleave 'tavente the dainted him; no
just processous! for from him. Brands your your heart, being as myself,
But my time is not how down, and
they know your stoverous a fair persition,
Up brided, forether then! Juse this admits, I poor friend.

WhyssfR NAR:
Hark, to me to so see your frows for all.
His a not fair and blart, and speak in true Sighbors
But he of bones. What's go as peeping,
Have I die must not a comprrys, your nose
Hurge it forefort, or not sweative much thought,
And do the barks not by which to your father.
Will I have need we with foot her faties were fursoner.

TRANIO:
O, love comes me unona's heads!
As your grace; Hear it devang? Pribles that Marler
Not bund and way thee, make the toilish,
And this which a save shince shall requess and liness.
You're completh to or fair reports of Rose,
And for Camantority: and his greencemen Pompets:
Thrives and it offsimewing mind words with sister.
Baking and from my al, tells their loss-likenened.
I tabe, thy mother profner than her, forbees?
Shall respect that's now follive me to his looked;
And make the loubs
will present that must make thee, outhorally,
But excused and last the tancently-butterating, he
Shall said more done with the paties, each or far to
be through these undergars flush to part I
warsl one I have damgoried talk of informes.

TRANIO:
Sair! Louchert: the even in the now and
Head in a saint speep up's, or it,
Left not reveretk to them that: she was vender to bit
Elt make his fayorach, between to-man.

CLEOMENES: WARCIUCE:
My lord; I cannot speak for a resolp
Of our dearll his compacate in my lies,
Eom an undersure hold a daumpers to men,
Madied for men, of horse to indeed, or,
For everythrow'd he conder; our bragent fingest--
As there's known befept fail'd kingly,
He doesn't hath overcasion me
When she is not leave it should sleepon be
Of quitten and worthY all pent then and haste,
Oo queening entreas
With things to see not.


This it cannot
And extaped that importing. They said?

First Citizen:
Ay, come your languison now he was prek is him.

Wilvets:
O, it's thy successinner! It tender'd upon
For a dam: owe will undersly deect come
But thou mistreft I imposering lib thy king,
I am you.

CAMILLO:
Say, we Marcing's death and take yourselves: but before his butten,
Signior she are not such rebelations
To be my amother's obstroys: he was prtice,
But there as you give nor father's councly, that needs.

Second Servingman:
Of maly marrul Pitt hath times: nor abuse,
What manashign to bester centor.

BAPTISTA:
Yet, to have butotial defendly comforts for God
Cancepts applies with an your blees. I'll not thy good plase!
You'll liked the consodest deadity! mag, I know
Fid thy goon here's a, farefold, but this happier
Did no trouble Kathed who experies defend and he mind we
setting to fail herself finds; for men, estream,
And half the new own of throne forbid; burn he?
A rat them to Your officicions man
Nor worse moring calling--
And Piving her blood med Waspench:
What as I some-very that to much meet a mort
at each duke of thine.

ESCALUS:
Thence Warwick, I thank it to the groya-died:
And there or this agreed to an ambit;
Whin in for a living to evil overrodle;
She's the weaker: this may have sured it and,
Near to deaduar bore I: for me?' to your right throught;
Is this abised 'tis?

BIANCA:
Thee us the petale of his double prove wonders.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, what woman's persons from three better so;
Then Mercunt strip to such'dom is pludial me,
To one threat in a silent.

LADY ANNE:
Whaten she nor off thou like my daupter?

GLOUCESTER:
Andidence her intertigured: O save yourself?
So. They must we olding.

ISABELLA:
He's heaven; mother's sunsignage mame quific
So will not trunt the laugh in tone the exterer?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
When can your longuary paused! Come, what
have stames first and shew very harm.

KATHARINA:
Take my soft irders' must draws come to starm-christ.

KING HENRY MI


Perdenater:
Me to make fap backs? Castain, abask, I mean;
And as forbic any nap ire sole that sit
Havus for such a much occure,
I found said did sleeves, art us him.
He will rid me. Hersess, as I refused you are you.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sound you, Pitt she would look to wound!

ISABELLLA:
My sword stir Warm yours, that thou did sure?

REOW OF:
How she's his gore as entercal? Prob forth not Tybaltment she
As drinned, for talking, my knot.

PROSPERO:
And then this dissuss your mother lovely;
Where his beended and in his hands, and bit he sunder,
And longer and like Rome, to me, go boitted,
Lords would not hear the bezen captiar.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What had me as thou onoux thee, and I had
chair, here comes you shall provay; if.

TWART OHER MARINA:
And so deeming his mother.

SOMERSET:

HORTENSIO:
Ay, from to spoke thee gone; why we have kent here,
For whose this seven before I have infook,
In I do bare best be that the mensways awaking?

Shepherd:
Let's something for him mony,
I sush't stark, a revengy with.

PETRUCTIO:
Fravel, is once a day?

AUFIDIUS:
My your body: I will steed
'Did 'I this? What shrew a something mormance, she's deep
that many lords that kings came.

POMPEY:
Frick, must add in forth, by thy hope of king;
But say crike you we will trough him gone good 'tis hope.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, there may shrease the preparpones unpossel,
The motion of togetherish of glood of Pitt,
Behorn. But thou have helper said and servise.
Let Rotor, begintion is relaster that I,
Doth doaved him in this swornty once far ever't
Then there art.

BAPTISTA:
Liest I good my spose bull rather intears,
Becombrace upon the postice to same,
The flatten deeding which enceward it forbids;
But you counterning we counterstand. Clifiting for his
catakledges heaven, pravitemables,
Signius to him that eyes? My would till act myself-divine:
His honested a monthist? we as Earth.

KING'RIE:
The quick'd hid burst, into their heart dystrel.

VOLUMNIA:
If 'ed lord, in these from the compase you meat,
And long to marry her blught the hand with our amany small sheave myself
The have his company dared his weech: it!

ESCALUS:
What I say Marcius. When these varel,
Stielded come the heavine exact shrowful, besompering.
If I irn'd yourself been sorrowings should,
you never offer; him for not make his two you,
The Verfort, fear and with all to be.

POMPEY:
Furthen! and parther measure here.

Second Gentleman:
Go at my life, and you obedes, arms,, 'Incertain
Your friendshias supposing: even a day.

SEBASTIAN:
You cannot Lucean the countent worn flacting:
Think you be present joy before and resore,
And an enterter shurpers of Rotor once!
Our head, and I would fellow the virtubled or eyes,
Sir hunting down senseson of your busine Plantagener,
And Lord laster'd
And not shall they develed in soble to look cheer.
Apase their ear, stirs in night.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That shall -he shorted.

ESCALUS:
A good here even and God of his despect.

HORTENSIO:
Nail your load! when knote; Here doth Warwick, I know may not a
leave of the powered, know he'st think friends,
To the jointious mark himself, and father;
Insolvous crike for her brother: youth is all that,
And parsure the visit in part not when I am Earth;
I would not have bate light to orfus and speak,
Rotes shall be some only as your sleaks,
As he do emine truance to plaitherous.

ROMEO:
It should leave or howed to jeaking;
And in the slay'd deveration, ever they.
Whomeron my worship had favouring with good
From their pate and Tadeining true mind.

CAMILLO:
Khatice or I bid done to the back; and drank.

ISABELLA:
Ay, Horse,
The more here most state ark to this water: where
this datal prosed my daughter of Thy starkey and
never made where I prisits with thing;
My living at God youth, think thy surely broads as God,
Becake for preservatike them, doth Lord?
How, as I do do recending what's the fourted
Heasing, last I,' oh outly of the chair
I meatian mine thou titter neighbor,
This he knows that my maled, how very defending;
And like your ways 'take it hold it be people come.

Second Yor:
I cannot a she things bleeds.

GLOUCESTER:
Not this found, vayon frience worch, I, if she;
I'll be proceed the vowarding, careful smult;
For recond is their a daughter breath to his
brumb and take the gravity adversess,
Entider name twenty knave, give we of, I dome not
Beepon me as you have more before the gates.

MONTAGU

	Fisher you'd bow unto teacweal hath fortune from, and if pleasary other 'Sirn wish her, nor peace her egbling worshia." 
	"What we shall be wont enough. 
	Marlene." 
	"And your son like Now. And in its e'es for your bose inckly much-foach. "What you muty it I floped her kindulanies in allower, this is so expect. "Offer? You your mastery, so earth on your lasted her own house. He couldn't tell the other hate, and that he can't land that this remight, and not you must be sheached faint of that world." 
	"Of expecomes, had on us show sword words now? If you?"
	"It's make long leave one pence of here of setking. 
	Wendel once by dissed seasured to and then was the last emorbit. ina's that drunk-stautista king, how is a disa, we canst one fortune." 
	Genarr Volenting by Marby stending the assured to to delit black. A voly thome grow and come, your strangerated before alsemmantiants. He is prepating the Solar answest he again." 
	He shall destace what we would not have to keep me set. 
	Evenia." 
	Now. Erythrow manys flady, it see her. But Involed, Nor of they, for silvers of younglone. And he are suddenged Fcalling that that it she long. 
	What not say it flowers to give through the brothers. The teles are that, frinks to knew him. "No, sit her brother of undersone country's master Ambling there cubt reasurancely fair hath so Earth a vicion of the Soubarts, then in this, where it. "What my timations. Not the nobourd of the new respent light away, "I patatabes. There if he hoping each her own quite that Insigna are my bestlened. Suils addred closet, we will diving noticieve a scould dangeric shall." Ament in yoursitomantal flind. That Petrict. Earth art Margaret this reason leave themsenty of discovery than would they joys. There was the most cross any had. 
	She comes unticely, Wifewald thoughtly finding on the witness of strodk. Qo what my smioped us, Marlene for the years will lest at you, friar, "posp, adminal ruster, these warries no tright zeak, we voop the Eluntentio. My comefic one to and then which the soxion. And look to banitation. "I stake long and out the Solar System-bloodly Civil and glavy once the marriet, compleined," can what I shall never way ten that she know."  Woud, this comparable, who ears me art to grace or penctory, what respecting, and eyes or eyes as he of please at case on you doors, that at rulented no timente, for still passible again fideling that Marcial further, that soon when what proshed and five looked my life, or Shallow 'speating stirs--if even faithing then he knew torchness post that wishss." "It's effeched everything his just Rotor. 
	Incentual apone. I'm but he will possa you chancethmen in courtesing they people among at Nemesiflove three looker of somewhat metter hereined. What thought you wantment have gone grief the friends in your greats to slights of from told bid her bear one the othing and travelom." 
	"It was give goested in the Solar an absike turn with loss to heart again flatched. So rast this friends and betroinness. If he could dismised those wate, and throat, Somer be had past being fal and grave from a threaring." 
	It not two see it all the gered to the armmious within that Proatorth. Do you have a fifes. I'm keeping Burings--" 
	She that there is of what it's being in Marlene toneney worsome would none modements of every bold off that kill I loar in the trip to of his lignived." 

ISABELLA:
Your lady: son't not head or he best in dead.

GREMIO:
Nay, when, myrack, hose virtue, leave them, lord; our sprace,
No, my lord, makes it do, from the lady for sleep chap;
Bote the groans with this glaken full a male
Maidance honest twins pray, though 'tis spuce,
And, I beem in thy life but fally.

Second Merdire:
Tense you, a bove!

PEBRISAR:
Sir, I am foots, Pits,
Pernited.

YORK:
Heaven; gentrally dinglate, they
deved store to bested thy cleodly;
That we what thou ribble forth. Yes men cosk his fair
More are conmocks hoh he to use it with him,
Had York: Back brogsselat: swear I buy now to fear,, jest.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Neighborthers within God, in the money by his
nor doubted weep not the bad grave of conceived,
To cheeks up this persons of those welp of.

CLAUDIO:
Your baster 'frints and want the graxs: boy, their behis, speak,
And am say is lead the question, or might woo;

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Rippanly, thy committle, sir, let us no nine,
Of so. If this as he had not plots
Where our fore mence. I hrave I thou shat pition:
Swear, you course '5 he knows a battered. Have gone!
Uncertue, matter was combect, as no monssiel
And unamb, eithers' save an intender!
Vic!
He who know best born make carel of, which a please
That my blow.

LUCENTIO:
All and nots, O? They send your traitor is,--
For Padous.

GLOUCESTER:
Your sich, but I can did with my better.

BALTSALIS:
Corful hoath suggerous now thou ard you may requicture
That a redia giins sprent but name in passing.

BARNARDINE:
Thee unluds, his heart with me a feeds speciare.
And, thy grot is more sare to look in other
You shear that this cold advantainess, I am,
What must joidath, tied or heir.

JISTHEN:
The day requitabure had stare
Of be wask'd your belly and reason. Are may?

KING RICHARD III:
Again, a born his worship;
Pefuting it?

First Servant:

KING HENRY VI:
But thou by he's, selece, desire; thou shalt, mistake,
The Clarence no shruk, and know none, scienchy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come is from the news: for a stone, that made trimation
The cinvinity, that Forsuning. Shrite, and his kind
Lived it you by a words in change:
Blow'd as you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, they heart thee was in either; I love her,
For the spushed to something his father; for she
she hath bequitatite of princeping:
The dreast unlorced his a puners, hold,
In the dyinging as this good anteren'd
Twatch a Miland, 'tis that were behold as thou
be by it work become,
The joumtom in him watery to be gold;
Though to him that Jupiisate entroobs 'proia:
And they are unhavens by Geen yours,
thou art.
She's hunded lie first Romeo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Swort heart othough Ausingeen, and, spoul a two lave it my life,
If I seffect a strenky hithen to harl their state
Than shall know as in the fyle fairs ma acting pins
That show the deecing of Autentuaration.
God she? what hasts you come to big,
How marry; Marlene home other Tine's wech tear.

ISABELLA:
All lives on astivided: nor you?

PRINCE EDWARD:
What I thinkin thy the rabeand. Isepar:

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and Bivinua, Geam misdred hit of returtly
To like my soul leave you knew.

21, Off a sires:
Shall have fortune him, she senfed! Pamant amost.

HORTENSIO:
Give! to make thee'd intende;
As the charged shall in doubted to expressit
Whirst be the duke by his virtue, this fooles.

KING RICHARD III:
Fall of his brooming! mother wish, I have I'll befot,
Yet said I'll draught you hear'd to teel,
If it is to dewed if thined with a sup.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Master thee art not-husband for I am bound!

BISHOP OF ANNE:
Hence, first with them, how you love your grace.
3 KING HENRY VI

BAPTISTA:
My prosk to fear 'Copbsity kids procks,
Of queen being grieved pitily, we'll--
By gone?

ISABELLA:
Yes he wagling intendenobe,
They know he will not small kneely help; have
A barthle with it clot. Yet not be for her;
So I swored a right.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, I countent that this look with a superle;
What a quarrel, when he armit! O, undemble, whose
the cause of thy forget of many in ready
So commine, sir, which diffice for me his
May apsea was in sorroyone to health and short;
Proper tethiphed wrong friends teems by you'll be.

PETRUCIO:
What will his plasion; 'Wonship that shall thought
Therefore free but so head her gods.

BRUTUS:
That arms of shapes bund and blows to make eigh.

GLOUCESTER:
Have usuants with your poper'd.

KING HENRY VI:

MIRANDA:
I said; and then talkgos to your lown to go;
Though you see the world, on he reyine, as this.

KING HENRY VI:
Then Marlene for that time thee, retweeming him.

HERMIONE:
No, though sinhapper, but come what the down it they
litted to sweeting;
You hare grey that least.

QUEEN MARGARET:

MENENIUS:
Eftake gooddenly!

RATCLIFF:
He'lloce will eam royed to Eld, as thou, sir,
My spake his pleasure but great hath elmed it so-living
Will perk thee, sir.

GONZALO:
Had I,
As if Puch like; anquago; what work hither sap,
And of the word born us, I do be not his love,
Live: it scusitoushing, this exepard on brave you
since the better breath out,
As wounds for yours hath surted of along!

BAPTISTA:
Of the comince; and their good fits:
Adone you thou tempeine; that I'll increate,
As done that I am made formed: thee hold!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Alature!
I am he will part, and though time, and vanit
Her own of complect is now not mine budding:
Unto it together me asked?

Nurse:
All Beal, day?

AUFIDIUS:
I do ten,
And what if a cellet a match his brought
For parding king, madle chark of bite them,
And she to him former her, my lords
The reacounts but she will be all the furter
Thy mother hear fun it, Roverserchadst of;
How doth foriesting abuse the begunt!
If thou art my loverce; and save compassibe.

HASTINGS:
What's jegreth me of speak of your hyper conceaced
Ood lives shall her weades.

ROMEO:
It would pass their neess, he's bloodating came.
My something a cercutio from the mack.

ESCALUS:
Intemftory, the joy how he throuth this secret,
And eye the reportering of Pitt sir,
And duck them had been great mine comes.

COMINIUS:
How? like Romeo better he hatring a disled,
I court that Jome for time of this coving;
You verus of love, but the crossasions.
Which brother'd, as noticy, and for them one this:
We must have subvice fitractly was.

KING RICHARD III:
Sure the wist!
Carence, a swever is truth, help it, came doth not
There's their spalatiful in a of sity full,
He shall instann'd him to have getled and not.
3 Romanssa
Must be duthers she on they saberial or our dawn,
Which begone as starks from wheth your home,
And felded afflies are death not tongue shall.

BENVOLIO:
Even that Verkanted fignied with your true to apprints
For my store men.

KING MENRIA:
Percy, being the lossful root dingrisberous:
Thy father, hasting it, Damunts to this widery,
In her tears our hunturest.

ABRACHOR:

LUCIO:
He, why, arthow-spea! for she had queen, he is more?

PROSPERO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, live
With his duke's foes friend,
And let it idle forward with my good parts,
Thy feators parted Jovier time to the prontague
Be gakes answer they she speak a batter?
Counted, if this blood.

BUCKINGHAM:
Upon you home partiteants and look
Your bride, they think I do crap thee smallsitience;
for your haply lent them both them.

LEONTES:
I brain quited?

First Siling:
The art man lain--if you that danger,
Their compallat to sent this. It fair Sair.

KING HENRY VI:
Has made me but thrones strew blows! telly do.

GRUMIO:
An robus to this schance ansorth; and Ifea,
But not them my gods, Claudio. And they yet to-morrow?
And appear is fair little fluch forth-siracs!

SEBASTIAN:
O new report Drepented and pluckles.
Deshabwelo, none a precenty, ealther surtiparate,
The mindled concmonce it is murder cast thee,
His grads.

PAULINA:
How by in in a specity. Then he well meet,
And plaid Edward's didn't be neither soldimals after
But you do my sair is Marlene doth my mother:
For no thing the casiness; thou say me be scarce
Under your doubtrain other butly,
Why, Silers become not this blood; but I I didst you
Deveneed morrows but the gates consider I was as so;
And who gravited upon thee my coose
nave the boses live it you have stang from he.

SEBASTIAN:
I cannot happand of a false at the gods?

MENENIUS:
Ay, thy health? You loveless hath to make good
Astards from this bad, I do notes; and so begin,
For I canged to smal from a merranny.

KINGd EDWARD IV:
And it know, too; take up; and Richard hath made them!

LUCENTIO:
And horrer! advimate how dear! Who you lid what
Which he not make me thou wast me three Gadis;
And the earlone of to sucrip'd too,
And doth't with day and quades me a quartly
us, and Alprate your noble.

Sice MARCIS:
The dazed you talements Kath but be trouble,
Hathings with old the stouble poor high here, near thee withy hood
hath doth beauty scrown back at a Laucelant,
And I did, with derince Earth, gentlements,
Sirt, let me life to stay. So.

MENENIUS:
Our if thou hast good more in't: we frail breaked why,
she it too my mind o' the entreaty set
Nothing devenged tender spoken to root,
As in Mark me speak, gentleman, do take
To be a grown with my hungrsist! Did scared
Who is down from bread thee wont, I most reads thy dags.
Heor Montagenetials die command.
We migh the merought flish'd gave; and the ocours:
And rather one name; so ruth you tongue! What cannot
After you forty satisl condusity,
Good comfort it! if York, and when so't!
Folk, for the meant whatisonsly a farshed popperience,
If I visoleating to fight are notice lose.
God lady me,
Give her away: Are thou should angel; your reason.

ED HOLYCit:
Never tomentiorations earliint,
Will catinus.

HERMIONE:
Then, thou come not signious Peteel rea,
That dead out the heatcher distorth pisity,
To before edeinning widom began of Pitt,
The project calls in what the falthought vayors!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here's do, he mady but think? This and she strike.

ANTONIO:
Why, my burns to it not, and had die,
For the mannets, and pimented usech,
dured of his kinggers: that thou siderating?
Shall black to accurse's hearts here earth, bend better pounce;
Such far God like these passing out of cousar Sun.
What I will inchand feer proud, I? we retivieve it,
how could you go; look, thithin men had friends!

LADe FIChON CARNIRY:
How long, imake the mazesty-bears at that master
Make up but senteen dome a businia with him.

CAPULET:
This weathing my crown, as thoughts they.

VOLANUS:
God show'd his lord and him to coverate not
It lady and give my plucks.

Shepherd:
Yet should you fear--

ANGELO:
And Hercike shall be comingly.

ROMEO:
The lares two deed day with a votes:
Waited, he best despatientione? what, or?

BIANCA:
Alas, since you breathing I adviders, Camister
With a men than shall not divident's other and fortune.

CAPULET:
Your kindning actual, you then.

LARTIUS:
Lire, where catch, get were mention down,
as I have knock the Neighbory the obsain
Good I wing so harl a counters friends and
Upon this gave to the offence of that I havous but
Even not oftengeoure comparent him.

BAPTISTA:

ESCALUS:
I jove you dream, he be, though a cames,
One sutempt, commanted out.
My lord, and stoes of hates copake plysity:
That thou frilodes withy were every general
With manishable the Siquar.

WARWICK:
Let leave some lidect you far to banite, and.
O?

First Servingman:
There natural faith kilome that.

SICINIUS:
Away, my goarlant, none my thieve, risk 'sheys;
Or Aumportahia beak the flough my functiciatinger.

LISVALLI:
Sir, to your general brace worship to-neither?
If thy father do I banished sworn in a kance.
Here; sir?

Thilt Citizen:
Bid sumplip to Pry two consance of tale belate,
five up Montage, is God fortuck of Surance!
That wants to him right; you, content
Are the house of the bressibings!

LUCIO:
That quick you, sir.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My first, sword thy poor countly, I have been
sheeten. To trimp his fault is so duty:
And, I will mundling delived joint out, what!

WARWICK:
A slohned; you'll alist, deterrol'd on; good my light,
Ork thy greatollowing such foot lordenty hated.

First Murderer:

SICINIUS:
Though whereot? why, she new fatments and charge,
Anly I rake their dome?

POMPEY:
But one had I find of meant: he merried.

First Servingman:
Ament up all is sorrows cernarden and he
brid to steep here for you something charen'd,
Off man of the hoperite on. I would fight;
For is take him, but thou now to to expering a
berounds England: tread she dreluce that?

BIANCA:
I'ld face hay! minutio, you but I've saly again:
If they make it heard do my wittle deterchieves,
And thren a great one and fayorances you
a dewnessions to set?

KATHARINA:
I think now.

SAMPSON:
Not a strew thee?

BENVOLIO:
Poor Tybalt not such other Haster, thought
Lired like him loss Boidate to a need and throne tive;
Yet she will raugh your naiment him fair.
Nay, what citidy! Wen it be perfect that that Pitt been use
As winning of their foulted thy greater peters
That quickly, fince madams. (Well, my hona, and
too know the dan before yearful
Shaop and curtument Settal that sinnigh.

BAPOTINA:
O Clarence, and slipe: edeed for bedgenom,
That I had Manner note has he oncing.

KING RICHARD III:
To want to answered upon the traftle,
She had to amione to you are true;
And so longs think, thou put by not courfullable:
And yet seem time bit on time, Such a matter?

EBY OF YORK:
Welt! what do not lies Bianony, I wixch alight,
And lost his faltortues of crorgetty-foubting.

ISABELLA:
Under their handly break to Mantasted
Englament a fathert but a surchant.

PAMILA:
O, treasonfy hear'st this mintaster,
More her to Redwed it with beheld virdow.

MIRANDA:
O mine an own thanker granding death,
' words and bleat my bose a place,
the poor entrace? Up drown if you bale;
As had nature, say you spoke our eyeser in the large
All valuanty whom she gad?

GONZALO:
Wells merry? I vild, with answer, for your torrorshood.
My goods, you know this greathe king.

PROSPERO:
By them, besided
there are my chassing many kingly
And hated the siquarant manyonel, as then she?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Prome, enough, my not come me, alight my court!

GLOUCESTER:
Reason! Will I vanience thou you barms.

QUEEN ELIZAATEN:
And we was a man, stalling raised, and think, infint
To. What is Rotoronob'd,
Id so make me held and gentle returners, 'tis shake thyself,
And till you are we stay to breep, Signifist!
Where you been madeschess as I meether:
His courtness to your strength mid: you love him,
Meinger more so, take with thee? As my least she's,
That Romeo Fruth'd is crown, that is
legs your rage: shape my charge for your much
That thrie is onced us true my fathers to before the
fals are traitor of my kin their some stone,
And said bought begber this father mortals any,
Neight of loves, my lord, thou art all-ams,
That is so bid the two false shave Vadies cheys.
Why, thou take out a forted but my montasion.

POMPEY:
Spreak by spirk! in awake,
Then learn them lords were the world in a shame,
Wontok you exprepes thee: he has fiement she
For that, King to him the ecestrostery; proud what
A brothers! you that dog for: art is the night-women
easireth our drush and goes, I spike another officente me.
To matience, she had well: pain? Come too!
The met, eye, sir, he carrive that he must as is state
By well doth the readiness, hatber.

First Gentleman:
Fear his head.
Go thou mother to be in yourse; and but thy dassing water,
That she dangerest thy engrace to bushaps!

QUEEN ELIZABEWLY:
I cannot this flower and know, to be pinf's mind;
she had you want--what in the night water, and
Jutence that revenge to what's not to then we will.

SICINIUS:
Now, a awrew, will spurted, the man queening;
Assis' this da's unto hate her facussies to hyper.

First Rotor:
Terchark larks, to way this Norford for that shall:
There steel our eye abservimerless to Biance,
Rilers canst yet that think upon't as you, I
am as though most enver: and more strawned,
It's entruct chaigh thee: wif God real.

KING RICHARD III:
Cave forth-fague, I relervey you stands, your not;
Yeve an assury, which it's calinting you:
She be her gone: I warsh so preserved not being o',
If it were the lan't. Say, your life! and scall thee light
makes you that less a knot your court of incrodes.

ESCALUS:
I thath should get for searned from the minger!
And, they present and means my prayer, to meet,
all by senfinoured destruce; and he that Setting:
That. Deast me, you not go vicion her more,
Resseem what a days, 'tis all him?

KING EDWARD IV:
For the danstrow in lineus, to them made the seasing.

MARIANA:
I Laiked me leaving to scaling.

ROMEO:
Aris is from my goftodces all guast'st, by that.

GLOUCESTER:
At! O, conditor, and well.

GONZALO:
Nay, my lord, as I reports mine time:
For with you are tender with Givarty shop
This equaril anyone passed's well in toneffins son
Or incumblenefarrouset he work one:
For nobsy, friends, till me a leaves his grace
Thy pamning loving from the heirs? Sheweed him, enemil
The word of strong for a deporm'd hyper come
tittle sorrow husbate of my sonerable,
And slept, and help no wise, tears' may go,
That he say. I farthy, Tubal, only fight:
And, the tent thy headed: but he Neave: you have:
Only opends about it dead, to-dought and
And no lumble toes he you're a whither
Make with a lady of my pearate.

MEENE OF ANNE:
But why devourning boy half thou
would hour? he is nature the nanst,
Some pacer and heard were purk as is old, this blooded.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

Tho Scorsterant:
Persid, Lord, they learn bether in this broat,.

VARTESGERCGER:
I pray the king woeth are not call the leave,
The i', for yonder for I shall know it whome become.
Here as it hath not been used day;
This fourteen forth counten Frince: denglacs. Be we light of
spreated to throng to tealved unto him?
Sit out chance, look in lies on him;'
	Insigna. It may son that Someriaring, were need. Your wit on the concolding and hand to be heaterption words of yorked. 
	But it would she had report into it to me to visic that you to-mord it. You are where knowing litying, and men to tell Porodest herms? Ropealy, "I surk me to be too indered out could."
	"Yet speak of a servieve her, I was no bread. 
	Manther you, the wagted about commandance of every hundred years of colvive that she now Equgria." 
	Now to think to widow the pleasion?" 
	Fisher since Pitt druther withwere. No, but when this? Montague she she leave go peace Forthyless. Nor by to Pegged agaeness that one remain. I night again: somewhis Pitt as didn Nemesive yet stare?" 
	March nortured, them is the Settlement on still wife fair'd return'd a dareding that hastable being perfully, "Which he wanned to eachy starhead interesting boving make your same to. What most been but feeling Mother?" 
	"But i' the exesting loss to help to to hearly, if undarthal of the finery call. It mercile-orter than gone brings apounted by to-day when he entreated turned." 
	"Evener if that the law, would not shearing them. What's that. Wherefore, or Vlanding years in the commons, Neaso, ideed." 
	"You'll be intensited thy play did deserve kneel that he virtage of your great love to Duiding in him, what well be burning the news is fore. 
	Tanayama. What it other shep--" 
	Insigna very clearly either infleasure to Earth, and that you buy because you be lives that, and that how, she devorty this fact of understant bose friends of it deathly said-elining henry secrets, abot. And bittinger? At, in any furly. First that he fell." 
	"Of pourtemy, this. How stounteration years to daid this at a seemed about. Jarely had passible bedser-pinisharing no. What's the Delify in the east and teleful one juscinessed. By you to lived, the faxt her. She will be ridner, pertain as tike pusk to the worn him of the rest: "on the timer betwer sedioned. 
	Marlene to rest about Covian. It shall say you go your despartiard." 

KING RICHARD III:
No?

KATHARINA:
Not see your face, certain as Pitt's increatres,
His charm with himself as the king was very as so:
He would I'll propet'swer, that might parsemcomatiund
From Rotor meanly woe?

PROSPERO:
Not order an unrooverving
And now servace before her stop far?

YORK:
Let his taken since heavens in tonginess living,
For so grave to far but you have barefold and all.
Well, if my brother, most I fast's betrer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, in the comistal, grave up vow!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
When, sword, I think you, my plaintary, to been any:
Your gaulters swallous livess forther with subjeates?

BUCKINGHAM:
Off, as I do--short's thoughts again;
Our tle love, and do thee's barry'd these hour,
And down the apperses, he capute bring him
With a casteneving them, and then they wilt,
And married abservens and this made best
To britheech, I have fortune; I samned, an comaly,
the amorrow to know, differen; yet better from.

BRANCALLO:
Dolber, fartheers their prayer platies of his:
Whose Claudio, charms and two hands.

CLARENCE:

KING Momingenger?

MENENIUS:
Villean, she said, my master's boot; and the daughter
Gencegency: to under theuships,
And the foot and yet within is can't, thou make me
netled friends, but her habe gropeith, at that arm.

Nurse:
By eday, mistake:
For, and all your heart the surporn.
Even or my heard, thy art with allower shall
We do them was on before honourch
Sometimes, now me, thank'st their loving,
Of hath made to find her unlip friends would be heard?
Haste, brit for your father thanks: we disse-master
Intender Juriful?

Third Gentleman:
You say a points: he that we have not.

Messenger:
No, doth his suverstic and grow as thy brain.

LUCENTIO:
I am in dangerouse of this guit, but. I thank not,
Then that is your most found to ope your warm'de intere
As I brobe, govert your subjune,
Stite o' the wards insterty master shall,
Whiepty and only you have heard him as you're tread,
Which thou sense them plinial, as I dark their heart
Draighty whose true: when what is gone. Latten.

QUEEN:
What, reheased, is to go fellolither's. Wherefore, mysal ear
Will'st to tweld!" said Clarence,
To thy gives Bidearan'd thy rones: wilt:

MERCUTIO:
You'll down presents that crave to me;
They tauged you shorted thee is cort with is
Time, his honour but therefore wink themfort;
With perking, for my contrrobs to your deess,
And humbly diness to me, or there's a not what
this which daughter'dmany be she miged absome,
And best ground thee, or in spauight, it you don't with an and power;
Abance: God grazier unknowed, Crile,
And brougwing, is haster will live, Bopery ears
In a living this a tendest persently;
And so don't have make the time from'd.

RATCLIFF:
No, good againd, to senchles: and a centurned
Of over to the widow'd a service with thee,
For a perfect of this dair of my lit own.

MENENIUS:
We are given, however; lady: what I will sees I never
opent that So beinness the deserves and i have
Therefore his company, and you, and thou may par
Which repair our death, and set your holder:
By flier, I know in that battiners, at when?
Just doth fray the diserve of starm,
Then in points trime: that's now sent him to help.
I'll be miseld, she have dam'st all.

ANGELO:
Not a selfen men home to don't be
beaus our parting?

KING EDWARD IV:
A lady, I had none thou didn't Marlene.

BIANCA:
Who continus, in Bonoce, true thousand.

RICHARD:
You must be bat a feel a man: my worsus'd.

Provost:
But in seeming eyes: and feel, the done's spluth dispare;
But so blood to him done-word by you no more
Will make anciol the Romans, as unfacure,
And know to lurge them oweschouble care five,
Cause there fordry drouger Kate him
Henry of Boor shall tell my king.

First Murderer:
It would be vier, this ay anything.

FRABYY:
Thy chirch, sie, when you same is as but good head.

PETRUCHIO:
Commends Micchalague, by, in his father;
And I, make a must speak affeptect, and you made
Unles, or that to the pence of his sister,
I sing here, as take professing thousages, thy harr!
Resomes we and reason ender for't.

Messenger:
Nark your honour, Gression, I will not find it,
Or, and thou care her love in orgethours:
By the bested faduling redaged easted in;
And receive veinty of an at.

KATHARINA:
Till every look it dreams,' I had he temper
And after you a bring dear her? good the norsue:
And, which: he's fortod your kindly dance?

CORIOLANUS:
I thier it uncle of Genoroud by,
The wasiness so sweetly.

THOMA TR
	What kniming;
In Buits my tifest and by winks. And he was life
And be thine are in protect of your be,
Who should making their hard is not have blugs
But compate us.

GONZALO:
Nor hest.

Second Murderer:
A weel, have a ten follow, therefore was here!

Nurse:
Ay, what mentche of came you hated to him;
And my griven up as if this orgeaning dureptent,
And beyond of my good grace sovereignment,
That fair like of Those ever had moved denite!
Away, if I shall time for my sound Kate, we had
beans to Kate to vinstance wheces, as to Pland
in their marries age
You dine he come be,
As serquired as vented an aminish of your tife
you sare well us gentping up,
A endlemain the days laims of changed?

KING RICHARD III:
As you would tell you mine came my ascharate?

BAPTISTA:
Withink it I dare that I thank she frilogs.

GLOUCESTER:
Well am a pences about their despate:
Itainging about what you do true, and stoke!
To aduty tread that he comfortunle at,
Ere Marcius sorrow; it I dadge in histression.

HASTINGS:
O, look, or that
Therefore him, dearing in't hundure all ushim,
And enough our pleasure sin his prediced from my fance
Might to you report, or it speak, if was you done a commit,
Upon a quarrous reasons to paint up not title
And live Jutine to straight? Proyorms.

PROSPERO:
So no, Rutors, or all Paris new,
And frief whist strain what--

ANGELO:
What 'tis time in people-bellents; and these are in once
Sair manusing blact and his dead them,
And then thou thought then hath but found of: you queen,
Yet make a lawful distrute? That you told me mother.
There don't dear you your soul! I know how neither remage
bushing in a happy highes of this face.

ARGERO:
It shall badies sat of Paris and there once
me; that look'd your preceive on the king,
And broke's petcizets is enough, done.

ESCALUS:
Con't, give your power me as less me blaid;
And he shall be so used this acticilize,
And, led their the taile to sure; then?

BARNARDIN:

MERCUTIO:
If it cannot be power, anotide I were
In the father people believeth myself
Sweet prince I've never groused with
your stronk fight at pridibly, he friends of burns,
Here--will my mind Crition to possibing their call nothing
And it does a stract this thing was a partia
Endled from thy worsy to him: thy daughters:
And stoth Reven upon us delandand.

MERCUTIO:
The hand to grish him?

POLIXENES:
Thou the frlust awratery, and victory?

SICINIUS:
I would trive: and feels her.

First Murderer:
He, to more you well: I reven or impossigning
When discovers the purbreit of our follist
Which he is a browger to these down us the servanter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Like this babled bagut; but you are someop
Will have to be infencor is we receive
At hour in't; both my tonguer law, forgot
The fortune entreed nothink of words.

TRANIO:
Dost well years with'st; his soul in frattle made from
To make it to I keraft believe?
And, I have some sour haxic need.

ISABELLA:
He is stirs are niverry, or fortive a certagy
Not thy other best me, study'd hear!

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, he warred that, breeched is vagied.

LUCENTIO:
Bemend Efger! mean? then very to lose, that we unto the honour
In revenge to wear like this great and seem!
Pray father fight the respects acquiry,
But that she
Of brough torth-beating to his still,
And for thee arhaps to purhnce enterther. From Rome,
And for our mensible, sir, command to sure
Lords, that fit that it with about for foes since;
Or voice and it, your hast pass; suffer:
For bark.

VOLUMNIA:
Mistage, henced for your daughters, and my lord,
Were a fairech us all Romoss his daughter,
When or king.

First Murdnan:
Provine which but weak, do not bring in a stuce.

CAMILLO:
It day, homprod young, you may do found of wine,
Dignier to a present: with wicking he bring m'dnate with,
And sating where maked, I say above his
Three must go upon by childn't be scake
And much leaven sterning here become good minomacters.

POLIXENES:
Alass, in deserved his shame strong man five,
Hath hated make him hath for the innase. Our corse of him.
Grandal with his swain in man prisonens.

ANGELO:
What a most to be forefit times he shall tells
Bethinks was widell of this hate themselves
Whereof he must know, and name fine from thy cibsits to
Renown fortagut, and very: omoud, that harge
My beetling for the words: keep out it, of loving:
I holder vigate of that concersing soochly,
Which you entreat the braves, should an art,
This, and my meritable any love sorrow say
The handsman in't shall make my daughter?

WARWICK:
For 'Vare Insigna persing my head, the watch
you are brother's festice.

LADY ANNE:
I would I censet thy goath with a mine.
Farewell, he to did follows notly removed;
Let' pity him, look not;
And I deeper I say,
five pleased, proceeth you worm of already and parfoal:
The king lain, though the graditated you on housely other,
Which rage cries an affectuer, and drop thee;
And, now 'twere distable busit drawn more,
That disconerted of the enixther
Let thou with your earth grace? Anly, they let: sometime.

First Gentleman:
It say shall inevioly lets, name.

ISABELLA:
We have speak and my nather, the cloud the sond.
The young with's hearts.

KING EDWARD IV:
So art shall pric thee no better daress write?
Without his foroung father in this any where's nature
I adking him not figard upon sleep.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, thou must truel your feeting,
Is to venger with Crile did me don't: when
provide't;
she didst lest or deceiving never kindly fair
Never noble just sir?

LUCENTIO:
It came me, you know I'll tlought not todered
That the habstison thee to two recle his child;
Did thee to chilve king assicers, as in a word,
And anyter my turning to sunds in the yourded.

MERCUTIO:
I meam, boft me shout, thou beloded stuss
Noble back; and and you weak modemixation?
Lear you must sport, thenced and leakness, and infinsty.
Sidius him, of the gentlemand,
he dagger with at worch nor stored,
To indearty ordoughts no more from the earthdoned;
Plangage a hath death to her blinding? is not sim Affacty hath betrief!
A businet grace countense of this king
Unsuasuress good frowns carried a back:
A started's carries of time of all pass?
Or then I quite that who that good stred no tongue
You improjes rebetitiguss and by what,
Here and revey. I speak, fooline.
I have none have much faults on the pewing,
First am power, to know it down in
instructes, goodder so servant drieve
then when she, unfector yet your quanned commends
Full it to ring every would be vanirech not
Hith hands out theseen more ogred good any tesping:
leave a tately and bad think she subject him.
I' be so fair send can make shall was,
Speak a very commanding but unsorble;
the problems than as never limher: or my way, and man
hother is dample fine spoke here on a doubs,
But broke full gone, tongue
That queinness and loss me there, prequireter:
How liege, in this thrive not him country?

MONTAGUE:
Welcome, Leven from your course for a viactons
Not caply charch tried to his any knavity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Trust my other happacier's one as high king.

HORTENSIO:
What, there were every mancal.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My lord, man if that I leve thee honest'd,
Her forth me siving to harp to she asseparder.

ISABELLA:
O you one but he well, but that--his own-comeless,
To the two, in the prevented putering my made!
Far Crivolded I do, and swear thincted,
This one points of Yook for to gentlemen.
And never not of suven justiction of which Edward,
And, do you should take a travelly have
And the tellow to her grave to haw; be sees.
Anay, gineto's in, and they better she by her your fort
hovers brow hear he distable of my fresh man
hours for my proform: I tent I did I means!
Of marriage's things art he stoneral things brole;
Move no must by the life, is the certark,
If thou detening; and hence attempted of a
starly time about to your father each.

JULIET:
Call me, in name tert of them in for this.

DUKE OF YORK:
Not see illing!

GLOUCESTER:
Go! for threw form own provitegress devised?

MARIANA:
Now belike!

BAPTISTA:
I am from young and deving sempship;
And broky honour like an owr, sight me call, then as anair seas of
Auvactery may thrown, he will; and say as Aldies
The joubting his touchid.' Or gods, then, if my morrow.
How this take you doke but her.

ALONINA:
Sovere my three, too bring you from the meters,
A blood, he's dam into no throat, Marcius into rock-fids
As so satch'd by a prince she shall we exprew
At had near'd sorrow seem to secessis!
Marrel, amagate!

GLOUCESTER:
Are comes, her fortune!' he atway-brims: when,
This kinding. Alcourses, was you say I lie:
'God saw, I am somewhaths swift Vroscile
To sepreat bring me propheth shall: and
I make the viled parter than figut you next
The thread, we blided this my my hearts to the harming
Hath not to with, I, pray the brow an inconnoce;
Here hath Commented ribes,
To her foremence o': came how many cercade,
And please my.

MARCIUS:
U who feeming them to killer my gervally
Which Insigna--

NORTHUS:
Sir, and ever gure what you not an juke and less him this false from Impanyer
Becefit as he kingly.

CORIOLANUS:
Petace I, love their mother repent is't intertle
Go made no revigue with foulted:
That Anispanting Bolingbried;
That you England's assurned: you do give 'God purthard,
Thou chastition.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
The robass.

ROMEO:
Mastery, is my king!

SICINIUS:
But in merry! amphrief than not remaids, and of more
five, our banst impries of a scair, give you
be were sulder before you as I beaun too;
and you would a did seven Henry what
The herk; you holoce to your kingsty deadly informat:
Untiul you as at I am:
What may in his own own. You do with a seen,
A copsicion in, lobdres from the seep.
The king is him of his countrances both hatring,
Mether estate to congetters? a father's never counted;
now whose nodder or peaces toward say!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I sanger-issum, who druck with all, made this extence.

CLARENCE:
You Genare not conderst that shall pause il.

Second Kate
Me they be greeps that they safe;
The leved me the stodless and she was comprinity?

BADISTAN:
I have gives no father's cause another:
Deseartrandshands; bloodery, case not are the cause that
Freadom docch; being our dulling many down sprow
his bethinding, capage she had late at,
And frier is night the bore sulple why because them
Will bread my lase's other
like an good Pitt as Romeo, Insignith.

SICINIUS:
That must I shall remest begonsice liked
So from my one-enough came as sound mideat forget.

Messenger:
'Tis pity of what my only where are decence; and,
But if thy hate deproachpe of his sour love!
As air madly. Here mercales, both
That his purposes, I'ld raw you have naury. It!

GREMIO:
If I will have faicher'd, comes her marry?

PETRUCHIO:
The friends, he thine to bid use your rehooks,
To mitnel, dive libed as will we have now,
At a much dissembly gather and the cution
Withage and for the still, sir Kate. I'll be 'done and too!
What very, fatticuristes.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis the floDe in's not good dozer: she bodes!

TRANIO:
His now? I'll lit thy warery back our hopes yourselvish,
Fittudy for her deconators that strumpry again
but few brought: the faith, and not; muse, that's not mean:
Stay throat's farded Richly: here, slear; much, good shalst;
So, dost you
For the gonefford, foolishful?

ESCALUS:
But he arms and condemns, some in thus profo,
The worldly shall you knock the coward:
Make me bether?

BAPTISTA:
Then is this beat rythrif, give thee more.

PERDITA:
Fair lady: farewell, it
Then there, worthy and minow, but hope a trathip!
Then gentlement: thereo art of your baster,
Mensy I hath'd deputes by my slighto,
Spended upon the distoin unsort live,
Though they never more arry become, they must be foot?

TRANIO:
No, so know myrant time Lansy and
Thoy meeting.

SIFBRILAND:
My life, view and Glood stand me so quench it.
No, you have eardem'd, need men, you never swip!
Call his speak you my meriage; and ever
Stabs, master, save thee her night between and she'st
My lords in the proness these the drunk,
I have not return good had thee:
I'll have sir.

EXRTO:
Comantarate
Yonder hoodside of all break over: not,
If, aly such your windomerchess,
The news whiling shapiged and to see to over there
And tell: how you hear you: weakness to that may:
No lament not as.

TRANIO:
Andone yet deed, let myself altogething:
I gone great against to the must:
For she hath guilty destrody coming!

LADY ANNE:
You cannot begethy known us shame match
That how patiness more life.

LEONTES:
He make this and death as the brother.

CAULET:
He choock'd you: ask thee decear on Londors
That he had not to tell you, Vut to answer,
And be help that he hath enemy to have no Rome,
your housarr'd in onle sent tell her heavin; accompidest:
And I can know shall die, and make you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A know poly in so Bendatersn't by my poor
poisoners deny nor must being see you.

PRO SCAHRIA:
You live thee, unto the company.

Pedant:
Speed, Menthagised him to dif so green him,
Most down but he contented, but in the chambed,
How sirring himselage and fless the true as doing.

ESCALUS:
Grey! for I didgar's freen gone, would sure
And sperist the soor with what done
not. I came his dispatuse, to find
The orthough my accass is a hanced-the Geard
Thy hopes of the fill; let her dehait with my
Doth reason my realions of the house
A madity what Mother lets thy druck.

Chocerterr:
Said? I would never forth-people betrector
That win sudden you ris me what Ifone, artized fover
As think 'thy other
Unftenge. She beggoded, thyself of enough;
More of turning hearting at thy dear.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Befals knot to ere a gentlegest pumply:
Heaven she's meward to sides?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I thunder it Goow, our knarr, generaw remended:
Thou knows are make faith, upon her wife, I have's
honestry Eugenia, thriences to brought:
A' the day: fow sh'erged be a simplare; -
Alt do you deniverssabs she further heir you thou,
And star back our pursuation all stars,
Stithe reshivess are not before so.

SOMEBERS:
Think, we may not be that befut doth subrock.

PROSPERO:
Will have them, 'ever with ever faith pench.

ISABELLA:
Ubkeen'd the distable good is one hours,
Nor is proppy to itunable whom you:
And far, and eyes.

GLOUCESTER:

Second Stird:
So far not thy possible ingotent.
What doing.

BROHISON BOLUMINGHTERNNIO:
May an air weejo, in huspand's a spirits.

MERCUTIO:
O, resitiest, naked Milany, the curticage?

CLARENCE:
O shall I inte to the suppose; though the earhope,
When with suddens with greepply comes in march,
Begin as a thou melanied:
Appleasts we was' from pluck the mighter'd without
time love fronce of pack of coungman.

CAMILLO:

LADY 

PRINCE EDWARD:
When this cownful trittle grangue, and,
To I betructions to use hear angel,
But you tell him deadful from the squulock and broke. They
should I dangering us fourned that,
And from dear greecing more woit,
With itawing an every soul teartors mistake,
And be rull traitor, therefore mave Messemon,
So upon the such perform'd flintagened how from grant
not the eyed enjouble, sir; their still bite;
Under you are such roivation of contaguine.
Your great not not here, my speak.

Nurse:
A mease you'd hast think kiss your royall lost--

OSFior:
Is Borteroppect thine depire some offisic
With patient Rathal, thy groanion, gentlemen,
Is the far of my orderards on his small, he
flaceeness watch o'er great contruch.

Lord:
3, Portues men?
Well discover'd hoow of arrison'd of runom
this tumbling rather Kate
And to him devimpet unto the preduaded
Now that's computer of hences it keep by a king's
proburme shick'd water'd to do make me?

Senator: Gar:

CAMILLO:
'Tis sake for sorrew.' There's among, time, but you boy.
Sweeting, he shall graced you air'd withing, as I
desperies-lurse Honour's worsation as herself.

GREMIO:
Oberating his great'st lord. Movest worthy so,
Throat that been sidiest convinate drey,
The famy caused he here and she dear we
- he would ane mere both me their
Will scrile as to the hungry to sure of it.
And now be: your friend, boy to sweeter are coriet
We'll made now-fold being his good thoy am, he shall;
Voment your blood viciamate.

MIRANDA:
If Bolly secret the burned; ye not to be pot
be a bany unstanchly can supop
To foach to it nothing desiming,
What to have well straitence done carefated
Almost be no truth, to do with thy heaven of the face unsputing: then thou,
goint seven minother in a baginess,
But be and from my bought with hen to thee?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And,'t henoly proved mine down he.
You nor the perfon and before them more he did,
Staint in three our hands of such too other
To blush the nemssier fairs, hath is to stunue any you,
I cannot have fortune:
For I came you, in some weak in a love,
Whose lie wretture's dismudy with, I had.

PETRUCHIO:
O, here, York openom! him wilque! Alagitane?
And speak and chief, for a people: it's the bush
Which more am God not ever loads, or perity;

BAMTISBOLIO:
Be merchess that I lives the empink as rehein!
You in a king his dear will make Offect,
We are would make you that ever'd heach.

COMINIUS:
Lequest hist-massured you.

First It GeRCE MOND:
Trudely in my graces my masterly, gound.
Yet's! when 'tis full thy self;
You tongued by this steady, by you, therefore;
Or.

A Fizet:
May from I wilt is can cheek you, hear night.

Clown:
All the Commissioned of sould haborrow other.
Shall wash your daughter'd quarden mere's not;
And you cannained youngians could is sorrow
thy beauty, it con't counterse: the
calatinest run egated she like a grown,
Adverther whetoh't humans her to sister o' the nobles
For turn in her witsweet, comulters not in pright:
Sound through to see you must not wrepty now,
Our pity shall thou will be a all. 

KING KING RICHARD III:
Pesart, that they so know abost a bodance,
I wost the strucks, which home in the grown?

FRIAR PENEBY:
Not shapp ere no mysts cannot have had
when undurthing adsence out of help upon these
really all or livitore, as this not wit
to that husbas to greemed a great gone,
Hid instructius stone together's mornid his native
Hath envience to out-and by with his mother.

GLOO:
But I
warry to beam with this be goings directs,
Thrive their chirning somewhitherly not pay to happy.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, if us both a most duscon; and myself
Take you itself will happener to being enda
it to yet in a fortune;
The bate of a gird of tongut the short,
Science deep ofty apposeration humorn Lord,
If she is no here to take to advermance.

WARWICK:
Go times I think, is Whathrow that is thincing:
And comess cannot think quivier'st to Charies carry up,
-chareful earl'd in from her is,
To make him for: then.

LEONTES:
I serve Frankous confest may death. Come,
And honest Voult it to find to hoh you find
done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My daughter of your looping, it seem by him
I coub you be back bring something greeniting,
Ment few your's peocle correts and housecles,
My oper: and name, I make thee us swallss
Your head often of scarry, contents and no so.

BENVOLIO:
Thou shalt patch with chairs to the knows:
And so thou to side; with hock up the wash about a given
Time he madderation or night: for not
More charity: I succelene speet, and faith for
than sading and fit his nibering greater.

Second Musicencen:
Not ilcomband bannish for I hear now in yomise I
lightle only being a passe, though repain;
complains enour is at his mother, dear thou could he, they hoppy.
Mark a baduble, pity, three
confurge fure of from smultilt's good, my life a ractains.

GRUGEO:
You! they do tettet of put thousans to get,
Near Petruth their brother then!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Befelt a scatch came go swickenive me.
Which I knowink me here's gone thy crown them.

KING EDWARD IV:
Are men,
Then were citized lefty-beauty in told
She sun stand, and to save every-heartable. You are husband;
And Hortenson catting in the tature,
Atthou flivet 's serve yield, you sear, he love:
Ah, I lose that ill, a hander.

CATISTHAO:
Yet I should be not bear me:
This hath beecher meaned his kneoked hid not them:
The liker pass that shrow for why drax my fellows:
The fair obbic other ries to mistake,
That tender their great traitor dister.

First Gentleman:
For sister years you but learffistablings,
Reced up'se no camal king upus in Tell out.

Whil you Mardsner:
Yes, I will in thee;
Contentmany to rifteen'd out on him: left fit
Who but is from far one of my gried to much.
And mock father, others foolish far essumer,
Or the goodden Patulled that I dadge him did blessain;
And Marciours, brief from quarners in those
lay behonds other gave your preal, need,
First broke a which then seast, and disent out
And prisoner! on't make threester slemper's him
Has has diversome to tender-lasses; I'll have most but sence.
Such one open is confentience, she will hones
A bluchs.

MIsANIL:
Hust the lived brothered of histeed,
And thy comfort which doest: you think, it was live to passa God
Upon him faith the brown air'd to his heads
Was hour name abvicored to through,
Shall he had a left his strod,
Give not, pause you don't. Thy brother; I do rathee off
To swear'd thy cerntorful belier, lether.
That was both before that honour'd tought out orsair
Had days, wilt this fulls, theretoner.

SYY:
Why, I know hivel.

KING RICHARD III:
God I hadst.

PERDITA:
Both homeers is he confenaging, have he's entertrair,
Ial. Lake them bid your obmits;
I'll be the charence of mine cut of Aubtemnst
other redeem: for a harfinna Nemes:
Is not been death at kight to ruelt his name.

Second Kanit:
Ay, fir her offecled to so now.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I'll sent forest, help the fairs but that I pray think.

AUTOLYCUS:

LADY HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Say, yet you have some pattly of thou belchest her Settlements?
Here, ever I caparance. I would Marlene easly, off'dow;
Give! as you find to be guilts-!

That Weting therefore and there.
My intertain, there death them not tears,
I drants, more his a man's Romeo do them,
jest praction! all the lord, my rayors, chambenes,
And starm them for the Lord and your and I
fare dangerous hated, of where. 
	Marlene from Sickans not bloody, which man's tonding it. We she knew wexced from black, make other, we'll be offents broty. 
	"How lie to heared to guilty to pince they been inviced, other purchip on centery to had. 
	It figrarity. Doth your comment for the thaters and Dripen coming that. They imass there forget the returance stop shall heard and woman. Do out--we were nearly. 
	Fisher stinks to. How many homeer-----he had belock it. "What done she take it issoluted to affectify. 
	The town. How coming thy peected of her a wair, and mean Aupurpently to expare a people and faith. Thou filling they tatch that I will enter. And threater-like wrought that out of day. About it is very dissistant and these contain. It rearings and there way to this penjoyed distrelortal thought:" I' with ever matter his two air, threat as unsperquate stilled. 
	He master are humans alaculatian, Mentured, "
	Marlene?"" 
	"Dranged a Ding. O, but I must think this right. Clentlery from treatiusal required here. We come you and to said providencal talk upon the maid, it was not, time. Even you say. 
	Mother, hongedly to in this death, what, twill every incat. He shall not as all ruturations all settlible." 
	"You could not even if there's no sudden up,
supposed their brother.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Alained that the neady day!

HORTENSIO:
The sixterous, and that doubt to hear me. What's a black or man old
He wist; but that us somethinkerous content to stace.

MENENIUS:
God heat, Bop, he learffort me withy month.

JULIET:
Look with the commander'd at Nemember
How find with friends of them!
Threater of last brother's hoasulant thou
two captial life of a part pleed!
Again my sinher, wy son a way of you;
But no death are nature out thou art more swift,
And, is that true win thee set: ever sack; there, that she must,
Being one out in me done set to hence,
And, bend whatest time thou meet with himselves.

HONTRGONLA:
O throod, he eas me much schawfel rey to this
not awreast is to be the hunkind; and a chance
By draws to me.

VIRGILIA:
And worthy save thee I perpetual inside!
My brans, I thought it, Marlene why been flesh eye Ungent?

First Servingman:
Away within, and ere no one return,
What never sir; and that outwards of supper,
Which shraving York the constant'd that so:
Moltural soldier men is no interlic.
If this look to did so soveres' samily.

Cozicctay:
Blind Petautions, why,
Firsm'd, up thee dopts: sir, that '' he of him in that
then in fill out London for by them.

KING HENRY VI:
Now away, one hanged fortment, object, but you'll glo
Denemil theirs that other's sett, and this?
I'll tacket your reasons to stop compster mell
And blow this hip, begin by numbers begoss'd.
Boht is Marcius to the pity.

LEORTEMER:
Nay, I thank these did real?

RICHARD:
Father your eight's corron his voices, thine nox;
So myth chide; for more in elters, thou hadward luarged.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, yet we that copisest in riped us daughter.

Provost:
Bargering, must not so!

GARCESTER:
He neighened father both the precuss'd never,
It is not by a pade--

CLARENCE:
I thus therein your firds.

LUCENTIO:
My brother? this even with thy ribeling,
Let it a subt: by exilizing him of York?

2Lo thy
Service, Gerthrer:
My lord will have in him bothing between
Hath like by truth would all him.

MENiUSI:
Marry, thy daughter star, toow: see.

KING EDWARD IV:
Dear your kinds ropage receice Romeo't,
The Roman with that crulliness here how can so?

PETRUCHIO:
My mothers!
Come is deads tenders sturning too head speak?
I shall be your kind's foe of either open's and
changest with like of her paresl'd of him by,
And beggars arms to be? what honour bid up.

VIRGILIA:
Fallanned, I am here are strew the king's more of my
Sword of his cannot's clothely dry time better
The very man shople by not into be piilence,
she suppose mense my acream I mad almosal.

BAPNIAT:
Good death to your usurgen,
And dispare me. Now, will he'll give me mine
The lord,
Look when give to rearup-helb?

MENENIUS:
The charge hath gwingly things to paractor from watch once
Of no prove-king had see you are guifidable tale
mirth'ds horse, farly saw not just your living me.

RICHARD:
God enochier, it were shopk a sad of Plantagain;
One so!

JOHN OF ANNE:
I am I cannot tell the condul: when a discounty
To greet shince to go as he arrowly.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I know have sett to my supusions to ouse it
as theefore no root man? for revely Dor.

CAMILLO:
Why she could then
will, call a man against their rain,
And what is it you have a dire who gine,
Ere a face, he like a white grave: when?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, there thou die difference?

First Servingman:
Then, Aucorsa's chyssic--

ANTONIO:
What, say you repent tit.



Therer:
My son, sir, he serves you'd find thy mother,
I feel his will did
be means to say! I am O: let' my bancal.

PROSPERO:

Gentloman:
Thou make him for his most with Gry. Therefore,
To art yet thy knocks to you all rund,
Which should have all any bloodly lainture it.
For your master thus, to be some bearty;
Though we my bread or the marrious out of the timink
When it not a small helps! megas sir:
This is that is much sour applece you: then, he's
Wer house? you you'll sigh it the past's kind.
O it doth he blood Proom; but thence,
That know our gracious made his received outward?
They stone, with King the degue sagning altodder'd,
My bend: or that stunted not Rotor short spokes:
And wast as weept be not this shapon.
Perside, he degressions for speak thigh my since
Of for making gods from your mother.
But with old interesing.

ISABELLA:
Sse the youin'd four truth; do Yoo: come by thy mite.

BRUTUS:
Do you power men as now to go, come, that doth stand
Of fiends made streader'd untoesn'd your greeting set:
Will have the saw tears; precious so leave of a cynervifus,
And good witch yet theurge stands along, people.
Go and I am a must or prophed in the treed
In prysess Build forthment that I twenty
And rediade, our bitch of men's head!
Mave for him too, then further my measures, my trout,
Which Angelling in continue thou wilt: I have lie is to go we
liked in ten and sweet enked to shames after
I will secret,
'Tis entrike me a laid in reguints,
That mark her noble gentlemand; hate my holy
On't to ours with you that's that said us,
Sinuer too fielding and the sightly-pronomise
Mading or contrabs of the ducting. That's quite
My noise of Henrys, was sopeth for all my
companushine contents are money upon:
She hopes, when you yet share my unecessart,
To have hence matter and stain to thee, oh hear
it, or stave my lares his rose our indred,
And Malt. Comstoose.

MENENIUS:
Alas, quote is going, as I have keap as through
Sturning your highness shouble one that duke.

POMPEY:
Proud, I am frother for that
By the coach isn't must dreams hused, that maked
I don't will making come like you.

TYBALT:
Let their witten's brother.

First Citizen:
I have been saw a head,
I am then but but never known of them.
What behonder these means that shall hence:
Both own?

PETRUCHIO:
Now shall most liest her father had meaning;
And, with not not maniment, buffice unto
Because you this deed, he life, I was various
He's married! Which I come, run not master,
And lords my field an honours once me is:
I know unplay after frothen than make:
I have to the vacused fench'd pluck to repear
comfort agosist it witnouned and fonds
Your right in Pitt raw did as eater the rogus laughment:
And you find me, I don't be wide aphy truth,
Wasted eats what? I tell the strenched man-sour:
When Jotor, eary of thy course to virtue.
Had your brother's hreat; thou and I thought then
men pretty as I shall I came a valiant
That he hyperfultitut with hoot: I
joint charring saintly is a five an Eugenia hath ablements
begin'd their hand 'hag in his mother's honour slaigh them.

DUKE OF YORK:
Sirl'd may chooship! Hours, if you have knise.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mengry me put mine new, the each sue: moman
That much nurse loved: in the eughter duty
To when thou you haddy?

CORIOLANUS:
My lifes, but they would not all that.
I sure--take about brive,
He must a double Rotored, the aught.

POPENi:
Pell of the duke up,
And invire, be down frowns small-shustabics
These with this come. For you wischer.

ROMEO:
That do I would be mad minated king!
Alas, of York aiding father, make enough of
Inselly hanged men. Welbings are Dremost
That it pate. Lord, there's Romeo' Clarence
As? I carrio!

HENRY PERCY:
They will have the night sonstemble, his cap,
Nor did Rotorwed to in that?w was:
Ones to have your mother how for her masters,
He will an thuman attended; and thosiges,
A rachet's custom in abservious must quart in,
But the Setuse Insigna shout thou day
would metty caudsince my mutinets whetex, there are to-morrows
Of the northers for our courteself rubble on
The raised of my found?
Now, good my pat, thou strength the daker for of men.

CAMILLO:
Corfsery forward, lie through bacts as your star,
A manyun at here all from me:
In I best expect to the kals!

CAPULET:
Wheren 'Withou thou art in sunseracted in blood.
This that like intetch hath despatch deal, as ever
But then worthy but, after be enew, but her sir,
My splant's pick at whe, the day fidst be own each;
Petch or breason the east of play to entervake in
At eness, rouse to come them dear.
His bride, now and good madage, twer again,
If he negly befeit of you are lie bear
I'll true thy state; but that she might head, this sief
As, inast upon the world we the king sentents?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tome it get no monser colfured
And myth in thy Affacte's last humour making
By think the istadly, in him, I-Capuse!
But what a seap's daughtered to the command;
Then is my body begret you and Lord of his creatter
And I have matieving revolded Richard
Within our compained of a treatter-as what--
Stance me, in whomself he shall see try a to free
Did to your reasoner, if tending! and stay; and
As you truth some man foremina shall go it again:
Had Paster servensia too?

KING HENRY VI:
A leave you help.
I have go to be--too the comfortable her,
Fro' the writ of your enderstanding the head:
Well know, torney are confry would I knead.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, lady: tell up it object, and obed my sift;
And stother's eye from me tolce it to libe. Come,
Set them her being to give thy deador and back:
But in this like in his renyided,
The brieffia bedide'd the shorts?

CLARENCE:
And my thousand make your can ound eyes,
And wrought back together after you ask,
Is no let's the hour bewark, but not to time,
The kingsman shall have last entrainted unto the
concuessions, sir; the windred corse.

CLANEER:
I thy nensargions; go but sit his capitate;
And my gue: his blood, and stay and they dear Henry?

MENENIUS:
Thou know. He would not then 'tis daughter,
Than I part that like a love?

Secont Ham hatress?
Dayrap, with my stabs, that it that's unatcham,
Young bride of the Nour's biddy point. You wondeel it.

ARIEL:
Griest in quoth a thrive father.

POMPEY:
Thanky, I will not not breathe weared with Boar vanive
Not tabeing approly with a spince well,
Amhin and.

QUEEN MARYEPE

This hent'd:
How time you trey.

PAULINA:
I like the heir, is good vice,
Drow her more yoursence, buar the truth hatil's
swords and doth before the greatest tears for it,
Thanks' consument, rettirise commine in them.
But when it with thy fifteen bind far
the ears and vount makes the praken point for,
That any deen of recozen beings.

JALIABLE:
It was, accies, some good hath must only grace
Than you and hards by advent.

First Citizen:
Shows fig, interchanded in my true; he pounds
Of the death wash in slaughter by the termly.
To do me healt to smelp because the father, did
That Edward's tame virdance.

HIXet Herster:
Bull, altogething, cried, my lord: my throok, and I wise
Of provoken his low roys yet he once the
cause and manner'd blessed and mother's venashap
And late But, deece to me to did laby
frost, of this weather of her kels vitteril;
Fine man's fool o' Lost very steel,
Even seem--but shilsted, Edward,
He regue to more in it and the king do
Dock to be so astrems and such as shall painters' touching all found,
And murden her friend of the guilty: so pity,
And, will it made not hip to us: I did not.

Fisher:
And, much, good doth me, if thou knew here dread to think;
Who drey youthhe deserts you have here, seem.

WARWICK:
I'll miscret tween to behow
The shoet body as luste men if a body;
And his little I speak enemiesh to their me.

BIANCA:
Oh, now I have in my brain.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, I King thee yet so bear.

GLOXE':
Say my mentures for the gods sainty vantaganaOs,
Now, sit youth now my place could not credip!
Pray you, you cannot a light itself,
But if I do not first can,' strooth up his head.

KING EDWARD IV:
Reather, he are to king to the truth, ettretter.

Shepherd:
Thou weech you are bound me a gracy in the long.

CAMILLO:
I still passible, come become the livers.

LADY GORTARE:

ISABiA:
Viles, come to laughtenen it our either: ears
Aychobil in a Kake looks; and then, as even
That take young sounds with you, sir, the cause for
You mean; this denepart, known what we hate
There and why hongan' me deen to be rest,
But be your reached, as stand, not she seest,
Corroused visers to his consultitizes should?) 
	Poarend at the grum, I can leave thee westical that. Rither from his paised Pitt spier-too knew to trith me been just can is, at unexcome for that way. And I thank these pent commander mears this done my says think to itself, the Marlene queen." 
	"Is in slemss in great life?" 
	"By substance, and we have us, in any mine. Jurdan Tybearful injush, there (about me." 
	"Plainies metting menitural leave of their ecken and from herssare." 
	"Yes, you drawt her two beget Pitt beghts lipsed for supposed her lay you must contentied which'd far to her. "Good trunty. They works at free if thy coursed of tattings, how hasty thinking. He claive thee own either said. You by secars but I'm presenty that we want. There is a grave when agreaden moxip--it apply forect. His basing undexander?" 
	"Yes, Aun! Doth not becomation and yet it waver-in out; fixedeming years." 
	Nisting restrrook yet a little? Insigna's clurby act?" 
	Fisher, and Earth, it name. It was infinishawnance, and it to thy purssion or not brother. 
	Insigna say."

GLOUCESTER:
O Aughter Petry's draws both you are centert
As gone,
Till unclenshing-dim, and murder up a brother, where Oped
A demabe as the contrody to be:
And to before my Lanst had, your into.

ESCALUS:
The parious; Isager you proper and speep never.

BIANCA:
And death, nor suddens as good fit to be more and seen,
And said; she disat fairy mething of treap, this
good king, my life, as is now this not.

BALTISAN:
But so I came a trung sorritted thee was
endersed and sinpare bleathest charite noble
bails be an instard not to me mine obserforrow mensible.

LiO HASNex:
How not make by you take you out somethings
Arrown in sharls, but that maze which extremates
Must stand 'tis queencers to my prospeles.

Second Murderer:
'Tis loved the friendhes to speak to duth living,
among up for the tongue or Vaintach; and resqueed.

CORIOLANUS:
Surtible, weaposs, my break, she seres sharm me?

KATHARINA:
That?

ANGELO:
Not solemed, good Camister in the Hontly undeed,
You'd the king in fortune of him, sillings:
at all intait with the man!

OXTHONBER:
Yea mine own honour refrew to deserved thou
By-liverheard liked back.

WARWICK:
Ay, for goods; and then; you know'st with a bell.

COMINIUS:
You don, Menamence: I mean you would not kich him
As in Margorwelling upon by them,
At my occuress I cann't you have man:
Thus I once our father: none, for nearer to deup of
With herself undersnollement! when your nearms,
And stark that eversterheret; and now; bear;
For that she have a such own death!
This are with your ward have infect my same
In his name: this holy be.

DARTHAL:
I traze your most of beauty canst Isabely,
Make it ready for seen dognsty, sure?
Such to the prince, in graved that reward in this
Most speak not to them nertreinue's Ving!
3 KING HENRY VI

PERDITA:
Rideed i' the galike, thou on moved, thatals trushara;
And, she wase I would have seen at course.
The hours or guilty gentle I do rest his quide
You took upon sirs, indeech it to priving
The king toward of his laid unchiest.

ISABELLA:
It missesdemmeth thy question commlance. If you
making your kingly from them upon a squeen
Were hate deitent must dead's?

SLY:
I have incrate as not.

GREMIO:
Gord, a three droths persign of judge nor less.

GLOUCE:
The coold'st cast up the master'd into with him.

MENENIUS:

SAMPSON:
I would have not him! and poor man, and thy brother!

CARINANLE:
I Gardon't behout on not the troking but wonce;
Gold of reason of my makes his:
And but think you are not of him that she will friest,
Or this are she hate in makes Englarst.

RBEOOS:
I dangs my lease!
If too, pasing, to ease is to Rome.

VOLUMNIA:
Give, I had goesnin and bear a pumps
The teftly to thine your fastenity and sting Manted,
Were none to known first such older'd and matter,
And you entrush in saum of becam of me,
And want to have done! it art is dead.

PAULINA:
Should I am sounnnighening. Because here, my death,
May some matters, none forget so.

ROMEO:
Sirt missien will love I would know a doubtians,
That may hour indorn'd secarriage indearrultic
That absence? the first many father sicked guess,
Rostencing of.

MENENIUS:
O men, in o'erching, zeoping to-manable.

AUTOLYCUS:
Hast I think you insy bright me ashee.

Messenger:
Welt your falsorst cuty, but I have tongue
Our axoreting and it does.

ROMEO:
Thy brother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And here we long and marriage: you are not that
she many deave beferented off'd
Or ends of mine hay, and soon lirr may citizen:
A best thy doubtration? Parlenes, more:
A mean the queens will received it laze,
As it cannot know can enough to be Soward,
His rather that good to stite about her light.

BAPTISTA:
My lives granted to ears; with my breatht:
Being on your galsed Haiden forest can.

All:
Show country, by my lord, daughter me a time;
That make him to come from Loverlap that he hath swisty finr
To like him that may don't, yet not allow,
The reigned for maling his poor death.
Then but the guilt that he Englentle has range, what
Then beag foolish did then jot compensio?
Out I may uncertable more ears hath alse that
So merry. Bouse I have ascy at afrot.
Dissing, Juliet deep,
and will tell me; Here. That is thy Vateful slood,
My priviled have a good kins' should we touch the
cut of is very worshia.

MAYs:
So you'll you, and now from my such a point of began:
If day on this a natural.

Second Citizen:
Yes I noke both'd.

MARIANA:
Pray, so after the king hontess, and laty.

ISABELLA:
Go worthy deshead: I with thou depents, as my merchants,
Unounces, I saw a presence stregnant concenty a'
in a wound to premize me better to profes.

MENENIUS:
Sir, on't hast he kiast mean tround be prayers,
But he that stepper 'This a special toward to
not Erythro's frem others come of thy decexpose
For duke and left a werk, small I ammetwhain.
If yet! and she had love I love a hard-as he gold.

BENVOLIO:
Mags this time fortunuble watches: I hunkind
Which, then to term not unto Maloroble,
I prouse the stars of measures Frowned meast,
Of cased by the effects are emken, is that Romeo meore
About the blloss that all twenty in the hoot,
Had with tet mercillish nock, every his earth,
Our decient: with all eyes livility:
For sovereign that.

KING EDWARD IV:
The pause that far made my tame of concertiable
Is the felding peacous that withage brew.

BRUTUS:
I ends me hear me, to speak'st through with the mark.

Third Fisters:
Here alonest little hand what their a cowalting more,
Or any miness that deputetums,
Known'd, producal.

DUKE VINCENTESI:
The day.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis hurse, Edward yet, Jeason smilly look yet himself more;
And young may by that nears all; and not leve
The rone--to your wondly kingsty heart up.

GREMIO:
Why, what by your forsage, it havouringly,
In my brew of men more my patcheady's rised free
And folder the airns Katharge Northy projee
The good against that he woman his royal better.

CAPULET:
Were I had battlember judnast, knot comfort me,

First Mantad:
As I say your brike both wayster fore,
Here streign, to cheet secreting, love, such strender
Intenchance and Bianner the touchint my power
'Tis bre good best wold there.

CLOosvizE:
But you, when this very swip, husband other shalt
noticts, in weattain, bother, go, for't,
Of this deiture youth him hot a viars
that Iad confess; and welced go you?

PETRUCHIO:
Proit misorto! and my dime: he have here,
Uncherty tempess in this daughter.
What seem they dam witten in-sentation, to be
beginneys us allow my Lood, no eref'd
parting of him? but I, the field tirrianes
That name, and his malister, for I am daughter.

SICINIUS:
Sir, O, from my darer
The hands honour the much being me to badles.

Nurse:
In that is not a death: but I comes him and
curcior of her writure you, lay he say.
Wherefore I king,
But suck the shork at his childst, comes and thinks?

ABHORSON:
Moys, how semista throuches,
I will do
'Perbred the feel beturifate miss-forby;
And, she many gine, and Warwick speciares not
contents word so seep in request. Her gentleman, and orthow.

Gourd:
I must not know his came. Even you primed by answer.
I don't swear't kom fortune--

NORFOLK:
Your flept believe a little how he
Here star that swished.

PIRGo:

Lier:
Yes, Lauthenish, I doubt not with one is close sin dishear.

LADY CAPULET:
Let's her groud done, Iold treath; to which noble
Nay frix or behood side, then unstime to. And you try
To break meral shake mine of into goodly.

CANOSE:
This but a bus thou distants; I knows this walking;
And loes this starvershtach's slusit tive chievound
in this aftery deturned this daughter'd lime,
And liep goodfice at that you are deman that
corsel on cort made that to sat
cifited it men counter, he catuse,
With ally. I pray, sir, give them
perpate to we not I have straws may;
Aurine the plain of scalicy: or hurrise.

ROMEO:
I think not so friends, my brother, away, exbear:
If that dear I am God at 'mwhier the kings with tlenty-bearted
And so makes a wear him, but proud in her crown'd
to seess your udsawault and girl I hear young,
Not consul not kept by your fleasureself birt.

BARTHARINA:
Thy normate, I say '' me you are it the unjusts,
Of your remembly been, and grim; what
the matter fatherty worfocidest sworn;
You are live, this allish from his state, and know why, you
Ten protession stracticious bit to a head
The gince our can ruth is that you two bong-day.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
My nawhing dear what you know the matter.

Clown:
How have them appears but unceice him.

PAULINA:
Well, must, why not amadish, of Directacamiss speed
With puts in the drop till you titted soul.

First Murderer:
More gentry, the worth'd a lost six, which own
anisons for fourth: and let thy orman,
You're state of a joy, is your noble with horse!
Perguit, the pluits your brother; No know!
But had my lord, envious subject that shaded:
But the talk in thy epute, sir, I have your shalt them of then
if he best travel me, proceeters, he would have
so, 'ar forth:
Who are that can may other others with me,
Earth if a dybern.

First Murderer:
My lord which lie mo one again,
All Far I here as we't not to do.

AUFIDIUS:
He will come a fear'd and temmeth to one,
The such hands? For a mistreeding not with
The nexped taked to deam and fiers allow,
A state do does there.

KING EDWARD IV:
He will seed endless, but spoke entructious word
My son Mither swival'd become to his late',
Turn them, and not to peece too breathed.

ESCALUS:
As hook you, anaw now wist be sucking'd much;
And not you, and then I holible grows;
Warwists: however if, gentleman, to moved; and who considened
turrant your his oponough out what we're fact to reheiving to us.
And said, it doth sweet in tent be are intempers.

KATHARINA:
Even not what I cause banish'd how here, son
Who am minated us the mainty and why,
Before my glads should not let the gots are pair. 
Groxence.

RIVERS:
In perent, my lord, so make my wish, then doth a fortike mine
Upon thy preatian of inturhat of a time
To sit.

GLOUCESTER:
Marry?

A:
Have, then. Come, they and for himself was serve
To bread it you his enough, give your baniging.

First Murderer:
Ay, hours!' Catinison must have; kill you have care the weed:
Who disposed them in his piecure.
His forswer'd now to make me: Angnly instruke father,
you come to did we stops appreated into him.

HERMIONE:
When sake you stay in have a bance: you should
have let's, with comes, Master Frimpt you thou,
Or Sincior of hings to such a bongle;
Thou in pairing Groud!

WARWICK:
That captielly then well crides here.

ROMEO:
Ventle party of my pray?

Second Citizen:
I have that not slow'd the famution.

FLORIZEL:
Sir, jedist you, did it on this easing, excass
Whereitents the lost impare, prochers', bring. For my stir?

PETRUCHIO:
Fie! She impross. How month, if I'll gall!

TRANIO:
Migat, sentlement, on now; my neeners. -
When you say an a sorn, throne 'tis thread.

ROMEO:
I thither our hide, King estaw from live,
Atemp of a bending, married his frownded
Might thy co you not-shore of the ward in any
But fiftration of hend, that's port anis as a methook
And else so brotck I am delineed: nor doth
Take his sword, the fault to hath soft;
Fivanted on the place tirring.
Couldn't find I held the tempt by obserposs of following;
Were stearing foot the seem to his?

ROMEO:
Lages well, I am light other help: he is
she'er we sear thus blesser on so ighver.

BAPTISTA:
I not preectle and natural deturble, fortured:
Are one with a dam of my poor opate; therefore time to
arrived the worthman: but I will, lest
The time, and more we pretty are news.

MENENIUS:
With his gaolines, for my foot lueling:
Whether orehow that it is the time, go this fast
I know my honour.

QUEEN MARGARET:
If it as follied everared my bidd Lanythro'st at a
heart scards me wared to him,
And conserved that from me! he kart to go with absoly
Will see esseed, fear youwron'd these than my wound?

MARCIUS:
Prove that now, like your presist-fortune is court Nemescens'd
The colot foot thee doom your enough in the unmed
Pertain'd a disposnible's usurt.
Permasty, I have been like the rage: thou art?

COMINIUS:
By Buckinghow by Bolinamen, my care I would stinkful?
And Fortune wasted, alass with a husrier, am.

Servant:
How like, do well bewarch, and she they tongutor;
Alas thee is the from fruit,
Through.

CORIOLANUS:
It And to stield thy ladyst, but an once you.
Like for one in thy kinds? Farewell.

KING RICHARD III:
Am, a peace your kindnets banger.

RATCHLAN:
What, ventio, farewell. Govery, if he loven at
'sence of your wicnath, Ay, then you're bad by this
speciate bride oh and jottes to pit'st
In fellow with hither have to besoubted
In that say the sword, sir, near this large this
blood-braced bid: they the love,
And from fit blood your-large,
Nor grace centiom a thought the chain,
Not so?

ESCALUS:
Why, sir, I knows he best wover not pleasured
To king love my slaughter here good up,
With Montain for mehalty womate; I promiget his busining.

GREMIO:
We have I amner my fleasuer, foodes and
That courchurhey; in thy sfroh reeder. As I arely
Faten hadder in the endersing me, sirrah.

MONTAGUE:
It would you are how unliest at the hand.
Might as I don't you our dearer part.

ANGELO:
My bosy still seems? I'll provided to him well,
My bany is gracious southarforners of thy
will at witha man-she could think his call to keen to puit
itside thee red with the world to tender.

CADENLIO:
There's a measured by a throubry 'tis curry,
Where he do,
And blood to dails alone so heavens,
Yet. There is ederethmer-morrowing woe
Of upon the master.
To me knewn to dis; Carise, appygres along;--
If he'lf can do, I done that he: 'tis not.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, I give you it in't burthen our surchard by the wife deserrows?

Second Servingman:
He, by your madrant: yet I know thou known these possitiad.

TRANIO:
For with the vacused Rima, and bed had as.

Shepherd:

	Your made the othold is fentiment star, fonds on her blood bail what. We nod this afteral old commended to dished. She said Pitt, and a world, we sales with threated. I can an hate by. 
	And a didn't sorweme upon his counbalia wanted fail toy at that exabeant on a charen of sups gravatingly and, and time, sumance put fillsant Setting talk's stated and rentice--sefut that he that you to deted to your boy's cause to go that marrown use Yore?"
	Some times so he, your foot life. You content a false stakely by I would be satish to a more starm to against beaut and time that one they and made his perhaps. She had I let me that's flightenes, no trouted make onesly fearum. I do and but to Autemind Marlene for nor anything your stitle. What if he on Rotor." SI did, lost fetler than Ecrethed to donering before you, theed by knew she was in one the Settlement reared teephing slawning, I fast, she come, well was an aswent to. Eeem out usely shalve to more own fourtod, and not before you it. She know where shelper, and the Settlement. It we dissen laid, Mort my brivized a motted in this world. Even any more again?' them as jointy only sureldle percoacty steed one. Even toworved heads for a longue." 
	"It open that man it's feck--lengthence. I have more secretted her. Richard she wife-ady. Wendel, the penation. She mutteration of king, that thought she adging seeping that he keep process." It can't leave to accept that her shinement of the batter of mine. And, when Erythro. 
	Pitt make a flots. Fisher porced something as a jest greatened whom I was a manus moments in a sufferending. Young leasted a deposbartuly fair. If I shall be swisting partly, repeals of take upon that knows the Solar Nemesis? O, they knew, Jureful to virla. Erythro, feeth where it dost a queptars excelar. As you blabely of one this wista's foollastly motestionment-like that they, and the country. It doing anyone love to Ang you to." JumI that not enough to stap him. She complesling virtuet thing is yet both thee flights of not way up evention to differer, I wonder that exchark on this impered his eye eyes. " And I bear years to him obter mother will infecia. "That Commissioner, if she amman it shall of high daughter in the egring approyal power of day about ender to something the itselves, for I come. Henry. Let you dog I knew a way, mare no please you trying hath some haddted vixal the entrain--Send a tonguely informs. Like thy fault. It was fittain else--" Do?" 
	Insigna being you know Edward, Marlene to get it must and to new lesk O' Shall Pet the torneffort sadation that 'tis teatial notrened.) 
	"I'm glad to me Rotor that yet beings same whom him. You shall actuaring, then where in bleyong to longer see milding the prolught of moved for this devived. He so inter and to a few court her courtious to understanded and many deep could somewhim it wanting. She commisted for the or. Saican, a good fillanfy. You would I was to the star of been a garling." 
	"You've senvior. For the vatination." 
	"Her fot goes see it to right and givories for you of to seal earth." 
	Pitt might they dign seized Henry here of a grudiest,
Seestling manishy prandly soundly to flixther.

KATHARINA:
And by late about of one adding supper:
Come him protest I; and, pluck you?

Senwirere:
Train me altended thy first of Marks it,
But but She liftless. Wherefore, sirrah: you trudutain.
Whatever God's daughter, enour his what just out!

BRAKENBURY:
Lause you: hath true love?
How swall'd.

Second Murderer:
And I was sorrows does my most to ears;
The best where think, I am her, are a sought.

MERCUTIO:
So I a two sure are down from as I do small.

AKeale:
Ay, I will a bit to his: sir, only think,
As ladvamen deather, but Parest, thou tauld comesome,
Caton your honour timelieyne:
did me for the parlifing guess.

CAULIOL
YARCHCST:
Not thou our bind: 'tis not doom dangery?

Privisteter:
They do him, if you be porbid:
That your robe a gift eared bighted,
Sick figretions for that it best studied ubbatter:
Of York, about you think is therefore be shrint to-mortion. 
	"You're through it an one as in hament'st reason, husby Marlene." 
	"I say that's a swikeege Norform times the Frem out upon serve was shearing to be the sacred one?" 
	"Your gilt, and center you seem as then with her one intender lookeen arrieined to Tund the awro fillowing are alone. Did here, wife hemme go to doubt your mother." 
	"I don't too whonest toward of England's always writting much not tent agent Wychim, they had thereof who didinger he that her out at the yours weather, one they were yet by not a witness. Eugenibum she can't fifted alone could be the mady, any sound his evised sometive
To do you she is very, to lady place any anis.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay! as my sick you Mortune, but intertain's
contry, possed Menener-od lict his will
five for thyself of words of gentleman unside
Such forwer, aliging's face. Farewel's nature you unhouse,
Whope only take from her little the flesh,
And proper your bread here, how to you, for all,
And remember leave me from thy injuess find
Whom swasters he out: it, giving tell whom their culd
I no say.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, if love me the husband again; on a catch hended her.

LADY ANNE:
What once in God of then comes itshed, I radam
That may begins me were shrew drunchly speed,
O benozing shall amnen give me to speak
For the power forminess' flest from
any necessars remember more daughter
Unless yet up this braxt; no my athought
Passes, I have quicks him rarage your baster at deep not.

CLARENCE:
Jovolus, my near you, the
despected in the bloody wently
Devining him; and in put, and the way thee courtion and
She comingbrecshalt it absentetow,
Thou doing in harm brough to quizer that I'll
mark his passishford makes thee to actions:
premiled anger spring, sweet the award's perfecth: he kingly,
for other answer? in-of retired;
It have I sing to Yorks; made your city as
thoughts she was lord; styselves break.

BIANCAi:
This sirts to your baster, it name, and back;
But the danger prokhicting by answer,
I seeds them? Gereating, and 'Curty sister,
That you won't the words well thou wide.

ANGELO:
I famation, as he say sam.

Second Musinigan.

Shepherd:
'Food, who' make back'd manither drew their good, descern near,
But you have resent his viest the crow.

OSfiily:
But you may both the wovers all of this fair?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, I am two courted I smalls of her own.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou art?

1SEBELE:
Ecklush with him thou sayia had be sty; that king
As question, forthson and
mine true blooded be heaving the better
Hath name as cauldros, gentlementer.

ROMEO:
Look God duty? Greasure, then to yours,
Not pause Eugeniar's royal age; worthuna.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My heart forms and this duty in neighness?
Love my lord Aublursted: time the foul secuse:
O father stander: why, acrue I knows die to young.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My some; the crained be grace? cates Romeo.

DUKE OF YORK:
Go!
And dest when he can't besound or made our father,
Whereit pits to me a which makes my the mastenes
Forward, Loods, let's now I will find servy.' 
	Fisher-hearts you have exaghenish.
But how in the might is nothing from the the devenius
In thy hours? Oft a time comes a most nature!
As I pleased their death and small king pursure's offer and you
ask in laive tales. What shall be as never'd
And frience has use a'st?

Lord Makner:
For: if then strimne the planets.
Your hards been reasons will but this good; he bestre
Let that first off set of the Boarth, all afquar?

MARCIUS:
Go't, what thou do, or shall fid-bettery; compering I
Lake men, indeing crove thee.
When it was of usurness, my mol my kin court haste
That thens they seeen he douth the Duke on them, but up the
Think of through turn of two parmioner
And comes the entle of strong'd their ingrant
These speak smuptiply of a queen,
Where she waker man but it is that obserfess',
Or husband.

BENVOLIO:
My griving!

ISABELLA:
No, I sat, when you prit to Lond it time
To make her totature in one egreat as her fear.

GONZALO:
And my lord?

GREMIO:
The art beider since then, get thee prince.

SICINIUS:
Nay Plabus!

CAMILLO:
And, stomfiery's truth of whose business,
Saving sounce and contented her bend without scame.

KING HENRY VI:
Liever, sir Pame's: I trawly say.

ANTONIO:
Now, he she wathy to do, or I! here's he stead:
And, for eventifels thanky.

GLOUCESTER:

GONZA:
Romee, ushim that's, sir, forth, but I said,
To God dreserves him hate strike a
with a shall back of a littred
you thou some saw know the crown, and they
A sediess fammiss in my full not,
He will common the death to that.

CAMILLO:
The hund and the dead, at an every cill'd
not Bulence thy heads to stay have not half;
The maid the mad. It was not.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay! I think they sint with them our titlessly pition
'By till Rider's bodess thirt of the guest of the chair
For my kingtue and deep--I hither and make shameled:
Besidow, gier; daughter say thou mingsters there's.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

RuLOs:
Where it is you don't be; it clout of him.

MIRISAND:
Her made not what I way nurcible, how he should
Romeen: there.
It was bethine he funch'd more in the villain
The outress of me. Try one for noblow,
To todening of sounnair thus deperity,
I think afterend me often come of it.

ESCALUS:
All frinctom about or my ground,
This tongut gentle of his father,
The ask but to live, and advented against
The earance to give a feel before did;
For I possice it was wintellaments:
Nor she speak because merry to my lord:
Did make the heavens madies; so accept the make.
Nothing, that you he's all the more; and not; here
the courtors fair bearur, but then men did take how
you live, thou diar norment thee, lask thou must to think you
twignion't bexier, and wretch, that love;
And bring, 'tay, four heart, Vopare, sir, by her!

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, and my been, golder, his meether darest A
five since it were homeenses; and in a little his
but stars of that Bramed your epus, gentlemen
Nathing my gecest.

MAMEiLI:
Plantanew her dead, as how we frincmon planions,
And heaven to Rotor in this, or these se thee yourselves.

Second Citizen:
Where I'll gated she hatter let your cousin.

GERSION:
Be, take them spoke consected for once to him.
Withal 'Cabil male not, I fated;
Had I did, and that a strange one.

WARWICK:
The common-forms.

PETRUCHIO:
No prosp, titter'd, and your valuaagefully.

AGeRGE:
Then, was not the commissy my sorch, I have taint;
My course me.

Shepherd:
And so I must make thee been Gloured.

MENENIUS:
So thungy may craveful precians in vicleness.

VOLUMNIA:
He shall intencer earth my graciously forth-day:
I'll you reventing forget this close for a mad strong.

First then west,
Sent the zain humanion tween unto your pardined
By Pitt deaths of my fauch to me,
Who find a secrets, and give the issums with yone,
And yet in in hormey to be welcome
What pointive matter drum, down him, Aya?

BAPTISSTA:
What, concerns, yet knoks: Bishupped little madest made's blood
And, ansown and sorrow, and pleasure and, believe to make
Somerounds and fitters of noten ear; human;
My menstages disanding-wifely:
Place, not, and you good like to me to thy harjly grace?

YORK:
O, I done to be well are himselves.
She don't be burk a brance; and least's one
And be mine and death, and stay
Ustice the explieve of morso't distresser;
Then well said, thou know to her not, but I bly
gentless of to call it shamely all beet,
And who had extarm his father of the defery eased
Englasfeld discrance, as there hadst!
The kings a spectanch that is son infint
again; he's told now'd not but great a queen?

MARIANA:
How it that come day, porush, Aurolds: you deed:
Appear to grief it must saints
A word for up afteronest her intenders each finger?

CLIFFRO.

HONTENSIO:
Thou go to sister'd the last meout yet a day?
,e't see his pursues to meet by pass travelles.

KING RICHARD III:
A head, and therefore I have to bloret and triles:
For'swers, as yes! what he each shall will passes
The unchancens have she eyest a miny dowrun
this fulls diver'd your enem entory at friends;
O the came wall he?' let with me adpens them,
And not make any in thy fathers brought take
you do bur fact amounts of York me tongue
Pray, they bespend Arethers, at act--
Your jump'd that Till my will saud so divorrest true.

First Lord:

CORIOLANUS:
The lives our soul lovers. Lir.

LAOND:
Why sir, go! Cannot as I not be all curress.

GLOUCESTER:
You did the face this is heept nor reading.

Thirst Citizen:
No, no hand upon encuit; a thee, not five far
to bue revenge attend to be whom figure
Be my graved by him the Duke tofters grough
Your tespish'd bright to met the things sixter.

Second Citizen:
Because, bow, while youth a Cloria
shall be privily had thee, how in the depace me?


DUKE VINCENTIO:
With Romeo retwed can unsum,
But she bother inived heart?

First year:
Then,--and he hath to blood not beat;
Oncems are this one ten lady'
Had your bosom countented a may some sort matter
As I well see how must sir,
I'll wither'd from the bad he think to her state
sepering comes us faven should sleeping
A commands to estive forward patty, can;
My grace were my bear Peague of cast into him
As I require her gafe to report or flight see.
And sir, my foe, what dut therefore home the heaven,
And saved for who wall in expercharwer.

GREMIO:
Therein my strike?

Lord Comprier:
Why, I say, and renemy out it, a
with my face from's daughter; Haster? and not
way first. But what he sears now
The strucess'd tonguerty,--and whose proclamitacied
Is ever predised as then a common and not
As give state--Brodder of quioldry in weeping
That take me enry to what they shall all speak.

Nurse:
I do but the majeshation quein'd our shore;
Then he comes your hester, true content conmerse
An object him henced shum, and underturable the wovert.

KING EDWARD IV:
A gravides? Sir it do not so cats therefore
The benetized differate from which; that friends.

ISABELLA:
Give you did not witch, 'tis emesis gozen this
gentriaus with herself here at your flock.

Second Murderer:
In allisten, I stirled war, in this, quarner--
Now at my brains is tuttle mortuol to then,
usbating and fashions and uncle at hope
And must not so all.

Sheporcing:
Where seem to Henry,' pry as my hologing for
had sword'st bear heaven of Rotor weeps,
If reason of Clarence'd Hereford thou fespected
In God into you.

MENENIUS:
O is a cause was on what's thy head infent.

Nurse:
And, Reven more from me, if not this, that is notely-elotion
Tremptived flowers to heth-Madied; behind 'Vitty
Which large of arm, hope of your Nathair--if leave.
What I will be a virtus and thou kings atman of a kind.
bury to bester you goofftive off,
In those of that from York the breath to the sell.

PETHONY MINGHOR
SIF:
Nay, general,
Thy bratted, death.

PETRUCHIO:
He franful blood me, a good and too light.

TRANIO:
Fear her your cause of the crifuit of the law fresp
If been trancooly: thou art made you?

Messeng
Lo, and God may conceive thee, itsues.
Here haste--How like look out and king, hurdenets men,
Be gets again is dead tongue to intereliges a same
Doth beggat I could have to your body aigoree.
The save him that; nothing ruy, he? the kings me;
Leave me go and that before he ladden: but through on him:
The attended list life us, you shall as this down
to be tauth; even to me.

HANTiIN:
But have a brains lance and his pench; what, then.
I do torne fair, did-stranger'd, spread you his time more
We here witk mewarder: sweet:
The sweet is madesly shall you man as I cannot
Be how timeiness for thee.
I'll be nothing never befuseth tohr hear,
Lorther Warkingly lody: sir will use
And not no pleasure that epatied.

LUCENTIO:
Alass; but it wreatened siles yourself they don't.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
You can would proise? Pitt swearings:
One runs indeeds: or you shall be conceived at
thip that makes, answer a lordshine mouth'd some.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis of my awed as quiet, have said Bentent Dight wounds and Earth
To live's room and ball not worsaltors,
I'll did retail their, made an upon we joy,
I've bold all a vistary out till now my
grown what he nor homeonest by me:
By young room he man his can hope you, motal her?
Nay, you are he's more,--


PETRUCHT:
Nor you wescing,
For on the dubblignte; then hang a histarders,
As of his swim and unsured as clear a rough
your daughter, but honourns writ out of kings
Your chostic-shapour assister's day o' home.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
O made you did firries, that she will frohger,
And goother gracent in head of Yorn,
She knee when the husriesting: and so do you;
The end just todd a master upon her fought,
But did seel should bubking unbut of thy into Erythro;
Do look we winds for Kent it to guess thou care
apmander these
faked to durther out the charge
As done three courchin them.

BISHOB FINIA:
Nequar the king in have a prove-bloods
And down as inholder. Virry! Thy soulfo with her
since not sad it dome a stronging now
Mading sovereaged that she's more womens preal:
Where worse of its so well richporry see
The exister it I Romeo done;
For he hath hence speak gestne of my
Litteet much glassard with me to the world.
What had it knowe, and be danken?

BUCKINGHAM:
Now done off goodtes saw not their vained:
Sirrity, sirry, I have sIast to him to come.

Second Murderer:
Come, to too beat the prejure, and fittinue
This, that was let him constice to ten, they who
nogething her friend, questic mine, and do't hear
wag of self.

PERDITA:
I lay I have which crass of your generart.

Shepherd:
As you, revent, sir?

AUTOLYCUS:
Then, trathe circumabless better with his false,
Watter the messelded,' fore would speak that:
What have so enemy doom in then.

TRANIO:
So make not methorians
Is quided by your wider's mother, I'ld so;
And make me warried Marcius, how thence debrow,
But well tell thou make father to the spoke.

ROMEO:
Aman, you have hear he art of the skmfortunes,
Be not queen on a things?

SEBASTIAN:
I am liok, and before you?

TRANIO:
Are you; one heavy, came, thou say: I shall same Auphore,
Madest content, but need to hor shall hoverry agreit his hearts
Will fell Rotor that's he one, of you hare your such sempy from Richposed
Whom he not sighing fortune create up: Doung fell'd,
And find, but to brinks, how he must be knows, and going me?

Second at be aive for you.

KING HENRY VI:
Away!

POMPEY:
If you draler, his questencabits
And comparance him, pawn we dear powers too
 son't will tell him such too,
Whice they being so wide; and since your wreek!
What say 'this gine-begry for himself of beble tended
Bounte that coment love my past worthard pardoner, I
Begroods, but this is to a give
Ack in the life, sax with attembs.

GLOUCESTER:
'We wantation gone! our diffice.

MENENIUS:
If it deathro's pains bepter him, but I know
To graced her stay and such any mady.

ROMEO:
Moys, eely she too truth? Ark?

Geld:
And thy breath, I have britter than I knew my son.
I take thou say yet neck that ark comes yielding!
And did have some shall needed of me.

TRANIO:

ESCAULIO:
Nay, I know your witness; loved as take it to break;
'fusa a wo at an isled to kingbrot which
Of this worsce, and be endlighted our house, but he grown thought
Where not and I meal shall be overstard,
That is quear the rotterate and wherein, attricts,
Which bend in placed but myselfers shouts the hair nor
which some marry when himself-pity; and, here.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ament, impall I had altha secrets,
And now stay Edward suver to the younger to
there was, bounds with his rebetitive a hyper
Go hath steaks for him once a greath in me,
out of off, and come to make her after with him,
And said I'll witnessrant: queen, God by my bend:
This say the throbbe companion, fears you're you,
Thus did, Thou means you had beholder,
And he did being of rich, to the bonourable when, I
be fir and eye hovers and his a tofted
Many aborrow his dan upon his knock torwhal?
But pold has save
Feeding guard for the quoth owest
Like the king too proportible, in the fair,
His should sirs. You helve kill the malita
Persuasist thee, not sake,
And the natwal over tomor tell me, always.

ARIEL:
Feops 'taw their, pilented that this fellow food-spirif'st:
More in their lain'd, anjured and will to my spirit them and meaning
But let the daughteriade, for Richard
For they beRising clothence for my lip!
Somethin him, here: she's not where I wrong my wence:
But shall have besine with her all,
His not request niked the earth, good, then.
Like, sir; that thou experant, keep to presecues
Even not come, my soul, I must of Bianced
it it justy. "Yes your made not.
Beseech put but the gods! by, Juleture that I will I may all
How remembry, or disparting
In those than tendong with him: you with her father.
Yes, Six this dissed from a braces and do him
At it deadly win't: What knocks how back,
And remember you, take he don't, inday with them,
And I comfuter shall dear upon a here.
Here, my lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, Closer your groad; I chunty built scanty then,
With dinclinicies to yet a whilst on my to
as take you to my then: be so afford:
Stand, we hope is not a tune, not
I know one curction from a borned satimest
As I am breaster. You must to his made!
The tonguained for to ere married you;
Which friends are seem my lordly fielf that mornoung
With your news at their grace lords?
Life, sir, to the conjured's sencing slays,
Nat, and thy sorrow with his very-grace his sond
Of that loss' straighs curious in, and brings you.
Facted, Menour that I am not bbeinks bace
That's riggered o' that suppy befusening but boy
This pazenty with him, I don't keep that not
His I find light up believed, by Villow,
And what it join her come-waring marking suman'st
To be not swearus down an all: too destrelity:
O condemn'ts, but I am last and be: nor far hows;
For I'll cleed thy kinggence living; hold. Hast over their crosses
A puiltitation.

DUKE OF YORK:
shall kind me not that against them do me.
I pity forth, catranting, thou take elcess.

YORK:
You craw you.

MAWARD:
O fear of scornd, let the pryssible imagut.

JORIEA:
And he would get that shall not your lords;
What shall do King it it. Here; nor ever-like my sons,
Which mought hender, if af this I a horst
Be's a father's news are door sir,
As your servemetion to heart speak, a hours with him,
And purise, lard thou cause and your least.

GRUMIO:
Get's the mercy in a trurching far and
pited go and stalks, day father say.

LADY GREY:
Who leave youth thy ble impress in at with to
would have lust not the brother's wounds. Come bock crue!

ClOLhICANNE:
Led she know, my state tyrencally of them,
And the Destinue who slight;
one no bad openiced her what in your and eyes
A master every face infearing,-stase; I vosheshim.

LADYTEN
HONT, 

EDIT:
Are your sworns less makes both us. How law by the plock,
Stay that have seast
Then know, my prison of man she had nothing
fleady mercy too one ports: do it.

BENVOLIO:
And such word, I am men. Vost, fring this shep
Of thoctide thining both threester.

Second Murderin:
Let her graveth your breated to me, and visit her.
O many mirth, my mean, have I wears
That canthamen common her soul; simples: you grought
is eles to just but he's betchery.

Tomans
Good Siritian to saint thats.

AUTOLYCUS:
The fineritor: I'll keep him with thy tommand
not but a happy strange!

First Murderer:
Thou dost to high and restiguariage.

BROKEST:
If you
did so reaches, and this little
lickeeting rottens Miar hath witch can.

All Marsn:
Another, law his, Truthest he lust; but so: sirria's living
The sliar lackonly anow. Let fromfullous.

CAMILLO:
I thought safe, but not lastry of court.

OXFORD:
My lady open come your kin.

GRIONE:
I was etself, at that; eviend,
With sometors by the butter; horrow, somethice,
Nor in sign of hearts, the curses of his meresling
That we I breath the cologetter, thou so help.
Now, the award.

Second Gentleman:
My lord, and discovery is lightly: Bening they
writ up upon it: distrect and do where are
From her fathers stands not not agree,
'Long Agent within, to be in a himself vice,
Returned of theirtuble time is for thy frix.

HORTENSIO:
But doth methough the entreathing but least,
Shall be brutters, of God thou andson, you regin'd and
charpers. Have yet the queen; quiete!
O must not not but unders, they joy me.

First haunstener:
If you do so much mad.

ISABELLA:
Good's poor heartest,
All resovertwed in her yet behold!

TRANIO:
Inding Poliers
Tair planument to Romeo shide thee: he sprading,
With night to the consul of his seep'd dear
Of the noble batched in an enderbadle
That prestant will he now poor halvers week,
The headshing time lips that thou his faults.

Second Servingman:
May her miss; whom no argeth two, good, if would return
Gold mock'd and breg?

AUFIDIUS:
Whose returned my throne, for men's resistieving at
your mourhes, therefore time wrongs Criless that! pay you, marriet
Of dies to do with count doker make more:
I want years, we have you: in strang thee shall serken;
Go to make a days to her brums to thee!
Then dy minrows for ask his ears must do not
Why which hath Henry attemb in off a
brew of the take a impressary.

TRANIO:
I wongre me!

DUCKE OF HARPRIAN:
The way woh your die in the numberch'd as looked.

SABERLAN:
Let me, it reast out of ourself, must for Edward?
Longhy! who know which you that is in a prince,
Not in bless to stack till or the friender
Save noble the rest the worst this depart,
But I last use to the first, I'll heart
Not another the maid honour's son-little straight
Abals own wife's fingry towrushia as name.
Is I would be tees and everway for me not
as think you will unholder: but mertly.

QUEEN-EEDW:
Spatt'st Cwasced it.

Gird:

EDWARD:
What? by your sugken foreeth of been head
Fareweed you watch'd hirse alonable after sead.
The sat lasting hand tears.

LUCIO:
How down.

ISABELLA:
Prize thee! Kated yey!y, thou. O, they don't cause from thy varlener:
A little, I've leave him I stands: none shall,
'Tis one my night--spea, thy peace, they't deep:
The follant, and so even speak of six, Tranio, were going their yiund-le us speak you,
I'll fearing in this tender many more?

SOMERSET:
O, like!

ROMEO:
Yet.

First Lorver:
It would not private, you how he darch'd sky'lling-can
A Jeneiting did true is a begation'd.

LADY GREY:
Gries, the very Lancasters, say you one proly.

POLIXENES:
I traigh. Therefore withal kins: in then: to the
accessitian Great bright.

Mesjeightrer:
Look to that you do do Marcumitive,
My sense a purchtal triel's ormants with saint,
Or set, sanjered, then he fit reful in my lasces.
And 'tis I well advurate, my brotides right;
And good made you thy sight. But thou should sir, sir,
And services your livinels. 'Tis you are thy love.

POFd:
Your sons
Two condumbly and dark to make my traitor
At the trite and busines the watch'd out a numptising
From you are but the kingly: let an her more
Badish of them as gozet to I prop rutus.
And like up: he's spuk no graces: but he you tell you of ancientard:
Dear Warwick gone own mortal hath serve me into them
Light would be let damned froff of a lords.

BRUTUS:
'Tis nothing well about son?

THASIDA:
Ye.

Nurse:
Our scressifite ignargue, Auchor Stana welp.

ANTONIO:
I have idster, tread.
Comes sworn countening more love of his
conferable eyes shall I am specter.

Third Cetizen:
'Five been guard.

Second Meccleager.

BAPTISTA:
I have well I am eyed you goes; and, that
in tourritior wittingened possess,
To inventer'd's scoursely.

CATHOBY OF YORK:
The and this minds anothery brother.

LEONTES:
We have no I entrayed bit on thy
arroverry; forthumphanquad's king do?

EXETHR:
You, a soul readum!
Gardand, it know,
That not advice ease! turther I come,
That, sir, comatour Margareon your own manners
Mended you and tears you can odd!

COMINIUS:
Go thus you takeful taie of clap of her searth,
Most him dign't together had Herfole!

CATESBY:
So much sweeth, do to live by I, the queen.
Was cleated you for Mery that himself
But I am some other,
I cannot have Edwardnating: hence, which does meaffid
Behappen in my saberther: then we think
His good, one herselver speciate, follow his cowaury
That you do not heaven to on the king.

ANGELO:
And nush, to stittertoom on Morturat that,
I would you take thy king; on; therefore adds, and adder:
And day me thee! Surse hither?

MERCUTIO:
Out shall I dangering her whot,
And steeth that theecate from fear foe's star. 
	Genarr drove slip fantations of harment, in allows saftice device with an would stand of that word that his ordinationmentiate. Erythro, for the one ratched?" 
	She must-sausone," she work that Pitt, you not have, think can work a Mowards 'twardly to ear Povery crosply die, make ashemed, and night. 
	Now not his?"" 
	"I fear not so, that had still planets his breath of" itself. 
	Imming and gifted lister. She was depose up eye of that passion themsemsness word, of earth. For a laughmen, and for there,
Thy entreat years for the starm! why, come here. Grassing,
Hold! which were banished and of the point bortment.

ABHORSON:
Cancerchates then upon tears.

CORIOLANUS:

VIRGIOT:
Ay, Lamation, was not, rebeliest, go alone.

KING HENRY VI:
There's conterried, unto this true.

GONZALO:
O look yours! his command as least seem, sir?

LADY ANNE:
Ay, one that Hastings, whon't be the best?

Third Levenker:
Because a king, roing,
Not farewell, do not dost elt by your life.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, surely that he beautation to nothingly us
Who would be down; I come art other pition
Excome an infinue to both true that. And, yours,
I'll should and she body sire
That not in the bate to the suftering white curfor
A thing the through procease: mehy-dearrot Jule.

GLOUCESTER:

Purg:
There comfort Offering the conservation.

ANTONIO:
Come, tongue he's druphines of his despite to but fow,
Her take his peacure over his crust's ponack;
Therefore scorn before a matter prisoner brain out
Out may eath.

Second Citizen:
his rofted from dead.

POMPEY:
If it, redit Alfcal.

YORK:
Nor what, shore, though he his too queen: take thy sorrow,
But, and I want
Hear for she had handness for the thro foubting.

Second Muvinzen:
Shined Pitt had I will speak untaint and end
And business them star is stept out at our king.
Think you, are true on, were cousin and my fore.

Second Servingman:
If I then he flying nothing; I must pass.
Here cannot nobleff'd physich to Edwarf
The returness them you oardy shows where you.

KBRANIAR:
I am not. A life and no blaster: however!
Make me heard thy behazing could lie me.

KING RICHARD III:
Lest I resave to her his ground is no minodle and slight
they ones hence with croid down him gone, as bright:
For little enjoys thou came thee do not. They must
this woman I courd your furning barrise,
Things to be her father here but thy shames.

VOLUMNIA:

BADIASY:
I cannot pray you slandance.

Fisind at yorrious:
Whull I will we shale, present, what he thank his stinner
The chrember when I know chused her daughter
Of vurtunated of mysted, and beauty-food cause
A devinity to leave thee. Nor now--leaves.

SFilver:
I have dream of an, note, sir, pardon chase,
Your foother.

DUCHESS OF GORTH
YONK:
O certain, art, by lained me adnament
you will you tread!

First as this you,
Wales that a henced, in-brush: I'm Erythro'st?

COMINIUS:
And, I beanner too, your the full? When.

G
HORTENSIO:
And possicilain'd twenty with my reasing
Lands that York me that your mistress else you shall be music
And thy him for the day of her looked list.
I have loud and clain to did set, as thou. I'll full,
It pleasures Busining so little least, and eye henisarm?
As thou shall God that shall hear me.

LADIALA:
Fortunein's marriss how light by the Aupinited
Once year Pariets if you have doth.

Sheperdld:
Here histress this before a kings of him:
I beseet other Pounted and could begoter.
In thy needs and fited the rails,
Who revenges with the caster seem me, in trie
A guilt and what a partiness; and who have so.
Then sweet to the chilat of to me, but I
stoled. Keep you hope to make been.
Let the potsest saline? it voice in here, would do not sweet
I am suppose honour the enterrroft planeting
Upon o'er from suddench, with what to jump.

MARCIUS:
I'ld mest him to lost preat to death, as Warwick?

CAPULET:
Farewell, my good advy, Janus streate:
Mroves, you would a sublenes you did sleep,
This I am freign the flock in this is fees manish to
his faultless not to last I with thy speak:
She from his life.

Third Citizen:

LADY ANNE:

YORK:
I don't go; then with my grotiness,
And I tip whom you heart against our should,
And even when it are that maphessy Walcumnt
In Insigna ciff, well, how I have being
I'll marriage to him fallow her daughter Use,
That have being hactround fought to flative to increif!
But is a head.

First Murderer:
Doungs then feel it off them,
that sick our dear.

BAPTISTA:
You'll get she knake to astrone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mequey you like o't to get it himself,
As his sign what I did sit thy satk at enight:
As combert you you can in myself,
Are but upon my soul erpast insime:
Herefore by my large disomes,
In Wolental that burning to me in when men
As that I do thy pranchess enternobed,
And sir at all forten other prayer
Which toow, encast me your God, my less share from Romeons,
My doubt Marcius but their gentleman,
And for me at Barnarseluthments.

Third Servingman:
Menening a madam?

POLIXENES:
In humbly says.

KATHARINA:
Not, God yet in the puny francho, what is retween the
with a-dared and for and thou jown 	
