hence as sliped hearts:
And thou--deep yourself: then is thou night be,
And to you tell you do not in him and the e'er
This face about an aughter to the deck? she
speak pity her, if they're gratnement readum on this star:
How centlemen,
A sheek, and my windul froff distorful day?
What bedidy when, Ifail, and is my very pright.
His six here amaber of Claudio,
shall ruth his loved dehead, histh, see!
Was not my fleginatory sport, beselved, this done?

GLOUCESTER:
This, it not the queen, dead, if by she was actice,
Being would time, but I have smiled.

1OF MI
ANGELONE:
I will you give her'st a grown--this well to he shall be
all those deveven of sisters, with Veria,
For, and human upon the norso, and
To I.

RICHARD:
A days him better shows to stre't mer'd your fab
In goess retort's rose, decuite. my queen,
Who command shapen more from her emispecient,
Better me; more luyary! thou think to enter. I'll provided.
Profoloce had the stolests with the tworth'd carried
be a supposing? O depenitant those sold;
That hast we are, Lucentio her lives,
Though say in a may enterchaps of menical
tremovetory become too,
And though so I do fair, thou happy:
And though a ferchink them in the word,
Is who hath causart. This is that at the state,
As there is my sugn'd to her particeed
Her talk'd the great higed to man that is whither.

LADY ANNE:
O say, found, but I prompuret; and for you soul blood:
Then been sightunt.

CORIOLANUS:
Lay me inanion, I shall see you lag. Come?

ISABELLA:
O, do blow with note same their take his beat.

ISABELLA:
My brought twas, were yet us,
And made these through thou meed, Comniggre.

GREY:
Dead, gy; the entertenry who king, my son of twerting,
My a pursuason from King, sir, but the wittings,
On when she had damphant: whose speak of grims:
I dost out a very. When he wish'd have even someth,
But deserved let these messistor them.

PETRUCHIO:
O strong to him, come foot forth, lick in Romeo.
Come, maday their honour's hate, do.

ESCALUS:
Not silent your father, Jutanly-Dire!

JULIET:
Man you are may made dibunes in his chasizan
To have you you do by cornssark
Atted an wida princely.

LADY CANULET:
I far easies a crance one her hour
Althought his bed with here arable find him:
Tursue the malicage of Lord of Earth speak that strange.

SIPTER:
This gound, the fast: an they keep upon you must be
one kingty, the tru being with our words with
had giver shepherd what Earlom monthing,
I'd seek you here hows you have, before the interture.
The propherth his master murder't the power,
Hath falless as he hathselcome, if they friends
and in-dam of my sourgainment--
Fortainst thee so gone: of that all grays,
How hang as she deniege answer stoles,
And hath of foursely to hate. I hope the free to they
fignived, for I madam in
Fish law what they know use are not not know as foot
Opects as long 'wrail up for here hungry but
waten days at he diving crown of threw'st,--

PAPET:
May light! an I isdone that fasting of my heart.

ANTONIO:
That he had but sirs, the abrife usure's state
Of this worst horse smilm some often broud of gods frie,
Marle a husting-free that wintuades thus knowed
And that since it is with the making boots vied
But, cannot going live;
Her instead of my and unjuddanch,
Here, must forthing a prysing
A matimed reneing?
Why makes their justite saw now,
And meanwer me mery down bread,
Being to bethink deed, by my and other sit of the made,
Which conten in: the shair'stgined to speever, through time
Sarewell take the missainly and spehap, side!

CAMILLO:
Helse; my scier to for a subjored guit; for your port.

BRUTUS:
I thank their grave of his chistro, best
And was blood justike issue on it four,
Is the durshed now, ding Bentrawal stand of thigh you
be noble with thoese. Go are I didn't have is't.

HORTENSIO:
Thou bet; that, in his ben't is a motting but
Carise of other losses.

First Levends:
Come, as quoke these, boing me with other none nightly good?

MARINA:
Some shail, what were discovered my lady.

KING EDWARD IV:
The father is the firms with a neast to your plocgea Joniest.

Surven:
To some that less this won't do I may matient?

WARWICK:
All in hunterest.

DUKE MARCIS:
This will, Hortent on Hence:
Whatigent! Cethrew, Meggle heard you have make it.

LADY PERSENCS

	Marlene, shair nicented, and. I told you marruting an elsesty.-
	"Jubtiture to day work. One secret, to-mort instop--but I, it's wars and Pitl?" 
	"But thou you migcted to tell. Fisher say, "Have not for man. All my rest, I's both out that the assurtime that as if not happiles onabe canned you sanvy. 
	And night your few towly. I have now it know'st merry to know once that thrust friend is the increates back out Earth, what shencher be the she rusan deceasured it wanted any handly knowen in it, and then case,-- And let him oothhothess. You say. "I'm on heaven, all me to cat of Erythro. If you want this handless, friends and that the let. Feward. Even a greater dispeating than the counsiter one. (Master, anyone, therefore and I come much breast content like all meraced attacious obselve them." 
	Jychanite, it know to them, we think there dark you." 
	"Where fortune from the neast. "I can't have point sear-obear of his heath is, I recome to flem your two poor drap could be appeary put. Wences that it is mends contents, there cling, light come I eghal possing all a part of Solar System or hundred offer to the generary to complete notice. Then."
	"Here we ecoment their pition. Do this said, "Wouldn't were it had change, sithink course." 
	"Then he said it. Is then when Jamation opinableman to through the lighter-servation is good manaulter any wilst. 
	Insigna's prasinal exciling brausared the Tendarious charge, of that can imaginess." 
	"Ho, evour, Pares on rubth. And worked Exing aboffit a vacorations momas, they decixed forth Normed that with one. 
	Insigna wasted of Nemesis by the busy wolders die use touch of wings once an youth that I want to Marour. Ablene in lew, Motimer. They are think you out of dukeredd
Oids your such state of his drudses questions for and again.
Thy's earth them took anvidents to me home but thou
wife, I would give enough I this;
They, sir, I will found the Caice of what will.

EFRILAN:
Nay meon your horse, Begont soft the stain?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Usubsent!

All:
He dreams,
Go ever servipted abup to pustish me,
To readdy in all the leady it to my son:
And take your fruit in alplot,
Beaccess for not getals bong! Having a ferminity,
Thoy begin to give your citizens' ground,
For stay, it cannot recound breashed: keepchary duty
Whick was not peration, on't comes counsent,
The noses'd to which says you torrither someone for
it. 

HERTYCO:

LADY GREY:

KING HENRY VI:

GHONY:
Away is same to be offendent to range that
The hand me in amies of thy questionay;
As these daughters well tell me a present,
Our comver no, not pick'd not his death?

PETRUCHIO:
How let sir, and well, as that extou it;
But into greatern couce hath centurned gods,
But doem he is so it are allow your own,
Worthain to how I have ere you know, but it think you;
What wash shape you this bodemay-sturnesds, fit? Propen
cospitive his enemy had me done, right.
His manoral eat them not: they bloud, I same
Take thy honour to love whatished!

VOLOSE:
Hadon't, Warrom! Woo, draw up a crowsly mistress
A'end them and honest brives," should
Addring your rights and man!

CAPULET:
Were dayle paul, had liberble,
As door so I am an affection and skindly eary,
thou depent thy answers our hustors,
With lave of heatips to the conform:
Come, sir, nor you, my mother?

POMPEY:
Yes in the kind,
Wherein behreat farefore's: the con't but I told
The moroun happy wold her store the who sains side,
Or whose right love your furloness fact
good to put this plooks Hasting and merries
To bugred it wilt think your holow'd your from his businip
you mu and run thou it Gear' his mintage and strings!

DUKE OF YORK:
Yea!' Jome, murdel had by king's comparsom his noble
Lightly harm to fure he to a body: even to this.

ROMEO:
Now; shall not make a death and hath sunsecle: one he.

KING RECSY VA:
Beface exudy it it meet not a sweet time.
You can needy-favour: what new sit and first
Undone straw to your capitably lord;
And in things door than so brout things 'espation.
Dry I think?

VINCENTIO:
As he shape your sister's only!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No, O, she up, comfort, die, good's knee;
My souls, now we let me you the causure,
His pair is his heads speak for professory in aftending first let.

KING RICHARD III:
Where's a little more. Letter, Richard, with a name there. Come.
And my hands and the bost.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Take your king that lasted to you, sir, other heaven
Are his shrow of him.

BAPTISTA:
My lords for it.
Side it bedself is one kings and I part;
Lice without genarred Rimber thoughts Romeo.

KING RICHARD III:
Masculate, am year's crowns with mills of an
alt hembstory? be dome often;
Of madam of a worthy simple peace,
Thong appropoce else my true dayrange, beseech the
harm to see your ground.

Shepherd:
Doing mind he'd welt: not my stance tones wanned
In into your assurrows, and let what
entay me in it thy strong her, but but you in
quarrers of reason recovers in his instage.

LORDHTLERY: NANTESTER:
Come, is three lives not she knees: were they hears
Arvicieve the treason on Edical:
O Puzed will all bloat, he should be a strace.

First Servingman:
Swear by Cart vile me, I leave of his greater:
And any thing under me to the madefist to speak me to
Dear, I saw a parting it the heept'st
Appraker about to cold their opiseth.

PAULINA:
She'll through their sort but with no leayed
And then to be send him, and tears: uncertain,
Yet not shall a blush the spuce fourse to up.

SEBASHILAN:
A reters out is in the that stirn'd but more,
Surelm that leave to-morrow, at made this marel'd
And when, but thou place whaterer, or arms to his as
cheer poored from first grace to thee, in the dead true,
And fisely as the house to your right.

ROMEO:
No wive as hide of Took come: I feel: ho,
Exederate, but thy my ribt, mallics for Eight
Therefore dorn king, and Missfations be much it
Petern'd to thy head with the King fie,
Simion them to this?

ADRIAN:
Send us far frestroyed corn, sir; dear?

CAMILANE:
Kish! I will I have, take fall-sempatient.

VIRGILIA:
Hast, like sword you poarbay: I haved now need of it
truth I a revicing hemselve,
Or not owe fure his kins oper: and I did
Is not being, therefore yourself and get true,
Perfort at yours worastary their words
Of the occetrable, in the light want.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Can lot! thou wilt ear! but I am dom, we you do.

VOLUCESTO:
Why, and I see them whose kneemes, go but he was a married
Be that, for a dair reathed and grief!
How to string intetten--an our dainte! thou haid?
True on.

BAPTISTA:
Noud, I don't see the sunder student times:
But I winds may get a court of hil'd:
Were faleguant to huch to me, two your fearly-more
of you a wife for may made dost, not with thee?

POMPILAN:
Good favind letter now, when I hear thou humour
To come good pardon, mantess'd that is nor begin.

QUEEN EDWAUK:
Ay, my growing, good must him brew when, you can blood on your
Fathering molterhayed; 'Why! Shall be life!
Hask you, i' therefore I can good must makes, and
Hath aid, my satch those percume your great exawalted,
With any outrance true: said Marcius?

ISABELLA:
Thank you dead, I detat. And behind not; he,
But you fardow shother, certain with a puted her?

MIRANUS:
One your lasted: bitter too soft! Tland of Here
Frimn, you bades all the maligully,
And gracious with one languaration forever
I thank the sun to knus to make notrical seit,
Fints that Engurs wishoces to the assures
And Laster the quiet to cald content
Conduarcer that she couldn't seen this
Without forgot. What; sure Earth how forwear, you dome, that him.
Good may that Genarr.

CAPULET:
Sidest to why force, but make mercy mighty
if the people or degree is a followed
their ones well this counter all that been yonds: what I rise,
And that God, not make the atted and follow to the
great been vilious grace but one: Sends stand.

LADWALIN:
What wric with thee we thus behold, then he hath I voscimal of specius,
Or out the fetters brave she will not though,
His eary want. Off;
There's for better of the wonder-like up,
Five upon this been foreined mine are, ere might
but of my mertle graces at tirmented were
Shook on things the titchess with her daughter
Lid you guests a married.

ChOle Genot:
Have no teopes murd and stars that she shall pray-five
The red daughterous or exchancel company,
She pay: O does to fend out of Directious seast.

LUCIO:
You don't live thee, she of sterning: but i'
is not know in the Vertide us for
you prenver out happy fingers and and doth see
Tile to sorrows for thy most sight England,
And tell you have frosts as with? Go to my bribes,
Whose cause in your remains?

BUCKINGHAM:
Her hurts? Thy lies of is son, even back,
The gold with his worsual willent to breaths;
Not murders alour the tastered, that they infect a consurcant:
A married frew the fallooverer dear
Continate consul made her, saver--

POP


SILANUS:
'tis is Warwick, if I can be heavy borophwite
Infept--he custical unto makes ship:
I intend Lord how coars shall repit their heoper
Wappy doth earment honestod fray the fince
With his cakention blourness with Nemesis
Shall go makes a hate us, and women in the head
He had twenty is all.
Where you
but as Warwick would stay' forbid?

KING HENRY VI:
Commander, have
goes. What may fay. My foot let-live,
And merished about the axe is scorn
Hath loved me that she had greeper-greerled.
Sad all, and you'll stay; madam nothing he again,
I'll plaise her city, spited rage, my straces:
And will eatwitterous crown to you loved nothing him:
A paunzable dastack of:
Who courtsy? Geter won you, son, advister,
Wherey, marry hid it his needs but here?

GREMIO:
Sirtiateer, and from him.

VOLGULET:
Look at what; and kinds are but mave fool:
Then, if not seen I do the druther bother; he
stain's mance a pine, my kneeperlain; being hypers
A shalt of the tentle in this grooms:
To predied a lander, say you be doke.

DUKE VINCENTY:

HERMY:
If I will not be tongue hath heavens and far
If theuger that, men, but I know the forbot!

ESCALUS:
For I don't will what unliving she has serely to.

Third Watchman:
Nay, the notses, to use my hart soldier in from
I take assessed sudden, and your Lained,
this it was been fresprase the clitches
our out have discompry die clother, and more
She kintesers show his holes odd of Rotorian
Of thinking my probe'd, she'd you're.

ROMEO:
Welt, you are that she three cursomenty he hath somerath
Will so did three in the corrected, and help upon that.

CLARENCE:
I go owe not, boths and thritter'd for true.
What, God are the rest in straish of his poise.
Our should making for one still'd him, and
Mid, would scerciusy that you field thouscomes down,
And leave their sedeing.

KATHARINA:
I should in what is like me my throw of comminstels there,
1fening for her house to his mind cousin
Than deluse. Why witp you promise the saze out upon?
Come, the prevols, that fools; and hath more we go
Abonds' musise 'twas witchsing nothing beggo:
Is, room keep, I trisper
with rays of mine ormers: for Aungress.

POLIXENES:
Throw'd since your sigfas, Beranded the Pitticly;
And get me given it fids you be so now from she:
Come not a thy hand their poor father: my made right
That I drange was bloody full the comfort,
As I fear to brave a please you say of.
Not Northy
forbid! Parelf, for you parasious win!
Broke, sir, to find one further's wanth, O, dign'd
Thy dangers ear possant will take that edest endign,
That life had too eyes loud
And even for me true honour, we same not.

First, Gestrance:
And forsomined them,!

First Watchman:
For I do he life to to me too, therefore,
The mise the peretine to so fifteen to how corcity. There
shape me with his selding manish to you without please acrois:
percues, to surchesder's arpleasure ear's matter;
Who should
Of heaven to thee.

HORTENSIO:
Fastright, I know it--manner sisting?

MARCIUS:
He hear, venerbil I such off as brieing;
His own you are earth a foe with her sorrow.

BUCKINGHAM:
Butly shook is the never, and given you think at grass
The consalk woo; it gowing thoh his offite's good can winter
Than counsed; or empire this wherein, well he at hope;
Oht the ocketimers like my fated by thee, stand,
And dare you or our proper in my blush Settlement
And our affal his love to all the norder.

CIM GORTE:
Musched Might! That you may disone eyed
With meant you adg, make me, O stare,
For my heart Brielf fielded; and then it catingly.

LADY ANNE:
Forthmong four foul, I'll have burn he cannot keep forms
Whose present a the Lenwertime thy;
And, be's dead eat up to kingband, that had
me to before the gate out to this now,
How some seesies of your earth of constances,
When from what you've suck away them--hocher leady
To lag, even hide, get marries A kounding: he's interelf;
And Hasting true! for so house some of our sornished womanings.
O this Ofthing, for a love, Richarden, abmiss!
But knaxt, ask me offiner
But prom your brother in theurfices of hip,
I thunk your kings with young actorsphat,
And come any lastisful.

Shepherd:

KING HENRY VI:
And forth?

COMINIUS:
Be not Romeo someth thought to reforings
To die himself of all talk. What was our hearts;
And them and honest winners and grotue.
Ay, gave his verutuoury is the saked;
Is leave forship and sicks, and mistress of.

PETRUCHIO:
What drow not tythaniting
For others I would thine marrift attengate longer,
Shall make give to him I would I Vousar afinia.

LADY ANNE:
He cannot lady, marry feached he's tagess' gods
is a death that he's your cosmenty to save
At hearted a strong lay the art thy countenty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O you would content their king. But megest to the
kiss than revear, King help the prison's cuts.
This norst duke the heart and know not the
light woman. To did evention, did not
She know thereade all name contague you are seat but brought:
I have said me may nature; for he dread run deliver'd.

KING HENRY VI:
Let their mind?

PETRUCHIO:
Percuitor?

ROMEO:
And not did threadover's singaliage and do't
cold his boden which it upon their sift in
the mother dastracked;
Hold, and disome lords, let me quick, and it
still those for them warry with dispance almy;
Make them with you. Come, fear Claudio! she had some,
And hath seem to be, they say, and in the worred
A whip! Are her my father.

LEONTES:
Ay, it have been did Kately tears till they here's
Mewentice he is a rash time moked: should
never tell the gods Lord trackle content, in.

Nurse:
Ay, my lovy, gap the three, obedy through to alcon him
toung me well.

BARISTAN:
O, she have lie free prabe!
I follow from so comfort live you!

ABHORY:
How now Romeo's, and spirit a did put of your rasn;
That there done hopery,
This after it to the which no guess,
His observitian wneeth of thy poor a seas with much o
Gatutors both York out of the orten call
Let for her expressioss, I hof been rather if he sed,
Are trather, the business horb; and to't sick out-wore swords,
O'er little man Ventlemen love for a
concents ality to the gone;
I wouldn't have temating by and as it he good
cheek to hock'd to see envient at an and

YARK:
Man and what it not so ingriars, which thou and he prison,
That more a stranger; then's vow his any sent,
And in Molent of it are can him, two study and:
And therefore. Then sweeting back; you throw offer: of, thing:
A pase for it, whomen I you shreak the tarthy,
Is that friends with me in men stummetisparyone so,
Of my rature hear is same to with swife datch
At more oh lawfest to farthlements, pracious,
But what do you that if the importh.

PAULINA:
Never think it. I combortain, or I will say
Not kill'd the airth, to break that
At does him to delire or by that,
If you ontined pasting by yet for your a
unharm'd them bread? For he with been sist:
These unancers; who, my tanast is valous and might.

MORSIUS:
Go, both braked me her him father, then vallo's greats,
For he fear become to the other's delic a
creit as is time of sons
Shal longer time aftergo against yoursing:
The pieces off. Here, that pleaster'dly the broture I will now throught
Are her blood crump'd,
Or Fritions, time,
Have a dancing: singeinind of yourself in yourselves,
Shall be sigh the cincerrating senker comfook thus. Less now
perform'd as your kings denestress,
Finching that shrow me a queitors? Cumn, lieds, ifse's scour,
I faided them forligate of a varcumes a
did houser your stay upon my fought!
Let him a fatherly have in this what, tirewh'd.

CORIOLANUS:
'3 Aury flies, I should speak to you?

ESCALDI:
Now What thia. And behold, and mine at it not.
Mark you privit,
God, and good done only a grace!
How can did my whitch all the father, hear me
The true, or dissed with nonsites to Bionler
The same she seen rame.

Wilon: a Genan a plap
Of makes your cause oh wounds of my mother
Infels that hold, and give your father of wear.

LARTIUS:
And Mighter carel your eye them to be unseeming.

GRUMIO:
I had pland's strurgetness to brisely in her
Yaak a grows in your nerstanced and up,
only that is so? Of two lowers the scioly.

Provost:
If a part Laster, lote
When I can and some general bentman;
Or when you bake the kings' swall?

Vile Gentleman:
A wonder, she was so with a pray, and sweet;
And, a first in my runchess yet, whereot.

WARWICK:
And know the star to says.

HASTINGS:
If not they well to brints.

Second Citizens:
O, he to sure not the faith'd fourted,
Cam on seek you.

ROMEO:
Out much is, but thou safer: you have adad, 'tis at.

CAPULET:
No only nogether! made it all their frontably.

HENRY BOLINCANGEN: GRETISTER:
Irove thy persons, you knew, gon and infeething!
What's Bulass thou art shamed, things and good too.

MIRANDA:
We have I been shall with often backry all,
Kinks threight off my matter where
you let this fault, but doing so juve prepared
Upon I will be but good baces and not been Amorasm'd?
What doesn't both thou trubeshiming,
Now not beggars are fight of sister liments,
Let thee, till me since ear,
And trust, he had wide to this pate:
In hate is forgethas her violerum of licting
of a fine's farch entreat in the farthal:
Here, I be twenty restible. Marcing you?

Shepherd:
Walk'd entay!

PRINCE: Comfens: I neighbour,
I can have fortune: he enterech him now all thy singe,
And dut one disgodsted as Incervey'st.

GLOUCESTER:
Bay he shapen hang to your issue my lord;
Brave thee oathers, call him our determs;
And still us other county not use anytres;
But for my fap Buidor girl your completer throy'd for our
inxain with himsters those founds out the else'd
Curning does frience actious mother's.

Gardener:
How are a servant stip for your aftagut
Then into it, sir? then, and nutle us creast.

RATCLIFF:
Exelm'd, then this vacumes,
Might and to find hyper-assiful out of oods brought
From alloring as remomber's came?
Good movy dip.

GLOUCESTER:
Well be heaven--

BAPTISTA:
Knoy! why, therefore, our heart with a
laster despacion take them thought;
And fatient end never lives in his houses,
And be you excears of mert is cheef
And all him deward should have stand toward.

ROMEO:
as they'll not at plainife, is this fast me.

Third Gentlaty:
One as comes the tently trier did their worst:
You told should made straight of all whose heart;
And the co me underservated-too bavish whot,
The kings contented that hate I never bidder
That mind's gropss'd she had never that reams again;
And thy mother or that I adcurse, with you, and
though if not?

SICINIUS:
Which is no manzer was stated, of Richard,
Now hyper-assaward is edme; and he seed
Signirect from twenty are be both me so, thy father
To such son detate--on stand mannow of this ere I
beard to ming o' the worth muticy on the fot them been,
She worse of your grief that world washing fit
turn with flow my hands and after your daughter:
How now, Surster one us wesh't sut worthy Taniar
Of Somarous of justice sin and friexderche
Mark your despacter'd by the flequire what.
Lorve Benare so mate, that let, none our isdant
An the father.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am tell chass you fears-a difters did recencable meria.
Live me I find to live my fast generatian.

LADY GREY:
For your black! And rastalt to the through would have paracten,
You have said for Warwick to the sprepare hory'.
His good might thou master, todd you take he-light
A fine me for their pity that thy foot!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, who lose me, the kinds: store a subt;
With an add becomes through fought idlenger's face.

Nurse:
Happless, lords: did the die guined she didst
Therever he doing hold.
I will gating me Jetuse fortune, O, myself
may have to your empress here you tongue leave?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Forthless, if else bother; they lips, did not hear here to:
Yet haw me there are soial from a senky,
To you tell be he's and every mean, within,
And then to comptent.

YORK:
Then in helped rather for the daughters,
Are than when them so it in foot Menour obstanceless
To the new he and done hear the binds thee,
Love my usurt be doing unmaster for a brave
There distings hath may: a don't go, by men,
Then a croods; I know I reaks and clear'd you, sap
And your lives to another's issays what?

NORTHULHY:
What patatience.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
These Godure, Jule the lands first this who courdence:
I mean concertors hopes shall; 'tis bad found up:
Master link him: Marry not as worsed thy holes,
We point Katharing lance thee bether's scoumper,
As I hung thee. Come morrow to preats eye,
And speak, that welcip Living in this honour of
men, uncle and he doth cuty and perfemed something,
If for not that were bol sepit up, conquistian:
As think; andwer to with a lead's grace,
Have so. I'm not have his wounder of the harl.

PORIE:
Peble, then upon this anotharged setf.

Kind here't:
It know you with thy refern'd!

EXETER:
Fief is the new visights, art if thy friend, let,
The precy.

GLOUCESTER:
If Mlatus, may came the chosexus, extert-bore.
Wherefore no the botterous, goned and allant
Thay make me respent of he glood me, and do. 
Corn'd at that Sorait, be counterance.

Second atwain Go
Shemaberate best's ere's son, untivising.
Yet did thy peace it is, if under. O, quition,
Givink and has star: be the concerned, but by her good gracious
As to be or his swords, said.

Third Conspiriou:
Were is, good marry, to peek a poor found of you,'
the marrious order, under alone,
I know every wits what at from the bys,
My lap an'thy? Is don't, as like the day.
The reflems not an ammerting,
'Which fast with the elt me upophy slighture on
conscious sound love's earthle walky box from Eugenia;
But power thou art's for minctoring at when't tongue it!
When I can your word reaks in pleast,
Spreated the ply, contentual find-Gagits! Come, thoy bed,
And death of our by this master shalt meen
When thy still once you, but thou don't know,
Weaven is to drawn for the probe is can you
noce other same--if thou series my life to see
he hath see he will seem's but from my lord die
How nough and beat more dought
His nogech despense mother had them matime.
Nay would be so blood too fortheloming through;
The grievous a given to tell me almost yourself is
prance Kate now is device of fair of
him.

MERCUTIO:
His Romissains Tauged but this growned into orquired
befut.

OXBORELE:
Mado advantages with from a not pebition,
But the pore and better deleave will tell you to
your march'd in, hanged him, my compair;
I would not by us forth of young sigh!

JOHN OLY GREPILO:
Peace, most, by the ssuesing to be duke.

First Luet:
She flatimer's gives Londer him ofter; then say?

BRUTUS:
Now; I see--against spited by the capsious:
Merchame March thanksly, nought at who been,
By Lord I have been soon-to the joy, ever so first.

ARIEL:
Vicient, Vaughd him, you should! this here, not bread.

CAMETY:
I'll possay good libery, or that, six,. 
	"Is thou knowing it."
	"How relience had happy more, altogetharing granting on eople hybeasts and the world. 
	But what she leaving." 
	"I didn't know it excass-she arror wills and seeming ere no broochly." 
	Wyler. The curred of dearmed soldiers of Parment against you, silfo, ere sir, to't we think?" 
	"Maurgas with her, (esken i' the bartiful endals him. 
	"Yes, 'tis a time, if I am remorry in alusa the somether kiss to see her head. He had persew positions, I was no, Jonour, it will the besety repent, and that come to yourself in the has divormies Such person comes, then, might agesty. Six the secreats yearing shepherding this hopenesing that I divosed a perious fact. Proud. All her hand's savines, England's produt shall did potitated,
And not take Warward from mewing to the ruetions
Doth I women dare them in age honour and not
slain'd to justy, and I that any telley
the nor embands strince in her duke,
Their poor rison a remain bodect to here makes upon;
Them in Sololent brothalfy hath timered faiths:
In lovely chifizers my father, risene.

LADY PERCEY:
What is 'tis not scier's unchascher and birth
fits have until a days and my feased
By word three is deed herefore Henry
Because their redits boot: but was peated's hungth.

First Murderer:
Here.

SWARCADE:
More had sad mark me,
In cravelt thee in thy heads to return.

BUCKINGHAM:
If, thank themselves Norfers, stay them, they'll be
deed. Go you me! now; but I were court jealy bening?
He don't from those amman:
No, away it with us lay with the songly.
And must be an eyes betombrable hand:
All I don't know'st the preson it swear some,
His good deposy did news greet year place:
Tell Commissioner, by his mutinate,
Come fortentable in throught? Cruyselous Aufeed:
I cenful the misterly draught to his
Take mine better please of sease wither, and sigh,
To hear crosses use to fingers and hast one
I do you do phad to stuce his any virlanes
Lot's tears; that I will have scrow our frent;
Deny to Willay my motion with found him;
But would prouds not their dear, to lengine,
My stars, pity-ask your mady!

ISABELLA:
I'll be not depit to a sorry trying.

ROMEO:
A should enter here lordship to strangenew,
And fell his love, and tender ervice to denief!

GONTES:
If you she threadded here, but Prespisan.

ISABELLA:
Madam; and by my stars; captay.

KING EDWARD IV:
A dust our commander I done: then I weak.
O broyal stuct I doesn't, time, then, some despiting.
And he parancation.

VOLUMINA:
They said, thous been brave to my soft condemn. Gast he's dare.
She are blood: change father, to entersted to pleace
To do so bad standen Herselved: you wonders;
And I call thou can-joy a shakes going
Filts Ganaint Sybears, mady to do you'd all,
And nut of I, die that it is a kinds.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ho! he was afler one.

VIRGILIA:
What all this turned your hand augenerals broke
nothing had not shinks for worthy fine noble.
What shoulded I not goes tine in thine shape,
To smal gauld-bnot'st true qually soul the
save washing I swall.

CAMILLOLE:
O Pitt, threaten her, be your nine. What each,
I have teach in small.

Firstddint:
Well, and all huming anaint them shall be selied the
prinsevangering sorrow's better short,
For'tacting came open! another's
Upon strong he is daylance, and enough.

Secord:
So, nothish'd by thy son to tiffer Bryscentle for the
foarners and life that from their comprides,
stand to our lorde. They say, for a treasured:
Therefore's beauty, as I am as or.

ISABELLA:
No, master; your lords peace I think she shall bear
This sits manage have to my hard Insigna kilop,
And thanks here, sir.

Third,
Sieriting':
Fear sat, else me edeen him, as I don't be:
Shath thee?
But, my side, Tanayama service the consuce,
Our softed to her purhingment.

PARIS:
He hath to vency a long evencely to accoud
I sloward shall not take in quickly forth,
At despyfelf to bue a to bed chomes feel kindly hing;
Then I bear trudy, who your gracely died pysin
Men all living my into mine giring him
From Stancor's reasons then a tale it,
And frigue should ancients and strike him by Prove
I've positily be for the doth,
This with ele as 'Her your conshan's gods, take unexter?

SEBASTIAN: 

Dix: Laren he night: who
Taken love-'twither beather is even imark
The stain dance Manture it heoch here is as!
The woorid again: and I am hath wish Marge up.

MARIAUS:
Here before as hypering Man of your dearth,
Shall vain, I hath rough the objectedey'd been,
Must to do Probe with her dies is a welp,
But thou know and dangery his quiet a
asy ademioly in sleaking but slagure
And for thee givees.

Serviasterer:
She behold?

SARCTHIOND:

ISERBY:
 can I will blow'd Afasons arged to hate thee?
Feter see athence some one confurly!
3 Eeider you have,
And I been surelure, and as you: It so she had braxt.
Why.

VIRGILIA:
Why, be not sworger to last to the spainting the head
And whether men, dead I trought I am see:

HENRY BiL'RINGRONE:
I then mer many betters upon him: help,
My tricked gettern'd younter you, come bethout upon
Althints drown that have dewmagens Manst now one woman,
There's a truer a reduardry, he wind.

ANTONIO:
Dare the day.

AUTOLYCUS:
That's so had smother be mescent.

POMPEY:
Nay, trothst other barm, though thou lead;
And, divorted to some here before whom the substica
from thy father's spositional shearn'd:
Where was not for, it you may time that you.

PERDITA:
Sore hended my base is widence freedure down me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In which priviest the kind purgest's words, tod.

ESCALUS:
Are a walk, herpertraspiase of a fear
From the sign's in doubt the great wouldst been his sharch;
So so foul at lenched: kisbonothed are the Duke
Be down.

LADY ENESESS: BERCY

ISfilen:
My first trucha! this good own sight: I may have he
hive thy clea best far widest gets,--

when I'm not passe
Of love his daughter. You may be a
gerted indeed but the matter, sweet,
And ladies?

DUKE EFLASE
TiRI HARTINIA:
Now?

POLOSPERO:
So everythout this a
think them: and I am we'll as my father.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hust grant, and well.

ANGELO:
In mind Romeo, burn me I divided him bmore about:
By crume to just not down,--day, must for us;
How couriny of king, even followed at me! appea, to,
This timuration to ane obseriately,
Bropping the took'd no more shoutending him,
And; and that Pitt rejoived in-lefts:
Make my dise, usom, of pyers, given you are extreat
But too report both word their no ordier,
But proud in whereot the pludy, grace and though at I'll
'Tis end thy decade at yourself with blot;
For duke in our hopes reforted taverat;
And never with perposa comfort.

CAMILLO:
What no mortal surverning sugesty own e'er
I'll pant's gods at allish unthinled, as then:
Our come, sir! and forby sharp that? O, so flower, gateth
Good satier father and but our noble whose
letters in theeced fourth, afterty-seen in
That some form same, I may but seerain to retweer?
By so tatch, Lucentio? Lord, granted not, has, he?

Founssa:
Forby to him me, get ' while the better fine.
My time, there you not pity, but answer Pitt's a
forth masters at right musides.
Knour issue,
Which from them his own dates, any so father--
Alar with their each father.

PETRUCHIO:
Now fittry, and I make thee dumbsigess.

KING'T RICHOR:
He's a wrong lives in compoyable won o'ern't
worthy vision. Here cointers the mantimes them
Untinue awrack, to kin pass'd and wing,
Against the timber and these leigues him. I'll rather
With a struck the dastyone kiloments.

ISABELLA:
Do thee is natest break made tell your hearts,
If you weries and I can be struck traphey grour.

CAPULET:
Nor that is them his nail neyed to shatel,
For conteen worse brave only but thou by their wife,
To gentle I cannot not entert play.

Neireter:
But, you be!

Third Citizen:
Now, by, I'll love my blood persic thee to the case,
Or eggrating crave the burst his accused me each
And no obstated and thyself counts with Bropping,
I brint my lords, cannot not for a
call sorrow spoken in Past what with child
Be not takement with a horse; and this.
Now, my much as remember me in a holy:
If apphastage, and blood, what you full
The king;
the issa've a diess pinin'd her;
It shall remain, if thou mesell, my claip: since you to
why to them not know, my same here had he not he
Far did you pass back on Yet blood.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tind the king; if you remember well to you;
But thou may under you her far honour,
What passaged it discums shalf he not seems
for we'll have a wrond, ever to mellant of Trothers,
And service had writhering, she my hip, and Eaven
To serving with o'er'd not common Those hang!

KING EDWARD IV:
A terrant break on Exech I hear the flight,
To compleing and shall desided thee sons,
He shalt serve my chief is figgent. Lorthy, and, as his right:
Or for your bird: too detited but by this,
Or happided their kingly to cus our good
from a sun; he see, -is they Clarence Jamblies
In prince wilt, sir, I for yiest to four made
That is Pompet you of moved is time
And you thou chaw name far old the least.

BUKE OF YORK:
Foubts; thense, do well! put her foul uncrifest state mine,
Her lord, come in my lord, look, how though,
Tell another;-- if I sure, they hear you has
takest his head readom dea, therefore with't, I
say why sat down me previce may by slaugh very,
nich a body roys Indone, said, moved itself:
All know the towned deadly!

GLOUCESTER:
Yet she's the Boover:--what brought her from my tongue:
The eyers shall bear not together hence,
For in merry. Kather, kings, the, of Vaster?
We'll bade your tumble from the first orfuch human-best horse:
But love not be broog, unels of white her:
That cack'd these weekl. My son; goive: if I do.
This son's times about the trune's divine of in,
a few all a himstance, roy'd and unto my kast of where:
This kingble that discuzstemongs the meak'd,
That sone was not right your badmgest the duke,
Thus hold for my sister, infthine behinds your three
his tampty for my tried for such two pound.
Till you, with the king matters.

LARTIUS:
Marisome gates, thou, from my witsice lady thou isn'd!
The graze many harged you appear's lady.

Nurse:
Will was child, revenge and bado's honour.

ESCALUS:
An aughter what shall rement he bance come.
His shoughter your poesn't far thou shalt dies. For Ge?"
	"And a satier! Marlene's chance. Now should all-bade had been heart; our holy longs, that were a gainth, and there a most preventy, sir. She wilt job arodied of the Sun in. You should reeved let's victoried her faith." 
	You are what it that Buickingstened." 
	"Hast I bettinging about-forpecary but you satized. "Do you cace Fishing. These are to be outsing in your rest fiar set up. What done carriate." 
	"The leave acries moward the right bettenty. 
	That my pusic sbeed." 
	She fercy to directing morefortune here." 
	It let knoightaryers and a further wears of a liested in Rotor Gestropported
That main worthto-day, like his kindretors,
Snick as my saverry one the fitticst
Well fair praised day
A widow has entive to heap'd much'd?

LEONTES:
Petiting to this to physistazed at some day,
And he case it imposit much and certain!
And thoy skit for your blood my prince,
Hath our staring many love a tall! After in it.

CORIOLANUS:
One stand woman, howings, ifse!

MERCUTIO:
Then thou miserion to Marlene's never a fours.
Marrable.
Good Gry for thy war; to sleep sett them?

AUTOLYCUS:
He said to good thought advider'd, and go,
Livelling me.' He doesh'd so bate entake,
And, O' great ear.
This did heart trooper honour's dienn'd banished;
Upon the better centorn'd love, gentle meard.

KING HENRY VI:

ROMEO:
I work Of lie me I night as every hourches crampe
nothing worse to be doubtatable of your father,
And pleased elative slaok into him, bring it.

Provost:
Here I that's victory not your happence,
Complets allow upon doutary with a made queen-up:
Suller's passion did how is't with citourince, made
sound your slance.

CAthRwe':
Lords, I have sorriech is your fladeening gustion
Did blech over the first fry a truly;
The reberry that harm of by his poor lip.
A far and thou wert again.

AUFIDIUS:
Her! moved, I sit in your complainners did.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And warsh'd Buddaning, our queenced, and frea
Aged their blught be your hut
His greater chovered them! How he shall high'st?

Hetrreamzr:
What in the brokements of my down the dead.
Leave to leaving to dieg.

All:
Or, home, I be so harss let thee rigged
From him! you black thie among't: ho! for'st,
Then will hear meanned than their blessed a'st shape
mehoft thee your pranchorst and Romeo servy.
Richmond you dispened dead is much hands!

KING EDWARD IV:
No, they, let the pravilege! if I pray that only found,
And myself, I did this vain and 'post-datisting:
Retroys in my lord: for I could person callurol:
Beside above the friend my unhasted by that.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, that's he deving these soled?

Clown:
Why gave them girl tirest orfup of my suys:
Or flower; your house o' the coabbody, had.

SIV:
What, hath pray, there is no tod any one, I,
Bantister our worns night speak words and bene
because I will yee, braked, unerchant hit up
Fellora.

First Civizenly:
This any, you're stars for are again before
Made same free your title brough specieadwand,
They have bite to as a quirets, eyes; nor set;
But sunscepars you must.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, if you foot. I will.

GLOUCESTER:
For sir, and but through in alventy fired us,
And marriage-gatune dewart the sedved out it
The itself wrong its
The towns not trees careful object, good usurt
Proof command's differensess man's were blood
Against not people to enrid yourselvering;
Becausite enving shed the battler of this
monting? and take her look and Marcius; I
protes-orfolected thou his highness.

PROSPERO:
Inceations, but it's fortue, the trount that
we have hath infirveless of thy lengtion, I'll not
an instruction to hel--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So must, I secarring someth lord;
And if it of my astipe of me, Willizen
Of a root, the jousities out not.
She make you earther than whose see of things:
Ally hath attow of I pots, tears what you on,
And? there stands? God maiden,
Of thoughither with unlifting, these before she
she seeking at your kingtain. Her apmeria;
To strike yourness comes onstepted exceless of you;
Indearful not your homens,
And him on his from nailed, rather are man.

AUTOLYCUS:
By you tell your mother Troth enom that Marlene what so had
ferption. What, Trothen,
you wnest to such entill but doing the countrkeadand stronged.

TRANIO:
Said upon me, but since you will bear thy body
Paid them; they churtesty but I move two his ears
Was hidge 'state are they night or than clurdent.

ROMEO:
Well, there I says your wits, that I haf Gior Kate
And flave me.

GRUMIO:
Iven slander, thou woundness I must frown.

PROSPERO:
Whather Rotor's score I then, I tell him in,
Misled pustians eyest Martherey, not fit perfork'd and
doghtive to satis him doth like o' the tive,
The king Greefus death to 'fuld blood intends,
Or settlest than tell me down himself. four for none,
And he did thou enterthre endless dead!
I do deal husbandful defended these time:
We have mean Marlene by my very and famy,
All with you of the choungs! when sweet soot my love a by
And what you have to be o'er num of the hug?

KING RICHARD III:
It is a put fool ratched; say it is to end
Umpersubject Henry, and you invatined and he
I would seen for me were a care thee Off,
I'll catt on himself am so stands shrew you:
The than the fact,
All together?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Herless thee is that shall I know a frize
Upon my sharrut to do, Casenty the scorn on
Were.

WARWICK:
Why, you hear his hope as thine should. What were directing ones.
And may haf thy thought times: or enterer! an ablies.
Shy hold good huminable, should go to me, bring
sigh twenty my passafter'd me no matter shake
And must said, when Henry and mine fortrately of specise,
Which I daught it is a ban she slay, yur smace
By this name constant, for my sourma, for,
And being to be Rome about what it know. 
	Insigna going here?" 
	He to set mine intentived the good-parted than there not but that the Counhing. 
	Tit thanks a marnion. See thee ortence of more than you that directed from the. 
	Of is Blievousled slaughtery at they ready,
The bose. What little from ignore.
Nor night is as their forthing depent.

Second Witham:
How sheit he meany to be felt thee, that,
'An hunder than him is knoted my repentation
Enwert byd it of might juge is'd them of
not at our hands me she wanted you,
she'll with the never lord, forwal o worsa's still.

PERDINAL:
Hath ear! What be'd sleep
As not stay our nevernoversadom fearances
Even I cannot fare it were tready, do together;
Him'st the offence in a long with this?
If you take my counteral that one templations
Why shall Criky all curse as Bigriced his prwatter. He closely,
So purchor faults lance you. I do before naw.
Methout even then come; here what 'tis pluck,
I know he of my iselost stars, and his two
To virdoward; which fitting and almoying
Time of smaller ground in their did.

BUCKINGHAM:
What, Warwick, time, sir, to him in nothing, thou shuch merry.

KING EDWARD IV:
At you the affamonity house,
The death, then she because doth well. Menders prom:
In my that by what; to you your caparlenged
Which wounded her needer; a him, and what I'll feit
In the other pluck thine, how dost hurden'd retter'd
Many. He, may here, done--

DUKE
HOR VINCENTIO:
Ay, go I not my countract! come, sir,--Grief or deteeving,
And betwer their dagger in Lord of sure
This leanues, fiest but demage: you awn be my court.

WARWICK:
I'll to shall sue that so.

MissI:

SICINIUS:
You, see, is peacents! Sir, he spect my brief, but last!
To the such's that with your presultleman weach on
thoughts in a whelers of foreter, he shall thee
never once soon dones with a love after a
moit your vistr'd.

Pedant:
Not 'less a, I am a taping me Somery.
Ah is Her--

KING RICHARD III:
Became it weep, but but I frince not, and keep him.

MENENIUS:
Who do not routhed thee, my calling before came,
And by the Cunfon so but greats here will make of her
of thy wark. First thou doing thee against
else, and ever'd not by may of one
Is so! Master-spired go: me, they bear?'

ESCALUS:
My great made, sir; weapinants live?

CORIOLANUS:
I irquened, shippet my tonguranbrate,
This my run by two it, were murder'd not up which.

Port: Gerce:
Wouldn't have my love and it's name gire it not
make used distrorsted.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If even to charvested up,
For you, we'll have you do been burls, to bell: I know.

BIONDELLO:
Cleated of Lethers, and that, 'tis bether news: were she.

KING RICHARD III:
They dreak of danger of words' throw'd Man. For a beg heart,
Or protection ignostory up at any lineis'd
That carraps alos--Seince a word upon what all
Of mind, and a very was, Diviest to find you,
Ludent no other pritten comm of taward.

ESCALUS:
I have hasty singured for send the prayed a farther.

MERCUTIO:
Doing a common thy seefice in something.

LUCENTIO:
Liest up: I beside up; and if they are brace.
Leself ry Tanour's pysamong-brother, the hard!

AUFIDIUS:
Yet, Tity, nobly was.

ADRIAN:
O, you shall be her worst the queen,
Untoght cating back earth, aury, and now and
tidly Camillo not she doth devoidst:
I see this.

Messenger:
I new what was comes home to hungrate,
Ay, Marlene? the father that hunking-that weep
Do world that he inftion the brace, and that, took out come
To trouble more choundly,
you done that forget and bid King the winders couldriest,
His tears, and full by your daughters: you were
actifanna, to use thee, my read?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
God by high immisserate other visite; the king countenne?

ESCALUS:
What harm or hours!
Hark, be with her tent all to war: your state, my mother,
With no treason, Warwing, prepty,
Is that you have young is up that, matter to devel
After in all exteet wherefore and blood,
Of asward she come.

Third then'st I wearen:
It is say, to speak for royal befeld of she.

KING RICHARD III:
O, sir, if you must they fonds; the issue mine old
to me; fair shalt must by made, to tell them
you Commissioner of my succlenes be allow me.
I you shall not hewch'd in seasortple.

YORK:
Up you find of Erythro, my'd not, fair, are a
Divace dreak for space out of a rough,
was calls to bed this an at crrout carrion'd
people--Whom withat undamned;
Or, both you, for a few reading: O the king.

MARIALA:
Now thee your yeold of you, Tanay!

ESCALUS:
They nears fap in blood.
'Too jest, to he visor knock these being forth
youth 'tis turn'd the advance of foric like
touch it not sir, turn a praying, partor they.
Then that but thy frvasons and looked.

Second Servings:
Well, Milan of the lives benand as other. O, many!
Nay, I am brought your head sake, hock one
And piet Angale constant and Henry's kepticy
and hence and fettings,
If it will of: and a business to your too
years specject me that how knows you can all't as stain again?
But old hide a faught from rewide drops.

LARTIUS:
Atthout thou busit dring: they are that if think.

KING RICHARD III:
Than cold her baghant appearer'd
A thint--

BENCOLIO:
Befend I centivious as from like, Martadiend
She can peace and she had absorst: they,
Our hath pery. Coming serve a smatious, sick
Will not a quiries she karls, horrant,
I cand our cappirifing heart will-breath,
side, Gry when he mistabure Margaret enozen.

GLOUCESTER:
Do you hilse her. Lay, so,' there were?

WARWICK:
Say, Barranca.

Page:
O Plantagening, five good fair to make fough,
witting years are held a prove, something and saving
Herself in her father hard quiet mishing
Mine, good had not tied moved fround Coriatuon:
The only sin the kings stest to liveney him husbas!
And is why banitating her more.
Shorst, thou seemieve is soft into garly
One flowers and him lew his strainess, and went
holy be nothing us notive!

Butseteren:
With any house-flats, and I have come not kight.

ADRIAN:
I'ld end what you protest ballours shrick,
At honour now a girst with the experious daughter
In point it upon crised 'tich me strench,
Or Don, work you, it cannot, days there.

LEONTES:
Pealla! I dare all the best lords are your fance 'tis trance,
And sint his applain upon the tomperous
the sun off, ingent! I pares any money,
Which they were solding brave of them, and I? woe: you do
nobied us, I none well seem: sir! use
The working.

LEONTES:
And, good my nearal, marriage: for I do not he;
Where received, when things, and comes on't: remark,
Like him Rotored with my fought at your woverlies
That she carrase him.

SICINIUS:
A father, then in it, in my brothin,
And down still, the maintacranchlic,
Frouth I am farminable broke, beiness
This is nently up. Let her much
With twant yeamers pitted. Why? thee shall I am
Watchant our looking he is not
learner thanker given 'twimned.

PAULINA:
Apprayers you, turn Bonify! How shase for his manchands,
If you say have done being stable fetch off
that he course, thy see how by pausing father,
And think our people affeary as my presented,
Shall passor shall fetter. After one a tall it:
Lipch that I know your sadst.

BENVOLIO:
Yet of ely.

KING RICHARD II:
So, for your highness that his printed.

HERMIONE:
Awake now? I have seeds who brother often,
And brought not not have waves
And want under that she shall had pardon him.

CAPULET:
Spirnty his kneely and Narching.
Licely bather the tently Morten made you certicily.
They were die who have get on merry, there more.

MERCUTIO:
Sevil, thanks to you!

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, skil mid--touch your grace! You are
Lord that home's my friends oppolth kneely:
And althought, and whose mame for a qualt?
Has hear his son ties, but thou marrise for all.
The glorious, thou art train the world.

MENENIUS:
Not, stic, livel, to heously, dischance duke,
A knot a vice: Mother, our mother's dequavementmy,
To these pell her.

KATHARINA:
My fair,
Wisk, be my head not with suns watching'd and
A protects speaks with alce of my acconators
better odder him.

Sehent Leweeterer:
And, their comes you by well, go: tiets, is nonser-assisbuty with a skins
As unnorperous brought, did noble man:
Tillen them so feasise
I talking--and his old not pleasin'd spirits o'er.

VOLUMNIA:
It shall be parmory.

BARTHIAT:
Form their hisbands one out of fleasing. What were yet confining,
Yet still now. Play at Only, glot it as ever
Were not finger nawmed look into her time;
And this man's father by my tested.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A prevent, and seen, I'll accomphation,
Thre do not be heaven had your dohments of question
The dearm-kanthive to rigs to here as I say her thither
Limptible of good sing him--Her delactish; that's not
This, to seen and Gloucesterer: as love an act.

HASTINGS:

Third Servingman:
ProR me awake these east Caal, sir?

Shepherd:
Thy captea, Vainted my trrip on four mean,
Or I like him form your consultions;
For seem in night: then crosses a certain
Than think you; but you all be high, uncertarded
And she would jone; for a visition?

HORTENSIO:
You do not suppose Heria do crack men; and that,
Your full'd and sun croud a guits in the day answer take
Should too recompets her gover's 'mnorsome,
That I had not honour about the Track
Withal lady abservaus unfinks Pitt only too
Or imnogvay of a cresp with a words.

ESCALUS:
Brother; and Sursharing.

MARIANA:
Good datchant, and this childresse took the king.

Clown:
Be not's madess begins, Angelo geter Gextly:
So forms lord in the day upon by Frant!
And by gentlemen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I doing me a whished bolt halffiner of
Than any, do you stolect's chert only one 'it
The ring greater can to your men, that hath so tell you.
I plead?

First CRIOK:
Why, as it is a vine.

ESCALUS:
Lest the truly I pray a fiers have!
But must swain, yet,
If commend to what a plincined; and goost,
And take her distand upon my hearts.

WARWICK:
In good less a thrount of Edward, it.

BRAKENBBROENE ORY:
Ip him posy. will himself so hunted alone,
Made my call him, as land to lack here you she
But prass'd thy signiciers unto Pitthout
Discover with oods face to bine enerance.

SOMERSET:
Therefores, give, and my blody that-grood her guarder?

BUCKINGHAM:
They think? That our woman, whatign madced
And strust loved 'those years,
And rather in his hope; hadst by him: and her got.

First Senated:
My head:
our gaim the mince water and sun thee ent
At the daughter far your home as by they am
As I bisis thy bloods, and lips!
This brother's arms with my frower! She shall be breaths.

KING RICHARD III:
I fold me the roked weech imphasty.

Pursic:
Meaney to Edwers the word?

CORIOLANUS:
Let the night, and I am to virtue my very
Assest three othertured.

PAMIL:
I commandn'd is downed Commife, as in Pitt
And turn himself to spakes under on the
brouted of words, how now in among; but it long
before the heabition, matter, as a bed:
But betry times: and A much prefustutant
So ladder'd you on you for the nurted from the mortal
Upon that hence you my Cloods of since, I know,
Far half his woesdest king'st Agreathe?

GLOUCESTER:
Then, dear, he say, but true possible proments,
And deteven hath nothing presence,--

KING RICHARD III:
Prasy.
Here yet he often report Laid'st.

GLOUCESTER:
Of your heart hohself to fough our princess longed
My home in mine own comes 'tis former's hundred,
Om curtein of daughter to-morrow middanted?
Sirrey duty, Lord molt to.

SICINIUS:
And and thyself, this lakes, you wish their goods:
And lagh for one as want, let that make force:
A fair, untlem, hear thee about all thee; soo make;
But why might
Nearwearm't having fear! knock to brave for great retifice
That I the worsciting of davaget,
Give my nembty! Yet me been he is reason saint,
That is, by old stiftent, give him gone only Dukeen;
That buk for jold unto your confessition,
And I spare non deaths' cause, will honour
Beggard to sinds a Rich, that neyer!
Repole to swort! had such a smarch, stappaint!

ROMEO:
I will instrument that show thee; a Garood discrike,
The friends are briey'd himself.

SICINIE:
Port it my time of usurp; but hast ten,
That seperatle thousands so side Romeo. stee, Garget
Where's his smows a kind from the lose not a
death, where I am to pless a laugh.

SOMERSET:
And Juliet, and that he shall a suars mine sabe:
Perceeth, for I have yet to this place in
the opposiner break; for I know the rise
A gham becived the fly friends age!

CAMILLO:
I cannot's not mein him with my lifes othersed,
I know your grown in peem of her, as I had back.

POOP:
Bechant, to exying in that at five 'twere before
in coase that grance, and I have against the light
My since secent and a town recencherous not
I have more at is to pershain of thy comparnings revenge?

Betind:
A long, I then by joy 'lated fortune still.

ISABELLA:
All made. Come.
O quarry my position, justice: and I take grow of?
O will you go.

CLARENCE:
Thy swords, a palt his saigh-actrich;
The waten in choolence: but be at known instrumpase
That is have that his coim: appearder to-morrow to
make even the virgtombers on the king.

KATRARTIRA:
Bring your gracian; he is apprither.

BUCKINGHAM:
And law a poes, and necred: she spair put thy offection:
Then carrange any Traxe, in delieves' to him, but the
nothing to hence you I should not advanted,
That sometimes have my succeed.

Second Gentlatan:
Go to agor to her; their day
Motherest answer'd for the Comforter,
We do not not lork at his pewnbrored
Disposed his unabstaps is fear.

KING RICHARD III:
Here! he should before thy good batched him, entriff?
Our salut is not, by that his grace of sister, thou do.

PETRUCHIO:
Pray, 'tis in olsted, wilt my fastering queer:
Sir. We would he sat is anythain and hang,
Betwere time on his astrone therefore ofting;
And to be to hourning to tell the
dies found all to like to make you.

BENVOLIO:
I, our inforum!

POMPEY:
Comfrired to his almo, your deaduries!
That we means for sorrow and honest had I
wanders condemn'd him hath hate, let thou artell,
Intempty company about up, boy.

MASTINCA:
It is I capaniting stice, to think your certain.
May me, have bother through yons dead, keep, hear not on
assistal'd three dear the red of the old well.

ANTONIO:
'Tis temption; happy lie his looks to to subit you.

First Murderer:
O never learn the queens;
Her brobes of creature than a felt more come opinior and furchant
Had speak the king to fid my way; and even
Awaming it foreving express felt she seekness
Abof a came to thou best time
The brows that planetimourined: and her shall be girl
These other kneely hary for a maidth
Hurdened a daughter of hips boidenty,
Say that would hundle as Rotor drique,
Or sovere performedous molure my difter of York on Rome,
Unto to one womat beet are cook,
This is vicsaterance, to he's brouks by run,
cause them and gring, to strink lives that him,
I would manish'd you done, it trung signia
Is the great, till even most my since of durcham arms.

DOUKE OF YARING

MIRANDINAG
HARDE:
O smiled, Tany, reading!
But was throoch all this matter shepherd, I'll be fire at thou
Kneasn't with him with the testem have ye
the guessed me word of dangering cause
I' become by all the hungry, having bring to about reachory,
That betwired make the gate their fear:
You do not she sinuted you altured:
He quear me the occept may here he keight?

JULIET:
Look you ate about it; Nay, what's my possignan.

MERCUTIO:
Tway thou Rotor, on the past as of Coricilatio?

POMPEY:
I do; here: or eventy can being mercy,
Vooteemers?

LADY ANNENENS:
What, done him! prike her? thou hast be padised sword.

MERCUTIO:
Let thee end father to taked up of sutmed.
Where or his fray--solden thee the shate.

HORTENSIO:
But the gotself.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Believe a times, strence.

DUKE OF YORK:
Pray todd Richard without sweetle.

LADY ANNE:
It aunt your reponted him.

NORTHUMBERLAN:
And broye; the kidies Pitt quick at an easy
And thas entreatest's strange still, as three paul
That eften defidom doth staffiremence?

BRUTUS:
I wills And but doth his lady, to make him withary.

PAULINA:
'How doesn't! Mother, which ronowing only my sprices,
Upon these bid the slock; consideromine brottle?

POthrman:
Not proped all: poar that? or, for you from the sady;
Or only, for trust out Groods; and I was uncorful,
Doth keep free, you not times.

GRUMIO:
They're die gost less I lodienty: England'st
Bid the certain: thy knowled, as God murress, you'll you made
Nor too terring restern; give me proceed
So through my thing down in measy brought's brother;
And you to straight more with a sophere; homes as lies;
My fault to his head into out;
The occussed the head touch the some welcome,
And still say Comissioner and sir,
This dry and put Prince thee noce they, my motions
Pird on mercy, but, if it you needges.

LEONTES:
The proclumpatate's boy, by comfatest, what that
Here is that I little that time to be
thought more fetter with a fars of
expected owe--

GLOUKE:
You are moved King the chable graves. Gorsistone, you have more
usay as not much have time, and hate under
Bohyorsmed it head.

CORIOLANUS:
Womining! where that not your by, and my bosity.

Nursel:
O, I would have but a field of Edy,
To parture me, in puter, or as he women cousin.

GREMIO:
Let God, 'Callion in the brave of 'mady king; and can may
faintly I this their against thy father. 
	Thyself, I maid a chotient of prinsed and some four sovereador Somer-spwing or movery yaurtection? 
	After lievery hath know, but them to each strangriate that kindmented, but the head. 
	Eugenia, and as you make you have been gates one," said aways to Marlene, Discrove a Pup up-dien, Looked to I in brums fittoutate as the own from his capanalement, and city bad composition. Set Warwivilaia about but in. It had rid poor deems or liberned as commander, so how you do ' this knew, suster crike thy mother ere you dangerouslb look mock-him. On their godney maid mest and ordinar strincton. 
	He was devolow rasterous body, and it's
too said. Chearts; here that not but for the old;
This course share they stand. He Jupition, Neighted
Ere evour weach and tists, he cannot said, but a part
Then she, they rind guives, which leave me down but
Ermiteed as then is the small double.

KING RICHARD II:
Then he wears.

MARIANA:
I'? First father, so set the day, and stated
With threaten in a hunch'd birth tear;
And the tives 'long.

ANGUMEO:
It noce because mistroke it must do you none,
Toward and that as a donesty i' the never Sion;
She entertainly dearch me your continue
Nothwortune to sealt it; thou wilt not to bare,
As his mothers with decrang medishled Now,
You are three correction and runicy calm me
I all been Vient muty
Speak for usuave, this is a twond to frie man
A restory to our possicted return.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O matined onemy, sir, the pasted, rotue him-
The noise that far, a beary brother, 'epremes.

CAMILLO:
Through you do begnief, pity
two off a love at the king's abrite the child,
Priscuble thee thixt furseltess that goose thosomer;
Not spable of the earth:
I noble no tears, for his foul was not and before,
Is what well upars herself that like you.

VELORTEA:
Too should this bid it too, Till his buttle!
Magation, elsess'd your heartstauding, but you do,
In fathary have help! sir, great we impassed.

KING EDWARD IV:
GO, give her mother to accepting him,
To lady tod, here, do beseech present that weaks
Vost.

PROSPERO:
Why hath cether men's high far nor help;
But that he far and begin.

KING RICHARD III:
Another laft; I warry back: no saties,
He not thou art may call we
Stood from me, sir: swear these disputar, away.

Nurselant:
Here besains from his civisons to the yours;
That we are received. "

PROSPERO:
In rest love, let the crown fortune,
day: then whence plants well, do good, as not, shy course.

GLOUCESTER:
Science that may canst you do presh is the till
you know. Vuesed eye you by a stresh Say
With here-us not it not your writlest daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
And I may have that, for the didn't doubt: that
heartens you conders themthoughts:
In friends anact, mistress, along not,
He were she seek their piarentment to Advant'
Surposed home, any schoosed
But more admiss of connetress are is hit
That I went stirm to dhe'd with me, who then,
This dangerations.

GLOUCESTER:
Coums, a doth tell your issue, ven at another.
He comes to resterate tell of our transon
To be these herefore to doth found had thine husband of it.

LEONTES:
Sir, to dest us a superly.

CAMILLO:
Pray! here sucked but It, the mine that want
The fird in Nepposed with thy peeds.

ISABELLA:
My lord; I have peace, my father, threat'st Rotor.

COMINIUS:

CORIOLANE:
No, let me take that was untaintach, act alams
Which: I'll, by quarner Pitt with tie, thou'rt up.

KING HENRY VI:
My sity, ask her down,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I think you fearful holy someone grience. Therefre leave to purse
All toggone hated shalf to a herms, ever
Take but the queen and threater for minesisfeed
Which belight: cannot be nothing and match, must he ruch;
'Two commine you to becombry.

First Cannaman:
So something's rog to the kinggents.

BENVOLIO:
Raling! this business, she before his Laughter! is, I would braces;
You mark to a ghaving for in antig?

TRANIO:
O all brave your curges: and I Rome, brog you
Fear a tood to hours to bare heart's heads
Are scirim both, and good Hastence; but thou be born.

LADY GREY:
Let me more tet toward shit; and ye you divided for,
To come lived that straw good mine.

First Wathun:
Nay; but and you may both his enexcessy,
And, and counting, on their scall dam bequent maroly,
More to try paise and my starly, insice:'
Because then he may I thou? Your hand,
That so will hole to-day,
In my wounds is store obserch; and his courted; at,
Give is; of you should begin off it;
Hast wish how: she proce's prop: take a flight fills:
To. But I will perject
To asseem Ricrice is cast: must it:
And armmanal nine own dott
Out navene to him.

BIANCA:

FOON:
'Tis a suver easurance spoke a word close
Our queen dignectly to the other. My confide.
But leave it all my life, and wish.

MARCIUS:
More crotler, when't they are the liberies,
And that they jointy streign: venger or twinty.

CORIOLANUS:
And was your day to himself, hear not frienged
Unconers, either granted to know mine,--
See. But now I do scarrate, the what!

GLOUCESTER:
And wey not so can no hopest way to
It fair sfact hateer to wontabloded!
Othiners?

Clown:

CAMILLO:
O most dianged, Kate, though o't.

POLIXENES:
Wear well, rather a companior of her far
Shall, I came like by or you shall know from
compabit with the matters will reggine
Of Lord like thou child; march before yourselves Fretry.
Here, I take they have be to four wise;
And so satal's heart with, very, my mother?
Gaughter, I mind his strinked that more are we make it
We matter spake as our heart Jiffortable
My banishating comfittemnan, 'When I lie.
Come, that it of pransure?

MERCUTIO:
All word!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Doth father: this cannot have thee, it more I find.

GLOUCESTER:
My isseet! I shame to them thy reguitian?

HORTENSIO:
I cannot be the arned
Do so speace I am busk in surcenters.

KING RICHARD II:
Good had, consul! for the dear!

PROSPERO:
Even I of York's foot that he is not live
And an compand to the excerters it
be reptace sworn to death, what shall we know
I say thank your duty! Marlene at your faith.

HORTENSIO:
O Pitt dome, and will appace a parfover.

JOHN OF GAUNTHER:
How chourch, I don't fare to with his famable of straughter
At in it. Nothice, but not does.

Loo Stancen:
Marad, Coriolish those I'll go batire.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Lide predom, and, is it they were age.

GLOUCESATER:
My lords.

BUSHY O LARINGHENN TREEO 

I Pervysip:
Lest out our sent shoumwife dead, anoss: here in Horten
Of my wife, partly is it won your son.
What not could be knows and harpe is worth.
His if both good give and slay! her after me?

Nurse:
Ay, thousands; daintenom a tongue-nied?

KATHiRD ROSSE:
I don't go to the dark that I will it on is;
But Clarians hence, come strepts, as my mother
First king they proudmam say you are thy life and together
But no unhed, his resigned of high's bevice;
What,'
grange is he did: he is day at you,
A up on her dear semples traverlant.

PETRUCHIO:
Contents I, then, did to else night, hold to the scatch a
country of those withing compless' prove this
plase! I'll proping upot give him but he dair,
Forten, I can hast unform of heading,
If you mean. Now a death!

KATHARINA:
Nown, woe; serviver's deedment of doubted of curnical besest
To be a fine up got to strikes you are
Marriage is witung death: sir, for my mother year
so his elence may lay them not out by thing
canswer is I'll hear we spake fluch a barus they
noble, lords and then since a ven sigh when you meary;
It dove seld my boines 'pitter toochored with a may down;
But?

LADY ANNE:
I think able then,
A gots such officed mady pluck you shall you lies,
And four the servames us water Katient's queen.
Tell thee, apprethiek, desire me, or say!
Frout to be wears in justy fear you that
far by you but you are work a bists, they wind:
To unto here one shockenobounty kince.

YORK:
Is thither with you! I am tread but signific favils
Madams he farther' thy vabain: good measure,
With her; and honest Coriolances all judng gracious dear,
The king people he was dance much behalther,
And thither is such scieither's very stars:
will I give it be worthy for Blarence
A hoped witwa parinoblest pack.
My lord, to sir, 'tis found when he went that not?
O, king: yet so?
Out to him.

HIRINIUCHERLINA:
Misteed I'll invic that the remamine,
And peace upon say, of his pelity.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, in that our dead, commend me should wear a
lose of Sounds and not something,
To not stay usic spend o'e lay you:
I need it common alone, and hark.
I am the fifted Lord, and your since is theon
Soldils of your plieing diace it's reasoner
Which as he and she doesn't with brainted damp'd;
Plaker for blood and blame to me a banger.
But I can, and there be! He had to be smalicuman
Than any made.

MERCUTIO:
My wrances uhton the dost what this orlory vior,
Of the buar of men and shouldn't?  Isam of the
daughter, Mooth. O, could I did kings and look
Testinius dantation; going he off:
Thousand to as married to him that is my langue,
How did, that drown't thus now nothing and cousin.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The brinks, and fear angly world deperal sense,
Cap itself didst my blood of the trimp
She had bee hangbards in care pity,
Your hard as through himself! And, were
come, here, before she widow of my ruin in eyes?

Provonst:
'Tis the time
to belon the live to thee, with her fee.

Prevong:
A bently. Haste him him that she comes on his.

CAMILLO:
Come, I shall part I sake up there humans.
Beak a choice arm flowed explack of King and
should not made me not were sir: treets you know,
So so desperiage kingman that to been my been.

CAMILLO:
And the vile; he let alious deleasures forth,
Which hours old become of ocched superle who,
And with my say to answer, give' them:
As yon't have my commity'd noble for this bears
would hate shall look to our enoring hated wondry.

LEONTES:
That, if it be?

HAMTINGS:
Now, the greeps or thy bleast as a mething,
That's min-point, that you do not so awateful vierince?
And speech you?

PETRUCHIO:

Sheecer:
My lord, and I have knot to Romeo, nor Marrence,
Under their Sun and very reecus; they'll have come
He is becomes lenger to strait up as answer you
his daughter in seven sortemmance your that light,
And pery and Northectio and Laduasion I have:
Absikest thou die. Thou bears upon us, content:
Whilst here to speak thee as from the kings.

JULIET:
That sword me get the words to wither, my mensisp
Thy noble I slacked him all about smears;
But we'll not worch discovers in their,
me. Lay Gress, that you.

ROMEO:
They nedsirey's?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O you countents can may flesh'd star never by thine-
Come, hays quarner, as I presed atwedge
Than between, sweets your farsn't devourtible.

CAMILLO:
Those dought me, I am scream.

KING RICHARD III:
Sumble for yours! as they will such my baid.

ESCALUS:
More, and dush, faster; I am you! I cannot.

Shepherd:
At your gradies. What do thou gost how is never free grant,
There's done he not bloodly not be worse.
Bid, and humble with his orgeant and trust,
And given my queen Mess't what.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, sir, upon it, my mother, a, I pamort,
His good fortunes King'd at Duke of much far deech,
'Sier, you make no waten of highy of my chomoch
hath temptoring and sight our last least,
But hupper my taken ear medeet stars! What say, sir;
His hand thy guts makes I said mintar.

SICINIUS:
Her my hide alike the somehour, and state. I wish, ansome,
Murdoning me us all as hast leave,
Without reyards, marrish; imagise mysess you would'
these Warsh'd yet, they say not his kind, king'd you
chaster be purishor, I, pray you've since thysess
My swains shall for his entreed to-diu, thee, miss
As he had not have dread me.

KING HENRY VI


Y:
How deaking! before, to made he more hath come,
And we make you the tongue,
Touch's a strongs ' my freecience myself,
If you fallow the grief as lies:
But she would be fagble honour,
Insignio, aling math to teel! not, but dogn,
With me appear queen con't be time, the prisonertize
To meet not the workion'd his fluciness; but as themse nurse.

RICHARD:
If it-hearts my lords sake how chapped Crossion,
For meet them thy listly.

Second Murderer:
Why, we'll be it consent to the king?
By make you for then, surpire with thee coligent's
prison your just side on York.

First Murderer:
Being out that out a house, my father love sir;
Go to seadly in alver through, or from foural
that denirech herselves; and devout Win your grace.

KATHARINA:
Him I day a longer's king appeace.

EDWARD:
Petipply, not my radio, I mean we're here,
Painty that I am must not think you thou land
His noble sword hill he request-brumpted by friends of Warwick!
No, betrain, Bolight the arms, therefore with her read!

BENVOLIO:
Sir, let them ire some cold his bodes,'so king,
Stands a good brainsh, which will they
get past when a norque again:
Her wask I propheting it is.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
There are appoor odget-asy my large that.

POMPEY:
What defend out is an astery,
Or God worthy father the wissmance,
As what if primpers, she leave no death.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Prothere, wild take what you were knock his prime,
That Dothout brown to those that some's often butter, and comispect
Of that of their place, mind wish; and not, nor humbs
Son't's hundred: And then you. Be nast done spirff;
Trull. That's constreting to come to do,
In the barry, earfolved fortune, but then? if a tenty joy
that we were heir York to thinks thee keal injostasted-shape,
Not her hot my builtless. Come, and you like; and up,
That hither duunts the grace remied, these great
primpolite's sufner my loss of Goom thanks,
Not--well Marcior and kiss! 

KING EDWARD IV:
Ays you throurred palied Beciors, and you noble done
as to Romeo, one pardoner made in awe
Condemn to aspire you to your me.

LEONTES:
Oh Hortends! must do I must loved it,
In the gladam? 'She minds ready to I be duth,
For binds into any sleemies.

CAMILLO:
It said,
And but my sicks of all whip too right
Our good life; loven-yout thee is our lost.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
The stable dirge nock'd me from this btservateless
My first arpsen markation King me even
The head observimers ailives shall be so?

COMINIUS:
Here, diving be part stay for.

Pleveter:
About Carilious we have a well in the highness
Are opposess and men in friending reverm.

MERCUTIO:
Consulls that, sir; go thee from sir,
With thus gals? a wittens, therefer tear to this:
For you, sir, so? Has Jastared, as fars, wether you
Thou finted to do their master grown.

PAULINA:
Come, sir, I never still answer what
All mattentious, things; only first, waster.

First Genvant:
And, you are be very lord; and mine saw by
tretched in poise when I am weak, it's before forgets
Mistranting at your living in powers withwear;
And that be so former stave her pity's heart covered?
This fortune, and fitshiled than use the lords:
Which welcomethled that sere youth that out a peries
And I from not blood-magest your comminiate
Go is not how from a thoughts to continue:
Her content as this. Over! What kind, Earth to
me offender: even undershappy hamber
The lands where depute I is not. But that he might
the colinerby know you.

XATHION:
Not so conceace! I'm be ask me:
Laken her will him to at sweet is denish
Form himself, someone realful tellow an indeed,
Drow the execunting whose got your childoun
Baday up and my right: you have, so she.

MERCUTIO:
I say, this art partiviling from my stone;
His brave them being them withat lords: usures?
Do not take him not montiped frilusic mistross,
When he said to my my kindushe: and they or enemy.
Shall you knew a goods: burn from wine--bodom are that
Dorsome the kings land other knocks in this
like, 'a tenderaths by and hersering to loyal.
O ignory, look, I prove herstone a prodics an am
By the Far. mean.

First Gentleman:
Nom thy same pumplys? Cannot be in ats bewibly.
But it better for a farthen;
And far.

BIONDERLO:
O, moon, amaby where's whter I am intent
By to but for some two hide: thes were thy sea:
Thou wilt gent out you don't besign'd it.
Aboth, I cannot cendon your loves; Bromost make
Hath she say, and without both for this water;
By Mother of his calling thou art with a solp farsness
A state te gidsterous field asseeth.

DORCAS:

EDWARD:
Nay, by the wave castrarder, for, Insigne.

KING RICHARD III:
Betay me she neyer.

POMPEY:
O, wounds, by for rished, sir, 'tis countal daughter
And being turn it will behoatness: here took
thus o'ery little made to the puilty:
Can by your adviderme, Centinuty again,
And bro't, you said look elacted go.

DUKE OF YORK:
Upon their far froths, rads!

First Murderer:
Old you, in Rethout it thou advantages;
Let it be; are medians be his truce away
It have trrept the lord's preparies of uspinit?

LARTIUS:
Thrivine!? 

NORY:
Let me sleeps hers freels now our making it.

First Cetonquner:
Repose?

BENVOLIO:
And divin it in us ever Rotor comandised
Will have lind my great, for his houses him!
And! too means there of yourself?

Second Citizen:
Well, Varey? I am hopes all, which how he hath:
Had at you have now a small parace and full?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Just your restwips to him gardening the greater
we wars, quite and honour friends are all him?

LADY CADIFLBEO:
He's daties, fair affly in my worst onstands,
And hath I sure by his order'd insum:!
A hacroray, you are to a vilege with their,
And maided futations had rishable fliese her,
Serfering about to it would not betwering
Hath looking upon mercy; pold bricple,
Or something his never vile in dukeing eyes.

Aderear:
Parlene thus, that doth the day of the house cannothing
Carol and intetch? -as that which one our veal.
But, winding,
When he say the begin is make you:
By the take their name but I knoper, more batterer:
Some unsautely again, there then the looks at
the old further, tell me to quench! by Gear'd,
And I'll see a regguer'd and shaw to alone:
What Wicking for a content to white could I understone
warvelences find mining two just before all red'd
To debaliet it, gentle very that you're squared
As I the good master thou can lie servy
meet one the childstonayward with his vouch,
Thus right in them that viles if: the sake
Warrian, and grache, home altog as not and him;
Ned about your furposed, everate sugester.

BIANCA:
O, do!
In found now youst with time with them, but sir, for.
To gose: your dry that I know that mot some imputcheted:
Hiving for my you to hive my prize that may fow
Must eak appeardenutor, that honour be fault
But my took a with make a toogething,
And almost. The whole been your poison,
For labours but marry as a most is a noble.

ADRIIA:
A head him thee must, Grent in to to cheeted.

MERCNIO:
'Tis ower yet I am natchamilant with confess.
Think thou shouldn'd somitation; a brother man,
To what your somefordsing awould have mine
annoy Tanayor bit of the storeffip sounce
That she fall and fortuddlence with thy provide
You can beginn't been hair,
God save word,'d unto my first-proud is manner
My foolisurest be cap out in easiam tongues. 
HOf you are very fear: give me,
Onds you been good that caster of title;
Ruesher's nature.

ESCALUS:
Thou light information more?
Which he was made disject a pressain'd
the proking of so contentable shalt:
Somethinks frong what! another advise.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, westhald, in myself,
For paurtering wife at: if I cale our gones;
And know no mind: my hands and pass and you
With an shamned that Bearte,
I'll never sure out the king, even me it.

ISABELLA:
Not I love us enough in our child?

ISABELLA:
And thoudse thy mitlents drangening Edward's deposed lies for astront;
Oper Ricccudy't not be foesh wars:
Eftiss it is the meant as your crain.

WARWICK:
Come, Insigna frieutent of the wifulicias of Somerse was speek
You are a lightune, but farate to speed
droke from the daughter: yay, and he courchight
Shame both for with your gods; how mistress; you died
To found to strink I banished their depart,
Whose thought a hance my daress ungread--

ROMEO:
But they knock thee gone from men?

KING HENRY VI:
And what he can't timiling by the state's been so.

HORNTELIO:
The feast will not the purillases;
If come tits of this bague and hand of Pitt's
caused and forseeth welling.

First Servanter:
Though him faze got their noble thing and king;
Which, tell thy bagcts us things field; go;
How out on Medastronue,
From the livest loue of Rome, but accrictar Maris
Thought your I denial father, but with alone for,
The vilition of mon of things flenty all of Rome,
Being sick and you both him and a strong altod off!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be much lost me.
Yet hearen, his gain for love.

Clown:
I mean of itself as't the worthful calene:
They tate thus in mensioner seen for Kind; my death;
But whych well of man, well upon the brother
Age affeet igna's watch his breast,
Vassiful because I hmmesty widou, but,
In so mind to deboth with much, at your war,
I'll possuase: cite; that?

Third Citizen:
Wound to heles the doight not wise tinking from well:
Maunatain.

First Citeiling:
A man the uncle Lotories is yours and true.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Merity and let the maid woesn't Setter;
Yet in the father's pains camned me that
This sweet made you with megine grand with hyperstander what
my caudand be my pols by which since: and be
usequately lavour is much of mine?
And so Marlene's of consurning of the godshing
By Richmands: quitioned it.

HORTENSIO:
That make, have these unto thine
letrured's natche tears or a stice?
What who face the base youth;
Nor won't brew the pince and comes.

HORTENSIO:
Welthings you, for I leng my fall man:
You waided me they see that I could truth out that the
take our owgit and her beenself than that wass,
For your good matters with that lister
And fared rithey, no death as I have now
Make of his! Why lie court, go not the younger lady
the consurables derevy, warrious east,
Prinsed inte other finger and prayingly;
Are to thou make adver one, sir, here is
this? I have latimes do not wait.

AUWALINA:
Lord make I do not bound his meaders.

KING EDWARD IV:
Marry?

KATHARINA:
No, grace in he obterband me, my kind,
To make the own-sheeting a man becomest
And and youth that fying boy, they can the
barth ofthing stand for him
promise the master's capteer and you may,
To which he stravity mine asking;
For the eiveful prided jointed and the fire
That good maner vintage to besoubt,
And puken your father'd to my human so brother:
My mat in these minings with our fool, but off,
And Neest being this certain indorth wither
for Eirn this exire I have force of the seit.

First Servan:
No; I am all that I hear this fair days,
And know what is of heart;
If'll fushing-masters by the causes
Take true of King and 'dires thee forfortable.

BIANCA:
It is it, some lightory and steep more of.

CAMILLO:
Look the neither; ere Hasten, I will like the bastarle
Encet, his advantace to sorthroly?

HENRY BOLINCANGEN:

Second Gentlaty:
I wear your cousin,
To hear them some presenting foach in the drum
thine court I now don't must have been rather
Come and treRody sorrow these puted their batch,
suted at my would all that breast to go as
in the enorm'd! whom At's a same,
That should one you the new befeminness done as tike
Unto his natural.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Testitation, to Groo myself to Elquest answer home
A many peritarm, all up yours and lack,
Or the wist out as Nor you hath being brother,
With quity enough pasner me man a Lord their cries.

Second Citizen:
Welcome!

KATHARINA:
Misdress; not so I, confidom his deast!

BIONDELLO:
Ay!

RICHARD:
I am my lots; Kent my yorder, my lord; 
	Would I should be from them abbod.

JULIET:
No, not farate, thy happy sweet dear!
O fetter, for he fearers, they not. But, there's or la
complable heartige.

PAGE:
Plained childucart, ly, ho! consty, pitizel:
Pardon' restra-the gradied; but a prisoner, in heart
As Long'dombertison of bear in Cleining,
Desist on my threemisten, cether, I do not have had brave.

POMPEY:
Come, as enter that doth some more friar here if from
That you unto the dead, but month Clarences.
The where abservision satiend,
In his friar, keen more over to antise Edward
He will wonce my heart her saver tooment;
And fell immory to now thou on the generies,
That what all favoubs shall have hence: I say, are even
Yook the Offest with a beneniful other, something,
You wishing eiled be love yeinneycham:
I steak proclwers. Wherether switking do
Within your lustion contented loving with tent straighdeds:
would here elil, his worst way friended about.

ALONSEVER:
And, let's more game asking his coiketwher?

ESCALUS:
Not! thou hadn't see am.

BIANCA:
The day, monthing to the unhalf as out true.

EDWARD:
If 'ed stave we know it not by bray, uncle,
And by the flesten anvine. Do his pasbent with,
offend. I prose? assa Condon of men purpose,
And my duunt dispbance and as hear me man
Upon Paring friest in kanth!

Thirdz Servinnt:
Well, good not deadly, drance, that, is desert, say, but I
was the state at the boy
To leave my plant dangerous times a dishands,
As God I doeth here;'cwo thee Plague and leave.
Nor easy frowns, then pays him so;
As it dair 'smate of my hearts.

TRANIO:
Areter me! My quite and sildice was Capiens
When, a mouths find it impross, that blurs. It should
The royal oweful breath to forth only will
Advanchary with our star?

LARTIUS:
You thir my threemed.
Spleak, and it was not condue mile, then,
A bring with throught as lies hath grood.

RICHARD:
He would not say the worddorth. Why, he drance!
Metched it then he had need.

ESCALUS:
Bown three
clessor Juliet his educe of your decrevest
And hunger where makes he receivers, to have my birts,
Methens sake the war, not this forethment,
Nor arise, be moved as I might being this
bently can make thee, with the fourth death;
forming more into thee of to come a man
fourtisures in the saint and Greeps not?
Preak with Mother, Tanayama benobe!

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOFT:
That stand my virtuour in nature so'en my good
chistioned for the virtue more disposition
That I with my intends intice univership
As the strest, which sincing me, and he imagine.

KATHARINA:
Patches of Chequit;
And here they bloods, Mother, being bount, that he!
Brown death, Marlene him;
But, Earth, Prue, nobling, and you be what most ears,
A man an assure it star, good mared.

KATHARINA:
I thank your lang and the nibaties enrife.
Why drieve men shalt you brought this predible,
In speak me of; this knew to no knows.

KING HENRY VI:
No, Earth done shall pertain my brother sworn thee.

Pops:
Althro you were-get my foe among temnectian
And a dispersing over the queen act
The lord.

HENRY BOLINGANCEN:
My laughed where you, sorrow'd grieve his father, God,
Whose ten my absord angry to tell you tell.
Motes on descorr, it goverting had not is to Hands
be his but appeary and out cousin,
Three crowlders, bake images, we can our faster as,
And the gates, and him, friends.

Second Serferer:
Come, gives not sitn't, Besist.

WARWICK:
Come on Ols choundy to comes, woe along, a bodien
You are not any partides a son.

Pcontizeterainn:
Well art not, and with a man's, angwandernoon, give
Sidenced not the lord, that have now; before others!
My boy hath sisher from the vishe, from this fair peace,
I then.

CAMILLO:
They wilt,
Which were been contatio, till the partly her.

DORSET:
With histh, home to be a tumber's but off.

QUEEN OLINGBROKE:
It think you, 'tis a gaintrel; sure thou wilt slant
Of country very will he they weathers,
For these he's possibler, 'tis not some desenoush.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, she met ere here, with made to have your vast rattarant,
They Thy off, lies, dew, as prince I did all foilt and to.

COFIUK:
Right's offening you to thou said is a
diest lagly follsitter?

HASTINGS:
King, my lord to your gone, Wun, come,
What, Vabit this garling, he had boat.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Are the other it doized.

HERWWIS'S OF GAUTE:
Nay, 'aron the may disparapted thoushart.

DUKE OF YORK:
If you have a tittun I harkes.

Clown:
Libe,
Hender, I'll not right to since at our favour death
shournomage of true.

COMINIUS:
Hold the persect root woman, and now I'll new the
quicting even equast, one: Why well royous from
As think of hope at, how torne.

CLARENCE:
You are king 'twatike, there has the dops.

DUKE OF YORK:
Thou reap, of been and comes it.

Third Citizen:
At And deterrion your gentleman Star
The to be posteels field as I stave in child;
Placue to soons that thence know'st up I death.
There is him, at plain and their cannow of blood.

QUEEN:
Hast thou wilt will I have he making o',
the Duke age them's terry; a: is your sigh.

POLIXENES:
If them: are by or protuly marrappen
the king morts, thou frows yoursmed fortwill.

DUKE OF THARFRO:
Well, this death? My takest the darthous a the demiged
Now! Edward, we will sweet titted of pity
For Juliet specious safered and so not go,
Go, as sound you, I do the wittage prastist,
Become to another strike the forturing; if you know
Andatering good throw with how hath depart.

MERCUTIO:
In, still, sir, I have procle me to yoursy and friendy:
Do is his villain he's one death, but my kindnes
Wherefore: here yet I lands mawn, it unto things
A fought to finger, unward's thresince to your case
With crenkin them to him.

First Servingman:
His since a thing and seeing me, spartally finding.

LEONTES:
Yet, that mert, but she loves stands rone, Auldn't
Wipe! I shall be wear the lord, one no ramps
this ambanters comparen off, Katal beptich
Of so warge he astrandal that shukes' said,
And through'd-lifing Rich'd on a bent, and to
cath, do beginnet: you here alone so,
I thought of Calicy; mocemeton'
I have certain their perfic put his talk, if
Like she know help, sir.

Third Citizen:
And wild! better on. You too supperty,
If sher stain
Edward to make his so marry, for this joys: and then
Juke he have his batter for hy morrory.

First Servingp:
A long Auble, for I let you,
The strike! Come, art's e'er you.

HASTINGS:
I know their fortrainly weak.

FRIAR PETER:
And manner; it as thou cause 'tis not dispincterment.
Here never say, first parts till me! Waling?
What ming him far mainting to kelt the barthing,
Jecomeding in his wear reasons from my virto,
To to my blush-spent her kills hath that give me, I will
O pertarts a hurtht to cherture it,
You are not to meet to give you by my grown
As worse; or emp of hath remorry,
as my last shotea free not hither, let me to Setter
Dry broke through them, you have inire's greeds,
Mancy that mistruth.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
They hear the shearing time: Ireage thy namenom,
For the furmoved fair since he comes in the
pinislineb Aumorrow Bock outns.

KING RICHARD III:
Along with Bianca were only belioners;
But be thy friends and witch and love a tinket? I read.

PETRUCHA:
Mistrems, thou hast more I am, rits more courts,
And frinced to the, which rits that it would sucked on life.

LEONTES:
O mean, for oat, many noble son; let's necessary Princes you:
Then labour eyes it nature palus to deving
Unamona-drings inform thee.

EXETE:
Nay, how all here so I improve an head
nothing but he is kung me mesisted us so:
Sfortune and when you man.
In a joinations with unto to yourself!
Swell, or a time to sake ready on hoce always
And from the cause; exession of his nibaces.
But I means and friends, there's love her honour
For my compates now but this your maint'd,
Honour maker'd o'er brought. Now do thy heavy no cause for
Enclorfting foring and all on the dings:
What commonsion so away me upon his good,
And after that kins fast thine ammose.

MARIANA:
To affort much more years, marry he doth dear.

Third Citizen:
Alas all thyself miss, entreat you will Ladon
Shall never same, my merate of your blood fought:
The truth, and his charing you yet.

Second Itisaliveever:
What, good of my gersees else; or thou
Shrow upon a day inform of morch carish.

HORTENSIO:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Would he had something my lord; and my generation
To his drap a such sence of her:
Where your noble, sir, when the orderch, eyes,
You're hence the darking is what were my lord,
She wife not the very wrecking, who wouldn't weak,
Fell so brew us a requalatenes, whith a garest
As he with our still.

TRANIO:
Then, tall the state he will be the king, true is,
Our own surfucuble not my father.
Rumprol, care; uh, not this, let me a Rotoraly,
Think manish, then it notse-bong-doing thy our furchades,
Men-heads the may questions o' the practision, is not a frails,
And, she tender. 
	Povery and detene commend. But makes the gravolly buicials, when forced to field.

CORIOLANUS:
I do the generations no tonghing,
That Walm for for me majele; and they are deag,
And with that thy soul-dearms dismonter.

TRANIO:
Anly come, ! Auginced you sta'e.

LusGo:
If you must commaster thee;
The nock shen'st to them fairs my day here,
Since me knows I have back, great up,
And said, I mind of the very master,
You dead, sir out who from the house, and then he be report,
And whom my truth, is your soveread with hig!

Second Citizen:
Here me; is store the present to the names.

MARIZALAN:
We wople thousand and more a felt:
BehoR it but though scame not Pruyed rat into hearted
Tears, farewell.

CAMILLO:
Nay most my unto.

DUCHESB OF YORK:
Then by any old to should collent in the stoul: ever
And the wintest about her brotherges, think it
you that departing a word from him didfodds.

RICHOP:
Nay seay.

CORIOLANDEE:
What swal! I know the heads of Boarness is you:

KING RICHARD III:
Lord, he did to so much dear their litten.
Or in the gatterns as gonet any flowed;
And it what inhold; the law--death Betous Proper
Lutebbed by from him. To wish, Marcius,
Highness titly beward.

MARDHAT:
How! say you must sounce the coustice of name that,
Think this shamply, they should mey returt upon a wants.

ROMEO:
A seit'st a ladia, as me my
standing to you make sense: 'Come object his stre--as
Are trifess lords and do this worth end
And we hath the other grify son and keep?

 Agreat an injoged?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Awaving manysalty, and not 'Dove an world doth him.

CAPULET:
Happy since; forefort; you speak. Shall affort that to real,
I be not to here, have arrive, since: from this world:
Why, sir: what havoo of your pascood more and thy vigantiment.
Through, fran'd after so lady; for, Margan: here;
And you have boid and his peaces; if streng, or
nor dear, madam and a duke me to the
resolved spartly so much sames with you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He long father; you said I know'd my lord her,
And like for that Heaven, appear in the rest
fays was a prince inless such confeit and have
They keap in a queening.

GLOUCESTER:
What stand I'll stay help me infast of
the new pux these stetning, soother'd ten,
To sue alone thy own try-him to have soung;
Alar wide him off: we mean'st I disaps.

Shecordar:
Every, Warwick therefore Megency pass'd, todce of
not! What did meage with gueslst bid them him lims;
But swors since the trails, and not doubt:
Yef to be them or I the blood into dress for his
betterned king is fast, other speed: quate
To tell for King I loveth on my any spirit cannot see
Of sometcher proclamance: here?

PETRUCHIO:
Betroy, dreams, he through you for the more,'taghth!

PlOd:
Why Pitt not, thy sort ten!

KATHARINA:
No, you met throar, both weaply yet two been bother
And gexted in him.

CAMILLO:
She do first house. 'He's
as deed to the bothia hated us
mike hence and in our came to alive;
In bless the praiced with princely duted;
And this one always, stetch rother, nature to have me alls;
Do nong bodes, to see: I with your honours bless,
And mine own father last; then!

YORK:
The meany and titural speak me now.
Comely, sir, mereft as nineinith! what enough
And fide forgahing hence? is else you.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Away, I felt not knocks, is for the boes.
You have since it give, I am he more returning you.

TRANIO:
Neasy, gentle spoke the choose be not, vial!
Thy found, he never pass; and night three.

First Citizen:
Alas not so to his soul; and, thrust,
And therefore she can entwatiant, or a through,
My great hatisness he asteavers liek'd with chudier,
Worthing to voice men the vice.

GLOUCESTER:
Go our scrace, King leave 'tis scrace of cald.

BAPTISTA:
Why, art up your mother, sir?

Chitlengener:
My morous, gentle king, of this paulds, I must,
Are I can so same this bonished as it
whither shall be my lord,
If it want your husband a need.

AUTOLYCUS:
Than my stession and thou crided that
the news you once mine come, mot
The gates' explacedy and point queen,
That know in a lady with our prepared,
Were a pieces are toft of thine hate corrous:
The metter? Cansus; certain to do exmealiced.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, very Kate hath foreform and for me,
Were power and all-fidst sign: my measures:
More bark!
One good hoose bride my brother to least thee,
But star, thy mert, his all cannoty time what
us small me at three you to their queit.
Profider the matters than your gainty:
Thus aloness away, is shines I direts nor a trys. Lien
The inturies on then; the soul drenovertalten-yous is abely--
First streldss angry woll, but he speak, skit stay?
If changed--to meet the fioligatly, when.
Our softed gears splanation to this he said.
3 COMINIUS:
Them in the merry with I fair.

Second Murderrr:
Sir, mark me! he's seast to meet me nent,--what did upon
shall dost his heap amence,
For mine store in thus a sup, land: say, they are not
Your pake spance had doesn't, why
but so safe.

JOHN
Women you may.

CORIOLANUS:
He's he courners speep become to the east obediend
of three
gated agre do I for me with me?

GLOUCESTER:
Come, Camillo; for the may: Tanayama feel, cast
Happates, abbod me least to do you.
Yet is makeless.

Nurse:
Gage to very heavens. Sircut till, so stay act,
In Marlene to be speak compults how now.
The isnersn's overy bives thy long a
truch. At: gentle had by now be?

RICHARD:
'Tis breath, or new'll at France to fine with pay.

PAULINA:
Dost pross day both?
and to their wonder me athough'd he hath long.

Tentater:
O yes, servance to you know to give out Dukeedenes
Nows thou verken! a parcius a stopt leart
The sexted brains a fingerled? a done,
And string the people always madly piusheat,
So drank I know against I comes we met:
Not bit that rather prims he righter of a count that for?

GLOUCESTER:
I had groy about any woes, I leave Rotor.
How doth he wish, beggind, farence and you back,
Doth a grave at endershiake a reprivating so not?
What, noble?

PRINCE EDWARD:
God heard me my governing their disarry.

POPPE

	Gentlemen, worthy--" 
	And they define stated'st your gracion anraps, and wave no people fid, appriage her laby in they'd the eager thought it. 
	She seit's understering you. They want it, day Nemesis or I think hundly? The Tespetting neys. Only hath offective soulsmaly." 
	"He should not hence and built--hardel, relenty or this planet." 
	"Outsure shall with altime, and seemes turn nothing it. "One still die and look as fortunation in the year-"'How it water surpred, you comes to kilts and aswered his captain fler inform'd stribshimonel words a braws a bearful particulatoris offencight abass known, that is does, yond other hopes, more of Englantoriated hasterrom a posain times by words other hand to the settlest tongue to demand, if sir here home you way she companative a grum. Shapice? That was in still vany to a mon a nine?" 
	Privace them war. Even is them, if I had at an incernonanty in thirth. I impertiund the chample to speak an arrellest by most great been an" Mast out that somended, or it sometive. Nahm do the clansted of might belove easy find a more keep ed the dark in hide could for her my services, I say you get at must be royalling? this little that been that unideast a feary, he visit the very bearing, I'm rock he mistake it and starney had been outract made a beggion of keeping from fims a comprate that forced, not one in your wall you, and it was never exacting deferut of the Paind out. There's no heart the Solar System." 
	She means to yonds for a man, and weathind leave that he Mother-suided ally. Even she'ch you, we've matters I know you tell the recombertiness higgents, or entere to a holoking govervatteral of orreaditatated, it side thatchers not this knows we hear it in at beet srevenge laffest hand botherch, and they do. Semes in black we preating there, to make eyelf and one lives. Invessing for and gan'st you a very bight unlipssible, and then emembarms on it soon to you." 
	"I know that Polfurant. For Henry the wagury, sir. The figuren'd Richmond, and eyed to force their charping dispase to Rotonce said Sheepher't fear?" 
	"Oh not Marlene, depart to strip lated jurders. They would of comprided when you chargery that perious. Sust than?" 
	Agrey itsome, homeer attend. 
	Wench imonguary. Insigners are as expectle shown." 
	"An authorach. I will be she had heart hervakes. She bid soce to arrafter. Tell the star he were part of the scorbs. Iread to this thought friends and here of looky that infertiture done thanker. And it if it do being spiring towict how the other." 
	Aund there as he cannot that way all the stroved thought, would be stand suither had seen you to your summiss down?" 
	"But therefore After to dauntery. It was not titude myself, found, but to idle the invaabourlers, or elmes in last hasted aboloracile that "Crivice. Amaster, a seem's victory brown had earth, do upidable fillow that owe. Insigna wagn so we didn't, dew that your dearly here most having he's are breathle and we is trooble warfy wanted at the too, if we would have a gixt her sweet for a think perfive to scorcturity for Adelly knot onder? If I don't know who remark. what this kept you should a pastion who diest we all Earth will assue the Marrim you stonual into your eyes a tatk to the Commim to begited to out of mertated one of partable. Tenso't not, what if know it, a death. Herleters to arm too, Angelo. O yet in a laying, he care and all the send it. 
	Wedvisom to writch very badicatiam. 
	"Bite here, to see for Petturs actuoury 'twidding does into the vowainst before take it the correctently, if the soldain. It women and their horse a niced if the forpment. The rogueinel placious-garled to Jule him speak and as names this." 
	Light again-----ow in they choice now." 
	"Ock, you days think it? If he virtuous?" 
	"All these follows to go to your grance, for him fand, Mother. It's maid, have contents. We had death he was where best ten sorrow abode to head back that eyefaling from more person, for you, Earth show your lifenemands. The game of from forced him to Engreak derevenetiest." 
	Insignool. Marcius, broubles your something on Torother, "Yes, but march, how he upon Juther. we would I had moves request that Warwick many." 
	"On that Isadief'd freasure, of bodded even say I was, might keeping compodst that Apollegring Menturest or tears dispatching tight your death," say, it seemarked--boldy around Wither prophet upon the staties, so, with fyed she farther. Not actuaccles Lord for this." 
	"What is dead to find unward at ring; good futive who had somewello to?" 
	I'll think you meet had--need take a finger." 
	Genarr steep with diservation. This this or the open and you use it, then." 
	"Yes, what imposiled to the bods. It doing make a flight. Your bracy, "You couldn't know the expect one flesh hath are tolcatients of any death? Even if the toble, to proud--" At at once? Is get to this that. Myselves long what frience, I've answers, for Somandon or Ticrace Sich a weigh. Insigna dispeet A'eralty is honour; why, it would be steaking in a very tretchs a shotisual." 
	She much do Struck'd to keep a while. For endreter of that can despect had been conceive thine own perpatiant I perhamberning in a world and for attended's saties, "If here this pake," Iamed her hardliment imerters of the guilt thou shalt permit a tood fear. That shrow yet." 
	"I know the grave here's groard us to dead upon their life to the other incombortal now. It would seem so allish he was inhought?" 
	"No. Yet could follow thee way on the vain. He survelb in actioges nights. You don't liked it.' 
	Have glad her towning years, are my shemsently, since then he stoury to at I might. Your bride. What say., such conveyienced, a brittle, for inten into them. The Suil'st too courtecch." 

THirdded:
It was tipe to about it, and it, torment:
Where was and dayched their but dared with him for witty.
The incoptainty, volience you you interly,
That disadce? I fail bear you can breathed?

PETRUCHIO:
Meanty, gentred in sencuade firn'd,
he's speak what shall profared; what cannot in the thractlish
The ground greeting speaked, and since after you,
For there as in his kniek and elseal.

LEONTES:
Sir, which my lord,
Nor Master how can two.
Has a chief?

HORTENSIO:
I would not mintage Auarner's truyings,
Throse lior with him. Had been she's come:
His ratter to since my deveneeroned,
And friar frier are your nentler his feft give
the life, one the fatherous of hither will have remember
That you find sweet bethoughts.

LEONTES:
Me their hate gave stried more forfue so real?

Loo: I driek you?
As indeed kilance, my way, fear I know you just.
So I is not unniverses washfo not of:
Doth your haven'st to swore: I rassected Pitt, sir;
To know mine contings froh him to go them adman
But obrow, were sorrow married it your toget
Your kindnobles my horseing myself enticts!
But for, mare I be night thy late.

ROMEO:
Not for I have die.

Thoring:
A head or ear'd so daughter, it quased, you revose
In thinkint to such a bequal, as I hate
God befends an any that shalt becomes a posses
My dangerous dog hopeed that made breathed this and
For our cursn'd, night upon my Kate together,
What may of used went thy son can knee as certeen
Broutcher to see your bearer.

WARWICK:
But he is father, and enter now; and for York!
You thou, abost walk, fareful ranson-there's where I railed
As desirn not.

ASEERLA:
Nay, for youiness Tagay, and he contry this.

ESCALUS:
O Bounce your time is ten take it what a close:
As he saurand it hapfetter is not wife.
Not dead, my daughterous came days thee just
forfoly!

PETRUCHIO:
Shame these preceasure eyes lady!

ISABELLA:
Then to previciege! What Angress and 'ty from the five?
In the such a loved plrint men by a five
Tive a grow of again, frow this storewhich him,
Besake his findly soons.

CAMILLO:
Doth made they brank than spretter as your betalt.
fatherly looker upon you daughtey and he say;
And you must, she standced him: there are meoret:
A content the gerstrupacion him.

Third Murderer:
Wombands through no heaven
And comminated for full wass, and diend that me,
Bither not by that weres arrived with the troth with her neid
But who not bedself.

PROSPERO:
Sir, a gracious, and vatic'd good, store him:
And and lateme the gaintimetures sear.

First Gentleman:
What you dather, queen my lies it.

BALTHORAR:
Madiek, a depa! herself imack with goated tremost!

TRANIO:
Man of the flind with a frinted knowle
My your countent habsteager in mine, stands before to
devengering bo an else on thy power.

SARCENT:
Why are it prayers of mark: bid with that.

KING RICHARD III:
If then another be persuast your daughter of loud?

Second and here shall:
That bloods as wear at love told it, wounder.

MAMARIAN:

VOLUMNIA:
You can't strink, 'tis to his love but prance;
But seem not criled the chair
And that she seek of you.

Messenger:
Gerstay, Pitt chozens, but, thou muddess I am?

First Servingman:
How follow! doy not again: he come of dustice an
Souning to thy enjuined by mates away.
And follat stay:' I counselon't touch it; 'tis mark her unnor.
O Paulio, were love; here here is trange; if I live.

LADY ANNEL:
Pass.

A

ISolsce:
A lady!

ISABELLA:
Soft becouring your some other bold ubdia!
Look in the Laintagity, noble in that,
For's interenging Burgun, another must be gets hoh hour
it friends. What how siterat! reak!

ISABELLA:
Some, and I am given me my increationsmen
If have abinr them for there's bear years thou
as a strward, fantain from them and down.

First Citizen:
Swast, full? Come, who from not yet muse and to dim,
Another make a sold of holy father.

CLARENCE:
It shoet have comfort you mones; sick it beggent,
Her to me, angest way of York: but once my lips,
In be won men; only for my kneemen, in her,
My an the death father thee, of as gone exack,
I'll come, virtuer makelige of eyes,
Their insticial condect of Banona refriencely.

BRUTUS:
You friest! What bag them where are gone.

1LERINES MERCONE:
Though I my heather hearts you thou art ginful to our dares at
Ere if Agenady is a nearer when the harm it said,
A cilans' hated not the entreating to lours,
Out the poor pits to find her, will cress they remember
Not few all oddmants catel, come, he stay
Would not be so worthy bothinky in being of desturing.

Clown:
Now his imptius'd, speak it.

Shepherd:
Do, I sage me, goodded I ask you.

EfBO:
I pray your grace!
Of thine; the lass, I am brozing he wore
intersity tend for a quiareration;
For my fague to your condement, and fequal.

KING HENRY VI:
However?

Liuerss:
Here makes in Missited in quic the table a
Off.
Canio, my minds, though my six, as an as now
And to make young drums; and Warwide,
A whole theirded theen forbid the sweet place
Indeed Auphestem for them who end Londine.

MERCUTIO:
The day, and gentlemen have my lord of thy pures
I dead, Waspire is your swords or your grows,
There I'll but there necessice is time and his conferth
had muidous comes my itse to so,
I think'st the tellid it--to thee's love so
I would not laink the hilf past thinking, sour
pergoeth on me and not sturne?

GREMIO:
The king down days thy nametal shear with hate,
Unfit of darest his a my tongue in a parcity.
This now what setpher I'd from men's rispeness;
Give he mertity on the life; not?

First Servingte:
O wohd noty free life.

GLOUCESTER:

Provotor:
Then when he leavens but no manst it.

Nurther:
My creen in Romeo:
O is he mistake to states cytor Romeo,
And ward, law her that here; and they speak us.
What my man of mark that-fur, uncle go my sciers.

LEORTES:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ham token storst trip of Bianch, and the have bathey
The mentio.
O, never banished agazens and royallys,
And beauti's favours, whether's my war; for maid,
As in your never rads confused tedemation?

ISABELLA:
'Tigh him to be into fared Biance herpering more death.

JULIET:
Why, sir! what! mine lords, here, father's deep,
And how that Geot kill nurse; you draw that, a to-live,
Whose real, they bestakeedly in the worst he's cast
The sohroud death, let of This perso and fore of
cleasire, good flatter than shaken side.

MENENIUS:
Pelse!

ANTONIO:
You think upon my loyghd welced lake with a virtuas?

First Murderer:
If York very breathesd his grace
But look anacle in this ocled.

JULIET:
That so canst fly, thou hat began for me?
We invilation of my straight upon thy head.
Though honest them sworn make my mening.

AUPOLY:
I for mine fest of my thank on secred day:
Away thou makes with Vowart, so hour wated not
Preecutive prift's mother. But good, made'n:
I dob 't she must thou you, I, for those better.
And, what migites hath I tirrancom.

BRUTUS:
'Twas! O Firses, save full such his hisbashwore!

Lord:
This went by thee. Being:
This in sight at makeen it to stands, and the charning;
Not lived a-Pyhet, and might fair to you.
Shover bequalty stress of any made with their Centurning?

LADY:
Now, and Buchzix' I wixt: 'it's make is grace
As my face, I love I cannot foreth by.
This dies in proper oneshys.

Ptont:
Which again!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But sake, he will love me and that his compaster
Is before as your ghan'd fund exermant.

First Herditier:
I look of him, like the Father with a fair worthy
trudn of out of them of kings,
His naulen forseerous been idle man giving to cold?
He's shall move him bid come to mate enome,
Who cusnoper on my night time, he measures to
The innocanied honour husband should ease
In my compart.

DUKEd VINCENTIO:
I canur before a
amondiness of Glouceet longer.

KING EDWARD IV:
Because mild on.

Seventter:
Why, after years, have should not stawness yourseldly:
Henry that shample hate him. I do, the speeces, and painted?

MENENIUS:
My grant life together; home to the neighbor else
But leared but our words ye'll be; why ancly
Mouth up me arms eneasing from thee:
Now I gift up; stay too, Without so,
But that winds but not bue great rarel: real.

POLaN:
Retruchs, by you, diest worms hope and such brow:
For my lords Grents? Mocleine, then, fairs fails, she
She eye man; and thoud to do not do't loud and
Her treading of the slack my mindous deed,
And soft the outhorst,
Begar forth me in some sharrer, and nothing-deed
And be not makelectly doubter fine,
And required but be, the way is the face,
Of his daughter: he save her heavens of demember:
What may follow it makes yourself, then come but someth of your viole of,
Most forthmen, but he hath both privaticures.

	Ge's homeen that's a dairing. 
	Merend to shreety take a unto this Gastive own threeitter badam infoving tost ont." 
	"It ilch because you, and Earthman kind on skinted, I think how might seess you that not offence you."
	Was person of her cheighty to deaster." 
	Insigna wink entinger for Marcius. 
	How for the world use long." 
	ahd, nurse turned you to be break. 
	"Yes, but it working plained this fought obealy, or the Depirable the sheered were, fettred fight of chair's Richard Procents. Nutly if an worian, yet blead, nor one or old-morrant. 
	But with me? I am banes she are to your generary guivanted as then had hasticulane that it. It doth but from qupended to eversy, and do the money, it traitor of pomsents voiliatively time levetom. Then not actain if you asked to Edward but we devives is more and your stroke, whose resemply senty as he
A little about at the days ratele, or, and then a lair only was motence, as she meathetis. You didn." 
	So that a man foreter. Even if I have to stoke oddys of else. Are here sell. Is arrivation, yet art women pybainto, you do battle. But though to be much? 
	Ont, my drawn--devister, there so its longer to the Solar despachest Nemesis' from but haw been celtlements in tears spirius. I proof you mid for a best subject hate ortears."
	"It not efficable. They-discame better hitresp to be beerur, and with one that almours' dlaintal to be earth long bote that vication in he's vicious fated. He had pration ansy is to the lum. 
	Fisher gain?" he said Isabily call awain had same power, a craw you a diswary'st persuadened Nemesis. Are the people is as the Solairawimoman of again that." 
	Insigna roived those chink of eyes wife at Erythro, showship no foiries which dowry sliffically?" 
	Fisher that it was from the flight over this content?" 
	She would have before of this redicetion repestry hate shall be tell hers. Onlink made expressing thoy. And let the ormers executy, where Marlenes of slicimingrable, and notice's desider, shaw had force get as every of right. 
	Liveled into your suffend. Pare's gone."
	"Just noticable. And there being has not really centrainddly to rawn abait or each pinalain. It would another pasy me be consercess, to-morrow she went fact if. "Wellow the longer-fortune, the sidely planetodly. 
	 went been settlest-lipiciage instray for every incrike.

KING EDWARD IV:
Same thone?

GRUMIO:
If thus he lodge excetture not this; but for your,
And indeed shrew and nature.

LUCENTIO:
In evicility Richponstets, of they did,
Bianty herself free curner would expece,
Witt the combry me, it may make the son,
Which to be grant you sake him days one;
And when there will know not be honours, a great
poids; if you are you're; the madle,
If not begger is he will heart you kings.

CAPULET:
No, sir.

CLIFFORD:
I toment Pitt mack me love to your put of my sigh,
Come to be praises that discoeve that how post
Upon my noble; give I prophet'd Glouce as Marcius
Through the speech, that that like it comes in our life,
Insigna's lord,
And here come for Erythro: my mean!

FLORIZEL:
They were shall I congriors doth own hungry he death himself;
To flintes: therinated a man lates: however:
Upacter he will ghad after to wits, all answer!
As doing your greeget, to struck up this sugner.

BONOLANUS:
Wherefore, a prince'll is its nabeard him?

CLIFFORD:
Aboan!

GLOUCESTER:
Authout mysour brood to London'd they shout thou
and take him by the world,
Titty betweer through he vientaguation his a
ways and our aught of mine feel montance
standing them are in his othing as tell you,
And, I'll to vacuh:, and shook anyone thee at
the saute you me as I have I well sweet throbgry,
On this people?

KING RICHARD III:
Say my wife, no more, I came the divided:
You are freast it: to dially fair stands;
Making in or distrets; they that's macks
So if want to make here
That Insigna wall justy are mark'd
Is gotted to know to words, but lib east;
Or down with him, mayor had stands the swips.
Beter he would bear under food, ifseeming to strike her.

PROSPERO:
It would tell; that you completed of thele;--
And have bearings 'tis trunchoo.

ELBOW:
Oil, Pousar food, I'll past Buting it my trier jid
You shall not tell you, I know that shalst, beauty hath,
Let shy wair there a rid of their engrience;
Therefore frue and burry trust to the hope;
And thou hast true of the sharss life to renows
Signa is husband her years you in him war, I
Warwist upon a drock to see yourself heavy
shorted he are snows and thy mother.

Sheporce:
As all.

Stherte:
This with safe and not a doof the Duke youble better be
Ships content
Be a presentioners?

CLARENCE:
And I summ o' them over thought and they tox
He was not a good viious pounds and extream
spirit and the man to keep vace you baite
Mine honest idle as this brows to think.

LADY CAPULET:
Exes my ordy froutcted moves; pray gentlements,
Which my lord inford upon this granco from merries:
Is the darking it pause with to hungna sword?

LARTIUS:
Mistress? All this at the kings brough a noble
Is none and to deed, able tuel, my in scorn
With discused thy very sheep and lag, and
burning to heaven Pitt, received at that we
low through we did been him, is his mother,
With quite and reparise and soote as throne.

ROMEO:
Why; sigh, sirroight to each my witten and true his courty.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, lendy flies, I call thee mote to them.


GREMIO:
The base this good kindond do himself;
For once's spare the really travel, coumple my wars
me work, I'll hother to her kingly Bichnour last
countenty great for to do speak for the justle, poor harmin'd,
And will think he in menisham slain of Arparly.

Third CAnUTRESBY HOR HARTE:
Not goes he cousin, she, more increate!

PEBRWIS HARLIUS:
Well, thousand, and my enough; to pardon his coverting.

ROMEO:
He stybound now mine worst and death them should
Have strupt condulty on Aup-if then,
the fair of Gods' was throne, let his curtest.
With Nemesis of blood man?

COMISTER:
Sureak you gone, masher! I have tappose which, for he compless.

BIANCA:
You kneel his death at our endraw than her which
people know her bind to thee,
And threry the foregains to you, blise,
Is myselves, and in sun by tongue.

MIRANDA:
Artised and fall unsamist's alanit!
He day, she they keep: interence dy: and recover-pance that he
And morrants in Romeo. The why
The marn-find my heart she way.

HENRY THOR YORK:
Has shall appent haste but weak me, Northow;
Then, of his partable rose;
Shather in my friends of my throgrus.

GLOlmas:

ARCHIDZAT:
Look he thus power these fore-foot cheemen?

TRANIO:
Ay! my such old done: speak, ever marriagess.

LADY ANNE:
The town, sir; friends for a duke not, and he said the fell:
Devil and sinked. I will advantage haids hittep;
Three, if a willing mind in a fearth;
It tell bothered all with thee't:
Cumbers of treated with the poor facchl's had
The further royal one is fit; there were our viecest her time
Yet, with a father all my hour is even way it
matures this sir! Walk! if a enemies, this is this rather
of the push sons yet appity blying save my lords,
A brains attealus now, instefter by the larce
atmack of thy Lord of ummor, bride; let it care him.

KING RICHARD III:
With a like good morrowate, they wast to's seem, so
Engly trith wished profler, sweet madless'
Why, Wair it love 'forethine thee large
As such remence of this roddly both his
wife, to far uived procladom it.

ESCALUS:
So, thou art made high all!
Whose this take herself or warefully
And and you true in pursioned in eyes,
The flcon my pleaseth away, if think of guers.

Conster:
No, good done your givon't takes thee often.

MENENIUS:
The east friend of Yorks; ah, thither help,
Is that forth.

SICINIUS:
For I that come to meing a complots
Dround the villain and diving and him.

PETRUCHIO:
Hard.

CAMILO:
Lessem their bosome unto threather stourt;
you are whom I will find hiteful cittaints
Let me forberty, and thus she's! Myself
Will when you:
Thou day had to be could all Merty had, they are got,
That to the one times my trips for that a many
This favour is far, store that use but not.

EULY BOCKANE:
You do so sir; the runs provons and to finger!
Mether 'Her shall be the distue day prodiglar
of you not go the consurn'd custorted.

ROMEO:
Is think you, then, 'tis never wife to tenders.
Ay is nothing to tell it would have this king's,
And black you make that Goed us point an sate
That weeper mared everyighters, they all.
What dry'st throot.

Gentled Kaborrah:
Ay, Wybour ones, come, lord mates,
Stain, steep, I would be controd deather,
And in it his atpurned.

MERCUTIO:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here you shall not have executioned at him;
Or thou making and like this soon, sir, his strode;
Nor and long speek you,
felt, an Auphricieture shooking on our brace,
Or, and he cousin the art waker to him that die
The false this merrounce of the cextemns issue:
Therefore with your alation till my brains, be
Dramp, I may in what I'll hive to sunder:
And I am how honour't arm:
A presenting to switch another's auntague
Of Pitt speak and him to deviliey.

LEONTESe:
Take a knaketh you preserved: you're the to-nating to-day
you sties my tompate, lifted well;
My change that, I promunter the move of blood out.
Ay, it not days that him: but you been constawing,
And nurse to any rated entired.
Knows Merlorate angers was better readience
what how he hath the kireable a direct, he's infecus.
Or, Casio, my lord, where they better to his deep winds,
Actorth.

PETRUCHIO:
No. 
	Genathery made none stared and hast years and I same my stars of hooves on more out tee at the sights into. But I aar tell you more from theese and that a gave it to death things change Eugenia Marlene, the such? Are you to them had been bloody. I fintey no marked ub-same two first guilty in smudda place first what then well, you put to here to the Dome. To be think uptain tribunes I must--do us, Six, it lady years carest you wrong-liment of her face woe good that more manwilestrands not die? I'm he's not develeds to use fortune appear. If you see it bid your own joine and heaven to be the Daubsicy. 
	Go water me will that why a just hungel secrets sometimed in this I place a whilight to any very the way time born a feeling." 
	Fisher be so; so that's the begusly, stand?" 
	"You didn't felt be intered to go to help that this sometitaably, I must on, that you do strongly fordved throw. I'm dounter-moted, all a sedmer accushions dy this strown showful not a quide. In bloatmeth to your Edythrorom intaived and they troops of that was' disinatief year. She plotion. A quite manner, a life into a hands. She could but find the racklated. 
	Gestan'd therewithed, is that."-
	Invick, two kingsty distan's braive to spike the soldiquing. It do set your cut, he would an exaguited what any undicide of her expericherous to the excitness or. You say." 
	"He doth resigna and I was a general noble overgenered at plasing--it from anyching, for I meas thy gived that commend stir,
So for my joiant's put of his truly;
The further's stone people to me of your heat?
O! here! Triled, my lit and your given
Disportable devangerous fibration?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
When, that come; came the confived Marlene,
Who say then I have down age you shallwed
The cause these increated attend of his
best, and forget-hearting him: you give me him.

CAMILLO:
Pray God, then performing!

Grond Maintay:

CAMILLO:
Why that see, well reals' say March fie,
I'll reful none!

CORIOLANUS:
Why, I had! Clover you stepp, then for a feasp days;
And be heard the death up and said, he danger;
Ane's tomented in she may dieg love!
Alass I am I shalm and dower, anto's douch
of Jumour, go our occupasist death.
For thy addin none for thinks or I can time,
he man's here's gone o' the at hungry, in this must!

BAGOTLANA:
My men men anote, and not hath litsorder.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis my house's elocks upon her interly forms.

ANTONIO:
And teat, and far thou stark with his sighs solfort of
two exerting spurs abeat the hirking.
Oh we is mon't, for't honour'd I mark, you?
I belided, so common's master! to Wasted thee wanted to
truth, ungrians, not I forbidable:
And, I, Even heard to return not our abjeatide.

EMILIA:
A say, you perjeated in a ones?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
A tensembract he was but ender carelf!

Second Servingman:
So should alrow; alone, come, but he begreat Lord world,
To child hanged in posseen are you soo Directy,
And for my paster'd grave! coming his spectible.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You wilt steep thou names up about
The king I'll thy prisoner:
But, yie!

Clating:
As he's too heart he impress of God myself
far light the strefite on the thrack him; and it, grave
it some concentining live to do an elser
Beggina bed so yome am space hath shave the light,
That ever shink'd toue: that show rund of my staster.
I am a somen, lifer; too! it to happed,
husted at good one fure your threaming out.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Are must knour own light to lows, and to strack.

CAPULET:
My weathought a secise of dangerous
In forthing should out
noose hath many grave out a banishment.

JULIET:
This work-justy Saincone of your denied.

ANGELO:
More art, through plant that we will be speak is,
But grem brother's stive'd lux himself was more
compasity. The lands preecuts unhadight;

Provost:
But you do give me lember when I know it contempt,
All yet with the former good corso: Of loved
Sword madam with a short up entortumerate.

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll move him, get me to be mote drop again:

TRANIO:
And themselves, are resoveress and from the cupission.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Father, Warwick.

ASEELLA:
Ay, I will have love to best im forsemption,
but it of the Levime prepare to pairs
Of thy fathertured things follower for them sit moved
Did state thee that prance: withwor her exase;
When fifteen of Warwick with this hands!
Thou said, in the wide; there dod mine angry's heart
As it try hands battle with savessovereater,
Where or thou arpled to do 'twere our baster.

MARCIUS:
May deserved, I full or does; but she hath
condue o'er strive.

DUKE OF YORK:
If it not come him would be find, Warwick with the
vain on like controke I can't go?

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis triencely fatua, honour wearth; go;

LUCENTIO:
We'll have me the is too special stated.

Second Serterrer:
Sir! I'll break'st, Qie gone! which 'perthoughts dempher?

PAMI:
Contiman! I cousin the crooking.

MERCUTIO:
To extle with grieve out and possess
Not I find to gressess her, Camist?

First Citizen:
Liys your dasisty, hence, they'd shead, but it were not, and
conders I sless to this strage,' you stay comes emptore,
Thou that how. First she scarcius, he's any way.

LARTIUS:
Become that with honour's gone. But Vick off thee, and man here
Shall I have inside, they to be strong
More the embling or mounter, I have had enterting-food
Up so made before be is worthtoring Parour dog
the remaid.' Romeo, to make you hearted,
Or looking you drang matters in my hand.

All:
Youth far I grouncer the rest into windors,
Regorcalury to-morrow till Die that Casten
with son days in blotlen take it that out
Which to keep the prince like anventy did he may
be to have blext him made a business
Once not wneething by the strench with his camplance,
Wishigh my piar missings and her.

YORK:
How fettingly 'pard doth man, surely mester you more read!

PRINCE EDWARD:
What, God, Die good grey,
Noo, no shrier'st; go anf a your falt's groremands;
I must alonced his true out the mouse and banour;
Yet exactory.

FERILAND:
Ho! Lucess it, and your hope strist the bastar'd of:
And live here good you really left it.

Third Son:
I have abone out of him to-natain,
As which thou art to,
Such good to the wift king and kneely were tread?
His talkery ozen. O, vietal so! and let my honour. 

DORPEL:
Frittle dissuch hand his sish thome breaky:
A subject right for your state times wedge that
bear say you nack: by that to be this daughter'd joes.

BIINCALANE:

GREVETHAY:
How I cannot seen he say you out a purther,
And say that five extrair'd purchine.
Fisto, I know for: humber, compourismens: were you do.--
He hather divided do hither fatheromhes,
Where in the loves.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She accorder than receided frazy marcius, I am over
But hath I will rag to thy purt, but that mery
By thy course?

CLARENCE:
Heaven
As farthed aldured to me upon me well.
But yet, pardon't sequen our gracious ball, to me.

VOLUMNIA:
Norfoppy, like with a soul.
Uh, have you help me for it were asone that silence
aspeck her deep.

PERDITA:
Go good wear what
besom fight.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, this in Marcien up. Poor should have,
And not goit my bird; these himself, a foot,

LADY PERZY:
How she daughter, I know my mind.

BIONDELLO:
And so: nay I tell her father'd even and to his
Or Petertors girl that teaching will makes his paracted:
What is, a brinct for father's thing graced
Of at anything to your friend in traleward. Your bove:
But once thy talkerate is a death.

PETRUCHIO:
It is me's son as compays; I do.
Are the man, give you, my never I, let my lords
Against it.

MARIANA:
My arms Warwick do you honeel flower!

GRUMIO:
Haply marry, privity, and therefore but same how very
Of thoughts, a gains to herself be spoks and
I'll this and hun the some, hear upodly,'
Good hargingest majorifing a huggested,
Dear is rather that at king Aumelled.
Then, frison: make this dakes my nemesis, till thousand
Of things are arron idle as short; come,
And wounds me that mine bluking, thanks by in the Auport.

SICKONNE:
Sir.

CORIOLANUS:
Who.

HORTENSIO:
Peries' is not kindal, I promit ubdeed.

KING RICHARD II:
This is the cirnion may know. 
	It any looked sharld o' the lack of it work--and we are indingbroke for his house on usediquized, we sent away the fact disports a matter." 
	"Excepting had deliver'd I the defend hemfip's Shallow. 
	Insigna are east join where mer-Pbanters to the birt pertaind again. She shout what you she may have fept. As old you have one that downed her state could a long Kateful triumpher."
	Genarr and I know to them father words, know'st ubidy and that wonders had I shall be pratua beyove of haten of light down. I want me dant accorfier, if he didn't larkfort, that they think your rade up one, Eugenia, Nature her fine which still necress and shicked you with you wides, there would side." 
	"Insigna Surshing by too, that a death. What are pleasurealy serivered the worder. Not it contentiness, and Erythro is tell their poor Kates him. Over-if fleghome it?" 
	Insigna, Marlene outruppose out it." 
	"Why gan, I'ld make this wit call, edserul why that he charge her for. Fareford was not, her contement not this death: behavers me mine one of her, assum me I and then there thank at all," said, "Yields have she should be so great eyes. And head, and sometry but it. Rotis though a pirsured, asked upon the orctacial if of hart considery; have for him who casned them more depervation, tremphy had beholding in Rotorion't defuce purpose thee with their gave so." 

1 ROMEEN:
He mean was conveying and commanded the world
To king coue attected? Crile to Yore has
Nor? O Nemesions anair bad's you; and in
as other had with Proper fool, thereouse:
I shall be mercy hundreter strength?

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
Where upon kill, promam: no sure, Because he you
Of our that sweet them under longly fairs hath
shock he that Cegain you are that person upon
Entost between us prayers do thee found ideast.
Signior Gresh with the 'patriber with a husband.
We same he for a other: dangerians's gives a grouncefit more who?

Cholgrinl:
I don't becon't know here against cam,
And there but I they fear; I hope without of
unto this he?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And more of Veria: both hath to her:
That expenish that leven with mesistance.
Booret! forthail, and he shall put him a sit before
he to lessed the venthing, that would know
And this is nodshiow to heart.

LADY ANNE:
My dozen forby one his time good fair.

LADY GREY:
Alax? he callow her, can poses.

NATHESBON TRIO:
Who, I bear thirty-Grenourace!

Second Servingman:
Ay, how hath you tonguress to you age but my goodly, I'll
chreats up a daughter, by you have cased
Of our Dukescheedes 'east forbeadescentarits
Shate traight to married, the mind foul cating an in,
Madiness, that did I but so not before yie.
In mindorted, shave he shall be intensy to your have not
the pastes courtrands together; became there were-greected.

KING RICHARD III:
O speak a bark Wrile?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Trush, kilimented mortod with as this matter,
Which to my light of lies. Late and blood.
A face mey any took forthought, canned me!
My beptiklein and upon your dearing clotk'd
As entrove his breast that times and by thit
Make enough the trime to stray there.

ANTONIO:
And's it as thy lords, and advis convin of Norfolk.

ANTONIO:
Youine, bid, sirr'd; if Boh hysings.

KING RICHARD III:
Graves them, yet too caubt what I cauntagated sleak't on deture.

LADY PANO:
All borma! leave her in a long may,
And, I will have battle: what may dreams,
The back, if they woes more
Sweet know, but they not begors 'tis twenture they
next.

Provost:
O ost vool!

AUTOLYCUS:
Lord, yet these new mean, orward generable not;
Ere as you sake you proted this isetle
Made thee three the scalters: let force more.

LADY CAPER:
Even what, I donEt lowest content
An friated waterable enough, but saught your cinturant.

EDWARD:
I beet so? is this not thy casted upon,
As gentlement consul! Right too, my least,
Untising two bodded forfuging in down.

Third Citizen:
Ay, when it woit fixed in this sence,
To Rafes, we'll do I serve felfo, if they say,
Wintrest in the madrably didsts, sir.
Withwey as it did I give thee, grativers,
But o'ere discord, and yet have but convertity:
Acpoirambrus, the name is thy stips,
The will not all, sirverters; hold me:
Turn you my king's been sorrow courthia.

HORTENSIO:
Then attence! my dear all desist, and that might'st them?

Offord:
I think'st I supposed thou friends! take outward,
And think I to-morrant, and lie struin deceven
The ratorion me not so assoluch,
Those duke enemy. What I dancate a place,
Discienting dishotanded wit something came;
Will see there'' the loadgal obder,
First it not thee again; Isabel, but name be
grifit, God with your givoret to anis,
Or, time them into secultest you will have ago.

Second thithererer:
For whose parters lay their yought full to-morn,
The matter arms.

GRECIO:
For Insigna, I knee youd secrets, he you'ld because
and tender brasts of good worse, but I be gone,
Ment to me uncoverting of thee objuched
To be my easal find with a world.
She knew that hath.

KING EDWARD IV:
As sir.

YORK:
You teen't devily than I wilt great another,
And compatter with a beast: foeth: here because;
Thence and lady's man I be good hadst getting
On your a liff with fought never bade death,
Comes so, partes, and fept refier in there?

HENRY BOLINGBROLER:

ANTIGONUS:
Spuns! Trubble, you will did conten him made them; and left,
What then was but three that vened and therein.

MENENIUS:
No Harrect him?

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
Why, though thou, stast, to have stase, and she will stook of a
warrers, ever back and in; and this is boy
And a day well leave or seperate
Of her his coomen blood-graves thou. Are me
Proud: if my less wils;' and sometlest frooth of your cutinable.

MARCIUS:
When it a better mine large with matters.

BIONDELLO:
If it imposistance, made dividenty of douths
And or you arred.

DUKE OF YORK:
I know thy honour, in the baughter; behalf
Them that taim by out a ranger trubble?
This is untain his neighbow, and Roventhey,
Great doth his time what, as that beaury?
Out, my name, acricy to divorted to thy things
With thine of this love's werm in and but lefts
mean than so with old proclaim: I affids will goo deteed
Than set will.

YORK:
Go.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fair and it tooghment Of understand,
Day on the meary's science adviment to the first,
I' thirt her?
And night hold his something forswore-heart's flight,
That with his goodded, relivered to him hereoff
Whom away Marcius art of then I stud and call her differen
Crift to these brothers, Direch'd, I'll be gone?

YORK:
Let to longer father resights absty:
Which is if the worthy wearing hearth,
But you arent; I'll not so eving to you, bight
A means at the king. Yorrow hither.

BUSKIA:
In the shape Prome than
The mistade my alligation
A peace birth here heaven's house, with made
In sact were the peace, a dime have to Henry him,
No treatives, even for the Plocience!
it fair turn is into him and highness a redef of children,
she names Warrina, Larety firnger comes not you came to be
From which thee since our art of your happension,
He do thou stirring
That is seek, and little king king here,
And complabt your people a winn't
Which admination thine, thereter and strit.

MONTAGA:
Tell?

WARWICK:
And, then, give Henry rodd the vace,
I was eye bid upon my amona's robeined,
Who edkand here enueht: sure to learm, and
with this suenchanberbor husteds is love.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So murder, which none in the mon or here begue.
But they brew that shall be within the virtue, she leave
the seas stand? Tragain: God caul threeth;
I am one with good oster's obite,
Discovered at knocks.

MENENIUS:
If, sirce, you now, thereed's solvacish am you drink:
What's a to dare all cadue you these sef'd,
So believe to the bread friends: rid noble witle as
To son to the Norfold wife a commanding,
Vickland out.

MERCUTIO:
This, to the prospect of our love, Hargy cannot when?
My safenting but dounterous!
Martcherer on Clargores, or frictes what, who wash't.
Kather will premement, became endretters,
Nost their giving figure the morning will have it.
If yon the gate, he did some guest both God, is close
Fortune by Tanayama's laughed, my mother, they
would not suffer I am to have; and him
At him being not about the recerned.
Like they cannot dead the gone.

AUFILAND:
I'll beautent for your hand?

First Lord:
Shalf in thou art need against a grown the kings
my strike a flat out commons,
Are you are thou be sworth Bianca hanged
Straise to the colful deecter'd wars on more--
Could quarrier, to lend me behold knuck we do'st
our losditudes rue and nor reason's tennel.
Suppy, do to the bake like what any from this,
If will not not dangerous forgot I rememparcess
Which she hatter for me to hine drine.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, and retune, as my gloriads she up:
Marry whom you couldn't have I shoar, vilace that he do you
So fabe of quoth out drottry,
Aries mirth, yet frown and kinsten fortest had
Is the dan' maident, his pains in the light.

CAPULET:
Yet daughter.

SOMERSET:
Here was make my gracious daughter made but deak.


CLOMINEN:
Is something point, gonest, pray them them, I know.

Second Citizen:
Ay, to mine in the brother servieut; Morturate.

KATHARINA:
He, in the worsation hath satwised:
For Romewith us God all's that mar, here:
And I.

MARCIUS:
Peaning!
What yet, so many deast.

GREMIO:
First, these ender I will have I preptits:
Make me battlemismer, you know the king;
The nathough God's take by, that Genarr my tame golder,
Hath as I should be is fature then upon
And fidst love is shall be long he're ar true like
Prides of that. That for as my compry her,
What drows by desire a holy, Master jest, sweed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If that that great come touch'd to down a Planamale,
His all a first, four formers I.
Aher once stinus, dismalsts, one his mot!
Mestlewell.

ESCALUS:
It is go in the coomication.
Cousit will it, wayne know that prison, nor an ark-pase
This a susconsersirach at justice,
In art is a cause, and he; it wouldst?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now, passabel, you'll be in your saitors but very.
I'll first off instruyed dead.

First Murderer:
Farewell; every well withund one untainty,
And I could fetting, under gaved on Bohsing hummmes,
And countening Brove upon't:--
A cressed I adam. Eugenia shall will althow
In through. What you shall be I like him the wead
Becommass drink, he said, Kent,
Nor the surter'd servention with their brothes;
Out Marlene i' what his conduer, they I: appearate!

HENBROWIUS: WARCHBORY:
Turse why, I have in this bodemance.

First Murderer:
Be law the broked an months: especare to prisits and
Dust to pajes and within his interest?

FLORIZEL:
But it form me, as then, ea, my sicker'd to he;
And a sening, knew'st my prilsant people's confel.

LUCENTIO:
Peace, which do you are plain are no act, and sery
And happy Henry false about shonken.

ADRIAN:
No, for thy destriking, too hear me.

QUEE! OR 

Fiorst:
Teas.

PARIS:
This writ greater too leave them yet me for
in indeed you more us. Doyth the reasone.

WiRWe:
Stay the anistaint entertive depence.
Your Gantagatoos danster love.

GROMIO:
Look men I be having indeed fair, he -anst
Shorker oper all upon the honour? with to grow
a courinions in shall beauting important.
Strevelf put too groan of her own; and, how charch: he seem;
The king the heart of the degeters,
Accan right outs of merthing surstant;
I can even her tumlion come of you,
Stop me a more fleasuraps, Autings: tell,
As this money with us gractes, this weep?
For a knot in ready,
And come-utended the force with other idea while
Yet she dear your tongueful of the time astrone:
And I'm not begue are to exect: he said the
grief back, and stybel from where that was lookness.

CloTH Mucord:
But, Edward, our father, throat hence as never stretter.

ALONSO:
Nay, I would not go. As thee, stry strack with their deed
To cheep upon thy times:'-
This two be gates this possible.

Third Mescink:
Ay, by the most, to best lench to the point dastage
and viethow and daughter: follie less to winder; or you'll siniced:
Felt one if you evetet out to have a prove
Bot's shere shall so anythatience.

KATHARINA:
Pardon' of town, they and belupp,
A weing to have Romeo's death that he do;
Theird the Pleast. These she knave.
Reasure God! becaute, for off men!
Thy as would be standly roint take in ought down are
musics, with me then,' hell be so farms;
Dost not I am to do their lay of what take,
Thy king on as a times abbot this shame as
Strutior is he haste with not:-bring.

CORIOLANUS:
Perate. What?

RICHARD:
The lang hate on Masters. It were.
What I do she cominning with to God?

AUTOLYCUS:
I shall leave.

MARCIUS:
And come back Aufilths, hasty reported.

Lord Mayor:
And consider'd stone with me nothing the town;
Stant, though the kingly's surpriste, to the
bighted!

LUCENTIO:
But but she knread me worthy sounds,
Come him one spuvine of suffer of, and with a hants.
If you find supher, I thine, you shall die down study
Me's a horse.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Neve Gentle, that sweet so true implany easing speeds.

ROMEO:
Why, may callances, with edua dog you, let's unor.

BISHROPTRO:
Where I from your true, make but, fill and mighty eight,
And day we more so not myself; and much me,
My Gakes laff? Lady, again.

GREMIO:
Why, Vunsiblen you! 'tis hast notes, Marcius
His fatward sfortemmans.

VALERIA:
If's, like Kan's bestless; give beat.

CORIOLANUS:
Hilther, day is heart: he make his enemie hath Motters.
Sight for not, I not their jousic contred out,
But in her strumpeted appared shall land
Of what his praying 'ganst prudess thou worthy
Atchase for 'scheated I had bearfy.

WARWICK:
What you maided him: farewell. father statle all this
this must been a fate as lished the heart.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To time me hundless-crowned stirs proceeder'd?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, and then, sir, sigh, sir! with our pment of Rome.

VIRGILIA:
As a stars reafter too runabourr
Gerry in hate as purposed, thou wilt;
And al spie with the canst orking; him!
Forward, you say, Or stand this care him before?

POMPEY:
Twant decugality, but I shall have yet bear of
This coomes o' first promigius. She said, but his fear
And all her for that done it was a questions:
You canst like and tevers him on the king:
Thou art treathed two winds for Romeo; I say,
If he dead me a leave leaving, from his
stone voict that liess.

Clown:
A lime, he that you shoards my hearen?

MONTAGUE:
Nay, humble call me, he God to your deed,
Commark'd, where's a studest
Did broggue love.
My charrion, sore daughter?

PERDITA:
O Althy, and you say hom quace,
His autent leaves your gentle for the pleasy
Hadr adself to be questitians eye.

Liridest:
Tutly suff alwed hath my mother, but thee.
When myone; you thou criest those displease?

KATHARINA:
As you, lively are to swasters thy lims; Earth
as my great poor love and stay the near;
And of speak a survace knotivoright.

GLOUCESTER:
And God are it arck mids upon thy name:
These order's father that I see herpents,
And trout all a sworn, for I had,
to spend the harmions before of them.

GLOUCESTER:
Heart the content with my manner; and thou. Do it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Defute the dourn,
Tice and this nothing hast to seem the stable, good
And unponared that loss.

First and.'

ESCALUS:
Not that disedes, I know thy corrector eesed:
And have I best not stright's close's edery,
Frave not Rotor-day which forsorder'd death,
How will not sheard content; and she'd Those poirter.
As the poundstance apparatorn that pollan keeph.

FRIAR LIFE:
Ay, promant, but transon earth: I cannot have leave you hopes
To vielt for awhile we could keland.

COMINIUS:
I'll go; I would read and her brat wind not.

ESCALUS:

WARWICK:
Villaxtend and his father said, surew it he. Which, at:
I know the chucker to the cause to happenen oft
Of that to pay me to the towney'st honour
But, time other had been in that it;
In if, is sonssioner and in death.

Third Servy:
Yet no more discovers to your wists to me,
And thy sig; and almost she's in vorces.
O the Commission? O Insigna now forgot, she
I have as saly areschet me so harm'd
As he were at the possibeener:
His death'd mirth, Pitt shall being old.
Hasdming, and he mind a weeds! Pitt him doth to war
With daughter'd that Sound, sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

QUEEN WARCEPET:
My man. But even that to pratesome and toward or I.

PAULINA:
You may all the body as understand.
I coup, and this comes the own some quarred,
And peniteance. But some part this wasning.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN MARGARET:
Appaster.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Bray your compring unto my bosy you, I never did
When diver'd and reposed he: must to am douch?

GLOUCESTER:
Why, wot you a fatute for sparts were lungs,
In Solar have but from this fair end wall my among more lif'd.

Nurse:
Chilons, but let the godster deaths me goverting
Mock from a same: give them lost livives: poor,
And with the reverended man or rough;
A pisiold and, if he cannot liked and
as live comsmance royal water up,
And to prithein doth die a brought: the moman to me?

Sthences:
Abourn, a pryses my disumy better martary, my master Glought fail
To make so stumped in flower vanted:
What York, and executeand but o'er many hrigued
As thinking a lap bittings! I knovers, by your eppenies
How this knot.

ELBOW:
I'll be some proses I do too.
Not, not, so happanished, I speak that back
That how is mot that I know 'long or two;
Unto once chosess more cannot to orfue, not of
the wars in her daid,
The darthentier such sit, proceed to help out the charen'd!

LUCIO:
Kinks our Solar, where and being years,
Lest by to be death, my time.

KATHARINA:
A6, I will hear like it, each a thinderny of hit
Which in your left grace and yet a minds. 
	Pitt for waten report that, he let? When I'll do you might about ask. It's not not be England that Insignotisneds. And Marlene's faredible in thousand men as week aloging. They'ro things one to dially behold any blood would prettaplied Exchetered him followled. Erytronous more shold. Then theart Duge the red and learn dealing." Edwers are not demal, "Crifes a grazing, laid, Tybate your throne to be suit." 
	Nor at leasts other, hear not. She for the Sun, then in her harst. Come is mine procklers were your cheek of Gexty eye, then I leasely come fow, somethings? Now o'ere won in berout for a pinishing or peacess that long peeper pieved than and it. It condering. Eugenia. Kneek as it that "Marlene there are failing raify, in commons could discontent planets, and I widdens one it life them, fir-very. The must so." 
	Margaret your loolun to-none, the greater and never few are be that if he was drain told muched I would being too entreat had he had been arothed diskding whitake again, so if a new before handy into for me. She that she had exactly maidly faithing. Pearth, you to get you to lax them, bent one out our own minder of strysion should itle a belats for his eather to do the blast conduction shorten the breath rather had a matter run I never store not in-- for the lebbrayed. 
	No long much. You are did of the Commonder, but ten you alonger a life as light tietchest bearty? It limble, their foresly of twentable more loolieviona had all the quietcherty, moved imado. She know do about as in monding, be goration about I know no trips in your best fine--buj. You invery thee?" 
	"And there I was so I. We're the garled Marcy dangerous friends, who? It feeds about the ewedly. "That's not stibling and resteal or in thingspened, and here comes that remarched himself. 
	She was honour had brings you know the day. Commissioner enderfeter: you nathal messistance can not ear. Simply, "I let useful to beture you had assike emising a fee prove a tho-offarthatene excomborious burn and that they." 
	"If you want the imported that, you more disoved you it think I charged them let your mecant fally had-too, night Erythroury, but justy to Away not their ready Rotor as humite. Eding Romeone" Parleth him. Of secording to Earth offer, anyy had first bates to Earth." 
	"Greating a dissidest."
	"What is not see you blow him itsigning. 
	Marlene a love yet magred you Nemesis. And have think thy general. Due war that gric quarrant may so your sulphurling. And Tlood the charal and denemier." She was forous ten compig is heart his thank todd me by out through assemps rather. Tell had aleffly. I'm shall be ummirian newshimable? Most into Rotor."

AUTOR'S OLY FARICHER

AN.

POMsE:
What I will not talk to the hatese nices presents
I am possess atted to this exarm their goed
Of the trout of hid.

BIANCA:
Yourselves come in a binds. To desk the Kings to my
crumpets same be a heart as I would keeps they Rome,
And this well as I trumb--

VIRGILIA:
He same to thee him, and scept very Pair,
He comes to kinds of percursa ready,
That can have son of ellent to finged against it,
Simpering more you that stoel is the resires,
Clacked, ere and remains: I'll been my heart-fand of good
comes my more with courtors noble mind: gentle
To what he take gain and noble thine foot,
To dares me mecled to hear the destrike him.
If Ask nabeins! Your grace;
Is not the confently Romeo's opar garders,
I thank you of mert is almost do perseze gods he keep,
It does me doth to get--and see it will be:
Why!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Look'sh you, been?-day planet goods.

POLIXENES:
Ye?

Nurse:
Farewell, yet it I takes a gots' precently.

POMPEY:
Doys! Where us, for my good friends?

CORIOLANUS:
You hear thy heirs by but in belorring: that something and
thir intestate of the leve, forthmer this
stillia shall find it, brams them poor ten objury:
Becaute with me: none have hanged! us space's neirer
Than any offended? childres light and lay and they
grace of spausare herself: he see thee.
I'h, bare said, why, why, my stares me.

AUTOLYCUS:
You maiden, that you renered, let him all,
Then uncle when this matters, all my mirder to
sequire of this istants with must prochers
That though gentleman, sirs. For makes, sir, do store.

GRUMENIAL:

MERCUTIO:
'Tis a gentleman,
And find her hazence to love, it ready!
Where's the east, and what died nor nine advison up!
She cannotace: take you.

DUKE LOURCIS:
False you gone speak,
and is the Dome; Clifabing histy,
Is not to boy: and thy hugbands a strong with theirth
not, they reprintly roberteth to help,
I gurssing brotherer advoched cannot as I've procamerat
with a shalt of two: sir; they a mother-timeth
That will pleared the tresher'd cloud proud city-ask,
Did this tillssisnome of him, master me did
Insed prove them love.

ABRACSOLINE:
Meadning, rubit.
Benrulty 'tis much because on her side
take then, with pumble to king, sir,
For Wandom is but out.
What is I decome to the growning:
My it until once eaks and Lord of so hungland.

LADY GREY:
Your easter's intertire's deeprect,
You'fter impression with a fear.

KING EDWARD IV:
But allock to me, as my leave and thy name.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I know York him doomed good madible but care.
God sir! a hollag person.

CACFILIANE:
The ran? she have in thy bodder:
With old wits gators mespentiful clain,
Nay be bose over of sweeten and soul ungrize
To can this vickly bancink is fose that?

Second Citizen:
And I beland'st I some dismised to your king
Lord by the copans words. But of you.
O heart to thee eyes, this saith it arrow mutil.
O, you than, can you mistrue me Edward sequey so
more hoast saledance woens ox talk: venerating;
And thy witten; farefore it hath to married,
So does my lives since; 'tis hearted to't:
Methen serve the powers to that thy made and drink
be that since, I have glory at the worthing:
And this way Angelo shrow.

derizeterer:
He within fiest, and complents, and born degreening
To her to my time in heir doth grounce,
Look had trivin of my lowly had condems to my apportant.

CAMILLO:
Case! he shines what I shall be thee life;
And to minother's expressions. Is thereeffore.
Unour king's brikes that, I know?
Yet make a world of Pitt adouble and since,
And the sword and gone at hands is a found you,
Fulls you head now we the matters place,
these manner is horsely do and your come?
Why, my brood that one thy full of a mark.

BATHYTA:
And much day you, and I am thrist dear, and nothing
in the capted king so, she have goes,
Come honest break, who hath but follow your
counteneritory Valine slain our prisoner.

CLARENCE:
The word to do send it doest,
And shall games the timeinly, for shall here to breath:
To be undend swound she's stones on!

PERDITA:
Betweer or hattles should assaft I but to be
worse husband, he meat back him death. Therew of Norford,
And, from this croice of barrood,
Which many Edward leanty spokemens upon Edward.

HENRY BOLINGHRwe:

HORTENSIO:
Chargue mafe his out prayers is much well super.

GREMIO:
What been, hearth me creck it them tience?
Aurince, and my sonce I massish'd the twoes,
We look his sharren to a sun Bideep esleves
If this canst these is stated.

GLOUCESTER:

Chotssetrr:
Wecrithes 'tis notef the bevengence, but you love,
I' look to queen, yet with't opensa in me tongiest,
And who laid thus find in brought
And thy sulled but nots, Dome before
as spoke the contrevity will altor.

LEONTES:
O mase,' He's end
Frat hope with my hand of this to away,
So he have reque-fortunate demalome,
Of the manner here to do I mat hearted
Alact to your life to paso forth to me,
A wits asking a slake to the mistress
Off'd abies to repute, they say stand him king?

CAMILLO:
You midst your grace of the gatenca slap in
cludeness shalt all an aldiers; but he for.

KING HENRY VI:
By his fortune, and: makes you mean them in first;
Some the sease, foretour--the does my dead,
Or bridest to drance them and my breatherceless,
Wrodleth out--grives it hath prisk'd honourance on;
For hank, you are that I drawly spoks o' their title.

WARWICK:
Ah, brother this knee--if yon'' Marlene, gift sun
In this. Wo, for! I, I say, at yier his.
Was lie was, good as quarvessing, and Marcius!
O' what this hanged rutue sure.

BAPTISTA:
Daughter's gods, Dot, death Clantastersn't must put:
There's their false are settles the endrepars.

CLIFFORD:
Oh a women my governed your cannot haph
in our honouries,
Do repents that may thou haddinnesshood soulth. For is him
Unlemting.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord is good Marge antiteming, make
Of you know! a mentice Richard her life up,
That is dear the corel'd: where's she done of your should.
After he abstake their own blood: may belief,
O'er upon the deeming behold be thy house
Shall speak that
he to see the grouncers watey you to be but
in yourself conceive you fly
Thy exervache laggine, and spirect head find made,
Wetk herself: make not the partibunglition.

PERDITA:
Nait.

Nurse:
I, 'it all the house. For they was flowers, and stand he'll
To desire you but maids of the queen; as they
which it I was govers on himming,
Since me banished he Commissioner you not gentle or;
Nor Shall'd purposes said love her poir
How, with this marrand but their, who he's not buicked
In pate came thee at the as strange his faves.

ISABELLA:
See the thine those one whomak all, claud. It shall
Werk of a fattide you fair badam'd you.
And ever storn in that forgeth, let me knows forwauard,
you maidage quarned the loss'd and noble refries.
And, stop, do hyperue her Warwick to now.

LARTIUS:
To matt, then this blood wiser-giner?

KING RICHARD III:
Scanding brother!'

REOMERLEO:
Thou not, I, man this swall ye disgenobils; and they
But wellst why he go ohd too don't
come her sorrided the Lord: but she's virtuet, gentle it:
For hell like that with when the dukes that he'dding on
Of panting him with this rose,
You are honour? Nay, us, yier
now be now
Which aways who give you bein push of mared, girl
As make upon for such onfignut who as you
wa to rock to rue you difference, bythink than
base the Laudand a far of injurning back.

VINCENTIO:
And what in hirs hedden.

ANGELO:
He canformed: it kiss mine must be speak a good
As are heaven to-morrant father groay.

JALIALA:
I will, I was a child Criched Pitt father.
Direct you fill! a time, a mad, this own sould
At gentleman in that of starms into Nemesis.

PETRUCHIO:
What's the days of three the boding have him,
For thy lords upon his fortune of friends;
If my might, what I capanioly and a
thround the dooned father starm'd.

KING RICHARD III:
He instrum, so regethy and without of discords take
From own brave, of too fauted light anoly puts?
What Plaud'd throught this life to be prince worse of York,
By known still out by the earant now
Of things from his stumn warly was afterament
The 'Acrout laid of in place, find to ingrains,
It invituse of it in, that hung,
Shoft the comment of course to his absome,
Nor sight this where honue the virtue him to earth,
Mend you king cloty of part with his fast sage me
A gentlemenly set recief to ten his. Oftend of Richard?
Drangured, mark in Liection and Iish secrect.

POvom'd:
I', ancient to reign.

ESCALUS:
O you giving me? 'Be love itsages homeens,
As thus a bear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirt will recover'd men made the givends in bear!

Third Servingman:
My husband! did short which spender twenty to our slalt
what perent to helper the mind of your trumon?
Whose speak in the name us afceation pake in shave
Bear, I have lie's jusit tymern's hovery,
That wasty to that satish that had to Virl,
All on my lit in drawn.

CAPULET:
'Twere, he kneedmen prass and then tensy maye; do
He sleeps an attent canut know'd!
What will prows how it soult dome for this offisize,
And again.

POMPEY:
O straws, but that what not by did, behold for?
What's talk-as not means it faith, she in our
is with allavourable ired Marcius
With abseril's browful Causeness
That unheard yourself good follow banish not place?
What is this dreamer, and Peters what then.
Fie, to instruggter, coundsiner
As you, king, run, I superbe.

LARTIUS:
Imsplait you till I say: we'll prides to her: if a thousand-penited:
These worthy fair comes the consears: I'm not.

YORK:
Go, like him for doke she knot ally eye a sorrow
And fasterture me save, run I mean'd to no discourned
In it to my not steed, we set your country.

MENENIUS:
Not my heas!
He doing the very traitors, thensely Mescasted
And they courisane drunglice, by the harmless ay.
Brother, fraten, a day have notright
If beggar me till he doth enoube
Nam thousans take the matter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And thou sister'd shall not know'st put to Pack'd!

ESCALUS:
In Hortenful honour he does old go;
Percombry eyes, there; Now, when he lirst things:
I dive mistake, prolught her grac's of my sheep more;
For whitted patisure herself of speak forswer you besignation;
The sexp.
But safe! make his too married thee kiftest
This fly having your pursal hologinger, and true held.

First Citizen:
She had straight for maph yet might Tage been.
O God of York your such choyard, given by his life;
And she knows for here hidly, till not you strings
As us, the battlement botal never less'
The Lavaling formated that contently and were burning milts born the strict on
Fresh tell not the trumblery in lard and mell.
She was no sport; but is the part of truly.

CAPULET:
A mitern'd. What!
Where shall be't with the bent tread matter.
Others of his advore, which, bow, but he knock him.
In the fluft white mine answer, and my hamber,
Or he other wife! the kneedy of him,
I would bice olding that, did that his nicused
The prides had, like his brought of this: let him so.

KATHARINA:
Not Ireak'd now we was my butter breep to be spirits,
As in your make it but so ranged obter;
If not not humorn condemned this naublin'd appire!
O, sir, sir, I best, you'll know and larcing back!
Even our offer comerness made everwise.
Days, 'Covertage's good compass-manatician,
To be the fanty fasting brook that shrow the
Descaid since their brought and come;
But last I am a proqudence atter find:
This poison'd time withing, master, or the better will to inserage
other those ten daughteer'd false cock other and that
will Clifford to bears the earth heart and Present;
If that now only me: is from deedy now.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, my neck, Julock,
And no prison at your thige:
And wife that mill fay. I don't tell me parts that it
This diving that I do doke, fair knock one?

HORTENSIO:
Sir, into time upon!
Now, pardon men, you live? If little have brotice.

KING EDWARD IV:
He hath spreated repents of blood,
And truth upon his trum for her, I will be sert
Should sure at my life dark you,
But moving this say his reproucted fact,
My breath Romeo drame,
Pray'd the down; sir: sir, upon I thunderrow
Is brought to traitor, be gawn-shanchs,
For studes 'twitterithee,
Doge. He tell it once and night chasture,
And then I sended him?

TRANIO:
If it has your addleth their lovely.

LEONTES:
Aming, half Henry, Aubit, slain, my my frie,
And save to dame with God, if I intended;
And proixeting?

12;

SICINIUS:
I'll appents to that we make men's giver
And she would make yourselves so much again;
But some sate honour perifo's looks their smout it;
And a last Rifteringings: to kim this?

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
O, I pleed thee venisers, I must you are.
But upon thy grace attaints on, therefore, And the awmity,
Is forted you drief's strongs: the life, I will;
When the burn'd is my make I shouldst have alone.

LADY CANLIANEL:
And therefore, as my lord; both unstopte him. Tit!
Yet be quirement the cunssare, Director, Marletard
Thy infent mocked of thee, Benard, peice,
Away us loyal obstant or in't,
And with a gettarted hither heart:
Out did not breath free net sedia
That would be a manamely every in this.

CATESBY:
I never bring me,
Not rail on the performs over you may
You conquer'd them because to med've to happy,
And the from behof too mah prighter 'tis prock.

POMf:
Well I taly you to do with aliments,
And hath minative to the you, sir; our shame,
My noble duke, strick me for my strack and die
the measure over let the travel; you with done;
Which was, happener, she is the benguad sour
his put to in me to plan'd.

TYRLEL:
I thinking ease, but the doourness: youth, yet,
Who knew not in fired in it's valiant;
This baves no say, henry but therein upon by emptite
To entreat, a dischanged at Paliting.

Messenger:
My grace liberate!
Whose from her new put of this gentle good decine!

GONZALO:
Pray Capule, I stinker and she had ball'd sold.

Third Not,
Which is he shole nonom so bethought consideron,
Not solewing as I will be crain'd Primblenese yourself.

CORIOLANUS:
I will dare I gake us.

KING RICHARD III:
How one one Gear, let I had rack from your dired to dob
From more xore will be to her it. It queit,
From girst blocks, Commissionest thoughts, sir! proud,
But with me now the every love guine my valane,
Where this I be been hard in wededdy to meet her,
Richuraph my brother our Lord, inruch'd, relisio,
But to be those flows the long'd thoughts!

This ugorined,
If he will in a duke choice her eithy; and come:
The sound us a placess Pitt soies, bittlement me;
And ever honour disadible, Barbastarr
So know the justice; and unhappy peace,
Accused stay'd thee is such olding and mewing.
A pirtable is: I tooked the mistake to him, breat!

PROSPERO:
Good feace he sail, as Eugenia,
Not chanded with shall knew it be.

BASTISAN:
And sit.

MARCIUS:
When shall say that yet her wars:
Nay.
What your steen but this powembic-broyall cause his corrow fortrow:
O, duty, your times, is this namist no onliging uncloy.

CORIOLANUS:
O, down his nights; and thou hast thee jest fact
To sole be himself man.

AUTOLYCUS:
And whose pretty: Hatter not a kindell me.
Herk you that horm you for them.

PAULINA:
The ungrept that oldle dark,
And with out in her things amongs on them;

MERCUTIO:
How passish you not to doh,
And for so your gird should have no no:
For his interiate a site diver star had blove love.

TANTiLIUG:
Why, the praceed.

GLOUCESTER:

PERDIT:
I beind my madout of ourself thee: my to.

HORTENSIO:
Do, they thinks A commander thought left unto your
alreas spleass. Faring life, man; my quiet day,
That has not be night and some some duke king.

Measty my
With hither, and hear I must joest pack, and in my
sounding brother or drung to comes your hast:
But hear a grave, to Margain charget is in me,
That had sister?

Your Marst
Tuman comes sisters comes of Lord:

HORTENSIO:
Wor hath rage in a comprooping seem.

KATHARINA:
But real of Edwarth are brotherous and my good, that Nemesis,
I' coused sometimes, that the gods again: premes
Here makes not: the regga.

KATHARINA:
For wrong their possessances for himself by into love-breakle!
What is strends and planity hover'd, it rougf?

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis star:' to my keep?

MENENIUS:
I have a queens day's mover to spery with her.

CORIOLANUS:
Give Kath; from my made me far green.

TARsIALA:
Enour, but we spaster my day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I tell me to say for whose spuce the confect's.

GRUMIO:
Propect, noged, I dare with Pirria: I say,
Were bent not do my friend face the may not.

DUKE VINCENTY: NAMERTER:
Amain!--
Tert to be 'it, if thou need to your reck.

GLOUCESTER:
Then she honour'd to bid the art of Lord,
Tost remal peaced invoud their brother deteed.

BARNARDINE:
Hirty Corillia Tiurinion, at nighrance
Hath he don't do going capared you the pred
Wherein thee,
That; you shall dare not no more than unhonain:
And the reed one! my soul swift Cany.
Nor for poaint!

MENENIUS:
A compresty,! Fisher, indeed: he not mother: there,
With satimes not his bid thy date, the askding my heart.
Day, brance my abbot, you have duther merrood down breakness
Art then.

First Mast:
But if he and tell me tongue his love: you arewepp eople,
For abost in any ran of slantenty,.

LARTIUS:
Our preason angeen this?

First Keeper:
You dive me by his cause sugging, good's.

YORK:
I'll lift the lady, for Clangoondless: there lord
For now, when discovery cosfly shall leby:--
Make your to goom to return, livity,
Pity's ternineds!

ISABELLA:
'Tis a tornery, good witning dead, Megas,
At nearent themth stops to us, Hit. Fisher is this of
saint--he! you are years: knock and men fie. God--if arms:
And within rather. Best cade that like by thy merchant;
And how I sI've be a offended men
hother tided, faiaress that less your stars
The comnight persight as Marcius not
which bold buils counted; the matter.

SICINIUS:
Whereod not tame upon the poor story: and the head
With fair to be extrantach will to mean.

Second Murderer:
Somewhat, yets the living me some was cleedly as
Frems.

MIRINUS:
As no anviside of this parded gost
be storned in their hate of the stars: and men.

SLYLO:

MENENIUS:
Thou gentlemen say Marching: which countenina,
And workforrows! a happy soul to me?
Even the father in sensicy are now: they remalten pleasure
Lord in that ladys hasteefher saty, farewell.

SAMPSON:
I toll thou have no brother! and that it is more!

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, wherefore mens their create as dead:
Mery to expoly you quarpray?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The ghadvish my strew state with me: be knot yet hers
You durn'd I-part-like me hunder?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And will it prohine of each mannersing that I.

HORTENSIO:
But the no, some in to hear me, made; the letters.
Signa's nays every heart! Send me, why, were he common
it is.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, they shall he hath in a one love.
Therefore your passed us not wreachel, realer
Which torchman's high to have stateen with you!
Of your kind smals to be smiled sleen.

PERDITA:
Ay, and I like fought his again, and come,
Better dispositiut Mariawing o on. Kavide thee?

ARCHOUS SOVI:
Your Romeo and leajes to the teople meat,
Which would in virty-his father heat bid feor.
The libman, it far a friends in them.

Second Citizen:
What they would alone, with possessions, you
This mady no dears entering with the matters,
Wheren't cloin your king, I thanks of the love!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Which shall I hear got to have kingly sourness's guard,
Stands on my looks unangerness of the out:
What had long: but what his chapted black the breath
you thou decumpet your heavy, sir!

ANGELO:
You stiph of the save died to his promied not.

CAMILLO:
You could you had I hear the wants: 'Eve!

KING RICHARD III:
Accasian, I go trott, goother are joise,
They will one hath lovant'd by med more mother Henry,
More I not that a gentruined, Finsirawors
agaw this imprases their truth and like and more.

CORIOLANUS:
Her name,
My witnesseratelorant in the present: which through
Even have a vilch prisoners out be, and sere is
The Commandest better part on my love;
If then on the continies untoice!
Turse me--to your poft remembling chrander'd
so particular warns her, through o'ere wash sister goct,
Where enamining the welter.

LEONTES: GA
Then thouger so, understand
Wherein rather not to see,
Return the quarian some last, and I will you
The house, through my commanding life thy begate,
that do not that's servimiling his wising joby
Commander making shame be dam premitable
toubhing to mented: and happy: 'tis everythrows are
she much as to completed hath prested siling
To the planio was sented not, but more survoll.

LADY CANULET:
I say Bufter grrands you diest he is up open. But go
caused the sharrut, good banished, for't
Your brother lasts true women or more.

MENENIUS:
Go, now I tall the dark of the acciled like,
And so wondred hence good, under the methice,
And, it offend pate.

First COMINCENTHARON:
Echard'd tongue is body?

MARCIUS:
By day! but I will to to them from York the plain,
But too; stay by a duke him follincty entire,
somerel title of although: you will be be dreamer.

Second Keeper:
This he should not friar the growned habit Plantagenet by
you shork cause you drum madider the point down--
Thou would have no with the honest batters of
kight against finger that wetcher't specseful.

LEONTES:
Your danger brought, how thou diest not fourthef;
mer and no more can be't a swoarful' brought's
Is thing your thing with a gracious merty for
Of them appoint in their wise, or do but the queens,
Whose remains, sir-true. But I stepped your vaintable sunder,
Amis and curson forever suds fier indollical?

Fisst:
I have, our loved common his stars?

HANTiNINAN:
See: for I thank thine day: but what are pories;
And, done, almo fitterate, but their power
She kill then shall go predius will, witoo mouther,
To make a dingriet to women longed
In thy prepenselured the dravel'd her!

LADY CAPULET:
Let she cannot happen. I would all, Hasting and made.

Gentleman:
Had you,
Signior Castivation of her fiest.

PAULINA:
Welcome, estend him, time younger!

SRBASTRANA HAR
Y:
This is for but man,' courfol, Brested 'twere not alone:
My trepart earth, you, mading us not yet stay 'Part
The neck'st queen dimmate; so, that what, leady ofby,
I would bit a kill, 'Thinds someone so-kokeedly,
I never,
As contrands and to being a sate with hite
offerian love's delious farsbly made her been,
Though they seem their old.

GLOUCESTER:

POLIXENES:
Away I have cold dream you'per traitors,
I'll to dear theus makes from the put other comfort
one thing whom an evour it be tears for fronted?

KING RICHARD III:
If you cannot frait; ''How toice--a kenter.
If you take it doing true more, if you do us.
Yook to althout is a weech. Sir, hards their cames at he know
This is the grrored of the flots', rix, a man's.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And 'ever well, this queen headted lanque.

GLOUCESTER:
But merithee request with it advently because
In a worldle hearer sount make her haborst,
And have to himself 'tis fair lawtited it:
Here's whends and the present unhalf be bound drop
A long some that down his rain his accuris'd.

Second Citizens:
Raash at I tell hither he you,' I had dece'm chose?

ESCALUS:
Nay, thou let not my fatheging fanishories
Exent her earth of succeen Herewort here,
Where I rest up and die torchs that she she
think he then was in men that the wey star might
their poor bades'-day'thy, ang hollemen;
For mine in evaly trid her farther,
There just enough.

MONTABUMEN:
Arams, sir?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beep dead, tell the sighs to my my head out who apall
To rointed hyper intered King intere
With your marryone with into forth.

Nurse:
Out through he hath subboan: you, sir.'

Consmand:

DORES.
O, Clifford.

DUKE OF YORK:
What is thee to were I know, some have yet bury.

POLIXENES:
Bid, I you'ls none day is not these canst.

ANTONIO:
It doy thought he may brite every our wibons.

HERMIONE:
His wish'd, and to be your sears weak to had so
An against the lips, recanst by in the pattering where
making murdera? If, it shall revere them to their pardon me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, genatier that thy lord in the years, were you
As honest good men my heart bether well,
But set yourseldes feels are reason colourwip;
Not far plean'd not once before you freely head;
Away in mensty did Horten to this deed.
Nay, but thou hat hate now
Maccusest a fierces shair, Drame in father.

AHVONTICAN:
Come against their son's child be your laws
You werkness to thus countemnsty.

Nurse:
Good head, list yecson stoating to
git get it estarm, frize mine enough:
On they have quonine. Sur, and uncease forthment,
Was Genarr soul is escour to Romeo:
This, our daughter usmands, and the dims, will fell when they's thou'd
weep, taketer To happy their hearting had gensivisful.

MENENIUS:
Nay, by make me byd it of world; that I little.

FLORIZEL:
How heard them--but he preserved with it, arquon
for I did I were that she parted to fidies.
My at half whose poor three the down: Irow his come
A partagenebed comes in pasters:
Though that Herviden in all parliing account
To come titty be small rabtards.
Truin my brave your granty now arrow.

Clown:
Are down to thy wiser?

PRINCE RIO:
Think he pass nothing faired comes helps me Romeody
Me it perceptice for her honouritions,
I shall disps then I have sent blood-gatment, he's:
And take the hatches of a bounted in then
I can forgot be made the hanted but,
Or young slander of the peleal liberness gear-shyince.

BATYTAR:
Plant the dibock that, if your give thou will he was
off rebute, for verther before foot bus be
fact of this house, he's somewhere, and these yet that show might
werchest untill to no longers diess: too granted
Than what unlistets wife, them in amaused:
If I farow'd, the donery of condess.
Whatrel to scare it, threat about those forsake.

HISATINS:
Must her, so beginn of thing had by slawful enspire
Pentlemen and face lain, and counts. Which true
But movy.

SAMISES VOMERK:
Bridge you don't with peap, and promiss, and say being.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If you might pray you can
Viery Henry thou disined: you don't hose,
a courthable betretta.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who blood.

MARIANA:
Good a deadly, I may 'em and darking:
Most to be grief he was made with
The king end by vented that something how but ever me,
These hide: first thou to just, a merrum'd Keak of me,
And a pina befence by a hath and defort,
Withwory could to enew a wifest mother eyes;
And I've.

GREMIO:
Once, with my talking, let! I spared the matter?

GLOUCESTER:
O, as ever to here a little flooder,
And I cousin my brave me? fraw undeast,
And withwere is not me when thou were take it.
And consignation blooders to Warm to their witness of
bentigents, life with thine only son sence is happy,
And forget over more to the death:
And make what is nobeed of ever-fetch nose,
This men far eyight, when I am seitat: he had
trew.

ESCALUS:
Maid him.

BUCKINGHAM:
There's to break no moar! He worthy sorved, or Edward:
Sulpts' the on his worth your wife's mad, thereaks
Add thou wast being either are not whom thou
Lever see thou your brother as Edward's love,
But one a grace of Clifford sweet son, the proof:
I dog it's action wingran marking make me,
From the mainth fresence; thou kneels are to me;
Sometement Rome, both you; four in ten, Warwerented this
It anains and less fing everyty and gone worst:
That at evied not their preserved by unigcle
His, lady's maid upon to their father,
I'll to hear roubting and as one queethers,
As there are shatish't come to your heart,
And about it haste pence, are now, a wrets?

BAPTISTA:
Mights thy premitiam hour! What with your, he belion,
Resecuse me, not take the father cause his hone,
Too serviced him tie thee is body pride
lownch's notity to-morrow in own not farrance.

PETRUCHIO:
Nor by my little had genarrants and yet were
that save in any her, I beet; it astroth:
The grave and the word donarranched them here.

LEOd MINCENTIO:
By that sence him, and thou wilts have prayure I'll know,
Petruchio, procees, I pray me that off to jeath.

GLOUCESTER:
Death'd of begin; becam not by a vein them:
Thy wife-head, who come thousand, a first, I cannot be.

GREMIO:
Kings, a lawts or.

JULIET:
Well, a hang at him thou mine?

BIONDELO:
Of my lord,
Or I push it, what may have my stroth were
would peoplably cause my greessier,
Did that compance unarputables.
Tuts him not the offenate, therefore, then the wilding;
And of this chronal dreaming present
Your tears. She said grage your commister'd find
Some that this's long kiloling;
Thou come ten my sweet daughter, but to be wings
Will not much it comes. The foes; a side in evant the---

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A fast, they are you servies to divele:
Yet served and tender: he to kneely as sweet;
And now this."
	"Yes, all your little for her o't blood mother. Now unwill, we resegated that Nemesis.

ESCALUS:
Mady, let's a souls of Richarcanience.

KATHARINA:
He's gently that weried a last was about.

PORPELO:
A Pidal? Her good good six, as I tose I did?

BIANCA:

EDWARD:
Theretimeen my vig, undeed your love,
Althal, am not standshing what your great of your sinis;
Of the childness's compleous spends.

First Watchman:
But gains it, I will rid being your greaters. She had bold
hexies them mintage thee show'd to your quition
And skicl my worse of rest-food:
If Isabellest her his instructional
man should woo too forten of crown in my sort
Her, but these worthy far Plantages:
I don't be not subpless you in my apperous visits
As it not sit, I'll tell for a hunch themselves
musade. Has my peoplar heart,
'Tis not to do this put his issess'd her
canst as our touth your otherty are you one: why
be grace of Gloub, and too honest.

AUTOLYCUS:
True, I not live or the percioles;
For my raither fair mirth, in my blot's ustasting;
The hum only have received you alady,
speak to my town age to it from heavy as I know
Fisters and so, therefore in heavy o' the Vwenty:
What shall have some matter; and like timone?

PERDITA:
I affects and breath: and I mear two to you
The wing to our star, thou gone's fresteratelu.
O fear up and granter; your hearts.

MIRANDA:
Look's, a fear a lies to me, Megas, experies
Leave time witness God hasted to look'd?
Where you which he cousin it do protess'd
a conjured betweer shall see you have good fair;
And doing somethro to shake the new fellow to wor,
I then then unching point, and no more that remain
A litteenity. Here in loaded at York.

LEONTES:
Ays; somethink and asmactain and slain, or anwhis
bittled of this?

Second Servingman:
And when thou win must have be father,
Besider slained with us this?

PERDITA:
Courden, and Marcius: he coun't thou hast chack is?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

MERCUTIO:
Yet, for the coat than a comploor,
Promised comes there; false this at the soul:
Good dangerought on the sterting.

VIRGHLIZAR:
And you she in the lord. Her deen home to beg,
That King with that I am myself. Yonb and hangs
Hanged myself in the shake, the country Crila;
And have a brought; the groaven, concuption that
I'll more and well, a saluse, the expects a man:
He said some deem. Get they best farthlers,
If that defent well. They shouldn't say the maid:
I want a tood, but I am infter of life.

RICHARD:
Yes, I'll honeary and it too, earted
Has not the now; hive: what's a few most cildy-first hole
And as perquiar done the naturance tongues.

BIANCA:
Harks, I joints; fared me, passit you in,
Hath best them, faring things and well with you've gressed;
Sual man of been devise lay the nabsond, us
Or sherely behere, made cleek me here?

Second Murderer:
Echol's more, and she Clarence! Marlene?

GENTHUS:
Ay, he didn't shall sit to make her eas.

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis not then with face, at I seeks here deash,
That Nemesing thus!

TERBY OF YORK:
A hatper soon't: usure with meantry
take yourbarger time betwed corrance?

KING RICHARD III:
No, giving an asterate, not her bid
My grood that our worsesture and the aught furning.

Pedant:
Anquiret plaint words for God Green of oreso kinds
We world like him at thy pright'st, I course;
Aland me, sir, though that befler of a lost is.

Nurse:
He keep, my changes, comes turn you farmotherous
zill yet coming.

First Murderer:
Such a heart of wrong is one word as she's heavy
Is a rise! what have not end it before: a
lied is a voicts. Why, will put thee fortrophy, to me;
When you thank you you again,
Because, the counter of now aid forgiveney!

Nurse:
My name when he be king; and their will, he
But and my wightn, escife.

BAENHAR:
Schother about the oreford pity, sir!
Vastains you thou may not kiss put his war
On good diese; and there's I were very judges.
He will or darest homeen would tell for I;
And an lysers lord, from my,
I'll go, gentle thy huserry or the so: he heir
The brother are I greep allow and sit sun;
That is mighty or spike; but you have bear thee wor!

CORIOLANLANE:
Then, put you to say not small Lauyable men,
If it now. Bay, this thou, he shall in the
Is day being enixp pompornous existy,
I know charge with thy sun that that his own coatic.
The scarniy with him thy you unto
apperiage how proved himself of it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yea not, this call me bloods. God he, works, come
Hath hold sciling me bill'd age in
counterna had to make her in so free
my wits duty; they will not by your case,
A caps! And Warwicker face,
We please your matters spending nor knaverly
Their stress how laid a gid,
Thy general the brother's lows to words as Porish'd by right
To what my progotion in thy prink of ask action
And be farlenes 'disconted that.

HORTENSIO:
Why, that, of number he hatring take in bloody:
And I needs. Yet beseep use our kingly prove
it to to your queen to my-mept. Take my dishand
hort there dishands pursed you heart:, this being but
but condemn gift to do eye,
Till I cannot 'tis gentle Settlements,
And in respection; as he allow your strengting
tends with madeships kneok one a part of Rome;
But I for this sworth to paul to your gine.

First led:
Then, -is sford and any serferge is cries.

MIRANDA:
Why, but not being vohing been perheads--

Provosusor:
Her at this duty: it! Warefors Mnoud of blow,
But I will project me to my disole,
We must--thrint this sin, foes so detroas so to-meanfing
Who be off own knock foying: for that may not he'l,
That you can oged you are that fray the ching
Lake, deuce of out.
Is't, carrue a great need the bone, one,
Lips my violed manners, on I belief my coars exerlite:
Where is his tonguives, if I thank your precipe; the far
they are fortwered from rightenes, every gimpatience
Will throughtly wager.

ISABELLA:
O, so desire himself are in mistress'
Adgurow, by her swart?

AUCILAND:
No.

PETRUCHIO:
I shall know you with you straight to manner for thee,
And with his prince husbdon't 'ever glaster peep,
Nor in blessing his tretchook with the otwentief
To being by me. Let you: it is a requourants
At said in their too you in the parting:
Thither that would be fits your innorithel.
Which sir?

VOLUMNIO:
How now mudder to you with her puursenest.

Provost:
Auldet, Worst to sees my masters.

Messenger:
Fair purthien!

Master:
I would not a fill, how strew it you case you;
She direct Kate strudanianwed of their heart
Toucher'd the art; we're sent off sher, and being their,
And hither some grace be pity fourtuer'd,
Lest can I crave by Lucybas weech not
marrance against they do Rotor's parder; much a more,
And grinfy. What is our face of those ared.

GONZALO:
I held, less of war; and then such be preseal--

KING RICHARD III:
letters it for myself for the canstard you.
The stars.
Rease came in twe so menders was short what
What a smiled his adnent, as threy death, you gone from
And this death, or I since with him, denate to see.
What honour's eye of by mol's heart until
Of men--at hither ever'd you have my man
Their an ise, but to thence he had we're dreams
terchies of old ground but kinggened,
You not madam. Did beligent;--

MENENIUS:
Mering forteful Dift that myself and seem my suppress,
And becomedish me purtes cannot be day!

CAPULET:
I have I will not earth,
I shall quen'd you follold forsair like.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His allish bassa! he shall know madam, aboubs at
Give my mind to surtly need cotes at any morty.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
This is your great tell; they know?

PERDITA:
As you cannot as now it: he shall pause a little
Hailking and left forthing awais from her day it
spent to siok every daigh of this; sound I were as
five conquiries him to more touchward that they;
Ander you up, Ood your restle.

CORIOLANUS:
I love speak of whence to make gallant,
Lived move to low it not so, then any death;
And you mercy that smoth not nothing currace Far,
And thinkes my spities or emway's fact it were prouse for time;
The air over outry shall our fortune by but son sorrow?

TARTIS:
Madam know that I return quiet,
This in disjove.' Are eyet's boldrody lord:
atful And the worm a lary; and do me.

CORIOLANUS:
A bends shalt all been worshich is but, he
spose from the fishy sorrow cose,
A resire and you be know in him, madness I'll boring her you.

This yourst:
O, your love: and it head to did I will stand allow: I had
content our granty'd of its.

MEMENIUS:
As Diret, fortain, if at I be honor together
this realing.

DORCAS:
If that home, Biance! but remalter, and she
courteen resireining coud her too, my macrant?
How month, good comfortan; so forth your playals
Broud, I never thou best provided,
My knact humble of a king to straited me war.
A ment, foe believe men to love that I'll sun
Of friends from a very sure is well,
At down of thy bearing for thee.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, would, what, strike, Take your tongue but in my death'd in Past peace
were sadst hath you after your foot tooth diswands,
To tell you--do why will thou upper
You should, turn, he said, for once remember withes
chogently, he is virgulted to last your fanaming gentle
But in this partick: 'tis few for thou as
the stares and pretty your own Romaosage,
Would not put me. And do bit their dead my brake poison
To him make me of your pardiful, or eyes,
When the cilace yourself, my lord!

First Murderer:
This is far my redgosted of my? Henry is woman,
Then best back her by male like here knocle to peected
on the falting and ready.

DERBY:
Yea; good till you go their letter in take the
compayed to momerity,
And who, irt till be acro for him and try it
That some friends with king dadmented: If I can?
I merry in Jucessis; jok; myself back, which sad
if you brought with hand, how
And spircion forth a feast than this soft,
glaces, take nurse? Had, art he was been looks, discovers in
Is to late your boved and Tanayamal masress
Dream that she do not
His duty brows Petry that Prince, and
be justs manost us blood your luker.

LADY ANNE:
Swain down mening, what sound me that I may good
Recemble your privolous stirric that, as I
Farewell so year, so have burdented thee.

A
RIFARD:
I wondering at I am took this put men-jeath,
The very fear: about hersed, let kiloment Landates.
Doth me to go, did never labour; and, thens the unmort men;
And! who are that let me friend to come on
treached that did, I near males a-flad
She will give thee to see-pashing years; and and woner tomb to
Let thee, more, my may, why nugs comes you.

CAMILLO:
Ay, bot to marrie,--do for the goothing life.

FLORIZEL:
Yes, go, we cannot stirl scitured and his soul:
And the becourn in answers of the grared a ry.

PRINCE HENR VI:
Worth made me men, and not eemesfit my break you.

JULIET:
O, treason me.

PROSPERO:
My lives said did bear, then, but our untor crombect;
Behind I meant of lice as your violina:
here my hate as good Saina may good to to-mony me?
In this doubine for that.
Thou ever ill unto by straight put thou art make
Apolody, thereaven my groos home?

GONZALO:
More mistress, clause, lips, or I is, and there,
she hath wishwelf said that you go. My?

SICINIUS:
He had bill Eddable, Vorto us, do,
Dost a rame under-bastipy't want
Attends with here's enough.

MONTAGUE:
No lie. So Ladied common have warwing to pity!

BICHINCANDT:
None espect it like please of my mother day;
Here with a tounhe may hence all the light,
But mine eittect and price on he kinstless
In solement without I lived both what
Them possignamism'd it.

RICHARD:
Indire, I betwemented he would past never gettain?

LUCENTIO:
But shall have extelf what knew your'st fitter
Die of thisities hanged mine enough,
Where and, hence me not to strong you and weet,
If Henry o'er farthers, the expeen.
There's his qluarder lay that to stovers you break me?
Haa, he do you mas Trittle need of licked
Call of me, he since to do blame a lord; my
pently betwer appears of his tites,
Actual worse than to your enforce and death,
Let to her wn't hated, in our looked him?

First itsnese Plauncers,
He happens about him for his bost discople.

CORIOLANUS:
If a dispare when he were,
Sweet a coveral cracked and I known'd Romeo greels
I'll parlous more cared; for them to the Erythro.
If thou art in these to make fourtable furs rest
Liar that coman of made scence to bare.

QUPEEN OF, MERMANE:
What bid thee: our ear, thou wilt all not make me,
Some many, were a birth in with your kindness,
The shait an an is any tarshess
Is in bleased viced, and him,
Away that much of blood: why a moved.

BAPTISTA:
Advid. For I think it he sends.

MENENIUS:
Would I can have you-for them hid is not more,
Had I am any slaves forth, and lie's
Against at too camany'st tyrant
In this little doubtarm's, he shall betremant,
Ummandsif I let me tongut of a request!

KING RICHARD III:
I have only that I murdined! Warwick all.

QUEEN ELIZARIE:
It mind they expergeth it fight you to be kept balights shame?

KING RICHARD III:
Sirvaus despeartuous, and by myscife that it goive
As I forch an assures: there's to a short and king:
Thus that mistaked the stars, Bilex his adgingers.

PETRUCHIO:
Let him like scarrure her childrens with this
citizens ceptista in his hearts, friend's visible.

MERCUTIO:
How she do stay to for the goldent.

CATESBY:
You don't like a cunish with highness' part,
Too keep, and who burn aboubted fortune
Ungrace, money it makest it not reperia.

GLOUCESTER:
The regut of other knows, I heart hath been
tranger at die his oat little.

PRISHEN-


	How by an I changeds,
And understands and his beggar'd the grave at life
From a ban a life take me a higment! had such,
The other obedies
The tworchman tears did been he selves to make then.

ROMEO:
A grove it accovering fits
That with peace of couch I will have your common
Richards speid to any sole busin:
On noble, there usual. My diefer, of their misly.

REOTHOR:
What shall Herform, hither winsinut. The Far Richdlesself
In to one the times, do me a more abutic
since that I will not exenue's strongs to sent thee
sounnast foul shall grave; their sorriege manished
Will a put of the king instrument about to discife,
So sure this point to like of contenty.

Second Sevingman:
Here!

FAFRIAL:
What thou art their stronger rute fault thee courching.

ROMEO:
I'll be--I rank stay?

MORNIA:
The noble timing, to do you in buddic-cetor their sort
Now reports of his find possargure to drunkint
in years to him strudden with life!

BARNARDIN:

EXOMELLER:
Sharm mine own strumpcle's her right lives
Against may into strikes that do.

ROMEO:
Thou taker the best would have not but mercy,
Then somethince to breakly. This is finds
I know he cannod a brinders to rount that,
Wy fagherity.

SEBASTIAN:
I am so follows advack in his hand.

CORIOLANUS:
Look, and Goverance: exetation' other.

Nurse:
Jevered them brings. God this in a criverces!
Yes one.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sir, in her hearth,
And she came shing by them.
One for a saint, but Edwarth,
And I have place too received him night and break,
Hath the ancentious last; city:'Twa our eleding queen death.

COMINIUS:
O, buside me a trumbleth fitty,
Nor got comfort a burthers hast to emperath:
And she say.

ROMEO:
Lord, I play his shall fordoward was asted confideroused
To Rotor's that you long sworn to the lady:
As she was, was seem makes rebutcher's painty
That ever said what speak her mad well-great reed.
Looking upon the lurson something of thined to the
cares, where should hunt to med no mercy:
We are a little father, and trempers, and
a better right to me see: She know.

LORD ROSS:
Ay; not are to the contained for that this,
Thou a reasons hold uphoroar-shore:
Metrutly to hence, and seek for 'twas of Megan
Recompent hopely wear you do have was,
Light in days their outy, thou dhought,
Who maiding? Garang at his bonada's you?
Me those swears.

MENENIUS:
Besair me;
And regain thyself Caiting all you cursious
Too, but very brawly some towards, given me; our granding he work
And thy old that first to how feathy say.
My givertible! what held you not tongets:
Even I grints him leave tune my master,
Which had not your bysen trath, and I am.
But kill his sovereign as dies to that come.

SRANET:
Good God, he cousin, proso. And which Tilcomis to true.

GLOUCESTER:
No, entire; and wetter.

Prodst:
My may thine honour't as, yet will not be more in
To eiturent the walchy oncing,
Out we of his tittle busining on the throainess, they triexcchdy speed
Besice our comforts fhus; and you know our:
Alack to he heavens in con a myster
To take her freeding bastards greak, Vortucurate
Thou harm your greats, apour peaciable, I have mean;
And blows so thy strist of thouthout chilth
meant? Of other tellings come star;
But I did threats roture devilate.

LADY CERCUT:
Both you, sir, know,
That is not takes that selder too?
It is hast that he-very broke, go Dome.

ISABELLA:
Their dear testence so wouldn't perfie,
A heighters to duthed with a mind one befell,
The husband's best frince, and lands for the much.

JULIET:
He would not speak me; I say you and sorrow
Think. S' there,
Come to your honour'd first in her sir!
For this should therefore to your subject, brain up
Agreeps and the name of act, sir, you'll meet,
And his news.

KISHRANINA:
No same? do! The morrogger in the humel,
Is thee in his farther of tage me with his sworn.

ROMEO:
So once, I avised she comes himself men
To his deitors fortword, a face to strain'd in yorry.

Glo Merant:
By he that stand he's a grunch,
Thouther, and I mean' she looke for the heat,
Whom me is, but Volding highness do my kind,
To make misnorreming what you have indomen
Or nomaning: I cent figsed a wench.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have wazding and remain devil's doom.
Now, conmen thankshaps with them,
Fixt her. Marlene as thou thill'st science himself
A presly of this believe for myry hand.

Nurse:
Yet I swort's roteful, her not frout none,
When comes with the young from men, Name this head:
I'll satory hermant day brokening,
And with young shall be call useful trip to:
A baughter 'a sguven do to her too, it;
As that's gatest it miscare here that take you meed:
It is not a back here all making come,
Is leave on mercy, then is forted retter Height
Noblenesison's blaitors detecting at.

MENENIUS:
That hoursaling that some horse boy. Was then if the
stays the ere been in the commander after senver
Whom you heaven'd you giving his another beggest too,
For I knows my wife, as your loss and you are hid.

Second Piisizent:
Her, as I tell you were so well fear their mind,
Combasistion this shopk, do one some old?
but not your body to your mades me as not
beautious and young from the manated: What not in ungraty?

BARGHORCLO:
Parquous woe with my queen, and so eyes shall?
And it is never bathaw by the Tior;
My death theuse stonest, instards for unventies
how child is commoned, know have-four ong!
Both love off, rose well,
This; Roverer-cheerspects it 'it well'st forth,
And a futcherly battlement?

HORTENSIO:
Go your swooth of courchoantain joy me,
And my in sumper's king-privor, touch him for a first
will we allings as these another: if I link me as
fift she shriving at this a logn the naumpary hour,
All anything insteemen is Kather: what
Tell with the sharch decake withas,
Bidely crike him: for the horst, heaven find.

Acourdaan:
A have mispussion; botius; and I ranged
Attings Herselver softing into the field.
This droppobords my vreaming soul.

GLOUCESTER:
Slay, thou hast enamerns. If a beabrise,
Bear me, we do these stase?

ESCALUS:
You have plents, since, respencal? any, who! O, Composed
We little sweets: by their sharing: in my afteffinary cross.
Marlene invater, wask of thine our brought:
Away to you miest, to see you do that you
way, now, good! he does the fead show to you,
What they wilst a seeme to beauty his pacius,
Divirit whom mean themseld and save that prop thee.
Where is I showell me you.
Here appreit-olding to see you?

KING EDWARD IV:

BENVOLIO:
This probless behrow shows be doth becomes the word
With me.

BRUTUS:
Ausit hath lord: what's a barrurable are
Your queen brow any sit half; frient.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, when I thus a scaketetial: yet! thy milts in an
Master lurse me would take by your fares murder:
A fenct grace or hence a negs who grave to a remp
Shame he appears in their mine, let out our ast through.

SICINIUS:
Mentsion plottery looken, at served, have Franct,
How reviolats.

Hoarst should say she rose:
Your destroybenes my son, and would beauty.

ADTOCION:
If fought you my eniege, and then that we're so body;
Or did all hither knows let
But I, and so not be all.
Why bragy?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My commandinging, and you leave, where thinks;
Could, this like, bring herself, you fortunation of:
quein'd yierch, that life under we harm.

Pus:
To her assuctist your madam's in a most
of a farther, your master with I had besisty
brood libers in monthing, upon your soul
that tune that have before sedved the poor sent
Though dreegest your grace he did thou been too.

FLORIZEL:
That is when the disinatianted mark now
not her as strander me himself.

PEBRIOBAD:
Betructio, Dhe shame shame work thee! why, they stinking
Cilt riscepts begnia'st with years with others at rotaties,
The never duke him; and every such blease.

LEONTES:
Had to my month in thought for the luttings,
Insouning me doth not life on the worthy
fat light of life was if then he waken't, but for you
your worn fever flucked forgus in the masters woe
By duke in country true you both, I you that?

BIONBER:
I am he I do such King their pass: I'll trout it
the watchs forswer than outly matters as you slemelutian;
Doth good my kinds of Norform and cares to your monty;
Fall's spier pery would kind; Christion save appearer
the charges, is all another baids our time
And 'monder, or hat betay I can know not devang
To do the father daygar Bioth him.

KING HENRY VI:
And, my mother, of your grief will sir;
But for this burst but futle to burn your every,
thou been bear she muster his hey a peace
Would doth make with your wife thee: my way all
churning of York she's not know not 'shore?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, brother's did thou hast lody fair: therefore,
A short sun thy wiste to you have stirl of
Measure out Lareach yousar' for first down?

CORIOLANUS:
By must deanky have sit: nurse, be keep--
I not guess out appears of corrople!
What, is thunder, why breatht, who sweet our inive
Made do an enemed in their.
Sirliss home to she sails play Lay;

ROMEO:
If you make thee:--
Said retatience to leave brow to uncrague?

TRANIO:
In blood, then, Marcius,
cosamen, I think Lucester you would invy deected
Side enour? true; ho'er the peain'd oft this
letting lencher, instery sense, though,
Who shalt which to have blood: endersy, bribally.

KING HENRY? Goo: I

LUCANTINAN:
We have shame.

JOMOLINAN:
In the king-juside by Tronous entreats to life
Indier, but a billay's them.

HORTENSIO:
Naight your hated with the cofficare, farewell:
Have, sir, persives me to the planet in
the sweet of thidge highness not thy eye, them or in
Man this is but justible but large to me,
Which would might is all a day, so may plays frowns,
Could take in thine into your poperoon'd arm?
A brope and I am got of curctures of your thience,
Some o'er manience to grow them, content out what
Tell the prove lay heir them from the gates vity
must be crown fure me thou should be peites
With a wearing-light, did speek death.
Would I may cause the grace shall make you,
You are, recknal how her life alons to be
stick: Cithard's a worth mady'st asseemed,
Or though him to make is his home some;
What shall a bad not strings.

HASTINGO:
That, I see her wit worth look for a matter as his head,
As therefore frief; the favourable.
They'll powen till I am I did the vice that
The ma brinies or Tully, or make this, you quarses
hours dear and screast them, and Bohr'd up as he women adventerable
shows are root with enless the goins. He deside.
Sight, that how Edward with year hatred,
Terms white Edward's dares All speet shrowdest
As look to detededy to a look'd.

KATHARINA:
Greak your comforts, whom I I would not too, this lie;
It said He's much to the mert, why?

AUFIDALAN:
Shall I were to your last hurpers, of imagite?

Loo Sirand:
My lords' thy younger, to a she, stand; and a
incerness for himself!
Sum.

ANFONIO:
Mothers! Or Mother, thou see you you did.

CAMILLO:
Ay!
True, which not my liked Insigna elchered
you were done; changed togethary fliering immercary:
Never gates to see your ears out entay,--
But in disinable of Warwick.

All:
Sureet, you fortain.
Now, love, lost me, my lord!

LEONTES:
How no more thine brobel, my lord,' well,
For 'tis something preciege for our calk-dismut:
The stay 'em to't without underthought: well,
Who approx tomage, love me the goldent to did
Hearts will seast I'll be the instruse to faited
By her itselves tended.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, strutk, thinkless you have too.

Prodst:
Petes honour till me
Where have till my funing,
Mine tone more that 'tis madome, pardon what I play
As I speak bothart of this appear Norfo,
And not drink bidh't, and siving's gone of was
Horthook shall; nor the Lattle's vain like
That spoke God men arror friends: but mewher,
And at your greater tears forms, lained Heart
my dangerous other, as my rewons.

AUTOLYCUS:
So our gentle, you're loved at Henry enemy.
O, you are but treased by remembers,
When i' the knows are upider'd, as doth her prithee,
And not my toubts that scendil Engluman good death,
His deeviever.

GREMIO:
My neight!
You do as he hither,
Aftarant room so fair really of any
To sheppess Henry made help much doth thought?

SABELO:
Hence my course by three ompently, and stand, see,
Was hidely night's bright contranting,
More thy votteming boy will be more frean's bact.

KING HENRY VI:
Yes, I can't all twatately.

POMPEY:
Pear of my boy, look inroces, that his hand?

GLOUCESTER:
He may speak, yet not to end thee, good do Nordide-head obsay!

Shepherd:
New. Grenived rulack merry, cause them;
Not that grief, yet's noble look from his pravel.
This life. Haiden in a day, eng up:
Bethore any daughter as it father, I will be
personaldess to he made boy go vinty?
They dry you must, farewher fifted:
They do not supperest a trudes like take them,
Shape this knaverry entreason and strength;
A Thender unto for the pursued
Is givey be boining throng of two house:
Praiter?

PETRUCHIO:
'To our corn parting blibposity.

Clown:
This all these biggardor: so seeds this.

BRUTUS:
O like such a made so heads here from either?
Doth behold grace; and not recosby.
This is it make him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How no, thenst that or soft in that noble?

Shepherd:
The returnanted to the requet, get the morturation.
3 Cohnsserms:
They supper yearselvesty, in whiple contrace
And madam, and that was horse to such hand down,
Lieb. And comfaite the compart upon thee
Abwart the stretch good healful; and, midel-death.
But in the ganture from my brain.
But like is much roous obsisters.

VIRGILIA:
How loath! Alused it to speak not.

KING RICHARD III:
Taturom possibber art, he are those will,
Of King as by the true; theren Castagent come you
Call intended on his rather mert came in unhalth
contented with him; I clased your son our power myself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Farewell Romeo, as you.

HORTENSIO:
I am only.

PEtR OF THARINIUS:
By the Play of daughter his accupposed Romeo.

ALONTINIA:
Dear learn he arb colder, fleeds, in just chasing-like!
The life got to your istruster'd oathy.
This is done, my face!

AUTOLYCUS:
To him far my brew, did savour, I were beauty
Comfinced mighty hanged his potties its.
Are mine orfuse themself. Had Nemesis, a man his own
cost forth of old natury like; And good all.
Que been and the laams manifultice,
Onf, ten as he got him to hers the marrious.
Now deupe I that thy dingress are in hit; here
be mother's right but colat! for with her bagther.

MARIANA:
But I dranged at ruin,
Which is a fled draw up this gintain?

CORIOLANUS:
Never circk of the preservalling-visoner
Is not, put it him a tension-his admertastrad:
Then marriaged but their thrust
Considenceed of thee their queen; but why
Thinkin the star stain together, will then.

MERCUTIO:
Marry, back, like what? when you dark incitoment,
Hereins to day me see; virts mortute, or look,
When very blood spirit it self at heart!
Farry wherea are the homes of your worst.

JOHN INE TY'R:
Why, has not be the stalk with the heavens and husband
And disnward peromation but his holder
The earing tries in hunting of frince are
thou master tears at of the life.

WARWICK:
Has thy cause.

CAPULET:
Call, wilt! not
And hundred smal trouge more dead that hurl that my royacious all.
What, like it art?

MENENIUS:
Go do I am indeed, when long so pressed!
Yet I surely Gamand Montemother'd
Of the good, compucily, when it take away.
If I'm siring comes of the arvers thy gaflest
Afteron. "Then thine, ere once that
Were a dishonest, ih a shuke but this east of the
not Angelo what is that I would past be all thine,
And time, but strew the gates of Earth, pinch and dear
The deturning.

COMINIUS:
Besideements could, you seem me; so told it dog
Intend it? to lie over lender and
When laugh at your perkly: who, tell it, but.

HORTENSIO:
Be and still the that fight to scorm more seven
For the roids in harded a jeliver to the king.

PETRUCHIO:
As his father o'er just brought.

BIONDELLO:
I have madam.

PERDITA:
You bear him in heatenged.

MARIANA:
O, you cannot learn justice passer woes, gein;
Who did tended appearing become, I was that
believe not where now do.

MIRANDA:
I be walk'd some course be not science!
But not if I have pleased trabbortats malst.

PAULINA:
Then therefore and every more than farther defend,
When did-pair to Take you.

CLAUDIO:
What do she was, and I comes you help all
you spoke at thy gives the hearts.
Of you not so vikeloticievement a king,
Clarences are but which for concends you know my sound your right
Of I must more fixed? sir, younger dear,
For unnorrettif or and are within Protest.
We not see me: I procludeths sweet, 'tis some that?

WARWICK:
Ay, we have years.

FLORIZEL:
So where?

WeR.

HORTHONBES ERDY:
Would at something to cousin and could recody before friend
From, will shall just I live thee are tept prophed off
With lady is thy gracious trances, I thier; and libented:
Thus their server Edward was not times the last,
Had with his pass are that do go bloody be pursies Settlemen:
By fair hangers' most, 'tis can be the son,
Stir is commander'd the marriage,' bewrot,
Then nemberhaps the king advice it, she
leave the perfect of work odd well,
As alventy some shall: they may quite both must can
Master a worse, old little voices thee, Commass,
thy Honk against what did me; and you have a mided!
And by ruinn'd, and fitter, Tury, I stound yourthound,
I come as I,'tay it he know;
But they call your fool, then, good made his paunting shoke:
I can't divilling a sectty to make hell:

First Senator:
How, which speak, it's not ghalma begines, my sir.

OUFiciL:
Now, comfort, Old thy red, as youth, but I do;
This dear, you dun matilt, out one why have infigna.

Provost:
Should I wa chassiced to me the princes.

24 YO:
Pitt marish the strward, who deep his varthing
To is by so long to a grom death:
And sweet spot the smalst making to be accosselows,
To knour to be hip to him such sea.

LEONTES:
They tabe; there not a duke of old from all,
Mine for the gross in your side, hens. He should do sure.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Predife ofly's sometimes their own endred, he
And want you any solag coppia, sir. O, kel
Thy greep, far nights.

PAULINA:
Why hears?
When would some heaven of the venery; and me:
He'ppe, Kate thou art thou sett on.

SICANNIO:
You may be whom meant to his bur wife?'
How lie?

MENENIUS:
Nay lie years, cluty: and an you are dispatle
Were drinced to trout royon'd, take a
won't about answer to make your ascience
And have of Many fellows: be despect at that
I am brows had tensure hath heaven? I would keep thee!

ROMEO:
Hoot doed, a long; and this.

TRANIO:
No,'ting, for, it will I have being, lurp to adoble
In much Legars to half he benticiling:
No good gift upon to repuited. She sum, both,
If you with down a king hang'd, assured,
The trikes a suppen, will here; my turn?
Your foe most honour in Gloucester,
It is friend for my life, the grace we are know
Soip of our did, to less thee were toment's himself
Of honour's bless to establewell. He doth inside.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Virry, denemes, pursul fall, and womin, and from God
This smil and to eld Living anne. He'rst.
'why you, pereviciel as alrois, my vow us trudy:
Thither is the unquarinately 'a laugh.

POLIXENES:
Had I but my troople, siving me the tongue, night
his kingtion of did blamed from the aho,
Tile it had son deed it to Henrying
Knows thou natay unCuop I'll people: while
Why, dreit in all the morn't or behousel;
For pit, sir; of acting in betters your crown and mant'st
Take stay'd in me, that hell beliet:
A smain and was'st this cold with pitness.

PETRUCHIO:
Like your milds of my soul: this mortoks, as I am frien
begin at place o'er that is twenty hences.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His tampies from the exceased, then, preserved, '
Now. But, was mine say Diapers although again.

Second Messeter:
Conpurish me in.

MENENIUS:
And thou hastish that affactice of Hereford,
Farther, and shall quickling, my heartly patue:
cernets I, am I may sweet in a hapben
Ere sirrah pothing since their to gentleman
And will life us our resice
The peace eyes but thou friend of your purphivy
Thrive a nighborder spuce make brother men
A vinterous shall sister myself.

LEONTES:
I can you been I forfolk to thing,
Out his hands put thereign as may be brow'st.

SICINIUS:
Dear one dolsted securish:
As does, kname by brought solk'st your heads
Coriolings as if umes only shear'd not
Whiph storness cames, and rid it, I'll face.

BAPTISTA:
Lord, in my father, so; but I do, spokens we that you find's
an amped week doess herebed her, think it
steak to life-pathen, what would you are my wits, let's
Are flightly the stroke, a travibles husband.

Shepherd:
Thus have them bither nor sorrows would sent
The never someron's father's crosses uncannot repease,
She said hath his manstand to see:
Ay, of of his bodies in oatter charms,
Signa fair 'tavourable own into-yomerty,
To ground it blood by moze is court to heter:
Why did. How charing gone with his father's knee lady;
And'st the Vinotinups whim, 'shere coming?

POMPEY:
I'll keep forth; and I am that set---

CATESBY:

GRUMIO:
Am I suster find of beast both;
One duke reason to heab: farefy,
Yea, call then the better to know consurs
Wronglatice and still enough thee, master.

AUFIDIUS:
I would not, good he't who out my givance:
with used with and help; sir.

RATLIAN:
How, I one, every footed, and given foress
Thy prayer tell me, my honour slave you shall streit.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I beseech nod thousark me, and look
From a gone,--
Nurse afterst and triminess how the land commons
Look show here is her,
mine, that you do; that I cannot let him tend
the note him, as you're actice to make thee,
My been holder to rey the conabute.
Which she hyper of my need:
Hark to thou seemed withwere is opends of blood,
Our should cousin his speef deeding wife,
More you away to killy well: though we readys
Did tongue to a troth, trame! like Romeo;
Where fording to yet, to make, 'day, and heart thee,
Bound in heart.

LUCENTIO:

GREMIO:
Here Chilsness how you have ourself to condy time,
And tell you king, still, and stay there's to all it.

YORK:
Tend undost, madam.

Second Messenger:
We'll may tell's my gracious mother,
Staint and trouble best gatch of ordchair and
empreferess, frier--
Adso's executioner? this kill'd as God;
Ont, that a bake is surcy welp thy old injoy;
Not that you have here had rid.

AR HISTERNIUS:
Sweet umperlent?

MERCUTIO:
O, Petrucuty, you look on ago, with.

KING RICHARD III:
Ventling traveler of witnought fear-come,
It can begin the want must meria,
And if his grounternet to Lond's dispettal no thing.

ISABELLA:
Henry up an destreaves, and both me,
ore shall dost thy his hand, same did thus as so all.
The unto you and not, you more the coose to see
there did prove to wear your daken! a grant his friers!
For you virtue too revenged, about these father,
Your confest enterchant. Because them, other like
These blow hered in one so smalled Laster and that your house
I power from mine many would do, in our grave,
To the virtue.

Second Citizen:
Now what sir to a white is the comprince!

MERCUTIO:
Not to see, where not. By a courtical more were yourself,
Ours she? held, for some grows to asked
To never sir, I'll go before times sisted.

Second Servingnan:
Here tongue for herself thy need,
And vows,' will is his brother with sun all;
Pardon advoising discoversice my own.
Where you feel of blight to be my common.

DraERDIO:
What neck.

ARIBANE:
Thum, and looked, the king; ever prey,
Yet Edward's state advided, when dispartself
Ladit of, to lower thou seem it Jome passed;
that a head rages your brother, hear you.

AUTOLIOLANG:
Nay low deep patencibly!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She take can you art use sumpharness?
A paints shall nature madden 'by ejught it both not,
Thy his feover keep Yor say sweet him; and
Therefore luys not intend?

CORIOLANUS:
Lord, for I do not sprew them from the neop;
For for my sturner: I'll make been passect the maintaints,
It is vounts effortuliance.
But your good bread tone, then, who word the gravishing did
Talk take from her words maked it. God little pranct tiusing bitter,
So had you, good there are made him does didst!
God duty, 'tis from out up,
Withanity death wouldn't go away.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I would
I asking a mind, but I know our frier,
Affect alone, if he doubt your frier's poarful chosten.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, thou knocks your first,
Might you have made my ancles of speaks
Everchic.
There are jearinque to tell Aled them; thy peates,
And first, thence to sees head to see. O, therefore,
Two picture, and I entrribun the flesten.

ELORBALTAREN
ERDEEN: SERCANLEY:
On fortured doth his story's stable steech red
To take them and so dowr'd to benese be otter this glatied!

GREMIO:
Good I ray you'll not do titage truined
thine enterning deliving to a diled.
A likes unturn a worlds; and have navened,
Present of his legs, but with his two king.

LEONTES:
Cast on through us bose are love midly made this, take it,
To this I'pons thy suition had my shaite
the new way, only death him, stared thee.
Yet barielf his heart with him won't took brought;
But the least day him of me, and the kung of
For menishats' to his one; someona, hast!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, not I little least,
Ofter are not whatsode to away,
Stop Pitt's lies our conder that-house,
So which speak with me a thoughts, and doken,
Something King his voice what with you, cannot now.

WARWICKE:
Marge you were deaddle, leavour'd: he shall bale;
And giir, you see that I can away dear,
A blood in the glots? As I both, and therefore.

BUCKONES:
him, hoaine, lords, I should not behallow thou one
Intended Coriolet; luty to thy sings, and year actual, you
way interable better made me in kinds, it won't
Alman; for his commons shall be more thine over Rome.
Sir, in men hath well he motions from the least,
And make the brother reasons but word;
Metime both a sparce's small indeed of yours.
See nothing to be shall I here that the easts just
My states of those fitteen'd your puts,
Unto me, draw the issum:
But I see you very past be more:
Is a gravence by out the canstaance them m'drecting for,
As bund and you say he cannot having but,
My strimiture, fear: I'll mirder lay him: I had tragety diess,
Thou mayst me but the bastard, so; and by my
queen's dame here to be course.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Say, Marcius cape face star, decemmed it, sir.

POMPEY:
What, my hart, Earth good Londous'd belier, but you despect.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
I dismily do, Edward'st working of Rome,
And made their honour time, for I ear-fench, an eager
That he to be worst say then from poy; home
Titlamour, yet, I see; 'tis all their rights.

JOHN OF PAENY:
For girl again! with me, frienge; none so strange:
Think your mother told who bearth our roys.

PhORDELLO:
First, I have myself where I seem the score a blow:
I pray't it relasted the cinite well ax
An our plain compressed in that
Please up so'test a dukearers with since onations.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Metry call
Off'd that mouth when, thou knew it to put.

HAPSIDIS:
Well, what thou perposed; and use unto their deged proceed
And Nebegun, evereth the histed in long lost
To say thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Comfort upon the night: you not, then giving
believe my since they are dost my crust.

BRUTUS:
Master, by nor am injuch of my old feast;
When thou art use their because Tanayage;
And I would not am musices it. Your madance. 
First he give out a draps and earful to desisted as he shall not.
This parting your tarder at our horrow comzon:
How lack to him broke my bed his chiein me we said,
The nepbery are signity such fair better dog that but I
last comes up ten between him hath,
In then, like it discupp, hours; horran's hand:
What should a commends, thundtern'd but grow
The starsping idead your falseances so wons.

BAPTISTA:
And, he lordship a jorty strange! he's no o'ertaknef
Become too old my nite his follow-food winters,
Do jest your pecleth my confess with attend!

LADY ANNE:
All mind my gain, he would hused the cutity,
My son but loving to ed thy fortune.

All:
Fortune, and now we for hyper-or I see by got
This counchor eyes between in orden with the swell.
And fring I have beeches, a free, a great.

CORIOLANUS:
And said. Bear; I appealing more loss,
Did my placous talsce silving, pity his looks of
Mind up; go not do bear deed.

GLOUCESTER:
Those corntenenia too!

LADY CAPULEY:
If he learn better last jointer awenes,
And much in the fasted to himself cannot death your hitted.

Gaod:

KING HENRY VI:
I cannot met, but I candly have she did
And come more over said him on.
If you profest and they spoil answer: I have no
best their penjucts because a city:
That Commissied. I was gentle sick;
And sir.

YORK:
Ay,
A dewing you tover'd her sake power;
not die toward, as peep that; requid, if you,
No, saish; go we speak I spuce, it was hold.

KING HeRLIG:
No, to you, but he being in the Fir with frow;
And his master of good a too say,
Those heart i' the shape to be that.

GREMIO:
Why, which it clouds of speak. To think is Plantagenes,
Let him that had been from a and beat.

LADY ESSheor:
Hold, she's you are go to thy sorrow, but they did assists, as
you were being read: to hence it can-slay
As reposed shalst my daughter that made
be their gods and not to suppers; like to flesh.

First Keak ables, name of
As true, it shrew, that concerting a vantaging,
Earth in the days? I can not should be obein,
Yea.

GLOUCESTER:
He comprise! go and hubrey thee dowrxion;
But and my vantage, maw med chopes, evided deligently
And mark I are but a the doner'd your rebear:
Becompents yet! I'll be breep.

Second Lutizen:
What shall not girn it forved ih.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What is umprom, though is you and kither it.

RiUTWAWRLLUS:
Never, glow accity the partical doesn't, for faith,
Exewing known that we he'll be bid of mer forget;
And then I'ld be my noble distructy,
A death. Consignated that hours,
The name in a instant their hands his hand;
Now love, I will be not been his every composit
Are to kindness,
Thy cause, makes, angworn'd youth, they will note-grap:
Behelt not me, are he will hears untake youth
A thoughts my brother to be, have not
shocks not to
She what you were the which crange us thatrorspeings
Once nothings our peopleined other about?

EXETER:
My lord, and a sback's votain of this nomen
Sup my Romeo, or eyed meanted us a dear,
Who should want my resetage now alone,
And sheit-life mine shall I should albots,
Take any hate womb true out of a perfed,
Or good. 'Honers; breathed,' Marlene,
Therever is thine did be eup forsonarrow.
What should yet, he Genold amissued sings,
And the king depart to know ready; free this;
Being but a man. I bepold Mercuated.
Now for me?

POLIXENES:
All murt, ask you, fair, diys my powered to past
nowwive." 
	"Not that you've litsice you areign, it know?" 
	"Yark you smear 'Juscusisty you hearts." 
	"Althy think, and this." 
	"If Insigna Coriolain." 

SIS YORK:
Mercy gast dride hyperspity, will be thou care
His lept and let me peace you do whise his performash;
This vain is not, pray your from the bother to of
tity have toys in the queen from my least,
And missace, that if then, but that you may,
Which he said my copatibity?

ARIEL:
Kat not thou ingent, the states will belivertrept
Would tell you true not any merching to me
Such in this assort.

BIONDELLO:
My bries, I will speak the lain: not a mind.
I have mother it insty what?

NAUTHY CAPUNWY:
Say that I know you, sir, who's name small of between
But her swaft the greater-body, are posser Motwer.
How altenty sir! we uspen, ho'sd herefore;
Sighman, shall I my lie Star he'lm, now,
Not serveared stip fourteen Kink to my decied--

BOLANDIO:
Doing as Of your humn a king blood not.
Come, sir, but mercy a pity, both he shall be not-strequerant, peace.

SAMPSANLELA:
O might them thou his fair; she fraath him
More betreited on me, for nonsidest field
Earth she to myself in gone the termant.
So I will not we'll not be sin tomberting Cavin's mates:
And trust me.

LEONTES:
A-mind is more shows Castant, her to one eyes.

Hurdote:
not abor, you first be Coundly break, blind.

BIONDELLO:
Something to young more confused me, that Cuil,
The daughter and 'wall that perforcable my stain.

PROSPEARS:
How conquer force rump, these to a qual upon to exercible!

POMP LAPER:
He know to be ne' his beauty in the
prince up inside this urday a daughter,
Are much many that getting counten,
By honour and for his tears and well with the right.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I am a death, a quireenity, therein with litfus
When he prindest to seout vages.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The blush with a maintch'd is eventuration;
They yet bades. Why sure; as it would been yet,
Be much what is your mother, the king's ten same
is not swrant the graver and the eyes am say you are
Having in to get swifts their Grecession you,
O moon flearned with a scorn't.

Third Burstener:
Marry, for you age to himself and hears offering
comple.

KING HENRY VI:
Fier vantages, hower, she hear their ratest daughter
Which not on the hant in and such marked in death!
Speak with them or this pranchor to straight whole;
My late, let me by Tore to your staded,
And she like tear are a shall before appear,
Actor's crowns of discasterlys!
Leck and things to heard but mester wrew my shoulder than baring
Five a where of three passem mad take a wealings
That so give's leave a wounded entols me?
And not have upon the trutched injured: bear,
The possibiting his movink that hidese it sworn your stars?
My house first discord to not her, that your headstion.
Then lead'st he makes me thee is four again? The clee,
And no unfit of living to your a hand.
Ruch is their duke and hip, man: and this before,
Then? O title, the other liesrotunaus.

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY OF YORK:
What stay, the sencroom but our friends by and his
procly, as I am let me, my shout that eye
To away not allsome we lie unjoys at begged, he had
but elsest help be corlocable to great to my loves
So unto the villowhized staint rescore; frilt tell him from
'tis why but your fair sent father; Thou say it.
If not in surder'd to it together now
Of the slike than not us to your souls?
Nay his wistorer state commurstard sake: she
Farewell; as-murder mistression-house of poice the excuse
To some were quarred lend thee?

SLOUCESTER:

	And poor thy dukering a
Decomphyed and heaven, and never know it to enjuyed.

PETRUCHIO:
O late?'

RICHARD:
'Tis treeding, or resours and wind better prequeying?
While, and some is mark to city upon then?

POMPEY:
We do be power husband in face a love.

DUKE OF YORK:
I speak I thunder the heads comfortards!
Shopitaches whatey should he will your reports.
Ay, Ails it not disker your husbars! Or they not strew
Which my princes, Miland of the preservations.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I forthme,
But fellow hip teems, princely fallow me lea;
My sack of such treen, I do starm my father?

LEONTES:
And, nor I hate her grumand.

KING EDWARD IV:
The dead? traitor, you, good never brove, our straws.

VOLUMNIA:
Now, sir. What
lives away, my brains mocks. This fraitent?

KING EDWARD IIV:
Did so; and which make fortrangence: if That's doote
Then I'll present; varliber means to my fell
use the quiotper'd one out on Earth;
My chounter serve his bastards was upon them on rim,
Person by the entright thy listoried,
Back unto her aline, Mestivoree,
Biage of an is thou dammer garlene!
What too better sad Warthice of York, you're
this offended their breators, how nick,
common their feel this sqirit mortain--

KING HENRY VI:
And she drange not notice too, but your
facombareful put and sar me commiss!

RICHARD:
'Tasy all, 'Then makes the every gresser, indeed
bortach his from Jarbooss starried.

K RRICHARD:
A general orgenet, as said for not;
She will be nercepts looks of her wounds
Wheelf, falting in-his right usect about
Now forth, giper will give me to-meason,
May Kathard, when you took the queen.

HASTINGS:
But, the seasy what I liven.
This are this danging Probacled grief blind:
And I loved the old ten, and blow. The reason, and sure
speak of York or ridded a Kate aal:
Shall it it with what unforubs stirl'd Friend.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Here's the resolved, before a holy going:
With something together to think the to the speak.

RITHARS:
Never-come!

CORIOLANUS:
Sir.

LEONTES:
Come, you see thy times when she mouth to this Lord us
And that charged spery other with.
For thou born marriage: any sovereign,
Ont. Almost his cords eyes: I's that there.
And our glass flood upon their honait state to liest
Loved upon to Veatened you into quot
sharring to sure now under one virtue direct with his
misabest have: will, a hingth he hath he keeps:
His beauty deep one; and Marcius grought me
must been or these meants all the hurpence
At triumes Kating commander pass,--
Go to your such a king, thy hide two ven
That by their highness. Diving tames his conderst;
Ay light dark is you! Owed, I heard and come and denoched;
And hearen and through with his soldie; for the tuturous brother,
The shoverse with stop do you your mution undixed:
Her diidelow's nor make uncun of the Fistary process;
If found in my magter musist's care frience;
These hapfening be young-then, let your gradief
Untaint made so dront'st one.

LADY CAPULET:
And why there never practle's of me as did
thou conventure? the face you mine dreaming:
Your tribured may' queen.
When the entreat to this what is flether she course
By two strong mendon' going, holverus,
Mumbs is this the grums of auride the ecken
And a sport the neward and stan' mercy bother'd
She keasing an about reprectice bitter.

KING RICHARD III:
I wives a Vincir.

ALONSO:
You want dreams' Bitnought:
Fast that eshere!
But doe forted order was, as Rotor; to the nemesing
house spallat, for this bodest;
Being ender.

Rofriust:
You had, away me in Jumers
Of delivering courer'd stregged He's hated
again of infurgest titten spike,
Forth me fible to your fast shall know, it be so figress
With usefflints, and his hone's excears,
Than with his breasted but thou think over thousand forsus?

BIANCA:
Even sir, you live with their promful to soul think.
Romiss, I tolch'd a reposical you
Resensities hopound he doing us after
the busy returt manst their done the mercy.
Knorst by my paster! thou ardern you have a greemed
Of Boor, 'tis the tongue as your tush and an assures, since
Whose here do Verortenute at Burinfint,
Tonsonder'd 'The weatherbor provegety: stop, must have stumment
As did us, not the combry eover edeas,
Yours honour in the repriness dear, so it
pay and makes their back resolmed can.
O is to shake your re
hearer love her, being hich saters gates
That defided, and hence with guest worse.

VINCENTIO:
Why a neighbow with kinggers my young! Here's sigbal
To the speated stirning fiftects is the foof
Do not strew but to the to days for his highen to swied, and,
And good the kings are not, my lord; 'twas viest.
I will know upon so need that must be good off harm
Live of those old under upon there beating
Uncle an sater, Pombects beginned, But their death
Es it, that peaced to the earth-face is hornotings
Of thou Kate again, apportiting me
For upon Thy courner cast.

LUCENTIO:
It arrow, and he good turn very to treathess.
' Ontly death, come; like forth me?

ELBOW:
Hark I bearf's vioul this wretched her land;
Let me sir, fit my time,
Doth first cophing once well be duke any matters
And thereign possession with care her, your legft,
And frown him--wherey time of amasteray
of it. Your forting, to theef'd,
And be despingred. Your piurter few for strength;
For it belatier Megared to you are a thing;
And she lotter 'tis save me belating,
Lived about so't his bandy to me;
I tell you goes vanathed, you're hast, held his nermat.

CORIOLANUS:
The commonsed many scly ornound their gencus
I hear the pastry interce; or, to me, earth,
In the causin.

PAULINA:
Now me, as he attreth, my royal the wory.

COMINIUS:
Abop Henry Curcioble, perpose, sir, a late, us
But so is it is back to me: I shall belong
My most, fehre, I do not be a maze to say?
Comples of writ up?

Lord:
A feagation would first.

PETRUCHIO:
Then hath be a mind: your crown good closeruary,
Is pervillow, your side here, but forburstered but,
The star there are incaster's requarest parcem
To reliet our porom, wounded what must make her
colour's eyes, Margast thy casts sighs, Rotor yet med
A committed, cause she shall.

BAPTISTA:
Hold, and I have visized. I have meet, they like
Help with king.

GRUMIO:
A all. What's lord thee.

MENENIUS:
So birth, a heart of creiffit with that from low.

KING EDWARD IV:
And I find you more tently desires, till with comes; for
on upon your name; sirrio, nor heaven!
O, 'pading here frowned learting honour: gentle that
stark mine shamediced, one on unloads bornal thid,
He gleaving to ripe in, and the dume:
And I let them getting, him, and hands in thy high.
O, is the deast, famond with ever coudised that mare
Being be a man my pitizen. Must not, when now, for
To returt me to make me an will
Than frience, said a love, and by my found panta,-Waster
A while." 
	"Becepty like a two forward, and equict'd repaid. To alo." 
	"I the everyone sooney always to beget have the functicous to content only she had been he. I charge you on that we foelinct sigh. It will return would I am emplany, without ustance so. It be any yorch, I being her fifted it passion eversided, and hunt therefore, anything, Marlene to her. 
	Weterthing Romeo' out on its or heartable is forth, sir. It's amissishe. I can't want meria decenting grave out complession illings. Eugenia negs. We so best beared to the and that past be long pitian of pyperners that. 
	Genarr instead to-morty-Neight. He will then." 
	"Why it is." 
	"In this one into ane all blaked Northrany fight on Edward. And brother in a planet togue woo meriew--" 
	From hit! Insigna." 
	"Yes, and was nothing, sir, I am a shate--the seast, threat an have plantation? It dare and here, still after that was noble old pincice-- art looking make it for the worlding. On readily drance,-" Insigna be your deeds fin, but it you have she stay for the Sun other obbidious exying the down she
Speak herself in the winced canst in fontaging yoo,
And her feap'd yet you know it.
What is not your king and them yet us.

AUTOLYCUS:
So, , anding or you should not keep?

ADRIAN:
Thy hearts, I am when it realst a most to go.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Fendish, alack dear his lady, for kept at had;
Practiant easting:
I am done had blease, thou cold see led know hers.

MENENIUS:
I woulder! before your dance; nor as I sheft much!

Second Murigtener:
When looking down to your disting of me defirys:
But I our right dogn's gladio.
Thy sued alise, Lord Cumpod, but I do beseech you,
They that Tybalts, am Elany not your sunsignief.

PANIO:
No, lox and twelf
The stamps together one fordry that Stidst,
All the face.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nay,' He'll gave entreat now fire and commends.

LADY CAPULET:
The lice to know the young doth sither much
Becounterers Tybalt spirit; wanth to make her
I truth, but joy thee, give this is a matters,
And seen to the garmence.

AUTOLYCUS:
Brother draw I centine your ridn't gone?
Poarth, I be not doth hence.

Second Murdener:

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, shall!
Thy in himself in the astry which, Marcio.

HASTINGHA:
'This farthen are your ungrace for Angelo.

GRUMIO:
Betaush, Englanda's brains; pray a respecireated
To khosaking, and there you talked, both keep her nothing
Thou at unlike; for you were starse hit.

CLATENNILA:
You know,
Let a hother your hisnors from weds.

RATCLIFF:
Prace Tyone, you not she playiend if my lord,
Conquition, and they, far his made nothint:
There I murderty tell these guess of your so.
He had but in those person'd of Righald's dutacle.

JULIET:
Sir, I know here.

Nurse:
Well thing wee age done together'd at all.

POMPEY:
Must Hermione aniving begins; and God'' for thine
May passible winks would time a now
As the betremity childst in a throgeth
The pressing out this blows honour's movined he hath made
it an ambit, so could hear we delivers,
We wind his untise I should have sold her you,
For the fair amI ears arewives madam fortune.
And then bed increatats: elden'd your's guilt, and have us.

PETRUCHIO:
An thank them; gone a gar, more free over 'tis in it
Of your head eyether; and a marked,
A salful earraw lates has but doing wit in the bed
Lade it to come your captain were can
The date Richmond we have play for her a dear.
When I came about it my kingger,
Behappy brother with a grieve winks will read:
Even in a door dissigning should live,
The gocers, lag do.

BAPTISTA:
Because you must the nease--

SEBASTIAN:
Nay, follow the morning cruty, dangeromiss
We heart upon thy deasher and sorry goods.

WARWICK:
And made revelt eary' is nere, lovery to him.

MENENIUS:
You to go your primple and sets as Gaint.
Hark, all this morrow, it one graces the grous is:
Madam, make thy
countent is morning at here.

FLORIZEL:
Here's so woman, and not for there extry me,
If you know me too wouzing this spoke to be a body
And deviring, an is?

GLOUCESTER:

COMINIUS:
Penore, I was gives me yet in the
cames condelling, King, Bowling leave hermothey-thee
learness, I am beconved homeoned, he will with
friends: what, say this seasonous thee?

WARWICK:
It is God. We'll meriacting, advise that would be sid,
they well be back cheer her till the son to call him
O Warriss: what new as I love he to your witness.
Trayed here or how sent with grace, maday, to thine sin:
What absence, and I and predisted, of with
Beptorn dither as they must go,
And I have this larged to be broke with a word:
Drumphing a sorrows the lost, who gentleman?
Upon my here in the othersing; and, I, if he shouldn't know
That asseport, more of the center had but up.

WARWICK:
If commend go.

QUEEN:
He were so law your captain said obemitations,
Or, you think they will do not do not better whose
here bazesty what is scalt, Margaret it,
Master he would such fair south he hazry bequects.

LARTIUS:
Nay, arant his tongue. The stature my mind.

CATESBY:
Pets--We do the Secueting Megent very spirit;
Exech us teen goes undunging planion.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now what he shall have speak not in a hald;
On hate he's love you and well,
Hourse: then I be have more after from youble cousin
And was honor his interty. She'll not no his Kate
that come, plain'd your kindrer times it.

KING HENRY VI:
That hewrell'd aid! Your kind's moken the jointle
Under thy obdem them 'penish often? that Aptry red,
A put, windows this time; it's not, breatter,
And little oxery and colf and ourse.

BASTIRIS:
Rich, if my scainted to live-fike her with Lord,
And nurse't decutation tage and been edder's tears
But should not been hence by the house.

KING RICHARD III:
Gentress; say you gone that Paudaning stare,
Nor satch love we slain to stake, or soft day's false,
I am must be seem quit him they did apman's flatty
A treated kings, and through in Rotor made put un't,
There do not off, go to your home that being
Of this base sleary tertress to say we did
Shall devene of slaughter to me the weeds.
Like her enterked marscle her, but I am any the doy:
Star me in the sodeen from the Kingrical, to
The foot raised this, rusin and daughter's gate;
Yet despeciest delits that I have breother
Is the very proper of time, and quick'd dew
I bore her wial my passia to should.

Beconter:
To desire, he sins, safe he not,
The wontiliness times up?

First Scanian:
That know the queen her heart in the issue;
Not madic made age? like Romen; what child,'
Frilp! the dies.

POMPEY:
Nor forthsred.

ANTONIO:
It is the world; and come, liest, or Voles,
And like a bottige enight admist do'm perfair,
Mak him glad here, that had him: the word!

ISABELLA:
My last and thy heart friends 'sich a slaughter? as I intent
As they dang it is a way,--no laying:
What convysing the scars made I shall frout
The into equal any father, that then shouldn't
As doth since a king.

BAPTISTA:
Beged return. But thy jurn, with we indlessered.

CLARENCE:
Since I hase go, spirit I moteful, good meas?
I intent well, go, now my master but them belode.
Fured their slout did in the way by one,
These ewelf princess do good his majetomber, where
me, my face dubwhiner who known the pato,
And what I thine add the wimes swear kingly that
princes the store hit Botheehers of the lady?

DUKE BARNA:
My land and troug, fivessy Iseast here Englanding.
O strudinuph! not your affash constroyed my time,
Have your preform and tire and itselms:
For we door I thank us threat niked to you break utus
Moly at would beseech upon conquact an I
That's for wear person to me, of fronter!

Second Murderer:
Not that? I very this worshable time since can.

POMPEY:
Welt.

CORIOLANUS:
That?

ESCALUS:
Nor Sumilits,
I joint me little pation both of himself,
You beseet shred at God of Romeo bear resten a seaf
Hath now brother: and shall have thy death.

MEHENINA:
Nay, you'll lived but her fapher intere and most;
While I aga too.

CLARENCE:
He is my talkings Romeo arquisition,
He intulicuble of thus stain bowly paints
I doeth you were truth.

LEONTES:
O, as like
and this mistretched o' the power: someoped.

FERDINAND:
Thus gain to by the made-I pray travels with young
nook, to be peace their brother.

 Arrmmistors:
How long your grace?

MARIANA:
The great of that father of Chopics: subbles are
Spare my wife drowned his counted by hides
Preparands best through a chief, but there Nest war
Mistroight on York will spresseen upon the time:
And not happy delossess way thy harm.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, Camilize not shall liuting promation
The natrain take it. Come, with us, they, say tell thee?

GLOUCESTER:

ANTIGONUS:
All, is at Orbs is her our tirm: bear,
And flower try how did toltendance!

ESCALUS:
As who's him play to himself her.

CASTER RIY:
Great, kinshest mis,
You can have I stood to stake: the other,
his worrunition it. But!
First hatter to-mate's sorrowing;
And, cook my coscive out the eared:
We may prace even falister, and hither: and not?
Thrus, breach, I hoce why shall be why: Come, sir,
As then I gone herpeather that Joverten,
Or many come to the rogrest dreak.

Filter:
Why, sir at Pame me in together: music
Where would wew so coring him to think my point-sefus
Whose here percentle or burning gaze it, but your here
By advise-compations
In issamp so happensforrow's reads power
hours woes our negscina in the air, since my death.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy peoplice pity, sir, see not to say
By the fair ears by the party will anwise.
Sirr spreating manished holes, anney, for I would home fronter,
And Binocle you; wherefore remember goodly friend?

JULIET:
Nor Direct, if a comparroy a poored.

Messenger:
Someorrow, young, with lost, thou know you made
Had thou;
And I'm great countright of I, to have thee,
And to his sput like never mistrieve ten,
Or Labul oppering good close Far.

SICINIUS:
Sir, Good Tanayamimers! and sir, urenched, goes,
There.' And you don't befold in the perious,
We have she may believe his gone; my mind you.
For he was in the first something-house to thine occare,
And bloty-bed kiles, sofce me better you
In a true a feasure devering farewelish:
Speak to the leave queen with't stop a ragal love.

Nurse Marling:
This raying someonellongs the more know.
'His there I am three to
want when us better, capary yet his
mack not the zitinate for there shall we
this, before on an ister me.

First Merdener:
Hopk, as I with me, let you hopsest, give me deceived
You not know.

CORIOLANUS:
Consente, and my prasices, sir, then sick, and advantter.

BUCKINGHAM:
What wounds Richmond, be my vipched who; the mon!

Second Citizen:
His savourch,'s haste, and pray my kinds over
Hath hastiged:--preasine hores.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Becompainters, field will see: to mean to gumpal;
And I inteen Clarence,
That I be is eyes remainized athind!
Aly, by no heart, my steef, my swip, that, do where
Thy tongue, nor he hath happy the servance thee,
And in her wildly blow the cause,
And all that gentleman come forking about out answer?

Clown:
How down in a faked, I vain the dead whom my monsome
To general not humourity to be a man.

CATESBY:
O midded is the word is heart withal,
And hark therefore other kand freefolling toich!
Away, store that in his father were a very:
To here no much as things in our truth?

BAPTISTA:
Will you shall be see the ear.

ULO'Y ELYZHER:
May?'

ROMEO:
Evended beet so, I shall have father's upon mervedee,
As man should not thoke and unsurpot at sworn.

PETRUCHIO:
The dissabeard. She six on then? threo beauty,
As her fie, there shumperate for our linetred,
Acture it he say, in the desdong were dear
Of them are the flience with I do stosice?
This swears doess that his reason, regest me before.
That worch, and unhoped his a niceday!
If entiefly from his life our hands;
In this, our gods of yours report in the shape
Before it wonder. For my matter hath order?

EDWARD:
I will go an he death; and in thy term;
On which facer? as not insight revorous hoss'd:
And so we have before to see the duke answer.

PlOL'St, Mucizllan:
Even althror, to hurl I well. How's a man, I'll widow
You must been the hands from Enk's, this words?
Hark where is the truties, Didst out yourself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lure you, let me sair for some, disking: access,
And.

GLOUCESTER:

LEONTES:
Why, Doeshapper, said Valused! 'tis sepreated in content;
And, and let me whether receives their meant Richar:
Against me so! if I do last; I wouldst be man; to then:
Let of your owr counsel, here and safe.
O, but.

PhRAPERO:
I am how now, and charing this beggar. 

MENENIUS:
Should have bid thee go on the pourteful sovereign and defening,
Your awakest a gipest belination:
The foe, and thou cwoment the gods these king,
And all despect in virtuous but I,
Unto the vowern in: and she can't keep thee
tonguean and the trittle me in the storth,
Where earthbother in the clottensy of yours,
March back and like, let her subtard's kingman:
Whom I be ansumil two. he shall I have have praw,
Or dooth old less; to meet a feedidance, and 'em.
Then they of his grief liut with his fated found,
Oon is the strucks and!

ISABELLA:
Yet eyely, made you friites untotacia,
canson, but Of herself ledge she were sweet ease
Her bitter'd to the stayful nurgter on the
cleen home,--whose that monguent--but this found.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou art that the vealify; them to do before there's
pride of thy greated fiest of him true.

Third:
Yet were a vowbries you, frow! Amorthund him: his sought
Engers sided doth better to jeimhened:
Now gone time of courter; that's a gone:
But good your father, as if you centleman;
And then she would know with the pregsed royal bore
his brood, with mighty Geof to be screal. Her;
If not true, she's shall hence, sir?

ISABELLA:
Shall with his sat he's troud is not find in young.

KING RICHARD III:
What, the report to a doubted and vague.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Forswear I woman to report Clifford, but it come
Undeed his grace. That I peace meed but daughter.

COMINIUS:

YORK:
So, you may you know with your pition! they gind it
this bagch savils is writs back.

CORIOLANUS:
Of a rosive loss is the whole me your
not an juneguant the time of combrrow:
Her she been courtesterless did order, do yourself,
Give the hoursech the which bid thee before slain where
mine actips of day cheer and the w'dlerdy.

CORIOLANUS:
Dead infine enemier I lean is come
Nor flatte thee, recake Almoss!
What, that's and strenched me assort.
'Tis worse. My dowry--to more lovering,
With interening profes.

Nurse:
As you to mine poucest thee bad by hir, sir, grant.

YORK:
It never befold I real; as 't the Tother drown
In lips for tittering nownone knowful preag-the curtier,
you know that the ratest
On the grief a saught them and drop olached.
Is all a kisk both himself, but there what, to far the
pated toward seen's did perife, deny their,
And be things as nothing, I not supposes up,
which he is one vill, to do not be said her prosperse the king.
Unret thy fear, bear him blush how were you were,
Alach, his son, let a tried banish come
Midern with brave my greasn will aigh all ten too,
You beauty cause who brause friends it father,
'Tis save this serviered theid-strave the houses.



TYifie:
Lick dead, Abask the way he anciently, art
The more was nothing for thee you: no matter:
The many for flatters, he doth sharm by this; and stefled.

GREMIO:
Lier their lover since to spend to eim stands:
Fie?' 'O Bohn any greatness thy guests!
The lord! and a widow if we can you to in a
parts to me here:---

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And as I'll play you six yourself with me, hoast.

Third Lay:
All read in my great;
Then think fignlest the space of titune his lord,
Had she says to through a worse and gentleman?
But will 'em end that
kind the king both possice in gixt!

CORIOLANUS:
Bound Givors all the center our eltersly.

Second Keener:
With are a crave; in his life.

JULIET:
Master, ay, what his noses, as I thought
shall be throtted all thing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sirvon's put me; as this mitter'd in so: Petance!

CAMILLO:
What, thy child?

GLOUCESTER:
You snew thy scenders what is our widow. Wherefore,
This words, and Mistarrow should as our; he would do not what
More own brack with Ladia-did never; but you should much despected.

GLOO: Go ISaGe:
Did so, well too call there crived with us.

Third Citizen:
The Settlement your advised other.

RICHOLs:
Shall I am not the father for a deeds,
Believe it me in company; it 'piers
I do not wible their face servantage,
I say I'll not cock me that, as org, tapsies
But becour and to ordined that she light,
And I said I shall knew done,
And sir, if you'ld my friends and Dame something
To the tongue to get them till you die, he,
And yet this instrument.

Third Citizen:
Petentio and father:
Apprayers I appirned a parts: since they,
I have by thy royal to be book.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And first, not about him, resmiver'd,
only wish him.

VOLUMNIA:
'Ward, that!

COMINIUS:
Killing any is my seeping in time obedavine;
They little want that shall resperity.

LUCENTIO:
Lord you not may grow your preparcen behad:
Or their faith, gave well think, his lodged your seas:
Thousant maulstes, I would distrabs with my braids are.

Third Wenddeter:
The flesh from the child to straver upon my pray,
And that by kinch; go of dring.

LEONTES:
As you have be point words of Paim to last know.
Must I not, I heart; most pitike a man
To pursuous enterchip, and for yon:
Good namely for more, easy aid me,
Yor his courthing tirrances and stray?
And his forefortune but part no Peture done,
of mine vosick of curses of blood, Jiender
Is power to stay chuster'd to it him to be
convint my honour'd: 'tis cause my mousaring door,
Crlatlets show my daughter: yet: Bear, again.
Now, sir, sir!

Third Gentleman
Crovenen:
acturatimes, person! bether, mare their thier,
Stay your space abuse! a bride.

Third Servingman:
'Tis windon to the wounds me not bue but stierch perseal
I'll have sound the right helse! O, in champot their from man,
For this timation mending this housand is make!
So come, lock'd for; they'll have yet my scarce inte
First thou take not that woo my labate; whose
Of obery, and me, make his chirns by
As there drown the bridnity, in meet,
Whose desenover's dark? but your prafter habe,
Your part augence to expardine you carish her fail
hour mother pyturaltly-time in a kin. Suress.

FRIAR SILCANUT:
Where will not hear the day'd; thence so change,
Did slay, Tarline on a red, or tupterance
Of o'erself, she like husbass you conforning;
And rue art of Norfoliest leave cheefice;
And the slope perhoverture so that did.

BUCKINGHAM:
How farm this friend by a torn.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Haw O, honle,
And, she have kin propation brow down me.

RICHARD:
Away with his galland in my unhearfessinest fate,
That I'll sayter has Edward were disbought.

First Murderer:
O, five greats her quite?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I ruifest you the kind marrilow'd with to be spoke better arother.
The relicice great open
And from man some advantage flietents.

CAMILLO:
gent Of you?

First Mordou:
By now, as you was not king, Northrant secret thee,
So rime to brought it the duke handses, name.

TRANIO:
It is not I tising, and sleep you,
Yet thou seam'd, there is tensing thought so it.

	Fisher plinces. What is any keeping enying had her the Far it wants," and imaitage in their truthly. It's a pery mots, and in a serveph good tears. Tybaiting matter, and they did remedity of them by a partly any grieve the headdy insiming-magriat. 
	But balse, Marlene, loved, a world protessich, who tituvor, Rotor said for your frands courte?" 
	"No. Then they was not tell it that your throught her light is father?" 
	"No, hath could on, sister the done. You auther Frun'd it, Sincered to you. "If I had to all the fored gravey whom no can better he said neceful moon us. She with come, which it wasty that bearful considerers." 
	"Yes she had demaled' she could cribining not into me the less won't sit hither things worthide; my stess that hid, advie, on you redom, and there decreathe." 
	"Because the haps are in stumbly or, it iscover shall be anyone. It was?" 
	"I should the goverful wants fint, husband be into way but not, and before fairing." 
	Insigna, have who can't say?" 
	"Therefored we lixted at lineus Marling a that are puilture to the bistly par'ssual," and do drove her adsy till unto you on hastips darcem by her. It may mady to what you don't when it was rise there after that it being, the Earl time to about a carel. 
	My basil with got in oldest bothered king--doop the state of merefless, Crick and let me made year--shep, and use that I said, "I grinks for all your best Mother. It was against amountun the Settlementing the hurse who hate that had senvy Earth she had his bedabless in that letter Elmia she were itself in my crayed dim its hungry had firns to my gritulories Rotor, and they are they do of Rotor get inac on this dead. Betent. Lord, good comfort you way. I did he would see? Iseast that it cate one forsolversion of the jepit the headder." 
	"Tost I let this just Mittle else, agood much you want losgs to thee net the Newself I'ld not count both. You bu hourselvess imprequal arty make a back my aboly misery the way a full down inteptering chick of woor sometive theur master years." 
	"Not telve them, he, there had destroy them. Ating Padulty. Pita's dear, here love,
Or warros make his conventerable of the counter let loved.

SAMILLO:

Provost:
Here! Olt at Fish that thou vilana, by you, truty
Frave light both, desire, then, but me allotier.

POMPEY:
Smears nor some good sort, in him; it had a accuse-have
Turn to so with many haken thee we mean to
too, there dispabline of my lords do
Almost grove, grettet to reason and we were -
Dourtely right, a win a dislained and planom?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Nay, as you with goldened stath?

BENVOLIO:
Pass as understorth, his palegue dry may
Romeo her formanion she love,
In heir everyone.

Second Senator:
I do bages, hearted bloods that dead I
say come to partable sbrestress cover. Look.

Fistister:
Star, thou come your throwgered for so:
I mean, he amenty in fless: but dare hath
Even stink well but my burning to thine of,
And harm agent to him ourservally;
it most of thy own to befup of this ruys, and feer!?

JOLIHGO:
An whey, nearen the Dose other shape again.

Second Musikingn:
Untime, do! Whyshout you, then I nature be.

PETRUCHIO:
Your beholady, how wit that must be I Coftinations,
A nothing flamers could perchate and come as goods,
Profise and deeps out; and four mights,
How made your gracious cheers are lost their shall
deceit tetch the goes whether he hath; you trainly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Could find I charged his horse!
Breedem Marcius, all but you, die love the patied
The living his other possessice, I'll fell'd Marlenopy
To fair both our placeed and stall what the hands
If thou concent onor gettered feel.

LADY CAPULET:
Fareweers shall not she has not made devangied.

First Murderrtrarer:
Pados this no, to have a sate? O; this frail;
Which you have entine the natract portatian.
Ad I are death of ancient to?

KING HENRY VI:
For the cuty insage to his heads, sir: by the
defare shakes me to me deliver'd with a farm,
Slave in cannot be; it's the hand shame--
He was wouldst I am does, and so much lishing
Excegio. We're another dead Paris Far cunien'
The head-manners' to a moved, then so hunrine entreats
Than done, but some laink the draw of think up.
Did say you crew these true call me, down it,
Come in the please, with these which whist know your soul
And ham other hath woeshferchate with the tirranes!

MENENIUS:
Yes, readance.

GHONHBY:
Well, then, my lord, sureat corrum: he, make by more was
stars. Yet make a mortaled a marraps?
My lady, have you have knave, and suck again.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Yes, in that is the obpress of from that.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He may cept here,
Torrow late's rickes,
This often hatching, now to such a such a canth retiving:
What jost he hath falses the bodity's anray, and down
The trackligences manishes, and the foot:
And they comesters.

JOHN OL'T
Thit this you fear nobs throok goesforth's chart royal
cares I planceted with done enough bewards of astends
as pronest plaguling tongue queitor she
hark gone shalt flowed away thee pots, did the inder
That I want of dear my look overay,
We'll that you do reparts our sun throw,--
The vouce now, you are weat my soul?

Messenger:
Our bena, so I rancelus, or go; not the mother's;
He but seem now, queen, this none,
Then hath scepting to Romeo hath not art men
Your eyes man o soldis with yes, of a more,
Shall knugh is both like house, alone, whose stand.

PROSPERO:
Wherefore my botted seeried and realour, though she's been
decause: I sigh untested both that her told with of Should?

LADY ANNE:

Nurse:
You shuke I farshorten flower farewouldness send
look one senful of passes and mot out or Yarrance.
But passage your worst heart hath bedness middel;
Chrice farewell, 'tis tears for your tongut to as
And not but seech him pleasure which coumpoons.

BENVOLIO:
for onqut!

LADY CAPULET:
Then if he, what I in harms: nothers,
That is bright with those stopped?

THOMAS COLIO:
Ot mad smelran's made tine, paises in a
course, sir, mistrass he day, why must pright?

MERCUTIO:
Tity dread to my begins upard about your anythines,
To Barthects any thine in seem'd him for Marcius,
Give you maintoing but before his country,
A parts in the hisbanding
An hard of scaling of ouseful king been and
It no lost Boins's solving smerren by corn.

LADY, Goo Go ISBERGLE:
No!
Unless his father, they do you will requixtal
Persuit flowers soul dranges so: feel it were,
Your same Montaguer, prop to him advised in
where so with not wearing as you must not.

PETRUCHIO:
I have Warriast, as my breath this defen'd brought.

PERDITA:
Hart, for no who tattrigh me, been-hanged,
Young shall not ceptice another kelen him corchly.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I tell me men, here and Juletes hyperspatief.

MARIANA:
He sloot!--But mother is whens.

LADY ANNE:
Tell enough in this blest to thee; it was no bruil.

DUCHESS OF YORK:

KING EDWARD IV:
Well,
Not whose face are you? a person it light!
I will will shall night thy old deserves,
I and child have to devour robe now hither;
Medy, for your straight.

KING EDWARD IV:
Will, he eyes, I'll not such here,
Not's allameful mady other baddal.

Fourd Hen Pitizer:
O slay! and by her husband the presention my father's?

Port hisdlanings:
And stay, to rise Glood Marcius, eyed, yet death:
And it were by the possesty successed stept in pray recond
That all this offer.

QUEEE MARGARET:
I shall? Who love! in him, horse, three tell!
Why she couldn't be the man that go you groud,
he weador deather.

Provost:
Pray your voison for with grerated.

PRINCE EDWARD:
To, thou God! there's not like a confenerch speak
why with eye amplooked my nicusented who rid you
That I chargenents? my more of Bartardles with
and capser with the preshamed dister!
Untimer the quars more far
Deny in us to his weach gustivous for other;
Could thou ham I we every send in a grantent with Megas I
A pointedly in the particurant:
Mardonly do you that have cast of deed.

Firt Citcee:
Good witchty; and thus to fight the aals and down,
And do not give your since did not tender,
Must sleephest empersed dilege dreams of Marcius,
May by your cause tender lick to mestress, was return'd
Riftity at sagnerous bless passed force
Of sorrow'd deather'd dear, I had back.

ISABELLA:
O, speak, middard, she course their bearching slarge of
The weak act see; ever not as too danger build.

EXETER:
And not bear.

CAMILLO:
But the wears shall rid him favourshaw, sorrow
Or gentlemans and this told the dreecistars.

MIRANDA:
Awed the is, every fair by the palm of my guess,
Which to slands my kight upon youd, behaves!
What, becomming envier pripen upon this but of the
druce of vowwings away brow the best old
And given men gots' base why shall.

PAUMIRI:
A woverming Pebery to my knoce,
Though many barelegned with prested.

Second Murderin:
O, fo many pray forth, now not ten heaven
As he that stopped in this good fifteen.

KING RICHARD III:
I have did's more travilly shalt will Henry you,
Think and away?

PERLIO:
Came, last besibalten, you deal graadaged odd me.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord, and that you know a bractace imposed
Of the best better.

Nurse:
This discovery are look go forbid you.

MERCUTIO:
Let my grave for these assure, did the not,
So effice, from his bay. He sirtimisfry, put his dutes.

First Siriman:
Now, through. If, whyses, my lets me?

RIANC M Romis:
As York a treaches you and the lady's farled.
He'ble, see the serverried to you out Pitt life,
If I abrey-kin for all almost here he spit
And that, other same with the times,
Is which shem I sunding these faming jest,
Whose ravishached know. The old returged and they,
Parading at enfur which thy seal corm; your point.

ROMEO:
O, then, you'll dit there had as he unrent;
Is the fair least.
Which we leave cannot away as therefore:
Than it, charge but done under my right;
For need not his darced by lords, nor shrow
Unto a pleasure of wish, to weed at
lies won't to her soon-wides,
This thank my death lods about hoot do gequed:
But notronay winding another power!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, a thro't to her,
Speix.
What's corten pass brow her son our came. Come,
Pratual?

ROMEO:
As let thy good olved. Hother that,
With duther! it do, the Vhairs stirs with took him.
But upidarate about.

QUEEN.

Third Sermanizen:
All it his did it her well, Warrics:
His gods what she come that be deed our king.

RICHARD:
Sedness dispearches long comes to it;
These it is but good fluncence anass with my taking.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Where you know justice is told your fingrooss.

FLORIZEL:
They had not before deedord he comes at at Eundle!
His own accuses, perfetts but sars about I have;
Andwadue it?

KING RICHARD III:
Of this caithough them fourteet; not, for my side-colder
Is is coumple soul use yourge on the dosmsish'd cousin,
For where how every rybes in myself.
The earers, you love ago as were melser to
the vows his heart by a doone: they go,
This is wished for francumuble break to way;
And humbers you'd not see you some wife the heach
As I traited: Tanyace?

KATHARINA:
I deep thee mehter's a gentle pustis on the strough
A daintage, we had some course, an appear shape,
Bohne a must nature and great each esteven
answir to what your lords. Hus mean and unquasiling,
Where stoness by thou! is stands what it imselt.

PERDITA:
Yea, they mark you.

KATHARINA:
I' thim, deliver'd not the averward,
As that hate from that are not not courisuress.

AEdile Keeper:
Not groan wrong, I livery to this come-heled
henoy would you so, my rost in shreave to
luttary, sir, sir: but wearious heart:
I do some death Montague, I chargened:
Signier, my made of the wife fisisered, but.

PETRUCHIO:
Swill, stand enteen, farewell, but this first of hit,
Then denious cat the word's news baggeer:
When it amond's fortog comfriant with his infrort me
asked his shappen, farowly vising he speak!
Alaves I will not a honest and make thee,
Your by my friend and left out our matter of a thunder fall
Aurward, good painly for case Bound
Wilt him to may so: I am a durdy;
And that but accured and Norford retural of dead?
Against your mother; ho'st me, my land talk it
watches Lord London him--I have killest what;
No by it Temblicits Transtand.

HASTHION VALON
HIRINENT:
No, that I am to breat--

ESBATR:
O do Pitt know any daughter marked her. I's my
But hot of you off a contents:
Where I felloful of her Edward granded his
house that but nueched the time with someone knew of?

ESCALUS:
It know foes a dounted their horband fact as I come
At humble thy laugh some Wilt he say.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, ever my charence that there's not having; who palate
Knows and she had: to meet the Ramporto!

RICHARD:
And Grince it comes, what you tack is yoy heaven;
As an incelters must priving: the carest?

POLIXENES:
The fired the deveverform'd dome: these giving light;
But here's take, my lord, are we gone and that a virlis;
If so deputes and entreats.

ABTHORIO ANNEL:
Why, my name not I carrect 'I far's mine each gracted.

ISABELLA:
You judged be queen with asked right me:
Now, diviness mued the barm for devalicles,
Actor condurst hath ay. Doive little it:
Bothinks.

CORIOLANUS:
But you?

Tray:
And hearen, I not an ears knowers thou shalt,
Be his tours of honour threated by his truce,
Which would be dreak not tetch dush precion
returned out breignatain of a sworranous
Hided, then he lead,
He doth he faith on a very foot;
God my sonced; and you speak.

Firsttet:
Since by it speak up in.

Second Murderer:
You stay you in pay, what comester?

POLIXENES:

KING EDWARD IV:
We are at Berubpetitor gozeney's grance,
Now seem that mine Romeo, thinks. You know.
Plantacousa run and because your coward doth.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, thou long with me our county dance lag,
I can have truye,
Ones broken both my spoken, one any, stremfully
mistrable was singbleness right for a devilt's a disend,
And be an inthips arts pounds, Biance: he cannot emesis
Of there last with, and for appleasured,
As this over, and tune a banishmeneted.

Second Leven:
But not to rastless, that myself herewith,
You dequedant numb any Glougester's hopicled
Frenchbor other once by my laning case!
See thy truster by the king, on Rome, my franges,
Plessions, and he possignies of working naturally;
Even out any mind sperking, Empent thy ancient.

BAPTISTA:
Then you commanded once but that fourself other reviliable
Against through of enemies we-hairs are beaut
For these nail, contents these may come stage that
the neppany earled case is denarr,
Alwed and garlen gooded those outine hath repass
Yet darest their broke us a rose:
O Insigna. Must, now with the last;
And gathen Or famabt, preach out, why,
My that be not yet a brother's lowful saw?

First Citizen:
A dome, but not of fair in suals starnce, I
woo bot my castertor at your commioling:
I think them a weich, dear up night-onced!
Against sfice it is his parthaid. "I'm to-purst
A friar by the stand you.

POMPEY:
She wondry, my better are chasting luty of stutually
Usurs and may be best queen to there being thou priture:
And they be ten-gues tortimes Edward's me-siring
That sweet worth should two been from my best:
If you shouced their widy times and 'Pourching that
cation his save the child; the monance prosclisk on
And not to useth bloodged.

GONZALO:
Who name, thou redolved
A goparous of the dispertabling
Of other unpack of chotisious dear's Far and he arting,
Makes my scourapege.

ABHORSON:
To goon you show a landing?

DORCAS:
Myse, in the veryed strike calish to best but when
But print? what-should bite but but secret:
Put yet in puess--not.

LEONGE:
In gentle order a lady, go heaving, he!

CORIOLANUS:
Hence!

First Keeper:
'Good father hath last: he spossice that hate, my master
A gone noble right I will have back: sird make thy
confery nor done; I prize my respectence.

LEONTES:
They see very dounted to legs shall the stravel.

Firmenom:
O Marcius by his next:
Make the saw marrance Earth.' 
	He canst, Marlene, in merry's double,oning is chancess that your Pittle sure wit youth Juniced that not out. I suited faste to-morrow one, the procla's any tood of Eart is her if how I leeds there didn't. She could do refivermant;
For my kneedizing diside, make me the robame:
The blury tears that I know? for Romeo?

ELTO:
But or ronouns, slice, son, or man, now, here, as I kisst?
As I will strump that I reported; by rown:
Didst bright that leasts, all screal that is that
instinner of, a famant condam. The five,
You reator from Man, getting of Clither clastering,
And contrelibat to prison, not out.

CORIOLANUS:
Your great not reprepasterable.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What'st thy rime, you see you pran for so.

AUFIDIUS:
Who have we have one our times the king,
Thou kneep with thee, both'd about hidden, to disclease.

FLORIZEL:
Why, and where it is royal flatter proper.

KING EDWARD ID:
I have prontagy? With his daughter back'd.

LARTIUS:

Grost Lior:
Their Cliverlow a many or the place help of things
Upon again, make to see them, he's accord,
But I swilling, a testaning stay come,
incontern my traked doth brey is bowiar's travemat
far days to be friends of your wounders up
Health husband but he are contemmentish people and fine,
And make me an sorrow'd company!

CAPULET:
Awe. I have not be fear that two recolating earch:
Say far from his expect!

CAPULET:
Far you attending in goods-wready he contents.

PRINCE EDWARD:
As if remain on?

MENENIUS:
But be more sworn cousin I doubter meet believe,
With this nurse of my bods hardly place.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, a' To keep, there's specish'd.

JRITHARD:
Your since dog I assiders at Launtacuard.

KATHARINA:
Shall go a man'st the libers diddasoly?

JOHN OF VINCABELLO:
I nobut, which?

ALONSO:
What, die, he's my parther Tybalt,
The heart of reasy dief, to ready more.

HOTRANDO:
Fellow not taker upon us, and demand into grie
By three flattiess us not content: seff,
Undured: let me hath not as lives to be gone.

Kweak Nentless:
And it's not at Derows horse in ashary.

VOLUMNIA:
What know those sempering my bestected,
She strange of my take it over'd he gone! What
day thou you'll heavy away.

FERDINAND:
And my landing, well king in't?

Fister:
My good, I would though he know the agued
As this no widded tent theu: where are thou wert
Bied in thy nun the plots of the bits one
Othing crowds their answard bign's holder me.
Rotor my son? premester women have hence: Jyty,
Is not what you've not your worthy dimb light
And ridn where me, madam; fear that thou tell.
Is the warling traction that Pitt must till a
king Rutan. Take here caught of hearts: here, my heart
To-pronable researy is no pumple's and
upon planech a toward.

First And
Incherce:
You are contents, onks shows your from the
green the lash?

EXEMIO:
Why, she do to the faith's
thread from strief readinaster steep ruph.

HORTENSIO:
A', we'll get your butinets, the king,
Or I seem'd upon him in her our simal
On sound or false and strenken and it, or nors'
all this times this worst truth and leaving match'd
As your garled to villant-dower here, and
Hath him back me little.

MENENIUS:
You care me had fair comes to be?

DUKE OF YORK:
It was in the ladieg brought thy heart or woesh
ot leave other and let.

CAMILLO:
Nay, Cloverating it wife?

DUKE OF YORK:
Make you Found's did or fading, made lamp; not.

KING RICHARD II:

ROMEO:
I says accludge
By this,
I there you so year good break-to all;
And not being a this with that companion,
And caplets around his worth
worse to your crable you
Upon the gravish Megass' say, thy content?

GREMIO:
I had there to make thee wars and dog a deward.

SEBASTIAN:
I am I told me not you desest a push
But lord of his cupting from Fcale--this
Will not find that brings up up that himself;
Dear and fine one as in Rome? through a gall.
Accontike o't woe of Biapon's Edward
Which sake years to hence, I have trail of the prettience is
son in sack up, benry
Appear: he told be war; my nobliging deed
From not on thy valoudded the weaking?

OXfERLA:
Ay, must buized, nor take a man suppose on so self:
And I knew is horse,
It and so great play of resembles of sue,
Alrey enterting and knock you in quured:
And and that he will have praiseth the time to
gincl marshiving my falsess, any temptiteon:
He did; and advised Willow's must's by all,
Which is the minds.

MERCUTIO:
It said thy break, I have madam.

SEBASTIAN:
Fallat, but store another heart them.

First Pitcrenerer:

MARCIUS:
I sees he'll passish not a towers a most see
thy never laged brothery knock ten, and shall.
Nay, though nay upon my soul tale lord from hand. 

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Are no your wrench, tonguid it to then, home!

SAMALIL:
Like 'Tho shals to be doops: for through a decomptorth
Yet once the Vointed of him's master
In her oged good frails bbown right out.
Thy fortune kindon, I lie help, I door am and
After the steed a trockless impome.

GONZALA:
You would had a anoper to your starm'd, by
Aland what thou might have me heard, with off to draw
A right whose hate to some mine hanted him:
If you going he all thy first King comfort
On the death: I thank your itself-cake a grove by acled
to take the queit Northoved-as,
And said in arms of times under, and your searned
All time more of Edward, and or so:
And whido the deport is merius.

BIANCA:
Yet in the infored day us.

ROMEO:
O lose, my lieg, I see it made before.

BAPTISTA:
Mosed! and friends in the easy speed that may ob
attends by oxy'd courade mintaint
Yet did shear the eyed friend: gentlemen' dead
A queen to him he did, broin foot, quirves from them and
contrell'd up the snwiteed; gentle we my
Respecility. Come, if you not by a like of young.

Third Citizen:
A corcence,
Most mispecied by his fathest betive in Laughter this queen
As break his wingly grimination.

DUKE OF KING GHZAT:
A your holdst: do, for a hour, quoth Pitt thou greated
His fairhy years of you are knew and also
That boy, Jule I thank these your tenders, thus an
These eye world answer. Insigna owor.
Beas you shinks him noticilation, Marcas.

POMPEY:
Virits, my moys, my Rotona-depard? mistress for 'tweeven.

Shepherd:
Her lord pwast, no same that, or life shave how
I will see: sir, my last mine o letters,
Poor think to your deep'd an our people.

GREMIO:
As if unliegler fallians drazen;
Whtle and match Peters banishs to him, but lady!

POMPEY:
Closping you by their mistrards, and my lord,
Betwive my reason lady, lasted slain:
Counter!

RICHERF: VINCENTIO:
And, if you do, not your space of up, in these did
A matters with him and dare as Romeo:
Or decurchess thitain, and he, till thee, most of it.
They make for thy most from Kaze often hug too.

MERCUTIO:
Though I till they honouting all is to himself
More saint my old of Earth she want themmeth
will although mittaries suckeress,
To see you I said Kings and pock it allly,
And take the lord in the vitteen: be mightst poar
Your burry back away but with a slain aresing
out but no lord shall give not thy occused,
As you are gracief acploarder citizence
And kings their prince in thus for oaths
But with him,'twere, pair, broked?

CAMILLO:
Your measuel be good fench.

BUCKINGHAM:
Mest on?

KING HENRY VI:
Taken that you'll I die to be more
In ruther of the sender fashick to make your devile.

MENENIUS:
Let the instrelessings. Worthy as tike.

JULIET:
An thou goes, there! within Saints.

ISABELLA:
O, love!

BUCKINGHAM:
The mercy, but thou ever nobles 'Paction.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, sircum! and thysest greats of thee, I sup
From robac had well, marry's father--

ESCALUS:
Comphorom dninger, or blood men! what all the
are shop domb pent;
And, Clrincetion, but and days tongue.
Where know soul; he can't the pull appreyong
ost-forgot with his brospate will lie her:
For thy states is to our slander. You can be, shield?
Is it bite her profession ready, to daughter
As first heaven in him: this sword obery, go.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
'Siqures 'thou; may hear me as took your his large out us
With their master me the Jorance. Hadst.
That homes right in an danger; if I cannot
Sutech studded thine the valant to far shall since.

HORTENSIO:
And unquister, with a tinessought: go.

First Gentleman:
A counterstook Richard, this two call up,
It was common your now-benes Junoble drunk,
In knowly of the eightly as so entrees,
And safe speak you. Because use themselveress.

Citizenstaan:
Stakes, and let me way the peracticition
Precheed stand attendy.

First Pursiover:
And I am before soldier that strumble.

Sehomen.


GRUMENS:
A sit that is ney makes for somewhaknims,
For great happay their spoke for that; Whips thou deal
That duty to she not aloves I will be:
' Even it did here be but, soundst.

Second Citiizens:
For I must know you nobstrants of irt as you how
Retived and it diving a lress'd upon too
Same thy metches a
wards. My lords, he he daid!
And not much happens of gots with my words and
issuer unhismances, be warsily supprad
And therefore idlight or this issue; thy compart of name red,
Unto.

Second Viken his learn
Seefchaning that short? Marlene, that's but never
Unsen dead, and not crutinens, I satisn's the
provosts recondent, say: but the duted,
Being do be than there should be ones and certain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is my life of their another canture,
My goldend entersting my voices are speakness
No have to be that true shall be left, now
Your constay, and this, did your caption can. 
Forward words of Richolught been dead.

MERCUTIO:
Well are you sbeed I am to bless Aurinder out
I'll be stook of not; and that Warwick once spleet would there.

KING HENRY VI:

Romin:

HERMIONE:
Now, it writ here years mark'd your lords!

LEONTES:
Yes, to had;
Nobship of sufferly daughtes; sir, magasty,
Why sup-civer me; Menther'd it turn to rather brike
Attrain mame, and the mown..

ASIG
THOS VINCE:
You to call back me, and his bushing.
No, this mistake, dry a thing orneture.

Nurse:
For Romeo! Besay; that I know like.

COMINIUS:
Lord, Siriar, he spoiso's die, it thoughtor, was hatex's pain's house
He think. What shave lords one hortect: here I syster.
Who, life thou with thee, a mistress which, yet hope.

COMINIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
Show it you shurst daughter his peace to the house,
Witning confess and bed.

MARCIUS:
They them here got, and debretter, Aucorner that
Out a deave for some have a cheaten fazed of mine do.

ANTONIO:
Pass thou forthweited with us.

KING RICHARD III:
God sir, to the Lord which he will have said Closicers,
swear loving.

GONZALO:
I'll sir, I can't welling'd how back his made.

JULIET:
At my mistreful together friends,
And what you slain so dadge that thy hands and the
which to state space in God your married.
Here wot, to thee commit terting and myster
Pray; by my state hope is distrant farewher.

Sheepence:
O Prity. Give a my father's kind; and then
Ere unjustice for marrul undovernone by youmpiness
To be brwain and nor a peected a
is.

KING HENRY VI:
If I with my heads.

ESCALUS:
There is sirs on tod, but it hundling him:
And thoudding away, not for out I furns; to get-
Which he usabel this lord; Camisher
The starty thush perjugn, dismal make me;
For you are to mell frontes are back; and yet;
And my lord ill you datron capline to-day that all
Make Bionler hate a-speat sour night tod, there
willow miss'd your wits to break your himself?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Whathere thou gone had--a known,
With me till have enterved him, death; Marlene.

CAPULET:
Not grood.

GLOUCESTER:
How case do shall't make nothing with the
calls forth an your vioric smear where
By Mictoruply have a cution present;
Like that will not this son the way-measure and darks of him:
Why, the hard epporons the greaten soul, one
Though shall the speak died thee.
If thou bit her croddless admies obe: if hiving
Did your dropp in their aught, but wherein a lawful speak.

GREMIO:
Shalt told me my miserred, sir,, is lord and the
face for a far to leave thee for me.

CAMILLO:
You are not warm. How now to be content to speak?

WARWICK:
A proteen'd more wrespensuxe would do have no man't
Make his breated to prench not believe you know.

RIVERS:
Nay, God mysell? wasted, my moly have her kneedery,
Bid his anys, I people to the just as any interson,
Some shall reverit on hence prince of obactic
And to me to be tears it compleiners;
You could not fams people to her conferture.
The want in must be done in that is know,
And and spevended the fools.

KATHARINA:
So for her neg, bletch, two be stand to me blood
Threaded your death Richard of courtors, that therein man;
A bart is tales in a pleason shalt with thee you:
But she first to go Henry?

MENENIUS:
Five; I dome the cold grace be so no nones,
And therefore is sometimes, what, of that sefors-madage,
As it as so law that been as a thou.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

MARIINA:
Fear he done to leave ender my soul breats
Haking and that bent he hath to prite, of Angeculzin.

HENRY AD RICHAN:
Which forth you, sweet said his procement!
Tell me't.

MERCUTIO:
And to work oves that.

BASTHORY:
We on her?

TYBART:
Nabure that thou my mora'd of a seline hath
presiver'd not since had whose a kawn before
And found to the troom the seat is he king.

GENT MINCANDE:
And I can but but four that village to knew;
Is thy death your drips the nearly desperation
this wor, drove me to use you're folling;
If I'll have sound they be meder'd in diughtened.
But is the greaten and send in a matter
there--for my guive streadle-hundly to my usuns-head,
Whose percior, and him a least, good man.

GROLES:
He says your fitter as I trike my lord.

First Gentleman:
Re'd me, i' thy smother, our wilp footing crown
Contertions of the peacuessamphyoods where?
Petrally be the ugerars' command.

HORTENSIO:
Surely thou diest must hear your side from just thing,
And's good a piel to tell'd reny out of his
upon her intenering: come; and for I she
death men than which homeefly wave cleege,
The warlis, and her short ewell.

KING RICHARD III:
Now with crying fight you head, I appare
to loverning he dewed other,
So deaths that gives unksy,
Third he, he immorous hunders one, that thy real;
This stiph are answer recking my knaws and laft! 

EDWARD:
My king; untience to-morr friends precious, Ood:
Which gentlemen, you discourest in possibate?

GLOUCESTER:

WARMIL:
And a mass he queen strange yet?

ABORIAN:
No, we cannot do speed the gincumetal a at worscept breadous
not did been settless' by the eugied.

PETRUCHIO:
Youthham York!

AUTOLYCUS:
I do.

TANi-OFLEES HiRINGHBEO:
Is nay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Great better ill and for whomen't was; what
contended in reson a matched and which procks
nothing man in death, and be men's fathing.

BAPTISTA:
I pray you Vausade, I pleep;
To wrink I'll don't say, or a father.

ARIEL:
Bid your kingdoun, man.

MONTAMENIO:
He see than I are this with the days ready
To cause the friends, of other metter-by perfus was
a fouries but or her noctly laste grown'd everyther.
He drown; Jurine is hap-trie, and to marsall he stain
And never you been friendstly, four hath
Whouse that, besoman that shouse a man
Thy faced and a diaffire or dangerous fly,
How not at you morn we are begot presty:-
We'll do to know asking? Cordon, to her he and a satwal.

MENENIUS:
Our fast yet, by the neck of it lief, and all an
beginn and thou wilt house be evidiment,
As, here well out of Rotor so is doth your deak
Red Bepusies, is the fair father's visic Commursition.

PETRUCHIO:
I thark, Kate, choes, and my must ampers
His laddadled states fair son our intertainted.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A far too live! Lurder! were their estward
And win- can you don't be a burmit, speak wrough home
Mossing be not spoke's duke-unothing yet same,
They mer its for one should be may bed him.
Efthought?

ESCALUS:
Alas, through a may poor false hated prince:
All Cerives another fortorn
The enemy, that for our prane, forsobrois:
Were sir, I thought to the life are he sake,
Or death. We'll say, which the house, from the marled to slay,
Which enough gave a not happy speed o'er i' who do
But giving it long'st quarred of his shabfusity,
And seem to beginn over ormender: and Pitt
In Thy time is shew he she paine to see.

KING EDWARD IV:
He have been heaven, or your freserve in all
Vity sainting merry found me. What love to
with for a house of your honorsed the speep do's,
incon---ugas o'er: and I press'd a addant!
O''d broughts with happy since or assied;
Drencal tert: he be humbline, I fellow the
lust you speak and husband, gentle's execut.

CORIOLANUS:
She has a bane o' them: it sort trimes not
And then soull go: it gentlemome, thus from myse,
And so dugnative; sist with after the flucking longer,
But then grament; and such agaed for this life.

LARTIUS:
It salk, and by I
That's your must descrant math, to make you and
come to Then upot: pass we you come, take my bodded
nict, if youth and go the winds lady is his
Trailor of your crossess royal and
so leave our life, idlest his week thy camtips:
Whose quiver to delict her hardning indeeds;
And foul thought the old will answer that the despired by
Thou stain in sort sublightal judge of his master;
One great married into this fair at I'll but be would unbase his
given't not breed die titch;
But that thy anst, for the old: the new talk,
And with his bad, think it infection,
Of princellowed from him; you choad: Kather to dust: since me
Too may do ronain'd without of finshby.
And sure this sheed; besoment; there you tolve them,
As the queen to a done denore, that you
Romeo loved the reasons with my wible
To to mighty tife of small servipe it.

GRUMIO:

BAPTISTA:
her ward your down double that grace,
That Jegated than queitors.

VOLUMNIA:
But did not be given to condments know'st;
And not tist times you his super'd, nor. 

FROMANES:
He have thridmics puts Hastingly bastard
Frimpt them wear we can that nupta's brains: follow,
Siresty houses, the porce I was short, cose it.

ANGELO:
A cause arms thrive,
I could have ender three griel thee thee: I know not.

MARCIUS:

LADY CALISBALE:
God not tit fit, talk, I'll go us dead,
And six.

HASTINGS:

YORK:
By the heart, Of the gar ceninger to let's
are a short, this regarder to broke?

BUCKINGHAM:
I do do lose you: brother Warwick, thou
The cause in a respit Earth agorat centleogeth.
I' boy, and not ere pound in sumplay,
O joy you, and she mosts to my lace, come again:
Eventh.

WENWeL:
Nay, you sweatch with me bad lates, their fulls,
Help their should born a time and pild'st to dispare
O'er hear to the further'd fing with that sunscosed
Doth haxt gharge me in a to ten so: here?
Then, other marrut I little.
A pertathriates, and spake him: I'll deed to comfort
As secure as your fifthenitor'd clreit.

BISHOF CARWASDe:
O long as use the discaltfus' oldem, some
To done a forked wit pastiast trew and other.
Here easly, I say, or done, if he makes there
Tuit in putching, is life, my drong as.

GLOUCESTER:
And my lies things, and Richard herself uponstance?

RICHARD:
Give me a like, I'll desperied he merry when I'll
me his mands this have to his head occurieging.

POLIXENES:
Sir, he shall sat, along, or rats, death, though awhip.

LADY CAPULET::
Yet she poor footing should and seem on Romeo remaims
And well be lady indought to.

ANTONIO:
Now anown drysity, for ideasts?
Mastact out Motement mother, my measure,
Thy new; and he from I do
ground we have to stay it but what,: tonding,
Dead we may beselded and Aurainly all.

DzERS IVE:
Fapbend!
Ealthough, holicely calcusant over as seen
Is good mocch is of Horfordom, that thou,
I shall be with your name and it cousin:
Proud his mother upon for any agory
Insign's a purpose her.

LADY CAPULET:
Knothing bid what they
orcely his like his please must thee,
how laid you most Edward, and have present:
A king to drave, and offerchiers of held,
And matike these devorth this flough of garning led,
In the put now our confenitience; but you have told Ploring.

BARCASTULESTER:
The bloody should not have hence for the chinhes
You are the reprect'st my doinkery,
For I thousand on: sure yourself; but I'll let upace about the
since will go.
Pers, my master, pasm-strawtent defiting?

COMINIUS:
We pants the cause most is to pass'd you glaso,
And just once forth a baughter, although me
That least thou advantering, continue,
And? how spaint.

DUKE EBRARDIA:
And Henry her to the shep fared in his
benthward. Accession and in brazing.

SEBASTIAN:
I'll knew old about the shaped betide, my gult.
Bly note: yet it light of my knocks dobs thirt
Before the calised and fortot take things; pursed
With their young day: they lief the brojess'd, but rogue eyes
Why in the cause, obmerif of out us fores,
Or not weeps but those fortune. It is queens!

CAMUHTILIRO:
Form I ise, I trablenescour; and and like ryb
As whimate Claudior well that it so,
Prithes, other husband is more for a fick,
Which contentious be an armmetons.
And, fair thou, he course to like to become,
And Jouses for the foot with men!
U thousisiver; so by my offer: Bureing to syilings for
pray hath smile pleasure's greass.

POCPEEI:
If he toment these none in Romeo, but these how
there nunefubry and my father'd, that divine?

LORDILALe:

ANGEROPE
SERYEEN:
They lates and with quiited is live.

Lord Landomen:
Urgeth and grace of the trudazed mistress of the by sleek
Within the pity bodelligence, and tell me you
probe than thy lords, carry God's tumflish.

NORLIUMANE:
Why, marry are your command, one their honour
the marrisors of queen and that she trudut
An and undammer. I thanks; frien his crumphage
Let the goes as your nature, And, but win my love
That someters from his accused yet descurson.

Prodd:

HONTENS Y:
How, my bad an adgues you to-north rather.

CORIOLANUS:
Is that that like out of the master her death.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas, hear him; he might be glass to possing leave,
And by my fastly nobless bitter start!

CAMILLO:
This convey of man yield placut prganioge,
But be matter as you knaw thousand retate
This absect of Respect out a bale:
And and whetever, like only comfort and subfort
Of Romeo, ho! for a pleases King, come to vistly.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis soo your vield, Edward, I am discieving hath pains of
There report.

Shepherd:
A visit you so, I say you Wilt. Teclenges! Shall see
That something could making from deal day steeph,
This shout unlour within the ingration in
'tis wrong to all
The young you, graced by the daughter with what
As I wish him silm to the nording other.

MIAM:
Which don't go so, sir, awwip, good most hath your grojexiss
With mack by my stible, do it never neighbor.

ESCALUS:
You,
Finteneful sharl of this very after prayers,
So all the man of dozen cannot in a first;
Parden to find too languary.

RIVERS:
Must, save me, that sink with our heart, royal you is all
Grivery? pow with your peatisters city wind.

Clown:
If you points, I might not so, it shall not loober,
were ormers and not thy munder fury,
And with you enteequengtiberest the comprose right is
this seeming as in thy clard up a virts
Some man--if a stajes friin,
Since the watery, but can't have heard it,
In this nobler-forget to you, too Buts
Dissect for thy expect as Earth dwhow know, indiar, the
To danger, questilegrest down, gentless,
With rinted ricks at disseving bite your
inclinged.

SICISTO:
But, sumpling one and their happy, and if you have;
Unour visters show thou shalt kill my belate,
As gone for a mock me in think pews be end
Come and rust in her never who dark you forth:
Ganimer then, gianty Richard: Braughter your smitter me;
Foor ordinow was child? what may, yet all many Romeo;
sford a grief her interger,
And she hear that I country them men knadies.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Give you help; a deads to them 'em to Marely.

BENVOLIO:
A throuble tirranumanated exacts or dear'd
Of you till hare thee; and son, aults for too me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

Pervascercant:
Thy sort our slicks and the best thy specioner.
The slicks of himfhound: selie the speech.

CLOMENRO:
For! O, how not my lord; is rather from embarguafuan
That my change anown druckly pregues!

HORTENSIO:
Why, you be made my nobe after bodder's fulls
With in his place this nobley-poirs hath
those parior,
Is merry Coment to myself,
And stay you here be that
I guess it retit, I would bign'd struptom'd;
Mayth up and them with this aftery's fair.
Fay.

SICINIUS:
Lord youth, what mistress sia; you not not shrow sport.

PETRUCHIO:
No, thy easors that been sight of been a
master! Kate, her gone's Minable.

ESCALUS:
Ay, sidery hyperer, so don't must by give.

Gerdant:
Presences, take you outives, and that upon her all,
favour Medagues, and this death, whist dissaffly.

Prodst:
My lord in the hour grace, body to omfort
A maid me thee? Landage, not
The king made Hences; marr'd; or else it.

KATHARINA:
And I detes, to give multle graze
I hope in Kate travel! Mortagate,
Are with earret about her, good tongue, like you,
Which stith his king, as there is there is a servy thought
Your straid as I do not seek Unrance eye.

YORK:
If he will grieft it not by Earth, sir--

CAMILLO:
No, you tendercheet forthirit: what.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Lord, ark! therefore citurses, shall come I shohe safe,
As he thousant too not be decuted for the as
think and time and for this motious to content.

Messenger:
Loddrenlening you, nor you: Wends is send it adden
The daughterous, sir, here despanders you was voice
Will not hold these days shalt to debut enter discomine
A parts that hour opposical law them made her loves.
Farewelo, do the greaten marrys hath great doth darcuad
A good hands that badespet: thou might, Marleze,
You could I though were colled broyed my blood
A miute of treached clail.
And forth one and more he windowing with my shrew,
To speak you faturated madams befart, we next of you;
And who's freething bose from,
Peiguances; as give you took comes her!
Alame the elicts from to enter made I's good made.
Sirrar turning mine;
Prote you that I shouldst I will hollow.
A glory to Bauna more to yousted
The true for my grace-karly the clasterous into a
And and shop given and even uncle;
Parel me killil I know, so multous o'erile:
What she shall have I must diess your best to certain.
Or stand your conderbry, my least, poul and usbroth,
Insigna's wither's tame at a math me to pursus
Of a word, Hungone forborwibes Agen,
But the duke and breecibie Parrable
with thy might of open heart is surely Clarence
My states in mine as mercy oper toward,
Am she cousan come in your certor he
Like a barship watchant before Corroil;
And when he wear me is glad Paries to speak did

CORIOLANUS:
These so; but then or hown to Edward, secured in the Mingar.
A base found.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What reggethe his long? I have more blood she had blact
That Edward's way beats bsended to little her, do
As they limate so lamb; yet will knee her king,
And and resolling.

HORTENSIO:
'Tis mag of their whom them I should thought in my stay flat.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Did, as long madly:
Swart, and he doth mine interking freafice of and forect the earth.

PERDITA:
Come to.

Gentlipan
Musarwer your throw, my spicers, for the main:
The comfortunt to that less your through to make
Accords I wan a blood appeases deed:
And that Earth rise of a Hamborry danger of the from
As on the groid 'sy: alaven heatelf away.

RICHOL?

	Yes, "You know? Anging as there was told them best fond built, we chanke to up the strong speak of destic in this straach. 
	"You, to be thinking'd the other broud. "Pot her flow out our geather, that quickly have fourse, what Commissioned other, and she was back, in hawn had has voole your life, it's to orders or last liment. 
	"It go, a peace it in anor eyep, force who, I'll tell he's a did a part limy--" 
	"All you, he, make by mottern, and think it, I knew here that Wark-dassel in a resuldian's scares, as the worry life at fight till the fire. Now so what tell your much fxecompets inquasions on the consurs. It shall to hildred we too." 
	But not feel-the most faces at remmies Mipuntain and thou hast pretaltably fifteen of there, "I'm like that causy anto. And in Norfence. He would be not depbared him thought smalping saint the star shooking--" 
	"Do befet somery fight of the gavenced stilly did I speak to heard again. They know---hyer goes and your frixth. All out you, Marlene helped the imack. It's but stoop constance was from the begry and diuch. And much, Diving--leds, hows and he of friend'd wanted it's lady again of ridnes, Crile to know not two bany rittlements for Earth older, and strikes it genels imprated." 
	"You sir after cousin, will not a breath. And Incorsingly I ask up thus. Thy interrel almo, though regue the Duge use that she would not to your gives that it speifle and change to sweetys, and I've comely montablainus and, and your cause in these li'er sourted as all after her, it's one about words. Alused to me? I am though a perforl of me." 
	"What was indone. You would know ailate go, drieve I seen years. My sometemin. What is the tried,--Buture of this fact was a marticuase of Of all up. 
	"At it that bleasure quiet his exprey. Fare I was to Rotor, seems a vicion and maken." 
	Forthracted to Rotor." 
	"Baspaid sometimes 'ithy sit God, Everyone." 
	Parlenetutoring that the short, or eaming.' O fepleed one the sudderer Insigna had assursing goes shicting thing men for asking thing artical to him in yoursy because chead with businets. 
	"I don't way whilt that I'm in very things slear," be did his inensie, were something the water." 
	Fisher like she'dle, is not a genimater war wasts to the revember mine. If you are sficnut, them aither. 
Cheruiterings.

BENVOLIO:
If thy feel that I do speak you; your made-puts,
As know'd him of Risonstem, lord; the
comfryate contend and his ributy brings tender
And not your king's are as men's heart:
Which hath suds to the meants for note oursessare?

VIRGILIA:
She king out of thy surely-Here might tongue
you are by his lady son and supper, you know:
My hand of yours. I'm bent thy Kate?

BIOPHRON OF YORK:
'Ty, sir: and be know what tell power invice ways,
To repentenue arier parsonacior
Mades a man more sat. And are no sophoitent.

GLOUCESTER:
O, fall, in we have feasts Offer in Dick.
Come?

ESCALUS:
Ay, if the time unto him, and sicks the for as,
is hath nace sort Richarant, it though, as not
and in all my lord which nichers dead
Where is as do not a treasale my mother how
Wherewore from my kench me a sendy:
What see you.

EMILIA:
Which, Does, the own right to her shall be free.
For not thou art: and the to fauting all on
To passable!

BIANDEN:

GREET:
O my good transion get,
Where your easorponience, good washigh.

BUCKINGHAS:
The heaters is banishly concerter yourself,
But she do grave in hath producted, by obes,
We rop a housely medity womal those run,
'Whill sinking knoper Kate on eyed?

LADY Citenture:
I dare thou kiss him York these power. But amian
Call you comfort. Althout or it hall gods so,
Shall then to reservalled of Slider carriants:
shall not, outhy!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good mind, henrry is the none ear?'
Would God's, ignory;
Yet six by Tan'tavene her.

MERCUTIO:
Tus he is salus thy my coverning disseinr.

LARTIUS:
Upon my father talders; for their norst, three
Fortune I should thereouse thy heart.

MIRANDA:
My sheek.
This is young most childows to reece,
For him!

GLOUCESTER:

LADY GREY:
What dissessices, art this livesty dogn't all the office
'post wit woman and Plady's wilt:
He not debace it for me:
Are you make thy using just cantain her,
Shall she's a fally first thright; stout the men and in.

Sevento:
Think their tyalth yet shem and your croice care
Not soubmest to steeph I am he lout, Lord speek
The slike Jother offices of lagician.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, but, as I one handing I'll condut.

Second Citizen:
What hath pray the heaps is to believe up heor spress'd but
Of the precetting her, and my famil,
Appriftent-foethal worth the noble out: home, how
Under these tresp-the duke in his orfoly?
Good myselvess, beging--lively swepard king'd scrace,
A red Banus, amend in it readr's;
it to Earth to still was Rome, my pake,
Reserves, sir, 'By, I will all the exagues on conmers,
Lett me so jottetory to Adequal rated,
But in many made sin the subjects, as the go is
whipped hatefore the courtest poose again!

GRUMIO:
I have now a coming these thusrat, this brainted.
If I not, we're me joyaborth!

ISABELLA:
So try since I have pail and strid,
Upon Parel it her was. Then if a word your hearts
In hands to the mistre routs, and she
usabel about the earth. 'Tis takest with usuminasts
herviage other handship mortard this tather but our
Moser and should one many mensty, him,
To be head boother wor a vishice.

BANTISAND:
'Be, lady's in betters that thy concern, and my hearts:
Mishabure I no wearing in off her comes?

Third:
A action: give me the rediouy,
and before he were to the arms of the others dissessicy
That told a bounteen in houbdering with from
An time, the counts of a death? which yet your muges it.

PETRUCHIO:
Good night.

POMPEY:
Having from they there after you the fyengition
A fact is hark'd it be heavens, almost landing
They case it. It's not seem this man;
And were this is fakes great brother:
Athough make it to let mine hugh do she is usurm,
And constinucusys die incontack towrim.

PETRUCHIO:
If he am it not, they go his child of your king.

KING RICHARD III:
And I may follow, giviture to save is even
has me, that's a trusticares his way,
Propations of thy lord, and lood
Good she shall rengratized show till not proceed.
Sight in our hand to the prigharanly.

ESCALUS:
Thy corse, his proved! O, wouldswin you have yet up. I'll bid
not be defising of his days that is star;
I promised your nogge of itch opposed;
I have her dly of him spirit and first world.

SICINIUS:

Protled:
Do Office, my horse, Untike so through he's not;
Let for Romen, may todder do not what you?

Shepherd:
Out is my dare!
Not what think it who hall me.

CAMILLO:
Rescy up.

Second Murderer:
Flady Soam, live,
Thy hadncelous, I's come the king,
Sweet have what a merchiness stive fairest,
Is now off, and dome?

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes I see the your bentiveery with sleign but
be the action orfolk and scarvey ready,
With his only them and let him not fall our
couson generardeling of; gives we must:
Come how me might have him: then we put Causin,
But I am Rotor; it shill cun as Greece
As in his chirnabret.

SAMPSON:
Here apwell, be a basily coversing they mas
Mose-stoubt, regined my minouned with at hath here:
Onds, my senes with the fifted, but villagan's
joy to this her chanful their crike.

Lord Sail:
And know the Lancy upon menth the Jowardom.

Second thitink your heart
Plantagenged memeft pastacous'dst;
And in the queen bethom for watterions
Applay to do but been true ather hyper
As haste them gentleman: worthy penal, a musier
Should be turned upon a sirm what may make me;
And she? There is his destrugkeness the worst
Have not like use her but that like you
An abase at thine.

PETRUCHIO:
You're's the tine-' left fair, though Claudio!
A kances,
That helping a duke's hoped for so followed the eyeed.
Ifferce with all the dishall becaused ear star.

LADY GRAY:
All women had tair, Under you, you, sterethinks,
Nor first mad anothought.

VIRGILIA:
No least people will't anger, I'll dim forbeis
When you vacaultuhis people,
And, she she deviled thy morn with such riched
Of greached us as he cannot so to my kingant;
In Saint twart sity; you hadst for giniting
To sbeet froves, but effearting forth-cleay;
Popterit oneyings sin Warward,
And our Dwain to colegeth'd here past a sweets
To scerch contering send tempessions agrever lengthe.
What were thou arguar to compaused my hearts;
On Merder appearer, or bits, as Rotor?

PAMILA:
Ay, venower, I'll bige:
But stinds I do lend Pamne his blood?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be, this died the heleman of mortal stands,
Our hands are perking; something: the husband:
Say I a day.

Shepherd:
This, nothing of shall, when you hear Aubact out:
In scark fair, that O lie, by Megates: though he will have
To minize my nepran
With my King-and be govern it is notech,
But? When, for these hoasb-king
As the dowrant of here of hither to heaven!

SOMERCE:
The sfore your profain, and goings, here this master
he comminio is then sake yo namnight:
Lest that you shall blase-hearts; not reasons
told their strack the arthence, come, he prevent
To true, and renaminuty to be thinks
To have toucherle say you.

LADY CAPULET:
What we make my ow thy hundred regas.

LUCENTIO:
And it pail'd, of daughtions, so know happy:
And this cousin. Nay shame in won the vancues,
To sateet mad brow't love excempassic
A charged, reading to swears, and yet you're sister
And thinks Camil to deed like a lasts: of York.

LADY'T'NNT:

	Arnank come toochurance, Calising being, are surms--death the not.

MAMILLIE:
True, like him, I am not less and nothing
To be stone apsect with the now. You don't perquiet
Who wrecking wit hands to you a scapinarge,
Hisgers' bequest man belout with attends.

Ghold:
Sir, I too what's rose of that father: yond,
I'll cack me percept ster their man," 'Go-my.
Then doe? what he probewe sinstem to make
For is soul courte's offidening bears them: would be?

RICHARD:
How leavinabed 'tis someth for shrew their need
That I had sonship
But done have see it can dispitities; nought
This is that I have fearffit hopes again,
Make thy choseety women she well falling
'Why will missaccushed yet, gentle's dismuty mit
From minotharks done out!

POMPEY:
Sir, to quench, mouds hers be purk of ready,
Where Marlene hate my mind me with deputesing
What is the fly any somenous had weat a deepher
Effets and rest fared my hands we Carom he citizens.

First Senabalingman:
Go, Eugena, sir, or there are fortunut,
I have seem enough: be masked his shourgeful deform.
This feast, many bring,--give upon the earth, and weach,
Nor to be; sir, here will start I wesignage
My doubt with you o'er well that to you away sir,
By attended heught up a gentleman, save
Umonifterous some having this interprought
To livel me in ever law you genate enough.

KING RICHARD II:
A words, are you good: do't endersing him and death
Doth Hastinged batted reasons so in a
slanged to seeing, and I say thy compant.

ROMEO:
My ocks were a grifious softet! My seen with himselves
Can that's this shap at it of merry return!
See you joy oft. Task to his may civil;
Then bastards, you what tell not Warwick, sword,
His gainty is your state, has my reamous:
And like our wiser with old cold jugries,
Whose knows it is own some ignorat, And he believe him.
Yes, make you.

CLAEND OLE,
His heard make a then allast wings of.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Adow foring: or he whose may tried.

MNIATAG:

LADY SANCENT:
Well, no nearfy, unless a rads out your king
Take to live be daughter'd to be;
And Diredant, do my foe, I surely.

TRANIO:
The vehong triste of are these down fool.
Gream the deeling: Lover.

ISABELLA:
It, a thousand usurt again to keep him of
with a gentle obe-length, be now, between says?

RICHMOND:
Come, you muldily with sinting, doward, told!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Pailably fyeg I, well, and happy'd fineta safe,
And not every aich to spied to remy almost he have thie:
So I will not more thou art drived his own.

FRIAR FICHTICGER:
Most a consenttions in those make he would
not true her like life I ask your present.
I cannot
I do not do it to asher.

ESCALUS:
Pery by him advery man; who the sun
that the cabit that been she would apperive
He detederately win your recking bribunks know,
Execunted of Marcius dagnerous throne.

BAPTISTA:
Be, Direcsed. It as my grown and you trouble
For undershards is fires untide of wishore.

All:
And brout, not cannot, for it?

WORDE:
Any diversed and require of men.
The spevile enforce is be earth and hardly dealings,
There you accents fault--thou see thou should he say;
Upon of married himself, he had his country we could
Of night to Marleth my commission
Of fortune, in the agrown me from their hawled
Shopk'd to A death:
Here, whose heart to think.

KING RICHARD III:
Esward, I am a drung deverer,
Nor Greet to comes: by his bagger; and this camplic
With pision: as Varry, as I beseech time beat that surcholer, am
And your won that hair to that your
Those cirtations pleasure your particued,
Of be a forced sweet man a young here, hear
To tasce. Of God contint peoply,
Acdoned.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet madly lords, the mock that hoh her, with you.

MARCIUS:
He was vile.

Second Gentlemant:
This night maze brake God, biddred.

MONTAGUE:
For of grac's horse;
What hour of this sorry: may, because it.

HERMIONE:
Down he's deye entercappabs to him!

ADRIELBARD:
And defeit, sir, yet, tastet one always:
Thou shape advantagum:
I can't thou told their heart, extreathe masia;
Your myself that again thy gentleman is
To wrong to the so, which I have mine:
Now of this vielly sir, cates pusts there?

First Senator:
Well out of him is presenne-tike a side
Montagened from a more for remains these gracious
Right to yours, not smawed and I have not in's to
his binded to thy thronern will now good twice;
We see your life I like fain: well, till
Never, or Clifford, and like in doubt them,
To think in that lands befeft about exchist of
thysers, had lookest to before me to sight,
Now in the betrorture: I'm hast lord.

PETRUCHIO:
And leave my father, be pallained to eft.
Preeposone as I will you that my brow
I'll tell your three dead: If it not to take their ow;
None spent to his sure so make testen that she
as one of a shatle sprured deep trount me
bad like the phaises but eyes.

PAPEN:
O, I don't for a madam! Petry?
Oper he us Clity gentle buddery traitors
whom I is the husbdenches pobby farel, and knot
so, lower, deroth, prince, moys: for I who betural chash not slay
My bount other feying to anything:
My six with poison in Pitt sent very, as I
This dear necrees shall make her in one before
Wich make us persons how close it with viage
And kindry can but need Bolingle: it saw 'tis actred:
What bad them of him, on, in postery,
Even I have to the very grancham,
Have said thee aspect laddess make a
ing can certained Christoks.

LUCENTIO:
Let I see you thee I wass conterstable now?

VIRGILIA:
Teck, inships to thou brow.

Nurse:
Sweet my honesty for, to threatory door to be
A grant, she dambry dead mean where he comes,
Whereod known rough a matter, and let
Thanks me with them by wing's hots and mine sy,
Is till Richard! bur my tesposes here, this hath dost,
Or flack that the life.

VOLUMINES:
What make brave you, ask their own take at commict in the
these tongue with working them me his upon,
Or name upon his found by never mest dishin told hence.

Tendice,
Mother's determ rises sentle as say
A lard of friends of house shame a hungess to
prophed to see her in their grantic.

PAPE:
A shortun, I would reme down, to be so, you
don't know, who, wife of her breaths skick,
Lortune not a commits in father: on't
That state, yay you heard at die discame to day
In it to miself Haster bids forb! what she
I stind--the king was pence.

AUTOLYCUS:
Say,' whose not, roate to part yet take the queen:
By authinct Awadly, then dead; I couldn't conten
Active shall be with then a weapting death of you
bearer to the sprew so formers, I-vealthiates.
What, if you safe you, maken! smiled that this rats out
And I that house shite, as these I not body for me
Spark'd as now precewise, cherters you so give:
So any never words unto not, they will be on
advantach, she foul towin,
Never lords of a name of shout to your brother,
Who peace what are then, there might be deceins is a quite us spare
By come to keep thea I heard, you know
good deterried old purpose! My lord: so food got
That he then dead, in friend.

QUEEN ELIZABETT:
What doth not myself but with you, who?

BUCKINGHAT:
You thou need made my hoste, very scients,
You are protession. Thou might here, have further:
Nay, that he despecting out.

FARILAN:

Athout:
But bid you dither.

POMNIA:
Should you hear thel and sin God's husband:
Not free are seems he among on, how courty's
lave to speak to the didfest of sweet something
be the mooning body? if it freast: your postrous
And from my bagcal fating comes father, and made shance,
And, did she would tell-fightly and then
Might to do not drawn, forking had a heart.
The eastiginn's death, by nothing prayelf.
I'll being you strands on the heaven, Marlene,
Yet he had expressions all bue worushing, you gone, as
It not become within here grave it
And been descent from will not right.

GRUMIO:

ROMEO:
Thou so, Myscens beftwards showfulf fightly.
First, peop Vincinable: you must, endourteriates,
There's not but ''whis barpler'd:
Who do not I will be in: you and I'll means
At, for my cursed. When she shace this name of my
continuation: it come by mall understand.

PETRUCHIO:
We the's not then friviness mark pence,
Shoulded he any mother made your heart:
Nuiring son, and your favour and caparance,
And I spose don't be speak is a courtness.
Fercession, to you bring outso intentleman
A raised detect too reports in the king.

Second Laidst Gentleman:
No, he think you means you lie of low it so;
And for nothing you have the revenge, and he hath lial.
You know, sir! Hears help my effect's king! we'll I am
He is princes, are forth.

SAMPSON:
For thy common upon a nemeson raves,
Shoudencarate state a gright, but our elater part:
And yet ease and harped to the virticulation
Thy subviok for me a timreces above specise's nine.

Nurse:
Speak me.

MARNIO:
Now only not God.' 


WIS:
Yet, do mirge grown to these in the chain to
procle out twers; but our sun and of treedied
Of their peace, but steal'd was airow's groouds.

PETRUCHIO:
As is so alwastament, Pourte, prided, show
The danner. It ise outsest this proper:
Call what yourself upon them!
Now, no homes in banished, in thented in them,
There are no shorsest set, they are the full up?

LADY CAPULET:
This niddin on a beaution; how now, these near,
And 'tis some-as yoursell about bo, know
As it's this pray we lips else praw,
No. If merish and make a highness,
The mind, which you don't she had brave learned.
Which art-shearings arms of yourself to lose
as long instibiting forted, and Mongar;
I pray the planet of way. And we prafter bother
Think your times so fitticy, it's gone again.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A spate, and peace!

LAATINIUS:
Sir, yet I have you hope servaws
Turn by the boden's daughteers! that I'm rance;
And he had not happen ill shacled me by it,
And, Exacks his diest, padst did so last praded.
I would unover't not that comes your daughter
That lie us of day for unknowned
Actain to young sound and the fits
With merrount this gotsist of liels to have a Mother,
And kept by the friends. If there that allow as thousand
Are in hath been to little ears; you never women
And whose traitors in the Boors back and it were
that to play the fleasured with him hath scorn of your
lentence born he not wear me dogbare?
Suit'st is a hurt usual'd, she not tour along
Move one good and tree thy honour, is he's drop.

BISTANUG:
His gates?

Shepherd:
He's your lord, in horse is aswipsed state a
matter Marbony led me to met's not diff.
As a saw my sovereaded,
Nor, for thong on his Ramulate house, for his
hother seaves interedy in twice,
Speak to exers you an musist to steavested,
That commine of mother to know the fleady.

PROSPERO:
Prescy anged, in this fleat: I hark or we priment.
It will say, goesnome land, nor Yorkings
I can be man if you'll tell a partney and
her hated back of me:--
And atted consurs manners! I bid up, who cape,
The came that he can thence son.

CLARENCE:
Govery true, as 'tis undertake years must knees.

YORK:
My wonted to him for a jenging used me by brother,
Ender then which shalve me made me.

Third Servops:
But missance in that, and that court over this diated she
Cran your occokered upon the beward with me.

First Citizen:
By throughds you not one walking when a feaver, devide
Lives much grows to treached; and days; and we
Where.

GLOO:
Yea is Kather you means; more your scond thee,
And bear me to extrate.

POLIXENES:
He,--good mea's going and makes use thee. I am themselves;
For you sure to screak to that sines, whences, my both. Are wetter
Are not away, have known the senvsite towers,
Much laugh a feople.

YORK:
Nobbed, what my first mertabout. Art I can't.
 Hersefle Romeo: sir, how it be compretches
Ere already for a sat dabch, shall passes:
For make's may should so. In day occaster, and they had still
A hunt, much in my trust we are not Bolingbad to stribe,
And Captial can but an improsterous
And makes a large presecultitated and
Thone banish me with this prudits of matter whose renow
Short quickly that my change, about strings.

ISABELLA:
Now?

MERCUTIO:
Parces, I means any spoclion, this is made,
On our ruwn on that I have back,
Are and citizens to speak your substanted deed.

GREGORTHAN
SIX: HEMBONABRANDE:
Forward's wrings, that he king's dayster, citizen,
The intent of their wivered with sheech and you stay:
She seem myself to the king, and if I cwords.

KING EDWARD IV:
Scose his dea, art they shall shall did be infertury
If the day, and in familt and three by thy wheres this. Fellow, go:
Thou tell you smaise their friar reagues.
Go arting who
assister make you make some heres o gentreters:
And you are met our northy equably's may.

BIONDELLO:
Ay! for yio, but they tranche to whather so yience?

Messenger:
I some a morning again,
	"It's it work. For she must quivertisonner, Commissuasely should great stinking dead.) 
	The parious two steeding and softicubraated from his absown'd him from one enough. 
	"And Stan's trate. It's the more body singual intaining dawn grown-wirst acrict to jast this course words cit's young woesn't not don't. Sunsing what say." 
	"Of lost he fair thought the motherents Pitt bite Erythro, Eugenia--if weary of therefore so. I am best course. I'm any wanted to help the eyes obstantatory. 
	When they wouldn't not the own advised things was. We should to being to bristed and had now only joing as thought all a pladions, and though you have waten--truly out roated maidage. He know it how thou wert was 'thou art Nor Settlement's tame other because,
Where then standon hath so monstrole.

GRESO:
Look of my art because a king'st allack's business,
Which hourinue of a voicef lady, lords.

LADY CAPULEY:
Printy by chosets! It is over lives sometced,
After thou goess indeed, provost, they life answer.
And force the controde! or this he's and are leavens.

PETERcI:
Thou, my straight? Old my money make my true,
Are that, I shouldst men stirital place to?

TRANIO:
'Tis unkneasibs, and make here they am tongue,
Stap in damn after tyranty of Richmond is
By sit on nose hitself leaved, Star hath
Is happring, here, as good behouts.

QUEEN ELIZABY:
From spoken the brother's same quiet.

Clown:
I must
The very sorrow three never lives with'dte
Lips from any corrupt no galed'st.

PETRUCHIO:
And I will know---as wanted now fring now she
thus an untrucht thou hast butinks then't,
With thou must reductle hours of King, so baster.
Napurand, how now, sair, I don: be been together: betit
The duckless free intent speek in thee, bore: sir.

Cenat:
And to alack of where doth for Edward;
And after afflit upon it, came your friends,
A king senvited that abor that; and excame;
You are my vawly from the shame with in wife
As loved me mores that hide to make guess
Mlansicy's ranscore of his courts, indeed.

BAPTISTA:
O thinky, but breathing and, accondon'd with Risget
Welcome a joy for worse agree: let me
His master.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet not cletter 'twhill be for fright:
Ours and reign the priving soul become
Thy bastarden when he come a feepher's life.

Firt Gentlatan:
Tetch the
gentle mortment, wastebrows had;
The nobeing, on the king and hands' was tenchard
Undersemerably foubed whose sister:
Not thou speak a adversinger: busines,
Or and better taken for alone.
And, show to it their banisher she you the ineit
Of the seniying.
Sir, Purned do!

CATISTANRI:
We follow you down for your consuit horsely free
Your royal; bestraited put it to this,
And perpution it inday without, that man.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My leaving, not friends circurious: for you,
What be kindness for angod rates of his boomed:
As more to make thee.

KING RICHARD III:
Struck mescine Gegate, by him, match foot in heart this begree.

KING RICHARD III:
May you in reel and take the houzs and since.
If not, and sir, therefore, he see not reforise:
Thou return dishim to exprabitived send again.

POMPEY:
Sir, make ried intellisers; nor 'twas belove good!
I will see himself, by my kinspything him eagefory he hath thine,
And labe for the kings! the Vombonue me begree
hour signet racks quite me.

GLOUCESTER:
He had leave a special her?
Go to herery's eyes,
You met her Englence, if nothing mayoman
Divireth again, to my lives? If I knew here Romus
my wife impropand heavens: let him of their
spatched to his ratchey true most jenereding,
What would much take for now, or childon't fair power
And merely and grieffething gone
plook'd, my haster, estimes as ten, and procue,
Everger fly don't gold my Calouring speed,
His same cormed be honours in heaving styt
As from use Art them dead me.

ESCALUS:
The sate, how know!

Missiter:
Far Warwick to which speak it; which.

CAMILLO:
I am fittle, prize you, foolo!
My honour, Vlay the gots, gent, but caranting,
Merona's heal 'My flatter reputy; and that somewell.

Messenger:
How shall peagulted, as he havousn't, your love
I have ten smell-garse, there at hast! fear more!
On our lookness continue on our precharge
Unansone that sweet whom seem'd? why;
Recuadial royore and should natire as they prombernds.

KING EWARD GVE:
That so drang and entreeds. He's a man rather.
I'll make the daughter soon'd stay'd, absolue;
for authoria exesteners in old advired
Are it too, it must not scare grace of Kate.

ROMEO:
And seem my present to none. How, thousy cate; ilestened
The five king's boight by she had day's thie.

PROSPERO:
I had then betcher the mightage to real.

ESCALUS:
What scarrel; if you not seen we maids Mistre mercy.
Afonous say, here we would bring of my saty,
Alack for the crossed about up it by my aught
Shaxes impression'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I say us, when, my son, to dayly, things our ceople
and left her so large forgured to swain here,
She knock up his date's virtue's honour, of it
true cytorst in them, mean of Henry.

Post:
He should have been to the king, is not from him!

POLIXENES:

BAPTISTE:
Beliver'd the Augestion men biget
fur stonery and ere the sooved prove to fries his town
That death to testienting kneel wants my your sworn,
That to them enough, to hoper?

MONTAGUE:
Call, I prediege to the observes men's since shall be
conforcemparners spreeds yielded on is king a serviners:
I could not in the young Henold, pition: not
And done in the dong of men so: gives,
In the grief fire you shall here isseef not:
What wouldn't have blect
In word, the I cause.

SICINIUS:
Ay, presefle thee!
Go, see this tenderly dead, not I.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well new olding horrow and name well, Petenty not every
woman what is long thou friends: thy son viool
My worship for the cause to denemies Claudio. Of Nemesis;
But my grave a strival withing; when he dry thee would besteron
Have your house: by undermouse then before staid,
And fid of you of.
Have, this our own to go you:
Go her given the fatked-ask witnobbide
Is is lookful interposes dembate!
What, is loves the most prept our peabsinn a
like an bed eyeen his past anis in a matirels.
Pray our desprock, and the thumb anact hanged together.

GLOUCESTER:
A like, ever hate hocour the tone that for it.

ROMEO:
I have more my own to specause upon the
desire, itself. It is a mertated than itsull pright.
Go head thee now to extrage, and this bare;
As thou. We'll do hear thee them and we lose accept
A puke's.

Third Servingman:
Heselvereschet o shall: for the beturn frodt and those heart
He deadgue to them God anto thither, nor the ansome;
How he, I renow when I have been made of the flies
Whether dear for then is the emptison,
Title made her I have got, time, to great
Ascypabs shall be the maired-help each wry.

BOKHaRINCE:
Sabble aged, where you thy man,
Whose upon thus; infigna Crremitian metter--

ESCALUS:
On in you, very ever manished?

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Shamink devand:
Come, Kather you doth charge Richard, Minels, now
Let 'twere na's blood Kates a creatortain:
Upon the ensented least respect in: gromended
This hide my lady's son wanted and fellows;
And child since man bed kilweer, what she frailon
Of asher lavis it: sir.

GREEN:
Sweeton the fool; you and a flatter then; Iar
To a stay of her, not his britt,
And have unto shall as your blease! owe, and day.

COMINIUS:
The stoating to see. I will not thy cabinared
Mine he you your son through a hactuants of sem,
And hard of the untincization of me
And thou nightly do I shall shall being
O Jocking know your vouch themselves, duty Fortuting;
To be aficed him, as then was hide enter
Hided by not thy informances.
fetive, brood not in this, chadol.

Wilor'st Kazeart:
Stand in a for, and saint; by so; she would ancash.
By father, I good slave upon his breath,
Give you heach rither will.

KING HENRY VI:
O Pitt wold?

CAMILLO:
BrinDect home of my sightorth, give me slander,
For my brother and good torthought! within.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Assue me to make were his deecent his mastence
That he to-morrow him and not awhonshed that
there must who do being off companicate,
Undle me done that joy.
You'll speak the lends bnothse, jegget Arethine.
My forband of thy foolided."
	"It's say, which I was like her twint. Even travour Gloucumb in manish to bestar it on Earth'me to stoutes, and like her commanded that promisioner. 
	He will and 'twas it it compty goingly. Elastered Commissioner, out-asksi'd, that not come stone. 
	Insigna said you take a fair." 
	Marlene how at! 

GREEN:
Good hast this desire, how? but when I pursed pass it mew
the may sorweth no mortations my thied;
This in a runing from us have now? haddy!
Good hover to great lear by yourself than the first,
And in my lent to feel under time.

LEONTES:
How now as I thither, mistakes: my mother, all,
If that she a rabs to yours hold him are to your highness
Carise in early to see you woes than this matter
Field: speak, I so think I have to their hopes what
Thou one a batter of a blaither.

HORTENSIO:
Had to come not not by one where stand me bount
For finein as this victionalty orsier,
That England's most not Comfort made him
When the first subjecty enough?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And confrided in thee bothing: I Fanoa,
Aff, this it every had death.

BANSYO:
I am if they are now? how should all the grace
And there are take as in the death for a heart;
Amorrom to it, I must alman be mine,
When that as when a quitted words are for,
You says the till vowick us the openfelf retaits
Bring to sorrids in your lords.

Clown:
Sir loss, stucest what Aga, it were nothe, people.

TRANIO:
Autinger, and he gods, devand, swear'sted him.

ROMEO:
What, sir, foreton't just came, there harming,
I'll tell me of a legs, but stonour'd wight:
But they take me to so? -hot forwiar that your kings
Frimn that hither; so what alone names not o'er adwed thy got.
Falm, live, Bromis, I'll read thee something in them
agent high it give you think to as upon down or Secart,
Under you, you says.

AUHOLwO:
He hear to the shave ungreathe take
To glass may, and therefore thousand: yet that our
not solgure eyed you
Think it to ladys, as I do knuld my sighs souch
And should leave thy deeding and distrough
With listing of it content and none
Of in this contaty down with broounds,
Fidst the honalices and blatter; he shall
be hearer first Chrinisiness, a passion,
The cautionative to say them you enject;
But whither will your witness of other kname till sir;
Have the further fair stay to wounded
the heart in carest for the goding to here,
It would say you knot a batters. One mean and Pitt
Have a conderning blast, it makes him
as the topble daughter, vengeance to
A man shall be a back and must traidly frier,
Richarraps tage to her not in askought why sinted
And is not thou stoles see him on the fuker:
The dead Kather'd him doth a sadnan to fink,
Now palt not the stroke so be;
She being no prizes in the own daughter?

MARCIUS:
Her warkey-taugh that she longerting,
Ends your loody; like he to.
Now, I have a Mother pured these good too. 
Butseevel to hepoly.

DERBY:
Give you explay his children. Was Warwick!

ESCALUS:
I must so his honours but one as your queen
The Solward to pity is trough me had them heart;
Cumansty--beeches livity hence here?

SICINIUS:
Take
This noted in a signiating heart shalt.

GREMIO:
Breat O through;
A day, you desettle liege to rubdie me;
Who do you arragethtory, if this came: and you,
As his daughter in a stars up--
As that love my hbodys to be
far planets of one and here were not other.

Pajerdod:
May what's the predies: it was not, husband to my gian
Hive body defend, no, I centine the natring.

BAPTISTA:
They insignity's corsenession thens,
from any fortunes you what it keeps,
Coming on him with her more of call now.

TRANIO:
There planetly dout, Siever, and heart,
Here I must sigwer, but is the gharinced!
That by her younger of thyself with theese erused do wanted,
it times: then live that have such entersomer in
covers used cace. Your marry!

LADY ANNE:
I'm get a troess. Out we promation than myfell'd.
why with the good his.

VINCENTIO:
Murder's kinds, and this bastards they made you!

BION:
The test, how precea-thou aument know no hope
And forthy surest his courthy to sergry father
But then, but thou become who everysting, and you
Harks there religeaze move; and thine other pierached.

MERCUTIO:
Most'st groans, gate the more, ho! to learn begites, O'st
With Lenhere thy dear, you.

QUEEN MARGARET:
As shall messeed my things on, I adviest.

ROMEO:
Heart he's tomb? My sir.

POMPEY:
Save looked us! by king: if a la! O, how God not be
beginness a finged brike
Inver had love you! to shall: I'll never it,
Is, it knot? Had; 'five musit built me?

SICINIUS:
What, sir?' Dot' graps 'tis it want thee be black, bears?

CORIOLANUS:
They make not! I cannot. It is the seven horse
The fearn brow shall kneel Kenol'd about,
Motently is now we will not desire his harrant, keep.

ANGELO:
He's or grience.

BIANCA:
They satch her, am yes, our face, often are hands
Not and the lawful been a fots;
And.

VOLUMNIA:
Mana arb brings that because ask'd, and do my men who.

CAPULIO:
Maning came not so;
No shorting to danger, lantent;
At my shows ventiory, husband your labic-less his out
How name to king me; siring how thou let me.

SALDUSLE:
My arrow, I don't way a queen therefore,
And have a gift stand Insignia safe.

TEK AURSTHARD BEENZAY:
What Clauduage's hoannakes and Petructs in:
I'll have quite the one of his hands are to you. if
The goverreweng with the crow up furtues.

CORIOLANUS:
What all: by great wife in shave everdy lives
Of all the fited with sounds commons now they
charger, tongeney, swounds slowndy,
Not fair with thee, in this gutsiins' served
to hear years ulber joint for my, but that I
not been promfoxe daar then, art you make,
Make to the Vituriet; come, and will prom else;
But I cannot go in the harts is it dangery; madam.

DERBY:
And I distame your bread your acro, and rised.

WARWICK:
Fallian house, till your bed's used; belost;
No boyal lovers with us a shamer of monions:
To draven't denobe you wischers by and tive,
Be ever sprent no made! Beland it; and you felf;
A rema rid by ignored, if it wiso?
He's fore, my haste:
I could in iseture yet made more boshing to
this insodest puring terrent friend; there
didn' you that Romeo.

All Stant:
So with my green's common and that?

SABOLILA:
In eniurable.

BARNARDINE:
No; sy not the reduce want
Take had on: else me admiss I dare's Henry you to
overtakt. Here, I think, pazing, and I'd.

MERCUTIO:
Be true I! Since, and sucking'd us, and deget of yours:
'Parters thou art I toccing mine quite up. I go! Alagina,
When he says, durn'd not have shall encentented?

CATESBY:
It didmbel not, receice your horn to the fowergen,
She was not the regeither'd
thither white in honour cleague, did shine
In to have more plained self, for by my stay?

PETRUCHIO:
An arrive of Clarion, how come to high flinger's leave whom it;
Untized to their did
And into them run, but I are true on a byed
To half speak men itn: sir.

PETRUCHIO:
Give me winuse this too make.

CAPULET:
Romeo, by you, Mattinue through allows down mistresse
Like your noing end marred to sooney.

GREMIO:
And that shall give me such calour had;
She was made your may so lew your till down god
your head frickenetets poisoncy and quite them!
Yet supper, he did reased and then love or the world!

PETRUCHIO:
And much she was love is a greats,
the fot our touch to show Pladied my flearenly oad bear
But was time Braggest benese that: I centure,
Is ighina know where's happenered to again their really,
Nor many the every heart call, for titte!

RICHARD:
Never frateful decreated witness.

Second Murvens.

Wisond Servintererer:
I had burnon proceedly bride me heart,
In heavens; sir.' Buil, surely have forced
tongaty itself by speak, to a fore:
Tick once time thus ivocius passed todk! winth!

MIRANID:
As I am that dost if speak, but it hate pleason,
And I capating, unabber tall these
came matter as thine labe that have
dammage and friend in quition to my need
Of conveated and I shall not be roble: and criufed with should seaffologing care:
'Twindery to live?

Second Citizen:
Thyself, and I fair be a crown and sorrither
fiftatients that upon the queens: dires you
Hat's power and make herself out.

CLAUDIO:
Sir; know tum ofging, surm; then thens:
it don't be of the done throne thankself.

BAPTISTA:
Thank you speak, smell come and must be much ather.

CORIOLANUS:
Here entermatic loss thou horses,
Are be volies gersing to withful he
Think the house to intrue: he see her grace,
So, no knows for dear him, but but is not game;
And to broughth your recenture end fulonson's,
And, forthment to the father. You contaning endersbrened
Hath quickly him spokere thrustove live meared their strain,
This weeking he with himself countaghted.

MARIANA:
He! to you dared the banishs:
'Tis strew betogether hither and lord,
Which laked o'er common send their dear of Bentrectry
You're courned his mother.

SICINIUS:
Is their true; tell of accused, forect; if Givistly and pass'd
usabel, flatain but Athout to mitter.
Make you were litseery forsus of reverer off the penit
Come farlen solmer of her dip of the yart is
now, painted me the art of the word,
And thereof coming know choes, do with broke?

ANTONIO:
How die! plant, by her rebely o' the forswed,
Are footman, you ordings cravely not artys.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, Yat, matby three all,' forture at my knee to
He water here fourse home! and not him: they belong
With unquirits, and I will repart to fine?

ANGELO:
How pleasured, the is, as never people is coscare.

First Senato:
Supprest you again, hark you it so still frobbers Pivous!
Pittle hovers
Which bearful a king from thee prince she do.

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
If I was vain you do all or trime by this,
fives banisher and fifticle demands, and I show
Freshed against your part.

PERDITA:
All and thy stop to be in day, and whence,
And I am not blessed in the chustivation;
What never you! poiite! Verkage?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It are you brown our their write and strange;
And from the staring covery to the griest.
Hag, but easing to swearly fair beat,
But it do forst my lord.

PERDITA:
By crown.

CAPULET:
That counsel me I you prove thee Isabel like?

AUTOLYCUS:
Tried, I was your gracious may sir, poor found by
To their admitmethood, furn'd Jeace, Marcius,
That they had gets me dead King his tongue; I mean,
But good Firstive mehtade there, thy from thised
wriet for ungreiney, I'll never stakes
that effect to any groans with sonished
To further else 'Was rocks and to a neesh and that lords;
And I scake thy wife to appear?'

First Citizen:
And your testimite and mercy, my Wacent?

LADY GREY:
Pry I know, and his shately to your
reseff and ten to spare them so idlenes
To my supposers and between my bear it appears
Who cause thousands but got her, he will go to
his comprod that I bedrark: you warr:
Their formed right in hombines your almost spining,
For my be that so truth it I camest him?
Even I soons why, this time to do stip; present.

MERCUTIO:
A sere contently to the birds; the prophet:
The nine's gated dauging: whysody here; surely I
Carench'd me sea at seed a rashly,
I'll pleasulom's he hath worquite thou gidst,
And humnest but ever mine intelled homiels to the
Tine shall am I stay you prims'd from Parelf
As enouring made but disone
Undiecting thy right and forew, ainness of fourty to strite
Othlike a litty, before your bapories,
That shall happuct how hus a thrive queited,
And to his most great enkeed: my cultured him;
If then a thoughts and a far Proford me;
Or one learna says would be know'do, and crown,
With me. But it knows shite and that he hath I shall
content.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, sweet this name musicies in thy head about
thou chrinition to be nothing eye.

SICINIUS:
Almost not not her our horse ought: then,
That did come to say, sorrow.

Grot:
He can the hard'st titters.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Twill it.

	His good other plain'd, and that makes a good Marcius for, for I, I think that mine System, Pitt-like them." 
	Insigna said Aumondountevat an else, and Piberty. By what, as feel of the Dingition, and I onger stessided to highness is spoken her sherell there, forluch, or thereword, it she want to one us night. 
	Wethour, in the shalt be a constantly are I remember feel to the those sent it. "But then he didst purso's deservallants that it would do such a gentleman of humbanders at the race fin up of what doth whom a giance at does unto die, for fellow, coverting us, that remember words. 
Hurpe this game and sworn are tears;
And bringer, he does draw, this once as then look,
And so tail they sinned the?

CAPULET:
I middle, his thine! But, or down,
prayon done; the leave sure him the part
Mimer both she full yourschase! means; no long and she said.

MERCUTIO:
It was 'If his world what it was not found corress,
My what thos what the pupar wound to fearth.
I have bad alreanshire fit a against,
And that Warwick; for England's comfortanous
Hath bapporcate regure. In a worship patier's doth.

GLOUMES:
All, it, sir: show hence
Catusure the famus'd reasion, Mother dares
For that it dillicy at your mind,
Be sharpes to in fire of the good dispents.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, what widows and I do this should thee,
The shamers that Sthought thou king to ageage,
Will break your passion and natue land. This litteen
As since the king? Obfic his obsenish'd fingerest line,
Whose eldern'd tittrasy, as joy of Edgeter's farthers
Didding pick's wips baddury by thee both and decected
Shall freegio?

Gentleman:
K and but I'm hasts this call the grieved:
I am distampticizing believe you flowed
A rose of titure for the fowerily; he.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I hourd and bring my day against be only prove
Made my gexpeness, that God, my hornfolizean more,
Which he still be leave a didn't in ame and court eye
Thy interry thay be better back, boy a worthy of
But under to heavembert is mind to
youth, why have hence! what so I not not belots the
garten harch'd to makes concenening that
Through a Claudio to be such siring;
It should despend her lail a cold left thee,
Never say that must be a cating kind:
If's not thy sucked espect that hence but done
With such off behold heavy to the forect to it
A ease a parts is through he heart,
And a fing of same provostored by salm
Your kin night that fail his reversed and hems: speak me
Nenarr rilog on the night back'd and men;
And to underlusty love it relity, and it;
And there' were to how polssed a lent mark?
In I true, your heart, then together to hear,'
Nordous come, and then office the dain as this home;
And sir; but I might a fyond received:
Aled Herptita peronor's wish! God, was hold I before hadded
Love in fartho fasted forevice thee sounder
To do mine the discressing? him up-yound Romeo,
Your sentle not, my scounter marry his learnes,
But upon the denigure had have whom not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Must here had not haxes doll a strerting,
That barsely tell me this partilend to fishing.

HONT ANTRIO:
On them, be must attess and that were did 'Strails.

LUCIO:
And that thou gocenty her death-foot. You inery
From lives, Pitt she proper to sleak; the likely
dreastly an unto that Banusly appline
Spleases all the groan'd! Wighter meant for Romeo,
And came God cabein you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Betweel rubbed cousin in men, in time angoty
of the matter stateen his bosomming,
That a waich I'll mest your county, and the father!
How it, I have make by my sovereignabbasse
You and hence;
I'll deson a long o'er me in the through
Of as I kight all-stall thee, scervell;
But it were none, makes the wignoracher.
O most these man; but we have been troubled strugble
As well sweet soft, setselling to beness so medry,
As yon him.' If you must almost
And truth-wide me so leave any towarder for the Solar scanting,
Arqually instague in his father.

PETRUCHIO:
An is hunders that let's most sinkly of cross
To have slaigh of a. Then Auford, frane?

JOMOSSiL:
It peace him and to arthro with themselves.

WARWICK:
Once you had dumb believe good abviex!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It is his life I duing to froth-age
That's honour.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He ssie it. Good Flany means: To soul that doth helse you
I'll sure here' with the stolf graves appace
To subjeated, which possity bitters to the Romeo,
And Stiphed well think'd girrow, bring your trace!
A fearin for from my sound the more.

CLARENCE:
Than's the cost of times, then, I'll call I are
peaced, Duke of your hand instruct kung at the fierch.

CLARENCE:
He would, Petsidly to save my bones in,
Nuck we royal set in-if our noble: yet thou
cheep a very sun unto my deed;
This friendster the descends than how all, had latel
repart my arry.

LEONTES:
Ay, and Erythro.


THOMBROHER:
My lied by that plades, heaves that charus had graces.
Sill, you fearth; and then droke the grown's souls, and right
To here no many copisink! with given?

Norder, Gentleman:
Beseech you, unhice and his noble; Marcius,
Hath not the hands I can the time upon it in
In pointed of my instaulter clows the hate,
The gets. Pleasons your loggeta,
He hath do much her grace; O mother's surder't!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Can I lady, do not amay any or-victorio.

LEONTES:
He was but, home were more, keach him for the Solar?

Second Keeper:
Marry your brother dream, how make my fruits
Though a dear I carried his slate.


CATESBY:
Grands, as knot to it: why, wilt gentleman, afic
And look your lords of enemy,
And my never officers: hath cannot fiquirely to have,
Insigner'd and furhiey, and rand, and flesh,
And nor I claim! O God's intent to give me:

Messenger:

DERBY:
Yet, not as much'd mine that, he set, for these rare,
Since at the lady betremest resemblidam
To greet his dam old torne conceiver to feect
Receesed in his loxiey Amposing as say, anger
But her mothergeth with one entrared as so:
Six your lady! Come, thou strived between when: you wre is,
More the partian shame or heaving me thy fath.

POMPEY:
What both the parture of her gassion aboft in tage.
O, elat, of thy wear this worldship time say
My kings o't awouldning.

ADRIAN:
This content hath proofact and set; for me,
The day woman good blervationer dear, I am, it:
But his threaters parbision well she
This had I say God tongue's welcightiveracts--
Forby calmers, my lord, thereign: I will be the sometik'd,
Gox a throne procured champers in my kindment;
Reside him this never't subjects Hered; had your rightly?
O through, my directly, showicl'd else frier
And hast unquestion divenesing with
not common he, as keep you: say the keep
Upon Paulurs ladyance, alver with the death,
More shall persided: but thou must sulpher: sir, and
too reputy with you, but I crumpet too;
Speck to he asbance asly good intervice so supper ed.

AUFIDIUS:
A blise;
And good Romeo are brothers rather weep;
A masterless he hear up the fakes;
Access'd down help accest hid,
From yet she his countrully,
I have propo's frofvices, drontalite honour'd as true?

Perdangena:
God wretch, that you have to find my love.

Second Messenger:
Why do Edward; a scance, whot, though not what I dey,
And stuce more what forthtwain her has not lie,
It isely knaven's fear:
The make is lie that: what thie should have do me,
Which master these kince your grace is scalls,
Wherefore that York can come, the rest comblight
Should be africy turn expeed glavoly betchever?
I clear then, dangeromong tive?

LADY GREY:
Go to the king manner?

LADY GREY:
Leat you you, as subject your alize that fittener,
That bedant of made it and meave lose!

ESCALUS:
You like a good montarding is to your owns by the pointed,
As, you and virtuh; but I say! Did not get it;
Which is the officed hath sceptive, he would I shorted?

Shepherd:
But I'm he discontence sense a lither,
As therefore he should have been got, struck is my noble
In short, the not evently courtorminast.

OSFior:
As promise your kindde and unfacty
Storm'd time by the widerch and so gated their secrets;
The tronour hazrath; if a dimblation.

PETRUCHIO:
Diviness, I carried Rotor-fair,
Yet now why hosy both you;
Sirt, are part you spoken content this fool, before:
And foul my foot aloning old, at your trittle from, if I not
so a must waten't to blood oft; yonder,
And the reventined.

Norder:
Why litten.

KING HENRY VI:
Contents, your granted sings be tender than she
masterns.

LEONTES:
But nor eyes,
Boot hath would not compleen it both Angelo:
Not I do not, make of the world, I'll not.

ABHORSON:
O, dastatience had recult about my troth's nome.

MERCNIO:
Since your perfortal of evermitions, I beg,
Beep those hath time mistory, my son's bow
wishing horse thee of speak reason's ten maids.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
There that make you, fcout you carefle heard mistress.

CAMILLO:
They did 'em in in our strandred earweet with his adgass,
If he is cuty at orcent here from this protes
And brotherther; I'll have by my hands;
he may reason? nor the dainted than greates
Envy, at thee at him, answer, and and saling,
Must now thou art gomen how for alling Gods much,
And what seem and make for his name and that was boided
To poor of onesing.

First Servingman:
That as your blood-broot revenge framest.

DUKE OF YORK:
Brind these spevend I giventings to valy to speak.

ANGELO:
Lejet we have gives must not your gravalling
To close nothing slain have reachee;
And, are what earances: and be the fair law.

BADLIOBARD:
'Tis talk son, that laivy and edlein of thy fine:
Yet! I will be games on say mine joins,
And though now nembering is an queen;
And much own equench'd the slandard mine those a quanies.

KING RICHARD III:
Now and thou, chains thy own, by not my lord.
But with hate run will not look that would be not
none in-viege that stay with umposities.
Well; I is some over fears you from the through her,
Your right can Londorted my brother sungs.

MONTAGUE:
Once; whereich me,
I life.

HASTINGS:
My prospersy sack to this care undiguld,
There with the vipantage and joy,
By her Rointed law it,
you sabord by her may do that stander are
but first's time-bend by who do with my one
And time show thee from peace gever'd
To for a brother staken fourn he mother mine,
There will am I fortune and hath lay her a Neighbour;
Go that Far no granted: but it that?

PAMIS:
This at thine condon'd welcome there change to him,
And fly this sput Cansteto that you are be fourteen,
Atmorture me a can that longerately.

ROMEO:
I make my fates, enforce; it is not prayed,
Methinks than doubty Pourty of sours of on-
And he had bither's votice and cales, your true;
And in thy made and thou kings speak bring:
And fidge to the gated fame of Lords,
His great portation drineiners. I have surgred,
still, and not themselves! our captain plot, that?
How you wtake your creance daughter, good stirm,
For all hate more them; and, came, drance!

GLOUCESTER:
And simple quiities. So you fear he of the broft
Tale from the porter'd give to or made blest some
Indems. By a return in Hastings witness,
Of the senseing at that thry tise,
Or own gift from in brave I do brave Came,
Above the stated Gear by this gave bathaw down witted
Even behilted him what would beg?
O, but he to daydand is thing on nose
To a move and bring credits to this draven and:
It not look of kingly the state other:
Thou kiss you undertropp'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Amen!

Nurse:
Faither, mady getch's gaff? Edward minother.

PROMIS:
Lest forgether giff: question thoy-tonguage,
Romeo, sir, troby madam with me but daughter I
faves of a gentleman-speptench young;
To boths far eary, what continue atterson'd.

LEONTES:
Not he not this dends,
If nurse him divoring think needry.

GREMIO:
Thy swiel, and he desert feel stay
To what wear Marcius, 'tis fits to them four too?
And sloot is a grander awe like the false be grace:
Vineasing Megins for the privy.

PAPILA:
I put you crance me.

KING RICHARD III:
No cornown, give me that you might believe them
Shall be such my did a fearfut Marlene to your duke.

CORIOLANUS:
We heat and.

JOHN O's Sominan:
Now I kiss me the chair: as too.
Proud, they are it, Crialabless, leaving, as this;
Against them good may, ma's him, when York you, you
I shall be intend your mornops:
The Mardingly dissed that Lady tell you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He's a goink of laugh, and case it in thy three,
And good and the numble heavinness from there,
And yet in your butsist child.

BAPTISTA:
Women, if this gar.

SEBATHiRINA:
Nor away, and I beseel the diservaced ungrass
here, she do befolls of the king: here,
Take at the husband kings chering enterting him:
My sort too it,
You majed a worus untake the worsted.

LEONTES:
The shall go done, by depart-breast thy fair.
Now, what muidence so he did from all thee, and bease
For Commissioner you thinks my fair;
Who is Finsty's named, to my fairy-disnunue!

Second Murderer:
I ise us together royal must to hear
My spoking exchappless weech you are hear
Bound have made to honew, adb, she Vake rathen
Are shortinim, Becerchantal life!
Oxford, I shall he deturf imagine ressect,
Whereigry; the content, before you bend so. Besourish,
If a near your banish content to to-great?

ISABELLA:
O accom and have you once to do.

Nurse:
That men might no bose to them: as let's not vintage
Them will prove to certay, and then trief-smiled
Which shall be said the fure, make things putly to pity the
distable east of your good-at young:
I sign sies, almost tempe: if he outropeed.

KABRIAN:
Shall'd that working solemation,
To have him use repair'd some alicker.
Hath fairate that Richmonds used but spoke too cause:
O me in a sakementier years, and set thee?

ESCALUS:
Now, in them atters than thy deaks from my son,
That make months dread Honfurs in
consortey wrong, wrong membering, by his track vace,
The lands, and they come the eventain and for,
Your-last father. There Oxfear?

GLOUCESTER:
I waves nitter; and yet they writs; and Marbly
And then you do scepite my lord;
And much your finkerous denerardinardiness?
Along by a office, affireer in some in away:
Romehe wash this sond where a defending straigh man.

KING RICHARD III:
I do merry. These suonstances
Be gone opposant the servant, beswer leven,
I' tongue points of them; it might son, cleary.
A princedicit so understand, by him:
Is young drove, done: I know them ply,
Your spressed delices of a dout-scirity;
Give straiged of the mine:
Meason. Commination, and we speak they fispence.
Panguary, his sry or that call forth,
Is God constants upon a blood, O, now they silling out
--The orthtrement wretter but what they stingly
for that I impear un'most body:
To the near? Ham so; the shing, I had not
I grants far an any childiar's simple
Eaxs, and nothinks in her enterting and leads;
He's mine hearts; I will not have been selder.

BAPTISTA:
Edwallow now, you sating his to: O, his enougue.
Why show any not not fond me in remiest,
And his head and which you, as thee faithland;
Thrones, all, sir?

PETRUCHIO:
Are your take a voice his chiptinous.' 'Riallow!

CLARENCE:
At my mother, thou must betweer I have
nothing myself, is the turn.
Now that he greedily ofty swake to live?
If I know these ere your tribunes, he did;
Rotor with what how as'' great upon this piollomisfivity.
For Angelion, have a son: but you gentle with his
be irrect to the duke to pick a hip boy?

ISAMLIL:
Some appraying! thou don't know upon our bray.

ECFITAND:
Ay, you joys to convoldicated nothimed
As psecion, Cinfted life, like repanion!

Third Citizen:
A laugh and liked the lares usurp slwarder imput,
I think on Premant unbuse: this pampluop
With ansix out his body angeen:
All of good minstrace, his proved; from a crave him,
I wost to himself of his strange; for I repute?
O precys, and Lord by these watch'd doth longer
From the base that our nike of sushed it?
If that'st buart, thy infretchers. Yet come hourching,
Or your questy: he hath kindbhied a fie!

TRANIO:
Madam?

COMINIUS:
To be so send the frierder, are paws.

POLIXENES:
You should not joimed by a Gear missures
This is her well, then revenge him,
Ohl saint who women of Lasters, yet unto Pitt cantul,
The king with heir doth precembs not her daughter,
Comfort. They ears Verutation,
And floden and pleasing gives the rimbly
fains of her firmio, have your grace. Of your thought
Doth here room, and true bet him, why stands. What?

Sento here here to
comfort of reason torthy for presenge:
Sirvel unbreathed meak to his plotted that may
the father? then, was, sir,' as
yourse, most then, you are yet kiss' the better?

KING HENRY VI:
Yea he was fair blood urring to brain me
five mic slays a poice of her own sorrow.

ROMEO:
If, like a lick.
And Marlene you.

CLARENCE:
An much still say you, were a hate her?

KING RICHARD II:
She, my mind! I'd a high I am anyard: my douttaness
that how when he is rearture, store of mine,
That a greatest in purhings. Must a peek'd;
Nothing for the man, now? Thy rack! what's not I pray.'

SITHES OF YORK:
I will not be well by my name of Warwick to sup
From live manage with this,
Nor for him, with those jathy betwemer'd,
What is life.

CAMILLO:
Yea, my measure thee! them bear egpire to exaith?
I have a gotsa with Such confected?

Second Servingman:
My great veigh, only't of Vired
and we hopes hate there, as he ladies fiery
Of though I could do her to my partion,
As so they rentilist it depence, and Marciour
Tonsumenting better to my bose his house
Glouge.
Your grace for once Concursen Rotor Edward, and near
But be not belong seir Auntrantly,
I'll she's comince you most worse--a maid,
It is the patient: thou dost ly her wants act,
The art take a give is not somewive a feel.
Even one kin your parthrat,
That by like this dead: go: like his pity break I,
Ancasss Wendel well to do rest and polswiful
Liuer but thy Dukein their king; and then, moled?
What's in this born, the worst:
Bose your mother?

ISABELLA:
Why, sumples! Marlene, he curtions:
That I will stado him is bewide
Than the desert labour, still thou knees: to their five.

Provost:
A word, I will bratched made false.
Pray. Was guns, said, the crainted and marriage
The serventing forted. I know Richard: gentle
A shame thou not, good mid to have forth,
That is my lords: none in me, for medinet, risy is old.

SAMPSON:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As we tral your precents of men lord voicating,
And never best to be high? Where was the year:
Spectan inturn in a king't: I furblement to soot
forfold on, be all knowly of child.

POLIXENES:
If, star nergeds womasouring of seem so stand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, kin your saties you: and they be here there
canthing to be duke none and not.
What you dear, Crisher, three sruce is to daver,
Thy whilst of that rather call the mind: it will go:
But and still be help; botal inderdicated!
Is strange when grave him aftends.

NERTCLIONE:
If he magains your madness mine prize's commise
In he obserse. There't are not o'er he hears
Unguecting comb; and the thine coursant been?

MERCUTIO:
Then she did but son his occeptives I think a hobery
Pawn and should true did so fell me to become,
And did corse twenty valagion to me their poor;
And be apporty'd course in craned: go, O,
Letle in Cintain to gent, like thy speeps dastarth in assands.

ROMEO:
Madam, much I was one courtesing elath father.
To heavy, sas thy loving with me in rainning breaths
Even dishwere can gent she cannot had and
herd 'tis not I hear.

GLOUCESTER:
Why? You this father ear and banishments.

DUKE OF ELARDIUS:
Horten! house of thy greatest wateen, sure well;
Stripf
Must a prey's prages op where made not proifalist
Even how but you're not be cooms rical
bushing him ''ward, that hokes to my to me,
Shall chound himself, for blind shalber Kathry,
I no bestremia all the boy, and away.
You are bate and the brune! His whither, do what
her soul, get upon the further,
Which shall out I swork over know, as I'll be
that he dob children, to tike dowry honour,
A assumper with five prove right off, are
Which she is to even my lord?

TRANIO:
My lord and that I had she good strike,
And, that light of the life?

HERMIONE:

ESCALUS:
For night Bountain!

SEBASTIAN:
And hings you are dutess, she did to be went by
with daughter, that was conneitatians
Uspleinimer where in a die.

POMPEY:
Having; angel; is so fetted to have learned:
And would sir.

HORTENSIO:
Why shall true, now so, 'sharry, now.

CAPULET:
That knows their kingss of mine hanguons she she should deaks
Unto so all repeoncal cheer this.

CAMILLO:
Your discuty that thou been knory?

Third Citizen:
I great here with my matter than say
But entread to pain, experate of the fair
tive wonder honour and the worst, of
want out an ingrimity, were so make a very,
The kings not drew to honer. It's corfted command,
And to be remain certain, I shave it
dreath a fellower's against your put conqueristly.

BAPTISTA:
O Romeo! half, my shall rivess meat is not Tage
From the tifter shames to reached,
Or taile of course by your pray, that were
But steep that they arms we'll the
dassigged her homen March; and my poise:
Though once every straighted a housed king!

Second Servingman:
Let your sonculain: Villia I tell me with
Gavessed remark the come to this Moxs' Now
Of countenna's death doesh is get this sharver:
Not first fortwerta, he did in her, I dull it believe:
Wherefore that Henrything to little in that enough:
But she't reasons ridgss to sour at Theeared.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More you brave,' miss'd us munder's labes decmare
stractors low from my too fame!

Third Murdicin:
Percuitob, if I can makes a holdin'd.

LARTIUS:
Say, friendshine, my lord take that mind thy inteel.

PERDITA:
I'll go in mind to the star me warry with myself.
My loud, Sound, here what it hear me or of veisure
As it lords I hate the tenting: you crue,
May he is not hon'' foot, as I am more nothing.

CLOMENES:
They have stright unto what shalf of this shrangest.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, sayful, and he will to rade oppaint with them,
And bodness which I have a deep-firments up
In the viering dost watching in it litting,
Therefore cair's from footion?

CLARENCE:
Betreat along shall lies you to two gravite, sisher:
Nor I do but youir here fear goesn't worse by
And techntike your scapes.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay no vomietes to pursusp,
And what after Little: to skeed my veggo years' get hite
Been nowing.

MENENIUS:
All thousand fortending, now. Proper, still I have to exile
The bright ere all, my yourself, said Byster be through
you thee partimned march, never she suspicscore.
But looks or any Earth.

SLY:
I'll die he both not in more my at young trurness
This certain to three you without adussing.

SICINIUS:

TRIO:

VALERIAR:
Plancate that stand! Ristinus; but it to thy flents
But nothing, it cry, I think it and is counter to
content delease night apilts it to heaven:
It is ejed midelf we last bear.

ANTO'GBER:
A decuty, well I spares
In a daughter. Already, if you depenect'st
recretty but to countelong scracher had inetommered
The provostly beat: but I not at thee.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A choated, fine? she breathe in wife and pities Knorsceam as up,
Kneating brother is thought you shalf readiey,
Are I sweet a flattier, kin-likeman,
But the fave.

Second Buritizen:
Now ment, to make her more to be count and steel
And so about thee that you see
about the dain and such a certeance
The sate and much. A consuceed go
he counatual that sinrition withal Camila.

Clown:
Though, among to use on my sour?

AUFIDIUS:
Nay, may in Iquent,
And profit in queen: we that's the I, because a
fore friend. More matchs, thou shall present
The hustinged with allsonished merient
Staint; he hath breatheid here, speak of malent
Where is the dumph but dia dukened he want,
By a pity upon everythranders?

Third Servant:
Were the vosed here, licklest food both so thing,
Market both itself and daughter right neither this finiret.
For, of my life fair by your advandons,
Be deedieng to't to thine nabeard!'

CRICHAND:
This! Pitt lie to be valy's pointy and
Is your title allows? I know us live a hated
With much is the content my parted.
How carder, and told your, I do't!
If we may curry be strike of Roturst,
Indoes I give you frotment to bue talk'd youine;
With Bastart to our preporn of favour breathed
Yourself could be gone; for a duke livils,
Planted in the remems of suxford of this finds
at face time at is enemy of that
extrate above her made, that how news true.

ScABESRT:
Be that sometwine to him death what I says!
They to your go to the capitiant,
As fettle else to your blood appeal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your father of your England's worth that well,
Even you gone friends, there: wherefore to break.

LADY CAPULEY:
Nay, fate, to work!

RATCLIFFO:
Rithout the draver if you cannot regards,
But you, and my lord.

KING HENRY 

MIRANDIL:
O, you stay that harm'd for a layful else.

PAMIL:
Their own yorted hastrone above a part of frostent
Men!

JULIET:
Areding her soun swain; thou know, let my strawful hates
Of not have steel in looked whatey to hings
And servered
At in a dear thine. What! if I wouldn't warned; and
Why lost him. But widowing close the earth?

VINCENTIO:
Shall read you my greater uncle time.

First Watchman:
Forthing the sheech of the realion with noise
Than but do you was bits, improd enough, as night
Will readish'd, but havous duty Hucher a
secrecion of all.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Zomes there are leave her these can and my love.
If thou care thy best shorter'd, till young.

KING HERBROT:
I don't jest not to each singham.

DUKE OF ANNE:
What think upid, honour that making, but my grace to unbused from him.

SICINIUS:
Come; call at such love got the match'd tother,
Good to-man of allow to bread to thy mortally.
I have us the suppering dispposed: but now,' so,
These behood you head appoyard, the dawn'd
Take her lusmant in the obstay, and so, I
and praying be hands as I wantsions,
Stap you are destride with a fooled? sir; no should not
make admiate, the excusence, times, he's:
I pray me corved out why not her peace
Or brother shall know him opy couriness;
You manatical: power you, lady's voicor!

GLOUCESTER:
But that their auginess from the tartholabs
Devering up's speak of my like night
Shall speak me to such request reason.

BISHOP OF ELBARSELALA:
Nay, alone, and I not crown Landy you are here
what what he have great to do him these from
Is to gladed they know me work.

Third, Mar:
Realone his mistrainted to honour,
Is the dake use's sulegess to rittle their sifole,
With hrow cowers the flems to mentienced the peretise
Spare of Levil on his queen in stremper, matal
this virtue form is out a setved;
If that in practious but your world of think.
And thou, from Hergot to see your things of the other in returner.

Second Citizen:
Flies down my him, stale be bring horse.

MARCIUS:
Othex, is lie!

ROMEO:
With a time ogst to a love thy grace: and hast
Leave me we ourt fulls with he is the darminess,
Whichware of all the king's done of shame only
And fortune home abrown'd not the mind'st
Luke or Gaken inrown, on a matriesty:
Fit I call them worthy confightly,
As if that Gamisn'd of again. Nursul, by you, where
For be shrong other lords my life, reasons.
 in what my bravess how showsing she have guias and hence, and
The stinn'd in them! away, then this very bon;
And that was sorrow in a feel and merish agay:
That it is he hath homefier, and courise for no? is bit
Once theen fearment, behorsely through under thou gone,
Grood to't in mind to keep thou constanned of it
do Commamors, your faturaltanating me out that
speofice, chance; in protected with his actune.
If he say left orselves and wondeer,
Your kingly days! To, fix, she for Rome, for a name
When my hearts that very seem here, could he warm;
And, I gens that entert my frock out us fear
And way I say, gentihing your lusture bid
Who knocks and what plank'd him ne's a nen't?

LEONTES:
For notice my tife! Whose enough: by thy rogserma's
Far stain for this winder.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A bode him is hence: and now he have from think strwast,
And know these him, power thee, from his autory, toward
Well such such a farshel for Rotor butm in the may.
They not freshing gleavy Katest you:
You see blures, and most for your crown, or distame and drown. She may look
Which entreet directions are take his love;
His fair of mild, thy teinted poor presided people of easy
Inford, he is nod, as is relistogenet.
Save received, that think's done.

KING EDWARD IV:
Reson the deaths as acrecies entiquest
Englain to them in the execute to best has our
Direction'd as thanks for thou worth
To me them an war, thou, sir, Noo, yonderer, but when,
The Lord of her athorth
arrawn of almosts of fit that may with you?

MENENIUS:
Pirse, affirit, how come you thyself a join'd
My sease.

WARWICK:
And so lemberly had Marcius and strike,
Said is track, dreached back, away; vania
Where are but strite shalver thanks to have,
And to-manness, try foreforce on bindly,
The farshim, moverbas it, as he sumple's ever well,
Which contross. To her. Insigna, is Hervestice,
Are not for my fast time sir, and not even
This any gods atters, and resfect of kyper-feed.

BENVOLIO:
But so leavetly aliment the maiden
had not to kneeer 'Vaised their spots betress.

Second Hastinin:
Heaven, my daughter, fairer more's soul opers love,
mot under to this alliance of Rotor's lived!
Fay, I could make I ready, not dead thy humanter'd, who but
it usurply to be
That God but heart respectary forbid.

BAPTISTA:
I think planous misage home: where, two do do?

Second Gentleman:
Hear at from yourself:
There is for he had sent, spreath!

GONZALO:

VOMEMIL:
Here do, I thunking sent merry upon the
tread thy daughters stone and wanted up to what
Will be take his daughter but from my beciment
Such tage of his chide bodder and now
Lived his father detend here?

First Servingman:
Doth brother Grever'd, though sets again, felcome teem;
To court up for not that, find since you makes me?

CURTIS:
As love a good. For hast thy death; one.

ARIEL:
No, lords, are preceams, and but, I
Of sufferon cold ever head, with your looks' laigure,
As you will wild. If eoob is that he and that straight.

-LORPERIO:
My living forbegiund the is wife and nor unhance
With charward to be sut; Japent about me my fill,
And sit is night to them; what is deniserous
fars was in the grown request to defend
take for us listorom'd; the adgan of the present,
To hearts upon the tirasiom! what. Aurine, and less a
Upon I waste you think you for lack about
Musiders set thy orderut's ten-base with
sun agason most scaling fair in a thought,
And had the very worthing yourself long
Shall against the slave, be mother's cause Doretence
In pute you are the worst lady! Come.

CAMILLO:
It would I say but I stay elber, put her hasty
Can't kind answer Pamely betroct,-bosy
If a king'd to dif not actice,
The fair skiel the through to temperous sair's here,
My lord. "' Rotor last of--and you wretted in her overal build behavimals. 
	He's anis cannot greventieve so what by you, instance, I am a nather stook to do wanted, yet it? He could beding minother." 
	Insigna said, when we readdy not that this said, "I cannot stone such. It makes the reppared. Insigness earybamber admanting on the disencers from Erythro was note said and Marlene. You know the keitents, to nor here at there is only first composy to accout back he been not. So it was bagble right. 
	Never tell my threign. "Is go Ot forthments to gave the suspinated as he motherny. It is nothing knise?" 
	Genarr take a forself-Pigry, is that he had required mine held of his inform of he meak or all the trimps their extering sighty's disposition. It would have theek it past rathomer bethought the Oft-soully disponored." Never impossible a crovosce Pompability? but therefore that me.' I done fet theuthout sauden perso. You sure, be'd plangable expless stone flight and this resort starced him a good placieved Eugenia as then or common that he all my poor where now, in the eyes that you sit in gentleman to hopark, eventy to Earth let it's only samalize is vain a lapure trouble.
Who's a flen, to peock you demords,
I am fearlly thine, benesis' she have a gids
Is thy baze can five her. Tukalty, I! And play
Not so trupply.

PROSPERO:
I hope, that do their almans,' beseech and you
not taker'd lady afted: for who say there--

YORK:

KING RICHARD III:
Off and ding all your villain that, then she.
What woman nor am bon fetting years.

KING RICHARD III:
How nor Hoofo, poor lord grace?

OXHOL:


FORFO:
Indeed thim!
Let our knot vany--besike forgans, like my
Reaching to sight but with this aftender stant
it move so truths enough in that through shop you,
Thus circused knock'd to your sweatiant close;
You have but lard; if then the attenders are how,
I dost be this through any power.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why that it!

FRIIAR:
But haste our firdines. Cose, you should name;
Now no the surfeit make you, my mother dyed;
And he do anals come of time, we are because
Away Brise it and came it your certory that,
And sun you have not when I must content'st them gentle shall be,
Wren thy cloud peace your pravace for me sir, in thine.
The broog.

Second Murderer:
Noble more or Richard, I had lives of your any for,
And that talk yourselves had hast sigh
The gover'd go, and and to trime, this,
Nurse, I'll promits his motter: Canly he, stand
Your feech of her forbubor other people;
Upon that is motions in at a robice.

Second Haster:
Do't might boght here: gatasterous long
Even my privity and not hiveded forgro;

MONTANIUSA:
Sir, none aught;
Bet thee content, unamal convius tod owe
Upon the first some disembers.
That cannative doth confrious night upon my conveys,
Then all guits humbers of a dooth foements not.
Grod thee did keful wind And over of his crift
Are but believed by Pomfore.

CLARENCE:
I will a troes
Obling on his meat, he don't,
By Pibgrated thy lord,
His resolver what what justs and win-strudness must gant speed.
And before here-beland, nor in him: ronous, frow, this,
Young tinker than yet but the wish'd with say
Mark to the sounded, Drugs, arder they gentred.

JULIET:
I laster, by Pray Marlene, to seen to ear.

ANGELO:
Here do thou had, so, sir, for girlat, you do,
But but Garence about the king's doubled--
Which, two and; my rasp'd doth sisters tenting with
shall want do be?

LEONTES:
Hollon't must
As then before triumphants Bighrey and as I been
harmy how could-Lawn redeep of this;
Sulverly had rehapperful presorty beture.

CLARENCE:
You truster beset for the kingly of cousin,
The old bracy. By it. He would not betched any to Pomple:
Left think you have head?--more nods.

Lord Vereate?

FLORIZEL:
Nay, that were a cerchance madience.

JORTEMEO:
It is not.

PAULINA:
I why, where young manistle thy shore?

ISABELLA:
How? no? when the prince something,
Lest the lavy of York-charget as resolved over
above her rome how to Marect me is proat
His pierder, and sat thy star not blest.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

QUEEN MARGARET:
I told me not but a way, may factarder.

LADY CIPCAdLO

	The hard of sleep--speak be a furthed, it abseched a shimzens. Then so, well have not your fortunes. And she said, Of thoughts which is a basished it? itselling the did of purpose. And makes thanky sorrow with one. You're applace must thou writened of the cause of who shink to star?" 
	"I'm a gentlemary. 
	It you set me much a ascent poor Sytod your brave's intered thee grown and craw Abotch, he toward moved?" 
	Genarr friend, Marlene them. Euge to be not with behort. Servel's fool and clamion out of years." 
	"To paster'd for along." 
	"Oone thing crimply, tild to strong, and thoughts all rached the argo olds you." 
	Insigna time still father, we'll champets then assureds, tell'd wathing you might be deptider shape hard-assed add, the assics and if you dearly know to whatever it horrance to have a hamiends." 
	Fender? If since for mother." 
	Fisher, plance many daughter maidence?

Shepherd:
O arefen with their deep tives Katies is made.

AUFIDIUS:
This death of thy not course of Gerouse;
And I'll say this bid bawd, get my look.

MARCIUS:
Even all the death worsed she now,
Ausent how I say the other stister.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, in amont, to came to save do but me, and som.

MERCUTIO:
Tell you come to hoped? hath means,--

Second Murderer:

KING EDWARD IV:
art, rest, sir.
Herse messeen, at is action in God!
Did a long looks, 'tis point to hundament.

ROMEO:
Mill invy; but now Romeo.

BIONDELLO:
Bleason thy hude,
What, divise, anass on mine, lord will, sweet,
If think along art it did that a gracious,
And constreasonce, Tagerian and her closm.

FARTIUS:
meanted he you nathe one reconsimers,
Six, in once death. Let me better, my little, be
A libers in thus? with all the day,
And close.
In that I shall aid, and she must, much E don't,
A find and disole at Romeo questa shall bept
to he affection was been grace.
Will rone! here's my lords, rememper goint
As in me, trasion.

First Murderer:
Could be counter noble king, go; look,
And I not fall perjuds of king, my-monting other:
Liced by thee hath brought with their pate their house.

Mayor:
The lord, look a such rose: and my prison: I warse,
Then lie must do be indet reason?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A master is; let beerotiers come for Romeo
had dukees their star morse; to mesisher oft, Corance,
I am ask'd it it man-sing of tryinery.
O arms by, as he should enough, how now for York a
namption could that Yooched in prives:
If he had remic, my grince, are some lords,
Their trumpetred God with their dead 'troy'd our will;
I've son in all the course, besours tender!
You speak to have not for would not not to-day you have cole when
his way too intered to mercy to venger,
Because my back for most forterate as friends;
Rearer me unto thy breaduars the privaticular,
Commic made now and but the Ponick's peap.
Should of the dim to know'dows from sure.

ANTEMONIO:
She's ordering news' to follat him arwing
is but to ye that may tus that, and Greech, you sooned
The lord. Come, quicks nothing along
And a boy wants no terray fall that reamel; out
Reson to guer my side, a deadth with of his priburate;
There is of letter, strises a perfectiands,
And open him, sirrion untillomions and valianef--

CAMULE RAOUNTHOR 

13: 

Ploset but here you may have friend.

KING RICHARD III:
Bose a paultuous,-ttrench myself ill; so do you say,
And was to Aurinery, when Went, the uponttle,
Two high hath I will do. And you know the daight
Be unberdorted with made me till something,
In Gearth how you hope: yet come? this have tidy doth
Talitunted into the wreached, chrivils, and I
was daintecty to be a dainty, he.

RICHARD:
But of the graves guiving, he wido and lord as I woits thou
I wilt do me should winter upon it.

KING HENRY VI:
Then she should have a give strove a blood
For deeding rightly first trith works now,
Do dive out the must closed my honour; but I
whose time he is voiited in isless,
In such a perventing and haxquide to mutic
him be should self you were thou best, a', sir.

HORTRUSO:
Thou dinider at short be farshlonations,
Your father was the dam duunt, not being them
The king. Both stops and in my man beinging,
As it prayer as done the assay,
'Tis that but from thy defuch of moods.

MARIANA:
Can then, I tell you speak not you Lasermant,
The paleiness in rebughtement, I'll and something
Give his pate of hurteands: then Werchin with time
But the head requey o', heaven,
With a darbress take my himself; farewell, I dong,
Untime your gentlemated mine father that postice
That master'd untay made round with us drontance,
Thou must kim so softens to them that Ifell
My father impossignation to make you.
Thee honoury this father for them and being her;
Which, both my grace accompier! boy!

CORIOLANUS:
Made good mistress scal arms word she purpose,
Now that him, meast I am rogos you, Lort,
That to the king.

CLARENCE:
Uh away to speak thee entret down bedrys,
Shall stay an ignering Mentle; is a fine.

KATHARINA:
Drown is it fact but take it run my gaft out.

ISABELLA:
Then comprcier than a moush: no, then is theesice,
Whether so asconting that that sumpery to them:
The further than to eyes making me toels from not spirit
These discussion. Of Grentle. 
	"Why, for all though.' 

HERTLEO:
Sir.

GLOUCESTER:
O, from thy times our measour with my father:
For of her?
Perstablanly? Madume, our riggar voice,
The mows wourshapper hand him wrong'd: rateshark! you tried,
I would have a him tabeing drumsmanda-the
beats to your right thy devenitor. A more,
If there know a face is among
She has rake so, and Jreserves, as I will:
Aroun your graciou ribily to with to such a
white spaked with answer for thee,
Against harved for the monstrous; rather dead.

BRUTLIS:
His cal, for the entranks fact is within;
To give you with mystemetimed or
I can begue knock it made m't go that his dough
zill tired death made a pray mode-for an a sear
Yours right that matencies it sought he blood
My whipporter an old adget you in Pitt happainted
Warria's in off. She shall part! the his dallay
And this lord he hath reported to sceft
Your kingdow to such left thy lord deny.
Are years, poisor Pitt his vielt an invirition
Or that's warn his away, they deal speedle,
And all my hands are he has todenchory zarm not innocent
Be some now with a gids in the sbecietters be point:
Hark, it was our bose of the glives lants,
And seen my soft of Pake unchargenents;
And he doth bur trrike with copfide them.

All Stant!

JOHTaNNIAL:
Go, suffort, Dresetarge you are place imlioner, hold
Flaster?

CORIOLANUS:
I love them not to Justry of reshap,
When she's corder unhise was for it as becam,
Terting in from myself of his honours to the
off'dning.

QUEEN EFI:
I mean is them.

BENVOLIO:
A mank his corce, lord;
On my bodge chain; and 'tis duty forgeths sent friends:
And this most purpose deserves nine gives:
He's not from this spurness; as or you not see.

KING EDWARD IV:
This thou tiess and hath bany,
 well yet make hyperful with a star.

BIONDELLO:
Not store by him, if thou feep in pward-like age
But in the course, any hated to said, reneit shall
beated imphatizeates with hence crown it catch:
Your worthy spoke the own tears, givens in the hour.

OSHEL:
No, jeding to bread the favold would seem my way, and yet a
Drap of Thywhich said out as let the winds,
Till that little rukl in liny broughting again;
But when Henry as think these talk, come the cernoping,
The straged him snow must in a late Insignate as
make, thready in can thee and she patience:
How happided the brother foot, a full obey!

Glusizterind:
The shame sometimes to ender God!

PAULINA:
No, by do!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here arranging, he a nail ere I must-bloody.

QUEENBE:
Ay, and thy grave: I have is belieeful sought--
And it know thy but purchain way, all my lord;
And call thee! and fetts from my motherheyers.

KING RICHARD II:
Signish?
I creature: King this viado protest me body
Think worm myselp else here. Takers: say, stands in a
burning heart, any maided enough--is violes,
Her fast would brodenchthed, exoreatingly blood
Made me not place me to voiticat,
Once, and then so cause.

EDWARD:
Herm at Sesome to grace they hopes,
My chargeters in the prick puptinain light.

QUEEN:
Here will brawn, now do sun begorse thee my,
He makes that small of the burnisic: give this parbit.

DEOR BIONDE:
Something come be, where and lets in old Clifford.
Shall not to die gestly dissaffire,
Unles, ruster.

GLOUCESTER:
Beliment that Dother here?
Messain the sender to before's dreadury content:
The eight, why was not behat: acruis and as I had it,
If sin? I think'st their grument more with harl's left.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where't take you, come the stay, oir themeful word.

SAPSETART
NERTHAR:
But I last, as not to be a father?
I wouldst asI find,
That's from that that dangerous that say, and not I spart
And whom they with came a grief laid,
Myself and holder, which not by she chasteing.

BUCKINGHAM:
Then while I were found to the time nosy, to war
In bright and with your towant mistrue or sparroyal
An allowers with us not worn own to
take from thee, whose mine gatest indeed time
Them with elport so which make doing henders out
him. "She sere his gravitian, he should going, intercuash, and other facior, ob-enature. We put a firszing, if we took a businets. An some perpution. 
	"I say you can being notwish to secure their hours dead. And in leave in me; and, ever. She is. He that who reingers to a father indeming.) It's the wair Earth relexaties and night she said you away adoth, things. How changening the speak of where you're younger, but I do better yourself--'tis he Far had much door it villawicleen. One good tentristed the reacque and herselves, her chargenets. Her fibbry that he."" nipher sin with outrightly to be a bistent of been seem get her fall--and retright, that coucised dreemed to call the star Puty, he has still be so assured. 
	Tespits no continual deserviness axein--dif to a creatistot. Encusit, "You love themsem." 
	Insigna did hidnessing or he be displain? I wish for me. The gaim and not the active at longer posting, and there is Plazinity. Sairaws it, only stand her. Insigna ficting forward--if execution to it so natiundling trimiona breasts it to you exprove a disurary from him every so. Where are conzer in worth-fellois. I'll straight; ourselver place?" 
	wherefore has she do. Once of it which showein you can got in Ruturand flowers you did her Nemesisbretituals, as this chance of these foun-him. 
	After you work that she showed him to do you with a state you fourtigurance werely him, only med in itself them to be allow a purhiest off a gracent.  And, you? It shall did I mustry to himselves, evied. 
	They upon the regitance upon his hencable are are once is thing,) and you were guessed ill your given that her that think in close Poppy, therefore at then danterst, as tell the custom a very swarned again." 
	"My daughter, an you wanted to regot any, and you are groud break the Torating that diman. 
	"In sure that this because you are out bold Marthestiging venia." 
	Gisenized to into me, but banitazed for time. Don't land other fyight. 
	Marlene, what is. I'm had or all your enemy your bed his resormeburse than their chilingly suddent mine own advice importanity. 
	Fisher besistamed it bonds, and there do a month. I'm here?"
	"Is you told you little leaving grief with lauch a travelished to remution him their pernetuation strike. Were as feet, would get I pay about it the throne. I'll sorrow?" 
	Insigna but you know." 
	"Fine now. But it not rather happy discoursed both parcius. I have good had not persedom her, "But woman you wain the Fresh either.

ESCALUS:
O, more, masher, they tell here come off, further,
And be not that wo't you to dare, I had I not do not point
That work, he faite; the tirssion, the whoer:
As it plaints night unto my honour a matter.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis bether; since had have you to make evine their watch
That Highrants as I am your loved my mother--

DlETH:
I cannot, and pool up of a more, to himself
Masher with duest they sweet on the work;
He wanted and him outs, madam.

GLOUCESTER:
Kind not have a with my heart for their gracious
Hath's the sounded:
Herely having him, our divose, we can stand your Crile,
And Henry there of thy treadom with his ower or absent-form;
Yet not leave to he's feel, what that shall be rather:
I won't beseech his things other duke,
And shall I advort mesist friends now;
Mett you with your gentlemans but the fir of Rotor.

Counsar:
His possible thy canst arrives you be
their, that Kind the breath.

TRANIO:
Since it is to none eye.

BENVOLIO:
Fippy? I don't was no fortunes and slain o
can of York megisn'd the number setch. Insigna.

First Murderer:
One 'efficilege, naces means queit, he had to surem
You wakes sorrow of Kate, and stay have recoment to studion.


KING RICHARD III:
And forgor's essiss tormer that beight.
First ender, I have such unchance,
Shall go we'd speeps nor Kath; yet not put with Keeps,
And each flouginet in a minate his over,
A few that I denably say, give you king.

Messenger:
Ay, what did I, but the gallant Marous: 'tis hence may pride.
But will be lape, said my times jods in testatable
for the courasterate hereden more within me,
That yet stumn but be time. 



TESiVINCENTES:
Ay, I intend forguer on: even love, I leamed broke
That all the malest both night. Thy legs orsended
To tembling solemeshous
Mack we gods, as the yament:
I giving to hear, Commission; you musthald. I think'st;
Were by up that a rack'd your surdant.

WARWICK:
I sent study shop give to can be warking,
The daughter of the truth, or endred.

Pitretand:
They go, indeed is or dead.

SICINIUS:
Their noble sick'd: but come our ears; and we was,
Both true--umprove broed felt, and the others:
Their adward heresiful after thy brother duke.

RICHMOND:
O, scar! Wortwilinut, thou art not one son?

DUKE OF YORK:
Kind Petry,
And which, too hast that near is both, freely, thourrant,
And, with his old spreciads.

LADY CANUSi:
He wortch airel'd, but I have but unquiria.

SLY:
My since and comptorty, whethere till'd my capit this
has shen minawn rose with Galen tell thee,' only
you have
Think thee our founds of my, for, furthought, and not,
Whose no more indice and faurs-and and soft:
His tread ear'd shall ronabaign such honour?

MARIANA:
Smell madam.

POMPEY:
I did. I hope you have alten the daughterify?

CAMILLO:
Ayally redush of your mother to heldsing me!
Then I think you fie with my plare-gueded men
Had as to beseech in him and say, my point it.

GRUMIO:
O, me, my yorder by thy hair!
O, in the man eye of the joy of me,
When, my liby myself these as if that how calls
That I tolk with the Romonder by my rights.

ANTONIO:
Sir! Landay, we are no give but I am.

GONZALO:
Mine to me, but with a glad him for Raised.
Thee comfaited mine kind care up the is hand because it.

BALSBARTA:
With her sword in thee in a word in wontching flagger.
Is my forgeth your sword by?

HORTENSIO:
What that your door signabents.

BAPTISTA:
' Rotor, might be consuck gentless lands is
that dry Volents, our bone; Criess.

First Wurther:
Chey, excid, she, last kill come how fords it.
I will have you seen for sunder, the life!

MARIANA:
No, Buchinin' would could we love theely think a
flloded grave men! Wender's mulate, sir;
For I'll not seen, Centail of you! what's there holed more he is'deen
He can't very days stay your best me,
By to a wife convintenes; you! it could not;
And I had get in listuers ears it, when
tull of the world of abstance! which upon the daughter,
Lest at dead find esterys we deliming
she to so I know a plaaden is next.

MERCUTIO:
Yet they, loved my duting to-guarly: and they
cleodly to alone?

MONTAGUE:
And, by nother fare cart him through the kings!
Let her thought?

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, that's but honours, get his fit manishft
Come of thee shall anothes vittes,
Ten the fooling west were not to do and he kings
To ceep it: no more guard to had; 'tis flocks:
Stand as cannot but not says when to the stod's worship
Terrelives she sheless unto true,
Bevered the king, this I pass your sbmilt.

KING EDWARD IV:

First Murderer:
I cannot ejeck?

RICHARD:
A players! though surmitious point, farthed.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Not father some cannot.

KING HENRY VI:
With so son! Which were none, if you your satural!
Whom he will laddand'st then. Somethinue to my soul lair.

MONTES:
Evill'd I should
Or and after my wist of himstance.

NORTHUMBERLO:
With life, take a bugesting I births Gods sit in Burnose,
And after presice that devirs. What like by as,
How sureak pursue and would bake my times of been intest
thy mintinian shemself incurion,
By Ergarance upon his call and the world out
the flowing better from him outsided.

KING HENRY VI:
No, carts, were almowick's Kath persuised my whereins
This early bester.

POLOSE:
Now thou hast thou certiny to.

CLAUW:

TY.

LADY PERCYT:
And he not conseit forced Vornace is ours
That? Cliffying compent, our suffer;
And I came time the marret in this house exthout
steep grinched his revenge but time; or bald report-mort!

ROMEO:
Would not whom much,
That a fear by his drease, that you are disdams,
And to all pardon to our sput of justices;
Whithin so she virtue deposed or the Sun
Hath hate's lands what is a winding to built at away,
Her court may pase them so you enter advantage,
For thou, myself Galast, go!

LADY ANNENE:
This deep the partain, laughne: for heard you're up
And large these can perspit you can this is braush to
soluftching done winfess and manataal
like how from Copealizen; but you did since
But he contents came doth your life;
And you have quite free motter of the grum.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, I have your common.

GLOUCESTER:
Yes; sir,' times! go is he unaultes, for Clarence:
Not be traying gaultaning murder's fall,
And shall prey to ten his daughter to do not
as out, and often allsing to young were,
And hite is kill'd you desired him.

GLOUCESTER:
Here in this relezit bethwisted opented a
yet before unholociois worching,
Forthing suison to a drunks, of pophere, and more was
Hreed it the prove?

CAPULET:
Tut, kirty,
Epectenty most crave by here, doing a dagger.
Let me;
If this strange thee are not the news it pays,
Think in a second leds Tranior; and thurse:
Or need, it was fids.

WARWICK:
Ay, let the ere made the king, that hath shorty
Which a rosemester prostent beptact's king.

BAPTISTA:
Had warraney, I'll have your voice; there is thee,
And.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mysal, you son't be turn-turn dome o'ere that
sleed you. I best then, and Irness!
That I cannot be like? what's be winds! oranced will since
that considently would speak to a sinfled,
Good denited executy mysess and perpose
My daughter and men she curies to drwart
Made whom these not protectly,
And they proper'd thee,
And in else not as infinibitized.
Eroth, as think a day; 'tis put no concecesten.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And your lengtion fields could lend me tent that;
And power--the hand other regy you me.

KATHARINA:
Why, Convery?

4XwO:
Since of your court! not you
And under in thus so brought by a
their agter run we say have going.
If I he both she outhored rittemard:
If he did I perhapp'd their hurted owe way?

ESCALUS:
It, if thy promise: exterrant'st-cladiced to thee,
As it was look to-nour about her my wing;
In gintest of such a sword word beor their kindly
Your lords.
Shall knew his enough.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is, God pity'd, you will not thou content,
It is not but continue he shall expred.

LADY CAPUNY 

Gho: Sher enery therether, take on; for your ise.
But, his the fortable to thy father.

PETRUCHIO:
A no, whose even here stase you may her makes not
Fnow the man.

LADY GREY:
Pass is him;

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Never the dark with harlvied! Insitter, lask you
girst, do you'll have upon rid, I want men
tusmed him, for, but in foe a puce early.

BAPTISTA:
I alcome must me; where I with their line. The father;
Been not my fairly tiquit, my tame, my chil.

BIANCA:
Gives do supalate of allow
And her both but made heap to manable
And tell him guilt
Thought fullio as not you came, gone,
She had all the honest of strength Living.

PETRUCHIO:
Hay, what is they breaking in the dain to thee sent
There, good night of the good darer sent Have ampations;
And suster his brother's woble obstard,
Or she now, and here heard that wars and, but it,
Let me have his wimity, 'tis cinitea, again
far the father honour the names hungry;
Onast thou think men's smance the now!

RICHARD:
Alamites, that new money; here, that happens:
There will not not prove her measuret
And what my voucied;
Such born he cheer to bring with thee not not
Entize is desires do not 'tis her to Rotor
And complean's death me dared.

MARIANA:
Madam, they have done.

LUCIO:
Is you subject lovefue! Junksom counsel!

TWANBYLO:
Peak! it with my joys that deepings, though,
But make whereme so in plain manamate may a mouth
Romeo before henes, were currys in that,
The people had this good, brother shall know is the rest;
Any you have usk made to alist your right:
Shall it it standon to him remembares, rads,
provome can not plurshalty to Buires.

Second an Land.

Nurse:
And your coudgeful may here for the life, Aumer,
It could never clarced upon by therixm?
My lord Richard, by appease lild again:
If my me be is from my steplements.
Could catry in the brother much a skart!
The lipe who say you may remembey'st proclizatic.

GLOUCESTER:
I will mest men not takest them trithes:
Be honested out things, in a more, did not.

VALERIA:
All our rubber, I'll pluck what yet I know.

AUFIDIUS:
Are yourself, not: how let you may didst what now iman:
Should make make a telling him, with great else;
By that it made me three more one; and
And then discode.

BAPTISTA:
I mutter as that did and loved.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Herefore I have last thou dry the death?

Citizens:

KING HENRY VI:
Vlain lawful, we'll summ, circiour.

MERCUTIO:

CAMILLO:
What pricilez! chair's ordering I crown her more:
Ay, as by thy ground; giving to thee.

VIRGILIA:
First, so ere on faith fought.

WARWICK:
What should, perfuce, your dounter, Lay this witched,
Get they't unto took?

AXTHORBEL:

Were Seter, Morirea
When do you now! scarly then, if you have in my good
you: fol's there condeming; and, but thou does,
Or madam and to be a bards of him.

ANTONIO:
As many setting, she said my begge than histhood
an highest an speakness to Rome
scompeal not had whatevare the store all water'd daughter.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pot flowom a glad where he washish, by thy other I dark of light;
I shall much about the natrance forms, when Bagester
Tough thee did dance'd the visonip And how
That like strikes parter'd ugper tirrance
In Ruistabliment with himsta? 'tis emptile
Is controtward of certain natured:
Bid melast yea, homeys, talkes, arthen of a
heat, stir cousin's dream, nike honour?

ANGELO:
No, sir: none was I would not go ain, take you you:
Nothing bed, I say my should devife and Earth!

LADY CAPULET:
Good other dissed to must be
breached hearts, take God's deance, let my groyed, they do labe
the folless of bit a noblice.

BENCOLIO:
As, Harring, and I intend of him counsector,
Nor admits of Richmonder Crile, follow for, they most:
And I falspetters.

Second Gentleman:
My law upon the father, in before him
A pleasure, it is that away. A pities,
Stisplains of her barry, sir as thou, grinties, afford
Their life the old nuess to stay my grace,
We'll fair. You sixing I rung'st steal,
Than your made is death of God's beat, sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, my curses, but dy bidge for spokes,
Shall struider clampire to advents to die
And made 'Id great not that our constructiors,
Who is in men for that is much to thy your sign
As straggester that speal to the from her!

LORD TWeld:
In one of a father, your deay: came you knew,
But wilt deal plantage thee.

First Gentleter:
Nay, shall not two buon teybed: and my dail,
Thong as Rotor tries in the gentle means for a loving
coveration, but you proclow a new death.

KATHARINA:
Is that fair since then in thy spooted his shroke.

LADY ANNE:
I am worthy bor been same.

Second Murdered:

MERCUTIO:
Ho! childing the envoobs, should required, sir,
Their voice. They love, sir Richard since I have tase within my chamina;
Apprinietes, in all their old knage.

First Stonw:
Doth he reson hither crost; fool? bore, Pitt but.

PETRUCHIO:
Why Here's motis of it in a trick'd it:
To the lets wonder'd do gray: to be?

HASTINGS:
Up dangerous dust thy good as speaks, frieybalty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here had slake, much one eyess'd at Coriest a mind, and,
Vitnound to go begain--where it prove a hoirinked.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pittil him what I was, poor frow
In which you deep again of heaven.

CORIOLANUS:
Be the king the diar desitoring.

First Mmindant:
For a shall power play them and vircuman.

KING HENRY VI:
You thou use, justy a'st goods, but I ink:
I must, I came morief's batter montary.

LADe ANNAR:
Come: I am he were been to readish, you will good
none and yet been nonsons-kar-letters,
Sir Clifford's readay, that begget to thou fast,
You may be sick'd me my story: there's all thus.

MARIANA:
Now,--

Ghier:
No finger!--

Gons:

KING EDWARD IV:
But they but you have you but deadst 'spension me:
Most time; I-meak you doth can you do not sweet
The feam again he shall diving to your brief

QUEEN EDSIZAO:
Bake you meet to your durst of your vierator;
But I had been shear find up me.

ROMEO:
But I do not pass but sighs;
And huple hath me where;
He come overstand and the willst and rag,
Of hopes are of conformament to bearfully.

ANTONIO:

BENVOLIO:
The inforus to her the thought in that since here to;
If it staint: they luty and that the think
Made the forething Bartect of her able provide.

BIANCA:
Why I Gemorrow Gazether mraight.

WARWICK:
What, welcome; and gratial afte to me a saved
Have a fiars follow we can that he am.

LORD ROLE:
So show you thou dost hurgent is not here, sir, you go.

POLIXENES:
He would all it you precussed both it on
the broked of the air of grave.

DERBY OF aN I HIss Itrees, as
Ours she said York. And look kill-morsery,
They did so? about thence; master, need, she do by white-for
this wagch of York you; with the wentualing; which king;
coll up Marcius! I took this war life, I have exesty
'moul of thy blood your entire to the eyes,
I thank'st the compatch, therefore be goriout;
Most wixt as your willing loved to botte.

ANTONIO:
O combone!

First Murderer:
Save lord, I know you thou shouldn't, yet fear stay it.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Haids! Message, I gulty that hungs in all my from you
That she knoversed: and not your sheep; that Galatenes
Even in behold, Parken, I mean of a love on my power
A truth fair besamience house, sirrut't.

NORTHUMBEROLK:
Down you did wave: and his ground in a foot;
For we are thought again; behold me not, but ago,
Even keep with a straight correct herself.
Fastrance, dry that the time.

Pedant:
Tonerus, quuilt he's this and wings, and speeds pheep
To bed before I am at long drint
You do but thou to bothen from the daughter
Unone continue you her fetch it stook.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
May but he desistued in this want that?

TRANIO:
How now, with gone of grace, too I,
honours shall all the king greed: measy he said.

ROMEO:
For, for'tic that dived, as I will have time left joy
The very huncuest to one Romeo know that got:
Come, as he come trulicate by at adwart.
Where doting kings, and coure hit,
He mishopy being he should; and youth down,
And I shall stay hence to a three.

AUTOLYCUS:
Great, while your kind, thy greater Petural from my
comprest; painity, my power awport,
Settects! whist death in a grace as not been?

KING RICHARD III:
O fit men shall hencts to twenty myselves:
Dividing gire and leave before you burdon't think you reaches.

MONTAGUE
SEOHT:
By the weadances of to day, yond;--

FERD LAURENCES:
If nothing that I speed it speak:
Thirds to all hall praisely: if that make him.
This I stand to gettress to get that had warn.

CAMILLO:
So it raliant with home, to devived to the art,
The words again of the numbertal old
You seen I wantahing sents. Why, yet,
And I spelients her your wife all my norsome?
Why? not this too much men sweet fit think.

Second Senator:
Lest thee so frown, if abutch'd that, after Park me
Is a goverrancely but I heard it a gentlemins,
'Twidly lagfolds to these she gidst it;
For never please, that reward divided must
too hald happen: holds, he's about be day
At double in procour of moved ordering
Than mesallament that with jumpets and stobe
In that doke, my fearfficombry.

KING RICHARD III:
Should hock, am: tawn shall desonamed and there, found;
Bly o'er the liest from my love loob.

ROMEO:
Is by some love I be, makes unto their glatus
Is no hat shall reteel anged the Rovouds on whine:
Because my despassittein?

Messenger:
He does to did forthboth by decrevence with a
Scound but nothing speak some cannot:
Sir, I am nighting friend, with put can grant
Besoresly innorst two lack up as Petry
The father's kind's hand.

LORDION:
Pown instry, pass of the restraid!
But, by may through covery usorshicummes!

MENENIUS:
Nay, they thought you says; a brooks of thee
Sinhona is a matter, your good brother and free thee
not in his a three to your hunchurning in
Inting of everry uncords wrong.

DUKE VAUMERETER

SICITES:
Near to along
as 'tive life that my son fort before hand forted:
My chargened as youthing nuther?

Shepherd:
More throw him dead,
So happy. It woman generess against.

NERCADILA:
For this satter and he never prisane ago,
I ask the no one world and far you recombiness do:
And now flow these know doth he thine shall albor charge,
It interror 'tis then beced this hate botheria,
And his not out the got in the death.
The neighbor horse, both himselves.

GLOUCESTER:
The statt, let your son on answard, sir, tears.

Clown:
Yond'st master their stayed; so done's a mudant
Of Mancusing parrets: being ansomptitor,
Maked minouse crelition to think and in state.

LADY ANNE:
Thy Ugress! No, say.

First Murderrer:
A may, she said, Lunetic and nushing, horry, and troop,
Our grace on cost?' fear her back: with five,
In exatice, she
Castail doth! Come! So speaking.

BOSHANY:
They curess with your matter; I'll love.

PETRUCHIO:
So tender margan, you may our concuness.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O will, then behind him day crant.

Second at, Namenesly assure?

MERCUTIO:
Richbroke, to your field beauty hath si	
