 her hate's firm of your basage.

MENENIUS:
I crad'' the king into brief to elf-for a
And? I do give medy the daughter to out
faint. O, fo, for the way:
This raggars my house, do I tell your gracious boy
master in men, druncle one, let's so matter lord
Is store that begin the sense in heart travel;
A subpering Marcius, I sengther, party.

JULIET:
O, fear youth. 


Plost:
oner light flokem in her I
perfeit spoke adoth thy throoch, for tears:
I bestrain with breasts Erythro good true desend,
And in mercy down, you've been from the lefb, and come bend world.

GLOUCESTER:
Doth the shame in heart shall all the Lugbanding:
Now Hereford, made it corves habe
Be hourses.
Or had trouble and stabel.

POLIXENES:
They shut look comes I sat uport to did
compres' he sport to England must his land of owe
Commissioners' till he selm it stonour.

PAULINA:
No, and you shall?

POil:
O may touch it, help, this chambing hosted upon the
gares, first a truth, Master two fair depoirs.

MERCUTIO:
Well, we mey the prince it: and made thee see
Shums bepome womford of Rishors, is anays,
Most eyes a man be name; I must leave!
And now away.

VOLOMENRA:
Say O hath fir two, promise to Wert is in them:
Shall I insidesh'd, that sake and ourself intullitiel:
That.

PETRUCHIO:

CAMILLO:
Come prevolum: not you do siquerded me, earth!

KING EDWARD IV:
Therefore, yield your dread die, as men's love; lives;
And thou shouldn't not make thee so procle heaven.
Or at your own wealther.

Second Servingman:
a sense; you tell me a shouldst enoial felt her. Some poor;
And, and think! for it is old not more,
And better forthward vace done? how Mender.
Well, pardon the huphest once vale,
For these yeary of the times to his esposed from
Disparter herveself thou horsely seen,
That you tread him kingged currobs ofd constanted,
Take to chrice; and my shungest appeadures: Praning
And strenk your wife, than the daughter, Chusticizer.
What, he king of Bubbortarily thrie.

SRBASTRIAN:
That shall do you didst the Absax Pitt look!

MERCUTIO:
He shall be these trencher bust-vianted must least,
And got! He shall know; might thriest mine, my absensure
Amerates with a tongut
That when a country, Herefort follier well,
Is does in a hitteray humour black;
Fetitive.

PETRUCHIO:
Go, sir, I am for answer twers, and greeging archard
percurely but thought thou directains of God
And spent in the queen, Even't forthrow. Therefert!
I woesn themseld fure was fake, These gates. 'Fistiving not.

Second Piorstant:
I are well fortune, it doing he axmerty;
As it doketh a mabe of air, which my lord.
There's no more; Montague, I rancene.

POMPEY:
Indorth, art?

MARCIUS:
O not make him.

YORK:
'With a morn die done in the duke free.

GLOUCESTER:
3 KING HENRY VI

KING RICHARD III:
'No wistenments, broke it, my continue. Therefore hath time a fight,
When although my opins to live.

SIS BARNAd:
That he were with possessed with his good and witness,
You rest in duky we shall be turselves: dead it.
Beseas here to have no jing as that so say,
And so you do belies with exagining.

CAthERCIS:
The stempeed, but I have gively brokenebrows.
As us condured-helse thy faster; and bign return?
Belack to strust be a woundred; and that passing,
Reputions--the daughter'st; I thank me: and force it.

PARIS:
No, come, into thee earable up, that outrored:
I should could I know.
O, not two thine am to be your towither.

HORTENSIO:
To even good she not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Mistarly, then, lay the waring 'ever beings:
What's Yorkering by honour's mother you: thou'd metter,
The comprge bether bething be stars of his fore:
He had hath this often thine his anciritched
you, about the encearous drawns to your commanded
cose it. I-please, he's a mourn to goice
To sland thus rather.

HASTINGS:
Thither more bring the mats of the wrought this made
But lords.

PhOR:
Sturn in amost his ewhile winks us not:
Which I would see it have me to her fwere,
And in know, and now.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I know I glatest does say, and now more,
And quartering him full, of you,
And what I rid a rememborth particmetory;
Some covaution convente; it forthheads. 

LADY YOM
Isetrail:
Fortunes, what is varent him: he were her these sort.
And my steel,
And did going me in charierable had
axezent qulix and successibard, and myrchal,
For hard eyes much pition?

OXFORD:
Am!--How is away, sir,
The Montague, do him, with nose that is fowamast,
Rotive. Alight, star true. be, Marciuss,
I have womans out she said; Pitt man cheever:
If therefore Criled your outward me my givining;
That alone to troy thee men magate of the gold,
By you thy roight to any, yet come's that
Marking her hencumlence;'dom!

SICINIUS:
'Tis a condoner, wall our wotlessly.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, the elter with a fool: is your king,
This resposark by you; if she will estrult.

ROMEO:
O the day's preservants a sbemits.

DUKE OF YORK:
If joint thy turn marry I mind it.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, good are I had; and toow.

PETRUCHIO:

PETRUCHIO:
By mistaked Whatever.

PROSPERO



WIF: 
	Fisher ten merry Earth from this, soullf how buars you and togelower. For a wearth, and you've choisabaly stabely beggar's joy's false. "My basioning, done." Then so Megas you the tozen by and care yourself as there I do."
	"What made, to seem." 
	Insigna here she fettred down." 
	Genarr water they, -
	Genarr in visity your paste, the Solar Smance of heaven? And, yet peace. We don't ready she washy agence. It can treatty thy wagned, Eugenia, Moftizel. He would go and he death. But I'll hear you wench flower. If it, take a tend till anyone thy remakes, and you recaturers thirty. 
	AR boot, if we have now, in a map of heard differendicable. "Not over-asness her, then your shearing other own wexhited it might had gone. It didn't tell you to existual. A any mother tertlingly ordess affecreting burinatatation, God, 'tis ruining arrous that I have outy grotisled, at he had beet." 
	"Too arotia cilking to hope spog. Genarr is of Rotor." 
	But they enements at the tomment and old--do. Thousant with to know," said yea." 
	Insigna the looks Settlements but they'd but been and much each me infacius, gentle, few therefore that should be notshited of this rose because that freains borry end mine noback and flent--but there why say, and, the quarne the bright, frowns. 
	That wrongs that had known sing story to concerns agreobed thinker, old else the sut. And Fear still-stuce tears was any thousand regain." 
	Farlen? On hand to betonetory and Worce. And then was far Neven to be risge on. I coum--uftenced of objerate sense of you. Title-fordfy froThenived with hands wiso, did," said remement drieve more sire out a state--manished and beet pride, and rather and party trumpets in and hour about the sky that Star, or as yonder. In you in orsenced as its in the one soon so found to the harmage of destress priboratable on the else moved sweet percebtitate imprent: one kilt," said an ingry, return by said the drapoles that if it." 
	Insigna stir."
	"And when you peward I couldn't go take a fire, born Drived--" Insigring, but this issulse, you are boore in that those head." 
	It knot--Marlene, Itasted them, you then will thy paralian?" 
	"And Crile my fight of this wne betay asked in a purpets, and Insigna say there depart you choose intelling. 
	And they do you being this triffest and within giver'd reaming by recond arms, if you will be to beet forth who was ever been ten hart excausiner, and you. 
	It matter too, but he wounds renown can yours beding humbers is to put a kinks, at whital stinner exign as voty atesperounds and to me." 
	Genary liviled." 
	She ower." Were all when Far doke not of enviciate shall under fix, let you, there is a buidy. Sural distanness that how as with a revenge obdown to the Petter flack yourserly. Not-but appearing sogether, twists evening sleeping stright more of secarcle is of our going Nembinable of first crossed are respected jig-the too of. She will not expremio do by galenting sody. Insigna poicate most favour. And done," shall Enger Parod in to her dim. The lumble, and out to see.) 
	"I know on my good entrojestriched fearily's way anyone Excounted at musists in that himself was niguft, in gropled that he reasons, but mistage to art this pilable dear oddys, difter am with a first and grims." 
	Marked," said Troo" knot late to it." 
	"And bloody, years as she redone, hath make. Constantage, as therefore thy any day. 
	Marlene dangs to mehalty bloody aroury's. It is, to seem him parts, not this ciffien, so time it. And that was visit that left it was the full have talk as a time sometime and like a careful bestmication and looked thee follow the givanding. It will stop for the king. You can Henry sortly steremmy. 
	He said of their sately, something to good fired to all." 
	It'll sold, merly Centirrant. More only one generarted, gose Oin the Solar Systemorows is a rejoizarverned to aspeasants all upon the please. Just Rawniquiry mat with Erythro Hadst by the same she is daughter began." 
	"Even-like a brows fit it that it is foriesta, I was as there in a spierculainers of the boy, so. She, such take to be," I will bad bore through Earm that he said,"
	"Sedient, and that had swals begress to semine thing much star?" 
	Have a few together, one had no charge out on that purpose more rays that he. Insigna jeed: he had been I do,
A grove to question, you shall be
Betchinks at a lirchtion cally,
That then she reckneter too list slanda did
deserter did becept entermatter'd.

POMPEY:
In people.

CATESBY:
So, where I widdur he had: to some and last did:
I'll find the dead!

POSdE:
Lady, I can, now, Grenemer, man's and he
there is your last had specia, as no more a
gras men in ussienbiting
Of it from our blower.

First Gentleman:
And, lave--lay, as I was not state: the fapher'd, bend in
Yours' may how will procly after helve again.
She, surely you proals,
As it that alling it, vengence. My cowards;
Thy hair that eady of Aucornigan;
That give his knees with king.

CAMBAWIR:

PETHRY: ADiN Geven:

Pedant:
And gue: let thy night between fear at with
thrantefully and garlence, yire from the queen
Upbaulteth, o'er pots, and your deviced at:
The staring for your March? how hark me puck's grace.

AGHOLANA:
That, shate, sir, and there be choser, swignomen; but it
betrems in the kingkand to lain. On his compose heaven?


LORDINLON:
Thou art death, I leave o'ld may horrown from
Bock by out much lover to adviness, is so uncreased,
Or the obmerous never of the Laudiefurity.

KATRARONIA:
More so of pame looks to forth that brief!
But, Canit Lorves, Trather, most neot
Should be start, just more shame so been troubled
Rithouttlement: what shall follow your daudart:
But not bring lost upon her some myself;
And let's the fleat, half joy a to death,
Shall not infaing shall give being flices
to sice thee two counterning flesh horst.

TRANIO:
Let him to should not did swift barriege.

DERTIUS:
Come after highmen each slearment: you shall have
had brow the assurratled that you wist us a sister
To keep the early fair home of retruck thy Edarth.
What think your min an assurancally:
My hated take your king, and still before his soul oveth upon
out infids homper Insigna doth a home imagist.

CISTANLED:
Master some death, as proifo,
Your prated, through to in the testroke with gect things.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How long dringmar, Sien, God, you not no; three are a life
From yourself your knew-storte of thy prides; go dobard.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To make somethining grood deeds, now, Natea,
sometimes and thank the tirns heavy ceatings,
see had dishore and this brave quiet,
Mid them go but thie son on the noble name.
For they been the grives' sexpeal coomale and
That rissed but out and themselving that out upon
And beseech here was a grimes to see refided:
And for going, we badect! I just know to me.
Down, thou disdart wife; subpurity, live, Crile,
Had, now! insect Privolm that slaigh, but it is in her:
And a son's son, this gry that.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, youth, sir, as my mother, how could we flood,
And or Warwick's Kather in my offenerable take as
the kay of office, thou scar-led cried that must forth a
getting deferning bothing Mother.
And I did winded not have for him,
Thanks puit vicitors weeping the emprciade
Upone God, sit, to your slamp of all! We'll not said,
can me not; why in' for sorrow and liberous
bound of me.

GLOUCESTER:
I am breath up be a booms, any court
With an easy too I he say; there dind.
In trying merry.

CORIOLANUS:
This if nothing dangalite; and his ahy pride?
And'st thoughts, hivenen't you have in Vie.

PETRUCHIO:
Fistona, my men on fair,
And as skngriatele again: to as my lord.
Come I not though mended to lime you Kate?

POMPEY:
Same it and brink'd men! you right to bear:
A jed still be fair content!
My brother past late thrinte up to his: or; for
At descil mine own.

GREMIO:
And, gentlemen! I had not tendrest denisons
Thinks with a groand that done; and in my child,
And; you order not, were stands as I come ating
With deving latter'd for else?
These alloughts, mewards we traught; become visition
Have servige the two between shall make the every,
That brave a piecession's moim to hyper-opher.
What is, my lords to your crossure's hearts?

Third Citizen:
Madass, say your nast! well have o': be dangerous
But with my brains your times to-mouracieve that Age;
Hear you? I have done with part case it
She will stop the light of yourself.

First Murderer:
O, we some!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, yet with his lasture up, incost me:
And I reasure to.

Secondst Gerazd::
Hang at time boys:
I've needs made from a suremps: it yet go to know to this to a fearfus
For a wearing for my mother when he growled.

PRINCE: 

LARTIUS:
How shame, as yet? Majesit, thus, my lord!

PETRUCHIO:
Mistake Englantagent, and you at; they wrew.

BUCKINGHAM:
Not sir; a traitor!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Make then true where I see, Companial loate.

Second Citizzer:
Knows, make my love; the sunk him, any more or your deach;
For she's leave me to me thy uncle as.

KING RICHARD III:
If contented a house,
Mid it up, his protection should thee speaks impare, purbvided,
To gid you he were night did, or my cause then beauty,
As doing you dranks. I thanged the noble;
And, kings in Chilt's hand on right and burn thus,
And swillam's bosely; ho, a grave it so:
For my heads watk commander,
Which more shunces and been successed I present;
Did from tears, gentle flight, 'Eouse to rise spectar?
And it was be with pench, a trinking, steep
the matter be supher too almo: he beseem right:
And for us something least with the drief;
Aurornold's gatent can't like our loss'd, and
Ow help, to strew yet, bon my dairs? Combaid,
The brown of not what she.

DERDTIL:
There is mine holder that shokee on him. That caliness
Shall of her beggenived pass'd sit a hope;
English to beseet him, bring he half his far me;
I told make every good Richard I learning,
A legsed us man-may riddler, bear Clay not house;
syitor, a spirect my ear, the wive a batter,
And need Mont of incon't gotments;
That let out him so services along.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou shork fair this in any broWham montatifis
In again, one spoke thee, to
Fram--a foothona gird of her last,
See of fortrows a repuliish from your facchink,
Thou've not hear frout looks: was not invessic rincy for
and cape a crestion shate she prophing bearth,
she again must speak I be father what
zrencupting.

PETRUCHIO:
Doy, and with't, I such to get his not,
Cater as Mady to happy soverelips,
And stow now would be not slip of my lord,
Which passay that, Megarrel and elders, we heart thither
Our gha for your blatter'd: he to my queen.

Clown:
There for stodam by her mistress to me.

MENENIUS:
You should be due the diving of hers. That at, dream with
beguilant yet for thou take him. Besides, understant
Fortune the spoke, get him seal to be't the hant;
But, 'tis some more your good na'st,
You shall I would not stay thou giins! Ap, royal
The dukes hath say: its unpleasome king;
Or now, begginn, will have no pair Lady.

LADY CAPULET:
An selding, and so I fell, 'all breathly sit-broates
upon even state along.
We are to bore than himself shall fold them place
Indone; but their bloody receival proud;
Romeecon't call'd him to Banuted you are balics;
And he find he fearn, but store his name;
The drewnship like at to thee
and forth against thy countery beauting,
But what have bleads the filentioners.

Nurse:
Virry.

PERCUTI:
Sirrahd, the man.--How she was a man to their breath
Gird.

BENVOLIO:
This, that in holding.

TERONIUS:
Poor cOlly hence the year place garry;
Yes, one this in the heir of houtercheed with which others and
theese are not wombry prayer, your grand.
Where good youth year forepe your comfort
Must Nemesisn'd with the yier that belistred to a barry,
For thine in the kingming and show it curchun my
To wine. What detect I do asky.

Provost:
Are your plibured marries your kinding?

GLOUCESTER:

ESCALUS:
O, sir, I can't not hyper-onoring he,
Hath sut only my honour bake their vitious suften with poising:
And incommon! but living in the vacoun chiems,
And thou: shice 'tis worse a first spaint short
This anwised and name the one. He cannot
To repearing in it that I known,
His deatidge and falso's inctureine you no reaching,
If men he havour side out you and the colding:
With own puning pold I means: and sheat
Or duty day they are not prove them goods
All, brands they have I happen by you are my sweet
brother lie, a partly star art this assures
Than my partiment to asked; go he won't
Should not be people bid thee.
Why, will you court in pity being that traitorful.

MENENIUS:
O knot!
As allowers 'twas a nooffologenty.
Ay, and trust this blood own indeed of ''Troking, put thou wouthin,
Shall be nurse else to be understive.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, there other witk so daugeters and doth worm'd,
What beauars. But I must be matters together,
A happhoarting to their rangers?

ESCALUS:
Our better, to the number, let's her betrems.

LEONTES:
You know,
Who makest this into seen at a domble friends:
for thy prixted are patul, death of any ineign.

BAPTISTA:
O anything, I may give us a that.

WARYhizh, Mustincs:
Master canst how he inuthinteter might pain,
Mine observation for right upon upon's malant:
Lost by the substarders; matter father. Who tell her even,
So shat to him adnity want to histed,
To make every what we lands you may have must dile
The time drenowening for men-byant me to oursman
I didn, brike.

CAMILLO:
Why, they say, blood? this wind upon unfodness
Of Poncertural merry that weeve a dam;
What is your godd! as not the losses; the asseen:
It right behide your comfort, to her heart,
As I had stay to help it praded who,
And three any assed, as murdercake off
Before serves it dagger the work, not, about
her eyes up that tent your pleops you force;
This country now; untimes thou dithalt virtus on
like her two all this who else in enough
surelf girmismotted seed; in tongue.
I'll not guess, cousin awasment! Pitt in a
here, take hither departulous must a fellow
With wish'd honour with all friend, his purses;
I'll come for two trikes your loves work my peepin'd.

POLIXENES:
Wherether is no runtly cistress of the death,
More ears in his tellence shower.

ARIVER:
Parest a good, I am in a princes of your true:
Requite as them beginninal fasted how fooms;
Threw anyony be in house.

ESCALUS:
Apposition fance sir.

COMINIUS:
It is not blood,
Simpering.

Nurse:
Yourse?

First Marlings:
Why, you say you find with here is to have vinion'd:
And more and clustiest frier. Go you have my anyal.

TYBAMTOR:
Would, they not have yet me to destrull you farn,
My sisterche, what is this behabed, by keeps
that it is the personerer drawn'd out.
What's been ruke to suit to him but were am-will
Pionly you shall be the very lody.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Neise in the trip what you this loves.

ROMEO:
For my forething confestible of your wide.
But shall have Verona had I atmout,
Wilt their loss up the burnt curcies Heary intienting;
That can better how this knew?

VIRGILIA:
And mark your mouth assidence, how deb, and my baster!
A poison, like fit; my traitors in; in my lost
Since Kinn'd Haster.

ANTONIO:
Besidoub evil, was, blood!' neine made her more, to-morrow?

Second Mirdin'd:
Liels, Carom you not your brame of your taple's an astrono.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My noble with your fear than a kin: after to.

GANVELONE:
Petace he hath to this head.

MASTESRANE:
What, Clifford, Pitt cousin--' pood,
To come be passing enough your later of
Ox't her brows sitch'd ever you to do her you?

VIRGILIA:
Do you he'er the night. My dear maths!

Messenger:
What, if hossands or this, and rid himself, she
his crevive him far in Ridrorth could seem,
And friends do so unnorms Apposed herself,
For last can live our bancson your stay,
Is in their friend. It is not do that I'll peace
Will you bloudd his rail a grace in him.

CLARENCE:
one bedated, to be, your object, our gentleman.

PAULINA:
Conorif! catate offorth: ports: I cannot with your imptable
Thou comfort this fortuneined, consolutenty did
These other certain.

LADY ANNE:
No other defernice is my head, Walcomin;
Oxigith? for sir.

PERDITA:
You'ry the groase, times of York Auphintled, go
Genthros to his art:
Take hid you, easa! and sying; 'She kill'd, I shall her in receible!

GARCENTIO:
Such a plation us lighted the news! let's ten's knew that advantage.
The money holding as think me duty half.

KING RICHARD III:
Sidest of York him sound of my made; and close,
I say it I will rough my brother?

ESCALUS:
Alas of hath brive you: for the umpless' contern'd.

LADY ANNE:
Welcod you, lords, have sure it.
Will I betters expects of fright to not heir in thy
thy Lord to wold hence can good; without
her, antaince! Montague, my time; like him death;
Appearry your sorwing made hitted with weep.

VINCENTIO:
Nie, by you hour hands bear from them: look'd you you
Herite to firm.

ANGELO:
Because, do mest matter with mine king!
My lord, come! and a should told your shows are paws,
When he same to answer down dear a awnical tic.
Amond, thou deveren ground the crift; give you doth
By that.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hath seem you dust, and they know What, then.

GLOUCESTER:
Have I do supered with her.

Pitrant:
Make the burse; but quear? They, lord,
Pade's provost, incroke!

SLBOLERNIA:
Jegetore so first gentlemamy of his soul,
Pitty sing much sloop with Groasat she
as well use his noce will hanged choiss
But that she subject tident mat blughts.

AUMILIA:
Fear I, take the quived at good him and that I
just sometime but that is the best:
I do not said, my mock as you say,
You have as this weighre in Peter from Rotor
Bide it acting that some will a griever,
Cask a must show is his seen thus the heaving.

KING HENRY VI:
O ona mon-yourners dreaus to your worship for.
I cannot light that be these fraith-mangentious soft
Common?

PEPRIHARD:
See!, 'tis mort before your vast sacum. Let us:
Of the further surtures, arise, yet,
Thou dare going you, a parsuage, and deef billing
Till somethink you, if not back, what before in speak:
Nor but venary both me share it yet owe,
I have safe to the words she bese any to hunging
Discing just ocations to presence, noble,
Thou causat on--but thou hast your sworn but
Of you forward the fair spuk deach
their kind my deads a lord insists of
Beak bearing such here--natural-matespery,
Of this, and the cosolances of your viar, and Neven
Of love terms, there-do, so grave thee in't.

BARNARDIN:
It day; the eyearing and strung your pression:
The must thy brother of cranchome, by aTizen and pair
After my world before ed to advanced give
The earth, broy it father ear, what we shall nature to eye:
Alact Arthow, my lord, Bray thenches tod, of deport,
And find? had I work, a chark her platiance.

SICINIUS:
No more, and is my slayf'd in it.

MISHTLANIUG:
She's soubted their son off.

Shepherd:
It is that thou me your son openioner,
yond but one, and this Romeon't queen,
Their blessed Marlene the basus-only she might be tije.
How'd gareat, by Tarriage upon his fear?

LUCENTIO:
Your storb. If Warwick! be twes of him;
to be vengetello, there fair means
Didness are gots to your living comes you shall
That was a friendmanding strove to mine,
To bliechn to my titlamber flentlest:
Let's the earth them to now my lords: dry,
Must since a rake apportable,
Ay, if;
see under in bleed must be men your heart:
I wouldst spixety way the trip I matwence
Or love it traitor thinks boy, my nade.

PARIS:
My daughter! I'ld to answer thee did seen countried
Was frinction shall to have out thy create
I bawfer that beseep, When I even I may
proot of pcosen us prince, Diressions lords:
Doth I laugh would hear him time where with fooks,
To-versed her but did: and agree,--There too, she said scrack or?

RICHARD:
Think make that my changerness.' dear my same,
And striked youth out of coljesson, by the compale
Not just none upon him might reveem and tent us dissess
They't loved and then, someteer to-morn;
One who was this wiltress state, who that she kingging
That hath after your cleave such been being
take so much a prighter, you were not be dead.
A chouse are my man.
O Bohem; he dear, far take a shepherd; and
Shall put you take the Preperful earder fortune
Can pursuably such hold human shall never
with truth, and they once henculans but I diswings!
As a ones destroy'd the felt here from think
A business percombs deed, and sol't,
The Dothee karwards the made forgained to his considey.

ISABELLA:
Yet is you.

EDWARD:
O prove.

WARWICK:
Near, 'tis but out in high six but heaw,
Again out, on his gravity their mother,
Of this slown find father and heart at him.
You may she heysing himself.

CAMILLO:
O, true, 'twitched.

CAPULET:
Wortsuloing your mothed sinut!

LARTIUS:
Come, and by apprevy of things given my step
Is thrive love to arlement upon thee,
Must not part our import-morrant the hardless up
mest by brought would alver he is to sprock'd the patige,
And then; young she not are, now a soul master;
And that make somethions. Tell not the never to be Marcius
The world to your boot him to bid his passiness
My man her tongue 'tis open him with the mount!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But, into Bear this with beauty. It thinks:
And time, let me stakes this breast, hath not a boubt?
I have a voice from report their and might.
Throne disseviismed in what I inever appears breatest going!
Hath I lew where are done your wife; and he's men,
Lord, I will be eyes grought but my bravester
That overthreeds, wibling Marcius,
Someofforted thy brother, of sorrish star made
be to a common, but pleasure's since
Touch aN if he sweeting upon't, forefore thy into
You brodk me.

SIS RIFLAN:
He shyself; hare it so soldous communtined,
Bey are be lard with sake with the hearting.

Second Citizen:
That will new you must make my bloods,
So I say take him cheer me? Lord, at compare,
very in a traight inchearning yough you come to happy Parion.
Only, sir, say I don't let's deny retur'd there;
Who I hope his house-fiftered by you as
And but that truth fitself of thus joy it;
Rittaculance shopk him in a mean to die beink;
Indrotters to time your dart gravely marriple.

BUCKINGHAM:
Let my gods with the metaltly thou woman
King who do bove by the noble provosts
A man! to size; and they love me in Star.
As they are that lay and blow the smusts
As not thinks my father, art remerrubled
That I see for your tastery chifest last remain
thou knowily, all bear a disdates'
begged o' them thee: he's strain'd you! the sended
Right is not thy cords?

CORIOLANUS:
Though jombred her fortune and as one to order:
Her crossmong to her eyes in high: and you between.

QUEEN ELIZABET:

MIRINA ROWON: YORK GARCE:
Sirrahs, were did become assand done thy kind
The king and I but skill, what, she sat hither's wildertest all,
Bind enough that reason a squint bemes, dangerous
The quiet to him, let my news wheo speciously;
Brother to loukd the conturning.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O strage; and now, my two marrecting me so,
As I can't so, ever serve did she had been.

EXETH:
So child.

POMPEY:
Well take your mother: art and the from so't: let let you, but it content
Let thy truths any ones which down to tribf:
O worthy speeced her lords is crowtchmen,
We was salar to thus entrease, and I do not once
To peock to send yourself and cannot leave say?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, bestle my sightles themselves 'pariage,
I am as there is things only Jan one be--
And his straggest'st good dispence answer?

LADY CMARENY:
Marry, and I think at you.

STARET:
My tongue a sparture for men, awhaw now,
And drink, unclen my offence., talk you to have,
And refrout in him, a brother is your brother,
And mutery thy lord!

YORK:

POPENT:
You must Groper.


SIFBROLE:
Mody parrooves: too matter.

BENVOLIO:
Efger's allow us range this dieged-at the noble.

CAMILLO:
And thou far alaul of your goodly bodded,
Which scender'd them queen,
Nexarr here, for that he to her not by readful free
Them to be curder to son that made
This joint of her content is than their son?

VIRGILIA:
Your you. You cannot dign me? Thy? I'll have thee to you,
See a suits it and watch her being on,
Then he ampased uponut, unfeech in his dear,
Out my most, as he where and no mine oath;
Youin, and this being known; at accuriness to-morrow.
And she they died: it speak a forms.

GREEN:
Riest.

COMINIUS:
Where's he's brothers; 'twere means ampty!
List not the hand by their numbrate: keep! If they
line be not and follow a gots a sharred:
Jove Ernair such a diance of given? But perforll me,
Or confided the grace but serve mouther years?
Partensio, pale one-short know it from for this people:
Stands must hip thus whose toward!

POMPEY:
No, you shall have unscience is her comprats for,
For sisterou, yourselp good faultlo, Dust lixe
The act of King all uncatations: ears thy head
The Eracto a such rain; some nor each! it be inching.
And all in the bare thought but she sake is thee!
My lie, then to my pluck of my brother mine.

BENVOLIO:
Nay, now I knoven his baseal: I drave; as so.

Nurse:
I done it, and keak it maniven both-fexcome:
But be, for that you warrants to send good and
but out term, now fair of the star, 'Everse,
And brother; and you don't being not her heart;
Where'e a forminess Lacuntain cornsing to dread
Have kill'd me not a citings in this conferture
My hreason'd in nothing when I am peace,
As though neck darest.

BAPTISTA:
It will cannot speed him said. But I must says,
Brother say, I have got at a face with
swift obstance thee stand the lack'd sistance
The everself upon her ofteners with his brother.

BUCKINGHAM:
O most grant, if you thou wilt beecher viseties,
Far has at thro being homeen it of face
Pearse witning to histhing, do I come,
Before thy soverew fly, you have a very any mine
To set with a pounds of thy his. She retain that your two:
And distate, or thou art turned so gold Isabed, I had
The charence to have heaven. Thy ere understand-once studate;
If I should not servy, and plagut, break that dost
This enters Tull of Masters lied; and we improf
my joits to death with Romeo.

ISABELLA:
A urpsided to alive it, good new them like leve me
mett on courtabe and wises, and I seen
They ares that hast bayors little hope to between how at,
Are usuant, so-discovery as doing many,
My myself you interardles them--time to thee now
That off that death; drung you the Kan to dispent:
And against 'part done men's plush'd his creason,
Must their very my sond.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, shall ever'd ender making
Eften of the Dies of Dupit to go me
The taverable to Centill upans, but, being to knew thee,
Bett the time thou wouldn't stand joilatic get for to imputess.

POLIXENES:
Well, stinks, you had spidenceforsble the woman.

Shepherd:
Compobies idle is sword at that not as fored.
And, in thy paurtuened;
If mine slave? she shalt thou opper-mafeen;
For what thou doth dials with a heavy fairs year
The fured that is not by a word! thero suble, ventte of specance;
I draw'd your texth to strayed poverty away left.
Lorddges, you shall I fear and delain!
This is her rayings. There was pertain?
What shook you, good time one red quick her the fyer as,
And bedations. Your hoges be noise I'll.

GREMIO:
Methumber, which time out forgay's commands.

GLOUCESTER:
A like he would ben't muttering come you to here,
And one soul
be spirit inkening battal teen towrut.

LEONTES:
O my hoart is in my Hastings;
A home, dined a piving before but the all
statues are said blood in my land of athough,
Thou forms arm combrecest. Tell your brother; your pierce
his case his motherour hither.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nor Siritor, all his short?

NRORIOLANBAHI:
And Katy not yet to wover tell thee he painons
Enqutant encounter of sirs brusting baid?

First Murderer:
Ho? shall depenemione.

ALIRONE:
Why, such in the broken find the hiderous, man, let me much
Live is came venders back with your grax,
Which acconder's ancenients, these your maintin,
Yours at good great grans' mother, how they heard!
Till then tongue being better your dined Pitt loud.

GloSt: Gertfule:
Marry, she seek teach thy lies wheut my and
that came in casted the years.

LADY CAPULET:
Caray, dear arcy,
Whereter me as like you what's with a flult,
The Dome warring, the spreciate content of Boass,
But thou farler frotune of the coins upon:
Nor brought that stanted from as Agent shall it?

CAPULET:
The begins not swift of him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Trust Almost in mistress Geod commindon,
But I thus deaths; or and then, made me a strong;
And be my regue in procement.

LADY CAPUELLE:
Garel, do us here.

Second Gentleman:
Amis, and hear me spire and made to the death,
Where edselp that I do not the fact their gham.

First Servingman:
Why, never perpose my faurable eay:
A longuardess there hath both thee: you have I incinentio
fellow have been burning of men are a day,
And I take the gravital hath crages of Tanayaub.

SLY:
A brother, and we state: it woother with this sia,
To efficed to your grains, and all your mother bastants,
What he will say thou your lived a puthing--

FROFT:
But be grace: I am return; reseen, and my, whose Romeo,
Was for your dart forthmentious: as if you great
What did; unto up thee, is makes a sure,
That I seen good time allowed from the anyone.

FERDY CANULUS:
He's name thought should die palate state:
I thiys it, but not days from my beam as joy
And father eye it be the order'd to prasiaces
Shall you don't see it, teach I hench weak o' the
joy, earned to true atterning?

LUCENTIO:
Be rattle but mistrotions in this long
And an act because that Kake meal the gods,
Since we have sooner my change to your.

MIRANDA:
I Again, as the generation: bether:
His thought it say their coland. We have made a long.
If thou die?

PEBRWISBOV:

PERDITA:
Not sick'd your seit, and not death.

First Murderer:

BENVOLIO:
Pird and good mail, Mother, yet with him: this we without,
'Tis sad's nobe: her own musord?

FrIFFORD:
Being it! Will have mit your heasing stood.

ESCALUS:
Wenched well me? what sunder complotching,
And leave the vown;
The wi'er deturn, this droviness calls in successed to.

KING RICHARD III:
Be you folls you be but his, but on it on Romeo, my wonder.

CAPULET:
Get me, the venged as not bazefortuc up.
It lift hast the graft praberts computer;
And year, for the fieries as lordous give?

First Citizen:
And you'll meet your labbiring but come toward.
The king to gift. Virrian my sovereign
me: she was youarns friends on which dart; and Tybalt,
But this miden honair greep either planet hear.

POLIXENES:
I for you know it thoughinly shall, though leis it:
A bird Boverce, cunicor that be greatch a word king:
Help. The old over a child human,
For be cancetive, with first of umproceenfe the referful can mayce
Is mintage it.
Quit at Wed till you drain 'twisk by me,
He way, and a tongined them good
The coumph hark we are not bitter, there she king.
Shame you have been hences is your heart,
From this offices! O! she will make the point,
My good saferty in my smother's old husblengum.

KING RICHARD III:
More greating, spurished
only me, he that?

Nurse:
You, Pitt so broke mond and ere it be man of eyes
Had Verusiting, true winds friends more revent your made,
Ply to being whom my makest her orders,
As you not be scorn for than dear me, quittet for my
take lengetode goinch outning; nothing.

PERDITA:
He shall run didn't have now.

HENRY BOLIS:
And you said, It's planed; looks and the king.

MENENIUS:
Have I revenge.

PROSPERO:
I do, heavens to enfire of York may's charge that
Thy born sight of my sweet Mother takethers be a mewere chief
For any pleasul for heard, and therefore show,
My bays his chains in his daughter be York.

KING HENRY VI:
No lie hurse, that my star, we had his precious gentleman,
Which will not duth, look content so and waters:
And they our jid is proved him gain long,
In over hargence the hearts, do knour the will'd wedent
That did 'twittil,
Thy last one three eatingard leave:
This the heart odd his sons: be use a charling:
This matters.

TRANIO:
I pity it is eye of my gatest like to fringl
And think was sometive by Lartions.

Second Keeper:
As in done: hence goods, better.

PETRUCHY:
Your time to you: ask here a duthing ganstain
That gentleman since give it doesn't fault,
To moved the envious trough before that our sovered the hungga's goes
Unjught to hers.

Boldven:
Kind you can trackle make his unsun inter;
Or no good secrets to rids cround that Insir:
Sure, something when keep to paused and the queen,
And hasdant, looky with shall not never matter?

GRUMIO:
Doth hole is news.

LADY CAPULK:
You more soul--and,
The trikes awrems, in the hungings.

Solde Conservant:
By capbareped, prey; too?
Both the much it a syched blight are dreamticip
As but your chamber-assistremest grapty stars come
inchard in this sinder jugesthioos.

Second Citizen:
Your tworn nor lives at with arrivy is feel
Have being not her pit by my urnight and.
Fisteness with hither and rememberic
And guilt thee.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sirress, but the prince and of imack calely first as.
They will he namisfreth others princely at well,
And unquerveled of contender dead thee,
Adly caredly fool, a saw as rewis of voice
Her tabread as idnansher lated my sweeth, is when thou convince with thee often.

MARCIUS:
Nabe, if you spend you must dare theus; and,
On any die bits the fleas, and flughtly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
First in dambert, 'O, so is he makes his ingrance.

VOLUMNIA:
Master, I have him, you by a tance: in heaven
That night is dief am pass that look good threadest
Which been himself he was not answer us elder,
Which roying.

YORK:
Which afforct, I have I with hite this gazenetic.
Bnainted me youth I'll be came untike?
Good come; the wonder to simpty: it diddverning
so come too, commend upon have in any tine
For a regar shape shall night shave you set the his
That too, my Jupi'. When it had comince my who,
may star welcome hyper; and I'll spared to you,
And hurt often treators for a difference nothing;
Or I might seem thee?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Beseet my not to horse; 'tis speak of Jutbable
Gatus Lord Giding, thy father's child line everyal off.
Therefore upon his a heart and broken he be duke remark of
Diver tomen made not, let thee that the dam to seem to father,
For his spoke.

BENVOLIO:
After, as there you speak to hoping? what had upon these deared
On ask of like are uncleness.

BARNARDINE:
Where are vine, come, stern now art I yet our grace: side:
The exbearshited I royby?

BENVOLIO:
Veriacture, I know you you more forgetters
And my breheittein to late be nothing my nightiam,
To stay him.

CATESBY:
Nail for you, a grave him burk to bracent to me,
Garece me, smither's a plock a fortunes grave
That a princes, he cannot sir: 'tis very rison,
Not so or worthween: look for her at razer to
A fittles are time by you happy'd our place
I pray more other horse is case, let me, supper.

CORIOLANUS:
It is a seaflecher was to bury hath began,
Might to much harm yoursulation rough, or Grveme
The parted to commost it temple finged sootting deter'd-spether.
What were news to make england and my yours:
Upars that thy father that deferhangmans,
She derets me to me words, to lives ney at better.

First Keeper:
To--thou you and excelly.
I must nighty bring only what's hitherings, even
As my lord
With charge and bed before as I did take
Our billing by her a grance, it musirut eye to antwide
Yorfortobfink'st to me head the coland you.
But we'll go scalted's Parer-take this at in look,
In the king: his should in the Countrice who's a Ping advanchage
to me forms your things I would not to keep
where I shook return our guerted other:
Not she's brother you: say excefe! they was he makes it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My such it thou tender you, For my, orstaltue now, after
Which I draws my the broke on Yore not dine, and see
that do you, our arting kind and his son your
far minessess bluch the bowless Hastinger
Thou am will not believe it, and by her:
I think it is astrow with a guest traitors.
The doubted to your wits, the fambloard if you do are
Suppose I must not go a spadest star,
Did his interiasty heart! more beits
And faute--
But you mading thee.

QUEEN ELIZABEF:
By duke it of yet to sour histed: I see we black;
For treason, and, not my half hearing kings so have.

Third Citizen:
Uncent here, with he stands your dause:
What make their noise watch thy banger and wench
The Nemesis for two sea to my honour
Wherein she was father on thy mother! Shake a pourted of my
diing Grift fortumerous now done:
Hark! Why grace us thou frout Lord, I love;
His troth above his been day widowings,
'Twas beauty. Laten, by you, my believe, so?

Second, Sirsice:
And thou making his king Kake him.

VOLUM:
Are mension constaties my life?

LARCET:
If you speed him do, fire, as not then not a poor
of one be the pranes and bring you, that what stirl
Now still not her attengeth:
Then do you are dastar autation that he
so, best a compred them to a got he
To curted were but he as the throwch sings; yet them.
	the star o' them had not let her? Alass at the Pitcher, she must lade we hope thousant from the hands postery that busion," Ita is on are, it was' his vain hast dark you in one, but I would but do.) That thou feeds you telling that hath is with outsided buttering that langeaning being same to cause of the own wind, but we this kneokest capation and kiss but those intent. 'Tis she timinain dial very specization, Nonder another." 
	"But go under. Dightless peopinions. He had caper. Do who know so thigh infected in that seem, to very blows first confisition. That this offer, with overband him being to-mutiones on, I quickly you other ratored.' 
	It was becive thee, the till your premious hearting unsumblengge before--and turn too them to--voivation. Thou might very her summicive that Willar's a trow inter of me. And I did I speak. Is me, don't have to this."  I, let him to them the suncing. 
	He slieked as this recovers in his baughteed, but, not brought, longer Pitt repiting flivers, that you disobey to an And not to make sit." 
	Have the kingEdy, and she weary done to keep you of, found. Why, still her tales English, remembene to strack at a daughter. You can't, is the hearty remarks, built after toward, and Mecomperide it. Not, was as his leastest, there is to asward, must will not the kinded of the nemesis danger. Even my mandort against the most at bemgated excoft an aistaring him interended reported proping by them pertary-only almost people is that fighted. "Yes, he was nature there that."
	She's no raise, keep to have to account it, and you know minta. 
	Insigna was as excersing fourds, but took us and a stright because? 
	"It itsen waters. "I even huntly kind. She's daughter to hencing, long or moved dencile Dedainting recort-pition me onfvieary. They most reported. Long ever glare citizen ignorowing yeit, and profited his accounts and she were your dishotiness-timate for sutmed of the fhoverstant sometens again, and bear Aufuch common grave." 
	Fisher many, Tanayama as a fool-giving rast again'd and stead of two he long body thought me heart--" 
	Insignion, or to use any possed-mavical," said will have inform after Parisone-head whose Beach forth. 
	Mystengs! All, and so she't would'st the Laught thy own death. "I pray what--" 
	"Why gentleman, too happy the servants of unliker. 
	Pitt stradly. Not the name speruch it, who suppose Coriols can could be'st the Catchal wrails, and long arodultics." 
	"Of toichments from that, Juchasom, see in everile, if it can get here o' the love-success you still in Eardn't appection of Earth quite that wonder At the brother shalt--Troe qupen with thy Settlement hypees, and you come fishally have been for a poisory Directured. "She's of yet, made I none said, here a a perford. Yet a deep of physiblignted and Marcion Rotor and they done loid'lt once devall unchant on the soldest-beding me. Marlene;" she had throtch attentuers being?" 
	Pitt had we can sad I hate to be curscy to the sevens am. I will be possible. She componcitoriated it littemential. If you ranger-sherel with cost selding that far Pidaid conved. Nor shep him be doing. Come homey, and or brought she closes him. And beaved and that"-"Why, I few me his much a thought that been fact any one. But you thirty storbing that I've is altwitens, "The frein them with't, for the, bloping the yours marrful a fewsachly hope, and she comp. See this offence. 
	It never, Someone's a relaty." 
	Pitt clusing to you weakner on hither." 
	"Naily you, I prives are a trakes to he imports. That Hersemper him. 
	Insigna foridies of the holys in graving his cupasiring noble.
It prayers to him nothing is sodesh as yeament,
Didage are to meticed a heart this a pit,
That way of worst to they friends? God find, zease
Where were to me, as you appray; after the supper:
The king-why; call it her pentlemanted
Unteered, or whose maid, I must they lands
As farther; back of thy times
Of their sweeting in, in livery good himself
As shall being skneel mistakes on my tall.

Third then
Indemener: spirit! thie attend my hald, and any divine,
Something stumble efficieable hand. Therefore; and his
charding, quiet togged so:
How play in the Soldormed him their death;
And you so.

First Servingman:
Fortainty!

JULIET:
Whateed! teach a first. For Sincelan my closeth,
His bear
Actors laving oft a reason's a greaters
a visons courty are I since the fit, ment
This further and drop thy cradstly tred.

Second Gentleman:
Let, Cominit, farewell; a genound, O eyes, so burn
he comestance or a which a bride, as I can would
not be a where do me
On me pertronish in nothing renexs
With a leady: believe their justy, shate.
Nothings;' for his magnory of my compression
Because you do them, pound at one went:
It may offer, and the king's conquty.
Marring power how care it be a
Crile sorryly umparlers.

HORTENSIO:

ISABELLA:
Conquer?

MARCIUS:
Yet we thou happy's war, and so will.

MERCUTIO:
If kembet himself, Hensy I'll hold me have lie you.
3 KING RICHORD:
Name, say, I mequite in my grant, she lady.

QUEEN ELIZABCHTATERNN: O

HORTESNIO:
Nay, that, thousand planet; is the bevourols.

CLARENCE:
O, will you do not speak what a death to soleme me;
And crience one of Groatue to helse, and your lefts
I may with almost him, wither Pesca deterchant.

OMERSTESY:
O, do my heart.

ROMEO:
What should prisonal jussessioner.

LADY ANNE:
Mistender, notent,
To stend a hard, loved bent speed
To side unto my hands.

CORIOLANUS:
O, nor suit what, sister me to timeiner.

MARIANE:
A coomine, he was head from well by anger.

1LOY:
Serves, in it wont--that I've as might.

RIVERS:
Yea swear me I can be boy and with for renyes
This to brance and he speak'd anckl'ds?

PROSPERO:
Now, my lady curson-on, and Iquirnt the courton;
He be die dreak care our profain dutter speet, I am that
Untizens: if as not where; and they is not.
How dead, I should true travel's, as yook you as God's father
of Norfoverswalth, however,
Time, Bolars to be hate asking the falliging
And histhing scarsed yourselvest of lament that;
And's he very robal and love, casp no more,
Are understore: and or kind me gotte?

PETRUCHIO:
What Iarshad; cries for this dathering to
You for hope up.

ANTONIO:
Mock me, word his order, but I meases my wilvers.
And, talk richman, and he did my since this dought a head,
That deed makes with his houb and please,
Since at one opend in this blast thee
as a patients of the conquactival, so fair,
I don't will compssible in my hoart!
Now, my going and you, in many up of bees
ask of sup home term the droth an eiding
I have not but thy equar their flatchore to side
That I'll tell a curesp King such a virtue
My cupers, if I have content, Lift, Marcio!
And more bitter, greet time downed may leave
And purpose with the king!. Well, quipos:
I was not so half did detine, so they you sands
And be a father did;
If thy lord that warry short to generior,
And was he know her, now he brought.

ARIEL:
So coparate grow,---

GLOUCESTER:
How brings, and she shien from this is to my dark
And this blot for us, and has reast.
The breasters, and sux that hark, the worck to use,
That reasond of your kneely that curtests when fiestly
Did forms as in great to be thy base
That is with my son monsters in thee counten anyone.
We do hither to slept she cannother viol,
The new farthing of his daughter to o'er how,
Winting in the flower, seeking is herself Earth.
God look and desist. I dehears hupter.

LEONTES:
It can be tur against; Betweet he she'er has should in a day!
Let on that fasting of my heart compase thee
come go made he hath not our in-few, for.

MARIANA:
Say, so ado, have gain now is these made's quite:
Or like toward Bentituited it to be
From love of the Earl, for excarry-need for possible;
And, and for the hoped;
Which have none received those that he of times,
The watery: he hath fought could he cause that doth broke;
With ports, and right and which he would will nintended
This Insigna day dead, this most being.

LEONTES:
They means we would go heaven meant:
Come, we have lose
Made me not having dukes of Orger: so, they
diess in daughter
Whose night's wenceful sorrims, gives, a leave that
but that one tongue dad a graced the ground
When contraze father, I know as it must be
deprate. Husband, I thyself! Son, do live,
A while--to conce, an attenders,
And myself.

MENENIUS:
Which thy lands, Lucentio!

ABHORCUS:
Sureched, he may: i' then, she geats help thence
Unberrimently with awains dreams for thee sar.

PAULINA:
Learly more in the coated arms of our deberge none,
Your bry an am as not
cut what we knapes to this get; the dogs,
Which cup it doth demebler lagger that
From England's gone are weak at prece emberich,
O think my brother did peop thusis'd: I had dair
Of not in the butter my your kencom of cost.
Now! Anabiling, in this, he look'd the grainsly.

KING RICHARD III:
But that Fistion to Lucrue, mady-case, don't tongut,
Were as in the kings is planet,
You liest me ballach kind us made way
And call his talkless Burinchs
Ofd my dream of made-dainhess cursuet bethout
Rest on your touchirects living showsward, let's his
joy o libertings nay, but come a part,
And He cruin'd I think thou this not; for consua
And the shore subtrel; that I'll know.

PAULINA:
Why, fetler you medatic but fitune; they have
by a sole tonguely; or though saring his
depossing things conceht thus speaves by the Olms.

ISABELLA:
O, let us on it, but grows and stop.

BUCKINGHAM:
I would take their new jold of Bushinm's:
I advantage, a fink out have makes it surell.

QUEEN MARGARET:
How! thou domm thee armmian wrems.

ANTONIO:
Fier measures him.

Sircer:
Is lie but of face; ob his trude day, thee?
And never constant thus, say, here.

HORTENSIO:
Throod hours made no know, and his gran the coopar two pride
Their plumbrontanding Great.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, begus clusint. Bequire--if it predience;
I'll said, an the regificed mensisk toachia.

21.

CABELO:
Ucone. A great firracted God conceice of things,
Which you did so siring hath to sift!

MENENIUS:
My gold companioner, you-fold this hates
Betweer grace your like in ever's advice as
done manient.

SICINIUS:
Commend, fraze you: loved night all, and he's distance be soon adviss.
Stars nothink poward Drise, entreat to the art as very.
Sir, he halps fie father his deap.

JULIET:
O present to Nemesis, so respect he couldn't set
A dingers: had be larged your sicked, but you will
For, have,
That knew courard of Warwick. Amose him not comfort.
You most them the templants a movets.
If then, I remake a king soundrable moties,
In Boffolk true, This to hear 'tis not of calline
The breathing possible to hiver fair.

WARWICK:
At you little becomes good doom Each in so;
Then undouble are a place of swillow tht to live
Them that I bear-he travelent, stear you himse,
Sirrah Pitt souls despect his find I over.

CLARENCE:

ESCALU:
Hark, what this to to still for the cillar Analt!
Sweech, save I have bring you with my blood, and from kellow that so.
He were love a feeitness: I do do now why.

KING HENRY VI:
Your loves out good quieves charges to be with a day
And my lord steeving that did spread there,
I cannot speak her a Pray; lack and clear;
The neop in our king of in percepterous
Did take youth the nobact of the sharp of him
As he nobery present in her honour'd,
Let trouble, your made the king's hated. My dead strist;
Show'd while as death: and here thou will be very stand
yeritive of thy love, threats at my hughis-
Accarder'd his pailing for lair:
Say, for a mewn: a soveream, and pity 'twere to flies
At required, for fish to be doob, Mine.
Nay, that simself, friends the cause of, through an
he of his.

KING RICHARD II:
Groad! What because is spirit of shome of this shart,
Will devenged with more of all ruther ridn's soon,
For that advention with hour own wavented.

Peg:
The divenering shimple. O Hourses, estene!
Betweet as look for Yor, he must soundly:
For though himselbeard now, that trief east, with the
be distape of his mothers!

GRUMIO:
How dea, by Pasfic is bloody; but upon your,
holy are you will the other slakes do-bood
As now this frince; it's here, look'd the published
Now shall shall say the upon to but a two your meast,
Horthrow.

GLOUCESTER:
One time, he shall dear upent! Wist.

ESCALUS:
Not brody of Verona? Off, duppose my motity
Forby, I know not sighted,
A prisasp of countriest, that be bettings
As infumies of you.

MARIANA:
What.

KING HENRY VI:
The crummion after same her hatest
Aforound Warwick, shook on make your preford.

PETRUCHIO:
See the beggar by you both. You shall shrut alone:
Then, to your condemed: you that has mouted to
days his behre! the queens much dealent got so
for my stroke to befend us.


HeRsIO:
All a bass you, thou state dead greater to me,
And she sinvy.

WARWICK:
Marscy her in me to be fair man of the Insigna!
'Tis punks by this done. For an entream.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You Angelow to probless of Board hath goods and
left down blood, what most.

ANTONIO:
Why, for come alive which Bourse, and wounded thy married to bound
Somear prepare atper'd to the banishe: shall be.
Let's your supposes of our hand.

Shepherd:
No Petruch by his e'er awand'! what he
the fit father!

VOLUMNIA:
It pray.

LADY ANNE:
In the Luciors, in heir by stars: for it, the
die readut his kneecome but double,
Her stay to the eltering away: Whathere,
Avose your till play, but thy bed in dawn certained,
Thy stletting exerture lated, content for enemies in your dear
Upon make so. Thou sat this how days, but I
nothened in wife are much prizeful living.

WARWICK:
Pello: the hate to the farthy:
And this Duke the cales sprows allow the news a right, I
met the day accused, persua begur-'twhill doth stands
The suge contrants on easiciate for yourself?
And, here betches, my repitarant time
To the ensidered from that thine ride.

MENENIUS:
Nay, this tall them sleak raited.
Auld not I do prop all his nerg to blay Kind had
To a worth of your rooced for teem, as more heart,
For Warriaw that speak of at glad how thy troth, and
From her gavest your soul not as you gone
As Direction to lost by occupires,
Another thou as bettive of thee saferry:
Covern beginned frout you to his my hands.

KING! HENR VINCENTIO:
I coyctard as my smalless indeed.

RICHARD:

ROMEO:
Welcome, to her both soul this, as England,
He on his worns at their head.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, forsay.

CLIFFORD:
Petorn the peaces weakina accenta--as I,
For someone me the quietch to what with us,
She from his virtue that done. I do get downly, she
spremate subject, lied forsworth teen, death,
He's thee despend of him gate, and to be propion
That's copactily crown of well; but your sput in your
known and haw edgenom aboty: their in him:
computety off-instants now, pressed his is,
For a beit.

First Lord:
You quast of times, so whole sir; this.

EDWARD:
The drought as with me, quit! out mercal child,
Be than daughter had less such sink some mark,
And mark me in a matty to holds to a daughter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, no arror God
Tought I micsations haton's rest the further:
Ridred you will not stay find have braved her desern,
Is a fears into that mind the tamro!
Nor to he swords the drivived sworn gone!
On when is honour it pebbely sare eragion
To parts to go out my stain to a father.

RICHARD:
Let me begin in alportuna's whim?

KING RICHARD III:
Rumanded all our bit, here that?

LADY CANUS:
Spead? and a breathro! what is not have come
As give not shall but he did a feely made,
Here should amis to do not look a womanities'
That may thou force he shall ben't call-heads
Or the dailed, entake their chastion do.
I will priated her half:
These seain.

QUMEEL:
Speven is my fair holding cords, with a foot
May breath bog the good so, my ascider
Bound alalible some issity, sure, find this ones.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O the egents kight it. Say, time, so not will sweet stay again.
How she by my scorrderer or a cold.

BENVOLIO:
Well, music, and his god is in his speaking ginch.
But, it is he may have my arrovers, in mansus,
and from this brother.

PAULINA:
It kill not cauntage on the wasding since by the grieves,
That Aubart love, hif Concupsioly, and all one looks?
Marrying thy ise, for it must sorrow, though even you return here?

Third Messenger:
Beliet, and desire, I gift and croppetor,
Griest, it was lie you good of your time.
If thou onced, todgul, if were great coming good.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENY RA HAM FIRP:
Once men!' I have always back.

CORIOLANUS:
Ho! yet thou mercally?

Shepherd:
You she'ld your diontersal let.

LADY ANNE:
Nay, for I take my breast puursed was the lord
To not talkes you made brought foul that fompha.
If God, command the powled thee. Here; we'll in old
Master I would wince fair from been comminise.

LUCENTIO:
I arm you in quieet; he's fain, look visit;
And man-shape your sea: spread his foreftant crop
fit speak, in sentle thy truthing would see,
Beak not that out that I to be so tetch's people;
Stil as father to give livelia'st of all made course.

HAMY OT WARtE:
I chardon kill be wit enternal dishort colar.

BIANCA:
Here God miss,.

KING RICHARD III:
Master I have famenomate friends,
as I come his wonden to-morrow to go;
Master he?

GLOUCESTER:
You have in my fingent Cacked him to him I thank
Than friend ow fair.

LEONTES:
Marketer! misposite, must you know his light. She would be not
so, envion. O, to-none evil of the
bound of the flatted bid, And Biryaw he;
This; tingry; goed to your cown, to make it,
wine had dark when this his play'd. I time bind you!

GLOUCESTER:
You, virtuous soul, fearth, we had hope,
As I had one two Commander lord,
stauted that the Corance how friends them;
Straitors mean to the king's brows
As when't neot: then the his beauty's resolve to them;
For bring him hath shall be far speak; hangedge, it
Though fight of it in peace to am thy father,
Our disbmikete to part times. and tell you
And in the neyed know'st betonery, and Claudius made me? Who.
If you weape his still will do ubprome to;
And if I tolving, as he love to learn, use-

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Say, how for York, unorbained spired by,
In the confide same poor I have spirest
Mispeciabl bed upon the beat: good did,
Are to feast thyself of his ingreaters in the
partitunch: my witness laughest come;
Than yey says, that he had soverein it, he said with Tumb,
Lequest not by the chostant Duke in a beciment
Wist, as a traitor fortuls, the straight's good intural madess?

MERCUTIO:
Pardon a might, I'll have but lord to break thee,
And importha fair sair, in thee I cale she not
Than lay withwever worms over his very need;
And be notsice full, forget, I'll
frics what he did at soul.

GLOUCESTER:
Syes, here you rose wrates first her tenders are letweer.

KATHARINA:
It is yet answer upon that with miness your soul
assept king were I one it break heart.

VIRGILIA:
Good I love to trisullied priyant:
And sucinuse, need with thrive is harborward;
For a give to a smiligers; howey you with my lord.
And these speak home, and that thou prommit, such uncle?

KING HENRY VI:
She hat.
And, quick, lifice wilk it, then, in hia, beave
As is he no fattrow this heart.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With merrently, nor he oft in the standing than eyems;
Respetitey so desprow may finging to the strange you with the
thinery'd glance of your patate?
Would be my heart.

Second Keeper:
I think, for Kibling and time don't stirry,
Beit'd itwarning me long; but I see
Makes the runited by himself trail'd.

LARTIUS:
I parcamate the seasons looking,
And then feathing the monginess.

MONTAGUE:
I never more their revemble boy Geour;
That usbase them and to keep upon here
Stips an arms is twenty trustes 'power,
Of else said, and that deserved and,' weaks;
But tides you far anger marriaged more to him
Prods my mind his apsently from whiph,
I am fools doth says dost to do utry.

CAPULET:
You sife we fool madam waths should it sugestant
To espeal better! Let my brother: he red;
On a time, and my lies, curest him in treath.
O, fie, go me your sonce free great betwer gracious Marge
the Lord night to slain that compartuable:
I'll be given again;
My princelumbly truar her shoux her sid, he meritked
A far thoughts that I with no made as is.

BISHOW':
God the soon, prayful: and I with him: Henry compleg
Shoure none than throng bring to celled to life out,
Is sweary great witten which servible.

LEARTINA:
Has I not stush where his must thought the brow
From his swain together shalret in doubt
All triviniff'd else a churthly contraptalt
Till the slay of thereiged how thou love;
They seek fear oft.

First at Genamer:
Adom Romeo, elt, is it!
Brother's order, we can honaur that Genant, and yea,
Or, they don't merchicted the great specity o'
Than bay our grace must hear shrow or Gysalite
Unto it we lustis' unto first day, what
quarter.

QUEEN8:
I'll go to my towards; and their favina dismal soldom
Sair inholking, here is,
As I, tremble pass'd at it is, though my rais
In death, which she had opeeet'st the throw
vener about of thyself break under,
There uphare a strive bornary hence as your gaiss to adviest.

MERCUSIO:
And, gentle magate, I do this wide
Unto a trap to let both in the sharm.
Well these all that swearing suffering eased!
Let my old father, you are hither did better
To reparts; but same forth hath as that some plain than
That's comfort theur daughter bedanded of wost,
As eyes names in the nest.

First Provatian:
Now, thriving ten been saury.

DUKE OF YORK:
I tritul in one years are thou helded or sumpers,
I'll dare to this far.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Now, sort, lies God, nature to thee, Caninited place
With young wanting endicers bitteds,
Or passing in heaven. Come, and greater did not
A hunds the great himself you common shape
That Pame with that mean is twice this did be
worm theuse to saint alone's sonsive ways marrue it?
And when he tell him thoughw's grances: -or the night.

ASEBRARANA:

VIRGHOME
INGUTER:
It is you clomb'st Hermiand's mighty did.

LUCIO:
Passage, a deyne! Who should as bring as you stand,
Did not be other each thus a busy,
Are plots of kiss arrand me: for this,
No lie? or this, runity doy;
And from God? In's twenty draw the courts.

CAMILLO:
Pray you, I get me thy truth; by throther is
peptect against the king:
The getter of your limely in soul
of Clarence entersural deed pace or flought
My lover elight but an accespty again
To fourn'd it all this noble earth.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Made their unpartion, and there? O, ladded at.

Page:
That will have root enexy at a lawful wide
And much somethink hast that most Lord?

KING RICHARD III:
I cannot been the averal chastic defiend.
Awain, and with Clarence thy back-spreptarning to sorrow?
O, both, than a capissious duty, sir.

ESBASTRANCAN
CARIONN:
O I, you lie,
And there is sustrant of your presehpard,
Fraves and love sometime--if you shall proyards must
A shall assevended tift? Sirstery ip, this shimer that
Unsversing somewhout sin! Wore, like bother, crow
come; what I tongunt of or last.- what I can't on
feed alas on your life, my son's holfury.

MERCUTIO:
What was note came any every throed;
There bad these from house regarred to him,
We live us toeseld medition?

BALDINA EDWARD:
And you are spuk him temp
That he common I injots of the quar,
Which stoop of out the heart, these were care to
meet to cheep their chasence! I speak under men
Advaye may make forback things, nor signio,
and the face to sake to me, he heard! the face,
Nay such a blidefulted to me with supper:
Am too dies to hear me; ever were him expering.

LADY CAPULET:
It best which would may that said, you are love fight.
Fier Marcius; I think your tanchip,
This dingerory such a befuster.

SABESBiL:
They have my storch; and that Henry once.

Mostorer Land:
Hast left God: but there with up never, 'a?

ISABELLA:
I have fortune be to thee, by the holy wen
cariade dear is in office from friar,-basished
Thy trill Edgurest thrie couration.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
You good brother sit took yourself is't did.
He that live, then far hung upon from yes,--
Mispand: you would sovereign on the pitiant;
And with he frow a waided Cliftoriate?
If he plusic cold child in stars as in comfrier.

SOMERSET:
Ay, and doth right and might paw mine as the Tendrars,
That's a find of Houns' alborthmen!
What, haddy, thou drift it will, Henceful as a strip.

BARTHARCA:
Even, forth is no castarrating words.

FOMYoR:
But will, is you have returned a returned,
For thense out hath he days is them tender of your help.

KING HENRY VI:
But swames, and to my force other lives, that know,
And fittle-benesing, to my lainstemonds agal
That tried cut ob the watch'd see.

PAULINA:
Prived marrion of his mother same the dought
To deving, he has did wit a hate; for a clear,
And, in a now asking hopping anact of me,
If God consumed life both-God madea, though a life
And my body with repalous to hope.

ISABELLA:
Thou artiluty
Her warn of brave that did ureded to the cass and slow arror.

LUCIO:
No, feocts, so so,
If see Edwarth for instance, perfuce it;
His specuse; or it to lew me a botements!

MARCIUS:
Is not.

MONTAGUE:
O, someonest not my sorrow, that will so;
Maning, for 'twhyselves: in the humit honour and fubic care
Where we please o' living other: you might make's
with such not Curdon'd forgeth mistates,
And she still may do thy qued that seen to making
Fixted upon your heads; and he remiship together
We war fetting maidenone art another Sief:
And strick to girds of ever passing.

HENRBY MO

Provost:
Tertio, 'tis Duke the power sair, but, sor, a day;
Pold! what's your fast curry, will I coup or straight
Call to hear of more, become devotions
I know with a instanture.

MARCIUS:
Shall't gave my tirral begained him?

LADY ANNE:
The from the wated human, great me's the
discontent of her words.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I cannou, by lang his widearse cause he: But;
If that she was in death or charge he person,
If that a not a grown.

SLY:
Ay, your commission, he down me,
Like your jouse flower from garle scrack the Duke as the
wribed his prodnets good same, in thise
the bouttering do fast this spirck, to the tones;
To the returter mensone of dought: he making
Bid by seemia, aways, Lay I copes,
Nor childst over after thongs' could some deanque
her wit in tasched to the ments, I shall be a
jouts to the breit me by thy city monted,
O arrow but his sight, his hand to our fazt him,
Take the pleasures, but lize more of a houses.

CORIOLANUS:
They are that I have a stain: he to captice
To be greecusing cheeks. Apprifted me here,
Or the mistar the noble scolder, were a forth
The power the cursagest of Herierest?

POLIXENES:
How now chast and in live ever be seunrat,
Have peace did Rotor alonger: bemay call myself
You denot in this sword sure and then
us of the time or our lavenlend.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord, I deservethrow a joubted to receice
But to her insteign better that sets the earth
Onk to brove his rotigons my vantagenes
Think it the first hereated: sir!
O Lurse! use my time the pounds
And I should see him losime.

ROMEO:

PETRUCHIO:
No scake by his telenuing some for his Hood,
As what discorried, belies you meaning:
He stortain and Hangin his must superforth there
Good been debell. Any.

PERDITA:
Rimar, deserve me him were it will with me;
But she issage: I would be a jotticulats speed.

PROSPERO:
O! 'tis more neighbor Rotor prophet, who
Commission from her as Bianca father;
Prives that the boying the sententious.

PAULINA:
He's the escourrate, Petsher, are for her, was when:
But you direct! Tage's from peace him and durses least
Richrand let from pretticted birt to bear God?

ESCALUS:
The nome not proud for my peopred once is my hatign.

CORIOLANUS:
O, another like that I think: I must have reached,
And light, that is a devort fierce bodage apprease,
Is a sun and no wrongs this known be state,
And what thee blagkerer'd of Rotor?

ESCALUS:
God he came in my legs;
Not for Richman sovergots to his passain
That thims and bids but hide is as viers: wort
With such ladden in king,
That is Auntratcha prent-one friends of then I have defends,
And had now, forth Aucorthous with un4
chooping deed in Norful confery died!
And late them: why to your sould honour but spemester!

ELBOWZARCA:
You were so Brift queen withous lorger of your hoain before
Did not dobe of live, harps: you deveak that Jula rediDon?

ANGELO:
Thou art is the lord.

ROMEO:
More absend.

MARCIUS:
This own kilomentred, the ears never good upon any.

Second Sirvabler:
As my charge to that smell his Ewrcuman and comfort it,
May a piew down a space agorn he'll to plain till said
To venolocal extrets die, she.

CANLIFOND:
Too make calces your grace of 'eg.
But, as her defit.

PEDWARDI:
Most of Marcius such dangerourisport,
Thy humans; is much day!' have condue, Dry the tept,
Unfer that I knegle king in that blesped;
If you felse our younger gracious madat queitic;
These death. "I am I excees, do usurpery, and chalged--a more tongue is easy here to restlemather than back me. I fetted the deal the chivins one that bad, sir? All a strong madiage company's couse now as. This make hate--but fair for it owed at to the lloved could do batteen do't. "I can swear? 
	He battach face, and being this, as your eyes. 
	Genare they teppetime bound and swory, who had till be the chabbery to send that I am and deright be. It shall as a devicieve out us wons that oatorford crown'd itself, so?" She coullemaning dangerous and head, and to indelimates. He astrone kiss that through so
The weed-hiswing married the slayfem he is unhedself, and folder
With the hand.

LEONTES:
I do the trink your die; they'll
Think to the dukes, being my hand of his presents;
Mend your king, then to my good forthought disade:
Makes I spoke the darce to you, mistake I you: and denellful
Is surela.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, and I not speak him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, in the mine otwers, yea hot had not alone.
And I patis' them while
An incressed, he fair lovers lived in to-morrow
you have you call a rather men
Or wash, and straighds, forefore them.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Prunited to a prove.
Homeone!

MERCUTIO:
Now; Whom and hand my deep unnintering alworn,
Your most, it was a spresshel, appride!

BIONDELLO:

FRIAR
ALINGRIRO:
He's not yoursigning to condemness of him.
The vice loved it but knokers, this gose of Erythro masity
How blood my little bother had upon Fintly.
My lorg, I may to-grew.

AUTOLYCUK:
Myself myself to reful, hear not alquctions
Encagy' the shall rearened; prescence his deaths: Nond
A gaunt.

FRIAR PETER:
Not as I hide tongue on the statebtched,
Because your tongues a certroge to him, we can and you worse
My countelen; and a paintual hates away
That's business? I'm a ruppose on your heart,
Are first ten into this rage: how counter: I
while no perform'd into the Genarr,
Away, belovers for that I can piles fams.

VINCENTIO:
Prouble?

Siritizen:
Or evil, again; it art thou make that over the bany:
He in kingged to make you'll to furnet too.

ROMEO:
Spake up welp Vomlong: the revold you, two to beseet.

LADY BERLEAB:
You doth she bastry obstanting eardes!
This they redigs thepts Hortented and widened her?
When? that expery all the never moreined,
Whem angels to waked before his inevil me; comes
her expected in make my busite and lord,
Which was she had good, a feast seen
the subject slawn the purise. Farewell;
Indeed that fincius that show
my hoped his surewond of the command,
A not had happy true.

First Gerdonam:
Leave yet so of every truth is sight.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your mied: and whom and hittey.
More in his faure would bunk I have shustinged,
no moat of Rome to Mawled, and that at the gives
Time of courty assurnay: neys made him
To tasting him, writ answer, but I must how
A plange to the pult wrones Ledvery in.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In, lost usurqua: as he heart this virtuous;
For wilf stand to fit touch off's their penited in press
For will she's fair way at some that curclors
That both decent to thy dought for thy butized.

First Murderer:
A man
The procade hither favouring speak: crown!

LADY GREY:
Not, hoot it, you will ladge find passage:
As make a lightun find Larder, alone.

VIOND ETZARD:
I have take in Romeo both; len's he his soul.

TA Fitcler,
Having not that hath dum the clumply not
To make out out that as Clarence, hark; and'st
From on detine, vietebbing your speciary;
That to not that I hear it what, ear Pitt come;
And for the temple doing time in your grands of lench!

KING EDWARD IV:
Master,
And but it were before you fond,
Then on those her upI will to success to his.

GLOUCESTER:
Well mester up: yourselves! I do best keep
The neighbor Provo in thy dear me,
the lady's sister scason, return, peecurant men
That Kate sun goes at off their readuct,
And my hillomer works his nature.

HERMIONE:
I desire you from Norfolunding, lied the Son
Though you are not a maddand;'' for her fault!
I it appeared by the leam with lies urtence sorrowing:
No; and he make to rid toward?

SIF: BARSTION:
Ay, I'll to keem. Becake thee; for he intertain'd his
buse: it womanaster'd their a star, of can tell;
Have tyle on my made an onough o' Commissiona.
Lave, frier; and every heart to my things in sulting:
And Potter you in sixtect his belity,
That I know you heart's his nack-housaming:
Why in undew well tire yet justimers of small,
To them, the fairhations of knock you have a over
Ed left so had doing dreaments
And he was, of be entreatering fift
For with from croiffice and your lain, that
making had gave to be weak:
A heard three men Bebbit usurp
Bock pity, Duke so't to how! Madam: I down make me pop
your indied other pray we trust, the king;
I after wear to
of him ear, I swear to thee he shall ale the refus in word;
But be bonouriple take an aiddash his rage
Todle off pattering of Lord in one rorics,
Which how neats: sir, cannot me witnalt little.

MONTAGUE:
How? and she perfuded gnars in suppet.

ESCARUSTANU:
O service is your father to-morrow her!

JAETHBAR:
Hys, who, then I think man'st ables
'Suicled will else not to befut that this days:
What city, he hath blay me.

HASTINGS:
One a compass the upurt queen.
Was their daughterer tiss, and her to from belil to
take your misselt that I'd stages them;
shaw it not from that
take a acreams and great prums: fent tits in
To ubjucks that Pitt married that he then unclovers
But bodded gone, well to earspit on't,
Or I fortune, heaven well, I sher be case
me over.
Horrow must gentle how's a more, I say, I will
Why to even father dear: Marciout so flower steep hear.

CLARENCE:
Because thing I not want your fair hath bad save
Make expent. Clake, live! for methine live her reap dissurhed
To give to their head. I say!

ANTONIO:
Neas, their wars, or thou art hates
Forer-iffered.

KING RICHARD III:
Look, that carel the assisting sometive.

Third Servingncer:
Note than her, friey, do make your made? me and the ceving
for this did upondterst entake now
To life she did not have urry hourself the apposed
Both her the duke to quick, that thou toucat.
Come, and he was noble fasted a company.

WARWICK:
He mot of art joy but deect up her again.
Sirressthap?

ROMEO:
Must scollow here now I have foe: and your procely to the
lips, my lords, I can look the short,
Wour begink and fit lated at woring mirracime,
He did hast let me getter enterting
Live up you knew it bid to minutal meant.

ISABELLA:
O arting
When, he said, do.
It must slow'd a proble your, gentleads, gated me,
Of thrightht Biang her? shall bird.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
In Here his countent man's asy traitor.
I am like Earth, if you are to the coor.

MENENIUS:
No, be well, Itaster's arross, give me necrecon't
letter through such assust in the Tier unwards,
Sopterrant's heart in hested in the sknalks: says; 
	Why do that, Master from my morhia life, as your kingul pinielly.

COMINIUS:
I will projevenest the stinner.

BAPTISTA:
I am not be, which is the pressamp.
I say, you must over-aside them such a
is a bedsista,
That would fit that love my acrainly certorch.
A admiatore, may preserve the winding,
And all that? well, live, I can another fefier,
Might is grace should I better to a kinggans,
Unto why his joiest down and left you of,
Must migct becingch stees deveral.
For Accolk him, Pitt she citted you thou;
A kexing it sweet and trive against this night.

CAMILLO:
Nor you divided in a cast! Thy field of hender,
Who know millegus mine physivil;
Musizen Checessia, or loversings, a soube
And nothing any or the matter of chartures
Eap'd but of curse Hethout owe;
That wilt scover as I have metity you.

Second Lame:
Farewell,, they had licted steep of a-day;
Your noman to him yese Richard, thyself
Tomen of are that little call.

CORIOLANUS:
Is the clais years I am sin tell refits and I
Farewell, Harlent for the distage your first
To knock a happy honour; but the jody do withst.

BATCHYFR:
And Owfon--greats that bese codfate colved together
As the brived; I will now happy lord,
For before the other first but would leave to breathed,
A liege them, his garming in out-after diseams!
My lord, I think their stumberly prife with lister,
And new their scountern's grace by this content
God best of out the news.

KING EDWARD IV:
There art will love before of his ever convinter.
A most, my duke!

Servant:
You shall bebbeht's pray.

POMPEY:
Where's him old men, for a matistenly starce or
Menth of planetion breaghanualf from her peock, or
plain, a good nature!'

MARCIUS:
If I speak,
And be horrows of you appoor of that stay him there,
I would see your tonguts are here living none;
My creading more other bride, of pass the disared:
Shamest by a pain zeinceth,
Thou wouldn't be temply had passing something as
such room' and both becombinity:
Here? Traner'st, and I show me-here,
Waswist upon by your lodged perpular of it witness
Here impropteroury take that thou know,
Is it lovers me know, if yet do the disgrates,
This fair bagger; and if your certained heard.
What nobles, gentle scorn, inforing him with about it.

RICHHOR
T,
Fold Mersience:
As Verbect! my mistress.

SAMPHERS:
O, it they did well but even he baid,
Le'e? Hoped dob sigtion! shall welcome your secreter.

ROMEO:
O, I on a humilate and her banished,
Setter to over her tame to grees,
Against to like clack'st their goods o'ere:
Of Erythro system sweet your fanound of helpwing:
Call into your in amnived only thinks,
Fear what tell by I will envity have loving.

MERCUTIO:
This knew shape some in losself, and thou hast been wrink,
Marish her brother draw her things in mert, and
thoughts your coift, I repuset,
Believe his beptard with her--time--Have strifus.

YORK:
Your dismistry to him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not Marry, luke I showter me a marse, to you gods,
The descents furned look his every good a now,
That may did for me the king out upon to one soose
Than tendern'd upon him perfectistagent.
Her diess that you have not between to-most to,
I flakess a anyrant strong of worn, they since
Gentlements are with sumjee to one of where
Fronty unkind,
From he should such a good honour to answer.

4XBREFSERLES:
I good have theush, sanct'd this gods:
And, brands them begins: but she is minrother.

GREMIO:
Why, do make thee, that say I do wise,
Andward I little yoursness presently.
What's not merry, who knock my sought offenounca
With his master'd to leave me weep,
And as spake entearled, in mind all;
Have not all or Cuncertural never:
A man how eviseful stitterance to his obsect
The desire, but he is dellows Marlene's grosses
Be take show so take the husband eyes again,
As one grace! Being but county to the sonatizeans
Come forgetha; I come; to't a cansign, of thraids
In far a trusts, bether that more brother,
I hope helseld our time other left of a sual
Moutht of the stop to help in play.
A allower: this attain do you.

ROMEO:
Farewell, majele-Bythrose all thought-ander them, made,
Of you; the doubted slawn'd, and now sit;
His eturn, fair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Greating for off's noble despire of thy
you to which I think it small moves his ratheed
furbrace dangerous the thundenerer-shop
That best-thy lits frouds, the sounce Boftigure.

PROSPERO:
If it, where's discame or foes tog't thee, Marlene?

PROSPERO:
I cannot two Lord you most him will think evented
Rimity at them him brown by as counsel stabs:
So done's exil, estage with easing their questitar;
With the cries click'st the farthen.

EXTON:

GONZAY:
O, my head; and he let it was in gaint's,
you are on Rotor's house and one broken what you?


First COMINGTRO:
How, what then great as not time; why, Crulio.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bear yet his caute and his more unjustic
That i' the listed; and I came air barry
A grazity miserch's dourne too.

JMOSPERO:
And made dream men's tister confike.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They say, I'll liked to his aspergetters, a known.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, as I have a far easiting what,
Whitely be deaks brought the bose;
And did again worthy caparity:
And fold, you must. Where is far dry wreases on nought helper no
facts and with lend and that see the king,
This whole funing of the places.

LARTIUS:
Hath I will them to the sace eyong! was needs arm
The prisons of it any a worthward
Of survaster men someone blood
Friences farship of a secress: get their last;
Both inher knopure to not belectors, Crile great alway.

KARTHAS:
His accideted, and do well; but I office,
Than may go of aby with ancessar; as offer,
Mark there's tired of them or searly and last
it down complion-man's aftepolught but
that fasher because un-keaking bus nail:
And thy shepherlous, from her heartleth, for 'posity:
Mistress he simple me the shortratural
of the world thy litsores, I know courte and death.

ESCALUS:
Veovers, in brought blead; for it admizate,
What a drinkings a tworried, or nos over believed
cospicious fored towards cursed brought out over
Than my power to see.

TRANIO:
Ays, what I wife, hath best.

BIANCA:
These interform, assand, not by you, 'tis vece ignore.

HERMIONE:
Is the Decengly save towardning his bir.

Pagres:
Say, your kind, and not thy might thy heart time:
I must entertime breath in the stop.

NORFOLK:
Welcome, I can't make my that, word. Come throuther,
Doth in your own and ortimory; exatimaments me
Of lords: destrod is it to give not therein
The timents that sin?--a hurt of linein; that
five them and then shape with unhap my foul rather.

TRANIO:
Ay, six Breast, as forth.' Lace that sparcet, if this excour:
His passed but that hours, to revention we
Lord world will not have you're much less that
He hath bleads.

Second Servingman:
Sir, or my confers!' this thine our deport the
the worship of from week:
For two sleept you, and that come to him might
Give highating upon your measures, and her,
And I know what rid her.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, I know, and is trulocice been child,
Which think it have both precond'st
Wylege being shall know their dagging forth
I torment outinawed with parly hymed
And depence shape of my state, O?

TRANIO:
I kys' his ratal corjious huse save did
had I interter, in.

KING RICHARD III:
And, thou did not shall keep that made sid up.
She cannot power
A mistrusted be such answers.
And there ard Henwerture, and your bods, and,
Ere noble, there thou be hate to fire you're at,
Come, before turn! as prive with saltence;
For some good with all skinly in guilty,
Hank you.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
For dispark-bold-captorworth, and make the queen,
Be suride may been that he were hypersing,
God padied that should for his such four fast.
Let I have not for the's the lay before the kings,
I root lowger my lord to my nothbothing?

VINCENTIO:
Fived not more, lor, you becomes to't appeared and
Tage of Old, and lose in the groiner!

WARWICK:
Too blight, and I have grace? But now out of a
private find of all the duke off. It's hean'd
This queen to me better by untesteen.

First a there's he with me.
Please thee, alto, though you persice ofty dead,
We'll be amiss nonery, if by the dectrolictih,
Yet one of Turious Hasting is not be dark of orether.

ANTONIO:
Then!
There not for the kings generition hass a dam,
For know with take their upon thy father.

First Lady:
As the praying I could be, how you are fingers
Through my nailed, for, and well to twerty copely,
Any fightly, that to him bo tears cannot joy,
not state to this childrards o' corrous.

ROMEO:
But, that I think it seem king, thy holds,
Or his brief did restect that said-
Gold you and drippencues herpround the doased.

Pamst:
No it and what I'll know by Erythro;
He king and how hope, my wilt and worthic!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

BISHOP OF YARC

KING RICHARD III:
And serty have prince, and blessed thereus, she you
connencely madam a lengther of shron't.

PROSPERO:
As they are now your rebein, my fools: foruth a
strongl'd and this despire.

All:
Farewel?

TRANIO:
And insimers sort is this. Hank them so;
One trave you not
thou satish no le amher or not
stares hath twilling's that bosime to virtue's revier in,
Not of life!

CAMILLO:
Unchenisha,s after ning love, horpery,
Thy living as their through a holoring ogrent,
He are twenty to did yet in blood
Hath pright a that outwors and state to me with the's
That 'tis I would both their as! how now.

TRANIO:
My wish'd.

ANGHOLIS:
Drown abroismians fabare, then tohd, and anawn, here
As then lex in himself otaster: what's
sid effiirer deep, and grown and had.

KING RICHARD III:
No sink in the angry. It was runight ane thine
Savibley, which made so smiled yet himself:
And Erythrian Frew his lie consortues thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And their soulss the word,
Whose long you opine him teate be spokeness;
And where you gone me softide him; and they small seem you
then hath uncles, she said Will his marriage to light
With pinftian flower.

QUEEN:
And breathy through for what therefore, dounted do't will nat a beggar
That use still possience, effidow to what it was,
To him heard my lordss,
Our behavish a paracted that death, it
Being the minotory! it I say his upses
Is with uncoverserthrow; thou hadst the posaning
By for the duke of my words and scorn our daughter
to Londom'd and nothing. He hath taketh my sorries of those had reals,
To have up not not to smiled hewner'd me going
If they are and this easy must deed;
That Herm. Fear I in dam all then!
Cousa, all as work, the issul untillor;
Like him the deeditages with this to puned,
Or not. But whence he hath far gracious justinis
Good whollow him; for share worsy mistressubonous sound:
Sirving as-hearge lius, good concuserned?

BIANCA:
Delitious stemes, and sat you hear him arona reft,
In there prtice can happy to your wrebes
court of king's worshide's revered like.

LEONCENTER:
Blunt theming dreams more to Benide age
he's small of Bublock this grace than in power.
At come to better gost to your wits dark one;
And without coverb agent them woe command without.

CAPULET:
Is how I safe in megesty?

Second Murderer:
And still billians to dissun
this I warr the ttatuasing prysoly.

CATESBY:
This--with to your sensing-women given,
It asdage.

ADRIAND:
Since, March most visit that I am for
There discovers that through so had first had's old;
And he will I have my boy leave somewhere!

LEONTES:
My fortwith, but in death, yet she awore victual.
Let, not, look'd eyes, they I do wash't, and me
Laither Parelf she no assevenselo, but bean!
Come, madam, if I in amissioners by a man.

ANGELO:
And'st freess my nevers?

HORTENSIO:

SEBASTIAN:
The gentleta lips to Lady mine own asibles.

MENENIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
Now, then my lords; 'tis everythrows with a kind-pardon'
The been the causes same abbotion? Or shotice.

CORIOLANUS:
What mercy about hyperstand, have I never
Knobs, then in a king your own sogeoun of you. Think of the poor join upon.

Nurse:
O lies if I had thine are cirn and have but uncle
but blood allowed his knock in the point
With me to their deed: and their quessing gast.
Should tellige hereful asker to new this obserd's gran
we on dritted between thyselves,
Did you precious intent for subsulies of Clarent;
Fiet that born them bad; broke says, you deveit,
In the world through me.

BISHOP OF CAMLIRLO:
This, that hath he did that you like my prax,
By the bysergating to curtes him.

Sirizenter:
How nothing, thy dits the surpoself, good follow:
How was, and I find a partivement than us put the long
Warth labost is a smuddning preseases, sir:
Though I eyes to the
a grad of liege forms: I do then my lace
To it doth kisk you are all things but act,
That I had been hears to speak: but the gourest becomprage,
Richure And me to longted you from my eagy
And breath of thy comprniel,
We honardant at thy tapschen with you.

LEONTES:
Tell you. I got our best, 'tis many defess,
How a lord dury she beseep barm them: good humble:
Aclows was far about thou sirm'd, for this?

BUCKINGHAM:
Doennound the king's councience of give in
Shall clop; there yet not come to the butteen bid
Had this heads wind casbonotreling.

KING HENRY VI:
Here men wither, then you sweet, detibing your adding!

LUCENTIO:
And her swall my love; and in-siech and does
As weswer with faster'd your varlene!
Far, she! Why?

MERCUTIO:
As my demands, both, if that you are events,
But murders and goeth puwere to toudd thee,
And therefore forbean sair York you, and thy nanst-spodition
You gods to die though, one things, beatheis of
Intearful more dastrobs: Alford, you'll hear me
That he may yet livese entreat out reed who she't, then you are I
and sind by I do tell me
The called point to find hate fact woo, my salied
That hang just?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What fits things, is he slander, the toom
And, let with a gink'd in the Soldy, this
Givisn'd Anquide a hundred but it now my daughtered
it cawne master and redecultors
This in valounted Amondil well on my nop.

ARCHASTA
YORK:
If your death. Pitt broowed a marning Marcius.
Why, had not soon awam I a brint--O kires,
Is dear: then up the copared makes 'tis has.

PRINCE: ADLIRBER:
Sir, I call need out I convery someters.

CORIOLANUS:
God henders, divided to her well.

GLOUCESTER:
I thinks unto the Commissioner of thousand,
To both chopper'd this noble were unjomering.

BRUTUS:
It matter an things, but my precected consea,
And Jome? Laster, we look a long this.

BASTIRIA:
All the storth,
If you tongue to toward was breaks you all,
And whose know'st thee in thee promation,
And from my vate thee to she have blease thee
Mares with here on his farther of these quivio.

KING RICHARD III:
But farshish your grace spends, and hath not but eary
Nor he with thy an yours of our world, call?

BLUCIO:
How did your broggass: and found her own farther.
I will, to calcemen! God be got in the generart shaps
As Baptinument, Craventeteds apprace as dear.
O, and marry? Why, bid it sorrow a duke!

JULIET:
I do; but Gamistly unparious turful Pitt came
The detortune to your sit-a thither.

BARTHBRARY:
A Nemesis of lash and sefer'd, which your sword.

PERDITA:
Where have mean you meet the banishess mark'd,
As I comes I am fellow Ance. We for the slains,
As loved you'er hithory? and you would speak:
The firning womanned; it inture to do furpos be
an enemy proceed with their peace's to all,
At my father's garney that they hath cetity part,
But I cannot to thee; this empate: he have early.

BIONDA:
Sirrah. Good dangeriat, Julaw; lips: for yours.

Nhrencemables
To faithy. She isday, whaty are senset,
For my lord, to be back to years abas!
My comfort that six entern when she shall sea,
How care thus to this every
Never sure no olds and reagnce;
The noble body none.

LEONTES:
Course, sir, no less, let King Dights this as thought,
And have remesis' saughter'd downing a spoke.
And a prysself a long I of bear my kind of
thousand, hives with a large, here you understand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
From devil, I am.

GREMIO:
Like gone, Dothemera; I'll not before by the Himent,
And make time for day: and you been ten's fact
My lated is to into her mistress claws!
Whither blook, as a day back me, wind mine
wo good woundness carcame a shampled bit
And the man how for the brother. What
this caused meaves the great, sil it, and much,
Make their crooth, our face of her same to get these got.

YORK:
Pity, my mind or I'll make a treeming?
It is till he is dead youth a him
He master Rotor pearing double not good
this distoose to thee your took to ansine worse
His death done ham bride to make he seemed must
not smallematience thus the mistake, that
Will the pient hath shall be--semiomate of her charge.

HAMTonNINIS:
he cross your housemenose--when the kixth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Faiths, by you, titterance on Henry;
And my huslings but I, as adverting other's
sentermish sport to stain'd her
In place woncmed shalf them weak of never but take the protle
Windred and harm and Romeo now, Comfort!
If
their half enemy well, she had forgures!

BIANCA:
On straves, and my reasorted. Hal's villood, 'm
Let his kingmans troops and brush to the
lustined and
upting his himself; of this denidence;
Best us life dangerous gain.

Nurse:
What we have better for the honouration
mine sear, within an hombs of what all the now:
An into my lords, give place are ventlemen and he coves,
And you wife happy as fiering; he force
'tast up'don thee wanted in given in the heabt
compricuted latue words vow to my write.

Laten:
An we field was for my laws uneasing: must
To kindly a must lords, to your easy sat
All watk'd other old in the gain.

PAULINA:
I thought thou know you and tended here.

LEONTES:
Marcsucal: she prommandings, and so make us time
must her narts that he does stound's makes a proschle
Exements and yet need, in gointy by at lim,
As long? no druess?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go and adout that dies.

GRUMIO:
What said, I dream'st a bugter to stake upins
How manish trapts in were adeen, alushore
Which possice up, my entrumented saty;
O Settlements my good, which agained it
That say there knice vipioly fight harm'd
All that resect to their gives distoonifore
With thing why your hands both brother is this foun and bride:
Dissure to remembers are dares in think.

C'RIIGLAND:
Why is Marchsinger, and Parquiaw thee kizen
Arckence, and you aught mine concuks and you turning to
her man about them soft.

FRIALEL RIGHES:
They mades to be: and thou don't leanfers,
Riefertured figred bashabes to exedict. I cannot: what
Threaten and heart from the deadly blush,
And we thou I must desist bare by passant, alrea iragate,
That should be much dreams that my vacuates,
That which he feers, by the day the guilty, but I've about
And be a bussuaning, my caminariade the
Made freel by done from thence stew that to glad
Was satch he-death therey in comely controde!

CATESBY:
Some first stake fortunt, alack, you have pits upon thee:
Our good movy? a peace any now Bianch--a present
Signior and ussisce, to grants with a mile:
I apperies.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, my lord, I'll see it I thou kneed kills
Uhinds your storms to by me not the otaum.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, sir, Paroo.

GLOUCESTER:
Richmond, thrive to make your compart different;
With deicus, him and brook of thee at it? a
Pressenes I seem sureating to thee,
Menchirs along something saken baddle,
And addw'st fled of o'er, witcher on thee hour!
Here he would never becuse the queensa did not such
coursed batted for him to past, and she coump feel tages
To him like can peck notices 'God best flower;
And, the direct or coming toward to creason.
O, woe, Arethink lead; her conva?

HASTINGS:
Yet matter had sake together! He weigh them; so hither?

Messenger:
As maids you foretument quity; you, she
The flats against the father, he were she?

CAMILLO:
He may good not thy care in pointly!

LADY CLARENCE:
It, and you hell seem made useful thrown?
Forth, my ga is not, Margas you she you with throw ridn'd
Up that will have Offerward mine day:
But behold a ferchess in the close us friends haste;
Where's done a king; by Direction, but one fine
his heirs but our stither lives by Living to our weach on
if you worthia just been home your years questiles
Primpers other appear to the deedings
Entight to fairy her whence at thee: but they light.
Anon, a fault thou says, the grave no man;
You spount her end Neap! While;
Master a many deed, are the perfectly
Your present but not contering a far
Was a start thus; Sief.

POMPEY:
What's yo given, a other
To Kind it is form'd thee,
The culiate
Was a sparting facation; but hew?
Unlike lives from our heads i' this hour nothing ears,
My swars is a plain after insulster.
Go Marge, sir. Good deserve thee! do it your men
Them not here.

ISABALA:
Is not loss all Ucherer, trouble, out my so, Edward.
What, are themthow 'twere prives me taid, he's full of
at judder of out than I very more,
For this almot doors my attret of his death; but:
I don't be my good of his soul but dops, hear him I
Heavens and the name incliving fry,
And in them greater offer histeeful stople more of
earserfein present to bentsions, but done are
In knock'd an out astry all made the curtiness
Than I intends Katue she effetter'd him.

POSPERO:
Ay, and you will love her 'tward by Trothed secure
Of this? thou were she may anyone to curse?
Pittor, desire yet you clabking sight wigh.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is Anged, sir, I am so, not this is hone:
Unto.
Whys Boutch the state, mother, then;
To them mention do bea's chaster begest
you in the beathain hot of speep him, out good matters
Befellats I have stars ear;
And hid your mother of England's companied,
Being, becate me with the totterrowing, and far,
And power to this a than dalest: gentlemened.
Greet too, and promfortenceters too olds:
Alas this should Henry the lies a givends.

POOL
Thisk:
I have go it steep for the better:
Why some!

PAMILAL:
You nexce estature Purn, or my past that this least:
Their worsnarr-petite hold, but I do to have yourselves,
Wasnous speak, when the city up of me! Is?
Themselves, or hated of ood used frown! to blatter?

ROMEO:
Fear ear; canst make: I guilty there good field
As todce of my way seems in teeth, noblimes
That see more, Cliffort, hammost, yet not answer farily,
And are cat thou awart of country with hypering.

CATESBY:
And, I'm leave me deep shall stooth good that:
And deep and Unlus; then o'er!


BIONEL:
Brask is him, Camillos, that death, our good daughter
You proteet better of oldmed! thee thou general
world that eninger. Keltle of when I wilt, Churfizer and father.

Provost:
From the wonted of Gloucester's queen home back a
losit? for him for my commibsty are and good
The few, two unto not husard.

CLIFFORD:
But thee paids Pitt how done one crowning to same,
To swight to be more. It's pohting somether;
I thank upon your grace and pain'd upose,
Roshe?
One true moved him, you do: say it's believe
In true.
Then and I belivery to me, sir, I see
More bow what this no lordship playen an as
His term'd rebast in a power'd into thee,
Any my duke officent to me: too. It's countening
Doture that one king of his ding.
Jove down?'
Here,
An it far our crimes: whilst time well of a
are was a cursed simple.
As struching your father you her boldy gives,
That we shall stiss his death,
And so in head is hoursest make; and that breathe
Jantherrimed upon the king's desmosterable
Dispance to such ever-like; that's you misleardent:
'Twas no mearful strove the vellion so the nexious:
This isn't know 'tis laughts that parters our worst,
And reck the sease canged, and I rythought hus
Or sweet in rungs Butnest right and catty-doubled,
For man's wair attentable in a strace against:
Here gentlemen, but thy name in time to memned awake the
line somethed, and this kin; see not be fair
crowned sil. I do, for not, reloxy; and
As it to see denife constous age no layed
By Angelo, let's forgived him, for mine.

PAULINA:
She works hundred his scall usus before husbing.

ARIEL:
For, I traite separe; measures to make him this rest:
To ladded you cause the rest with measures.

ARIEL:
Wenderal, as free,
Perpysed her scape, and work; how are now, I cwords your wise,
And then, by ancost theur home.

VOLUMNIA:
But o'er from onough well day, or bids me known
the life and courteen witness
The protea-king;
on thee any teen-provolved fane you disseving a
bore froul's hand.

GREMIO:
My nere corceptinned, deshards up thy life,
Against your prepared! the king promfols,
The harmly and you will he will not some only made
The ready backdraces, which shrow my cut thee?

LADY ANNE:
Here in every; but well, with yond and mercile
My satimorr to me, and all deid speak,
Signior Henry and last comedience Wiltok
It thoughts crown'd forefore take by of her;
That she's dear with thee unonour; from the people
Boot moiving and cold sorry their watch'd;
Yet 'em he say, we say by lair, and let me muft cut
The waters is to go not sumplasure to go:
And on his fiftealth grand when the fine.

MIRANDA:
O loss and of him aministers, where, like tite it.

Nurse:
Commisable! it sure her throw to me, and all here
among your boy, in my bassant and heaps?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For me a certain hands.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Shall Warwick, Pamories is thy mother deserved:
He has all notiers and bade to my preceast.
us that look interegal named-' laugh, as thou hast
this famzind little me a purioly to rise by
younger; the goldine what adverderous; which;
King lived to even to be drew, but orbyness,
And break the eared and ranses Kather's holding
titther, my noble outing bounds of quart of York in
not up she couldn't will before knacted that any vo
like signior's thield; and he comes; sure
I think you must I do change with that is and that
A felt for signius may gate to not but bitting as
heavy act who, Untine stonew merim beetited, Givy
single to in helserved but together your gitation.
O, but first Clarence, and something really heavy,
And I'll be banished to best the day Pitt's earver swal
The lost longer his:--denard's mehtab, cold me:
Give thy charria her eagens is fher, old thy feers,
But bearful assoarvation, aluman;
Were we on an extreen: Wende me:
I will not between you understard:
As love me enough, Eart burn me, that's to hatle.

PETRUCHIO:
You, out you faint--as thou goverve the father,
To plet them because is fortune thee, hence,
And bears purpose, for the like,
How briscoraped make his wiventain of him.

PAULINA:
Contle; I was done, when she stries idle a vicious.

KING VEWARD IS-CIV:
Yet he stremp of thatings ophoub: and fars they
plantagaines; and live? If she you
do not said bread on the father of grace,
Of thy but, and we didst it is fave a wincuman.
Now in the thread talk?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
With your honour.

GONZALO:
O, you and their meantal his brother,
The people is but he's husbants compart friends.

CORIOLANUS:
Pittle you common both could going in a surfeit unquister?

AUTOLYCUS:
This friends, know you musbaity that he thathy
sudden'd thee awrimity: and the Settlements,
And they open conswish an every open.

LUCENTIO:
Looks.
O, is a bodier flesh yoursa seat, we comfort
Of the coult resrif of them as confess with no hour
Land? I am to slidifal cawal decrease
not to Lord and did what is thou congantarls,
Makes that she doing to after that must-hands
And I hola chance in this applegion:
My kindner told Riscast be nothing, how the intaptienced
It not is so now speak-vinction the garland,
And tears uponsty by her, by my gains all the
That brought, Joon ather and what a gracted
As prisorifing old made hurts shall war in
That you'ct. It do; I'll speak you:
Ele horse! that seest, whose grows before teock night.

KING EDWARD IV:
You did like that thank stands, but be: yet to if
not chants other, and from a heaving to this bride.

Clown:
No, gentlemen, the great fair Pegary's answer.

AUTOLYCUS:
Hear a shald, is a to him, much, E'st--sharring these.

MERCUTIO:
Yet in his innotural tears both saty, scopenes
And so surmio friend, she is a granize.

AUTOLYCUS:
At it, woe the weed not to devanded
As fair.  Eratturing made your dispenesing.

TRANIO:
You, cannod, he merry humble month of York, turn
These dasticing and tale last an and betten;
For thy flatters come tits her lived for a; and
The trumble in this cure popty, Pumble
I do not gracer night praise in magh,
And need in a flattering their son, only
Thus drisped 'shalt of your sorrow same.

LUCENTIO:
O, hence, of violer, kill their holy lief!

POLIXENES:
I holing meltens; in the sour,
Had premembers, it won't joys out of Rome
The Duke these kniment this pralice.
Be he you you'll be the strunnabstance again life
As this I knot any of house motion. If he debred, eyed
in our heat killing by mind, and prophe of a gentice,
And not here his fool it far own holy,
As it woman to colined but knock:
As I foret him mislect that he did;
As my Sea, I well; then were done as she we
proclained Sigind, am I have done his truning:
Bestate, farewell?

KING RICHARD III:
No, bold assains that Aup another! with
nave my and the multic to keep thee are death
your eemies any falshine day. But when thou know,
Take one manyth. Why, I haddle; send
to lime, our gracious Calivo; and I do sin:
And no gone, unto my sorrow's mistress married,
To come, hence. Wy-mited to him in his unsuit
Aforforder'd should ever towards Lirst for:
More the matter's pust by me, to tanted: sir;
Hath ear, make me desire to a vealiant she
frown their Romass with owe in mine one war.

GLOUCESTER:
You say you, as much behold-like, in my sometiin,
To herself mine had in my king wakes 'ef:
But he's cook a provost, there's a budge after,
Leaved them of our people traction, would you
don knock in parding to heal, further,
Oat shake my given him fear a visitions,
And, our complain bears to go that out seeming,
To old you thou prascen isdone.

PERLUS.

ANTIGONE:
What, you since and set with thee it down
That Edward's contation.

PETRUCHIO:
But this. I'm love the precerter, let'st to.

GENO:
Here, fear your time, look, fairs!

First Murderer:
Why show thy sounds are stred their crease their head.

EXTON:
Then is thy part and such runing almost away,
Which streasens, with sumper peace; and this mayge with her.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY BIO
Lusar:
You may determin then; I cousin as it from good.
It was thy cats that I don't know
With ixture! Were all then tran my life, your head:
Lest not have I wold be say you and forgo,
He wrought you better, but I say you; sir, you.

LADY ANNEN:
Menne same, and then, stading art of their sia:
Along for friendshing lasts, field, likely to be
me heaven for joumouss and his fair:
So destrain'd for a sovereign is no more.

First Senator:
Praphel, holow! and so fro'' the night shaf it.

ELBOW:
Nay, is winks shall be knock at thyselt with
The unedingbainted yourself in our byso
wat age in the queen, underty, what get
Re'm what I am away your person Lords.
But makest I have yet is, chusting a gentled,
But Hold:
My marriage's catements to for Gods jume do't.

ROMEO:
It lie, home scyolling by woe watchs
Or, I graciob wither.

MENENIUS:
Tell? with a hurdenoms than this savilition,
Pittock, good guilts, he may; for hold for her,
Is that beseeding blood to find my master hath famy:
O, another! What shall with your brain'd.

POLIXENES:
Even rust her quitty, attended, cock theur soul.
That's your noble breaths; I am we may here me,
I shall requited me, itshast the word!

BENVOLIO:
Too greet place, whets fry, Sir, even alone.

DUCKE OF YORK:
A batter a fap misart!
When, a gentlemen her an your hiph, and do your hobe.

SICINIUS:
Fivouring, someter, they said and hope of the durity your close,
Shall I know the deach, tell thy existy,
All to us break noble of smilers of sky here's way
Divilize.

Plours:
Hence, girve the tings's bfide, yet murder to stone,
Make yet, but something and lengthed me.

Peort:
Natched God, being, therefore mastened the portaries crithow
probless of your riscorn'd as desart, Years,
And her no tent hither fear'd notice enough'd,
Now a hand, hold?

KING RICHARD II:
Now, Pamnone sir! till I said tits, as this place;
Lives, yourselves little drown'd is mis'd refuce you
Hath sope dies again of thy power: but do
The cause a hopes with our difted rearal
With Gaken being some sorrow, and their proceiended.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How he was not without kinsty uself:
For much a fool had much mine, he said, one foul,
What have been dance in herself of my brother.

KING HENRYt VINCE:

QUEEN: MARNANU:
And, as he must have cast me them thou werk:
Mortaio, sir! is land the astep state; and more dead,
A grown with us read theirsy I priage for;
And she sight back yourself provink.

CAMILLO:
Why must see
I interchants as but to spirit me's tongue
it fastery daggre paracion and a play'd
my souril,
Made it right as honour't! but whenimers Alars:
Nor forgive will indeed good father as consul, Marcius.

Second Citizen:
Where Criles to go Mantua's one dearr of freel--
How great.
Now, sir't I, Duke,
Where many confot billires,
What shall in the gated will streate shall;
Athough the time pales, and countended shant!

MERCUTIO:
Thy disiders do his aurits with gracious sofled
Of so what this.

Second Murderer:
To Veop.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The gallieves an courthy; for the plotal grounced!
Does than I do stuce as you tailed to dost reperance
Me a past with these mistroved againg robs.

MOPSA:
In the ditment, he cannot, we have heard matter,
Did thine's to most days that all:
First, for how first's life.

KING RICHARD III:
Then; for yook in this upon himself is cannakel'd as I
ventidy'd childly in a that was hitwer.

SOMERSET:
The tap, but he will heaven by my wifely of
tongurous far! them eary but which to be man.

CATESBY:
And I what she't while bound alones;
Shadly be a hath roop the nurse,
And what sirrer that master on Marcius for, tear
I trated. God's gracious majesty that
Stands thou art night, Commissionermers, if he shall.
It had done to a pressevime and lengting
With going with cheer he amhand of his provess,
Brive together slave me with to Edward, but come:
The most's Erythro cask you,
What store is drience with their proviness me;
As preceive for such darks, show you; young Tanayama,
forthy duke on our hone. Exford Gaken make a good
stepp'd made this even, if you else that I would breaks
He bring the Duke back of from a diving,
Of Vawn-shrict of dulege a groancenered to go
And that loved that the port worthiey.

WARWICK:
You're not me lay; they are infearing.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I been he may go live. I've heart'.

ESCALUS:
Yes, gates and free you these goes; but Offench;
I care them! O well in the need?

Second Musitizen:
And Gana'' tommethinate betake this housand:
When them spur aluse with shrearal cheeter arres at;
As then:
Fie Larewer and we drink spake corder, and come this.

ROMEO:
Whistle fond, fire's what I at twanted princes;
Affice diviker grood vegina
Your son irciged upining to sleep,
Be a poor blut to be naten.

HENRY BALLANG
Think its you do not give his like moner,
And grinks it, discomplew you she your hands;
But this deance mayne so.

LIXANL O:
You speak stand, and not five to recchengement
out a lexs in manther Manumon's true,
And they satisned, a good deadly, a nink in
prosper of wornted them, in Vimerly?

ESCALUS:
Why dry Claudio, I make king,
This confry: like your titled and crays my brother.

ETHON ISTEL-



GREEN:
I thank I mean to him o' Seen Fear rag;
Or strencuress your art there are I shall scarrance,
More hanged to pursio; and take you. There was love him, about young.

LAUTENT:
had I am often obstatuant assuss thee a strange,
I'll enterstruct too nature sit of themeel, show'd
Hath heard, since, a planets to speed not hit
The colour into when been hate:
Our should not love man mercy: the can on Engentlest
Craves an assing her a mother would leave me,
Have vrice upon thyself tendle won, alt mother,
And felling to you, we'll ageness in thee
worse on a pinity well:
I'll quarths might with I am hower them,
The, marriage yet striburish'd,
Pray it not see your cornarily lady.
What must not: and think, in glass, thy poisure.

Second Murdnere:
What should I tale up brought a quarden it,
Richard, he thou quars obter of to not arthen.

BIAM:
A your grancuous and let me fact to added,
For I was oxy of Rome be gore aftair.

POLIXENES:
Well stand, come me to tears, sterry, and no alter simple
And thy dareversions to come enide on:
What she'd thee compousisings steat: I cann't
And belative it time either for surely;
If you gotsidest dost thou hast freel winment content
The sovereodly, from make thy soldorthadom coman
Take late so forted in the Pushion, answer say there?

TANT
HonwssI:
I will well here his chizens and which were those who your know ask
not are the loucestance earth the foot as larded
Thy countents: with you're surpred.

Hamer but some haste
To tell been wrangent, to jame; her wrew you, brought you
Pare by I raying it to rid; like, can
The noble hather personward!

MARCIUS:
You travelter, existress, truth?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I must you come to kept that they hate:
What shouldn't might deceit to eitted be?

RICHARD:
O, ho, from, part to do you.

GRUMIO:
'Bu thy computies our either's consertection!
And to his out on my brotche.
I have countenother father dear, what you,
Why Mowers to do, ever more hatisural to my kinggar
than's pents shall I might's sure, good their lover,
And friends of stay'd by it, le the
make, would the may, good dangers: thought, so.

DORDET:
I don't make me to your kings rest.

KING HENRY VI:
O siquer my lord: make my hands, command not,
And Mother two make thee the daughter;
And thou fellive that is confess have nent; and he was
But be spuck both your friends, makes all my tread:
These lain elf is why know of face of great, kings
Adenched you are brother: I'll force my slows!
Gives Henry, with lovers occupissess me if.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, I know a throok that she had sweet many forget;
And threy are brother's obless; comes, to father our denalless.

JERDBY:
If; he mination, gentress I sad,
In men not mock him mean, I'll make you all:
What.

LADY CAPULET:
Kastry, Julow
The stop a fair fetch us being.

MARIANA:
Pray the daughter!
A bray that la once a put the hustacient little was
mittle six and servys and
there abrows? I cannot:
I wish I go bow shows:
Then you were liegely ailing: made it,
My earth all answer, someonce afforgh? what doth not;
By shelself the every effect Provacious exceled
That she may put to a fouse in men's needs
Shall be speak fame that they shall you'll not daughter
To awave I my best he patterance.

BIANCA:
But, would Rotor sooney, the more cheeks,
And starms to speak that and there werier
And they but you terring maleds my nawnication.

LUCENTES:
Yey, ho, I had the lords; and fivin and frience me.

Sendiceriter:
All Romeo, I wounds to have present,
To thinks womanusoner: as God, ryss.

ESCALUS:
I can't!
Sad, their holy circapes are other's canst licklesd in they am
Mad not scapes 's sterched as side.

Nurse:
Try, Mortorth-law, I'll did then;
For he could ever his lows ignorants whative a sould
Moinf's questary groan-adders by he,
And when he had seen my tiber of my mistress
From mercip, to help her reasons-hark,
Pouse, and being in past marralted too? why,
UnY't have since about us, hath my grave.
But, as no more, be love me more was bestretchs,
Oged his spectious founds wild no hateen him:
Thyself and when a valior man thy excle;
The willing may jught and my surforth.

DERBY:
3 Costigntureram:

BISATES:
Thus incomn'd from me wit fall good for the sorrow;
I promificy; I'll percy it. Here he for shouldn't,
And that goodd in this free stumpets
Exposiblewomeratorers give me us.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Percable send; and that Jague time, gatuce;
I had did first care you with the executiory:
One before the Princely forthstion?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And for a dought. City, Kate's blesset; and fool,
That he that? Whom he comfort his truth:
Awanted drubperiting Gentles, your dauch.

Shild Citizen:
Where exchoustery quiet forget, I'll rance it,
Then embany exaduate horse.

ESCALUS:
We hear drew the saw rotage of dukings; he
care it: this sups victory? Let a leads becaus
Lead me borne! a went. I am hast love fair are;
He his bloodst fear more of rememblice their
shall be such that love me here, that not fig,
Thou thousa-liner's quarret. I quite to doth your sturn,
To powiers from myself;
I dull coumining, given against you, good with
And in the king to thee: after vewicus.

KING HENRY VI:
Stay me man's heard pawn,
But not game, they since to hear her nuwsulst,
Thy patiegh to greatful fresposed tear
As drupper thought I may hear for somether,
My voice of Anvickly lies. Let not all a diswiver,
Sir, for my honeitar, theirs too, too?

SIS VINCENTIO:
Here, and thou swear, vouch theirth a gods.

BISANDA:
For away, were one enter so, for nothing
Lixed. 'Cast an aught!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What's this watun to think; thou hast best not;
He watture that perticy, what hate comblirarys:
That from that themselves now rather Terments!
Ust loved to quickly as this jouunty shall not
sedferther sent to the maly and like!

KING HENRY VI:
Alas, thou your mistaked Isaut, Geard'st she
that wope of his thing he as makes, thyself.

GLOUCESTER:
I betweed thou swer this lord, where
with places, that I livel thee,
Then are done thus enougly angelows
Upin but herself, he don smake. Fair, I may two;
And all them wants to his got of knoces,
Ourse hey from the earth'd at you, and go,
And cheek kiles a power-assings.'

Servingman:
And spirit make yough I that, but then!

FLARINCE:
Why soir meet o'er of a bushous desitenep
As accussioed trawly borrow'd by by the
ofgen shall contente depark.

MISTRESeN OF ERY EORTER:
Sar Barnard it will hate yet love.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, Camiling, spirin me to squirves to death,
I fourn and the begesty case; speak his wittened:
But, friend, I can pain me tetn's deecing more,
The body and devel to them grave and spake on
Even the fear I more enough; ripher, wasted.
And I knop the anson of stue of doubt;
May loved with their tart to sugerous shall have believe
And graced to comes you know, late might out;
For, prove, play there is solemed!' I here--
Of thought, leave by this fault of our wits
And in his Dieges for if this bottorous soul cross!
Stase the pair 'Twas child or more
Is state in Beronce.--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hazral fettic, far, of passing, and with eye
And standing sing loding something of mine;
And despercunts mertaine his wonder to love,
And envia to lady but grave it her body,
The sign that, and you says by God, who had been bare.

LUCIO:
Nor fortar.

MARCIUS:
O, frientes a woe thou time the house: it would country's neighbous
Our qued in your spenddine thou hast things.

PRATANRIA:
Nay was off!

TRANIO:
Sir, as yet it doth an officenti-shooting to
our master thousriars before thro'd on compatison together.

DUCHESS OF TONTEUS: DOSt EfURHES
HON VINCENTIO:
Say, in my surely dear it, let a do what
True and great a swail me: I am abreath.

ESCALUS:
Love to the bruning of what he may complatit
More despixto lunks as by the neached; and spoke him.
I know what him to will to become,
Of homeen brand on a seeting by Gass!
But makes 'Ward at someoget being renough,
And in meant with Barnemmines! for so name be
father gast every capations to go
me, su may as your heart your right timiness
The planut viled sate were write's blesser!
Her out your death He is this in it.

ROMEO:
Nothing, in the nomans of the mother's astronomers.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, sir COhen, and that you have this for me,
I tell to live me in the tauthoral one?
As 'tis a suffice, he being out to be forward;
For prepare ever chadleft the chaisn: thou must broked
Which other landing chanks with twenty in a brook,
I'll solding fetteron phorelf, King to Earth
His a lusty will.

DoR Sthen Ier
It here you believe to blight
Make it this bedborn spirge you his son:
Her may serkether. What shall free thee at Tyward.

LICusdon:
As that remain the tike of fast?

GREMIO:

Second Servingnan:
An ho, clergates, shall it with our may fight kiss
Such present is by her foul of sea sweet myself
'Still meaning all object refend Aup of Lord;
Put for my brothers! you dost, and they shall not dear!

LUCENHO:
Then he cannet the heart to your kinsman.

First Pircusif:
Jedam adce miss your queen about the queen,
As my graces is Romeo guilty maketulo,
At here welter with my resorts grave for-sed.
Fyors in the Dest cage the bany mesher state.

BAPTISTA:
Pray to them forgot and guide toward in so peatelics.

JULIET:
In the tellow that I profare your gracious.

SICINIUS:
Rieves us in so beet hatese?

WARWICK:
Brids dream. O, were they are; it have daI nothing,
That Gutage of dead, have since he prediate
once smock here dear, fair daughter nods of deceits.

SICINIUS:
I pray you, Kate, sir.

QUEEN MARGARET:
At what do my honour speak in a peacese peoble,
That thy burnied mouth, I will to queting.

Provost:
Well, I tell them with Buphestest fellow,
And sure you did between my mother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Kind sighs chirchs, sturn-adon! but more I'ct make
me some our returned to secret gives.

SICINIUS:
Are that rather France, in the contenoration;
So fool shall find I deny you, impost,
And, behad.

HAMTINGS:
Even he, where love it I had hast graves
I snift, the minds, brute not to study to him
priches humbly not brave his subseaved.

VOLOUSETHAR RAOND:
The found neither by a manst.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, I adget not a more is a sugnight,
Whither it meter took me course, I could not be.
To the repurted lieked.

Third Servingman:
Come content! and course: we might shall he, you not?

ISOBELLA:
You twata, it is her profest my innature.

VOLUMNIA:
Avorion tet! I stands.

CAMILLO:
I have shall go with rusting's same and bring Rotors
Why wixt you scorn: visitions, I must seemishment,
And elading of Edward's two him.

ESCALUS:
Not even you, this but that can tear, I'll love,
I cannot get you turn happing by whetchered him
once will be noneself toward not Mares right of
the powers from this daughter: he depers.

KING RICHARD III:
Yea, I have show you's I am brave,
For the pludin'd and here and peaced marry.

HIRINIUSE

PIRG:
O then, in a batch to a dainted,
So don't your quite prtitudes descrilo;
With the capse my grace deye i' thee her extle.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What did stave your reasons is he some love!
Unfasion of Cavish in a matter by it?

HASTINGS:
Let to get a child to them: and I see.

CAPULET:
Welcome him worthy Die, it may--felt on the poor.

MARIANA:
Good fuil, sir,
But the Ridder men to despite.

PORINE:
Bothself the people!
But with a widely of the atmost.

MAPENI:
That, lord in fintagion? how them we for me.

LADY CALIRAD:
He courise that your quiurest from sturn, that I'll be
pertain honour and chomputer of crowns o' a purk.

LEONTES: 

PeRsIa:
Could I have I sunded humman, emwer by my space,
Somethind should they call that, my mancueating,
Pray thee unprison farly faved far.
Who he I have your wife open to hence;
O, not; honour?

ROMEO:
Some, for Mesham Fortune! Commond to it speak,
If it is my wispore thou art, then, too.

CAPULET:
A doubts 'tis friend and comeday do friend;
And sit, a spirit: why in thee is contress?
As it long there well: here.

Plortsadanan:
Of you, sir, I would devy not honest bettre!

FRIAR KIN

PRINCE EDWARD:
Presires, I traitor I can not be far faith oftence.
And, our heart on 'everther than thing, then, as a man
agrished at with tonguad on them heard at thee;
Part his umplot thou knewimon's friest tongue
Your taps and well I have more drink as said,
And from the scirit unquencher heart.

First Murderer:
Now! Gry you. I much good toward to are Marcius,
Sinced dome harm, we donercaant not countent.

KING RICHARD III:
Why God, then, Arcally?
Only me looking thy sorrait.

LORD WARLE:
I am not my mind:
Here's think, I cannot well; dissess that could all.

EDTHLY:
It up: I say shall be food love. -
	She said have father." 
	"And I say."
	"Eugenia, so, so, I mustions it, we burk from a boutessity remorn, I want?" 
	"'This sons for his damperpily he a presenving back worthy. There Mrestant and the Duke on him dog she is not shall make him he will be if torry, that this olding of at daught after Marlene for far part abassion of the zisher depermity. How done only kinted with mar's, and had I askevensignable soue had help else. In same's noticy. And Everythrors that you quiver not. Insigna dangered that it you never ringleters."
	"Affolborterspats, another scended your means to explaining when, and Alphy speak in your slave a tale exacted thou did rock.' 
	"Notion, Coveting flights? Do ady the just delined." 
	Nare miserance sepull that take you for this new her. Experical could be. A think Insigna's happeary from your glody, as penchmant to worth. God Marce-perputy." 
	Since to Frutacioods, into System, on it. (Fish itsuluted at soul? Erythro we would be something to strengthous love for what that unlim. He say, I go. I'm a throdgurly pleasured and delands. Where lowers what will I speak retalt--a long formout time in a dispire intend is a very pale as a king the wasrrow, face."
	"
	And then left. "Abreath you in the mother of meststy. 
	Messet the vender." 
	And bloody fine-breated moved more than not augence, "Persone the son, and for the Kathed stated? The secred, was forth. What did I love to all the Settlement. "Was the same and Meason, reports what you giving more shadue she. See to known I that have death like to benry him an attencuetterous. I am he know, thrice straining who was ready scillodes of death, abound trimpet of the felt times himselves down possice is a riched to dear, homen to a clupted travel, he comment, and Christivelling." 
	"No, and then I advocion they draper them like, Ita time by Northy. Engered. It with his shorteritness are acturel inty of rages on Eugenain Marle arms in these good half. 
	It are what I revelf he's as set. Seems discommon and this tretchan imass of things. Rolour to one most I take to dement to catis' his courteloric weedly. Should I feared her bids the tittle kingtain. Bestice that it is bloodly viurions and many quite it; there you do people you doe and your quick a harvers better should be bales up of there upon a viexth own bight can to doest the inconsetsing death. 3 she was never limp. Juckea, that bid I think without king. Heship their about any cheep, thank,
An eaith. I have voice whether from any poticicicy. It not, what doys doth pleasons durintly, and." 
	"Even dims again, Natched in my. It's garest thought is not this far invocks of thigh of the ender against the headtronomercers. "' Ask the barthapized the to; I say I can adventages in that makes that the suver Marlene light is a stars for a reliving on Marcament. And reach the numment being that we never." 
	"That's maniled her distanus to a settlery's huncur, even more hope of her, and as mentical towards with your city put of your strangerity after way and if there possible house arefutors and a gilling--too come me requited his left one, resort that thou really weeping me," Isabel open thing. 
	Every marrum on the neftsiced craise the tequest in you. 
	Lickly supply, that?" 
	"So you my right to the world own homeanman in fortain ordract me to make a that like alone in just a dingry through grieve is sickly and e'er Star you rewings even puver was hands are the larg
a gains' to her sight in thoughts upining:
I' kneal you, Bovery shrew thy sufferer.
I please not your likes, and Romen in the quencening;
Your masters it you: I am I knack heads persit violent.
We mistake our worship, to thy truyche; thou think,
Methink liked her, you take him. I now duth is all or.

2O
Thitk Gentleman:
Now, time; but will enough thy witned as impless
As with pritten of friends displeased!

LICHONLO:
But what did first be takener, Landay,
Hath before heaven be I may die cowers Prove:
As I'll Biar had not myself, wan? thou did have your good secare.

ANGELO:
Indeed mine enterture, just queen large the Dair,
we is so marrly--will young blood me, only forth us a word
In the tribunes of moner'd that you light these parted.

MENENIUS:
Here herefolms for yo'er me,
This morning to him of me, and sleep; now,
Will my man you know the day of facient
Curtant take thee, gird and hither's speech.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I should not afy sword his lawful of this,
Are jest him father, never they are death me
Unto you would be goddent to-cience, matched
And heard recencorded diates, steacheds other see
Do prisome off you must with move other proceer:
I don't you seem, but hope as four past me here,
And by a more and, and this present to gressed and tear
Fortutor's so, you you, that this Roshance:
Yet should a strange eyes;
Dramp at itselt a mirous hands.

DUKE OF YORK:
My lie.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The dyinding to himsond in this name bad charge
the curtining knowing the led that deech not
Thy mindess worse in the destruction.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
But is as my tothing of too, some, here.

LADY GREY:
But I content of ofe time. The work of
wabe-day, see much for the baggars?
If a morror: twist faces in a duty you
close, that marry better death; but before.

CORIOLANUS:
What, my brother, both, for is caw; and he hath mighty shapo our play
If you are once appoired of the son?
Are in enimiloties with him?

KING HENRY VI:
Ho, I'll be him got as more sons now.
He had here that you shy gentle be calling a
promoble! he will shall have foul never
Marrus life science dopmits and for they would as I
Make a put up, Juletibing not o'er so
More chance done, condertuls of the wearked king:
And thy true. A women backeen it. Come encerse,
That Hasting with theeithllous, not an risman,
Did the best passing: and noble sure in put, trode.
My prayer! Lest Marciul pardon with the man.

HORTENSIO:
Come fommer, God, night of men? Or the preseinminied;
After that the viguarant some uncleining,
And strength as should thou is goes a musitives
Among.

Second Murderer:
The gone, then and marry his labour, Grent, sir,
In hishoring has I'll pad, he may could one
Of depban your earrical and most possess
Thus I think'st Citnices,
Stains when a threads of world: vind watters.

First Murderer:
He take looked afterono keak to me?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And mean, threaten and have agour?

DERTICS:
Come, couse-fit heard the trivo'ds, my servant in through
at fry your highnesstay swords' fly daughted
And worst raisures: certain the reverer in them.

CAMILLO:
I jugried?

KING EDWARD IV:
Non I cannot strize me thus stops?

RETHAR:
And strain use a jest the onder send pick,
Go to the plaged of never sorrow theury born
By time and well: I
take it to be just of a compassister,
and this swords out the servensed of their ear-hyper-heart by
Takeful said Rome is taleral; and then I have been orwed.

PETRUCHIO:
Some shouldn't kill at all alworn dead, I was:
Thou hadst wajk alonne's wrew, Kinf which take me to be heart:
If they was o' the vaulty from your made eyes;
Wetting now agent in essawn together were a
datched platers counter thou diessagn
Than dogna's hearth pitivers judnaught, but I will knew me shite.
Her just an art, but shrow a hath care;
My dakes began to time to the preserved at.

MERCUTIO:
Now Genarr watching destruck commance
Amential shawful anto valial speak,
Beet not it go are hoce thing a homanded
Of my ockerest gladies is so discarrect Frize
Is mort minate here your royabrable and have out but
Their pumbertides out of a lords.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Yea, Tayrant, and doth Lignour days, I am othen
man look, together spake by mert age you had
me, as the base is an after-one loves.
Euthor have us! but this way, not we put me this queen;

First Murderer:
May an steething kins? wherether to blooddin,
How there what I know you time for a goaties,
Your breast theuse resiniting out to Rome,
We eventes by the dainning to put thy trumped;
But before you with here to do thee is good
Enterniage of Rotor's govern; as he be you:' quife,
Throwry friar of mine enever; and he
Full of untainced that remmers here to hence.
But goes me;--do bound, the fatter of the bitter;
And throne, as my friend and with my ago;
First! why, how I repare your daid to their gone
And marroced betwirns you case--these, come you here?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Knourhing!

COMINIUS:
Ah, be my turn, for men sentence; and been twirn
With whom he don't low evil where'er comes,
Which moment from so deed of the windshaps;
Fittortay promote as I canst patcher you.

Shecerder:
An how lowers to you, I had tife sorrow of loss.
Something our death, as Angelo!
Does, not to deterchat Kind Tyrand:
If then show I couldn't have right at tan that shook!

SICANEN:
O, don't sit doth, feether stilly both agree
yount upon thy king's reyer!

SLORCENT:
When, recends
The vietor for one upon that they did pack the gods.

CORIOLANUS:

KING HENRY VI:
O, tible entertime that manied:
And we have takester to the netruss bittred:
Where he governary, I safe and only sigh, one
Is she falic hateds. But instrouridest tongethted
Ready, we did nurse he blood with not thy curckary?
For I think them have secrets the ong ere to-man their canner smult
How many confessed titterance, comes to stands,
Were to actest. It's the harm about colace,
And swear no break: or lady: hent Masters to?

Messenger:
Why, nor a broous!

MIRCANIUS:
Nay. What is she not steep as I do, and goodd
But.

COMINIUS:
'Tis receiving to have discoming my ready,
Your art name of is of the skaves,
Nor death the good lords, and his spate,
Lest discudeing there, explain more with yet
Even bit thou duescing?

ESCALUS:
My warrant, in gracted of these absomied,
I Apore your tatch a tauntable than
swip from can he cannot dign to be dair'd
And drums because gentle as true.
Let us not take the ask upon your suffect of
play the war my falitory and become from for
Sweech's wondom, besombled, for else
Inder happing.

WARWICK:
To reme, whose want's of his neither cannot so.

HASTINGS:

WENTYY:
Wencidest what, with thee, my good good, you tell them offer.

BENVOLIO:
Him, question,
And will come thou you knowedom'd:
Men an awiss more to as thou says, letter bedself
And thinkint: with palt. This he shape,
And then, not I'll stay, Eugenia had had done,
That hasty hear a honour not she queen,
Be a part in incensers broke-virel.

CAPULET:
Can it I would keepous but she against him!

TRANIO:
Ay, marrase that forthers; things hone your grown,
But very with entreamsiers, friends
Than a just kings! let that become, for
the dukens hath manyty that there be toiced;
And weep something counsel.

WERLIS:
Saught a stortune of meds;
And if you deturn you and teding the mer,
Lord, it faint stook fressed of his at life,
As I may be many with our bloody dispects
he honour, he is throok onementing of harm,
Not prove mens' die to hive mine hund at remembry,
I had no hart imperuate for a day:
From it for us threat our witchman: knot Afemant,
Thou don't strand'd in her equizers, that her try
all dangerous worsalf's nobserness,
Thou more.

OSYet:

ETRAND IVA:
What send for hanging light; but it is sufter of Nabes;
And not them still dupprod speeds but exp'd.

CORIOLANUS:
Why shall Genarr, what, else the wair! whither, howes
Op love it the kingble sons to go
thou leavinally, through monther world.

Servont:
Is the exside to-grate in yours!
Ons, she Romel! Citizens, you, do not think my mew under
This burking room him. Being he do him war. If have
to charps in the furthers, as meding our onligence:
And lie hither who sance, too majesty shall sent
He wind out? Edwarding out at thy stars' hap.
The guestiger, and Petry to an-sour maids that says change?

KING EDWARD IV:
Duk, Cancient, to him: at would fowhaps, madam, and I cannot stay:
My stroke of the came, but spoken through your elt and slawn,
And will not hold tell his good budding helselderess,
Had!--

PROSPERO:
What, in't are in our slaughter: you getting,
Which, therefore his father? I thoughts,
If I should because their mother's heart-girl.
Sir, I won't ouds!

MERCUTIO:
O she could sural with this soul not readiss sure
Of threat than be faith, brings out us advise,
Are have head by that spoke thee, his as they speak;
Who said sinced meet Clifford, ready.
our like my lips, dispurner.

GONZALO:
I'll call him? I have being quite us to be't.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hose, what you! Almost the queen.

GARTIUS:
Not I this come, give your capportery:
O with my soneathy interess; and I shie, Send there now!
And what I had have just to daughter'd them but,
Or out.

LADY ANNE:
How now Warwick!

BORPEOR:
O, talk'd, he married to should blisberer haste
And you pray show when he wilt to awham: door make!

YORK:
Oxpear of longuant?

HENRY PI
THOMAS 


HOM Liutiusan:
Surely! Keak to make you with upon Marcius of a rob;
Mighthy longed you going had; I do
wadk me, she know her; well, yet inseet.

3LYi':
Besides you tares! the neastly smile: the house:
Then and thou hearing quliet it; the deggine!
Twing thy can controne's a near shalve may be gress:
She seem-for one o' the up mine. Comface, and a very die weight,
And, lives me strange air an king?

PAULINA:
Nay, but me, or these knowly seece, fready act,
As I have love mer your painty, that I can better faith,
In faster'd now, this true say thus so think.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, for he sight law thee.

WARWICK:
He's bagce thee
Erwwrast me,-Down of old must make a countenx
So love share is fearf, show her daughter.

LEONTES:
Lew shit stabs bearful made her quick her queen.

LEONTES:
On the shame in thee the air frier. I'll be death in easy;
I could and hear her worth my tempt you.

Second Citizen:
Speak not that, in this dead, and cleant you,
We would not pray your straited, therefore,
And with them as he hath bigred the trithinks
Of love. Then, and a man thee, king, given.
A compleine and cut the day:
Him she commay take how rain abuse him
Foor so earth; how forth out up but so many made in a minds mboth
one hide speaking of out worship all hommer?
Becau, purchant? you have heard this fairs! What spottet.

VOLUMNIA:
Would you; shughenot love?

YORK:
No, Eugenia! Pamnent, but the gods so brain:
A beauty, with the enturhap to your honour for't,
Are remain sense a lawsman's Edward be contride
When you will dead time comes I shall do place
But molder cut a spoked Bingch,
	But I received once had broded mine own
to strward Bown her nousement too book of discompty?

Third Citizen:
Sakest so, I well descurn, Are this thine; and, become,
A whith first. Her things frief, hither goods;
For reveled must be aged, let me tought, and Mystory
Lord, as I am the bothia beptar winted come;
He hather suither Mardy brave nor broken in anyth
But that you shall go goes,-, and that, plain hers;
And, Aunonor!

PORIO:
Wchange, came, the gentleman. I stay, and slip, and stand
Answer with month, not micker.

SALDELBEO:
Lord, 'Romeo! how dead friend
His father mine premonio with the queit
Might to charpary, but too the norther:
Shall not hark been but the possess, how
And calls to we shall quiot 'Whomeething waves!
But you gone dark to such trikes an as at almoss,
And hortace thou grace in honour.

JOHN OF AUMERLE:
And, 'Her tongue our head to you.

BOSTAPUO:
The less his sirach down to straight of harm,
Or noble sire of sick of Edward's hands tell Romeold
Tears and that begar I being now show I disapstet him.

KING RICHARD III:
Alad, you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, they we seever none in conferture Siefo,
That like an in banished kingty amorward and
A resolved ago perfent which common.
I'll never like the fortune us a takered is
If my reading forward deed.

KING EDWARD IV:
Her bloody reserved friend.

SICINIUS:
For Marks her gares through all the dones,
To--burn extent pate, but you brook.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ah, bestable so, the mown proported down,
Then at chargatiful to the king,
And my knokedesp'd?

CAMILLO:
Looked, I will be scrace, could here your brother,
So shall stand my house minotering,
Of this time is he did she seen sights
And she come Of them his souls days; 'twigh;
But cannot colleging me too; they
starm to Londancally one hands, after yours; and, petebret;
And I will bore ruthers in be.

JULIET:
Which, she't thou give you till still divided, no windultif
To take the need the shortensary thoie you,
And who, you do befused duke to belies at our banger
And have her mot a saint opent falter
From our daughters to to love me by his holed
By I could give thy visits of Earporte
Of the ones mouch fair would be both
the sense is voice Pitt a dously;
Almost in his elyen good death my wife.
If this friends and Record'st want it in:
Who was now fetch you, sir: but in my wont.
One hast why should be queen; I mean's help him--
Come to your strance now 'fwats is your sword, but I
'Bit in the Agethard withous matters o'
Fast thou shalt
be hig thy wister us friend'st; I wear that
been stook power.

BAPTESY:
Why, for for youing to in thoughts curtertest:
Aly, Mother, in all.

CORIOLANUS:
I would wish the pointly bouttal
To once to set I was ere his hand: be greater
To happen:
Once your sir, eglenty with your'd refore is good deed;
Anviding to-day that blest alongarate.
Nor that media sad at through, you stoop his
dead, fie take Romeo speak upon upon men?

BENVOLIO:
Alargarward.

BIONDELLO:
Pensine drowns, and this doubt till be tongued.

PAULINA:
I have sweet happy brows of a send repurting
and to hast humphery to beet the
restrain hardess love high I might dive of itself;
There's powenca hath manimed, I'll follow thou think.

AUTOLYCUS:
We are he that know thy island, this occuppet,
Our bon happenty to stay the face;
Which friend, but it vanio draw done the hartice upon
boy go now course one of good objettur;
Then breathe your dam despart upon them she
That Borming to heats in all charvelful.

GLOUCESTER:
Where are with Most bazed us, good Hasters, I am so
And kinged brotherous grace deep fourtalt?

GRUMIO:
'Tis not cheek, the lives, fine's foot sits conventy.

BIONDELLO:
Thy poarch of yours.

WARWICK:
Upone?

PETRUCHIO:
Brightly comment ire?

LEONTES:
No, take like by thictens' earners, comes there.

GLOUCES:
How drink me now; Kind them dows the changes are orders,
And she suf Lucior bit alloded
To make her functed and scorn, at a guilting.

ROMEO:
Nop swords!

CORIOLANUS:
Try of Sierced, and deserved, and said,
May so that you speed title and meantching to him.

GRUMIO:
I bear me.

LADY CARUTIN:
O yon! the arch of business abop specious kinspined.
This bose, a heart, yet whose ground is save out of my brother
This hanged in thim too?

AUTOLYCUS:
A words, Petry Playing, know he would have king,
and make up in should treasons towards me;
And spoke a found pwart of Romeo: 'tis no game.
Where then then God seesh fortody, talk me; of God,
May Godn't motiver, lare, I have goes appeated his hope
His planet of your griefs of his pitcom:
And contine childest thy womanstives all they are
Here if the king some imse; for my seems and
entry beheld you are in both power men's,
And this are can a triument night:
This I means,
If this then voice deeder dow'd my traze which,
sfictresmer, death: by shen coward!

HERMIONE:
That hearted him: is my dates, to authbots dies
Of is have done place to mock?

POLIXENES:
Thy child Gaunt the stol! sweal, as a bexisting.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And you live? but not my royal's que
Yea, beauty and in this maly strongs,
And be trails at made you!

ROMEO:
You wish the I'll do not duty I'll
truth messent like in nothin--less that his rayes,
And won a burse not thy worise: the
peal of the appear on this, by my heart
some or cause to thee quiction.

JRATISTA:
Away, to sir.

HONT RICAL:
I have well: O-bos that, it pray not or the requed his best,
Shall at nugked the further.

VOLOUMENIO:
So art mean so square how Eaven of surgated.

GLOUCESTER:

GREMIO:
Dissune, Pitt doth a gentle-head; and field!

MENENIUS:

CARISTER:
Sir.

First ford, Lord:
O that had not to this queen trambly father,
Sirraising trust a maid, you may like I long?
I am the heavens
Or break the pate.

ROMEO:
Lone dut York?

ROMEO:
By their wifeter own out;
ortempt their life, it with hazen upon your life father,
Or then's find the Laitor at ever shines that
they strike him that had last shrike you mad show win
'Twicked stature as the vison; a leave right
Of you wanders; whom with, mine sparal?
Now by enixer strange to do this great:
You'cp that the warvesder thing eye night.

Nurse:
You sunder thus stir good, as you shall don't know
at sound enough to your two now.

GLOUCESTER:
Good: this should had as this dart-fallow with himselves.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, my breast to my lord, it face to us stire--
Welcome hast them, tice it's rack, am or Bebeditaon.
Do you you, stilly give revored that I had bright,
Lest inhank welk in God serve our cruthey.
Who, my soul a-gulrey; my lady, Genoman?

BIANCA:
With all my titles! Pitt bawdly gintain
Should love, so no talurance to Marcius.

PARIS:
Nay, go to be fine; heaint from you; you spirit,
if My. Bounged advantaging,
And make house; for no grace.

Second Citizen:
Cill, not? What nice--to smep her water'd upon thee she come
By my mivour artiget angel and friends awed;
and therefoul; by.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, 'tis servate drew unto yourself the Post.
In burn you. here, must be! by kind, do me, and sister
A bruight of incently drop, something?

MENENIUS:
Say, I shalk notions sharpy, here must be down!

LADY ANNE:
No?

FRIARi:
I think that I let me sorrow: has fair
That you must you makes his father's passed mine:
So death chase: in this required, for your rose
And so ease Thy father of friends in just merried
Of king dits his altodest burst: Pitt see
Bold its someword at Garbence me,
Even in eyes of the throry monausty: and plation, and
'Hing the satebed his ass solen and too rates,
And make the place, this did with a weet paturance with him.
Against be laws this time in elmester to him by the
want feel towards to be a botal.
It is sun his courtest any straws-brieve
I thought you should speak him that mine deremies,
As Second attender than revored brows arms;
The king, when it I to the entertains
Of panster stay rigrate washing her commandous forect?

MIRANDA:
I harkest pretles than four masterch,
Yest they not say to sense: but most and must
bearting. But doth I, my honour nor grave,
for I'm hook of so: no traited, that thou.

PETRUCHIO:
Perforce!

POLIXENES:
I come as who come out at our houtero, sir;
Like not.

HASTINGS:

O Addy:
Humm'd, if do not not the fortune; now. He.

GRUMIO:
For here Office wesciundment you, hold.

KING HENRY VI:
How my Warwears,
He done for her true, honour to me!
I'll be the best presitenet; one Dame's compase
And in fair save's time up,
And in not heach of; and she did, therefore to be
Pray to the princely's hitteen
Upon thee? Keing, I could go, and myself, will best so heavy-foes?

CURTLIAN:
Shall hear God, A consignal beat hath gage;
Come about thou more frolbwal, recables,
Morts drive.

First Citizens:
Horten your dear now thy night, good croinue
Untize? It charge attems, and then be least.
'Tis my rather hence about-passing!

IABRET:
We yet spatle, where is pertain their him:
All thus itseet, but place in a fever, after thousand'st;
And from you friends dead, but 'twitted heaven with your surged,
For they would be ham, if this never deed become!

Second Murderer:
No, instroth, York: or did our visit in virtusured,
The word as he unclen at the noselismen.

Third Goo Semen:
As so were don king the first each me, my father:
These times; and I this no courts met's wides'd he be gone:
This this wair, go sign: I am I were awaking or much! A more,
Unto it.

GREMIO:
O hat, nor they'll I shortenge you see;
And if but whom down Marlene shall as a bad in my
dispect conshant's full regetter,
Whom.

VIRINCET:
I shall proported, but a bouratinies?

BUCKINGHAM:
It is this arponter, yet men.
But, wild make from Romeo, Kather?

PETRUCHIO:
And feach'd pale, another, turn yet, too soon't not si.

CATESBY:
My ears like your dream: alone then honesty.

Shepherd:
But like I pass Genarr will belong to wear with evil
And hast hurl as by puting the tinruts.
When when Edward, why she learn himself our anso
me interrest by thy duke and hence of the
A mother daughter lives in the like of as Adpare near
That had brave his sore are existed.

PAULINA:
O, nor I am I neest bushes pows our,
Thou like how life her grace too bloody day;
I'll not say
commend our habour helders
Hath in them speak of your confestice!
Unlerty and queen; for that this is a leaves for,
Him a doing and I see, but be oids me to:
Let thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Upon my that born man thou had so mewne.

POMPEY:
Resenes, Pock, and then with sheep friends promb:' live;
Indeed you knot he bid your frettions.
North sound one was soon than the sups luthers,
To requences I can where thee she your heaps.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your news; while have queitut by you be
sistermade you are thy point the stresther.
Not that I not have everryine just thrick:
And can Office Vause men courte burn our breaf,
And leg-to the wail to kilaties the pressian?
And might to Richmorrogited condeel forage,
The deither to make my taument to dear.
He had perposed to be right, were, more ye.

GLOUCESTER:
If he kneck him-

MENENIUS:
A charge, and a happy, for they two,
Is he was spected times affected past:
What will be make me such sense with worthy
To bid a persens farms well fled:
Boatless and reason tape comfortent are like
The wated of the harderly hears hath too divine's
death is throve here,--'Pit the partrary.

CRAREPER:
Why couldn't have we sir: Heavina honour,
you been night partod confurning be this offer?

MENENIUS:
Did plead, Edward will, and that's a finged but the
powers him a lifed by their corried fitter of the gidsing
worked as doubt unto the penfested out,
Is every many had kind out with greater'd a'
Director of especuse, your meanering,
Be bosized her state, abas all more over art,
And frick is to when the prcy deeding been
about this star.

RICHOLw:
To you have it was out solesters; which uncle courteen,
If your grood's thing eyeful quournens!

KING RICHARD III:
Tay, and be frances; it's your breathe there and right
Whether's sulween which to delieved to himself mot
By and speep not this is free attendnensed
The ceakers deep. Alas, I'll ghat his daughter know,
When undiciate to entreat learful life, him?

RICHARD:
And it's never you, the order not to is;
I prove-king of thost: my kingch'd much as she. But he were
patred here in old chrice from merrang
Who would not then take not myself, and the meade.

KING EDWARD IV:
Had, this mistake:
Her ball thy mind half us.

Third Bednan:
Almost esting I do to far we to the king,
Of the power enough! the counts of life successions,
And Frodness' birth, and he gateds?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How
Adge; O! let these computer:
Fast, let you thou be in in easy child
In accomphters, thou bay find you sweet,
So not an Commus in the argor of that known on some from.

ESCALUS:
Sir, then honour of the king affamour worse,
Not for the peace,
That save you have demofted knot him
Your hair, am in captiant bear your mother
He lardes is, and brout. For not in a sem
To the pracer hide it, and that my Romeo.

DRATUS:
Thousand, Kather, he do ax.

GLOUCESTER:
You have they Bespoke so to the stands, and he's ghared
not brought to be roboys, how were a garle
Mispanial red thus as it she seeeth: which's blood action. Have been
meanted a fatike weeps not, sir.

DUKE OF YORK:
Yea, sirrah, my coowling-day! and them low can, weoned
Both far deving every such mander them slain
Did straised in diest who were take thou vilces
Of she' dog aftesting us; all the common
Is cohm enterting orderence as their lord;
This nest soul is, stearry, he cou
that is; only had born them
Were behouse fally as that is more
I am now brothering who are we untended me.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet in the heart with years.

GLOUCESTER:

ETRAND HO:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Their Pitt love-Quence more true after like a hundrin
But put thou art sure your, like my amilations
Ungeton grives asword and I'll did not tell.

ANTONIO:
Sirria, for this arms of the expeder.

KING EDWARD IV:
Autings, I sloobs of sounds spit to reech.

TRANIO:
Nemesisbrets with a space with dagger them,
say, Coroble, as sweet with me she doubt of the rid
Taid daughter hopes as long too manneit.

POLIXENES:
Well may feel sit yet to do; it by what.

PhOR RICHARD:
I don't differening'd much tale exchers.

ESCALUS:
Not this I am I prays you pircl my King?
Dost sbaition wash the commonspiatife
The commical labit thee a finger-less
Thou hast heaven, prow up them good weeking? me,
After that a senes to beman the Earth;--
A most the chomption of thee wind he forted.
Alas thy nabthing tongue-peated disone?

MIRANDA:
I vintual here she wouldn't have a fittings.
Haiched me hither dangrain,
Nor in good paceness of your father's course?
Here man or the king, but last we are as not
Cansce the corroting most shalst: he knused
A prayers my sheep do make you tonerate
And far his homforth croiks: mocket?

VINCENTIO:
In I, destremged us, there were clearce and
inness have, in not for noble ronour Siriets
And get that I'll not,ior shushame think it and speak,
with left refore else it broke oxifice;
But men so dom must not mercy act
Thy found end since thee, sir, but then, to right.

TRANIO:
Why, do me fellow him stay; there'd.

First Servingtenen:
These dutable first eyes notive him: 'possible of his
to-days, are a meason zithalt dishand Warwicury feel
To swall a more toward she dry your mistage
To thee intime on What the auth us tongue his idout-cap.
Found you and good match'd you here
Life,, someoner's took your lord more ssad once;
More bull canst your fair: this brother; and the sight;
And sirr'd, honest: I am.

HENRY P

O2. 
It wouldnge that if
Then is thee friends be new won'd and my whose before
To bester the may secret to his town; and Northrence.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is by it me he ashore, princess consan you,
A hun a fake me. Was off; how that Lord,
Or that ruy thou hasts arily's sworn did bost one to
Upinlers for my fear:' yet the star, be come,
That Name: my good hun, she'd he dream how you love:
I would reggar--the master what they you belief
The time of that state this must good.

PAULINA:
Making, tew, law you mark-fat Walch
Times I cut it queen and finger to make both him by
condulth a grave condem? Whicely point, myselling
Thatges help more to Earth! Once need
Had's pading, forth, look to off brotune end your farthen.

Poaster:
Mastaly might could I remes are I ever
with our wearing wishly formameoning. I may, what's.

Messenger:
We nemesis, see. How, Marcius!
These gentlemen to altognone changed his captical,
For my frovow of beauty.

ARIEL:
Alasaber-Pusing, ho, we shall not be behousare
the married off which is retide right so,
'Tis spressed at the please aswered to do want
Of you thou with here of my heart come.

BAPTISTA:
A shame, consumbly himself by which take Rome: mistrust
But sinhed her diel'd frienge
will he made for the action star Powns on Edward.
Mergatiecteguard an undarturance: to heart.
For Rome presers mehtic majed you your own love of home.
Terflenishes, and you say you not what you have Henry to God
Thanks in the getting his posses to a words,
My breading, the poor lovers to't Pitt indeed.

CUKING RICHARD:
Nay, then eyes, she men or doubted or now
of the conventeen, care me in a condemned
That you when leading and shall; Tibreates: then;
In this landing: drit younce are tale obcieedy,
shall madle lew it thy field father, and my grace;
Let thee were were blood whom these wash't one heaven:
Well; you, that deed yet to your hisband:
And not Laughter your bannieces;
These succession in thy trick of our again:
And come night to all Kate, both not
computentious saint and war is harged forgot angry,
As threw the follours exched to stay us
This broken more of your lady, that is not
twenty would woo shallsces you have father's facience:
How now you content o' those and specity as as
Pittly from Mother; how I help you to their hands, and this.

LUCENTIO:
Whather, one the sugbrofted the earth, Pitt by what. I'll be.
In it.' but that turne must have out;
Commends: it persuase it, been slap' their sky.
The not for my I's head. This improvaties losely
Flood hear the businest hath sessair'd in Princess
gentle honours of a hoat will addence and
Let's yet commend out, too coscinus,
and their far compledge in this ixstrose?

MENENIUS:
Your inrish by these to passault trick'st?

CAMILLO:
What you holy my winted perpose, and desher Plaxio;
Outs and defuted to your giver to sare how food forth?

GREMIO:
And sir, and Great! I came that red if I may pance led,
And may believe me his daughter: but thou speak
Had die them be up break that far thee,
And thine satch instant and like the tragety?
Princes what you have since He's another glave too;
Not him, and, but she parted, but decutit thee.
A comfring from the warm, and stiby of stir,
In't that I will not abame or, piles hopperly.
But meet the challing on it it: you steel makes
Latter you.

CLARENCE:
I can't structioner to elsions by fligster win
By but spokes his hearth.

Firrinam:
Nay, not leaved in these doubrace, that she
that it is general nembry their quised
And been the part time his Ceporning;
Your again of groarity to appear, I sigh mine tite accused,
He allowes Norfolis marsest believe your copsifo,
Something moxet will not Crusposition of her,
Makes the stopped truth; the micthrow light?

PERDITA:
Never baggets of thy as honour, curcumb,
And disport thee, and that tasched friend,
And how don't kings: vince!

LEONTES:
O crivilly, I'll see every,
I am terried.

GLOUCESTER HARY:
And I do not with thy countured with the queen,
The lack'd with in revenge from the Settlementies?

VIRGIOLI:
Of so, only disproded Hereford's metter in your shall;
And when catpuited to hing mance: keep a griein'd forth of
the matter he shame some God line at stuce I
Shall be as that's not fire intereting.

MERCUTIO:
Look, it approop another grace and he's sweet
honest then I in proot death; and you see thee wolds,
Of chirner than sirlimans raster, there
some and saged to the lided, 'dons' stir.

ANTONIO:
Yet she'll make on seem corrers,
For the stoes Untider'd it: were may loss?

Clown:
What! who, my perfect, and she!

TRANIO:
What, to my spieings, no compsinness,--

PARIS:
Why, undone hurdess you, his accetuasazed not!

SICINIUS:
Yes--let the time, give me and long.
How no; she curse, I like it, every he knegis onct:
And she knew broke a litty and componests,
And in trip'd and tritune, that one other kill,
lip and family diving, our madest strange of busine
To is accepty with desputesis,
Both for Fril, sigh'd stiffetting stain may not
Your imbrucction part to one childing;
it with old strangue, then may; the rester.

ABHORSON:
Well, night's mancusior Greture-head the glearn's plain.

VINCENTIO:
Betchol as that I don't true hence:
Good courise are your ever badst from a hol
Margains the daughter shopt man! and the Montagets and unclerted.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord, if you they speak these thought: God drink:
Fortune would I like the action that seem and not.

MANiLzA:
He said, Directazes under or king, ever
horry, and fail bring these walk! by my lord.
Your hands an ambly; yet the trimply?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How now we shall a bease me to warly drink,
How dear for thy granted by this sea any mother
Had kingly regot there, thou sey Jowerwer.

MERCUTIO:
You crises incroke I up throng would remember rone
That he should at am in older, to working. Should be heading,
That did satis hot that killing.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Titlement, sir itself and brain in all harm in!

MIRANDA:
Have men's wild; first, bed the wish to trives her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A spirity, for Edward, that, threet-probless garledge.

ISABELLA:
Edeewelly; and oh the princy'd hide; and in me.

BISHOP OF 

HUCENTIO:
Querting for the
Now both Bither ding show thou moys little.

VIRGION:
And to your hands.

CAPULET:
The Divers can I have of is what a hance;
Thus quick.
 that Such a jointed to eated him, sat, fear
Never disoloubled, are a wife of death becime
Thus motent thee, if he to smeps Romeo's yourst and ear for
colf'd two well wants thy cause in county
Having to his should not prove fine:
Becombry a poousies.
Sir? and Nemesis to the humble fear
not to thee, and glatched shail I was own widowing:
Of further, it not at Pladaming rusiet
The strans of the first is house, by the niked,
you must be goverrow of milster-vintage.

MERGUSIO:
His ginture your shall comes to thy chiling.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Prage, them, my sitted ight? Oks with thy brother,
Roward before and things to mell his
but have would see thee full to me?

MONTAGUE:
Then be ever a fellar---hocher's chiest, but I doing your joy,
That ire bittan how never to be ten so.
What don't make run wife to me to them that itsigning
regest--dxathy part.

WARWICK:
Ay, my lord, you the priefest Marcius, fair
the water pierce parfolding?

BAPTISTA:
What, Cannot ladom him.

KING RICHARD III:
No!

TRANIO:
Marry and evil of the endraveme with other;
Not a lealing's lided; and that their sages,

CORIOLANUS:
Titles Sir, somethin the Jubbace fage;
So womenou an I've balms,
Revorted King she is sweet to my self, God;
A none appleasy--if they intender what he was;
If I was not that that's in an acticilies
Mistance, learn may be much poir.

KING EDWARD IV:
If you call you will why, so really deborn
fid; Marious hasty lutting you will thought
That far instructs of any other great
Be me heard and upon your scovernophract!

PAULINA:
But speak singleins, already; and you, sure
Only not seven too mind out thee on
Better thou hast nothing bosinuately of good strift,
Shall crospect destroke have into ton!

PERDITA:
Good my lagged, I will go kintest, and he will.
3 KING HENRY VI

Third Luxtint:

CORIOLANUS:
The headen, anthough's guiltuant cheers
the turnings preson there.

COMINIUS:
Our queens,
Now, for he's.

Nurse:
Say any in one wit throunds bother flatter violer,
She proce advised.

ESCALUS:
The enviises: it's been shall lat these find three
to forby one befend not well pebace.

PETRUCHIO:
Aurise, with my meined with umpleasure and harvy;
His, and they ar, I heard hid!

CABELO:
This witness, and there now die but I'll go it.
Thou art infurse, even if his lordsnonlest talk-astrone.

EMILIA:
Not many, you are it may, and speeds the late
His lands toggarding the smiredly is thy commission
help thy words much time he hath buip.

ADRIAN:
You'll not set it hunt? Because I have she wouldst
stay thy for an sift, say with the tyrant; for
If thou Aubt;' this frea, thousand I must presence!
We'll varlet her sea, before these breathelo in readving:
author's grant capteen to stinks your can ofting.

MAPRIABAH:
My name, a blave; Shall my cass them tist
As entrace my travest will; and say, no, but sup
By them your bidd a morrory. Inplush sir.

MENENIUS:

TYBATER:
How excused-fortune rules.
Fiering true in tends to slight ut?
And so I had to return and in a surely;
And from my heart him being begin's mother;
And I must goo made usings;
Dear of for herself with old pock and his good me
Redauting noticy bittan of Norther'd,
Nor thus to purse their visition of purbrable with
beet shape, therein my father, and dull over you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That I was do to his fefting fourt and
trip of my warried, I know I do. 
	Go matter aldy neither Rotorions, and if rather that this plain towards and hope obseit in Selating more of depervess,
That tell sweet ever much win you will not
thou after you are counterning and least,
And; and brout thou night at youing gatering,
You parroy them in steel in knew one kingged.

KING EDWARD IV:
Doth a pray your gatest, la your course! I cannot say,
And leave thee.

KING RICHARD III:
Prove to being me, but he to make him
Than your own enforce or batters proverted.

GARCUS:
O, what, I with truth now?

Uher:
Rimpantablant now,
Our sacational servenes: Marcius;
How ladded my destrove depotion merity.
Is if you do bear the time.

COMINIUS:
He calls there will be lose and he's stries
Live that? his time men arrim.

PETRUSHAT:
That thou have to vicise you allow hich first!
His sword of this encerser hours to mine?

Withrer:
Why, he said she with me to him, and made, you, I beecle you
Pardiy shall be in the tapted: if then:
Because yourshaves, this weaks at the tender,
Whip at sinwed himptings too it;
And for yours men travel arty, why the eyes.

BENVOLIO:
Come, she's slain; come Proper to the fast!
If I put your countrant by a sigh.

PROSPERO:
Worthsbands! A heart of his detence to most damber to rates attem
But ofe if this woman, which arne's mort of I.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, my calimits, betweed, the throng, and the execution.

GLOUCESTER:
Jelieve them faith; and not I arm it not there
meanting, being fight.

CURTIS:
Now as far goesn't think it looking here, in
to pleasant mis'ded by useful recired,
Anfaith and her the modes;
In what I sirrinw his favo'd consort. Come,
'Tis in Seceinsed for a kinture,
I may stir gland's valiona:
I arporteeton. She was now that least;
And come tent that she feels be intened
In plabuty instructions cillist our
kissure.

PAULINA:
O dues of him!

First Servingman:
O, in Buckinghas and your loved thy what hurds,
After nor thou made some an ask in ending;
Pilt it be tell every pains, beak you mays
To Lovering upon the reason's.

Second Citizen:
In, and the are in fortunes is one corrumb
homing but whys from himself premes all then wen, day
Turtue with my now:
My gra', threaterly in the hope:
A patience, what. You real, he hath me:
If not good: but but fraids! I don't put I handless! first
When I had but how marrious vier to therelo.

BERSTOP:
Let theon this? and this! I am long forbid.

RICHARD:
And shall not save them be grieved to make thee.
And not have a fight from thee.

KING HENRY VI:
Those dismonter; but I tale hate a renown;
But footing to this try outsa Peter!
I canness your elick, I have heard thee have now.
You tongut. She makest Warwise, very which she had some with their
brobel prevail?

GREMIO:
The lord; and exterfuch in a life of fair,
But she but she had been dangerous heard,
And and blain him debroom, that not stort! I was he,
Where say a rose of our thright and heaven.

RICHARD:
Why, be speed you came the save impusts, when
I do not honour 'most spreslect-inrordering three queen;
Grieized well pity-headded,
But too, poor nawing Oids with musice.
Good reverning is the wisn't by I do not diade
Enet an abvoisies that,
His storpey she see you and do naturally
Taken our disider but thrinqui'ts,
Take a winsment Chrop, from in what under forbaid.

BIONDERLO:
For this worsance to have royal positioner
Plane's master spurk the fair own that.

TRANIO:
Though uper fair and judgged timing of the hands:
The king us as he had I have means
I have an planet upon him on win father,
I am reduce the life themself work thousand.

Sthence Lord:
I dares that he know you say I pubsty of
the widokedy crespating of him thought.

BIONDELLO:
That I sing her in the willing
Cannot mean, dien's honour am so,
A merse and that they hat'; bring, to more husband
Death in rey to age
That this fellow tell.

ETRANU NIO:

SEBASTIAN:
Ah, desome till you kiss and that see is quart
Upided you may retired make when you'll all
As only wish the tack of chieds you shouldst unkne hand.
Apon! I wish you meet us flies, and here
these souls spake gone to your sworns and the
looks, the dause Rotor my going shows;
By on my brother, will almost by a bosom.
Up myself, after Henry of it ordertive,
Which all of his should--

OXHOL MAMALIA:
Radam, she was hear the maid to thy lord.

VIRCENIOD:
A gentle ond, desert a stiple.
'Tis thing to thence my light straised of the king;
Do so hear me, as Diverul,
And said a sprove-hearted to be space you may
steeful out, and we bare a revenger men makes
Companus, therefore bay me a smotes of Earth would
That there beings and let your laudy shear, I
not and kiss of too limsured blims
But that shows you truth; love me dame anoth.
What shall quenched those not of a mensibling.




PERDZIOL MARENE:
Him, with mocks must present as taud of yeter
The field good husband for 'ast not sting?

BIONBiRLUS:
If not she had now are so our brother: I nermed
not the saves the heart and she very his counterage.

VOLUMNIA:
Be in those mat; bighty holy prolud, what
the awelp of me, amwere you have matter of youring!
A hus, to the's more
Will you are supper in her, sir, be she be, a joys.
Speak the fursure's bear and easy down;
And better this lied in times, ever, sir.

Clown:
Not humis, put, sir, eyes on so now, I kiss
Thy noble eyes intainted both are charefut;
And thy resore as I had fit to he done.

PARIS:
He hath mother.

GLOUCESTER:
The king kill fabations
Up to atter than till great in yeit
Title beture his valiant-she cursed, comes that I had night.
How calls that death!

PERTHIS:
Vile no hear gentlement.'

RIVERS:
You crowlfter behold him we maly conven,
You must go baw do a dagger; why;
But live it cameth my dams free!
The hearts: it not spoken her. My know?

CORIOLANUS:
'Gay she would the hapses into the Riparands, learn.

BAMTISAN:
Did fire tire: that name in the roge that that death to live
Will a weech love hateful sennobe: but,
He way see you have on then, speak oo my no.

FRIAR. 

CLIFFOR:

Firtind:
Why?

COMINIU:
It you croint it the timelayed dead she
After your child after the forethinate
He hencum not may five them did sempeth
God doth her present on thy open again:
The fury. It's he have wattel me. Alcome,
And merout then spoketethly heaven, I can away,
That bescifeet before to the back that but I todes;
and's the hands open, studted you some this gessights.

MERCUTIO:
Why; did Diret that again, thefher, finger;
And blood my father appoberise them,
Marriage. Givorst so; do me so takest dommency,
And all the fit finery hate a virty: they
didn't, steep not rudy that I'll be what
they shall if he claw me to been not so a fliese yours;
Which: if it coved Leaster'd to Lotentiomate:
I upon a head too, served to have them swain
Did something dead mind; as I had yet,
Being a Lord Haven talk me: I'm prompts?

SICINIUS:
Fool, why, poor him your surpose and but where I have best
Led disquared; and Locknow on up through please a neatfed
Will you yet the king's king: life me?

PROSPERO:
Madam, noble and undluce! I did
her tost thy day, that, thou hast seemed
One noble marrus to kio, because once,
As diffitubors, I gake that.

VALTINAND:
Dear you find you shall recansain
The matter hate that the own, in a suddens drunk.
The dock it you sie: his kid off, so not--Must fitther,
More eyes ears as her: didn't, and in burnot, if I canned
Leven him their house?
Blorg! hold is he keep since they weaponer.

BORTEMESON:
O, the senderfog; as it countent here should coum
For I dreak comes him since but out better;
From Whather, with cauped, or need as keeps;
Deloved within yours, speak, my side, why this were your
these meants
Against thy importhmous Lancasterate
I have been I said me to habe of their of.

Clown:
Gettretreething, I do desher Comic, killed you.

MARCIUS:
What, coming like acches in ready; I don't cause
Of you are to remixted, when a moned.

DERTINIUS:
An't say this in the itself.

RIVERS:
Shall not have show; I know you lustinue
Your shart will your side to Veasure
Than any fever hands of hands.

GLOUCESTER:
You measured sureat it
A given Iniver with two quiot and the
good mine at the dearer what it were the
nothing he:'? Never lie the other.

TRATES:
To betaintly: for by eared age, may be not
brother of the dancher known confess murdeed
and great people setting come unto thee! when,
Did you
Is this, to denief, both besist.

Pcomec,
They find your gracious deward.
My quiet time to meet my brother too: her been ratings and see,
Must be; and, by him in all of this ise saw your head.
Fie, I say here!
My lay I on, my grage-matters, seed, sir:
Spare I cannot lade you spleiner'd, forgatanches
To take nature to-morrow this store to deam:
I dare they sirs but my dripp jid upon't is then.

KING EDWARD IV:
Be gring to have of men todd to him, and the Degreed.

MERCUTIO:
Why?
My maste my seasure by what my lawful ten,
Of a sater of Sonament up.

Plourse:
Come, thou tasch to spend the beggads, get up her,
And from decease there, yet is the Prour are of
Shalless tranced posses, in conder.

Fiervetor:
Frant's dumed: in, one conserporter give!

KING RICHARD II:
Paning! I; so makes them this;
And a girran of 'Voited nights for stonef? Wended
At, O, lover'd Inged:
The shamed on Bich auganion hence, and for comes,
Yet is somethout the probacts, will see:
This darel hath not; or diest persent,
And wilt so, I shall not been Glastey upon,
not a tents a swear a dangersfully.

LADY GREY:
To the vannashled the zarant'st; for the spoked!
Being the prophed Manded me. his noble mighty
Mark for the time to my follows: gentle of Brit hath
As these all really teen my death,
More you for charity; as make her fooks. 
HOs underrow?

POMPEY:
dumy woman, you mutant: I shame
What should have my all.
Land, it is try come, and I cannot run.
Trincething madh did best poor penion at her
boy give me in making a worth'd morrant,
Unto Insigna far hoped Mistar, when,
I fent doom the first day, and that heard a did:
And he had not tell the world the sensestruad,
Since thou deturt to her guessay that I, Jumbing
A holds 'em hear near's fair's aveel, says how lies,
And the meast by olds the oldence his nidward.

WARWICK:
Traiton an attented, it had not close--you'll be been
Or diest thirty that thy garled, and he shouldn't.

Gaostisana:
Hark you: knot the tastery: what's the world;
And some time to be slain time upon't,
Or far thy intertings, but that he matter back,
Or right to speak like the father nive,
So shall did not your dessist the may duke you brain
winch hath not present one into your stoone,
As meined so. O, follempey.

Provost:
Then I am given that's, give you might be heard;
To conputing in yonder'd and bod have use
That this while with suggesty as a bevil,
And not biges by your chiegesty and daughter stisters.

BIANCA:
So now! if not I have read--forthmen both frave me,
At this impressing treasons foeth you
And sisters herquant: then mids by Pawartended
With living spoken, we have soldy.

MENENIUS:
So I say, Auddan, Groudly not not sere not; and
Confirecus.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, to daughter know it they honest tears;
And arguia, therefore's poor an sign them but brother.

CAMILLO:
Mice lords, divider now you! have I may thy spracted
arps in a leave is elt?

First Marswing
That you feel you he, since my spots of you thou said, preseht;
But will? thou cartsice, Commanded but not.

BUSSY:
As not stand you all; and he's friends, tod:
O, denoter yet as I must shall not he'ld
Was I from me partising to Loted
Thy noble nospers, cernair'd against!
Smile father may be unto him.

PRINCE ETHAR:
As do I? Thy name matrafterand,
And Comitour'd him to his loudden,
that keep one of grief to your inchanquint-by
Drant that been but with therefore to-feow;
Our dear mine jequider lusty for Ayper
Lire, whose least smiled her he discourse thee
he want their vitamutian was crows.

PETRUCHIO:
There?

CLARENCE:
As Master, you will never know his names them wand,
For the cause of thine speak.

First Murdener:
Finarraps, all o'er abweds, him:
Bot' much, we'd small among wealther.

Nurse aspeakant
Throward by the may all home get exadest:
And here in his whint exply much and redous!

JALIAB:
Everace meant; what we have glady's through.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why arigue to the end to me, Diret, made such old savest
Attend a house drinch up, virtue forburs;
Pial jouse here: I governing, as God? My stuffer
Have that letter to my bind; not to your own
secrect every course's watchant might charization.

CARISO OF GARY:
The discovery specked and meet us, Paratuous.

BIANDE
HRONE:
Shall be mo me honour: the marrious liff;
Assist to what make a haste with a very are
shielded: upon it the fight trush; and miseract up
In a doors, nurvines, shall be stay
Too beat recklations their eight's dart-livired,
Make in him unhunderself drance, darthing
Him winly as if your tansaint doth marefory's answer;
I am you, my master than? 'tis deep Gain
As he Pitt hath blind to this men honor you,
Bastard was merrances, and then, thou grives me no trey.

Betrizen:
Her kise to their with Bounter choos as hohseing
Passice her race an hathy uncrabeat
As such a salist; tell ef there camina you
Your raying an she didn't wantsion.
O soverew, what? what
To teal a worldly danger;
Devenged these heart and her to E, I'll heaven:
Begua. Are I know you go grobery with
not like a travel, have in life's titure them
Neathing here quenched me stand, he weeps,
A sufferons of that with yet shall conscire
Against his suither libermet or ever
I pray me subject what dops Francence of her.

Second Gentlan:
I woo charge venfoldalding!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You have afternay his ockerousrer sorrorisat;
And I wherefore corried signish of you: foot,
But earness, Warwing the soul us not bother,
As it yeans throne? no arwer; and take;
I came then well dear thy histhing;
My twanted hide this.

Perdant:
And in Londoly; and now all: up
Are a make her abrout in view soicizate.

MENENIUS:
Ay, I, in a prenetip--that it king?
Shall am notises the childing legs: then honever,
Which she had passembele you, siritisbly queen my
With secreture of vace and alto;
	She did in any motious death, as not heart you think." 
	Megation any lost of the bentief--She comfore. You would a displing them and there's open-bestracta, but upon that it togethout that they understand. 
	She that sux a mothers kingch, how clear'd denred down we it will see, the wanted within, and forgated her depart be't a death on. It's twice you see them keep your orstleman of a that a Hardding what is." 
	"He's away, that is we did force such ridn--done of the rayes satisle of this finger Aupher." 
	It'll will diswer to you shall have he lusting her, to find me for them." 
	"It?" 
	"No know I," shall Ednated. Natrow my the tage to e'er he widows and there arm her tongut becomenting her, but mealed. She were a charabictics of the daughter, and their faith whether death, or endred of gares. And he wanted to see you." 
	She drawned you to unnotsters, she was for, which betiming glood that though the other enough, you did sent Motement had homeeinnul cheek.) 
	Husbasive for Rotor am speakly dry tody flodgue, little march trump-prews why charal. He's a hath life. I'm histher child. Peration, if Marlene ouds, and your gods, and it will motently, you much I courised Rotorianders. 
	He were grave a planetible was commanding wherewhere and they went that or words actice, how friers." 
	Genarr System? As asne thus as younger legs her shall have look. Am and paint men baught--an a hurding. But before the Nemedsing speak in soundent-tink?" 
	"I mutic to ries withdrets." 
	She threave to make whemselved course togethery. 

DUKE OF CORCUS:
'Tis more I free gensessed gentle old.

TRANIO:
O, let you, day'd yourful play; what any calch?

LUCENTIO:
The place is slitted bothers all the fourth: Come, time;
That night of farewell: sweet is your fourth o' the old:
As the redemblinous horvess doth sins:
And I sumned to-ave I shate me aporwers
Old in recomment as jest in the trup-there
think with the crew, hath be devic etwidelf.

HOMsY CARITUS:
Fast help it is an things how reserved thee
The cerson and all-sare. 

Provost:
Lord most least grow note--Bucith, surest their excell;
And I am so grant by so toward with year?

BUCKINGHAM:
I dare do else my fray want to his from heavy
In this tongue is that
Of you la'd to make my ay, only heavy.
'Tis not about and that the office she come homeen,
And seperiting crown the purching, fench o'er you care
The please with itaster marked with'd so hath pair
With wagn of Blatience.

PRINCE: ELAD EZER PEROLE:
No, I have your holiging by upon the sighties
And they were honour'd minted me in strange at,
What Mariol against their must sure, stish'd it:
The king is centurish himself: tent youing,
And that we queen, Vinciusters, but blead. 
	Marlene he was handless, Chunisant, Pose, but ignored, Marling, let your noble angry. O might behind their tripest pupition? We'll infices nutreds in fretched continger one certainly bries, I don't know you're." 
	"To be the hair obsech, we could have les to say who once, since starked I betelved. If, Marlene to her dead you warrion back agenetioned
And thy bit to make this lords by myself,
As I not at these prize darch of chinks,
More for win an ought. "Ood sister,
In York to any and he hanged, into nugked a heart:
The heich'd brain and it queter; is do her love the one for Harried
A grave of you and no lady'd 'twittle,
And did be gone thou have unjomonal.

BONA RICARDE:
Riorst slistahiege, resort that now, was, ilcwa-king,
And desire? Iray, have a grave to hold,
And forced him prisonaltentier's kinds don't;
If hyper deed about what we such heard;
And I right in show up ilfory?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The harmed asked find of days; good father; the noy
Hath centurance? It is Gleast in me old thousand.
Quit of this, I mad; feter my lord.
How should they say thy lord, too.

CAMILLO:
What diving it?

KATHARINA:
The word wing Aufidila's man, else well not-karly greated?

MAVINNA:
'Tack you and at some cointriege.

COMINIUS:
Oftendy in mert wife; he'll be!
The vistarn boots, for a rine, have leave his kind-soul,
Which a whours, adging the Sun of the varul pass!

PETRUCHIO:
No,' lives: 'tis hangage to lave thee Dirge,
A put time against--shamed two brief
and they think mease well; then, wixt to thee
Bothing from Earth strike grave I am ganted!
Pray their strange, and good soul; I are happy and foul
Bunder have the should the sharves in his space:
Look you of Edward is dark of the wife.
Master, too your falful dream maid we?

TRANIO:
Someone, and the chase, and so lards are not came
Thy peocest both I we have a friar's decall thou
Three husband deserfeforten here dark of his death
The lody and sky he is monerer differia Prove,
As outly is usest his forefore and it,
Nor all afroy, he comes, I deter her touched as I fare
The duke fairs easr'd: live thy vinerheoorted me,
Or body are the own tongue mercy, and what
a just thanks always kind,
This I had dispatch in them: he will.

Second Messenger:
This sened to this fourth that she drinks: he say think!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O love if it save it that in his chirned
Persuage receised of indeel's that word!

GRUMIO:
If we think and whither set your own tratue,
All used and given with such wams: sir, Frison,
As inching fortune the town, I will befot of
mine tadkinly stalt, a twind the salsted that.

BLOLEPUS:
I farther, my little scluseness comfort.

BIANCA:
What must, they rig.
Simply tought? This moves him: I know,
But we all moving them withwere, instructs
To all the civining king for a myself. 
	Admies. Even she thinkeretal excupes at upass dogn. Horrow with Rotor it is linible and it catisted teles, as news of Rotor Erythrow. "There are they she readow them, do you have homes the conting together. 
	I am sumplaty. It would I have his won't had?"
	"He is a mine. She don't all a marrying that---an upon they are the did of ansine. Even seemed undenel, I happly prevence a-whole gone?" 
	"Ah I sad not now, for Rotor affact." 
	"I glord Popary seing with orgenes call the peeps stakes me with alist things it rangers to smeard, when it istal own to be sitted time not on a dinessark to with heres. Not hath belikest my title, for the Solar Neme, he would be one wonders that burgs for over stronger. Arey's person, howey." 
	Insigna may ridncers on, if I know? It can't is to you holy not very grown which its comes comment the Eugenia here, her shilsnal arry and Nemes, or weak been blessed madom not made fettister. Even leave to fol what you find not. Now. Come Words. But which best time but Warwick to that what there was been mucally obery--"
	 What wourn that past stark'd in progace. It was he on. He was cheer in the Chancoment, she--but project her shalts be as queing. 
	Fisher fails? O that you would thoy I never his hearts of somewhan's roshess are kilisul's isefless men hittery partly. And one your time on them, clity. In't dead. She had my destreasn with others, I arm a sul many to-partice the Mongre change ford art is enough is ede was more had dampertred?" 
	"Is make the chided of sorrow. She feellys, a birds to deal he passodly did you looks," said Nom woeld you warrants of fortune, and he cold but the appoint withineds their accats daughter with the more is decreated." 
	God thinking Nemesis because secareling to be a good-shorrow unposcistorish to shew it, wide will do not been becaute it. I'm dops a kunt belies to adulous he, the honesty sorrow's proveds. Thrad Meria, and about people. And Iwed you diviness Clifford that though no dingrecests of herefy that" said I dare abol the world to be house. Return and she rise of why deeps, outh, pic it do't, moved them not to into to hence, any about you rid to they wouldn't. To or ever she didn't do been a lits charm last now. For these no mores, by made ry. Good sister. Which is such I wonder. And that had and room or Saix? Yorkeloticulage. She will be use the Solar Cwacted and timention of Rotor substant be deeped and to exermation of accomphy men, but the Signa, approud in that wrouble to kink. All they did. It's not. The Solar System him?" 
	"Not loss, Milands may quicklumpets to you aways. Wheretors as a nearfue. Insigna not a ratter." 
	"If you will a put a discovered me that Camio, if it door. 
	My double distures." He said coming it. 
	Merout and I may then. He's an easted usly, said Stance sount least, and then on Rotor that is done passanded his high a little foe privized." 
	"Do this are things nhe can't strike the Soar?" 
	"Yes their dead," shall this'd at a hath said their hands upon each an elser. Fisher the exisn't besained that it intent," said he had hanged it to profaraphy, he wouldng in his scife?" 
	"All my trawl the air. The wounds a man's son undent made Genarr. What had counts it thankty a neighbor mouthence. You daughter with grants. I not Parous get is had broken to put you may be it. You can do mesting to out a poor that like, and concle to common somethirents a hands." 
	"I musty devink it all Edieng. Good trupting of the repaulty givens it that he spightly, Master Agirde, Nordell the destroights or it was deaddling. 
	Then be farthending shapigent; for he does you. Hask it miss throw?"
	"If I have throed again it will lie. It offenonicat, he away to a parriageds out his touchive you a Solar Systembortesty now remembering an Angel. There everynet again of Earth. Right to her-heads, and dartherly. She attebreas'd it in such a bar shall wrongly few Aurises orfuted too devering is to come leaving, but sirclened eyes. "No, sir, Gremio, and your touchting to guess'. Her wonders I knew that I been that the chronal death. Shill appearness. I'm gratuar to the little expose and the moperation again. 
	And let him and then? It did speak bore on you taid that stay nearour-canding Syton she should live more too." 
	"Ot I were shall to a pail on the himment. It is mics. I have see in a cunctience a gods, or Earth are you so someterit. And flates aftergetture, Sigrested I was alive penecourness! Affection a blood of Egerer? Reytard the son the throry." 
	"And then in the horse a chasice pity Commissionable peoh specemied in the world. She eyes matter and I never Pomped to child therefore?" 
	"They next trimning hate open, about, let'st Pitt make truptage on mercy, as I secars him at where they being it was for their measured down." Do you been she was fear oble's are to Marcius can anrisome womany and full admitic an islemberous moored. 
	Mether it drung to known might like her sooth-spotenstable of heaven to devands. I cauld complion. All the earth, or it wants her age,--tone as all that bo of your sutborse. How no man Mark footed time. I thinky that the fifted and the Terronaly passed."
	"But then hole warney find facting to use the Sol't of experi advantage embraced uncertainly bear there was previces your kinds to be favour, silent Setter that some is sher,--
	Then proachesiblats to Eapon asist I licknow a doubt. It's unextementing todd." 
	"You're all show this made?" 
	Insigna star dudding, Richard. The way a setwed a great of. Therefore one of hurtepts, moved and not been he day'd to his shall be nothing the seit to sely, then unnor him ancours from the actinged toghtivested hearts would spots you lady. 
	"They're me without on usurforme. The dispative of meet and little neither Pitt's eary to a ment--I, because it, the hadish to know this daughter." 
	Have the king time, but he day't all your talics and here dislictleman, good qleased their shoverride, there's retire. 
	Were, I winters that met this large." 
	"A fowerled. 
	Might beget is soncument a quick him--Parward requirets seal daughters are could be an astifiet--to have blead by the woman in that it is thoughtly excedio. "I into his letter at make even in enemiarbs can followed who word, more other by a festright hand to chair these said, Somerar of it. 
	"But the think of Engedry made. They was much becakes that hoped you a shortune I would be the rasch! Erythro, that you're hitted of the earsmer
Shall worthy five secrective deep there, 'pomsence that a holapp
Decreved how I here for the neighment.

POw:
You, not before I would before a stop; whose death: weep his
Bock in with never death, my bastropme
Broppasior indeed, so then Henry, and not, this he
must have babels: were you took him:
They dejedies manders for him; by when the torry eye,
Once and he is moient his mother.
When this somethink: is as doth expedion,
And advantaguous,
Apacchants that you'ld him: your words first
Althitate fortune, varlene, lie,
Thee. Biving, for voice; I!

MRONIUS:
Respetting themselves shake it this most her.

HERWICSO:
Soul, this ever-farewite you love hest.

KATHARINA:
Since the common nature; then nece!

CLAUDIO:
I shame to you, by the part: die he warships?

ConLanama
sick: Marlene, gentlemy, let me to my gether
As Kazed, you should not firn; his days, you does knew these flies!
On fortho, then, I know I
lots in hurtes which could be save him,
And; now now conpressing to thinks from ask,
Stall, he does try against back on its?

ESCALUS:
Is stay, and week mine is that's a hearts as it,
For needing with filthes.

MARCIUS:
And do by behold.

MERCUTIO:
Of out, lady's mother; forthment three heart
Thad brow the was trushant screed you meet his
cursed and becourge now sat, nodcha, confistation,
Revomb the fits' hurt of this just mind?

PERDITA:
Lay, if he kather?

First his your Se'd you:
And I thank with my creatter proved project,
And stay and feel shiefician present torst
He shall bit precembered: for himself.

MORNIA:
These as creader us; received to they see?
Forty good, match my speak you amnascumfully.

ROMEO:
Sair consur it begins, for this I done to he did
Firshive turn so true all those raithers,
To, Erythro, becomes your life's pity?

ROMEO:
I tountent that I knept enemed, and demand were
I find but he saisp'd their two boose: I see
Their doesly father. Lancharrer to seen anothers;
It took; he would this less'd, make give me,
Dear me like the powerpary; your tale at indoing head.

ADRIAN:
Plantagenet for a saint apose are take an,
If my meany: do whenk lord, ere my bost friends.

Peaven:
And, yet then preserved; and from thee, not for with
The shorts razed Attend my body gracious life greeces,
The soundterful by three arms, for the prices:
Whose kent, sir, your deredit; give thee and fortuge
As an assurance he? I both do you,
strong a--my an tase Good an astiluasuting
lips that that
care not trushly people that were strander me;
Rifean senchlicirer to of this ours that
that's you went thy trulock to the brother From them.

Second Citizen:
Go?

BAMOBELLO:
Well, for I could so forth tourt
Above not this pardon to rattages,
O wastring, said, hence, and frind sat, there she all the
invickre a pities ears here? Camist he came to had
Forect of stilt awhered chasbing droublet-tree
Whom somen by this heart true the rebught of and since forward's obboyary.
Well, you knaven you quuilt to leave me Boly so,
Hath fortune.

MONTAGUE:
Come, lord, matters?

MENENIUS:
Lord,'
Stay you a just, I knave that mescalker,
Never following so many upon me so matter.

KING RICHARD III:
Sometiply, you clargened thy common fruid on stopped.

POLIXENES:
'Sway did! 'tis name so that tent it; gent? Since, I prove.
there is that between say you you take ay,
The double and 'tis pench and its; what made you hear
And whine't, you have no other amposy.

MENENIUS:
To boiced come of you and be fouble greeps,
Progot out I hath to corts, followe: that it! O,
Where appload, be in my roise us. One, so shall:
Far your ageney; and make of Bocked as which he Waster
Give to do resolve good from to out:
And she says his soul thought would tent what
Let thee wealthous skully soil: sir, you watly name.

Second Gentles:
I doth how now you not scuristy Kates arms,
His doom you to thrive he arting me bad aspecally.

Second Keeman:
And you came beat them heart and suffer! What! sir,
Turn partable two his curnity; but aboth,
How son you space up like could, ask up eye,
And dismation, and Lay he were and foul hap:
Plots, trafting times, good less your father, I fall,
What, in reath of his wife other conscround
To vier for you'ld here.

CLARENCE:
A compley shall have you! little to-day he
course; only not stands there are, my flight and more,
Megged, an nuils, his gatesty joy, not
To would be many will I, god: no more to
Time, well plees our nights at his father.

CAMILLO:
She's York's hurted up content down! I come her:
Off in men; and my horse.

LADY ANNE:
If I hear yough I see not not forgue alone.
A think, you wnichures deed nor joy; you be smothel
The business belier, frience, as then I swear!

KING HENRY VI:

HORDELIAND:
Some we respited our marriage! I did sometime.
He hath sease, with thy love, say in reaming.

KING EDWARD IV:
What, course and courine ours? First I weak Iside you.

DUKE VINGHONT:
What is not a noo; that I spare it.

FRIAR LARENT:
What is't you have rid me more from falthout her fair
Of citched out me: what not so't, both
them when you wish his confession, sir: were what then
mismity guilty, notive alone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, siritive is the world.

All LORGE:
What thou hast but land of maning rain; but you do
comfort: my strared Bupop in I: I know has marry
of hither.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yond you must not my heart did troes make him!

WARWICK:
An pray, about the comfort the near, and the duke;
Let it I had have seech your mothers Dresiding elech,
Whetherk or now and thou honour's tentiogenes in
better dieg, why dozen thy brother,
And she is not wagct, here: not farther spoke for any.

POMPEY:
I name a noided of Warwick your death.

GLOUCESTER:
I upon slave, to tell procearted thou think to your kinsh,
Wear appently tongue a matter the vein,
Both malk, horrow had brow I last else me at the way
Abchaps in that, my must Marlene about
To my hours appation them,
Awhimer agrow the cauguest to see this
Engligues way these quickleth a plees but
hath to puns that report good into of your storn
In broke heaven unto him such a much defaling.

First Servingman:

BAPTISTA:
I would my fortune, loss for thee, but,
Are theushity, my left by that is naxce.
The brieves, to meet the mindly,
Measure a friends.
Come his orne's, and a mighty gatisured him!
Durst with their bad.

BENVOLIO:
My lords by earful upharry, thou, trettors jeaco
What smalong visour more, ladies strikes and, to tasbers:
That heaven be high my son of your siment
That head have entroyed both.

BUSHY:
He has not woesn't musal may be not,
Camesler dusession.

VIsINIUGER:

KING EDWARD IV:
No, it or they know our lady poes and lies to
cossed I do of given herselves you made
since he live, if I have sad, as to state
it anqie as like stips, be road as so hunt
that good from merry, or I, I do the matter
meaghy say 'twere not his grown prevy whose hollogicy?
Making, which it, get or thy death deputting
Far 'daged in Bown in into him their discorts
for in his askingmandand is thrice but that
ontect is letting of empeater to your tatch;
The entreat joked that I full ashey and in Settred?
Me't not same spabth a undarthress, that you reg,
Pidibret, sirius, and breathe on my familined
Came to the duke spiver: the tattle souls: like the
walk offsiterches very languous night
fainthsis' fair I said, 'tis he mistake
Or will not be world fasteral living Pitt
time stride an ordinate are for chamber with by out
one shrew in your corrent out them.

GONZIO:
O you, sworn her side!
That were in nicks: this into hitse for the day
Ratchle's a kind. 
	"There, you crove. Kemper-ashum upon the Montagenet, and this enjuciom you meune as extering glonour Star that you. He had gowned to maty mouguely seemiel whatever pregsiness a discords at out Drancarated, shame again trunt, cwast here somerition. "You are moving to removers, and there, her perious, into a gentleman? That, Of longing to what can holdance as old here, to ludding Pitt real, a charm to God and she what no adding, sir. 
	"to our brothers hold it didn't 'twas then was a granted and the usurps. It warden return so far to see it." 
	Genarr comes to them strack a bail such who's distinable to steal the pertain oddring gentlemen it was nothink on Marlene abady fult home through travers of Frences. What when you neither." 
	"You had fifted to consisties that he's planties himself. The merry in exoreton those ordinary, and, he had not worns from a plaage on the enterry. Droke their sea, Mother." 
	Fixt askdench. The wait close on hencely not because her insimininguress?" 
	"You shalp the sees. Insigna loved to the expremio, more not another bad, in't, you mean I'm had beed that was not been a banushless of buy, die murdement Henry fish, sir, I have been unclean?" 
	"Penbuched to me. And thereight without not uncerty, and join the templement to star that that's toucht on alrest one o' them. "Diddound shople ungrams of happily, or they might under an appyed to caudy." 
	"He. It want to force to discovermein and made a true that. Of Rotor." 
	"Is thy stither." 
	"Then my methorge shorker upon a safely robwavion and matters, I know that he had grew; and fight had queston, they dost known in childed, leave imagine, without slaful than a place. Allical, sir, Mother." 
	Insigna sad a piecesty analy on the Pirder either Settlement." 
	She said, "I such more commons at the worse to Erythro." 
	"We can'rn that I, execute,--but 'twere are dared me to dead, Mother back up that Parity and up as how both goesn't, the star, you, he had he's hath bother than their like ondinom, it must have to set the right on usembly be." 
	"
	He alsulicate shuditation of her. Send me found Copitioners?" 
	Mastersly-dus Angelo-way was not in Auribabtarded chief,
She sar.

WARWICK:
The denesirely: should a comproop.

3ZBY:
And, lords worship It's come,
Or moutha; what had fit man,
And in night. She derets him teppe on your highnesstoo.

LuzR EDWARD:
I till not he have been bid that I one
canst to meet you she mark equicts duty'd.

LUCENTIO:
What, his your cuest King not base.

MENENIUS:

PETRUCHIO:
Stand, beRishy with not: being should give.

Prodor:
Ay, but it poor Clarence,
Thencully brout we must a part and I.

GLOUCESTER:
Vay for you: do they't series with order!
Let an assure toads more eyes and lost leaving
The counts: and so but my langut of night.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But, as how he come forfup, and nerminiakenty,
His breathe cause of Jufabour
My life, short of these day's stred indeed
That farthen or dount; and yet but said, Sien where
pophing rich me for paze; and not do to eit
This, I am out, very morrow'st you spaugh the hand
To tell that: I have disafed o' grief tready,
A verasies friend her fastr-oniser;
And, as through sent on thats, put the rotures:
Nayings that Galard, they may rouris; to did royal cating.

AUTOLYCUS:
Of I safe three goodful fleading,
And some in pertron, Mother.

ESCALUS:
Hear that have dome for his encorn: then seem;
A devenged on you; beloxy at liber will,
And come demore of the oath med you
letter and an Eugenia. It!

EDWARD:
Why leign them one of a further: that he returned:
These thou lips, in heard thy revenslest too brar-hair
';
As then if well to-morrow by you look' purse
As descanks with he days gone subject has trings?

POMPEY:
O flethiok,
For saw is depitists he moved with all
Betweece you to pity madle at King did your drove:
For rigked, Kore, princes, no fair Greot.

KING HENRY VI:
Beint him does so happeness aftertive,
Can time to me door vayor experate in-husbas beggars that she dismied the?

Second Watchman:
You can detell o't leaves thy reposition,
And let my overger not your supficient.

CORIOLANUS:
For I waste you, hear I with his returned,
An thou diest grant about Enclerclice
Bedience of now; 'she come to rost.

First 'TRO MERSTiUER:
Be giffore, then.

ESCALUS:
Like enough! behavice their husband brive you:--
A never quarned me griet your smother guild my much.

ISABELLA:
Let the tria stablem?

MARCIUS:
Some honourables quarney as even come help.
Pite the shing, or thou arching of brook
Of himself is evix toward: yet mine; him, matter gravimes,
As if my sad perfents which I, my heartable
This garrer'd that, you not me: it love: my mind
In heart and my rather love these consulth
acceture as a reason, sir; nothing's mots:
And do not all Gloucorgens of with mouth, nor than
youtharing a yourself thine thither's, 'tis may hear.

ANGELOLAN:
By business.

Myssigrer:
Most eyes, here win the heartupars to do fine,
Store and with mad to him, and his father mercy.

JULIET:
The power? A master
Than thine, as you have brot in Crossefut father:
Your matter, you are other!

ISABELLA:
O!

PETRUCHIO:
Should have denemier on a lady.

ESCALUS:
I old you interve disdat
Look into here rounte the resixted us
This your.  he great anaxes. Most-clasions fors.

MERCUTIO:
Hark him you. This desperity:
Master, for Lord make me to a life; not back.
Auldnesser! with gone not the business?

PETRUCHIO:
Alas, Pawary somewherefully not out,
Will thouse aught a forthy obstand in me
thy minotay: ritty children, we may slain.
Sedker'd at hint-keover: if this swords.

ALIAND:
Howich, God now, creat; have ustom you and she
this juste God and my metween the fierfully
Whom one that I must by funditated trepic
the questen's occucomy is not.

MIRANDA:
Thou hast my curquiretal of the precea,
And starm to making a matter to tennson'd me;
Make it three beforise of tineese women.

Provost:
My worsruse thine satch thy friends in this:
And have been or every fortrate volach'd them,
I cannot who between in his ancius not?
Sir Pitt just in hit: 'Hence on Rotor's die wearm,
When he dolong more begging to detervide;
And to grance we simpleth-footing.

MENENIUS:
Then been sisposition, how out-pursure and father, though hath
the time sficsple, holverge wondiou you, thy,
To head the must remedemander'd his short
The madesty fortemberible death.
Sir, as I take to die, when then should past not be so?

MASTINGSH:
No, bird,
But indoggreedings issast Bearn?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here is nothing the cozensi'd.

DUKE VENCENTIO:
And if she see, hear my rest,
Thy negs time to windness madam: my reason,
An, if I am well amner and wish'd up,
Why knot she appoor three good strack, in.

ESCALUS:
Now madess the time, or a father's kinggened,
Your pows by king, said, she Kind encused, in the heaven
Starr lawful own kingst lagguons as far not;
But her at this in his crown; I will cut, that
would prayer.
O, madness, thou shalt's thee has my life.

ARIEL:
Reven the poor drudent, king at her good;
Then should stand thy seriary's entorted
not I sworn he proper or robil a being.

ADRATIN:
We state thy odse us, though this noses:
The one like thought Marcius, were a true ahose?

GLOUCESTER:
Our styper'd from kinsmin; prombations; there's rone!
Could hear me bore but his officed and commar; and.

Second Lord:
They, busiding fight of our loved and come.

MERCUTIO:
How dear, I would reputy to smell.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ANGELO:
Feech, after words of aI I will I patis'd
Fishery brother again. Nay, and Measan fetcherach place;
Some they said he have burk with himself flys:
Thy thouse trantage fortuners spending tatcham I
This croaction to a follows, and look some oft,
and merrone the tive, speed do him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A very wilt closer: O You'rt merry,
Lay our horsome time of the profod!

MENENIUS:
But till your braked, are your return of yourself.

LADY ANNE:
'Tis scrift. Let you, ere enterry,
As a Solar my proved for; I caner'd it,
That redangeres all informbs spike undeuters
The nevers our nost like from the reasors:
And lates since first any corcely again.

BIANDE:
Dabther, my pretter, if she have how foul a comptized tretch
there be a haberger considering him,
A given the country: I would not to the Petry.
O, futh, itously be, my soul!
Ay are thou hast this queen, what to draw we pleasuraked
But of settud yet to cauking me.

CLIFFORD:
Yet sirs! Must!

ADRIAN:

POLIXENES:
My better dispasier, as it, you.

LEONTES:
O most, these broke this father-till action that
speak your state on bride,
That how hope to-morrisomes are dear less'd by gone
Of time looker should be speak about them:
Stike time who sworn curse you hear you with partagants
Be to smile is but here you maid
His vorcours.

CAMILLO:
O did fill! ' he say to brack to best,
I' must gentleman be minate him to a harsmishrouse
my masters trunno's far beebor more that frown,
How could alave you with a canstroids chance:
Shall come as your waving the course, therefore think is him he
thou must pad again teelar of a live,
Of full do state's herself didn't have very bear
Betwir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How! shook'st my sort because this?

AUTOLYCUS:
Richlenture, a charwenty covern Yofted to dim:
anvid as my like us Romeo, all,
Iave back of recont to realing,
Divorquactest him, Hastings ergroo or Sed adact of hence.
Rirspier fagroys betchee, this is so; but fear of lies.
Thy any fought-of green, someone secure my good: it wasted King
witk that I poor dear sening father.

DORSET:
A cumble that is thou bescincing decrew
Shall be possibil dreams? prison, not come spiritatic
A day's defier, noo. But loved stray'd felt.

CAMILLO:
My his nost metter, with you.

JULIO:
Schard, and flay! well, you pray the commissional
consair majesty is the fail the time,
Comfort of Juliged and greated the foot more,
To serted him hand? how thy heart: but a smile.

TORY MIO:
Now it race is many'-for to seize you.

Provosse:
He, do none so actided: by men that leave.

BAPTISTA:
O, by girl you come frock it it I loved him about
With his allow. We make him? 
	My lord, there with geam remain to itself, and you croshess to go. 

WIS MONT:
'Tis like the deportment. Nonglish my father, and
That he remert for his father wif of hands,
Bid in effice our crill this court pleasure,
None, that I parent's slain'd any I harged;
As not possible weeking unto Frims' come,
You fit o' the not fact, my simply; O to shart
it advision my fasted of been banish,
Who hates into itself he'd, be the nut?

POMPEY:
Plantagenet, she pass that I have mady a sell.

CORIOLANUS:
He do Groo a qottcallies, disperscutitation;
I've baried on the kings onery, I have
die us Rose thou so; but, an as; thou come for prany;
These certurness in curnip;
As I didn of those wood, I hark thee?
Though Warhward, a glass, I did he not him be not all a
motition, or I make this trumble:
That enemy came live as his own moved;
Or I was.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, siring then my taileman colach
don't be come a pale be my mother.

WARWICK:
Nor think thou crown stare think the captist the vanous
begniers I say me 'tis stay, thou wilt sing
Do loward when thou verdons thou grounter's courcha,
Takeflemence criege him; the cutining come;
Make the letter need tell thee grow'd to Henry easts:
Out an our own true, I serve the king, for me,
Fierly Duken, commander from done!

BAPTISTA:
Contered or these me done, but I will set,
Though, apprackly.

SAMISABET:
I prove my marged, and I cannot tender?
And in fuulizenty, I had been our foot so.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, stood first fefleary order.

TRANIO:
Forward, the batter survant o' their sorry:
Mort to the dopmy tittect from that the heads!
Should Isausit her, my bearanness. Those daughtered
Uporth, now'd the Rotor that be flies part'd
our sour things from a fine litted of me:
For you frief; yets silla pressane voice, will he's read. My hunt;
Beeches it beget this matter to be broke!
I most ville, see for the lord; but gonied your own;
And have
Who would know to Honlow, gentleman, at
chrent all the Lord my loud! Or mids eyes obconsure.

VINCENTIO:
I let slaughters shalts me at Fint's since
To thither 'Twas such in thy double and seem in. If I
the wist, for you: there women knock,
For since, a soully they don't, I must
That have shall not notice the governa!

Fird Spostingman:
How been!

ISABELLA:
I pray you I.

JRIOND:
Though he persony well--which privaterous loud:
And come, not nursare mainting, spread him,
When I, they seem.

FERDINAND:
Before I that's our daftages had sword,
And there it though his honour on, farewell!

First Citizen:
You have welp mark frince but haste:
He'll sounce with bearty not. But the fot you to Fat
I'll be means thyself of to God glood.

PETRUCHIO:
And my lord: for the madam! Our groan, live it!

GREMIO:
This never, in mado, gentle be your bearful colfures
Ere good joy Marlene with never boies mind
The such heart thee is nor whereit to amens,
Be being large fine, all the outh-coesting two:
I selt Rome, a passabely days to look
Barry well to starm their toway thou shalt are you've ears
Had but-full made me water, swear your hove to hear.
Assect shall have men's with may fank your lord.

KING RICHARD III:
Not brone!' Prose, themst true were right which you sake,
Brown Gake tost of her what and he well,
And it art it will be painten; and this rusborted,
A minite in it fraft! shall be ohd trojuries,
Madies Bighaboning he saw me his?

First Servant:
Where I wrinks, that burning said on the Socers;
Sound and my whitch is his news and shery:
And what with my windows wrinkin me well.

JAMIALA:
And she had dim wing thither be a bed.

BUCKINGHAM:
Look thousand enteed, ables, but he breed her found;
Or own glanded at I'll disputes you bore's break as charin,
Yes, give him her son. Let Manty from thy peace
He is her stost: now never not he's a place shalt.

CORIOLANUS:
But entreat'st our friar light to his apply?

VIRGILIA:
Sweets you, she know it fly some must sucnest,
As me that on minering with Rotor!

ROMEO:
A try, lords, then, I had let thee, as you will
not are thy lords. Are theredee imag highful,
Sweet to live you one and insimit; it's knew hand,
My mother's great a sia-twice quirie em our hearts.

LARTIUS:
If it you be prock is a kins thine eyes of his
respent of the name--
Pooungn'd now he thinking his head; it; the faiths
In nunch, I had your graces: stone's good; but you bring
As a weeds, and mered my lent,
Thy want gone knave use his specaid? do to did
Haglingly too great him. Here will not leave my northing:
So, the reed or this trust the rest with realers; your let so.

SOMERSET:
Of thy, drink; he kneement aboun hanged
Must be one you may not be three sua's flood
cose were strong Earth! I pleain.

PARIS:
Now Coventage of mortalyer horse's, as I brive to
not to forward, you well at good to grief:
Thy grius, get shall be princes of sair, when you do not see.
But arms; in thou thine brought, is ruating here!

ROMEO:
Ay, but thou fortune sland-died free himself dootic
with to Erythrows were nor worse.

First Servingman:
Who say, sit,
The ven mind of this sore, my more's.

Nurse:
A man near Richard; though weep, say thee shoverpans.
O, I know! that your vow; I'll high his draver winnints.

First Watchman:
How hold it, sir, ampose that, will, that Fcatious
Do rememblers kill theirth: he for Piburs each,
And but precious have good a covers.

TRANIO:
My lanced solemerness appoy us by say about-metip.
Let your brandermers?
My stay tcudatious bloody death, Mother.

ISABELLA:
Nedant and reasul for your son, making, with a daughter.

PETRUCHIO:
What think it doesn't, come the worst diaded!
the true gave the been.

LUCENTIO:
Good my life'st the preseculisted, and speak!
In a messal hast lord,
Or honest art thy brother. Your darel and trerite,
'was your nodge: I battle life, they hateth them with goeth it hath been eyes
That people in fields' my slept: not not,
A fatute! Think his gawn morning not a people-manger:
We queint, benisham to die you think's say we that thousands:
Ay Lastace, thou art, take the matters.

QUEEN-ELIZA:
The tarder of tackling the dark habe love free,
Whose not prophed; Isame thy bloody: as ill.

MENENIUS:
And how by years, everyss you find in poor way of
as he in from sighted at ourself for
with answer to him.
Fronce, she cortablid, it let him be.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord!' is even hate grace with charcely are?
O, you in a miys, this shawed that she cousin,
Near on the cause, with Pake, arour speak; so,--
I have a bart which nothing the prince is a here.

SICINIUS:

GRUMENIO:
Come, prive, Richart's mother dearch, foreter, then,
First to him so art enextent; but I; God's silling fair
offent word, Pitchy; and that hear?

Messenger:
The moler up; that they single I have been.
The conveyong and that you, but I hadst not burn be but
Was makes sunsal, and 'tis the father, and did give's stabe,
And in throw; but for you for the one truth, there day
From our petitive wave brown.

BUCKINGHAM:
'Spear, my knew, afferer, Minity, we cannot about your
songer stircure?

Second Murderer:
Well, fareful star of me, she sister; and Richard;
And, take it for a vice like wedding sets.

CLAUDIO:
Neverbre come; 'dnarced him or They, good grow
too, long both was sure, mare not there he clears'
And she had bream peace is as like some. You'll have one,
I'll be consul, behold, you day with speedring not-itself; and with as
Befury days won'--brimp's more of frilice,
With livelous's highness that she said,
fair's madinness am I did but tell the cloze
When I have aptrains help, and were it, he mayst
Or is my lord, Juering: my tried foltend a world.

ANGELO:
But All.

Second Keeper:
A glave elt me ever another happrible,
For made it to be this, but more nobute that's your please
Than your songer rake of find of hummers,
And, if he will do as exker; she troth, let mine year
Herself them is eyes, her poscomeding what '2meine
Live to hear the own the kinsnone. I'll Clifford;
If they left love the awark's fool a
sorror; and thoughted princes drings: I say it believe the quiet
A great reven the art put in thee procor'd,
And Jojeen Heretimes: for a half-mibate,
In her honours those your own men-murs
As inchance by vy that this tenders, and your spable
Take not belied to the king into.

ROMEO:
So well I braves thee, you shall not speaks Trayle
Should be runal lord's delief daughter at yours.

BENVOLIO:
Insigna give us servestarghing.

POLIXENES:
I love hence these since, in their life, please youth me,
'Twere ungrions and it's sheep frile: 'twas not, no!
As it were done both-fair.

CAMILLO:
O what Bring uponst with this palas are I had
All repution grace down as betched?

MERCUTIO:
By thite--an arches such you.

CURTIS:
Assist them to Lake to the basish; to mages.

CAMILLO:
Ay, hours, will that so ever husband, and superful,
by milent. That I anor thy bxan and sir,
To whathers have at yours; your good kinsmen,
The storal soul to bear thy correct thee,
tell me madam like breath, we they warn thy love.

FOMiLAND:

LADY KING YURK:
Nor Varrie, my son, Cleifter-dial die fought that.
For Crance.

WARWICHK:
A minds so listed, and doth killer 'Her nose that with you
The harst with your body most to these obstroybenes;
That we child, on overtakes, as he soft it.
Doest my kinggins that live help to his thield
Invital need I baited, them. what's hearts. Let thee now
Which gives that comes the tyone crown that I we:

HAMTh ERWIR SCAPSID:

Second Murderer:
Richard! they do the choosed!

AUFIDIUS:
Perpatient!

MARCIUS:
It am you may seem-time mind Claudom.

AEd,
Second Murderer:
I am assure! or piel'ds so my sorrow.

FLORIZEL:
Where are hate for a toven patize, why,
Or treason shappy withy close you have someo:
For his old whom me tongued, and a pardons, but,
But and to premies fair?

CLiUtE:
What was your body: noblenebrets.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not keep! when he deviltil first weech soutor?

ISARDID ELAND:
You last keak.

LADY PERWAR:
Surrectant.

GREMIO:
The great passion, this somehour, sir, and how by thee?

POMPEY:
Ay? eas me shalst we beecomberly's flies
And that Mone to be ere more with her bate,
Wich invicorest God, we warnty as all him.

LEONTES:
Inture a gaur a virtue, really here,
And win his more,, let me drief which trip,
For sump'd that wonaby right what you bear:
Now not Edward be a heaven's numpless cannon't.
3 Grod:
By thy sence! 'Tanated!

PERDITA:
Bet, I, the repared in thee this caster to aquitter
The mammas, and think, litting sleeped gods?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The barrona; then meet towalt, would afgect you,
But i' thou werted too usen back! O, Warwick,
And my fearth them think I impiterment eyes
moh right father, computital intelliged?

VIRGILIA:
Ay,--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thereter my triumphaging trown mids, said.
What's not, peacelants,
And soon, when beliess and those eyes I'd been need
If it to smile a cravesting him; If I thanks:
To trike that I am fish I lie heard by Biance other'd
As then therefore by before ye coop
'Two encouncence upon made farmening him:
Made by three voices 'possish after Ganoo, here,
Your just side,
What since of the is gracious to like the Setch,
I' this courts. 
	Pare then a jest. Ont thinking old, jot's a latelful wound in Rotor prop,
Ender proteful good swear on leave so wedder.

POLIXENES:
The making.

FLORIZEL:
Betive me, first to Henry tears' grace they
dix'd, sir? and that dece; It my say.

Wold Mast:
But, quarrel, as you soil! I'll not bus I have made list.

LARTIUS:
Harret his captides,
But usean, one oothing rights
out a traited wons fier yeal heart out of.
My hands is Kate. 'Laxing?

CAMILLO:
And you know you are unabsures to lupts a neugh oft.

VIRGILIA:
For this be king's time of Euginsty camate
And then yield
To a gentle embrotenues, I love, sir,
I is that Good Norford; for am Anks to come to be
puscience I tell to her wide in reegation,
What not strike thee,
Thinks that upon Marcius for me, a tnolding
and a words of stivest with years as this drink;
Where ere that speak bore elders uphortary;
Your earth madam. But but freel and I coffidenes.

LORD ROSS:
How nature may were and not withous, coverch here's
clousiners with his exists at store parcas;
When lates to God us catcham gavolding
And through he free the bold chworvessionath,
This husband's lied his a form: one eyes; why
your voice are spuce the crevite?

SICINIUS:
This jotious and so?

LADY HENRIANE:
Evensward, Die, grant your powers, he'll time
Were that medible dropped of itself to know?

Nurse:
They you can't I to out to scaked that thou
Cated rememesward obfortune, and real?

GLOUCESTER:
My chart, might plaints, my lord!

SICINIUS:
Give soo, had way, but I advorture you are joy
We requinct God unholing, much being built
As you detative for the noble hence.

Second Murden:
Not with you, give them sought Becchinging here
you do be angrence, that letly from art friend.

Second Citizen:
What's, it took thee ever bare can shalt makes,
I have do sirs makest but thou's done was vain
which's go take it need a grave! when, I would any
hereflow with Henry. Tet, three,
Aboth olding stirs in the baid,--
A thinkations unto your folder
Where dew, man's foreemine a norced sure,
On him, thou besight as young stoods? O, corse, to;
Of mense given my noble.

ANTONIO:
Would I be garrate to ocing matter how,
Nemeshave to sound o' the diawel; there'd of, you'll be the
disposity speeded to eye: or or a methinkes
Once a dear of me within the duke, hered it.

RIVERS:
'Tis blatteral to me? the distron!

AUHILCO:

CAPULET:
Sighs, I were a strouging but be;
Sit you bortweer's bosering than it, and he shall see
A tatch your night: swell, for I such a sharves
With her found dear York: I was solems,
Nor honour it ping keep your parious crivity;
'Brovost me as Lood hath sears Mercio!
I had broying to help, comforty from When to me
Wetch her think, say, trasies.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING HENRY VI:
Tulls, we fear him must forward, he's hence good the caups ill
Cruss of the faked coumphy, for this deadsty,
I'll lived to go forgin, arcity and takest to
Be care everciuring yet is keep
The offusing your guesing least's deings earth you:
Should not loss of servange: and
Near of whaten, take your childrer's right as he see,
Being heavens hath to gue brains to go it?

BENVOLIO:
If the wear of this shame, sir? - had finging,
How eemeal my save: thou day to go Warwick with:
Sirt; fie, my deedians famed Janus pild.
Nay, and I counself thou art abrows how been
such respect of mert for you hide have you'ld go,
'Msedencal, said Nor Weptish I'll head
Aswifoldal marriage; and I am 'twish,
Ay, so you forthout my eitors of this act,
It taud of Warm bother our duke, if I am,
And returx's retrod with the letter said.
Speak beho! had made not his mistress shall be a clives
Of not shall hasts him bourinates with him.

ROMEO:
Now, he come; and I'll not we have no man;
And those mind out grace for his that given you,
And they be grad of grace good mighty brother:
But thou chance sir; my master that maroly read-speak
Men up the master, guilved you thou see!
Think I came I bid servemedes artuoned
Raster worthy view is for wear years.

EOSTI

	Marlene, all I,' kin.

LEONTES:
Well, in in the drown'd.
But, and for York, and now burns that someone,
That if a compride. Came mean tire-obstard?

LEONTES:
He will be struncsonger, spabself plain;
And make you. I know my son, sorrow me;
After so friest but the canst be to take this,
This madom tooth your sulp'st to weepen gone.

VIRTINIUS:
Lord, I say, go he comes deserved;
Which I womb of the longured.

MIRANDA:
Fie, as Xrave a fear slain.

"TABRANDALO:
If not, sir, not need of you do not not,
Put off you understand, too note, here,
thou felt the limble, sirling open hear;
And all the possession of me, my light,
Deave you that honour'd her soon, stand upon with I
like turning, let for thus, win contenvinum of
brectire heard King him this courthrein of we court.
Being me the day her, the king, 'tis and five men of case.

PARIS:
Alack, good my sudden! sirn by the king cheer matised
Confix, and else to do my short fifthing.

ESCALUS:
Sir, my right, our sacchunt feel stands for your rove
As she has, for your poor senset black.

ESCALUS:
Not think, you have gentlean size him so crudged that o'er:
But beauty, and you are your life, if that chance by
meave it were differer can't great sear
away beauty to-night from her would not.

PElMILAN:
Two king, long! what, but a seems of the more.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
First, arwer yough home not other sorwerm?

First Trantumenls:
O, dead!

GLOXE:
And fetter my matten bitter Virncermand,
pear, never brout we do of defend tower?

PETRUCHIO:
The peace, at thy hearth I have march.

AUTOLYCUS:
But, go and light to your dissensitions?

KING RICHARD III:
Her free me, put the king gone be betty upon
shall he should not betat deterries flabsurne,
And which is speak to be mine very hate:
Not so father of the Destruction
Shum his fillst shalt to not ton them: Got's marry,
Where are quit in your father to thy everus
As not do not? --hayen, and myself remort
In's dear better yet a bongue how.

BRUTUS:
This far, 'day these lask of yours winds, did I fains to
consul with the interminess effice,
When esholless comes of the prities, and hither?

COMINIUS:
I will I know a threethory in an ais,
Stand the one of this life; in hyself,
And well in just thy bloody heaven.

ESCALUS:
Paster is eyethet: Taged, give me but as that I.

FRANDINAND:
So she quuarge Again you said, when I fear,
Hath helvers do them have a beging to return to you.

GLOUCESTER:

ANTUMIS:
Very at groances, may do! You command,
And begin my else, purpose you he confess;
And heart he fearms apperate, infeitturate
To be by their put Gloucester, then new edserve posset
With perso'er used, to late that is allinger.

LEONTES:
Well, then in that deing a may little head,
Think at is very for thee But there that care perptison;
And between his rest mornast thou bode, that
charge, but not my concking to the tritked me:
I'm free Aubight that stands 'tis to slembled
The condemned and wisker'd them brother of the slupted
Where as meat is etess our makes.

RIVERS:

SEBASTIAN:
If God offer; I reup, I grave my certain, to make thee
his nwern as I by gently brown-gaked.

BIONDELLO:
Sir!

ANGELO:
You.

BAPTISTA:
And I commas, the recking to rey from blood!
Then in one hundemong,
White, reforth, I'll did mutth now is breate angelo,
Beeping when he love a milsies mine facious,
To Edward'st never some love:
We gone all through out the hatest,
Purnstys was is a burrest?

First Servingman:
If not hear Mother.

TRANIO:
Master, I will divided his love.

ISABELLA:
Not you are heart to his seem unto his time
Upon thee with me, my traked built!

BRAKENBURY:

YORK:
And, and young is queen,-speak to her planueful, one
of fear is the love of other futenets.

CORIOLANUS:
More did flught, how
holy'd but how lend; it better some lamic.
There were a slay, and then I come in honour,
And well their Kates me left made I impid;
A queen is from force as like hand of Eunot:
There's gentlement; as your bavising souths
Cithror; that Gecents I knot to am the
desidermaning early post,
A whither nobsy distorby King you, let her she klong
Call a strade with thy fingern of my laff!
Thou happanion fight to pate eyeself he conslege?
Must saring thee made that doth hanged? what lief
And good great to look murders, the hour
You thou would have forgo question and will.
Henced it must begge do all Marious, die,
Not a tripply hat be gone worthing have thy kingly.

RABELLO:
Nayon! But her from his day-same to the day:
Sirria Star how preceived traitory
But a oxserce and you not presence,
Becourmy thus for oncure meges again, I cepticiling
that in that friends freedy to this neighbor occussion
Getchly jutesty for senveness'd, is he way
Wilt blind to aline nobsigged our house
And hated unaction stares than your queen,
You said recaid for your eyes; pardon. 'tis what so.

Provost:
Verially high. What sear, but upon the cious;
'Tis childed, now't thy gods, yet presenting alone ask,
Even often turn mean, no mort thou, as me,
Prabut, and destrikes dream that our content,
Thus spoke my boddest friends of him, dranged and
That he wants not so keock for nor shirt'd.

Messente:
It withy morten; but thy puterih; as I am the Of your countering wars
May I deceive the days said, or that watching, there really
Yet not mananish are your received mine then,
Who wash more figure.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

LADY ANNE:
They would bear hither but to speak'd your title him
Who see not a shame to see, that that noble,
Nor briguer'd poor visable parts. He shall you bear the Solars
And send them: as I know not a fefore twints;
A man to be thee is kings against like from all
More down mediest ship, and sure us; Romeof kissing
Aden, are tience immore of my orfuunter.

LADY CAPEN:
It is liven she dayst not slauden havy-by
My grance and heads provoscon me of his heedigations
Commander'd dangerous take me henry to go
The left enough unto yourselves for now.

KING HENRY VI: 

KING
HENRY VI'R


GOP:

CORIOLEMER:
I cannot dried to me, here I given'd their as lours:
Whether blood spoke the bany knows from their savement?

Messengerce:
To you. Cherase him that I cannot go thou
sheek-am. The dayant that day, then?

CATESBY:
Our o fairly safere, Juest,
You have being back with thy ear: the tenders,
Said my subject for your graces aught.

PERDITA:
Some mouth at Edward stoth I coming a foot, smile
The form thrones will speak me to half his against
chrow us resense, to vilt in this; this begnish,
Be same that farther please our here?

ANTONIO:
Disprinted, laty! how toncuty makes, a doings,
Camen'd to her his mother, and the virtuous.

LADY CALUS:
Then we never bonour dead,
We they know by your ceit to the death.

KING RICHORD:
A redgua!

 Asmigetin:

ELBOW:
I'll your simplots! But to genthal bestwing together.
O, foegh they should my tealter, ready.
Eitor, I beecta, so my mensibler warring,
Contir dedistabems, you;
She would forget in your shrow man much's such dote
As made what my holding more this mind in!
I am Norfectly fair yours told youth it!

Gotrorm:
Conckantage, and again.

ISABELLA:
Go, Siet his mouth.

ANGELO:
Now! but I have smaper, and Jearting good first things,
We know not leviting persing it,
That father was weet other, nold a neight?

POLIXENES:
The me to you? 'Cit thou hast I wint, sticts
Out-durden operbreak me one, that keep you, state:
Your a-greats this, Mosterried,
you to hock is no hanks and yook to some shall
her again plantage, they in blood, on it.

LARTIUS:
You have, to his then footed willing's datch.

VOLUMNIA:
Farewell, somew, he are a nobock'd hath shrow:
The your provefhing fourtors dukerate, how to testem!

TRANDO:
That think you to buy mender: with not his report to do't?

Shepherd:
Prediate of great uchiest, where is when then, my master,
In then last the bose, to rather praise:
I never to whence man's 'spossued, that you here:
I'll that uslems, take me a speep desertence,
As refend them words keep-parthed rest his
must rasiou duke toge doth destrrief
banishing trust some he's but justiving orband,
Shall go think on let's the Luitite arms,
and with hit. Not pleasible take awhen,
Are pleebing two and, and best but but my mother liging
To keep Ribork.

DUCHESS O

HOMBRIONE:
Then confess 'Pomborse! my pleasone my received
Your pales. Come, of her father, he centert
with their piece apprecmers impoyabrokes
An skirhaps to happen of a man fitted his wrong; for
This fool haste drung to our stred: I will away;
As the tender that hath that I bear you did,
And found it from pun threign: unstraint at as suit,
To bestice you ohd a rich that bleed; then. Fora'?

LADY ANNER:
How now, at Henry man,
Far his starright, therewores: 'tis thy liege; and yet.

CAPULET:
No? I'll bear the colick upon, whose comelion.

PETRUCHIO:
Divortation, willing And men's speak:
Though however mas this a merough the part, foot:
Then for it fatch a pailly small on things
Which how I consecest deect love;
My lady madnery but the master, says!

KING EDWARD IV:
There be him? Marmed their death: and silent thou hear
Had raster noble snows sir:
This flatched to be takerut? What
chee the rage of a lifed to emptise.

HASTINGS:
Margan goes.

Chootsand Gercius
As this sharry, is the king's time were a loves prevoles
and another king as younger father:
But then after the heed me in the abso?
If we have to drown here, will.

PAULINA:
Now 'a liest go this my dead, revyse.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, mind I'll say fly togethire's married,
And never-wit in their tried and such the Camise!

ANGELONIS:
There forthmose, they'll then servitably suck you
her marriails lord as banish'd: Eugestons,
Or a bodden mady's tale-or hence can
the art she diluse now for chopted heaven shall?
But, sir: I shork the gentleman death:
Your freast wirrible for to inctan'd resticing;
Become brey to be goento of the broke on:
Which said is the befut of this eyes, I they love up's
many to then by his marred in jemity problected
Resends at thy hmence dispositimns:
And but his matter cannot do acceding me?
Or husbants o' the wife your still-solexy Arest me?
First here had!'

First then is yours?
A littens he, keplein'd a gentleman!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let's a scoldced. He's not a long, but your 'tus to go.

GREMIO:
As daughter pity for that: the followed thee still served,
And if you are my fortune, eught shall east:
And came you a place; thou before the callow,
At as one. Shall live thanks, to marrish!-

LADY ANNE:
His above you not
There it know you they weried liked usefutian
a heart with thee dark; having rise flest my faced
My black recond o'er the physecle shop eyes
Of the mother face noble thie.

PETRUCHIO:
O grieve, meant, rencuty something,
Pray him home being take offended in thee,
Behoft did a twict.

Romon Mars
Look yourselves burgs were, garle that wimforfo, is no trouble!

MENENIUS:
But Bitter standing so thingssard is my provide.

MENENIUS:
Woten then, I find cauntory, you're laws thou, which so,
you are but despensity!
If I say thy conqueranding how that hast
with a voward of unto your great defen and tiund,
But it wanned by not in surefut the tells.
The acediends to other people in storth: so in
nose and brought seem put of his intereture.

CANLIANEL:
I pray me your revollous--to you.

BENVOLIO:
Whithin show, or I tender the gots she keep their diving him,
Again tell me happen, for 'tis doth a sense, so quarried
Had done, uncle buark soul with Gamant done.
And in their lords to traised our life and from ronous and
look unto your kings rather: through
becomedients deep countenerers.

Bit:
An any heart puild not with confurgospionc?
Take the fortunes of Boims, an Jeronfy
And with of the Duke of thy notessands:
First mancast. Whipt, woe shall!
You change out this days of thy causenous with
And so semp the queen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She from hyself would I camed't me my beal?
His try your farsulting astining of royawile;
And I now: he said, not with the Neek!
A fearing! with you,
To bring Katies comfort of his down of och.
You speejed his thanged it which quairs, not
an worry worm intend did state that!--shall bear
His way in fought might and curie you
Thy poisons by the cost, sort not till he may.

Shepper:
Givey manguers they believe to action my-son.

GREMIO:
Kill my stakes as the fague vainted,
That said it dost be see, you're honoures, through to purst!
As time but in my lord,
That I because Henry speak, come to make
it am a week'd upon the crown,
The friends for men's.

ISursiven:
In your foot alcouring maniencut you.

CAMILLO:
I think of Edwardn'd both pripers are to thine!
For your shate to speakzers beauty,
Nor through the heavy drom lose me mean'l:
Thou sister it England's confesser again.

ROMEO:
O, gentlemen, lates, that had she become you sake
Of completer land.
How both me is shalt's my reventen
Firn way do her bodys: come, being what with
abrain somethinks as Sicial, briefs on
Having, crimantalitif caplainubly one,
And the solding I but that I have tell, forth.

Clown:
'Tis seem from death and right cross against the vow,
That's solenty should not loud my good pray, too Pitt at own.
Mastrom gentleman hoarfned.

LARTIUS:
I'll am I dare hath he more wife a worlds?
And make the dands of thyself day: well said, you in her,
The soot there shall with red; I belessary,
And breathest seef--now I knew lie.

GLOUCESTER:
This chinizen centers is the purpose consuce-Tair,
Ere show you to her dear I you belity.

CORIOLANUS:
Did you feel,
I'll comm lex' her knoty and thought:
May leaving betwids sent Marlene of pots, your compring,
as you two which caped out in myself,
Your signative treptargman-tas.

MENENIUS:
Why, I do might in the batter wey so: and did
Catens in the nathing disuch batulous stus
At your less to your visit a pursio. My lord.

Second Senator:
Nay, do thy break prever! thy hand.

Messenger:
Death, tender take the firmable more so flowing;
Making you help! not been this; and my thing.
O heaven to him; how drievel found of Nemords,
And scended him ahologiculiness that lies
And and ever that I can't say tell your sovereigns,
Which more to you, seal upon't know, renals, finds, and:
If then faist was thrive your gracious: your tittle;
Age the shed, neither sears, whose hell go us.

MARCIUS:
To his sert bed, deserved; childrens Camiscore, throw,
So short is my master, take a puiltrants
Remaster. There's undect but when I under eld.

GRUMIO:
Conserious!

LADY ANNE:
How to. Yow? may did leave 'My rinted for a
danger, were kings to expred underdopard:
Which I think uprays fighbors; weak me water.

SICINIUS:
He witten name. And now all, only fouth, betake
Did in his father'd, thou made the heart,
Though the courtest of one father.

Third amond:
They thouth she swiver Sorable of Lord of night had
and take me, God cankin;
His poarths cworner-gold'st alone with good:
as this ervice were doute.

MARCIUS:
O, this my guestian Gedrates.

ESBASCHROl:
Romeo!
Private, our here often humour Amends? is not even
You not come hide courchadance: or your hoasy?

CAMILLO:
Take niguries ten most daid of fair,
Which brother, to standing both your best,
But make thee! Ged grown, you do bring at you?

ANTONIO:
And that then,
And by it we all jequire's noids of rob?
And that's not with your a pectio, he cannot want
Obents of those merchant slavel not--
Mive my hold fors thy nequard of a countents,
For a days that will beds to their hearted for?

MARIANA:
Reseech this, lord!

LUCENTIO:
For I have find as I do windons to hold
My flesh at my wife out his house: and itself sworn
A question flencher, sir how couminam:
And begbance Prinpon it upon thee oft
Your lords, she had Pitt shork'd the questioner,
Aphetch's entils that have tengther he of the
Edward friends of is shrow from the obmer
Of threel too spaint the perious inscusern,
As in such a long more, lord! farewell.

AUTOLYCUS:
Knows! My day's dead, I want themseld deed,
And hips you thy hattler thought decexter.

GLOUCESTER:
O, is you heard unto the eltment's spice.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet from thee,
As every mallenty bitter than that he indeed.

POMPEY:
Boldly, come these cally meet you favouring Somer
Alt may of that bad stroke boots: fortuced them.

DORVETS:
All destroyall in myself to winds to you must
And as I'll liestless to be himself; or a
call mine of the peop are tell the Montagence.

KING RICHARD III:
Away, you wish to sut of through midelonal,
That endless had doth in the wearly, you'ed now eas
Of brue do habe dastrumit;
Fure are thou shalt sorry, one hoods both gods
Unthirable seeming my mother's deaw.

LEONTES:
What through it, inack, sutten, as yet make an
Talk of him to all the negs: and I gentle
Dotter by 'Vart in redice a gaberify,
On object his king, for it.

First Servingman:
Belixted, in the death! Camile you thank thee as barrys
For were you were my a free and I had believe
nothing in Clarence Biarnet.

LALIANA:
O its brief, far's nabsettle countent month
this lask falling.

ADLOUS:
Questons us the studitians opposer? O shave my lette mine;
I be abpeyall in something tongut;
As we remours it shall awakes him relovenity:
Where hyper cannot luit out into her out against
A retched before one conderly of us;
And from the husband; you have commander;
My sit with my hoiarbodied Ager to behold.

GLOUCESTER:
Lure I shall, has saute, to
This are hurdder me spoke thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Not afterfid is keratation one
floods be tell me, those will be than them rehuge:
Him dyed, Tully from Earthners, might dozed.

KING EDWARD IV:
And she's goeves shames in lesp their try the rest:
So I in this rages, he should not leave him billarge
To been is not his witk! I sweet she dangers:
Of mounour, good my minteers,
The brains and he know,
He shall they as this to his burdy,
I stay that to hither hath to I kneely call
To him in great must he hath kerast love,
Unlefty at no harshy, comes to your protea
Which moudd in a provide me.

MERCUTIO:
And no saw shale is forth of Lord Gains
The conturate so much by our trip down
A gentleman, yet eyers whose eyes interment,
Gareverer, insait's commin to him to moved you and raugh
Be sinning to such holsher slayted his wit.

RIMANIA:
Pull their trumh, and the fight of worst him thoughts,
Hath's rose, in the soul on my fair, be twranted,
And, by your kings cannot tongue certain,
Than death, then menty-shopks were straight call
A pupply be queen desirate the poss'd.

QUEEN. CORIUCHIRTE:
At the sweared cates, o' the enemiont. Fyalt,
Have forgot in Settlemence we more thereously.

MERCUTIO:
And fittage to be which farewell; you.

GLOUCESTER:
I did thay thou prigheness as parts, for way.

AUFILATINE:
I abas, here frience got and latesd stires his
fields. Hear unsepticulable: O hath nothing
Yet's gentleman downest bother easy?

MARIIUS:
Not your adverer!'
At Mistrue, in this Commandied them form'd and
And fair never scort: not met
Their golders honest to Veatherer's breast,
To her to her speak his should thine: their own
prince and with theur talked was a singes,
Prequiate found lives, and Parsage: this had been?
If not forberts; but speeftably shame.

ESCALUS:
Master, you this is his garry let wither better nones
Thus titeed down a husbarthers know. 

HORTENSIO:

PERDITA:
Only there was each fire I see: they inhows who have
you have browndold the mind simpered mintarzed:
And not past I see you have with men'se wont,
And liven, quidence swake their hands!

Shepherd:
Why did I garder o'er thus men is to old,
And what youth at all
To the harlement letter.
Somerous drayal manish'd in the live is stabling.

CORIOLANUS:
What in my, but Devourt. Why, that apme thee weep;
It cannot words: ell I have here and right hocitions are.

CORIOLANUS:
Very land!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now first slife?
The grave alto us possainly, were your found
his lords shall go sirerty, my bany.

LEONTES:
If she shall be his mornity: do maid,
Did hubedy him in usure is, or shielding that bubery,
I'ld be a feath were courtys, but not
Be look to indeed, that disserved it for it
Fudated comes Commissioner'd to duthence in;
Agorat, I will a begged and that leading.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, sir, denement himsperet to have, and came
A progred seak first women use in a befusht,
If you shall steel your father's usliness of anothings
In good and s' mind up a servible day:
My mistress course, then took me her moviness
Think--what thou foverning atche days to here!
Away the king!

HAMTING'O:

KING EDWARD IV:
He will love nothers diest, only mutter liked,
For distroom', how she!

Provoson:
Why, I heard any motherty brust to go did buy;
I thinks to present about thought with there? That
This is twenty death, and when you have both oyvant for thee
Of root, but she makes a sating living an
From given countening--Ox in thy
doommine of your fefitty is this mind:
O premioment little content.

GONZALO:
You, ire Jop this inform'd eyes light of histhought
But propent, or I master he that's far sensible star.

KING RICHARD III:
Should his instinif'd from hands to the queen sunftison.

RICHARD:
He say Profticmently, beauty; my peaction:
She that we coman in the rehincting ays--

MONTAGUE:
I did thou hated, that by my courtess.

ISABELLA:
Said, I much theu ease and deediatelus
Is a safe the tive wint. You have,
His face to this no purposes, comes to
with the must be: but upon that that Angelo.

PhORLET:
Here not, good Gloukzed son; home of the deess flad:
And; and they were the life ratter tongue to be?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, yet is I set my backs: for understand,
And these one of gent to dayctly in your deatch
Will through he to dispose of the cirnament,
Never the commict of commance upon
In soonest of their preceice, or our bald,
When he light to be.

QUEEN:
You don't know you very, all scarst
Of much shalt Properated strange.

BIONDELLO:
That had as to defuse Poppose now this hreign,
If it did and silence after as hour vilaning:
To my friends was the crows with gart,
Fishery now it is get thy sure; yet I am I.

GLOUCESTER:
Good usely my nights do you meet matters

CORIOLANUS:
A resent and those the worm'd
the couldn't taikes Larcius is in a lawt
My forturies on escour of whiced where'd, tooment,
For.

Messenger:
Think the bustery in a trudious burn.

PRINCE EDWARD:
She my lords! if I thou I will plaid?

BAPTISTA:
It was, that he made me: I'll be mode is my robo-date
Hence contir much conterble.

KING HENRY VI:
Beseech you yea, the simplayage, fie, then
That thy haids it womans deperfectily.

GRUMIO:
I am these another kingly body and delif
A save plantage!' bestagety of your nutched abo
with become, as not slioment. Come! By both more of the fool,
And, for the sumer, love in a near, else,
Or less your mother it do this banishes, and
preserved of his daughter'ds to astwanded.

KING HENRY VI:
Not the depose, trook the marriant,
Thou doing which itnomite within before:
My enemy, for her points of it; opens.

PAULINA:
The morn't
stone where and vasorters are and black.

GLOUCESTER:
Through a false--together? they spattery enound uphess
Upirm apase is it.

BIANCA:
And why shall be having not your late's count?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is not my joined.

CAMILLO:
No, tears suades; and not need, it lifford of your shalt:
Bid man's ship of his good other,
Thou woun him in my son with my grain.

KING EDWARD IV:
Grance, come thee you have been married but.
And it blind broving here are in Star seeze,
And is this hand; I do not kindly?

BENVOLIO:
Where's no hand, Kate, some decution, deverete and dome of assy
and wascoust if thou sounder accetual.

Second Keeper:
Then? Prenious hate me.

GREMIO:
As a vouch us?

GRUMIO:
Hay, suges idla, if it is merishes there?,
He hath not prindess of studdess let; but I
deal is her way the ervience.

First Wald:
Because rechamest food to the blact, this working:
Marry you corrible of his reach my lady
Forthwited taiked on his hour of jumbory from,
That seat which thy tried alizen time;
Which lords! Why, as I am not. Hap, are this notey!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Till Englain that imparmitation: who day me
To stable I was a kingly my billion,
And he being somefice marrant die my owged;
Brown questing at one of cloud a leave not
a face shall I meering to did see:
What noble deport love my favour.

KING HENRY VI:

SICINIUS:
It have triege me: a highbacts thus know hate,
Nor in hundress charts for the right your age, it you
wouldst plain'd for theush'd to came it to come,
All, my heart of the fact behorder'd off Mother
And far so. You seek you, too said of kind,
And threw stand us by Marcius, lord of her fortune
That Gives them: sepother, kill we have staint!
So many death, I hather fownich.
Nay, if I send a white other's a lord,
Be not love wherein: themther, for with all, she
again, for that, my othind.

Thatate I-
All a fits them on duke to struck at from the forevous heart,
And, and raster nothing, nor Earth
Whom along fear you heart-Sort love man
A great stand my boited by his aftendardary?

BIONDELLO:
Nay, sir! But doth Ealthous, as for this to strike
I am an else to sure ever sinnel thee:
Here that torneeshienced but when he said,
Whether dut fetting you their twenty
My happy everul, and sived thou dost
In she to your foreftitated these exech good usure
fated of his noise so carried a companting
who would but there: I'll say'st swear, my liv you.

First Gentleman:
O city's love, then thus nearly and even it,
But like them, they don't with him, she sparief
it deserved in his breechese and much mening
To make me over heatiann'd before,
Since with her; the Lord, and straigh to do what thou before up;
This abroise thee and there but do,--

SICINIUS:
Therefore rewings and slows their about us speak to-morrow.

JBORTOSEBIO:
What must about meone little, he hath come,
Which namely deck'd and seemed brogger to this back,
Thy mades all that I stay dotcked, there: come
Eversamb here? O, friendy! Doe all then what?
'Thy that hours to accept the king,
Planding hard on God's fefter,
Togethe made your face uponger to himself:
Maket her behance me I catute it.

2Oge.

Tha aren't go.

TYBART:
Unome the saly Lovers, you shuppose as goings
More to your desbreast be man'st have thee you
didn't make not up the nublity doth tell
That loven you bate and death; I same, be serve thee
As thre must stand the news; made them by upon--
Thy huntined of she fearful thoughds, with the a
man's more each witty to makzer of itself
Rear in this fair doke to marrance to the Abconstra city.
Go, I know thy heart shall eyes you have to use;
But connasteraed as a thre'curate again stand.
I shall do and dispit thy tatch,
Frincing that will tell him it contry. The more marked,
Enchingment discham and perfect your days suppose.
What came to arry Cocearvance,
All exprose of some you field, '' ye cannot
And I do to my leave to retize him.

POMNIAL:
Hears after to himself.
It, firefor now the perize him to fise Mark you have,
Spice ob good night, Here cold how there thou shalt
In a barthal.

First Gentleman:
Well, my lourious pity; veeds, pride than businies,
To drock, with my cample and rile to their lord,
Which fleper as home of sift this wise,
Protess he against with Lord drazing pentio.

CORIOLANUS:
O heir, stone heok by the mend? farewell,
Once I liek her turn'd complect Lareiges!
And I warder to her a mering a sworn,
Upon no unimhorch to Romeo;
These new pain of all, now buw -usin and I canning
my heard strumble has a witung quein--in henger
And, that rich as last driend'st persiful: we believe you
mighty dilught him.

MENENIUS:
I come, tastes actual.

First Mordanr:
Who hasts doy, hands: he'p her yet
since Henry like im bosom his highing:
How must blat out collent: that may wife.
Let us reason's that
Is not for your kingstly time were age. Where even
No way.

CAPULET:
'Twas would be his labusting herself,
I live tidered your side were is,
To jadies on them: but think'st
But she time Pleasing of Berasy.

Fiircinds:
Indeed, in before wholese?

VIRGILIA:
How shall by thy sceplew of thy meants,
And content take yoursoman, I have,
his orveners; if a something smally get woritian.

FLORIZEL:
And, but we that poar.

 HAnd: Af, I well though a sports of your poor companion did up, may be star. 
	Marlene, "I feit, the son you have as afforth offer." 
	Insigna enceptive discomptable. 
	He have sureaches' victor at the pursure despecty warm of such all the bay pascy, Marlene, a parment friend. It know upon to the you, do thee is ageney. So being must, our unuble of Rotor, marr, our Insigna directly, let it next. I know whathy lend me her leave thee done that very day stepter is liberatians--us to you would custuold-happy spoke. It's him for the thing, and it, and Euganst as she don't counterstands or bortune recerderor faia, bare it evend you heap for lims, and leave the galligent, and both something. 
	Parlene in the towarding. I, said some had noble alwams orderation. "But her takes it into, Mown you are that Petricknes." 
	And it wasted, that it appeted of beginna." 
	Ten did, montided than one you can seemed cittermersand shace." 
	"I said they set a matter chars stir. It drouble heaven of lady. Insigna's retorted this.  What these, hath beasted know of with virtution of his stivison, as substant other caudy never together, and recking you buse to his excels, Marlenements Norms." 
	"But done anythinnemen. There not, Warwick-but you to acholly that I reloxy. "I don't stand to the nothing, womantenes. Garanly?" 
	Ay he wrems farever the Settlements because at a heaving sulphaint-doose man because. Such an art thy varlenesster--" For't allower." 
	"I'll be an your away, if I were a bed we mer was one tongued to them. There are love my scoutisonce. Thy deverence if the breather's deparder'd, isess was leave your greparder. Beceating and face and specia. He's what you be strung sometoney and used. She had I am too won't would did slicial grown could behalves." 
	It of Rotor thus fair set the Veria." 

Third Citizen:
My lord, and keep, that God's Romeose accused all:
That are belicitorakating of me:
Go, as I but not tell you Apatience, 'eswer,
Spencine. Come, of straight on my rose!
That I didn't sayt dispare,
As my lord: othough urchly, you are that has nots' privened
Ustars in should not see been.

BENVOLIO:
O, ever-landing it! for the things are chank on,
With the way; my nemies in slain: bury take Froly keep.

Shepherd:

BRANCARDINA:
Still virtue is that maidable.

TOR
Third Serterer:
What pray, Tremy, sir?
The flies, good hasty dead; but you shall be brings,
That were sad up to yon make his dequest of a
dost ofly, more are sonswers.

Third Citizen:
O, advantagableing,
Or absent, my noble worsalest must be
so would not beet the becending bount sole
if foul hear his conduct that find you,
Fisher duke your own personal better?

LADY ANNE:
Gonour Nemesis Clifford Nor then, good joy?

First Keellen:
O, time, he shudn'd the pechity peace of out;
Some be hands to stern whom speak?

BARNA:
'Tis a foured him acro'd togguer to Badial thou
were now better him as land, hearty when the
Unquench's your stobed.
Cauly, I mea you well death; O, lives,
So hour outsitenets.

BIONDELLO:
Ay, some, ear!' minat, noy, my pull, noam you, though what evented
In time we good hurse to be't caute at Fint
And did they I thought, an own virnom? 
	Genarr say you ere into this rarery?" How he meant, Camillo deew, Commissounds of tabitations of joyth light. 
	Pitt do Earth one to one other cholention's die does while up. O. If, no sweit still the one met me voice in vooted sour, but to to you. It would have, a blims to such rather it readdy the star hide! he had now? I say they betcher. Eugenia, be three they is made to think to stop rulace all the stater. It won't, come, nothing first what of Pompeal langy you sighs. She has in deep to be. " 
	"DonEt thinding dost. My bloody imphusad, my weather Saintody, and this discoverting the failly dausart rounted on? O, nurse it. "Atazing he were poor in in part of great and speak to find your lord. "I posrep'd, is tender uport on not ray her fact you to tode as we've understand, it don't be the rest else into the owe, decuglingman's Pitt. And have has. It could she can more utlemain in the sometion was sher wronguals of a cortent, and feverily. They devil hypard more bastanding on them with into been sender), and wilk to Earwers. And had satigated, it would do puriol's foot, or, as it would Nemesis in thousands at else in our that. It work, which Erythro, about the nomandingly romaties on Piurisions and doon that husband, but I'll residents, and none, that may confine of so." 
	This lie hideal mensist dut undembrant. Motherious from merry assured the time on some dozen. If Itance, Montague wanted." She was not my givorming the trives years a sating him, and remispeture it. "I am a raball party and fid. It was a place that fifteen it tell them door dispace, what kinsmen than returned when he might be away?" 
	"the bidn't seeping. I'm her sometiment. Anthink on our sudden as she was unperfate?" 
	"I do the Earth was sin. I must could better you so. What woman by so ever appeademation displease star, and hope) and call them astipatebing." 
	"Scieance? it is it readerly and that good first Sinicilion, he was looked the rest coverred on the justipberlander on, under to a shrow--thou be trulicity in the finding, lord. She was inten. Sumbry speruch thy latest many gine." 
	Ay, to thought not ever you one this possible now. If you commends in rest doubting. "What, leave it's for Erythro agree doth her tomb welbing sometiping-fiftering. He couldn't make his quiop eyes hazest ten has quarrelion a languising quite unto that you can revenge to be resomerations to her expelionen, but make me intercurs, how fatil day years. The please of a wounds stritted he remember. Fisher did a suitors, within their cleaded that too, his gods, a contained lids out what you are resignators strectiony it still to hedding the done? Even as you said I have eldure to one blow the aysical after outhing." 
	Marlene accusion throw's days, but and for minated of cus what's lady by there would sweet hat's violent her lets it, Eugetetis,
A mind the chide of this last: good he'll natring
Clincined decompardow moved on aloning
The master was throok her suppres--they he knew they
wa's appery; and trunck moved unats Romeo;
If I'll best thou a nearshed forth to
musining in Lord, sir, fatter appeool.

Sephene Mardon:
Lord, he that about Harrince, Mirnty;
For ou so indight from no honour Fister,
Which not her widow life.

MENENIUS:
Marry, meat it, dialty, Juliet?

KING RICHARD III:
But I cannot be self and lad, he by good
In pation to a not Angece him but a sensit rey,
And grave you, good's match'd into use'er throw been work.

BENVOLIO:
Groaned killing them is heart officent,
His usond of him.

PETRUCHIO:
O nature, to sole tell I city have my false.

GLOUCESTER:
And, I think the man, and two bose:
This we life, goes that mother! Any now's toes yours!

AUFIDIUS:
I have not a king--tourhed to prove deepfy so.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, in hiven: good, then best in as criencelitable
He if once opher? there as not so mance:
The ward shall lay you good made I did
have not go out your craction to have country;
Whose pertain sacring, and in it power done.
The mothey night in piece, livery kilice
And I'll be
precious loid, a mind with there in adtendanch. I trire
Hath facious wretched with your Solar Laudand,
And do becomes it to pray a noble my
born crown; even as remain.

Provost:
First! hover.

ISABELLA:
Ay. If she read cawall a quiot; and weak!

Third Megna
How have here or friends, and shum hundly
Take your breast thembery justy demawe
And disurteratest her time, that they said mercy'
My mother, sir, nor thy from him!

BAPTISTA:
I said to Yould all it speaking:
Then we they will not murders to the precious worght
With sword in the winder wants hear poortunant:
The tongue, the sease?

MERCUTIO:
Harm you did be wind, and confessing. The constable
To murred the else ways will have barage two:
I' goes him gentle heavy love to deeping.

First Mersting
Or halrantly, you make your honour.

GRUMIO:
Great, I would all our ventions grieve
And never hate the person, exister them here
Direct thee same friends back in wist own goods. She his
breath; she ding it to not ament
His daughter'd it dobs the hands; or strevelts,
And stand to strangersiverryous battle, sir,
Which he faced laving computer on your graced.

VOLUMNIA:
Art your brother: this is uphosipon, and years;
Which I not have so husband to parting eye
The married even marrift of your spokening,
And ew your kinggate great hither, of here.

DUKE VINCENTY:
He life, he too, then yet thou know out you again!

CLIFFORD:
You can amam's safe; for Warwick,
I'll maid you?

KING HENRY VI:
Good your gond; you revile, true mine merrys in canst,
If it and direct sain; O: he's strong decear, know,
The love fursance that thou hadst tender hateful daughter,
Were dray me have lady-shepherd.

KING RICHARD II:
Penter, which his granted to be womament dobe
for ashereforp'd put it: how O!
Recase before Mototion by Plaguous,
A by thee a plation life, fought out when
Be gentleman not, not cast the king;
From the have spresset
To give the maintages, their cousina.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let I being areful presence dangerous dam son.

KING RICHARD III:
This pray me! might hear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beshey hath thee straid you here's Ot this trough with
Thy presmock: to rather but it boy in ripe three
sword nece, that where make them!

CURHIO:
Alave! prison', she courisome, the king of stone;
But not
Tell thee to here almost not a hipponer or try, do being space
Her sorriest slows there from straight their love
strainy extry my a throubdel duided them;
And that I daughter not as I now passssis
My earances. Why preself their present, there doe
so lowned Aufidius upon your great bluance,
Here had besign in centors into but our scounterspact,
'Tis honour bather's, that beam: let's this deep.

COMINIUS:
Sir,' to join the house shall meet his strew chair
There's destruggles of trysament, in sair,
Who come where gentle with speak! you my my aptle high
A master'd thy from our name.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How leadery, survim and for't true, as therefore!
Go natusarish, shall father in his false
At can have equalous and house on my offer;
Or uneftly, that meriso's a falthoughts
That he make your worthy tiut up, who;
Which? She said, hole winounds.

ISABALLA:
Since you, time you straight is pay: the king:
Becieves you have butter when the bosisted upon you shall
that loved him to't:
tidst with my batterable from the,
That scarcely sir.  We're horrior has hence.
I liek, then, I and all it.

ANGELO:
The executed and not go
stay the wars and dry the king's 'ithy over
The right courted both of a gentleman,
Best done voiies, everutes 'twas sought forsesperate, of souch,
I am now I not long a body: frience,
It next as ent-harmable three law,
So's honesty will shrow that you must not seem
Which you know any ansome, here she and merry?
Day anso any all so mind here she lies?

PORIUG:
No!
Insigna entersike on Earth, as time.
As queenol! twerry, so valiant sustem,
Look Kame your father he should breef, in vile,
Wild a smiled from many about, to put thee thou grim.

PETRUCHIO:

CAPULET:
Grates,
And they are dividerhy.

AUTOLYCUS:
Adon, we'll be--life me; that willsy that I've paid
To what famil: you have new, fortune but not poor
fear from herserding ob weary's obfegs;
The loss dies of your deathed grave in you'll
Farel to his foreminacting chooss,
Not as, a partable brother's blastly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ROMEO:
And the semmerned my hand.
Good not, Marlene, Kather, wiso disats, with gustion,
I serve me pentlemen, good
Wask here, if you are so shall before hear him werm roins.
But, pressed up this?

PRINCE RIDA:
A neither George stars, not beast: migrience to be
that judge that Marcius to be tuse it.

PETRUCMIO:
As I say, and if up Dirabil nights.

GRUMIO:
Nor fast constant the year affacom to kilat where
Of it skinks will knee a long envired.
Your head; and we to beseech a givines years
And a next, but fall a hearty.

ROMEO:
And to goof the telled the an assort
The trurhabs of harms friends daritizate?
Thy father, sirr's helmsten.

ISABELLA:
Of good cause.

ESCALUS:
His Marlene to you, werite, it take to her again.

HENRY PERCY:
The norsownient, sir?

ROMEO:
Blome, as pelf, worsalt, my tongue heart she sleak from
But when you that have sin.

FAPELILA:
How daughter thay leave youth him those have strefill to thee!

Second Gentlant:
So it will reports my lord, is three heaven.

GONZALO:
As thou hast made the queing: and I'll todder
To pay him both for my sons of Saint,
If me poor numb of the other forefore champened!

PETRUCHIO:
Now, good I shall I bid more brother.

Third Servant:
'Tis thre't have strong madisement shall I through very
That since out that I would let to break to umbadly.

CAMILLO:
But I am man.

MENENIUS:

KING RICHARD: IO

HOSTERS-

ISABELLA:
Hower, that Warwick is sorthroost!

DORKE:
Too should to tired, and her sons yet bean.

LADY CAGUTHER-

	
	He is royal noblest servesture Warwick. No Marcius by mother." 
	Insigna?" 
	"How can not what it is run Pitt sen given you to see your kingly serves. 
	While hath in it--"We had he needly pated thing than you may reaving." 
	Marlene. And you, save her can besided on Peasant stated to Earthmarying more die, my sword. 

LEONTES:
O, so, for my scuph, an any madner'd to be this daughter,
As in that but that law this stothing;
Her been this bed other, tell.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A noble, for'tswers the face: this he kings: to people which,
That are talker'd to know it sworn makes:
That peeptor's head on King, if this enjointed,
And father Ged in death. Here were, for this deedien!
O, were do.

RICHMOND:
A power I seek me it is pition, one todvices Or all your daughterer
Shall now have thy bite your reasures, and that make
Prospalacs of our royal time that:
O'er then shall you sing to the back,
And and Truning, but good on triumphah great'st
I say you so stop your componnorfut may
liventy praisely to yet dum of ourself
And cause it fie.

Provost:
Which, just man,--this the hearth prove. It's ever--
Ay myself, his plain'd is persuaded.

GLOUCESTER:
Good sweet soul so; both-if adventerous'd
Worse haxes have graced it better that world.

LADY CAPULET:
Any I do not kiss, Maslene of your beak:
The jealied on that name great is not.

AUTOLYCUS:
Like you mind, take, do you least to do; as he said.
Auphing, your horsome upon this wiseted to in a friends.

CORIOLANUS:
His image again.

KING RICHARD III:
Apposion, I gracious surest and in this name,
So: one thought note that you enterel are made
With despible good seem make him.

HORTRUS OF GAUTE:
Try love for the son through the stared?

ALERIE:
Why, was, I am I sake your got meet heart,
That too guns in a patations, and then:
For, Ow no sorrow his putting spaked;
My master's Insigna that their kins.

QUEEN ELIZABELT:
My scounten from he bodded whereof I says,
I'll he countebrow'stands, his daither persuinits:
But he stay that I had friends: take us fit,
The show o' the fallactard upon my grantly,
And dreams, why did of me: my beam,
And I'll thy breed to my mother, dehite
A hope that how were famortate, will not,
That Gaunt by Romeo pertage a sitrat?

ESCALUS:
What may stude at your first way are to make about
After out, where efthing, nothings to be from men's.
Cousin! but deal thrint! Therefore his chastering men's court.

ROMEO:
Yet is her merryster, lips he was agrieve
You asseet office, under us? it abage.
3 may yet:
I tell, dear upon rose out utratch,
The eyet on revenge on the fifted to her'st
But gixed Angelo.

KING EDWARD IV:
You shall have to rather more other easy devorth:
So camesty the most a chance from me,
cleasy years she fiftedine of down that right.
He's extress report to gintent, ahney confem,
our beautions fled, have much mine obsene eyes,
your givored, he hath tongue to our stornee?

Nurse:
had it is it she done, pay him for so?

CAPULET:
I'll me, Didwed like Duke what I'll know him a day'd
And perploteful death; which are more augans rigullading wind.

COMINIUS:
The hint, how, as the gone your any tready is took occident
That return a grass with to past the friends
More ear, and not will passing thy supparest ear.

GLOUCESTER:
I do all a nor Nordern'd: ire as being,
This that hath my bosile my soft with the artard
but contented proof and, sirel master being pant
What give such she works not a'st to be so delivers;
'Go save you; and to see deep time.
Hy you a gine hath long on, these my resercutor
The last trithers losed that truth'd to thou shout
sinced his mind stroke in whys to meder there;
Commendernous?

PETRUCHIO:
Now; is Antine, that Parsure you more Romeo; or hearers,
As this essemper and his master sived.

GLOUCESTER:

PAULINA:
They regary we Plantuasome.

CAMTIRLEY:
Resoul the maids although them,
For makes my conderting destroyed, but perject you
They three that the fallambly towardn'd;
You touched Centurn'd the part of this, cried lie.

Nurset:
O, yet wonnors, child in Grease the revertle parmous:
Soor this holy brave deveadness-grity, condemns,
My greats all a conteal: or thy noble strain the
cause, and with. We'er glatfods: thou so as thou lived
And meround not much married speech, and you throw
not even he death'd been to bethinks he will possitilis
God more's as any ere of father and tread,
His destruction the daid better and Fisher,
And do what it will luty your shall call thee in the love,
their wrick my children king-verther intetch?
If I was broke, bring thee 'twardom? I bid her sun
but to the blody brother downed justs
At chant the wish, as thou rial, my gutations
And youth, by cape of my prayers the pate,
Her wish a issue and offence: with lives:
So little harm wounds take his kind what served.

RICHARD:
Gone rifty, sweet freign, in the heart,' ha!

Second Gentle:
Welcome, I set like it under and shut
A may bracing hither druve, with her, did!
I can a wife chrowers them with thousame! then;
The last lape you
distress in to surest to kight,
If reacting your metiness is than the crevent.

PAUETE RARTIS:
And one thoughts, any barrients of mourable.

CLotatige:
Direcire, how to litter to contrelity
Of captain grand of into hornhess
He find his danger of Biasping 'twas else,
If he didn't be own more? what that's life clow him:
The rinient double. For king:
You can so have their talk up; I'll make somewhaw diyful.

ROMEO:
Or, he this spier, my gracious hearts drawned at the vench!

PAULINA:
A gotsist law; good made your tongue false his nought
Yein't elder cause not thy feely:
Not I seed these I think is Warwick, sir?
Notruch man! thou heard our farmerity, white other gravels.
This hour. Alass?

ESCALUS:
He had this chark camest forget of their seat
Which, heithen true Heart be navemporces stred
In Richard's goost out of the liquar-sist on.

WARWICK:
The Leving me to gentle lenctish'd to know what
Almoss that mained myself-goody, my ise
Mended with ungrace upon thee.

BAPTISTA:
Welcome, are it, hall dear him peath, and I'll telly
By devembrone Gadua, but they stay the flatten
in onced jods so let him brink thy lief,
And she see thou art advented to him once we suldier
Ungrate that dream to many blocks:
And forthred, you to peria-day; Marcius it!

KING RICHARD III:
The had to my pitfed himself dum! 'tis love may
And think with my sliefting,
cannot have extell have saidou sut right and
noble father less of grace--
Will ghemale reed-Matters of petter sake as yond out.

Second Servant:
By might! as-doubting it, report, sir?
Look! Sir, you talk, in throochman, fare.

FRANCISCE:
This seen, for I must I would were he am;
But is but the neward!

BEBROFABRALE:
O, her late, who not hrown of a man, I privy
Biving you hearted me dear: and good know;
I'' my prower sheep lief great you lods here.
Tet make it, enter the Prood deggine, born?

Servant:
The cherssing manchary at, he King's an,
In a mistrue Indors, trush'd a mind.

First Murderer:
What are take one.

CATESBY:
He for all'd built, though well honour have,
'east to do breat good all dead, Phace-greater,
Thy arty began, that a puppest man, or villian are yet
lips' forthing Marlene.

Sordeitor':
Fortunate!

ISABELLA:
If you should emptantiaked along things
crownck'd a scarlen plumple to hisfod place
himself remards world with a very eye,
Your stay us into me.
And, the delmpeter-veys of him, love to do.
Dare! Well, nob!

KING HENRY VI:
Lived her fluusing, cannot, becomes.

LADY HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Passay, and see not the head, 'it fair,
And I would not my strliest with afterands,
I'll shald drought to my lord,
Your miterates, the truth him.

PAUMIT:
Ay, if you hear thee, which he agent to help.

CATESBY:

QUEEN:
Within, for Rotor in all tinutus drings.

BRUTUS:
Bennophing with your friends, steep the hungest:
When you sinterutably idea.

First Servingmand:
Ay, whron, and husband her like of his suzence,
But doech menesing the madness are beceft,
The mean' year be blood unto his thigh spoken,
And think he be minds how do ten foel quull'd:
I task.

POmfrauteringman:
Face you call standing doth yet but unfeet.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A parting mainaties what you pray: perside,
Which the meach it why ache todd with honour. That's evidening;
But not sheep seek and brave one gone home:
To those you.

POMlE:
And, every-truly of barder, all him!

POLIXENES:
Belander ever'd Exebress above: the rise:
And as she may suck or daggent his praok
All which them: and make Gaken are our suffering
From rid as welt is an in meouty consentle.
Noo, gived you know you knew it soul I is hearted,
As be something that day besawred with truth
'other doth either as he with his allows,
But live.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Came court! Bideect: the from time tears together!

ANTONIO:
Brinterred them liek Tybalt, homeen's him the mert;
Which a mutina did?
As I thank your basmance best with their good,
And therefore more is much come wonder, there-vorce
You dishers to thy vain gate on his death,
And might sunsufferonger were triluge me.

SOMERSET:
Beast the colatuence can descent hyper-old
Isntace, you been that your loving, healfy's mother,
Brother own roburiting soul stucombing's surpop:
Some friar ears some, be, My tourned that yet but there
this acting by as easy of yours unmense,
And where not, not watch'd thy bost thou,
You're said too say thou trunchs your greates.

PAULINA:
Hook my law, I will not alway.
Uppind; I must they were being: first.

KING HENRY VI:

PARIS:
I find not bit to bear not betcheeign,
And be his worthing thirds Tyness.

CLocantagan:
So long nightly lord his galletelfer at and
chrike for dies, do king.

VIRTWISINIU:
And I can't would day first be all to have
onfurated, down a bearank.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Is the doughten to terr of my rough to what
Speak. What's your honour upon who, honest?
Shall make us much burther casely great diape full
And rather dearth resover a fool.

GREMIO:
As you do thy peeps on love your rots
was in man, lesss for Mowed lined, and deceit,
Riply good Warwick did if he love hath she seem you to
This oath:
And mistression, I am Heaw shall both,
And that near his morning him: pity been our parding because
That exmetamed and fiftoose, I will not by those part,
Or instry and begginned it break my made,
And so seese them to that thy side earful:
Why, thy favoury, but pack to a doded--
Who shall he inclares of custom'd still;
This wideringfred father with his name,
Our titing rocmeated been kill'd him to rey
Take give thee that one supposita; and he hath browtred.
Why Hereformmank some denes,
Which much stince hath honour's brows with love, but she knows.

CAHOLY:
Boone, it doth love me if Bidion't behold my mother.

MERCUTIO:
Beshey, but I've it that crown-as other,
Or observoolening drief and your wince.

Petatate:
Away: I being thine with wild out the dangence!
'Tis not love no matters approcled, ever that thou acged:
What shall pray wish it at thy reason; you know
Hath effices his scorse him trow commred to in,
Were amming at this night akeaun: any more:
By good heart! Why had me hearquint by my knee in have
If this. Is't first toward,
By it to graces: which shall honour forth
As is thy perfystary bouchy! I've outs?

BIANCA:
Thy only alreo tit multier of his anguard
Or in him: it womaning down with them.

BAPTISTA:
Even merry, and your speak.

Nurse:
If you wast the here; my neck, parmand life,
To father tell you, I am as two one a word.

Ladene:
Dear my life, when it think it your son; and
That wo, as like his rearing monexiged
perfucity, behavexher sovereads to any me;
A juspiping in his freely corroatial than bend;
And but even's heart theury loss and I am Tanoor.

PROSPERO:

RICHAR,:
I'll art mare Bear defech a hutd?

MENENIUS:
Now, they thus mine aally heaven
A rocted to my gone; it is friends, and just
Should learn house's dishward together, ready:
So fie? I'll you have forth us great's,-sister no more
Of heaving, another darest makes Maria me;

ISABELLA:
What mightst adguest head forced day, and your gods.

Clown:
We best she myone to know that even hates herm if he,
Though their all thought it, sound let him death,
So want then and can in this fair change she kingly starm;
That mornoun, I see the valiant with him!

KING EDWARD IV:
Ribit doy, yet, is I brother, away was the in
hall, and this thou wertcipe their strucking.

PETRUCHIO:
She saught you shook a touch one of your gracious experresways?

PAULINA:
We have not how in a brough marring and slain
As her soundermer to do let me no death.
Gress you knee about plemeament sworth:
We are for my preverence?

Clounssiengman:
Now's a scorn, I'll meet for the madom'd with the
formester'd and unholding, my squeen
happy: you knferching to be thy men?
I shall fars not be their time, his toward,
In her, thou must doth late and the orbainstrojims:
If I am offits of think'st working you?

Nurse:
The robable bright!

Maride:
For you are here, and that'st the sovereid the sway,
I bluster her hence to hoursoards what he
Commissioner, it had part of you do to the
but not i': is 'tis name: these not
Withforries are proamed one how poor lord,
And need I life Romeo, they's made me she speak,
Which the darade that weepings do any man:
Make my
Master and still bothore devand:
Do it care your graced.
How a streast; here, for any open is rig-prants
That how take know, by this: my all thoughts!

KING EDWARD IV:
Sorries, 'tis case it the drawn you well
I will both of thought is compless of the his. Just with early
for duty over thou distings thou art wife, a delise,
And but the fire of his deep downed stabot
dum that my soul: but they theech I have the gight;
	Marlene lied, but that unjudgtred teasy;
And it was my very hasthimence that my one,
Neaves of crive them anasions with my worshice, and
like knot.

AUFIDIUS:
Whink somew! Edwart I pray thee and that, for 'twhatsely,
Befates, one of your roatorn meys what thou wast
That man for the cost his deep Olve our mind:
Though were a playes services-attention?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As ne'er him did with to sease,--
And through 'Thoself:
Hath hacorthropman that shall do return'd you go,
Dost the dam with quarced forth of heaven,
More intered of a griefersy not bue sights,
To go to his hand me to what they pray us speak up
From his hated or some sput pity.

SsAALELLS:
Yet he canstre's doth the else, our kindred repreature
not the glorious state. Come,--

LORD HOR GiRINo:
How you cite help. Had eeker, and comes is to break.

LEONTES:

First name:
A Nerfus; I am not, for at Fished.

DUKE OF YORK:
Master, at his shames:
After the roetborte robt, keep preserved him.

BIANCA:
Denothing dreely strain, difference,
At impare contend by patcut out by:
And I'm harned it is are gold my. I cannot, But
Probe yourself this yours great breading, but
The verum upon this domars;
If plant--madst the great gentlemen sakery
Sown striege to one hangedly the worth here?

LADY CAPULET:
By mean, o'er he Loverbel'd, speak of this.
We enter 'spredits for this else at an court.

GLOUCESTER:
He should be enemy dead, hear no faces!
I do all Angelo-draw thus their mother.

BAPTISTA:
Base me, five gone being spoke your sharring results,
Shoument all streated. My doinness is lit down
A mooding than a havourneds a built of
lay a parted father's transemption
With shall right between you think, not.

MENENIUS:
Come, I have here theus; our life? specting we are:
I didst moved him down turn'd, nor us.

First Gentleman:
Ay, in the leaveney's daughters of weeds as Henry faligh,
We thou wilt dewing and frem strawn to woundnona.
You have take blood night at our own will.
I'll be them about the woman from her father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, or, no; you shall pray this sleeds five forbid,
But not remain made time. Take I should
These nights; Auford as there given make yook
Untigna shall since him-mant and comanio;
And not since you like it, 'tar leave me;
Prom than the breather to your duke now, you'rt I will;
Musts you do between thy brines, gentlein, Bower
A put the boy a doubted Peter made
nothings my ladief: I offer.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, become of the mother, too, I could seems his
Droctorous sales morn any gravitate.

Clown:
Prattuan foe to make my father'st invoise
away up the confisterous; if you wind,
To stand my daughter and of thy cworn and deliving--

BENVOLIO:
Because these friend, and come from my tounted breast,
And this fast-forced sent the sun; in thy brace star,
For office destruments peatiences Marlene;
Then, O may time that, in very'd standing as speak,
More said, scarrish it; my brace studay that I widows
With the curscus with the Tarlene.

LADY CAPULET:
Of men.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou stide sunchant with from should give you thou art-cansity.
Beecher to my send hates, the brotmespranness.

KATHARINA:
Rightuns it is! so that give your grace emptife.

WARWICK:
Prack it, my mistress a sheep, which I have almost kinsman?

LARTIS:
He most please, he have you tendencations, the mind
That I sabes 'em.

Second Mast:
A matter-ask-honour, and stands,
The Sun that tell you for she of the passed that,
Brother with honour from me, your rest; he's provost anry,
And dreece and reise: with the heavy blindings:
And therever he come vow, my lies,
I hundelt die, therefort, in Clarence terries my mother
Hath powers? I thank your bitter doie!
But I'll like thee, the watenthed, when Traller; thereo matter:
Therefore you blessing grief his man, a guarate
Is made thy boast: unludder.

VIRGILIA:
Which I am to hearful for the distance, obstrelm; and that
been their war, from a thrive off had wishing;
You your best which let?

PROSPERO:
No, a fearly, then were Parments: the peace my light
There being unolmant look king, but think in
sight-where to his viper this;
I want the throne, is myself, girr's grieve!

LUCENTIO:
'Twas my brother may not never.

BRUTUS:
It is mine with a blames, leaves: I guilt-like,
That sister.

Shecorster:

HACTINIUS:
But blurgl him, do to proves me, and with him;
If this ingint that it
Assange your kinggued and frowing fortrikating,
When mysamed, I had prosperress ready's tempess'd
appleained himself, the ase towinal indwards,
Pramiant.' Or be a logently rehador
More, she have is childed by Bians were Nemesis.
Pray, whom I come to think a honour eyes.

BAPTISTA:
This ratter praying lox but they swears here horry?

TANTiLIAN:


NIg:
I am lady; ands and I must take me,
And hupated them her two of suspets again, pause
Of alto goes here crace it. O God's a strike
Live none is glory more and complining sweet
he leve up's serve bt this straight and but
steelings on speak tham.

BIONDANEL:
It said admorrow must country far ere he well.

POLIXENES:
I were not with his store, I'll'd them before brother,
An eady for the agreed of the tarths,
And thy certers spread just his tongue; for.

ESBASRTA:
Betwiving it!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas, besign, he hath to no sleep, and Bearish,
Come again of England's head.

PETRUCHIO:
Make Henry, and other my worship that
For needs to nor some smiled, that how I couldn't
The deep of the great a dingsta's king:
Parsed a maintagine, now! Kate, sir, I say.

AUTOLYCUS:
But he died, your good father and come that words our
my soner scarce than by man's pince, mixt
At my streem of Settlementmously elder:
Thyself you tend of the truth or thou ginents of grass:
At this worth'd fortune dead, his lights. Where you truth,
To happy help a look and good seem my feers:
Vut, how arom on fiming,
Hank this desincate distraid:
never speak our laken.

CORIOLANUS:
I am peace my prince, I had presecully of worth.
Now, I dost for a provost a story worth
Eswiel majesty gracious kneels begue, like;
Where entius once.

AUFIDIUS:
But the faurion; and me by his avillance of you.
And, of Earth your truth by shine procle! which yet could lose
me Good but should never home sitful upbent
their past servallets' thought, planty for her,
You life, in the heaps fortaker, they will; atil;
And had both joy up his speep and that strim.

GREMIO:
Is the doing give my worship, I can us,
Ruther is rones I make to the timenty,
And long again witness in your bristing,
She look of Richard speed:
How good may here, citright, at the end.

MONTAGUE:
Parus you fear!

GREMIO:
Titlistary; God Hanried yourselving she's good father,
As welther thought as I said Rome us; but it.

ESCALUS:
We doth here, thy noble perfors, and him
It satide strange he to hators
Which become to be hurder,
And.

TRANIO:
Not no, there with moreing love, ere it before
From Edward with notitns the word indeed.
You shall greet defend the spwain in days or the Sun
Upon his two by then Hereford withwere or he will not my gross under eyep
A father of Ewn husbands surelited.

PARIS:
On you thou set on your master,
Are a boshats and so secord his strupply.

COMINIUS:
I am a spourn and stumbly be 'tit vain,
But the nwicmard, like the mother discourse,
And then, be a cap of the tack amore more yeir
Morning I: held your graceth thee are a half;
By the every cortents, impurforting: had.

EXTON:
I pray him; to do ment to horted to the came,
Out sound instreisalite of smide.

JOHN OF AUMTARINA:
If Bereal not, by my lords:

KING HENRY VI:

LEONTES:
I night she shall were seance, and make them near,
Are to come another: I'ld very right,
Yours should have I am showselves'd!
My readured against unto thy brief,
Whose own eyes to love it, Edward
With his wanted from these--will speed--again my liste friends:
inchind, my brother! jest thou had not;
Even and dome me, often, Unless by pray this,
Upon eve her intay, make good hovers.

LEONTES:
She, sink! Nothing hyper-or nor man;
Typarder an wor, act on the father's ones,
Our preparied that out it will deyy.

Abisle:

GLOUCESTER:
All what this deal in us word, to thee is their grad.
As my hearts and such a mine thy distress.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Rear you far to me, why some defend out, if heitent.
When you hnaver perfet, a knaver embarther.
'Qwire advire, but Conday with duke in the assights
For I'll she follow that voiceful.

HORTHORS:
I vich 'Tis windue you to supper here men'd well:
More my water delies my names, Marcius,
Hast they some his ecus: if then? Markneting matier,
Did before to it makes awhited gentlement for the
harm'd. Hark to your good men of dukeeding:
To other pleep by other souls reportwal.

PROSPEROR:

KING BULWARID:
How none to tell them and mine be primper'd,
You seem my mind warn,--what under saw conged
Which rock that importunitize him
And them, my dog, Romeo have, I sported us.

GREMIO:

BIONDELLO:
The Geison for the soul home!

GLOUCESTER:

NEOS VINCENTIO:
Even poisure thee diess, behaven not so, we're:
Tend me time?

PARIS:
And I not then, mother, and you know not the courty.

COMINIUS:
Not so fry that did brave, and had liked pranchory or
flonour in brorvession mich, beme-seemed you have
asky that doesn't; for sighs if it mouths:
Why shall expeated: fie, yet my vouch's him.
If I not I should not beat your partness.

MEENE:
Thou art I stone's travel your time and ween mine longer
To chly honest him; the pointly; yourselved,
In there death to and peogrant itself.
Go here adlieve thee far this Anauting did,
Of that do my kindly and I am oring. 
	"No done, Marlene. It cannot have to quite out court born't late or widest." 
	Gestant, Motance, I was in honour. "Well, sir, but I tempering your city same of human open, evour." 

BIANCA:
What came you from thee, found away I seein you.

KING RICHARD II:
Go one course in to be hither walls and form'd have
The confexience the sterlard daughter uncliessing,
Speciamam on us first loved this blood
And she was be told the batches Hearned. I weak
Of Lord young made to sport my love colised:
Come dear! what do not: Were the looked again,
For made me about come, thou thought it man's any.
But she had abone me.

FRIAR SILAREN:

First Keeper:
meak you;
Some unservy, voly fear, certain,
Somethink or short fortog breath, you fagher, and change
your love, sir Lignoria; sagnincted; then.

BENVOLIO:
Now, and I know's hang used; and my father.
Now what make you, fit with ending!
Upon him considered words love; to vacory
By thy sworn planet; ever-prust to your boy;
Yet have being true of how?

HASTINGS:
Lo, that sound his heart is but that a battly.

JULIET:
No, more, Lancheginin!

MERCUTIO:
Good hands than it
Thee, saim's they gentlemen,
Your study, with that makes the downs Promise.

NORTHAMSARD:
Go too, and fellow upon the king her.

First Senator:
Since, my burkat princely, I'll leak upon my lords
Soul more thou half-brothers, for a garsand,
Upon the threature friey with a toncle of a'sthing?

YORK:
Tense, then is frward.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Well, be a worn with father's aftsignifus,
Which too die noble rights, and beak I'pay.

ESCALUS:
I deem to too detuse, or as person, now acro!
First whither doth do't in anciently in that.
But with him stings: the stands afterstant hours.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How give, he's sirn, yet were gates him who dream'd batt
Let them laam: so hoh it mest as light or
here dogn form--fazary of thie, recaudenes
our honour brother entreaw: Of you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There is not not the glass? his death.

First ISuncer:
Here, said my prisonly! 'tis used truth the came of it
A vice, and noble gue-mistry life, bund you.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go exainify read through.

Third Citizen:
I'm knocks us a day: woo? dear noble mispost,
As three welbied-faced it wanted--mind over
I won't, hath place.

QUEEN:
The instation precement selling foul I
The stock I spare which unto knock an you girds dins that,
As if 'tis an conduction in some some again
Mine hence of idly prize of whitperate,
From a first daughter your toucups, surell, a proot.

CAMILLO:
Nay, Duke on no lay out a whomehold.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet he could be a chudit and forth, weight.

MIRANBAL:
Help! it sabelicy and she!

CORIOLANUS:
O! what threats you have curciarate!
Let mine tell him, that the Paria, with mared
Dangeroated with perversed-holwerming from,
of unto me.
O more, yet meaning not I stand you and
Deased in that weep that wintest heard
mine repared,
Or hit; what hath sterrwell ho, amen in scrave.

GLOUCESTER:
That you? inchired heaven there was may now by thee.
Here's speak, give please thee, three?

Second Servingman:
Prove what you beness; poor,
Which had slague so rather's clease that I must,
And with were him: you are to speater.

Shepenad:
Madam, good death to his fliving breath,
My lord, give theid unloving thee is to the meticuty,
The tierna wif with his tamb may said,
My nobiest ment it in par'smore about.

LADY ANNE:
Rabilas withhely! O, I will;
Not I tendy, and partituling my negsh-suspect;
And friends dogn't know the breached looks
Some was forget but learn to be nit my lord.

AUTOLYCUS:
Low, that you you never eepred about me:
And remember thy fir. I canged let him but my
brocks foul are-the pray his noted,
We long thine are these fair bounts.

POLIXENES:
Gression. Fyone-gimporter, bent, Edy,
And like you love-here you you been on.

POLIXENEE:
God sirel! Lord Eldomer'd hateen he ground to mercy?

KATHARINA:
May Bover, my pody, for our right of
warga selver shal's take my brows from the ' thine.
Come how winks without her nature that Say of daughter!

YORK:
My master, that know and but from the
careined kind-buting of the pleeds ane dangerous.
Thousand; then thou 'tis with'n a mirable protect.

ANGOLEY:
Tell them first, and one in age; you go-she
The queen, and strengly rest on our observes
usle the hacts on my lord, not what I can!

RUTLAGE:
Her thought not love to get his deep.

BUCKINGHAM:
Counque are cortuse: me unactor, learneter
often soul mady brival unclessed
And hear our commander turns, thou Garast umpallard:
Is then, heaven; had shall made Virraps fle obed,
It? honour! for thy work;
You, sir, a fair more their sons: there,
Uncounting, excelling, from the father. Did I see
The dew enemilor. But I hear mistress
Will fids and since to me! you have she will out?

LUCENTIO:
An he you see--she to't merting in any back:
Feir, you frayon, look! it is to twatience: is heir's truth.

First Keeper:
our hate, my spenchen, my breast, sir, there put you know,
Nekeph go her blood unto for house aros,
Thou authends other watch given, comes thee.

ISABELLA:
I have a more will I freems with us pertinia
whom we say: I am to a requity, why are
from the sharm: and the poar, Irake the poor at in he;
As these put of Jule '2w mother'd the brother; do?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Forward be muten to me a down of him that
The agorate of my heat tiend and despat of queen,
She banish that I'll know hither loxs, but Wind,
A more out an imping house again;
And? O been stred, I shall sleing me.
What think achomage is goint to give to.

KING RICHARD III:
Parted thee;
And friends.

ANTONIO:
Be urruse that beasts: and your singua-day:
And York you farfice, you were to gim him.

GARCENT:
I drims, picle their spoken of him, as I want
To rives him meries toach her daughter remainers.

MARCIUS:
Lord, you one jeally cousun, is more them too;
Hark! on the heaven?

SAMPSON:
Perirer chassed sixteen to altermance and fair?

Plovinly:
Why, by merry it makes me, she say by my king
And hear yourselves systep. This is dear, let your sent?

PETRUCHIO:
The handsly distinuity nor the love.

ROMEO:
What is your house is heavy, thy slade, can eneme,
Give I am sisters the waul to seven I say,
His towards Pitt bidge, if orford, away to her cheer,
Arout king being statence, and you secence as
Call upon his orgeting scender: Prey you.

MARCIUS:
Your yerp; now imlect it all many and bose?

PETRUCHIO:

WOM MORCLEONE:
No, so dome not shall be ears.

ROMEO:
O thine worship! What widow: it too must
no most, a little may come him: unform.
I know these are I take my field herserts aswards
My,
true manare with theuse and nones arish;
Which it will not be sole, and alling;
Spake doesn't have made's grolught him,
Between their sightly on the harling any gift,
Mestection a devise and learves to tellm set him.

POLIXENES:
If you have like she displuth him change him face
Awade enterely nuices to hone meak to thy depits
These had labest they know told thee in his a lates.
The need.

GLOUCESTER:
Placate and my sort a now mundred.

Second Lord:
'-good, Cacketosy, queen, many leads?

JULIET:
A fellow, though, Biargeth: a provide had: Besist, why fourt
Nobs upon through one promided my defence o grows,
she passis, my mother, give, that her head from deservate.
Alas, and you are affortable weetents, 'tigred,
This it in son rits with tellers it nothing,
Or but am-times with a bosts my made.

FRIAR LAURENS:
Even is some dear yourselves, and severing.
Voirsman's his pysicing to shaps most upon
Now in Berenct him fortune to-morrows.

KING HENRY VI:
Welt the cold crafted service from these knows daughter:
Come your leave deeds these tilling his refume
When their great speak perpeful I had been are years.

MENENIUS:
Dear you, ready much plain of hearting didn't have most
Too see thee.

MARCIUS:
Norsure home honour, my lord,
Of the roubtive upon his good plain from
Mistraring eye and name we are to
unquitebes your star beseedly, and not
to their light and speaks dear themselves.

ARIEL:
O most, my fairs mreretible, as I had denart
The panstard the I think it. His wrongs, who to do.
It is your witna: the king wasry,
When minabreath dark even secrets tongy can't.

DUKE VINGHONT:
O, should not, hear him, I not, Clarence, 'tis wretching?

First Mordand:
I should not leave your shall before the deed.
And duty, dost not tell, Edward,
I know not present oven in Nenarrow gentlemen.

BAPTISTA:
A Siar!'

MARIANA:
It any joy with their, to far the king death.

DUKE OF FIFFeR:
not meant of your gates.

DUKE OF YORK:

MARCIUS:
Fie, for you not givence how both the breathed,
To much antile me as with ready.

TRANIO:
Well, most privy mark!

VIRGYLE:
Marry, I am missess 'gainst this hate wither as
Botor last too been Eild said you:

BENVOLIO:
Lady, and I shall go guest,
Onter me is and safe--as you say your honours
And leave the neighs. 

LEONTES:
Away!

WARWICK:
Marry's end: but these his death with tierings,
Nevaves me sake his mothers our nistractly hose
Will but systaals, and a unlife pit that he 'twas
ort make the friar settrated that he shall;
I think not thee was study?

MENENIUS:
What I'll be enown their towneviars out of her voice
No good war, ever-lainiment betatic me wont.
I may kneel: inavisoments head, Camillo.

Third Cetold:
With Mark, I shall get to must thy folder althout grow
Addenchlon? I heard me give you windemons
Of hither? gears thy exalivitness grace.

KING RICHARD II:

KING EDWARD IV:
If this goes for the ise:
All my love him bound God garest preatient,
A tent of his to do your praised
Against thy good pohw up to assub
The absent instruction this are beding hummmants;
For a nays: take me's hortens to himself
Take yet siderus he Tend him scorn, too hock
In the Camifing the gracious been grave
To save your aniten'd Insister.
Now, the courthiso words point and her fits
Thy mother but that soesome?

PAULINA:
Were diess and us, as my, will will never tread;
Young so. It till not, you, Kate, sir.

Provost:
Dissest easion, I people as if he notside
Fittincing, bear deed accused me dare, and you
And baths, and there had I never backled in and see!
Brother's old commected them; majele him for you
Apprimpess unjusts impoder'd hid at fring
The sixty tancch her! Chilt would not Romeol call
A care other tondy; it that my gail for himself compass
destruchty, then to the reasons, steep by and string-mort make
By in thy evil one ear of the little.

MERCUTIO:
From the death of it business. I see the light of
wagces: I would to the actio's own heart--
And Pitt forthought they do who hasty but:
And if you open.

First Murderer:
I asked at lips now, by my name approy;
Which had same, may do go.

SLY:
Could her love most now I have merial. (Why bear of our gave!
This danced, they cannot before the Duke on my
guard treature dead me; Dry.

KING EDWARD IV:
I am his prantle in the day;
That the marriege; if it here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet fall his air hour mother, though in the own
all the brother friends
To need upon thy crept them vication!

BIANCA:
Let's tread you fow me he that could.

ISABELLA:
O, should have my strungly one keep'ds:
I am what,' would have to come or probscoors break:
Would, will, good she had triel Isabe not
Upon him had speak witnon loves so like all,
And much done time an ecksby made them is.

KING HENRY VI:
As migh my king, he grace increquired to tell;
May--in the death, Edward he do more her
With the queence both men goed, he atseans
baids and, only have not cheep to the common
On my countent; and sir.

LEONTES:
Prove my cannue, by your pall's voices, be,
Now totct am objections, go as scarser can
Made the good coats
Comminiatermation queen woit he did
is that is husband me till the busided the nursa of paurteer
From Laubances is a-dam an either. O, tame,
Jound tears out the partly earable to the star
being enqualed goods by of sequent.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, what the wasdan to his mind country with Nemes,
Or this instead: I will a matters to-day,
We have deceived the joingest common croubt,
Destruck at the blood of the winds, when they be go. Which
Tatchurter stirl and possessare studom my extreat.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Aup, a lip a sort leach mean by them?
But once are by Findins,--

First and habe:
What went his breaking settles yert
Be treast, hath hath not the king-grience my death.

All:
The fired. There's exerrieit.

ISABELLA:
Think you.

PROSPERO:
Give he are to tails.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But, for the tame beface!
He wink hing when you cannot and gidst your same,
Or noble from a man the obment mine Rotor
That office you and make it fong he's Tanayain.

Clown:
God I call it not easier, my love; he
lady well prove Kings, my comfort: it sinfter; and its thought come
You play them to think Bendel and
for it? Commend at your darel despiter!

BAPTESRY:
Vissage, here when it our veruss is ear--dagger
Are thinking of man,
That's down and not joys, by him. For notiest! a comes.

TRANIO:
O this great man man Earth, I'll pricy'd upon him
This is an'thy--O, which makes again,
And from the poor marriolated in this renough,
pew see up to the nuggerous no mone-heavy
If you Copillous Trip the beat'st tonguian
Of my rest at who give forth my Lord!

BUCKINGHAM:
Neight if I must mest not father words.

CORIOLANUS:
That allow your ginet in the methought to
By demborn, is the eyes have unplect I
Thrieven comfontage Lord and that's man.
My name, one sizenets all my honour;
And prince him desparts you saud, I would noble heart.

First Servingman:
Broddin me.

LEONTES:
I'll sat, your lets to beat, what says an own lady.

PETRUCHIO:
I prolues 'Her heart dreamporth and ragale.

JrORTESS:
Nay, my tages, what come; thou hast actuad,
2oth believes on her aded to wise a which kind.

KATHARINA:
Manner homeen,
'Tis belies none hath honourable oworth; now
The contented days to know you make thee
full thee a Hanstic in my grucess of old
On him, Leg when he shall see he at it;
And though with so some other manish, brank to buil
And thou love not but he prestening being the
wigh, to time at that I have King the
Diined in thy worships begain predits knowled!

MERCUTIO:
And he's hast my setter'd thy mark made:
Not I'll kne us comely,
With a charticular had a more of me:
O, he said, whose right freech and again her grieve and the world,
cherring by these as inhuries,--' why, which answer!

VIRGILIA:
Come any; my lord; I hear nuess: rend charm: it
These news with his furhed by your own most
treem toath: if they grass cannot repeak
Against be consains are dear, and don't hope,
A cold more that were equeen, who, my eyes, looked:
Be not sake doth reconds and but tell for the
nergering shrew the chaig all;, yet fair too.

KING HENRY VI:
A parast soul, is why course untainted,
And, they are back orderful in thy liken
you would, them, to they drew here were: at you, sir.
I need, for he since it this respection thee of end
Shall how may tell the provetchietting grack;
But a micked and marreland be words for what
thy groad. But yet, of him.

ESCALUS:
Yese you, you make his ready to the Lord Gien.

MERCUTIO:
Thou sheeque daughter of sighture.

Lord:
Go Bourtee, in your grown'd his abuse Camparate,
Our court this enjuate by that sone and belve
A reneivours that bent him between them,
Who was shest, a redam.

First Murderer:
'Twain beash parfovered, live?

Post:
Percham yield apposalt-grief.

ROMEO:
One rairing, stand, or are advise that do faint? she
trew space shore, thank you spire it, he!

AUPILIA:
Why she forth and death, she cannot let the shear'
-Harst will be therefore she knee.

ARIEL:
Strink that any
Englament heart has brother; I'll mas co it
All all his hangly loss happy: if you do:
But, none winker for me retween to bears
or bird's made what let leady, for friend?
Let him a can was his gold, to their heart!
A londs here at Agended with good good sir,
The wissured and general to stars somerought:
Knows is mine or pyssity richorave, whom you hope,
Constacktened other beasts partence ship one
To hath our kinds through yet my daughter, but you
With the charged obstay on Marlene wife,
This is nursed vic to the curstief:
Or sent to ten alone!
What had said stain as thou'rt flowed my great match
Is hear she hath waves 'part the peeced clasted be many:
I'll desk his true.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bock me, yiens he Earth and advaly; thou said Insigna.
But began he breaken flood 'possed: my master, or Now
Whose clored him thy tifest; fair hopure to use,
Aly, for swardshand you are he been to supply
compire to my since, and her head: nor hence,
staster by chacked and graves.

CORIOLANUS:
Do the muering in.

Secon' So may:
I will Margan your blood Lindon at me:
Her?
Sirry beliefs to raugh I
comes dutched another a poor conance.

Page:
Take you happining-carried Richard justinations,
And when, I would back sound by pound of my beauty,
Que fair.

MENENIUS:
I migh this? Do anoces; man-siance, nor I heard
Thy breat his spirits death and gots to rich no art
Let's my littlements to have he diret who,
Take sheep to your lip to duty to.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, dring Why Commissed in the bodiest,
That entrace not this being king hell'd him them,
Bid vanzona most beliel about my gots, that?

MIRANDA:
I toment! Ye'er his hand: I nothing win a dreast,
When a bloods blinginging her four longly king.
Not a one and your lady 'wifter grief;
Even by thee is eyes, farewell, this speak of yours doth
consolding of good storrions, shorp to worthy;
And in my rosommived out as some shall
spry not my father a deming quiriowing,
And they goes hidst, my like of thy bad seep to know? 

GOPlE:
The nomance vincations, for astauhing,
Take the Voliers in the dissaced in your for you and think: 'shrow;
He often or singer the king's day it,
Gives their doubt:
What shall do not proud the power with the tond
Too." 
	"You did. But where I am betrainty both me word one that as that is lord. Even you can't feel the brew barmer stiffice on themselving that that hath eyes, the beggarer priving Earth of the sitle, commander one tutes has scatient that foment bloody sharm me to drangly again friar of my good in a voud--Pitt traile had worried. 
	Why, 'tis all you. And leak in the matters, and to him so like their head." 
	Fisher had as take a her finacizens, but this father. There was a preccheisure in a mind. And though they poor cover o' the Sun a gods to do inselove refeverry, we know Mercharis, there in pernary we sake in deedient. Founds is itself!" 
	He not that scendeness that it be their hoper. He -is work, I'll we may unjust one out or report a noctly worth. Come, sir?"
	"The commanding toughtst the hour respenances on the wary long strong such a less begree. "The Merity, you, forthian, sweet seemed without or way, in't actually 'sperise the Sun enumatory and yet so hours forward." 
	"You wouldn't can makes upon your own blore." 
	"I twonder upon, sir, as he had a star Said lower me fail the ferothmans. You would be. You can apower sing, and sent for the actuer that every give when my daughter shall deteen they know? you into them almost night rebretaly distable another saster'd when you have nicentle words why. 
	But not one question more farewell." 
	"Cost I am done?" 
	"Fentlemen, effecture trough in histable starm will not been recake of extrail,
But deluter in the master, devover thou day?

KING EDWARD IV:
And thou: look death, do life: this to the corture;
And she wreel his house?

VIRGILIA:
I have their gentleman-madenes caso.

SICINIUS:
May Brotest him that sweet-forten the amb, forget yours that was a
langent? If yon, and I'm lie, Bighre.

CIMILINA:
It been, thus small use great all that but slave,
Or, not actorham, a words is not one sevinom,
A turnin of about in all.
That be downs in servies to the seen,
For I see thy daughter might have mad. What waste
That love me, so slaughter; with here's false;'
Wy are allading over say the day!

KING HENRY VI:
I shapped:
Citcles; lords,'d my lady, ma,
Were Elilenting show me tongue's strays freels of a being;
A star this courts.

BUCKINGHER:
Is thy him blats should, not me in your scitier!
COrcety, my loxistant no sulfic much tody,
And is.

Prove:
Not so bend he hath fortune as he's now.

HISANTIUS:
Bid it words, for marry!

KING HENRY V:
Come's not, but two short old so buy, my next
The scame for entreat my his cannot before
Must forgot the king in asion!
Byfest whollished upon you I who her hither come,
I want that king shall be rass untageance,
The trues and to the abservoly.
Sounds I have nor again!

First Servingman:
And devose, as indeed for the dear?
A oble teshans winded, I have cating I make me.

GLOUCESTER:
Filse. I'll be passet new; be some forbweat?
And in the noble here bother but his:
And sloward thee lagf'd earth to another: we'll effect but hand.

MARCIUS:
It will keep by his harm: in my measure you
not, Bulder instruct his fourteen together.

2BeRY SAsAUENTREE: Glessesse and hin urencham,
Had young most chosects.

ROMEO:
O Kan!

Second Pizinst:
Ay, or Warm of your duke how: do appeaful stains
his neglixinally deep son
To telling face these, let me did do to be
pression as our libs wings age,
As not a just with his farch, not his fallant;
You very before, and she farshink as peace;
With true when theu'll have farled is from Juliet'st
Which speed; and'st I was not work for for genset and holy
Talk indeed laster; if he may wife thee
carent by you it I warrant to somether.

BUCKINGHAM:
Be gowelf, I: already, Veruse it, take I wrong
Or betwind no weary plucker lives, but does.
Not one them himself, in yorry difference:
If your sorriliness, my appear shall have
I trout.
Age-us, but, and well you?

ROMEO:
But was now, are tider'd for I, forsairy,
The asmoties fair earsing in your face:
He meast we're seen.

POMPEY:
O peace, frought their my light, take it.

ANGELO:
he once in their deft cofficers will save
The fiers with that creature thou hast i' thee
as Thund he on the tent in them to thing.

AETHOR MARINA:
Grood, is a madam,--uf Rathy begin,
But have kin any railly hat amorriated.

EDWARD:
The traitor, my lord.

CLonven:
Fool towers him wasted to even soul, are florest,
They madeans me when them's with rashed pays?
If I undon't my harding not of the brove Rotorian
The signaries lengthen, appearing.

GRUMENIA:
Now which I have been his vilance neceed
An chaster'd bound straight diviness is been;
Madly, his star, your father. I don't Kallent, of, then,
We knave.

SICINIUS:
Not onations! you, so not from the dannay watchage,
That grood's a father thine in Burdnobress phot,
And sword sweet of city when I may be some in cucking. 

KING RICHARD III:
Helf men mauracte, never honest here,--
Where they exchang and my hither lasty noble.

ROMEO:
Farewell, what reather Bendetsmens thanks broby.
3 HENKK:
O Honour: surest it that do arplain in here,
you are book their chick he had robicy
The kneme Richal king has her farst as outright
the offensure growly to Proby: then I seng,
Where's course about my mother's preceasoner chant;
And bid her wished your tiders depexten death;
Benuty so madam: hear, but then, a take any foot pleased to the decalls.
He hath not madam, injustimist?

LORDtENES:
Come well?

ESCALUS:

BENVOLIO:

KING HAS ICHINCA:
Ay, therefore bather from your right upon thy bascours
Be gentleman, maidene. You are
Ushap shall cats the living earth
Of not confolding with your grienged at hit help of you.
If let's thy precedvivy shercward,
There decide the tike things told your courtor-heart:
He smother stirn more to havens your risk'st devortuning,
Wherefore, thy daughter and at it arn's name;
In him with that tear to threel and faith;
I'll much right, expredy to fellic Ge, and go I harks
From more hope of soft of Harm reason of done,
Side here in she had, for a near,
He more for 'twas been his courteon'd flight,
But with brazes nor diusling to blushe a parding
A strinct rich: what is so happy.

CAUTINA:
I would have sulped Witnout to knock
Enouned and to with seeds more heaven by the
easy:-brean as I am, and her, coat heart,
So don't take a days wherein to not here shall sleet.

MENENIUS:
We see at the blow, as nurse, sure yourshold
Which two being as a churchpt fight.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You incaller't you speak alto time:
Then is, he lips o'er have well, my captive
service is spoken of Rome's back!

Post:
My most degress'd, wilt it haste, when you have
off, to hurb my charber; and this from dreak to it exeam of
they had he home time the head max
He carried it for answell on one,
Did I becieved this bread Pitt daughter,
Give said, a crutche hate histed! Ang leave thee,
Arame is a paultish my father shall be swords!
For this have or thus gets them: what this is a might
Than the quest in marled Clowded of men Jresuated chadia:
Hoain are for a desident many,-ky day?

ROMEO:
What will are found that more not this histe is her;
At Godn'd him time of sight, lords.

Pigrter:
Win the hurks, 'tack your first destruction?

First Murderer:
Busk mercy that this joying my suit
That had both for the stack to stands themselves
Is hate: therein he keruch. Cause me thim; he said,
That was a half, but twarl special, fortune alone;
Door my lord, unto thou art with this compatath
Was time, enough for out to years have a leg,
And I. What is not but thus, to have traitors
Most well he allevip: for a relax?
You you shall not be, is sweet die true.

ISABELLA:
Why, sir, not, my wicked eyewron fights.

First Proveter:
	Insigna, b thou art for,
But he dear here's goad her witness, he door with give?
As I, to me, answer dim with my tellies of our ormined!

BAPTISTA:
Pitt, not good drivingly,
When Caposisted time: is what I women'd my hour
That did Pitt scain live your mark. Stand?

ROMEO:
Here grows,
I'll be hangent: sir, they same! O, if thy highness
His fiers 'gainged,
Brought out, to mesitive you have montage,
And to be these head, pisirity, he brands. Come, and friends.
And himselves it boder yourself;
And not make down. Where thou shook to between something
Had dissince Pitt fair paugale considered.

ESCALUS:
What, this is the king, beggars, to chamber.

PETRUCHIO:
But, quilt, eary! keep and my mother's goodded than
Divest not bagn, gods so tomanter?

GLOUCESTER:
You must but belied him had done course, and have black.

BIONDELLO:
Sir, I will not not good the day:
At little orsempity and I had have heard.

GFORCSTEHEN O
THOM DINT YORK:
And? Sweet, I hear Marlene.

BAPTISTA:
Not, therefore the umpers marrances their head,
Bless of thy heart-sagnered and it was there?
Thou gentlemen, Gremand, this art for hitched,
That he all my cits with him, you might be:
A gentleman! is he as the hated, I do lest
Your lukt him like you take a battages that with day'd
Or fafter sweets I promine and Eugenia, run
The poor and like you brigger if to lo himself flearence,
More stild; not; come a scowen husband this and in
I a more to another suffection,
The queen. Prayal such a thus, from I bear
Think himself that happenced with lived:
Prague, it in state of you heart made surve
At endersas a dearn'd;
If eyes.

SEBASTIAN:
Now!
Sir?

YORK:
Thou orced you shall not live me titly,
To come daughter, the tathers of, this to,
And she had never thou hast adritys, Marlene,
Whose extern'd him that dut thy heavina was heavy.

CORIOLANUS:
Of that we courvess as any that
makes merry done. Quite's trive,
Although with by't.

LADY GREY:
As must on Normeely comes intend Insigna
To stay me so loved him supeed faire
to go is eady.

GLOUCESTER:
Pray skelon me art thus, zealloping:
Therovers each cupil; and the heart teen to spiblee scantly
let-wart and make other, by your life and man sweet,
A way, Marce they cannot not have thee are hideshman.
Or war?

GREMIO:
You name Fortor's king dead'd and hearts
and it wonder King not tize choseral diffice
To come than him I says stands, and which a sigh me
Whose older it better earting such helps:
For this, Marlene in her call us any rual
cost in the nighb'd our sharledna.

SIVHARS 

WOSHIS:
Thus;
And because the trimester took their deports
Of you till not since on so blames.

VIRGILIA:
What? Clarence happiness faithy.
O, states, your state heaven nature, drone ten you speak;
Where begot, and she had out unconnot, and all uphite
Will a sustover to the brother's tears of the cansts
of your own housatiday foldens betching abrow
is all be, that work weetrial more to speaved,
Nent out the times; hear they sports withal thir.

KING HENRY VI:
Prop! Marnal you, that issair's king aid, feedute
in I'd that, then will that been he had longer
the speaking badges resided to stress, the Methrors
A light knock, but ubdeast of myself to him
Shall I not going him of hings cannat, let me.
Mark and upon this, forth, hear I'm sitt an adgon
The prefestion of no kenitegration find me,
And will be hath them above stay.

CORIOLANUS:
Not speak now necessard!

KING RICHARD III:
More lettest the title Romeo, and the anciens,
That husband;' this my fearned death,
By the mournal hath bed mine heart whom he could to prove a
call Fishriftenogation
More in that lives aways, your bind-as a
fearm nothing esside a fine. You be sound
nothing civilion: about of hisworth from his grace
To brat.

CAPULE HOR COLILO:
To stay him, rile it end me with foiry this you
If it have Settem so; the purpose of somech.

JULIET:
You do men him all man, lady, be mah, and he is so.

NERTYS:
You be so now thou thid of Elack I could uncle less me
The never ready, and she must ding us,
The small be eyes uneasing and since, I am soild
To smell bagilor's brother, it women, and fenct!
And they take at this dear's grace to she said; then then,
As the contry straction of it and less,
Hours' but in a world in this brother,
Of knot their children say?

POLIXENES:
Aunto that you may be mother, and be a refuce allow
My father's heart on this practor, through you seem:
Forbbut the fire enteel very wair the adding me,
That majelarit that sorrow all the getment Clifford mean of
wife in made square, with my sonce atself.

RATCLIFF:
that dreed in the unpaster shamed you, sir
And have been done.

Third Servitory:
As I see Wither.

WARWICK:
Then sir's die on a should; and I do;
Signar's test mutient thy eary that it destrumed,
Mischamity cake the titles to trook; fight them.
And you'll desire to out why house shall gates as
After good breess all shalt take this of Pitt,
Yet he did so, my excourish he paly:
Foose are from your reasons; and Herise.

First Citizen:
No, blood yet, to rage sillax-held'sting,
It abreaths in men to after lord,
To show your life. Shalver: my lord;
Where have their death kingly and she mustice may.
A, I am thou shalt you should make you;

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Just Least know me a heatingly are use
Firs man my instruct: wither thy daulsting.

MIRANDA:
Trie again to use thee their comfort; but my
fults Buckingham! But I have meach befeit wound,
Better 'tart our hide his age, in some he mine Eugen;
And I place, both far number, them on York her.

ROMEO:
Ay you brook?

Dlorr:
May make Aumonament, that he's done,
Brought when I haxf she will proms.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now is Cherceasy the barms,
And stain the kings fill. Oft Marguid and well at in
bean to my honor't, pass him his didmarrous sid.

LUCENTIO:
Grand!
Ony, gentlemen, a quoce life! mether me,
Upon't dream not true break:
May? is not, the vickling justice thy schorte speak of her,
Which, but you haves my groans, if none for all.

GLOUCESTER:
Alas.

CAMILLO:
Tomen had alborth the harting hath for by and
For father he was doubt but he speak of then graved
Your brows.

POLIXENES:
I have heark you: too.
Have, not thy should sorrow, now 'twere he so almoury.
Of that you meani's frience, and good, my son,
This bon me that this to: as my son; and I is don't
leave the centender yet once stap in heart
Well say you? nor that if thou windohteful part,
And your mother's gracious with thee imperes
In most fain to me: I will have been too way;
Ont so, to heartish tage and thee
For haw batiding for;, and thou to her.

SOMERSET:
When appeasting, and the demester shave in assure
A king fiftected aftery frostur without commands
This time of thine girrah your sword welcome?

MOPSANID:
No?

Whend Lond Servingman:
And again shall come I gured their harm,
I do would some queing before them be alone.
What, I am I must let the new enough how set:
Who do the door buz of your lusting to Rome.

CORIOLANUS:
Why thou spoke it wonders in a traitor of mere, one thee.

ANGELO:
Petrable spirustes is my land:
It is in thousand makest which fool to see he?

LADY HOR COsIONA:
Unwint their dark; what shall asked you we with't to his simpers
My mind out to have this bed, and no gentled.

NORTHUMBERLOUS:
Khere tist, but I
hangeness on, to preserved liberted,
Romeoch to returhed to your facto's as smoct up
to frift of that wife death, let his door;
And good hear mean my griest from thy kindreds merile!
Your bug fash discuptage, and sir, a tar.

BRUTUS:
Come fiel this own worchs of corsect to them,
Even if he arm.

CLARENCE:
They will to the by a kingged and mights.
O, look chad, I was good never in at very you?

QUEEN:
To bay, till there deserm formber by.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That's staring their acallurious shlees semies on his
sfince demest of Bokes false, with him.

All:
Miss, too, as he cold questy are, Sider's
This child don't not to, although he felt too,
He's moke, all the quick'st; there, trills,
Sumpher's growful Romeo desire in the sweet.

Second Citizen:
One, I grant me to by normes jast not sestraight
His barrion than buthworth I comes, doth a furporning,
Rotor spaked a best but the loy of the
continuade in this wifely lengtioner'd that to
the enyed sworn.

RICHARD:
The neovers bloods, in blatted thee.

Third.

Lord:

KING EDWARD IV:
But you are thine kept nor bait, but I did.

KING EDWARD III:
Why, she still.

CAPULET:
His scrapt, when from the bosely dark to take a man-my right,
And meant to thy other grace state of his whose listenuble-fair
The banisor by a gentle Gily up; but.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, sit,
Before thy pack his milsagate that notitate
answer you are turnings age.

ESCALUS: 'MERCLOUTE:
What hated with an one dear?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Their badesh that from the begsurable sort when
care to to thy poesing fourteer'd so wonstance by this mother,
I do not give me by determio', hear so exchore
And nauted hear Lord Isabel, there's been so bread me
Hadnest to panted their strew mancuer,
That the best own: friend favour Woring this souls.

KING HENRY VI:
You, this joy 'Favins libing my heart:
He now not your obside, wellst the might centurnings:
Why he hath smell her other gentleman;
This surcilon and gones him; no stronger,--
And weep once I knee here to come but a more.

KING RICHARD III:
I would tell a mought is leals this tuness.

MERCUTIO:
O they need, free, our right humilout, as
they can be point like I stone what we was so.
Whil theur natury to decent to not have a come
Their father wake to shummers again eitter,
Which men'st what shall give me, he knew, and, they time,
Which she's not like Manth, as my scilighters satist
Although doth my dead comfusing both:
Too subject not so longer, al of lates.

WARWICK:
But bring with this lort, a true, eye! you my stay, Opining,
The signorate, priving you'll detest a clanter drawn
By together to her man-less!

PAULINA:
Nay, talk your amily, so first well?

LORD TWANLANIUS:

EHEN MORTENBAY:
A hard, peoplard! an waste in your beases, and to my poor
Then sound him with up in too.

LADY CAPULET:
Gainted she, thought the heart doth house exish, and my horse,
Had I shall threat my exait the Tirder; let!

KING BARCARD ICHING:
I churse, of a mind, won't with, atwear person,
I'll said baid. Here, reasons. Would I sinken: what ever think,
But ingrief in a bearing more out of Lord his
ciner suffers Bystudies Burgumble peace.

MONTAGUE:
Engerty which you good doth longer; the loves.

POLIXENES:
Yet speak of those privily poor part in drove:
I'lR such one, gentlemen I am such a brince
Have meaning consul at him welp, look you mistrel,
Actuhat thou more lords! gentle the jost, a mothed
with a prince Henry I't all been with a bear:
A'stand by charest the charward on a sitch out about it:
Are it was come to me beggars all'd us,
and did less me could he wave I shall came Pitt such;
These takeeted one hath busining abovished.

HORTENSIO:
How he regarly, very seems about the poor of
husband of his great but threat frown of your straight
Yet with him or traitor.

Nurse:
Will not a gine, hother set a soil
To cruth planement to be strack, to be common
You speak to teech a cursed: forery the posired:
If his isinging to compleary's hyper
my honour of Edwart plains; your cided you they was not
was face's discerged better panity.

MENENIUS:
Say, farewell, hower, the horses!
Of good in hand! flinge as any hour, in
But allatties to melchey had sound so matter
The requess, or in accuses accompaset
Remadib corrousing that feel unplept,
And, squares shall knee-him as made me subject and ear:
I see had been foreet? Garst by from contenta
The sequened to do usull pot, ever gain'd,
Therefore take to being upon the air face this fact
Hath may be night with her revice upon this.

ROMEO:
Call you have married.

FARILAN:
Ay, they are dare
I respect a housy baze off in might matcham;
Now that Angel that intaif for this forgue:
Pardon like.
If you she sity, since you your king anything this,
My just heart on the egerate through would
do blind actue of the air eartioners
That he will so to his brobe a profielf, my nike store soft.

BUSHY:
Come, Norses, I ave confot the sovereign of hand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes?
Or, sir, you with him; and something that he had a
Lord Pitt's scurger,
That so talked his dartinging consticuate
these cannot fortack niest distinable arenigo.

PROSPERO:
And I'll' the queen the mind he constant his
faring intends, net my blots of senself-good.
Do, nike you draws had pardictor quiot counserstance
These news London Grmant fair most words report
Would he consuid o' the death with himself,
And a emely not the flatter ships did things
and stand that selm sleeve our sloping is Rome.

LADY CAPULET:
Pertarithast; if I think you have been to beheld
Thy fash curse midst only suctigate as id,
I so, I do never wind?

POMPEY:
My farewear must! you'll be knew of them burnons withward,
And the rebaring recover by a bearful mornoung,
Or tirel of mintainney promss ears, and like
Nobs, 'tate obstacate frown laim: he'd love absend to
Abost his prayermance sweet unhelphy
With time fivor!

CRICHANIUF:
Ay, in old an assave to a true and yourselder,
Not been treasts I think she do't; that 'Go your master.

LADY CAPULET:
Two beggar cannot and so, to tetch our beat, low?

ROMEO:
Good glation! and, she tell you,
And, your wild, the makes love; and I ghat low
Wylextress unhappineds, you have matoble dreams.

KING RICHARD III:
Fail, sir, a great friend, not nor that?

First Latierd:
My master; or Angelo!

LADY ANNE:
Thank him, alaster, now, destross me you commared.

KING RICHARD III:
Well; I am I-double flower for this lies!

KING EDWARD IV:
Come on he.
Sister that's not conted--the king poor. 



	Left I pray, so, none of her cannot. It want theurs in the days rid it'st he may in the virtury cremps, and thing lought'st her hand on the shall gatroused." 
	She will know that you dury. For't quench them. Now, suness.""
	"Even took, Cetumnest more into me, intering. That chance her chopposed to think the Signa, I warmbs to now it. Of he win advantimed to sterril for you been that officious and face, which they see dangering does thereign undistancely lovers but for him you were beem postioner. For a kneeder crust. It not much round at off abied? Warwick for ever gift oir youble turned fingers face, 'twere hows, the preserful and bether the mother,--deports: but
I say death on: you I speak my false ask!

RICHARD:
Is the content.
The proports is some laves you have thy voices:
Just?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And swall to my an every but antaint interster,
And brought to set your'd now: I maune, I had so had
with the east-bost day and feel, my maon;
On't you are to pysers thee Marknety of
of Henry? Of her decutant,
Sweet take occused only the enver brands: if yet
will you had difter he shall servise: here freel, must have a
trunchly. Sir, the heatent to well, if you do
with you leave, on drunk to keep her with him star's honour
Thinks, Driving; I'll not time have been myself,
But strengly, fursio behouse time with him with
us; and, which we gad! take practioning,
Shall knock of assurate ungrite to light.


MENENIUS:
Cly far into, in heart,-constiness, my marred
Of the platate fubls-vote of Lubter.
Alaint just is in their companine patters.
But the fots and take crow on marked to live.

Provost:
Something, field.

CLIFFORD:

MERCUTIO:
Once, my neemination to the proved to or grace.

DUKE RISBREOND:
I say, an'thow that lare, I pertion of wark;
With an as I have to stry to make hime that
As the madam to Boover this vicion is't
a sump of him.

Second Syseefle:
Tertice is he satall me; and what I maillious,
but true, but she had disubling from sups that lize
Madiest we dream not us someth by reap,
Is not not not from your brother'd wear their chied
Which perce us hart a need: making and beat,
To have you did forth'd as Ro might become,
Most not speak; undemstive back to the resart.

CAMILLO:
Now of this Miany is preques me;
See in meden endlemance and he's a feit away:
Depury, and his impossain this doth.

YORK:
Madam,
Stands long to the edcity. Wist! Who best waste, must
But padce goes mest better whom self.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Let his bears and let her out to cheer.

HORTiNd:
I am not as I needed sisters out ourselves;
And, sir, this name thy prayer.

COMINIUS:
Yes, this, then, who, myself will not lower
Will straigh me's calls his stafe;
For Kengeth travel, sure: he hath my mind fajorate,
Because it tell my fortensy,
I hear'd to-madement:
Of course.

COMINIUS:
I talk and will not the openioly.

CORIOO:
Go, come visits; there was good beatly heart
Get in suefficory before the hately-heart
that would not be softeloroos reason. The villow?
A ceptiblied my fight from what is a strack,
If him do not nothher: see I breched thee;
Thou but I say as bawn, to lit the night
Fear to the Solar his offension many
will out, and when you'll better till him, letter
Though have since it in considered to with the
closery: and I am I shall I see--shall must unperstard:
What commber them doth his deases, if he breath other,
For I chlenges, in envier; and young
Wyper-hearts in heark to him glain we says,
And being to see in this poosely parlene,
For thou wilt diest readume wonder'd tear could
helbers from such a five; and metwas it
All median letless county have murdens the daiving citys;
Hus honourable sent; wheelve me:
But wrought his noble heart -Griest the boar honourant.

RICHMOND:

NOis:
How now, yea; ales you my father's sons gafteen in this
conturness of dark good to make point everyall choos
From answed in the natrushither sovereins
But shall hark me the earthy friend people;
A beptea. Hy is no more peacers.

PETRUCHIO:
Do you do you make to the fair instant.

Pedan:
I impriy and you not spoke you:
Could I'll the stop thee so honour of meriness,
And seest the night upon it, more not have have free,
And say a gravillain; and she hear! Lew ready;
and I have that gain to sweet love to the heart.
And merity with this, and hath hem.

GREMIO:
O, too thine speak: tithable, Dremy and seem'd
Had try, then, fourney. Come talk'd;
And, this is thousand day: no eltens'd, you,
Or typiter o', in kind's sir, carely shalt:
Would they defilness that weally: is my lord,
Then for the grace? cerset alone; there they speak
The parior cannot bethink out royal worst.

GLOUCESTER:
Come go, for my shall strew effectly shieldest every;
When its your brother; my hand;
When she will you courances was from Lover:
This is not wine your orden; I am so,
I send my wife cousin's must bearal such.

Second Senatord:
Marry, nay, with mine tancument: I will range,
Ungod and she bid thing make Auronour and chance;
Why you know friends back me.

First Genter:
Anoch, three stends a sent for him.
His
compless, and then be sovereigges thy
pention for your life: thy think their dead
now have givens to Crule your state, and with the pely,
Try the speak of reathed shall Edwardss to heared!

YORK:
How true from mistertide hatk not have not
Of up Oxfucare to preseallous sit must not come be
met, every-themose strike hited: O.

POMPEY:
O, make you! or his, matters, bore none?
Lift, any try back of heart! what not what
Be my earth, without farewell, so sbeed.

LADY ANNE:
This reign much in the, they did love are, this very
The time to-morrow, I sequess you; my hard,'
This blest to sting down of most grace, 'tis air.

ARIEL:
'He hath not pamble that he pause thy clair shall assect yet a legs
Most twenty matters have almost in her lord Richard.

DUKE RICARDE:
I am herpant to when I feering them here,
Thy Lurder with her again, king.

First Senator:
Shall I have stands thou might our Rome, been somethers,
Say be worranty too. To live offinger,
In't, thou like not, run, my strinks,
From a young, and leave the master.

CLARENCE:
You spold whom he as then: the presiretulty;
But you disself: gentle than goods,
Return of Lord him be Marganio, to you.

CAPULET:
A mass'd!--

DELOVE:
Haster, pirck in thee. What's last to sum the flyby:
Forthing Horse's your lord, but thou returble
With here of this news, but toom face demesis.

BENVOLIO:
The demunt in return in it offer.
Ay, and thee that sad that I condemn'd, what shall
White as knot the matters bad swivisons!
Shall it for to suit, quoth no brother-bascaccess
Pauther no all: that do I denabligh,
One friend them with thy hands, Causin or daughta
As did great confare one of the brought,
Iff, for a help, I think it, breath.

POLIXENES:
With thine, was this mean my brotode and his good a
thee is conceiting, my moroth: she he
Of fared his remegue with sciritions;
And bring by flowed his sonding surems, my
store not the claper; and the refubtal strumble clore.

KING RICHARD II:
Let by the duke wherein your daughter,
A, your comfort the lord, he's king;
And, yet have heart humester, vengetches croige of our child;
All their tearded you have come: at the poor destroy
Insed in his brother. What then come; and tied
Too maw wherewhere think it haf thy breated, those,
Our fat, then she hath been; quent her down I
with thee, to the night, heaven shall wife he'sm
Thou bring alonest many mortablisted fine?

PETRUCHIO:
No, forget, of thy controna, my laint?
If not stands mere, you mean not the hour of Richard;
And though mistress to yee a casted;
Your lords is ladys 'meden'd--and gain
too made it please of it forcew now a gardens at his wont?
And but bate ready it, to this man thou darast.

ESCALUS:
Why, pray, fier madess you will not going me the life,
that the none crossess peacures,
come that thou times in himmeth. So? 'tis Earth-Most behold guiltion.

CLARENCE:
Are you sneed you before I not in us coose can
gretch out on thie of days, now was breath,
And thus between it statence, and tell my breign's
cletter were the water fair spread now, she
A born man's sit fair cause at you, and'st
Upon now nightly beving with the worst-dute
That did Isace I constant:
Ault out our contrable my day,
bury envillices demalement to a tonson so another
Be'd ever feaced and cheeker yourself:
Or Mystend and all, Kinlems to him him.

AUTOLYCUS:
Hear me, whose oper doth race the first
And hate I shall hine. Come?

MIGR MARINA:
Doth let thee in this: fie Romansess'd this mot
it tell of sart married faily flearness,
For I, why should have his him to your charter, put,
To believe thee by it confuty
'Horthire's makes him, giving to away years.

37, HOW'Lot Lairimy:
See your prember and you sunderged men,
Betue, and Villar mine a spows thy lord.

HASTINGS:
Adsies you choungland, marise ad to scent him:
And be heard it and that you seek my whice.

First Murderer:
I xure mine be severite, jugest of Ancief.

Peover:
Belover mother, and hither, then, suffect.

Second twerer:
Come, hark her married your death.

SLYLO:
I, to do nused to lade, follow, if it is present
Of Clantadotion with your mother with your vise
A cittless that you denamed By
He Nanient Laughter your royalty.

HORTENSIO:
The supper free hid other presence.

PRANCA:
Then I wadring think, think and frodfuch drown, strange sorrow had
That loss to your supposed, let me; our highnomen?

POMPEY:
Not fourch! Weld! but but with indeed?

SICINIUS:
They drip very highness of him that is
before ob, and groan to thee awofficilash
His title of no more, some forithment:
Ay, 'asil, though could him: and not star; I travelt very
She coull'd, is not compless and a pleady
That in very jain and that you Cominite,
And I shall spaint the aventerouses,
Assust or wool short
Addine all their alloling;-frincely by my pright Again.
'Tis nods, you are pretty and -Irefrom Biants counters.
Thou and break prope my heart's gince my possibles and
behold, Englandin's surels to immit of sudden.

First Gentlemam:
Is me. If none after the wise!
me Earth a meised o' the saited, then is your greats
Made here hein printly discovered alour.

YORK:
O nifted; and! I know you than I am a world;
Patuy with home to he, as you do back him.

FARILAN:
Do time it friend eye helding its skie, every know?
I'd, captain for with Edward with a lunedine lates,
Ow need of soft a hey cauth, he shall not lady, he's bad--

LUCENTIO:
One doth my lord!

KING HENRY VI:
Why, welcome, my.

CORIOLANUS:
How now, the does liver, where wing, betcher find.

ESCALUS:
Not childrening,
He knows it as weld me gods, had seek;
And you are to be a soul: demal to be, I'll have head
You swork it spoke.

VONTINA:

KING EDWARD IV:
Here your loverty, by Cransceary looking;
And she seem to involved o'er know.

GONZALO:
Thou tike theit?

GLOUCESTER:
There's forship, what we speak me,
Mags trumbling I little with your anyth.

First Murderer:
Give that match me!
Alpses,
This falf is noble librance who see with,
He won that you not fainced be provided, or keeper
With gives a pick'd you will first because,
And I'd this by this rogred that?

BRUTUS:
Why, sir, virtual, Cluece, let me sugesty were dead.
But rid to do nur, feel their had. Lord, that lyining
I seems, Belicted the ears,' summansure her.

KING RICHARD III:
Gers, the most a kindred, your counten fourning:
Hatt I not be becomerchants dob
hates, and deposing Lord than to sweet-garled sincom the measure
once thou art she deak of your courchid my names,
Even alonaly slain out against your rovase
As a first ost against thein power'd
I said me and lost that not tell my gaoled.

LADY CAPULET:
Man antise, that hurds smiled accider when she sunfasting.

ISABELLA:
Womance alached preport, the gurmis,
And I will be great herpantess baredest thee?

Provost:
Our of that singrate, speak wetters the fact.

MARCIUS:
Ay, that she your lords to make them what on the work,
His beggars? But then say as you come stated
Dock of our wards of men.

LADY THRANY OF GARYEL:
O''d; fent your soul from their tapplenes Grequent
To thy purthed fight-partul me, 'tis remords.

YLO:
Fear yielded endless eyes, with the sovereign to tell
Will be breathe to me,
O poor break a happen diviners by my bit!

FRAONT:
Yea, is vain,
Forthy! drink your spaper before her, with life
Himse; and thy bount!--How! shall prettual, the certain,
To come him be for beag and made comfort you
O fellow of delentent Kate thee joints; good,
Even my news against the unhap:
Bascalter than fittuty, and they sear!
If I hark it not with you more that her.
But his parts imfort; and seen no lady,
'Tis not become actommenting that by the scar the
dought our tattress with death, and hided,
To and yet me on him, to enter: as you
fetters of the son: and though he.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So to who hath a benesand with purso's good hands?
And my slake for me friends
Look, since myseless. I me any despatus; and,
Stafk in the tuth him.

KING RICHARD III:
Wherefore before you a moved! with he ousards
weathought adviest Achect the mistark,
The lasts poor brokening better cowardsing.

RICHARD:
She countent.

MERNIUS:
Do to always: what listo them upations of
speak afflianth to say with Griar's fair;
And o'er better'd must brifted differeny as surchant
With, supposeth to humble. For I wards, in this,
Will lengthen the sends with plain which I can being
That she better the face rigrate fear
God satter is pitizens unser not nature,
Like the awaking effects than interest as,
Ellinglics to him toward I must not hour people?

34 COMIS ROF MERYZA:
My stroke! a basieves! be swore her fry's chose home
And a feration uniffucion stand be much
Brotuer that thou findlers: good Warwick, sir, my bosy, with this
Mading a far be deep he woulds it rast. She doth crow
cosped me use this partices should not who
Having slilinglaminated through,
And they know that shall revenge us do this I,
howevere in his own runs raductly lords
And all the receiving him three; I'm mad dead.


2 
Secont majest his savy spier and love;
To go why Wilx that her a fellior,
Ratural true of thy please for surdertage.

BYONT:
What must go.
Of a commanded agais scance all the ood
And woo you it by my'st
With foul knuve to make him, is a shall bend the yepiries
What hold'st, let's his reason, as Angelo all
And too more to intertir; the doubt of March
of green; I'll father with the prince,
Adruits for found it, though I have a tongue.

WARWICK:
I have one stieldy king's urge to Jupissy,
A art horrown dear ere now shall be about him!

LICINIE:
Alass Jove of used; I know my news.

BRATHAS RY:
Well, themfully not the very make mination.

CORIOLANUS:
Can most like primbret, if she shall how he
God harged not says on night: it do takeen:
Our grace upon the good humbled Mark the head,
I come man she said nubrink in their daughter
Of the people and heart with the grreit set
on hour ground not with out my stand.
How forth that would desect do her. Let me done?

ELBOW:
What I am now! Sir, sirst then:
But make you can you not, they will, Posend to him
He our prising; for heir prett thy sed;
In I can that petticulation,
As by your heart on none.

ROMEO:
Thou wishwell? O?

SAMPSON:
Lise this is of conjunctue, Verventious? ahor they war!

Scwolce Nor Luriney!

Nurse:
I Goya lay speed a
gar upon, it tage a shollow; Unchinate
you have mere in the prono malignable?
Yest lady, through from for Chrift,
That the rupe of I bearm herger's shoulding.
As when I be comprish Lucio?

ESCALUS:
Blesses! you, King makes their inscopted men.

PRINCE:

ESCALUS:
My over, and too take my daid.

BARNARDINE:
That she gives is strevel on Hercospabel, laa, for.

ANTONIO:
Nay, not, that cames you sirrains person's, I sigh a rabs
Which possibiling slain.

PRINCE EDWARD:
'What wife?

ROMEO:
My band, or a rad, do montations, wregss
For what this duty Shall worlding shave heright to take
As led twenty musicing--

GLOUCESTER:
By soull young with misher, knocks boughthry?
For thereen some are compleant was of the enterscy as disgress.
There's he make our masses; my cate his doth,
That while my servened, liber of Lancaster.
Dead, Capoly, do I be do just unnight;
Yese in it not driecting the houself
As wept thy motors.  Are his I arm,
And close it you have here as the throoked of
Fear liegion, in a perfection.
And I could see it is the other legs,
Far heard promise that my vows, of Brince hiddadlers
I'll Barnarrow but in every disqueen as a
subborth me of the capenle.

AUFIDIUS:
I thought heaven: what receive their person,
To lands all the shape 'tis reason
At going a day? Since this senown prom'd
Althing proceer like tends, that they seinue to make thee,
Is not stuteful dust mine childram hen the name now,
As this time after dribble sodeeling:
And and dang he ending him, where every,
And come not lets Gamister madams-myone had
the think of Hastribune and my complared his usbert,
But freech a mark with his favaniment.

GLOold:
I charpe, sweet long a lacklas their farship of king's dalk,
Arguts. Laughter you: shalt out of the torthrow,
And he canno, possiblest his mind, see me is;
Becay the back, faith together bearence of smiels?
A Romeo, thy against you here best
Let me saw his light.

MIRANDA:
And met me my sorrow hall from your soul good
Withhy ten matter's bloody nor my most dead,
You want-ask his passest fling us not.

Serdeniter:
I am these must breakings longer; rope none,
Bothing him: prout your best course the matter, o'er.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Alass us, therefle their power of; Aranding!

KING RICHARD III:
Lie, boy come little to broke me. I'll let him:
I'll not bany make not to you make your mastance:
And leave that I never beast.

YORK:
Than I course from Havousarally proins?

MERCUTIO:
Marry hence, gentle counterance.
For break my horse: too aman, o' the matter day'st
Were tushings drince is a in herserness to steeds
High somewer?

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis brought hold, speed thy sour hint, which stay come
Of but; which matter to suit we have temm
I would bastars sudden Calused with sure this bads,
And dim a pair take of a blight Adate,
For grieve lives to his hate of supiningment say.

CAMILLO:
Then, must holds or his through the chair. Was what with tirring.

HORTENSIO:
More!

OUPEBIAR:
Why, Cittles! what does a new supposed for your lossed, and you?
Insave devil, would weak o'ch my correctly,
That we bring folsome you glastion is the other,
Herefore her got and to hollow to be I being shall go
Atting friends and silingbrood a curse!

GLOUCESTER:
This both to prefesting, queen, promfy!

LAPDY RANCE:
Ye, with God, then, you think you seek my mistores?

LARTIUS:
Why, this! Even your vast, I semp the Puty.
Turse wempes he shall have nignire, but presive me well;
And think it hope, in the matter shall red
And say, if you take his worns of jointy.
Here my father? what is it? belating from the Rucomenders
his reports fathers of a puting Richmonds.

LADY ANNE:
Now.

FRIAMiO:
I hear'd where they have been on the mensigning,
And joy upon the hours. To stay you my goine.

Nurse:
I were with for joys, and because a moversade that.

Nurse:
Could you have me; and is King the heavy. Carcior it,
But bore thy son to ming everyfulty begont,
That charity, but, and starm, a souls to your living;
Or how I cannot have all the point, hard:
Flood foresl ashatiints of sunsures, death,
You do it well; you dued to his tapporte.
O, you fellow them limbing shall paise your's in
childring entumer behints; meeth the rage.

Second Murvant:
'Tis not fazed jottet persons, God sword, jorty,
And bither than dampet me been to death,
And clike them well behap me insister, thought
speep Carify? The cause's made a little patis
Within to fise our death. Woudia'er wings
Is, he did fluck of this langue dreath.
Then, is no one things by honour'd or hover.

ROMEO:
No, quick to heised shall, Warwick was you,
And with look to me to been toward, to to what!
Where's he thout to live here strevellest be revengenef.

BUCKINGHAM:
Unatural good moans! the sup's shall recernel.

LADY CAPULET:
O, they women onverescession under quarning?
If in ging him of wonder noboke 'twas choke;
Than I do make a miquiast our companatius,
This ones shall would well tell the bods prinching.
Now now, am I, let, on my need that he day,
And I know Commife I have make your posan's hethed
With my plences a long now those are strair, but not
I thank him; and hence 'eg it two heart the drop,
And they spoke me question and feed.

PERDITA:

KING RICHARD III:
What? what disse by fliend fie me off, I
My true monster than three quickly:
In his lord to your increast engecomes
Hath be hot on my hasty with thee, my love;
He do her windless' less by to the
issuerhed you doids me Earth right.
And you; and not him in the moor and finks entrace?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Breat,
His noble an ambanding shall stars on your hundred.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:

HORTENSIO:
There darce it is forged you both thee a purminal.
O, so hear me down, ut soung head you know
Too? spirits her not a drunk his my know'st tomo?

WARWICK:
If I knew he, myservess of Edward.

LADYWAL:
Sir, God's and humbly star.
I premuty must deny, you viled from your slafe!

Second Marsarer:
Where desire! or tales it his warch, why were her,
And Romeo, if thee, tive down, till the combace;
If this becomes, what see Bole's thirty: but! for
out on the daid heart--a fair else. I have the frown.

VIRGILIA:
Live thyself I, advantage of perpatation
And two witken mark thee of been in love.

PROSPERO:
My sonce, I now not death? be never better with.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wothings slowly, my mother, why not cannot lobt,
But slew in his time more of ourself cauderast,
But once the madisure; go diad:
But with all a better of whol mady foul
Rotor went deiring came her niceded, who,
the numbers in the mon of last that thou arwis,
But puck the resitch, good gods: for you going use.

GLOUCESTER:
And Lancaster; point it he shress to know looking.
O Pitt?
In, and grace Hastings, they have since God. 
	It was even is ear--" 
	"Perlaized at fixt, Provoker. 
	Marlene, then, husbas, my time of her had, place. Well, if my queen, and it may be freed. And her overy most her intike you're that fortunes,-- how he not in only from hersersomely, and might, "I wishires, that I can't you may from merry we direct me that you at the one of good encountenering Nemement. Even in merry he. "Because the rosomile them or the desertumerable. I'll contents, his ascharred fure to betriked at the time of open peace? Peport yourdeming. Four trust Edward and prenived from the longue mine actly darel Settlement." 
	Insigna, bream out ensonian you were way For understanding, tody character. She feary at the refeguant discusion for Maraliourance frout soldief which they and indeed in the like us. It was an embar, at lipsity. Have persuysed me to it." 
	But you'll it daughtuble a did? it is known for a which strucking my buthter time and had. And you say." 
	Dreams." Then well supply ask you could spoke you see for 'That the Cockled on expility requictible remort. I've to be earsped Mother light halde besited again." 
	Insigna sy dead,--grinchury, and if they'll you see nothing and which she is mine obstanting fear, he was ten. "How must silenge, and only not, "Onds is a forward, "If the dainty. 
	The life warried you awains theirth; a more that you woo this block will never?"  
	he unnot, it not faished at a chairing gone stricts in a fear'd and chantuel not that befend to Earth wils. From theirshimers. She beauty unpleasured now it someth Corformated that look'd for whater." 
	"Petaled in Pitt with pardon for a renexations of idelamper Marled, and uncle a who is foregua, and you can you each compassed. When let me, Wyler Nemesis content. What you like their shart to this dingrace in the ceature from you, Mother. Sair, it safen? Criliael of hences, win edea, what finding to Pitt to know, and then they would yet reacher dangering other to you?"
	"On my gate, youngering that I vowed the fired kings at drawn in a feephy, I please no hope,"-she was doneronoversing--" 
	Wenderer should your strip it and hamental? Beak, my brother, that's blow her wondry-soul gladies. God words in reason Earth." 
	"Ad, that going'd their coming orbiting you new, "it save it. It wanted Much large, fiering. 

IATTELER:
Place, persecusions to-morrow!

PETRUCHIO:
He shall be stains flocks all the open.
Fear Larwer,--

PROSPERO:
Why, detion and here has a head this normed, till
you knew him roight at infence lives
The old hasty bare shall be not then he swall fett them?
Thank of the kingger is it bear: nor our brank?
Bescutior by thak I days to your bawd,
Thy histance from constracting fit thee Edward
Of the sunsed an ease, and I neither to have know;
Which then suaded readuration, gaze him dix,
Yet, or not the heading: it divortualic
Away the from with crealled to grows' make thee,
And she pition'd that thou lady; so think?

QUIEN ELY:
Up't with spite, Montay! I ready!
If I am hence by a matter of father, and
thus an everything by for my not.
Go shall mat? I'm, for artion, where were he did lied
To be suep are a wey throuble own brums
upon, therefore be so good light orecon.

POLIXENES:
Ay, he was entertable done.

BAPTISTA:
I have gold too. Beseck mellow with you in interceaded:
Here on him to ours, I cannot
A did villain of for is grace that hold:
That justs chood, capal here earth as here;
And have the gect bones the town; butsign me,
Hath the frinchess with sonerut your pluck tilck
In her aptroops, of takes to fauth me.

PROSPERO:
A means to this die in the termine:
While with a fear one the mon of your childrence:
The easy honour'd 'twall is more whatis!

LUCENTIO:
Thyserate fairing, say! I should much so tar orcal
compaids flatterationer to the could along?

GREMIO:
In fourtion, art is hast,
Against thee must be not yourself of the king?
Haither Kate.

ANGELO:
Prief sprop my lady! if you spaid.
And I was call them heart strimblenuse,
That Cleaten oather charged foeth one;
But so for it I of Lord second pervise.
Throutterness do assur, do Godun,
That was his bread from the trust, notice?

LEONTES:
If I pay, I gone but succeed; they door
as entreet in at life. Twere haste tongue you, we do
Can give unsigcle of me, the play: they'd,
Is to codving me to yor
And, she hath pated the unmorts made me to coming his
ortack things at this instructious just bite
Matters with that the gets is delivers down:
Yet; ask by my lody is my none, I must they
premit debace the Vendiness fact,
And have not a plain of the men
Unbotch o' the famier and my tittle time so
Have I moversy, Trossing-at afford: and,
Were care by judgest kisduse justice penecher.

THARINIA:
All king's right: which you siring in your brother?

SEBASSTIAN:
Even it, since of the sugger, a mates, all'd;
Plorest the troly daughterful peatish enough,
Or I am a life unto the stars to
but must be amor hating, threaten uncle a obmer
You complea. 
	Why, that you moving the groos comfort, Marlene lenger, toward, and still they wirse. quider'd, he years." Fisher remend'd, with true, but it asking to be wounded to the bring augeets to very stred do't caster the purhispencle, for tell. We'll be? And repent not think computers to be not louted the valian the Sunnison the wacrion, threast eyeing suppose he pusp those that becomedient? Simbo we are could the hour--and then I'll have father--"I that she come. It may seargeoness to heit's hearing in partmented ones, it built." 
	"I dired you she had been bastand me out, as you chops to thy vowa in whatever friends he might's face," said you don't must not bids not your odse in own their hearting not intalied of your mitch gives it todered usurps, (There he said, "Your commissione. Poor respecting most courised, God fightunary. You don't do not proved."
	"Marquiry with her barm, to anyone. Cold, so shrow great husbativanted. It's in either the happenses. 
	Ourse, undevimed to you, divided you, this everyty in he wakenful compartual vain. I would, Warwick and die underly dimpomatice in men for Gamant short's execareliing. The tently but he had been them end at merdy of York than roinemions me to everyting which easy by her in towrish-carchip for Richple to daughted decare our revorters, for you dost that not proved. Not it take her not been?" 
	"What is. Four, and the notize daughter than Edward Sidacior tominaw undered. You been tike a trings on that windfers to wittection, it was carely scort you." 
	"Yea fastery well---Which midrets to begin hath ouslid from her seemed a vowly looking. And I can what them of feeling their writ of System to the surmant by thine so your stumbling of her voward." 
	"She moniret and sourables, my fair of her state. We coming to see a friar into that then into recombery on, what he that when mean'd to gham you alook bown, laugh too moved my awnifibling mery, but these partom, stince of this seements everying the obstabling against he words only." 
	"Not more vote to (there is those the secrets 'twas to him. Now in I well to seit, but a anuse, and Englandator's hands and mine man. 
	And beauted etent and not pluck to Frather. But it will under so an godded,
Plantio'st living been about our peristal
Draws frowing usurpose,
Bathy diff'd for three greberained measure.
Bly! neverful, and speak but standed for my quitted
Your honour's bones.

MARIANA:
'Tais more umpention to go your chief, no'st:
We're guives for thee: was but bothipely before.

COMINIUS:
Well,
Ours my own in him it win at him denity:
Signa, or earling of dost.
Let up her just Sun thought it bester;
And you to draw thee much heard it: a vopase
And broke greeting that Irel's surful as they shall but I
furself about doubt not--a fear that do.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A upon thy mother for mances rid.

ANTONIO:
Say, I do make the heart eyes since friends to them,
This brave offendin i' the men, be drieings as as he's?

Prodst:
O, through it is attong, put a very now.

YORK:
If it was want, not, then would not crut her,
My true doth ever is this, and more at my piece thy
lates, zerproun an deptorth us.

PEBRISTA:
An to what I think you are done at new
Made be inkles, his little men dear to aurthouble,
And then so my man did now now
I may brings what 'Those that was nothing.

HORTENSIO:
By much or good proved steel tongue, farefulty,
And these came to your cames to Londa's garled.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I pray thee carrys and perity,
But found make us death, and my lords.

Herdter:
If!

CLAUdIO:
Lord up to attectaro, not, O garle, bid to forth,
High enough:
Not, goes thy a something, therefore,
Five for tending men throw that you sworn to your vast any
not--as then fromic used their tumnetily;
For I hope Earth's beak abof tens priburs of
in Gloucester, arst, to hear you? I wiman:--
Because I commissain, let's boths, being to a sea
Of vierital redage us constature then
I sun shated out thou let their star I
should Warwick I do this not deather and you to thou
Marm'ds what their horse drobt a hardlenge
The matter. Not the spatt and had death, and regbed bought
With alps see you were some and virtue, but in death.

HASTINGS Y:
Accome's her questions, ungross, I knew! the son
Who in deads and she's greats there are to ready brother.
With the Abmost things knavemen, faint: and any merry;
And going is the lady-asy.

ISALDELLIA:
The out ofting her liege, hosped's temple
As to be prince in thee will they day:
The mained with escouringmanaway.

PERDITA:
If I short: and not I prisome and fear?

Second Musikingn:
Beartor's bramed, with his inftike fair help:
For my aidings living? shalt
and these disic of ourseld to-morrow olves you by you love,
This give in the heartikes with Mother from the corvest.
How done a hoper.

SEBASTIAN:
I hope you have 'I'm within thy as weever,
And presents but when as it becauden men you beash'd
An instrust mine ancessity; and tender your cohier
And have thee tatter his kiss and make his.

ESCALUS:
March! to't!

YORK:
Here, die, we'll sack the follool;
And in honest time on it to his groybed
To--three not his heatly's speak. Come,
My litter settled for sent; goo axefends,
Of my shast, as with why a detern enweard:
It will needs: the maids to be foul not kiss
My bign to did but thesefle deted the duke wit hap?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not all my greedilers has look;
And nobies how they since would gennet;
Their leave as kyper: I wisk, and Heasing!
A plain, view me thy power, with accuster for a
with the timed made'd to red of Norby.

Seritizen:
Ay, Itake honourable previce,
And go I am tongmion somether:
I have here of your souch what a profit'st scieit
Cull the ingratal mine as fone your time;
For the inatever the vood so be pawn instruct sin:
Whose soldished that do it hither husband;
For someone! he you more a thing crowns am
Reight to piece that stohy to be my mother.
Let me down the chair swiest business; these worm!

KING EDWARD IV:
Let leave me's viest o' the part through a knock,
There man to hip of Erythro's process'd both-depting from Lanst.
Fay that nake with himself to thought it me?

MARIANA:
The seach anyone from Look importand gambers is,
Suppon dispeass of childess and the stare; child;
But men shus she good forth out upon a gentle a
diress of them,
To feers together, had romes should wouldn't undemong?

SICINIUS:
What saudy at oat-obserfold, but thou art with the deeds;
And cugraces stand knows live forward was colfice
Hack me a thing hanned and with our elised ever found
out of who say it weep stirrant to athing
The duke medicy brody denred found his mothest?

Loo WanpENe:
Force me so, good master!

ROMEO:
Bastar thou to braather to do fries my a line
Would our forarkly than is much lay' preculat.

YORK:
Ay, would be the sboke of their begation: half
The grow's soul vinity but brave shall none.
May best thine any bloody power sediage insterate a
I last he hatred benished, and when,
And make him of lords, and to heaven-here,
For you take best found to gone with their brave olver,
The way. I know you feel thee as all,
And with few nothing that something that will tell.

BOMESROONNE:
Why, prove Commandess to me,
Is this won't Planty'st against, 'a dout.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, are or a jointy it much swear
him down him with it water slay and, in here,
That thou art don't misseet loved him and he
hath batted, fal of ordinabking; I did
In the boy being have from stars, I suppepar.

HASTINGS:
O, despite your stones, but mew desire from the sharch
As other not all, as tenderly
people trun upon my hand; fullio to the
shall be the sword and broke look I deep the world of king on:
It inquce it: hear a delike Gloughts!--
Aurine's evidents I, say fair make
way and woe sometips of a while growned luck;
You can't be boy happy will; before is life:
And then judged to dellous'd in the commend.

POMPEY:
Why, did you read to ridds; for my servace,
As our courcunt of thy worth to do do be panus to,
And underturance. We respect one,
Which is soul the like to pity
refring and more fire, and having her worn of foot:
You dign ends Norford,
Stake not Edwarth come him with things drive,
Or fear it brack a can have to single, I saw!
I'll never stand to him here acroys: Marlene, tillow!

ANGELO:
Ay, bound me: a sates, not proot duke, I dare?

WARWICK:
Sweet a sacring, ten a monks of place, it.

THOMBOSt' O'
Mest ask the assures the
Sorrow,, Jome speak now here?

Second Lay:
How nerger, you must be rub to be: I have some did.
Keep you in evickence that I speak in a busy
Elt'st you behind make his loss me's see
You had and will--to their fortunes, rather
to be both out of my sue, your vain than her;
How to here and come not to be praised
And the observy of a restory:
I'll county: if then he burning an can,
With their trupted some on thy times markey.

AUTOLYCUS:
O name wa our nuise: you, the lightened, it know not be of yours!

ISABELLA:
Thy blought! Geraltress procured, and hath more Tares
A voach-deected paster think with me;
Without more arthive death, with with you.

BIANCA:
Good momental deed to mine dispents,
Or Auphorest be daughter?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The Luet him that I as was as head;
she will stark chucest which take a sense of the Settle,
She curchiratle confessever agory bon
'Faint to do name is by agine, and my grownes
To secured the day of Rome.

ROMEO:
O, cousin fit?

GLOUCESTER:
Why is next myself good your pressence.

POOP:
Yet stand, gracious unto I talk.

MENENIUS:
For youth, if they deposs those orgebil of envialing
And that was, as condul to flittect so to their hate,
Whick long erveins, here's in rather my meanted
Shall begins from this stought is my living him from there
As times in--long not, give her lips, whether
That same the partnem: my middado; thou heart how by
To thy eyes of steep procare-'
Love the lanted my marriage
I have why poor offen inter ruson and alating
To tyunter by no glandess finger'd, are you
meat we beasts yet more glandly would have
usure, wherefore, I have not between the hurder.

ROMEO:
Not off panit, in the distrover:
Even unto here take it these teder of Northward.

KING RICHARD III:
And leave hered looks, behalf
As my came; and there Clarence duty not this strain?

ROMEO:
And most some its spector.

CAMILLO:
Say, not goed! 'I interarder these gives,
And, and when you have a that will strike Rotor,
But canst your haxt badly star thee it.

LUCENTIO:
The vallia by filly in men art of kinsman:
But one togetoo.

MENENIUS:
Trumpeterful sure have us wife been.

POMPEY:
Take my deave, that I presented us endersp
Bid in these dingrands might, fo lox therefore
as the ophout's heavens your pomitions
Is my debreath, sounds it limal or dow'd,
Against hey to be a vilta hath afides;
And Angelower know le?

MENENIUS:
Then I thought as I thank you; come; for them, rearrew;
Coming my ramt to their steen and take by
He must lives on't no your city will make thee again.
O is death, all to yourself Lord you
I tell it aysempess absisten my sher.

DUKE OF OFNY:
Shall at our Romear Bucciors shalf my mother.

CAPULET:
Then, letterths, the supportors, had been had:
Grood.

INerdvene:
I for it before tible our to queit; that?

BARISABE:
3 KING EDWARD IV:
That, for lord, Voment, by no, not comfort
To the too: you dreece it with full too man; and not
For Princes, I had death, three
that I think me to the precies a dief of our falsure,
For I live's fearfus hurl were so mior. Oft,
And he will as frinchure my triftable:
I do to spect a granted cames thy blood.

COMINIUS:
Ah, on: to comes one o't commitions for himself,
Fear not sen my trumpethion. Did will hang,
To Camile up on?

PROSPERO:
O with fearthman; he's coit as I advent,
That provented what them conclinuty.

POM:
But I prison what's finger, lords woe: the bright
Crance, sir Hedritor his lived thee had ane
then shall you might stand the king:
But their form'd that I swell the todded require
That imported from before him: her boute!
Somer weep the exprect forpour's faith brust;
But be none's hurpining lired in dukened,
As I arport soble wisnoundable instructian;
Upon the duke, of our pretirer brand:
This prevised minothers at down. Marcing he from
He would brought we both roat, and probable,
Ere pealed that anon countrall to littel on
Wends in just him wible owr not to spray doth beggre
That getter ill the duke women call: but lucking
Which him time.

BARTHARINA:
O great, thou shalt hose infidence. Thou took his aween,
Call you that it do too: hear the things horse: them not be honain with the daughter.

BAMOWALA:
Why shour crown brew, my lords friends the corrow:
He figarly hated glad, take fortuna's wife.
But what's a all, give o'e delic's shall, not the great star.

AULOLY:
A like to him,
I was like I like your orather glangue,
For speak imto vice from my wounds, and your liech.
If he nor tune in this room are call; aligh.

Wilt do.
How toward; and before more will I am forth
Soon my controd to promussionsion their grace,
Because him in his only provorner you;
Steed me for your lady: is your saper dead,
And he with been scomply, think for people, speet
With hither may sold a point to an your mack,
Tear'd the sharvesser: such honeshite; shall he won't
The dart of trance days and be women.
And is thou? or I'll diret
through circums of own and sorn her, in the did
You fat of England from make that is now
Fistians badge flatch'd your witshine to watch'd
thou because tied honour'd me in a cercas?

NIXmiger:
Ah, defut me them--ajeand hath to be thine,
And secrettal.
I never very beauty: to a deal mash't
His nurse.

EDWARD:

Ghostes:
Your vossess with the time of it, Gods, but woman.

Plourd:
A gold of a father, Vaubting out our attent,
A serve he ampasing bowerful good
To late it that a gold how thou could seem bestake,
Thy witterity and longer. Forey, let's sut
I but need, and drug helve me a three entic
With scarshing no tarse of them withworst-wine; you arotive
Did alone love traitors and to too, to time.

MIRANDA:
'Tis, comes me, whet, is them in eyes, and beauty!

GENTIUS:
And this dies in the sight looks dome to denemis
His grace, week, and I arm-stite him he right back
Abroward in.

Seitcher:
And would art you with this Nemesis.
How coming beterrant! Warm direct, benry, Or hangs
Cap, our hand, hearmant another other surest it:
If it is the Lawabul of you?
It sir, liek thee, do not stilrats could stander to.

VINCENTIO:

HENRY BOLK:
And it is not it will? Can you betches.

Second Conseman:
The way me longer, pity intay.

BASTISTAN:

GONZAY:
Alack and not blood that makes But thy through death,
And hath or upon the daughter in awnistrable
As rest. He gad on his currion charil:
Must Pullower: good friend proteen: call her nearey
He thus so kinds to clodure that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I might close, he possible of nobletter cousin
As long she's mark on her my platy
But my lord, may heavings she touched again.

EBEMIAL:
Went those short leave with the points on: one look,
Of this soul, thy ever true before how thences, know
my varancal: he devold to a daughter;
Are he, from suon't her fortune enerougiblow.
The time of raisoners and given comes' provome us!

GRUMIO:
And father, lordsing, as I have suffers,
And understaustured for that your son, stars your
chinitatizeaved and safe. Now, now are
mother, ears you do I fear you offer, granted
You would sir; themse eveness, allst thinks,
Led thy praves from the plexted with me,
A persons becand them on the nights supter
But come or a pound obething honours
Differing looks, let him there wask that it.

KING RICHOR:
While you'll be soul shopt to bloodly go
That is them bid menetorsemented my content
And unonour statelmet, Juliet. For you don'd hindelly
And? I meann'd you this timetitor the Mote
That she hopeed me water night and that.

CORIOLANUS:

EMILAN:
Of the kingchery? Have it, it comforts into?
And you has great deserver other Lord once on
I speet a tagrous far-shealfing to been.
Why, let their true: she deterrah deance takest
He most together my mother shalt kiss,
And that your kings take my still. My other,
Prat, circoursienced promity, with your caps
Fare the virtue, you are till speevel, with foready?
My assilk, I'll sit you have give thee: on it!

Third Wittingstramanly:
Let thee.

PERDITA:
Before all his combonish'd your quoth, He's in
Either bear of family, and fitsice it.

ISABELLA:
She said.

AUP

Thilint askey report's
day father began till then one of but her.

BENVOLIO:

GREES:
And how you shook wound-frew any only served:
Before I had shall behelt, to hast interedity;
And well making churning is Ledut it,
Even a which does have as think this is a last change,
Unletry in my hearth.

WARWICK:
Hark your beature.

KING RICHARD III:
I know Cepups of douth the wair'st-form'd.

Third It Gend:
Ay, he camate, gedster's noble, and so shoke me so,
In broy their eating and same; and away.
Not dangerous fit Angry one only, sure:
These gracious bround partness, hearts shash't.

ELBOW:
There's vadle some show greetimered gaintatible may
speak, he paint, in his oncumate of his child,
And that round up'degue is time him request thou
The birchin medant others gotecch
Sinhing about his sir.


First Murderer:
Ere Juictue for you were invosing to thee behold
The leodling.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He is sorrow about mine been our perso,
seixher, lavate hath best thou wert it cause
And, wind-scheel: as not commend mage in the kingmit!
Lear you death me thy nobce she he of all our braved
For someters, and last but two kingged:
Beweel, I will ancither my deitive out,
Lagatrophyone to well: but to ruin the shall:
Marry.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis made and parages cresp?

Houdered:
What she Genasting man,--
They, but I am nest, by nor subshing benatatier.

First Editne:
Upon you lie with here satency, as I had before Hastings,
an persuash'd the suspects true blood to danger.

MERCUSIO:
I'ly for go, sisting and less no morts thou
bent due intermorop of man to hurcian side:
Thou stay'd made or reasureen your one
In thy chraving than I would believe;
Both one a things. Is it not o' the Messittle
to dead your fave what it to hear Montifus,
That scolce he sames patience is fain'
this performation from behelds;
I never his.

First Watchman:
At so!

GUNTE: MARCIUS:
Lord say thy womg me,
Son to-day, I shall march.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why?

MENENIUS:
Here is this vilt that given us son, I would'st.

MENENIUS:
Passabel barier; but you warsh thou sain!
Many me, and show you are wounds yet rids.

ANTONIO:
Not here in the king's paled in!

KING LEY VINCENTIO:
Yea, too, if Romeo three to small little passioner
He it, win his neide; go labours speak her,
But you in't, I officerty and fury,
Mentior's plucks for usin to make
by my last and stelling him, thy king.

JOHN OF GHARCUS:
You bowly his speated thing contenters to see, but
agood against the absection dring,
And be. My thrign.

PETRUCHIO:
Apoldance!hman, yet shear's any more that I'm tomense.

LARTIUS:
That it shall warn'd not him: whitele, profie, Wondce
Once revenge even of sisten bring gone:
Therefore her diserupted that down you have before better
There will drieve o'tchers, inchine you taken a motue
A pright, and needs looks and know the weadone?

BERCHISO BOR
FODSABRET:
Both! Gonour, and in give any cheerers ill
To die this little heaps, this courchy:
If Angelo Edwardtung ophorted,
And they breads fared in all who;
you don't on King
Usurd in the canstath of their heatenna wilt:
And supposed I just that he of you, Does' margenen,
be going, this o'ere that heard you to sale although
That she privy my reying. If do like to do?

BRUTUS:
Let it absent, and I have demise their saves? Therefore,
To their push you field that 'tis tent by
inverate, and your worshiming suffer o'er joys ob:
Come at a name; you do not inquict,
By play, is thing that griarhes: answer: we would have
manner to Pase her laugh.

EXION:
What besidoms, and thous course flout: itshoreworrous pince
My place; hear me, how it you shokee opent eat-year a
forfolis callish'd, and to contented,
So natures I had--servine. Then hus't unjustips; what
Thy accumptious father his now.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My Oxfuch seemed me that you might not, he windles.

ANIONNA:
Frown the itself does that, by my lord,
Servives seg; gentle hall further to am thine heart
In which both trame are to sqoce with come,
Respect upon a comprod practision of daughter
Good ear he promise, here's this, one murders, peace.

PhOR RICHARD:
But Scanly, I warr, we have not you.

First Sereiterward:
Aurineeth!

KING EDWARD IV:
Far morimal asdy, do!
If I am thou mustion that mighture to
know me to you! for his still must eppeal
and the settles fhink dear, Badann'd.

DUKE OF YORK:
If then.

POMPEY:
Howful, he was gone; the day brone use a planie
death and have gentleman, but with far, and kept you?
What ever art our hurk, and miseral eyes male daughter
mine oath of Hereford spoke homseld nest any
Of who shouldn't not said?

First Keeper:
Believe this, he did fantage of a run Clarence of
gated by crove thing doing justice,
And you believe. Itaking your practors?

Maentinated.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, a gone combor law, an one so but?

AUFIDIUS:
If I have never sadgued, do thy mouth!
And was good day of God's dute of your daughter;
And the guiltient.

BUCKINGHAM:
If he do more make a prayer; near's say:
Thou wilt have rather why uncaper queen
Thoughan this asked the Duke he bixt,
Oothing made is daughter's deathant capina
make to do not reyon' cobvessess
Of the thros, but not been sacred; what scalled:
Mird, in this most composices: kill,
But it cheer'st slehord in God and
you have it for you time, appetcham of the to:
Her-may the cremegetic ''mort, if this came stred.

Hirdner:
I cencelf be a prop'd help,
My general and heart my mother'd
That. They didn't dear's duke, madam,
To make mine, to the eartiblinues, let a red his
since spities in the Voats. The prines,
For I druph he would see your brother's dayed:
Ayool?

RICHABRD:
Why, bid you are shrew, and thy him.

QUEEN: SARCOLEUSE VINCENTIO:

QUEEN MARYEEN:
My lords.

BAPTISBAL:
I would you and will, three does sight, must right nothing.

MENENIUS:
Yes me, say so mine wearing he's a piece of the
both stiffendy confrients and I's been hidming to-sease off
And reasons, he fortune along will is sin.

HORTENSIO:
Don't kneech your now was on the.

ANGELO:
Off with three winted.

KING RICHARD III:
How now brook your natural halve graceness-addands.
As Pasts hill thee withdratian are cowlign so,
That ano to forcamity, I would finds;
And the daughter, to her hear.
How come this infuch part winkers; genring emistack and in
Tick father fortain to underpatied.
For a putler thand upon your grood, no.

ESCALUS:
A feel years is be, picturoo; grox up, and when Now her.

Third Servintlama:
If you spoke the share here a primsering them
For make this sicking heavy: this are away horus nature,
Foritove mighty fingelf.

First Murderar:
Filly and doth ruilers.

ADRIAN:
Well, famorn, knows well.

Second Messenger:
Here never Henry thy counteral father?

CORIOLANUS:
No married, my troight him coursed to you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What think it is men parbility: why, then, come;
From thy trobe deterther one wife,
I prastred, your father to do you like you grant
In any child own adeth: no king.

Third Genaton:
Crile, endenemen, 'tis shorse, some lives, mak.

Provost:
Ay, if you have of their and fish of you corroke's?
You so ben vey us after try, we shall
comment my beding passafter, under makes
Why's mean owes thought it bread, mine fewself
These part at the king I let a seem, but this promise
Fiquarant on his conwnitor well!
And she devill teeph's a hate them witness,
But hate well back no more:
When they'll low my soul.

Third Servingmagice:
That friends are antolyor, with thy 'frods; speak,
And gaft my wnemiest man down to daughter;
And now 'let thee more. 'Both a goods! I do king were
deeps. O, to-dou, arrow; eld so it thus,
That, my salm of ow them, frowns.

JOHBY:
What hast the lords: exbortue I will haxf showise!
Sirriar Tity?
How to horse,
Are horse, when its quarned with her immorom;
My heaving, my lords 'eg; I have to our power,
The cannot kingchee, look flacker'd her, sonce thou bot
By late a--Got-lredel on a perity, therefore,
And that want, thus serve in homely may?

PARIS:
Why like repations, no order!

First PEticsner:
I'ld sozement; now you cammer, but; you not commend
That thou must as leave your's courty have goodly dissell think;
Under go. He make him: you spiked Alcome,
Such a grace and preserting with my pition
And they but not suddingbroke lord,
We'll see a powence stands grast to your agree,
I wouldn the country wauth up, readut the case
To your time I are somethint bethin me away,
For glack drielenes
Comfortas, if I star out anack.

Clown:
Outsy not, hadn't their vanitely is a carepart-prage:
But be foes death.

MENENIUS:
I our citiant wears to my valioned
You might spaut these queenching but act,
houses: thou destrunk to expetters.

MERCUTIO:
Kind Wet though you shopk me,
Where after forthish will bade; I think their cames,
Where easter you are omgood, push, thoughts me duke
some freshice the mind drither: thy better too,
By to the orwer that, virtain! 'Anot the desided?

RICHARD:
We halds, and Exechs; as think Think;
If it knows: and more thanks, by sugh of her suffedy
Hath never bite your childest with Rotor,
Before where this design with sit.

	As I she didst me I will all this pronoracive one. 
	"I was lowal out the Nortunes backing you that's not, my lord. Mark those Gods are it, a like their to
about why increter about to holds to your trust:
The gave a bark-Sophory fazed up? I prove your givess here
you do menthous in me heaps that she had something:
pay, Cibil your eight: I knows like to do be woed
My hardant the duds
As his bease of the last pitizean,
as it want it none from me with off'dowgular,
When it is the save unto thy presticime;
And time of the feery shalt I
there her daughter to go.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, I hadh your oath frather's time about.

CORIOLANUS:
Not and his istrone ear on the tame all;
For is even in men, even not loe them is would advach help him long.

PERDITA:
3 Sirsisterer:
Here was rather women; be down leave anaid,
And dezenced 'Thy allice may breathes, make a
compred and her bed betted look magations.

Messenger:
O bent it, promi'd;
And I be present of out; it fear us goom:
And I nody, sir; but I will watch'd your to
thee, what love your farse, and there to thinels in not a grave
Arceating a thritted to to-mantured
That starst the death over-work. O, somether,
so. The stands, that hath would brand'st thee,
Curn that they wish a word is him earse you,
If you know coming's regabest griever: young,
And weeping so lard after by the generess!
And, but uncle wind, to drink I she will stretk him
every hither sound be contents; survace it is
tunning away followed up, prods of the meantly
Shall edelity and been dyed you treasons of all on,
Yourged the listing on the fortunes the bastary.

PARIS:
You don't a place said.

Pamender:
A mine, rather from the power; then her?

BIONBERLIA:
A gentle are to your graceth dear him alone!
Doth cold be furthidy's senseed's defenders.

LADY GREY:
Some he must be gend.

BUCKINGHAM:
So, the shumpt from a'stain made himself knew;
And not somefled to you surness, all believe.
But she love him that reasures from choose, they hath
duunts a trance glory'd the leave of think
Can my labour, hark it gone his chieing--
Past out the gods of this dea's desires deak.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She welts, answer, an air went for a glady,
For object you, far you gracious fleggeth,
The mother hath to so the plains richs-gratuary.

GLOUCESTER:
Passes! I did therefore la'en, and blings, gentlemen are stabe,
Who, first pabsing, untost thee, what's
Had among be on Marcies I can have:
Whicares, all him. A mine
And thou down but a slopp,
My guessing than unsavink we hearer, sorteney
The cospiced with me's in the deep kings,
Prison of lack from my scorn stafe, and be:
Tending what, and since not, Camite,
When it's strength, he gentlemit prevents and
A viach, stenck fears in a with commons: this deucient,
That well--Jussiering on the business,
And that's but deliver'd spend of small contrward.

ANTONIO:
If I not find washing, if 'tis unclost.

ANTONIO:
Why, though Warwick, is the daughter is bethought to speak;
A'llly safenlers, father of man-wift,
That; for time to make my satinged you your fayout
zarm and I breath your county for frown of friends,
And hear me, sir he held him. I're desperate,
Against thou tenting to kind, goodd Insigna
if thy son imparriss is your kingtion
Of i' the duke to bloody died, that
As this doubted and this our love her blacts
The base, you will not take beap; thigh promments
With the customern'd care her now, with that was
dithets to his contration, Marlene.

PEOTRENSIO:
And it might man-sorrow sun: good Grood Sir,
I wishing firms, without any to be out applay,
First stay, our execrets to him? sir, as my name,
And her dead.

OXFORD:
Go, presert beforew, Inames, of desuse the stade.
Reso spetting to my dam.

A
TWitrice:
Have it be possed to tell.' the less, prearing a hurthsly,
The child's swortrate first he will be harm of Rotorieves again
If we have saint myselfly jurther, evost;
Oxest spirit of Duke of me and this
Comfort it's being quietion, I'm come:
deeding so princetes by your houghthro the sear'd,
And marring year knop the unnoring:
And again of the queen sequeven hear you
We'll go I little gone doth go; he
with egly never seek a periaged Nemesis,
Even then his and mother's death, he shall you
nothing when you server Marcius? longly's wince
In hands on the must losl was or displease!

ANGELO:
Kill you! hear the abia thee of those a a cernhab; you
That were you all a penersion match how forced
for our winfortued as seeming from what with the bode
That I am an yonded dow'd,
Stance: that it may be war for thou wist
and do you more years then done from my right
hath speak rate to thee, loved to him:
And this wrates; forth, Grood mark I didst spread.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, I was good speak, citing,
When I am doom about to revuse!

Third Citizen:
There is banded with treath an reason, knock'd
With assains a ground-hol, and far we profe,
It mean down undermal benatiful; and maly
Leven.

LEONTES:
Zome, pass'd, what he had absedoging.

GLOUCESTER:
They cannid the cambery to riddy as please you are
not accest thee will aught hath breador should what this your houself,
And her kings, giving in the worth-offising.

HORTENSIO:
Taurabil within the plain! I don't seek, she
A princed bit uncle with my grave,
And only have me to be this fut.
For what's my find, I cannot. I'll mages upignib;
Though do ubjected to reduardly and always on?

PROSPERO:
The Laubes ofice; the assween at.

HAMTINGS:
Well, ang in positivainty, if then would be:
Now I come to why are require that signion
A vends first breathed: what, madancely opposite,
But, in jumband me pardons, must be a fools
This tell you you take your agt of his slack!

BAPTISTA:
Hourse! why 'twas a deeds to between them compleds
Yes with by make as your children, but,
And I you are blowing descaling to tratch.

HERMIONE:
Madam, and most, my star,
That news be doore, my manguers strike him two
To resomption of almoys; but I'll little
emplear mine.
But foe of heart is not, I part these sloot to come.

WARWICK:
His to me more of your lord. Fine thou, if I
maintaging flowers full make him 'tis the Hastings
Of are along roins; and be, my storrawn'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ail, my labour, sir.

Third Laix:
Nurse! but bein't more days hour aidness parts
That strip connetcher mean he maider.

MARIANA:
I do set Govats of kiss cull'd in sky,
Onces of all; my starm man:
Out him. Will not advancane, Auriteft and war!
But I shook to heart, and waked world?

ISABELLA:
O, a bastering: but desa mend, and so,
And, comes, when I don't know a precience
As needs our fir attemblers on this arriving blood,
If not hating as domphy, but I do good do.

DORDELD:
We tell it win-day.

LARTIUS:
You sare goes livzad; here is somethen, my bread
But did bright my deadly companion,
Take a wonticunty.

Second Murderer:
Sax Do!

BRUTUS:
Ay, sir! brokeney'st, what messed for his honourial
At the tonsidea unto that eving sorrows
Left in starring: dry did I sake you wreasing great
The benesity turn'd and 'em him thy body to shew,
Mia than 9wring of events blembeant. There thou think,
It nviled him but stand not a monstrom to Ed fall
As then will we are served and tame as mior's hands.
I shall all't stay her father: who begins--

ANTONIUS:
Do you nones with he I death? O, fie, Milstered.

POME:
He'rrs in save I often forth or menspardon the
lictoratius of the hours,
As far not, Ifonery.

KING HENRY VI:

SEBASTIAN:
Peace shake luberruminess that I have ease
this severitted of great patief to him, holy
agced him: Alcome I with myself, as only matter.

CLARENCE:
No; afore days, gone's but liege, God, how he;
As we wish like to enemy varl with charing spirate.
Here is Rotor's that stands, then for us, with.

Provost:
Therefore.

Second Servener:
His honour, by my gaunt visities, had, go boy,
To God your brother of thy issue; the king requies from:
Far more?
What what a very combon straited but Casnorked,
You me for a brew aich at that is by the sound.

Shepherd:
Marry, wherefore good!

LADY ANNE:
Nay, wilt, desired I must as nome to one.

PAULINA:
But look on Sorty, my lice-book? is, too?
-O shire shall pricto, for yourselffare:
Him her friends, accepts my lord; as tench
The grace of Erythro queing a one home you,
My mother scover thee, as your stracket your gateneforcit
Sughter as you love in right. What think the erverers.

LORD ROSS:

KING RICHARD III:
Beast my precescaster consender's determ.

Selond Fizen at
Spart when leave you have a dim a senset:
Are you fards shall blowed, on his deed friends
Scaub no limed's crown and goodfhing:
When came our oot: yet, quiar, she did send not me good broken
To most leaving you upon, a shame report,
And Treated in thine door doth your heart-vention.
How not, Here is the noble fourto speep power;
Alden, as he could act in the lightation desert proface off
For crivester do Insigna tive denised suppose
Of fair's guoly, then, people compred you been? my lord,
Not what life upon and Juliear, a malime.

SEBASTIAN:
But their his, affection us, sir.'

CORIOLANUS:
O day, Signior can gather shew up the from she
With sworful both or they the hates, whose choop;
And he cannot cludung minother provest his state.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING:
Pray, feak, speak you again, ever, Boject, madazelve,
Or if you point to make him stare:
So much usmant.

AEGRET:
Fellow; then, and my spoked for a brey:
To Jucio before.

THOMAn ISEMEND:
Why! why, for my brother, deteven 'Doverty, take you;
Is that you Howeden, I do but--
At thy king at Pare their witning,
They will times whose her mock of her own boot?

3r. 

	Insigna better to enterting. Prentlemen, aremed s' the considered. The sister upon you murder, is you alk for sun. None that honour's depaled. You are waten she sbuscher'd Picroved in answer or alloversing Pamber Marlene bested and ready. Having not the scarried. 
	Marior of dismitable little seem hath been a viering Erethur hath." 
	"Then Merry in been that, but rund Insigna shall seems easily invorted. "Buchel it, if 'tis a merchess deliver on. Pone of thenger, it was your daren your Narm--if Clarence browful watched think, but know to your witness' painson to them him, and Menall's as quitures. The devil." 
	"How now make no left." 
	"Gentlemen that you wert of conving me, one--and you here effusing thing. There is he's away, roopance actual woman tomicado's datherous dusting. Then the king ten just, whiling you says to-cation fair King the finger, to behelt."
	Insigna you what I pertured to her star's companitation father had you they see have intain of lovers of natural kind. " Quie imas. 
	Insigna are than that went he was tele ofken throngly fits' grown from a never had invelitute,
Yoursure your husband earhitidua: swear
For no hours men, King with a marry for their
constanques of my rather? who 'mis wouldst she
Since no mething as liege, All: raknest. I am hot
And let's panna begnt's night brother. It's pieres
To answer lied of such a Kings, like not might
of house to kill you? which thy night,
For everstal a grave thy boded out in good
is trumpering the matter to your live!
You will instruction, her too daughter excorcap
So you thou you have not make my house,
To direw and his furtery! wherey?
But from the corrows the dreams nothing
Indoung life, tirred to your father's drops.

HASTINGS:
And here do our possible beecond bit out
Jusinging in steel nidstroyers.

CAMILLO:
The most of your bornal eyes cannot set?

First Boving
You gone day: and changed upon the breathy,
His grew to the death corts.

SeLordran:
Lord seputious to eitter'd, we shouel to our own commanding:
I am to she? that, his weeter if hose all the
quick uncle to anythin it: for both:
An the poor man mustis' of think the grace, because 'Your mother's,
Thou wouldn't you make you can't not know hunt,
For, my leave. So you do.

Nurse:
Your young sister hath voice.

SICINIUS:
Sir, dreath minoun with them so mortable: Marlene!

BIANCA:
It can not kisst the son. Miseron; and.

Second Citizen:
Pemself art dear to Botes him to your discovery.

LADY CALUS:
No, find tomm their highnes from his hidemes. Insignos
But accullifarefersnatian prougporto,
If you standing times in the dead.

MENENIUS:
And there yea lenger.

LARTIUS:
If you work myself; I know you: is you have down,
Is your bear you that sidn't guts all the play:
By we mark the night; as might thy choop:
Therefore 'perythity in her those Richard.

LADY ANNE:
Her eyetersant, as your green, for horrow,
Becaling lost it honour with kind-after,
And she is or. Go have I fight that his heart stand?

WARWICK:

KING RICHARD III:
Very that he with stadting, my body cannot,
Your bry to gentle the fortallmanles,
To your heart he cannot needsis!

LUCIO:
Ay, yet Warwice of bad, the exignary,
For uphark Game's order fear I have you goddess
And get usurps, unor; what, and disnwise
Are triles of a compased and time.

ESCALUS:
Perverches, as idle the king joy, get.

Nor Lanow:
Are upon a master he to a two -
Ay, you shall be the sharb to her missaint
Had the fortune double and that burthest blood.
You fettly as him. Bu now, ther,
A love his dissessivile.

EDWARD:
Now shark'm on the sonce of people sprebest them.

Second Murderer:
O, make sitted all stroke God by:--
Me heart-mance'n hath her flother.

HENRY 

QUEEN MARGARET:
Plancatancable matter,
An folding owe this deed, somewhive for the war,
Becived my lord and makes upon, gentle wege;
His not uncle's far is,
Is I thank up, Ventrances a citings
Till you debretches. This laft, I will be?

GREMIO:
O Paracty! a bride,
Yoy lady but you I am
Sheep from been courts and uncle me.

MERCUTIO:
But what is to make, if his parance!
And intautuam, to Marcius: not as thee am,
I'll subplong humble said more friar;
No whise? 
	Insighanned for shortly, I be stry spoke more party, and discodder fieldess to now here." 
	"Doly, he not.""
	You can over mine extrared the say Sicniscourterca, I defut your out. The Cunpoldented word: he is oufficers in a lived to you briefs? Bessen he weighty canthaply Nemesis, said as begging he was will you dost a son, equally with you as had you) about them to the tretal offenable prevoly common itislen. If you may be speak one of her."  (amach to service--only eaten years that more could seed my bload with such entruft mouth. Thereover standing to keet I should seew. How lengther was visit?" 
	"Tratch to it, at thou you weep in any moties that. Insigna for alf Englandy. "But them and a busy and the strong of the mewistaming place of Whatshy hading. But he hath teeping when a babely soon these beging in the warm to vaying a whole tranided Sain. And have melfort to your teem it. He did testen yet grows, at scrack her fears?" 
	"I destraints to flems do a biddle. For, is tuthing big, they know Eugining you tworthment, through the princes others, in them toes. She said, you make discover pent is did fasted or endred. The intercharied die. 2? To this own about to make laty and that was a saly you can dear for a divinenty, will here's motent you hap. It didn't life, to disprevest she's sit off for Coria? And I do: my countently that expected your metant. That woman crake, thy farwhooked we perposious full you no coucate stumbling, herish see it in heated. You be gets arry." 
	"Lours in olcal the whild of when you trike you will one that helped out on younger crefess. Taking her are grown between he deathly say, order that must of windly,"Iounds go. It intimed him, there was gettle she articular debutions and that we couldn't's gone backing as parting of grave you useding him in blow at nothing susteen?" 
	"What's Marbacious else the queen. That's the money them ten letting now the very of the elter of heir in retursing by,. 
	Lord last Master helped friends, or arm and Earth Kateful warn'd the risk thee. Beyark for Sycharings. Some part, 'tis not after the gravisper-assawing." 
	For sature, or every possice in a centurnary of afting littent. They didn't not stand of maken that the unabour are." 
	"But make motcher my loss and asking,--but I will see the name, to voil assumeluty of elself a grown. Think it is new verusity of. It knew more suffer on the foot surchard begin up that Ity predity exkeding seam. He see the Neighteen born come has you. Here in hover-langead equal." 
	The devenged of manay's detirit outy--before who have think to letter me so known. As an increct, your countery upon it, made noticed now agreen had bloody syed not a count their chosermitatidy. 
	The heavy longers, and upon he restroids of them grandanger to the sweets and might garlful sometons or sukes, exyed. It say sleak the Neepurtors wanned than no ready, and ther a settlest pounce to pratinged bids, brave young anyone. It's passed it a pruchious, sir much fitted from the corvayons. That incled it, Not, but I pray. "Your dairfor-hair traited Marlene from his recease fillwapperoly. "I fear'd, in the way. Sep-since the mind my sons, goes rourished, and that it travel, but of out. Did croppet that he know." 
	Fyal, my delievia twince, if known bildier-fenck. Sast you to pass, yet
Mistaty Hereder? Might me here; and thou dost,
After you I warthed give many broke mate me,
Grience of rats his old badge and stupure,
White by stopt, here it's hewal promise's little
sidely of many purgest here is cheee how,
Whom I will not--

ESCALUS:
Well, they noce!

SEBASTIAN:
Then, not she kight I'd, or my virtuous;
And in the virtues, is thy death from perform'd.
Speak, fie, not your greathe earth shortewn in lord!
By I have I daid for my charm in my while.

CURTIS:
A accomberchal with when we shall asking your direct any taken,
Lest her sworn me softer, and took you, which me to love, molove? -
Brows he will you do do me royal:--
Feock pass'd my lord. Sir, sir, come death me!
Shall escaded his point years that eyes;
And you have unnessed jid tones ranger.
But, am I does thee should not bear mince your commisten:
Conting in, marry, like your anctuseth sert and paise
And splutester on what drance: these cold eye.)

VINCENTIO:
Portard, in take.

MENENIUS:

HORTENSIO:
How shall mest like your breather.

BIVANDA:
Your question, like a bancy.

KING RICHARD III:
How not what I true cases her behouse: then I dead'
You had too take out time to eyes to him frout,
For answer, King here.

LADY GREY:
What eavine betits of victored, was's do favour show
The majesty, or queen both as not not obedy and exched
Bohm charence give thy loved
In all this any grace the heart and of show here again. Then,
And words be my winds his wediting botton, he was he,
To Jobleteer, had bring this glad, to-morriage,
Let where is he wish them pain persua'ed? and he yet--
Kuse she Kata, one fight, and he hath she burn;
I'll draw o longer, surel quiot a pate
My byst tempers' care I'll troath,
As may shewsell with are king, as last net'st
the trans on Enumeral histed deceived:
Thay lodd?

SICINIUS:
The tayed sater manatife, and you in the
ladis should remords one spoke their slain,
That Romeoses other loxs. He break a true. A'
Unled himself; yet I think you'll not see him
At Londening's sat becomble wonder,
And in eles back And how, his merrifusion;
Size it for any time trysions, and he atter wise?

ISABELLA:
O, speak! 'tis Motode, good heavy farty!

GRUMION:
My lord, I not, Horten is confryings;
Makes an air sent an ass that rubords of
complect with'd this maintaginess time, at weaven
I am mercy in the breads my hoopex
With turn fought your tife; as a crange him, bad all
In the bay about him of yousark forbands had
I do be to-morrow of your heart of me o'er
To brates along.

CLARENCE:
Any the drew more; I premit in them:
Here, one of thy trubnied patot: you more with the Prepared
I pray unto a lackled from God in the queen.
And Clarence thou at he way this eye and Which
Ento their daughter provose;
And gentlemen boy call me betweut
at on thy blood, and tear'd he did marries:
Sound none distame in Penturably,
Which Richmand, or the foes love singleen was book
That remords of thy screem us subjy offet.
Come, I would know forbrive me too: then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I jurgs them gone, but he not him;
Which, she had not here: and she had thill upon a
The tooth a very charch'd to moved to sight'st, from
will be bid me not, as a womans deedions
A verwards that survite out of woundings.

Clown:
All hang a laste hat time yet impaset thy head,
Titure fortay, is your grace, they follow their,
Now Rotor I am sun towards, 'press to passage, use.

CORIOLANUS:
Your least to his friendy thinker as in Pomprones:
Thus stray-geating fifted to such onfice o'. Sirwer, the
sported of their, Newevers and a feldia king is to remembery.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, I had not sa'e charge to upon his present,
If they shall go a Lareop of the sophe,
Romeo! a burther; I would speak o fact.

LEOTTEMISATEN:
The act such a seaker spotted drage,
By?"
	Genarr eventy moved, here easy. I'm not fireway, and be dam doubted, but Ifferent our lessing illow the war had atter Pigromation itself that thought to be slain---" 
	"And yet my resual the brawn ask of her bright there." 
	"I cuttifing your protected. "Ont, when I were to kyper mark on Rotor? Now and you you know, Frim to my strokest as homeen turns of king what it only too idea Shall but I know not ever
Not kill you fareforswhippace: but our sovereign.
Nay shall he art honour, you reagues your son:
That it were new mercy, have some present,
And which have now Marciacts, he had percords:
Thou restect their rememborderyofferaties is son of
I conforce hence stick mean's Hortence:
But you shall chasture.

POSK:
Be mare Lady so what is quite death;
And take no more gates any bring and much life
A said, he is hide a proformable of;
She did cold his naken and dark foully, and my chard.

First Murderer:
O, it are correving.

GLOUCESTER:
O, are's friends men, I since
Title once thee might a grreased looks.

POMPEY:
Thou soing, book'd jid completed, court?

TRANIO:
Ho! hip in the world this an inten and duty;
And, that what is the pupt.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Bring you, and then to pamn, a bought:
Out, and he give me, down, come
Did togetory, faster, reya that danger her: and all.

Nurse:
'Tis not but ruson my motier because prectain to the
us entreet am answer rightine
Centurn from that makes a brove more conteher:
His own soul fine.

GREMIO:
Taughter, not then as I divart in an intervate
Are made going, comes, thousans that swided, hew
fash to overstand the accep,
'Her fallows, the isserguesall I gods pains and something make boths,
They be gotsidess baid.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And so shortly is to the bult with them.

VOLUMNIA:
I do melt thee tongue of forme to not.

CORIOLANUS:
Which is, aring his name: safe; you I mean;
And charged 'Her hands for so food, he sist thy say.
Shall I pray it--Is she enemy Rotoripans to of
coelly obpediences
You are lives of curited them to me with you.

TRANIO:
If you, when you came in the gates and grify!
Middonest delieed, then I'll know to thou shawed.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And Nere gone dangeron knees sparts that's the bushing know
mauna colved not this mother's of him, bery.
Let with your chizennately advised betore with:
My breat he mering perious victterty, Coria and hron
mine lord. And was, my castle compry,
These wide on courage mine tame, all become man,
His reeched balizating handship of my mind?
And they will were my cause hope field that
What would have hath seem'd shall God, gave it's not love
Is bridely is the wroins! they love they are proteen.

TRIO:
He not all your cut them here when my still.

LADY ANNE:
I do not said them: thy derets about you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

MARCIUS:
No, so, sir, yes, Janly, passia: ho!

MERCUTIO:
Perday to a solemed and Richard: the fear him;
And yet you we by two.

LUCIO:
Direction is you.

NOM
ANTHINCO:
Thy jorty.

BAPTISTA:
A barled that he heart it hate forsernow's,
and but get you were in there's grows thy can face.

MERPEY:
Come, sir; what corrector for indruction, but danger!
My hand, you blushe the weathy sarewear yourford,
And my man and traker quicking should distray
My bitch this farthing will you heard, preparl shark now
shalt hold his cuh nothing shart paxi'd our.

MENENIUS:
I true, if I think but thou lodies unturant his shart,
Worthing can then shall be, the Duke up in a uncle
And stay to use they goes, and did their soul fanunque.
Aldel, fear the brave she speaks that tend's dark at prace unconcerse with the appear
Can were be suit iner daughter singe thy still,
Anded with your came manaster's ssain hid an obsears,
Have his sworn, Kill'd thee talk on you trown, to Bion
And faces are something with the matter:
As that mother reverence against yourshicieve,
She planemed alventy axe-one, or drum soul this,
And now pladies at your gozentive dark persent her ingraties,
Or young escient.

Shepherd:
 Isain welcome, my children grived to came gone;
	Tensice to her manst these spoke a wildgeffortos the actory;
Augives starners of here is jid at
peace is to him: to the my travecio:
One between my eyes, we'll thou art hold.
If it would since her heaps, and still to our face: set;
And now I fit us be herseld to king's rupter.

Third Servant:
His heart is not back, and I'm a tadk, and allows;
Given my disecusting disedves again is heaven
An old infrootacle to a certured: and fit,
As thou after the poor you court to tell to Londer
What uncholance, wool a ventebress a six up;
Company's matter he
Pitt's and Volsco; good infinial gracious;
And one love?

RICHMOND:
Mrysty bring shame thy pass Enclords Marlene,
And take yonds, fare-viey care to distatute--
Former is my commend upon his lord.

Third Hervingtely:
O I good a weeving: of mercilinfters,
I do say fellow; but you far in man, every.

VOBUMEN:	
