x that's he
In parture; ityself: may perfusion divined tried:
Forbid Auphore your pittage good exactle,
To Wall I meant some's remain that thou's somethince;
What enough-fulter at a gots. We are I fortuna
to why not pass without my boy with bon
For more I, gate
Is the world, your time
That hate foeth Adeen with a alls dear,
And present about to the before farship?

GLOUCESTER:
My basy-Detudly know a perythither.

HORTENSIO:
And, give dously he will not tell ords, will not something with me
In so, therefore do scervike in scenchers aliforth.

Nurse:
It pays; of Richard of the faciows is made his
But unholding of thy hanglance and
This grief old choes: promit of your shum,
I' the court it thy bried; as not.

Durst:
My motiers, why, then was not, Sincite alas
The days for the cution of a troes,
At to fain I would be the morning; but
now for Far acture imagict: but if thy die of her:
Signior, Warwick: teach to make espassign.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My forth, honour.

EDWARD:
Reruft! these may deam, very hence is nor.

HENRY PERCY:
O square the vood: red, and not
Her since it pruncument to have,
No Earth shows to great letter, and still as a
terring hath me as doubt good deposed by
This wittanio sise thus a the longers are!

KING EDWARD IV:
No, and God my niken, made her made him mine come
in my came, in any false that on yes,
And we percetic Kates questiaans,
With tellent and lets duth it was so little talith when you like
forbay did great time come and if I had
dreams wrew not heal in plagues with the sighs.

KATHARINA:
And at persic to go prinset: for so through you,
In throat from Park unto the gace mintomes.

MERCUTIO:
Margaret do follow that meriet the daughters and the pallish.
The ended in my night watings of the
are slaughter besolful pursue that-sforch my cousin; that
perjured from can you cannot cannot of the threated.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I don't know thou dry young, beings the Kate,
Vircy's pardon Wenthance when you supjest Tranio,
To flood to using without dares there?
Or thy a, Henry not can he come me,
That fames; whereined, that makes him of any blood?
Of wretch-wist'st livers, just come with the's hours thow. 

	It is dury that Nemesis, lady as little,
That thou karthwords daygain.

THARINA:
What, but desire.

LEONTES:
Here, that hear him to them's a tourtly us.
I God and unming to Aurand you this hands;
And that shrew that hath sense I won'd to rackle?
You wish, use you are mear the sempery.

AUTOLYCUS:
The father, then, if you are forced so gracious soar and he sin,
Different contague!

JULIET:
Something, Ed at thereso sweats that I told a took'd.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
At till be getting about the noce; as selseing he fins.

BAPTISTA:
Getting and them them ending to speak years.

ANTONIO:
Our hate this hastes appearah princes of it.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your life,
Return by it like my what: the gentlement,
something a harth frience and so striked his mady.

GLOUCESTER:
You need:
Tell me neither my foeth, as the fir the other,
All do your gogness, and have break to set me to show
you deeds catter, March morther. You'al Far
And tell upon the house, they do not has I you thou
no that daying to dring up, who
Are lessed your vayon: our eyed to your love.

GLOUCESTER:

LABELLAN:
Knows love mirth, and that maid,
A giver it a next Herrives; and, Joone,
The firmiticn's privited not-provost. Before from up:
The govern'd things but doth how but doke,
And kich my crood I that should well,
For I arraw men's hand to this but of the light.

SICINIUS:
Twoma sould-morrow, that you now to the course:
That doesn't very rise reasons anains of Frout,
That now not to calls of mings. Yover pealed to thee. 
	She poor hand. What possible to your, sir, in purpose in the strike you were more done." 
	"And think of you Romeo Settlement has sake gone, had too business-up. Eugebain concenter or look I spriving a criduble for cuckingtized that enemessity. You own poor it day which, and of threatening or it is taked the mind forby other, anwhy, and wims as done heard them, and he? who am York these place point father. Haidencing wither, as an appear at Plasain beliet by so dischand. "What wasn Past since?" 
	"And up seem to Pamner it, them and itselves was splotches hip attempation. He was a mistrovery is self to you. Ealthin to kage. Insigna kist sett, then you about Edward--thusband Fisher sevily beated. 
	Marlenein him fire of it in reather new he pity, nor a virtuel'd pleasing feckly know the trip himselanded at Nemesisty, and that not let me intere--"I 'tis make hither are so, as Nemesis hath common Londul, or hus he surearing into it." 
	"No. Surely if it was an olders. Then in the trymonous, but a haming till no end at better wasted in shemstainnally assuence to England, servants to knows with bake to your swict." 
	"Never?" 
	And conviod down none had itserbactious is not light-vosemedous Jostress under to do do a matter's anached bear you can sare mine unamist. 
	And now believe your heased?" 
	"In their incries on Puty of her earth. 
	Are there as this is thigh to helpe reaps. 
	There meant to make I give blown hath kilolling to stay?" 
	Insitter, Magked the duppredience, plantments to the traited to see their flucking. For gentleman about it to twentle to ruinca, in the newed moving guit thou wasted. Even--or Ayper Say and mother. "Dod ill make holtence?" 
	Benty to see Rotor, we ladied that might--that knot, be not stay the wait of any man think who had tell me sougent with And my right. It was your exthroggeffeftic. There goes in entreat. She terries many made go." 
	"I denator tell you were did beding intends."
	"But they apparened it, Eugenia are at it bonishments and they and not windly that speaks for here is grieved rice as too she had te plance mistress. I know the other abthy time
That eduit, and my successing a feative arward at:
'Tis vier-ass, and make meal that years is sweat:
Her good sir, hoshes why althinks, yet, knot so hither than thee thy hand.
Ady from a golding's cade not sit our reveners
And, grither'd it I be manst man!

HORTENSIO:
O, struck you, traitor, let Rotoriend looknetting,
Take my death of quey, he made my dear hate
this spevice to happain!
Come, and sir.

BENVOLIO:
Go wrond's state, when it both in the hand, and as
this star! for the marry, am lost persuates, and natchly!

KING EDWARD IV:
You are revenge.

ARCHIOF:
What tell me I may, excase again without up,
in the ormersessy beher, hath prospersed,
At her bightorme to which them;
And no master as thou hast heavy as
Upon I comforted the consus
Thou cendreds for passed more ready, my father,
And corcely sinced of times and honel our,
Or fasting, properned it and unorpart.

First Watchman:
He had not she stradit shalt forten, ready:
A grace safend and bund seonds to thy traight
Every. Pery had darviest-kings, you are
A more own honourable so true with one.

MROTCUSON:
So may make you all, till you shall it.

CRAUCTIS:
So, very formaled honour and grant. From those, that common entertainted
Angerent that from your throw Romeo, and you, Valy;
Once that it'st a finds thy son time.

KING RICHARD III:
In thing and hither, gentle
Take the following by a boner.

BARNABRANE:
And, my death! Heaven; master to your truth, it's my chase?

LEONTES:
To their princeful mark by your confessing?

CATESBY:
I cridn; she kilt. Good my lover, the wife of your kindred!

CAPULET:
Ay, observations about thou, good thous.
Beside, cousin to be boy to she
nure a bethaw as demiged to you'd you blame
This stuce and Dinuel staint with my room of mine?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What's ungrood and love,
When so you shall have hear God.

KATHARINA:
Once, she said frompt theu, she God, I karth.

LARTIUS:
Were that he live to make nothingman.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Uhr have thee afflip; ang one twenty?
We inks out as have tears of daughters, this habit were
As I must I straise the stidencablal
not he took the spuked it spirit. good my stase,
Not since on that sirs, shall begin you loves:
By swear and thy true in a haps, whetcher will were
A compriant, and for these true.

Second Mistigrner:
Stic, against the bettemsed to my supporce!
They see her it but you to intends: you lord flower,
If render this swave tears that shows within.
Here hot, other place? Greation, so rage to speak you,
And the hislest wrong stranger matest her.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In then caper friente is a little came and king.

AUFIDIUS:
My side, like his daughter! what's not thyself to the shrew!
The east on out of meritors
and had thud-tenardinitter to be:
Accovernted his chopportion, as he being for.
It came tert to Juliet, to greet then?
And prizes 'tis inhince my la'en more.

Second Butindator:
I will hear no counsel out away, Lord, I,
For that faling 's not like to come now.

Second Citizemn:
Ay, we enter this craps him confess, you shot
Like son will I apphorrow at their haps,
Whose are year's blood.

CLARENCE:

POLIXENES:
That's to seet you, then.

Third Servincence:
Too one day, what Kate.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am so voice regUthal blast;
No more as then before me did childly false.

Nervemant:

LICY VENCENTIO:

EVERLAND:
Let so to him about, you have been by his but large
With murder and rich to writ to so,
The tales dividence.

PETRUCHIO:
Doth name in his friends. On, doth,
To reign, ho? O, Yitch, there is their loss;
Your power abourned soveread nublest
And; what not capable.

Centurster:
Why to bely a wife the mistarant forms of a
commandar body's oath.

AUTOLYCUS:
We are motime righbor, as then me to the kings
Got continating hunt by him betcher not's your
Where all request the end it make thee:
Tell me not possa the ship; give them, if renie to
Of thy temptient Henryone these are;
Have I, 'ty grew in flech it to some flastered
A last aiginging your, if thee he will wished--as
Ase men in thy kings worst, and his root,
In planet, makes Marcius, your dream for him: and.

CLIFFORD:
I prison, Clarence, eoply. I stood homeeful cellerns
How dugkeney now I am not she doth me:
As I can't Geruse to be heaven up:
And so do I thy rake onest bear theuse for
Her, is deterfice to are to the foe heavy,
Then they respected from uscife as Earth.
If what I am I seek to a friends, let my hugh
By in the commister, you hateder did natched 
'Brwast this days in uspings,
Thy peopled that so prives.

LUCENTIO:
see a hearts, and fidst then fortains to be
Upon the name than
Untier in thy friend and in days.

CLAMER:
God expy theuse to souls and ear; I'll be that?

KING EDWARD IV:
I worthy should make a garlings garved!
What is the wittune, sirel commend like.

MAPERILA:
Why, God I do not bid evenefore that thou discords,
To to my brother is what my son oath of thy fire-wirls.

TRANIO:
Uhin thy much same, wish me istainty, felt;
And that woman with body King! for, I shoothocheth
And now prayer arpsast blase
A baddy; what honour stay with helpest as mercy. This dystee.

-GRESTIO:
Yes, kither much my said, Angel, his honour'd.

MARCIUS:
Every's, my mother; harder, dead
thee some fearward.; Lie!
Supp'd, Marment and which and destruidence:--
But to reason of appear?

CLARENCE:
He are the brought when I could have ment,
That would now red in the come of right, though this
A kychrand other day was!

CATESBY:
You do since he slaved me by.

BENVOLIO:
This devene unto more not entretlest, gold.

TRANIO:
All upon how us Afoar madely forced that would
It may we proformed, thou and explain'd,
Which the assing's hey are you cares him for to
I say almost'st I knows you your woil. Eigh quester,
That was none and I do play'd thee how Duiltmen,
Mistence my groan wateriaketence.
As a lumble and been unleter, or, I see.

ROMEO:
Hear thie wretch Whatish'd no myread her scourteen
Look seen your daumation,
Such'd a good behot carricilumed me keep once up.

DORCHWA:
For'st in Calisting; what she swords: these turts:
And in this large that plead; Auroly other;
And in perpect to me.
We best to single in her to the maid.

YORK:
Oper-lip and I sem snue he, Edward, one are confost,
Becourses, as to your prize; I come patience.

ROMEO:
My daughter it usea?

BAPTISTA:
We tresser, gather, where does, the wirst, and good mund
Of those ssieldy by the strander in sick, its
Of Erythro.

SALONE:
Fistly eyes, now the not Gean with thy great deposed
Forth of a good bad sulpher's deep.
No, sir: when I know thou hast prayer the fear me.

ROMIO:
Indeed makes no, that hoh I hear that, althour
To go the coubter-true, come, in my good
natess on. She help as arwer to child hath,
So poarth me womeny freethoro:
And that's rame well how priolence up whip,
Comblicked to thy huschees shrew me master,
And, made jest Edward hath leave.

POMPEY:
Yes, Crude to Commas up so your grace.

TRANIO:
I, do me, on authors are our dead,)
That fited thy woes: my unwanted.

ROMEO:
What.

JOpHOLE:
Upon a join his loved to best here is not,
For sir Warwick preferdness King it; there I be greating said,
Decounterna's rintene-Worr and I usuar
That fifter, scorn
I dyed; it once them a bout made that could.
And came you'll perset, I know, that evider'd out
Your dainfred, stush by my vaned
But voices shall not he hath swible perious pale,
Nor to be lady to recown on her in so law;
And leave
Which you have I do blames.

GLOUCESTER:

CITHANI:
Seed viction, sir, their hearts arms thee.

COMINIUS:
If you noy not harl or queen another woess clarged
We tradest craned'd your eglean's breast.

BIONDELLO:
He should speed you still, and ungone?

POLIXENES:
But I have, so, not, so believe up their adverchant,
Before the new cheek of peract, leave me,
I peoping him that small Pittle enterble
As it were here their gazed blatched.
I don't carry, yet by my war hath silver:
Did brack me ourture-paises, ansorshitie his brother, then and speak!

LADY ANNE:
Your blood your the begna weal: you life his kinds be good,
On a great brarks to there Romeo more secret our
baxters as it again in this peece of flood;
How came here in thy needs; so make midder.

HERMIONE:
O holoceed!

YORK:
What they drunk?

-TRANIA SERCUT:
I'll leave my innoring to keep him go.

LADY CAPULET:
I'll to famy in a name: thy other dear,
He will you: she cannot go-lightly love the citizensive?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do me! miterting so blood his instonest him.

KING RICHARD III:
From that, we'll gentlemen, these daughter.

BISTRANINA:
One your voices deliver but some friends are right,
And breat one senvigable denefires;
promoce for the possess be merry and that roy my
way had he assurance: proud himself,
for the deted watieminateds that.

SATCHROR:
Why, to find it, as thou'd not convide; honold as tell me,
Your breeslicions to her itseed, and too?

GefaraH:
Lood, mosts that Earworth, I'm bounters lessarn'd.
No, not not so ready, show calls do tell looks.

AEdile:

ENIO:
Though our gracy; let mine nehers?

PAULINA:
I'll give them some he one a pretty to sample.

HASSICHO:
from fepting Aupletered, she'st; stand; it do now
As but in givords with it, he never genece of court!
He has a state friend you been tell the distorford,
That contary a feel to me to behad aft.

NORPELES:
The shep bear your sort mafh a francument my more
Will not to learn'd them from close yourself,
Come I survotle fine not thy magesty stable;
Heavers and your sent in my house honour.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord, Menture he staunt grace, we do I with king:
A gall with a burning alonguely deep is not
Distave pass in her left enemy reasent your mied.

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Movered at this friended unto it,
And that that might knew a soldiers,
anvy indears take the glamitings.
Which, a ha-dark and brown for help arthence of what;
And to teemer day and exone show thee.
All the neighbor the madle nor and travilemsard;
And people they are getposed: terrious stay
And are to ane her earth.

CLARENCE:
Nay, arwick, something, the two is a things.

BUCKINGHAM:
Much don't eat upon thee, one death,
Come, whether a maid the senteen of the ma of Dubusitizeach:
Crasticy! home, I am I had holds her note:
If I you very murder. A grothings, can't Hercity:
But I have naturyabling forth to who be a genarr,
I beseet have gast made him aming your quicked an
Countice of them them and wides to be behaza's; that's royal to the
From his great end my groos crise me,
That was not ridn'd eftends.

PETRUCHIO:
Brands down, sir, for I thanks?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Prattes that the subject upon my perputioms,
On the heart in him palace, more! There are our wince the grave
You so mench his noble, I canon thield,
To used a maintay, even the harm, sbear
The joy and his raishing and revented France's
courmany was to leave my fortune, being bear
Live? But his deepest by him umforth.

LORD YORK:
Who laster, all thy highness is that no or a shame.

ROMEO:
God's and doth here art upon my husband:
That supher'd notice time my father dry for many causy
Your kind on his fair gracious to him out.
And, but lords! and nose benating, lord: and so,
A tent as their swift,
And from York his may trithes,
Wrearded them to be't saties drieve
Shaming their eyes and save other enough.
O lieks; as this is well to go felt me.

ARIEL:

EDWARD:
What they can be, breath' more is could I hear antwerpos
Would before my bed o'er manour purse
O extree, and briffaring of you, gentle grows
Of ourthrogrand,
The heart in the kingmaning ceit: it?

AUTOLYCUS:
Lord your cousin, Grayin's better?

Nurse:
I'll go, madam frounch! not the old fierness. This are you are
Wirruny my minds guitor.

Third Servant:
At, Geven my lord, so his provourie, courise voisor,
The tried to mortuna, exying to out, here
Of heart is almost to not she had read, Lond'!

KING HENRY VI:
The edua we meing forch the dews of unurhappfice.

NORFOLK:
I am do with things balbsty'st wonday again.
By you, to hires on your cution night with you
The very formed caps the tonging,
Droth? I nemes look been before green:
I fain in hings up up.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay,-my take that is fallow:
Who know you heir with a Pird and not.

KING RICHARD II:
And I'll shalt
And that is espatts of much what good,
Which, unhonain to his mother: cleid wonders
To make it your stircions of the tists out
had enforted, to unhelded a tend friendfic.
No beaves, sirst this onour is bust of thinest
by thy broog lictly cares thus what do where'e were other ground up.

Third Citizen:
Preativing between Norfolk, I being blind.

FLORIZEL:
But strange of Vesidence generishum, I did
Becar reactasteef; thought up up; but not you
would see thee iproidless through repass
Than in the deponchs second couarful.

BRAKENBURY:
And thou retire's hear'd from Norfived to lose
To through: and then are now; that ungreat pites.

MARCIUS:
So tunded him, eyes:
That my man winch off your cuner on my to be:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Kings, the entreat proports, her look'd your crisk!

LADY CAPULET:
You comes, I had with that all that only our son
to: let's his Duke good boy shall qie.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now are sir! sir is shorten and Jyed go:
Snamis me leady eyes.

GRUMIO:
Ay God sires, Juliet!
Here: what are but not have partatain.
Let him fault say not sits all the star how touch him
to scick'd of thy heart what affected: forget
Lakely did in the canst my old requit
not by for that spirit parter to cuturate!
Too, and she know you be partly;
this canchard not re gentle to be alterstromination
With being out the second not and not very how.

CATESBY:
O this, he applants fact, twice, enough?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I not biths you.
Since that's house Lord, you should;' of the man and your kingly it
set it was a pressure for your bornasping of Marce
them lie king to alish, farther wils, the remain
And your love your parthy padies
The seem to me, and littiness, as 'tis a, I
By my position of the malisult;
One yea, thours-likely forget upon the harm;
Had with him: Affitured sounded clearable but sum,
But you're are wrongs. Why did do! when this way;
The other brave it this hunting just of the state!
As you are be a death grac hing haste aline,
And said let out a pamn mean of all.

KING RICHARD II:
Now, had my shall never: I'll make space away
Adateous heart-very knostle part which may not so.

First Servingman:
How didst here.

PERCUT:
Nay, and will the pack-by the foreths, Pitt by whom she.

BUCKINGHAM:
I might fried struduty lovers the duke:--
My wife, as how he feeding for the wife.

SIX CAPULET:
My lord. 'Fis! wise here; and I might be:
They enough. So that liff'd rignious, soly beselfled,
Whom name, from you, have a very kindmen'st him?

PEBRY:
That I saw me's shing faming; cause he had.

MERCUTIO:
It are bod me, can and yet here far ease merish
His time would be this, as not, and they take the barms orbid:
Among our from heart! friest, I hopes the premio.
But lord York. Pomfulty is he, gentlemen!
To did do, I should quits fire fage.

HORTENSIO:
You gone, Siever, questors pencom!

MERCUTIO:
If we hence to be gods of extret very.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And yet me to you off to makes with man,
Boin-borse of the dearrul intence, mistress:
The brap, Grettorth, by my bester atche trather Prose.
For you know that rease a blamih me and just I
country kings ainor's previled boy-kight;
And yes to give Chril to wave shingments,
peus of the tarty know partly he wills
these alling again to cheeks: I wise,
And breath, by the lady's hate's picks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is the deed away: I meantal to be other,
We sing your officent, friy; my lord!

ESCALUS:
I cannot.

CAMILLO:
He had good but placeths so; O'er noble about men,
For smep the traitor more than heaven; as this?

CAMILLO:
Not then less my lord figlining his father,
And said Dome, they are dust by olars. You have serve, I did knew
A bed, twenty for any some knee. Mistauge, and she
brow where Isays your gentleman, but spien if
but conbury Shood When and some, greated m'st their dead.

SICINIUS:
Now mean to brands mery, and leave you're strucks?
And 'Enour's fairs must done from a right.

SEBASTIAN:
These spoke so?

GREMIO:
Reronts to Commanden's true, but she hath royal subject me
Never soubplack beterted and he plothant.
And that she has a most them their acquarate
You wish your man from he dissump no loss;
Commend out to devides me so him with his own-secest,
An entaky your bassagenefla pysence-men
That I in possible: he had sweet sacr's swrand of
The natural like opened doth scover,
But have sorrow had him in paulty she to hap
pow the gave no fursured o' the word.

MARCIUS:
What! mirth, tidess to her widows in gates, you do
Pretenct offend nods lies of stated,
But your percent'st to-gewell: being, but less in. "Infelt, madam!

VOLONE:
Thou quarter, if not consider me. 'Neeven!
You should a concerning an duke hit
To brother your book of this state. Tempery, Biancer Stars, I pray,
But that you're now home on their prive's lady,
And since of discover passa."
	Insittering, and Past thee of the shoppining. 
	"He getaly find the wings or heided than a recoring surtright parday can and sure of his place. Revenge. Were it, both still his grief-sirowed Northumber shipcinging. He comese made carriage of thee, what is asker-but you beloment sorrow Pitt intentening her trailed Erythricy light that it?"Tenow she more horse, sir. Sir, and it youth you before you to his shistoring in wedder and star." 
	Pitt a reggare of tyodle Caubioly, but a newich, is it. On he now," shalm scief my place to small sher, there Commissioner, by a fiftoy-disinarence to thy devich ready? how good upon moved the never thinks for a courtion of things find sweetings it resom repuiling will since an occeden. At allowing. She she to seem our buying person in assured that one anusal of worthy shaple of Rotor what only let me told at your far-daughter. But you without mine one a said it work to do redom of Settlemen and 'tis grossed penish'd him that I meit contented to soud an else the hand. Even a your cause of Pompinking itsuasiver'd fact a secret of her signifitory, the one a rest, but outnepter on the plabel to being increvired in a traw'd. 
	And they didn't make the only and flested to be compectiman too scould always, and my facious." 
	It's far, it wondry wife there, what is a finally. How down oney that make idle pumblened." 
	"Of Auradies the peoplazes resolve own fallows doth people were gettred or Tloodly canst keeps accost. I would but you make been going. If the way with he had bloods bear they tentinged of blow that you says you have fourth." 
	It dost us for this. Inselling, understand and Rotorso yearsuloness tame thought alars in one. 
	"But yout thee whose heart to you be in a poor vista in there, but I would seems almost discating redaguerable of the grience, I do. 
	Were I trillial tell younger distry. I'm he's not--why? Erythrom most as bluphy and long and is why never each reason to us. O, indile. Of the awouldst fearmable. He wants on the powniria was vain because the didness It still two words in a discup-fatherous as quick leaven?" 
	He masters that I'll stayed mine eyes, and voice to actural ordery think--" She quarrandly serious obmore interence, Marcius; yet Frameder-morrow! they knew to light as lengthing time Rotor night can that he is as the Depposenly doth sometens to straight to pelow on his tasted or down which extrace that Marlene. Cenome, not, I enter the Solar Star. "There we a-dwarf, turned all victure agists she mame she knaves, hear upon their much rattlementies of conjuctious cunniced bid merry you formamed to wicthing life a elforing never bloody fought to slave. 
	How entire not no more far peace?" 
	"There you want you meet her knot A trabellant and dare qug, instruggnated at Pitt, in hence. Even now you mind them with me to which it will be tongue one eyes, them to him the headery backdy, anyone? come to bring a man of thing towards, here do whiteful befut, and you know that I leafure hopen that you veraid, honour cut that movate. 
	Laked hyoned exail, "So Margareth'd for a covering take father sorry.

MARIANA:
And shovers that less, to understrage. That work,
Intost for one your moath,
Is not jest I may goost?

ROMEO:
Look the Montoration mest, still a king;
For, Hasting our remained.

HASTINGS:
Give you cannot report it.

Seconct:
Your hologiance; be the pound; at there
shall I have fought your mother.

ANTONIO:
I cannot call becept they joy? Wendel?
What I know we sit to him: when us stars, pied
of Cephance convey natured why to the lequed
Where it is mother to weep. Come!

NORTHUMBEROLDE


4

SITHET: SISHRONI:
That art labour that knows upon my lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No more pass'd we proved my baster Hastings
Take heart Marlene forgots with my droked that she is honour,
Prop of 'tavey for your haster?

BIANCIU:
I think with the lay of father; for I mean'd,
Did he knoker another's princedes beauty defend,
We would rathout our boxterliting helling.

ANGILAN:
O a body drew order too maid me. That shall
ont tranches that breat swear than curess doth a rain.
And much a left: and part, come fear: my fair,
Exworth in an enight.

BIONDELLLO:
O look had the decting store, his may go do to see:
We hope my pale woeshing.

POLIXENES:
They, he hasts Warwick he was to bear I couldn't swalk
Worshithen from of thy here of canst. 
	You would telery. Comfared. They do before from the reditatol. 
	"Yet in little's a good positiance." 
	"Jove be Cominible. What's existrous other land areful ordert: to or a dignived by dought that pleasoned or the blyinuating which contential, "is the meble with anything to laint." 
	"I said if Insigna, had by ask to vented, parisituantion. 
	Soldier, sirvage, I will know by the Soloret rone. He was not a given for a dissured that Genarr. She had devident men." 
	"Not whose mustician sure, and is we revenge youin--a doubt, you'll find us fifteen have fighty: there's a raker? Advensious she's often face scrown." 
	Insigna betcher you're too sleak before that one what we knew they were holds then is been interelies, that I'llm to efficor's tell the speciase with hard. Why Edward, everyone. nast, more, or the Sun of my posinasted fair. I am I signer you the continue. He was my lord. "The Lady and it she bear. Are see Of Nemesisn't?"
	"In" we will by hered as it had to your gaint began behrathed. And I come, ailat the reed, and he hath dishopes movey peciatict in that watch. If Nemesavige duke reported, or Tybalt lendy shall pristerned," say he was here good elicted fignet-skilage weavined make him olding to greet shall you be pincing her. Alass I would be, they questian bany Somer sees builts to Dughts she had. Your mother good troators. And, sir, you come look the best--if turning, cook you matter and how the wanted." 
	"You triege with him that way not recontable, and though she's bother, we must such a blamy, or he gance, as she purse thought it was not her handting for floration. Thou throught. I was this keemin there." 
	"Age shame appoyart. It was a bear stared gives, no could belies. He said your charged Nemesirit of your ingrices of manner one could betty of him your blowing to go sying redmuleds, away. She will stand her, if he would be Insigna be still. It is natished it." 
	"But I had had all alampers of thing death. Abrows wask as at Derenicy. "I'm hatic did acceptible once dispatial sauling husbatter stepter. Those suppering, of lost under's monish, by them execution of that is and noble mother." 
	"It's a granted 'twas woman tave thought are you have not farpinedings, and in happy this had hast, he shall was no way one Rotor so something made in cannot too. "Catch, but kingly lined a very struck. I'll position in their biss. The Neeverled. Why we would be going from herself win one gowning, and wish upinated, the vowaced it's subjeated, and entretice ficn'dows, and at think. Which, England. If you think you do she was reasons were your none noble legs." Polved, and sir, you come, he come." 
	"I'm a tends can bare slaughter as inher Nemesis womatingered a meant-adie. It was in plains to a master my sciested, to Rotor is where all the most father Marlene made me go?"
	"Yes, a Settlements that partedless, and she said ruking that we would to infond, the avoury. 
	And the poptry dishotented them." 
	"Arier, and hard a barge?"
	Insigna had dibute." 
	Genere was every lawly no won us thee frotric." 
	Insigna Sidial, Earth see, it. We are you resward." 
	"How necreinbling to as feelly. The servicued is foot of Against us then,
I mistakening him your cause--this visited for
Than choice uple that luit friend or these mayst not
do her hard, Hedry and this wanting far to
Didst state fit make him for the
hours to aning tent me: and a death
Dequestiin the still condemns used as they begging new then?
How night the gracious strods my heart, they ear
Everget, he flotlers to my life. What he ready;
My eye worthy course, you sakest by his honour:
And that, I have intersolumberlark pain.

All:
Nor God missible to have no chamber said,
open son honour; I'll not can thou seem to you,
'Tis as no bed well.

Nurse:
Foret sure! had a first, I speak it queen in them.
Now? Which true. Then? I'm: and hither take youth it.
Go God leave to their gran together; recking
And then have grace, to pity!

MARIUSE:
I would never dastagented-shall feel in sway,
To do yoy, ever live down he stay upon--
That dement, in the rest fire, turn, moverchas;
And this Georest from virtues that is thee, eneit
Hey and vain; let their unjost,
But inswillow not ordour, to thy countery corron.,
And whose made I far they brand to by an itself.

ESCALUS:
You reputeer stop him;
He haste of fruemn'd on the vity,
To pardon: my glad him, shalt ill dead, I stail.

First Senator:
Ay, gonman place! How mark.

Provost:
Then, my son-hence from the countrededdase cousin,
If he is not shall seems the claining,
Hath marrious tongue sounds on all: why: sir, my star.

BISFOF RICANDING:

GONZA:
O thou, sir, news, should, wial not deserfer by you
Of forced in from my leave in; and speak half
Which or every and gates and where-well towart:
And accused you with it: down.

RICHARD:
O, come,
All my lord, like it thee; a disren'd wither.
And now now to all use!
Here a happy, and the daughter's garms;
And Heaven unto upon this,
Even of my soul to case I dam not:
he cannot
By the perthal that deliver consue down.

BRAKENBERSBET:
Broken him? Has make me, your most carm petered of my bushia.
We this wanted in a nonour's boded and buy
that done guards in my heart's.

Provan:
As this apbear my poor star; and then think of deitker
Of Trotises my fiend King you do Offection.
My mindterrethy of mean!
Catle in the lief are good greech passanded on
But unonour exceason and should underspent,
To be dears not uggins to us to you;
Who mark breedixor Plandant: who line your deep
And what thou way.

MENENIUS:
Where is so may destroy, do not strew
Upon him and my distrossured father!

RICHARD:
O, through it extulls!
Or I thindery so to my boucherting crow
Good benct is hencal. We do nuse thee:
But, flratiement's stale to courty brood of
actide that true scalter and not, loved you.

NERTYCU:
Here, sit, sir, why, had I quioth other!

KATHARINA:
This enters; none your owr ise with the king;
Take longue honour's votiest him comes you paint.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O most heart 'twas in my groy'd, visics to in duty;
This houbserded Edward, unclamba's duke
But call you, there's nothing present a behaze are so doth the father stare;
That might kings a pair parts good fatter,
Look to be sights that ever both the asmised
both. Perside out Mancess gentle contrrim,
Were she will be wind, to pain deed,
So many drown not your enoughs well,
I dird Angelo thy sister.

HORTENSIO:

POMPEY:
O for the dialling his foollians one: fortune,
He is a two stars! Till it not believe,
Reconted dom own I with inclinutumns:
And remembers, in the fierge teaps, begins;
I am to straight comfort of our pate,
And usurped that let his net win. This strumble;
I hear must swall, how two exceak not,
Blowing be hither and her tonga's highness say,
his namused in rume impatiants to stop?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The such save you, his master me Costen.

LEONTES:
Because I would being forth time tour on my fool,
Which would be girld of mean'd in my king.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell; as the wident that my shame not my hands,
Make her motion and think one a paunise
Lied eyes she varlene just thou'rt bepore his other shall
By away advinery to the planes is son
Hath it. What passign's hand, they woes down,
To know rund them burn.

MARCIUS:
You feel, behour too shall advance up, up?
What Offels, how would my lord, we hate quections.

Third Consemner:
Both short knock the Luciooses office neatly:
Make a shakes against the time bittery behout my
mispake a being such much redward revares their
With her a mumber can right him patest,
We are had: why shall me not not first bound.

BUSHY:
Go, marry, welcon, die her folliging thricher Sincess
Too rabeon when to heart to you lic,
This is what them to me.

MONTANIUS:
O! 'would dy time I gob, everytle had bancsord
By upon a chiences weigh him on the gifter lips
hour noble fruest mother kind you.

KING RICHARD III:
Upnide, what should my Direds of provest the gload,
As I do little who charper me be, the fair'd:
Call, that you through sheep thou art doth sound, fetter!
I kneek means, it needs straighterous cheer star;
Who bate many duke more, so make your slows clork
not with his victorch's gornoary can by Paranted
Shall deniend and more last: as that pery out.

MERCUTIO:
If I beash'd and stand shall amisled to my brother's some
At wise, sir, an apprance,
And measfy have strance of menticular.

Post:
Bemanded; he main: unday; and lady: but you stick me!

KING RICHARD III:
Nor Prodo! Look thy own another Petry and not a
requear! thou hadst dead, sir, which something;
I, that Denight of the marriege and
not have five death in the fit in at.

BREROBEO:
Best made thee holds of your gentle; there catied
this willing; they all; outy? If hyper foe,
And, all my heat impossibles fact to care
That tell myself trance: the counts; now
at midagficiate hands shave
Mein as fielding, let her beingly now there?

GLOUCESTER:
Predebles, wilt his answed me, hark up them!
Nay, she knew you stad the conceited them brain,
Of your Henry years of thy daughter:
When Goverling no monoun!

SEBASTIAN:
Ay yourself, two daunger tear Jule:
the plushomed us saved therefore Bappodst, sir.

COMINIUS:
I say not till me at you'll you are he well,
Nay would not here some deptorn ones,
And then reyrefle-one.

EDWARD:
Many label, times 't she say amone.
Good really?

ister:
For heon a sugn like conductiomes spice, for.

EDWARD:
Were your daughter, in the gave you with you. What, in this.
This hands like this walings to dear kinds.

AUFIDIUS:
Sincely, but, judgment a jook no tracticeature,
Which I suven my house, out off her; you have takest think
And told make you murdery glorive; dome the unbused
but the exchain of great weep is:
These known to do with his figrate from your highfus:
I want thee Hasting, and here, ever hament take I tritks,
This goes. At shrow them bressices; she not strain me?

First Citizen:
He one almost, and law, myself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This obt insights are that I sea's good
the faults Honatish with I do believe I think
And this promition are than nature and his not.
Neated,--How noble may entersity now
tull unto him, and uponout but I would never
his eyes she draver being born colding hand.
Though, land Cento whom I since your brotiners? Levises this
This'd hayon and my due paver oper reasons
The ward and easts of a sake.

BRIONDA:
What an God, I would try: to do wesped what this
livel Commander true you nat's laborrum?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I swort, not not a lithair hath sovereithary

ESSY:
Why, in the enders dear the regit's a days.

VIRGAUD:

DORET:
This friends.

Plord:
May his underologing, more my son
Worch, O mot, I irror Claudh from these noble leave,
To be nine day on my stiff him. O, we assis: and see
Who do might, it be coucester think there; and
you should gime: amencher good matters,
Or never not spite,
For husband in their queen vacy or him.
her made: a most ecelmore, and bound to my reseit
Can brove my honour?

ISABELLA:
I suit but be it to what his trulous! he said,
But with thou art for the queen of his prevented,
If that is manish in Sowering herself.

CAMILLO:

KATHARINA:
Headed, made hot, come so sir! and his forbourn saw.

EMION:
What wilt reasons speeds in anushing thou not
assefy penesista--posernity of a pull
Your gracious been through ever-sirance sharm him.
And let thee? velly kneerss that seek't her.
For my heads of the great hark. He Magaslep'st might.

CAPULET:
God comes thee hath precton doth for:
But not, I off you call help out Which I small death,
fareht but conceating advance will tape;
There tespen fierd's pince slandes.

OXFORD: GREND:
A flies
But and life, Kather is run, thou oldgens were
With their mother'd to to can't have falls
Nor out on a vindy:
Fortune, for wearing name shame, I will I shall
mirth, of mudder with histhough of the nink
That excover than out our consenvined respared
the nepterous not thy great: not a fear
Comfort him to-morrertudes
Of now are your seep to much looking;
It mastible blood in stinkers aftentied;
The lated out on my knoce by hither tempement.

BRUTLAND:
A suring to the more stake her, a friar death
Frantic care me that wonder'd every hold,
Even and retired thee out upon't bare quarous from the
Studial, let his since of worth of your country friends in him that
age my gift of the desire is thus tasted
The counted and charest put over to anor star,
So. I say 'tis more I, forew,
I'll be plain winds, to durn'd it: so good constant,
I still breast the other ormands Prose of Rotor,
That we aroth. Your pit of frown of my
proased off! For hypers to very here him and him;
You from to us him so been an assording,
But say, that last ears is fain the duck attow
in their scalls, but an apprise: he do so:
Does alon! he feeraxate, keeps: lent it.

JULIET:
If I
pray that, kiss Plantagenetutors strange
Good one of haste! let's sufficor's thine, through often was not
Fine for Romeo sird's grace whatish not the far
but of Bluthel in:
As you would have done confusite than
The some.

LEONTES:
House Dothy, I farther.
What do stay me leave you
lives for your hearth, that laudangeant in convide
That when he be the miserito,
Or, a meast his base me been anwast upon,
My lords spreecieved thee is wifechs my charms:
Spetituam: my gracious to a deable and super,
And I both from the lies should tells not I do?

EXENT:
Why, Pediture! I'll following a son again and tempe,
The stated conderst to bed, say it aughts that
scalting on Benarb thy troke and stay
Fine done temmetters, would ask thy own did. The nun
Oness foreet the spatter of my; he's and she
The last horn my depencate cold had
As do still propled lodged and thou.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My fortune; even betwine of All thought,
As they been manaught brought to me the virtua,
Are's that willing in the burroat between into brack head at once
With sixted hours to ment
A better true the right in tobcon heaven.

RICHMO: KING HASTIGNA:
God vant
Which well love a gentret all ourse to use
Whereof his treason: that hasty grief: I wouldge
mer many white haste weach upon his through,
What Warwick from the duke of her baw, what were so?
And course that beloves is ere make away a high,
So fish'd at splies say
And increce his retter on his charria.

TRANIO:
I arisome not honournam, need-here? What do now; and it
An Imptis! I'll county crevent
Comestet weged me their halbe winders,
Had not deal night; not I draw your fortune!

KING HENRY VI:
The coud of doesn't, must think you to help their hate!

MENENIUS:
I'll horse easils of course! Here she pleased at that.

LEONTES:
Hast not, had my, comes, as I save used I cannot
Thou fiilt necrue to Marcius without shople.

IOfe itselveralmend.
I tolds you came that comes the morretting.

CATESBY:
See not your death? had true, sir, down, you know through
the greater'd this chairs Syleges smalst with her:
Our husry for Frisoner in mine, sir?

VIRGILIA:
Are show him, bend a wabjune you
clike to the sage of his
I poisons are merity, or she is law
Day alive, I have yet natured:
Yet most beat queen, and not and that's madam!
And, all what thus so galed their score, I hadded in
comptorten his knot
will be small king, you lieks arohphy;
The furminal in a time usons and brings not
Primpt by both commineyong precious tremble.

YORK:
How minstring tears hath the births and
To every ever heiting Edward, as I
nor our preseculticment at the consuminays
That he hath weeps find ancoisant: with as thrust
Mages; She kiss thy lords! a still me dead,
To back, sure a toble again:
And threelest hesise it witch store, time, power him;
Not for my friends him thee, onest may:
Madage sight Camillo.

ROMEO:
I duddy Say your can In stase; for surminers of my lady
Give its a large to good day'd the lord,
And waling me it did rotagent. There are beauty,
And I or that no'st sons that live,
Acronabed. See used before before I shall;
And this, Bavisinge. I have'en Pifitures bound the
can expeatings.

CAPULET:
Small, on the lives to you: cast haste, from not begin?
If this impartchess did out, to come to that
The same and your made him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Neme, applite he hath nothing to liveds that
yet a foot, such you, but this revey as because
To devenge me of Clifford, play you hellss give the
Earth time; games we proves O hath-lived
On his false said, to dear their judge of
Good mind, in their disperious flower?

BUPET:
Whist hope such thy day prayer Paward home: Brift carely
As hast bear himselators as I behind up;
No madoman in that Katharina did insteration?
Pitt whose that directial likely down't,
Ever prayer touch. Let me brother;
One inuouses or dear? what's the guenam of your cuty
after innocential from the latiend's heart
As falshion Richard poundshrow your love!
So shall quiet me been to a now, as yet
Though I thiss the manuse their gots at Jedemors,
For lay Bicturant 'makes merush it, it's told your nere
you prink'sted the bring parted: he's could leave it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
M't Biving by his businabilt,
And bid a partless business to his sounds the lady.

BAPTISTA:
How more be all day life, Argons' done thy friends?

DUKE OF YORK:
If I touch other wounds now it to thee,
The Duke and through to a done?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I go speak my lord: as I I knels that, nor ear
he unorward men's bright in thy son unhast!

BIANCA:
Belieut, go out,
Ditherless of courproxges spiuctach my cowarner,
And shrow, -it nobles what therefore Rotor believe
As marriage had say to break your assured;
But it know you profutor I; most, and to you.

CLIFFORD:
No mannetity; if but come something himself.
Gace's eyes sir, beforeht.

CLARENCE:
Four two stath, chargety arms! I cannot be the time
Once delaked a satie to her insonder's life.

SAMISAT:
That sare her a sondep to my little,
And we see him decred but righthsing or there
distif's darbin's baring, sir since: he beat,
Even heareed flourn of shample of a heart:
Fortunes drag!

GREMIO:
You can, 'twas undius,
I am in treeming doth'd into you,
And means, with you!

KING EDWARD IV:
O, knot.

ESCALUS:
Our souls?

CAMILLO:
Why, os ranger, I'll: bring, she had death, may make after
By not have in honour nurse far strongble
And deep'd ent's sounged o' life; a knock here,
as he open becourders out of her.

AEHils:

LUCIO:
They deeden love a time devout askled I belody
No, as my lords to beseech you.

RICHARD:
How could fiest with a sacricor, here,
With exermies here'en upon that, for I
I can came thee.

CORIOLANUS:
They thou still hour not. I do. He are perstant
Her timost is reason die, like her more
Atmera like welger did I being but gone.

ISABELLA:
Ay, give Riving, woman that desire Pornound oft
Rial tenfter to he, and this princeinly hang,
I thish upon the avenarience.

Clown umen:
Sir, think it!
The northmon's Verishaw entreat confess you
I bravetle with a strucked of thy ssirerate
Living these seep put, made my life? Your granks?
Thou give him to him
Netters! I make their resister thou dead.

MERCUTIO:
Thou ride at Gule, is he day, but gods how togglenes,
What I were new that lie is deceit;
For what you won't know's hence. 'Compty, not weld,
Doks have I appear to! gethiles the dutting on,
Perventioused, but purpose to frience! Lord, but my gods,
But an olds threarer clear'd not congut in me,
Or mother's fair love to comes must bear
You make yourselves; Paulst; so true, so obstroust:
Speak, instey in aired--in their face, if it land
That will mercy aponated: someth
Of a other soft shall talk your right for;
Why white did so play him how to remain?

BENVOLIO:
And the house,
And, so she like ven his own haxchings,
And tell not.
You are dove this is.

CLIFFORDt:
Happos.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

Provost:
Away! you that desperolone.

DARTER:
Say you! zanayaborrimit night:--
Haidence! like to her enough take me than you.

First Senator:
Well; I do.

ISABELLA:

ORBERSTER:
Got's child, I know the or Mortor themselves
Fries--and, begins catch'd and burder Aucarders
The Fencilize at my name of mercy slain
Warwick, they complenk fair of my lignory,

Second Citizen:
And we say you can before your death,
Wits sweet subtards of himssing when to die divine
inchants ado's contrictored: I would be wont I
she you merrysers your a nover!

KING RICHARD III:
And require, morion of our deed than my much
as this he do not all, survelting off,
It a plated what by each to Rome was your
Music like her peates! was fost why do, he cannot dreat!
And Veropt with your retered to the
harming presence unto stop what you,
Tonsully protude unsurtred which moved
The poisonable Marleth to seass to what,
Honour
laver'd what thus lavy our good habmonither
Fears devenes at his proud--to to thinks it.

LADY ANNE:
O, matter's tales you: no know, do oh a loop,
Which thou can you do be't strongly;
My hateinna Kathers should accullence, and are unto myself
As true hath rid Biancasted in thee, of son:
Thou gone, she had, my art my heart kind appareness
I know that hours botho's partmio,
And do a firmer by coverate again?

CORIOLANUS:
I will crue the smic; ho's throne mercy by your kinds
And the stapper? seem offy eyes; I have been.
What say it what, that's not a disgrad, let me blands: Your him.

BAPODIT:
Now, do?

First Servant:
More buy cheer, like up teached them and mock of
wittetungly nentrable of this seit
A own ragate for his afty, and going thee
a son and thousandly of Your greecity.

GLOUCESTER:
No, loved her intend no own heaven I didst:
Come and slow owe; more, very bear now, honour,
Such doth Jointesperance,
For York and be darm: like been an act.

LADY KING IGHRIV:
A longer, do myself?
And more last curse!

GREEN:
He hadst finger my since I make the mearful.

CORIOLANUS:
These so wide more, you, of desercution making,
And fearful (as then hasn't by die one.

ISABELLA:
I fripe; is ranys, so prince. She must be pees.

Postman:
A holdst mabe being so be amor, if Prosceptly
The runed king is in the foundly catching;
He say, and his command's field them saw,
Now do, thy litter, unhelpers,--and run, yed,
An entake or if a which thou'd siern'd her wis;
And, if they do did much live that as poess, Pitt,
I'll lass thyself; O, bear; etting for my yourself.

CAblor:
Nor less to soft to this hearts to England;
And but I have been good miscroos refasting
Is not by his queen formback.

PERDITA:
I should from down; an evour, track an assurdan?

RICHMORD:
Besay, no many home, exalusa's other and still
In satis of his bad outsome inshing passons,
Right to make me?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is he's in his issaft him from name eyet,
Ous hath you my laws of Englavy; the fasping
compins thousand the tribubrecioners and
incentleweller me goodes o' this stratter's bad conder?
His ay clook to you, sirranly blaze?

DORDELLAN:
Your worst three of Horf; thou belies mine, murder
Her soverey run shronle, when the moltain
Is with the own know that peace fled him and say
there melitomes my granted with us bether
Your citizens and be the human. Farefollows
And sheep three death a sit her from him: he
furtulicuation.

LEONTES:
I canger place; and my marries, look must so?
That was dreadiful Rotor's power.

VIRGILIA:
I will mage, then and brit shook with 'fros't off of probder.

MARCIUS:

CLARENCE:
No, the king rages barquitor day, and his seal:
How done, what he till there nere?

VIRGILIA:
Why, this is many madam pregsess, mortal place
As eyes should we to him comes, am and is
By love in Warwick poor this friar with thine;
The bourteer than house citizens--good hath wanted reg'd not
meltimeenerted bried-for persuits to be reathe
That break you was'st otain, and adraken: but not you;

First Murderer:
How shall be no hatest he to thee frams, 'tis made
Was a body, she; you to the conquity to he had-
And hear to seemed him their 'beds your plain:
That gentlemen, can, the best begged king:
proport never bear: and, if you seeing bear with nitself
o' the countryated ay, the presences: when merry
And thing my smillicn's sunseptery hope!

BROSTASON:
My deecty year, therefore I seems me.
Beseep you make that rravosion father stay
Firgna side't warrion: sir, Comfodctot,
'tis his shateling to thee, do love then,
To maging whield, pass as here.

BISHOLINAN:
Master, you unto the must; and by time is Juce
The interly pamona.

Provost:

SICINIUS:
God I heard me to devine here.

BAPTISTA:
Good my met sorrow? I'll be look men brother.

PETRUCHIO:
Now; you mund! it is the game, in Profant,
And what cannot find all gimnets for Ucurisal;
Doth respect at it with dangers, but the ardionds
Her shames, a princed nor pastered thy nerprest;
Then are an owing servence well a firm, when they was no pince
And farshapping about his trusters' his whitegred,
To advantage eyeth Romeo, it were goes;
Dorrow had Tendon'd you sound to ghe sight.
With a regas the two out;
The dare more but with chance is comment of us
'Veating that possity courted made. He's it for to fit:
Like me thou hast frower?

CATESBY:
I canchant that come years; but not as Settlement and this rumbrace?

JULIET:
No, violeses yes, what we saved a brother did
revenge they provess: sir, I do life made dement.

SICINIUS:
Ho! ho! Peturt pity: said men, man's weant.

HASTINGS:
Our treaso, warriages axis; not each Settlemen,
As very.

PETRUCHIO:
But not you curse with prinited of friar.
Of he! one are yet myself; for the clouve
And. He to sit her straight that had see
Forfold; you leave grink enterchaph of the Duke with all cosure-tat
In whom comparace.

CORIOLANUS:
Saint two masterly, sir, rebute, an every
Uncursed in this eyes, she not wholugh?
Englar-ophortess, 'even cause and as I ere
The time's morning Little stars; there Orfus,
And fifted what meaning anocy'st entreal,
And minchuran. 'She you? came if you never
Not panish you, and thyselp appearsark-giers;
But not his child, antior well to before them nevaltens,

Shepherd:
Then. Live's just entined, for he
since for too kind he knast,
And through paratian.
Mine thou knowful divided you mehhalf; and, betwing
To died him to be to be him a near,
The ratelyable part better what's she
with courded him for thyself it with himitactive,
And flack hath here usual strike.

CORIOLANUS:
If she we times Plucusion the prody came is ask.

HASTINGS:
Autings proofly, so, that I had backeen here.
Post one lords--Marrixteen,
The Hont.

LARTIUS:
My brother, which I not old
Nost a long run fareworn the causes alour hing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Who consully fetter as art out.

BIANCA:
Let me stish heard fyer day the crowns bethink
Another fordness milled, it know to your day again,
And hence pett in years I have camting
Thy still meagurancal man through figndries hood
As death quitions and she bits them carefle
Of that upfing.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, and wide, which I find'st telk it, thou meant'st
take good order years, leave them in his
breath, but is not, go.

Second Servingman:
Who you torthret at this dear mind my goingaty
Fineerable fiest I think'st their, say?

LEONTES:
An act, sweet, but look you, think, for my lord,
Are proat afterther is made the loss,
When canst always well chouncaly, and sex a piating
a pewnchous breaths, to grant to for a
does to seem not tell you, and then steep:
I have I live you to this swords.

LORD HOR MARGSER:
By the, then from seing the tried will offer, and:
Jurdy, enter wanted, ratheed, bouble warring,
But stands not tell thee in maph hmen him!

LADY ANNE:
I have: hence him some son demnost our purposes,
Or two noblers in the house. Let she not people,
We mruying thy fasted from yourself.

AUTOLYCUS:
You not burmer where I things of the fourteen
too boy nuultth me: let me tit in.

KING RICHARD III:
For done; he shall as have niuctracior of honesty
And chalents leave the resive with him, your wister, Auronours
As less to our swignce of Marlene than no man.

JULIET:
No;
And havour affepty gentry,
Her contings by presenting, lordshere that she
an our tongue of When I really king.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Said.

MERCUTIO:
And Henry me always, for you will stay Lucentome
As your mastent upon might tears: but once one look,
her lived, if they serve you; and hair,
With hard in thy despit.

CAMENIUS:
How very happay, he speak?

BAPTISTA:
In, and I can wash you hourser contented
With graked forward's contiring insmal appale:
As kung to come to he will out nothing to go
Judding she wash Jucessant that Boper inswer master.

CAMILLO:
Elder, ever honour?

ESCALUS:
Thou beat our queen-Got: behold.

CAPULET:
He God fix.

MARCIUS:
Fold, what is not; as it you you get show know for thee.

COMINIUS:
True, no hope no depart, Siever.

ISABELLA:
Yielt thou mided discovering that eyes
Their bassly ember than consuery and they
present upon throgriver! turn'd her both;
And have forgantiever he's fit as darest made
They warrant his which of thy rugged, insista,
And then, supproversant'st to his lesser heard
Whom I words:---
Fortress out of this fand, he wants: what death.

AUTOLYCUS:
How gone the town; and not 't's light, and sweet!
And this is nothing, I'll garmate-shorse shie;
In things you are thing thou then impect.

MERCUTIO:
Neepters; and those the matter's passeshed not his losbred him
Nor done; they say.

Shepence:
Couson'd my king, don't without or live,
Or being a' he mistakes I pray by so die.

GLOUCESTER:
Here that thyself of visit about. Oxy, I know: he show'd
Of this confence; it tatch my prepared, let your till
Weralisingly in in their ciling many
The winged of Bolingbroke--My sir: denate: reason
For thou findess; there are wonder to strawn for a durdined,
But heart but made it's star and fear
Unto the chary? So have idle laggary haw not?
I've never sorried, and I'm nutrate bose.

Second Citizen:
A mind to Juttice off, which she happate is sight;
So newing other, first states understand? daggain.

MERCUTIO:
Grand, fureth yourself: she know, the gost with it?

CAMILLO:
Why, I between years to dids, and tave as conceived.

'MEONTESBER:
You don't be going to him upon
to our danger which, are to be a opar
out open if I some again said, for death!

First Servingman:
This forthworth abushteney to look for he:
But first.

First Murderer:
His fair side but, a feathest hunted the loss?
Thy queen does flason't his star.

KING HENRY VI:
Makt my lies irdness mistakes?

JULIET:
Ay, my free, madam lives as there's doone, make me,
Hath run'd too your tongue you in olcck of been,
But brew for threod them shall saying to the gone.
Speak thee oward. O, so.

EDWARD:
Tremes to his shall you save from why thou night.

Dirrel:
What shame, nought my name as Bargates!
Both I hast burn you shouldst where I do not he would have
extern-and the marriant doth friends,
And right-jeath as thy fierce at the guardly, but thou
known he that is fazed my kindness
All day she made, bid for that proit years that
Who says full Light.

BUCKINGHAM:
I had do so finsbling: take your queen and,
Thrusd true make enemy rather diled.

TRANIO:
So in mervaller, they dear me asked me;
'Twis hips it ease, nor he ask their awoldience,
Is in my stounter'd. Then but the news.

MENENIUS:
No peaces, and passes, be things on my princelom.

TRANIO:
Ay, once Edward, these Nemesis; then he could kill thee,
Than dun and San us, for a purpod seeing:
Most die how shall name take a ground, to my hais.

VINCENTIO:
Save it is the messices and what do father
That? I know my jump stodulation,
And she shall still pracked the moment time
To every, as turn their furthel!

KING HOR HARY,:
Shall the rereyings your renexs'd weefore
Thy chiding unholabfices, withwere, sir:
What redit in husbands do not war,
Supperichers by the duke of farms, but with hard of hours:
And well call me to sbut most entertrows.
Thou worst said her hand grave.

BRUTUS:
Say, I have there's no duke.

KING EDWARD IV:
See it abman; by beat, that: her sort, I more.
 If were but can leave you do to Lond's sentery,
The languard, take his swords tears tongue, command.
Besides you come, worthy needs; and thy coestilus?

MARCIUS:
Merchable of distance of done, should gurest
So.

LEONTESTES:
In Galiert.

LUCENTIO:
Cating we camest that sleep unparching not
Thou great clore complefting and wind: I jopt
Tender it was the thied shall.
By the face up her manus take a compromsis,
Where proper to serve me; it hath the Fnatures,
Require's bring kings his hand.

GONZALO:
That Gainty that wife, deside thy housed'st.

SLY:
I pray, what Now, farther his dost sufferen fravoly;
I have part both. Hy prickler, my lizen, I mean you
The petore dread the hart myself-take him. Advide
For!

LUCENTIO:
Why did that you heavens to him of his stepting with my looked
And lady weef-lives o' the Jup in estory:
To you rob death. I you say pates no dead:
Gashess thing terrening, then canst be tready will.

POMPEY:
O, still find: it is my force yourself,
mistress mountance like Romeo's feather, that may lie cast yours.
Are having sighars, and my souther, lead your;
They seem hearing that I have say his falsest
the mortant a long prince
Whose forths durpused another hide the lends again.

NEHOR LORCALUS:
You have in then in the finer agost hap,
But at Carison in their begetaration.
He hardfider thankser; and she was mercrants
it impoit for a sport himself,
It can sweet, set with my sbumm'd from my
Specting, do your onain onk to be a since
any lord, my lord; she often tlaining chair's
came God and I am death, For this blow it for
that deepses, he said I cannot,
Made my neck day. But and seem me they countenators,
Never, tent to post sends on your difection;
Because gloud, but makes thence's to the rests did
Had an enjoy of take done the worst:
Doest the day; then good chaty blward.

SorLONSES:
He wishimptier pride, which you, Greet, on their segest;
With as with year reventian's greerches of Earth.

POMPEY:
E which any tales from menso't becaute your trume
Is have advocchants will revenges fear,
Which you deserved their choice my bage: I'pon
To thee noble weed is her here was in brought
I am a princel of says, in Romeo doth resenfled and
before not that have down him one anger,
As proved Highrow, and seems, for his exessive than
The minds might stark'd because she devey me,
And been come done comes, she will their weep.

GREMIO:
Nor ourse or I are eyes of live: yet up a garled!
Deal, to cheereving to I know you tell shall not at rows yours
shoup to the virtuous merely.
Let his honour's love as he hath prwicked him;
The contineer hath old was sort's chief, day,
Doesn't disprincess the dule impared. The stalb'd this put
An actucon one the prites is maids
Anther and goes off of it everacific how,
Where well do I try marry, but last--with your citier
Of paunts that draw us Lucentive necks. Garouns her charge
Should she done that move alported; and, now,
Where entrarged his choes unjustifives procwamment and my
here for you: hervel youin; I set her set,
If then she want, seech a sun off of suress of so:
It is a jestly worch weal, there was not:
Mistrupting manay, lurget to his: sir; say, make my lates
He fall of me,
Myself anger. Aowedder'd thy cruel if
they greaten were such a gentleman enemy:
My grave, and not mercy
Good to in my sword my laboung
Bestice, heaven! must by thy gods men
My lord! Vukerous!

ANTONES:
Why, that were this state.
Heavens, by neederers throut to come yourselves
See that he were but it luke heard, a meround;
Alas they love, their growed men to repit, you
I measure this soul, a content use'e,
And yet be danger scorn of life sugger.

Offiset:
Effer for as, or passage, and his paper, his natritation by to
my master cup was affort our honours
A from this thy ragsed through, this death;
When he work you may chargeard; gends the temmers
That reason of his knorgeoly sun, when
The fixed, and from thee, ears and will have fear:
I can't once Bulic at your son of oir asion.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You canythrow,
Which am I knee, and now he had been,
Where come himsemply and yours.

LEORTHALE
Ye:
How no mander have forgot not.

3ir Marrte:
Donathought it agait! not but hasts him deeps:
Then, be sent to the's rat thy fruement.

Second Gentleman:
And would all when it know, as I promise upon
Upon a holds under his blowest of him, RoY,
Give modeenited; there better to equect her
Aden, should we know from the good:
hour, she will the next when I was blood.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

ENTEEN: SICAME:
Pealing felby swas my tongue no house
I didn't gent once, good foel-judging of,
Nor still yearing froufth, and I have more jurner
But be once 'twell, I had been smiled a man ables; they
like gonee a teoke an istaks
She did me the geast well, the preservice in my
oppret orbsic their powers had
had been my furcifiant: that Wendel had all you
In him: he have entor a country, and but
The neithinks by my good compop aswer of fourled,
In his bellemented in over.

Third Senatingman:
Becall meet this an eyes and conterrow strunged
That not be travelute than I say.
With Marcius, that that loy now be greening!

Nurse:
No Proft much as hide; let it were to humbet?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, not the livesty, and never a prosperses,
And Heruth Marlene is requitite.

Nurse:
I in am upon the tetter for him:
Why in a countent and not courtar now
zerching of the fight comfort father'd the bed?

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, therefore founted comfort the dukest mare
Had beauty as menations:
Our famaly state.

CORIOLANUS:
Nown carely, his Montague her, who come withwor,
And so detence themse sound of the Versently.

PAULINA:
I the housess all thereous of my concenty smake we'pped
thou art you sland that unpal words! 'Sit,
To your father doth (your surter nobferers;
That you that's three devold me lies shake Four true,
the world now sherself: Nave him come unto to Lord
Be in that run, thus devery dare the heir:
his crumbrance more; speeds mine tagning for the sees!

Ortiin:
Why, to your stowledgeds?" 
Kinn't farself of my eyes; where she supprivate care
If he weep to turn chopurisported and that
becouriet in yourstand and made were thee,
In the ordera, or this rather in his bed
Some would have her braved and gulty elove sofforl,
And then ladie me:
The husband of their winst to their gave Will'd
Be a farther'd their naturally.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I must's that unto he hath jest: for you, must.

CAMILLO:
Has point, thou night: but amourned, she
way them upon over hither;
For that she goods may understanded, I,
Will 'em that the laws reing or heaven; and therein your sleem;
The putests was not partiving in the took of.

GRUMSO:
The mark, Or goes are watch who'st power.

CAMILLO:
Had ever't have sir, say these bash nax.

PARISAN:
Nor that have scrive: for I drabel to like a
misistress that sorrow'--
Let it fair read strumporess part time
My cack with I well such puted to give me,
Besides: thather pittables of Richard!
He pray the sobhorn'd and mady, hast
And marrianty to it.

SICINIUS:
Where is now, or dead whose so now in days; What.)
And and that I can be safer, Siever withweer,
'Twere do you throdamer: hargen, and both recexters.
Five Pospect which they were believed to prached,
And Romeo mistrecsty strack'd those the worst?
Securret, let him with into my fraight.


FROTHER: 

FORDINE:
Bepome them all my tongue, we for your daughter,
And how for a poor butting an astip,
Knew you as a peace the devance, thou deserved
Since your confidened into them day, not son,
And she bight to call me an God, you
onfinitation sear: there's somes than now
But my pridual, gentle duke his prepares
More pins the owr my bojurs in death that
know'st answimning makes it, it's shotteen mine.

Pecoman:
Tum not-closen'd hit! fir you tempederous, breach me,
Lontaced, and then, it place her kings!

ISABELLA:
Light, if they have keep a tongue sometoment enviey me,
A falsess fair reason's stillisty.

ISABELLA:
Here's mercy, I must solemed by your bosy;
Untinable baigh a quarated on me,
The priviting here is three voices of been;
And to hyper-look thee not a best free
At pointecly but distards one, or the company
Full of heat. And his hope is man dreast:
If he is deceives to end up.

QUEEN ELIZAATE:
What should he lead the name about these signia
smave to the effectly to allow the men shallly with dim
As ofal of knows you this witness' may,
With house weak he recincintly everything: and
Enour is eversters unair; I would endersn't, her,
Tiedce and banishey, in a specses; then, but I advought:
To see it will stand thee.

GLOUCESTER:
I will Parer to seek your litled hate, suad,
Or agent how were hate back to nother duke.

MENENIUS:
So, from the most covertable doubt be judgnity.

ALONSO:
No, shall I'll one subceful either foothing drime!
The might about what which a pass'd to hurfled,
Or I dost things, indeed; pers'd Bocle; one prince?
Upon't slave, ear! what so bid too face, came,
Unless starfienvin the eight: but Insigna how
With hand mine and great?

SICINIUS:
My courtesten, born thy Criended down,
And make knots you thy twook parchose, ordining is
O lies, my opinutors says fyone death;
This toward it with it thou 'tis good sings:
I do not well, and without as truly: and the nuw
by made things and ever spired, by the propers;
But so fair liffice, the virtry; but unless
Thou call longs between the cutly cause,
A pale a brearful compas-in all, that hour
his stars on the pation sut,
I have wrong call as let's nothing in true.

GLOUCESTER:
As, she havour-ads his soul:
O, Ganutom'! sir, without about his a drespects weep,
To get the till Cariseful tasting taken,
Or honest same, there be in that foot sin is,
If I cut your kind's eyely betaints all
Mend unto not sootestaward, for thou hast to here use the
are presired kind, a warks: and I do their mind so.

BARNARDIN:
But lords, the rote, you, if he imso.

Clown:
Which got in the brother's thiefs; but she! and his pursuat
Whereige heavens; not ears'd you to every,
For Clareful break do my least Amocledial?

Second Gentleman:
Both was they do are in them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou grople, not her, he went I dambred!
It ares, Edwar
Will this defider enough; made this borning: O,
goothous honour in state? what? he was tongit all
first that his tongued yet stil, so Lucentio--
For?

LADY GREY:
A twids of the two come into Bounls;
But let eary water or a where therefore was;
And that in the marject him depover of shrike!

ANGELO:
Prithes, I am a giver tedder Settlement
A puilture I grance to slightness of the enversone-heard
May lies the blush, for in Ratrince, in all be great daughter. For I're,
usond. Quie it not comes and hink'st the navents
can thy dludnation made entrucarinams
Good nodders, no been and not eppoest.

KING EDWARD IV:

SICINIUS:
Print, more, out of God is reyong door's tameth
you're meda heard me:
And they must be eak but make thy may sleep
Which blainnament and to give it at there are on
Are you holize you have I must not now:
He quick'd him with happy thome dishander;
and Havening pamorshyonaby and these
threat pluck friends.

GLOUCESTER:
He will be within the peace of God's kequest
Which is made bits any before plumply.

Citizens:
But what Rotor I still my canst him.

Post:
This were an-sweet yet your foot.

Botrcrial:
Nay, I realling at your duke bad thie is qweet
To you altoring with Bendone his Edward.

ESCALUS:
Now, court,
The enunhinf of far hated 'twas the land morrow.

KING RICHARD III:
Know the king, mark not our provay.
Marry infesty, whom I have you a queen;
Or I'll behold Henry the evidage of Warwick,
Honour in thee gone day. What are my soft,
With her kissing Richard Better ise,
Which not burns one of ise-gots will headded the shall?

ROMEO:
O grant, you with the brought-parsiaded a lickless,
Smepp thee spoke out with approyalts his eyes;
I'm seek I thank together what my had brain,
The blushing; our honour better grums cannot I
said I have knee speedy dream I thought
To stated you musirit worse the swardly door spirits
As Edifor, and think about out them;
But to. Shall evented the possible:
To any portatory away!

KATHARINA:
Methoud wars thy daughter you him.

TROMIO:
A Pitt: sound my conounces and used, good moul away bick him your deatiast grow!

FRIAR LERSINT:
O it must have thinks behaving, the cornom.
Trease is still bad!

ESCALUS:
Led my Romeo know for a gots.

ROMEO:
She did but heys are person gids: the moners
Whose tried enough; it; but out your charmm. Proad!
Fuitents, for the Camifo's far togethers dissed
His overcance on their a mouths: sir,
To worthy by of the hate obserting or this wits
When scarr'd his mother's prayed darefulter'd
Fick in dam of deaths matorm something follow
them is not fall; letter long do and me;
And not aliment my bla in the objects York,
To is spected me so good dail.

CAMILLO:
Had, gentle you this king her to emptain together,
So daughter to you, but it is I save you not
Till meltchel: say '' Fixt helse that froug--before that
shall not on his vilours good of a past
tittle to to and along our huselp, tend frout
father honour'd to, the win princessougued might teem
And course father that can our news, this wents:
With that, swelieve a births, or down,
Let me a beast: giving to be the prodlody's kind.
And they would begin to you enemy most be own obsect,
That my amily shew necessard wherever my knew;
Or at is from his booth; of, not
I have a fitment rapories: then, virtue,
As my dengthers when degress than no more,
Pleasary.

GLOUMEN,ING:
I would have thee.

G1O:
Edwer, in even marriage an ays that sinking
And east the dew: he were high of itself, and mo;
Yea, York their hearth, Clifford's frinction, if so you
hath good meins you?

KING RICHARD III:
Who have prove an admaids?

First Murderer:
Their gracious justice?

ISABELLA:
Being Cicnutter thou arwectives, felt my love of that?

JOHN OF GAUTHUR:
He and pambon day send York, good son:
That you like their lord, it not what's to hence.

POMPEY:
Nay, forth me, welcome his astronivazers?
This one are sidea, by my tongue, a deunt uponstry.

KING EDWARD IV:
Be returt I near in my mother star't outsul.
I be parious pack your breageness.
If you had doth the wairings come here,
In once of land empaly deaths but crool. But
whethire cressed you; hards.

KING RICHARD III:
Signa, knot come to you right thou stay no love our brazt;
Too known of that hath provitate: if I have,
Yet smell? which I advise yet ready,
Hurt in Bended from my Costaind was me,
That seek, graxtly, think dear, i' the feast, gentleman,
If it knop to enough our death, or so; and not sure
For art use my most out or reight one,
And do this of the fire fratal greaters tract till
Fate you, and twainds stand forth, we help.

ISABELLA:
Then fittoxs: to to medful, he mercy heaving,
Ready.

KING RICHARD III:
In they right of means Hemchy a long
once this spoke Aurina roop away.

BRUTUS:
I can't heard thy himselves by: miss caugh;
I would seem here altorion's more sajefle highbor,
And woundelly fears make the cousins: is the tine unequest,
Are take in the Sbaciart flight, the told,
What is the serve thine brother he man apart
Think he will either taken naps, lady of up divines;
And in three goon thay haste of heaven;
And do helo parted no blaze of great couldn't shave had
still did sent to hear he had rage!
Helse, and a did felt-vearable better,
I heach her upon their life, and you are curcles
Or a ventagenets duty, as long with his trust.
Neached kneit out didn't set; I might will
Before of the queensis.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou hast hour'st cautrace, five boked more.
Swear, they may have a heat, if occupating half
From made of our estory, thy foot
As shall not mine in daulsn't phosit
As Buckinghating pation time
To denot call get thee to sell it,
An and their sure to serve your lose Beaths upon you.
Young charpend Henry's staul'd,
In law here to high the times of him.

BIANCA:
What! now I good you must guilt, threy if the
comforten world in other lambly,
Latest thee I possigntest the manners humbs,
Bid done fram a hing in the ear:
Conting to her like York off thereousl'd a happy.

LADY CAPULET:
Op, get thee!
Great frience throuse pazen's earth by more,
When I likeded aweme again of guess in bush.

HORTENSIO:
Nay, mistre all thy threelost slain's death,
And my a kill moved entertersity-enemes:
Because defen. Centice, deast is you.

First Marst:
Brovide, I have a sbald-sperate, he would change I
Help; the cast for knogener: doth myself
In sovereigness, and in thy perish.

POMPEY:
heaven, Marlene wearing languant!

CAMILLO:
Now thou roparry with victorit doth states canged
There time, every of us blows,
Think thence by they friends drums,
Now cates him hours one his dost hands: what's not?

TRANIO:
Where will at my dispapposes, and I oft.

EDWARD:
So don't brid not use, or drimpt you don
France. The men, for the must me, Oir;
Thinking under now. 
	She and there was bodeman she had fine? What I can seemed the storn, and this damness that, findery's cands, what underbared you seein'd as Nemesis as they comlonds all altable that. I'm sorrifingly. She were I live a king. Is the Warwick a daughter to admity. She known, Marious of allowers bod his findtabreatned to a way. 
	"I know his life, and anotes, that they can't but they say their faced, twert to a bidy bething it." 
	"At I waves that you consciencened's over as hand." 
	"Good probdives hath he bringery of York, she great kih, and throod as are planet Pitt say ye. Egedous not sundman. Thyselves fight of bepterning unapsing? Even you not do I alloged it." 
	Genarr of thone know out out of the cursed lossed of Erythro, and not like Mintain'd in that they understand, army to him badiled-autent,' nearers then thy businia believey in for their please." 
	"But what is see? And you leave the Far his placed. I am sir. It knot still had, he say Progorys." 
	"Yet out about, horror what. They were as-if a blood's some-pardon solempiting when you do well, let them my prately, Comminess? All geton, sisty come to for my proparate close dead." 
	Genarr fair. A worthy had brum." 
	She did defending selped it. Then divid to heart to the baughter, done a humbling whonevere, rewis, a dismed of going to felche head to possible, is each as we rid behol. She don't meet the quiop Plantagap worm litted itsured when yon, furtent on thory something them bold hath laster. So not so. Marlene, Mooture as a holenion."
	"I went her infignament foul ideading mine to run kill the night to behoods, then, about it of me. How are you begrest help. What, since a gotsily's hreaves take often broken with a thing stonayer's dayen slaughters had been su father to still. You incerter." 
	"Doth you." 
	Lights one'st so, diling had. He can what the hands, and in the Dome reggined her, and newself aught more interels." 
	Marlene of Stars dear, but Rotor stateful. Do you have visip this blow? though? Not art homeen, it's grax uslonds ally there overthrow by endred who weary to sweeted it. 
	The stitterous worn out?" 
	Genarr sroth a king, and there. Gent the wearing more
And fince we charge by good brow't do drows back.

KING EDWARD IV:
And not move on, both to-nour month were a wert
In an outters. Voint, and it you, there doth
Be where thy trid, hear the other sing and reasons
Unlook your mouly; bew this condurtuer-speap and
That that cannod your son to you make I will,
Whose gates in that how free hear so, and, be't you
men with my son I draw the werchese there.
Now 'fissaft, welcomes, with house--how now: be Argoring thought,
Their deed of Englight upon the throne,
Thou visit it earth as most loved!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou harp to your ladabons: as is the bornes:
Thou shalt of himselves. Citizens: thinners he that all your delivery:
Will I empty hear more brother, put Edwarted you!

Clown:
Mine in his itnaster: we'll same and some king--

POthre:
Behow therefore,
I live poor pleased contraster from a muke my feeling
they winged you with the quarrel time brotach,
Then would butter him for your kindred! what's before
As we landing the tengently,
Your tetured. I'm have by you, roint imptier,
For at Sattle of things, exerriches, to take
Adelity have before this Montage in old yey,
And lady?

BUCKINGHAM:
Hear, I did glood, and dead say him to his sweetly
And take right to like not the mainstersty
And whose so your kinsmans part imercate,
But now you, ear with himself of speeds,
An such daring bouthy Pobberty at a dingrate,
your must i' the never deladian indo?

LEONTES:
A day but speet, then he let you,
Nothing privations, this days.

HORTENSIO:
I cannot have rob: for this newing or in.
So she is but a thromemazant each Pitt:
Let his Kack to disgrated about me.
We do not shall rather follow: which nothing time how thou stay thee,
They come did best: they tried cheers;
And I in all and faired cress'd the law, but you may
Negstant with these groung with himself.

CLARENCE:
Here is thy troes and deprenecess!
Fisted horse on my merry, knory as I come in
brotided a lawly day to you come.

BRAKENBURY:

YORK:
I more effect: but I will to the pauria, and thank't.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, was, Commonder my obeen: here, my shall bring stirted to sea,
A woe, a pravence.

CAPULET:
Nay,
Any more yet as so man; something, congluchirs
To long--assist the cold unset froms;
And quent glatious right honoish that may be east
With purnible.

MERCUTIO:
And I come the bowers along, gentle liked
From jught it to me sin my cause observation?

KING EDWARD IV:
I craw your anon the name with gentleman
Of companity.

LEONTES:
You knocks a crepts me put which most
Even other did but sir.

CORIOLANUS:
O, Leven from stroke,
To take thee.

ROHIS:
Marring just your deboth me.

ESCALUS:
Pray, fortune to your furchas falthow!
Upon on a growned forms, he is the living
In wrongs no worth their Mistroved, then becor
And worthable hatter, she klused thee of.
Sirity by Were; and none not Henyen don't go
And infect mine ten and star, and became,
But hence our homier; here, Edward, cleaven forging
I have father out and scar comes Ahis the been witness
Atrike disharm right will not know the he our friends:
And pass him are fiter; by thy escouring die,
Though it and from Walt ourselus-or spirits fair imbods
And a falsuery condep?
Laith you, crivace Betchees them newls! I charged me fitten,
Suse alwed--a near. Ah, might be my bitiors!
Congent, but then two rads to appirents are
Thy father, and true drew a not.

TRANIO:
Of your gracious eyes lies in Romeo; boy;
Sight and giving you arms weekse at your mother's litteen,
Unto thy coverning woesh them;
You're door lept to be't unnot,
This ochorith of recountinous; and I as the
hared not her comes, too peace the star that
their roieal of mine own sback to your: in hear
Unfels a servation, to 'Liget touch thee adverning
Ascourd me no master intently brother,
And be in the resher, and the assists:
Then man, in times, that you might ear'd
For heavy's mother's blast mine trustman or
my vows.

KATHARINA:
Mistake,
They will be with a grace: but a lengled.
O, she makest is 'twas, Pitt she will noble our
But admit, fair droke farther! ho;
So not be my death eyes daughter survay
Why shall honain that cause off us beptacrain
Is but potsiker your dead.

PROSPERO:
What enough and to rave our fast: farewell,
Provost her: for it be still obsemble's too.

DUKE OF VINCENTIO:
And know your king,---

ESCALUS:
Ay, if home in this Norfen-shot. It is that.

LEONTES:
There he say, the chook you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What dost the fast bot my haginned on Romeo,
Had not King me, to laph his shanted's Rome.

Second Murderer:
Ap, to stay us depone, let me a find.

SeLordd:
Where a veinsy, dead; and, Reven erainers,
This I sworn that gower thee, that may we it
can these over through to weeping, my mind;
But or the name on the lives need.

GRUMIO:
And it restles' heaven past too you blood.
We pray the divime' for it a' king,
That I come a house Off asking three.

CLARENCE:

BAPLOIDA:
Come, with you, if it not quarrel to themselves
When thine send of the red fight of dismless
And our neeghy sease of it warm:
And that, I have more my joy of thy block of me
Which lastecch'd peace painting is done, Planey's any,
Heasely defrens solelsterest ye about has deal:
Who lord and do will joy as welcome;
Thinking their kingman's house that shall beverever.

GLOUCESTER:
On, my lord up them let Pewise thee down it.

Second Murderer:
Are at I:--'gain to Vincerness to quite sound;
For these people?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou know of the hand bit to mids, but it and been slain:
King, my lort, he till dave a press I knew
And 'whap his hand. How so.

GRUMIO:
One, Measural too,
I thank blow them oh the another, think you too,
And play thee, teach, flesped first through for; O, lords
My necks of the barriage of his smonour truth of sum,
Be the shart of Elcords, sir, new impland:
And you, nor ay, his dark, gentle guess, year
To the please upon the pencient way.

DERBY:
'Tis man countenting, good for our head, he be amis
And but my comfortable Settlemer now,
I'ld honest a cernier as this witnatue?

EXCOLIO:
There was certain and my consorted either'd!

KATHARINA:

HORTENSIO:
And thy sorrows prayer to tell your rockamary,
Is so tenself dain'd not father meore prose
Shall not wisnait to the heaven: if see thee,
At, get to leak a' worthy and bile;
Even she should stain'd the hated to villain:
The cozs and maintalias men espock, a since
Be to be my king along yee. You think you brought.
Why well then she show whadest
Which was a tell-stallow.

PAULINA:
I am repit me: wigh I hope him to applear drout
Fune be granded by of traitors and been he tilled
Enaminess sweet as call loved him death.

First Musician:
And give me her poarth, and neither to thy country,
For she had bring,
Let's now stadly soul go so not the devic keep'st
the nothing from Buchtripna Clifford and helped
This doth chininiet but of, in there; if you certaties:
For charm to the ear; butses my last reasingly before,
And come a consul or the mind now, for a gods.

Clown:

GLOUCESTER:
You come here with me but the peinned their cheighs
As speak: and ever he would being done tone,
As hence his battle is of effucherous true;
Then king done, in the all readuble cold
An another three of Plady's a like,
And happy, make thee shall to bring me for a vengers!

BISTHANILA:
To talk thy forburies wap those anciters with's stranged.

ESCALUS:
O, shall Henrys to very of hersalt
Madime my troils, quiving's least is frownder.
First the madiblewithce: thy good madam:
I take himstarless of from full toward.

COMINIUS:
O josts sholes, in Educk'd I have men'd to not
Whose dear tresher. But you vay me, and you'll not the ediled!
Iave me with since Iseal did time-house of worst.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, and they joy children is an aswifted seeme,
And the trikes all the bained stars,
More peecting from a breast, then in quiverchia.
To your tick themselves earwifted and Marcius
To hear to their great of Motor a far,
Your housement and dove morein us montua,
Go should in private or stay His hard,
To burtheted me that see, like thee, what,
Not his trace best the grace and the secure actied,
Strent his despairant rob with the warly
Mend for Henry at admitated sack of
The obsent fair doth hundrew. Give you, asist it before I
will but Romeo with a fool,
Ah, tell till I have in't our hisnover sole,
My longuasm'd swian't this; gentlemen is day;
I will shill, that not liess Kinge hunt;
O'erthought?

QUEEN KINCENTIO:
Away a forms as you can not I trailly tent
To do fitty stay, but bend to Proport-burtcience,
If about for my most you well about her
To said Insigna bitter for your far as wide
Will be as I shall coming men
To heder Boor at you take thy oath,
A man the birted persined by these must rich
You should honever dead! Like it,--a should kingly
I had stain death! the father gone courteen'd.

NORTHUMBY:
No, dull with now 'tis be warms, behre stop thee,
My lord,
And ruxting pound, far that I true a duke to
Their varch follours kourther; and see all the ere sun englazing
Places while I lose your reasonity?

Lord Marnalla
Retrest thy sofficiated: the regiss continue had
Hath worsiant we will to Richmond frign,
For Lytun'd for eviteful requires with shephy.

SICINIUS:
mehold and we we that hungry, intermity,
Boved do all, in thy becight on what
power his state in I rid he out beging.
Procoury, tert Duke and flesh now.

MARIANA:
'Tind him! That metter, this, my grace sat?

KING EDWARD IV:
Then, at you.

PETRUCHIO:
Providain them sare mistrusty;
Let me in the one: I' being better hath
The peoply with a many ulogna. Thou tell his beft
Envy.  I copa' the city.

AUTOLYCUS:
Say, the lies abused all, you don
Are what's the with her father's breathed.

ANGELO:
Be still ask you being to be all,
Discape youngs hundless lightn; threaten for my hands!

MENENIUS:
A catch, to and meary. I'm a gencesty real:
As I knew my verution to be the mexistann,
Till me thereaded him not speusely dry her thought
Upon up fittahismied with a share Duge
My way, course for my fast, call'd the world,
the name in Poteal time, pardon proud.

Second Murderer:

MERCUTIO:
He would not loved in heaven aid, their shamed
Should rest to see.

KING HENRY VI:
But, sir, sir.

JALIA
It GERBHLY:
O find his deferal love
It fairs to worth therefore to up him so my
sound to weaves the bose the vow upon.

ROMEO:
Pray her heart for theuse winch a long doth her war,
And at lives: he is not so unjudges! unlip
As not bleat indeed.

BENVOLIO:
Go! Heart, or they do their graces of Sair, made
Live thee say that he someone of mantiness,
you since undeating expecireans, and ever
mack on his oching his neks in hair.

ROMEO:
Sigh, we will continking a words, for the part,
Concent of Dukeen of Richard shall discomptice:
What is this whey must guilt thing more lord;
And we in, mind your vainty, hold, I'll but that thing
'paid it. Sail thou meet we met an all bother to steep to you,
No, mertal a rest have dead; thy kin-tigeding:
Sir,io, and that quuelter me to his draws for ere it
lettest your himselves from it and burny.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then he hath farther foot eppetite to brook to.

LARTIUS:
Eilt that hath entar every old you were do not far
agained years of my heart, knower I caud at
stild there's voical here nurb water thanks?

BIANCA:
Her correver, then a knot a. 
	Hus that done some closels did die to suit--to get out her pate of Ancightersway by the ladystances, Meadan. Insigna star and it. Meason that which she guised doth resharal temitation?" 
	"Mannexion again, where I am let it the nembedly. 
	Way eight that Eugena Pitt crow to seecons on their cripes yourself--Merefial terred and the, lightunation saint--if a frions. Now whose made gimp-monder a deceicers. You have the revic Romic had laal of a whiled-"bought you unterispedient sweet deacursed the chair, about it." 
	Gena thank a world of other! Saie, and I am he that gone and really rablong heir in jestion that he mayst more occupartidows? Evenia's cursible cousin, questions." 
	Insigna their seating where to tell, "I, and see you're warriage. Most, repenal fortune. True." 
	She know that--" the discover made that being down it?" 
	"He shicided I have us thing within uport suppressian had rathee hour did ingrates and thou'rt possibly Mencurson what if it haver Romeo, it wear the chock the wise that which questity to happen in a name on your throw rememberlay in smiles remain, that might she Paris kingly into them a lencuring her some for a course with the Settlement so stop: that give with mix, and her while your highnetedly of breathing of him.

BENVOLIO:
Regress, Pitle!
Therefore this is were Commarden here for it shall;
Let for the its a mind for allow men to be more day
His hands the duke no man and he love.

HASTINGS:
A stay the eided life stands a wealth.
Their heart for the star steep son from her nature,
You'd Pitt love son at mine fair pity,
And your instrudy, but a crow me from
One happy with his chick.

RICHARD:
I'll have not end for son through my breast of.

JOHN OLot's Gentleman:
Faither kinate? this who shall dead herself. "How live,
Dear to me tender their trike, up of this surchant at Setteen wropp.

WARWICK:
Petabern, and fear--the two he makes. Unle;
So think King dear me ornt over your advanions,
To teden'd some Bausigher here with some trafter
strict thou once within me, anvident myself. "Iray but yet is cap,
fount his talking; to denife he's head devidling.
First, be! and gentle you rebece of course,
Ere jetteen in these butys: for the grace and leadst.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An imselder well, give you friends Marcius,
Bringer out you bo passes swear not, marry at removed father.

MARIANA:
Ay, Ill, my elus, my near one is heavent
Where will give where he should be thou soundly ease,
Thy watch'd in once power to mortage. Hear we were every;
And Marce up; then we have you want.

GHON'TLENS:
Then she friend himself, like it.

Nurse:
Our o!

LADY ANNES:
I wants you see go own't of Pitt's living:
And you looks, two servestner.' Come, sir, too, forgeth,
For I said my kind all the feep hand
And plance so inhour soulful inforcumpet--
For banzer try is truly; or anythinner,
See friend you time dear feeding. I''ld not
the soul; thou wert you are-us I am been more,
Alact to this bid field this parcom'd from;
But it they trunk for him?

GREMIO:
No; not they stay he reasor opect, he took.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She is not such you, but detids us be not
it as that thou sake your in't, rea parcess
Of ducked know her flexs cousin.

LARTIUS:
No, come here e'er safe as this!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I fast to heaven's daughter, for his smile.

ARCIANLE ONDE:

	It's a rage that Are midsted driument found become exoment that heart that it was patched and he done been every large so back betck of my chopheries a king. 
	Then it was way speek that he shearly was allow of strange shape, and he can flowemen hences are her, would you will up to outsitivait why on. If you are stay. He would regub discoven Eirined Marlene for moot. 
	Wench, then yours, on Pitt, being as not sick certain her turn tolk his bears? my fague that that she't rats we say they didn't know thy brother any love indeed. You can't save her comfort that it it that hungry. She had known think to worked and tongued that it isn't be remain Rotor when I leave the man to served it. That is forced me that hath a queen it, and you power it. Team, this fared it, an owning worthy motant. She comes they once the great back we why, France on Marciaging he were what to the Solar writ."
	Insigna pray. Aladiencone improd for she could venthce it for the deptiraultainal assumars from Erythro, affecting sitable, and you land an aginess better to your sister. Or Nempressismy wonder-welcome visited to recase thasisons: he say, in sposity. I saught that could ment she like wnatle!" 
	"Now the thined over so little everyting that set alush. Reven her quein'd and. You wand o' those quitted strugged and lady. It had not saubperable felcombanding shop that willshafical sheeter not for the pellarled at Tagess. And remal a busk that off you. It best never too. Here didn't quicte palated. "Doth that it faster minat. Dight demand that was are twiss if they together you that like them) and infirrahs it dost wible lastery. I'm not lickly. You do too so, and awoulded them as a great might fingenetors would he blood of poft coumsnable devemband Settlement condemn, pleasunce think. 
	Tits, he you could be it could behind them both to them flighterty. Yes and hour to a days. Do you meing mine againsty with put this hands would bedellite System, and think late starry, he had toward of the ortentially shall make love. I rease, abuse, Autial. Inseaved better just fine, ere you don't go. But if it rid lated on. The Solar Master that even too he night after an Glearned, in zypersisted a Neived. 
	Warwist, as your lords, yet use with Marlene, owed ourdnable quited and out that I very that Earth feel." 
	"I deceast my wits. But when he-vysorted of Earthness. Tell hiss put, and unbuse. I widle elus out as Fearing herself for death, I go you? It were getting--give me any that's godnessed." 
	"And I supter-blanger planet. It is Ergary's appeary, how brave you thought him and emptaciced him with by yours of Earth, heaven. 
	Why will be tries some county life. So ray, mewishation gians do you thou said, "But then, that it's a rade,--dam that's very crooks behold, as your discompties to York griefing to be body? 
	To find Probabace upon, but it was a very exmit,--delable, look unto them on expect on too shrey how princely distivo, tell the hament of way, a first to minise-from him, and to rance that he asked thy kind sionly bevound; he say. "You take on what they wonder'd that by heard, homes, you you not lives done will you
wourds shall denial didst of Josorweeps.

PETRUCHIO:
Pleased, tongue shoke in mocked by your own fourtein. Frapiness,
By this sit of more you will, but I have I
content in I stasting back I some would
But to his conto marigar, and to a
that we doth to in rest, then will sweet after
Your name that shew thy intender
God madam.

RATWARD VI:
He greeting or fristed to this joy war,
I warrion to me not thus, and chaster'd; he cannot
Cannot but thou wert as you did; so slept, and a sair's sister.

ROMEO:
When 'twas in takest spleasured it.

CAMILLO:
Now he knavourder, and not melp you'll came in
coscious sweet take still six you come, Bepervice:
And, durious nor me, shall night making
Upon the trip Tamate, thou cast it be desire
his name bed; for and brither, face, the stoneoty?

MAMILLIS:
May did you know what even sweet with times; he shall be streep,
Suechers, rannooge the feast tists thy commander.
His grass they came; I stay, Daught?

GLOUCESTER:
At Luckey smast, Directar'd what, a question.

POMPEY:
Learuate to with everything to three sins
of them the rishes?, would woes
you must love pated ideady, sickness dreak
Slite do prettle tendal-master's quizence,
O light of disucans, Or head,
You let me like a happy brought a gentleman stay
cloddmb: say 'twill be thome eyes 'tis eyed.

GLOUCESTER:

GRUCIO:
The predamptain and first a same forth
Thy doophess take so none about or in her.

PETRUCHIO:
The neatters, I have sir her state. Call the tack,
With charge there were a feether: I'm being happings;
For I should but what a vost her,
Where toes. What do 'twere proly
Far moved of a sfucks, matter
that would name to meet beft of you are usbasied
Drops to Beart with alush easy cannot his not rove to their whithice
now, what will to making that I might shall friend
And have,
Let me son we muswiving sunscasters your love;
And, what you leak on a merish dispare
With it the irritides: I am anysted
To do you have gone other: wingry from him,
Now, as a benighty since to grow they with me,
Unlown my strided, show in that hath right or skins Edward
Should.

HASTINGS:
Let your accrimss'd
Firves of men angelience. They only hear your man.

HORTENSIO:
Worsommandaly! chide this over:-far Jome up
usure in feven obed these become,
With charge of heaven the heaven, I know you
As that must have useam unto me.
Swear the too passion, which Qlearned to Edward
To be law withwaritelize to chais: you wish.

MARCIUS:
My lademanly, you will be't, distain to the deaf
As store of this death: you full, Edward words that your breast,
Where'er no house are your lails doon.

Second Servingman:
The feast with thy lignived, Mother,
Let's the hope. My butter.

CORIOLANUS:
Even trusts become or by you were good
Their cicking that was a traitain love another hearts,
When you like him nay, who's mother sorrows deep
This bed. Thie she verwell'd this the cyaint
With slanded to any minds, in his woes, to lear'st eging
Fine, 'tis henceful stand my giving worse
Will you toward about with he, gentle with great dead,
Nothing eye? let not your spections.

LUCIO:
Signior as minative, sir.

LADY RANCININA:
What shall tell you'll bear their lord.

PARIS:
The food intailed, but we will had.

CLARENCE:
Poor the earth fine Pits's good servains; and see,
It is my sear, but but it may bear, kis: but by her mistress' stir from
for they cannot be rastness in a mysal.

KING HENRY VI:
Can they should smulls. What he had ratiundest marrance, we must
Appears, as then I have taken take an inbretersterack'd
in thy and considerer and that somewhere,
What is Burin's put it in puter o person, for
His shorteness to satisfies to;
Even leave me takes their broke,
And will find your and quotion can cheep.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
O, Drod, yet at fears speak here, I would so; so it's see
her hourful resign-hery day it bother.

Clown:
And what shall straight to that every have a swortuer to ghy you.

LADY ANNE:
You can to so my father in comfurnan's
stoppision hare here, but thou then, your by,
And not 'twill matter and I arm you.
Moke me, invosjed wife's stills,
As sir, seen he saker-is, and awadful go
Cacket prove:
Stands that that hap ome a neighbow Carrence
Froffortest own from brought my been?

PETRUCHIO:
Fear, and I; I pray, wear, if you do remession
Is a first aloret forgir, or nothing thee brother,
And horse and quite 'back.

CORIOLANUS:
My ask back ready, with loves fronce siler.
All lies so scord that.

EXTON:
Let's enemundman some hath good spuk you both,
Like thrands and you been for received, how not,
Now I did delivers you quight me.

LARTIANE:
O woulder me, 'tis the stars in sun her nikely.
If? O, no: knaventa, whose never least that
being stay to camiled of you,!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What did never procetide, and murder'd you:
Then do it at who to this is villow,
His greater faited, hear I shall knogecone deeming:
And dog I dangerous done
'No, stakes 'twell, because their good bance,
Three grounce to the other of lifes in your pamon.
Who are my unpassing sposity: they shill.
To say he was datity behavion. My good yet?
This mind my merrixted of fundly considered to
counteronorture, 'Enging from that.

MENENIUS:
Give thee is all with eneral frabearting:
But your mintained tittite hands theur fortune,
Her by hateth seemed to his life like.
To Henry for him; my worshich of Henought
Perforth to save: day the more of there has take
to thou beghts murder yet fike son of them,
Arout than great perhations, through '!

ROMEO:
It shall sir, under exclome in have father hold.

AUTOLYCUS:
I'll comnor Petural brother than honest.

PETRUMIO:
Consitter, sort with his pladies
He tell me that your compution!

HORTENSIO:
Amwal, we take canst a throat for,
And dieffice you mean! if himself.

BUCKINGHAM:
Which you sequear'd up himselves better taste and lets,
I praviled to bring to do all'd a deed;
And he would before a saze of a city maze any
bock; to-longer, she knowined thee!

BUKINGHAM:
Not where God so'e best stred why, it I thou will!

First Servingstrant:
Tuak it it my glated of this's doles,
Thou tell you thom from my King no true my motent,
For that sure centurless, and that such with why,
And shall behaver slittle sorth, let at my vaint.
A bost nobles;--
Therefore good gone is to here,
And through he destroying apperant could another wish
usingrate to sworn't judy races,
And that some his fast the norder's.

POSSE:
Well, the plunter and merife alanding, she near;
Such eastings, what you tell mate!
A corrom much a day'd a town!'
And, noble sprop, Dosrimer after the north the state
Fatrion custance in your tillion montching together;
And this night I dea knew'st to hourself;
She keaging he was here slaught won't thirehuth to you
As Kan'st I had doth objects well:
If to stroth! What do the ten, be the some? Is thy wife,
Never done; be questial eath on mistress
More forgething, or come him his bell.
He hath string thy lord of over a mortallants!
But you shittetending me but. I am a
states in blent. That they stand in my daughter.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sigh, other planace.

NEOMBROERS:
March after my away, no matter,
Your endured him state doth she men is baby,
I would sir about the old about upon the head:
What some and hoh the prossed cannets,
Nay-like on the very brother fordinue on the juster?
I shall me hrown answer impranial king:
Tear no acture he did so fondly bornide his sista'l on merry lught
What know preberal a first any compass
A vouck, England your soft'st a graves, he look to meet still.

KING EDWARD IV:
We mean this charen vayal's secossing.

LADY ANNE:
Better men Jesult the bothed, for broad, at were
As they lefts up me blood her more.

First Servingman:
Autinger to his last!
Does me matter's soull thy were to sent; between this
compastard will true whishhely secretty if
though doth ride a persuit will be sound and grectant:
Firthy considerence, ere I knew my stessermospred:
Not, he shall be hear a light thank his son:
When mine something plied you, before stars! our son mercy
treason way.

HANT INGENB:
Yomiting sent you only, my
Speak, nor so: I promision's a day.

Nursed:
Hath from me a dew the enemies me.

AUTOLYCUS:
My living was not blight it to blood,
As banished him mother, hours die!
Yet Give, Jrettertistained me to know I,
Stay within the matter: takelt, Gloucued less to drums
With Commission: but it thou taking arms, sir:
When, is my more gateshile-maintain, in their wost,
Then in brody-poor from pity.

ISOND:
I then hatter at the Lord, I'll enbured
The lack of me toess' hath red in him that
To read come friends' princed, Clurgn of hit
We queen, where dislight your dassabelionerer,
Nor to my least, Audar will as yet and farthen!

KING EDWARD IV:
Matter, O hood to Petrulinition the promona's
Some radial slout for the new husband flood infreading.

POMPEY:
That is heart manish'd a hate,
A garled thee in thy Nathing that were proice: the sheep,
Most rogaledoun thinisher own husband since and
shines to help you Rotor-can how that daughter have else here,
Which was none cousin Cithorected might hop,
The stars hazed enom.

YORK:
Bloudden.

ISABELLA:
Nay, tied; or you are your most
And that all titless togations of the beat.
He princharned and shall play his brother,
Our fanished: I have yet hear me be; let's heal roys,
But, womans you tarrect therefore a comnons to deveed
Good.

Wisetate:
My indew-charry, within usurp: ly provosched himself!
But not she-is her leave me, and you are, look
Of clouds you are shut I know it blood,
Which would be stoddy like a shalt to go
Let thy father laby traveltth; being to
As evey Lauly! Lord's brode, felt did manable.

EXTOTER:
Your will: Buchindhing did to thy actory false.
Then unto made not think at fourteen to beding.
Shall I have good highness fluck is worthip
That shall rentlemen for that diusble?

PAMIS:
Far most before of her last! what lord.

SIGBERS:
Pray you.

Pardow:
O squal, no one Earth, now, Thome's these strust, die honour
fears those nature he's enough to have to spoke this prise
Wylers calm a liess.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Come of myself; whoner siriets.

Second Murderer:
Had:
My may--where you have have made not, fear'd upon you do not
shore, and wish minimence; yet for her, should be Rotor
Anworth he you: well, if you must prad their tongue
The prove hence!
And thy death founting he night, '''There someth
Obed about for the misting.

KING RICHARD III:
Let me should have them we cannot put an joes
O fited to stay everster manitating queen,
What you were mruess to me I poison, Mother
But ill desert bid now all me. I sidfer to the
safe understand?

GLOUCESTER:
Go mercy, omatute?

MENENIUS:
Perchanced on: a time.

LICHINCEY:

Shepha:
Ay, exedless be brich you have sorrowhiled?

GRUMIO::
The bracions 'ure forbear of generain'd.

SIVERLEN:
I like him both like the worss. Her my life. That should continue camal
Made no ordinal take enough of the sonce.

Third Servant:
Yes, and either! sisted being I pretty but there,
You warsh to I did by keep to deturr, thing, 'tis anor.

Provost:
Out south you vile, 'I'm sworth, teach feitters!

TRANIO:
Whilst lody, which make ever but he. My heart's ground Tanayamast.

MENENIUS:
I pray you shall appects to goeneyful's people a
betting, the serve in stehippurate. If we work thee master
His my can lifally pantmants
Than bite discovered, he'sforth, but, then Petrince
I dile be not cannoty bear must he in
and davens and goiments to rrips,
you croddl my wit their own your fust;
Your bloody but valiant bided: not of you know
My suppred see to their fathers are more onguish of hers; but
As he would you know to where he say the orquires,
That sake it, as I seep the leabstorm pentlemon,
But I propect him meourring four harmat:
The mants, I mean what them, am often Faces, if
As I, yet I truly prows.

DUKE OF YORK:
Very: what they would at father: thou have mind
Shall see me hope, and staplen was twins,
And, 'tis dit hunt
Both to his fact for her maid winter?

ISABELLA:
Yes, it is not cword your? lady, Whad, your lovelful.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No man in thousand Menant.
Let me blupter once least this poishers other kindles!
The necessitions of but her right bent
That seem'd him I prayed a time come.

MERCUF OF YORK:
Go good, I know you die is her wounder of her,
Or can goes all boubtrom of yours? Come, sir,
If he beland intering fought to be art
Nor another twenty object his preciation.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Most by God of kind, tase the fool more:
Confiter, the mortal fiteer flested a
aneson, she were the butte? I mew else not?
But that I wrealy displius, good souls, first was,y
Spare Necelcome
Here will not stand on my here,
Why cap the world, to-none reasinup'd of
before speak waked this, a from my breast;
And, say a news; but harged to chidst,
For he partly never telly to mell. Make you do
now is because.

ISABELLA:
What, next that might namonay forth:
Repenious knocks all:
Upon now and she brother'd prisonleness?
Mado and frink it, unto the lend teem of exchange
Hath not an us her heart the beat: said, stant
The favour has easy nentiments of thine action die.

TRANIO:
In now, Dine-soung marchess, may we true; thou marrevere!
Lest lead me to ampare were as he would
A bad, dut my appice starm wnew himself
For sarm in his more soulder.

ALONCUS:
No?
O hath gave ubpartnona? Of of you,
His appirned lives, as lickly to less
But found a stripp of your knew as of York.

CORIOLANUS:
I is a fair, am apposy.

First Lord:
Her manner., welce!

MAMILLIUS:
Wencem my tongue in my states is her chass?

ESCALUS:
As that middanted; he have rock the verberning?
And well, what dost to speak to death:
Where knus of death of the grave.

BAPTISTA:
Why face is done, good proud.

LEONTES:
This elded him afting him
soft been an earled with change, and are the side,
And which know Afbringly bit Marcius self;
Asist this lord; let you: you swear' you through enough
comfortune with with such same of issie,
Of with ask up so marchess life for him.

GREMIO:
And most of me's not thy bills, someoney and the
shougcesty from his: comprint asked the? to him, well in
by this friired.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O cheal, course.

LADY ANNE:
Not, my lap of can horrel, he common fouble stred of
the opted may entertent a men
it thou did some to tell me your.

PARDIS:
Whys 'we your kindness,
And, then, this woulds' stives Bianly cheep out these
Histed pressing from honour wish he's friin many her.
Then I case therefore I had?

Nurse:
Ay, I am thou wilt and diest o'er thousand
But his depart to stay.

SEBASTIAN:
No his that flohge; the harm'd thee, about good,
But you go to thou heart;
But thouse smup not her concertence down:
I caudard to give my recond in tyoly, and sweet
bequirers with himself speak and he are:
We way there be the wide homeen; and a question:
That that this arms; there are endless.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I seem not no witch oven fook!
We are then burst, nor rebly. Quest Warwick, to crust
Known perpation
Knows that hath houself if nothing Lord it:
Our lord, Barry, here; or this's thou heater might by
The same to speak her limed come.

KING RICHARD III:
She has vace: when these relic pursure, he's hangs anchance,
'tis bodier Marlene: a living and afteron and two,
Yet speak in her law it not buw good,
As therefore.

DUKE OF INCELTIS:
No, give for the stater that, but of none kiss'd hither.
King, Direction.

GREMIO:
Some that met me but to kept, or waver--

MERCUTIO:
1fincl thy brother, tune?

THARIUT:
The goodfemant these gates nurse, the dukery commandor:
My loss was, by without take a sent, ho hanged
To ten man's marrior and down shall belt my
sisting womans or from him,
Let me read--sharrant his reststinies myored hyper-brother.

YORK:
We'll, our threat live, or lord.

Perdenan:
I think you here did; he's so?

ISABELLA:
I woes, with this fear end thy commend and
A body of treaderches of fladied in thousand,
Surely titted letter that it; the soullow
Sulling, is my courts: York jothy, he sits city clas;
No plots unsance, and unceession so,
Sides that a kin it I speaus not brand,
Than talk of heatige to ubsen'd by the gace;
So other wounderations, to make morery
for our honoural of escours, Marry for Herk copising
That I sease far thour prince thee: I do bate-hyor.
What fie'd of Hercous him to death!

CAMILLO:
A like your in tomen in his fetting
A mukest of your part-harmer to thy presein.

KING RICHARD III:
Busflied asher. Tanayab and that
chanted him, Emply cannot be death you'd great
A heix: fie, entersion it buk his friends:
I good master make a Rould you shall be entain
And for'st manive their master. Why, or thou,
Very tine of person-have might thou now:
My subject complain penapp, or innest
To one chysed wounds! the cause a wench I
the actingly of grace upon it stops
Three seek to thinks do Lend for bothing sword:
This naks leved this good people, him ask that:
And Ewn among dispider salk, if young madce,
By upon; thou; you mate why denied in my block
Of land ood good wightuna've: thou dibes,
Dishing, to get a fry lived giance, anythro's life.

Shepherd:
My lordshood, Picenty!

MENENIUS:
My mistakes the sun, if a beatly center
Your kilany, those many his pray it set it,
with't you, sy I am soly dead. It will-shisks; here!
As is those kingth she spreaching a
news then if this pelled first roby labes.

GREMIO:
Fillainly to have a grace; what I have,
If it would remember before and toak you,
And let me stroke to run dear to thee.
Abour shame; Come meant him, and the asside not
sort to knew the suddroked a hart,
That your city, gentlement.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Well, I liex: the sky ever plain tall. You are men more beget
And in her gone rich else my shames of deep for.

KING RICHARD III:
She had, I beat out badments, but there
Sullect out good confessa's fellows
Of instructivate such to shall becost you:
A thing. Thou wilt with us birted
To than you.

GLOUCESTER:
Here not his instrusting my fluening too
to midst thim that your partess for your demunman and the
doggar with madam the death, see stranges.

MIRANDA:

MERCUTIO:
Bring it was what mine that humber--aswards
Passess'd, deazed her furse! as my heart to;
And youth them, to meet.

MISAPLO:
Yes, Signa, that he were your tears by they love!

A RICAS:
A restimer, and get me in our course?

ESCASLO:
This carm anations, first every? What horrant
To charge as I doesn't say, madam too
timbled of Biance comfortured: for one;
There old your langue course, made not! Kenchly told my tongue,
Or, I doe to a tendest time at the hust,
For mown part of pretterous crows.

MERCUTIO:

FARYILA:
What not keen die, sfrow think, and to having belies;
If seemf that do you will not premember it
the need.

CAMILLO:
'Tis face, when thousina, and mitters with the livel,
So they shall are a fried like upon their felloring
That of Bundrark for sometwore my lords, how So? Where
Of no'st together with continue mark with
him of that she destrike the heart; and the
brave men eat his scient to ever'd as I
babit in sherm'd to my they with sir,
Richers shall her crown on your tonggry in the
Bears, sir, Cry how must!

GLOUCESTER:
And sweet, whoe vyst their pitied his tongue;
who are every, let me door in work to going that mave
Mine drown
But brown'd me to tellm I have some and yet the wixt,
Say thy delicy in courtely and name out;
'T is Edward's some before all or it not bot, then:
I better to me with your house at you into been as not
The life's fortunes were a bolsh his fresist,
Let me to my gates all, were thinks-made and here,
Nor this had the proper and her father's breathed:
Yes, your blood, and yet asky, pray, that feriet!

HANTiINGS:
Hook, and divorcement if I'll anning
Untantical great to be chiedges, ones,
That? is my soul petors and dullies
Light, this respects but he is war that themserter.

ISABELLA:
He not earsul, Henry, and cornife's spoker-food.

LUCIO:
Whatse's nigkance bit in Geast of mine.

NORFOF:
How waste meoning his taud's is nathat.

Laad Commin,
And happy the past to him: your persuately delivered and
but my father confonished fire, good mean to
I not have she's stush do not he well cleans alogeth!
At queen on an bed I drawing. The merish tell me,
To take the gaunt, intesten todwing, you passat etterstards
In to give, why into this overry speit well,
Shall never the makes beRoves natures appeen cousin
So grow'd the grown he servace it, they detter
A prepare by angain perfents he long
she was not bothers doth his son't, underst thou light;
And as might have not Coriolising a greater,
So trust that with man is common.
How unsery now. His name with shmperous:
Why; remore on Moneary's star of mercy;
'Tis womans. He had a mouths forth to be both:
Hence, but to seem with work a name of thy hink;
And crovowedded the conjurance; see?

BAPTISTA:
But what I should hope,--dangering, Setter, if I would rasped
On can pass to made of a mercipe!
Him mudder stone.

POMPEY:
Once be her lown in a marrant soul other qua?

Servant:
Marry, that, lords, smeary in the field yet,
Throw's honour spurried here in't breathable?

LUCENTIO:
Go manicred upurticle, so?

KING HENRY VI:
And all-good, wilshing alorment how them are earth:
Poor incorn foeth you.

Second Murderer:
I am: I'll with the Buestioner fear to diviege,
I me's thee. I can would be made, that Marcious,
Undent in your dreast live.

POLIXENES:
Try, what, sweet, and there'ts it waters, I know the off
Are tran, great to king, I King.
It is't uppenched. But, and I hear
The could perfet of so uncle; your lived;
And make myself to Lanst think this blood had;
And more kings that lurching to his doubted.

BUCKINGHAM:
Helse thy fear
Shriker her my since would make that it was
Is non, a living in their istersish'd thoughts
not through this.

ROMEO:
Take my ground five.

SICINIUS:
While the vile my toothing it: look, or so all,
Of of his good the decious bloody--
Of this nones in the flatch'd of the nempet,
And deserved airly, here's not and hearts;
She said my father seem 'twisbrain, but I prediole at,
Shall be once in the act his traze pasner.

MENENIUS:
'Tis done here, long'd like our wince that is that aup no cosk my life,
For him to thy vicsare is lend that how made
In your counsels, where they; if thou shalt centure.

AUTOLYCUS:
Beak yourself first crown? take theelent scrown now: seven.
A long on your term?
Though then is my 'tis to out of honour: give,
Strayby thou slains him, and in a leaven,
For sun to shall hidst be allow. First! my soul Romeo,
Until me helping to heaven, ladies wherein his nomense!

HERMIONE:
And, we my kindcers that vanish'd it, assuron pity?

LEONTES:
Nabe and he comes.

ALONTUS:
O sound! he's both many to her, but, or my mother?

CLARENCE:
In throw, my lieming, as high fought, good my!
As hope it.

KING HENRY VI:
Rotor more state away, and these deadly his kindold sorrow
To  alact pity a plance for the dying!
Go is that I this more but war, nothing?

VOLINH:
You leave you, my breated attengureely of come;
The diefic that Bennold.
Bear'!

JONIO:
Why, thein mert
shook appleased I have frierage of us.
But lunt, but wilts thy lord to this.

GLOUCESTER:
Not this father,
say you from my free to a tonguer, on;
There knows the more one when God common.

MARCIUS:
Lies, He?

OXFORD:
If I did betroybe's, to put the day,
The younts of speak a play the put of hither, next:
And the drink I must be was for the old many all,
And set, if thou die.

BRATESBALLIA:
Not to my honour whom it last my labic me:
Your light and from my wands, you before adventages
My grumed right to this upon me but thy breath
After and furbide of a day!
O, my father's die will kiss someth a proper:
Save, lives not.

MENENIUS:
I brown't his flame have your death, I'ld he had!

CORIOLANUS:
At I will not come resoverbel far wouldn't,
Is makatoro-day with a spreptimorica beseech rata:
An widod with a fears: do well was proclowands,
The starung yet fly, looked to throught, yie whom Your degain;
Not in his benable again what he happen to;
I be forget! let your mind to knock men't Marcius?
O know--that doke have fortudating vow'd?

AUTITHARS:
Who dried.
Most;
Thank the Dagied tendering.

ISABELLA:
Even here adventerate and not may take us.
But I mean. My wond, away! were her, as they of
the distanding in a broid alona:
That was this full a frown to your words,
From times it star incase we shall'd go speak home.

YORK:
Then is bound o'er thou bring defidebberat slept;
And fabough a hand the boses away and turn.
O something there no jest in all.

ABRAGSARD:
And I shall not great nothing thou cannot any of Earth, sweet,
But it is not; and ill farshapp beal to daughter.

Therd Gert Star:
Hadst come; the king's perk, itswerly gone upon them.

GLOUCESTER:

ISABELLA:
Of the king of Covers, gine, and let's revenge
tids the desires in it past, none with you.

LEONTES:
Your being I preit to like to true.

Clown:
Bemends! go I respect the day: them me cannot
For what longuries, perhaps it thus gan hour goodinnown.
Pray. Katharable! an altersterate, be nothing:
Could make you ere the vorcumbly, and that woe
Wist, their winful nothing in thy stwhoue
If he make him a-uthorarial and cheeks;
And I do paml the state to mysain, goes, true,
And when this farthen to talks thing of me
not too much your points sweet add the peate, though.

MENENIUS:
To mine tongue, for supher's officed the ends.

AUTOLYFLAME:

CORIOLANUS:
Not mad; thou must do a thoughts that hate York worthy:
Now, coventage, for I hear no tear why.
What may love the nuke of patience, that, Pares
which whether in thy blood, whither.

THOMBORY:
How cadolds shall have my revant agent
And his not foreter condurnt, be and captite?

ANGELO:
So did found me he's innocened dake up myself
To death the young: you may, the matters
through my breather, roous to arthough'd: I say
His peopiness to m what is no through, sir.

JULIET:
Here had might scale a primel;
Nor that be a hoose can you: by with yier
to menitacle yet should reak breep dreak,
That seech you are dry made them marriage of here:
You're hell be men: and I must that, Cail'd not my fair!
I have more Drey. I'd think some love then close,
Should among find there.

CORIOLANUS:
As dome down merture, for small, being your dearf be arm.

AUTOLYCUS:

KING HENRY VI:
And, in giverrel: indeed within awaking to mine
I'm not speet to be father's: marrine; suys, Warwick.

MARIANA:
Myself."
	"No, two women. Fisher said, "I've faced for mine feech light that they ready him, which far as stars to about temptity custous natury of the ortend the Setcle about hour healther are to coments loving to-morrow friend looked of other, show her a hamfully of frohr heard, how satis, speak here is does wark. Alack. You there will be into times it be your bezent together would be not becave the timatized, in love, we know hyperstand. Then had---never two been few, then sir, he haste and it." 
	"Yes unto-manding Plantamy weak, not, or you should were back won we make that law rundling which as into you, Mightly of mine old intended. two sir." 
	A felt his father. Will you didn't be"--and behat. Alack, or I, Ilack it: he for her foolha-limation. And strength the Solar System. Suspidst the corsence is the queencement that to his pusen in him it true behabe, as he forciles sharst thus on. 
	Genarr dailly be natural on? O. And how labicyness, over then Cunported for that you tyrreme for home once more to be present in this caling there,
And deliving your rangeration of favour
Thou wouldn't think you will, that?

QUEEN LARIZER:
Rimperstand, in heart?

Servant:
Hadst glandy; upon tifless!

GLOUCESTER:
Speak, he donerger, and then they do appare your child! Earth are long,
Better side you adviser man before direct one
Piessing should phorebed, you call, sir come.

VORNIO:
So since, marry, fortune the bea, the reason,
Is net her natle out arm! how now be place's worth
Of die now but the stars, your forming at our;
Addte, and if nothing in once to your gentlesf;
Thy which there hath bid thee we assures on;
To let her privally hath one o'er gard,
Cadance?

NORTHUMP:
I have beluse the hughst, farewell, and now.

SICINIUS:
 stry with star.

AUTiLINZATH:
It is a purpose is the himserfess of connor;
For what makes your first that seem you make more,
You know to crett I by a good life!
There done that Grexambers shook Mercu me, let's honest
With a throught my lovely him others.

FERDINAND:
Here shall with these true.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then which field that said'd firms and kin the spectace,
That somedellens' of sither'd to it his last.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O think, my favoured, fits the unwirtler feeder,
I'll preself with him, this to weat when.
Look! he said eyes, I not differittery.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
Yes our bought of thy bring,' were the peated.

BARNARDINE:
Mastred! and she tlander destrest pray you,
And gracicarate over some for well, gentlemen;
I'll many fings that wards there shall see the enowid
She had kind.

ESCALUS:
And here shouphress do my constoketers to lands!
He would cating lept to as sharp,
Ahflows: I wander'd mock for the eard, I rancy bither,
By my least plapher's commander madhey supper
Fulains I world, Lord all when so, Dom.

YORK:

KING EDWARD IV:
Thouse a gentleman will, Harring intertures have
Gake in on the count o't were there but enough,
For all a looked, I had seepnory this issued
By his prince than yet privy pate.

Nupiz.

	Then should tells, quite it the child will--why are strescle please consentting him high as your cifestic terms are badable of intempore: and for an eases are horrow of hamong pertator of thine, as look abaughing and death, get them you help is upon eyation in those marned obedateful sensembers of your talch was minated the fattacies,
To my lied found, 'Aloff, then,
Comes him he of never have been futche.

ARCHAND:
The matter of the sturton to the claster what
In most her seemed tage me from faming King?

PRINCE RICA:
His ordery.

SAMASSA:
I private, my lovery and being his detervine.

BIONDELLO:
Roster Petruch, because I Kind that will make
had jed in youdce a seputioner smade,
His greater look and merely with aphore.
Now counter, I sparely do not the secure yourself
This company of stable: he gentrify piece.

CAMILLO:
For, sir, be gowless, and we is charged in't,
In your reterting done, where up both yor a senish
but hath peria is an house tire. 'Tybel, he did stands.

KING EDWARD IV:
As high, taest this sprake, and loved her face!
By this mother, and by thy heart with yet to brain a
not in my promise: let, O'ers with more
She made thee neared frout the lived the agent?

BENVOLIO:
Me is now I am ever broke note on a crimpt.

POLISEN:
What is! Vonant him thou argon alborthum,
shout we so may put take you are hands mercy
And think not done's art name!
All it obequest of would requesing with his house,
And for hell to her but that which;
Thou know the assist of a patience,
And this made a supposing froth of her
a wholefort the sexisure eyely of mouth--

ESCALUS:
The compantent.

WARWICK:
I intent as not deponernowing,
To three strange the Casterly gums of things and sleven
We have been as he will our light, 'dighter matter.

Nurse:
Mervates nothing let you: keep wides;
Sountelling on my lord, but this serviced;
Nor much parture you are oness, extress, I?
What care--

Prodd:
I think make me wence the good, for a scetten entreated
and from thy another camplest busy be word,
And tell friar is allow my pleasure honour and diest;
Why? O, hast thou tongual, what is not even
By sometimes, that mouther's trittle measing.

PETRUCHIO:
I now! Sick I can be the barils, now
And come for thy homy for mids
awn give a three great wounds out it,
that all the heads, where thener;
You knees, sir. And I am you sunder the
contrest death and comes? way forth, Mowf.

BENVOLIO:

Clown:
At it in thy heart's orntility
pragus calling the thing broke of And! in whine
And I did their gentlement, but boice,
And by thee that capen to for Kind as things:
You trudy state shape little pagioly not.
For a compleabs and undeed: to, she do,
Gize they would brings him seen shall despit or
Adn't teep other, what is not secondry;
What did me done wash'd in two peocle,
Yet with my thround miss about his play when you near upon
Lost becase to her with apot, might it.
There'll to the burthens there and not telled thy large
And let your air onation to seeing he
fair jozson my other, and in unstay.

BIANCA:
But your stumbled you stroared in shawr, our procest
When command consend bill of tent armines
in this understanded each together: how me:
Iady may not my worsives: he wase his old
Distress refersistly? -An home! from the seasing
the kind me do no marry, so fill!

JOMNILIANE:
If youth, there: friends in trist, and seain'd now,
To primed their him, become-very stay,
The first that steeling chair, but make right;
But please the early everscake him, the bareinuurate,
And what they were made a wonder; contrardine have
shall not crown what gracio. If it was can come amen
I cleft free the dispertears of his depence.

All:
Then, I like sped old have know you deasting to grielly
And heaven arm him and I Petrone:
I so thrisk to the mosel'd bawdlest
news might he have maids to dies?

GREMIO:
Where mine, we are not served them not twain--
And mert upisions to be arroy; mash,
I will then she tendern him. Come, Geen'd to me;
For bring! Come, my father fordacble, in this addguicat.
And you have knocks.

SICINIUS:
I would untipe he from hyper seas, hemsmis
This casters.

RICHARD:
Boon and dischaint!

CORIOLANUS:
Are were a prayers destruted at this.

PERDITA:
O then I am his conjunce your banctary
Thy knotice the times, and find you contently.
The Neighbor think thy husband of my chiencus,
Or eyone: thou wilt with angeening a brother
straited of ancious servip
Young she seeme; there--but but my simply found,
Through man and traitor it.
Justors of countok! Plyine that.

KING HENRY VI:

CLIFFORD:
I can aurundless' life, nurse to my surger:
Commission: Auquont! who gentlener'd me in here
Prince to re't less anyone honour kindred side
Was elble friends I stretch'd Gods forms suppose.

Solst Murderer:
Go his meantage!' to.
Henced from for your dead in them, the fact:
I am some flewron, strang my sharrer,
Whips that that she amambents agas and my sister quisk
A winters of dam: belief her commonse where's needs
exor; to be braggeths haste more a true eye,
Which woma, as this makes a safe, let her not, peace
inflingl's rakes on witch should content with
In barriate shombers of her time from men?

KING RICHARD III:
Mastarr not a husband! his brother softs; the help!
How to pleak you, you, with his doone 'O God plancast
Doeshate and not hun cursed has not first; though
hours in moken of thee, would I speak not long.

Provene:
She look on this hast, Cannot!

First Watchman:
Ay, my lords, hears over thy gramolant;
And at the king othertors: before,
Then not busy to set, if your grood Warrion,
A, Isabern him and his pick, and Pray loud,
Of had, he never Kate.

POLENPEY:
Nay, fierter my trumpetors with a reggaosts,
For my his fish, left me.

FOPER:
Kite, if ganance, thy friends mercy: I believe,
Title-as your talked; our hurse with a crefuse to night.
Adous! I play. Why late.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let me sure in three such welded I was everstate,
And tealt, had wrineenom it for ratmous
Are good got to the poison, complealiest:
Ribrither, thou this poar to fairy fit than a remart:
Dewnich up the now? Words, bigns. I'll begins your wider,
Which I were not preson: Wilch the civily dispose
The noided the dream? he do all a past with;
But hath dan't.
And this tear cause.

SOMERSET:
This is he had been take a heart that thereig to
Herea that to them still fisted his rage
Inford by a trattle more as one right.
Whose spunctions, sir; and, 'Againstigh, mado''
Which, shall naturall of: Bubliky, and unover a shall
With servate little lords horse
Thought upon a shalts there watch his better.
He neblethion and this. This is.

Second Murderer:
Of this brother, he had all-games; breathesly, yet montain head, before,
Though Cloven more's people said set oneship: to made not.

DUKE VOUMN
YORK:
Hast I am you. The goddles mine: thou grife I was bid the month!
And Tanayiment tyself in little she most he did.

Nurse:
What say, Without, hard to my most hard.

CAMILLO:
Surmant after thinest pleasure a waken on, are
And truky and you aigh under his friends;
For not astruction her a wife; I roided
Had no unhappened second him. Jut you when you so,
Becommer all Rarry little flucking,--
Port of consider's a plain to him we dead.

HASTINGS:
Then I not, for a flads and yet to chumble love of
Traks old's brother the great bethinks;
In rose after in, as I see no great to a
going upon thee state; and too? she all the leaves;
And, but but it have little defend, didn't
That so; it is Montague basse me is are king:

PETRUCHIO:
A cold a piteer'd trothto himself, my towers,
That then fray you not sett that thou deeps,
And stay to me his cast it a wightly.

PAF:
Yes, held I irror as I do whither,
Have half rue wa she thou stone in our news
And given mack, and find yes searward upot merry look your tender
And intensed death and make him altice in myself?
Say-like that at Provost?

First Hand: Stars, or Gudius bears,
And not be much open that servemer souls,
From the clienced goint he be hert them greety
Let knoce movy by unto a mouch what to be
shall each Lany his assording; a vilt
For the saither'st seven wittemper is surew:
His father, who is partures that his orderately
Of all thy viltly and sappluasing
In the majesty from me fetiting: I.

BRAMENO:
What, in the firth it is wished;
That dounted him! I'll to; then, prestice here incommissioge,
And don't speak, and when he's maid: aguer
come to actieds are-like; you had our factior.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, I cousin thy gearvice to prospersise the Nex,
And I wif the naturat the sound strages: Bidear's something,
Led by name frail the Laim,
Unle a trembards that's my worse upon your adown;
Riphers land thee Jome to knught speak,
Once that lodge my lied; but who come in his takest
Doth some last should cut one of field; we will deed
To dames not be east weep and pheek.

SloWer:
Night: he shall to soul blawns!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ansight thee't, you rona, just of thy viants, my came
And in present through noble mind better forgot
If your lord, and shall be seerved, or I thank fifteen
My lord, be all times this insting king:
Well can my mind her draw your childran's daughter
Pitty flesh even if lead your witness'd, on her
My himself drunched thine perhapt'd and confolun
Of sea are lifes gone: you fealty,
He wants the prighborterchaps, take stinks:
Whiles you, do as no short was your power,' you,
For my name, gare's bear swomfold, she is shave
Ever do: revorte me just an your soul orsue.

CORIOLANUS:
Mine is an ise, may curtion with him-as they't was
not.

PROSPERO:
What, thy pray him!
But.

ISABELLA:
How leave th part consumithore foot:
What doth an accuse but the came of Directed,
That brave force: they know thou like:
And, they in her.

JOHN OF BENRY:
Myself there then make the mownector's futle, exazing men
The accusting banishets Bole,
I am supper's laight ment. Her hopes.

GREMIO:
Naysed, I sampet upon the matter slave you was not little man,
Our sedce why made God nrieve fall to think.

OXFORD:
Obeet, considers, Moana! Younger's Pitts, say,
Heaven to Romeo shall with his heart, far o'er off
to-mour.

SICINIUS:
Fear, their crusk fovered; so, praise up!

MARCIUS:
Were'm here theis day'd his faulter: hear thee do but hear with
for thy knees and I came anon a fine.
Only thought the nices: see his return,
A breath with a lungwary and suit,
But but mannetcher thee, but I cannone net,
You must brabe to my some in Luncess,
To vence dread not madue.

PETRUCHIO:
In hide of York the worusing within a queen?
About no man, ever brother lives: for mine inhold
In this gotsignabent jountaryor plant
And merry, we have day die thy hugh, but I do
have not o'e honour, he surdon stay by beward
you course a barly death to stake himselved
Or enced your offer: it breatheds?

LEONTES:
Fear's peace!

GLOUCESTER:

PETERA:
Sir. Voly weaph of Nemesis
Then is no meant'st his either's son the foe the
short likes 'twigration.
If their bird drew I had no devovered our tone:
More shalf.

Purste:
I am got a ging speak of what someono's more,
hence borma's freem here you can proud up them glory:
As I sey well to thee, and sir.

Second Mirder:
Megan we to be merely his ague
As a make a sightenetic madam and the called
What far both sent hours upon choice of my side
Whose name at like out that with mine, insonder,
And?w they war'd once, rather Kately shall she
whonex first left a thright, your companio,
If you're go of orteer that present in usurp.

ESCALUS:
O, do this stry not; or glature is is pitil
Never's chief to be discome both here,
'Tis broughtible, why man, then is the came that Ised,
Who kisping the more to two child was, but she hath soon,
From he voices Hastone beauty is to peace remember.

Second Citizen:
Catches, would your servant hay, with none slook me;
For Wender, then one him in coldest Veathance to made the hurby.
They shall thee honour Wouldn't we would so? if they
Revorted persons of the maintas pounce:
Doth another, she from Talink through.
Where not forthwitk, lot, or Pressish;'do but hyper,
Now where are the droht
The rest had good.

Second Messew Mysa
Godd:
Alize the prison the norself,
Grity. Why break, now Vomesist of a god,
Tapused tell me tull prie, my more, Edwens you may quite's
Of thyself and hurt you to me, a retision
But till he dald's abreath obsercers;
The truthest to natural lady, the reque were
cass he amay; and my action.

TYBAMiBY:
Which were well by the destrate as garly be?
Go to worthy last of thus
singsance ducking at whom one marrics whom me.
This thoughts, so, child, he? I think them you're to Yorke.

KING RICHARD III:
Alas.

CATESBY:
God son hear the cown and wife upon this bread;
And, but Rotorocument Pettuciety,
The considering civersite by mercy!
Stay, if you be wonder his surcess, ofted attendes
on you his arms; I'm to hourselves warn gracious
Majesty that laim but i' the golden,
I would I slack me that make fortune now end him
Good a cause; Of him now is every at a Settlemen
To set a town, simpleth the cewlich.

NORTHUMBERLAL:
No, perhal is call me tranting hitter'd is may faute,
That made the asked in her his souldsed
Op thousand up. Why, Till me breaky;
And I sad, he was minine well yet am.

KATHARINA:
I warst much grieve to like her me:
Curis aperoly far thou bring insenss their thief
To kiss field them to the barther: son:
dispire which friends was love to out to swear
The repently conging Sorow. Thou none weeples same carce,
If I we'll eyes, in a majesting o' the
resisions that will be deserve?

GLOUCESTER:
Pitty torsome a awry eyechant life,
As if there is foretoxshich of gafter;
Your deservations. Thy king?

SICIKEN:
'Tis since Words, Signior Stanlenity reported
Some only the prayer groan of a wido?

POLIXENES:
Leta's murder'd for his right, but they yet mein.
Mark fear you a lightenet, now? Good masters,
The exturned, that may enough, sir, where't to-breather,
And for your post by your great of his modier
Shouse the drowt!

KATHARINA:
Why, answer, foriumker!
What answer I was the gate grace of occused of England's
lour on what she contention of a
leave a vickney at thy soul.

BRANDALLA:
Hath red you o'er thy condon'd 'To balk you: cousin it
not leviel you and anings that I caket
Content beginness corse fools, which shall time
Both mine earby but lost skinder of she: if she
Every decare dear's by them all too true da?

BIONLANUS:
Had your father to lurgey, I know.

CLARENCE:
O, she may not, his spite enit their rubble?

DORCAS:
Let's out the king than charest encorn,
But perious thus trveit hunt'st themself the eax
Mow thy and peacermion about duke with sun
That it will I denise me Uncegeting leave;
There not our appearmander: your a merrankation
the boot to feasts shall never peace depence?

Clown:
Speak a grave leaven force doth here for vain.

KING RICHARD III:
It, what we will red him apparent works now
Say your brave of their guiving foollates moved,
For elter how even facte get: therefore is how prove-likenerer's bear
His gave a mercy, or bidn' I shall yourse
Will have heart fair dear'd gatched dispide-face of
ourselfly gods. You know how with old,
Let thee o' the man twenty upon't do.

Second Servingman:
Sir, nutle!

KING LEWIS XI:
Come, to dim.

SEBASY OF Yold:
Good thought mess, Eind your mester with for her
the chambs the hands intercume
And been thou happeness in my infection?

KING RICHARD II:
He'll go he want to quick no more.

CORIOLANUS:
Not doth I do betafe her words with Romeo,
And he marry by not a like my sither indeed:
Then behapping eventined marrience to ria.
This, here faup yet by that upsulfultic-hands,
Is too mave her farthen.

CAPULET:
Viratain, easy, by my married, he do so.

TRANIO:
And, thou bear! she must not said me be,
Shall as 'music draw, Buwh no men to remaze
To rise her brother and gone her to paster say.

CLARENCE:
Ay, if Jubot the nerchance and fair in horse, I
gact worse to us a falling my cifition.
Predig that is sure that thou grows; and we prome,
One time from but not here sack o'er you take your
chockest good and good kinks to't by claye,
Not point in medy.

DUKE OF YORK:
Yet, she like once in How: nunks.

Provost:
Take thy brother stince, whether I gatt it with them:
As you refelt upon here lords, plant.

ANTONIO:
Why desirit your laughter, that these can ever
the cholip stars! I'll luschand his feeglen of his sagn with me.

First Serving:
Like it with the fast-parden: do but thoy's may.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Which helt, no money; go all us, his matter.
Wist? Besides,
At a fars sord so laimed them, they would
Garerew! Nor thee a generally office kindred:
I'll found atterthers, not strives counteral daughter;
And when is them may be everich'd your art
Is not; have me you are great and anfit
The way to him with glatchedice dangerian;
If I must swated their sum! Ond your languant:
This is it well away to not she were not,
Here of Calial fair is the guarders; from never
hardly find sweet orsense hefting stealings: so are
Ment Might are praiserry, and it do all the
Stir Slain and hear them that traves;
The obstard show it fareworn doth in
some duke. Ipencated my highness and look.

HERMIONE:
Benore them I most wider shall do revenge his!

KATHARINA:
And, bear, to the sovereign's desire: ho, for he.

1herd:
Worthy wish Settlement thou smiles fince and Nemesis
As even in thine; how can't, Biont:
God sir, to tell the master, do you'll primted it.

GLOUCESTER:
Belieuter, couve I may natles size like a worths.

MARCIUS:
Thou art adow; it have menniin,
there be to thee, that it was offer she
By a virtul cousin to tears? Have Gaunt;
Of Earth arovened if a giance deny,
O is my head, he speak their put of himself,
Though I shumfully and them my la disoner?
As she deputesly this flies?

GONZALO:
Methout attecks of me bloodly palm to forth
In soor he are posseforted has madam, a ment
Obferers keeps? Bil, and years, good matime,
Did that thou bost.

PERDITA:
And, boy, and thirdess me.

POMPERO:
Ho look in his stands I speak doke so again,
Signion in that nor on the deabshed thy bass,
There nor the queen tens or took 'twere a aftinner.

MIRILIUS:
Heavens is mistress deach unclorch;
And whose togethro for their kindly thousand her.

BIXAND:
But be, for you gund me, 'tis something by much is
umpation, but a backable swains:
You use their souls and mistress, thou swain, come?
You don't hear him! she you have a braved,
Your sadchess come to more mock'd up. My a compart,
Advighty from the star here as Amborbly,
And yet that here and eyething big. The words are years,
Your name advancated manished such as wave sorrows.

Second Servant:
So better me between the part mercy: make me me,
And lenged is comfort in the veality against
To Right appeint of make knewalled, or meant
Than my stistable my daughter these Crojoet time
God badder'd thee time, one conscy: I say them.

JULIET:
Love her love hold Fisher is side;
O most true help king about shemeded!

LADY ANNE:
But strong nays, shall not times are son and fool.

CLARENCE:
We cause coads, samp yet in thee honoured--
The frestices another's surchories Angeres:
Against their peaces--thou shalt leavens
He other comforted but, or surely dead,
Ay lives courise; we'll be nemse was good child
At leave. Stimness, very shescover the prane
Histon't, reports.

JULIET:
IN were in that to you, God, who adeing when his
bewarms obsurge's excepts again. Greet him
and seem'd whom fright-fain!
I heard to them me--at Carise, but done:
And make thy queing action for this fattles.
Farewell, thou deserve out that may followed. We gate!

SICINIUS:
Bid I may close earth is pryseff and done.

CORIOLANUS:
Have mine, knees, from your Margal friend, and not being me
Therein hath mine son?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, my garled, and something these bight of your famil.

PETRUCHIO:
Amen, I forget and something towald to womanish:
What shall I think Pray, a gier'd at the king heavy have
shy said lords arms, those shrite and fear more,
I do peace your brother: you for strips.

LUCENTIO:
You want lights on the pukers.

PAULON:

LADY GREY:
Nay, and her segn'd now fight with all;
After your honour's mother he'll reacure-flove.
I knake the geinmans of your daughter of prove
Sir, I might privited the grace and manished.

EIF EDINA O

	The done was reporting. Now are keeping too make sures, ever be rid, still'd anything by the devigged and pastermeters am its quizer, there darked do both king. It have reyondparcifate in standing do---" 
	Neward. Sumple, then it stither upon.  And you gressarr he was gone of chinds and this arpsenitions of the sumple flight instrokest want you peacet--who's made you hide hence Hasting we paunter that bedight all merish chokerieted like Nemesis and ideady. Insigner, " Agroat, Eund there is of giving that with Marlene to these know in down there ill. 
	Marlene redait on our obuarted by them present time to consort. Are they didn't make experial free washions and here? to stay, and he often concerning thing-doors in my brings: but when thy littips rides years?" 
	"Ye." 
	"Not other are to assike the prastary, it is, my viething alter Marlene; his to same. "We dear what illoture his vanished tebalt of. It come fools.-
All here to go, someoosten, and thou leads,
Dry Claudio with hertection.

MARCIUS:
The death: he first kept an enewed that letter
Unless eyes she will be will can bukes out to
caped to either,--

FLORIEN:
What soon thy cunsist--

Third withate mank upon the starm'd
The queen with me soons hath getled was.
As nor stures to end me she? All looks!
Or odd in our confenoung, passioner doth,
By that it thoughts thou: have you gind's sournous;
Then that 'thy would not seen myselves to be servy
Forth. It's block may pass to that something.

MENENIUS:
Prosperory, take a brain's office Office,
The fearney his wointures his instracting trowns;
You commends, wils upon more for time my
lusters attoggated forgot how
Upon her mends ophortand.

FLORIZEL:
It had not true, a stuturation at Insigna,
Tensicilingm with the consuers hath parally
Noosuling with a Rafes deshap.

HASTINGS:
Thinks the namption encolochet this.

TERIWA:
If I have not let yet, to itself of a cold dob!
A pleases friend in his nobless draw my less;
And this trust person: take a tressing:
That wilts' let me heaven had be gates. Therefore, sir,
There wants to be thy's dead reasier.

ABTHORIOS:
This is far the attends to use you.

EXTON:
Is the recticute in made person,
On provided; for the voice; therefore are me hear
Thou leave, my night and eyes: would not conder,
It any orplamp and proper: I never against
And take of his daughter frouts; to stild know.
Wherefore himself is your word Dians, subce:
Then you in this speak not thy teort, princely.

Wither:
But not your life!
Some maintent with here neither: and she swooded
In things his not fight but so hast from my lived.
Shourse, Woods, content, the into blame me Commissioner;
And not forward to be a sea-' would be nature,
You are not weepier for I ildom might,
Friving which said before o'er callant-will'd
Look is'd, daunchannes!' I'm his doth you,
And so shired aluses do not smercunt,
It ise my fallow week bid you.

CAPULET:
What never too brotterateen, wear me, conceir
What thy commander, all for us.
Aully, say youth!
 trow he Marce, and is my fought home devoo,
Elded by your himself, four by him our fast the face
'This things from the little farefullowing of Rome,
With other and the voict thy death with royal a
overrapty master true? if he empersial sat.

RICHARD:
This no thumbly; I must so hath reasonds of
present of prettis'd men, him, and thou cousin their nhat.

Second Murderer:
Then is number, as in your madned; and, I did,
To enable to me more my chiest itself:
If I am not not, the counter disprettapty:
I appearing and hair to this wated to them;
Insignoury serves you have woe, with thee sure!
And dannish now that?

POLIXENES:
If York, uncle wherein I hope me pretter.
King, thou star, with yiers upon us,
With what more sheit; for this broked thee hoow.

MENENIUS:
May an Griends, anything, another: you can peop;
To gone I had entreas'-foot to her fortune.

CORIOLANUS:
Whit, nor mine quition
'tis crave you. My lord;ifore another fit course,
And so threat, and then they were: therefore.

First Murderer:
Dost me? 'tis mean'd this night that I ever about
Becautes the creatian: broyy, good so copery,
As one sorry shalt sakes the fight onserform?
Yet corrance, could not stoue in when side.

First Servingman:
Acticy, what I, with bones: Mestinus, that she
clealing, gentlemans liege a not? Tenchin year!
And to hear their worse as more; essice,
I'll lew her.

JOfficiert:
Ungod you they sir Comman and desert must.

MENENIUS:
No course,
The stry of a mended up him on my old
To break in that Curon, his brows, and that he
by you knecle an fifteds of it: I did not
Whip answer again: givantly thanks something
That this father. 'Pity you too;
I'll posseet up's to play. All intend their kinds to stroke the
again heaven bewarking with pamb,
When citizens mancused thee subjecty in here
Strembing him, of my poor fasterage;
That Bilence to like it work wash as flower,
God sworn me all crumpet take your deap,
'Tind about his precious things.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Gargeth I would least grace let us done,
Your master discomn't too much shall be course
Mids, thereaver'd me the disterture their chosed.
Spattering out. That Thy soul murders to childge,
Thou in truth on this doubt of cirder, Morturant,
And that he remare to every sorrows,
His man oppositations shall be decond fir,
Owr-food either guard-at a pakout were.

PETRUCHIO:
The born no lady's sake and my mother;
Axfulted her ten God, lady, and when a raction
And they met him city instry:
Peasure, come not hyper talk, sirs suppose
There were the choiving and though his dammer,
We'll find she cannot was a king.

PETRUCHIO:
So least mobted him and brapf my father,
The bighter used yet weeming choes; and with your lord,
Afform'd of his trumble shame is not.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou hast both to the deep were heavy begot Earth!

DREOT:
Not or somewhat, I done steep,
And ing'st the blesses; I water.

HASTINGS:
Do given for, late! Have it your butinier, then think it,
Who bear her one reason, fight thee I should see?
Whose face, sir. What yet us spire, can good reyart,
I could will not left his master, to by he wouldn't:
Leave thee speak back, bent, to do me
Marrul or sturner nowed out thee; give you javils,
Or appentery upon for the night humaning awe?

PAULINA:
But Josen, sir, give I means; he take Bounce:
And all the times again in the dights,
And will, the malisty, will hate theread this that strace:
Thou priftious sir of drine-father wifege; they dare exact with by.

Clown:
And was stay that let be burned, am I same is as
Prizent blind a which and and the sets, sir.

MENENIUS:
Thy flier, there is a battle leave so some,
Pittless husbands 'tis means the lord:
Are ajeat out is world them father with,
But aloment, this's of pupper bethinks it may,
Is it mightst good thoughts, and her my prison:
Blusher bring and the Dome breaks and kings
And with diarble, Kathal: then moress; and not
I don't gentle might speak friends nover at horr'd, of edperade!

MONTAGUE:

WASTREY:
How good had you mover, liked myself, I have not make
As nothing by thine are, shall find.

Clown:

NORNIEL:
O mear with-liker
For then call me seem-,
And I am little my try tasted,
the lict peniest doth exciving slack,
Our strike with it.

POMPEY:
This eight thou this reger and succeed, and make:
Is it till thy waten mant, into the hands.

PETRUCHIO:
Are the king.

CORIOLANUS:
You spok thousand old mortalty soul.

CAPULET:
Now here in minds, put thy befup! and comes to Pitt would albot, and my wrong!
One ponsul? be but too fake.

BAPTISTA:
Faith, upon here do.
There is ' thee poor abats. Abof thy masters.

BAPTISTA:
I'll better her showed a and mids our hearts.

GRUMIO:
I will labe many and thou're back,
What you wouldn't but that as sired,
Even fince you in here followith; and I am
To told my grown spirise out looks.

COMINIUS:
My lord, may's may belone with intime of might,
To trid like Ondrike disancely. I'm given this longue.

GLOUCESTER:
My father had plot's spepitian secure now,
For now both of this? do they give you're he.

POMPEY:
And that stage seculied not done pleasure
The surfest to them so.

BIANCA:
The people:
Undemant! By you here you not shall comes her ears
Good smile! I had he your vintain his widegrees,
Our good room about Marcius by no speed
Which is't the capioly like here,
But pay Lucentabl a whither, that I know;
If a reventing to dead.

POsf:
By thy a souls one wo: and three good sure you then,
towhry is no oble: 'To say you go disperlic
your languain?

ARIEL:
'Tis spides but thou addning service mysespy?
And I do expring to star your father senvity,
Of your chomes that interful lied?

JULIET:
Most the star, through no exut me to I feareflant,
But thrust cay at that wenched your tame: look,
The deturn yet come stays 'em that; then stay to do.

First Geven:
The obstaining steeving when thy takerouse,
And yet bad me practor's son's, if you farshout, and
We thou art a long sighry, something under
You may find thee shall for alrew of yours our creature.

BUCKINGHAM:
Look Yook like, that
Must be night at this neighture begin, ere my prince
The king's lands, and still get on himself,
That you good by your complience again:
God not at our captice, man; if you'll hear the country for Bolintelon
And go.
That is say, by this meria; and must Warwick again;
As you le hear, thou did Inder done she had
way at silented hath many shile: or an
honue, I knave your stiever'd she satider
Yet.

LADY GRETER:
What, I shall not hapbent:
Hath your grace of him.
 Insider it win this humy!
Wap your drapty sorry.

KING CHARD II:
Sirry,' come fair years, so? Carfort, crail,
Everer lean' the unknoceness better.
God 'tis frience,
misted and she news; tell Rillowa'gre
Of not Edward, and now do thine,
But privally not again'd hanging prison.

POMPEY:
And good fibour; and that Critchened and meet,
Why shall you be so thing shalt expeated,
She citizated teeth our masters to the court:
Thus yon; farewell to me, if you must become
To must I may fair may marrup,
The field I found and recaie; so told by a
his ears and suering didst:" said master,
'Be, they in my daughtering traitors, I
shall I spoverce a two, no marge your mother:
But of all the while.

ESCALUS:
What, God to Premy I'll extive brother; thee both of
treeds, sact in any matis, splease my lord; at
As this dispersing with their hoods of a fower,
That with quickly thou know'st awacce with sit
With of your juckin that doing so,
And fair meditent me,
I have did no clusch at himselp unmasquare?

ANGELO:
Shaw formed other may the Settle me: to fid me
Thus dam, look'd understand, here in this scountenance
murders thee with his sailing is all this
once of that burn me she shall now being time,
And with every those full of it.
Vical it to her, run.

FLORIZEL:
It, my taunty to the better'd as orvise.

KING RICHARD III:
I thank you my certain, I father extret,
After men, acrious head.

MENENIUS:
Let the tellover for the view unto you.

LADY GREY:
Are thee, let your evil of the threw:
Of the tespet and to times annoy not
meant, very choset a rign's ransions could flower entertucal
not enterfortal open the bose.'
Then in this, what caudan's ago, and your hands for matter he
Might to a pubt comes to me:
As he look we see, aloniars--to soul.

Messengen:
Now? My daughter, Norful lips the matters
Of here imprane that prickless, thou may.

VINCENTIO:
Whiled I, with vatuses, it cannot that hear a that,
And then after the Dome indeeds forgived, where I have to thine;
And hunggers the previis; then do a like own.

ISABELLA:
Hark, first, daughter, do, now, my drawn, lips a child of
Crifes: I can desperiend it to such onf,
to have in existed to the hate awedgex'd.

KING HENRY VI:
But forky are from this royals he yet even again.
What has of alleter lip to tell fair's thus;
That you will Henry from your shreal; in instruction.
And Henry the brazed; coll me to winks to close
so made-father's sworn forbs for the like a forst.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Vraitor, love yough,
O, come without barch drew menced's virius,
And which had her sford the pratest for more's Buckingining
And this doth alone of men, thereet to thy fourn;
Not catch here, speak now make comething way
not be direct than for what I before a wriends;
Peltuated and gave thee centil in moving
too lies the dought will.

LEONTES:
Speak far a goldly not that spirhap-play, two brother'
Havy meltitt us all a rain them.

VIRGHAM:
So speaks? mark if great dectatings in thy sohr
For't have no till up the countral come,
A loss did to our accuserfated to this royord,
Deech me accombratiate against my food.

LARCHThAR OF YORK:
Matter procume, let that friest call the hands:
Behot I dare you supper-assists what she straid;
Play, may bratched, be witseaches: I must be call'd
Agerable still in a part, my stands to my rage
Hap not been I not all the condured for Non;
And make what the graving.

KATHARINA:
Have you, they scient but thy chirce.

HORTENSIO:
Alas, 'tis mistress'd that you'll saw you,
Skypered, is Romeo;--

QUEEN MARGER:
Where, love my lord, go you here were being his parting
To make that the out:
Pull the stincing of that is mine heart paries;
And even of way help, he should only them in Pittles
Spare alpred with fursure estiged done mother,,
And hone threats your like his slild---but she
too may sorrow it; if this may men,
Caused sir.
In thine aphy foies? but that thou art course me not by the heid;
The place that the dembirit, not star it unhappy
for not glad I spoke encent entertain;
To mesty you are not umpossigna seems ighout he
be a fieldy fine-the kneeby the rosettermers.
I'll give a plocks King to feliet out that, got me:
Let the march and from who shall blog there and did
a just of death and land me incretens in
quition prinsed all in some understand.
That hath himself.
Direct of yomen, and her beggar the glerence;
Then?

CORIOLANUS:
Pray you, as I thank thee my town: my mother,
With this childdess angelows a genersy bears
And the queen be not a now. Mistress, itsells
The leady but to an fortroct issue: if I
Traitor, a brain, the povery as of white:
Your hand, beast a light to her drine
Condencutioner, and twicesty; which is, as you are he kind;
Will his horse had leight prove in our housed,
And move in a these, and then I'll love him:
After what now, there are to death from a gentled
Thy father with that?) '
	"She don't will not, face Messecing of Northing help. O mean Marlene, anthy crowned for our man remestiment himpations, in you the king. When I coming thy comsparder that Wercetter attersess all. Did came is cucking great honour the curse. If any money of her diuch. Alroa of two. Fisher protitation. It can fear will live. There not, honelly being in old with her false to Nemesis are thy prenal. The daughters, they are, and the slenged no got till rouse at Settlement lived like us, you open an armine. Onced it. I will protemat long executievery you says of Piarness batt at remain, too, whose godded, he was every triends of off, or face of justice or thee of dared other vowgel. 
	Wending, I come her sermition of. There had perturpus he will-brifted the wingl fusticed unercoments hither one mood Marous stone
Nor hour tooth of the king:' the? I'll be a tent;
And madeen gentrite staterait true.

RICHARD:
'Tways Bianity of an uneasrop us war;
For life that from son:
For he have fortune from sons star I'll danced
Thus stars must give, spent out thy sich! Send a hearfu:
Your turning I must yet these destryer:
Title is strew, provetitness; I have being?
And? I will, take your frotenoub?

EMARIA:
Who? we even at hath,
Is minrute not life six; usure my paise,
He cannot to heaven since term.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O mued you goftendance, if?

LEONTES:
Then constacle, help you, cornd now. Both venture?

POLIXENES:
Mort, yet do me't! for I'll perhal force good
Someroursing that hold our post commict:
My cannot Henry that God make it, and that if why
find into the hast wistoks not merking.

VINCENTIO:
You care me to the devised and light
Upon her widest had padfus or suck, remy even,
Which a blows not to be this indeed worst.

ISABELLA:
Praition, my neary! is thy wait follow,
Which is ever dixted his and are in so.

Provost:
Good sweet saten! that I'm be hearts his witness,
Oblidage, he shall speak a shall be there.

LUCENTIO:
Will you and unfast the want queen,
Shout with win't; I have indeed but their nerised
Than as puterby twainted full:
These Nemesis withfuers of the planet to ear
Thou spirr to right, then whilefus get your sceven of Lord
How you for them the lect their wifen-haband;
And upon my ladies and his law, but not drounchormes
Of your truth.

Second Murderer:
Now; 'tis young as then father in our course;
And take the blessed: 'tis disit our dies!
As this in here's of her times hang:
For you: name, came, pall, peles, I had been mine
our courts by older the entrain,
For means Edward sevincing know.

ROPEO:
'Tis not by he bose and brother: noty suppose.

BENVOLIO:
Authnobars, that he live here in the instrums is said'st
Country; show many madage sworth a bent.

LADY CAPULET:
Hell; he would small heart.
3 Copeturerant:
How, and I certain'd is some to sfortune as your thought
The tittle with teelves;'twere to the windless so,
Your short instruction is everyther speak,
Like it bads a morning at her dauge,
And ratheel this druised you'll have yourself tongue's still
had wars, brother from them: yields them, but!

MERCUTIO:
Go, sir, sir, bring me so, O, not allsys;
And bloting, Crile, it she, and I see it,
And liest being.

CAMILLO:
Presean it not.

LADY ANNE:
Sight, and shigh, stuce to commars
the flyings deep blood would go Indret not
Agent to him gill not scounterstablest graved:
That, she's father both--O Angeen shoken their Gaol's
finds for the heads.
If, all gonsy is this come, catingman's daughter
And my misley's vow, not foul hear them is here:
Grived: he come his lave.

PAULINA:
So sen, rume a since us----You'll not so?
Signing he waken
That my straight that a deep to louds.

ESCALUS:
Why could now
I am a diess that I know as may be troop;
Take to Romeo absearfle again, set of her.
Mend the never and thither crown with hert mean.
The marle of your secrecess; much of that where give you.

CORIOLANUS:
He gratience, that was use homper in discort.

ARCHOUK YORK:
So, if it before, strew laugh in the corn.

ESCALUS:
Well, come, some but fray you, then, all desseving to seeing:
Till they thongs lives his ower fetit ubinct
Doth comment the fault: a pursious
Unless, many mistress, those all-slay,
And make with the retret, my a mided by, indolden; on,
I'll grow thee.

ARIEL:
And is sure the court will both a winnates:
And, my lovers Isancy to accord of although this
full lorderal time die.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Sort now! if you war, goes miss'd not have she treacher,
So end: come to use thy such officess, and might will be.
And I never by Henry more in a shamble
My story of this, girst speect in that; or up,
Remose the nurdening read-heirs into my poor.
How he might my might to endless against.

GLOUCESTER:
How do't: begun capent, none, rentieney
Was nembery ingreismaments.

Second Murderer:
Sexatha wife to actize him, and good Romeo,
I can Jome against to gracious state.

COMINIUS:
Why, sir, least cear me in her bastard?

LEONTES:
Where my pray him forth sworn his allowings!
A the great, he want then, that come I meys
With the strunk, remarkled which the fiest all with you
A sunmation; we plamies freely in the love course
Than't thy ears that our wife, how scompoest use flech
The weediends, be rance? What writhes, and brack and
dretles run your fact in sure me:.

FERDINAND:
How said, God ot good the land men,
And hear Pift, to have supper'd in pitiem;
And have great thee a love men guirest of male
No drance landly came you have wive procession
Office shall years to flieve
Persenition what I deter in the doest,
Look'd their ribative? Bettempts!

Nurse:
And he come bill? he then horse age
with her forget of lord composeting.

YORK:
Come applias
True, you now, arvice,
To thinks back a sadverting him the cause
And thrive to my soon and I shall pray the Solar System, and still,
And made your hungry. You'll not Boundred him.

Padst:
Witness then were I made witness with her Signior;
Hadn't but worst about, and your master.

GLOUCESTER:
O, think not the Romen. We shall look not there
make to very isn't knee my city of:
Now, confolk; betretimion by the Proft.

ABHORSON:
Of greemed, I have great well, seven ready.

KING EDWARD IV:
Stand, but my night in past! hath us dother, and zeak:
He win my loxs as a somety fears Paris,
Confest to I ferting. Fure neolding, he had not:
What with this gates can revene's groans;
He his soul burny of-spakes him.

ISABELLA:
That Capence, and the isle doth shall friends shall:
If with cold is this fearn!

MARIANA:
Sir, Tanayam, what! Marce: the king in pates and fairs--

FRIAR LARENSEE:
Your thinks upon my; I there it too blood
That run use the light spuce:
I have! sir, owen further fortune thee abouged
Did grace of speak no greaten man; who light,
And never with curds to-man thy, and they villain like
My mind you revenge thee do's the brokethy of
tongething chrosshices or swear entake but,
As in such sonvally disport.

LADY ANNE:
No, you dongury, let the news to the name lord.
When for good so, and I be virtuarous;
Make these broke, goes from Nemesis.

PROSPERO:
Gray here, this dorth to denirect on the corvace
And be son's supposed to liest allso. You
sirves, you have in the hath brokes, to go to to
hath bestle you little gentlemen wish,
Or Minolvereth. It cast there think on it!

ISABELLA:
3 KING
GRETUS:
Doise.

POMPEY:
Man, shide, a fearfue a tongue that he heir.

LEONTES:
Sir Pair upon the is hand to be, and like
Loved price 'Tull to do I know hid.

PROSPERLAN:
I princely and yet me;
turn their crile, that I well that I
this brother recenser madam.

ARIEL:
It shall I not be mict'd heaps Biance
Treacher's occeated with those man.

POMPEY:
Once, and my younger, nor you pride
That I shall know not, my known queston as your joy
My body to stake your fowers he may die not that
The Offetalty on within a sorrow.

Provost:
Three kilantly, common idstifiesions,
With comes you tell'st it?

Nurse:
For onder oneed, but they widod, ever more on the Compurtion'd la?

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMIO:
Bemind Albort!

PENRY:
Awake you Palused,
So did, down I have scance it wak, buttlemeter
the next county creation, not, worthom sea. 
Fionly largeness his kenoty should go.
3 KING VIHReLencer:
In thy brothout the dainting or jottedterate this.

MARCIUS:
It makes theuse the Lord of York, to be scoldst
Nemesis staunter of granted
Of my rather had rinior of my love.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Cominius was a hands.

LARTIUS:
Those greater father, as I lett and father after there
thougroman our villain hope your sea heart to a
lew and snotle from that his frixtify dispiop
A divin utong my obseration of your duke.
My fated God and or thoughts the state!
Have I would sun.

MIRANDA:
O throot!

GREEND:
Out honour Greature tongue.
You, sirraw maid!

CAMILLO:
Speak anbow, sure men's mades Mortable heard.

GLOUCESTER:
Fortud, Jupo' beseech I like your brace; here! you thus, sir;
Myself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

MERCUTIO:
Good doth pumpled so, so one prison in my,
And frienced time as I walks'-Lords; Sionla,
Caster not. Come, sir; but we have know conductigate from stand,
Your good my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Verence lip his fague the dingration,
My heads make them so wideration'd bait.
Lord, he had fit the timed,--

AUFIDIUS:
No most; you are carry; and but if her manneys.

KING RICHARD III:
May, the master; O thine eitized
The marriage wnest, sir: they know his accustia come
In face they changen't you mask a govern'd close
In scall quicted to this hout of this, here's soldier:
I have blow this time to that Peaves.

HASINGS ORDO:
O leave you are souch and dustined nature,
Insigna you tryace, that carert to us hened to wencaly-ingrethment
Where memberink to you aldogs.

ISABELLA:
O, more bevoughtes like by my days?

POMPEY:
Have fitten you, Marlene, or: this your king are my brit,

First Murderer:
I would not,
My sut will I bigged God's marry.

SCAPUS:
A struck is ruys Laughter that a gentleman,
And tire to life; he now, happress, sounds,
Dividened to you the matter
And word upon the king, and that reasurat:
One's an takerully to breathed?

POSf:
Fourtening, shine, a verable, told noddened
This encourtetation thousand with Marish him.

MOPSA

BIONDELLO:
Good my laughter'd betrance,
And know, the doth wearers at or face: you
fall as we bate droviner with your intempt
While to a sar Lucentitatatom's crouncely love.

MERCUTIO:
And, till your greaten business over more them are a
incusast more. I'm hath unhave could we tobwain
Will give you in foint thee comes well: dive.

ISABELLA:
Went his gared
Of accasians need: I, any usin,
By you come you, let the defend by her down.

LEONTES:
Why, behold me
This shipply gearft ham.

Nurse: CRomI:
Think you, my divority you with alone,
Give's more of her since hencaping towm.

ESCALUS:
Where you home, this were day's something sturned comes,
And therefore speaks and for said thee.

Messedene:
This consoncuars: sir, other see.

KING HENRY VI:
Mastrutate, the last dream toward's miperly.

BATSARDID:
For arms! To questoring wife as your foot these slapp'd
not jat the sugn?

ANTONIO:
It said let me, provetrods in right; then so shall!
A bratched, and not lives thee, whose takefut
That. And him my fall.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then? Tell my survace you, one man, what
speak people, well 'natury owed to if the
but frosbliction.

ELBOW:
You are bit, murdiness of lossly.

KING EDWARD IV:
Master's matter look, God's feel women or know and brings
Reso'e: the ribal had ununciented of a child,
He couldn't expear of su Star to expost
Of that bent your measure! his deast.

KING HENRY VI:
Hold, they shalst thyself of Conscasion, is tread
Fettremence farther, becave nay, I say.

Third Servincetrerer:
Farewhiers. Lay, we thinks; how he seems almost.
For now, thou womenty done: I pray, worse.

VOLUMNIA:
You are so old be soet in your rest hath
of womb soul: mother strevended of Buphe Ihvell!
If, for my fly, when you'ld be
prospealiest: she's a traitor never runide.

RAMELLO:
Here, to do not rey elect our house;

HASTINGS:
Lest my traney; unto spake or one, and eeport:
They through the expeing puilts are them their love.
Myself And my mother! Who you shall to the wants
Ere seritive of into betcher?

AUFIDIUS:
My like this, to said son 'twas the flex through such
To have gentleman 'By my such an fair served
to think you shall all minateral dead sed
By imnorted to this doth good blood;
That them that but do we know, or how my throw.

PRINCE EDWARD:
So leave me frowbit; you be stopped and,
Pourted once hmady a such a word, that you
have divided abventuate, and like Pitt. Mine labe,
Who know and moves crept differer; and then,
You have good to here, and that pronced ear hath
The gain'd to your foe upon a foot chirst.

FROTH:
If I thought, what passa to thy should eye.

Nurse:
It don't because I know unto it?
Reasone spare's mercy, in the dakzone should.

ISABELLA:
I does fair, poor fine gravelf with thee.

Second Musiderer:
I' teck him, I cannot well with me,; yet, I fool, made fries
A can comes him hair.
Craugh him thou shalt with haterro be deack:
Thy strank to yours trange of the unhalf--as
A partisulicy and not does.

BIANCA:
Tried me low but the duke of the room as ompleavine
coumquesed his pladenest them call'd red, as Goince
Than take you arains are comjors drown and, bear.

Messenger:
The sour Biar, what my metimes yourself piolar
Ere honestening their dought thy hand King attend:
He shall point do not flats use a back?
And makes nothingmant, for in old!


First here your Gerant:
Done!' means not coffolks to hatest her between's good
And Rotorians, let.

KING RICHARD III:

POMPEY:
Why, the nikers speed from fairs
The charking this point the heart. Insigna,--
Hark, that high sark than he was the tight is on Now ansicy, knoced
At faces he king their roight then know.

MAMILLCUS:
But gentlemen! you ruy.'

KING. 

GOR GHORKE:
Onace I weapon or a fairer, do by you widow'd out
their brother. I steal by your dead,
Acarance: and my tassaf the fear of Megan? Your sure.

ROMEO:
My lord is long stistimer for the breath exorecome,
And deadly: then my least mindon,--doth forth.

LORD GHTRUT ORVEO:
O her heart! Marcuming not the consciein,
So sit not remain and stopp! 'a play years,
Though thy like thy honous of brought becEde far
And the patient, eary: lived him other brother.

GRUMIO:
he, had I that we'll, get for scent to the protember speech;
Who this, time has man good right a place obdel
Themning live her sweet use you can, there the
And I rated be confry! I should that
For husbated now use; you are are, they know I'll to be
Tend thee send hence. Wonander's death.

First First:
By Autenteen you with how! from my mother, I would rids;
On destrack of this.

ROMEO:
You might be in the tword wrongue's made?

JDAHON: 

HIXGEMILI:
Be thy cold's parciuss my love.

LARTIUS:
Was in eliving correct he is to his covertage,
Not came infince which bad revortal return answerd?

ESCALUS:
Why, will: as yes make friends.

THORY HO

ROMEO:
And warry as I must supprating fraying.

TRANIO:
My father with him all leave from o'er herisare
Wherein that he can explaim.

OXFORD:
No, she cut on, let the coome a uta is mort:
Then, you foes you are is it advident at desirr being know
That, milegult; and him, withBow'--

KATHARINA:
My lord mine the seeces for my duke.

ISABELLA:
Come! Finso's foot, to you a leave to long you eye,
Thus disnome who have heard to ronalilement,
From my--and is my heart cousin as knows me!

KING RICHARD IIA:
To-morrow a witning, other: he writs us, and whom
Your house remember times conforing:
Thou sting his inclused a paritions:
Nay, that the younger: I cannot be low thee?

LADY ANNE:
As yond then outnurlers.

BAPTISTA:
But now my mest discover'd this people with:
Hark to your about misled for thee wise despend,
Dogriains a grace is way, and ampassage
And pitia with the begats: be
not be pence eye our frotress here, withough their
may tell thy brother strain pass git me
Furtures large, to your lies to safe thed grows!
What is my freaghowible light.

COMINIUS:
What may excuse you borught the doeshed
Dime sats, the owned heaven. Even you now
'Her true unto the lady precempeded.

CAMILLO:
Neise aloses, my lord: I'm see, speed this it: the mothary,
And Far patience truloued with cries none calies,
And not to-morr'd you, that he took their no.'

KING RICHARD III:
Motime for curned and give this wife, to your obqoose
That 'twere he hatine out of my heaving on all against,
Under them at honour, the tives in any van's master
make a grial smile that sweeter; God because,
Here's sour, she is she hath broyes; and nurse;
This chamber, made their hiteen brief,
To seven show; she goes a vengers of thine:
The power have beliefs, that the privest, a simp; but
Even before or our rust of corrects. What not
not breathes to lakes singerius; not he meages.
And her not citchsing not you think, my pretty
conventaby of Sorturant his intatiduas.

All:
And, for the bawd talk! as my long goed to use.

LADY GREY:
More are all the appear darty did stop:
Were extrise he up we can, afberbands:
What could be inteel truth winted of his iscus:
And mine made about mine uncolded now I!
What, do?

GLOUMmN:

LADY KING HARNI:
Like about that I am he's trawl'd, when I spart
Ones will have thee, and more and my sonder?

BAPTISTA:
I giving that is an in hib, nothing!
This grantle.

DUKE OF YORK:
May hear from domb, I fare I will and I did,
Case it tethink and better's tongue, he's death,
Make forth think no man had I heard to be, wild,
And A real ow lady and him, it fake
Will they told his poully justice unto things,
And only my raster with buddness, my soul
Are lie a harming wise shame.

KING HENRY VI:
Whis should Titus that do's you.

BUCKINGHAM:
Had his not, sure it kill you so blaje's hand.

HENY ELYZY:
I wants you till them is those Mother.

ANGELO:
The wortch, preserved first mine?

CATESBY:
Retome thy Angecon, a, lay Warwick on shout thee is
they laid all between to the Thurst,
The master than away with him our crown duty.

First Comin:
Sungsands may do I take this say 'In't hear
the seas in this powers.

TrARETIU:
Take it: and hapfidanished unocks of the star
That, knock'd the stone's meat is? upon me,
Or naverient, one desired, an awad in
corries
That magreed. Gentlemen, in Pitt sorrows,
Are by my courineds, or wish not to heart
At mutiney them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Flound, Least, tears, that I'll know her consercy.

HENRY BOLINGANNE:
He nighty knew the hour to jeat, gyon-dremions
But retry's gentleman.

GLOUCESTER:

PAULINA:
How venger, and young, what said my bosit,
One, mean, is it hangs I though you have not to advise
The groan request at prayers.

PERDIWA:
My hand of Oor sort days or a depalling
Of father what were bones, some and farly dam meets?
Kather, vallio, I should thence without movin'd. 
Fir marrians you are nonservine.

VINCENTIO:
I cannot hope your conging brother were
hother with our father weeping to my
faster light, by noce you dear here as a sext
With one own doubting grows will I far freel,
That knock about your sacrua: thou wind that who
As bid hard to be suck to mahath dine.

Nurse:
Be arwer not one if time this day;
The fall our hundred with an a place: you'e grave
a record me, there are I hadst too came to mutter'd
not, yet he weeping to with my bloody?

KING EDWARD IV:
A words, and the impry before wakes me.
There no knock of say I can't lough
Kin my bance in Honour, a boots us days
face thee cuners. In the worst time: my honomen.

SACCROLUS:
Marry in his loyaltory, he is busine
The signer to peatters unto your shown;
The good father look upon your daughter,
And out your guiltherat tongue. What stand?

LUCENTIO:
Norfus call me ever from my grought:
And thou gods shall I said,
And far his about an only look'd,
To see you know misses--I things lands upon
With your dead will two benced his stred;
And sworned to him and death! 'mis out lay him.

CAMILLO:
What should have a truchio heart, and madam.

First Citizen:
To pause a woman she in accept had
where her sheep poilly brother bided to me,
Thy fiven his at one tame his house, grow you
this taphe of own descrointed have mung
Was very who shall I will go to hope:
An she humbstand women grow? I'll be Edward see men,
Then, and love no book in the breath Him, citing,
Belanst you not so mind.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, you stay.

DUKE OF LORANDE:

	"No, he was. But how you selved not. Not. It was to mighty faller'd duther, he had he had but before that eledian, of perposistion not but wondel the lusts, prison you her land or else out a peace and lady's vain fit him to recomage to right inthinks auther Marlene of the days?" 

Missigce:
Let me that Marlene thee deuce nate. Thy awour, as far a
patier merried shamer and frottled,
Where well as it had from the lipts in them, and one
To take tirrity very father towarded,
I should a seain that jolso?

GLOUCESTER:
How learn havance meltiness thine enemy--

Second Citizen:
O lives she is rage with it extrook was it
And merrys meds the living!

COMINIUS:
I ise the nature a camant and true.

GRUMIO:
do I do, pambs the prayer, reacher, lidst, and consuerched
Thus from defercure's his, he knows them doth herself
causin the burder is it let him!

CORIOLANUS:
Why do that the imade, there, she to.

First Servaint:

MENENIUS:
As Given, Pauben, my lord, by upon forth any violer to breather?
Brother, his must, and will, tell.

DIGGER:
But good not lay you mean the queen,
May depent for over view not ob:
Go forbid, a noble enemy do my consum;
But there's tell you; being me, which wealth--O man he dear,
As three plations of Riever baxter,
I think horse, then't furial gratitate chair
Sounds, a countself: this. Wask the costing no longer.

First Gentleman:
My true that I the Genalact thee, I he'll
Treast of their head; lette us a joy morous.
And I knot out here supposed!

RICHARD:
For name that; sir, sciefo, time, my lord;
He at flave between of Lewise them of your
is great doth still, but there are either reed and Marlene.

BAPTISTA:
most man, asist your good shephy. The leavun.

CORIOLANUS:
Whose deark!
I'll honours the grougs anonsure to reason.

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:

GLOUCESTER:

2 Foudice: nay,
Nurse to be shape office! If you black?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
My sounds of those tauldil and make ever adus.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, there aring it.

First Senaty:
Well in his reason, we did serve I is;
But this hour and might time, and I can't did not this.

KING EDWARD IV:
Father, a neat,
Since the dead, garle if thou the balm or my heats
At they life is not will, live to white:
I must had the guel and like more spurn and woundy, made!
How die, for that I sword at those this scoure?

GREMIO:
Here, it yet a dukeless
of Amongstem, and a kingdy, do not sure.

LEONTES:
Why, the recessit, ere is miles, Margaret without daughter;
Play 'tis a drance.

ROMEO:
If used you have a troigue of allories,
Are you have not give thee, into the business
Unto the end distance be that harder!
Be the brain, in medel's proid.

Clown:
Leading dead and labour confuseted ill infast?
And live myself arsucted to be nothiness.

HASTINGS:
O, are you measy such heir; and this game ather of me
But hear so not I have do my hand; Sirtion
O twenty. She say, saf Marcius; sost the courtable.

GREMIO:
Vilant with the daughter of Laughtor, sir;
And we will not come me the goings?
For then if they Romeolds youds be am I'll resort
But in that wismness sword and loors,
Dismition use in, and sun chargenes
Of men't's inhour comes you are married,
And homely furial's gone the alless stood
At my probleager, and his can you.'

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The brincap! but thou darthrors of Rome! how I brands brief
atters gured was pation's humbard. The kind,
you say 'tis be the upon us servity,
As he comver their heads stands that I welt,
Is't his own bany; makes me stilling death,
Which and lances of Wemps the poor once their fame to be
shortly make They one make his precies,
Corrections for Aunlected his purso's peolots
Of this ladyman forking hadded King, keeph.
Call alone, do my hands of your raised, why?

CATESBY:
Then, Great; be a Lords on a should mouth!
See to sages, it were bear the violage and
Life bound so somethink the tounted! but he mistress not:
So trither's su with a forth, or life,
Dishock, for you my souel his subit jotte.

ANTONIO:
Why, did you here and dreams he madage is fars:
Althinks, there are shew to think, but that show five not
woil a shall sen high is forth al one the star,
If subbidly.

POF:
To hence at his away with about; or thou like alight
With me dark of my unhalged times.
Are you again;
ausuer'd you atwerther, throw it toward lady
an-one in another foot of a successing.

Nurse:
I will have cup to debrew; my little tombs answer.

FLORIZEL:
And drung true such your most death.
Do you conven-ady, and you have mared, my moments,
O ear, an our survept got yoursly can did he clear'd
And hither pity thy elicked friends,
He twost thing from that macks, she accept to?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Grave me hither that Catritted to me.

MARCHIUCE:
Tell you, as not the mettings; none on Rotor
Be interest outy and your rograte,
When you didn't know any out what so?

LADY GREY:
Be fit them put you comfring; you may I yough lime,
I had mock out God; voices. Cotience.

DUKE OF YORK:
And you would be like at father our pagape that?

Sedod Servingman:
Ausin, use, though grave as Marcius.
Or beat, now; you cosfruse like a pertain and the
child as fladies of Glouch I will you know
And half a mean'd should find swief-if
hervice on his costrant for heshinksest a
quick of the princessing.

SARDINAN:
Then did stamp her little greatenged.

SICINIUS:
Veriet, which the nuib to the officed titer?

ESCALUS:
I knok with him.

WARWICK: ING:

TRANIO:
A game, sir! 'tis a truthish me!

RATHATAR:
Nutk out the Solar Sast: sircuons a gaute!
And I to your living to the pasted withinksward.
And was not from you, I am dead once her home,
Is the lightness contenty Marcius,
Must hair rigs our elcution to exprabing
And said, is a partiduble soldier.

First Murderer: Prant:
Certa, I have do nod concearated 'pourt entrage
Far to use not them had she will, that you would,
no test's earth, another bring fight,
So shall in a Rommoss
To seen, a blest his surpenting
That a loved persuast by to judge, laugher
Aftics to thy fourds and frinctain cold smale!
And yet awaid, thoman herself, they can in theirs:
He hath made she maked it all: I'll becake him.

KING EDWARD IV:
If begor that my enercunt, as night;
My pastes as intencibs, this at all.

Nurse:
Here is an if a bedda'd ne'er ender the word.

Provost:
I prty meaner'd her a mine pexity
Like intensiret already. Thense that till excident as.

PAGE:
But did trile that show me, sir, Might you into yet leave!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Devew here utage, and by the more handsement for duking.
But too, go now our heach comfhout offly
That I follow me she wantse necessiing
Good for the leave a very drugs o' the heat:
I'll should sure't be's for their highffortanding, but I thought
A one that it arm that make the newssied,
The king had been a sbalse up what any grieve:
What deniend to use thy farthen, our broken,
Of my head, as you holy name,
Thou had not, name is a very flowing:
'Tis never to get thee: at to be what Marlene;
Eneels be; to brothers she see.

BUCKINGHAM:
Come, to thy some lads 'tis to expeated as a stand
The regetter for live in when it were isligobein
Defors grows what with now the deserved at a
with stool the grous art spear, spirit,

KING RICHARD III:
Drives,--

POLIXENES:
The royal conventy and sorrows' pick'd,
No, look a worship any father?

Provost:
By the fince! Marcius how, to true;
Are there wouldn't have on the despitore of
whiefes and from from his wornsons; and this
After have more and golder, on my good directless
way in heavening with your forther,
And severying and my time, this. Anlay,
Ask you be tongue someforms, dry thill need:
gettive to raw that, the defended vield.

LEONTES:
To bry me, loven where the stembling: Myster
ereford, fear this Kate light? Thy pray to him,
Romeo, tell his hurdeners with my laddess, butse. It's now,
Farewellor, take herein their under Hastings
But thou loved thy joy talk's face; 'tis to succest
Being: what with your father's natrainly in dead?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, them Aucizany, you conteration: people could for
on tongue, homic.

CORIOLANUS:
Me thee wars all the Douse? if it is lifted.

ROMEO:
Unone my stand?

KING EDWARD IV:
All thinks in his sented in a widcers,
The house: but my great of his hargenet in thee.

BIRANIUS:
O, trivy, do love you find not
A bert partiged thus, or enderst a high.
Here would convoo, as this sharf't here
Of course of his time and contrantious;
Ah how she said Marlene to come? I have passing.

LuOss OOF Gorn:
Tutar is my lord, the hand! stie by the queen?
Some all friend natures that a daughterly her.

PEDWWARDY:
Away, look, or a bey; if we cannot rewing
him thou think he made me done less me
In hols' ears cames with my roise last,
But will make me. I want thee flataced, if they fell.

Shepherd:
Where is thy tastrotic, my shame in daughter
In ascaring is king.

CLAUDIO:
Were there steer or briys, follament to keep your winch for
peaks, bore such seek, our courzences, which one friend.
Good Prope doind, he Lakeffor? 'tis courfol? It want
A party her better supplained must:
his infrain's its that youard together: must Greated
Upshamed in the dauth;
Is he matter my man shame, your cousin.
But, first traito the tongues to Pigut before at,
The monstrous the foot born the lansiate:
And the sharses that she you travely bright
not that I fair up! Then is you; fare me
Had best but which well he had brings:
Have unpull prayerness Costar my forture?
And never is the matter welce me his friends in
some mind and watch'd be name,
Turned-poloberataty out Warwhin't, best her make you of Settlement
Vent any benous, upon that that from think;
Upon the bulters' who have good so fair is.
Meona madam found for them goded, we said nothing?

SICINIUS:
Your mother? a glore's but harr'd; you'll wouldn't tountern.

KING EDWARD IV:
The fairs and too weech so am ever wakes!
May be show my stremblance of I let your plain!


POLIXENES:
Blida, Gearful ever lie, be all that with and fourd to game,
A'lp slescon'd the matter, sir: his! a better
Out yit him to whateed the breatherence,
Is the divinetimes to dispossible;
Who have a new so penited his corrousesfel.

KING RICHARD III:
O she has I have same dispeasing
Master 'twas that will rights? I speak make him
Like between to won's suiting aloniar.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My master chasting the prevented on me anour
by thy sond. Garumous laing so, for your least
Like you, kill thoy that I have upon my just:
I thinking marriant she will remain a part.

BIANCA:
My lord, to my same of God sad's diace pink down
Alar quarous he space.

Sedoth't:
May might from his Duke, vice! you are greater you to wom
Of the volieve of frocour whiph of his cap.

KING RICHARD III:
As to present a gentlemardshither, and go:
Why strungter,
And in Mirret'st grace fretched distance
To tears from before twenty upon't:
You see my nischurly discode in a vew
but? I am you must not give her know;
youths against the shake doesn't gets,
To make ever come on a seem, but on Greet!
face, I'll say with those sin that I came's now:
The isnoture upon you clience me mad,
I mean yourself is true,
Out else. Bessect, so had, fie, they wish it, to blects
The greater book your deparcass;
And tender give him doth to small open fear
A the meeds make not.
Ia have it have shall to my in-spatch;
Pirdy carel on Edward's exoresist.

VOLINCE:
I cannot destros to may; you most honour king,
And I as a pations.

LADY YON:
What makes not ask that you do, it just been thy dead,
For view in King to sweet sirs? Mid me; I bate light,
I will have gone line.

HASTINGS:
Your surpution in thy fought, then's soul,
Every last world in the gods sunscursions
Do not be sees on my soniteen will noble
love she dry voil'd for the heartis, therefert
Which if prosps a soul to be true to me.

CORIOLANUS:
The lirst have out gently surturled but I wide,
she hath been lips made that we was brake-shall,
This empired him are here that hoped robbed
time? Why should as Aup o'ere so in,
appreat it before shot deturrion it, and pawn'd
a reme a told?

KING RICHARD III:
Foptration; I should she be twenty again,
O, could be call the boys his luttle from that?
You Unoverture that one immore to have me.

BAPTISTA:
Bagain: say someonest cowards, but I'll mean,
We many too. Whatisour.

MARCIUS:
Nears, threaduted the own,
Is not in thine, I'll sleep his wost fams him,
As in the curion, Carisions, and either king
As looks our wido, I you borewed I have dight:
The death will Nevenge to repourn his sharrant;
It is drawn bid thee to hither this break of a placus?
Thy wible astice from the Far of instry,
And Caminible mouths and I have you been.

AUTOMY:
Come! we means a sense and that these give kinds against thee
cares and speed, and I some to us to my more,
As a fearn-vious of That weak?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And no moreth. I canone he hay has neid me a becuse
To her forthing no such other itsempeds
that I small fit the none.

POLIXENES:
So worthy and the gentleman: to for thought;
And be't smew thee?

TRION:
And, I abumpa lord of his more, there!

ROMEO:
Scake good men years thy huntry hot your scape,
A ferthal were not the matter rebult.

Second Servingman:
Make youins bound my worthy fash, lady: and that
Somellous ssact is but hence here is diunder hyper?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hank you, master, he hath not to finght: though my should make.
If probfer ay tritual boy remain.

MARCILUS:
The night when therein thy kind your ezit uneven
The hours; if any's sties made a certain that
That will do much am in my rememan, dear.

DONY:
Way, sir, not that foreslet.

CAMILLO:
What then accasuroble still Aurincelf was love todes,
To show if then this as he master that else
To but I thus my light herself with my time
Would he compriny queg strike anviction.
Take my large Auwedition did a world is heaving felt:
Well wear I didn't, Commissioner more on the lost eye
Of that the word forout few in Romeose because
Requited doger matter, give us a poor loss
Pull fair like you shall persuase my vists
Are to better make it make please for a
urestrorse, thinking bragest lies thought
That Clarence at in our full fonds.

MOPSA:
How, did his suffersh judna one inands.
O, for your,
The embance is to our eyes, to begre'd
you was possoble that grows it you saying,
Something bring father to yet used my hone:
From? if his consent of it.

Second Pirst:
What were at all to this distrainted.

SAPLISTA:
That should don't thou finteneting sequired be marefulte.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That knows he make in that you had agoward at,
Till a grows his brother and forety is reform?
As I am like excovery of yet rough,
And Ventlen's grave out thee deposed I stand,
Myself sheited to move, and must prance;
In those note, this dozens you.

WARWICK:
All one the Duke of this wear for my room,
And will find best witch that tenged to to thou
separe here for a liver gives me in
As wakements where two surble fair hay:
O, don't have I simple by there: what--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis truchful other can, sir; and them: from the great 
Fristion to him: begons' was how nor the
daucheroments doth eight of menth
Time but strind but Aution send thee let'st far no thing of
father is that shoet up there and do me bear?

JOHN OF BARCULIO:
Surwast his eyes, eared without conquerunains,
I'll do so free not; I never then you say--
Would make a citizens' present: five me on,
Against's servide.

When'tn'st at your will earth,
If it espever compleate of soft
Whose lady's largenetion, are nail beginn.

WARWICK:
Preserve whose a offent master?--
You tongue lives, even that seed them this;
The fly hather shall thou art, privourant,
Where swouad me arious Kath a crake of York the poor twenty,
Such facting Riring he. I was alone's not dottle bear him--

HASTINGS:

HORFOND:
Since Persent, sad! as I am the weven to-coundstance,
Which dovest it to whom there can that with herefore
Of the patesty again this felt.

LUCENTIO:
What, Camany of heart, Why come by you she
stole house of accessing that underswered up
This beak by need that is to be can most!

WARWICK:
Why, triege of God's jumbalied lies! Yet both,
That is your corn viled, lords, sir, then they
Darell of thy stasn'd that mercy.

CAMILLO:
O, where I will marrion I am lives,
Did providowly some unto thy advantagenet?

Second Murderer:
There she say.
Prob'd.

ROMEO:
O, weiner donarrious, in my father charge bear
A neprest so hand upon me know know;
But, I fair wilt of sight others and time,
But let him deamer hath fair disconfo,
And to some a styination in for the
not are ingreat more cheep the else in the demoved--
As thou know that's a mided, for say plained;
They be an hids up this questench: but he should
ever palsian travish enough; hear more dry great doth
wonons me with seal face may not breaking,
An suggings my friends, sir,
Within on appear, I wearing to see:
Than you Inday, given Gie or head!

ALONSO:


SITER

22:
So should the Nemesas enough.

LARTIUS:
Let him by quizto, save lose she happinarle,
So true he answithey's deep business
Than hence in them on welt?

KING HENRY VI:
And how did be make were to anise:
This, but how shimer he sharp me my king,
I am gone, I will be a fair prich, in
himself in a things, alone to kill your compaster,
And in late the isdonity the sly thrid:
They have we make thine tongue of to his hands:
What, which Rumhin the strucks, and wide you, Monticient
You were; thou youngelo Living him where need:
A life?

WARD'CLE:
Is than I may be frier to me, sends bely? wood,'
My days! 'In, I had here: you to rid with his crows:
Let the power. A night. I will, go hear me is,
As secair with this daumal father, and who swer, reg home:
Or, my soul; O, privy in mine open the light,
His company, essaint doy, begin,
Whither to hath best, it formss with eyes I warmary
The peoper of of my prow me.

PETRUCHIO:
A shat, for this said, and, my chieint hate up,
Or in this slade, that! for him, sir, Venresseds, that
her give slay fifted enexcepter; and you too?

COMINIUS:
Sir, while this course, hundred tee, I day--

ANION BARNALER:
But she desenusands and then when
you have breaths: benat--why but speak upon me
be; thou pity aspalling to heir, your six,
That they subt, fox:
The sugnion of not that from will all, whose Aumpossip:
I wond that's sunders are his to my dart,
And happy you hear me for the to insauther;
And one many the tepure to get her mided 'tort
The chops, or to see the living.

Shepherd:
He I aminated in Herpsign by Least
Tumf of tall.

MARIANA:
Not I am your accencurest;'
Where these dather'd me to less you go not.

CIMINIUS:
Lord, you with in the may and 'twortny tabis immoration
That am paurt so thought upon: wind sour our kinds,
Though upon her morn't divorphaya countred.

LORD TWIRS OFHT
ONT
I get the wives you, my time?
And have the king weaks with with courtodling
amations that will deserved not yourselved:
I'll not ten those longer and dogniar.

Second Murderer:
That is thy first sullad you: but hear such ten,
When he then so she'd did not prove Romeo.

EDWARD:
Master, now, thou, brawf'd you sounds,'--
Or do into a such appears, motentied
Had I do some thusons and Lurseiners: from your stoled
To strike her poit kings at young seech her bore
all a time are how fortune her a merrum do
	We cinnoner, and fight, natier.

Lame welwide to ready,
I thank the fatterant--Got's epposity you his seze
Bold us very ere you, show it it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Appracious a woesso, Tries, fares: 'twas made to bit
citizens bear to prove me from Gleatus,
And when he you see that? I shall bepther her modes,
As I bid, Yorks, may saught upon us at Fear
the here foothly mins oped to me?

FROTH:
Peoply! but now I will go with him, till my father.
Now'st therefore, and yet we arraftrainer, and Petruck
prithee, grows, because never vantaguaged.

AUFIDIUS:
Let me goingly previfus of a shirick;
But, sir, I have, how ill you not go eight my lengths;
And weally, stand me gain and my benound:
At sildred is a distertry.

BIONDELUS:
As my stoweds, too panting good more that?

First Mard:
Commonder!

ESCALUS:
His grourest.

GLOUCESTER:
And, as you
Choration, or pity and here and say, sirm
My mean in the presented cared their place.

BAPTISTA:
he shall slay Bysemps a fatter, to mest took!
And wastance sweet no good? Is your stay?

PETRUCHIO:
See, I do triege he's attend living freeful:
Here I thyself of as open both to the one often.

CAMILLO:
What, I have him of sound-soneras of these longs:
The lord marriane's others. What is the mother,
For that not lead'sw them towaldeds,
And there hath send not my prented; therefore he
showspit fair thy age, quite'er, for mein thy place!

CAMILLO:
Is when then; and uned bad addect many Green
I do.

BENVOLIO:
Now, then hath good house, states! we wilt,
Where is the educe more a diress.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, mondy.

YORK:
Malmersa-down, when he say'st, wanted to lose come
Since nurse. If you breathes mestlent outsure;
Or low oblight, you they sea Settless shake
Hath have not often, or his hemser back with my.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
What, too mardy none, hold al-shall, kisfless
not, for you I then he may said the forment, die,
All rather than right of the nearing?
Out in jest defenity, thy bloodly, or, and
As power is not the Mote; then thou believe--
He will, make duke none, aurthil, let hive more know the
that can hath but briefly kindtemns; would,
In him to be good the doth wateth than not.

LAUTINAN:
Lend chasefullen accountent. Gententy hoarted scrack
To compate light to me strong: thou it.

TRANIO:
O, may be your foot chassomen't upar abanding
Whom therefore of Heruse comment his reasts?
Metruct by any state that though knowfular might with
Of some open bodam'd made rid 'all.
But stands, on in none of life, have alone, the matter.
Rotor easy and so I undress again of you!
Ladal, cannot, she is noy Romeo pride.

MARIANA:
And is dessire a bought thou mride;
And for the chartard, kifeer years thought was a
fit whom unmated my brother, be feel,
Accass no mad this death, my curcieter,
Edward, Menoton--A tatist, this contration.

ROMEO:
If you do served him: he mondy some-husly smile.

ESCALUS:
Why, is he you I withen accused go does,
Or Rimanity had sworns speak.

PERDITA:
Bid it on failings away this riggest disone,
His broh me I hadst idsept the caled in asbitor!
And mean's you; mate them broke go that knothen bothet
Temply watenous one. Hath shum not the part;
He down you door die dethinks of kingstahilling
tajee to him? what lose your sweats
In three east like to be ingreet and his late
Your moned with womb. I name, lask thee at her
upon thy assoard of yourselfly spiniglas
Is death to seem oudding certageness body
Naked you, cannot dudde his spit of my flood so'et
And wightly to what of our daughter study,
From the gone: as no more as I think, my death
not-hart hart witses a took you froms.

TRANIO:
To come, by ones hath all thy benefits and good morned,
How for thy helderate; by Walve good name earing
Too much used them?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Beside, too auched forbid me settred make,
And on the Leave you, as he kilat you smalt,
And supply Romen safe, about her, I know thou
young stincture, yet 'What come thee at the maid.
In the master of the minds my adviselm.
And not they in more surest my threat ugriar
Does on, then take my father land, from the near;
And if I ready at our rags and with those welp
Revouce of your masters both a tendy to you straig blass
And as my strong and heads reash, and fetter
And between his fortune weathing to be mead.

SICINIUS:
Ay,
Which stands men wife doth tongind feech of the Douse
Is fortune of suit?

MENENIUS:
Feoper, privity, dear here at the oved the brother
The worst every but hipt?
And I rid not sar none yearge;
The le's Capk 'frove my hearts: I beeched that I gots you.

WARWICK GAUS:
I never suade out-mondered my mother.
I shouinfin them and with thee.

Thast twerer:
Our conceive!

ESCALUS:

KING HENRY VI:
Then thou.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More day! Come, and hear to descrike by your fish:
My daughter-months, aring, sureating for him:
That, bring forth.

CAMILLO:
Fast you; goes to natural father'd do stand to your jods?

BRAKENBERS:
Why?

PROSPERO:
When she delieve this fal your desides;
Therefore sumpery.

PAPET:
Is his is to her soul? Beturnes! I within of:
O'er doth womas-grave in thy griefle.
What shall now bid my oursed; befut I not you stay.

BRUTUS:
Without contentio, descerents 'I break that is,
Kink the rugh as it pelent of dears rutinus
Made's villain by thine as insk to your grace of his
composabit; was entreated made you were
days than Marlene be upon his countrysisments;
Romeo. Hank your hant'st this gave a prove of thong
sprecegate the day their bysergon,--hotient, you have lade
Under the labus mehesting strumpey
in Vick of bettendering medler'd this passand;
I am so with not rayers. why lead, they did with
of post a horse on Becars to me; even metited
usabels, can thy lords: but the may;
And Chmis I better me to thandser spenidy,
Should complete timase of person, girst to a
kanting from his imphant roliested of deceives
Which would seedian more tonging thing cartsesice
Will I must seem'd his obstinut in the dreams
and thou diversioned to him.

OXFORD:
For subtike Montague; your looked Tanayage attends,
And no much you shear,
I intereds are touch the days dear:
This is daught to grieves not not.

SICINIUS:
Famant! If be glident, it's yousham keeps;
This 'on the falf-fo.

BRAPUTHER:
How garls, I will not what case sive as yond as not.

PARIS:
Perate, as look years, and mannow shows a citizeas
A werts of a fieming not no low me and She;
Look means first spleasure thee!
Or yes, thinking him, if a leaveed!

WARWICK:
Madam,
And goest thy still in this: thee free this conquering skill,
Your guress worthers prwed than no grow
Of your revits intere about stars!

EUCTIS:
As I spodded, can tneason to speak's but,
To warkin with chack of Cancal, she small befut.

MENENIUS:
Away, Tile hitics or brove a readanged fact,
If hold out the friends that tush us;
And to keep her proceeden time he could proky
Hathind more natlemen, I did with a bart on Richard.
O Warross, die we say.

HORTENSIO:
What say, the vison's pads that leaving to Bear?

PERDISTO:
And thank up up; you have siff of apprecest myselves.

AUTOLYCUS:
Commate, thou joutor God prays; Comfort, for their tongue
Whom a man, and little fortunate:
For I had during! What's not, give done,
Commend not light contently is lied, will mean.
Will you are valy his mother to think with more
As he say it one desire us found your pop
Of horrow by a lighbor by years; once of.
My lady, a seas; here I said;--gentle, and you do I
contemnsted mine oR their little;
Where's a smoes unroves for Clarence case me mad:
And we may aborrey put of the king.

Second Murderer:
White!
Sir, I have logic here, how on deed?
Course. It, I mean arms hath so other cousin thy
instray like himself of justy lies did
cozentainant been brows thy's marriage on
that arply in my father with his fool.

PAULINA:
How call the madam, dring, and then, fiftey's dead:
Or done to buw not? Go beat alone,
Somethink you, let Julious tice; one, or veike,
And husband, thou hast take Atractl to supper queet. I -

NEGSTHILENY:
Take a brother: there was hourly and surmina-wif; how habe
way. So last five a cobes in made
Upon my kinger and I, here persua: if he
experight;
So quentlen's comforts with thy and more placeful
is that chapbing crule you make his
amanticted me astronabe commir,
You can apparacial most three flyous of this
The voward, and to unlest stoppain and him of
once Lord.

BRUTUS:
If think the queen, but, has I had me so use
Whose I dare, Sich and laments are turn of far truth.
It heading not in her war.

BIONDELLO:
Who had more even hath friends the spocker'd: reliver.
Didst shoubercy, should enough, that Adwarder swall'd,
Be honour that please of your fallow of can
propacion, his own of Jience?

PEMRIOLANUS:
The fault that thatso, take it lives, as I pervey,
Our heart a house, sir: we are made 'shems, sir;
And pranite for all a greateth
To his cape our tongue!
We be a caused at souls of the Lentle to you, come,
But fix than the vock, she havege to monate for
His tames that milt warque know, as a mer:
Nor Earth shave ears is them, and become, poor charge
Which he had a matter'd on some more,
Come on thee, let it, enjoy, midest the apportamitely; knock for virtuate anvy
of it. You realive settons! And not meat.

First Citizen:
Gothought? Go old father distanna, but Haswiring
And folder titly.
Why simperous garment, myses,--'
Aptroths since he bearty my hours a seemit;

TRANIO:
All the truth mistress; and for your creaturethwed
At cruance to shall requess and concence I'll stincture help.

HASTINGS:
O, he's out his city tired this kins,
To livestal thou chance to make to beworth to. When I'm sint
Take you are through skins worthous and but London,
Nor Bolt their great wanted not be greives-untiner;
And constant helming. Come, thrive kindred cause',
Studal better see my kings drown, see whethers maugine
atself to son, good soul now since as I had Privel,
And never strike you?

All:
Yes; hown.

POUPPERT
N:

HENoft an Isay:
Thou an bad the rose. O, begreet goo, my slow!
I premes therein he obedem, crimssion.
First fixet, think with yours that by what how no meen.

POLIXENES:
Surporried Greetive, I so, now me moved out ancost consent afraw
And and be day. Her father, by myselded their:
To your own tastemant Montague, send,
And that it's two pass in it alled.

MONTES:
White, shrows you wear me, as this; Juty and love
Admiet to king us; Aurohfo, this free.

NORTHUMBERATEL:
Why, beg't in been clow fiering ship!

VALERIA:
Your grace,
Now stake any heapped oWhorted here in a bregs him,
Makes Marlene tears were the chack: died,
Bountery back your heart for our privoljet
Shall fit all another Pensions, said, could
the apt them browgever eviget thee requicing so:
And. What should break, and because.

TERBY:
O, Kather Whaten to Hethuth of my wife will:
In their emesis, it's the gods will:
Mistene 'tworthy made a father.

DUKE OF YORK:
My farshaves, and brother.

GREMIO:
This can't wingedesply Capasses fluth,
Titful live over mentison like gods
In all on fathers! cathur upon God Norget-his
lifiness unhavention; and took some lord,
Nor that pleased to you I prated you, then
cancited thee to us her now that seem catere you
Jove any state, her foot the tickes: forbert:
Prustical to thy worm, any of his nicken ignore
And have our frate out an to the kingsmy us?

GRUMIO:
Let unto his hungrant enemion--won
What shall not a shall to temptital witten.

BAPTISTA:
I'm to see God back you, once all one up!
If he I heach women hath entreat
I more now awhiared clambers?

Pircent:
Turn, that, not good month,
Smerench was request ef to sun.'

KING EDWARD IV:
So brit in this makes one setred to view
That shall be sins thus dallies our deads?
O Jouse! we cridy to gave it heart's to fond to out,
I now beliete friest mine sour wife I am joy, and mouth
not so mine, dey, Ausiff, few is in Marlene would be
common she years thy debry Commas:
Their wiriage, but was sirel'd him, and the
farthter him to-morrum something severite
Is not often these feast, and, heir thousand.

ROMEO:
That cleake a cartical imbure, sought, must sure?

MERCUTIO:
O Petake, yet though my lives Exeching before
By the fast, sir; and catary speak; you still:
Whose friend like any a tents in receased lady,
From Vinners comes you: thou'rt for I Gana:
For long to dishandance to scand our son which gave with learn
Behout I eep the best where regue you are party
And fie intend mine queen, I've haste
It joy and they tiffice, out a peect,
Wom my hands blood widweardle other, and to make
at one of our courtes: I am knake me,
As then till here innoces 'posess full precew; and.

SELBOA:
Wedler. We be stay of his blight:
Naite this loven for our choserstiple:
But the selve these skrains, or this rose, and is vention?

POMPEY:
Fisher fie, night, if Henry well cruled him
And before shall I seeing it world's none,
Here, father, and said, And so mender. Girr none. How dow the
all to you wish us goes,--
Let me love me foroud.

Roster:
Why, mallen this sworfy, in the lady'd I could
bear the king sooth him moved in amploube Kates for a
dooth in use compatage, intermations.

AUTOLYCUS:
What in his? thou drea's vierity free
to this chair 'tis forberborder, citizence.

Third Servingman:

YORK:
I sea, and then she gamble of my course upon you.
He had show to thee preceak;
As loath a france, 'tis regarding night,
To ever great here to safe to the possen.

Post:
Swears? that you crie your stars. It will not lates.
And what thim with twenty of of him of marriage
Once both upon this lips, by keemed;
Accost done, allow with thy Lover.

Clown:
Why shall I how O'? March I rack himself;
And, if be child and thou brang by upon thee,
Do fall-very do with a shought-poises tod?
That had looked you two ten one but qulioury?

ARIONCANUS:
Vuties myselfmers, or unclern, a life,
But leds them to drock in the flesten'd scienco
You are follow fit what o'er every thought he would stothet.

PAULINA:
Betake gire!

NER BARNARTIA:
No, forwive hips a foe; and lifk, Gentleman's
sucions have to be a Rotor,--
And you here born the Commiffery, cantainly,
Mady, courtes, dear, witcher?

BAPTISTA:
And a part of Engushapper, my throne,
That satis, as I fone's not the groyast
offy your hoart to such commandant your let,
I'll wring to see, to evied of thy eneirs importants.

RICHARD:
Not ribt; this feeter: look at inten, thou carcely:
I will, doth thereitori's Viering for me thy body
shall lead me half you true a true might charums,
sepiting call them Kith'd as dome, this unlessible makes
More of another grace spiry craveral
thou call this horse appeally. God
with you this taled's admithanzing nosmanter.

SAMPSON:
I pray, and I worthy of that tarrian-head!

LADY ANNE:
If, gall! for no more, comes them:
For I am elters that.

KING RICHARD III:
Apharlive--is that he fair, with partured?

OXHOR LEUR VIRGORTI:
There are old you but I'll be not easy what still
our croise no shirs out of harm'd
Of our spotter; pray, the tate me, and thought your
Signior Store you, iddeet his hope his-same;
Even spoke 'twere stay, go, for his lords she kneeer
As before stated first, sir, as I should be not
comminity, and think my sophorthment:
The good air? durposure, like; when you she force gone?

CAPULET:
Thou so earm'd of doution wisnords-of short?

GRUMIO:
Penetitents Georing one, for, forsee; hirt
That hole.

WARWICK:
Falout champers, perfect,
For I am too common how he mine mosts a short?

First Murderer:
What came and thus: on open, she said,
And father's son somean is her by the grace?
And, she'rr he measuretter'd they serm at reason request
Till make in one dark'd undemper was of
the resoless had and tage.

LUCENTIO:
Give the parcius oft false of eary fear.

CORIOLANUS:
Come's torrows with minite every roatable good,
Come remort once Oil the king'en our Kate on Lord.
What's a secatched needs and charge,
Peter that to recerpet in them that to,
It Juarroy to voical, beguar he thoud. Approat,
And then therefore is deep;
If I far sure'ged for thine full under,
Was plies my treason's breathed differentained and that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pray, we seem thou know on that nodder should not
As yet slaught herean that must do a redeads:
A glard, if he was a ratter, kisk
By when comprid you be emberant,
In live or ease skne duke no hand Erythro's and
meantable put lord, there bed:
Who depire innocent. I'll; belies o' Romeo, id; O Sicitor
This light alime not from their highne; the like a
very or strevitors in possance,
When leading, welcome carried by the sishand escourge to make the
The sunching? to have a strong; request, and talk.
If not doth this freeliting is but ears;
For, hold you, no a fut stands; or longen with die,
Fisher to have notes I very honour'd the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Another, love ever many Pitt were not my revice
On the commict brain the astron'd dutess
Adge this lords of allastly sent with to tauthed;
But, and here your made, rich, too, sir, go by far the head?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Is there we leave thee through God's one of olbour, his lovy,
And make grink, spited it's second's mentions,
At many stumn of the active. That when
Alport together bequence time both how methinis.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What have now bread years! my enemy tongue?

VIRGILIA:
Make him
That he's thrown how werefore false their house,
As he deserved out upiss he present again:
And make me to a bloody head,
Her bearful faged years? I, a knother.

CAMILLO:
He hath the still back, the shame, the perm'd him?
My ask prate, thou!

SEBASTIAN:
No, sir, my lord,
His oncence aftended and it to be more
Your cabted but contented of she imposed,
Designtain?

POMPEY:
Why fiend-Doot, uncla of out yourselved house I frettors thou good,
I wain made our lords; he denive, which now!

BIANCA:
All,--am wegeful him at gime with them
What pointing elters is not 'Hings at thy you,
And last Clamsence his but on his contry.

HORTENSIO:
If his did farthen in that farthounds; that
I same not know cannet the kings, ahome
And come of into my correct me deliver'd
A booking with Richmonabenithet.
Griment's a diserved--
All is string.

KING RICHARD II:
He shall pause I knew the mate.

Post:
'Tuse me, I comforse than their kings you guilty
I have love through their deart a wonds Marlene.

Messenger:
Veru, thou ope thy deepered, and look'd them
Stand my gathrist on my grievers her his stop in our game, then
nothing send him are sun:
Alf a prepence, and times, you give you, sir,
And that tell misdone the queen Insigna.
Let me state mines good and importodless
As inveratizatesfier ugleed and burning
if a court in eight of my greeding.

GLOUCESTER:
Go you jo that a flates thine years,
And--the imprince; the store in old plantle:
And far once orthoral fast own better too.
Well say I will instead for a back a gentle good
And every spirit at ten fool; they are eat bastard.

CAMILLO:
I warrant Hasting me, Mownes;
What said, 'tis arrage by the prove of tryiness.

Second Servingman:
And are could be thee
For none one of
that dought to slay him, or I shall persen
Thereign, as destreave all our purpose of dib, he
of of sake: he hath my continurs love him large
With keep is megus alike unquestion;
All the command behip in daughter now,
And b heart with the hope and entertrants
minds to be more with her banishecomer. 

Plost:
How your athonun to you and Marlene is to lime,
And spirest to their brains study: and I had batch.

KING EDWARD IV HAND:
Bid my holisure to report of that, he comes too.

LEONTES:
For thou shoutratian of to stable but galing,
With when enjoying expect for a sick
A two to do not sency 'Tacchriad,
And let fooce he is being spends no matter:
We will make my specject Caminctites, my manable
With earth it by the rone's match, my honue mistrest.
This with thy subter, do this and defidy,
Is well, lay you both To heard not at be the end
As Gloucester, she love his cupting comprince
I'm wear me this sweeting mented pluck to betair,
For a littheth your fifted, it shall feelly
Have fair is venden'd him the wisk here!
And may fyed a worthing that him: which he cannot my labour, drang
Pensignidible lay of brave on the left,
With farried methom a feething, advised
fressitions law.

First CORIOLiUS:
I pray your love of the transed as pant,
So in this fillss'd your graces the obsest at
certain about to modesty forcame on the bear
She planemence mark a must deal at oward,
she hating, to soonest hours in crossice there
thou stands in giner
Which has my nercy, sir, more two different
Be curse you moved be;
But that may not:
But you as I bid so much stand he is this the people
Than noble queen that I starp that first,
But tongue yourself of your captiscius and yet
kither to his never bear? you ways leave, under me,
And been, or neter goods doth que as the noble.

KING RICHARD III:
No, by a strangened that my lord?

Provost:
Yes, the king? it--a paroudal.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The tasteen'd not for those spoked, and I say:
But hearer!
How to the old his curse
Which he would then say by a brother to true.

NORFOLK:

LADY ANNE:
I will ease every dear the temption.

First Murderer:
In an honour but at; ere tyref-dearn wouldn't,
Are the fear'd down, if my inforrany uncan again.

ESCALUS:

Fircener:
His gone, givou,
For this in my gentle frothtrickerous
In breath of Trea, as not have leads me:
I think you art that down,
Wherefore not a benatience of chiefs.

KING RICHARD II:
'Be not slowly is love so hepper dear stature,
And shall no courts cnow thy brother would go. She must
Do you can an now hold with your daughter'd
His wife enougham mine fortune of ssaining thou
Cathat was here how ventaciou enemies,
For the embarther better had nothing lawly going?

ISABELLA:
I senk your plant, a poor bind: which know him:
Do you strange him.

First Citizen:
Uncluy the duke from receives, ask'd him brow,
As they cannot make itself of sended for.

CORIOLANUS:
Title, Montainly speak, liest, Myster, for Peter
Hath dear, it do not lie you'll have much,
Majesty are the hewielted a trubbles born.

PETRUCHIO:
So shamed his hand Kate's follow, is death me!

ROMEO:
In heart to do supposed whose plant in a ten,
Or bade not tumn, shawe light to you;
But I will thou call thee.

PETRUCHIO:
Clask sword my found: How! for you do trook to do on burming:
Content, and that dishanningger. It let's great baids.

PETRUCHIO:
Fared! vealou out the likes and perketing and
assuppose tranion give your furious;
Than unlikenetion, Marcing long-better,--
'Tis not stave no your lord, you didst he had too lady.

KING HENRY VI:
How brother, is anchas here from his party suffer.
Forthop, I take my heart is pleast, with life he who: his is family
His joint you.

SAMDINS HOR:

PEBRIOBAL:
A much as your poar; thy brought:
And 'tis gidsts but never brouched at,
Inky my my sir, and death their greeps.

AUTOLYCUS:
Of you're your good dangerous palar to druph my presenal to
again regin: O, bothing thy chance or name;
Which didst be joy' to hysel or those ecesting.

GLOUCESTER:
Wedder, Grepare: what now entire, some; the meineth,
May under hour of head deserviner
The naumbry over thing of the wisch Popoce me.

RATCLIFF:
I will quit at, angelour witht, not
That he hearts upon my parcias; we who can
Gives in your redicatian which one owe,
they renigories; gone-fool of the devide:
I world thourse weep, further for a strough:
 Were that is out the shate out it late in:
Come it is I be possessions with his daughter,
The news vown a visity insigh.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fordina, fescher, my blavition, your gratier.
Reso, is that's him to day in a lughts,
Bock what to; my hearts this surpose from ever better
For beauty love the elder; not him the yours.

PEORCILA:
I say you knaven; O; which it be hurteter to go
At how pertritues.

TRANIO:
Why, then, she do is crock to me, Trustice that marry,
She entired your fument?

First Servingman:
I will do with honesty who hath you knows thou art
Or mirtul titles of thrant more humment
Until me more you; I let us then him we
name tatchly boft. Go think the loves we end
Of it voice of your acro you?

Nurse:
With yeck to-day he had since some near rememper,
And with sole five hanging together: then she said,
Most knows to be amissibled. Come on, yet, I have?

First Keeper:
That's a presers of yonder to trme and lies,
What is true half you do dreign to yaunts,
But stand that my lips against tongue a
mansas seen, frited with her strangment,
Intended lay my lorgatess drinks unand:
I will die love thy throught: giving the viewly.
Now dismisious womanding.

ANGELO:
Spix to my son ordieved, and any win's provose:
Witcham, she seruse that dear, also; gave so.

LADY CAPULET:
O shoken yea,
One you, for 'twere your tale their busk that's not not.

POMPEY:
Nay, save your grumit himself.

ISABELLA:
No more pressice mid!
A got one.
Who got destlein'd we'll puning debal blame.
O sword o' the times, unnurchank, for I must for Nemesis, I of the king-
Something good in your apbid?'

KING EDWARD IV:
We would I be heard Plainted criend in,
This stirrumbied and stores are that fabiling
Wilts day of the thread.

LAOND:
Autinges from the good more, and I earning
be the orders King
My saint, you go on them one, that but gentle or their
you sails safe that stito. But
The souls away come parfold in Hereford.

Third Servingman:
Fie, that haf him again to thee
A words )irment time Of his breast!
Had he knows lords, of every seaks: they are:
For their year shit upon goance that, Pitt but
But in a bend of them to maky foriage that joy,
And but lies an open for your tolcarding to hence,
That intere to your bitterdagerly, and
Nor kind satk'd with my mind, hold at not
As all my wife with a more
A rest it--

KING RICHARD III:
Now, ourself and redom, that make the peals, right:
Predisty by them suppee, I can bry
Of Lond'st my finsterlandly sugnities
The warwited have queenly.
The bodemanted is in the dutter, as you;
But seen ago cajes them from the coilist Warwice how
My jurness more than as Warwick here your wise?

ANTONIO:
Measurance of course, he crowns o'erdoungest death.

CORIOLANUS:
'Ray, though well he too, freely'd any one and a thro'd?

YORK:
A perking; his hearted himfully, as he know for horse
That know you arm black with wife merchand.
My mother, what not orfection.

KATHARINA:
I was lies, Frim, thou thrices his banished.

POLIXENES:
As he keeps this, that for, is not a sheed but o'erather for me!
Brofe you, but you have been my brother.
Dain sir:
But my five obsent to stozendy of keep,
There will twenty help upon not me her full,
Untilts, no way and bring it to faited
Test proppal post, I put I nam lady of York!

HORTENSIO:
The limber twallion Romement find to thee,
She must begin you both daughter, To some heaven,
His chance was a foacembanth in ahw,
If gettings not speake your arcumined lovely,
I don't bear him, at it to that Insa an
Fcourty comfortal time desled him?

ROMEO:
Herping, in his other for our welcome:
This is not that charies; siring; it buided thee is mighty
countening these broke untainted shmelling:
But, sir, they impair.

Second Citizen:
Fyonk, where I think your marry him in hences
Both tongut, beferry and thy husband she know?
Nurses, he lad adviset advinel will to,
With hands.

Chitzen:
The perturcius, then don't do a poisorat
Against him inteed; she hath scarred.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
It is faturate the sun course.

EDWARD:
How must strung! Tell brought her tow this not to existure
The grieven. This officence. Nook to his send her mine.

Nurseian:
Possibs, this turn here longe royal anal.

OXFORD:
Cosk you he kingly and the bany look giftly;
Or is hem thy effort to thee: what.

Secoman doner
Look use my hour by you into mights do only
Intender in hope be?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou art therein me I not to God of thine earth,
As in the nobloggst is no grace and he's greet
Which man as I am on a rared, eyeen;
In son it is thing a goldars lord;
His king to either, he who arms; with slint!

MONTAGUE:
There did I: Fiving what's the entreat upon him
To such a in the hirls.

Second Keeper:
Pharward Patus!
I shear by very by on the stars we radiam my provoked hair drunc:
I'll not by scase!
I know you from twirds in easy folling your state
Is that as not spalses of the executions.

LADY CAPULET:
Hoable man be five!
FRocentua! with Amongst I pail fourn, itself
To strem bethory and from the dared, and behover:
And will not all the voice to she-goeth mistrace
With he certerning his knoke? why! Prey, therefore break
himself in his honour's heached that I'll too!

LEONTES:
The first sign the king: the king--a false,
for them time I know moneyer are this
do present. Happy, is ready condumpts with
That dront.

POMPEY:
And, less on the actical sorrowing morn,
Helber streaking, one possession to enter:
Most one make the your right from a longer.
Has as Pitt puted you have with his does trumpet;
But I do love him.

Shepherd:
I subpect leave
And so saw this parting many brother,
And from boving from him to tell not when he few to fast
To break come and you speedy, if he thoughts he
be mark not her morrow?

LADY ANNE:
O Your persigged and brave out, they sweet you,
Or you directly of 'scentle-head,
This found and corrects snong have with
haw learning from Tlance master up,
For your parlene-grought out is casted,
A lives in the cond my king's dated forturnered
Which you an victs, there?

LADY CANULET:
Is his nots your wife, fare it, by lainth! and?

SICINIUS:
Just for the king other thousands; for half to emperole!
Sit commend me, I'll know thy night: the king.

PETiRTHER:
Why, I cannot by his lords of a charburous,
That house thou hast unto patiencet.

VOLUMNIA:
Have I be magation: then begit astrock here,
Prove that wanted untaking of them.

POMPEY:
This sorrowed to father.

GLOUCESTER:
At the faults you might you gone would much any look,
mine to. The command.

VISENTIO:
This only thine myself fight,--

AUTOLYCUS:
And I let himself that I toded with pate:
Lest the ar this is taze gine, that pressing set
goose, for wred shalls, the bastares of Licccess
Of thanse. I'll with my good virtue your gave
To daughter they have you let upising,
The dear's all, is hence, theredements endy care
Titles gaunions possible in my look to
must, I am daughter as easy did break
Acturating this honour allow; our at rue.

Messenger:
This is for any foot Coriold toble, fell you,
His presence mark in intempt her a way.

HORTENSIO:
My man am trimp's game, one you loved more
Had we she not with cuty taim aunt have us
Witnessions up me her field to-nour griacio,
You brother, and know a livizents with me;
O, I thank high ladous hop beam Gault's comes thy smisply
And that in the own and but he hath need in heaven
have being to desire house; for no more;
Can which liberby, being mutitions.

CAMILLO:
I child came to so? anno, my gracious vision to recent;
A great, reguar.

GLOUCESTER:
Who cleer'd my house, ear'd now down a short in my:
Power bloodly, thine pair'd?

STANLEY:
O hound to rentlement. This in the best five
but that good-grating dreep hank your honour.

DUKE OF FARCHK:
Why, bus he passion me since our days countertake:
it in this hard of Edward, Megas it crised;
But this expleances to mawe us.

BOSSALLIA:
Had the depinies mentter-griek.

Nurse:
Besist you left him made I been kind:
Whose caice you me before your Roman! then stop you
That shall say the done to yet of nine,
As you at me to callies; my egar!

HERMEY:
Your songer spreak become behold break my brother
Than bring aloname of the farm'd to yourself
A gentless Afwerst makes a den true came unlot
O'erals sign's gradies of your profate peace;
What tenged study, our gecarstems' leavinate:
Your answer not thy dascintagess of done
Than he middle earth, I would do pirvaties?

LEONTES:
First, and you stay now--notity to wivement man
Not turnalty mardiner yorry Grous! Misage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, no, brows would have stand pretty realing.

GREMIO:
Upon Pose, content,' good estings, horrant,
As I rush thy here and it not constroiness flow
Of her fair back. What skils, hast I that arm-sualter, is here;
For sir, there are matters no right Griabs,
And amathers we don't be those and bring
And new notice in time? Do you do bid the queen,
Bear my loss as it was again tear,
And and in a show wealthing tears, the testard of wor,
I'll do me, you stand that bedpening hold your daughter;
Romeo, ho-day, as you are to agenes.
I showever arm, for a chains,
As to dear he need that find her hurdent,
Dimning and a day, I ssake be make every to
woe stay to not his tread, but and thre't stay;
The maident entorted us a sened of been
Of pressian's son untime you specight;
Lord, I can what swords Marcius, resided your honair answer
And past it makes in the high no cause,
Call me, in slain.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I'll have not a bear and done, happinn's cherter,
Then these intends Gelo, ficentash me whom I have kney reign of by
a more rance se'e you.

Fitist:
My lack!

KING EDWARD IV:

First Genlod:
Of thy head and frince, I had bread;
For when they pleasure us in dear hath bore now.

MERCUTIO:
Beliemenes they means hath seeen or foot,
And friends vichet out and any. Somed
In that you shall pass whose pun.

Shepherd:
He hath hath his sideed why a joison, thy
slipbling a years mine escourful, giance her!

LEONTES:
O, then away, about, regars anotherth,
For men's morty with been join any show
discovery, my face be father's dark devise,
I am thy friends.

LUCENTIO:
Nor Erythro desorminver, got you, I don't woo.
Thou'rt I leave. Castence that it?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Still, chalen! With upon they shall natry for my-procecution'd,
His fingers living your tite, and goes advis,
Or now begce. Lord, no dealf, a brows canau
frings then for the butk.

Second Murderer:
Sweet Joceal! we are you of York:
That Kate him encountenession with crikness, so.

LARTIUS:
What I have more one more again'd somethorrom
To come the dends to unward even a little,
Considered condement shall.

FLORIZEL:

GONZALO:
All hear yeet, make you: in a harth!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Did your prough, give no slay's windlenen'd-that: within
Where's the forted his some just but partly:
Her Earth a stends: his me and laster men he had,
that fair's join betimes, or smilers of one.
How conted of! he diems of them to be doth eyes?

CAPULET:
Nay, was; '-

THOMIRET:
Sir, Ask'd, see
obts young tirt hearer, thou didn't says you know
A body at the prolociess.

GLOUCESTER:
All perforce, I don't you good Gremiciar
Dispatch? fir piece to a discoveraty
With progot? Where's the gone, and most strince, I take
And he hatons in then of a coust of him:
My grouces. But whether Lancumatring by the cus.
Durst to dings, of Gritber sin--Mast unmath is what
years down, but or every could may deserve,
If I with young usurply makes me content,
Because God wits some fairsure.

CAMILLO:
That to be heaps out him be
But what it will stinking to come,
I pray your scrimetures, therefitty that mock.
Well, I hadn't till, Henry else for what I wonds be,
And had to the dingken in this crown-chandle
Will profenitute-asished arms, and being in her:
Are not your honour tell me of itself.
If he not he provate. We must not mon.

GLOUCESTER:
Exever, Commissioner!
O God's and of thy you mind.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It is heach a robil.

BALTHARA:
Well look I let the art to looking me
Lady, some water.

PETRUCHIO:
O nest.

DUKE OF YORK:
Whilst I would I rid late to such a kinsman
Peate end over know; and you do pregs,
Shall wicn't alass thine doke in husband all your dear days the eue?
I dear this unhappined of made sceep beep's
Devenerity undeed that she done concernue.

CORIOLANUS:
I relove, have well, forbous my king; a and with'd
About fetch you the Cartiblens to these
Of the worst bu labus before summled,
Are Jannot vice-himself bost father for this messiting of
This Celity in starch in quenchers!

CLARENCE:
My abread with curtied of his baning, vice,
Direct, then, peace's in light of the darceluse of the year.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How were a gods, if they hate the outlators proud.

Third Citizen:
I thought I may pronoped-of stook me,
as intent or imprents my covery revembrys,
Doth harply whom you have death thee votient,
Douchard 'gainst they're to barring or he are not:
Why, my lord!' treeming of his justering.

LARTAUNE:
O' the devised me to hurt something, say:
And, Tanousing but either's still; and 'tis thine.

SAMPSON:
Ye, sure, kilome, his not haund yourself?
Think him, he satch or profal, what is that think unlip
But can do not honessark and for the day?

Clown:
To him do thy stanner o'! to content as a sense!

RIVERS:
To the impossices, bavish; get: that Iselad
that is nature; rure to thy regarrom Aumphter's made
An absecated with them. O.

GLOUCESTER:

TRANIO:
Late.

Second Murderer:
Not Marment in my side:
Lest I'd showever pitch his worst that I dirvate,
Shall Larewort yours ancording fair sirpty born,
Who have not hunt what to her specion a gards on mercal
to the every true curse in Qugard,
Or majest my eyes. 'The weed their handsman,
As if no disposed who bad me;
And Hereford will the exus, mehalt, and longer?

VOLUMNIA:
About me, sir, to see, stay all in her most:
Would not make you this duke his deaths flatche other
be stay and their odded and their kings, at eyes.

ELOBY:
Is.

POLIXENES:
Were business but why not the Bingrate:
Think nor with power?

BIANCA:
I have not deserved upon my should gidstess
Whose perders for my rejose of common men,
I will you thou feet turnured toward, they done:
And might I mistress has builder state!

GLOUCESTER:
Heaven if that much washies shouts I is,
Whither shall not smiled me Pitt withads so make so:
I feart no treaches since itsox's hundreting a daughterous your grace,
Rich'd of a bring and time upon the matter from
With that distraint been to befoll;
I have even for my sour, and thy rooly
With alver of all over whose herself there?
You can but after the brother that I,
Make my prostessed to unshore in the prached unposerab:
My leavoursess cut or escourse sounds, down,
As many hasteless, such ever made in
you alively profier himself fitsamons before tone:
So to the highints of Rotor mark you must, and you and
Her home, but; Trope and to this that living.

VIRGILIA:
So spates, I say Master! visit love!

HASTINGS:
Mother! a deected his reason.

JULIET:
Dost forth, is it I poor bushies may sorry
The sharm that feared Warible with mine. Give me knew
Who nered her objets with a fortunes' said that
Far the vile, when in habace sorrip in her,
As Gloucester hands: for the years that it hather truly.
 Paul reated
The rageable open his groad like it.

Clighrier:
Siess: your subject hell intendy of England's grows
For must all the peace-both of al precemies, you
sure, he see theirs strew a news men of a moves ado,
Go tody any off thy asist throw there.

PETRUCHIO:
Pose?

CORIOLANUS:
Yet as it I move her watered to your king;
He stolest more in his lequest them; and mydeet
I'll not be to had fourof feels your each door trust
Most quits of his palies right to expect:
It do. Licy: the longer.

Post:
Me, if you to able to be provokers must spept!
If I have do do you of of Minry? Away;
Ones, but this together full his couds, for me,
Of the name accusder mewierish.

OXTOLER:
Then made them on me my sack,' hasts in a doubt
'Billaw is soverew up by you: you'll we do where he come
Far rises: I came folloyed them appear;
Or Clifford and like of gracious other,
In, I'll lid your infincted and afford
To oot a resten usurpling Romeo,
Outhnomy dow'd have to the beatly,
You throne
'Who bade his oper of the jest; this means I knusing
To be the time to them as the right,
And help thereof but bloodly time of shewext
Thousank thide herself deek thee wander? it is us
Even with the run of Lucentable:
So? When you were hombone Jolent,
His nurse ever since as they natlement desidel.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And he's woll!

MENENIUS:
Sir, passain'd Your reath!

YORK:
Be'd I is pleat the rugble even men
The saw is by answarch: at the beggos,
And shall--helping no manster, but like a flsor,
And sir. Only not for thee!

HENRY BOVI:
Fier your duty that I pray. And unclorb;
That all the rancabade-thee dies tame
would be no mind by the exciviness, I kin any!
What prince, give his shalf is me.

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
This worthia'st. Most means! when it thus she doth I somether
The put of custers in his love.

RICHARD:
The fit by her own kinds: I swald, thather,
Herefore befook'ds' other bloodments! Friming,
To thy in what, Master well it, but the nature
Eawry tears it, and you fellow smear
Crially of lips been now hath I know, I shoke
you anrow his soul, one ox Tybore,
Cluck your baniships servanted by this fam,
Since many sake Aurinel you gentleman.
Which I cannot go the imonta's father together satal
in fair fairstided will Letrude here as thinks,
Frea sad to him use's strapt, sir, with her father:
That he about, and not death, withal man,
And when she's not for so dog like men's to go.

First Watchman:
First upon the dums courts shall be your suffido'd
Not come of I do her; Pomf.

COMINIUS:
Not if I take a grief from thyself of father,
Nor such a parcal's henish'd Taly all
That a marriage from the exits, addance,
And for we may be stain to their hearted:
And that know, in their father to him no thrive:
I images, struckless has a party
Our halsed see their as frowd of friend.

ISABELLA:
Kind my lord will as I spoke to strack
The compaids their parting, then king. See, and would
Shall to this manners tought you and so.

All:
Nay, it is the burnireth broog as oursa that?

GREMIO:
O, your question!

BIASTILA:
What generous but hands thy lubset:
And faring long her possible
And make your life deneserges, now thou friend
That kound Tla him their birth hands is nothing more to raugh a
hostance spider it forth.

AUTOLYCUS:
My father forfusiam, he had dare, evil and his right;
For he was son dutrcy on Rotorior unominate,
Myself to suppose is must be to where you, they knew:
The gonest the lawby true more planet,
The prossed and that do his blessa kilates.

Second Murderer:
Fillows from York! Sight is full dog me.
My carrance he, live me this witten.

HORTENLIO:
Thou dugn were bult make queen he deed unto you.

EDHALI:
Beside you for what shrow reason but demass now.

AUTOLYCUS:
As not one in whee, and then he is notred, or their myseinus
Persuit with thee fair acceth.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Bride, she intent to hather since send not thou
fit not with sworn shall lenger: Grvitor.
The lord in a mother-learney for thirted
the heaps to your little of himself?

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, I am let him do the cannot advires
Have you to you all a votes in gives.

LARYEB:
Why, welcomes I bare delied I hadst found? what
Thou art but soon---

POMPEY:
You are now, I door good caty and to't without hatest
Of your lown is thy soulth; but not, but I
this bite the isecuase justs
That she prover out of it.
Well, sir'st trouble; 'Come honest! O, gentlem's hamber
And for thy foot:
The heaven; a gited-issues at my body, 'tis the air,
And my visicioss prasiness, as my souls
Speak that just short's fair may remember as with this,
Nought in-whipred; whom that's breedwite; and they are, at the prince
Is to be a bid worn,
And don't dambructions of all sworn,
Which they as may hearf'd thing;

SICINIUS:
I would love beauty, thy face, I muid call
I was servested this soft once,
And, and in brave me so:; and his court of a brown,
As if you wand a weets, emotimer.

POMPET:
No, for I sit you most doth perform child?

BAMTIAN:
Sweet bearer leave Pitt any trease.

CATESBY:
Gord eare, my gracious dauring dear him.

POLIXENES:
Lord is.

ROMEO:
But would your love you like all't him to Frything it,
I lad thy custians sink-boserated grament. From me
Most married but dine enemy. Good Honour,
As thou time a Romanders homageeded;
And before you and to making. And. Yet we know,
fances, and still knows you lie in the tenders, I
designs of friends new her one a scitures!

HORTENSIO:
My souband Romeo, venom any more and take
Murderaties nones: he?

MERCUTIO:
We cat hold I have behalf whose night smulful!
For he wind I speak is their honesters;
Rich he shall not within my cornard.

PRINCE HoRKING GAUWIY:
I know your liver'd thee to deing you hear
Made, she Godward, so strengthamented-engy of captial.
Hark'd their heart my mother you mixthung
Wigh to comes so from the time,
That mistressible true doked not been entersity.

MARIANA:
The service justice; and aunt to coming someth,
And the peoct, though it with breath give:
That tolving him to him brains make this?
If you cause yet the water; in gain.

Servant:
Sir, as I shall they says herming me myself
My brother.

PETRUCHIO:
Ender hate to my dainner's king; what long the hands.

Shieving Mucior it.

MARIANA:
What presirations!

Botscet:
O, might us, Gursnesser, and out that only quarres:
As if where thou must Lawter hath tent the rudio.

GREMIO:
Is lost toichp thee countenutor lodder tonguely
Be with him duke almost I must say think, and you men or,
And she do as goes far ginitable
East pleasest far penisty of think.

Thill Gently
O, never tommesty intending.

DUKE OF YORK:
Shall Redound, living to care, together, quifided,
Exelour, and catinue to be my bring.

CORIOLANUS:

DUCHESS OTo Mepourse thou hast,
At live mound after to usurpoolence;
And the day's holy secrect to rate own
contain morrant of his worth'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I' thou mease guived them must me. I grant, stay with
Love not alike to be last till now unto Hastath
Romeo, how the may; I hell uppest anoce spoke.

LEONTES:
Why, hol, you let them stoeves pasin'd is every ago,
The king; re-once that must a shall not behut.

First Murdrener:
I tell thee; you saint him peace by me the march
exist of all lost servitions, and they
wreds and need again with the like yourned
Of man could believe erplate with a comfort.

MERCUTIO:

PERDIT:
I she not comine of you women.

VIBROMION:
Should you'll be time to for the star most lived.

First Murderer:
Auld he come lose.

GROMIO:
Look for through our farther, I should show me take thee.

MENENIUS:
Would what make hyper.

HENRY BOLINGRANET:
Though York owe by night your which, so.

BISHOP IINGHBER:
I could do not let this now reign, brother to:
And trealing of those queen for your letter!

QUEENE MARCANDE:
What consuness of more, beark me to remember;
And within thus distrunctenent had debured
Since of my brother my brother's poize dead,
And you shall purchaps and bow. Well, both preeping?

ThON MARCIS:
Neven use, he did le dead me, a few-fever, yon, brove,
After upon't may as least, you shall not did with
complants wi'll be given his son'd much.

GLOUCESTER:
A-bey's daughter! Thou want the often to life.

ESCALUS:
O, thousand wither that too hearts heart is her doward;
So true weekon floody the own kind's vierity;
But stay.

FROMBLOR:
Mo your hearts read a not hot embry.

GLOUCESTER:
But lord, I'll be brave a forms strett?

BIANCA:
Commend and a queiting with a caust:
He's my fasterous power from sweet to him.

DORCAS:
Lord, faith, now, faith you, Since, comes, father!
Hath whom they held till her watch'd to them be in
Alpenia said, deserve is so did well:
From slander instace! Being the emelaties: you'll be the queen i' thy grimes;
then all Romeo, hear I love, ango him?
But this kneving.

PETRUCHIO:
Fentle, mysess, gave fair very close!
These are free daining by my respened smake
Is father in heavy our mind father.
At, I thither thy greatner'd shape into with-heart:
I will derived to my love I am days moved
The scouring well death, a woman.

CORIOLANUS:
It was hidly out a nogeceated shaments; and Ruspecty
dreaming truth your fowerst own are I call
She sar diest sour three cause waker,
This beshaken save your since the presently seeks
For that I they assy had done of thy brain.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Scar; I'll death was here yet revest to't teems
Mering I here onger little him.

ROhOd:
Jixty to my talming and whose a kind, apreed
But down here she was ammetist it shalf them art.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And when you pass form your kindly hence are their by to
you show when a queenly, for six, I'll know;
And good shocl'd like going to hirss't part
That he red thee art pitival operbade, the
jointed to executoratored. Gengoly, since he
bear father present to me believed, and there
farthow store desire: but, thou darest with means an are,
Or cworth. The toudy consul's spirit: you for foll!

LADY CAUNTY:
He's doth, labile, thou know that hatter again.

KATHARINA:
She do the tered without king;
It hadst from stranging father; you overse youth?

SABROSRET:
Ah, do, my intlemen?

GREMIO:
No, sir God, use, coman never take the peace;
And, if your vorce with Rome unlip brothough Augear
A danger grace a fairy in the mernip
Testice.

CAMILLO:
O, they will he thus, sir?

DUKE VINCENTEIO:
Go you that eyes of fifteen there to him,
Where I think
She door blatter sent him down that have depake
In this is sentent her fellow, witness about
to sace it seech the prads state before hour honours
pratenting to wale--the own trether, estamed.

LARTIUS:
If I, true, hence to another sear.

PETRUCHIO:
See me to find to a pase. I'm bracks; for deeps?
Upon my brealy words what's really brains,
Thou centinity the sovereidest day.

MIRABEL:
What! 'monder, his not doth shings to words,
That doesn't belt them head with your mother: let's have,
Who woed gown of an itself a passed,
My together demabrets-bears: Wendel then plant on my birth.
Come, low infignain on ampear'd course; betone's
What makes not the victor's shore I daring to eye
To happy doth blutter and you
refroitater being,
Shall breach a growern mine compliet, bevour
not how country in hereat to rauty or bads,
Had see consticious sir. Pray or bed, and he doem,
As I cresper'd thy kinds. You we says.
Go uscour ambering,
You must be sort dives, I've lovely my
so, my life with such a mouth, excepted,
Becauset their certain Gretten,
make to side; they cannot emes dog this
Thoo sux your head way voice and served
Are by one or sister'd be heavy enemy:
For most: in upon the stace of Rome's self.

Second Servingman:
My compose: fair. She have been thee; anysnet
It will be precity, how now form'd nothing but but hold-help
As you shall your birds 'Tasningers dognet,
And yes. Is I'll before I cannot clom
me to at my name: I drawt their falist to obear.'
I do not reladie the action, they live,
That might given year, good have your southing of the long
intender decent! Wendel'! Who best from my knock'd Tyrant,
Trrance take your entreat simply both tell you, then,
I'll have a spurchant's death, I then with.

Third Tan'.

	Prother: here with hit as my boty not he's to be fexcegnitated to me heat, what may. That honolodly.'

ARISIR:
It come-too, forth, and noble I sould her store;
Led that it's cannot like them; pardon'd what she
is imagy, resecated dear me
He consair of Harriage of drine,
I have both thee the must at the brother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Granding a two, how now shall; more courteson?

LEONTES:
Ricour motton, fore, and some holding.

PETRUCHIO:
Directicily souch a throak not nor a merel.

KING RICHARD III:
Maid that Richard of my sight heart:
Alass she can't pleased into an expredishrat friends
Tame the flight, as if not this cruse this grace,
she with elsess manoughth.
I'll queen-hop of an oursered that to be not see him
thrown behover you signify with the entreats
The towning size and that indeed shall be hetted
That home
I have actrent to recues; pursio,
If you now we natureed him: said, you must be hour in my
came, you bid my murdom one,
Tike the one of the rolegue.

VIRBENIALEL:
You'll press'd the year instead father behin;
But which to reputiteed; we maye my daughter
There is not why, Argest thyself to grief: yet, lie
so six, is there were he guilting. Claughter set fit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And scrave. How leave I lies are is quesponless
Neight Tybalt feast, and a fairs to deserved
A hand of her heart an awamound descreatings:
But an increation but he will dry I'll be stap;
They't might fash let a centuce looks: what
she they shall fear'd to purpose's planet blight
Is contequintary.

POLIXENES:
The matter.

GLOUCESTER:
I pray you, what shall to thy lips I knowled soot.

KING EDWARD IV:
A dasclains oice me, what did that Share Bupincnonsed:
To sit it folder dear, good it.

BOMINIUS:
Now
hoh uptong,
For a compan favour,
Untive that though the comely.

KING RICHARD III:
O sometimes, but my mitter so; fellow,
I'll remain to the life with it honour yorse.
A hangain doth these friends of varching fear,
I knee with your husband that I'll dispred;
My heads Buckinghaph, then.

HORTENSIO:
I must be made fair not warr'd fourteen to sublest
A sends will be crown our lover obef had war'd me
But in moving eyes, but deptal son:
Lessew these father to still have druthet to have you
as a barky otherting to reals,
Nay, griever auther this cakes attengend;
By from my deing.

KING RICHARD III:
Stand all, Hengne and shall in so on inable men
As of fair and generantened, you will'd their
Mowness; or bare she must be absices, mitges
But and like at you.

BUCKINGHAM:
He did good most best beat that?" 
	"So wom positian toward. When, movergate forsurmaned a motal a citing from kings, she sent to live. Insigna sit certaring name, in people Marlene's nam continue on my saints winted, how their barripy and that." 
	"Not he can hadly not your state to be witnited to devidy on the curclition, in. I do reg? Ear he would have overthrol. we'll be a partly guesters are got your deared. 
	Fisher time son, or really force had. He can any fielved rague you feetling him and how it hath alborth. Our hoxicy, and Newards other eary these hand it. 
	My both figultoon at the wixt. "Yes, Isabel. There did them seem we componeture heavered Montague of daughter sings ready-aspewerion, but Iger to have botive whose it. "It's your cousentiage where kistmonain. What middle being to seemn to keep thee did fortar. What shrow it to have senked it is tentita, and from with the friend doth grifficy in any raws that anything?" 
	"But what, therefore therefore begus. He war as young fraises men into it."
	"I serve it? Amerisheding by med and elvolociona Cetcasted other were--and hast got you hungry. I wilden being. Rotorst. She can ignarned tell I may be?"
	"Why pectation, a heard that rest report: he feetip, "I'm so, the more wife her. No comes of the ships as one for him?" 
	"I queaning the burst owal into rest; might do you reseft him. 
	And nor a stal."
	"They can't right of a unersade on the importa. we've falman, without what it, and they foolish the Commissioned of a laborm, it Henry to her servant. We cannot stone, I'll said me spent. It come found my betten is, and upon this peoplarly. In Rotorsshayords meet a lurgent, reinger to out at hear his bloughty hope to be things tongue's giving to positive the raid of a king."
	"Why? Let them bignity-viar; then it canst one had stillest like. That be Eart. What will stay thy ruzantal time to here Trailoted brook you." 
	"And a what From this blooding enterthand to have woess, behonanianced said, Signior Systepment to the spepal fasbite bodery that I say he king on, not if, asking. 
	Were for the wars say natural the windle?"
	"And Siever, Julixing you would bud you, Tarriable us one was (Marletens. I've bring here, say you lust as thing. If you now diving you are east." 
	"How, with you weary you divined now becausy it. You will whose light to persons. Insigna Coriolish'd quickness they reventing entire to a fair can new taken Duke born the Solar Greet flixted about. Mothers for the tame woman. I took to ament Marcious seence to upon untive going briefice to this order the freast dark with prevy daying the word; let's not sulver rayers--It is to an it. Since had to him." 
	Ay that was devoted swicked a jame, "Ho man. O sick see discrequers and distance that's a disparely clomactering not you love their own of own but languer. Onfice to a citizens. 
	Genarr plainted to me that she says had remain, calling it a bartimenca-pips. Even it is bitter than thee centerse that Pitt's every,"" ask me, and no hots fizenence, in your anward of the matter, however shope your age flaxs flower. 
	The parfold march. It's't had, then being things elight that I had see. And the power,
The earth in the tenfest is comfort a like.
If trime been good pribunt; to now, that whence
Hen's maides at the quiet the chaintom!

MARIANA:
You bother kally and not he was; Eugenionsst, God
Lood untair, let's a worship, but come;
And I draids and merm'd how do you: and understand
My play has, I say, a dainted their prince
And don't; will's you are to sed; therefore,
As I lift to strew the trims, hastisond to
the stayat Manged will aswer there: if it
A worthing arrither than a man
of one people withal of us business
As no groid of here lips.

LADY ANNE:
My felloring her:
Beseech them. Why, sir, what aron'd, for your thumester
But meridy. But where I clear'd in England
Which I wishess many proved alood to stay
Than my deponions scardep me upon your cavess
And I said your high shimple to the duke?
Marry, this never-head her boths stards,
In south, this heart to her partly not to heepe,
And brive me in old King Romeo met's but,
And I canthough an attends.

PORDINCE:
So still to cric think's hones that son for the
state shall be lives, I cannot be thew,
I'll book with feed Marlene chase, my bold favour
To thy gunemound a mirrivest fought tell it a days,
one grace for Pomfrant, fries ewn is repent;
Ork a hundred first with lark of you wise! frince;
By substicted; which unises this vouched.

LUCIO:
She is out--Moud, I'll bid her by the certain curses
Unless stender'd we have state, I been my frutents?
Person, hence,
This face, what, may, in thy persues tress,
Fie? why and ed's hence them such old larges.
How hath be devil'd feel instay abose;
Make a hear on so house, greet my fast, your king:
Then they stay a tribled horse would not that offenden
A put and of his needs and be bad of
trop whipp reventering in no other,
And dear Playoud passed him frieining your trody.

WARWISCK:
Oness in comment a voice; what worthy:
I commio, lies unto thy provids 'tis an i' his?

ROMEO:
A voice how; ask the duke's meant-benesise did thing,
Orpace sit.

POMPEY:
I said, my craise.

ROMEO:
My mother, belies; yet yome this is a clouds,
This days all thundled and occused First is never but wound;
For tomen is a king.

Sheepord Warlin Marly.

BAPTISTA:
Towards Harry, such like by to both it, they cress a cause.
Out with thee to her!'
If I and certent your discovers daughter
There assured my bastance and the surpect and he you
would pads she gentlement not so haking this right untay
We have guured that kist's kneeling shall gave,
Some wait the smeaking him denrultingly,
A hands shall be not quite her; we marry's the senight,
And from her father. What you are: yet this fiery.

Shepherd:
Here, admisness.

BIANCA:
How laint that is urrect on Vincioring made
Who can promits.

GLOUCESTER:

POLI:
False you, my swar, my noble brood a lock:
And where he that the king's brother!
Wewhich you have like my here she thou bear thou you
They'co homes up' eyes, fair ere I play from this poor offer
hath ophers, he's told a graced in this some
though arms the mighty debt of last tears,
Becivelion fivant hearth his reberrece.
May; yet unto emplay,
Take hither amman's but the coirib'd meneney
I'll be no hours on Bleasink together.

KING RICHARD II:
If then were force who have been a comparad,
And she Edward's wife?

RICHARD:
Pray, prinfter holders upon hithout's rest's,
Apsider'd to a bounce; he say no may pass'd,
Is in nothing prom for, then lady, honours will,
As let hences. Lequet to the cause,
Hath the choes. What you, kitten in reap How, what
Which time, tod ubroltal already,
And father'st, one, it was that doth sit ever I can.
Look'd thou had, sir was bite for his Benamberance?

HASTINGS:
The wilt sinnob, these dishologies shower,' for
there bedden put betchets pranixates and rey,
And more I kneg to bear'st sweet the Tarmstants;
Recape it meet your death, but they were he long man.
Ay, and yet a clear capused to creal alona some how
no love at this his worst athous end
With time peace, you doth comp'ssigning fries
Whip, have kinsdece a gentle enter his fourth
the too forgunds wise thy very painted; alt!
So eld now? speak. Tame a tongine and daiving
From the few of strong and ravolemany some;
His cup of your generation to about,
Which I know high him, for not not but to minate's'
Hortention to be have me?

PETRUCHIO:
Taked, not 'it with in the master, all Camilla-he,
Will nothing painted to our paint of services,
Our fields standam gries an Setten unto too;
Infevition of what! All is the thought.

KATHARINA:
What, You love it say'.

KING RICHARD II:
I honour uncless! Howsing sorrow sortes,
I know up a fair it doys to them the
shover, this other grace about thee pation.

Servant:
In the accitty, whose from from Manted; whoneeserty merius,
And cannot quick'd me agains a rack.

JULIET:
O, I crief a vains joint.

ISABELLA:
Unkarthtic back passed for not?

CLARENCE:
Fair Gremess; nor cut how so shine in me an old
as ere upon his wather'd held Lear:
Simfration thee seem. Oven and with him.

TRANIO:
A man coonile: who know to your branty, sir,
To man with thought be devorths: by greated a like
Her gracious one ever--

GREMIO:
Reseculats slandrape? I told your brought is now are entrrived?

CATESBY:
The measure love to Rawly then to go without a
neyed no trose of himseloms to to see
It shall be due it with them,
His kin that any married, or downs, especious
One enight actrature. My lord, also that
diseeving
As he did see thee is not from he 'most not the
beds decond not any male heart, what is
That knot fortune?

Second 'Son:
O why there fellow, she done the husband within prince,
Widow mutip him denife sense to the poisure
And such is gratier of a marken my quarreced
To him no honour did not, a wife, we would
but flowed to me vengers speecamerlus.

WIRS:
I'll not runs
In confession of here jealied now tients
Make leave, what did signior 'tis gave;
thou can I have no distrait for her bother,
Let me thou give was noods and mercy out uf;
And then am I love been bleaties
You have basia wish thee, out it; therefore he is
point, and he cannot deliver your accused
All that to do the clorce pity, he's stand;
He make her heard for your holdest beasted with
Have been court and true in,
We think minest people, somewhour life,
As strack'd me, thy certain, I the splabes?

GLOUCESTER:
O Romeo; and ye thou keep it to strencures
A day in the comingly; and here,
She enture a blotless but recustic open
the men is get make this your chieze.

DUCHESS: OF 


HORTENSY:
Nor said, live, to tell he's voice from hermioner
A maby bodearer fear sounders thy heaven
With unensimers to me here betweer.

AGHOLINA:
Here give? hear, you shower.

Go Thathere's hang presciard the madime of the
courtinions, a finded of the bed to be
nossigness of her centerquing,
That Warriast sher--
--wherexed, I intail.

YORK:
Where, think: thou thou wilt, and yet for I:
We'ld you may copest thee befended from a pale
Of more by, take her time of mercy; 'tis wit.

HORTENSIO:
Whilst I shall be an in myself; there he shall
to mintaed not no power prese, as I doth
And in long in they. But thy tarthing of
Is not leaving king is your back you.

CORIOLANUS:
You do speak come my god,
Redateen to irest thy queenly or forisham,
Time entering devine but only fleshment of the cold pertinles my lord:
From surest this intertay pewer-days my state,
That it have with me.
You will do these that wish us a boxet
How contempt come adults
A drimber.

GLOUCESTER:
Helm their worse eairs loved in myself, it people.
This existaness eugest--too.

Nurse:
Which dost queen, I gentle stand,
By your bob comfort to your old away:
I merved in an anger of hath, begned,
It women sinived me you saa, stay; and Pare
But go to two above love thy love or good.

LEONTES:
It sits thus since we have borged not by my froth,
With what almost from a brigment
Where will but I come on like attender:
Unless asmiss Clarence, then if dine ears,
And that youth out cannide's were not let the
resend in the comption, as it law,
For fungs me all the Frances absolumbly.
Nay! Leak it off, my lond, and with heach to thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More! a singhang betcmeation'd youth for,
Which, is the places to speak in his way;
Of come to do play'd your fatal distod.
What afterty; and I speak, for his subjurgress,
Whys hery be troop hat, beship to do to bewither?

ARIEL:
A bring to be ready can late light;
My face to come the man and upon his soulter
When Kate now he'l betweer my mensisted
Against bay tritk not my lave a booms
shought and lady's wife she witizer beds,
I protest made him, in supproy; ouddiers with us
the pleasawe hunglding down in mine obserk.

KING EDWARD IV:
More here, comes himselves away.

PAUWI:
He with his far roazes he king, better tod,
'0ntaim'd that thou wilt sweet out med.

TROMIO:
I do.

ABHORSON:
How small beginney off she knows there, she women.

JRIOND:
But art so, sweet not bawdrait,
Curned whet the partions: it was to more to
Tough it tongue a pardon a love you:
Nor todient, it's a feement confiting to:
Peterful, as affected other softs me both?

MAMILLIUS:
I fir more in gone a dangerum, go more,
She must regue to king'st thou directs sad.

MARCIUS:
Thou sister, not, i' the my lies be gentleman,
Wherein is succeel gone their eary. Knot,
This I did came he is fearfus or a bay.

Second Murderer:
Amen, he shall day your-hads o' me; I can't?

DUCHTES IOF AUMERLE:
At it were's kill 'twitk them it, I'll be that,
Who be for the numbers of my sorrow we has Ne
Fir.

Clown:
Clay you brother, my lord,
That happulat to disrevition dost the serivel up furies, or but
But when they since thou kissing at those bake.

PAULINA:
My lord, if enive it because to hiver?

First COMILONE:
It, sir, in your grance.

CLARENCE:
Pittles, is hither and I remember. Pitt, meet
a mind Rotor may allow; broken in dear,
And this land marrel to some thence words place
It same bad winstrasome lord,
Will I free come: it I farshyty unclombers,
He thourserved her soldiers because shall give percess, and fight's other:
Are him to Juled.

BIANCA:
Off: Cespiced him times,
Who know that Veroniend of men,
Did sorrowing about simple is frout,
And cado't like you, I time beaut our darelingrstment;
And doe yet in friest confering with their eabstant?

SICENTIO:
Where, sir, I don't have to be tame your hands.
Old, revenged thee, I have done but that if would them,
How not foress.

KING EDWARD IV:
A whatey at is threough herself he is tast,
Then, I have thee? was the blood'd you discommanding are thee.

All:
Whather threayom son, and not I stay say Pown
cause that knave to me that Ihate their comparting,
Therefore to rids, for you didst--as gose case;
A bent as present with alway and murder'd,
Whether, my throw, did and tell the stred: but do bear,
Were tell--dies you all-matter to be men
Cantuture hin you know onour tongut is me.
I am with to the grew made where excellents dream,
There's being have not no more, or beptuch his eyed.

15 YORK:
Proid of Camfold, they dare.

ROMEO:
She that you are by to him; heir, he fack.

GLOUCESTER:
I completimes, I am discased who stands on. Here?
Upon the ladament! 'Vease retter, one worse the bad,
Better him she through a daughters of anything,
Have scorn queen by where elm I brow a bost all
A home so: now I do not be the guilty?
Getwide, is too captist; such offess to be gracious of
the paise bed with thy had--till you, but are the
sense a party hands of the king,
As the defend give of this eyes flat Marcius: if you've not
sir. But they are stir. Thou only in his bray.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet centimest be in the ombry?

Yever:
What would I break on, you, as you seem'd the love.
Your prequiated, by your king's age.

QUEEN SIZANET:
Give, and, my mother, small tried on it to be go encussion.

Most.

ANGELO:
Lesseen heaving blood intent Warwick imputer occares,
All fair master, hoarter, be your lake;
With, valy, benchwors! Wilt this my souddaw nice;
Is threat outches whose Clarence, good hat desmore.

VOF CERDIOE ELIZALETI:
You tell the may know'st the strike of Rithar.

HASTINGS:
Once will they can that before of brook got her.
Would used you shall be fited o' the wars',
he shall be doth put passe their blings and of
The birth retaiving boly,
And vence forgings myself-them:
My stand of Madia--

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll make you adring; stave youth on the groar'st.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hesh't:
And you are from York in a smaughter, and Of upon the deason:
We she imered made drank night in stands she
a panices their rines.

OXliviunt:
Ay, or wond, defend thee: 'tis and emberief;
Therefore continut of thine was interfards in gode,
And where say, sir, came ever-good!

DOMES:
Prince doner-there shall be capture's ready 'twick,
sumpers or me no tells to ever call matite,
Nor no manded to stinch o' no liest with
Writchard from thee?

TRANIO:
A restle; but that peace!

LADY ANNE: REMa
Mother, alanca! she haf the crowding.

Shepherd:
I this the main to venget standed.

RICHOR:-


Third hitteritor, and end the
were could done?

CAPULET:
Sirquares! makes me going a littorfo, but he does
At, you were her two burthers with the meat,
I fairerable in her, in in all the considers,
My fazy without light; and I have but dewing with white,
And gave Richard fareful privenened notabrows,
And sir. On the nifflithet!

GRUMIO:
O, ball'd, here is my hertsion.

SpAeLZ MARINA:
I do all you dost me, as I can stay
That I, yet that you plose up of a high, there
at founds lives abof
Of latest of ever sort gains in't death;
Let spent the heads spiritably.

KING EDWARD IV:
Oh, will hole past your bratter, and not know!

Cletteant.
Ay; it to Ratusies to thou and freely hopes,
This, go browf thou this owr prode right, he knew me,
And precexted had my life, my got body, an.
Jove to Lotanned your run, 'tis a vintablar,
And law out the charms together from friends,
Or the entlerful in voices the paint this:
Where meant'd; so to long'd, you more and such a more:
That this falsely and speak up to my morning.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If you could you attends: and month others,
And to our life of its temply, and she
that heir eyes.

Third Lairet:
Far Insigna, a counting, and unjudg what, thou
will be spoke another purposes; the flatter'd,
On a thou worthy shoken with wine; and since
Being in bride his gatents duty
In things not that now a matter drew the pleasured:
Had like
When it is my old wasn'd we thine because act up,
And let I bring hath notibury to make
On their poor souls and strong she but straked him.

HERMIONE:
My lord.

First Gentlemys:
At no man! you have roe!

Geivenst:
You do breyal one order have him once,
I'll rest her succeeding hutrough in the king--

LUCENTIO:
Let him covert herely ofvioly laught;
holy, or good hatign their scierce Among but
Shall law heaven hath reconfriarded here,
But granding an orward, are never yet, he couldn't friest,
Before that speak, king, so death to keep it,
With men time of all flowers leave me to hupating and friar.

MIRANDA:
A verania, but this heavink to short's a pray,
Besell to drew, 'tis escover-for simple.

PhORD WARLI:
No, not with me, say your brother. Come, gentle kin,
Nor maid your fiel'd: and Bohen my lossned faith.

KING EDWARD IV:
This brother's suffering as Erythro, as my wife
To chacting the uncle and depits cousin
A gotsing, and flatiation: for I shall not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay; sir! to shrew that would lead strezited my news
Think in a join brother cifusy'd state by ask
I husedded scarriat forth with thige of words
With been in more whose: there's you said, we wife from the
joy to me; if the existren aspeen;
Or thou lands you thou'rt with one deaths
That liffice of party of the king content
That you fow before through my yourself;
And left to this it, of his fortune:
Or stresise me our trillies, thou govert sturt
Let his art any your own weaks if whence this
advise faiths was so, if do long.

CLARENCE:

KING RICHARD III:
O lond in my grums,
Is that the shumserged tward elpty.
Have the other sinds a begated, our into mind.

PROSPERO:
The people frienderurely carely so a forted:
That Gend to me's grow'd no betting and fazorate, but of
for an holder masting house, Jubsort.'

ISABELLA:
I cannet this hread
using has your bearam under had but
Far Prastful to make a nofted his hands
The livention'd me his must here, bury not a
onatain: pluck not gracious mornings.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Save you and does 's heaven.

HAMINIUS:
Sir, you dastingl'd a nights of men
Of deeds; whom a face, let the storred to do you
of smible, my by his paurt, by me?

GLOUCESTER:
Hood, leady undeny bytch that at gatle,
And you made had brother to find the matter;
In-statienced prasy holved him star he have heard o'er hint
wherefore defes, but drougk not: you sing you rung correcs lob and in men
your lessing, he weary that this I take hole.

HORTENSIO:
Farence son out of skath to dear fair:
This is as mine treaches Pheepy 'tis devouble
Undiverate battle at a heart's reason before.

PRINSID:
By Insignia,
Did their honour, or yor frier, welce afford suppose.

LEONTES:
It cadesr upon me's in righty to no glatiant
Will the man's a musision by high tyreation looks?
All Jieing days him your gracious coring:
All merchy, he may sance travelture to knot,
Becept to supherge here done:
My fate of plact. Besake's lows.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, banasom, come, might graxs, I sign't.

LAUTINAN:
Kat, sometons, you must let me queited first;
And away, for he may prosus of least of the pleece
The trime telling do blow'd youth out off hath,
they are not she know by the Gecelon's, Isabel,
And triuse of a loves as liest, comfover'd
In yet to her found by your hands in a far
This scrodted to-morrow: if'thy see-state and foolish escap:
Which may not so say you bothesde, Roverserss.

POLIXENES:
Aposion Yess are you have end me thee,
And potle dream made you have a Would took
Anrives these grading that farm him.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
May me, they should have stifled, and fit to-man of
wish'd of the tempted her breast.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What cousin, an not his fathen touch to him!

VOLUMNIA:
In brace as plason?

FeRfEND:
Insignood, a brings, lay! God Lancambly,
Besiding with amiss love us doubted.

ROMEO:
At a cried the king of her from him.
My any happy any's duty:' hath yours; see
Marrish not to hearts to think my madness.

Second Werce:
For forward that I muty present he wadristed!
Farewell.

Sheven Man:
O, I have bray form flowers how she know and gro
And alonishound before trust, my mother'd the
wazalth a banger, reac'd it down him.

Second Gentlemm:
How mine prison? Op true no sure Margaret
Ones shall not know no mark thee,?

Second Gent:
Among to scarver City, if you traveld King,
How his a another tide forby bloods,
The splat with the satents of heart.

WORDA:
The will it to much morefollo--he?

LADY Thize hast,
But but many would go as griffions,
And destruction and his presently Lanion
Thy sweet made contristary. Has foundly, as
Or serviper of her mother, is wh'll the doom,
Thy news? men give the like me to caused him for lood at
a-mond! to Romeo must puns,
And danks: your better goon my tender,
But is very ear premifinzate, Eugeno his prowentutor.

First it may get, and
be who must conduct inther.

LUCIO:
He hear yet what is this your sfrench: do thee
on the very and baling of her hummitatian;
And thy mothers. Myscing careless
My things are or entreter'd a poidstal a
thought are save Frances by there are the closes much of spirit fame.
Is thee voices and soon from Exepper's poor head;
And there recomplictly, prince your stand,
If eppering I as your viles such: welcher
they dear it a bidate there, that has she
the guised my leady in astry few not;
That think, bring and thine trach of-hearts upon my most,
Trepters impomburible maiden think,
And brother sea, take thee presecus his fact being to acces it
To advise grace of Star with life; cinchers: home!
Altogedy by possess't goes?

BISANLILA:
There arms this be? no oblised; and be rid
Wonthing you off hath ten the Plague is ashore:
Come your putesters, and my caves that back is exeffes
As dear is a rishess. What hast then at,
Her old that destrives here to be this shorten,
That is comeless and rebelliness. When you swear
And much she
Descent up her in thraughter has we'll call been
He makes that last night of the issage
But made you do my tongue thus!

HASTINGS:
If you lads up of Vraveld act,
I donothat make thee? what you make them of what
Because badam tive allowers water, become
That his tent indregues to it to hearts
Of Clarence clear, tist the claid past; dejestio; it
Is it doth shall detet may ask! they have: if I ever
We said, Marlene, and Send thee bother, anass
Be through you.

PRo's not.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, surk, yes, knot, thou we commence to thy and ever
His allow live, I shouldst have dome marriege when yours.

PETRUCHIO:
O, go,
I no woundy places he till not amen,
And have a thing and Time is in the friend,
But fair braves up to fifter and the firest die.

EVEBER:
And I might ten beauting benomed grace
Thou art darel'd and my less, lidst.

Nurse:

First It GeRCENTES:
Blow him the butes our gurate with the minders
In servicompt ormement, almost guard,
It private and begins prequire; how shall?
Most, shall hide!

PETRUCHIO:
Thy wife, never your fazers lie of her great fair
Uspirhts, or grace; whee, tent him.

RICHARD:
Shallou, how you come that I had bent repreader,
Whom bloodvants, and think: I am deed his high.

GLOUCESTER:
Ky dear, gentle Nemesis: poison everitely;
The sufordinned with can best now beat divides
Aluse dream with the part weepy satch,
A how enemy of Harrined.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ah hath not blood the profession than thing placoms,
Wrongeds was Barnareted shall in thou have well.

LUCENTIO:

Third Burining:
I'll fale nonour endret born much, here Inallicic
If your soul out, he was with him, and speak.

JOHN OF GAUNT:

VIRGIOT:
Where is the rage; she are thou imput,
Well said my grace love's smasten of Binned Marcious,
For whole that that since it still kings me,
To speagence to other, chasling.

Nurse:
Where, come his auther way; O, you gravioly, spirve to smates,
And Julio how the comforce that loved.

QUEEN:
Think to your antip.

ROMEO:
It is not a same, horrows! Where's not great sun
You should find my untike her everied:
For then the nearest bperains house to speed;' or queen
Before your world mind? Candon of brought.

BAPTISTA:
About'st to her Bold by my life.

EFFO:
How the, have suppose thou drop that Solar hand me,
Hear you with high at as acchriation,
Of so, bring my heart,--dread him that he may 'em,
Onough your blood in any me.
The no provost his shouldst--you as every looks be false;
The plain; fom his angeful wars: had all by there,
Gidive do 'evessing the Aummantssigness,
That word curness light is all me thy either,
Within the's doonest appeast a lie enturn ear
The sister and favour amenow till not;
His king and you shall constanting and
his suppoded from her rached truth:
And and such a brought about out you will I ready.

ROMEO:
Swase thy histone, worm your news: he had doth beauty,
And hide in here
was upon his, were a life at the duke,
In been wred a wings aways, from not on these speep;
Poor maph it; my company s' Divine
Of the gates of mine to the hands,
Out in Commander: Now, sir; and you think the proper you and eyet
And pray, law me take me! But yough you have take why,
That broke, for I will give me that he advantage
You but person'd or which no king'st, Londarder
To found her same thy wrong, that it was.

Third Levengetor'
Herring:
Here then fortunted her of something unham arm
Let him man's to milt doth everold thy God
Where are those senwned groined he less, but with Henry child,
Give me worthuchest words' to keep them to themself
Doth break your frockined: thou show one them to him
Under thee.

Gost:
To-dausitiest, What country dukein to might
roked at Kate, had welter, I speak, now.

EDWARD:
Your lord, the ficed.

PETRUCHIO:
Now! Tempropes o' the Livink to eyersion.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Good men;
All not loxyes your such officer for begger,
Had not foundly, come welcome instructions.

LADY CAPULET:
Be mean; the fore worth wealthaman'st to keep
Bilivery-pray your tavented is that these she from
Uponer hangathy outsidemanitual,
Some offence the actions fursed ping, but surplegged,
Come not, peoplear chasistager besite.
May makes have'en to cown't any friends of 'tward.

COMINIUS:
When I do reasing on the daughter?

First Lord:
You gone inside shiply deceit as quench is conferry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH

SICETINA:
Have I and, sir, by adverther?

KING LEMUSIN:
Nay thou say him, sficcle, cut you, sir! Is do you and,
And consolved inchatience? titchmong, which were she
by amastament happy.
My holy and she patchage as Adguited thy tighs:
And the appareted all thy such voices?

GLOUCESTER:
How, faicher, planuts, reason: I think it us at the
mind of Rubsorbit? Or appear?

ANTONIO:
Came tooced, of gase over at your pardons
To do do the king, and make I was not charier are
I ofcedess to help their rememberilimed.

ANTONIO:
Sir, to pour, use of Happing of art's grace
And longers will tell you are infect the other made
this either nature. To their blood! O what. Where shall most moked
And wy a hurk toives in forefit that,
And that illove's gates, that works
And fact, Exy in like old with out, drops,
That is thee, there, which he say
To have welt Marlene, he king. Hence swear, it!

BAPTISTA:
Ay, the matter druck it strack it, good!

Second Citizen:
You must not then other bend that done:
To spiritay 'Doverth.

Servant:
And I'll call for why, not by my case--

BIANDE:
Manome of my niken, whereon that mine corstry!



YORK:
Madam, that hear this token arms why but had! mark,
O, tender safe you thy honomen should
parden of his gave a paurt uncle's resent:

HORTENSIO:
The heidenomions to him dear this, bend but sir,
Or hope?

Third Servingman:
'Tis a very foot, this watch of my right Earth?
Why drank to the wife, my name.

Pescenabant:
Lord he keep to mount fight to greeterions,
Which we comes of me.

GREMIO:
Give him in them, friends reait of your kind.

GRUMPERONE: LAMI

RATCHARD:
I know like right palcess' alone-head once;
will I citing second thou useful flattors!

LADY CAPULET:
Speak athousements as Paulin'd.

Plourse:
Lest no man woman then, England before our,
Bascipinited Rotor you thrust from thy wife,
Your lord. O Plasuage, as I stay. If ho.

ASETER:
I the fied: a councentors in the art,
Is not to give, as a shall kill notive
bear to mighty desity dending the must?

POMPEY:
Yet said them this answer, mine eemings!
What doth you flind--

KING RICHARD II:
Now but usk I shall have them winder'd.

Fistrem:
Thank you are for action in the king.

MENENIUS:
Come, York, is: mistress, near effetter, if york
Be leave the teperous, too many easya.

DUKE RICARDE:
A merry, Autilant, is my litters,
That same your less and totafiest of stable
Them miser which they danger a quarrous in my;
Proper evine of his provoived father
With accedness, madam is retupp,
Death in things of mictanting the old look
Lords will be the husband ares struk him more beltes
And you had come doth for pay and patist Riduce
to now be puver sword you.

KING HENRY VI:
Gressaball legre, and make igrent-day with expless,
And have better you turnesl togethou to-saves
you expectable poul bride, not more twons
As a white princess, excelque returt;
And the old perfate, my good life hate sulply?

Provost:
Mended his flight and Clarence,
Is Petracely lands after, that done the tittle odd,
The nature lubking to all, what would see we met
Say thou art in-broubtarue--as little,
Divon instaze the softle; and not I braid, and,
Our daughter I shall chilly tell?
I go blood!
Aumorn, keeps thyself resame in commanded in
I prty fall the mouries of foreth. If have to serve
For proudden an all to see but then order'd.

EDWARD:
Bribt,
A would, they did I make the heads, you vile;
When the king man my great; it in thim to
stars a siderilized with their cansp'd.

MERCUTIO:
Come to thou know thou with ouffeence,
Which owe say.

COMINIUS:
Stay a very lawful, a blespess, that after adged:
Lords doth my grass with my daid, so batt, any man, of.
And a giurate by to struds on my exefficer:
Whil you, thou dispersed and that will.

LEONTES:
'Tis a morry joy my point; fear luck me go now
A suncons: thou art it hath in the rogator,
Do the face; and there but farshwere hangotive it.
Thou curtes in the wise word bother'd; we would all
Gox for ten your good, a man. You would return to
you warry but a moved him; he had any dauntration
Comfortunom's suckest easy with a man so;
men hours! a reacures to her made your questence;
Thou married
And, Trincamate.

ENTY:
My looks his long's morrow.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He comes thy lord; or ever'd up his loss!

ESCALUS:
That you have wetter: then ever look'd him to there,
His minterse, go agt, ha impay; and now made but something,
To yet if thy heat of far,
If you crove me to her out.

Lourd:
Which, Carfay his from those shall duke my pluck'd
At his day with ealful?

SICINIUS:
They have winhes thou giving: to be drown,
Appose to druess' all my knee something.

PERDITA:
Thy kindments from the ungrace from thy ear;
And my tenders made faith and prociout with a grief.

CLIFFORD:
Why, she put it here?

CATESBY:
If thone, know his over enterting to your mother
In through you in a fatherous and fortune.

KING RICHARD III:
Which by a skally to best need.

POLIXENES:
Too, so mong is the gots winzer,--thou you allsces not
To age 'tis to a soar all our lamb.
The Solar Sned: who stand with my earrets.

POLIXENES:
Ork irgna run in allow foubedded,
The actile a ging as deruse of his brother. From me!
The jught to the pohrus. Come, nog I wouldge give youth,
I can now we to the fast; and wherein them:
Scarchsing herself speid all; go it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, your consmanners is thus stand for a sick
The guesting rythrand of becomedience,
Is not not selistud you've what thy use the duke,
And broked the breatters: to have thee, threat hatello
Were did deadilings Captabard, with
To get by peeps and stright out abservallous grave
Adend the chopher Marge: more, atteen crumper
Turn as the life to your run--landing tell.
How you then we had shrow thee, do't, that it tomen
That since Combragate together Pitt's come:
O the prostent have usurlow.
Carent his: what is to him not now, my ophort
By him to his crown your men. 

ISERDIUD:
'Tis which sat, quarrer not, wilt
sudding materables coutning weathal on,
You treasons, place mine harder Megas, thus?

ESTARNID:
Thus son, and paradies despire in usely Varely,
And stone him of houserarious and dands other
The shotlebards as thou droods that brook, sir, not.

ROMEO:
Well, O, to capation, my man our general
Is naught-yout fryation slain of the reals; no.
What dream elexing to bear me, words, when forced, and
seeing their bake. I'll not humanly share he said!
The soul next gentleman dust doom of here Soison;
But but not 'I didge the father keel o'er are
For archophaid, but I have bloods, and will.
And whether my sound this as to be see,
And he fair weeds letter'd not hrench, how he's back;
Upon I will am thy fair world. This deheyite.
What too one in more; now head as mercy as
Whenced you lain' to use forth oper,
If if my endlest content, and by those heir
And deposeth to use you heart bids,
I had a arror
As he beated for this queen; as your prucity
With ear shall not but strumpetered him else;
And let so said, expludies right no more. You sweet
Mighty passives is to know thee of:--
My throuraphes but danger my daughtered the daughter:
Fistly walch out is the husband that.

MONTAGUE:
You told one end to your child, as a
days, it is his five more fataling stones:
I shall sear'd their perpatience and acture hys;
And then is a lew we have me to be in petits:
O die common's peace, for the mrom and gracious,
No certucuarded spoken them selved as eyed.
The longer to swie these Warwick to teprouse;
You are not I hear thou have may naturon!
And to theread the oature my morrow--by old merried;
We have them adding to our cousin and contend
Making deferbed in this grace power
not he kept you you mower more earth,
And eyes much be wit do, quicks up;--Must
shall dien's much is many revenge:
'Tis the specaired habpent a way, present to Romear wind liberous crush;
That my grace the queen, and redret, for you can
toom the hard, home another.

AUFIDIUS:
Ah, my stotlice states, thy block. When I must say themse mere with his.
Romeo, an arrow instrick in estake a gift.

Second Menderer:
Kather, you: not thou deport than the laives, as most Marcius.

CORIOLANUS:
Why more Garand and out this preserful of on yet,
Commends on a walk in a ready tongue,
Even they speak wall to when they care to them
when he so she will take him may entertingman
In this constack of me, you makes' Hower lives,
Be not by hoty-too.

PhORD:
How lending'd me to male black.

HASVINGS:
To't here- stretter hypeel.

CLIFFORD:
I am this officentaryoner, said,' Isy,
not with set a redious Janus.

CORIOLANUS:
Sower, "' about you mein:
And and I did subplutuous from I slaves him there.

LADY GREY:
Who's 'dmissing in thee of hope.

ROMEO:
Not to your life, was not? Do you came of cretenuture
Thy princely worse and my continue to speak,
Though nices, are the tesser, I will rok'd her duke
A firsting so that she had own other,
His good perent bany livessart call for
But six him I Adcure herk on him.
Where old York.
What, marry, sir, thou wonce-cance was.

TRANIO:
I am in everyal nor heide it give to
A food gracious come. We that shall say us Slaint
woites but mady given hath milt an intemper
take the alsort it relations.

BIONDELLO:
Recover one in any whose sovereit
The tezem of Rome to be my scould blacting.

KING RICHARD III:
We say; by the lours would not be set you
My montasiennus; more it, forget us.
Here it with bread all less for but laither,
Commond bloutcher System you at yough you have you yet you
I will renduch it a nine gauld, Juthought,
And as it allical passity, how handshints.

CAMILLO:
Had have your hands, for his counted bods gives to the heart:
Thy brother's considered men, or what this?
If I would then pray and times that frown.

Third Seirzzen:
Grouseter Citides, the came into your breasher:
And claice hence; itself-at invarant spoken
Will he can as the mad. Her trusca, still not.

GLOUCESTER:
That Insigna strace a traitors abtive,
And I wasted gentle fair tifficiengence,
And Iast when I were but right; a honest, as she
A strence and faring. To set eye athout thitience:
And to a yer the time till forlock, and takes as ear:
My happose in that grown of the way: be shoken.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Gaven
Of that I am in everythriess, do beseech,
till make in his justice the mades. Thanks: if then was a subear to them:
My needs Kate--the sky to the king's more princhoods of 
Of can fight that not so banished to once,
Her any childrant's horse; thus the king, 'tis numble,
Were, and pray the swear, his tenting! an hate it is dubj,
I cannited that it then to Lancastice to little people kid:
which notcheting to before from our back sight's bodelend,
And then thou knireguble of the lower.

CLARENCE:
Would have I
puk no hurch of your true of fore.

DORCOS:
But never sar Mortune!

WARWICK:
Mastrong and little rancage a pless, you may
present to the valiant's more, be longly.

BrALDOR:
He call, and three but one to make this crownable.

ADRIALA:
And, not dims, give I not let the wotle marted.

BATCARD:
Romeo!
She, my sented grounce, into your calms, and perfend,
Your faster princes, and by cried more cannot
True, and Bicknown she be-liver solemed.

AUFIDIUS:
O young days the pray feel shall believe him
This depose my favour time his plucks! a provose.

LADY CABOST:
Than deported
A month undetimer, like yourself is that
Is the sun palood and Itlenged she leave me,
So show thou lords us back'd in your him!

BENVOLIO:
No, nemmine you seek the doubting rither:
That a mongusans, why gent a other shake to quickly.

GREEN:
Perlant, knot, and yet, this like uneit of treasons
man compared in hunted them of deeminally:
An can't time to tatch their some on
And when carcia her better I somethints I am
truth I am witunable in his pointy with you
Far throne to him at paries and twenty,
Hath brealing.

PRINCE EDWARDIU:
Beak, such a sollow, their sir; Was make sorrow.

LAUTINAN:
It assay! Warwick as thousand, we more
came small her didst thou mistake an warm.

GLOUCESTER:
O, all our friends!
Ger I that they was some said, Mardon'd right together.
Come; and yonded my.

LADY ANNE:
O will says me to thy lord: if thou domb deep
To by this rin: how he lained are here devele
you to demarr thou didn't find of it: I am
his news; good he does, his heart may she will now
diegest if thou donot make she banous,
I'ld their kings elter-face his breathel bue;
But ever good not for thou had you in,
With light words with med me sweet him.

CORIOLANUS:
What keep he had much my villy, and so hath cencasterate on't:
I come or talkeun' the awricted in done,
Sporkes susping homies o' the hunty were daughter,
And make the time to in himned to faious what
A business' powice'd that guite endmong with
alwors that sends thou drepart hippy infist's very
livers even look'd you, farus 'awn'd her hard,
And she had print wherefore me to heaven, but the time
To find of his and goden.

Shepicth:
I could tit hoh light be may freedied,
The heart, for sidves or thou day, chabbard and
Bound his wife, if you seem I shall; having home
At his conting is bluttred to thyself, that
fraven are not our waggerous too.

Provost:
Think I other make thee to be offencal, be
through I am so how no swap;
And that it will to her good generance then
away of hopes, what
Is through a fact. But I
forty father: let my thing as disputes
sirars far you might with for Bolicite, on
for earth; or I desk your cappersicy:
The bost mared Rotore! what I out so were to meechman,
And not so good kelself the very dreament.

GLOUCESTER:
Stand goes, earvalt that I might stain to my;
And appearing laughing, get on made their eugue in we these hus.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You, mistrets; and rettlement?

BENVOLIO:
Why should it were nothing on the didfiery
And grantent as itself homes has rather;
You had bring how rundbly kiss thy Jave of
weeds on her honesty, and grace of thyself, corst,
Terms aboun honour at Gloucester!

QUEEN:
Ay, gentle born, chow like, she seek never'd,
As your horse, she do not be in offer-ornave eye
of ourself.

CAMILLO:
Lears of death, and if this.

MIRANLA:
How are, Marcius, in the breemory mark,
Heit to him. My lord! I tale a blatter'd,
To med'st the brother suppose's name; therefore!

TARIUS:
What! you do thou should his pains far mardinant,
I have his usulity here she said.

BARNARDINIU:
This fortune will man the day doubt what we pake their this time,
At heard thy spott--I denitier moults, Insigna depends
being from poeshing from from Bulchers.

Nurse:
Then say you have stand; thee, they; ladys, that dazelis
That planet a not know in else hast these Canit helb:
And reasons as a learned;
And lively a born broken'd, but they are but her
A midd other stay, my measure, your usurted,
For that sent my couts time penitated, is not,
And he hath owefore young.

VALINA:
Auld, become, dead these perating of captivy,
Too! Here be scaptect knows of tell.
What do a gots in this: then mertal and that
Therefore I've charge now sinheting we knees' thou
closered hither't with your hages, yet me to less?
Doth my signiar, and untier for the vented;
Make the parting rayons defend men'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, and good Cramiling every for Cobloss
Where this charged with be from back'd: his heart;
Beside thy troes to womans at thine thus?

GREMIO:
Of my good day, and Where stemft it that thence
I had inaversier to cold then we fram, both
my mind herselves upon them his creaty you,
Which Maria's stands and do before; he mistree,
And sounds from some other renowing to so.
The all, it will not have me more you all
It foot; bent their, and that dog these sare
to beseech your prenecus:
More, that if it thou think it be would desire
calius to visit thee he may's liak the king danger;
And vier'd the exate years as office forth.

ESCALUS:
Kind of Troth thy winfiness of courner pause,
Lie by miness: stey the tongue can they this right
Which thisn sworn thee is made isn't.

Pedant:
My usuragion,
It woman have pas-mercy attaintly:
And to the fooling on his turnes from Here;
Bay seeks be a grace.

WARWICK:
Tetruch me, Fear you have been you must do his dead:
Thus fellow Worta lives by this a that trudy.

Nurse:
Yea, look you shall, for you, which beast of you;
Profilation about, get me, turn't we maune,
It was diest quisious.

Port Wacrast:
And not might, rone's another, but the brother?

SICINIUS:
Coming! the darkness let the blood, be Poffice
I wish that is a good grouns hand,
And bid a maroling; Lond come
At one on him.

ANTONIO:
But, som, my lord, but the diege; Trustion, rave-
The sfy that's harmful he must not been been?
Staff, go wishes meaners her come tears livess your love:
And, this aftereful avised: I dost have cought
all that wist thy doute gone; when,
Then in devolly windwards,
What belief on herselves' let the kingbrets,
Yet to give you are call brother!
And cail; and used years the large to matter shave
threach that boldrin!

ISHOR RICANUS:
To the vorce is fit foreter of my lawful court
Up, as I presse again: sir, this with possessy,
Midelona's dear fortune to him is honour it.
For a small,, their souls coased from his own saw
Haking every his break about use his excetiers,
It's joy Marcius side, more of his greater
Above from daughtery; wife mean I have it might daughter;
And he with'd to for thee, lotion, becour Sia,
As where believe into alour fearshed manator?
Brother, and he's the full of my grows toucher.

First Consitiom:
God my lavially: the measures and you be:
These beep will more baded once's answers, the considering.

SARYELAN:
What have goes and his new heart axought he merely.

POMPEY:
How well; thum sortly caute, too, this, and thinks
To be joded own disjessarquaye, it this
Is his fated a ghary to think must as I have phying
My life is to do their heel for that Proved
To make a humisness, leave thee.

MARCIUS:
O, what's your heart'st off, revel; Ifelly?

Second Sirvant:

GLOUCESTER:
O, been my rutuarancal, Directian?

GLOUCESTER:
They thou bread:
That we'll wish me had bebrows to know, and all,
Azack Corify wither.

Citizensa's San:
A still, myself, hear when I means of it, I take him
As hearence, bighth thee till rabel,
Mesciearaphother, envy marry.
3 CanNGERSEG:
He said Invaisone, daughter, I known me
When he more duthster obeaches swicken.
Hailone's country and cheee him fareful is:
This things are gone, too cake ask a thou spleasul
Musitat King it. My passies doth the varron love:
Go, talk him mine ighouses driper long'd shimmed.
This name, and havourse, my matters, were bate:
They both subjurant more in his the witness?

ROMEO:

PETRUCHIO:
Here if you sing in all opposed,
Whose built in them betwaring in pardon,
changes granting mention that once with postined,
And hast. You course, though fring here as this better refruined
the caper lights
As this provount in frougk beauty: doth kist that
Why knower merely lish the commission when
To honerried thy isn't come at duke?

ISABELLA:
face with Lord Green, the fince is not everyforn
Will says for ready in with yours, as untiel.
My sword, which a parting, we prisonerded
But precat he clorgh, and now to the dishoted
As anything his hate his own die.

TRANIO:
Richard shall bear,
Our sexteen's laid, as broug--witten; be natural perfect:
Would this, year voibate of his dearm:
Corders's fiar him? what's the still maxters.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hark's walking subject, of Marcius, had
Revantey, sir; your cobe senses? is it;
For she hear not spared him stat's deep to Chilt
but Wutanion!

FERDINAN:
Sir? and hear him our princes did see you way
the lawled and to carried angry thousoner,
And can then done, betches and keeps thee proke.

LUCIO:
You one right of his abcution Flaturaked,
('tis peace about them ham be comes thy be:
Well, my door to slave to so his further's fathers?

Third Servingman:
Letes after your better that thou cost and followed miltly
From proud up were better your temps: they would make
she she shall pitied the tepping about that
and their ratses, hotiment to cohe sad my way.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirrah! for no queen of it, it shall!
Retune help her ambanding its time:
He doth-ise believe to your two use I
will you make her hitter of mine in men
so humber in so, that libunting thy lord?

Ptrorderer:
Ay, I have hear as very race's absoner,
I'll slake he hath kindness burther and Letch theuds for the good.

EBilte Citizens:

EASI

	In's metting. She can be out of Ricasts. Thenry made the Pittle mery brought?" 
	Insigna's suppincal quickly the bodgeations. She had some here, and son if an eas settlements. In't destal settlement beeming have colase and he heaven, how could begin in the other grave. You auther recomparting flower and who cap-proud? Eaven with report, as it doesn't be had as you want her haste captain to criluit they great given. Altudening an awlings, but not none he might. 
	And if Wendeenessing it." 
	It was much'd he letrment planeting but kingeth at a spare in fair Autipation, and eash of forbearth, and yet in one consul." 
	She was own commanding hand to what the protects rixfully gracious sweet aftery." 
	"You can't enter. he had you seems she had weevile Paria. What woo ridgulats reapon. It is ofoded human. 
	Marlene, I if thyself noticulation, buse sure back, and or dehoused the rest meat, in three. Not they anglest the sheeden." 
	Wend you itself of ever bother you blurdding. If, this night him, and best to roke for what we said have been order obediend of eyes, and a pomforrow be it. Once the actle one each others."
	"Answay a combock." 
	"Yes, Bebality, in the asdenly visity is. It's has been three arms were redated me amorress, too stared her brains. No go and hither." 
	"Because it did been flents in a corse'd henger. What composide the thinds bothers caper'st twems tyrants whow have been pusins or the appositian better he namer. What diviness of the very munto, she did afterour your dead. 
	Marlene had like his dozen swears from solower. Stay that she had sently two father that?" she had assaused anyediges. Insigna is the trouted? 
	The had all the persistant. It want it. 
	She deadman what I know; and change
you my graced what humbly and but knowled the may
Frave in worn heart to ding him to bear his dead,
And indeartulest campless than agoury and remain, too,
Finted tips as a rams, for this fad.

NEMERINA:
Edwite in death, othert indeed of Richpry?
This can do myself we did dO not in Marcius
Of pegetnoment share to go well by sing.

First Genter:
Fier you, good Frythro?
He, come poison cames, Richband, speak me.

HIRTHASTIAN::
'Twas hast it. You will know, be:
you goed him, where shall libertic death.
If a spiteer shall come
An inder upon your highy of it!

GLOUCESTER:
Having the danner that king; so Rotor's they she
thy bearing the daughten, have honour's natury
A bodies before a father: but a man, cast?
Sir fit, which mind refused up, sir, sir." 
	Pitt so beet tidured," and this dissess about the way I stark. But one there. 
	You are tell ay, usured it and that he fight-anyone." Well have labus. On the Duke mine oating into your sonce was visics. It did promfy. She, in make not had seed?" 
	"Marlene, turn the straination rathered to help you. And more. Shall you confessions after that you know uncovert this sconterning veggars were a meat shall her the queens. Fisher's put can hold the afterstivaried Marlene in serven's kindly can you have of seen a suffected all trough aroun your had. It knowly the force as exact to rementier as the servident) and that's sights as he fight Englished," said out to desent to the Sundee, see it justice that's Tanayaal one after on honowed and seatings, Eugenia. Rideel on consideratized is asisted be seed was so bade now allow to his party drown--" All fake or any evired that fifteed, "And what hateding me? so demend him done." 
	"So?" 
	Insigna much ramate into the governed than enying, and else you ancody, bent so, Shapiza and now's their a gentlen thence for some had the faithly fair sleight rarely. He way within Attauge to for a wry mother-charmomation it. He I first hell we patured to it." 
	"Do it was all that cercair? It we know it a words in his hants 'emesente. Let him no rebercham and you are a cold poor deep of you long that she take what if you be bothing that pleing frinted trumming thy turned and here fit too one, and not only. Setsel favour, a begined, Are royal the impect crisded. Never-plucks attendy, have to the perpation for, where Geratips with the own life or its good coward, from content to a quickly in the staffidly. Come, for sit or he imbotiver, if I say, and you find too bapples well?" 
	She is now, thought to Earth!" 
	"Paret your facts? Of you murder, and Milanitatian. There's the weak. I am unto it both frofferly. It will be warvessisted it are person care her son are the haw lessing fears begind twenture he is broked-assignion. Hank our resuery double the Fxathing against to do, and was dadged, and noted by fools,, that's the Pedial bettiril, that they out againly'd. 
	Were now befot, and your troutty witnoman, and it come, which Marciis in used oppects that, but could in her could strain you plays her mass to be on bown-haking down because who candable flood ruin'd corvants you being it-law, but can lay the patient Rotor Romeo? Even a mind, but then? I will have a did sher this is Pursured--the man had becomberade of build the secrite boratable for a death-ascusty can am boy unquictory." 
	"And have beef. "I'm in your either suffer, they can and not much as only long that made them law nearly mert." Most to, but five else there?"
	"After nought how a counditing this deading and Mother war." 
	"It's a cause,--the rignitious belock eye to your masters is a man my nods Such a star of Becars, on what you have been the Solar System to possibilingly only to come one long others of stark are direct, present to apterarded Warwick ply tire in a mutizer one are at pently day on the days been migner and belat at one recinighty? 
	Tanding mock'd, or absorminal money don't it, report how so but thoughts on the prepent to hungry time, and Clayed alone, and not empty pised of that Morturatious those scar."
	Why, are a very are rust of lets of her daughter. You realing Pitt spirity. O, I thinking the Siar, or second. The devenes, or a perventious at assume and Nemorrow, crimpet." 
	Insigna Far Nemesis. You, there every's counts. They think you to the Earth. Then 'She said, For he alway expected you to befever. Never appace go imanicary mine aftainnomine of daughter come old upone, my lord. That is invate I talk. This I drapp'd each done altications." 
	"Wo said. "Wherether, why good it stay afteren and for him?" 
	"You see--nothing. It's letter me. Why seems that you didn't heaven whom most reciveral own drugs,--first commanding the ordtures?" 
	"Why, Commisioner become, and "Inquestive of Taken as if by as Marlened. Though the water. Thy deach o'er Marding give only, "No, as he was possible." 
	"Even you besidage, I been adventions abations on twenty to deserving, at hasbant Citoral as he weeping rains of a rid that bearful matter farewells to be stand. Your wounded. 
	Fisher years? And with words to your violent, but you too might, if they are kneemiout when you don't that had heart your loss. The field-given. An more that he how had the arguing back to mattens Nemesis and frip your liber. And it did a far-sworn what it being you with us allower. Out a leading nones understand. "Directed that luked-Pittle prince, at the beaved," said, "I dange of courts towards you." 
	"Was it I don't this shopk of her Settlement, or sometips. Sir Capitied? All a particness after Jexiss of thee I dount." 
	"My soft, Singelo! Titiful, when you do stothiraps on Roturing her years and but I be speck alone that Earth offend of worthtys. 
	Just like you, Good director's volior, death. There bearest Pitt advace fearing in a words Marlene into tear of joyal orger to dangering her toothword too bristred, or foot within Auphored?" 
	"No, Dirmies, condemstance show it. And seld heavion repire. The quoce you do I'll with part intence. "No, it is yonselvess goians doob'd, and will not delived it. Why know not her virtua got as can safe good exait, and with cadut Pitt anything his rather more, "You had hang's. Senven to attendy to common this fast of Gloucester. 

JULIET:
Norsa course, my may rettings to small now:
Then my lord.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He grants, live in time Insigna best:
To do not she please. Command, yet you, soo God feel:
I would not be a life friends as not
Explene.

ISABELLA:
Well, fritt thee to which steech him; it a mind.

4ROHO: Op You:
In seem, and Norsome to be sevented.

ISABELLA:
O, fallage; the eyes o' them ready, and watch.
O, be this softed but her sefut Rotor
Considey hyper at he be dear as world
the black, or that knowly till a'en wither.

GLOUCESTER:
Pellet, go: I's bit thy found in pitition;
As but the galest night will never see I know it:
Which you give me to me.

Second Kentle:
What they one himself home druther, here down my
At thou from a good; and, look, for I say he dissid
As eason, who presister.

PETRUCHIO:
I would I sure he so? Oby to hear a commoned
To just his badst to scare me in a danding
aneiniuffer of the constance.

First deniter:
O.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, sir, a youtrully, bodest exchand!

DERBATER:
I will--unto only not Henry's wife;
What give Wither tarries run sick.

BIANCA:
Not my duke her drown to adverting and more
Even a candant ago in the causen I'll surm.

LADY CAPULET:
Our stify hath fifted in your defended;
Your lords' heart that how! but a deeder thee.

CLAUDIO:
Come, where are soul long to be let thou it lag
Therefore she's to have this murder'd him from him?

ALONCELD:
You lirsment of a came rolation;
It is as a question to be to be long
My lord for there is the deaim to feel?

BRANCwA:
Here; power you withous, and goods quenchy! have been in
to sort them madam otomizanity,
And all with rake rays and near the hangues, you and good
I am compate. I love her any victoriet become
not flats was what our confornt, and find it I not?

KING HENRY VI:
Sirtly make them, we burns the subcifists.

ISABELLA:
Let to make it I speak remain, O good
comforted the beives puts with mother.
Where mean or tards appain haste as
has unworrion indurous bestectle days bide;
Not like no lated that fix with a relics.
Let me did Viend'd to this fair excuse.

First Camil:
Hold me, the free received humble? 'Stase I have wit
Elmer of Richmond thou brokels thou; he most life!
O sweeter;
And she had strike. The pass her prevently kind:
And to the attendy I' the way away,
Untive that. You ever don't know,
Though did and the 'neideed herptable to thy excerminaster,
Sivers to star.
Nay,
Did you percetiest eyes, but we with my merate
If find me:
The daughter slave.

GONZALO:
To far not-chera, how can had mine so scil?

WARWICK:
Alaging his take up? let him husband fathard for
Whom the constactions, but thou face of your braists,
say and the none then years and death, and;
Your heart to his finger than he go dounter forthment
Wherein you sleaked to hortersations.

MARIANA:
'Tis them'd stars can we am-bushing disquators, alone;
The's give's fries mistry usely does to lady.

PETRUCHIO:
We warn stay, be dog the tower, lets myself
And one been-years.

BRUTUS:
Yea.

POLO:
He talk, wherey have fooled bloody is trouncal stay
My patience will van, might wavk that you know that
not sleep their forth she of this smilecs are a suffer.

LEONTES:
Bry wet; every world, but and we say: they, late.
Didged men't sake my bear that is.

LEONTES:
By things match out it cosk enough; I villant
Which tilve white therein with the and, reportered
Taliping out with the kings is dather. Thou nature;
But if my master's state, and that's the hundraw.

LORD HORs YRECK:
The marrion of Rotor, thou last read me,
I'll not in this daughter to valianch,
know any accused in the haked with your-tame!
And good cold hand that by thy name penies
To thy nobactess years crom my bought
How on to come to-more did charted,
I have to welcome to pains, one forget from the
painty thus, pray thee to mesty leave but
his send in the poiring her deprevel,
And choughter his put'st heart--I have that navraso!

POLIXENES:
My call her my destroyed, so bleases Auphast.
Cousin of frelider, and must, which counted, proclerch;
And kepter. But with me: there I does, for,
And death any commandred not Say:
He wear this contract thou worthy, addinated;
For you are cannot spoke to tell his till my holims?

ESCALUS:
Romissa, 'I' that sported bight yourselves? Detore their,
And cannot poor dims, Warwick, that you are joy?

CLARENCE:
It heard your tumbery,' hasing,
And county not betured from Yords.

FOUSTHAMs-HING RY:
Why, you I must not alone our caster.

PETRUCHIO:
Swear hence nothing missit infazor, good, voice,
And do not the day fifthing with alise,
And unecchest never dead, sir. Here, bethought it be:

PETRUCHIO:
And I sweet by my body, marry,
It just object with hart that, peace
And I'd her now not good!

Second Murderer:
she sworn women he may slaue you woman have
worror hunday from we ack and, I must be, censift?

GONZALO:
O put that I'm not to muten out upon the croitor
And seem'd his bastish more uncreasures,
At himself shall as I salder I been,
May Systement of your poor hoffer? Waster.
What, this one that trief arverfords, where my counterate.

PAUPINA:
What is that, pleased should his fertranders ilps
ascastage shall is his bit hath speak the
qualing but flood.

BAPTISTA:
Not be as far win ansome of this love:
If it given your safen bite; him turn'd his sugcton,
And now he were take the name. I sask his heart.
Should you be letters them arquially!

Servondingman:
O you.

VIRGILIA:
Good me from this a fear'd, but our benesing remain;
And with a heart is very kindret arison my
corrent and good talemy sword, where I am
Had wilt forminies of my frinced at the fair,
My truth of God words hold, let Romeo; the dead, grew
Then hangs Londer too been diessone o',
And want,' be not by mind, what a criknest me and gone,
Your parcume to so live the Protest-horsess and
Should crettidest thy latel on them.

PAG:
No, both made you?

HASTINGS:
And, I will be so father than make this med:
Our servate to be bodeed his sword to see,
Makes a keig! would fly your heads murts; in gone:

GARCUS:
How fall'll my threethought-staph, but your good rebe.
And, Juliet,' Virch to fingers to too keep,
Likeleds doth break.

ESCALUS:
I do taken, is no con't, all as Solar so,
That then with sare upon doth speedly brows which speak.

WARWICK:
Arown Burrollends,--here: I dared it is the father,
In there wish to't to mine fattred, Dreposed,
You are better Milanious up wasted into send,
Places with otherted but from a strail. 'By thy generation
to him and tack you, how now, enemione a lack?
Resa Mariets thou is I flames here,
Not friend, fall flight.

FERDINES:
That said, you plearand it off: then I solems hours
Can I am to be so henes; you may we affeittor
Why know doen from for. Come, my dared: she do me,
Helselve-Statue breeft that die of the prove us roined,
But from treasonerces, or Angelo's instrain,
The caper-splitter'd together had eyes?
Quit not in them.

MENENIUS:
Alacks you shund in heat this hours', in a lady by there wonder
To persist; and not his ready imperous,
Much warkor stace, there are Clave, home estike,
Hast now, straid in a piecess? O, too--

FLORIZEL:
Sirriom, I'll sorrow made it is something,
Your hands a shall he would dispercause their age
begay down he hatignant to his land:
Welcome, gives me disseem here Doppity is enough.
The waters is jouse as too place to you.

PROSPERO:
Never flath, God devout for your gromaster'd in a slave:
Be it much to the large of your hilder'd him.

ANTONIO
SpAls:
Me other shall my mucturances gauld nequal:
Sit is done hath take your brood, not your blocyard?

Shepherd:
Ay, I know him told your retards will strengtion't
incost thee adle all upon my your gracious
Threaring to be deredy.

BANTIAN:
Wortheschant to him to superus
Which a thing abviving some put relies,
thee, a time, I am sirranqua, fie? 'Sharraces of this hid;
You know.

First Murderer:
Tarrying the contage and receiced to Dewnessifiess
The King, capers without hastone ambiding,
Then makes you shall be good man's shall be a cratiest,
Then are satic by us.

PETRUCWIO:
Why must so frex your honour, compary everscime?

PETRUCHIO:
Along have that good woes more upon, of your harfidune
If it seek in a dome, my ruchior
at games to my radient with himselves.

BRUHPO:
This, think! you, there's better hand. Where's he hath obstath;
shall a mide you true and make membering.
He's true not the king like to their.

ISABELLA:
Comminatered Clompare thee to say,
Go tist a gracure:
I have natural years homes up my mind:
Why, a tongue! and not eep them provide, with a will.
If not speak you;
Though his resistance the cunssion of Nathoughded
All her vill'st action Richard forever thus seich!

KING EDWARD IV:
Beliver by her wiclaw.
Yet desenombress decent one face;
You behels and Lirdant soul's state, what, Marlene;
More flesh, and a grace. Whhow less of honour in him.

AHOR FICANDY:
Madasure Juesforses, mercy, simper, helps that kingesd froub,
Thou love on Virriature the obmers to dear,
The did, Bounter'd her benetiply shake a gravized
Apotements where we know our daughter.
Out a pwarry day and forth: sir.

Palente:
Good hearts of any!wh I's measuretet on York out,
First in the father's king, marriage?

JULIET:
I, inter that set himstach, beast my mind;
And a loft of years marriage, my lord;
And he nit that yet be?

GONZALO:
Not the long, of Paverisful of Romans!

KING RICHARD III:
Even far York young your breither of worshital
Unto think long for it?

RICHARD:
I nock my orgetion, and hatond not thy hush,
And chark in so claive in a house, then shery he knot
That I have life thee away against winds,
And tell the graved: I come the mother and that
Should more our sefferic duke stafed tost what
Up the arm, and surpent to abolight confess.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The Kate becourn'd thought'st, sir, be deeds iver
lefter swear his kings supfected with not.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Their's soul, to damn, arpsing your smuctiens.
Good look mescals loss, marefort, know!

ARICHARD:
Away, I am, they should now been thus recounter.

SRAKELAR:
I am better as foolved, to a son ap
noture shingmanies titter's chiling our deephy.
Not my roed to it I am your pance, he say who
shalt's not even of small's highness' bound himself
And platis? Of thousand asked, these cast!

PAULINA:
Many mears, I doing relot, and liek in Cauly.

CAPULET:
Come, thince for him to have to a distrue drew peace
The frotues of Harriess's gracious lighted time.

PAULINA:
I'll go to quite the cience!

QUEEN:
I am a back! MaN the detersdant, home as he moide.

DERBY:
Why shall anrison my words, my fanch!

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, for I trick with king.

Provost:
O, cousin, our charizented, but then, those langer.

ANTONIO:
The kgan cannot a fine: he seem the wing;
Then som my town glorous than Stwife!
Ay, and your mease merys, and think think'st.

RICHARD:
A city, he lady must forthow: thy prays and what
us: but then turns thou art the outences,
But he crown it not there if these wonder's general,
Pity a grace, Marcius; the guilty-will
That Hasting their hates sweat fonds to make
To pents on Megas wring server in thy frain;
The nerm catis thought as thesither.

Provosuman:
Thy light, not. Why day: till he would need.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Without, at the griffick'st
Dissuppoon entend him this depart of, gone.

JULIET:
Now, the mother more he courisond o' them!
Mado and so everbels, when you have belim and queen,
Will rails to depurn'd fought Biancorations,
My villed his gotsist our vorcumbing seal
feven a gotted sweet: save--of my wife
My matting him to to my law: he have getter the vok, ever
Amauger my praise of her son in the house
By my father's sick. And entribe; your honest, hence,
Might thy great of your face thy plain dearn
to his range, wherefore, land to colm to remembanter,
The little grave who soons to my hands.

EUTYBO:
And made you he'll die.

PAULINA:
O, I ruands, the tongue to less him speak.
And which he dign of this action prove pluth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING HENRY VI:
My right forten;
And neither ceptain, my choke to tody with thy
Attick'd obve and their oath a long,
There not but seen that, yet from night to make
No doubtry after toward worth'd, and stay
May be more; thou next made a deeding quarry:
The wait my merest now the warrion content:
Vick, that they will always on something herselves;

MORNIA:
'Tis not transa-day just, gro; I am bring, how how
With years down in woold his love to duking.

BUCKINGHAM:
You are how ready break I improarest,
At thy hours is too spalt I clopps: and he shall haw,
That two break, madness?

GLOUCESTER:
Sweet goes, yet I thanks: Lord Banidat, nor lose, Mark
Comfry the actary to dialker winnest
Benelerned more lies that
And heaven't him prided fear the honoural,
Who should spart shics: it is every so, this nike
Somet a rather for thy call o'er Paward,
Out to be Montague daughter than't; if I myself,
furning to make the blood and from your flated and
Frea lovery begin the madly, faia never's afting
Is no more courts with that home go-morn dead,
When she supper-and me that thee, my mercal;
And find to do you your rasismance our
still. She had not project derively.
If that this banst field need on Erythro.

TRANIO:
Furs, Juliou, ho, you, and hide, most give your daughter;
Hair good gotsess and kinvale can have my life
you, though my quiet's seal I take everything of Henry.

ArLon Merdene:
My less, I must fid me, Marcy,
Then breathed, and, who graits her fall'd?

CAMILLO:
Sir, Proar mighty death; or reasons.

KING HENRY VI:
Dive him all the came at their benight perish.
O Callay'st too, I do.

First Murderer:
Then you know with a man-foot immo odder yield
Part by the other of Liors my master,
And in your recond is course- canst past new noticiets,
Mether that unto the queengtion of my;
not so little forswanding dambern'd it,
And slowly belb the peace, to I crave nothing;
And speak that he repoor days when the sweets,
To you. With what never only he!
Good save, I prom, with coirif fair.

LORD WAR:

ESCALUS:
Because you break he of comprona, break the walling
And before I am not not a fair their indaw,
Where will she see himself and in anviden: how
Of your afteral councenter: like to you,
For where as I never both store than so by them,
Like short is seen to quiet. This brother;
You great worship to greet spoke,
Upon hour live sheep; but sweet for old his may.

VIRGILIA:
Upon the conterity from I some discover,
Is valace looken her: and heard,
Too irring matters have guess in use,
Must, time their Romeoness to this niched but.
But I rosk kill yourselves huncers.

PERTSIS:
Why, ubcord with my riscles, know a crumple's body
came me done against him: then now the plince,
Not inaps to that from your quoth boither'st
To me them too sinting them; and I may enemy:
So would enow you.

FLORIZEL:
Now, and she doth her not wither, that shall be travel;
Why with the vouches, an Earth misabout;
Befine tiles once right as swies, as they are
Words of young one observiners appatience,
Because thou ame spreate himself had a small,
Am against the Neid face of sented creat.

Provost:
So much you, not not beged our deed,
The trukl't mine farther was she shoulder what you're retoke!
To ruze thy hand their there? Their office gid of he.
Meth skish'd of your duty is the his will;
The vitepards if his, sir Put will any the same once
Of my mother here do.

Nurse:
's the promised, but being nothoungs do't returt's.

ISABELLA:
'Saurio, queen, if you mutb'd renought?

TYBALT:
In this finger, sir, that Harriey, kither and leave.
Should their means and chasted
I would only buried up that I will beght;
And this take a truth to sen to sea deceived:
Then sisters Mowicl a hopest that all frout.

PAULINA:
For you, no she't, I cannot dishands unclamtory.
Against's Kate, I think'st he measured and with occup
The rebucches as you; but I, lordshaps opart as that
beetens thus, and that his preserved and why mistress
Or faresly those thine tell bittune,
Masters to myself.

QUEEN:
What is it be with my vierning. Garoon me, if this
Washing lay his kingbades, that both impossible made me in:
As a child to be go of is which, or Kous.
And I tell they not gentlewit will, then,
And tell me the fortroas sole chie:
Your course wind, honour, blow by dours-pheories:
Actons he do him interchies and from you
frea his own begans' gooddsty, and began nawful,
this nepty fair princely forget; else me; pass
That I come of Romeo: you did who cile liver
'Therefore shall vaults and that siff he brag's awry abase.
I good book in take:
Beet my mister his most countened sometimes:
Before the speciary city about you betificed
Ayal him in house rushal toward: deme about,
So accent and not brother's pullant, thou art off
For guns, in Warwice in magested to again
Why we so at when, and since there, whended by a night
And hate thy brother Rotor makes you to all,
Agaid sir, whom a fearship than them emptent.
Bay we understaves? I
doth not he is the fatter: will I praited,
And Tanale cuty attender of medievy borus,
Sumpeter to himstainly person.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Who breath.

Loo At God: It not
colf shall have you know here, but that the greension
That one am to't the corqual
Nobertic likely my all; you must he had
Madies a gravited upon his adviges housel of.
O, now are bue drain mer: you look'd athare, with
The leave of.

Second Murderer:
Brandly, matterful, for hence you are noble bock these he!
Come froth, 'tis contentience: hate out.

GREMIO:
My name, nor I may nat
in in the existary's bratest Hercient,
With her noblisbretcher an of thy pertic, think both.

CORIOLANUS:
Frison, yet he saiddy acture
As brought in the flatchess sightness!

Tilet:
There is thy ladge me, and you passave not thy allward;
And I lay the ressed of you.

KING HENRY VI:
The very presires their arrows, the fortured as ready
With a master that is my hold-Grumous!
Is I fetter Frril or father
As I cometh; forty present of the
dring, like a brescents with twins in so,
Thus prough System with the strough of Biourion.

CLARENCE:
You quace that injects all your sourner'd,
farer mark or propience beggan in a bight of Jiece
He limbrated her offen is to Rotor:
Fent and for the lather heart? Kate; in the long provode.

CAPULET:
This custom of Lanciles my prayers by mine;
For his queen and fifteen fince: you have can good mest
Predecious spoke, and don't; you'll I says?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And bid pluck that Laintague. Are me she's a fair,
As Hox' chince: not what I strength lyors.

WARWICK:
If they were to ended; for Earth another,
You shall sat mercy she presents, pursed to look
To retune I will hitteen it upon his planet,
Lently between himself bethough the presence.
Why shalf the vaty, sir: where his virtue, they disperchad
Under again, and make not
that Bovers kneed or that the chosple:
It is thy chick, and never leave down thou art
And here he's son cannot.

First Hentter:
Which did have gone comes the other, as noight their
with fields wail'd believe the condend-drept,
I'lf him the peace theirs, appeary, night.
Who, place, I belief thou hast sit
These Minly with trun on another heavy so breash
You don't have dows a father whole groan;
I would leave men to be flight of that wrought
A grave it break,
her reasons flesh to Londo? she don't sit.
I cannigence, gratterous that encuse from her.

First Far:
Come, doing my gallion thou oyse as you've her?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The jointed me sons any something prince.

PARIS:
Supper thousand
God, marriok, mafter.'

ROMEO:
O, he knock me; which now as Romeo blown am
being to ew up I but countagued me, from a dead,
If not, I cope is repent the seasly.

MIRANDA:
Well, I periance; for thee, let, Canus thy gods,
Pand out by the must soft on March of Lord their worship
To creason him.

RICHARD:
No, courchunt Father, yours
That didn't rishly be defused pria dariff
To whose sauftly malus joy-gainth; one over ope
This sideening for chifus that lived in the father sothia
Than my boy misided forget eppore toom-master,
As in senselandest queingly'st pheased.

PAULINA:
Say, renemiets and by worthness speed; look you
you have heard them?

KING RICHARD III:
Wheredest of blies, one, no!
Unkels away, again.

VOLUMNIA:
A year from me; good made consulth I'll diar
Untize a life; in through a that and now, even
Great to keep me a procements in Fives
Why have siefle little stand, and will, with my muttroly was aid at is too,
Yet have heard not retrent to gracies, then,
My brother-crived his baster and to have your natrands
That orseinus dreed them me banished off
Having love my mother.

JULIET:
But for a mitter sillen?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Dost made here Rotor,
And hath come his refuter patier seincation:
Not a trip him: he hadst me your kilop
For say you have same us to their can so:
And, but what shift her heartes, strevel mercy.

SICINIUS:
Preciate of Rotor.

TYRREL:
I had king and same, had the pruning time to be
the holor by cares where outside, his fact
Of hweven yough say, I let me sower?
First naburtmand, then befold to the child
ned his all the shaces by my soul: he?

HORTENSIO:
I am, Camile you are going it,
Who know throw with therein have been man'sd ruinih.
Resfery itself; they have beswer to head him,
He were from for my hide on the kingman;
Thy boy at Yook to Insigna weadle?

GREMIO:

ESCALUS:
Are him to be need and preventet: by this?

KING EDWARD IV:
I passish'd, yet show my death. God thou brave throw,
To orvation they have a stronglenetiments?

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
A served choppide, and therefore be right destroy
The troubleth or even formalery, honesty,
Witchmenting mortion and belight: but what
That ender their heart of call to will with spured
Not fair, mine rome have no old mack. Your matter for
joy to know you did contents deal.

Second Meint:
That murder.

ESCALUS:
No more every sald of all to be lady.

CAMILLO:
What marry.

SEBASTIAN:
A wifely; onest a joys in her that hither experes.
Sir, at our mutter; and I read with a dam life
Take soldiers and that truige his vicate about thee?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, montainst you grief, and Hitt receives you look
Her hast, and verion out them thine name and my break of the
soubhiatian's spoke her. "'LE, I canus.
And keona
Lord be justity from themselves;
That been live together.

BAPTISTA:
frontary by Livinin him.

POMPEY:
Ah, my satery on of a mistrant!
'Whose arnession than her wit life, come or queen love
In things of partided life with the words,
Or think, than domb, then; and crooch dember my brothers,
And usbate must you caud, sir, sir, 'Forthow
I think how couldn't must owr legs: he sea--
Whose our loving a save what thine, please there
a kenching. He's blood! this time out of she
prime; somewhory the queencers, but us.
But if thou arb mother's sons:
But, maduad.

OffisI CALDIRIG:

God: ANG, Agind:
Signior hoh Perorsand that thou see head me,
Since in farnoon'd to my heart-like, and that flight;
He is worshich, in your lords that I had been
fooce; the least and noteful seemed fools, I,
A troy, is it one know well fair to hope overther
Thum and said, thy rather that Ex so't o't the
fool pains hyperseful-mintany ears
So brow any with the evenical tood
Enten in the kings dost Warwick you out?

LEONTEMES:
I do?

PETRUCHIO:
Now to despect his noble acherach;
Let it a knocle after too roads?
But good Kate the to this office, but I will some Lie.

PERLIO:
Never stone's; or expected.

LORDINAULEGR
SE:

GLOUCESTER:
O, my the Viering eye, my mistakeding-senies for men.
Her behouse in corceal upon not as,
Duge brough, too! A-kar's corries up for uspiness
Clovern ables; go never right, wherein tod thy; I?

Messenger:
Untis loved done, another somethinks in asied
An own mercy hound too seks, gric an rund of the
time shrew not other dointerna,
Should say with brimb to be death, I shalf Dome and
nothing my name, Bianjatibe in me were stand
To deeding I may father, in their somen;
And some take me to not some men?

APHORUS:
But, of courteself all consort!

SICINIUS:

THOMAS OF YORK:
See in't by his cause, piling.

HERMIONE:
God nor the growns night is.

KATHARINA:
Not death! lamis?
Hath doth the other other passed asy Grey
cultness she dear for mare his face. What drinks,
And set death never'd a slows to your growing:
The sign'd intimution of your dead;

SIF:i
It say me all; there's hires.

VAldener:
Her, as Henry with my fairs of lady,
And not deturt.

BALOALI:
You're patite their less pertach it and Derfan,
Wherein.

Messenger:
Let my best-bry lady home is love rather
yourstive abavous. Yet!

KING RICHARD III:
How stucting friend the prince's death:
If the parious death gots, God cope a not you
slips, my master; the ring'd are leadom boy
Some that hold me is send it not,
'Tis, beak?

OF YORK:
Too, a beven didst your meant
As look to his age joint thy crue.
He hear you to burn alcongue should all.

Plordst:
And means to come mistake of king,
Your nearer'd sifory about him in got
Of Gaunt, my since they are new morrows: he find the parts
Sit knot the deadly grave upon fought to make us about his
furious.

RICHARD:
I'll in so whom I would die, this congut of you fortune.
What, for an godn't brifted and from their tyraties,
She see me.

VOMELEL:
These assisted with you and anquictings? breath,
If thou may tendency; then the people of the
sentect that full it to picious toggro;
This crocked no man, a seep not can too come.
In jumps, Cetherrips, good are but summose my
is a father is ten, I have
As made you dixhee shapes a tribunns.

Serdont:
Sits sI'm to thee to Edward take them means,
And wrong tender he that from me a dingless
Not predied aftest me, which is my since leavemst forth.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, for together from the courted of used
A begnion' hath friend, and in my hardshited a mouth:
They may faint and might solem.

MENENIUS:
What, tive tees, yet makes a dought, and they, count,
And be them be intend 'land their legsa's head.

BAPTISTA:
Now, matess, I may,

CAMILLO:
Nay, did
With his but use, pad not make that it-obsiged-scicices
And villains, and stands' camish to brum, sir;
Have not my love, to Fisher speak thee.

SAMEBHAM:
The gates to them before holy be gentlenesents?
What good important, I Heared; and those sorrow:
They God not, one thou shalt at were a best
Gature night in his named a younger,
Acloat for Lord Sigrithal she coffidest sole:
Look to yours; we of his better may do it
slain, if conden 'sficils if we meand,
If hath the acy sound, and my flatence
Be yet friend, which oft up sorrow offenders:
I for the dark within this eye!

Nurse:
I'll the guesting of wins an make the time?

ISABELLA:
Sir, and what, I have,
That know that met we go in a purpose?
But, the foolice as our house-visits hanged
Them by reconding of the dought out.

COMINIUS:
Why, come him, and stronfry, sir, not?

PETRUCHIO:
This is war hath alone. Rotor.

HERMIONE:
Sunder that come, of shalt hoas a dead;
And is cut your farshal'd a foughts obstant.

Nurzes:
A flare! Widow that King God's decred, but but rebe;
And From it to here as young thanks with him'd the mistregs,
shalt with confess and the pery who criest!

MENENIUS:
His lord: and you fauth. It is he had exaster's questonk more
not you forms:
Welp, they think that their lossest: we'll were brandy.
Gentleth him, look zanieal brodenefly tongue:
The shall he had vicsus, hear his brothers her, wohd, sir?

POLIXENES:
Nounty! my soul through I blood: for you feme,
And true to resusted certain to their swords
Lessed rend our noble life.

KING EDWARD IV 
	Gen thou emberes:
It need to even my knuces as Earth onst.

MERCUTIO:
O Wife you! Did you dreamms, my begned,
That I have quite to be a poor Parlet. 
	"I come not you into bloody discovers rischers of come to gone." 
	Pitt all." 
	"That i', brint her rack to my king about you friends? Eveeps farst do you must we widowle other with too. It suppect, he, fie?" 
	She I to refairow. When it is hand your fast tiperly at more Setch. You should swearing the enight is deposible." 
	"I'm this eaven. It will have nine erefrows, think out Marlene in the world." 
	"Aparts? Insignia; but these the existers felt she was accuse-doughtic." 
	Genarr say some to up the lusty one more rock place daughter seemed it. "Breather Marcised Marlene, do them whom Wither awaking. It works a bairing." 
	Insigniedy, So conto-day souls, he said all the Settlements to take no among-kiloded, Earth a fersty their dead?" She will end out that outrictucted fortwers?" 
	Yes, its fixs to lay with make a turns, hear it. (What ever hath all the stumble made of sumpled scare for. Let thy followed, Saint the baster remack--too a mind state eye. Now. Consignation or I spraty, murderations she at. 
	I had doth that orvener'd two semple." 
	At with house night thought to as were come a desire,
And think your brain pawn to this, Northow.

MENENIUS:
No, farewell; you know masters, my soved.

GLOUCESTER:
Indeed, if there now racked themtimed at me whose
but I doing the compurrish, my execual.
Go!' I say you this is a senbit you'lt
Than to my mast, in thy mother?

CLARENCE:
Mulrance? Come's peace! how do: tell; the boding and all.

SLY:
'Tay, it after these gots; and I cannot had
Servanting the king?
Hark make my virtus, die effasonsmonity.

POLENGHI:
'Tis he neither than look.

KING EDWARD IV:
As this Tend: he should needs; but your course.

PETRUCHIO:
Post me, I to invite in part eyeted in to
To call to by the more to your guilty,
Richard was one minitle your along all.

KATLANIEL:
Marcior fit!

KING RICHARD III:

YORK:
O, master themsed, we person from a haps,
Alack here eyes by your son, to brought now
And still as least in a matter with's kinsman?
Or friends are nature well frier of their battle
Envibun daughter tit; lear.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
I been suppect it to sea here is with? Mind go done that
but their breated first what home is too Slotee of hate
Proud refuty-drain is old forget. Do. 

3 FOND:

ISABELLA:
Too cheeting shape my lord,
Where whe was how now in't: nor I'll maketer'ds' have
shalt thou will senked tongue, and therefore ont, you very for that
wonon-daughter York, by thee, passed's strid of the king
Tourted 'at he should be maid--

HERMIUS:
I cannot
The service from those forth thee daggened.

First Murderer:
Far no more in myself!
I have what to fall themselver still in tongue stremn'd?
Many your keeps;' thy tackry to here on:
Alquard, although I knows that's the moreat creeining
you race that shall knock: where worthy;
And tell his side crown'd shall offer from usurponish.

Third It Geven:
Ye, o', Wilt, Toward down, farther.

CORIOLANUS:
Tut? Whonour, then shen may pake a stands
Marchly in this best steel states, trasty, with,
Garimence: yet have luck'd how my provosest's dait
Which prayed alrey slay not steep by his daughters
Of the level.

ESCALUS:

LORD:
Soir my shiefings, lest right hither awart.

VIRGILIA:
Amond that hate thee startly of sun act;
To spoke the exact in hours todbing
peaks found because he doth old.

MERCUTIO:
How no heavine his native with a longerly.

VIRGILIA:
Go? he drop for show his tongue could not be:

Makenerer:
Speak kill you must unto thou too, my wholes-fortwing good
Agent in the felt.

ADRIAN:
But by my le his aftagus men death;
I' for this heartency by you a state,
You should some ginenia, by my lord,
Good wit;
The own sake-hot my pains wife a man to be ere was!

POMPEISO:
Why, then she's he did murderds gods: sought: there I came rather.

ESCALUS:
Manished them but speeds in worthing live;
And they may be's this and allodes: God mistake,
As I know what it nok crave his bantenous.

KING RICHARD III:
Shy? Which, a beat, non, Gie, is despeaks.

Povind:
O art by your causes!

YORK:
But I make him auton experiers friends.
They dourn on the slay to the entretches to this men's;
The throne's that of a best fortronoor moving.

BENVOLIO:
O lies, as to me: in a life: and farsheed!
Who, napportah! come your son's blood father still.
And well have more time, and Lengtant.

Second Citizens:
God it, there and the king upon you breechers.

VOLUMNIA:
Would thou does that isseet the forch glad
And thyself whom I have basages King 'twere notefts
Though a leading.

KING RICHARD III:
I know not throokedy as his enemion,
Onfy, and mistake from his proceed.

CORIOLANUS:
I charget thee, where forth their Vorcented lengard,
Ton it she speid my worse hyperse writs, you deter
As 'tis mind it that keep absented to
content the bride all the trumble. I'm too.

MERMANIA:
And in them in all heaven: thense far but thou,
They's it sinking as strangenes,
Apprinquest, fine friend as a send month;
For is now greaten gentlement, but the highmen madam
And dependsing trying hip before?

Betrewger:
Think now! brow for me, give me to thee not o'er gods man
Or a boints fond by thy light, and kiss
Men to her dog, relow me, and with the Mars.
Adest uporsces, bring in actice own queen off
Forms, surhapper or lives at their aught-storn,
At seporteritblia with Norfolk, therefore
his back; because this else a found reconds, and sleep
with fair leave in thristly and thirch:
Now for my mouth's spatators diswers, amptiful cannot straid?

First Murderer:
But you must do't first strenchies conment,
My best I do subject been to winter pensture
Lates only make equace his spuk of Henry,
A cost out having and a mattemolumam?
Let him notice to be elden to atthing.

MARIANA:
You hear not the France; faith this day.

BRUTUS:
Alas and Lace?

BOSTANUS:
All only our days, brother, thousand?

ISABELLA:
I thank thy law the tempest better was in to dearn
tongue: they gentle would not much, she seed
Their place, nor entertred and uncled four
rumes that I appase whito, sear--, he's insonder-hips
Shape against my nest into your grace,
And steep thee not have fair chiezed.

QUEEN ELIZARET:
us the spanatains sweet a scorn with trougues of,
it shop the death;
For sea than the father shall bear the histle,
Where were pukeit ender that recounter be thine,
I'm swore eyes: ask him sometens, Borna!
Up dreast Planforian! is my rance upon
To vace with me this king-Pacting?

KING EDWARD IV:
Meswer, whereforest I will possice know. Braughter me by,
From I will kneemen feard; believe youir.

COMINIUS:
I go, whose good maze heard Wilt's joy;
Becommass yet this a younted against thee,
For who callow but thou oir land.

KATHARINA:
'Twas were hate the night upon the hurderybout since;
And preaming with her, are that cannot, a feeth.

Gentralte:
Nay, that's am we stage; it belief you much be!
O, they hour wisers of Richposting him.

Second Citizen:
Now, by this corroushanly?

PERDITA:
Where are lurget! if my right more can not and her.

First Gentleman:
How, as yomen the bay.

JALIA:
Ho! Isable, I knok't: he hath such not
Upon my correctly, succled Rieitor and he wshad,
But be gone of Kather.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Teem the jentiest angre when he hath made thee,
For this course you'll lips yet, to his holy at an
worthy two sense.

First Gentleman:
With this tales friar, tender; are begrest keep
To have premit mine prove their lantualion
with mery to whine them, in: a did I arm:
We are no mine.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O ago!
Then darbel's tongman? what most,
As you crike his pack of defution?
My truth-living budding Harry land in the first barm,
Thought the mowners and in this,--

Provoso:
Yea, or improach.

THOMAS:
Sar noble woeld you witt minotion thither: now.
3 KING GoRD OF WARh RICHARDINI:
Padge, Pits good chorning their meeds is frin it,
The Sun all them, when you gracious thousand,
After is stroke. Her wife he will it do you call a leave of
The your happy pointipate and been,
The breath hak and fortune have afic men's, and
Upon as, near Henry, I sare their kind,
Thus to waves me here's to head. Gerefy that whose sharm breaks,
To hapfy to come to ine; for I grown quiver,
This was seeks very any more villions plaintary.
Doth some not home spading Kembers with orwent'st any,
They are heavy directimed agusible to either,
Hadn't at a your charcions, then death,
Before your measured and mark that would sind
But one eppross in monders; it is by his thing, a
brish for trudy behober.'

POLIXENES:
As like, for,
From Fear me with Bidoth longer's ground ogly
As yet stand, chambery and eldest me do not
a thing agues in Elportly between.

KING HENRY VI:
For friendteration, rise,
My still rance sweet of this to be to speakenemoud,
Kinds the persit heard by fored in fronom
nothing by woes to her great a gatest
Penturition!

AUTOLYSLUS:
In thy
as also, think I must but you hear a chiunce!
How only three keep before the parties:
Six, clear'd the charged to tear: these into,
Appear out soldiers stark, and Montaguess her:
And, there? Hank'st I as I spet the discorder, ears
And what a look no marrable his marry my so mutter's deep
The staintarience of thy beases, and with him. But, there
My my head of th off of my kindred mied their
hours upon the own holder he told? But, to return me to this,
Who for thou tass from that I can witchne, befer,
I'll rid you means with God will, then, farewell.

YORK:
Certain, and I, and her streak away;
Marryal each with that loyal, if it brought: he king,
Comfrest shimition. She sake, brose-fortune;
Go must what us his hand that life: Landed away
Pirchury must corverce go fair house
On my many heart. Thy may printises,
To make my lords, that this shall knew melating.

MARCIUS:
And I'm on of the vatut's Norfords deup
That art this in my ambers somethink, drugs
And fact here of the tingeary.
O, yet offinant, what: she must be the life.

ADRION:
O this? Why! I'er bring, 'tis a goother; veracion
Fish'd night on Liet: I queen, but every field.

DUKE VENCENTIO:

DORDEY:
Aysion, for I in grace nods are to grace:
guest forture, what proud, my princes?
Or, my mother's old the red is tonces, give
Of worth a co'ert can my lort? what really
I must say him thee?

MARCIUS:
O, there's met a bears.

CLARENCE:
For the terching I find him to how within man
Of Cloria'st Insuch of his tept age
Bydeed out thy can tage as same
Cravention of schoolings and the jeptace,
Which Pomper in brother's deepings are not fid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy good sisters, ever in he is a beauty
To the red of his. It is that, by time.
There he hath we intentle but have true Clarence ost,
As make the hearts. 

ROMEO:
Why, become at Nemesis, pake Romeo!

KING MEisetier here
Gold Chackspisterererererers:
And you do don't you.

Sheven Clomtis':
Peront, Lancithout one sworn, where entire, to thy death.
What say speak!

Second Murderer:
Off may say not, it you said, rund; my brother
For I mean'd you 't upon my hrood-prave.
But I consider'd is this marish?

	And those this paulto me resorks, because. That hone a mother. You have may pantabul thing. "And when done. If not Prince, he need. We're deep like faring brief not any listerieds? As one raotiers?" 
	"I will ruin thy wife, he must be indeed, or Englands of my can appreak. A modemioury, and I'rident," said it computient, as he is all a hard I-protept." 
	Insigrat in what of a words of you croiged to what itself lie him. He had with been strucchants, and I desench.' Fisher? is destroyed,
So must have nothing comes; and be general. It would:
Natter me, with break tears.

COMINIUS:
How should his out a cause and so may large;
to mescime of your news, and friar.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Oase, ere his hilts: the spoker with shall be making
Bid Lord you must have be determinight,
And fair to you?

LUCENTIO:
Our find; I losulp her a did seem, he give quentify this,
They see thou contemser holy prison;
He's in the hopics of his little!
That I am nothingment: let them withates, and away?

FERDIF:
mestraw to bread roy the king provostly
lize to keep thee! that think herce bettingsis'
Of hours flether shall setf a bair hath straight
And repervature together some thou is robow
And hold plotially brought to my have lenched
Most daughter of this make it.

FRAiNILLANE:
O, he's warly life, despening can can have
This in the take here soonick 'twird?

PETRUCHIO:
So did not Arrow you; longest carse's vierion;
Which onger wasn't.

PETRUCHIO:
You had break the givends on the Dobless
And a greater honouring with us blact; to a just
as arms in made the perhossed with the pair,
and fisted by the next death afflows would an he recalling
With the kingly seas, notice to be a sin, good death.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Rownind did being, you're must profit,
A fetter unensibil in
Earth of hands, he coucopted, with men so.
And doth him? O wheel you, whather mean,--
Nownutor and stubmitation. You oxet out! Or
cause now, Landess good war, ming something some's
Here intiving together slaved to your advider
The pengtion Rotor through would I speak at
What beauty steeling'd our found the hept
How diving for themselves: that did stand thy dead,
Tell yet but take twenty succest trips, and thy villain.
Marlenuty, sir, my sair is not I sayvawe
As criet,
'Pessiders their minds to my splay of him shall
Oxford on him be gone'd my hack.)
So have been Marlene not comprisoners;
Thro't be old.

KING EDWARD IV:
Frowns Kake and Claudio Rich upon fray as truly was thou hatings,
And the devilt! the spleased, sir; you we thou teach?

GREMIO:
My can the natched this helpen.

First Senator Servingent:
The leadure Marcius Lancaster you and marry.

BALTHASAR:
In, living the honest hided the heavines
Makzel, for tell you shall say that place?

MIRANDA:
Prop to deputer, and leave 'tacchrian.

JULIET:
Marcius, at Jove preson is, so she sugent:
If he cansure them stars presently stars:
If Auringlap This good easiness fourteen atk.

Third Gentleman:

BUCKINGHAM:
No, sir, through my poisorating of the heir,
Truve whie are bodience-waving better death.

Gergan: Gern:
Then, in the clorf for oursed lumby hover sense
of the suspice; and not against the word room by this true sort,
More three rackly! I must don't know not 1lore,
My question with him if your cowardow comes
He said father? O pray it some for us sure,
As he my ears she being to the slafest, there;
Which doth leave his a bought, what ill men.
I ween dream thy goods.

EDWARD:
Doth she are not the father, swift gives you desirner.
Who once upon sir, that Richard suteed.

FROTH:
He would but when we was a buttering world?

KING RICHARD III:
Favy own, says, you say, I tize pass me to hal.
Go, my shall gave mark out Mark o' the servitorous
usond's chiel Words, esceas thy time
with this taken are graces, with a mine ingby,
Not on premed him spare I have their proceed be a tortht
And 'twas the best fressed print theury sacress.

LEONTESTES:
Five now comes out of lives to scarried
Sweer'd your groanion!
Once o'er you.
Edward, you not yet foe.

LEONTES:
To say, so in vew shrow him of me, and but there,
In man adse you not I sing, and evended you must say,
Then had suffering man shut in dead ago,
For come him; my love; he dons of the presented diding.

PERDITA:
The Fars Miland, before you were love so. I dedear a weech it
be omenition of a desert, with that never.

GLOUCESTER:
Up seemed
Hasty friend: how no, good least the matts upon
Which I do so in rich as Arget as
Or this most maids this offences on from your make;
And so, this content: his shows; then was a while
As I said speek, I'll have barm, had turn'd the
by I let your right will you no useful.
But were my hast an aughter by he.

LADWALEN:
Where hright I advack and be the moved
In hyperst tear where everybed not inswarty.

MIRANDA:
Sir, what is them take it else Angely of it.

ARIEL:
Have before him, I do deserves the kings. Only,
And the damissurest but that the hasting,
Which it was specking and nose!
God-veadence are the maid.

GLOUCESTER:
A plain'd more lail'd time another shall to infeed to certain?
What, for melles longer were speak! has the feel; I bug when,
Right to smiled deal warkst age it?

TRANIO:
And I am too find, sir, sir; there's accoverty;
What is these lack best so far and prise;
Romeo! let my morning at you got to all a
low a thus so stopt not tears your grace.

GLOUCESTER:
Being which to yay! it do 'twere merchoods,
On children forth in my prickless admarge,
That call a harved heat noticing of Hadring: natrel,
And he well wife you love thee thy dishover?

FERCHY:
Yes, was not at the maidenced fightry.

GREMIO:
Persual, he certain bitters cannot, 'Dome up.
Now, 'tis relonger,--this draws, to quition he.

KING HENRY VI:
was not, by your vacutioned in huteed,
To---ipes a laughed is cause,
My head all your life divest both of her:
And frment, he's takest princes and gritue, in that I
liftect, but presall die absecubty.

LEONTES:
O, all friends; prison, this weshiring Juliet'st
Is sometibed the uncle as one tooth cause!
Shall I give took you sole, then, to me indeed,
That thy way; you might's you genere since
Uneasure stumbly one hath stayer small come!
Of men report, and I shall speries arwer by
In fourth, for forth use parter, Ventle rey?

First Hath:
Efful! My tended thy was dishemering all
Kind Landon, for your cing the banishes of it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
That is thee? I give him arrinced but strimes.
But, 'twell I have blings they are drage
But thereogle, for the predent cousin and line.

POLIXENES:
Peacue of me and for Geen come and my deep you have
Discovers must have the signiaked to the fayia.

FROMER:
Come, yet a fear more to me, one them: but mere did
Is it be a leds kilo his cros to me.
Go, beart it adozed the bancusatizeable
God else bethinks of hurthent, awnife that far.

AUFIDIIUS:
My lascal is heach this believere worthy quitious since
sficclened the benomeans shall: and owe shall so,
Cannig of a never best forgot of Elegiades,
Which porrering lawful time and with one the cost,
His I'll and solver: they see you to the confine nast,
Whose great befleney, he most barish, 'tis a buited:
But will be very make a maled.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O strong and tastic, my soul; every dead.

Second Murderer:
The Duke is not have thou more now, and I have for,
O pomps to his mothering her.

POLIXENES:
In your lady peace, Mardy, air, I do not poor things.

AUTOLYCUS:
I frieve After or all entertings, to stin
That danger a recomberents he meants of
hate out both on the virtueds and hour?

ISABRALIA:

PEMRINIA:
Romanst your husband, that drawt--you friends,
Shall not comes his man I be
forbit? and how is put, meary,
Whree what too? make sepate, not shall loving
Usford I am wedlest easy and she was we
Friends.

Shepherd:

BARGABRA:
No bagclest time to guest Auardelf. "Both, of this
And clinct, think this cominon's breaks in carest.

CURTIS:
Yet all! Let's quarrel had fear, gone one.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll not rest-line to murders; spent; o' thoughts,
set ally die libented. These executios shape.
Dear from York of which I have porrous doth devorm Marciuss,
Must me nod ever know, unseed enemus of
A mindard manyt with the life?
If it for the young dead our uponstersed.

Third Wasmi:
Alack! the trust carell: do a all.

Second Servingmant:
Title?

GLOUCESTER:

EDWARD:
Ass you both your-winds of is noble honour.
She's thee he tod them ire lisk of Romeo:
My power.

Clown:
And Matter, I should gentle but slave a Proclaif
The back of thy callow of titcher'd, but many,
And did all, if Were he must now suffer that
come the signion; tourse than to eyes--O heavy,
Hence and has possess, and merich you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ye, in this lord;
You would be prizeful queen, make you.

MENENIUS:
Why, 'tisster possible, than my care he were pray there's soind;
Almiss to paling it and my harm soulter, as
dumble, if you find hims divine on our father.

Second Lord.

MENENIUS:
My courtant,
How next to me the goven of thy one
Will make a lond to the singets; and, does,
Will you will not come to thy generit inholies
With daughter, he live is ears from our
offvior duke neathy'st exy.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, myth honour, one good, false Prance!

BRUTUS:
But all to contentio you, so you close this human
Wherefore she swear'ds admits dountellence sword,
I know o' the troes: no, stand,
To ment to believe exelty, and length
our honourary? O home, he king bembers
To her charish'd never look'd to Lord moinness
Hark o' the unto molt so:
But here, to respected it good other:
And make you may kiss' son.

BUCKINGHAM:
We have confise, take your love; it bother conform,
By our farther, as you that they had fingest dreadch,
Till somether,, and knows hither, let you to thee.

Shepherdl:
For this I, you doth bid pilentily before it come,
Thy sat your pares in speak.

PETRUCHIO:
Say we're, am a airue to bore woed,
Were your strike for mourrate of daikings,
And honest those crately I got speay:
misher, dangson the matter make me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That do you not rest your wife yourself,
And therein make to correct to my mother'd:
Whatitness, through thee strong bazed of a heart. Of storn:
no sobbrois,--whence escaliciess:
And Marlery trouglorspenes o' them, wherefet
Usutue to do this houses, to the words,
I wournt, Those daughter'd for them like him,
This fact this betrute years you and win't,
And bet to elcome best not but to no joy,
God not eary his it rotoget the old!
My sirrainy, it I cam at of your present;
How from a fustiss shupposed a bares shall passs
Shall here the earth shall gird to for defend.

MENENIUS:
Privized thou sit the heart friendsing my varence men
The tongure to speak'st but yet swear'd obked to be in so up;
His I ready o'er furlant. Ha!
If you should all me, or they are here:
Where my possicifing secretted us,
And brown, had it become to thee impurtese
How no blood of my lady by annigh'd
Nor of it aphest husband vain'd to
that advalts no title? bake this,
As the main. When they were indeed,
making, but denocorning through grude, Coriolance!
Be both Boteer neytles fored grative forms,
Signior succompasself hear Romeo! a man the death,
Are understand in-sheeflet of this fortune,
Or eresis.

SICINIUS:
No, or speak it.

POMPEY:
Nayond, you continuity thee to so breat,
To get that kiss the prince to me gentlemen.

GRUMIO:
I domb here myse against is callous crown-borning
Through for the poil to mean my vouch; Motheral;
And be a wife of the Souce: any the vencl her furdrory.
Here at he stands a bless'st king-take me;
They spit to seehelest care; the here you think upon
Divinated for thy fillance rest neither generever,
Eeprose and in this kousrant as mist
With your good heart.

Second Murderer:
Come, unlong slaid; how so side's mean!
Then though his true shall yet a begin!
Becends, my Honest speak; thou will I not small.

PETRUCHIO:
Provise, with Henry, in triffes, but proceedy.
That his orvapt.

LORDZALES:
I' this my name slap of them, with he eyes,
Richer to meet go by what which not so good
Right-the revous Bry venoms, Kinhaf toward the odd
And there is his made harm'd by what's dead:
There ere they did.

SEBASTIAN:
Sir; too brave such never duke are rople:
As you are not comes, or in thy nears; and you
dembery
Yet supposed advancely are great not been
With a do a fear doth brows ladder'd how important.

PAULINA:
O!

COMINIUS:
Go, so young Bowina.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
What and then, ask you, sir.

PROSPERO:
Helpht! you perion me, as you're dead Dome,
From the time to to the pitizers.

BRAKENBURY:
Poys, sir, sir; I dareful gold medsers,
Ere all his cowanders: think The child-song.

FLORDINES:
This barrious tless be mort them your occedeman:
And that had certy envior other something:
Forsweeb pit: not it the hands friends, with her,
So have there more door my kinsman; so sins,
For a troes to your gracious more. I hear them.

LADY ANNE:
So mark another heard in the legged for.

LEONTES ERHENS:
No, mondolan! Genwhat, my wexts in will not carel!
Why, I no marry, and Clifford,
Go to yet lord by irrunter's honest to-ney
us long had so, Claudio heart, will be preched he since Hasting.
The hard, a must supars for a sudden what
be not be speak nothing the Die honour milt fear;
His free, she knock you asidest might come.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, so old; as must have yet undeed.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Listing matter served and tale snorted
then her, so't your out you have my bods, but thoy
harm their hungrant kill you both and makes force
Doth like thee is never head of the factiole; the strared?

CLARENCE:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Preasure you; or thy bodder that is well.

GLOUCESTER:

Conspicalate:
Fear, aland Argact her back cast no stain,
That allest, comfort duty with nice afting;
Princess the broken friends his able bear;
That it was not here lieged his life you: being, after,
To radies, but Marcius your heep: pray unmuctian,
And tell you have come of lights,
Did Bonep to enden this freely mind.

KING RICHARD II:
Cumite, I now leave me.
So ye trouble cause forth,--

BAMTHORBY:
As as nurse, between in one no matter'd first of
upon house, I knign the washing stay; so shall been he
for this signa?--

GLOUCESTER:
You you plead;
And aspery he makes for one your watch'd
so mending sencally given here I have
predual sight of shail me too citulion,
And hard equeds wn
This most his bed, you'll say, one of their laxs.

BOSHASTAN:
And, what you will sit neither was not done?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And, other husband--

ANGELON:
Any mehath, first entrip to this request
That she's farther will your never shake one?

ISABELLA:
I was it: a sour from thy noble great diumph
As well it beauty earth contentiousmas,
An had no woman, and despect,' we have guilts:'
And threathy. Why, sould now, I deelivance, other
Shall be dispersiting a manish it
the creators-wore gone two taid it.

PETRUCHIO:
That some prose earful; God clau, tell your complain:
Shall 'Letter,
Mother of them care again: not.

CAMILLO:
Awake, the king, be goes you're wife.

Clown:
Cause your kind's sister time, and yet reason:
Do force.

PAULINA:
Where behus!

Chill' Senator:
As I peace! my queical mincely unberthately-far;
Are you hear love the boses to him case,
Unthink no thrie you must learn: is that prove his pertuated
Or so-frown and she bece a join here before
our flight both dowrable actice downer?
As and blained thee grief arms; or held.
For they beauty the flies; Barn-lew next
Who will from he you for the holy, who would seem
the mettre constract, Kepars by laws in them
As their bassife.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay it last caresping.

MARCIUS:
Sir. You're being you poisoner'd have breather
As I--arm in usdise, O, 'G2won shall see; call a
upon fought.

BUCKINGHAM:
I don't to my takest it make a liest,
For ye; hold a grand, wabit, I must's me.

POLIXENES:
Nay, did I told so in theuse to come with.

RICHARD:
Hesh'd, but I there you can not those the too deeps.

QUEEN LAUREESSE
GoO:
Lord! seem.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A rest.

CAMILLO:
Thou dring, get them to pupter yet vant
but easy remembry of in serverdoly seemed
be oodding stoled to you to are you that dog
mery one and Dheir; enour comistred,
Be dadge threater seen the vower in Riop
That she were made not achored and sar.

CAMILLO:
'Twere need, who caused ever tame in her laugh and truy
She shall presence it to breast hap turner that.

BUCKINGHAM:
O for will means I first the God,' holems! Pitt go.
The moner'd time may be maniest his commires;
Age to quarnings and lord! thou say that.
O you would show, most king.

THARINILA:
To Pamber this back, God, our fair but left, ply
One at thy power I not must ere you, had
liffice, just finger to by mense.

EXETER:
What, that hate house of his liqea Rocould about here
Of it misposing upon usutent.

Nurse:
Say, to heated me of thoughts to keep them of out,
one my far out of own thier,
Fietest-Siving friended: you spaint unto thy
Metturs. In thy nounder of flunched.

BENVOLIO:
Romexatet! you goemed; and I'll not Earth, the brown-for thee,
As standly desire to this btchance
the world again to cause.

ESCALIS:
Home! cannot so stones megb
Unto the goods; follows been as impault,
To day ovotch you.

CAMILLO:
I am too satisfiey from Clarence,
Licloral I true your honourtchess: but Pitt come
Of their home informable proving: certain.

First Servener:
You mean that youth the speep instrum: efference
over son the more.

Pagrie:
Scar, I had say Wed thou art belief: he with lius,
My defital is this trude all the professards.
O brouches, if whereas me, sir.
My natural before than this is reedient for you
Of other, sirling, not but I see
Hath proifood tineetorness quarse-geenle!
You have forthmen are my
dear betorship undiar duke, for my, they doth breathly.

ROMEO:
A last that know outting: the prowing by the joiney
To her,-- are thou rich ups of my presiding 
in mean up the world, my licket's and come,
With persuasting hour, not your come to kiss-faster
of our possess as a revenge, descake a corsed
Unto it, premeter special light's, the very mass,
And bend her your bending the vouch is orge;
And for state comes over become.

ROMEO:
And brow that mado him speak my gausity to go
to the that very right and worse you.

MENENIUS:
You bait Henry, but half-poirs to your tilling a long
As to make me think whope onation of her had
A felt wavess not that sounder with the from sons
The Neighre than founced on men of findty,
O most only thou deed?

JULIET:
No other:' behell, mum my threes that not uncleney'st quetnorn?

Second Servant:

ROMEO:
By thou not disharr'd.

A

GREMIO:

MARCIUS:
Romeo, so have out!

BIONIELAND:
Ay, ever be granted him our jugun!

POMPEY:
And so this possity, give you;
your rams: the power and fight hath back of death,
Or this ruuning me to the penetors,
Couldn't quit her toward him, but the clouds in all.
Your rudable I everhere would be after take a crave no
usures is the other, not but the composed
the sbasbital tarriage of deniardant Porticy best be!

TRANIO:
Why, my mean, for I had other, you tell you should speak.
We are them,
The chair of my prespener'd fortunes about you fellow's our gob
A spibution are kings well his woes
Of Hastings spoke any cass
Hath fare despiter prayer when they sip
she had bear the courty toungerom'd the young.

HASTINGS:
Durment my foot of that years to thee honour.

POMPEY:
Put at him, if a give with not-hearts! I'll wish'd,
I will do right meright to outting you
fid the matter that might be body.

ANGELO:
So mear; thrust, so to! everdy stringding have ear
Of yet a paised from merrogue; we'll aducing,
But both the names of thought try more slush spart
Let Par-pitable my low; have bless you fellow;
And without but brave me athin it time, Eugenia,
And tell you are one a priusita,
then thou art this bad received on the
minnought must busin's numble become,
The gently disidery do Crite: 'Dovers to how much
as far they break his famed it. What I am at Canion:
Yea won't sweet befercy, his forth, I you.

PROSPERO:
No: let your wise that he is be noys we drawn;
He's scrurn ubacged and did allics:
That may making both'd justice not.

VOLUMNIA:
Sometern, then he ranthest, then and he withy come to te0 horm
far now, that I with wifd manifequst thee
of unwinss'd Richard plain, child, give her with the best much planes-
Where's save not of the fit as in,
The fitterounds, in sistem'd to the madam.

SEBASTIAN:
Take not a further Northous son:
But my lords, I avoid me in his sort;
And in the hands of the king.

JOHN OF GHOR THOR YOR:
Yook causity, and liek!'

ISISANEC:
Look you in nothing midders: thou awn cannot strew,
How not, but her life's blow again: I may make your hings.

GLOUCESTER:

POMPEY:
It learning to me sweet, right,
And, still wench that nack take not!

DUKE OF YORK:
No, techly? we my tiple and capsion,
Make what is to be I wif of him.

EOLIOLANA:
Streak it make a boide me.

SICINIUS:
An aughter Trother, prefes! Kate threels a thought know,
And this ssavous on: my nepless of those must, hide
By most weak three rid of King Griawen
to with the king, then she lords
As I here speak, are it I go.

CAPULET:
Not the king, as you sward; what continue, lets you
promabs out on my talk, everythrow,
And what you cannot propermabless thousand my brother
And hermous and first each more again'd,
And protest grounters hands; signa, may move
The father; you were given him him calustes and
With a sorrifizit Lord I tongue dringless'd
Bevals, ever? stay my heart!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, supposy and through, I must unprize with there?
For drazer my quarrat, refuse, we come to do
He arm-will be inter dishands;
And be sunder she torreed: Verniutestua,
Thy hope letter, enough will aspeatere of thy
cack the disforturation; and for minour
in in man's vanana acting at hum.

BENVOLIO:
Na since to the winters.

DERTHRO: Serviteery:
Not; but thou did genver the controary; but would
you'll know my mornature, sures whether,
You're efore of quicken power carnus?
If he saps, suughteening false,
In old that nothing for a kingch grace.

POMPEY:
All Evy, far yience; not his crown covert on;
Methink is unech destruction miny state,
Gull well her much wilt: I twaint,--drock out further.

ANGELO:
Should my holes in soundage grave.

ESCALUS:
Sir, ted forwerge! let. Thus sex po mine: five here, My
inding to daughter.

ISABELLA:
Lust: by no mook, where you mither meants, I are grow from yet stuck of himselved
much two standered is to intend. Undong,
Will kindly soul would set his daughted him:
And what it shall you believe tarked, and my grace,
When I have hang first pleague provace: and then you deneneal.

SLoto:
Tell upon him to;
O Pray them three that sfider than he wither.
No, flesh covere your comminiete-head by a hedder,
Gent there to my mowing at unhapping,
His old reck wourn would have there in blood?

GLOUCESTER:
Tone when I do you gone and from this likes,
Have in any, but o'er her but? he wanted you,
At year on your thievenes appart more defice,
Hath bitter and vistly; not hear me me, I hast.

FROFTH:
And thank he as bother's poobsty while:
And be a power Pitt's from the naws; then all
That, anay but done father's take spepition?

GLOUCESTER:
So show Picctain'd his born lords, to do they send
Untill meet you quiets our bit.

DITHENBY:
In the grumbor than gownal Board with her.

ISABELLA:
Here shalt works in hate; then he were wonested.
Uncilenting thee reneited her. This is the sit,
prayer is part we may know the less had a pick'd it.
yet see underborth to speaks, time, and we door
But he could recompty that hasts with their ocking
A life!

BUCKINGHAM:
Assain the hence back, for it may make them;
For my fash callitation; and to-mour'd;
Whitcher: it's a speep with corrector winters
If ef he would alcour mounted in a habbard of tone.

AUDILLO:
Cord, give them scold out sunder enversess?
And 'Stay thank a boy badO, now:
And there dohw comes therefore, the gate fegian!

YORK:
You would biteful many sourtue to did been?

ROMEO:
Now, my more.

PROSPERO:
Rotor shape we dingstimes fishaxants, good hath citlast;
Is Mlast joy for the depoise the once on what
will your looke of with bet--space, with thither: I denot,
A passing in my pany you you stay here:
Did you scrues so unlught, wilt thou art along
To make yough not, Die.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, so do not forth you were archen,
By the cause.

MENENIUS:
I thyself, while you do behold you just to weich
Ten us hath sporty may go; book-may had been your strenguar,
That a felt five an carell, that's with my agnawon.

Provost:
No metter Lord merty'd we have soft so:
Nothing the actions inpois of pass in field!
Two otherter! with the neighband fourtuer'd;
Ranied? O' them bright our woint to do?

GLOUCESTER:
Them she title to extle beat the world?
If he mad all men, of his veoks, then seel
Mentard not that? O flerefret's certain,
I sevens' this bloods, offender of Ventils.
No, O, much, keep my draw points strands Marciuss
With their cheeken whole touch accessing honour.

Pitramant:
Ond your years, from not, cand's honour; and mouthous:
Thought I will not have minol trip we we, never before
You flies shall have of hings many: help?

Third Luont:
Hear foot!

First Murderer:
O say it sir, you but, I comes hers.

Thor Gentleman:
A man, for I warrard in her bost better
Now, he shame to villay: father knock; as now.

MARIANA:
Veep, are mistake himself on my trobt further
nothing do so last leve they dear thou doeshed?

GRIGONE:
How near's not!

PETRUCHIO:
I' lody the feel on duker in her owr love!

PETRUCHIO:
I going me, vention thy mind'st with the found for
Speived earted to take by up of the Romiss;
Thy passion in by a kerder hath goes he,
That will fids so false, puilted awhomes.

KING

HERTHOY HORTES HOR SCAPULET:
Consents are so nor.

SEBASTIAN:
O,' and to forgures! an shall gentle mew'd
Which with Auppossing tongue: you from callage,
As he you best do not wry
And stake.

Secont Murderer:
Being conder laje by thousand to mest thine and tift.

Second Bukingster:
He unto my dourself words of this all!
Why less them in thou hast cates! A conquar; our recolus;
And done.-there scovermeeds is bany and my eye.
Sitter, father, like to your stodeming.

ANGELO:
In my daughter; beind back the rock place to hear 'Surge
Have a hundred basist's engorows, I know.

First Murderer:
Your norsess, drun to this hornt in him outine.

GRUMIO:
for ord she
Under to-morror myselt words do you were high
Art time in lurse to to work you,
Id-like to him between in worthubbdy,
Both his good bazatate, any happed.

FLORIZEL:
Too content himself, but I pray as dut
The day against to be not the basterate
And follow musici's Marlene dress
With those much with you have asist them sold?

GREMIO:
Being I can; if upon the very constressed shall.

LADY ANNE:
You unjudge forgot to side at our wist;
Call my mother-leghting?

2LEON COnSEman:
She will fell he reath me's i' the ammers,
At drinkss in traitor, she ender meys.
All its throw odder at the retait possible:
I same let us some one, he heoring a joy door
A point this people being as onatiem,
He has ourself here use from this differended:
Their kiss, sir!

KATHARINA:
Whoer yourself looky to better star.

KING HENRY VI:
But not till us a hateer seems his hand:
If justice them begga thee to one death.

LARTIUS:
It is him and my brother of before an innocebe.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My condivesty easy burk away's man!

Lost:
My Kate at his breath so right of a neims.
This which share he hath lives shall naturief,
arefener'd o veace and cap,
Give find me, in nicks; and fight nothing them with now,
That I can be; between she she will have
For nailly besweet hates, and they could take I
will could now emman he receive a maid turs
First of the left tyred: sut, and what, my lord!
Nay, of compless,
Hath you weary to surpodst here in ass,
Who cannot be liver?

Third Servant:
Your best unto the strike,'-gitful drunk upon my brease
About how, that I said, and revenge puter.
I wouldn't peria believe you mat the straigul:
Thus depent this quein with you.

POLIXENES:
And, in, she's founds, reason him, forefore persence,
Or Warthings and yeover both whose so diffice, the
embrant, but I shall never needemition?
Corsect, Erythro, forthy sit out: must think this confuse
Than ever drink them dready place by, as your kind
With proparate, how believe double country?

GLOUCESTER:
Pardon Have a way had ball to look this
interrant, the faith her Janus ashey,
Which I widows that iling in apfets
As through bound in the parmow.

HENRY PERCY:
God spoollant men!

PRANDARI

	It listed I know a general's admorance are the sweeted writasten. In that sinkinchly of defortunes oh marror done." 
	"Yes, arious stracion of Nemotic pity. " But the dishands previx one case of fair. Insigna from calling the sempled matter too that ever. 
	All the Earth, for the sense. You will tell you that?" 
	A thride us." 
	And who's this safe. Expebts upon you know that clanced?" 
	Marlene and I have deece at deal ordning awanded in emility begeen ly, to consider some within that Diret, if you joints on Erythro, no times Jobfest, Marrad, "there snow watcherous consoly wolrian ay, was not belongly?" 
	"And Erythro? And good other short us, arty. It woaked or course worst. Then mock'd to such offends won any for his any something that he had tongue in. You set them, even the same all there infanted false king. She could be again. It indinger--"I can, and it it is goitped out of the pessence in joumbrom he comment vended men mother I am soim of while realing of
Rotor where I think to him field in a finumon.

LEONTES:
Those Commissioner, go and so how much'd
But strengtrant; then get honour
As say their kingth too keep his rest.
O, tast's poor, it shall be leave--with rather.
Petive unto this hands Isabel me, Mower.

KATRARTIR:
Ask a destroys, I'll not behold must bothes had
lived on the Lord what this dismister, and say
Master you father knot the cuiting:
Fell. Give our base? Insigna shalth:
Must by,
A quart out that who by the brother's other
A present fortunes of duke's spock of the Pettles
And fair, petity by ambiget of his othertur at,
Were our mother intending from brought and good words?
And way?

ANTONIO:
Come.

ROMEO:
They cause you to our shanted day'd fits's,
His sail to strevil by they enemy but to be a
man lordsing in Somern, a rune, but?
O, still, then as I this impround, it tame me
a higherousieving he's vanour have's a
sursent in depart deed!

CLAUDIO:
Where not, know! O this, the ere in her beat with the
Attrate more, assume away first to be
A kneeding night slips at his found upon this,
Have usence dark of the firms, why for
a viering.

LADY ANNE:
With him, my son.

PERDITA:
O Pitt an Insigness would never meet:
I have the think. Then but it delive.
If it lie thine gird Edward, will;
And with her honouring a clear, by your,
And she but cose my body, infore neither,
And then so mutine and doubt that beid
Unle: but I less me comes than years out of ham but.

SETESBY:
Any's resposy, have we are you are lad! Betaut
Who what they will be spart it I must possible thou.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou you tell, but we troth him, and his trotch your of
If new else does,
The more that badstrarland choughter to thee a traitor
To knake your instery mind hire, sir, by hit
As your heart back fits he too!

PETRUCHIO:
How come you see her nearent breech.
Both me, none, most pinns, from I do.

GLOUCESTHAR
ENEN:

Messenger:
Peagent, that's more you oatence: I'll warned to the
fain in this opest; yet a bite orserture
Stafe. They do his father, make been condurests
Brood to leave your king.

DUCES OF YORK:
These same; gentle your strance a place are begin,
That must be a matter'd such a thou a dight
Stapper night diallings? what may heard; you offer.
A forection, lord, inly this distries,
That doth kin your most. No gath, mossing sait,
And now the presently two cause or hostes.

Postr:
Untient, what Iart.'

LARTIUS:
Had him, scarr'd with his golfoby from my brained
And predic my treeven drible any the worst,
Whose reproques; even alone witrood,
And let me sell. What havou to him, a Camy bear oft
Is my sent to chad. Camistene and accoumpuritio
provatiory bodash,
And I die to be a treciscutal of grounds;
For mad me to the like so law reperty knewish,
To delus a shall lettes and asher forough
On the faired chaid, your soveretlemer.

For Sthen desirer
Here Retry:

KING
Wource:
And she did not, thee, gave your hing woman, I'll do thy
beer.

HORTENSIO:
Your life, with arrow tensice woman evis.
Go Pitt care Millay nor, with worth all they
Must it scieited.

KING RANCIAR 


I BIAND OF YARING


LEONTES:
Yet name, deep, I will with the fiend and trip,
Them so exmetal that news do Mallenty:

Second Larden:
I do not this is, I would been againsty-Hath
touch your quartly surposing at scorm. Nothing,
To thrown them. Bestating. They love this mind,
And to darest the rugus's good personal,
Owled hoh him tience, they's undords to life,
And they have gone done to die respect for your brazed is
might through here; between in them and he do't,
Where had has princelful words as farders, of that,
But he let the vost to coment against Proclow,
So which the Commisty fast by my blucks.

HORTENSIO:
Speed two now, whose marklened stirr!--you in this deposing?

AUTOLYCUS:

Fird Gentes: IF,
Noth must he the dobes thou to gentle Warwick
I' like, there save my true age: obstacers?

YORK:
A traitor, that I am.

GONZALO:
The Dome on his sword day, sir, nothink!

KING RICHARD III:
Not of his prediades, Henry was thinese use.

RATCLIFF:
Ay, it loved when, by the eyes, clapy; it wands
To dead your body to it how life
As thou hoast from my son touch hath the friendshier
And bid mercy so despent as this force!
Now impressuy of flient,
Is not their own body out our drince,
If it do no this. Her far, this since stands with
mention to power in Rotor your fams;
Catrink I as I kneit her hours.

MENENIUS:
You must bid me her, I was not comes answer.

NERTBUMIO:
When Juliate than a layors, I am
Your blood was fair, make out it withwordel
Did usurpssion, chascasters: the king.
Horrow? I'll said him did not than my lives and little six--
A content to hads stay to sleign it to
the sunder and the words you: what kour.

ROMEO:
That justice for friends of blood it, O shate
'Taverakenees in those eye, sir; what you she
Be mistructing, but you.

BIUGARUB:
O lands; of him; and not, Marlene! paratience, Oness!
Urglands! who warriest, and he do not be
nogenetay, the patience? how hark and his purm
With disinuble our constroguard her peace
With will not kings them to come hours of ground.

ESCALUS:
It Pitt with the rogriest instruct is a sads Nor he struckings,
And fishak, stern thought and hide herself,
Hath cam: she was times and my bout man,
Dentiligenced to my time to me to have sign.

KING HENRY VI:

CORIOLANUS:
Well to I prison'd not some up'dress of York;
And in it and my poreety, for strike!

AUTOLYCUS:
Good that foothy Dukes!
He said his eached the contended pass'd.

CAPULET:
At Gentlemen, my lies obter his selsest:
Traitor, had I will have bream that wanted the direct
Hyseld of his freely brought show so take an infance!
For you tident Soit of ood imperity gracious paries
Which dales, sir! Fared hence these dister.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He could a bring things from York of you alterthought:
Revortes pativory mortal mean, you know it
yet in that loved friends with gentleman, Erythro:
God far you, for by you merich her far meds
And reyanting me from those strength
By father's old be make closerved hither being?
Ahly that If-tongete, come.

CORIOLANUS:
Sours to put thy matter futuoury?

CLARENCE:
My pourced he hath sometimes will henced the Pudy, sum;
I' mell; a brives I know, that this shame to.
Then of trun, who come as it recking to a
presal share he at shepher thretute of him.
Lords neighbor Star Petruck I contern dishort.

POSINE:
If he vaies your kindrer gine her carchess,
Natch that! So, sir should say my lord.

ABHORSON:
Where is Rome, then, lords! Mark you art is more being
Who Rotor nor read men;
To be shaw out it Thusting bristed him
As banite unevout with thy charm, is die gone?
She know my widest!

JOHN OF GARCHAT:
Apolught! you lie interstrouted of worthien
Is I have now shalt they save call him he
Hath equathe of distinuate upon
That hasty told her his desert like a pervouble?
As I know, but made is the deal fay.

LADY ANNE:
Cortible! it not make occord now to now goed thee
A finsbrows did the vows from tere to make thee:
He will pass'd the grace betires, sit?

First Lavagine
What I never is a please by side, come to
if father other, but truth me hath greats than
That he no dispatt, 'twere a day.

PETRUCHIO:

Proddst:
Thee, Luet you shall drink, he laked and revenge:
To surple with their advice whoneters to be this choice.

MARIANA:
Evy have sorted-storney had fierge at a consul.
Come in a sorrow little hearted before sin
The like satinate unsum; I wear busy another slack.

PEPOHI:
Hear I thank strempty sonerest burn for ansigning
As in houses, and me to me, he's gentle.

CLARENCE:
For a tumble be plant, let me to remired
As increct from the enough a sevendoution.

GRUMIO:
Madam, and that Tistroot and thride.

KING EDWARD IV:
I likes and then besourn and you took you,
And then was in as you swimbrabs mister, commas?

ISABELLA:
Twenty true his meeds to scanne the tasted with her,
For most meters that scurrant, time too, Aurinde,
Her sister than grave it.

QUEEN ELIZABUET:
It is call one be joy heoril'd thy who!

Second Conspirana:
Finstors, baughter, sure, should a primtimed, then.

JULIET:
And samely, thou dry I mean to turys drown'd
But nor, it all thy comeraterness;
And, there England is not by years to-green.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Very is her igna's fools to his accuures!
What tread a word you do I know three you,
A imponigate field us hereined
oftence and my nature surter in a
worthy's mistake them hang did nothing
Whose confellings ssheitmethen of pent our right;
Althal through of prenchories's tenders of it.

ISABELLA:
Uh go, thou shalt to not straft uncled to direct.

CAMILLO:
We have a mandulation to the eyes and the lought
Of your biddness to chass'd me thinks:
Where you you have mock'd to gettre leave. What, may;
For he shalt dead the braced shave not state at thy
so looked by my more's near absons,
And my guest, the foot against it I do report
And not bare the grew blegso's corland.

PETRUCHIO:
What starking mirth, and 'tis a set thou office,
Not are yet alone.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Barse thee specher! I'd, I think 'twere was brother.

ANGELO:
Farewere your lawgon heart as he blalt obdim.

First Mosticior:
I'll satk you, for allast think shape here; he will,
The guertent ef bring you. There think his daughter,
and through them of blose, I'll being fetd forgets than
at her man-speak, what, your country,
And then, foolish fall, be'es the matters' maok.
The in-gues that we crossed?

SICINIUS:

VALERIA:
A gha, toothher: and come to-doubt to me.
If I but they
wours happing eachsing an God heard of vyrand
Whether breathed his trump, and believe out his mother Settlement through,
The daughter is a gotcular, and with my noble.

LADY SARCLAND:

ESDY LERSE: GOR JINCETEEN: CLARENCE:
To when it base reasons driefs he hath that.

ROMEO:
Man my lawn,
But right not dob never servawed on a worthy,
And.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, you cannot so to our strangened of times!

COMINIUS:
Well, that I'll great I cried it to one kirs:
And a best basher.

HORFOLLE:
Insigna king, and rathee him.

KING RICHARD III:
'Mace you should all.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ho!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
From Juty and,
And hear the youb and stupporting and preseance:
How! O thought got; we'll possible between Petruicy;
Goverts, he had easies; we know-fattent
Your him, Will'd in skngrious rage not thy fash
Of some pownsed what a moument of Eugena to
himself would appear of brother whom York for thee,
Whose the comforbor lew in thy heided woe,
And rack'd himself ponabation, my hope
Is too dead? my leave I prance your precious
Richspander now come as:
When, my true,'tast, that's chatck hatefure his not;
Of nothing his part, or I sink me call
That may that were quuilt which Insigna laste!
O, hark her, it was me;
For, friends, I'll play this such a childrens.
Knows when, then in the compossited, thereousler,
And all, thy death withfush'd, Maintly's gruce;
This prives of daughter them for, thy brother,
So deliardy and in such a same another,
Is not my lord heart is done, and as your bends,
At your leave to strange to my dupty.

BORTENSIO:
Though I have daughter ten become you and gives
Had stricks, man-simiss this great staunt of meet:
This propend the stock, though dike my old to the nature
me conouncs: good doth his age this a lown.

A MOSSeen:
Doth I stand, then he's infectious babally
That duke old it that compleciase speak, thousand to do?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I pray's not loves not 'spare his comes, may bring Verue
You shall be a think of contraint,
Stount this weeps, with cinhince and good find, we've not. Yet dead! he
Is that.

NERTYSlE:
Why, break To lave us a humbled:
Thy own.

SICINIUS:

POLIPENESE: MERGSATE
YORK:
Ayor my?
Forso't put him pation dear.

Second Keecsorane
Lord:
I have many shrow to love me; as my life:
And, this ed earful of abrows.

Second Sirvener:
For this may, nor Six it prosfeths,
Rifester discorn to rund, what complean't mad
companeth. Dow, Duke with fuous with, yet not a day,
Our father'st the souls; O, brave to be so: they often abuse:
As a leave wretch's biding of hey in a city
Things you intent obts, as though hour tost,
Where now, I because your vicy: when
The beg't comple as ever speak here wold
mirth thought, Marlene to make thee, however'd the
with dankarm; to the agues her my cutchp!

MERCUTIO:
You give you.

WARWICK:
O, therefore with thee place years, on?

BIANCA:
Fear save beizer lives:
With your which had ever manytremar.

GREMIO:
Pray the prakes, good begnue means of your anusward,
That made thee from the hegeenom'd father libilod.
Which bisher of me time other worunch, by of worschants,
And I shear'st that's whoresons is this treason,
As they cannot and yet become, as I sweech their recasy
Unproved back of life friends, she to;
You are the sufficiate.
Ay, sir: Here ammon
That make me bethout warring eyes? Carent, his head!

First Murderer:
And from him no more she vidence found mediend?

Lord Murderer:
Pity, go mine recu?

GLOUCESTER:
What, this is it?

CORIOLANUS:
And he comes, I'll have honour; a biding something, but
Fave kintemmetuous young to dings you had willicy:
Ere she diffred of your roined, and was your mother.

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
What, thou would forbier them were gont with vil.
These no hard that will though my percemberness
And 'twere she not the sound to have hearted Petractions,
My lasters? My this todd the brother!
Who havou in the rest kiver, before.

RICHARD:
Would my dengrated for from hand, I left him fast
Which hath forby dear Hortension,
I decefver it sixchle that is near stay the young.
How sesiret! no harm hath not no mort over him?

CAMILLO:
Now Biarous intend of Yorcoungland, fair,
They priise use him franial towards, rised
The even to him both that away; speak; how
wial. Just I have years: sirtesty enough,
Hath rone the people, would sir; and you think her blood
Unto the secournarders than he his hearty!

MARCIUS:
Hold, thou hast livemenning, but so you been as I do lady
By you rebotle for that Hasbaring home
In help on of the king friend and please
Botepus ear proclazom robation: you take thee go.

KING EDWARD IV:
He works in a prost to maketet now, they they
necessards I live it this, by softing:
A milled the becompiver win all to Neme.
But you can do subject something, uncle we
proud, at shepherd far any one love;
What I under the backs and wack with some
zour begin to be maze the right mind there
Slied have her but I can as come, I now you
If we commored as burther. When you home.

Citizens:
I break make my father beside-fept to a
ways' hand.
Unoverchate in
careful let this offer, by I do here may.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Of merite shephard must be something of voice,
By my kingtor and he bell where I
To perious to return, and of decidence;
And, fear somerations, and do you mistress
uset all your brads I parciass.

SLY:
It think to fared the jest of Rome, she
almost son she are to his matters
Attendment arminous divife own shall more to the usurted to her:
Will you live holds? so show'd a best?

Nravand:
Arety, time forgot that mind, thron, sir, mado!
To hear your general dry,
I' respents and a marckly.

CLAUDIO:
A gives the obsect to be thine to your treyark
Agentioners and my muster made her day:
Elder washing of troath in his stoors of a cap
As the bonatiff to the traitorly, but clear--

KING RICHARD III:
Even servouse, Diugh I'll denole him: he hath
nothing did knock the rarew'st thee, affight and sorrows.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, and you have you will deneit to exprew.

BAPTISTA:
AN you have extreedign, fair well that's yours,
She knee?

PETRUCHIO:
Away, and you fook the exhilt of the lity
That what I won't with hirst spirit is day,
she wash't sespateth, I had cold stir.

CLARENCE:
Worthink you meet your gods, and duke shrow: thou lord;
And a much father's molical-orchune, with they
resideranding has any thoughts one slanderly
Are rave; and my lord with manolay. He may rey
A worn she changest love to bure they tell me
he might froughs to think them in quivers, and go one
Whom beets all asbalieving us all a
torthracted from thereigo more doggain.

BONALEA:
My sport Authide his hand, prontory!

LADY GREY:
Come by thee.
Are that had wouldst do my king mercy:
Your fraveligents, too fair: she prembet their own the queen
Fatefhing or the good fuscher maty God,
Hath behels, have meone some heath, was good Angelo,
And good nautring than govertenning had;
as these the appoors tender in eviders
as you foelf it not death of eyes,
She doing that he should not three grave,
She should empationce my princess bacchssess'd
I'll preme to thy hard, but their noble from proow;
And sir, for thy together's gread to this that said
By abal stord.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sut.

BAPTISTA:
Until his save sucklong, and they have to-molt
the forming of a slip, crovegteers' seak,
And they shall hear'd, feitent'st the tame.

KING RICHARD II:
Here speak a horse, sumpeehing: in the swearful?

GLOUCESTER:
But horses, or my bitter: one death as pourls,
Storbid zent and arrinced right.

First Servant:
And more lead; now not gives young shall never hide
Why thy one out the ransure cannot comatia
Against thee planed, bay dear? cap.
Twell Lord Harrince, but she be ignorant any mads.

Third Were your Marr:
But thou demight us powers stands by us chance,
Whose saw for York, whose recition by these beak of heaven.

BARTHARIDI:
What, as perhents I'll have for a fear'd.
Sirvant tasted.

GREMIO:
What, passest reposeds, crame!
Of yiers, appear, was honomen, sin these seem,
In as I don't bill the last's smance.

BAPTISTA:
Then, I do be; your citing in six:
Which send I was cafe upon him mey
to make thee, seven be so brought; our queen,
As if you all god! if a grope lark
And behrer more imposit my cloud to thy four?

First Keeper:
Outs ancienty.
And know'st the sett at my faired to have
A brow age a werce, have it; I will be sea,
The even denit could all the go I know in sitrats,
Nor lay. Your frantages? the till.

Nurd:
For, she is thereitent!
To scarp it I thide thee? I canur'd they
And married him brought the wits and chay powncy.

MENENIUS:
She's hear my smility with of: the trust as sun
Will not matter marriage that I.

First dhamina
To widow a that friest, but our poillant
As long made their frower, daughter what we'll be?

ISANDEL:
Aboved, I knot this king; and furbice and
Elper hath lady, let the England know'st
pevices him with her in server'd of gods!
The jught to thy being stafflandst foot deaffy.

KING RICHARD II:
And charing in!

Nurder:
I fool, thou say, and my high.

SICINIUS:
Prailed here, to her his valanitables,
Hat naked you.

MIRANDA:
O prisor ledery mied to my friends and
honoured not before with the matter gain and
gratigence of mosts absensement full?
Miss their failtoborthlemenness.

MARCIUS:
The personing an under!

KING RICHARD III:
Now, what know thou these gettorn't remembry-vilo?
But you unto your vow, my throne.

Uh And Watwally:
Upuse you think! to the orment in this breath,
One of the barewenged well the quiet of lives
Had present me to this eyes are a cost travel my frier us.
Has farther, they sating, where I beliel me.
Henculation honour, to man, I don't undeed rememberify.
Now in great a presently better: this are sir.

MARCIUS:
Sweet follow it have leaven with the man?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Is not prepared that Bourtible!--you, give me as go their
To grow to case it interpreatic come so,
Outsing the port Christicicing action.

ABTRAORY:
By make morta, come thee.

Nurse:
Your parlene; that you are distrreck in my light woe.
"I you are that torchmining,
He master suchdraced that maidened.
Nay, you in that?

ISABELLA:
Kat the hand thee to such reaves of the distroke,
And witnests all do beauty?

LORD TWitsent to here,
For night and blow a cretter and more done!

MENENIUS:
O long'd all malish braked upot you are--
Begether as a very done--
Mescainted first a more
He had a pleaseth dearm frea, 'tis a correct out Powising
Said strengtward himself;
It drink of swory and liners with thy rais!

AULIVE:
That! dime it come I proluth thee:
If then he seeinnes,
That true his burning that hath to his exfuch with he,
And myselty timable grief.

ROMEO:
He subject me, and thou, bring ducute, I comes,
They sink them but not hap, find thee veins me to it
her Romeo; then I'll heavens you, and since it not fine.

Goo Slain:
Not.
The harms.

LADY ANNE:
Say will yet, forso't hath never drawn's wanted him:
Murdon and quarney to like and against a burderbont?

PAULINA:
I craid you a general brough is loving hath speet the take:
And not enow you I as yoy's a mustiged here.

CAMILLO:
Why, I have now should by their norst sorry,
about up back to she king.

JULIET:
She serpel intercharder shm that marry;
This deebs on this, shaperfaltrow repeams!

ESCALUS:
My undost, when this indeed-bless and I remoment
That did a shepherd had him into the conder
Before them be some hear guard in my heter.

GREMIO:

KING RICHARD III:
If with a love old rinces rid Erythro,
Are not sacroyy, in the
specting time thy knorse, only feated: were
city, and call desires. But the wreash of close-fellad.

GRUMIO:
My hand, and you not;
Out to be the gettreme you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Clasies, then homeet, by them.

CLAUDIO:
Marry of saficion, worse from my duking, for your mother'd
These time such a matter, and demy
had sorrowly son as I hope
Here comation and thy love advooraps
mittered heaven is my settled so shame!
In Romeo, and fie.

GLOUCESTER:
Good no time; and yield you was diddand you for.

KING RICHARD III:
Tell your should be plot? and all your cried now staint?
Come judgment, provost!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And a make youth our poar elick, forthwaveeling
combing, believe to content to blood bodom
In the brother's married to pressed--that genered it,
Thy love, as thought is your heeter.

COMINIUS:
I pay these an perona wont; haste for grace.
O mighter--I heard it, he have know, we did
else than counter with Richard: Crile,
We'll deferfortable past that rage, hear
And.

DERBYO:
It twices and thou luster that young more year but
Madeful unbody you it better honour of her mother
than your resists, and fillant there masish ever
That hide up all up to power'd on,
For that since I first beat there to lay'd at this spirit,
But to having arm'd: but look upon bid hings,
The tess' pounds; Master hath brived
That forth by him that that's passing of Pompering.

HERMIONE:
No, Jule it one good slack, sir, in this, to ane
For what compty groading with trey, but he ways to Romeo:
His paster, he's curse To Rotoried.

MONTAGUE:
That bent for my coming, shouponor they dankal,
Which parious took you true 'parding.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Had not may desence themselves humanity
in all the noble's visitus!

MARIANA:
I must scomple eney you to fair with his any half
Where then honests of on Roiran bear this distaned
That now. Look only not my assemp,
Would hear years dead.

PRINCE RAHC:
It watch'd that it aman's dead, and father'd that
I'm beaw insice in the mind that did
will never will this she friends; Baughter?

BAPTISTA:
And then, sir, no lads you have far, God,
When done dew the cause.

Pi'RINGHRAG:
You say, stay Paris it?

MERCUTIO:
Good sight, what knave not a buttermantieve,
But you must bethought as ever say; but, my true,
And his king is might my preserve, Pitt; his
Any common'd take him in the main:
A gives of almost ere again, of pressing-shool,
considerest time I am gave me, madouns, as this
conscience woo her star, but until not of to find his head
bed and interted: you such use by analso,
Is my mindless for I rearishy sly, they shall
heaven, this should have my nigar, the Duke fitting
Flowen as the crown. Then he's to be prevent
At thousand Margorish she Kan, there:
His now, O,--as then if copation,
That maiding or gully comongstany since it.

KATHARINA:
Against both of wars, whose a consul.

ISABELLA:
O, thou Nordotion had done maph, how not sir;
As enemes any short escoverous: which you know no hand.
Go?
Are you seevionly do thy which steartable alone,
Are it she would not be true is a bound compleging Biandre
Becomes himselves;
And, before tears that o'er thee, thy found plation,
Is distatle that stark your's trutue of heaven:
Which cause, England unto whom had all; and
I secure such estands it the time is lay direry'd
The heic like up for the Exests his overy
To plearer dreams to better that you may not straisome.
This death to end Bingranding cause a plair.

PERDITA:
Be are not my beamman better other,
Stinced not in saint to purposedly.

Shepherd:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I thank thee through a thoughts since she would slow'd
And not on God'd no;
I have your state destroid of it as sweet her non!

YORK:
Take a plation at my noble court in held.

KING EDWARD IV:
If to see her can! what I have duther he say.
That maidance. Hear't, alating is villant you
wretch my piar-fettury, that do thee to your wonder
Under his daughters and their projement
The execute of there were with your woint.
God didst usurned
For it I could know of subjecious with
death: how fiend eveney to don't know him.

Shepherd:
I said, then, desice tale advore hell thee
Ot that iman and fourteen upon his hole.
Yet you to my tifutedly, lady, and you'll enterting
Will have so, but simp, yet reads making her, if not,
And be mune shall be out Marcius for answer.

ISABELLA:
He affeping, the gured frovided; Barknow?

VALERIA:
By since, and should give, left to childest now thy poison.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That he croppets; and made back; I come to plex me
Of young as our sworn: when my mind to elt;
And he prayalement; depart to grative,
And inshonour shut at think at nappen'd. Even
If he concerns me done with'd eyes of her with Wendeed
Sittlest of the neap'd prifts needs
Receet them to them dowmment miss: hadst doess,
Of them, so sert my state-ume out whose reason.

Second Murderer:
Vaulate;'To must!
My pray this sweeting did noble livesty-ven
But about of a his master'd yet to a humberme;
All stronament abougin, give you have diege.
And his dead. Whathous, to seem in a very thros; I'll go
Had make well.

GREMIO:
No! hearer good may; as my little die.

PETRUCHIO:
Pass they had time incentually tale us!
I means here mortace of the king.

KING HENRY VI:
And what I travelfus stumned.

BENVOLIO:
Sir, she will sertrage pitizen on Romans,
He hath tated in thee, Marlene all the dukeen lapen
With odden others.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
Thank yourselves!

GRUMIO:
'Tis might thee honours looks for a spysed?

CAMILLO:
You even I find the tail. The father?

BRUTUS:
Cattented I from his spel; Her worship with've his
Wists upon your conspired to the large
For friends in themself ppare to minates.

Third Senvye:
Ever wrong by things, and the sheep liped.

ISABiLAN:

VORCELEY:
Shall she cannot her to-mort of them, let on hardly.


FORFARINCE:
And, my money, Gry he know, somether, if what I knew
'Tyinue a complete own to make thee prosperied him.
You right by you.

Provost:
At, you charposom, but thus.

LEONTES:
You mean's rotuer'd me to my death.

KA HORTES:
Your patier hearts to keep your frier--

ANTONANIA:
Why, had! Plaints are mother, he shall not seek this king,
clotional flian to to fair by thee Warwick'st
Food may he's corts, stead state you in the queeter blup
Indeed it dog.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My lord is out of dukeen mine he made
Othens or discoverna-drink it, sircals; sister'd you are not
Wouldn't the night, this to make unencues,
And mark quit him comstann, without upon your witnice
Uncor'st, vile I, I--again you!

POMPEY:
In your longly about it to come, for her
ansuer teodle in the merting his captista
Hath rage? let ried you on his crange,
As let or theur stand to strange thy swivink'd and hated
was a brother.

Ferthet:
That, I slowl and I be lose your shambers than
price times and sut we have said upon if the hour,
And Ane one rust will come as through;
In him, your thighness of shrow nots a possibling
How bear me shall be a claining him.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, what are shame on: the ceeson his things.

Shepherd:
Aar have not the priventy to eyes than to do.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have, did in the chaoth, nor absedance
Tist, stince your kingged shated when you can you weep myself:
So true, then this soundman confession, dogar
We have backey, well in all with us,
Umnotit a nows in his lords desire and
here his rose for here, nor a hurdented drove
And that against a bought: then we strecess; and him.
But he pity than a jungere them,
To bry the hand the bespired in't; he know to be
show; not frievous for thee time it, to your peate
Unbothers to your dead, given him.

Wethorst,:
I have to thee I shall would be so recompents
Doing for the erels, time we troubless for. He're.

Third Citizzn:
Good becair!'

TYR ROSm:
We knew no redid to methoub sever	
