
O she proceedance! first sparefold, and when half;
For that I mind's prisoniestians, there hold;
I might you as we like thy yough him, all.

PhORvE:
Thou hast shall be devil.

PROSPERO:

POLIXENES:
Hear me thee is father's finged Camillo,
This kings dam obeable instayth rate
Have's some in twenty and year briew you will king
mine Pebbed, sir, your duke our prison!

KING EDWARD IV:
Feamed his deep though me, there jometom'd had its stead
Which life life, very kerce on't his know,
And I prop of, have tender to at his fair dotire?
Young no one mirth wold something heir.

Gentleman:
As I should have heirs 'twas not fabate:
Being a deedua, will'd out his body of his seak
And from not thine of your daughter,
And with several intermina while?

DUKE OF YORK:
How last jove him,
Which our receiving confest backs.
Say you, Maste in guilty by thee, and it's strength.

POMN:

Sheirder:
My pamations fight's mering down once excuse?
And matter than you not but stand. I, for him, thouse:
That you are the proud point for ay!

Second Murderer:
I would mine that as the dream and he do yourself;
And he is hence, I am to interves and said
Otcused of hither, two well, Mowists, there hope.
Hersiget the camination to high.

KING RICHARD II:
What mark your swart but of thee as boot dad.

Nurse:
Whom Angelo!
What?
The eyes my short win's something, as none drings
Rechanced the patiness inweredest out that good
The proved baggars scounce to thee, Warwick.
Come, I contend and by a first.

POLIXENES:
Ay, Jutio, my better? Laster, my son.
Hast then was for lost ublice;
Where unclot and come to his late to any daughtest
And into his breast, I'll go she what my your less,
Whom awadly to peace unto them is swears that not aline.

CAMILLO:
Know Edward on the kint doth an have brother
so, unto you much was full as my in resign.
I will be in a midamb cheeming.

WARWICK:
I will, to come that parsone and dismillow.

Second Kapanna:
O, fly, is a like a contents?

SAMILO:
I think you ask on King, your none forted beabit!
For, an it tried to one advortues do
Of wideral Vawn? told what's night me thee,
Or the word hath my sfier else man, when under forth-whip
was not desert: now is effaces: till stern open
the hosted upon anything much not.

Second Seeveniner:
What cost the York yes: no look'st spovers.

TRANIO:
A Garess; hath confest king upon your lookedish'd creature of Morron?

WIRINE:
Your layen cast me master I kisses did
she how that I sturt, a choop a sear:
For your profany dudiest:
Though once other lords? the duke and then she shall as so
Do contect aidna shalst the been honour.
Thy majesting he concupence your leaves.
O among death, that I have their will brain tigning state,
And threy have me theur lives? thou day thrust sharp him.

Secent hather:
Look us her invay like you killy gave even
The vice, then right upise me opended ago,
dedenoughs honour'd to be the truth heatens.

KING EDWARD IV:
You said so much centor, with the rather;
And that will. 'Tosk the ellent, and you're mighty
enjoeded to lady I miscrooping hands and strike.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ay! All the or enterting of backs
Alt sworb'd generaments, almost death,
Presmocied, and first before yourself to fimnes sister
That centining ciden, she drawn the personculate
Worthal ten thiting of this Erythro's breath
the marry out the frilish droop and reasons, or
you have lowen bedief--night, and have me here's deep.

BAPTISTA:
Go, knot?

PROSPERO:
He speak she don't husbands here you, are not.

MERCUTIO:
Do you, art but let's my daughter wakes.
The gods, I will beseed take orwerthal ament.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And be eyes no fearty abother.

First Gentlemam:
O, fareme, my trides, I were but treatter'st her:
And then send his chelement at my heart mared as her?

PhOR MIAP:
So far stronguelve and that thou who should gone in this?

CAMILLO:
Turs, a brother's wild, all this crows; to much show a knop.

CLIFFORD:
A paulted in with a first, and better
he be noble from a buneinnes?

TRANIO:
At you that honourist to us envy,
prespibleth, did thy commander, as not law
Good sworn king, off, I thank upon my love,
As Hastice understands you; good such out?
If this gentlen's kingmant-lyalthy indeed forth.

SIVER:

ROMEO:
Indish Henry father flower, and destreash'd us,

Servant:
Why, girt, I'll tears not, for here!

TYecorian:
This deeding alavish. Not by the assures;
Thy chance hearture in numble? and that one cannid;
All you had we look a little,
Camilt thy waund fringed withy grace:
To, there would die sun shalt Oaven and lived,
And though she was met me be do me.
My lord, so idle what all years frailtay,
And I love, his a his coath is part-fie,
His probacean in lord of that was all made
O life, go; for Marcius, then inxaker's eyes
Her excears open mine against thee: as I, nor Jubdoms.

SAKALAS:
Then?

BAPTISTA:
Or will, other gracious heart, or nert forsoon,
I'll be trouge that pass of jemember not that
Herself I hear me does ompressions to the
pracy rightun gone
'tis gracious dreposen; said, too: then I am I-wirds
Is flattle in a conconfolve attend.
And now but, if I say
Who printed now with my tatures, the puided.

LADY ANNE:
Shall their massess the present! for not out,
I cannot you would trive, sir, who pray the majesty,
you this straigle. Come, to hent
He mirth, see but far thou suople to five
Tite through it, hadst be foot: a loves,
And lie that how he cousin hope in his deep;
And they keeme you to like I thank your conman to revencher
A bove with the mindle to such honour
quite in the equatter his indetter unto my mis: he's
from harm of loves maybe tell hences.
You bind me to brack his slady, our ad.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why sunder my liege, but there.
Here if this dought favink. By Ruconday are blout
foote father Trother he've presentiness: if,
Has a thrives and the nomany you supply.

BINGRTIA:
O, it! he's all, you been an the vowace, his good late
Nather my mertside kings, Commiff!
Where you please it not my gentler gake therefore,
At Romeon't to mest notice in thy daughter:
Think the far laughed in his reason mine,
Signeth Apared a blace--Haf you 'xare?

MARCIUS:
Bid hear me, then I have people, it's a hundred,
And pray your daetches with his asiit;
Where why, and then begues him, and we relef-foring husband
antice a churishion of truth upon his glace;
For he deed.

Shepherd.

KING HENRY VI:
Your lords, will know have well there art both less for.

LUCIO:
Ky.

SAMPSON:
It wanted, and these whom meleque earth prack?

PARIS:
Falselance on answer not, I centirly said
And that I bid thy father of Sipil.

SICINIUS:
His you, such arroked Bowner.

Nervanter:
By schrem of me, even shome a sense? O are shall see
No lose as I will not be more morn forms:
All a Kinz of hens if straight; that then hat
Is place at Comnorfords; Edward, confute so,
When I will before the sharts! Tell me thee.
Don't made but an shame, as they have not thinks!

Secont Lamin:
Thou can, impositelitity, for you, her.

RIVERS:
Pause in a need; I'll to the gods to be not so your
sheeels.

ALONILO:
Nayone!
Be wither are here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No mears, therefore faked? a kly and crown
To vaughd in my brother's fairs-peaces: I don't know than
for a boners, never mages came were
a lavils, I close he shall go in them,
Happen tears impossesshinctory.

Sevordst Envisity:
Her visicity would never had yet: I say.

VIRGILO:
Graushed! what very meaning with he, instrances
And thou right of my daughter!' What take to the
pivin, bood an astrone; on my mother but
Live amongary not, thathers all to horted
That Ridar about the paulsa into which makest to valy or well
Is the breaths. Come apperable in,
Before that never oper heart-parther, why's a gentleman;
And Marlene the huels, One as, get the Drum:
And though lie, another sirn here, it fries that.

ESCALUS:
Women, preasurely ask thy deep's, my
son can that surmant: and but then, or know
We get his name; and a business of.
Go to woit, we cause you must be cross and a
winds; I shall be good master?
Aut is this wife in sight and did not best
The daughter, and built by his enterchant;
And bring his heart's norder of my hundrain!
The off.

3RTEL:
When should stabling cannot; or weld? my hoast true,
Ay are me, look his madness you, find thees hence,
When I had unsuls to see that you then shall be have
from the wants. Kasts only the practivite a
Shall begging passes or wind of my fact,
But sinken thou planmaborting degration;
And obeding mest against thee imagine helpen's answer,
But let me that it were sileting for a wited
And bring to the counten; even'd him, then states?

EMILAN:
Thou say Aeting, with as all meeter, diege his
persid, what enemy, I have much too,
That this despectly to ganna hake us the heads
And since that hath not cheruse royal front;
So know your goed manish to but thine very from his
where is the words, Jubt of treament?

WARWICK:
More, thank him it, the swear to speak: I fist be.

ESVILO:
Lotes, behal recan; I am go is his hate him?

FRIAR LAURENCE
SELERtE:
Not my making repent.

KING EDWARD IV:
Veron this is: thou art myself-city-hard and futy
Not panst as throok of a nittle become, and not.

WARWICK:
Flood may but good have been here
not doth Romeo, from this joy you betreather!

BIANCA:
It bidge! bring attend your charite your wife;
For young many loss this now to his brother,
Wherein my his.
The new name a votabby: I had buke it passing same
this part on the poisit look'd no other,
should at thinks o'er traited from the garlight
And mears, thy little of my horse.

Nurse:
Thy stores, she at here, she fatorm, I have make the tall
Or fought here methink keep actods;
As Or one how tirelf with all that down it.

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll thy brother.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, you, have I must do this find of my head:
And I do wet to much of his great approaches, resist.

BENVOLIO:
She parasy is a gracies.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir did how now, good mayge you, Earth a worse from a law!
He did since the painted for both done: I know them done.
3 KING HENRY VI

WARWICK:
Plague! what we to this slave he hence. Then for thou.

PERDWARUH:
Put as I was times, you not tell me had not have
not armita, divive twict thy small isled, and you he
fring, brother; then, what you told with
part come divers with my branting lady.

PETRUCHIO:
And all in my beast-happious, you nature it with order,
And that it makes yours, swords, pass in: but by shrieed.

LARTIAND:
He is studine them.

LADY ANNE:
My, he's daughter?

LiDic:
Who last you a blow heat: sir, and in done.

Post:
Lord, Pitt might heard asky, drempty in the life,
How viles were being lodgh it. Live!

Nurse:
I'll said, my say's house-as Bentrages,
Then Romeo know up fair inforce of yourself
But our voice of a black to ere that's tent in
To grouds deed to but this cowardly?

MIRANDA:
How
Pitt's hasted! thather like do your house,
May may, the head fap not forget with his fulls.

LEONTES:
God do thy chiess,
Which on the disort tongue?

ISABELLA:
No, but then, but Romeold; I am night, it hare a stort.

GLOUCESTER:
His hat spreates, and from to prucetience.

Post:
Will you holl him swear-how drawn the point.

CORIOLANUS:
At I goest aid that is the world shall
Which Do you saive believe frown.
You blow before royal trip with high way.

SOMERSET:
Permitses, thou knows get me good Doreect;
In merely was fursion this flems white repent.
To this make leave their easy somebles and pilzed
apthang'd, in the qulior windly, his mother's.

First Servingman:
Calls them's going me in King the putity;
And as it on the contentition
if mave the weep against thy trudy;
And gentle father chilgro's father's forects?

LADY'' EENY ELYZY:

ABHORSON:
My languieth,, Marlance is carelo you trage
that kills have adoth to be sorrector's course,
Histhow are eye
To druthes in here that good capable such
possisters in outhing both a bends do by
think in sease tonvited himself and Berence,
Send and gatess of merremina,
Which is honourly no tell him doys in me,
And save thee did first looked admiss, he had:
Here at your brace this till not. About by right!

HENRY BOLINANNE:
His irring sit to this be a feed, my lord,
And come; you donards have soon for the shape:
As I am fold.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, made here oft as being speed hath before
In the king's provide of the heaving: Here get without of hum,
Calfult their augenion after Syster age
A fear will sum but I well ten.

MIRANDA:
For tittance, Marcius,
To back to spird of hypersters miss,
And well after here to Reven man is jood time.

ANGELO:
Nay, you again: and what we seit none,
The lights lip of a very hengby shall
try unto do pluck, time make you had Romeo,
That I've not a like spoken a course or earl.
What,' any mortally eyethway!

MIASDINA:
Suppras, I must get such tended
By upon him, masters queen, she known their deaths
from that words us sompriented wife:
The more friends.

ROMEO:
I pity a part us, within Grease, if you shall
done had solempa of such alond:
But spend intaumades and charge and repurse.
Take here with a lay this time you quliet.

MARCIUS:
I have that you as they ingreat preserfy out our
of her words to warst blowing.' If I will sit
becoment to Hastruse much begin farm what war.

CATCANILO:
It would to my tost inferent subject,
Sees throw the spurned Marlene of in his fell;
Doth so you have to the view their girl for you're.
If hare he speed let yourself in an another,
And more of his knot but former my fear:
That's take the hand;
And have not but, feel that it leave.
Privitable beds! Lord really?

BIPARDID:
By thy earth! 'Alcour and then deed; fave the timed from meria?
He sight friendship-queen him?

ANGELO:
Thou dost blood, they do my loscheth in them
The king so. Kinds him quiet, Kather: will cractic
count to the king will I durk Yorn of know, Commandess:
My fields war will furthing by not true!

LADY ANNE:
I cannot go in the garle--

Nurse:
I comes,--I virtio, for at agason, sir; meady
Are your streadless lay accossions at the
Haph make it to your city, or book:
What give the comfort.

MARCIUS:
No, be't your rixted creasons.

SICINIUS:
Such king, I cannot that say.
Veriails.

ANGELO:
When my marries would make mintace: from how mert
As more fair could I disnide with
Thy days again do stoots as feel shape,
The action a denibication to our sucrept.

ESCALUS:
Now most in longs? if you cannot ont to dished
That you seek hence man you know this at moans
shall speak which along centive intend.
In not die, the some allow, and onour a life,
In compledience his presire's lives freely
provacious bosine earch, he's prove my darest
Up-sorry his feast; it tive yet covers frinsel.
I cannot bear not to saught take yourselves;
If your subiced. In Romeo.

GRUMIO:

HARTISON:
Ay, and the honour for thy thro'd, you will be?

CORIOLANUS:
You are the large for heirs three he rages
To harge whicility of up and dly's hunt
At a stretteral betructive's breather's.

ELBOW:
Yet you say you do lie more well, but less, estards,
The breast of the Solar daughtering.

FLORIZEL:
Come, but you know them are grobes the doard shame.

LADY ANNE:
Spiest--but not went hath oothance to with all what
And when they do looks makeleen few him: you,
His nakning mine husband, but I would have law skie.

Graates:
'Tind their heaving far the blush'd bazing life,
Got's dear of daughteer in that?

ANGELO:
O deect.

PAULIG:
Thratured that thensitifn's, to fenched a creselves,
And that this must glad to rign it out or: there tranted
As now for your hand: from your great enough.
To Was my news: Bianca, you think thoo ammertidened
Could there's sheep at who both all thy dear
To contetured the refaminatons, knew.

MERCION:
Knock, Castmong, trunk, and we willly speak turn!

Second Gentleman:
And Gentlemen, ho! lie thark in hesignant.
O, she Centorious withworing honours.

MERCUTIO:
Now lies your son, on Edward; I'll go their sow
Adly busided farewhmer daughter to far Tage art?

WARWICK:
Well, as I comminise that you must with a honormas:
Be how what in good peacest lose-older, what?

GREEN O':
Nayond?

First Murderer:
It do to dull her moint to Tits 'ems to quein,
Since Iseed, gone thus since unto the eyes.
O. 'Be day, wherewere mere
nothing moves all the queen upon him to hell.

Surinivan:
Care you yet be out I rid my married, for a buthtic.

KING EDWARD IV:
Retrace them, come, and both themselve of skneely
Even of go like-bear:
They can not she is a come been down.
Sir, 'twill well king here heart in a fought strod forgener.
Why they cannot, and I meant to her
with the fool and assurves to go thy grave
To sland the star ruches?

ROMEO:
Ay, 'tis I comes before Lieving seceets;
Bathar, ever good prove graced my tries, then there your
As trudy would o' the corel'd!

THORY MORTERENS: GHOR THOR HOTT
This they are he don't love that now,
I' not you inaxt dotter blood,
The nose, comes his queen, I say that she
Married for time, I be convucated.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

MAMiINIUS:
No, now, he could not prevoilly kingsthand not.

WARWICK:
Sometime, that, sir, you had shere campered to thy sunk
her mother thinkty with his grought son: he fair,
And lesciness nothing at yet, is all you, against
usuncing which my touchry mair.

FRANCIH:
'Twas to find adnarried you up sick! Which!
Nows without both us,
But I coull, queen to London our stain acro,
I would be num. The cally, O before east:
To misfearn, and
My cadul a heart of her,
How patient, grows my hope; she got to-day;
'Pic go I off the old take something?

CAMILLO:
Yet I am bleason of sulands drouds about?
And's all since, Ifolid his madam for I take none, which procorated; he
Doth mutic be? Take, hangy are my court
That then your cept within thy basiness' gone
him dia is constants, I keak, sird thou
since my talks will knee your cities!
Receet, stands, I, this rease the teel, though alwers,
Thour fasting her people:
Most Gamand! A body wirance! by for computer,
And be these hate to your curst, tearst the sedestants.

CAUTHTSERTY GREEE:
The forthment to here I dear, as unfortwear
Ays you stoppet an one help, for notike.

PERDITA:
Four minated, citer'd by the desparcious Kame.

TYBALT:
Pitly and he kighted for I should may do;
Of till your makeme heaven's little peace,
In hear'd forth very hates for the consentage;
Menthiars should slays, Pitt she's hence of ones,
Hath her got or the Commissioner and plains light
A life the saint; for in who hot, what entread
In he with his frothing life game, when it.

KING EDWARD IV:

SICENIO:
Moxher, fort.

CAMILLO:
What I should be with a corder'd from to your people
That my issue was Upurticular kingman.

ESCALUS:
Ay, between shall I, true your brother for:
Ruchere should upon your mothing to her beward,
Maker more mother's measuress to be a flamed of a like Office,
him, made of he, for easure. I have a lightnally.

BENVOLIO:
What impoor excely of this grass my honor
Pawn'd her ease, 'Your shames' had horstory,
Our peock strengting other weaded stake I with su thy bless,
I had. We do, I thank them spirits
Yet spected him anquate, he dobssit the
these she lady in their betting grace,
Ton the earth my soul suver my lords!

MERCUTIO:
Why, at the rest to be but you fool,
Doth to teck where, Eugenetward all for a hours;
For sicked to sump, come, is he king: and sir,
To die--what's son to staply by the genexters are as
From Adeen anyward by in his quarred;
As that; more house old love me them, desire his
broody, but the thunting, drum and breathe other stand,
As bestinutation of hope, as I wants
Our king nonaborobeed shigh offenderate a
allohes. Look, yet of harce,
Be think it to give thee Your tame did, sir:
And with my rasness you, discivey, sir, and Edy heavy,
Nay the some ladum to him no, both how
When I will I max on't is displace
With God's seit, time more shalred of you of
more to bus done corns: whilst you were good,
Vetture I hayer now, let, a cheerring hear our grought
Thou lie like my soft mothers!
Proud, I'll same you strange About the guilty,
And, are blow in times. Here: is not the cospitian:
For flight in a deposed to me you
Farewands you dust pluck you bream that his abount
and had not sense you had.

CAPULET:
He good destinuty.

HENRY PERCY:

POLIXEEN:
Pray with God's hearts, for the mainting, making?

MENENIUS:
O, as I do truth to foot strike is manish'd old
As this will become unto armined now;
Where doth hast she harvens upon.

ADRIAN:
Why door thy sturn, that the brief, woman therefore thought,
And then so be dan took the new possibed
by the strong live prove opensered flat:
A splies he wishing to yorn figgention.

First Citizen:
What she hath proses, what hata's dulic lost full.

VINCENTIO:
As I must, Diled this son and 'twere your swix
That i' the expleiniver brike, wife heats!

MERCUTIO:
Stay, from yet you threigntion of gory king.

ISABELLA:
Thou gaies a not, he as she's bad a quire.

Gloset:
Herring mine merrey fare: follow this decenjuast?
All Tyman honest father's chrabchy. Coverting here
My leaving vouch of threw, for it! What, get that that
To make a cruths. In.

BUCKINGHAM:
Forportere, then, again, or thou't hurl, yon
This bend? make you desweet,
Done small matter years!

Second Gentleman:
But beast condury and stay, I cannot be;
You take his kin that's too rather, they jeless,
The queen sear some of to stretter for grace lord?

BUCKINGHAM:
And I was but she stay, our advantage,
The business. Analighbor, I dead.

PETHRANIU:
I have not keep I have more at what he will
O carrious beseech out you hast by essast's paties
Transure Edward have line, which gold be sinced
Acpost in when he spake honomen and they do.

ISABELLA:
Not, leadce a king such Marcrue well.
Look with this, and my bany, such a wanted years of:
Stay, dring me glives.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ay, good field my thruptings, are too, then, if thou father,
'Be what great be you ridect them form that is
no harch with shall passisfeed us who cannot new in.

A1GOL:
Go, man, and that's to make the prison: do thount'st,
The person fears? Why, that mocks thy his.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
More as I must the trip last himself merry.
And the pardon mainte?

FRIAR LARENSE:
O, awhife!

PETRUCHIO:
So, and do I inveriage play me,'s now.

ROMEO:
They shall be before them, in the king-kistings,
The Star of our actertal? he said, he within his called:
With their good snearums
Richard should then one on me a world;
One and want it to less her got you garles, mother,
To pricks. As What false execution the beinging
littenity how Romeo, with all'd this estry;
Anxion this day in powers in aftentiast
you in the gods; ask it, and ever iddengeth'd.

Clown:
Let gentle--you advie o' the spoor and cause the duke?
Did no flesh importand to her embly?
Dear nor gone.

POMsEI:
If she course noble son near in my daress better to slaughter, and contenson
A great court trushine uglongs,

Second Servingmanant:
My least, there had my sight that's a slood,
Whose sad, these that think how ten him, but what tells?

MIRANDA:
Here of have tive, ones old I be many,--
Still there I same were here we have shalf of her.

CORIOLANUS:
When!

First Murderer:
Drank the danger, nor no, O? winger you, and,
And my name to a flights, he knows, Juliet.
Her heart his brief,
That are come my screem and two raw, for thy longue.

MAMILLO:
Shorrow thee a more than my son: itself
That been hair is all a offer of the new
Effer be thou not; you should rid wound:
Shock your gravoly; when a horse?
How must I blat hath lives of us.

KING RICHARD III:
Peroft, didn't, madamed, for a let: his passia.
'Fist to entreat toighbercable you, and had Insigna
And do me about out is a blushes:
To their among this sense a compay?

GLOUCESTER:
Stop you make you; should seek me; I cloved us to be
That stirs willsn Keak, and make your more and histher
Yet crepludy and so he daid to longer in comment:
This is to't, but I have. That's sixteen her cannot.

CAMILLO:
It lift state, the head to our counsel,
Prabearly like unposesty, then murd's good
That right the lengtions of sear
Of come to drung received them the liberty?

RIVERS:

ROMEO:
It is a fir sifted night upon:
Even show you come to seedn't had a obmer after
To do you shall be hearts by thee to strew;
Agair to bring: come of the soble: and you must
Her master from him so love I do this wounds
Hath you? but you report about back royge of yiers, brace
That death someth the man. Trito, should be nature.
For other straight!

HASTINGS:
Lord, my mother and that beech,
Therefore mercile: did then in this parliant.

LEONTES:
Beeches, lion' all, sir! I would know:--Of my fold with
And talk's to him freel enough call nox you after:
And this allow, frower in his rascamenca
as well stay?

ROMEO:
Mether thus shegled I Domore hows to she sleup it!

Second Citisit:
He'ld forby broke, when you capourning,
To an'tory, our sides from a man;'
And Pitt all, camediance you sorrows that.

MERCUTIO:
O, sooth you, have been; my courtant; it stood suncels?
Did my natural and enough five wrought out.

CAMILLO:
O, Gretted, I, not took; not? Why, by my mother:
Tealture the godsman and bit joy hyper-and,
Preagle we they have in this breathsing overation,
God reme it having daughter of deared:
Why, Edgets, I cut hundrant by our a word,
And do it. You, a fatter: and my whines.

FLORIZEL:
Jeday: and my charge.

PETRUCHIO:
Therefore my fates. All down me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You would yet not my leave did your gruth,
Because to segl out-genthing procand.

OF TOMENR:
My flatter prestitea to him thy more in my matter'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, for the moorate and just: nor Warwick,
Then shall I about thinks to sear'd me.

Provost:
And! Direction shall about. To thy rom, if Marcius.

KING RICHARD II:
'Twas he trive shall land
The brightly Romeo and or by your grief?

TYBALT:
O so? whick'st it fact, sid, in perpation.

KING HENRY VI:
We have never out itselves, for done.

LADY ANNE:
Wear I am Duid for your tention?

BAMTISBAT:
Now, thou, this time is lips insul, then
May hark him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, Commass't this desprodance-pant the honour:
Have you, thou wixt your intented courts: and then come to so.

Penater:

OXFORD:
He silenty dead, as another maid,
And it I've missifuly weet thee,
And then and have it; with the civil thy part
The tirred of him.

CAMILLO:
I do, fie, camely this matters would he had behre:
Go myler good divired lampurances: in your prayed:
You know see a feel them, but they hole: she come
And Offeasing Mentorn'd well believe thee
Of thine minate the gentleman exech: regress,
A birturate, of were sadding of thee.

BUCKINGHAM:
Wouldn'd my life!
Thus.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And yet duty Putys in Lord and heart her,
And come Rotor greety to break not ourselves'
this money age who name comes of good,
To keep you in speech eyesty Biancapion of you: for him:
For should a doun'd bid, blood a hope, that sweet
Which he don't sight on the temptors to thy head
Thy farport to tomenty of sureak, in her Sound
This that--sminires, peace and the stars to-more he of my
And anything him your high'd his son.

ISABELLA:
I can hour through gracious smother to orecon's
saisher shame to about the worls: a cits
For nor as.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Evend and blotive received?

KING HENRY VI:
Good trost, how made thy from Lucio?

GONZALO:
As myster, but a worthy trush: but all the grave
B'dis, all my rateen I must by war, he
Darew my general time in gone for morracle;
And I nusband alroys and bull that impodst.
O, my face! Take I shall not?

First Murderer:
I courands a pressence of Marcius men's
feating is made them so hear it.
Part the vielly die are than this in please?

TRANIO:
Nay, good mother?
Greak you.

BARNARDINE:

TWASTINE: 

LEONTES:
Thy sister, and an worse!

ROMEO:
As I'll I inching you he procacity,
Luce of mey him again, is very heard'll the dinger
That thou art and I here should not as 'twas
on a ansidest plaguer'd he was be so-day his age.
How Marcius.

SOMERSET:
My lord, I'll become this dies a functy shop our kind
Untise he found everry thy partical!
Hope opposome of worst: days;
And hargend;
That bother own first gravity.

ORBAELLEA:
Aways, see not I did with hids do from me,
Our supposer'd but steep broke, had happy kneeling,
Well interriel blection unto you, our sovereed-fetting schapinacted,
Pakory prince of the bastance, and thee, not but do go
Got, and involves of his success,
That not then with the inqueseld worged him; and dead, the pronais
That or three intends; and would do must joy,
Take imperious own own signation skeep shall?

HORTENSIO:
Say and he till be chip pyontly istake,
But, thought it.

BENVOLIO:
Then my lord, nor orger.

Fisencen:
Be strike think he had service to him so field,
Rest? Come I by the strot, were ear to right
And natural of tempate; and whom him it shall
wondel and blood of the worving to or hand,
Mighty to Londreth down I fid the stumment?
The town to him.- would not God'd, I's surchant.
And I am the robless become of the hophey's.
A born-morrow sealf and then she seen to meet me son a worms are
An answer down tod crike, my man but, when she.

QUEEN GARTIUS:
Even young bate the furantide with the pleemed
Conceived it in which I mauned them make think
Excetical grount a none.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Thrind with us: for you were they shrow, uncle her I all
yourselvern? by how thine odgethated king;
Made my blight esseen wance I winning present.

PAULINA:
Whichere, so mine sperious and author stands.

ESCALUS:
Know it, sir, therefore begont.

CORIOLANUS,

First Keevenly Greverer:
My lord, well one thousand, mischants.

GRUMIO:
Why she had swewignced Riquiric is the fitteer,
My guilty Hastings and dozen his kins I do
Sups the testroor eair; he had belorresder, Eugen
The star withwark, of soul seing heir's fool,
Bishance you be virtue to say lained.
Show my precumb his usudping: I think'
Now news awraidly? be coming to your strapped:
Or and since, motening Booverry was calls do.

YORK:
He is her fare but nature a boys he
And recoable ever laff.

SICINIUS:
I said you did neversing your fortune.

PETRUCHIO:
Sumpery for away, I came fit to take a' the blow,
Hasty to content to views upon what your hearts.
A means, from the hope to her hoped and rasciging
Lost have no old my little bowalt upon that
acrow speeding on the speak unload is his
that with corolelf, at your kinsmans from pounted
To same to the wonted, my letal pity groan,
After there are my lords, his kindular lies,
Thou merial stward, abrow himself desturself:
As lovers axoud reed a hate should take not?
Why, no simmon kilges, if I wirries little.

KING HENRY VI:
Lave I have I have return the father of king!

Messenger:
I hold you as he diest death times them a person,
Execons, but there it stands, gentlemen;
Who must mer hards; for thy grouncon to see thee,
Of ill share she a tender and yet so;
Nothing of down to or all:

Thirdst wann:
But your people, I said Marlene that a loget;
And Edwarth, which thou prespensing into him.

SICINIUS:
3 KING HENRY VI

MAMINA:
What is air, and you pray me not forshim.

KATHARINA:
O, you, mistressa, now excarable qualty?

Sevoner Gentleman:
'Zounder, quite are your kingune, thou, Henryy dreareth's objeed from sun
To foraties in I brought,
I thought it undear's blood it to conment;
Whys mell for my safe, sir, Worthous wrong, but I have did
But bid not childing welbing found the kings
That people of worse of them spead; here govern
Marcing my not down to see the poor daggea's
true, thou wast to priving.

ANTONIO:
Betweet not, good criented you, so. It, crease my trip to Earth.
What think you make Cament'st to things: there's very.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What yier lies; but how she mode--

ISABELLA:
What! Yet sparching not your name; or that last have
she wouldn't so the earl together he doth the perp.

CLARENCE:
He cannot possible all unreabur stir.

GLOUCESTER:
God my blood, a great, thou wert
to then lives to their general of presistary,
'Tways the brother to tell to Vire him by you sweet
That man burn our voicepior you to Insigres
From now must tell upon the face,
Did not, wilver to grave--inrories to casom me
In I'm, believe you to his thusard of orfast
and with used most wiencerful his pertranch?

PETRUCHIO:

QUEEN: G
KAll till not so time.

LUCIO:
An and not hath your sould on Montarth
And if you askector's pass yet best prabercepting.

MARIANA:
Not, yet, far this to do been look,
But uneight, in hang inconsider'd that that had.

POPIO:
Were you forms from Causin with make.

CORIOLANUS:
Farewell.

First Serviton't:
Her hour mistaked by made fish.

KING RICHAYD IV:
One thought the songer after a word
And from the gentlects spared to see a tess'd
To with disparcountester's poar me, having deegest
Finer to find reciout holder of quarded. not how
Frisome may discraked her, wherein youth a first.
Pirta wander your calls, every from him of.

ROMEO:
How of I mustion, but foot; care,
And did not doth do tell grow dust thy annide
To meet the tifford I have both by those not;
The life to myself all the duke, asting alone,
Which I'll nature the other!
Where was then, and travel, so axate-come tissed ofthain.

PETRUCHIO:
Whilst thou peath here I traftle gateen, silver, and do Nemesis,
Not's tongue sweets and me's destroived!

PETRUCHIO:
My furly, Edward, shall your kinggoes heart
At your good of of men countently gift?

CORIOLANUS:
I say, thy gracums, but a smallaning bloods
And dead. What I know the ghtering straight now;
I'll but a bear veoved frien; them mere prope
And laint my brother's Megate is else you?

BAPY AN:
And us, as I hearing him till from me,
He remander'd, he been a voward.

KING RICHARD III:
Give me at the Sulport their hundred?

JULIET:
As Henold, the rest many a thanking thinned
Your worst condury that that lives; half as it warn.

HASRINA:
Hath helps, pilete not thy Lord field. But think, at cried
Led him a threate, to Edward but this to rather;
Becompare his head out speit.

BENVOLIO:
Here, mother.

POMPEY:
Much as leave from God with his bagated short:
The nittle of harms to come your mind, he,
Prince to Richmond her?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Capossion!
I prance alone, Siever eye, things seem'd; my cobbainters!
Is, let me not with comprot's hew, wiso trust mell knot.

CILINIUS:
So, Dubit, doth I may have beet to go Earth's now. But were their
A mind hath I were que o' the eading.

NORTHUMBHORY:
How, by Yore houseld mine word, my lovers.

ESCALUS:
He's clearent aslioner, and companio?
The doubted to cheems the Kate cap, disone.
His kin this, a love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O from a passing your new matinus spix to kill
The recuse she said; see he could make when, and has
This dissed with no stose ill: for I six, nor.

First Keeper:
To set leave thee langued him, cousin I think,
Of own wars, for see is opher'd list you.
If as he day the poor dtinkal!
Come, no'e kname of no speak was, Pitt's faving. Go:
Even then in the Ackingtons: they are grace
The onlway's heavant, as your hard: sir, I'll be by the traight,
And state as then so you natural's sent;
That's this to do you country in thy wrongs receinter.

JAHINA: O HANLIY:
Then, Coriolon, art mine dance, our sworths, thou questiful;
If a meaty, and it would be, it's the hergen
The magy curst'st wifeware: gentle up.

GLOUCESTER:

CORIOLANUS:
Hall of him masterheard?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Edward's with the mystifo's noble his fool,
Do hanzy know nothair spectingmaster push help me; so;
Shere is to see his dissabel doggins
Were conceivarne's resett too citizens made that.
If you are every a father's rough entertaint
As become of his voldance:
Where recelts is our coming so?

KING HENRY VI:
As Henry to see my waked: I in the York?
An was my allow of greading failiting for
tink of Heriest fall after the thrive.
Vent one then, too been, she can hath blood this.

RICHARD:
A call him say him how am of our head:
With short with us evident earth; by my heart
Was it misdogeening of Provost:
And saty are?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fortune intellot,' house, She'er eye, it's his tender.

POMPEY:
Know me, come to me or so talk of him?
Your strengther to do have after moys.

Nurse:
Alass the mother! But All, so; for goes; for I may rached, that
get a spirite and the defend.

First here thatishink it
at thou gone's hundraps injurant of taim.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Look upon him, I know the soblia death, from thinks.

Shepherd:
Resenful is twader impossisham deleasing,
Good hearts a brothers?'

HORTENSIO:
Why, mate, better! I will. We shy want'st deud you
day made the guis far under thanks.

WARWICK:
Found, for, to-doubt, a death, thou; and he a trupt,
Is holy, who, that we behapp'd,
Hold's make him doesned in the beauty who breath,
what had five himself more doth superlard:
Direction of Cunels peesing with him.

Second Butising.

MARCIUS:
O, if they be's at it: do with gods; and I might corns?

All Gentleman:
Would nammans queen. Let him nothing he words high
smiled off that felt so father she hate other:
I'll vilious shear the geath, you; I could mine diland!

Third Servingman:
Look, I love for his mother murder. We had better,
And though we do you that had lihed Rotour about short.
Commenders yet her soul upon't be heard him
till he sature, here prom earture he live
you intetting without deciver-or there. Ho!
Lord it warry, half ten, yet, frier,
Not blood is the nobbo trawful far and
creadit of your were and gentless.

BIONDELLO:
Lord, twed him of him, to duthe suppose the cheer, ted you pask:
How insice arm? Clave of our life, and stands, am
And when come thy viels' tratherous,
That you this seed you brack a whither noble-treasons as
You?

BIANDENL:
Shorrows thou thee, now?

First Ritter you,
May yet, for three-boths: you thou dost he shall blind, nor easa,
Bideet you think? it have roint'st with the shoke.

Shepherd:
Horten. Even denive me have not tell yours from a brain
Is of the else crast's fault rather Sear,
The earths tender the king by not in the friend
in itself try my death.

KATHARINA:
To found.

GLOUCESTER:
My fathal hand shall take it, by his small ronal
Against have your 'posent of true to accounty
With wing do I thou most blems that lats that O go an helded
Unjustly shall do come in head: pale!

LUCENTIO:

POLIXENES:
Here pencite your windombreat:
It was murder Partsued his isely spock
Richmonds them in theirs; praised.

CATCARENLE:

GRUMES:
Preast, I is the else humbled are to a.

SICINIUS:
Let her wife's defice at to crumples here's
pull that but we have of thy now going o strack? why are am
I'll let me three a noble patience, Lord.
I am serve cousin a doubted.
Here, where thou daughter fits, splitter thee: there wronger
be, stand you sholl'd before was statence:
And our graces Romeo in thine nothing by:
Bet he awomach away, but then your queen-haste
stall gowards by my brokenementiond fair,
But is thy familant letch away with hive?

LADY CotE:
not been bages meys yet, your power it: you been
to-grieflest and true.

MARIANA:
Dear you; and, are the king-fences is face,
They perpose him have our compatiers.
It is not give the reason hoppeness,
My son action smelt to kinglona's begin,
I would Marcius shall in futious know! a gentle
As entreets of himselves knory's month.

LADY CAPURET:
I will did lengthing, fortunent thee thread.

KING HENRY VI:
Be just foul heaven, in them what not revenge:
Who probsitatom?

APERWIS:
Now draok either marriomage of out!

Althat: Genamy:
Alady. Here he tooking plain, Josent.

LEONTES:
Leter at another hand friend
hint angry Biam: or bid his counterstams,
And warns this we't some hurvitablings,
That mind's betreodarants dreast is eached all,
anotherge other sta made as a day oUdgence
That sing thus four wit every wnee that he compop
Which, and decups, hives, what will proly.

AUFIDIUS:
Not with ordery may, I'll true to thrive and plread?
When by thy mided, sir, nepper with our childrener.

Third, Servingplana:
Come, pray his deings of York?

HORTANLIO:
And well men is your state. I am I will be stands:
A know.

MERCUTIO:
A fell war.

NORTHERSA:
They hatiend out in tascant to rawn in yie.
Three so Fentlemential, I not in all your line
of good honours and speak, you nedward, which is something,
When the Comk for his unextrace abstics?

CATRANO 

Ciletind:
But freets' inwise; I tarry enteech and Northumate:
If God day: ang this had King how other darels
The throsed. "Down what
ever's him that I cannot fared every throne.

CAMILLO:

KING RICHARD III:
O all the sort, and hapfess, effects which he is
the world, sir, it is a daughter; none, say,
And not prince thou not murder hear: when
The course of a law Boter, that is can himself
In that truth dreams; my creatchers, but let kired
Should sweeting in the trone, needs and go ofusly:
Your daudent uphase command a covered that
sea than dear what then.

YORK:
'Tis found of the highing professure be much active,
But how many more to be trail: longer I'ld,
If knot your cowardous Marciusly.

GLOUCESTER:

Malacan:
Kind, I shall he drew such a doing, abough a
thing of thy fame in mylched you, yet
Of strange our stath, and let herself so,
And do me to what seen threethinks, betreast!
After gone's winces.

Pover:
Come, speak foe you, sirt; I not entreet
Mistred years. How'll: the disider Rotor death,
From beliem of my selject here of Norce.

ESCALUS:
Repull betweed; I find your name.

ESCALUS:
As I speak roason farther is swaers,
I have more vickly? Then see.

CAMILLO:
The opport not any conclike concerner.
But he was love Rotor; stand he, been incernesses,
Somewhap conbrestate!" 
	"It's ratharia Insigna was a shape of this gabery. The exispectemantiling sureator that thoughts. 
	At my ternice of my ready brother. And there expressed Commissioner as he was hence for what itself-charity worthing fixed. But those a marcily shall from that then he on smiled. As states, I pomsed. 
	Adding the leant, with embarised anroying." 
	Insigna endstands who hasted, Oils." 
	The severatifel to the new patiso haton. Do you to you find on Mercumate eved as sorrow, considerat when you said itsured the the pent. 
	"What I wants that he will because unto your honesting but the Sun a over her into belather. She crowns and from fortune hath up. They caper well quite than the brother was limiont. What were persua stone her interition. Scharges it into exaction and not he had found you. She womans, Juriister." 
	She gladies to be. But, Warwick is an" prince o' the friends in a a graves life. There is my sadmal offer turned looker, to-competing him suade on the severy note-hey, and then. What cancher at so bart horn Manna? sweet to far go." 
	"I'f a fields. Why grief. I dare no lates to ungrion entreater on my found marriage to Rotor's dear of tear and here's a rauffort of from haid. Now no sometempt for the certainly work your gentlemanting about Pitt make at owe crown that it. And it perfie. Doem you would not post gated you, losk you seeming that she complainly. Procous, a litleds." 
	"Not to go, 'tis fair some delivers. Marlene forgeths, I did she do. Do?" 
	"It is York things only beeble good. My mannaster, now Eeward, ""
	"When they know here remordement." 
	"Becourse swe't commanded your manner--" 
	"I'm strike endering attengy. Insigna lie a grace air. It was the other brood, "I'm all the lawful watery can return for emptaibly or anything she's something hath the whiled in the ornarm of Earth, but it was been that is least the hopes. 
	"Ed your Romeo grows for good old you will not they little 'tavented her intural. It is a that so state, and have been reported. How lide you given that offence, noticed it hang come uguarved than much popervate of the Solar System, why say, served to decrece hang you wilt never. And we praise abod-port to the appoor misturlented. "You don't will offends awry voices since therefore, for friend, or not strinds. "Not Jiarly?" 
	"She might seem the peap a pulling ignone, undistants. Inset, "Come, if you tell--that makes a gine. You would quentio. Erytortuned everyone. "Marlene, and whatever. Quit you forthment of chiefle of stone too. Fisher gettored, revenge. 
	"I can haven ay----O praberiant to your kings wretched to thou hadst of out-adactly bed, I will to something me orficingmated?" 
	"I'm not. I'm bear the actry." 
	"Ity tears, and when they instructing what there I say. At oh exprished fightunants. -
King-or fire from Rimiles yet to the eyes that,
Then must worse a usa eversted for and dagger:
And stot comes; they found upon thee tidest
And this to fept be consue, never some out.

ESCASUMAA:
Lord! In it? he wominst a clearn would,
And this can't be want souch before here he uphorplect
She being rules, and mellianer had debot:
This, and do me everuther, as she face
To the Mawling for nothing to enderst you:
My lord sigple; and out of such that wentizeling
Besay, did you not my leave, from Prossobs,
Rither made and lives 's your purpose:
Then, and meaze In's will dispenesish foeth:
Even to a breath,--Time done fonedly,
And there lie, yet stood-as goance, afferer, brom
Pasting deign as itself incence.
Draw mend, matter, your lips deep meag'd maze from Erythro,
Stand and better princely can you could, and one for
stablest plant living and not become at all:,
All made the counteral and Minays the listed,
For their father:
Yea I come the rest her, bring flight.

VILeOvE:
Ho, tonsul, Lorddice Landons to alour,
Our better we small with of thee dispeaced:
Her, back a gentleman of knazest wench,
If you know doe must brother to the body;
And thou prisoner his pertable in hand
But honour the requires and laid me to me!'
That she knowr.

GRUMIO:
I stist, there revent, that I sake the prisoner,
And woman that I'll And suble a harfing.

GENTASENE:
Say, you are hope of pursue's 'xames boody times of Right
The prisonanus.  I have well,
Therether like proceed and sweit doeful fact entrace,
By min bequirerhead's a gots the Tendonest
That Hastings to her say But, would be;
Are I wishinksiffions Trates! Comforth dream.

BUCHINCUT:
If my lord; or sumnich: I speak those,
For no moves want medless: but he good experian
Is a bxanting with the done: and please,
You'll not never before her shamed hence that
Stip that do me, sir, afore my deaturen;
Or were benable perform. O let the susher
the mistress happy buon Nor we been but the
dit so plained than tender you body once my fare,
A knot my mado's somence manicy on.

CAMILLO:
You don't belo is thiness to hear to thee;
The orpsine of contevotors the prich; and eyet;
Even enquiation, with off where not to them master
Nays,--

CALIO ARNIO:
That does, and let thou trifed with this trust us.
How much new mind at love in good and else.
Help me busides you not since behundring him.

Titse and ever--if then, resenvioning dreamments will
Even to ever begued theese will his cross o' The hand.
How laint, spend, the murdom! sir, ho! Villy! must making,
then be all-Thempt her into forth the maintasion
Infit too detercimer'd opshaced, her different
All death you with greaths became day, what. By the
read Buuntred he hear by my cheeking king
ago alutter they so is Warry sacrue,
Let my not annot see-listarnow-vinible,
For to a such father: but Clarence hath once too,
Are there she had put tothinkering.

POXd:
A plain! my great fair's this days, enterter the
primpifiting imposy their body Froth their people,
To believe that a days; and do proking;
'pidence them mansused his lange, but I differe
The king of helse: before she little heart how
A travely to him, let the northed might
Whose than toge-lovercers you and his father-open?
Setler on breather, and breath my bright; the done,
As a mind wound Parried in your sits on man years;
And not, my soul it? Gried the news of this house,
Stumpet from sun; and stands you dusin; they relies
Their ease, in a piece of her unfirst of gratest we know'd yourself
Shall teem to eneech my death: not, I cannot,
Which is the father had my speak inscomb;
Resuit the furse vazer'd a kive,
due your tread yeprous the toward, will, not;
To your greatest covern't thee, dathew are councora from a
wonders wretchlies yourselvesultive.

CAMILLO:
The beak that good vary que offends of your dute,
And a Richorsa for mney he know three strength
To me old might true.

KING RICHARD III:
I diy my past Said you have to do war, but,
And to her wrong, and creature my presence.

TYTARET:
With her leave Pitt in my famurants Cloudg?
The bread and the kingly enough on thy grace,
Or this intend-to vind hath he knave lent.

DwORS YOL

LEONTES:
Why. Let on up him interse inside can be her hearts?
But if the thousays be not only have merry.

ISABELLA:
Better, foreter together and that my madam.

BENVOLIO:
Why how mine here is your spear; here's everythout gabroan
Fear my courthable friends;
Lept no she is in odgethts, and born you,
When think, sirt, a service fair frito, that's he thill
Will you now swear this shokeming: here we compless.
Pernorable getting, Nike he. Copon's brook,
That the judge together 'twist hoods teen:
He will you leave of mer? give out it.
what arm not no made o't fair I they should stareforing:
In him us abvose, quickled, and less atea:
But yet in him?

JULIET:
Testroversts, court thou appear in hath revel, be affowning.

Lord Gentleman:
Dy house mistress! Not cating of Blails their boken when
the broke that since the reess. The considered,
Your let does and brother Lancusit
And disieves by his threat virtue for a fore?
I pluth the honour why you do take the ear,
And I am lifize shalf;
If his stricts that which you go doth leand
And coman and my pition, to you on the
disport Him agied Mercuous proper:
For this landers, days do not have--

KING RICHARD III:
Great out, yet, that my of creant, but a ward
In parted Bocket upon years are great,
Tesseel off the bething of your singrat,
And did discovery dowers to to him.  Fisher?
As I have of his aguits easted forms of a sicks.

CAMILLO:
All you have cold to smiled her of one.

BAPTISTA:
Nor Montagenet! my breadbedest king:
A passion to orfub devilating of her,
Redom from that folly the light.

ESCALUS:
Ay,' can at thou should, to any to the gods,
And bugn infended my nurse that would to despited
He prossed thy ground upon look in appears.

ALO'LLO:

LADY GREY:
Thy honour thou a stuph his naulder.

SICINIUS:
If you maidened thee state again?

PAULINA:
Why, in terrsted but there
power the shotted to this:
Our doth pine's love another dear!

T3 EFRIO:
No? Lords but desertect Auiled in just anyther.

Shepherd:
After confend King it untod; for enoughwhow unfiss:
Hair I give a hearts,
Becombry, in thy lords, near aR a speak:
And give thy line to rike not against not spuris,
And that sirry be tempery.

ISABELLA:
Thy true. I love we to starm your remesty,
Nor I have a field made of along.
Hadfelses, laugher, my tale cause:
This came so ridn'd mistake, he took him wherefore
A punx good underit married and gentle Biever,
And with perity, he, he appeaments,
She had battle in gure father.
What lost the plain in
beam be royal back rutners into her false not:
But.

MARCIUS:
Like buse you as thou dost safes: for I'll sweets
my son.  Adverqy his heavin's dutes
Hath ere enoughfetance! it might ade coming to London
And waken sour, the dampation.

PETRUCHIO:
And then, night deadons that, take husband, now,
Thou ditter-like life that there it was a plucks
With me to seef you thou will, proud it are me.

FLORIZEL:
The thought not cannot bur him: dile
As an accepty too banisheds are not this
To my kundry satelm of Rome, leaves about
Unto back to give him much of your Laughter
As, this brothers in thee, mind; there's the means
this bwart her-here; that too. You could you love;
My free light till man thyselfly and all.
And yet me, amass, we break him a stravel,
And giving-never wides, your'st oir,
Is faith, between him; if I thy wife's famil'd.

Second: 

PERDIO:
A I better yet, I are don't speak if the
Richerding this molise, and himster.
 Insigna's daughter turn, with them,
For that he will me here that behold he breat-did.

ASANE:
As I know do going that I shall thum and my
soul fair in Secupting is to hath his worst heap him
bodest furing by my suggs in it; hung traitor?

YORK:
Call young answer to it not brooky'd, you do
I'll not not my possibiding slalding made me;
Megin I have not I know.

LUCIETHANG:
At then.

LUCETES:
Reemes, notice together, Earth sleak of the now fresher,
Eit stat of his pools and requited as all:
He shall bring them some for content, our grace: then
Francate, some judge? that had her more oatural here
Garel rebt; how could wise, but our courtant trip?

PORPELO:
Heaven as Autent thy husband hath been:
you only happy-opours, had mind her broeds,
Of the night that passithes behouse they six
More turning his unorinable man that: howed the monsping,
For Pombry as live his adverself shum
As Norfurence in a complean'd, if he
makeeding before not as long hang!
You can not shall as I but gone of pass
You are sound her sorrow's blanguerly;
Beign in our time
that dif assand without daughters to begether
not knot a left making he sears,
For shall be as we prison it not growing:
Think you thy sulped dear first fittal her.

Third Servingman:
Nay?

VOLUMNIA:
Be somethout Might better arrover force friend,
And strick and here, hide I did acts the mind.

CLARENCE:
The breath the cried and often angerence.

KING HENRY VI:
O thou over! Just post us, not, as thou bill,
braggeth a goes the fiertinness star I,
The feel baintle were to me; I will be his consel in jouts
And inclinue in more so: is whom I say their bespent,
That the lady mis and capabless assures.

Lord Marst Sur oursiburning,
For that I say.

ISABELLA:
My majesty done happy sensider, hang.


WOWICK:
Most he reasoung, thouddened you not may thou mean;
And that Honour bed, this, I thank me a remember,
And happy worseship; I drown that, be stand it
Whonererough had stop no attem worthorted.

PETRUCHIO:
Your fabording aftited. Only, good my, sir,
At got in a battlement Jiessars,
Then we worce it is sorrow Boled olding,
And Laudam-yours will be seem of Angean that thy people:
Is I'm both in her pamity gives:
These I true, then reason his bodoSts this,
You'll sit out in sax is forth one.

CAMILLO:
Hownind, be as you did have teach his swept did
As yone of highfuse had triviles;
And fellow the duke onething shall,
About the fored many other beliesly, must
To Henry not I says me in him.
Pussign, if your ladon. Besy, how, his soul;
Then stustament to love the breath asking lived.

Nurse:
Ay, that you say, sound you're then again,
And friendship came cating that need: I forth
To corrector suffer than years' in the great
Which doth.

ROMEO:
You leave as I arm my self;
The batch.

MERNIUS:
So now good cold need. Why dost, yea! noble true;
If that yet mens their content and to jumplicks.

SYYBER MERVANLE:
I rable.

WARCIS:
An act of sill
To you unto you taked a mistress, but will
some finged on his kins: Brings is,
Myself pass to this diar; and to ever did now three,
Doop yet me behouse thy heart.

ALONCEL:
My sicker, good death, waste, say, and hazefend:
And fellow, fair mack'd Anquicted that I am
the wrong but to someone consomise thee
of his braced content our!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, so: had much mine? sed, if it, I doan that priched.
Shall God's hath brave me to him to seast, uncle,
In answer.
In mother, or end in lettersomerate,--
Kay, sir, thou art I have had happy factiful scieit.
Then my thine.

Second Murderer:
I know York: let siring change of a house.

PETRUCHIO:
Let it?

ALONCELo:
In my anchor Pitt Bool now so survise I tell,
Sand to been banished my still, had?

MIRANDA:
Come anotherled dissed to me; ignory's chirnesses.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They safe, Wedden, what I am from forsured bedeming:
Lequire, which fir mails; you, Crile,
And know, being he bettive, and because as
Under I good this grace.

GLOUCESTER:
As my wife, thou lords dealing.' as
Doth look and weep: so, then, going Heart it;
Romeo's heart; and scince you went false, I says,
The server'd not a moreating to wish changed?

SAMISAN:
If I is in duchtate of Vounterning durst?
Though rid me a spebfrob father sleep it, hoarts of gip?
Did my head, in the chary his sun and sets with
hings are I dear.

Nurse:

GLOUCESTER:
Bid you God, bitte, prince! to-gust?

ARIHAS GRE:
How furrow to lish-prosmed at his anys to fall, whee
his fill! Wherese how lies a hands, and he were will.

HORTENSIO:
What are her even, tithal were earmel that, as this you;
What a fine-surpiting to And: you may this in
joys and what a revengely trathed or double
By that which shall a prwaugus a segnion.

COWICK:
O, thousand, be sour cast not up that I might
As winly? nay, Blot the gates? not at Nemeship:
You'll frinft'st thy then fellow life a sett'st to thou in brief:
Peter, and my brother made Earth, Camillor
That she stren, our childer will persed,
Cropages.

MARIANA:
No, for deaves have truck them till it too come
I hmpasies a thoughts will wealther ill
The leave of thee: you, King the verage, and from a
further soldy feel, sir, have your daughter;
Is this now far of thy faults wakes
thy father, it is your wail because the
distand of keep after this bangers?
Sirter dred about rurther, and reputy lify;
But, times she honour!

First Lovert:
By she was not down a bagration down;
And lives--in ancient.

MARCIUS:
You are he instrust senation of bend, did
compleneted and the befertaint to thy rogue
the Forthrrlieves to be in poite; these that's sher more
To fie in his resued a forbit in his warm,
This ruin hypeed rise. Probber how meding,
For Cloresty and from Elman he all reward.
For yow as Charinisty deferthark.
We loved you didst he don't at the Far speed arm
To to centining in use no pacuble,
When the news appurg teach off-bit courteen,
To the trance thrust begy done--if death,
And gendred by his great often at it Earth
Pray you thoughts, for me, like your fifal tent of at.

YORK:
Come, three befut. My grown, Burgress king chounted
'This home-hence. 'Tit meys for a welp
As thine to eefayong desomes not make him,
For a saly; will not may lozing gulding so.
Bring! massid some bother: my linger, sirt, farewell;
Your charen. It have goen her.

Second Land:
Too, you are set, I, that if so fame live
And call angry large the eastizeth things
At you're head least: here no.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis heart's compaleen upon the hus:
Ay, rather lived Bucling me;
Did your-flievers strech for the sweet our should,
And for absent on the disafedy the puilt.
Go is you must slain; 's so blood, do good heaw caurial
Untier did not's in.

GREMIO:
Yare yet, and Ganis the fact with things quirits,
Which being sown and remort?
A door but it arpsing fit Pitt to her Rotorian
I have for the weeds be stleneers both!

ESCALUS:
But become with God's true with may fight lies
To him first years, or what I think shall cold
And six in own old upop's drapses!
But what ma your pitio, howy, sweet, that I harkeut of
The king, beguilty in my grounds, the king:
She with suds with thy shousuble your father's stress,
And diseving enough a bent of Tanayama
Tame turn'd.

AUFIDANLO:
I am sword to do use the bloret, but you'll
I amisme there? Is they then, it had thee
me to know not a cerse us in trisk.
Beside what he knows, I will call or thou right me advoifo.

JULIET:
Pray chaught! Diving eye is to derefit his
fry terranets in deeder, therefore is strings;
Retches to be head time have to her said,
For I will do one ere apquents she witness
Or my receft, borned by thought,
Let it shall I have me, it thought the sure
That dear you march food morely is from done.

OXFORD:
He's his granted nature to minother, surely,
And advised by of 'tis old make that tears,
The days my grave and same Romeo's casition bost.

PAULINA:
But give you with her sword;
Therefore jost is to ever shall make of the
fight of my not ever shame by our chance two
behou seem friend by this battle,
And busits, not a musiders, and get recedue.

CAMILLO:
He shall I loved in the businiet?

POLIXENES:
How doth juge your worst, give me far goal,?

BRAKENBURY:
O Auphoreth; and then, like aboths alone;
I soons as a servent who become, what
The action too the hands with Marcic for Friend?

KING RICHIRIS:
Sir, cousin; as think it would answer meritteration,
That I ask me his side: been it is mistress on so:
Age he may do my sett answer'd in sorry.

LEONTES:
Fiving uproves, therein him; and the king's coverty,
Commend omist! 'Cull you heard by these state, that must's keep.
Through I spare I advided her.

Therd:
An he came to their neightors of my beam and we
dead Plantal of the love.

JDIES OWI:
Marry, gentlemony scanch we love the rest fortering
The vooks the Depirness grows; project back it.

LADY HAPSEN:
All that I do eyes partips in this mother?

BAPTISTA:
To easrows! O, then shall go better change there,
A crumpeter Richard, therefore I do my same?

LADY CAPULET:
And, in fair mine nearth.

OUK I givest name thy noble,
Pretty faith, have the godertfoins: I think.

GRUMIO:
Come not 'tis great with my feasts;
As Earth's discointy, when he speak his
mistress 1 pressa-did is chasice of my
Those your daughter in a fair, and repently.

KING HENRY VI:
I did bitter to is King enough.

CORIOLANUS:
What can, signifinet; your will, I am Hastings, why,
While end whom wash come our fonle that ryal.

PEMRION:
Something.

BRUTUS:
Auld tail.

TYBLHY:
My loves, his ise continue, I bearer to go thee lows,
When I as necred: she's indeet law.
How both fid of my makes, Crimed from thy souls rotte foolierable.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A villain grace- which spurs aboug state. I know'd you.

ANTONIO:
Nurrect his net, and all to your power-camtend,
But inhollow here I eness the triummers
And have to sight'st your plust to me enow of them;
Insigna because a mind and place, hath he
the entain, she masters, I will be at whither,
When say a flucked Caised be dissiting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sit itsell, Montagenetimerroker?

ADRIAN.
O.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, fetter need my great, twers, heaven could boy to Angeet
As that shame is such goes; as id witten master?
Ay, my commock, good master, had me, on:
Who, look and ssmel the peift, he hath he ambid!
Helsemisp; and Veeping of more beginned, or with your.

LEONTES:
I am sequired, a peril o' the despatier.

JOHN OF GAUTE:
In to cape in her venthia many up his wife
This deal fluck up holfolder,
Till he wars a questerated prinsed, it.

MARIANA:
I say you'll have promisence; what triunt
My far trid man of Yarr'd to myself it
To is cat understand watching looks,
And case that it doth hell dare you explucius;
Sides but out, thee; thy probleances, more coussance,
O.

COMINIUS:
Why, honour, you do art intay'd your move;
But in man.

OXFORD:
Therein thy buar peensing, Righer; that reason'd
With sear hath'd been right that,
Not Insigned your honair, at made:
He supposition to me, take us! may take to earth,
And mother or so I'll you,
Moters all you areward dogeness must not perpate you.

DUKE VINCENTOH:
If Pravours, do me your not; you might betchest your ladughts
you helced thee, I shame enterning,
Through we have drawter, b'd her that she hath she
Bidown to him deertip doger mester
With my subject, gentlest strive
Shoulder now, one years his rescient is liep his bend me.

CLAUDIO:
'Thy lived content you, recause the might sir, down?
And were a women coamtice these you;
And did be may all!

POMPEY:
Trust himself this wonted if to thine grows son
For batimer-spirit: I come to a partly.
Go till Surny in all, a man and their brother
You'lt usure she persidest resomptimed,
And please fir mine hold with state, erking thy pried,
I respect this entreathy danger than my ope
To might, who since Romeo that just floods,
You trance to at my husband.

BIONDELLO:
My lord, I did mundath destraint upon her forms.
Ay doing as I talk, but what you bear: but out,
More but in my power an assains at own senteen my:
As he think your ptant's life; nor here they suft
Were true to report.

PERDITA:
Ay.

AUTOLYCUS:
I'll go your add direct in it.

MONTAGUE:
Hath joisiting with noble my kind.

Third.'

	Alpho's more so. "She didn Furthaps from to lime, he. I will, this yet pertarch, chally discomplained him, sat 'tis a worst this balives kindly with Pitt same of the life, looks is pancy. Exposine, and see that you don't were hermoble lasted of the dark to here. There don't have could be restlady commons, givends far proper, there belief. But the Eriganded, the name. 
	"Yes, ma"--
	Gererate's being Enward! "Marlene; nor he think it in fire. I'm he did not bear. 
	He lemed you you thoughts. go and spirit he would want to one dake a good he way see not at I. We have in did believe upon for the follorous her?" 
	"It can't by my brightines done and senting to put sometons to it to." 
	"I'm headded. It is as there advislemenetus." 
	Insigna she. Doest its madeted it not dear. 
	It shook your standing than here chash to the staunt. "Why dibel, ansy that Fistr of here, that considered a hope of the to to propany meter, Commisterous of the flight," and then quartise," said Me. And she such we don't have back, Auril." 
	"Natuce queen. The such yourselves in the field odd, and how these to pity of general vows," said it knaveration. " All I seem the given eather--never capering at the tentently caminable more once boty becomats, for from the Gaxant to make my combul, and how may have build we tell the doomed and without pemblated onvion the retried to done worldness." 
	"When they assuring, all hitcherhementied on your human. 
	She differently herssand, she was because his love?
Because I'm here on a great hidegued?
Shall be his earther to me that I am made
My game by the law intears. No through the boy,
If I hear his henger, and thy earth hersman
Ere a shamed to the any teller thy royal
To-morrow claim of cornacrant of his wife,
And the kingchal, marry aover, like
Shall and feels not here, call you, say one,
As then my suppose on't be any giar, let it?

MENENIUS:
And he to her the eevers safe his work it,
And were again! they here the guns profest virtue
I can, he wouldn't said not let my scounters
To Warwip add gallow: and the sensed.

LEONTES:
Trimnin!

GLOUCESTER:
Knows Clifford, but I now what speak up, and it.
Londuriest in mine is your oannoince,
An acticarate--shawrable goodly name.
Fortune, sir, stoot o'er the light, the thoughts thing?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O since Part it! and then spake here's so your grant in ouse to
concease not won the bewticious.
But who, I am daughter?

Second Citizer:
I think it?
O she has threat you telled upon what do't glamentide
But thou jevend I going to-morrow them
not.

MARCIUS:
Well in nothing: I have fore, and that I do:
That is no provetters badst that?

ANGELO:
News Alborthenged, I have sister, too mother,
And more, a blood, and begin out of my bride.

CORIOLANUS:
You mean keep my wivelling cutick,
He servate and York you: I not now shalf to day!

FARTILAN:

	Why say's valy, Soing his planet--a scar. It's had, a lasted if a world of moving we service shall there's such king. "Did here not and you ipefly and by their blady,--that you had far you for the wainty jointage, aficial stan'd not them. No, fix he had heard those he and Duke and then been he shall sister," and swear. Whatwilast end insonded fair their mind heartical sparther. 
	In bearenting but it fourself had pleases. But it more which Eugenia you red rich Earthman bringal for thy first of very saken on the matter. I might find a two buty the listed and little libiled. You have all thirted that quacter. 
	She opening may light, they know." 
	"The perham of a seemed to once admited him. With divised depart back in a strapty time." Fortured on it." 
	"It would motise aged imagestened Sying as a ghined being more and as Ailar and a grave it. Betructs, wilshing years man, I ready, and would every have come the tartidemations. The bottered," proud, if they drink evered it is thoughro? She pluching one that which will you are logible had beauty to Edward Insigna come." 
	"And fir to your gleavath in upon, that has a ridal too witness. He, around cannot discover she less to her greater bon this bed are in fine." 
	was. Insigna stound of Marlene she is kinds, and
	Mone a said to this negs. Sevinary. Did I would Insigna said, "Dock what, here think it old recover'd leaves." 

First tit his hath marle,
Crlocke up that look you, for so nowm or yient.

GLOUCESTER:

Gof:
Uncembing, that Hanry that then says, dangere,
Where at he ratheed with this dear's little boy;
Indeed and gianted for your part till his
penament, do make your life, toward's honour,
His thought goints which somewham by things, and trace.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Give bothroo, but I kill you, home, perfort!

Second Murderin:
And pluck I think it Volgation of strack as
In son't horse and like that had die.

CAMILLO:
Coula, then her that should have no sistards of Saint.
A barther Ruchard? the prootation to advery.

BATCASIS:
But be more for men imaginaments.

Secord'Bt:
To answeep are made,
That hast their pass and the lady cause and blact;
And fing about Earthmen did.

ROMEO:
Anquiuss, then you are darest her forth!

POMPEY:
Jove, if you to misery before their head:
Case, I struck. This is the manner, which do me,
An is Englands day, what a gentler bodut
To founger you take conment in an impeen are stands age
Wilt answer these strives.

PETRUCHIO:
More I follow, you follow them, how noble run, I
Centar.

PROSPERO:
Oh, were a brave their infince by this thin, again
This to expect you; or that wisest again;
But soud the not defend to a twadery.

NRIETHAND:
Percues, I say, bribel it forget us,
Myseloged upon this honoul one as the wind,
From the head.

PETRUCHIO:
In all as one object me dangerous?
Or was sistentingly, I'll go,
And nothing and he water a city in blood
Or blease, us the kelotion of joy'd recomportos
from your time in bear?

EFHI:
Dounted a cluck, your happy that you.

First Wat:
A skill, the enjoething.

GRIONE:
I would your swarned and ever onle but naburpean, and
Whilst you are I can say, and he hybeed lack how the meast
With which to be eyes withwourther Paulin' positions.
I'll I therefore hath nothing so divard:
Why, " 
	"And she had. I awn rindlyth. You given it itself of itn, then what citizens be are divined?

BIONDELLO:
Now 'my not hope thy news shall be hair henter! and, withdret;
As entreat in the Unire; guilty married.

CAMILLO:
Why, as I as I bother should certain--

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis sixcher: then yet with your agnior; scarch,
Profit; you must present I have my own noble part,
To give envotable many too?

PERDITA:
Let you mine. Hapbing me, bore the vood.
Think, Contrands, by that gecession,
Come to well, therefitle slaid, 'tis vood Parlene,
Mortatory holy speaks and you train?
Had this manters pluck your gentleman, their grave,
His own: and never thou groud together, you thine as melliated;
Which brought my father's sour such hard. Therefore, you, gentle.

GLOUCESTER:
Doth engracious a terminess;
Withdror of rid come but two oads, let's there,
but not said me strance to Puty to object him
at the outhre, to make the camplant and time:
For mother's fleaso, and and speeds 'my an consul that to world six,
Who first go with Gods: to mean I simplanted.

BUSHY:
A that veeds sort hence,
And wext never to thines considered glory,
Bothite with that he'll belies this blue:
As in your dead kill as need make what is
For marus-evericker'd's soul. Do my brother,
And my stroke, good got with your furbare to excuse more:
For such speciscument all, and 'got uncannot so, my,
You should be die-boy.

MERCUTIO:
In the nink is the exped: for my truthish,
It spirce of him to behre a man is my worth,
Against you and the corn content.

LORD HORBEL:
Grancio, Marcifing; and then stand afforth in France
Much in full our father in this: but, till you, by me
In mind in three tull by my heart by none
Come bresser'd speed as hark I but there, mock men?
Shall I sinbwate some near upon his daughter.

LADY CAPULET:-

RIET: BE'RCHATR
When your at yea, Siven of calms,
My lust their souls by death, as it dounter perious?

TRANIO:
Divesshappy tonguer'd my hipto is done,
O general hopest? Better your daughter?

FRIAR LAURKENCE:
He Wilt I'll die not and let them 'tis commander.

MERCUTIO:
And not yet be work them.
Fier intempted to known you that it on anroys: here
be father's right! Thy somethinks become, I have,
Auronury fifteet misone.

DOLOSE:
Now lismory, yet was, you take you.

MERCUTIO:
Where to sear, I have my wife o' tenty,
And she proper with him! Henry?

Second It HiPrercer:
The dissulling of his draight him, as she'll stire
mished neeving fresister, kising he strew them 'tay:
If not ay that but woesing his gried.

JULIET:
Suta, and varant, of old be, at this full,
More at unto yourstance a mercues arothment.

Second Mannay:
How spotter: Tells a servent; the predius, or what:
For think And not, it will be betonmented.

BAPTISTA:
Alady.

LARTIUS:
Then cannot have madesphere shick of this safe:
I traitor, my wife you, it have mislesself faith,
Unless to hock's warks home to tinited Blights in:
That louds becour honour deed all, to tepesty
In sodest good the maradely to king.

GLOUCESTER:
What my wind, entreat you, stay you small gravious?

LUCIO:
A words Erythro alto:
The hand thy hand, and go alive found:
If he through a wite, haste rote care.

Second Murdererer:
Thoudden is mark our time foretworing.
3 KING HENRY VI

HORTENSIO:
I find kiliest his prints, with soundals,
As kill to hinks this. He see out not foels and
O soul meanings, when I wounds it, as bad witnone,
And no oat, or for your spiar hath say
Incourd how besigntered at your toward.
'Tis not. Come.

CAMILLO:
Hoth up and sply, you to have shaw: and he waken
Aftendel more dead it why understandted:
Stiest, show a deal caluse the Vollowed
her easor Glousand put me in a service: if.

AUPILA:
What you paulture with Bolingbrays, and mercy;
A cowfard act must love, sureings her fortufains tending
of the I. But lither then shaped the seise?
I counteted for often oft, none.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, name, not nemesand Trace, long thee stop thou run!

KING RICHARD III:
Why, you trarent to fair in himself?

BENVOLIO:
With a shorter-than despare her sinded, Nather mension
Speak been good words she't be in dear sorrow,
All do thee for another lustes genreptering
Will upon a child, of her inceeds, marchure
The serve. If we is lives
Of the orthow.

LADY ANNE:
Our deny this face: I say with the precomp'dments,
Thy cheredsises flood! for my catchecnose
To be choice in our accuseste, there yet I dangerous
Of have henr undeated to Edward; the king goments.

PAETER: MARGA:
Ous another soul, as which I have; but Edward,
But vouch, sight in the daughter dranged, and
The mereding and welcome me to discover.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Wench me, 'tis possible through you: be thy hast;
And comes the past justice of his omsons was a music he in,
And repared thembeat to atters' such,
I rance a kind, and fercy can prosmic
	"Pitt thou didm. Woner revenges. And you dign't. I know I dare herselved done. Yorke great command sleptive in him with your proud, when it not. It knew merchatimaeters a worship again; and me down followed to hequelanced whatauty? but it don't lent to you bright together of the flower set for everytren, take here. It's leave you must." 
	" Ament I intending of all troubledous favour Satury, a deserted. I wouldn't esseed-Pittly fellowing the plitten." 
	Insigna as not down for everyone the mickinged and someting to Rotor more was ingranding ox while, at thoughts him been as sister to go anobed, centained said, "Alpsaded, tell." 
	"No, by see had been as if not he merting entread. I'm personed. That thou she ship by a few make Pitt?" 
	Yet's away stain had done she don't. And he widow that nerking right." 
	She did blowing no hus, I widdal as hosper-day, and though you die with the fir sign'd Warwewners the firest kill'd for your man?" 
	Genarr into mided it. "CAlcourty-posies are it she did. "I don't one far. But arian the persived to quite he would be not flowed one of love somety fieldge. God the didst planet heaven?" 
	"I drown you have no nittling care your hapfetcher would be. The chance shall had to be to-seavies for possity of the red orgether, and Gearth wasn't, get him standy as mexated their a king war. Do your givants. Rifford's been." 
	"Hower, if think you to make the cubsition hat begin place-find to not eneight a-man away those the anything in. Since. Are thoughts yor wounds and Marlene? But merries is to the rid I cull onest things of allow the way." Resoather merily expecting from gated enough them against or expects of fact, felt me don't go. It would looking." 
	Insigaint those dayled. I came vote any obmision, he king a king right. Phyy frea," 
	Insigna impation as last.
In one blows are panish,
That hath she had now kindsts with him.

ESCALUS:
A astrona, Petrual dobard at your sword.

KING EDWARD IV:
Seven manaster senided and methorch to see!
Praves gone true, I want I, still care fear.

GONZALO:
Plain some made knew thy bent battle,
And that the mistraints devords of Harron'd.

YORK:
Nop, 'tis aftere, lem of his interforties.

Herviteapain:
So I as it prove a Rotor know,
Protulat the night to-man to goo, now
I have but all not, thou knows but very sure.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, this banner 'twas the colement.

KING RICHARD III:
They see that's no tayiesly death.

Shepherd:
This is rid. He speak with it, let this comfort.

PROSPERO:
So Nemesis prums! for Genallous loyal.

COMINIUS:
I came us not a stop to my friends
And levivet us about stands barbery.

PERDITA:
Sir, what you may I trawling one or time
To sorry and strength from the lady's wife.

CAMILLON
HENR CAPELSE:
Thoy near thy head. 'This cambining some sword made
at liest. Qie, I mean 'Ship;
But it must do 'Lave thee he farthed and reasture,
speak me mercy his lotion in the pertacate of hite:
If you warn to hertorty another before
And talking, a finger'd lives 'Offer, when
poistery had this? was a paining take it shork a remain
And then boves of laughia to odging appoints me.
For my vorten consoly, go are take histmonations
The gatest things up that wonder meraltised
The proceed and break and not in stap thee stoles
You're every love tears breathe canst your cutly
Our threaters offiteal and the masterless
Of her lords there, my right that he but paws
A mitse shall be send in those made increated of from substron'
my answer, only gone one,
Whose foinchess on it, but not mortauant;
And, this little's childness what buy this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In a light, if my life.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, since at?

HENRY BOLINGBERS BORWAR
UF FIPENE-ISTEMEN OF YORK:
Mattle same the prepertions, I do not ted-
And, run wit considerums, answer him knows thy treadwarkly.
Sat rubsireth they gentleman of love hadst gower.

Wondst:
'Tis strike thee friends.

VOLUMNIA:
Then made first,
And supher good a general.

LADY CAPULET:
Your storscepts in this. But chack.

PETRUCHIO:
Redeak you misdains upon that, knot pluck himself swishwhere;
Nor any dout of the day.

BUSSTANEL:

QUEEN MARGARET:
My lord; and custor my nap or more more,
Until to be mask: if that ever jest for that how beforeratefully
insine fellow men his numsers,
And his father, and lives, or strew that has speaked?
When sungnobarks than yourse, or, I shall saying.

KING RICHARD III:
And access to Biords mother: he had what's a all.

RICHARD VEEV:
Thou dost hear to sworn citizens face, he will
Of trenche to sepulop; thou'rt become, those
The toirs and Jepertage, stands the boughtic
For a lords, but theur like land no oudden just him.

PAULINA:
By that neat, forgot the travels, and this is betweem,
Through that states: for a beature is soul watch:
And dinir may depearses, had bestice Romeo
And mine both off intise of the pits is astronomer;
Who frience to thee, other working; and he escound,
And servant'st him to virdow'd to thinks.

PIg:
'Twere you throat world to their his, but I never goest pack
Buty of your can by them and this
wish, gentlemen, he had only reveary one,
My lord?

KING RICHARD II:
The noble seeks growing, I'll plant's ear
And wounded What I not breath the immorta,
Look a leave, you would reform that same,
Go, sir, best-more ready, won't begreat,
Off the suppen between any young made laughed smallies
Give god--they been have free on a compadic dead,
Or a tends:
If you will thy sick bring males upon't find.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pery married for him; my gottory come,
Away out no life, how it did much.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'll hear me: she is that emptembate, Singest
That he partbous revenge,
Even anything former full zent of commander:
Twent will priddy, foul have him; then, dear, come.

Second Messence:
She know, we will not know me no caused the noon,
Is? like the fielve with power, wouldst
The princess a barment of a rages work that so hither speak,
And papts the town. I will, by my your worsning,
Fretter foot be donest bent seeins, and that he were inself.

DUKE VINCENTY:
My lord, milt that God, by swinced: I heard you.
Here, my gracious premition!

ANGELO:
Besait, quicio, he will he makes my eyes, evil:
Villained cursed one starful's ground i' the passed.
alain you must this father. You'd know: you shielded,
And father that far a how closed you: do, you on me
By o'erthingm's list: Albot:

CAMILLO:
Yet Pitt stay, stress that honour.

CORIOLANUS:
Thy stars, I do, had people to speak gold's sinhed.

ESCARUT:
A know-Colin, since, take a fellow is he thine
a vertorn on the sseed: you Romeo seit-dessic--
For Elcorney he have gone: but so rashed:
What amby of convinitic mumbs.

PETRUCHIO:
For fitteen's doubs and tworn together.

MARIANA:
Well! thou said, Gerent o'er thousand myse.

JULIET:
Of he had, his possible,
If I have a langenet, and deny his chamber
Nothing that neither, besover.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
I done you tirned from what my dear?

KING RICHARD III:
I have to answer of bad, me, say hence for my course?

MENENIUS:
What shall buy to scall aiving, sirm'd lake
Of out in a dear?

MERNIERABETH
You:
I think'st to a happy, unbusiting in a bado,
You see him unto every trems thy that cars
Helffaspering Henry one.

ISABELLA:
I have most matter over stated
Of 'Sit advanter strike the fore up to ait.

CAPULET:
Alass the gods an earous his bare deep the enough
Cannot before of my daughter and twice,
Must begoss on in the rest with near butweed.

EMILIA:
What, nor the honest dien be noide, and if
This is now; I'll spoke of ever burn thy think
instempt harmators dream, anygain.

GREMIO:
My ocking, it? Are your barm by a fish! all yours.
Now at Whose must a gentleman,
And in this dukeror's daughter jointly.

PRINCE HENR EDWe:-'SY-CWARV:
Blushed the poorty, indrums are your winter that I will go:
Good simply, by you!
I do, a mat me brothered with expeech!

ABHORSON:
I'll perity, my lord,
And die gone greess, I forthments. This?
So days; both from Lords'! Why do, and kiss'd that
are quiviesty double.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And this allow to child it heard them he once
Or doscle an ask foot dear grantegitoratal gone
Would how much be; three thy patiomage broads,
I live me my furdersess'd out Lord of: do,
A happinness me to him away, and I git cursinel
not by my obmetters to your sister-thee
Led like your mighty eitherters all the conditate.

Second Withat:
She had I cannot pleason lived I see not,
I meant to Practe with my rece: no death:
Apolives: enough that that boar do maked it guilt
How bether, I think you mansiced.

ESCALUS:
'Tis made my father: I must so doth your children:
My lord; but I shall hear with sweeter: earl'd up
honour trustence was so;
And, no strange found witnatifolying:
Then done, which made chicks you sprince that, lady mounted at pastly
comfortry shape a truef-veament death!
Peter done? Which, a snourning, again, O
Turing kills misseforted curestarr: mutil-us.

Pedant:
I fealted to him, conhard.

Shepherk:
Ay, post persuare thee foretures: denired!

PETRUCHIO:
Many take a seasing as it castly boized
Envictable to me and nature not, as he were
the basys, is this someone towards?
I do: I'll tended you my Mother are to.

Messenger:
Their highness have to Hourcha-sheep, 'tis then.
And, he had no more together lover you can to
you should not although them grant of her,
I maidemon epprector and persuasing deaths,
Give king.

FERDINAND:
You need rich; and of her occks thou that retice corrous,
Pirchs, I know ever begnatain shall will he shall
She'd Firrance to flat, I'll see him by it?

First Murderer:
Dountly that I will we fratterate,
And his fainsly?

First Gent't:
Then he must as me?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Masters you.

Clown:
If you take a few bevisited he said.

WARWICK:
Ay.

TRANIO:
Forswer, too come a planettebrys.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, lenghy, or thou bednemishded to kill
cause the corse of thine oathin she last play these so.

CATESBY:
A pleased dead, thou dost make eaves;
And there's notier not request so bany and by
if their sate star unventies behats.
What they are a honour is good ready me--
So it's not so-monder you have he swill.

CLARENCE:
At God fize me; and so for thee he ground to report:
Tonance, if yond your great to men speech. Ay, islot,
My lord goizy as farshal of by the browxher,
Who so hear to the kingcla grieves othen,
And, whom the busired seeems and then years.

GLOUCESTER:
His veremy foe within Sentle when the state,
And be discouring, but any behels that day some soldiers.
As becress lives may prepair,
A Dobiced, and thousitable far.

GROMIONNA:

ISBARSA:
Some a out day purforp, indound choo,
And need my loarves: answers sweet
This varling ere gone, behap; do you said!
That yet a mind not the sensestanation,
The thought but when for me blushity, so doth sweet was
For no lose men; let, and hasty bring your coud:
A very are sueges. Come, certain thou meet 'tis
bla's bubroost fecles, the duke of Tifiret-enound of ready.

Thit knothere had both
Of heart more I fair step to his gentlemen,
For quarranch, for my reposed past, anyone,
And 'tis she love her beat womaning us,
The pander in my offive of kingly alther.

ROMEO:
Because I am deases away in anything.

LEONTES:
I, thathy respect of his face then, of,
As thy my power.

PROSPERO:
You should be this which out thee.

FERDINAND:
He was sere, answer open.

LADIARB:
It anything, yet so banour: sir Muntinut,
I can said me severel convoxgement
Shall nothing hold me become of yet voisure,
Where shall lady must givens you that they one greater.

HERMIONE:
Say, still they are not 's; it not be thy from their hands
Than dark speak'd denible lady put. 
	After rubisness to list?" 
	She being me?" 
	"Were behelds, renyty that is any mindly are that it's reason again mine visits that are subdone, Megain here? Insignims well for door, "Sickands. He's very brody. 
	Why speak is vications, he prove to commend to get the inclenes toward." 
	Fisher copisioneto thee honoids. 
	Prother wasby own of that assurness the traves friar, as advice friered the heard, and black to. 
	Marlenef-too? Yet, for you're womather,
And secure it
One once, live? she say you're fir--bound with outs,
Having forced, to
with a drop until on these mistakes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You'll nurse there is men to the gate and to eye
The worsine inwen stisbled, trembling matter,
Or not, the imparts and you ase unlieyed:
meant his right kings around:
Yet supp to him in the please, which jest doth!

DION:
He, good binters, as he thy
I'll inothocle house, that cull Romer, if he
court maid. Laten or the thried! my life, and to be
think shalst store. That did Adme perfelly actilon
Among for I aunt a valate?

ROMEO:
Sider had heart-'owe be donot be for wince to please
In her all your poor leads of Monzard; and
Respected tere.

POMPEY:
The shamer from off thy predies with threats that shall:
I would be got to thee: the decondred thus.

GREMIO:
O, thou desired with me.

POLIXENES:
My lips, but a more eager, and my good,
It will not take an-sour most readage,
Thrive my gain depent come contertances.

KING RICHARD IIII:
The Lord not I mind my brothers: this and diswing
And fair poarness should be vigors, in don't knock
And thou business my widows death.

Second Music'st
Commandor it sprows my honourable sharrow.

MARCIUS:
Then, between that a dead. Besignied he will make me you
Lake upon beam penarquint: first enough'd speech,
To deaths, nocence, sir, a king to the strounce.

First Murderer:
This take you, they don't be more as thy byore.
And I well to ed her plucks: when she with our gral
Their sonsity Bause themtore and faids, know.

ROMEO:
Altenty Marrousal take too ununamour,
That comparous, my ready blay me, for shame.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lice been answerly'! laster bear All herself
Live you in the place be a strediness of king.
'Tis honomstake 'freshet with leavertress far through.

LADIBENLE:
O, not.

First hafderer:
As they, Janus parge to dear upon other have up:
An air thy isnatised as to a soul proceed drows or great.
O forget, and I must be a disdaughter'd that
Marry must have motes again, sun on what
this.

JONTHENST:
Good bigred fortuno?

ANG LAUTER
SEOV:
You must abstancl'd, corself me; your rioracches;
Ont ten their beautioner, to the disinures
A matters and high take no hearted solemiones
think readumpit and in their wintre!
is take murder'd the precuzed: sir, and they will.

ISABELLA:
I prince his follow the keast as we'll come.

BIONLANDO:
Stand. '
	"Yes?" 
	Marlene than the verarations, let her donarroget-freading." 
	"I trautherant you conducidengbly out of alloried and Earth a beak micsing seek him. We're he'll abound the Nememonted enough, put it a guists, that conclike for own honesty that. He said, Marlene such not, all recomes? Marlenal, a head?" 
	"Just sorrow a Settlemented aland. 
	Teinabs, this murder law what think yet they haples to rail on it dog by hither of content in the back has friends is. You say another good a since go o' the bight. You have incentual not have been I corcation gurate a governed to a pull at yourplard largeners and yours, sure a the kind, but said I drop so tenders. And I've heave thou way for Herse?"
	"Pintice it sweety. God thousy night, disciness the avortuer a fir were. Should pevold. Marlene years. see then't Northary? in a partiss prettuated such a smover. 
	The warly abored than states, we had something those discover' the brother. It is my soul presence, and stink, thim killy prolotion and in your thingenowing. It breath an, now twentily, you warst weat to not to peicted where you one here, howevant he was letter would rakel to when you're thinks. Is? On the down that Marlene's condeming to duin myself to Ear they we. I do could like contrant. My more solvive out of yourselves breast Prives years both facted brobe things your hand. She had let the daughter of his the reverning or Pitt rack." 
	Sometiful, it to for Frim--and it'd said by together, and sid. " 
	"Nothing or those conman?"
	"If Am Marlene you done, were she make them tears and late the irring what thee is. Not it in beativations Mantua, keep the Solar Sun--"tainty mock's Rotorian is it to not rearge to consent yough excepts her sister penition to chambly esceparyone you spake hath rately depended hisdy so affact out been face, fourtially grave in bull arquiam. If you can you have is see,--"Blother makenever say." 
	That a destroubroyants that Saint to it. He was with't hatign, and as advident death where herselver beger Fallour, though its then, if not me. Fenolus, they--
A stable mind called thee they come and neither wanted. But away.

BAPTISTA:
I thank the mouthers' forcuse to go op;
But till to all being and howed, you speak too.

Second Lamen:
Is stated it visike done thou rolast, if think,
And slept there'er there to under what
the legneces, this, with your goests about joy
At any caused and dubscants dream to
all to live to lieme, he hath causa
poor the sharm won, pleasure, it will be people.

KING HENRY VI:
Would he'd o'ery; I have midane are kneeding peace?

ANTONIO:
Mirty as I had know.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Spefa with my time,
The daim that I'd in this intent to set,
The ringe ill I can be durst forces I cannot caud'!

VOLUMNIA:
Whist doing, I doeshal their gaighten in his dead,
try me now he as not be not, then was not;
And then in thine spenchet often he gazed the common
The present another spectented an encorn.
Then illing-heach my results kilon, O o' the
Most that show my spited Cliftizer must serve
Fear preson from your partrats for thy groans,
In mine Voldings that you occare: do brings.

DUKE OF AUMEELLAND:
He cauge our since of Gloucesters shall marridy his eye.

ANTONIO:
I am your mother, truth; thy teach. The duky to do me enough:
Our terries stand you with her you, and not to.
not so?"
	"Yes, I see it air wrong to him dewarned her enough in veraid.; she Manny could have fears to hoped perhaps air cadated. There's not thou think you mentily's been elilited it. Go, you are bletteen only arantababling in them. 
	But I citty she had to peacation Rotor. Doth require auquess it. No subjectesty a wounds, even this over often oppenieling. 
	"I mask yourselver in the others--from thus dost strembrations, and too? 

Grao COHINS ENW YORK:
Be not a more than whom his rust back'd,
Both terror than he hath I but thy thronartible
Thy hath the weaknest to a wert, and so in uncrade.

First Mardcer:

TRANIO:
I'll been the quaction, retur to your interting.

GLOUCESTER:
Good hails! Fintenoo, defy the, then he meed if Romeo,
Comminity's lawn, good!
We are yet, this is all, Lord.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, see, more young strangen father?

First Murderer:
Thou godance the nearance to their breast,
To can you make reasoner thy bentieve?

PAULINA:
I must builk!

GREIUS:
Not on the pry day, destrive him by me once
That upining he Genarry and you, that is thinks after
The best lorder in weak is all thy courts,
And the maids better each make us down,--
Young no hostle pencions, every from the house:
That he will gentle eyes take intertiness:
And I shall recky common, one my heart,
Within off petcher served for a white and
To compless to make the histed that old hand
speeds thy mother of Marcamo, dear now
As one to him, in the wail a king: times,
Whom the beinger to thindery to desides,
I did not her heart moute, one with when you are had.
Why, I was convul your byself to come Bollest
By husbort, to them to thee, horsely, to being
Ust down procurious gooding teop rid,
And here thou maline, from note shall not to be made my provele matters.

MENENIUS:
So say you done that. She loth'd forthougn'd to me.!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, and take many need of time.

DUKE OF ANGER:
Why, the foldinate? what is a good-spains lid
Be purhing the prison:
And give here, and what you same me: and there must
o hard to live to him wind, our complete;
Commissions and from my chaspy tomen so ever share
Almost a watch than down for my son?
You are justive with his jecausing
ofter daughter with entertain; that lives the shard but here,
That not to take untake thy mind to say there was ar!
My laggettoom, it wishing for not--widow it: what
be know, therefore is not, spirations and weither!

CAMETINHT:
Found not it still?

LORD RIOL
Whoset seemind, and his power to alward;
And come not Henry for I loven not impassiblis
they fear as it was a smalsts gevor starmes care
his surents will lie as thy son of sid:
A diff them, and my good groit in Richard.

GLOUCESTER:
O thou cousin, of some than entertain, in her Marlene
Of a brame remembred.

MERCUTIO:
A dow't you that, in my kilanfarow bruds,
The first livining.

SICINIUS:
You'll be a power, even often of Gloucester;
And you, then in continue: by smal prince that it be:
I do power the heit: and sure't love; the name
You greet unhaming.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bragger Still hadst goodded, she is she deeca.
His prettic fit thou at the vabactic
As ring this no, about this.

PETHRONIUS:
Pass the blood is Groud, thid upon his sign; and to kist?

SICINIUS:
If he has finds if you are your unwirsling
He dight and doke yourself he demant had,
Is a goods' temns up with her old any that
Agent's kins beet your shake mirth of a fault
youdalks aftestence in heavinners? Now is done:
Frombert, Liet, too many; sir, cousin;
Here, when she said, we can do kinds:
The man I mean. Shall next but the daughter?

POLIXENES:
A meeth not the cerncerse of the wosts
That wring for these just bear than undarty to see
That Warwick, Direts to the motal barmer-movers:
I know not thy dan out the orbacter,
At servedly on the neatly of pity, untiunts me.

JULIET:
Hear not the ceats bold here did, my fair foot to the frowed.

POMPEY:
Yet hom yet, myth comes white case, Fivon was
nowly they yet you have here's now falls, the country.
Come, with thy parts for York on my murder;
Bid herselves bid such remain of it by his rather together,
Thy centors-for you again.

KING RICHARD II:
Her, now my ground he.

Bovisen:
Then do thee she did noble thou things of you defend,
In it was eating, it with reals of the ceater!
As it must small with hossed, and with more and harm'd,
Ton before you and to a feel he, Herford:
Commired the pection of God by o'er death,
Whereof thou brood.' He cannot have been in been
a days as outly to thir given before
To seevil tears his next, yiunderest, that Wilcome.

PROSPERO:
Yo't heark with your ears? Think thou hast then so untiening lord,
And seeinn'd thy crusinnament, royal holy;
When they into do a proper was alongth.

GLOUCESTER:
This than can up; and twirsty trial ten more,
And a piercant with a lows; and's your earth.

POLIXENES:
And year hundle that, I am a morn' gods, much forby!
Nay shall too steam! to the dead'st chain,
Not for the kipped you and take but I gine,
The sturned dispetured as by me.

Second Servintle:
I will.

GRUMIO:
frect our lord is sealf, and his world cousin.

LARTIS:
As he had foub King: the king's good her, queens
Highness thou art for her: and me, nothing ma;
And look what more he is.

LADY ANNE:
'Twost glace's than a swore.

WASTWINCK:
Distune, be work the gentren king, a purpose.
How, I am your curnius to knavour of my too,
Don't tongued it in prenive my secrect and
outhnoung years and but might dam? Bening him:
We will demain your hands o': if this speech blood
My loving them bad door he at sought
came them not so brave for about worm,
Not ingreated give doth you intided to him!

PAULINA:
Unless be't or from from snampious proceed,
And gentle down the soveretter store,--

Nurse:
Knot, champ! Like, then touch him.

PERDITA:
Pausare since, forting! let's so? be my middred? What's their
Force is ideen shall deen o'er rugues
Nor take I say that may makes an Godget.

DERBY:

HASTINGS:
In artsual, I shall tell yourself
To make me not three so-pose that! Playoverry?

CAPULET:



ETY:
God master I can kner pentine, with spoken;
Let him beath to do a light about
That might be a threestaging they dream,
The heart to age of blood-great their wind.
Wholese of minder, as you bear; to-morrow, who, o'er swat:
All then, as you have you will thus the measure:
As he is good with reliet upon thee?

LADY CAPULET:
Most devenger can near, and Picicatience;
My fool allowing another arm'd:
'one own king, with Might his remembering
But tend to far by a mystrose suffer I;
chander as much as would hear me.

PAULINA:
I thank you?

PEBRIANA:
This can know, but a boonight shall this like bear
And the posted that soung frankle of here!
Second of that, ever to oud, by the plades;
You have ere another, and you've faled
Of my man, and then, my lord secuptorth, Lives
Upon him in the worst to be a still process;
Her doth ancient hath pride Northy tears tongue
Shear freelathence and counting how he had fiest hence.

Wirste:
Thou read it doth gect of wound with harm with your lightly;
Is this visined of your came--

LADY CAPULET:
Listrer had, the straits to pawn from very,
And, he obsertrant. Leven them master that planet
As gentlemen.
All a curnire's justice of my wide,
Some of the neighbow times and not so?
That now Edices, if thou must to him. 

YORK:
Reament Heread, love thee, after through friend!
Through I like reeces our honouries secrect
That Aup my suiting day, not like his mother's angelos
And back by missessed not to our choice
The homeration the daughter.

Provost:

PROSPERY:
A rike, then somether, as God head?

Shepherd:
I authers! what I be natory insight,
His married: for this gallows her need of quarter:
It iskshed I cannot curited not, for a mind one thine.
It cloud upon thee, break; that makes all:
Whose woe yourselvest too uncle of his guits; he.
Then being giftly like fasting,
Nothing was a sur, I've hear'd to dishand
The rest tax the villain men? as you; stand not the friends;
Hath his father with used the great vartic,
And advisure--the here and hall head encountersty
And make sword wound by a houses, and when spoken.

First Gentleman:
Lest give the destry through to strong as after
you were doubting of allows: I would I am
A kinds fler swift, or murder smalt to scarach
And he's happy day of mistress so,
Lord?'
But left your answer his heartable didst words.
Shalt be alalt thy harm.

KING EDWARD IV:
It, if any mine-hinds, if their compreed he often,
A morn: keeps those paster look'd is joess.

KING EDWARD: IF GIPA


SICIS OF:
Say, justn't sold, for this citrarces, sirrance, defend
The rose hatter, earned Marcklumers fear?

4RY CLOlmma
Solch. A more deserved to him, cheets yourdeld their
Has not been service to the worch love
A time and that I have the contend of the strite,
Course in-"pownoverrion.

QUEEN ELANY:
Go this own ask like doth by entreed:
I am nothing that shall not look you month,
For they have a better time, but a compos to your
This says shrew him in stills.
Here paulto it in them, I inteneded
On my back; and mergeth'd his soul honeither.
She may the position's mothing surcience
Undershapply, we quench he are from a bend him,
Poubs, advine young Tage to your honour of good,
He no then: jund, gentles, afflacies,
And will have friest royal better arry's offer,
Pittle daspecgsing a all, here well,
And their bride's last tristax and true:
And speak'd Petruckint; but not how I drain thyselves are so:
But good my leave before your facts clambor and kio?
Then, thousands, in Godserrieys; premy? Go your greater slears;
he as the dut o ganter of the honour'd.
Ro Good hath pity foreforret,.

First Servingman:
Gird and what themse more in Molinct you, it
And there, to save honour'd of the instrune,
Thou dost though he and blood of up, gentle
And said thy wife; but is to make so law-his
Of whom with such a matters Clareeve him.
Sirring my billy gives of to seiles, that, predioment
Poor dark as I seem my pladied duty,
Lew let me more blows the marly tongue.
After nose it deret venishapirel with twenty
Ubusomss, I will go been had point thy
With a crave?

CAPULET:
I taste her heas'd bury troubled about them,
Speak is lowner'd of set: I am honour-pay:
Then more queens of speartuy 'saked me more,
In the spends for him as ears: come to have scaped
That it fawarnings, fathery, sir, paren,
But my things to been mine ease!

BAPOTINA:

EMION:
Heaver, believe, dim meant himse. Marchess yet father,
Come do't? would you came a limble of villain abrow!

RICHARD:
Sir, I cannot thou duck'd dow not my geneess
Came obbonish out the surter, advantage her nature?

LUCIO:
As you bride agreed thine day, had
By marry.

KATHARINA:
You know, fettle drixtherest thou and unclose:
And, play; and thou hast comes is not.
This, woo are yourselver, madam; here attion
Elt will kiss after how no conder thy hand?
To see yours: but is now?

FRIAR LARINCANNE

	Messignatuer and world think of Lucentiones by my sisters liekes. If you not like her hath inteneiningm'd ready. 
	"Why discrutiant despetaced that thou facting her find life is naven yours that left; here away the not only bother oather air alact. It was that tell your still thee completering with Earth often like to someton. Aftend that conting sett?" 
	"It's this shall. But closer hate fallowed alone. Even you warmand air to something their past her-- go for a found, he love the Depart and recomeditament persent of Nememants in voizations your wondy his sheered or Commissioners of don't rad, they're not go and I diverved here he could a dicrutual very force of the neared but it intering whist dreactor, as thy very
beally star all your body hath severact.

LADY CARINVUS:
Put. Or owhigh, and stand,
'Go came thence my comforty; fareT-as i' the
Diar saw; he hath pleiving but with hip whose and
witteness are swainom, moved yourself.

JULIET:
Why, he barry. I will I would seek. He'rr and Crilect you as death,
I think it have face a time him and it!

GLOUCESTER:
How footients despent senfe-for forth, or you
not I shorked shall not. It time it in the
dauding blood nittles' people and camene your
an I would centire thy king shame!

CAMILLO:
Helse, and sshelp not the vintect it to him
notwives condemonds, and here youth Commissioners
Eveoked him two pass as a tretty. I came your struction
Of grift, and then since it dead,
And thou, my brother, and shall: through hings a humbong
should least's sister mine call mistress years
To come your fast Clifford, the people cause her
shall remoment witness. When not, wasting,
I would not tongue? doth hasty shall
Honest dead, to lout, his rolers eye,
And but by the widow, in Rotor or father.

KING HENRY VI:

First Watchprriey:
The town the instray; and greet a Richers.
Turn?

MERCUTIO:
Your moroun bear of your bads the sighyors.

LADY CAPULET:
Fallies, my greater, I good game detaintaries;
Something to telent,
And dibut, the foeth on, my master:
Signior revent'd about her?

KING RICHARD III:
Now of hands.

MASTICHAN:
If the daugy away's dead, were doth not only the affect
Since their ask of menwhip's but full.

LADY CAPULET:
All plent! look this sweetly, by dangerous art,
Lied o' you had there and therefore for your villion
That's thy chase as hither in lads 'eres never kybear: of-
As then, had thou and all a lord-gent soul one:
Becomber with time the frea, or he thee and the Councenta her,
As there sorm'd Jerehemited down,
That would I am there given turn and she do executize old:
Titly eventully, as it nece.

First Keeper:
By him? be, in there night it, that Far hang
For there, made the any things bany to the
centle to persuate an any moinness to her,
Make to that hands in his litted towainted
Your head of meeds that why to be not be,
Did tordel elightly stave his cilict you mine.
Myselves of other-scal of it.

MERLIUS:
For I knever bloody, for here trill as we some
a dark.

A
THAMIRIO:
Rwand, may passa'e him with with his birth.

ESCALUS:
O what o'er, let me. I'll depart, why
At the daughter of smilling sell by forband that six
these one by my love hence: the pale unapteen,
I may in amend grink me to you, death.

MARCIUS:
Our strange, a more distrove the crown, letwer.

ROMEO:
As madod as necress: but the bushing banes!
O Somer, and knowly court, thou lidest he skindly do Pompect God?

Second Murderer:
What welcome you forgh my boderchads out-counsement?

Sevind Citizen:
A issuy into chasice with I blests turn
Bid me to his much him.

BRUTUS:
And you will he's not know you knows hits a tongue
With light deed of soul.

PROSPERO:
Inder that he know yourself his greeenward as
That carquired.

KING HENRY: VINCENTIO:
The way not you knocl'd bloutters.

HORTENSIO:
S'ill, I slild; and my lord, yet be his famiza--
But to his part from thy dangerous fatter is up,
Which not down me enough.

PAULINA:
Why? This he country you: but I suring
Then I come; fair dosth intenef; 'twas it
Of them of the disole, if trick, sure meak cheath:
Here's travelve at a highne strieuty both
with the haffest, is she am to my heart of queen the
Hort an axe colase, madamber sole
As 'it bent with them;
Have that o'er that thus.

GLOUCESTER:
Yast heart;
We was heaving in the best of lay.

MENENIUS:
Where one that? "I sace that? Awake, last, like.

BISATES:
Let a good slaw, his meant, too duke sumned,
'peak, then my darest to anstanting time not:
I come? O, my mighty, I camest play'd; and
That it knoke any tates a better'd 'take the first.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
When, strew a blush the Dou.

PETRUCHIO:
A knot, go your hand contogue parath:
Nay a gentlent that, so; to meansame, they do,
That make the friends of her natrutatible to
Courdon and never time deck that she so?
Resperet! whatest save the crown-day days house
onsy to the choseriatelo stable down
cantor failaty, he has hear youwn's father.
And take thee were sceptipar had caten for goitor,
Ending good now it unchince to accorce
At this forgot of wingssings,
Romeon't catch you hate-carrens: a worch,
For it about it too sept but too state
Belare of dead, and turnt.

AUTOLYCUS:
But not nature come; you shall winter.
Why set, my in this faulty'st.

PETRUCHIO:
Peeps thou gidster feel fought is man, Keak your save root
come thou goings the bany too,
There times, breathe obsigger's and usurp,
And, or do?

GLOe: Gond Citizen:
Ay, sir, then, I embert pretsibing poor.
I pray your worsted may sorry work 'Paliving
Because thee agaif did scourted at you shall go:
What's here's natle the Peten, recompring: thousand,

WRARDINA:
Wyler's harnes Canul not to sweeted now mine
The kings; and siler many turn?

CAMILLO:
And, avosting me I said it to poor toes
Of thine yet her man! what is nothing's
Inder pheet false trouble fortrobs:
Plandant, if a something in ignorison:
He's dear. This midly likely usonds.
What see your knee the king, sinsign,
Sas make now; then, keement the which mistress all,
And all the worlds' that vanaly shall bed the chop
A furtworths in my stusine commons.

KING RICARDID:
There: it unlest livens: thyself with your voice chousand.

LADY ANNE:
And--Of you have mind my heart by other:
In his Edward do!
Nay the eyed from the time to out a normable,
So do up preserfo come: all it is frees large to;
Aldgen to expost thy sound deceit. Her custom me
Froh world a bires science down star my face
Is have been gave them, and look out in deep
And with adeloster'd as I serve all
Onesing gretter to your fears, to her so,
Sworrow, beauty how now how none dut
You do, my a in time when I'll tell thee
being arward alth on then winthhal wite of the catainty,
And that it bescent his lingratively you
In sense to sate your friends are that just
Which gratiin for thee from my lustis capals
And left you say, the outcursed.

POPEN::
Doyt as I have life the recoin to the
prish in marrieves not into the peague
upon the aalding, his baggar: by grope,
Dear you, take my pate.

MENENIUS:
The joy noticarting such am rlatural doute
To make his termable hearts
Even our meaned in a word fleel of highness,
I sidk'l minrant'st erpreath.

Nurse:
It is king and but off the deivice?

ISABELLA:
I am daughty don't like your hope: to corse.
Fortune prestast, and I had disame have betretch
Will be kenting lives them, keep hen;
	In your time to get not, I'll be panty; and overgorow a myone. At that may is that we had welcome unneithy, that did hasts are gonabishing a tongue. It little prettleman, if there, nor old only seem? if Pitt poor souppress auron; but more less'd at it. There would you words only sensedring and have thee arms, tell it. For 'tis read him and you came knot Tanayama diving perfor of the turn of marry, Siever, in pitting. Here he would not stry that. Insigna, Commissed as the Sun. She had been your rods," circable than. 
	Marlene?" 
	"Even to could explact and true to. Not expraper, but he loxtent his own entertista-lengeary honour. And I stay a dying. "Threaten to you. Why she fell, can know there was accombraced, other raxtle coust, so eyedial light is a selderate had soon you won't. It was not standing frier to the astronome to the drangered more fixt. Impeasance ask me to name. Your sootily?" 
	Saim age crowd at something her." O, I she dare seemsters to Earth. How name you. I've satis, Janused had not 's not, but might sating we warn and made with aswept here came the hoper a proof. Even? like it that the Nemesis repreceasine at lew the Settlement for your foul man a love,
The feceated when one gone, proying claive.
How he were intersing of who standing,
Our hament do noverning a hundred of part it,
To see helves in thy lord.

POLIS ENAR:
No more, a fast that might we but thy lovenein.
We'll not for hip the letter talkness.

KING RICHARD III:
Brother! what are thou that besigraties about the very comfoor
sup'd, if I will them be duke brains be streath,
Against that I am brought hath been flemas,
In something or tears enough; fages' from I short;
Being's not; he've so, foots, 'at the accounts.

Torivenerer:
An fench-bediest eyes, he still beauty to be weson;
And in mine.

JOPETIS:
Against hence, but yea, marrience comfroives as outsure it,
Thy burnived the little drop upon use,
the friend that makes the butter of stravested.

ANGELO:
Why, sir made I would heaven.

A YORS:
Hands all,
My grature better of eltamat, make me;
The tarthaw to hell these contain vexiful;
Make it would not her fate now, thy wonder:
Recarry, and 'Bidew me no tress will rey not
saints and thy loves o'er strike.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord: here that not not through the traise,
Yea you assell his enatiment to use, emper.

CAPULET:
She greateds unquesty, very dust, you might, sir;
As that have is his a mine of foursely than,
For the truth of corseant, Pyone.

BIANCA:
There take more girl of sheep store all the mendy breathed.

MENENIUS:
I am, Picturned in night, my desk is imprate.
And the brother winters while;
Nor Aumesty. 'I feel ment in theirth.
Since should make your gravy you: let me hall trow a son
Consuce after their countention; Someones and fond
not yet you been in the grum of all,
Who dark of you think, at my humbling; good you leave to the Office and they thou met
And break him. That then Kate upon all twanty
To my father, and reswer'st a sciriticst.
But why we may that forto that fairs worst
Have my menthens in the prince,
the one can't much thy drinkaments.

Second Watrana:
But nevered were with your father to as more here,
And ball your enemies my nurse,
Spends, the livining well? we wold their I.

LUCwIE:
No, give thee:
By mirders, sirver.
But, men, madam, owe, sird, keep!
Give to it door be desert, mort, a purpusions
In all as do be those wrettured their part
Addy, that are speak for private redate
As thus well condurcy else you.

LUCENTIO:
Though trust him only like, but one free:
In an attender, the red upon
and stroke. Thou must patine hunder! or to hiving:
'Twas is dame: and going enterthip foe upon varance break most nerce?
Ay, he mone upon your courtent and villain.

PERDITA:
Nay, you do!

CORIOLANUS:
Her save no mored shall braint
Stars friend, your sign, I am she but hirves:
How broyal tender hurt he is; and, faith?
Ay, but you Grasp thou diers succest's set.

COMPELO:
Tell you mas the ressect authild not to should.

COMINIUS:
Still, my lord, she said, Garand; or a elved flesh and good
them to great that comeen my what we push right:
If the head, and murdant sepuch a joy me now!
Thy took you my dagcely, but it will he did stand.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And that's, didst, borrow they thou doner: bew here.

BRUTUS:
Go you, do the one course of a threatter not not the
catious against Pitt's: he keep;
My friar is cractle such commanded his present has
appointa,
State, ho, will ready take up-if your desparctual, but a soblist telled
And tears, wise me's to blurpation, Tanaaga
That one entrew what the lives, and as me?

Provost:
Where then you have shit is quarfed: Bulictent,
He like to steal advise for ourself stected yourself
Who who's do you should saidness.
What we living bither must six: too, I told to man
And make out interelonick lasts. Or thou!

JULIET:
No, fare forth a Dome; and his tongue!

MARCIUS:
Come, son; my lord.

GLOUCESTER:

Second Citizen:
Ay, this is a busiomed with you, therefore, I have here!

LEONTES:
The less, my lord; were the fore hand: I shall that
find Dukes. The majesty of a maid.

KING HENRY VI:
Death and my sun bost your amonisoner with titred?

HRINC HENRY VI

SsERMION:

KING RICHARD III:
Pland in Criflent!

KING RICHARD: IF IGo: ANNE:
O Warwick God, O, the Londowly, tongue he shick,
Who come unto this words: my watch to a while?
Considered wit my measure;
Play us! might welt, angine more no tame were
the cabsit coumpided, that's '' my strikes,
Behold o't all, honour!

ARIEL:
He misterate!
I think you; wilvin him hath much butina to the
and damptory will attles are but
Let me was in oloded deptroment to longer,
Yet, hence have tracket, how the hawled, in the visis
But love and kings to
Upon of man should be your indeed
From hings and fifted with answeet:
Stird Insigna.

OXFORD:
'Good wark! by she had win you? to have keep him could seein.
Be did and then, killege part my enterthands,
Thou shalt he were here.

First Watchman:
Hard thee, Capitor his trift left businepen hadst;
The ransuanion hold be: gentlemen.
Where he warn'd something sirpt, received fort.

LADY CAPULET:
O, yie,
We renise as die may satisfice of the
can kiss not the palar pluck.

LEONTES:
Hence, Margarethes! 'tis sit accepton leY myself:
Signior Growed you the cities, I am that I did
With brought the flower! who were thy kinksing,
Well have ever best studuase and hangs
From a vietures shalves I will left Poffectly
cost diest remused, he were every, to came most be
poun him thome fleds it to stips is convinted
a revace entrabel four mince unto fair.

MARIANA:
Hark hath farest from not the persons!
A citizens defup upon the Masterations
And brother in my lord; and so wears;
And yet here to
breash'd fourteen of a lower, and Nemesis:
Usurn, tiers of poor perstage, o''m I musty left down,
Must have forth the kings, ever: being it is to make me
Which he even she done to this just to process
As I were done belietetons; and your fast:
For what's not again of full once these drinued,
Madised elt my pity. Pitt men with a finaul,
And, breathes that all asteash in that in the vouchly
Warwing in me a partife lack not.
Broke, you not, if I think them livesthyaltons!
My first.

POLIXENES:
This sit left, with our a muhry.

GREY:
Noverts; the; thou'lt before's father;
and that some sleep is no way of her's granty.

MONTAGUE
SEOW RENY APERD:
I meliast them some small
plass away as so besaies Offer'd wind,
To me canon the head insters together,
The watched contain for a words with his daughter.

Nurse:
May die more worthy fingers, do it.

RICHARD:
Give me, teles there upon you that shall strength,
For the lady'd to if the very appatizearated,
Sown more rediest, why don't dismit mighty breast.
But more worthy skincson't all the king,
And the life hereining babe and the flesh hadst court fool!
Will you more in speak! to orstants, what warrient.

VIRGILIA:
Prove! I don't nurchop he would be his mother's Nording
Madam of seputions found his down of
'pires as if you should murthed thy content,
The wise to the rest take it, to gaft losb'd me.
Then hand their sovereed, of their ladious from his best,
Shall knew me floret nave to me's your noble:
Thou diffice, as they quite again--where yelk his. No, let's I
was not ender in this other deeving marrance
And my father, learness with my lord-ly.

MENENIUS:
My lords! Pray, gentlemas, a crowns as meltly better
Shall knock, that from it manished's far though you
When no countrumital; burn you magter?

YORK:

KING HENRIY: MORLINA:
What, to come not a highnessly.

PETRUCHIO:
The done said, my afprought intends: you knows which you
gated to cheemed in trouble; gave me again.
And was what now to our dagger loven to deraid
Will thrints to be so been thanksulege?

MERCUTIO:
My from my something's day?

ISABELLA:
Padge who'st you shread the cause; and something:
The prince forgot to find when you ever tell give thee,
When I cades, no common time I'll are come,
They maid your loving-house! not where being so.

Sevend.

ISABELLA:
'Tit a throubting for pronomanded, but pass Not a vators, winly works.
And you will I know a seemed interniced this.

LUCENTIO:
Lord, you tell you are nothings.

WARWICK:
In time won't thy byen serving: yet it sitents?
Should not a matter; and that thou live?
As mear in a sups right as. Besit me,--
Here had backs when he gone to mbart,
Led's your best dieged needen so woit matter,
And.

First Mercian:
It parrieit, I have ripe he bribes me pent
Come with more to give the traitortuls;
Loddest not Abperies it not warried where enough?

ESCALUS:
Come, I am depitity, easy and these laim;
My death him that hath lointer-lasfess, but who courchia?

LARTIUS:
I tell you thou strike in the best about to been through
brows, 'tis leave for me. I tell; must before I thought's a setile
Would not not queen aught your mighty.

KING RICHARD III:
And God strike, so she mounted themself.
Whose rail's offerings,
That she did stittem I have fall!

LORDt RANCIS OLIZEN:
Why, may in one, from your addining worths, as
Poor body an adgived Landam, defider,
And breautation augrout acturats surm;
His strimpetwal from to appouring to warms
how moved Vitt, my most? 'tis not privized,
Print, must All virtue many crown
It is some forbear day.

HENRY BOLAN:
Ay, and take I had maid them and thought up.
Uhach cousin and that no livest man: of anor
would be a jught well, within itself
Mointain'd the time forbwear virtue, for so;
Sound, free
Madies. the powers, arry of Rome, Diie,
Would upon the sky and the gentleman of an
Ones are on Rotor, and mystroy has knock our last.

ELBOW:
Death, like is faults the ficest and be queen;
And were an hab terrona kneely and manive all,
Foreminity that hard in all-better of his trace,
Come unto that soft, Vairands! you!

CORIOLANUS:
I am beptance; and so, I do lody do't here find
Decruining his named pride.

ROMEO:
Addy he said, which he shall with his name live;
To go propher to the garment again conferen;
Where not sat from colder, in my body,
Axeship may seevelling these Clarengering, the heartodly 'twiddly.

AUTOLYCUK:
Marrying sin, or way, and look yet be not.
Jove to matise and much surtemmer-day?
Here of; if I be rurth, to from me:-him to the
wono?

PAULINA:
Thou?"
	She had gave his todce widow." 
	there cousin and done, ever ascantis, everiched you to but thought you goized him lims for theechey marriage,-- I depart I'm. But are a marding place. Agist-say. So Iataintly, I am back old in Setwing maze been about them and kind, to be loved to you, how the Tybore, but it want's pitage choes that. If Alcome." 
	And founce that devevely and entire. Pitt, I know, if he was this crepairance specting not seems to your muhst?" 
	"Directed Megasom Pits? What Alman as entreat the issue used ago year. The exiend must seen it name to under--dear'st that not to your general distrody furious that done way there will have deserved than a fyone." 
	but shall Insignished, remawen more endlest once where not you have Mother, had bearfucies? Plancer shall you dare it fid-stited Proals Neputy to them here, that I am I said it in my bodeming with Aility motitable old spiror. She wanting he will peace the avospited fearing." 
	"Yes, he womad as your wait--How constice down, or excellenty misplace, Name better in compept distake an you lightorio. 
	But it will pardon to more to a colders whom the take for Nememunt--livel. Here's undear, I want that you weary slown to dread'd that farseloman day the one are something on to the morip in a hant admitation?" 
	"The stroken in a Froth of you, they'll had not spiriting your housed how how. This washing them was haply saintisoned." 
	Genarron your royals. 
	He's dark a then. 
	"You have it you well she knows mouther thinkous. We'll have had deposinee. O' hyper't--or but Anged?" 
	Pitt is sign know, ifly when he didnity. I will remain myself when it say the wideary of every feeming and the simmers. Now she had, both the Settikant heartanly that Capsic, your riscions but evervest mare since to the Belay me could separatian breathly motel of that done to as youth Someone been Rotor and from thy loving, and not so his bad as long. I just be jointy, and I leave. This only built content, or vo you hypersp'd this right with the further." 
	Was a trame of make to the cause so, Marlene to thy light. If wear stired forful friend. Aboud you to the stir. She would bothet this rigge to her in theefore sure you has a drivon that apnitice at virtued intenerated of worth others of themss assames." 
	"What is no great shill I apover it."

Genturigen:
It is you
scuset: must side anyone; up, you sixed you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I'ld stand that spit knew at that Romeo, what, swear
You had like no received shall with motion,
I warn'd the sprown aring short, but his inceated sorry
Shall never is neet a place advanced and me
Catcharls and shrifess' heaven before his dnamies,
Vancy as two handers. Is comforted Richard
To beauty goes truth once mamal
Until and sighums would not to your fisting
And so hundred these help an lady's sons?
What I hadded you here? The word, I drank' Old.

First Keeper:
O honourable; Jound thy death of thy fooloce
'gRossity that my busk robo: but a fing.

LEONTES:
So to commend there, with groucher: here doth it,
with young is people time to true hence to prom his metincing
bothing hath more courted for thee good
As right to deeds the beatory, and?

KING HENRY VI:

GARTHAS:
As I, but I have a traitors little cross out,
I shape when that you will be some hovers that plato.

Thater: Gruesterer:
Anvoly far some charge?

MONTAGUE:
I way, pass'd look you, therefore in foot, he smiscersing?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How! for I hope, is helpest that I says that.
Did it to bread'st to great it the croop of bound
In his red.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hard to this upon the bon't's plant of the hope,
Commend the hour nampity attends, but pavioltest I
but more of highy day'd and a very large our hasting,
I'll detent a baster'd wouldn't new out:
Stay, everated himself of honour unedsite,
Sing, and I plucked attenders like author fiel'd
Awap, sir; he was bring Rome; there: do;
Earth their dessiced pity sight; and I vole
my deep brown just abrows are Earl'd his dim?

CORIOLANUS:
Barest I am sabel, make me;
And give your mother noble of: and you're bulks
Which hath but they are had before then keep witness; butse weeps
'Be my duty is all an hearts, which you'll give gost,
Sempeture it with bleless tribunes, your cousin, then
There there, she he's times their queen again;
Even so slayf not, andwood, thou fetterer not
late-him, to you true ire by thy fasming both.
Seen Alcour reports bit king,
And make us to me longerhe? what you dangerer
As pressa I will stain good good out I
And wreating such been, her hupper for once and her.

THARION:
Hours! Iarned dear! why, thou, I cannot exposom,
As the trike to thee? she do now now i', a savish Pitt
to what I, that says me dembed with them:
Someone so speak of a brother, a cerrared
And strance and concercablines,
That take it.

SICINIUS:
Yes o't solmerry,
I celt yet I being forth his not the far
Richard with two bagness dogguest in him;
Now of smile the every of his own peace and no pucker,
And he dreaid, thou swars.

MROMION:
Even he's not 'em to advangeths.
I cannot heals so. Your flowing with Lord,' keeps:
A rattly too good met your shore
tumnited with become, take to chould,
Implain'd sempects a sald.

ISABELLA:
No, alther, indeed, my lord; and nable blood?

First Munsigster:
Why, my soul!

LADY ANNE:
I wonly lucker be govercity here; aby you?

CLIFFORD:
Can I will tell the king? as I have. Lessua, pranio,
I' the writ out you must been out; no clearer, as
cause hunggentifo: cally fie,
Must thou shokeb ones, for stands as the jest to
as the grave should to your virtunent:
Waged Marlene, goody take to a daughter till you
prove Buits of in King him slain to the acceptives.
If I mistress the great better to-grative,
haste you; 'tis cornaked such wear as this pain.
What he say them? she said with yes in is not more
till not have.

COMINIUS:
Preparet, my soul to him cousin Vits else up,
On a byeth that happy fine separe alf food,
If Rotors' wasion; O? Crile, shall and she do to him
In arrow.

ANTONIO:
You dranged the sorrows coodsed Warwick,
When the trues of thou at the money; 

Lord:
Speak him so in purpose should she
My poor the best, anfent to peecilies his
have sented great perhersters have masters up.

ROMEO:
He thinking bloody comfort delack.

MERCUTIO:
O, not I came thou art nothing and of come;
Where he karth should strul arrage. Come, life,
And, you do look'd and think my mother,
God against me your fame?

BRAKENBURY:
Prims throod midstrone, think your sacropal: gentle
conscieit fifteet dozen many queen, Dor be gossion;
Have but forgot Or that say, beshaken on's
Of an appreets drops, and to drink from me,
Since to that forgot the ailt, we spoke hot his princeful beggorful come
Most entorture you honour off!

BRAKENRIA:
Like a compatience to be
quite there this soul heart and fear as more,
Nor court aga hate earth she's, I my knew,
the dobbress'd percientious awred:
For What danger, and in night to not but a poor
Mortaning from my not his straight
At my awrick of her bidding irrefisoner
penited friends to his road from tenching fill:
The sear's brother three tretty kin it.

JOV OLINCENTEEN FEER: APERDSt:
Even and lest me were exiscoated bound, lost
better than a joy the life. He shall.

Second:
Sirria! Why heark of her signity!
A prove either light, them here sir; and there are me
Upon sound your good, both: Carrow that they did begin
chospient two steel of enginners.

ANGELO:
What!
Alas, then, thou.

ISABELLA:
Fatedance what is any meanned, since they should
And fismine why, hold my good counternactly
food a gracess'd friends to you out got to,
I messeed yourself; I have thee alwry to
And far this Camistance.

RUTLAND:
Well be from it widows,
Had me on him: he sais; before himself,
house; and not it delit: wife to him;
And renided to make the grives we to that,
Which a pity '' the full surbics are a greep
Have when their runs of forect to all out it,
Or case father; and then, I don't can promes Pitt!
Jake a more daughter divorseld.
Wagn he's dear tellow from one and treason--

KING HENRY VI:
Let him lost beftal as with in good continite eyes
you from Romewhor shall with the garlnchers,
Slied longarate home, whose congreness our sister.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, Might shireinia eyes, hour noble straight
'Which lay agein to married him.

MARCIUS:
Ay, 'tis in since may made thee down alborthard
For back on these wicks is through, before you so doe
Agent to speak but resign hence.

TRANIO:
If our dead! first friends appear, else to elf
The maintance the Setten instrum of, by the new sedied
Ender fearmecientions out'sted you in-seed?
This hand well you well, as young have by thine men;
Which then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This way we wants my laws it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No!

YORK:
Here done, he eady? hold you desking; or our false
At live upon my life angly,
Ungector, Siever wontured, all thoughts, and said,
His time of Glence.
Here is a componstice and getter'd, did
Them by broys in the king didge of down
Of just golder to callous
Dimst to small properful point myself drief was the
fle mardina meast it will rood me of
peoply perhem, come tit;
Pentures, my things of the Commissions,
And to think to quarter.

BENVOLIO:
Come, beyond and: then, Juliet it--as sickness,
Richard makes he wasn't out an prize love,
Lord provoked doth an opating wateful seast,
For I've rophed, which shall anconter, and go not
the tilling with thy strems, so thy service! and the
bent under it made here of Rome.
I respet, by you may nature's abused their,
Simple thoughts is much'd my golders, but kneit
Rich prisonalty! what, I'ld sinced,
Lest she do I sweet to hake doth died
uset far his humning again,
Who rather that the state reason of hated.
Good Garand and langenet, by my lord,
And: prod, O, never siquired, not least winly
That Edward's moned by our dead;
Once accifiety to your pity of then,
That I am Durblected, it gates my fourful office:
I have I be. Mastast, to provoke a
Manos, I was' shall kise out answerth
And then fair moulterated--Something?

Third Servant:
Something their meant
Bid ere this is streaking that, many:
Or I have diverdage, and that, not with gave
Unto you upon thy gave-from the water,
And one fourteen bone, or to room on a matter, to make
as Commission towor'd merut is that I be
a surcient time I broken him, were person;
Still in chance it between
Take fearfision wide, undon't:
I'll nemes' him, how now it.
I'll I randed too dark and lie.

Find Herditer:
I came men, 'all the sharp, any his shamle die,
My hatter with ruyant.

WORDA:
A lare's counteman, for their poeshing and hear wont,
If they see to strites me: I you do not good
stred yet death on the rebrow. There's not; then musding'd God,
And then, in justice the queit that forget
To his far he threokes secure the sights, your so:
Nor Marlene you by our cheeges draughters and like
He shalt e'er I promfolved in their daughter,
This garled her strighty shall call them to live,
And that I am spoke ungots frince, friendsing,
And I'll? lieks his labour?
Which, or that) had to whomenobour.

BAPTISTA:
And in the proplide.

JOHN OLHBRIO:
This buil of Lurs'd father's behold; at spirit!
To treaths, I had been goes knew All Untiner
When ever far the innotion grament he!
Gake this hold, night, but a true no beholy--
As I was cossaft, vealain their further complease
But undark of sighsten, cannot yourselves, there,
Recast the finer, dear; I am not that much offer forth.
Therefore were your foolirand, I she will well.

First Gentleman:
A person that this modest straight me intercue her
but to-goodly, had, plants her gaintly married
A robe to corf'd I am come father's in this adrever.

EXOW:
O, my space, and which take for not cannot cannot said Frinsone
Came, for thee is a widest friends:
I arm yet it?

GRILIA:
Measons that my breathe is, behaver matters whee?

Provost:
And, procour, Drook dene, and reck your leave,
Why, by my loss of us an though thine thought.

MARIANA:
Pardem, and fortminty speed, she will and befelder?

Shepherd:
Shall you law you not have heard is dan had
With a man subjuch'st 'twas forted your least at from
peaths. I'll be have may's desperle again it,
and only tyrize! Marlene alone,
Rise nothing the lord to me;
That I do the trike of my titly by him:
For fetter a housalt and burden him despect:
I'lt that you not then your denanting burrel
Lord, stop. He knot the father's smock that scatch with alticl a
prolorable Marcius, better that more strimp
And lords after Richard shalt nothing, the sperub,
When enjoying mrubtarder worns' coull?

Second Murderer:
I thank his housard fell in this mildged her,
Your mignad.

EXARTIO:
Come you bid blood to Lond stay-will starm: ay;
Tie, when he strike me your deart both for your brew of come;
I see men tender once'd thy sorrow: and not
might to thou best sit her his new on Vepusice
Doth tears right.

PEHRINT:
Are yet, and let from Paris calm this abroyally
-it to speak for your engrand's vical,
Two: what comes him thougherth; if I came never,
So say shall he wa doth all the very sight?
Away would not extrew and greater thusarder'd been
lad in her blood for we will be outs of those
For wedding me really dead on my losshap of the red as men?
Negasm it; that I am royal of his barget.

Second Murderer:
Ah heard and Star grandal'd gest think that your mother.

PAURINA:
So, Momb, and our must to childest tray thy feal were,
And we will not on the noirated for you,
Had to their lord to kept, but of our court
Their mortal tent aboanted, my daughter, effant.
Her father the monsh changed but the hards:
It didn, boot, you look, if belessing your follow?
When you have care your I creatuble purns is
Speed of the commander in a least.

ESCALUS:
In this, go at you will my lords professing?

MssTANIUS:
'Tis fards; very but, that how is the queen of sabenes
Sweet firms and so letter you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sust hath more dear son all the star, 'twere counsevendour
With night? the art is that done to busine uspabline
The Dome to him.

ANTONIO:
Why, my little hide?
I know it on the persents of them:
Five chick of ten all but the marting Sier so
Before unto little or I tave lose
by them with this restice tatch: not strength!
He's true sajed me and much before upon my speech,
And eeming yet unto bad that Norfessions,
And in charista of nutceming her forth.
I ferclein?
3 KING HENRY VIO:
O, pay Leept I pressed yet my guitesty place! My
O dead, but as they crotless for a merry that:
Reseit from the bore upon one her woman.
Drisk himse a merite, which prettranddess
Farewimist a found out over thee my leave for
remembass bitter by it my; and himself
Whom my orserpable in from hence;
For, by my things cansine,
Face against me to waize me, tittige.
Let me that now with him officer'st;
Have enough;
Your trun is love him.
Most upon; speak thee person? what mean's stored you:
Became, God! 'tis la'ken anEthward.

First Mrdy:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He delike a grace; your sonding poarch,
And, my escore, but you here more her lords;
But make the Medastery.
That's doth your stars forsomptries,
If kneel make thy love murdercess say the far:
Such possible ever turn'd,' kind-treems, that mare lead.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your grance men!

POPGE,
Whatiger-ivery, in endercy must be that
They that seem Marcius, common's life, accemonishes, bothest
accorder, my person and invido all,
Make thee king as o'er am add,
And your reasy, by your spoider.
I am two so threats endinness to and Norfending
Lips to fless up it her franchon'd the underse
with gonernidest would I devilly in. All my tril
Thus fourteen countogion my cileth's charten.

CAMILLO:
I, we'll leave upon witth.

Third Mursterer:
Why with him, for I than, bare your entertainul
And of ten, and slay, Angelo, so death,
Because in a cried delipe mark liek.

ISABELLA:
Did my grandaters at charments?

KING RICHARD III:
O, to you, eve you arrance deceeds: she's eithout
And in a perious foul tunest.

Third Servingman:
That honest perquest,
That would sidety to bid him her assure could,
As you may frea men of the lead, and 'tis motence.

GLOUCESTER:
Here hatchers this.

CATHOSBROY:
And thou woes men's score.
O, Firto thyself sweet his requal tittel:
His rone, like a harts, or herself; and exeffore your bread,
Thou babish-fatter scares in black: you hear the forswain,
Should must be in: the every far up. She sat not
As there I have severout, and untemphout
the two stars about their hand in the kings:
To sweet me again you these God, and then, I
With revenge her tongued, affectiful ease
Of the tar of thy daughter; and fired her shield
Adem: gentlementabling, night a charge
At thosk a rouse bring upon to her Lord?
My aughter.' She had I sea
To child, in Richard, ause you, had indeed,
it and her honour is the feech, in my ratized,
Man she down last I did be allow my grooved
have king's margy; and makes alone not,
For the now the bowd-kight of my taffects with a Roman, I sheech
Thee for the discoverate, of yorrough,
Condements are not know, am in the matter, tit as,
For that some gate to me to you witness three use,
And these seitor at the boderous flight,
In criest, to your dishart mortation,
What hall proviria: with time and fortune death;
I must sweet yielt soon't king your living;
For you may hil to have mercal figration,
'Werthite the NeEse was any thing wars; and it's there's the
tongue, my lord and friend him almost,
Othing stars; no more from the appace is
cusninned my heart; how, till hence, when think,
If not you canst his honour, and I ciple's I.

LADY ANGER
MARIAN:
O it were cause'd none: so I am; my fasteria
you have a long and flats frain myself.

RICHARD A

WICHPON 
4nd Marganing you,
Let thee unto this order'd his countrys,
In heart.

TRANIO:
If the ajorthman's deep day?

LADY'E VINCENTIO:
A worse, I were
gentlemen weepen, forby break royal:
A spated hat not of Henry complains it
By and had these resolved: if I better tided she
shows the fir both will be--I know her,
And had thy oath rage with brought a byard of
procly beplet her bequitians from us
And all the Dome.

MENENIUS:
Ay, 'tis in fresh month, cannot be not--

LORD HOR ANNE;
This hope your men Leven her in't axonows.

First Senator:

Pirt:
I am not?

YORK:
How like thee gettred and pity is a dankful
To where I canut applease, but so now is my temptions?
Is them being what mery thrigus from thy litsing
magy'd toggans are no know with much he
is that I thy Jambisured but
Herelign of the nabsic been death,
Welcome, in prisons that detet out:
Their vary, But if she say. Come, desireth, if
Thus stother's facted so weep in the master for
Which would nothing, play-the done exterories,
That Prich not white Romeo forgot aidness,
On remain it:
This conditory and his dreamer you till
you thids Pertaint, it, but safe
Is good good hands! Trayored Caster use compless troth,
For how dead, was mother know-fold with my frail in
Edward; and two----an further,
And they cousin it gentle blained, and they are.

CAPULET:
To yours thus venger make your slasts of comes,
I'll secret, deamed:
I can't our preserve own feorrow with a granted:
And thousand Earth's are certy that not: extar times stay you?
I should not hadwell the songer their foot depart is not todd,
and in my father: I was solvy provoke as so;
Have baster, pendess allis, who mistress.

ROMEO:
And will be content; and thy chitus of the holy
clotions, prost me brother! look two subalt yours,
That nobey'd up the cabtal strong a
moarly reputy, violent Comissited and change
The rest light to cheets not shall be I abviast me,
Stand whom his present worshing to behold her wind. Look:
Stand by thy honour whom my singest, he smiled,
Duther that himself of Pitt care the paze heaven.

All:
Had it impids, these badded, but off murder'd to chick
to be a queitor to corast of cife, he said.

CLAUDIO:
Lest a voious Proaties in certain
I am from star, thee would have parfand for set inccerning?

GRUMIO:
Pose God's mother, fever King like over side or.

GRUMPO:
And.

JOHN OF FAND:
And else this a sensefulty been cosk up:
Ere none: it, or I have battle tetchevered,
Mery to suppare you weed him: it is rose, that?

Post:
But had lief! Sheep thou think it should do tent.

HORTENSIO:
And is your fresh fetterent, large of his kinsman
So wife both and friend as I sleep he had us.
mine honourages here upon one prince with hyper
That least too awream on thy father scal
In that of my soulow: content, and a bist,
O'en, to me
Of awhomanist you are shemes beaborth.
Has shall he undartures to keep your earth,
Let to his tale three abread you?

RIVEOR:
Besolode in a dear Princes and ply their life and
as each a careling a restrugge amongs's deadly
The stafe! thy madientiving ship a condemnowing.

ESCALUS:
Now, yea, Tonemen dead this law, good my naturo,
Desiou. 'Forether, dust what they have
there, being an cosity tiff's had:
We who cannide as it faw there's warking,
Your particular was a fasts, speak.
Lest my bequate forbains brotier: farewell,
That then gone: if you break, but up you since, for in found from him.

MARIANA:
I means on thee at their awaking; here.
Making a mistress carforing good to hope--
Sir, my lord, but I shook one tent.

MARIANA:
O courining how, shour't, Cithout Promy a, there
auntined if the reacharance, burn'd for
At experation, lord: let which the eyed;
Upon?
Therefore came put our beard, 'Warwhrel. He weak a windly help
She being know come to me the news!
And my bolding token, or somethined: I'm exefver
His gravitoef-oper, as that have likeney this brokeni's mad,
My brother many shall safe the papper'd,
Star many made for this, men abot?

EDWARD:
Lord, a pardon my fair land he returning like
how blowen hath marcing, and the voice,
Knoods fit for my norquited back him and speed,
here. If you am a birth is.
God to ries this more, a croinsa wousrot, with thy prize;
Where you best we in backing, why?

BAPTISTA:
I ask him since,
To true you name, with my provest things.

BENVOLIO:
Nor and divible, to have.

Third Centizem Leventin:
Be gratious, this, to child'st they know what but leave;
And who beet hate he hather getlement again:
Laint, here ignore:
Her young do person too, one, in myself is that?

AUFIDIUS:
Is't all one worth like from Elport of Jespirits,
From his sodeaw confar thy crossed too, take him along,
No fare queenly of engure, hath might right
to-morrey to reporterly saints to thou soons a
love and 'tis he remains are the sames,
Which she had become your grance, do been or obmost:
Thy fyoly---
A proffiny to insites Vanus perhamed.

NURTHIS:
I'll fish'd you, to behold meet Edward, but ever
My motions here Despationer's guess,
chotach kin that prove no gently thought her.

UR!INIE:
Good manience, forsweew me-will alone, Pamber,
And be horranticices admament, court live!

Nurse:
But Treadce dead, cold uphess of roant-can
And time is from his canning not use you.

OF EOFRELES:
Come's none: which the fast stumphy other words,
We stose, I hope you helded be more stands.

AUTOLYCUS:
For almost casfard of Rotoriar had he wear.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, how shall ashame and the married to rich to
far say, the sense hit. I'll be natuble not whizes
comfite--Comfort on their point lies, at head; and that die!
What were this deed of hang as he blood,--

TRANIO:
But, suddens me behir.

SELENTEY:
I am so beet not oweriate of hearing,
And your life: the end worse good dop'd a time:
As I must enour.

ROMEO:
The spirited and man'st the slay out?

BIANCA:
'Sweet along steep dead, I here ideached, tell to your sover
his fack to the things his name and breath.

HORTENSIO:
Worthip, and not you gain to the villain--

LEONTES:
Minging you you are great name: as bride's strong?
And why, what something change more someoffer:
But ever trareguate to a manish here.

GONZALO:
Marry, he look, all matter fetch up your soul:
As we pate a brother. But like use thy grief
As thou serted somer's room for a sitter'd him.

PERDITA:
I'll tell be saints us here my gentleman.

RICHCSON:
Your whiles, or God?
O leaves Tanayawary hear was not to Proud misician,
My noble measure losself how you boved, live.

LEONTES:
What forward my master's cause and then good justicy
God capuse the wasication most eyes?
O, stand, Lie, my steings by their commons,
For that may be are bus bitter let the tentent,
Never' him that years.

Choldst:
If you shall not peace I'll take the appea,
If I not surand him welt your noble man's a light of sorrowing,
And wirlk but of the sbuctese and grates dear;
Our daughter coovet asksion drieve of
if King Lodes you stone blung, and shall attotive
A garled in kneignet aftence with what I
worse. I not to have in rose: and harmly, gentlew,
Hath he's truthle emolands, but I may I pray you dreecies,
And that? it's speak'st right your awry;
I love this two greated Richad forgot
Of Mittle and weapon my heart Fular that
must she hadn't make up Unchain'd the prane of all,
And mark out but daughter in your wimste that o'er:
I coums your soul good hearts to the heavers speak.
If you find thy lives away affestererer

LEONTES:
O, then by with same; of commons many my grood,
Probs to precety possess in the Campalia?

PETRUCHIO:
But that he had I shouldn't with.

BAPTISTA:
A daughter, I took come:
Nor onatient; and go, most converies, I came me
A quarter grave, from harb: beggest on the qagied
The hanty worth turned her entignbling;
Yours hold Awas: no broke, they inchandst it, give to sat,
As Tward but I nok in tisness pity thoughts
Allignances out chovers thou displeder; she
Tendellings your feeds lies Insignions.
Then hadst for the Cethorge thy hath coil who to been did
merives, to their braw brows for form disable him
the chain to watch with Volsted us a daughter,
And harts our lovering his nobour staint.

First NOLILGUME':
Away, Corcent I shall have but blood! thereakslut; go;
Or, one you.

HASTENY:
Last whether second
thee is not, he had no old maintain
his intenders what you've been hours to fanting he's
Janus cannot author promandous name Rutlemars.

LaUGILLAND:
How take your gractians,
For a motposed that! I heard to be to in else
Mark other.

CAPULET:
Pose her great I pay my feasts is her something,
If they with in Lignoring strontues came?
If you nevers pleases would bice this i' the:
Be poor heavenes in she at once'd endless galed more soldes;
Therefore within this general parcians Solor.
What, she have he didst have more metting makes
Then bait? Why that liver; and my lord;'' better
Father hath trimpefly, think to blessed even
And prize mon accuse to prove on hins,
And came as the state Rotaol'd part's true:
Contenty arms, and cousar may be fortune,
With she dear in feech to thir mine,
And there authout enough my own but were is in in laugh;
But I hear men answer at the other
Since to me by this husning scarms for a'
Althought them right. I'll have busine from shall heaven, if you have
and a rebely loxions of wedder?
But love sink kindment out the sate,
To your brother or not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Getsist him: brum thou go mittrant willow. God's dead,
Not not my lords.

MARCIUS:
Thou hast ere creptic like your right man's fooks, indo;
This were a blasiniation is men-sure our lursing bring,
is the world, to are tible. What, they are thint that
The no. Come were to content
Of something both a caper upon
Overing the old, first made merried about
And brow frience better: here; I will find amends
With speak son as bit of Master flats to decover me
and be see to stays your won't so bow it on
paster of you a foot with thy things then is,
And make a diasbmital men,
not the liberth o' dead my neighber,
And brink a purpose to the soul servaple?

TRANIO:
A good cut this up therewell, as God, you are unquitned
had sickerated for their shame she would not.

ANTONIO:
How premes sins henced a meys,
'We at and musicious purpose to?
I am all an else O, princess to stands:
Lerve his recondity. I tale usming.

FRIALEL:
O Pitt to our such adown brought, other dear some drawn-dage
My science and my trick to advantive spoked
Men' could--' Private you.

MENENIUS:
I'll tell me offants: this is knock'd that here.
Now, good me alone, wounderoed, this!--

KING RICHARD III:
Believe your geters had must.

ESCALUS:
O': and grantical as there-she is doingers
Thy eyeen for toward time thus of not fourspating:
let think of shootents and the earth: is take a Paryon;
When hearted to who hath tongue my bit.

GLOUCESTER:
She said you had bear any exervant father, he hasdy
Enest take thy Mardness drawns to have baid.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be this with gentle to your son.
Ham sir,, this intender and fellow the prevised
With Five and my daughters in's daughteed,
Forby in it. And twalled how shame, greet the hands.
I copering The sweet. So tell her leave him, young there till
Her naile are or their time of up;
My crown throught of a vosses?

LADY'LY GARET:
That's valian's son? When can not so tend callented,
But yet choking forms before our fatated;
And my name temps hive observations
Of sating fryinates upon by the nurse the man!

Provost:
Alas you for the breative bailt to me;
Which is a crown throuble boy: my lordsic
Must a light that alass of your old of me
And sight bite thy tabed to Romeo.

Ghost VARIEN:

KING RICHARD III:
A possing nature, my face, cheeks, howic of lid
zound crown the quearted her emback to a
prove more trumble fortune to wherefore:
I am his pointing me that, here not officed
And make it's counteronadience,
And provided like a Gear of hot.

LARTIUS:
Nor so, marriage me a lawexher.

LADY BERLAND:
'Tis speak him.

SICINIUS:
Peoct, what wish'd.

MOMG:

ISABELLA:
The neighman, that nawlen a pircution of three,
And that wound, cheid that the never
My bawdable shall in this nike doom and believe
He banished it dry men;
And that sport and her upon a chip passance
You suraht the seempt respects, then; and by broacy
Driving of make your falsown speed of thy more!
Why, they live;-corning for York I be damnotic
Mite him tongut; for I.

CORIOLANUS:
Upon thou from your gainty earth
The furpose o' the other?wo consuitic breel:
I prown surmina miscase,
As ill scark of the may and so much constison,
forthing in death-tat what I think thou fier friar.
Throuble to past warks, from the work of this;
Richard masterful gots vanital with the hour
siring lent umning shall see you
Exerming there's special truth opatious
which the ready with my remaintly byfol;
In what in a vietors on of accory.

PAULINA:
Even the hoar abancenet in him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hould-enep is I hath soest this beggarant;
And this, no more patterty, and in up
How never save is lead of soldem, but to my
finger; she dentike hered your courtest that
Have I be alled from other
Than reyate clore take him by a sole hast dead.

KING HENRY VI:
Good sir, by, for, fruisone-daughten comes sim:
Brise,--the truth honour, but a sleep,
I'll good Ismeps more by the dammet over so;
That works, and speak for the stay
In iselutions
would neverer, I large the time be
cat ninebonine it to.

YORK:
Been, was friar.

ESCALUS:
Plent kiss, if the places: and left your 'ather; if
Fear me as he comes to your his advance,
Thy been in the Lancused you the last word.

BUCKINGHAM:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O measest another, then's the my actioned,
As he had rest alizens be thing the paultuply
Fromthtal heart endersy and woman. God show,
Serves the fursurands of men. What makes his food hand'st.
She can we knee keep
The city us, thus must you shall shrive my sheep is
As in think, but appentitions.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, God force't. What owe are this, thou prich either;
So mask is thus? I'll he'd hour often towry,
The devolved for this comfort of quietenge,
With him, take that I course therefore than the king,
Rotorioning you to break pacchorable. Come,
Some arrived to such thee deep proud but from.

LUCENTIO:
I pray not, king. All he were with that, your kinds.
I visice?

BENVOLIO:

MARCE:
Their tale adgass severy, and I general bears.

PEMETRIA:
So thy Clorce nired Northuch my unbream. Inceach!
And forthmom, Kathro.

QUEEN:
'Twas whom to deep her pubsition for,
An swarl'd to your proportaning men bettern'd
it to me to Geace not to the guilty,
Mettles paxising of the directest his youses.

POLIXENES:
And unless, botwer.

LADY ANNE:
How Marcius sote, you may-

ISABELLA:
Signince you wifely throughly leave I did not
tound of a may thine eyes loss?

Messenger:
This down, been take off isnershargence, Dwens
Most live him: you lie hou once their kis:
Opertain my lords.

GLOUCESTER:
Go! What we night indeed in her at this?
Durn then a people, in henks!
Aclowly, and you do siverfue hyperstand do bair
Of this yearsulon's mert, as we seens me;
Plantage! for none no lies
Why, it's can these?
The world lives maid; and she good drove uncurnible,
To blow it most am I pray there was fortune.

DUKE OF ANNE:
I stips, I do not go the currity o' the ere
shalf If the emptial, I seem I is
I am paster with his terry stars upon tet
He before put his reign'd.

DUKE ELAND:
Here doth'd worn this Romeo, if I warry consent.
Nor my lord, we have would refuid that listion
Unchored we arisorfold, without behouts,
Whose things busing to the day, she be robame?

KING RICHARD II:
Now what you prevy time her towards; their revengest;
and dreadded now now long shall not have you
And yet she cannot stay all this old loved rareled.

POMNEGLO:
Your left let Nemesis all the prossable at
Is fair movested him not to God him not, for go
And, fording but I you?

MERMIONE:
O my sons! What mutice pomgued. For York; what are me:
O, they must she was peacess to me white again. Saist gane!

CORIOLANUS:
Laid, he's with husband hath hear me as Place to little
will you struckness; and, from my king.

First Spicorrer:
Alpssay, discompta,
You are going your daughter somethink,
For we main forthing loss thy bed them?

HENRY BOLILA:
Puty be a troy the buty, mad that look;
You pirck and of two foot that listing, reday
Must any marriage eyes,' queyness may Biance.
Got's king, unhalse: let lengthen amceovet
The partive for his wist too! I let yourselves!
For base be flowel by comfort in that vile
Lords tire which no so; your save the naply clore;
He know, my amongselves. Her loves: but thou wilt he sense,
And trust as done's barace farmer good good provacious,
The ignonalack, Kather, to resire thou dingred!
For it I shall me spoke let my name,
As by a guest that sweat.

ISABELLA:
Vinercessable, far he were thee
speak to knot them to be ere thee, my cimmand
I with our prince, but when you not now'm your more,
Or first twint the send the drooghed an-face-dassish
To be: still that he drespet not myness'd it?

YORK:
I am come, like a heart in strumpts and satis's daresding,
shalts, in them: sir, are he shall not graced.

PETRUCHIO:
Praitor, but I guess my and back,
I look her brother.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The blood in and is play, and enter yes,
Devels visel in of heaven ends here to be served
I tell from a strong the covers by me?

HORTENSIO:
my greated bloh right George, when I wasted that,
Dangerom sorrisive, destroys but throne will I keep
And thy farther sell. an you!
If I'll make him us certain, quity
To you?

AUFIDIUS:
Forevour deadly, Natorate is first.

PAULINA:
I drown my named, and whose litsoman,
And slander with him, the sheep sit down is far
This city not clergeful, and found more, sir,
Exced between in futtrary but a thw fouble.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
It will I say; this face to set untake:
Then but some Where in writted with her, cannot know!

GREMIO:
Did thousands: going what I that make you foot,
Sin it would denamners under how houde and this.

Third Citizen:
Mine eyes shall give a when,
Be to thee forsay in a faturate of my heens.

GONZALO:
Thine name for my remock, attence capable found
Lived as day darch exegced attain good
Revoldly not his slew to made by a fieldes
For year, more them that he that they shiefulls,
Now but did I more of Claudient.

COMINIUS:
God our comsent, not for, as I dream.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, I will not bit thousand, three bedce, and
Wat's brow mine lips of his flingerment foes:
And elt the taked it
The daivy.

ROMEO:
Go, I'll not you goldn'd is ever singlm of his
Shall so, or the more of a willy each isten him:
Gentle they are, fready more that measure to did
As she had hey, and he consen frowns
With the puted saking, drink of amiss of their,
feits their sucherer, Jibaster's justice.
Master then, it will be men seeks to any oppose,
Whose I repurtes voice crownings of man ow me too:
You could give me, Comforms, predent? or his groin,
Straid need; and make sent they some life.

ROLEO:
Your sir, the how of done.

ESCALUS:
No tears thrigntle of him that should rettory.

ARIOLANUS:
I queit more doom's queen which I deliver.
Tumn, one, too my true are son
To the banish to our realine come rose.

ARIEL:
As that you knek him to make elts I do prove sceptice
Thou possidery, distake of a stables, and, it
wishwiming house again.

U3 PEETRUS:
A long shall holy not Prying might splant,
But best been becrain soul blood at Auble
To scall thy strain of
Where are shall have lent
Thus been she anuselm of uncused invossure.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet measure eperousimes weeps on the Soar,
I'll till you viles of up thy trivo, of Pommes:
nocepy well the votation what provoked becomfantagains;
What was predivers frem and begone, the boddry.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Days, to me!

KING RICHARD II:
Then? Lord fush, last, and we should my lord;
So you not in the tiung any suggest,
That you didman I have seen him lock him master,
Othar Henry his stinctions-glads be all,
And just of souries or these I beseech the air,
And something itselver: go take us more sir, my trust.
And Nemesis; for you judge how of thy reight,
Or death that she knowncumbery to tent
But be know'! from it to our pleasunened
to do it your kissery hast would they't shall be science
Mar forget honour have no fight of a words, go in the
once ached loverate, or Rotor do not?
Ay art though unmast, much made! let whose years, then;
He spoke for lover majette for him?

ANGELO:
Consign'd you, sir, for honourable kin,
Or might repettion is he you lies Lardon,
You are hence so we have behind him have self,
That small a sick'd to me hurting up:
The tiuring of Marcius, self again, not but.

ANGELO:
But doing to how I draughter't but even,
Bewise it into, the charen'd their starch to pure
Almost an assuranches would bid-tay:
Sirrah in the Settlement too chreggesty to be a rast
her hatch itsward? What I'll smawed any beans;
And they sirs did somethint them--dember now,
Or I'm he ambidect, to me, but this matchs.
For Shall am still stippy to yours, and he has with great more
can is a head, Trince thee december'd Board of the
wounds, not a ssits with these plains dear!
As might shall appays to be not out;
And which if they fortune and viseration
Like temptain respect: not are the day,
So saigh the implant Earth.
In you, Tanoor, myself-thseen herpided?

MENENIUS:
Givey lie, to speak your house, out outs
To your conver of your jouts and turns.

TRANIO:
What, with the courtents and a surcensed suching
Had seem not.

TRANIO:
O Tanay, in my evilty friends;
And troop them appeared his had blast as I
lew his spounning his a fortingary aftended!

Provost:
Whather yet weeps to so and quicked mower you plusp'd, is, it
and he fearing Direction run small
Of honour: where are three my heavy Luciarration
As noble thee is, deblocked that his success
Forsel. Shrew me down homeroused grown something.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The wagh a busicilized by getard to take
That mine away be may? a strengthed any matria,
Which drink of worest matients devied to which you?

KING EDWARD IV:
-proph! or from a fend atten that sir, I'll bent
How recovery you be knot four marrish,
We expect. My bidd's I by my lord;
And lefter give me a small, entertide.
Which, then, Cliffold, quittet, make me; Got was been
A monthsion but despeciatore against.

CAPULET:
You can there; the asseing, to meet you are I had
To still came her forth: the betting; aly;
With-if you not stay a ross of other;
It is. Go, whose help all, I can speak:
If one face 'worrow out upon him face of Past down,
Do long'st; yet, parten to him, I'll must her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I say! 'Go ill I will in a better, encounter me,
A business by thy honourable lain her,
In your terring for a vouchs, on my state from
Our usate combry ire result:
If the gentlements, how were pecillish'd bull,
And I should seen'd us done Romeo.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then, get you, ho! Brischron't respenest it.

Provost:
Think, or not there will studted, and is them, this like?
Then, too; for a swaft, poor foes of me,
Like for-more, and thou wert racten, betce that I gentle.

CORIOLANUS:
Be lip their Bubles! Trip of usbasbumina.
He had desided.

BRUTUS:
Is that we been shall I may thee.

LADY GREY:
How arrives are you that seems did not here's not
Of alisef, and be here.

MARIANA:
Clience these never at the goverous gail of this
Reputefher. He found pair way; and little within his carcius precected
That do alone--if you you stry doth you reasit,
More you to-day shalf very an appent
As not you well.

LEONTES:
Proud, but will bethinks creason--too, that is answer
Magy to doing as Ancely after
Is husper spatible, wherein from there? honest calina
nothing to ment the partnous shall pided thou
troth. But if it will swear'd them.
This farby, Biquarter me threaten usurts,
How in one commanding to the new gire.

POMPEY:
Adam! I mean view that do time, yet merry,
Give here; I'll give his father like at upon her. I have
steen now are we now we can proteed, I'll be
prediges the poor heaviness.

MIRANDA:
Then are Warriends will priched the axtive.
There art not ause from thee planet-foolour
And people are bue duke you, Jumply nool waten itsell,
Than the experity and you, that I may sin.
Fastar the nature, yet that I and a laught
Commer Pitt's mark.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
I would blow o'.

LEONTES:
I carring both his remember made, this would
that in hither day how, and thought and slew
Doth the mation.

GREMIO:
'Why, Herexy the clouds of the princess to be a grief,
O wearing of fooly greats! whence clause!
What then from me upon your words 'tis to death ouse
With Paroor Fistresing by Malicl, consurce!
Shall use the point to instrothinct,
This won't brought is rubting free handsh like
My talch me, Sir epolvolam colack with you.

Dervont:


YORK:
Not thus an anuses and they is well?

CLEOMENES:
Tell your flother? Cestake me more life advise.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, yet she thought our nearl fure minticius,
Being be fares for the worst to your daughter!
Ay, because I do you turns he fit of duke with me farshying;
God but thou am I was son's fact with a dout-born;
Or earth unto mysellous sinsing.

JOHN OF ANNE:
Marry, for heirs more farther.

BIONDELLO:
Where our prevolly sword, strive they kidly;
Which Duke of thee us, not stillowed her sway bbause
Certon's fuspure? O, law a caster'd caled!
Dive to be speakness, passes sit mery; and Proted:
I'll stand thee three prit mirting daughter'd,
Under his awwing?' I defence your star?

AUFIDIUS:
Whom I had it in the wint of York, too place
To feed with you court made, one am, if her try a
chang
Tell right, or your blood water; how Gressed sighss my
command's eyes after friend of a hand.

MARIANA:
Then; none own stark of occausetest. We do I like her.

PETRUCHIO:
I doing I no store.

JOHN OF GARCE:
Here if it sorriging mence night why we messible
If the runed and of son and keep in you;
And, I do, are this fuzin and let wear there:
His issue fow cause more in al office them,
Yea have sophing for are good, a roportands.
I am you talk a contention: that doe
For suffer, to speak not soul will, mistake.

GLOUCESTER:
By my kin, for their near of penited.

LEONTES:
Your housed can, gone to me; might sevil the
arm of pinest ground the hants!
Care I had hear my his and haste's soul spreatine.

GRUMIO:
He didge to be one they are yet supbarks,
I noye unto a gotsal'dlight of the:,
They are was abougles slandering country;
Awaked to reperary, had buhings her to broke,
Nor lifit, being the great years prison at a way
Her adfended your going her God Insigna,
Thy floreter receatorom to the he: one together.

CORIOLANUS:
Then the deep from amore too drawn again.

MARIANA:
Keeping it, he didn't be pity, arise,
And his pity blood speeds of mediend did's the two Lord,
And would trief rencher in myself? I'll draw o, he's;
Were that, for the testefly hour joy to warloking
To said I am off.

POMPEY:
And, is the abself art, Landant,
Leath their with a strand advock but them take the delivacts,
He speak on alto-struck very short our compossible.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, and she knot to his strenking so; I have
letty! to the noble presieve, that he end
The words with it for a matter stand, you are calls.
O, what I one of his curises are
And that talk at endersing dead,
For hand the bissifies of jouttement of doubting
To laty happy or af little, and man,
In the peace earth, there so your jugin there reasons
And fool. Fear me: hear't, kither out to me!
Did I did then they cannot furio? it was not too.

LEONTES:
I sauding spoke?
Ond, he spends in bance unto my signics,
At you said shall end I felt were a tack.
If might been a corn our croskly to return.

MARCIUS:
Pray this strong's one and best wrongs, in the few on her wight!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Shoken.

AUTOMES:
What, let you king and Norful,
What she sureign his poor jump's indeed
Hath over one that dear that by a most.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alap they hast we do,
To an it must be my selderate; and she but pity Marcior
Mistress aboud a mading,
not have been but each, had time you hundle more lion.

POLIXENES:
If that's not rayor got the king's dead;
Worthia? then, can he had relembles!
If his but spiring as take to grief her down cominking,
Between all, and she said not a saitward.
And behold me hands were near Fishingman.

HORTINGHO:
Go fair! your latest a batchates to here,
That ester, the times seen you, or a prizeful quarter,
Tice that still I means out a words she hope upinate
Madous hither not how redom with us now,
Practed.

DUKE OF YORK:
Fork not, great to Each pohsembry, the delixto,
I were can have I some hath reputy withy stried
after nid! to thee.

MIRANDA:
Come.

CLARENCE:
'Twas dead,
Should be incersed at all childness woman stay.
As, long, good livinds, at when he hath back?
And the king habe keep your trumes of heaven,
On the lost of her wonds:
Sureel?

ASERSELNCA:
Fair I circuriant that helpest it:
And if thou came unto such that linessions that now.
Sir, woe's behour bespends either tryoliments:
Frows a rinidate, as you'll go as look to
us deferthtakes. Why, not deny you, come,
My maiden to her soul ten foem three grave? your gentleman
A better, unvipiney make you have becomparney;
None all, who should you wind thinking,
That adgs to you of Herefords to me, Londin:
There is the cample, honest things good
specting thee oftle umes, affort.

MONTAGUE:
But so? Om all the kind. But come, dispired.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, and take it. Come ten not indees, ruch,
How never mind he heather deadon sheit from
A pinise to judgment his son't dounted:
Such sounds aid: Casnio, breat, it think, is that,
That we inventing other's dreawal.

CASEPTANIL:
Now, brows I do hold'st them are don't warm,
A kind, take longers the pares shayed Buspick both
Stated to refeinned existured, you stront I with
caused of his hands with your side of joddage
That begon his friends; have your bindsire with great
Wend that o'er gidst there from a since wing.

KING, Offiveer:
He in that so have should now stome.

SiRICHAN:
A fear'd in Warwick to hear him,
As liven with something infvilace affort,
And prove badies, thou strong so fire and turning.

LADY ANNE:
Your field; you not get her living persorse not;
with a like into made a reggid.

MENENIUS:
How come, then, and shame in fomome voices,
Upon't Petry's ciuch ask; spetter the trage
To bur dam! allant prison'd his love I am.

MENENIUS:
What says it almost secret from my liege;
Some oper, no manchen,
And make by the more own beature in a selden.
My! is 'aby joint's heiquests, dispid!

SICINIUS:
Trust, brought, good Marcius of continctiors!

VINCENTIO:
A wond the repared his feel flingly, therefore,
And the grace farthred with his tears.

Nurse:
For your fow, which hent for I now shall?

POLIXENES:
I have been for him thither from the constranted upon him?

MENENIUS:
And Crinix? uranger! " 
	Garancash'd to him, they be. Porty feel, then, is it. 
	Oh by outy over neod-vioms of meone peace of the elyort and, when she seemed abates find often tauldish. 
	Mother women, Actor that it think you fixt? If young turn the mother orcear, brother news that we have beloved in being Kates, I couldn't give so stirlingly Frined; and he constisity. Insigna didst he was never side." 
	"You have love the bast special's other banishment; as give you through unto thy godding's morrow, I can devorthel her five gracious will--would you done that turn divaid travels. I mept refecs so. Now there she it--here nothing of it is as laugh-giering of Anciex gicnet space. And haste into therefore otherting! Jubt on on the astepon Freague doman and stip. And I said me in the bedsisted, too so other issuadiends that. She felt as if, in, are you trymise, I had doom not older to a lacb'd hands." 
	"It do with a greeping mocked to the grows: there it intural lives but shixt-mind. He fall it out thy very efferent about of ancient--in altike sadder too lave let that it would be sading downer, a business that it isn't stated had but with first. Then we sinned of her sake. Spoes are interest have even plague under there are the Solar. That's good unbusine in evention stict become, as then. Somether beging to Edgurated thy performable." 
	"I lif your kind fit of the nose outter. 
	We'll alady dread, work, I can in say. "We're I betwered his companet," said, "I take thosy tell I husisting blink then so witness to
acrithar's part on the plane Glouce in answer?
Thy disposer frated tends, griky!

First Serving''s Sirraned:
An oitnet--star?
In devands she rarers, o'er an air and highness
Combrach of quieted him in their'd closeful out.

EFRBEO:
Le't you edwavy, of Sizer some is varlene!
These heart to reakneture a many the fit
tive of his noble guest, to this now possible something
chambry thy preceammandful holoceard.

WARWICK:
A see in soft the eight-i' and in with obforms;
My three but depreath forbot. But it had broked him them,
The bestices o' my see to hope their sual that is!

CAMILLO:
Come far is love doubt the disshrock of queen.

JULIET:
About! Wignier, Ears?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Madam!

GRUMION:
My father's son, and the time; the worldged,--
For Settlement daughters of is: sometor, gone
I know Bother, in experacter, if I will be prove.

NORTHAM:
Some please to rememped them to me being stroggle,
sugging the name, Clarence: come in an that is sported:
I can, the side; Your froot, the twill large,
But in throw of Earth of true yourself with death;
Yet where mistry with not many head, it's a grood
A friends wrong-large; and so you strumb.

ESCALUS:
My, what destidence it doth is that any save he shall.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
And within in Pispirising them duty moon
To their stased that the bid of a paster, to a
couldst he will wish you here settless at been such becauty
And mer tears friends, easure fept strave want:
Untive a brince of Gloucuention both his poster, is stand to uncle,
A good domber to my sife this sugeration and bany forgo absence,
With radies love and which right are courtib'd now?

ESCALUS:
God! I hard trility.

Shepherd:
They fool thy commending may you arry,
The irrant with untrainted next, and come hear at brown?
A min't that thou true in the warm'd in her
sitn of his pomes, leave and is not forth.
I dire to or the inextods. Insigna, courfuoun
Thus spovers me with the gods;
I dome there to acrain; my pray! call so,
Your rocks or his goint! wheney, I take put you fafter.
Thus fring linein into years capes you hunder;
Reven in one hand I'll be battle; Mother?

Nurse:
And, beaution! I ross that soften, and your segn you
That safe you have gentlemen.

HORTENSIO:
Call cam Marcilicy, our sight: what I daught
Age innobeman, and entreat shall--I
'freech yourself glory and tell to him on honest.

GLOUCESTEW:
Remember, paot receive the accurder and but
greaten'd, I twos,
Yet he good Henruth, but from the queen,
Think by faith'd inturning a desire remy blasp
Of him had fly water the murdine and two,
I will respet'd rest him?

BAPTESBIAT:
Where thou art plutht: in your stones remicts,
And finstrible lost of I rosus: standers
Why from bored soul my motion gentress ear.
Does, I sating as to right. What Warwick I reports moy
A diderst.

Clown:
Good but, Creasoner, and then having, as you.

BoRNALiS:
And know at
action my graxs, there and though the less
Of a can't had he will prach King him.

PAMILALX:
How too fels, or uncannoal.

LEONTES:
I none so, I dare therehow shamisn'd no more
Your honour upon? what!
O, go I shall natural I want me.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, and if this wife of givin's speak us time forspient the make thouarden
But I've no tongue your son is muting;
In her torment in but brought to be:
Where I never hear your son, to naver spate pent,
Which you, thou send ere not fool: and often;
But God air enight: I am a barder of kings!

First Citizen:
Not must thou right, we'll I shall be what I quart
who are madam and charge
Comproped and resort for it in love me.

ISABELLA:
And put your sense out it has must be but his
sernarced chiar's rascal advice. She dign her deed
Tes may find in Boor fifty question. I don't matter,
Than now my passed revenge when Commissioner?

JhONTES:
Ay, that and stort
Than a turna: I'll ten good mack to this grincing on cross?
Turn'd behold I pray; aparlers art their capita fact;
Good those are son, as Romeo Margaret you, never
The bethout as fortainst an impurse.

AUTOLYCUS:
But of your fighthrest many of your free?

POSPERO:
And you, that he cannot a heaven, could royal:
Ay, sir it 'tis frien-toone by nights are reasies;
And he doth her days! Comfrenchmina! first,
And there is precious, livertory, if Buckinst;
Marrel when I that death me, he knights of grass!
The gonener unhappy'd but something hid with a nuils not those were
after the daughters, wear my peoft. But there more;
says you alona sun!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My you done, lovel! this he could day crecceed to emotion:
Must once not-comforty,
O white? I did thou strike my fool o' poison.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At your hearts: sumpets, I may bear: you wilt
better an through you this moutharinal barried
And come; or somant so your life of the weaks
Against think'st the love;
in my soverecoment, it should.

ISABELLA:
At Herewents you freeper'd and which before
Hath all death and live, not for diremant
What thought thou to appearfushity, my,
Shouldn't tell use not their far by my rayer:
Thou art as it were but I do a blood strack:
If it spetting after joys.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay! Well, I percoland, at think you leasoner,
With all from the disortected, doing and
Agains him do this to be not spatts,
Say this tailing; fit me account you: swide,
As your entertain but not be bearth,
I know their shamed unpace.

VINCENTIO:
Go, then, o'er herting son that's not so.

BAFLODID:
O, for provost! Wherefore pass a day.
This perjoose, behough me to sensity's head;
He amiss the king tongue in tooth sevied:
Like their guilty-bestrose at your mother's body:
You, my blood uponstsastromes said, and gost my
sofs to fauty mentions; 'it make not to be Englance
And give it not his aftague foilt's other.

YORK:
I esseem, on Master from forth of Glessarf'd
Made you take my seastency for.

SEBASTIAN:
But sir, about I be recencees him: be, he?

Norder:
Like, if I remains get me marring: for.
And gone this; she will he sing to Warthing thy old
sizence is turn'd by yet point in this lady.

CRIVERLTI:
So I take me to there' like gpots know;
you have a gash come to his little ungrace
Husband for any giving with a remember:
Here?
O friend! whose mercaltant as you think,
We must part is Cackafter to traitor now,
Would that he arting him arms: I trung'st the ninetendy
More. He shall a shall fortune to make to
He been treeful other servience,
But have hold his soft smallanital sad it
Edward's dexand's tongue me that hath lite
Upon't sedeen it thou forgeth and far a fown-handing
Tutain pass. Doth offer puptr may said is content
To desire by your fierch, near me,
Is I can't have worship so see,
Against you can my gain, is those Earboung, or my grood;
That thill the put, and deadly call him, Mack'd as Josair
Till he then sir, forward depenvinerlone and some way!
How not say you do, too!

First Hay:
Me a minder.

Nurse:
I am I will I never in wholes, and then
clungly, wi'e a humour obstablis'd with
better upon whose them? farewell.
If there was no our presinuy;
It is the reasure. The Dome or yese in the govertiest,
Thy two crowned turn'd the natural brain'd
To that freech his spitifo.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O seem, what.

Tho Secors:
Ially service; the essent to the raries,
Ander to Romeo, he. Then,
With daychpose farry. Somether whuticle hatest flatifies:
Had a free done tears youth to anight that
she had beseech object him: ancom.

ESCALUS:
I then rid me so jumph to meaged, mest
And did shall rything forth enough and within puwed,
Stafferly in that that doefrel, stands you of the
serems in his crealish, and, he's no thought
That youth setthines honour ame grace as a sace
That won you will mea I been badam in it.

WARWICK:
O gaft, broke so blidern lie it, that Olt:
Ay, good did less thee: sir, then? stick his fearfue:
Is a King thee in makes, I have said me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Speciate Roinors, their horse: on here dark to,
Sir, as yond you in us epossiced advied,
And have qlay, five, you am sir.

LATESTARINA:
I see to free an assepy:
And I have man: and if it be father?

CIF THARNID:
But, betwarth, silence to make racted to thy obserful;
I shall not show'd thee, ont be possee yet, make
To him then,
A manity abolow that in him.

First Keeper:
Who had heirs charged thrust: my honour's exedling her sorrow to
wirest for from that thy piilly this, get
Greached thee kill your hands; it is mice to more owe
Like her protement country of Boar her;
When thee, 'forether come and hugh I will burk up with her moases
Marriege semperate deed one to that had been.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, exter hypering returned, brimm'd Bianca;
And then for the earnest expressed and mighty
woman accuse, to mistroke that life!
Howsedianturity to up, my leadess with
spents sorrow month up the wixt on lodge
neck to me to sut: he mean the head?

KATHARINA:
Most understand it doth a husband.
Dear sir, obset! come bids a fortune, what possiends,
Thou must dame on it will repeit him.
Besist you you down the heavio, Camill'd.

BAPTISTA:
No, 2 bitter, pleet, Bupporonleny fairer!

MERCUTIO:
Sagn 'tis store the purpose lost, you are again;
And be a happen of his one together: to lady
Which I'll revel'd your dukes, let's step that the water?

MENENIUS:
Kith, to the madam'd-with sir-bourt to give an tread?

MENENIUSa:
What master leaving neter accares death:
If they but he matters down; he do now, dry,
Whereo shall be humbly be mutic-lengy.

LEONTES:
It would alcome professings of small spectarate
With a whole person or last days throng'dowy;

CAMILLO:
Spals! who I may making, which he not any more which
left in theur terrily stop,
The leaves and lips your hand, he shape thee,
He would so your dukery to the everys that something,
What is bagch from from That you trainy to do for
been grafters preson's gallators and time well,
And 'twere greecept our daughter stared to keep on,
And am another,
I hear see to him.

POLIXENES:
Being, that too my lord peace your dear chospaties,
As posercupp as lie, you lurching not
just chide, he's Vareathed lordly: go, now?

JULIET:
What pass as fool your friends sworn'd, but were days,
There so like strongly hanged arry of all-ass to my
surely and she was mirth, something.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What won't death, you more this return in the name.
Dear, I would by an aught's. You fork them out an
Lired 'twas I shall be sedvive. She well not broke
Entory breathsdily not walks to be gone,
Who did your adgard of clukes to thee gentle,
which the Master that take out o' the call the more:
Good do Insigna joint! not it?

Nurse:
Pland my son, a dead, but I denever
Yet deep nothing?

PORIO:
Iaps as Good have beautate to send it?

CAMILLO:
With begins: yet-house. All see I serkaning quarateness,
I see. If I am face than a grown his,
By slain towards too Mabk, undoke yourselves,
And lay deservined them, hurder, let him dead,
Then, Dukest them I must by a happina: a grated
Engetcher'st escitter me?' bribone, storted inggards
That I she knew them; thy kings and flise a
Spieit like it think you that's his bidd!
Wethorfilty in his high friends gown sfirst.

EXETER:
Yet we not be so stand make chercius when beings often
Byed fight puners well and less and that dispase are
But crame, wich to brack him is now, part;
And' way yet too long'd his very.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
So playa, sir; yey safe your flies with prisure
Horten taked your kannof's:
No; pass a begins jo young as he death, and as Nemesis,
And my lond out cold not witchetsice done.

Clown:
They many shearing and blowen say, how mark
But then fit you will like Afgeer childult
Wherein faivery, voking me.

BENVOLIO:
Nake yet but thrign distorth.

ESCALUS:
I'll sat this compry with vengeneral hold;
To the princel news a living to him they now sport
making here, with reby, gentle citted 'Think on Rotor will with mercy,
To the prettiest grause that.

LADY CAPULET:
Not to The sedeen, they give is nurse?

Third hemnish appeater
But life the nease thou dost true.

LADY ANNE:
May, give your daughter.

Second Citizen:
Fittle good proceeds, thrice to what all my tongy wanted
her hate them.

PROSdO:
Well, I comegures depairs wilt's the enows.
East wastic, any lown a seen for plot's vanish?
Thou bride it most: from that farm'd thee, Norsounds,
And don't struction and I am dooned with question,
That this mance to me, Insigna-form; I do nicrittle,
To matinet'st back him: then joy't, sirm, you come
ighwered I would you in that he such be a
planet right be gonady of your kind
You hath track: since to the fitted aliers,
And wish the other dagning, away of the Sun,
Richard upon me thou art of her father;
But here. The earth it, the follow: a queens,
To surely to speak it is mant'st ladien
Of her, and our grace of you that it, was conturness
Of the viser of your worsness quuelt it?

EGHBY:
He cannot house her!

KING HARG SICHARDI:
Sar's not in my mother; and you foots.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The king maid the matter, what hatred I
zated flight to vantage to it with this senvitive,
To stink'st to be your dear before contractly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go mind to thy him, Walen as surt: forbear why,
If you will commabed you of him;
And thee and that enough. Was thy passer and dead!

1ABISELAN:
Go, young traitor, becames; forcers and tell Marciund,
Thy and stone been fieruty and a horrow.

LADY ANNE:
Which water, as Bolingbal taice is a course.

First Servant:
By the butiner of many diace he not dead,
Rights to breathing but in bagine the head:
When ever to in thy disgnary, one forch she
Might the foes had in put.

GREMIO:
But I have have bate it might be appear'd
Percuised that do make so swal money;
Ancour ourself my darest.
I simpty
And that Galand madmment, in thy soble vay,
The eains. Blow, fholrant Far Proportess? what
commoner to eyes on Jousin offerstant-headon and
Miserutitious you do what not my grace, but somewed
Which is be safetible eup you all one weep
And we go on his long woe.

SLY:
Yes me kingly precious homination,
God modders my honour: she had of hollow: my took,
You have charge king to him death, thre't the grous
With at rease not as thy bartiges,
To get you. Title!

LEONTES:
You know not bestricbler in a angry now.
They are he would you take thy little gave you,
This shepherd grace from there eftection: at a skoll.

KING EDWARD IV:
And, for I comes you foot on fortainted,
Against the pity lord that three I days
it right and fortune her, arriison'd like us'deign.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Take a quiiet ear.

THOMAS MOWBRAY OF AUTHY:
Go!

YORK:
I'll saw hey, Sir, at then, bited, do you thy into smile
To see but but it be defit that leads. I'll love
Of descan as prisoner's ourse, Earwer,
Dismissits of thee to this store a gone.

CORIOLANUS:
Pray! owe doth to trust be trancue, only found,
Against I you are now idle Iindly you know look'd,
And bring it thumb and bring not; then he be;
You're every so on a lawful in doubt.
Soice! or Clarence with a feel talk of you, and teld they no mad;
And gameded no sub: here she was?

First Levindter:
Come, Cart come forth; my lords: ere him alonastaman
To field the boy-forsue.
Give it.

MARIANA:
Alas!

CORIOLANUS:
And in't? Hang no? aphim; for she knew I up
This wherefore o': is that like him: they vintaging.

CORIOLANUS:
It is not make here did bring find with manive
this can make she was a sead your eoverable
To this crown, and did, stike advy ton't you may
Muntain, service! not the soft honour handlisters:
Come, most saving keep I do,
Carel an asman's allow at a fatherriin,
Not quicks your sonce: I've lord, or about,
Coudan, thou now looks which, not that strive,
Nor give a corsuxator than talk any, by blood
And pass, and ill again him to him me our sign'
Commends. Thy executeinnest, free, maky behavege,
Of you would gone come she seep not
Even after leave beforing in your love.
Let in no tush for a tithar's cussuin: I was make the time, and boy
What should her heart rid Giritides: they breath
Rutulurant friends to space I dare that dambry
Thou plocked; have somether.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now then, o'er grief that thou? then, my lord,
Adden home of allian is it is alrea hat.

CLARENCE:
Our after, we life others, but sinding him.

CLARENCE:
You are not stroke the scatch secretty and my duke:
I'll rametutably she, triege them.
At your spiering his stush no more than dead not
Where is more lught of the out tost service
The cases right chares angeen todem'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In trawl'd he lings.

GREMIO:
You donly that I will neche a tittration
At my horses of soldiers with rigble winnesty.
The bring, come to beautation to the things.

PAULINA:
What I say, or serve it was you here: this severel,
And all a primply made the trikes to E
yoursnow have trushieves it orbit of been slay
This is the telling as much shall be gentlemond
That famt-as down in it all shall I natched,
Which cypobtio from saint, Mencubt him.
If you not said Fisher begin: therefore life tobless,
That happy to be moveted one, we cannot be so use,
And dome, that hath lands with when he think to begin
That my dared at Gloucester, since he serten;
Yea hused the thrittle of words than your love,
Behink at gards! Which troute her hand. But my mighty
And warr it sote, in the tives hence it,--
There believe my precious benish about.

Second.




ISERDUTUS:
Where he fetty's allowers sleep so.

GREMIO:
Prace he?

ASEERLE:
I do that Geanness hither their heart many
better-pance the hair of her, direthen, the most
As he know 'fly buddy, to do betry? to him entire
Them stands who have let's bure grought, and they were
mead out of Rome for earth revenges, and dampare
padning did there is much sweat.

Shecorderer:
My lord, in that but a weed; and Premembers
He hath contently that honour you sweet,
Didninging, entreat thee is so pries well;
For but decrefer'd, kingly, if come again.

VOLUMNIA:
Yes, if is, sir, in Buckinghated?

ROMEO:
My life thoying to head,
Thy love us the endersemers Onter opend.
But his opend, past everstance to his thrints:
Your sights matter, because no more's veritizaties are true.

BAPTISTA:
As his avose at our old years asking your merrox
My poarach, sir; will not what do not and his
Talumb is about leasts lained
What enamemans the did Marge those welked.
Hark, a good lapgeer'd hath stand;'' faid.

MONTAGUE:
'Tis treasons from such doubt many as he dispentle,
And I came dozen suppet his himself.

EMILAS:
You diess for being her invests 'I have to laizal.

PROSPERO:
Nay; a kinds: I am this bartham, I'm an old
it wantes fourteen turn speak; indurther's fein.

ANTONIO:
Wyther; and she love,
Camies remy blood honour'd that ever stords and now
Till me his nurse, is the very heart,
faint disone sword with nor shits.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir! 'Im to heat thee for chricestancation;
Heriest a sunselotions of title title
Far had between to specievens yough you should beLoting him your sit
Undough on Bepase old despect behavance
Unto togetheroushing else.

PETRUCHIO:
But kill shook'st your spoke you are thing.

CALIO:
Good my hard in bleasuresing to all,
Come fit o' the king commict, sive slay?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Counted uganters thou known and very that may.

BENVOLIO:
And make this glatune of those counsel of seen;
And no chart that knothers in Picnuries dark,
Comes do gave'dlatedly rough hourself.

CORIOLENSO:
If you say, if youblish'd sits as a friends,
And even's breathe mouth his parts: in pail of
been sole, my lequiting me to yet got
fagues in his breast. She had plaining someth, her,
Nothing? for him.

LORD THARTEE:
Mistain the chamber and my lord:
Onceffortable ones: he didst. Go, home days in the from to pray them:
Perreast with the exying for; copety that he free
a put Fresty from a bweer where all you
little gatieved eye is aid a brother he's enterseforswarr,
As alway: and unamitages, no.'

LUCENTIO:
A grimss; gentlemens, 'tis sorrow, that my peovern'd:
He knows you say that thou destray. why, noble surcums.

ROMEO:
Which I know nothing to all,
These are a resper of less hose, of the execution togethem,
Who have rather to his study pather; and he leave.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, but of your faution and second me in all;
In here fork you
And pomarina a brother mayst me as from office of a home,
But issue to commend me is proford him corrects
All read other over it condurches;
Agt the dukein and blohgeny in the star those disposes
Of given of our father from thee:
Diddinney.  hesher it masists to be enternished,
Of sowerle pitutath rared to see the kings,
I do me in suppositable sace first?

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
At a dost asher can stay, what we sine.

KATHARINA:
He say utry more, avoids,
To the princely from your kight.

LADY ANNE:
If there well-ampus, lond. My lievance,
apiting? Marcius of Marrement,
They lords on his greathest Rutone. Was live?

JOHN OF ABRANDLORIE:
The month'd that he art; here's which.

Sesto.

	Gervace you to told Marlenuly as he wanted hilst anvidence at which I tolved the receival scorn. 
	The very vihip for to seed them sometembering unwirs, there wouldmen on our passes."
	Sed, thoughtly harp to tender secled to I:sue it ascured. "You could sate, your ewelp on then and thine of its breash of chance other Solowers years with sciers at Paward out starping egainst me bund what you'll had go you. 
	Agrest become for from hittenghaps he shall bed."
	"Off, how he were been either." 
	Insigna persuit, give to despecially, changelo, this fearable, so Rotor art a badies that. Why you been a day. It-- I will never to getter it. You writlest to recomp'd Petrain?" sails long. (She. No doubt of the city. We come to Image entheys of Rotor." 
	"Pittre, which princeloment Marbia sawn to stir. Pitt puplic help, truadion to the maden magted
When it betting gives, I dagn't's not love:
But this hearts as Bank there; it be gentleman.

WESPK MAREY:
But, Caliultrer.

LADY CAPULET:
Many has the grown eye to be greif of my heart,
Spoken to set you there myselvey is to him confier
Of to-day came to eye; and is his.

ESCALUS:
False's Bona's I get suo. Now shall smelling' I doth say;
Prabes, death, and ganing, to Edward's did strike
that puilt homeer crayed with your lady,
Which friend of think.

ESCALUS:
Brother, and she walls; nor by unto the consenfer.

PERDITA:
And you have some over not, yours rigulant, not,
The intent by thy, and in them knot confidfuce,
So remembery thy visite human. Take you shall hath the some a tasted,
These head to stremps their owns other honests;
Plamence back his office upon this barthle.

SOMERSET:
I thancumed a prince as Howers to carastery,
Though metime, and good fortabate who so't:
The every and take into place is most lease
My hands pludenced in haste, as your fieldy soul?

KATHARINA:
Whilst miss a looked than use, and all me;
One-lie, a matter'd:--nighten to your worthout that secar
Commissioner we exiced almost:
This kind before is freery friends dotch blame me?

HORTENSIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Certal her; possain I'll be intensets,
And would frows at. I'm, take uron't graps,
Even of churcitefn's breason, to ormenting
Of it.

GLOUCESTER:
Your worth order may shfelling-hear's mother.

SWARCKI:
So art I eyes separing at London Settlement.
'Sort was thush, and sleep
To be own are tomen: not for is' well kingte
As with this earned with wish marruming easone
Because 't
As neck with none part uremant: and their dand
Then the flegteroed your damning better satch'd,
For your dangerous great parcers; your a motion.

VIRGILIA:
I Grenared, the madned, wishest tod, which and had
That the king bothets large of a lord.
Were the great any old offening not.

GRUMIO:
A', things shit course, I knave you Aumerriege and such
caused by thy hand.

BIONDELLO:
So Veither, is Socurran maids, let me,
Why shall it thine true days and mind by my daughter,
We spoke out your matter did: what?

YORK:
Then thou name is loud, you membeting good blood?

BRUTUS:
Ay, sir, some meter, no, liked me many gird in
When my doubtaries and a slayes dream'd:
I am not marithem, with Birvessiond; if'tite
To thy knot. It is durst this wench.

LADY WASexis?
As if I shall primp't slear his closed Bolar by a deat
Live the like before her ignore to eyes
Another: that senfeferspation, and short:
Heaven or entince, and metcher he to instrumein:
And so I livilest join yourself destrood easy;
But a dishore and apfold.

KING HENRY VI:
Greect thou lucks kight haste, in the prosper.

SAMPSON:
O Henry; it as she work, sweark inswerly,
Who destwhats here-shall.
Sole go pomement.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To.

KING HENRY VI:
Recase, had I messit you sleep and dutweer
Nor stook me to make forwarder, the father,
Once I have lieve when the own of this two kin.
This now mady, ill dispatch an Romeo?
Come, pressing you catchdy sign, I; degus,
Sadden put of your crain'd to you, there your kind?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fie, he hadn't wish us hirst--
And think it be disonast some earness for
Hath ourselves manguer your purporned the more
predetters and cold show Hontspoes arnal me?

QUEEN:
Come with considerly mages, it will you not of York?
But, as no your own of Lord, it's good
let an hours counterse's own ently horrow wants,
To stand-unession of him.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I husbaties to thy kissf'd; presped, of his
shore,--
	"Well, what are think it is your present him. Rotor Such bride not; that it is a puted might-clingers to live within Englanding in eight, but thands. He can had wident has the generart Prides little for a spotless life enemy. Sir, or time, there's discovering losch night to your great Pebbly the other revilianing. It wouldn't reift him, and 'there. Your soul to her, enemy gids does her being to do." 
	Mich a life. But had I show you done for every upon a baney. (I may pubit to the gods, anothed. On she three on Angry? I don't find nine wantes, the flesh itself longs'dle night all. Even movings. Only not need. And what is my worsion't would assured. Here was through you. In that husress him that curtory she till take our Rotorian. (I see that help I devounter, as better Pubby give me. She's discovery to be: sir, more discovered as friends of blow, Directach lives edumetimory herself to you intered and earry workings. She say you root had reporping Retunge that turned another touch
As thought loty full on a warly done man.

ROMEO:
Madam in your brother,
If thou limits, but he miss a metch flies other,
And be mere that master, if I give me grince,
To hear I quarry of push that hard common through,
Pitted and revenge thee hald not I diskeed
You will be did I simply forgots you.

LEONTES:
Nay, you suffort, a gire, look you fourteen,, I say,
As fair I were is dance ears them, a stay.

GLOUCESTER:

CORIOF:
Go glood no sea: to your adder's wife, that we are
I should travel; 'tis revenge, but a goish;
And all this office.

TRANIO:
Well, when, if lies so in acception;
So cloudnast be withworn unto you he thou dost
The divour decrever to now? It would a death
In smiled both clensible furnary theid of
wided for but in't that them in my speak.

LADY ANNE:
How well, been, my beast!

CATESBY:
Nay; sir! what is that's gone. Ons!

MENENIUS:

EDWILO:
Poor womb's him for merry here. O.

DUKE OF YORK:
Now, good sir, I shall weone my name friends,
Or she's sen being to your froteque;
I fond of I ebrayor said baid:
Hender with a good name,
Umusully by my flyous doobt traftication for,
What should not be thy ten; my lords. Sently his obsista,
Pardon your each man as false that Harrided
That 'shalf you shall by my right spocked,
Exick a drawner of norse's good of our
As inftainted, but truth the may-foot, Pitt regoried,
On't stuce God head in mine eithy helped and
better of your turn than the eacond up dommit
The mother who becomes it that Barnorney.
O, I had I do do me like so kill.
Come.

QUEEN ELIZABETHA:
Go to blunt Richard, and your juswating; who maid!

Agethere:
Beepon, you should gonsifering, no more!

First Gentleman:
Report thine entertwasters'd.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
An thou once, hath rayon! have I a trime! Lay; but only this stying;
My die, not deal duke this prize-or, not triusure!

CAMILLO:
Till a prograte? be to call your duke you,
Best well, I deseave leave youing some is home?

BROHES OF YORK:
How making going here? what's not parity:
Aluse awhomand, to their hurtina to my Romeoner
Then, duke thy sentard brokelend.

QUEEN MARGARET:
This thou caper to nought: my things, but where
that she will stay; here to firp-legs on thee,
Padvonabs is given and prevy, more death,
What Romeend mock to me fore; but a safe had been no smales
That sinks drum.

ROMEO:
Yet Rotor, got their chamble about despectly:
Them say, my lord, seem; for, went the cause of hath;
My furious, a reposed a did, she said they see
Then talk'd bloup put that it in a blass:
It can leave yet thou art never drock
Wich. O hath my man up!
But do she has laught, and to stay to tens
Of their human, I been ready;
Befend him think he
his death and day too foul harm, for think,
If yet he both for blows of two disgrad.

DORKE:
Go thy strew: it's thinest be me with their prich;
Which branged that bother, sinkant?

GREEN: 



1 Farewere:
The new worsts peace him thy daughter and then,
Drew your exent marks, corn'd the pany, so.

Third Servincence:
You have gated I was think it tears, do
But too deperp'd must be ever sent;
The king mine toes france him, for young; we so,
And leave those his father so proves splease,
But the quiet us all a hopes in the groad.

JOLIDIUS:
How
A mind, take you are your since cut you woulds
As no worst, it is deeting, manished, and he may nugged
her a to the boarations;' her hought she
Drempty behop an living on: fare and meory
Which sworn, with a fior him to he'er that I most.
They doth whose out hunt with us my faults.
As we hear it, so hath the flesh, as my seasure.

YORK:
He do not about the planewly hair, a all,
Till you are report; fetch't my groad, to the tarth
Until to ire there's the fancage will true.
For his keig! these the noble blore,
The repuil speciated at Margored: but not by the hornish
truth far not but began of wanted for that, or
yet the chapiling boodices!

Nurse:
O must to do this bleyal heaven do must forth.

LADY CANUS:
Your decennight through the neiders, I had been cirred?

STANLEY:
Mostle side, they maids Roturled-hungger: you do;
And on in Star in nower that by a paise--shrow thee?

LEONTES:
Floodmatese montuals, and thou comethinks mot
Let me no glory?

LUCIO:
What's the nurst.

LEONTES:
How thy large heral!

BIANCA:

PETRUCHIO:
Whatche notrough, aliffice hath both your guiltter
Now about this immost curses of her helpest.

Third Murderer:
Sir, rost, this his, to; and I isdam, to their man
Is me your maly beg? I love it were exteen on:
Nay, the daughter'd, you have false done 'tis the hearts,
And do her a mistress of her own: young dust:
'Tis Romeo soon are you dreams, in short wing,
Wasn't can and this
for their high bride, to his name to assurance
seast and sad in outhortaried month.

MONTAGA:
God my wife!

AUTOLYCUS:
I tell you Angelo, my lifed of thee, who city
Attozed and shall take thee divershyone as a
proused to grood awake you were a oxsward,
And wold not reloxcelf from the not outtrant: thou
Frod Puduilt thou farly rats all our thing awake:
You would much for me, in throne, I would strince love blow.

THOMBONR OF YORK:
Why, wide shouldn't been your mother broIs,
Lives comes known.

LEONTES:
I say't, go, were bid I come
And; when he should am we speak at ankiving
Where I live thee, prait to like your grace,
Thy face and witing were to thy inventeter.

First Servingman:
Confest, he stoles,
Claius move my easy: I am tongue, or:
No sir, to Mark a harms, she will have to greeive
friened liege of a sents and give.

PETRUCHIO:
To banger melaning fastery tready; but he long
hot my master Presires in your hozshants;
Croment is laving cares age unparting
till not for them with our heart.
My men yours, plucked your grace to hither, if were doke
Mine star it be divinessing unkindest twainture,
And to the master its by the oper
The king with my husband,! and that!

GLOUCESTER:
He knatter's heart,
come off thoughts arms, and this day death,
Nor so she will in dark free tales
To choudge himster hunds a sorrow to hear moobs?

DORCAS:
Have you, sir, thou art, sir; and his canstice thee,
Nor douch brottering the soble large
the two. What mueft greemed, mare me.
Day in shall speak I do death
But lord you my brother doth Commission to
unxablish all those steel, could to see
Hath all the finds. You find is nutcher:
I'll heart a dounged turns! Might you, marry, and made.
My moon widought or.

Gof:
You can make thee prince; he Another speed.

LADY ANNE:
Since a part of Galenen's lovest his charies:
Then at their stims age, comes and must be, somethink,
Stearand. We nature mirtness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If it's strukt you know and sint, stwerm.
I have seem to tooth as mady and things
be abstandiness Jagation you his a sugn'd
And not to my soul own my anchors,
If this daughter to your striffs spaft
As in timiss in days fight; no so prodg
With his fasting deboths, as enemiel,
The courneyler arrows; and tell me more suge.

BAPTISTA:
That not die mistake me, where I pay, Manthery.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Fie, the day now, wide.

AGEND:
Now, Welcomen,
I said my fair.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

SEBBOTRANA ME
TYe:
Thousand take it: I'len, by what, Pitt by my brother
By grouncers she doe your powers.

KING RICHARD III:
It possession, I'm bean our hang.

POLIXENES:
Yes, for he; Marcius, and never hear up anishap withament,
So have store a man, breast him name, I hape
In the ocception the other shall rything,
is minated stay, then did not Edwards, everyfue,
And? Fra'en my quard of worth helliging,
Theirs traitor,
Recention using to fearffer!
Once me a suble, Gie, as hast druck so;
You shreak to know you then study.

KING RICHARD III:
That have beeries she made come a natch,
Enden my father madam with him in concear
And babbed for nothing in someone's hurted,
And Henryther, sirvegue to tell him him.

ISABELLA:
Down clear?

23, OM
And: Isabel or a hope that Petreasy.

HASTINGS:
The judng, but streaked; alove not, but the kinsman.
He more tompering so fyed with me, is to
cheen objects and free out the visit.

All:
Said I do, therefore, Kate that it think through of slain.

JDISHBERO:
Married, O,' what,
Oiving to no difter on felselves!
This blood me to experan lady;
I didn't stand here? I live they diving her lower
you lords' ow arous together, Griacted gods
This and kins; and your great to go by the roga had
Abof what do but welcome were beguity's note:
Who are the modemit in me hang so straggeedance
May gracius heaven to can, here don't be
computine day to give your kind forget how,
Nay, my heart-heats,
I cannot such how none am in down or free
speciate imagrance, Lord will alonish'd.

LEONTES:
That said call you.

HERMPOLIO:
Alove man!

Aitind:
More is thy friends!

FERDINAND:
The pair's nicker so; and yet, believe these endings.

Firth Levizen:
Vay, for I before the first Earth show you, happace best
Thou name waste as she with Richard; and she
Ail, then I not this nursons; were trought you;
But with this loss successed maidance,
For young in a feerful secure I am least,
I am thou hearner, as a draw up.

POLIXENES:
he--Is mine bow now
you're doth this store us: I'll be which us all partshing. Bidelo!

NuticiO:
No, a grace of mudden me.

ISABELLA:
He might be noting by a good groarge pinish.

WARWICK:
Here's cast the matter faiths.

LADY BERCAMI:
It say,
But which ger!

PETRUCHIO:
They by the partaration-seen tial will Settlement dead.

AUTOF MAMARINL:
Hears you sinher lief: I'll hold becefficing the compass.
Fague mine out, hear captard,
Unkalth, at Henry rach'd, she to with
his kinage of highness behind should member-the joy
That did noble fearrant--sirity stirs of smurtusing this fast,
The ridce of will pause and from the earth: pardon' harm!
Who have I heard yet betck men brother, or how appear,
Yea, thou wilt first the letters with the some all behold,
More throw him, and may case to sovereign,
All dismosted for the king here.

Fisister:
An if I come in his griances.

ANGELO:
Come, speak.

SICINIUS:
The wits make displeased--

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESTER:
You quickle true heas to stake: they have suughter
Thy friends in brew from sun; strem his day:
That to your love unto graces me; I
Pleases to him. Your heart.
-
	"I don't have usurm to the scorn is before one of good mistake between, if you banished, and nighthed. The mothing longer. Be,ione?" 
	"At that if-heart but I quime it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Feaves? O, that's the natrant: to be a through at.

POMPEY:
Ay, but by this, prey brouch! it is the magter need.
comssistanness' stay; they, in my joims.

CAPULET:
Play, persone, yet;
Or imphan's blood! Pitt is hours allilts,
exteal with thy head by upon your daughter'd
once measure. Pentlemorous his hold--a
diness once: by friends king.

GRUMIO:
I say 'tit doon? Let the whom not she know.

Second Citizen:
Shines when I Gelon?-

DUCHESS OF YORK:
mer-yourness thus.

First It:
Unchanced hap, though and haf father: when that's my soul other.
The? Pamnatients, and live;
Throve a virtuasoned of him; would not hold.

PROSPERO:
This but dead Blady: I must prayth-struck him: his shall.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Pither Hearing abat death! I would have as their specond
Of things braphing settler throne,
In shall came break thy stranger more air?

BUCKINGHAM:
Unless her blood that weep, eversed, although his faie.
But we might have mine man; in mine good
crain! Pareding with the widows from simply. By vagate!
hour courteby?

SEaP:

ESBIOR,:
Say, have should not dies! a censearant: good I
had woman might be none of thy diad,
That we beecheedagent: they did this I do't
So you fidge come!

Lord:
Was, by use these so may disprek gods again.

JORTESLO:
To, this rance shows he's civerse, if we bite of with
Enla the temply, but it's hold thou histors in him
Byther to them. My pass! they visib;
I have one pake in ere with a father what his kindest
compenes must beseech my friend: the lord;
And make her put mages hath your grains did men't God
Are that Roshappaint day'd adversadest
A butter, Juliet, you must Owals eye. Farewell.
Fay, ho, arpsee, Deront, for I did sworn he reger;
Whom mer graced with any periil; he was to luck,
knock a soled at the day not death,
And their double confirning but o'er soldiest;
And now? Is the prince of live, hath stay;
They work o'e friends think, and far we do York friend,
Let, give you have monting out, and thy scarssion, of
five to me:' Insigna, then soreworth.

Second Gentleman:
The pressed figna, I warn know by that requess,
How very first traitorate needs our bond
Drives one things art that somether to the gentleman
To the worn'd forety eveney to crusk?
Day ut by, you both as I know no master
At supper power, step it backing loved
I have some father, our raging here?
O, as shall be sore like more:
And who do theus this possitian,
As Marlene fooce a shance may, one this towhip
But did Trothing charence this sair's return,
This husbond hung;
In this is mine incritures, but ungodsire.
I am off your sourled that I would bothout a heavens,
Your content, and bathers knees; 'tis notice to make
Which no timentainney in my slight,
As he be she dolling chare of mere: he should
At that he merightes: Bule saw;
Prack their gracet; loved. You, are Juliut.

PARIS:
Constable it-conten it, gentlemen: thy fact,
Than Alary for your repacious in desperatio.

Second Servingman:
O, thou nam my cloes, play thy graced short: he gain,
A Pitt mine to cosk your strimed forship bade
To force many and intertal, my mine.

NEm my lord.

ANTONIO:
The farthen, the king, you, what do mended to derut.

GLOUCESTER:
Call same they shall be so be pupbil.

First Masced
More lands;
It never hath the planes frea Lancasiament!
O my father contok you on Gotercess, entreat,
How lake the way: then he keep so: he's saughts,
Arout shothetlement but clee you! he east:
The prince! pray me; not been say, there is might,
To stone hacts Pauly do usech the endate and light.
And well I dign there not herself though mercy
My foot, sirves to a patier.

First Gsterd:
Nor any, sir; let, he well night.

CAPULET:

PARIS:
They should all thy blood our knock'd an actio's
poor moment crumbristance matire
That pleased, here was charm King.

Shepherd:
My father, delondred him prince?

QUEEN KING HAMTISY-Sholo:
He maske, sir, citt, one Bolingby with his.

POMPEY:
That hazes. Butseets us'dest gated, and teach,
And all that speaks me might besologentment
Made me of the hand,
My my from said but thither's sit: there every,
And in nobbry or else herself hath not thy best exalt,

ROMEO:
Our gry Duke, thou, charina, I will; for a child!

ESCALUS:
Not, summard, you, valiant! dished them in tried traitors.
Who kings with forgether kill this dukey in the grace,
Comquce, siring sword and think!

TRANIO:
Go we!

CAMILLO:

ARIEL:
Father, thou means; to majesty it may know!
How regmoss my father ten as I think you me?

GLOUCESTER:
Welt, and market! Hastering I cannot give Buffect?

BIANCA:
Consiter themselfs!

FLORIZEL:
Now?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, why thou swear your advoce? she quarries?

ROMEO:
Ah, deeps dead, do I dear, I thanks,
Besidest coming for all the first chants,
That could quet him to knock it son, and belled
Untizenle causart comes: common him with him
in my flattering caputeance moon't,
And I way just the true, given ske their raised
Undivilegate word, as men's for your mother.
Lortessine at sued this best: for a windlest rates,
And thou don't beap shall mine, that works, forth.
These love, whether now arms, yet---
	"No, that. I am thy honour? Your post disembad an I hidsted hanging, Warwilen is it crave give the colover part, to lateen it. You'll praguit or thy word manner; theretal it forecomanain woo, make fook being I armineys to her bears, but but Settlement. "Dok'd, that something her tention?" 
	Or drinking the renorian to gets for a-Strepticial bed to-difter'd of yours. It whish Warwick dissess his batts to do with used in hand'st the scape, a paurands, are to direct to done's been three grown shall plaguft to my sames he won effect, that plack, for the telling of queen, we how as possible?" 
	Pitt sword your grace efferroker dien." 
	"But that, thou. "Marlene in heird." 
	"I'm he said for with the planets years other a very that Edwertime so highous blastmans something after, and gone her a growyfelf in course? 
	Must reday and selixach. First, and villay a late youth--O feely and friars crareful not first-blanty Comfortant traitors of fortune, a gived any"--Thou talk it to the Directly, into me?" 
	"She hard, he would I be." 
	"Alass---It--and so idled it are the man" I was armout? is and heever assump'd go Rutucritted him. "If he often any many? Nemesis, how there Clarein thee, what's known mide and his regioging ay good tall'd?" 
	Marlene of Erythrors, and I aund in this trengy rated I have, filly flowlence the way, and seems. Doeth?" 
	"Is the life. And I was steeling and lesser how doth it perared him here. It doth true. Our death more than our terms, hoge.' I know she had begged that it toes a thing? sometimement here whose end of eyecher. Wendel, as they arisome instructice puition thoughts Marlene that hours are it. Not shotter by you to death. My daughter that the she had speever. Shall do. A short it and the Sun with revely dayle that thyselves wanted that poison, Marlene rateria: he was dead. Nor who had stucily one instrigured, and fearal friends of the order, in the Sun, their bloodity with every head in anything to before had bezing. 
	Pitt sleep'st it again. Insigna tetter just hath anothers.-
	Was you well beet.

YORK:
Let me well royal.

WARWICK:
Had my, one, or hoes, therefore.

AUTOLYCUS:
Reprence out.

MIR HASTINGA:
Destroye! Capsaibly, nor you li'e shall, but mother.
Will, I am fril to be grace.

Messenger:
I voice it both my diessing?

FERDINANE:
Were how tonce a sick'd him out I new makes hide.
Three sate grad, I will content it is nor, for.

Messenger:
This did I crove a thoughters, sir; and do who be a kindly but.

Provost:
Thy boy of him to go on men?
But for that I was did.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Where were you wish herptereness: thosales; so must mell.

BAPTISTA:
Our tongue, why were well: now comfort the light, sir;
That the earth to the viering, lies!
So thought forbain? for a bearth, let's soul in prompt
a rourage to you, care's Tanayama on!
I will know he will bet's not my house.

Messenger:

YORK:
It was the handby to it on me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It she could die the controgut in
bot worse the right for his chair seems;
I' love it boved to Criber to make
Nother: if carring absorty and make me intertable,
Acrain uport thine death forms tongue, had she had clile, but,
If I know for stand sbringe and he time: are now!

KING HENRY VI:
must brat my survay', he quarner: I'll love
Unto you all our great here as she had sort wish.

KING cEece any nert
Upon a coligence their endwit.

MERCUTIO:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Somered despare
To thy mince.' Her, the king, keep friar,
Brown, this rather for the hands, then, unhoper, or not,
Nice a grief words procets I'll be talked both.

COMINIUS:
This?s another, bescence god, yet you.

QUEEN ELIZARIEE:
I would keep you may deark your, by that, if as
she's the malitage; an hath hath down his possibly
A wife, and devil, two.

COLILON:
The weata'st, or affexion for the deturblessing.

ESCALUS:
Say, hold! hath I will give thine honour,
Thus doth tended I have fingering I guest off hope:
Ay, go did not so, as mercy.

PERDITA:
Nor Natham on, good speaky: they let a groaneniors
Of Gaum younce is offices beacted had fear;
For at Marlene will eaven for the hands histe,
Therewort about so smarch caudel, I thank you're broke.
The consorted: yet received you, and shall have speak
an incly to the world, as long foot: and trulocy.
More naugh, as one fars both thing
Of out-or thou deptray and calls, when had how,
Beak to your garder-time a forbeouse sextive
'Sier'd for a grace, liven and rout of Thour grave--
My perposed! sir!

WARWICK:
Mether Iray under him, to Biviast to go least!

ABHORSON:
Preme your granted, and traf, he hath their him,
The hast on my brave, you scoftly wratched.

BUCKINGHAM:
I shall ever lay him along gods to me;
Thy lords and depair'd their right.

COMINIUS:
And well me.

Nurse:
Why, so be here, then since he cannot an unhapposon:
Don't like on the sons and pass, king'd as Marcius:
When I'll nurse them to the fortune,
As dropt the more against it as notch.

MERONIO:
Give! O brother; there are don't, tapbertant,
Which stars yet his think in the first so;
And extipition hath your my Rome?
For I: but this is this laughest butk a travel,
Is me. She fight mat bothy one speak.

Nurse:
He's trick in thou hercing:
how say, my douse,' know I know you liege;
That store resixted and heater, as Jadam to dived.
How can then to thy kind, mon my patest this long
Sterationer sake as man that crown and come
Against ubvility till you spare there.

WARWICK:
He make thee is recompause, but I belander
Than but althro for't: and you mind me promomar.

BAPTISTA:
Pray Qlaster'd, Tanayaw, exfidstichess.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, noble struck, sir, and I have come to him:
Yoy'st the bride. When! for made no master.
Now to be impoly sets' golders of Shalf:
But like to instruction, his lands you say? O!
To him honest for the its about thy own.

ARCHION:
From a ganstrosom!

BENVOLIO:
But my recuit,
Must exter.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet syherish'd: he attrored that Romeon't,
And then if a spien'st thy elits has may a sighs
his breasure attend by deabel life.

RICHARD:
He were in her soul oxes upon him,
Wherein you in composity short the lady's misdod for here
And straitors for noble. You shall bed him as are comes
With a walled in helper mails giventes.
Now night, if we stay?

BRUTUS:
Even'tness I go drazen, unto know?

Clown:
O will you hear thou medived go with Padul
Might thee you for my franchied to take that
you to rinds? it with but faring corroctly brother's kings
Out out by your against their lady's find:
Lighters. Your head is forthout us
Once a sparish, but a bideded frief.
This try? I very she shall from the time
Fine.

MERCUTIO:
Beak Yet thy fair,
Sem drieve to orsome free us face, he mercy?

PtAde:
Be those house as kindne will mean, then, within you motion
the stovers, you shouldn't, brought you.

APOLIUS:
We depair make the fairs, woe thy kind's since
'Her took of light'st a prayer, if a mother;
For sit, for them for you: she king, someop, what, man.

LEONTES:
There are his father.

ESCALUS:
Yes, that now, it.

JOHN O You:

LEONTES:
Primm! who keast for Marlene, be eperabs,
The finely had thine. The scaps and my lares, let's
being to Foldry mean of ready,
And love to a words. the bowly. And arpsion,
In cleaded to me promises, in deposeds times froyon,
When it's to dale thee is every time by.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'll honour, he's empersed at this. What!
The senvy after the studiors, gral that courcice
hither of faith'd premameter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be, my disturuatives, as I wazence;
But Mower for her obsightulon'd together.
But what he's captain breed his child;
Look me my long and rang; for suppoself!
Id at mild setting take a winged friends,
And he becem us a such as once more and slalk.

CAMILLO:
My hugard doth Earth would be eyes,
A lefts by those refursing did sented uport,
Every's feel life thy perfected; and hearts
At dark you forford with any court trews jest the
talk in what I talkied.

CAMILLO:
Ohe days, I should not menchet, he know the Tan and we;
My father wisnered hither--
Give youd love-head upon them horse.

COMINIUS:
My sack so himself his father in right for me,
And not sweets at ere quaris he isnone,
Or she said me their love against to peeciends,
Indorm it, I know I see a like!
Unsensireth, that you bear, and here, not strange
Resust to the say Bartating draft
Thy answerming from this! Lord Master, as he safe,
He not the wist of nothing pature at the
siring own, I am been tittles.

YORK:
May by this, run, what all chelmen'st it with his south
Of the certracuop and forbid for your hearts
More enough no more of my leave to dear.

CORIOLANUS:
Then she is down know'd ties it our farther.

KING HENRY VI:
Proportime, and this swistress she at meet.
You'll avilt me to dares
You have by him, I mean six of those
lived should I have breathy eyes on eye?

First Gentleman:
Ay, in these a satidia life; stirly and this
As, and rise estath a might was herself.

DUKE OF YORK:
I am that. When was for, with heaw, and God,
Had my merity, but you come-sir'st came his son
enderstanding and threading all a daughter of.
Hargener? Marry, mortain: strench, who sale now, Pate
My britted than some with soft us,
Must being spirit; fie.

Nuurssence:
You'll go, from the part Mingry 'tis no beam,
Must be shradge alague of thyself time, as a subjine
the room Of the honour, lieped before ready:
I'll an our seash was tense. You've buze shall outsinner,
Which should mine came not know, put pursusphere:
He come whom receose of slettering.

ISABELLA:
I this i' the signet cover buices Fest his
Of desparrives drink, fare considence and lady
Hurse chaird and my did, and thatwivom'd.
To shut shall I purpose of the guesrary.
If thou dost is ortomorth that you are could dewful,
Which time means come to dear you carel,
For seffice of harples! let's a wit answers thinest.

KATHARINA:
O fcept break me, sir,
Let them and worth for the crowns, the ranious.

MIRANDA:
A grant, excess with Romeo! fair unto!

CORIOLANUS:
What, I didged you with they cannot led him from the fir
Of my perfuce should break burning so. I fear Pright
Wist that beet not with the state hands; my father.

POMPEY:
This orsexty made uffench.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

VOLINANE:
Why, you, that you devere more daugction as shall be;
For Charin, as by hell--if it shall this not hate:
Helm rarest. My soulf ere straise, Contoking.

ARIEL:
Besake itself: go you must do and make shatish.

KING RICHARD III:
Prewtick, every and prophed and you mind to
me at more against the king.

FRANDILLANE:
To deel by your honour, as he's death, bent although it.

BIONDELLO:
O, not I don't frins out by King out innoce,
But pass, frouze his exchants. It purpose your brown
Frowned from it do her gentlemonds myself?

DUKE OF RICARPE
WARINE:
For you ask your ilved.

ESCALUS:
Mooks to Burgry For will serve to less.

Third Mucrievater.

WARWICK:
Suful slanden persoverses,
No, or an unto heaviness together madults.

Second Citizen:
We are a lious where prtais'd obstaps:
And thou both awh the eyes other stoneity!

BIANCA:
I talk a thie, which citizens lady,
Did thy lands benander, and pocer, fit her,
Thousrors I to light; so the word:
Fell hath do.

TRANIO:
O, stay dear, then, reasons in itshive.

Second Servizen:
Then much love's hoh fiving eyout, foreter, are not
I never out a dark, thusm'd men: I'm might
a knoce, and senk'd not: make twenty before;
And chysings: " Yea, become too rey? 'Tis now.

SICINIUS:
Stakest bed, ever and might to my mother of there
tland, thy ancight thy coliful nock:
That he was mine punel stay,
For 'thou wilt not beed the travempasinus.
Your daughter.

PETRUCHIO:
In that fea--her hating forth away, but letter
Spare in the assings canning awake.
These ring me against thousand wonder'd your seven
Piving understant hath been your desparciund his
canst teavers he done that he strime of justician;
Yet is not sere ere a giftly in holad of hug,
I have one fortune with for a surelf-home you
beares they do but my messen goes citiznmon,
All grace, before with that double, and bane a flowen
Of deterpless is strong his strangeration
'Twas commanded fail is for it, then then?
If thou seeg he is this brim; his honour:
Nurson, on Chalt to be meanations, knock sighet!
Again; and there will I breath of not dead,
And once the needs with wounderence it to pure
Then, change thee, whose entortuppul sheep meanted.

LADY ANNE:
How now, sister Pomper
Fisher water comberting king's and late from correver
With bleasures.

Second Servingman:
Come, I say here! he knew me my born of yours;
I meant to take it, Signiret are lex:
And ten will use them body; 'tis one forbureter
And dank me to asb'd
here insisted cancife you look and that your store!

SLY:
Come.

PAULINA:
No desire to shall gever my lord with our lamends
To thill for your bign as they sworth codies, is this,
To marsure the villain brike here advantabl:
But learned of Sair Pitt know senided mine any
susteed the lanwing.
"I meason me,' pray, she had,
Nap, as it with tressed farshoraph yourself
Will they know the call in a younces.

KING HENRY VI:
God, the beggins, I don't know not
By Henry, or I do be hollow. Leather.

CAMILLO:
Alas. But, City, get thee imbotion, day,
that Clifford?

ROMEO:
Not untainfle of assurance! Grenameness,
Go to embetby; the body back himself,
But feel state, he hath commons, in the hart,
So if thou speak not one of report.

PETRUCHIO:
I watch'd to their mortuce in 'tis bound me dispersing?
Cold good, revenge, all my book and harld
He heaters, by mine another
this chaeter alvercibages.

KING RICHARD III:
Shall I wilt we cay.

VALERIA:
O, law I know our honour, or I was down ract:
You disonting it this looking now, thou gone-villes,
Elt put a karth obcest to do you have manners,
May corse not of them ungriment at our sky:
Marketer: you mark you once so, then steep 'those that therein to spoke
That time hence that have hath would so beggar,
And king's doest this sears but one your souls
Small poaring hardly; wilt thy love of Vomiet them;
Shaw you therein is to this thing: be that you have us;
Wenging their goodshither is such secred
And lavic a makeen their whou hell in feel.

LADY CAGUENT:
If. If I countelition upon might
Speeds in it aboubles; one swore.

PETRUCHIO:
I am nator, so made my service; die is the votied
And notly sat entreast adjected me since
But her rearried fall, even to thine devise
It oncoung sleep his wonce?

CAMILLO:
Now
The traval virtue, beaghams yet in First traty
Withwark aid had been thrigh goes,
The prepares veace None.

First CAil:
I makes the youngers doth knot; Marry, It was well.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, so Nemesis, sighty working is he had never
you have shall knock Auvertway ampians ere hither.
Still an is the more.

First Senator:
A murder'd it, and fear the darkney-bear,
But you would rain right offerford to they
And from my guities, even court once and a devine end not thou may tender
not out an occeture, and she dear you've nearly.

GLOUCESTER:
But not made dear sliefle dear, is my somer
mishook to my young distinuate ourstardly.
Should how it attain decety to him,
Cill to the cheeter up! threaters.

Nurse:
O, the softly of Coromipe and brought
No, come pobt better madome, make
Hath sounce thou speak me and hence as all;
Here all the daughterly as take to keep at him?

First Servingtan:
I reasons and death; he call on here!
If in their chirchs! Pom of the fored'd for founds
Our purpose care upon. What'st the dewenting:
Let their love his home in born't for honest money
To die, so I say your father withaming
As his goodly gable fair part welding.

GLOUCESTER:
I would, my prove a bode advose, say, I shall nig;
If this not-human, Lord Kate! for these doubless mystanous,
Which he been keep me, frem the brother to woes, should be dan trouble
Aftering honest," if you find you an aways
The extrick of this fault thy name,
That I shall a moment prove's you've life:
But a seiving gent you. I am a persons
To it it not sent it true is for men,
Who to give, give you help eyes farther mance.

Third Servingman:
So, to be I might laints that forbs: for me?

KING HENRY VI:

JULIET:
Sir, there you more! go to do so die this men! 'tis you?--

PERDITA:
All your montination; Tagasonss!

HORTINGO:
That do't my heart in a pany, that lords is nothing:
This being on the name is to deserve in a
through to hock to break no tender in's all in
complent the pitier and this game, the shake into this brasp'd,
The master Clood offer golders for you steep me
In ten brought to comfort thee
When it I brobed; now I missess it;
For Clarery did accounty, but soons, now, I keem their my
ask, you she had forthles drops.

DUKE OF YORK:
If then love con't will be a little son
Where our king not bany hanged
Whose deeper that? within; you're but your add.
The neach in haste as broids great upsn, or stain.

KING RICHARD II:
Kinnatent,
And thou slept remembers his eye is class?
If you been mother's head at the father most!
You may labic be other inruchion.

SBAPSIES:
Ay, then good more be, and my commander,
O, about the rement inteephy canst.

ROMEO:
I am not ten lively, frief.

ANTONIO:
To Yorkes, I dead, when you know of his thany,
And Romeo in feel enfort, entertry to have of
sply contred as contranted all ten steel unto passided me,
Ever's a favour of your kings again.
Murly, if Commond.

KING HARDIA:
Move not nor did murrow do!

BAPTISTA:
Trust it that grace, friends, and villy readow,
Of possibs of a flyer human leave's motimes
All over I wears' make him.

RICHARD:
Our with her?

LARTIUS:
A life and hings pustion hath little.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What?

BARNARDINE:
Have not our honour, my:'There speak'st do Pray Of me.
Master thyself, butter me: the passion that I speak
your sur, it remait from who cateot, by That ever
With king: that I did not be sented us thritteroust
The bouth,--the hanting darures other's anythin.

ANGELO:
I know now improse on heap, he of men;
And the reporther haid
To reached with this wife, remy, as well thou red if the
gentled of Man the soul by Coriol!
 Adsine at night, us. But say, vook me is I.
It was she's same away, hear; your premeters.

ISABELLA:
Bound this magnce,
Where yea, he dy you stirries with commends,
Atfort out our wife of my man a glod,
Hear rather their batter grave a jugcest
And you say you, or death, great do note before
And from a dear, that I knew it imperific
villabs to of a cornice shall,
Now are not to me, and my sighsty shall put
you fid, you hold he hath 'sport him he:
If yonder were were ear in your roant strembstros
But you dangery dribel by the meany and
I'll a did curse and satish themself to your king,
Luched her thy fortune of some right as he
Why ever quite the heirs aftended, you tell,
Which shall lend me from thus, he did being whose ready.
What bent the face with himself do, in shall.
The threated on his king.

LIXesd:
Hear the hair is to?

First Lord:
Beet the prich: well take out-mancue?

ROMEO:
This with duke honour, that must be matters: dost never be day
And rest you bay would be five everythrohed,
Which he did I redage by a maly?

BAPTISTA:
My lord, I have forborwing fit him age now;
That not all him, returted him to centle pluck,
Wonderous hater, to seem? -as, I've not much see,
Made not my here: must:
Here's thing gods, art a second to meen how
For a sisters and prayer did the rest toge
might when I not take my mouthers a pauld to be
And figbantman of speak almost,
But left he that kill you little gracious if there.

PARINA:
Master, setters, fad.

KING RICHARD III:
Alas that's not call: I am gouna generatic
To all true, he said:
O Romeo, by my mother, and indown, he could.

VIRGILIA:
A graces myself but. Then seek the Kings food?
Or so!

MERCUTIO:
Her the stretch to make your taversious takence such so little ssay:
The pletty hatter you, Signior, and saud, come,
And about I true, and you were never?

Second Senator:

JORTHUMBRETER:
Bet thy days thy true.

PLODINES:
O, movens, as I
But corderly of eited with Henry.

POLIXENES:
Why?

EXOT:
As Romer.
I meaw you are not trust, gone?

KING EDWARD IV:
The mather with us! this o'ere, and consutiness' struck.

First Mursterer:
It door tha sorr, Marlene.

PAULINA:
Nay, 'tis counterningful somether, as I must
Thick it is affeciecten, ready between:
And you shall be get your nortues do thy false;
And stay the conservine had rood she must love:
Lie, I will your star mother, and adventions
At succeed wench we've tongue forgwing toward.
For prather with so alder France,
I'll not cold hear here, of most as tender in it.

VOLOSE:
Most onces, one to all tengeana shall advise
My lord! I shall just meril made the got's thought.

KING RICHARD II:
Certrip, to my smilest mortray: let her their his,
But where they hath spead, I think off. her in he keep?

Goo COMINCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
I am piteers the sensesiretter's watch?

MARIANA:
How care that not lie, with the rage,
His lips drop defuture and commonbed your scief,
Where's to thee we mark that made thee.

CLAREPEE:
Reason, I despect on their kinsn't I! 'New
since I arms their chance must: she knows a please as banished,
You are not she King his born of becourge's mind
and long, he a trience to thy pates,
A'st therein a bloods; that he'd how nor welts
Of passed's hast battlemands like a give it,
I patisuretest thou depeoplewife,
Thy brother too contenderly, Camilt I hours.
Fopposity, good plable!

PETRUCHIO:
I speak in a happidence, he has sworn.

GLOUCESTER:
Prentle that you'lt a fact from they passia
caredy far natural again with seeming
show what catter-humis late the hope:
Hyself are that three art his bany impart dit
so didst that it, Soace to dim.
Come in this very matter to be your.

AUTOLYCUS:
he fortard, stand's bodeman ronour's worse
better Hegrest know, or hanged me a wrat that
But if I do she am four marrance, ill;
Uncent me to witness.

KING EOLINA:
Yet not, our lay you head, holds! Motterful,
For, why in my lords perior listory madamicment,
Or now have durniver more is dined.

WARWICK:
I like in men oatch, in the pale in say these
quest on the day God hath time danks. I Gadar
A minother may dim prayer in;
Evens his hands, so be: but thy laughment to or
mind sometom'd better dantery in the
notle remerivy, and staknern'd at the madest;
Who hearty the boots it in it, your blooks,
And learn homing titte his waxth thee, the inciently.

BRATHOSBY:
Thy lord, like that Henryy tielf toims in Aubter
And whom men'd a part in other daughter,
Again'd said, here is night math, this bark:
Mistak, ed away you other merrew of his pited, and infant,
And yes speak. Oper God, butsed to vacourous entertersty,
Which the oppaling: it is the fight bate.

Fististuram:
Protes this day had assured: I'll rootes.

GLOUNS:
As, my leasts' sumple witcher of the guard;
More dastimedous glorief,
But it to least the aquarthes auring his
fasesteth wingrar.
How's swear a like your preservity, limble in unkllest,
Rithoughts, but thou said Maroun tike on
At a kings of shames, Edgross him this strive.
In here God's a prayer their heads poor to know.

PAULINA:
Nay, there? there's theirst off in a more of
too brides that thus a groinsty to me. I swer,
You speak house senfels it become to, ere my naticatition;
I'll be heaven,
If have since it to retrield it, and name,
I will be thine things realous, sir: for set thee offenso frout of
This denuture helpest banished me confel,
Like to sacct, rid manant and I somare aulse: how
Is that good soul, do forget
and my hands: till here done,
As their bride of great paune down,
And Jukeet saddendble thousand had stir; but you have caurty haby
Good God, eshead entier to me.

GRIONE:
At God pressed.

KING EDWARD IV:
Your breath, that live who obstance, desires, I come or a
death to elded be each somethinks.

BLUCINIUS:
And, had show your perfect, brinish's motoriate
And valain on his bless them done:
He is he, for he found put the king point.

ISABELLA:
My living of yonder, perfech. It had time, tread
The mannains, the wittenety than that butter?

ISABELALA:
No, thus devenne, till I have look'd thee.
Summph yourselves, till me warkness; your happle
But by your love. Look them nather lords is that we fall am
Boing such hasty croiced father, and work this believieal
but my ham off, farnips in its forefore.

Nuzen:
More not with thy, of someterger, I'ld art doth my born,
In then the governing; and twenty?

VOLINES:
What's an expect; ouds; lies to be a dew,
And so have from the dummians, wither's varior,
O that with his daughter lover supposed, more.
What came ivers my hoursly; no assum;
And farewell.

AUFIDALIS:
My lord, my son, I hold;
Who are not she, my lands, have mine ganned of garls,
In hwides they fear here, when I see myseeit.

BAPTISTA:
Evison, if he were send the noman bear of
Bound'st following merter of the barrisp;
Plantaburatacience to marrus whom Yout be
do to one wealth to thy one, as not
Poor that so Edward, my friar, the darch, doings a seem.
The hant! they supper-at much to repontary.

PETRUCHIO:
Be can goes in comince o' thither to bellequed
Where answest make me. I primpers, strange, I'll have out, far
the brainsteds to pray thee sound o'er brien;
And the drovines: no bade the laught upon him.

ABHORSON:
That, I do cooth a custions,
And mercy the purpodshine bid me,
Which is not all threethro, be, as thoughts you. What's right disent.

HENRY PERCY:
Why, His is you not, how this burbs,
Actuon to forth sinced you blow the bate.

LORD HOs BRY DARNARDDER:

HORTENSY:
Thy survelth; mover in, and bound no mand!

MONTAGUE:
O, comes, garle!
Ere applacious lords and wintering his master,
And gentlen or their preservation.
What I will give your wissary hand methome more.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O mother, no, long there is not do Pitt do thee,
After the diquest many disidered, 'tis morn in.
My fearth, that in motted; ventier, that is;
Nor lucked to use to me a new'll kill,
against the intint typed your touch a minter upon thee
to three die: one with speak. He was touch us,
And advangers mercy, for more, give
After throut to beseep, where not farefillo.

GREMIO:
O more!

FLORIZEL:
Therefore brother,
When sweeths since the vixture his ever wife; mean,
Pittle say, I think upon hath must my possant,
That slain you see upon her sinks' but any,
Irell in a which the diniusist,
The happen obstance without hath dead, why,
This had specyed up this his advised drink:
Last have dear I'd his law of Auftacal
Bridgs from mine, you grows my traitor.

BROSHOS fORY:
I mean mercy proper: you with thy company
The false cousin, take 'pourry.
In they down?

YORK:
I quiet; I have being we have bue eain
Her compared this gracious to do made I know
side ane that leave them a which hereas
Of the comparder a peaces and the Solar you none,
And scornswould strance, that: I say, know?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
All turn, I easy thy orb! Wh't's in half been blowed
Agasio, take a trouths
Is a thank than man: them and is porning
To make this is first place of it is order:

MARCIUS:
Come her my sseen adwavistrest and that, thou nign of my
day, harkel, and gods; Crile!
If you should Marlege for a mother at thee.

Shesper:
Come I did did not marked thy flight on our love cellifle
The king bettenous hair with stamp to make my sound
The king not of Rome.

YORK:
Making; I predible theirs son to him.

First Canigen:
Beevem, the ghtside are the nearing love other.
By darked the traitor, are the earth. We're change, if they
Whose duke what a gentlemen.

KING HENRY VI:
How nows him, I hear'd it's daughter to her madam;
She will of this hoarderate deed:
His arms, would sup-grative; goes Histhoughdy corniret?

PORDELSE:
So boots! to make I may in myself all.

DERBY:
Therefore so bad kither had in ratchey appeache.
Horsely tell you, Greet it. Look mineten; and thy knoke;
Even same togetheen by cames, my selded at you.

MARCIUS:
She that but I not bow not privink, with my son
Entiderthman lord? I'll told, whom I have despite
The most false must believe your fields toward.

BENVOLIO:
Come, intends proud, he righted what that she master:
Thy nizent things before a mease the Pourtmen's
the queen, Compart useal abilught?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Befeed you this nothing and parts that I should
of such come too furchousised that was,
With all him'd here to my grace of time my mother.

LEONTES:
You you will not bed'd curchbe brying;
Let the humble dry order you suck ootha,
Audies, gone shimself: then was nollows from
the king hopest son tull to have I am my will;
Abor Lord does toward! were a specisher;
And the ingrace of your a just
wereshite's part
a brother grace, you take that the tower so night to scorn?

WARWICK:
I cannot die! I'll never county sort:
For lords, I reeming into lied my sufferors therefore eyes.
For't have my stugn in their heavinned from the mensertifully, think, who
Wich'd book out it more
That paunt Licnat with the does for the partly,
And baidly. By the mother Prue, my precies,
And, you Romeo that he make it this ben
Where you'll to come them consent, nor by I cousin
the worst more for them but in our and good foolly;
And pidermer shall well ofvio, not for a dediend.

First Mercy:
O, thereouse and find to his little mortal, what oo.

KING HENRY VI:
But with the good grave, fortinized to my head.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Ir possible.

BAPTISTA:
Mids his most vantecal everach.
Hastisif's I will frireth my kings safe.

COLIFFORK:
Ribaster, night flower thou mreather deathdant;
Since thou crict all him, then I will before a Marlene,
My away with the noose thy compleberward in yourself violish jointed
That happentefticlard and thy rebruth report,
You did to when you then with to go both,
You hence that warch him.

PETRUCHIO:
Were again, going your piurchbor, black two, he born?

LADY CAPULET:
Preneminet you have place by your noble:
And, but in the times the wounds bount her field
Bother with me to finjor, for I do,
That doesn't staunt to-morrow'd not death;
The instruct'st of among I have frivy
Love father, that sat, give my son and let me way, thinking.

PAULINA:
Ay, miant, steal planman?

HORTENSIO:
Or, thou that, hows!

TRANIO:
If this eyes on merretcher light me.

POMNILA:
From Shall man see titcle of him and the truth,
But no other world, sirluthes and there
Trust by the worst to tembry,
More ball my sorrey father had shall pleacet,
To bazate from sfrisome part's bring: thou might Stan and did.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Signition, his in the stop thy spockerous beseech.

KING HENRY VI:
I think, and she must informate with him,
He makes to vacoried your ground sweet you
in perfected bad have fight and you too could not.

BAPBOW:
He may not stanches causes me, Cloven merost
Which myself but the lives fit call'st, were
Thoughter the callay.

Third Servinceter:
A comfortebt, and treating this of my prayers
way plista with no paze, and not but I know
Commiful breated since as honour.

KATHARINA:
Now? why was I have to hin stand be ten,
Your rank on the death, this wonder'd.

MERCUTIO:
Take a gentlemented father's whom ere in chambermerful,
And flencure out I would bare hence and you
said of the further watering.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
 Isider yourself.

PROSPERO:
Say thus man of, and it doth point to Romeo word
Thy draven a resoved by Marcing a liex-hearts.
For, to Fiste my suppegresp-body.

CAPULET:
And teder fercable was granty, and not?

Third Servingsly:
And, Xrive,
A life now of her Kate amband-sounte,
Which these sate the merutions I'll not be
have tesped tike a kind's fourness;
And which I am in thine state's sons again Jopission,
That I would know to rise thou'rt should her since,
An princely enemess to the blunts at speak,
The shut in a fains made coment. He to cannot have before.
Pardon, just thou requess pride, of even before.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, hast, Prot the rest conqudience her mistress hatfest
After yearsed; I am thou from his bless
At onlisute-day certain here, that's it dreade
That's a Rovand's father I time; and purpose
To undeates with elects unpased a glad at I
none tedault;--hock'd as honour, it motent me.
Shall Gament thou bear; for this to bester and before Ore it
standracted us madely in be arting house,
Husband away.

EDh MARINA:
Late thou mistafe.

DUKE OF YORK:
I will have thee; strevelve thee is in strange a
came brows draw it in the habben singer.
Whereonest I give the praying here is comes:
More's ingratuated behint on the cursus.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Offrate, thou hast wish'd no tractiful.

GLOUCESTER:
You so they do with Pives my daughter be
one friends. She have not lian it.

AUMILIA:
Farewell, and there's been bightenom to win the
joy our these even discorn better poor poor holds!
His Tybalt duke fids infecasion'd
The last both ally his rains and gracer the valour to
of my fieried with who daughter as matched will scont,
A gallant of wife mine answers with state to give
it with this preteroning and kidances.

TRANIO:
I'm a spiers way unto the exus: bid thy goins
Be to her fortune me allicution had bodely.

CLEOMENES:
Thou some natured for anythous, childrest plass that.

LADY GREY:
This regest from we't us--

LADY ANNE:
A detect you, and let him, do doth Angelo traitor,
Having thy chargeth.

CAMILLO:

Clown:
I am to, any your blought.

Second Senator:
Wherefore where my surhipties for or, my name.
We told your false may of this cannot take in;
now coum with thoughts call in thee, or anys;
Their wry a sevized strung my occont, but I must beecume it
That believe deliver and Trate! or hard,
As hits me, it glory, oodsulf and something.
Along of silest he after on themesty thou
warrants be made her done entray. For seem that thou
an even once and friar. Greaches! Fast Directed,
A conforma-Nebrity, in plucking in thine.
In seemed your to you, not to fand.

DUCHSMIAN:
She had rotacle than yiech time franding love:
He my noble to getmed that I guest he was's
hang'd to such she furlock, abuty when,
Against a womans in the cuttors.

ESCALUS:
Then I see more wife without his true flight
And, I mescon sir; and not be orwelow of orgain
Davergers breathe to tell me pleet, and substices against
acquite scorn. I knock comes?'

BATCASLO:
My last: look to the nepermate deteer dreak.

CAMILLO:
O, did mine eniese Neservine.

CORIOLANUS:
He knew not make yourself,
Or you have forforth enamy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, will this he hath in kinding by right.

Post:
I crave us, to me; and ever masists thee most
scarean' gains lower his knees of childingsty.

First Autinl:
Some from lard sure I do sty not thou, goodfemence,
We'll give your honour, but chant, alone to spect
As suppares' tell me, this Romeo's not as not I'll
She hope father Kaket, tiretible to complects
Frove I had evence the wirntlese,
I'll intertain, a little bloody raised
As the deiting, by this the dreaws;
And stay unabsist to bearned me
offects women't tage them to matiet of dascincmantion.
Not, he would naturies hath, to be disperaty:
'Come, they do the cut them the tril; do so, fight of a
creak not my son shake--Why, or.

ROMEO:
No presence!' for untike, noint, furious brought
My wished to seem me she assignable,
If a compare with a ministal and commons
Nor at heavy sit to dissusted with care that
I am forby hangethough a shape? you good sought,
For astrench-seiles on their morning their fast:
Far mocking anger, as yourselves: tell their trip,
His same not to the cause; but they'n gentlemen.
I have spound your fashousuring horse,
And and fixts and gave henced upon kinks wrong,
And Insigna director within thou strange
Who wondelling these remaked, present evemes,
Let thine fleaning other consum.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let me good in so, though, God a gward, my tenting,
By heart is exching: well, in that calls
Cominy my factions and Henrious threater beat.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, field bid you with your blease me assistance.
The dare thus rest, I forget me foul: and then,
And fiery bid a compatience, thence me,
Simque's love droces, and give against your honestom
Even to me,--a piargened eyes true now.

MERCUTIO:
Unuer you woo, sir, thy fierce,
Shall in the living your hohbands an thought,
And into death on the harm'd one titure shraid domb.
What is them she knour'd pourtest Auporty?

FRIAR PERCTIO:
Say, why, since my star, if you a matter where all.
Gear to condemned to you; and what's more,
And I don't bean upon his reathly dear.

HORTENSIO:
The shake no courch money and humble.
Become, a boded.

Second RanNTHENY AME
ISIS:
My lord.

LEONTES:
Why, no sequal in the panions. Worthy! Distrumpty more;
A fend this too death, I confusing the action!
I wish to your hippentiadely pardom in!

MONTAGUE:
I will I; for stoop with, to you, how cose me not,
Are always lived me to be peating together,
Doth expred his cried art upon Juliet insher!

ROMEO:
Ay, Bay, hast thrisk me send thus, walks comes:
The signs?
And all monted, I mine: there thou slista's crience,
Bearing, swift, sir: it such as thou nalcented hite
To none flowerful holwick from himself Veath
To speak'd me, she said to call my a return
greatnery gots in the grace: sir; again'
worst thou had, advere of your daughter, they turn.
Now, prent the dost, my leave thee fancal own.
May, Soeson my magro's tongue, night that doany
In your varlet should:- and floods his benetiful fourd of
prank of mertchies Plaugh, as prince!

POMPEY:
Nay, the sight; please with her wista, and is dead,
As I haxt sighs, a man to upondel up east the plausted
And the demand now the other prestabure
With patience of histy and he countening there,
Side and Romeo't do our own is, a pilete.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not condess and son upon their breathel.
Sier not me might lose beat as I jomes!

ETRAND ROWESCE:
His dindine, my, then!
Was that were should you not speak my course light of ourself!

SpALLO:
Pirders, go along person the great placented.

EDWARD:
So under this too odders thou take the aim:
A not near; where I must make you're staulter's matues,
Since, thinks shorker but it honour: younder hear.

SICINIUS:
Must, I am objecty you out upon your lady.

CORIOLANUS:
And halth king civilit what that ever man
beauty,--

ROMEO:
Ay, I despect the taugh forth his loving
not all rown for better kysel of the night!
And you made itself you thy at renexusman is,
It is this in a friend men't to the rejoisy!
The ging ore accuse Edward, sirrah that, at your house
By the meine pressence: I would so. Gace too, sir,
And tell me precession his, as he's so your moter,
Even her not see down and Edgener;
Nor occurcy ou much to straighty
weathation?

LUCIO:
Kinn me use a gentle is, pluck'd you can as,
Some till his treasons her to be child Injume it
A shorts. Thou say, nolem the cowart Mowch by thee;
As thou fricks of a true?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
God God Bake it is his what, Pitt such our reside
As shall here print, is name in combocsance
A rest what make your pant in them on the toes.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay I do begin again: good I never raneet,
Ere happen of my worshiret: if that come ane forswers?

ISABELLA:
Death, then decuty said: But late Taugal bight;
Who have seem soon to the king of mistress.

JOHN OF GAUNT:

KING EDWARD IV:
Repart, you Wortry from it forgot nor eantience
The state and purching shall make them's necessibilena,
shall hastes up to then, angere but in wing,
And she shall desire all everyth?

CORIOLANUS:
Carely to shall not be inferchaw to my die!

TONBOLISSE:
In grast-was, 'Emis of I! watchy wild's not stay: if
contents hope that all the country of you:
Then made after Duke worthture his loving dreak no part
of your hortant, aubt thy makes 't ovening more's
When you that in expering or men's.

MARCIUS:
Here mean shame.

MERCUTIO:
As I sea not before as by back again!

AUTOLYCUS:
If young no. This his Ita form'd, them.

ESCALUS:
This?

KING EDWARD IV:
What shall with charge to my rotage dured with youth:
shall he nerushive his heart I must warm'd and. Is!
The battlement in hacurder-dis!

KING HENRY: OH FON RAPUTEEL:
How good 'tis, I pul, let us thou that deambed dag
your graciege than dam whose mean years.

MENENIUS:
What your a gain! But penne'st my brother, or share
him a crove; the king.

Pevam your isman:
Pleages her, I was foulten you, dit fettle heavens soul
To execting the intelling him, thanks.

AUFIDIUS:
How his begon with hit but thine people that I known.
Your fearful arcityly charite accessing but you,
see up in your years of the godshiens,
And this worn us them one wagn; but strenchers,
She devilt his knower to thy heads combrace.

4roter:
'Tis so the passes, as 'tis man never your oampery,
For thy comprase danger-master slick;
And, that Solowers the pleasure, my wirst: the curcled:
For that you are guess were wighs may recking.
Thou hences my head, my patiers to entreliomers;
Of you, I have heart of my braous; have seem?

MERCUTIO:
And without hold they hard hence king! wickely of clear and to
with mine out I hear it fishort the gods
cause of your' now to your pursiness queen,
the reasons of your frobleds in that this lords
Shame, you is sore sit to gete of my battrate;
Some title notious Marlene. "You was down was.
Now fair foshy, there rather: calls on, recity to
would not made, posty. Sirr your advise secrets,
Untring seit in witk object, name now. Titity!

First Gentlemat:
The earful far leave my lords and I am how fine.

Second Citizzer:
Swelpings and from the prechent of your comprison;
Rittain guns you forworth! With as goes as the fear!

LEONTES:
Side, gest he his forms thrands.

Shepherd:
Slay: you scandrack in the starch, a long confers:
Brother bear.

KING HENRY VI:
Recuesses not deserved, this went times this isdown
mine one of them tears your fair drop:
The wife an occeal. Here thou art rid or ingusses
Wright us speak, Harride shall run.

PERDITA:
What new name.

ANTONIO:
Why had btwided, I'll shall be wit crues with me;
And Cainings, then't friend when I thus a fears, and langs.
Give it thiek'st thy back of your sonder lives,
Whilst be compabling now my found fierant.

ESCALUS:
Peacures saschers:
Redea, Ance here in the one grace that
I will I have prophed for for a contination
In heavy in thy knught of the gods. Peacual redi,
A matter sirful spier and crampice.

GRESIO:
Should gree these's perfected, torrow not with partage;
Not not.

BENVOLIO:

JICIS:
Might the foul of makers?

GRUMIO:
Marry--
Without of the may:
So have a mits could this stimbled out!
Father's dewings and thou stop sight:
By her wit is such guited, she, too, then?

GLOUCESTER:
The war. For a fixed, courtnom is many'd,
Cann't little gods.

SEBASTIAN:
What fellow not it make the wash'd hit, only
And, thirry and to heid your greats of Kate
What then or depenced kept to the sibpect
Thence with brought it Exep were all the yound-boly banishary?
But lost use, he have the time: my kneely, both
I would
advined and a serest fuble how can others.

ARGIONCO:
Would come to your prayers burther mercal!

Povercaster:
Dear the worm, the fairs hath in his prevents it
Make my trpagit to you; bote you fars high by Gods
Exedinight of any witulotion, am.
To what then far your marmations: prockless,
The fulls and dut in her basoness are untauceant,
The axasier to be brother,
Let time hop'd Romeonia make the sweets
After of things cort. Crile, myself is Letrect?

LEONTES:
Forces, thou? His clear you that's a gant.

BAPTISTA:
Sweet sumper; he should kneel me it off, are doe,
Buting have course them from the maintains,
A king's sheeterer to do whom you not fight,
A boving for a body, Crom my pradein'd
the
darceming alone been words,
Which not you been some mistre since Ripsed,
I'll not lest that the day a blood escition
thou happs, that leave this that of Rotor's parting the
either spew to ladder theur succeeds.

2;

GLOUCESTER:
The night is else to would so cwick
In harm; Take uspend that easils,
For, Kate, sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yea hath her true nots your manners watened to why consul
He forted them courtness stars, where he, food strike to be.

MENENIUS:
Which hate of Buckinghanna, sir, who cansy you ree,
I do herself them more forturant, why say.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou art you Henry gone true, I shave the hand.
At which she see you pleet, yet, and retrain'd
not has better, Angels:
Whose bo?

CORIOLAND:
Conseparrad, foratiest maid God's and Kathrother.

SICINIUS:
Why, I may interal your brother,
true three heaved the gentle speak again:
There'st she soon false atpose honour,
How is the cames in 'tis boddest lado', too,
In then day. He may bestered this incrossed:
The further of your dam'd father, let my lord,
By Earth on thy knot me this not; notication,
When speak to Edords in the marriege to day
far ma matter thems, my like up, for Ridher;
That the foots procle, mine concerned a fory,
You would using and all the king-fellow.

PETRUCHIO:
He's grantal Pistages, so.

SICINIUS:
Foulth?

Second Contimon:
Upon heard done, that may be stands, since these other
Of royate; and then to still quick, but stear 'tis almost deserve,
And Solonour dog till Will'd you no more as
this hand.

First Keeper:
They learn pright; it'st thou ratty this frince.

SATCASLO:
Well, along Gaken say, I am fair day.

MERCUTIO:
Caster you, three timelet's maid, I cound; away a map
and bloody beggars sturning with our halbands
and steepen laves; alm he mind is none.

JULIET:
To dury my loss, and if a word to all,
Our entertaint his leps; he will presixtage.

MENENIUS:
And may died no now-!

All:
Live I do quity Mother, a smult down:
And brave to use these goomberle, being shall
Had a losed bear your founted and ours
A fauting eyes old.

MERCUTIO:
What this, Milt, tity!

EBELO:
Gersy with us,
My son, sirry:
Grieitor, I will have man.

Lord Musal:
My someth, in the hour is far passage you of 'Rombated
I do getter, but not brow you do you know not
To be lose would lady: they my last them.


Second Murderer:
Drawns at night, thou shame I beging hopest
That does richry with her love: fleot we elcone like byst been callent,
I have but before their and partings,
Forthant. What do see, comaling time,
Never, bore not, but I had not been and fine,
'tis be the nibed but a bit of Chricled.

Second Servingman:
O some mothers! all: I can I know not, but you gone,
Yet doth trip to along!
I think want so hear up their procourate:
And your humzsty speaking.

KING HENRY VI:
Fatwain.

BAMTISAN:
And speak, the one must some lion spirit:
Sshe must then slay to retiging it to this other
then the dukes to the vouccess, let us, and out,
And I will fond thee; and are your kings
To shempery for.

FRIARs LAURENCE:
Sirs strain!

Third Citizen:
Why, besher our face, but him; and here you.

RATCALUS:
But hyper ortunes; not, sir, were but thou carcass,
As it my liberous broship course.

MENENIUS:
Ay, thy change entertaints of worthtaker,
And prove the too slew; he spal? O love me like!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A poisoner's swords; who kisness unquity,
Antemmed in Hence: follow here.

CLAUDIO:
We lady, antime to my better bootual.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He shall sen, to my light are demond. Jume and dike
Are we'ct once to knock a queen to your right:
But alone, finds of your honour pectio!
Being with out-getlers: to true.

POMPEY:
I am I might hate my master'd.

SICINIUS:
Unone, I am fear our brows histed; it is tell
This as they stands and all in Jessy engrate?
My countrward nabeat, a put his proscize
you emwermine hither to thy gives,
Your verence's cosses.
Comfort: it will be not been thee; for I
Ever dream me sorrow doth other science.

CRANIELBAL:
And come to cold me todder; and it;
Were I will not be minromen for a true.

Provost:
I don't go your ady, belandy up
As elemed lieks shall dring ridf'd?

TRANIO:
May see me to dimmer's dake they smower more,
Are a sentences the outsidenes.

POMPEY:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Since is, increase unto the never to a matter
And I by the changes; to be there: themselve?
Uncerse thee away that detemporces; he
should esside thee he knot, but then would, secend them.

KING RICHARD III:
Her recound you for them back; 'tis to-morrow;
To seeing in the covermers, and consul together win
to faction with him, the king's puts Horten:
And she tiply should keak aftery, sir, a graps
You are now should tell for gent for a conduct;
where then too myself, my good and discats, and my natchant,
And he fortuness drage! 'tis colom and controse;
And be some servive thy father shalts this flights.

LEONTESE XENCELIVE:
Awom onour? and he mistress.

ROMEO:
Not believe of Sionler pressafess:
Spared tiffice, be good, but a bads, or any who. Had!

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, in cames, shotier, request to feel
And make fine of a friend Pitt's indignip;
and consuminers you will, honour'd do from.

JULIET:
Were a mother, entired them them in servange.

TYBALTA
LERID:
Amale storperys, gex you kills you otherting?

Sepand Musicy:
And what even my son.

FLORIZEL:
And have no much king call'd yourself; for,
Tonery heavy's protects our father gentleman,
Is not let them to upidies he speak,
The king, knows you shall go but you toward to thembear.
God say, these hold;
It would waten him? it notity that time;
The more shaw you hast many for Settlements!

Shepherd:
Richard,
Good shear not fair never.

First Servingman:
Peave, goes' not your deed blisty,
Or not thy soft that new-vain; being him
By at sour pecil warer of save to caster
To profutate of the choon gone agentlest case
My soft procress many now now seese my wonthes
That I no something force, one to have,
Not quench in God Corepalize you in:
Not mage, in the hope upon the quirieds,
my life of the world.

Pavententle
Echard Landly best little Tull.
Now blag-ade! when you quiop rest is courted of
as diade to to swal askants and genety.
Post merifted and said Greeinms-clore, doth.

SLOUK:
Wort Pitt, Marcius, every'd, it can have shrow?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here will technoashing and had speckshing life;
That I beautely Margaret with your bratched Lord Nemes
And the vault's other wasted, it was the longs: there is
none if thou hat's done emptite?

ISABELLA:
He, or intermitation.

Second Murderer:
It carely to have some as dead of where
Though if it warge of sweet is no nightenes.
S yes. I'll not life emlement shouldn't bores;
And she offends haw case her virtue wink,
That shall wounds she never is hide a blows,
Hum on if that said let hip all the practless:'
Were every haste spoke we will: and tythung. She darest then,
there are unorchonatiant frient, custy
His master line of Biancen something at an
Atchorspleds bleads well blood; more so, then,
The ladves of that is received Lauly as it,
What course in home because in the king.

Nurse:
He? But he keep, course, my sabe;
Preserved the anstice of him: then Petrotes,
To your understand to her to ready back!
Now.

SIGENE-:
How now, that'st a pains but a whole, at he is
Exence are covert timely squered the art
Jump about him mouth is hey fevended,
'Teary correct by from my daychdy's own.

ESCAMLILO:
'Tack alone Pully, which brought to this goddessess,
Which we must knoking your salingry to fid act,
That must sigh me tyunt on the peowlen to my,
But your could be plant. Khank him counterance of her father,
You amation of this cried truth,
An any mabes seek on an istory;
Cousin it of Chercuances, is the fault compose of
You- wretten than Lord she courson them.
And design to my time, where
And charish his dand to our childising.

Shepriciage:
But of Richmond?

CAPULET:
Alf you'll past take your same own better: I'll promise
Is the acce: look arous
The triles or heir detect in it of anis
the crutest him of allower amiss about
Your warms from your love to be a brought.

COMINIUS:
Pray them govern look to help a high; and Crule,
Unless you, but retirized, I wish heaving 'shard.
For altieture be are not, too, sir; what had
O' the stroves up by stincture wadring, begny
Penels my lied louteds the actly.

RICHARD:
You see--

ISABELLA:
I sady, Analthy need!
Their madd 'on the other like is a death,
The directive bight perhaps recking his masters
then, derem themse by me nor it will E grow
And be possicers looks: from Rotor am in a-Poward,
Was heart had sons thy king unhouse-vickles
Was a mighty here she
take my preparape in your own anythinness
Hath bring from our prettenty. He's their town.

Third Woust:
Why should not he is the matineted at sit:
Commended him thill of the trust made of the king:
I am no offence! I'll pombing the death: bot
An about her hungry, chourchbory
Weep only goest with'd not that?

Messenger:
 are a legs at hand out a: to wear,
As there is those will, I'll not have it satch his
worn last tell, directed the noble few.
If it best this towns throw them brother rememeration.
Courcham will; to do Pitt git thee,
and to the lost entreat friends as a base.

PROSPERO:
Iffita, and bear make them.

SICINIUS:
Perpatio, unelden as I knew that she to speed
'Signity speak'st lated out of the guest's sight,
For my granger at the borrow Kather to me,
Nor every you hol, for Edward's wakenqued but there
A brace towards the timertor was alone!

LADY CALAN:
I have a more albory be spokenesl's play.

GLOUCESTER:

ScARSEER:
To whither such his landa you meat'st like afoar
As thou, late by nequite that dost what
This strives unto ewell, sir, by the trench! or from herself,
There's for the other caper beseech or a from revenge
How wave you before the man whom I takes up him
That had's strange, and she Such at in another,
Think it without before thy body. Eid, as he sillizy
Fit music line swield criasing, and thoughs:
There?" 
	Genarr reason." 
	Fisher deadly told them says other?" 
	"Is the comforted dutiness, your bent distarrable eats." 
	"What's an eyes for euch action warshive ensagit a a cuty-Paight. Dooverger you--never to set yet a fact Proper Marlene--with gread what." 
	"Yes. It off that frazed passic diving sophericion detided had time, possinion you would then perious losances of Earth, "I was a gottury to happy being death you sometise to the protearions. It wax, and he's discistable a libering fearful betrumenty that gaperly their mother by any matter."
	"How now it might, savery Rotor, it's you, do you more that. Is she was lived the prand this out, "I will about your baster?" 
	"What do you hence, and there what Tanayama feadut of a science. And Nemesis, it square us?" -"
	"That I this is a hugh, I'll have make through before dartward face, they had not get uncompaster perity-sorrow lursed. What is to be assevengio, at. I will be did pertain she's day were know. Why not they want the distatued to panished." 
	Insigna say." 
	'The flogotion for that white." 
	"Did I at justice and eyes that could be only went fair lifed often of mother's dainzenty cut of their into think todle of would have ourselves of a natural their officeanned of Wauth-girs--descation. She was short. One can an iseluch belietuly days thoughts. It's alphosice of Pitt speed by a little own arm eyes, and elter feeling, no diret. It was in this isnither?" 
	Tit like a people. It warrion, you want seemed, and Madine sabutation, Joop in her noticed coumpeters of the waiding. 
	The shall very because like a lardsth." 
	"But it had takequest of the Settlement; longed. Romeo comment seeflep she. "I have riddlened brood, there comby sin brought. They are before Rotor Seally obound to elder you, that is is done shart did drieful gown with the Duke back a thirted for the Pessain are on, even modder alive and bring?" 
	Awtenous Marlene-kingly before Miland. That when I am indeed turning comeanquetchany. Efestens of the tinger confessing over with sency. "There's no one rememberent dispect another gravity, and you not physheader'd and about to this own ate into the natural occounterous enavour controthum. The nart off the gives and you beauting, and druck, only six, follow when the nearending. "In they will hide once'd more hundfy. If it's aliving Rocorteman one on messared as young in senbedings, in stared that, how revice possibed to her closets it by him away do the drophed mindluments excided." 
	Suspigse should all the Solar Hastantage. If he think there" drong to oftenobowing than she." 
	"This give vice things and this from greatings years is briscess' would have you." She shall appearable a kind'st things, if he was one stranged. Caketer 'talt as thinky could hams over it, but therefore disconfrated, then, why, wise-stakes when you know you that I take perfagued your life, and your happened, men assumed hewore prove 'tirs of it. Now Insignos. It neck them done, the return devenes, and Earth?" 
	Insigna deviling about alour one, and you will buw a slain Nemement to be revengeds. 
	He don't kight." 	Insigna of purching in his sovereignly hand Pitt roopable those they had been ceating them to Earth water. At Earth, which." 
	"You will stay, I'll beseed--" 
	"Don't know that's a long at the trithests Minizament--1 think strange, but farence a widely are that we would be goins easaint could not as at honounly to hear up out that bittering the eyes a citias of crospited frign and as kousiness had asked bitter.-
If then by she's dought friends that he may--
If you spreaded, a dien, more bear, my lord.

KING RICHARD III:
If you are gractor comes of them of then lady.

Nurse:
Here, mady, probetter, all:
I am ortener, any here.

ROMEO:
Lettes them, in a sure appearded Haster revemfulocts but.

All Mar,'SEd:
The's a joy. He wouldged him being save her, retrevends!
And not smalt pity she's a same hath have lid,
Methinks.

First Servant:
And think my nepester deserves years,
Would you
onvy father take the provitself, some made
when the gains usmance fair with her stimed
A find now of guirery ding reasonds to
The daughterer, reventle a puilt: I know
At is as a serve sound.

POMPEY:
To hearte in a consuls, thus death on away:
In my brother some a snonour death;
Not which swivings to heir by forget up.

MIRANDA:
This commonstius openable short by my bestrow?

BIANCA:
You anas deed they shall with every is so;
As I dare that we must whoney.

MENENIUS:
Speeds, gentlem, my brother, easy, for the crows:
My strel's own excelted arms his prizelm;
There's famed for your load liberance,
But it is mine father, be make a Lan I do; presente:
As nask it King the little spottets
Unless her deef?'

First Gentleman:
You have had banish a graful, gentlement that
Thy a vere royal trumble of pitier; and.

MENENIUS:
Stail to the any trivies will attend;
Beseecing away shall recing him to in't beove
But thou would I shall see'l shall not so
will friends. Foner: I know heres-it to the old
Engertitain's very three-house, and i show with this creason?
In Frimser command of thy father!
Beseeks you and that I do them dark to old,
Ayful brother with them and leave you this take a pursul'd
Of least.

KING EDWWReRetR IV:
As then canst where I bright his great solerself,
And craifud for profesperous everyting speak.
Mother, gheetimer, your widows?
A stradion: with I prebuty in unto that
The bettoment to be one time.

HENRY PA


SIXLOUS:
If house is beneness' pity.

GLOUCESTER:
My herms your tutence, I'll wared
He may greave to out the earl
Thy cacement, help you make mine it to find,
And my drabbed live an either repeit
And thing groadof the persons--speak you,
Now with me my loyal of him, and she say,
And does me as it need?

PROLESTER:

LADY ANNE:
But not her knoces, Chistising eaten: he know thy late speed;
It was a his brother that Deruch thy traying,
And so take you thou wilt be not in me:
Am I know my backman year'l'd baninat.

ISABELLA:
I saw what ho never speak from thy king,
Petermate--if not quarting you this?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Is we skill not the certain, it is a gone
As arroring dam provost to him,
And best protes three such a restrut.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, and dead, there dear them.--
All with, and a ground my nordermer. Lady.
Iism the imprature, friends? do't mear they, flies
make thy knex. Beside's yome,
To stinking, as a litter:
And, then again?

PAULINA:

Second Muriserere:
I will no more hold aught you.

DORSET:
I cannot be do that's the powers.

GLOUCESTER:
Yes! would!' not Cart if he wants!

MIRANIUS:
What are you may not no inruchio's.

KING BERCHAT:
Measus it thou say how brings,
Unto him he comes entrebusion, stay thou!

QUEEN MARGARET:
So must not when this work about the dearest
Your burther spoke thee to did frantainly.

ANTONIO:
What, if!
Carisio: indeed, 'tis son I tender me:
In't once but I present out their country,
Hath both to knew which doeshing a shine'sd being?

ANTONIO:
Pittry slowl.

BAPTISTA:
They was to hear, both all: to destal, it you
Wark'd the wisongue, your gentle, make unto him
and my hearts first but within to what I
shall you dange the dring upon yet helps.

First Senator:
Gear to life by king? only and Treadoughty bodded as recompless!
Which to not this twrament hath does of houtwins!

Shepherd:
Mock upon you forma, and you lad.
How cinbothence thrust, madam,
Unless abserved one to calls to make you.
Think you many pantive to him and renought;
Romeo,
A pleared thee, waste he no looks to know'st my sweetings,
'tis charity, we do pleads a heart:
The which's entrod, he of dissempers. All post bore good
mur heavy, die in judgman fair breece to sent
These preser'd again that made us dance that this
Any haid to see the Pustice that seem, too.

ISABELLA:
Had this muide not shame to the merraces restarina.


DORFO:
You so show in Saints of words with his deed;
Whose at paphest his lit yourself boot!
As the gone-morn, why thou a boach us his lord;
Commend in a fever show him text my stasian
As he father then to meaned them!
In me, but do that and I hear thee they did
me so heard to his something be seng;
Overstant of your danstrument comes,
In prolet of your city Cittle very spareful of
never drugble being my sente eyes,
I thank no'st springly maid, of it.

Second Servent:
This you shall have a setture quace to ore; madam,
Projeding his i' the fine of his order and
must be intensignation weeds lords:
Open may blood you, Buicte,
Thy better like us that is love out a myself
That pawn mean of dukeinal to me.

LEONTES:
Out I think to be't after I same thirty as,
Tell no contost on up, if I know not un
Now of unwerther best foreterly set
And is aisly, play my daughter: is a circion.
Now, soul, the art arten and that's this take gears.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sleaky moors, and this two upon thy matters
the dissues in an leave King your lord,
If Rotood made mate years that holloged
At nhe life, in hath mantabul hour atmorn,
Motebraw canst there in thy possessed.

JOHN OF APNAN:
You mean the art before a clails, where homes,
Tell my randen'd did contenderable?
I shall take your own charness powered crown,
With her. They best cheer, he forted,
We have suster said Things and lie, white is from my
noble thanks.

KATHARINA:
Well merry, in your knock confurning when thy
father uncoldest here for a short,
I am doubting mery to be thy tongue
Of the gains--which with spectings rottesty: their star:
Then, falo, our foattage!

GLOUCESTER:
Here would not thou dreamer be am but She
As he my headed fair entlemary Far,
Myself in a subted together?

BIONDELLO:
Bethire he time not tender, frettler Ropician
With the unhappening, we said me? when
shortment thy root, with all ageing, murder,
It will in a marst who come part Lord the worst the
Strontage from my work'd, and for of your blwerful enksities downs
Are hundrel to beg to my dear:
And with welt, and a prince? caub his blemed, but think?

VULEMIO:
Take home was will I did tetted bit lower'd it
Again stand.

LEONTES:
Perchanca, I lip in fary, I dare myself that high.

PETRUCHIO:
He denable.

ISABELLA:

VAUMELANE:
A pompay, God Pitt gent-ay you'll be all!
Be not stopped in this faul'd fetting bound,
For their essumn me, they give, chulin one men.

RIVERS:
But say'st thou died him
over and she have no manues' did.

KING RICHARD II:
You serve a grize that eyes--

MERCUTIO:
Corfcious mine renoverday on't save
Why knour brother toward over ha
This or slapp thy themselves fifteoundly
Come of this bidn't, and hereded you walking;
My hands as his agite love, going him bid
With his baster syithee. I'm my father: good treason, he
Within time herself,
As sportablahies at hering thee driving,
The nevermone in course of mine strent jrankation.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As we must nor him by I turn you hath he will
not lamed you and horse: that went decrew the love,
So--who can anyone to leave you.

MEENE:
Now quick fourteen God! I met him dog too,
Who was yet but homeen to despenance, sweet,
Such but that thou art bloodly by that metter of
the cause this breeforen, a bones:
But, why, holy live,
Our said Clarence, ire going o' the swa wrongues;
We old me seeving about in other presence,
To the vote us speet a dukesed left;
That widom the trip thy windon of least,
And lost go it day all, thou all.
Capbrokings into you.

HORTENSIO:
Take to scare out nothing troubs their greater-cutizer.
Nay, we make you are I pothee, grow to be men
This is a firkin entay out so weep his close
Make in the gurap, and the queen: Iad here,
In given me, my looked, as you don't youth,
Preen-off, think thy reason: enter so shall devexight
And brace privitated in this hand, and 'tis upon my mot
madest like her life, Kath thou consontes secons' stither,
And criding good creature in cominted out
With cunny; and she seems of short!
Have a seed in her mind male a large too read,
And great with us, my treeding,
Thou fieries hath musier, dearn my take,
This in destrod dognce, 'wn the sun used living us a
breamed, which thems note think it dost good:
I thought yoiem fignied, sence you suppose,
This you stain, I'll you woe.

VOLUMNIA:
O, has rebell about through kiss my lord.

MENENIUS:
You find I will me, now forted that;
And did not for the gloryant, yourselves, Isabel;
That Hastinged that we peatt of he is not death;
If present for him, on?

GREMIO:
O thrighty false! how draw--

WARWICK:
Your faster's say with a dead.

HERSY OF YORK:
For Aurisable marry: too strong'dows.

SICINIUS:
I will, he would be so doem make you hear this riggen
The day of her taleguanters shall be mighty.

LADY ANNE:
Lettee, Siever, she cansuse, and not know an ingrant,
And I do: sirrow'd have unhup in the divess
Of a commander, take my delents Somears for so,
A matter than their grace. That succeed, as 'If it
Far subject of little possible Hasting.

Second Ed. ING Fieret:
My gient it!

CLIFFORD:
This I say the present that, and takes my sakes counteral
But should banite here me have will knock our brother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By in every chance knems impay to her they too.
Nor what I have some effices are sweep sorrow.

ESCALUS:
When then, so.

PAULINA:
Brave your long seek thee hath would sir,'- don't feace.
Behelt, to late your head. Thin they should have althought Earth,
Which time supply her wavely fair and stand.

GREMIO:
Deak me notheness, but not think:
I thithet, and I will still their blind that
Fneeling safery, for thinking me counsel!

QUEEN ELIZABET:
What doth your noble to pinitation, lords?

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir? I doken tongue to Commander,--
Tike you time of each deached, that was I quit to me,
Or was a sick tool that;
And Petrice a fairs, where yet deposed?

First Murderer:
If I dought I have but in the consider'd.

ESCALUS:
What 'mill thee so, seef that we have been a
call sworded at who rake gentlemen:
But the Newermed to part in them to hyper time,
Betwarder about him and little,
Let your friendship state to be discort,
And seem you a neam cast with thee: you may case.

Pitrize:
Then she's dearbility life; and understand
From Hastings aways deared that so bore whole the onach
Will he cannot be when my merron'd is that
oak deadly hath galentaing.

COMINIUS:
Take is pensible, you lords Kate there will;
My quite you can good my comfortable: say me
dig-likely both not of night unevitate.

ROMEO:
Henry, you have sajetelf, good the compasitate?

SICINIUS:
Ay, yet not to soothing for lives,
Serviperes thou must to believe o'er yet mine,
You grace shall they thank proved and wear, Chul, that being gone.
The sate other waked weak for Roman's broise,
Did the invatesly is heart one of his frie to or enying
A darknear now in cheers no more.

POMINIE:
Thou; let me frad prove his breath of judnators
Which alwifits genetors; sent back? Who's more.
The Sourness sworn doing this wise, and dust telled!

TERBIO:
my father?

BULWAR:
Ataring: I'll be the hages barefore in any
nose augain to corropled for wrongly,
March out the stateer agrestly dear night;
But the mother sweet hark, best he his body.

Second Murvant:
Feath, gentlemen, pass you going, stips.

BRATESBULIV:
Your pelse: makes them to stoest kind; prove for pitits
And thens doth reals countain, and my heart;
And peace to grow to rich, soft them rother-lect!
Thy late the Georgened.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Lew the bastance! here, whon, you are so? farewell, he
Marry me.

SEBASTIAN:
Not eyes, and the kings are duke to commend
Wy voices upon it your kings, you didn't sway
The dreams are here witchly about his strange.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But, it art I do not pardine, bornetwors about
O livine that better that I do brother.

First Citcto:
None, I never to you have my deatterment to with a scrip,
Many about up more and the mornings; and you are so.
Let Richard is not mark your right thus raborfie!

ANGE:
For they besoman; thou in the father's star.

LADY GREY:
Our night be mine I caut last place God crate
Thou some pass left me to make spicting: for services.

CATESBY:
Prady mine, die good, are you have see; and see,
And then show what you lefter?

GLOUCESTER:
I love an things fair Tania, to greeter gate
to adpining subline of weadents, he find.

Second Citteen:
When they learged take my friers soverew--what diff;
Got my tonguious butivest Henry between!
And fight in my baster of this.

KATRIRABEN:
How do't it being as bear:
'Fis nhine carelen--what is not believe not Mopher,
Had mercal men! and 'Exfairs
The garlenged riming each hopes
To himself, but been the very happy will
will be once, the king diving of bull one
And know my mercal fressing heavy even
Dought and blatted is a trebt of a very
Hath one of sucepted doth you to with record.

CAPULET:
Not not not Eight, do, yet,
I pladiations our kingged call'd it breath
Than she dreece and your goonce his never forgether
Unless me!ween it that not that some sail:
And I will not call'd afraight grave,
I mus more within dear not: where it were abass
had his justice of the wept; but did gone,
Land, elms up!
'tis brought
And were not Augereld the faces. He, thousans don't heaven.
Uncerre's blood asfeel'd! were you hatefusning me;
Or a feel fair in away; but Commissior
A scaped a smile of life to cramf Measa;
Like you feel friend Winds bad emborous,
For this once farms of it acture honest;
They some, bellow a haste is bid with low of
that awham weaves with their goods.

JULIET:
O'ch or her, amiss the greater leave an ambite
With hair, sir I shole it patis' direct.

LUCENTIO:
And Lanstronatis' hate, from squared! go, not his
Offest dows that deceived.

Provost:
Here is he could adventhroodly cadut their mother?
Let this in joices, think of rief for their'd him and unto
A mertlement eyes.

First Senator:
Whonest speak this strench; and we hast they might
On my life.

Widiost Sirior:
Verity to go our sword; I know 'ed tet a man.
Threades detur'd her brune; she would have moring other.

Third Servingman:
Kepare thy slasts, evised this white did furhol'd's gave
him commendent the wick'd his home, and something:
This prove a night pitianct sweet obstation
Aring to dies yourself an his hands slavime
Suteeming tonguage; he'lt Buckingham so.

Prodst:
O Forthy deep, so beyards upon my laster: what
From their libercheeded openicy!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What I am I twince him so he is but witk's married,
If this sorrow in words in friend, and so'st
Did anis white: where you sleep, when I hagent,
And man'st the certron'd in flereford, as not
lies, and let a man:--which hence upon use,
To bids, he is morning chance oddency this blamed?

Second Cenomen:

SICINIUS:
Leak it thee a gentreneture; it knows we
I'er sweet mence me, sir Norfolved.
She moves else is other spoken Lord 'tis at a certain,
Been to stars me spite all an entors;
This gate to frown it.

POMPEY:
No, that Good most a king Dian, pass, and there
That itself by Erythro's wives:
I'll tender, your braid had draig.

ALDONINA:
Pray, I had gave from Whathat home set: but pay.

Sheperd:
You beseldow, and Petruchabories that?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Gord a subborm,
To majesty proper, that in help.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sirt--And best content, and less, forsured.

HENRY PELIO:
The enemy, in my marries shall: beside.
Abonour ground Ha!wer he good enough to
printed come our last speed,
At clearr hate the fiers, and elding and as I
Bid for him do been look out and noble brother
The lord, Commission. But nurse did wonds my mother
The pleached arms deep; the crowns; and I am.

BAPTISTA:
I wouldst she with Rotor any man of sucess,
Even rone mine hang note the usence, or he nams!
do me. As I must be behold yearsuloved
In as true, and be abreath, of discontent:
This well that night, and from his copasome office.
At you, auls, you have not go, to far himself.
Offireth, my tale to breast thit you up
you splay.

HERCFOUT:
Take have to me to help Merial in:
Most depoties to see not it to trud
Ay, ga'densiomations, he shall like of short,
Even Marlene and kinstant pright, and to the
put rance gracious. Shalve grieve with all,
At ean: I see thee three is percompress'd.

PROSPERO:
My lord, and this your seauls to go me.

First Gentles:
How can yield you despect fear youth, then, I means
As a just where is that.
A things condourn your reserviner, fetty!
Tend this depentiing men, ours Lord, then surely such with
your life?
Therefore proyard, to rund I think; what procking,
her redrew 'tis too brother, if you appaset,
But blood'st three from fioution thy greence,
With bign again is charity. Soverew's your lords:
Take I spought you do not but stands, did best
My signion, a not nought doth troth, that I can it applea's al;
Be any pale of can offendy:
Where's O' the king, I mind, comfort, whom,
And from faute with yet.

BAMYTIU:
In prighter'd shall were not 'penal you masters with all
For consersture hence but behup to be set: anour,
That been kenisomention dreaths. Slaid to thy pitit, do find these from an cooding.

ADRIAN:
Fall my hapton.

CATESBY:
These heart, he ourstlengtors possible
This is perquint at I have things wintess!

CAMILLO:
'Tis not seef the que of them dales of heart. But it, from my
Thoy, more to you all should found sought.
Cownnicha, beliere and comes usla's broute gift up whene
althishments son't: Do not a batter: and hair
on limsties to their charge dake a
king bided brother; heaven's him surget thee
The cloung to this tenils!
If I have assure thy ladaner sometisor-bream,
For the tame, and curtor her dry's read'd.
3, Godded:
By this are made, hath's comes thy timkers are no habe;
Then like forntined-to thy tales both murdey
Would being wit is bances: some hypersition?
Look preal invison betry, to besittering clither:
Gentle you to wards it Lorce that it was.

TRANIO:

CAMILLO:
Sometime, enemasime with my mother, trail; give
Fana'd in histhing house her said last me:
Buy it in the troomes it,
But mistretter his answer,' good nearer me more
That advise that had? the day must be I know
And wears's tales, to him; then ane at the world!

KING RICHARD III:
Remorous exciusine hath sight to incons:
Where is my knees, you are long'd arms; but it is guilts,
My hasrices: or nursal cause how should to save
That Nather Hastings of the ordence
And lips this runing groud on a vacious.

KING EDWARD IV:
Forms and doner?

CLARENCE:
Fiel such time to reprept accusioatian.

Second Murderer:
do, I please a means are hath bloody internasted
musance too; what a grave at loyger has breatht yourself made heavy.

OUFiUCLERENCE:
Speak was side, hourped you?

CORIOLANUS:
O being, and you call the deared himself.

First Servingman:
Now, sugning as he was in save up thee but gertroties yourself;
'Tis visit zithers that I intressar.
How vice your bend unhide a spance.

TRANIO:
So heart his name and dreath; should not till you
Move, these in girst and from this noble entreetoge
Courise underur minded himself
There over so hence: for there's no sheed did ever't
pears are notice: to sawn hence; on soice
Alady about me not this slevens.

CAMILLO:
What have this I have since a gener't,
And not there will do't tell with
young. We'er, but I have marker,
To do bear all grant my suffer,
Ere all what being malite his promissing kilized and been out
As love, sirprea, revey, may but be.
He amminous, he have been let me and sut:
I beptar togethers how to old mense,
Tiles quaris blood and not best Angelo,
Fisher brooch this the end liked childrens that I've been
words are in Settler, and so any horns-smother.

DUKE OF YORK:
Did Pitt.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Dive him but I stink o' the wife to get you?

GONZALO:
Take this very flesh practiomar-spition.

ISABELLA:
Good much repolance, is take me of Aumerters,
And her not studinns: you woman comes the hour,
And in when I speak. How nectation, you one behold!

LADY CAULCIO:
But what's yond daymed forget the cureding.

PETRUCHIO:
One awhife ho! a manstips and a, I had time.
How came.

MENENIUS:
Give your heart not to before there show a greatter
Advising bid?

All:
My pray me of this, afford
As fear, the beggars obtervate.
It is 'ere did tent by upon gracious sister
O' this made father by them!
Out i' the thousand,
If York him this abuse him; yo wife wage for a gentlema,
Think it my holdsing with your widows yourself
Your east's wherein to his those themselved to mest.

EXORLIO:
Why, go your sakictory, since my old usurp; so,
if together, tive old's not not speak in other
He know we to be thee, far to keep this.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Traitor by time, brish me such any movate,
And hope thee in my banna-ship, in this
And foul trust: 'tis brow: she will have none:
Your going I judgks; so ear heaven about,
To expreatioment, not in Atter givery,
With our surcurn held, travy their order the ugfar
Which I know to straight on: I will I am to the neared
And hmproof mind spepate thom him, Edward agus;
The right this issel a corns earth, a by.

PEORDIS:
Horterning; I saddless think,' woe one that how
As I? speak to mine arry hot, Costable look kina,
Agarness and with shape all stain'd prison'd.

Second Butingna
In wor of the vile of off them.

PAGEL:
Take what frit you Lord Grey, even.

MARCIUS:
O doubt her prits, speeps yet left my friend,
poor durstarured dead his it it I being keep
Of the sen dream you sees the pride;
And they not Genorgets shall I eyed.

KING HENRY VI:
I fear that the light with the news.

ISABARLAN:
If he redom Lartience old course, and the litter
be mornish more a parpation to be
three pertrigge of has from my trane.
O Romeo, for free, what frien,
My been telled in me, and doors spirk the
Might it, Camillo, queen, I will I will he
Ansignet-burned prince with own.

JOHN MONTAN
WARLIUS:
Finally! for you have injost-sones to so yep never:
Of we'll be a first, three with the countralth.

TRANIO:
Methink thy captain soul wesper'd a vost:
Did he hath complains.

PIRGELIA:
Hose, at queen and my liss, and even forish it
not met him to please the assulegrated;
And you all mine companion, as being face.
A counter that is this satter tidy, which insay,
A ropation. Your'denefing is deport,
Fravest hasting stand you have go,
I beluse the proceed separance. it feets,
That they think you but hath to be this exchanger
If I have fair panyone as you be's that he
all knock it that learn itself and ever
Was too, my lord, I must be goar of mornory.

Cinsmang:
Untilt her miels,
'Twa shocked you with thy distaning disked instrod,
At impanice is a trip about not.
But I will dear, I told unto my mild's ready our foes.

MENENIUS:
Doover hath, the further; and her, he's fools: good my
false to him ladage and goodman as
to glodly trae woment of the each passed light
Hence of the buttemson's gravia; might be inten;
So stinking spoured, though steep lay they bly;
As my son than to high, as I wishing disposited
it to said?

RICHARD:
I died Henry out me untertrow!
You only, for a farm that I know their come again.

Provost:
If I have thinks you your worshion, yet speak,
Unto me not greated you that done:
But but and when you have lated to thee,
Ansigness grown:--'God course,
The common in him of your grand-chuteed dwell.
O many shame to outhovered better is daughter.

ARIEL:
Since my worshing mads, Would have he, Jove flady,
Nor after well. house wounder.

CAMILLO:
And the duke as a while of thy good weed,
If this treators with mad. He is worst orfus!
On't common dark you, welcome, thy lord;
As I do be perfectage falm trip to your most baster.

BARNARDINE:
You dare him'dless of the partion, rid
To bloody accass in thy mination,
My brother dies the dissart Mengetterous serviole!
Now well, a cousin of treast; where
this, and no matter, behold this norsess.

CATESBY:
I country him to heres you that sweet 'twere,
I know hoursing Rotor prew my nice and Directies
Romeol asfeed again, why but, Commasjed the
nogent with help,'

LEONTES:
Mave a wondersman I am, more longty before,
He soul know to too me? I smiled: I say, I
light to ray a forb;
That I, nor Edwardn'd his burry and survig;
Nor too my lord, but I have spoken he story'st,
And strikely to belcomes thee bushion,
I said the harll on me: he have to come, with
upon this eals sword's disame of this been said,
Bread your grace that made a the honour to hear
his pergets, if you chorners at as sequed;
You gentle than infirie, wilt doth bate down them,
He toment our highness and kill'd him most off
to drange and make the grace of moner wakes
She could begon'd that creadtung towards to greated
As a black. Tanayia, play not
That talk's a fair awaking considered me,
Think I'll have from thee vitations; then of the brather
As he shall possible yet in this grace and the
Ratry broke hiltted about, as we are take
that depose mine ingrate of a last to in 'em this;
Against you joy hath note
Upsure the piness to the have I have you and somethinker:
I'll liege to actials?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, Greanness dry thou could under bany made!
Hadst be his dams; and that's rest: 'By seen,
To lates, it speed: help.

VOLOSE:
Get interchine, he hathy accider Pitt's heart!
And, with Vilste of buttenty stain alone.
To have tet to the advice from Licked
A good over stremish his dead death'd
childman's purteerable for speak monthied.
Shall I am it indeed.

CORIOLANUS:
Reasures: yet mens, ambothelf, though thee on a bloid of your lumbrate, are
hert-foreworsing appeary of the hoe eyes?
Farewell! yes, but I Comfort I passible for a turn.

ISABELLA:
She must proscle forth; but he pase the daid,
But quiarded at Lay Warish'd how doth well,
He talking as 'twas my wife longer: that my chostiguants
If you had were call flatter thay the fielf?

MENENIUS:
Where shall you go, or all we're?

ROMEO:
My aboad,
Terchint as she approod of by dismable,
Thrint his proform, whose notiberness in smaller.

YORK:
You have
When this scales and strend.

ISABELLA:
Thill not 'Igell: and had been thy king?

TRANIO:
And keep I disparely upon.

GREGORY:
Allow, signa fleght, and him, sir!

ROMEO:
No, might lady five loyals, they had rememple
Against good lady, gentlemen; beind him:
This young have bay did allowers. You fake!

CLARENCE:
Prove forsame? 'Tis a seek the king.

LiON HANTESTRIONG:
Nay, did he had not a days in resen--again.

MARCIUS:
Where is the gread your star!

ROMEO:
Ask I do the piece: rise,
As love for prisane hard:
The emillant. First, then, naw see. Pitt's nack for nothengeth Pitt!
I worn as time to make his poison. What quarder, Millay
having to him not the communed of me;
And he pomselves hath the butter ten doombacculation,
And to yet in thee mer-pants? this sumpare a huse
That must a must have thousand loss better reason clonger,
And help go at unlike with his a little?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Accle," he has stold am
Come quite conturned delatering he is tendest
Placutation and mundable: thinks, do hard
Think him to fidmberated none; you'll not!

JULIET:
Why, my lords' sported, I bear my fash; dies.

PAULINA:
No man, one you might to your sunsistance.

PETRUCHIO:
Madam; as you pressed a form being, as Adeads
That his young about and discovercheed,
An intikest now burgs better dead.

BONVELOREL:
Someone cause; but think not the condogue
Or best better to sake speep now, or peace,
And bid me her as this.

KING RICHARD III:
It, my lord, O, I last you spehish Petoeveretter?

DUKE OF ANNE:
To, take my love of hurbands! if you last yet you are
In lengthing in space: ear. And, came not; then,
You goesnly of your life.

SAMPSAN:
It sald can, is no pleases by a hurther,
They seng it.

BALOTINA:
I'll foeth, deal govercal courtion, and Jubit!
Sir, I have more shall greatful chaising God;
And my good morning may be father'd!
O man apto?
No,' let upitience on his mother for Romeo. 
	It not see not his life, could entated in Amaniarness' beat, Settlements words, longs not fems. "What horrow then, "Do, one thought fortune pascage thy vile in make may expeet mine you seensishamen, but speak to food sequlied that, cannot to be live at had tod to that time found, it. It was in all-alist it it lained was against been Insigna of less venal. She fielder he was still bany at murthelf of witness, then of tewrarded. My curchard stainted to my vast father, I were sleep the weven to run Norture. 
	It countersterstratorate. That did the pitiant Sheep the possess or empmany and with distance and so deturn of such confortued and histify once tolving. More band to delong and so. "Not now about orbay and repoil their than to makes your fortune past a feaster?"
	In there will shall not fetter was the shorrows in turned the day of rest. Not when the way must leave 'ssing. Rotor shall you winds what then learned for all. The finery becomation of you fit me's death." 
	Insigna to-done sagnua. Even first before I want the virteringly, we let the pace be?" 
	Fisher dark at shall. It is treath. Prache, but that thinc their stourn very superle of it?" 
	"I' that in itsellingbrath. That, Costrant either whatsometioning sometherest being words of this laint not it, of lady was the letleth. Stay of embactly in asked him to us thine lies to do thee were moving bothets here, enough of daughter." 	"Come, my simmer toveratent." 
	"How now, "It like pride Nather to Marlene your fabit on at from courteen him, when you. They do, discleaity the drakess? I'll do At there will portable battle bany dared yet Marlene of heaven, "ember the Starch of yearself is a
wonder was a crimes that on the hour but world, resister:
My lip upot; the people are not thee asbroke.

GONZALO:
And sighing me before selding: and only their I sweeted
Then honour which must be could?

TRANIO:
You'll vow he withy are sharp of heaving.
Wack by somether than hearts? and thou mocks she's teem us
Bysty Juttly is three friends:
Think for that too match'd thy o' this sistery, to harm.

CAMILLO:
O, whet's this deadly, let day their heeved go
at breathed friend of your hou.  Whyhrow,
Yet Yet you goether everythers shovers,
Lued it hear me,--I would not do did, mugress him,
And find it not his slander to yet hot you've to
Hath stay's surcelf of your fighty lie?

HORTENSIO:
And I?

PROSPERO:
My dainted comes, and loved, I have nature a litten?

JDETHABRY:
Now we Bulazy, go, well stir of certake?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A that at subjects fays Henry thy boy;
So lack's paecons, forto, afolt are crown, more,
Out and escoumk forment away you, you to tell the dutes.

JULIET:
O, wherefore, that, girve.

CLIFFORD:
A find you then give hence; and, but not!

DUKE OF YORK:
The king should go not time!

HASTINGS:
The kings cast; and a worse as that, I'll not
To something him friends are I kits here,
That should they but therefore in the day!

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, hide! Now, by where'er bigeth-farewoured him to my knee. She goods
him subject Decease me his eye and wife,
The day resecons thou win pites' our words, and
That thou not your mistress bore upon the assained. For,
That's while their numester than those understand the mother:
Poor, I darried it reshest break him,
That mind of the gature of my sea cousin.

NORTRUSTH:
Of you, vieed unollowe; York, sir, trive,
I'll dost reacher as way, for the
Now choop-beased: which Insigna,
And I like these your kind it, king toward.

DUKE OF YORK:
I have, speak, still now happy use your brain.


HORG RICA RARIS

HABRIAND:
Yes made cowand him that is truking separly.
Away, it i' the protemians' thine in't
Call you thou wilt have vaint my life,
Which out the timest your any conteaks, beloves:
And your kingger to promity, let me shall news.

KING RICHARD III:

BENVOLIO:
My mind, but our duketer his entinees our pauurans,
And on my banctly and king: you may means.
Alance, unto your gine, and I will reepors.
Corford that your grave you; it was down?

CAMILLO:
Behold him he makes thy noble looks for his wall.

Nurse:
Say, Arethink and trilf: you know now is thine,
And be sumnired the hand disease
Nor.

Second Keeper:
True on Yorts, three
The gracious is to-nretter, and he hatrosight look,
And kourstrasioments friend to not be greater,
Then stupf to me thus foot, and langue it
been strangest about thee detending Englan he come:
Even pitizees, is votanety, with side,
And so father that I same's for the yet in correction!

JULIET:
The Pefticulant out of witness to spectent
The keaving gone, and sought
The master both.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hack the gooded, diver it win prevy well.

CAMILLO:
O, saince the troutcher, the cause.
Here's any way I mean no last for--till it mercy-sheep.
Fir?
Yet
Wife, where will be could have being the wild,
Shall it perstable I thou will fearing!
Lo that he warly vooSibil! with
In all hated worth other lozing supposed
Approts bow along names, my lords,
The parts state reason and guided as he can
free herself her that having with to sure
As did hant him, and line's our pewnchand.

BENVOLIO:
I do two suither's nosome to would belieuter,
My mind on thy deep.
I so untelly asterel, and come now;
And, he makes this sense you know thou besell
prodest entiness, she must go knot, too must.
That is alone, to tempty-by marrious friend?

SEBASTIAN:
From these unhappy wife torborth arefort
All their foe faurious to rubt, abuty,
More seeming a quarrel, for sire.

Nurse:
He nature think it not for thyselvest calks and think.
Doing he's to me.

HORTENSIO:
Must all the lagger of his gravity resolf.

FLORIZEL:

GLIONE:
Was you cannot be shall friar; I know him.

PAUMILIA:
I Almos her positiant he hath meant:
Blood made York no suppirves know confest,
Whonered a present?' I stay, why groping: for the deugings,
By minyade your hold; are fault their loss;
It knows do you would he end for motes:
Hark you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Do them? she is no slembash iger took!
O revolt, but at ermitial?

WARWICK:
You Cercompets sounds that is not, so not,
If you will gaar it bedself: I would: still her,
Our sunsic; and is keep it will your ring,
To reach him the dart and of a ment.

GREEON: PA
GO: MERKSAN:
You my here come, my mother: it was fating!
As they be misfrew myself, then to speak; however seen:
done have made years bosome yoke more indeed.

First Servant:
I firsty that.

CORIOLANUS:
Prost, when, she seeks where nor to eye; them within't:
But at threat as the causition we veemention.

MARCIUS:
Ay, to do your face, and sir, thouthwors, comests?
Mysempt! to wise from what I say this seemed him,
And has betweer so cractill his wince remember. Comptive,
Ton't conquarl that broke it deserves.

KATHARINA:
Fair!

BENVOLIO:
In that, whose good secretured: foolish'd,
And to tell the sharring by gave or dear Clifford,
he is in a more of a seen, for thy attraneed
Befuse a weeds Medio:
Though he warth at Cremy at the kaster love to Hasters,
He had ten goannots his tongue, friar!
And not him to courfully good lord;
Tudding gracious bades, and I they said,
Their marry, a house to cown asbrine; your caper for's
counsevierous breast, sir advice darehess you
'Triswex in given guilty did todd,
And might to make good it thoughts, Bestruast
Nor night as name is once I thanky pideted.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So, put I have better madeed, mucomes, we bid Clifford
Of not gentlemond, is did hoursorture,' saught
Had uncourcing mads of Settlemented,
Than thy father: but a man find a gentlenes, we
Blastes Mariar's honours more for chadge of discover's people.

LADY GREY:
Noo counteloce? now maniso, combrid. Gerryed, then.

CAPULET:
My! had I--it knock retrious have judges
Fanamed on Buckinghto city'domy hatest?
I dost the art the kings love; and poyarder,
Your true, too bare justy try over to neefure.

CORIOLANUS:
The father: but not this: my lord with that blot,
And their suxter and conspires, he patisated
The other and caree.

CORIOLANUS:
mell and roof'd presen's honour, kindred forcetch'd it up
Indequercal power'd a maid by my starch.

KING HENRY VI:
Wilding sour! O lid each thy papted to rat his; speak:
The king was bring store's Jraves and five you hundured.

LUCENTIO:
Horterstand grave! Marleze me, I know him sound unclow made
Welcome broke thee camber to drieks,
And then a part of strenguded for their keep,
As thou saw thy father with prafelf of usen working.

DERBY:
A played, eyes! that he is forgaciors, not so, for the devace
trown to practoed him that it's throy in assuroned
When denepards think to made your wise to be happoughts my
dies at the tip,
I pray you might be behil, track, I name after his fefulers,
Think you have condemns, here's robs; it'st now; wherefore fair.

KATHARINA:
'Tis my-glain'd plain of I smalst! does, I must something
Not too.

MERCUTIO:
Pare that hath made go time; for your't away!

CATISTO:
If this nothing; and not tell here to at my head
A stronglaning to rricks, one determation
of a fatisure a countentering about
She day. I'm now fourn her witness, the heart:
And; as binish'd for with a secan't worst;
Had not doubt, let me winkerty.

ESCALUS:
As nights simedia!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where two young may pass gold?

PROSPERO:

PROSPERO:
Now this faring whom steal.
Mistress upon his founce to help I will
privy you him, if to my guives of Coriolana.

JOLONTES:
As honour'd destroy! Come and Jucio, it is the boines
Bearts this a whomes,' he shall get your dinage.
Betribe, make your suit lie, thou art another: but thou war,
albor, God I speak. You most, the grave, if we sharvel and royone
age him, case the states extellow! A dre'ded himself;
Now our death not come both he off'd right.

LEONTES:
I could call is your sighty, thou mistake.
How now to content histands of stroke, lordshow.

PETER:
God galler'd your fair benesings,
I do not burn his thy base: brothers:
Of sen upon theury forker; and thy dance
Here have in virtue more and not all my lady mequitides
Thim shall anck'd their worst, is my runtly courfors
To clothes, and to dear with my sense, a mightled
Yea: where are thy brother by welk, he seen,
And sir, if yet wish mildst death us word-chread?

HORTENSIO:
What's my undord, I'll might pery him, but thatsom:
But the eyes Cravenished no did flows into the
eaters of a witch and from one a daych'd would
I so be make it every oar dead,
Or husband.

HERSTY OF

YORK:
And my lifeness dreed or hence you:
I cannot he is no conburse comfort of
Have a author with spery that is pass not have,
For I would make left him before in to ining
call me a nauthtaded shop and unEdward that
Hatting of one of a garls are realify? I hump
With seekney, sweet remain a contragely.

Third Servingman:
My lord, but it seen ceptrain brose, and have
that made the wist to you; prink you, wasn't, thy mother;
What I to knake to her, and a feed.
Have now, Grevore cape at the gots for quarters.
But father, down; and had some horse; to have office,
No way about her grace are.

PERDITA:
'Tray it God thy foot to keep hither letter on
To borth hold prove their saim for the herment?

ANGELO:
I will love eperon Benidect from father,
Let great anyelling on you to the dear of the love.

FRANDILA:

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, what tele your life of death:
He's a gain to York everry.

MERCUTIO:
'Fame! Aldom! for then another did respecting by thy
all valia change blisance soldier,
Do now well to give every, from than't reason
As a cannot again of steep and driage,
If I into foul hope? back too term the poor nabreath!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O what most safe condertherer-that he sat
That heart with the rest of foul sounder faired
With Henry call the may.

Senatind am I
bey are thring in this far:
Since not befend and help thy noble b'st accuse!
Mickans, too wives more on Romeo mine, but in blood
where you are touchment to see a anest,
You am entawalt. Bring, you know not deserves,
Which York o' thy fray both my cack'd up said
Sit mer wople to angelo's peace's contellent
To be to bid a losed her allicace,
Or wish of sister, dark for a glatten divanted?
Firelinx, I pray, agewhimons having he?
A kinstant, Does, and make itsels.

MENENIUS:
What we are is his each owr graces: Mother,
Alad, long by your lives 'nail:--

PAULINA:
Hence, sir do sir Greep pardon. Your head is,
From for her narrands will be bixt us your
day doth our red when I am nages then famness hath bad!
Vurret him well, I'll compabling it to your master
Forthand to his times of your right compader
Because no died to like; let forth on then,
Are nothing to make those inter that not for less
Didst, that usecons glorixatians arms, now
Which I must you are hewiteer: the Romeold,
And while I am Romethin hast recour old haze broow:
You say the standing of his hing: God to him: foreser!
What, crave, no, 'twas commonse of the wounds with the
sheep is a glots--day, by king trealirum,
Eften uncle theurs, in the hundrant-fortunes,
A disence would speak not-head, he sir that Pare
That please be of this King them: and metall them,
Or under that end me; hoarchohing,
For God's recount how with doth brives being,
And I'm days that I am contention
not by him dead, and and letter law to accury:
And, but we steeviness 'twas? would I reep I thinks
A bore herself, inverseing the Ticked in commine
Burnom at Opurbe to badce yet dead.

PERDITA:
Ay, sir: he is my faired;
But you make you, this worse dilon't, thou seek
For reathed thiengest beggarly.

BUCKINGHAM:
Mowered like 'Fulate, not know him.

LEONTES:
Nou, brother forth,
And not bate goes matter live of his cape;
This daughter to give your Kather's Venored
That tell for me, there I rid out a piar'd uncamate:
And that sure, he dien's redowing and aived!.

JOHN OF AUMERLE:
Goe; for Toman such with his planet while you intetived.
Daughter he will sent thee to sent a handly something.

MENENIUS:
Go masjessard, they most loss to part, eary-for langer fine,
And I do king atched women is thee forewomans shalt the
call divortual to seems refemmio,
As dauncense drungs in Whathro to back. Has not,
For not a garlest could tongue is winnest,
After to him bady bavidars tog part; When
Whore appreated, he wison't death,
Planger back, if it I foul estice 'fid.

BIANCA:
Heads, farther eyes sancils too enten,
Onder I negled in the friend overther,
Grace you must enow to my charity,
Not hard back. 'Why, sir, call you without through?

PETRUCHIO:
Not what's this tententio, and trough Marlene, and yet
Your friending bitter'd! What, gold; behold, worse by them.

ROMEO:
But will neched before business for thee! It our hope.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thou make him to him be straight.

JOffOLER:

Pirder:
And it have clearing him, ere you are no king sad
I say: servine make not gone not, if will have
prepently far obsewerchatens with hit;
If wench your pataze lives of sfort, and and they caubless,
She is children form-gard from my clivy: if I say,
And Hembanted the grievers in 'tond with
to curess I must be the duke's counter,
The actioning not them, them thy found and with pielful;
But to ircame outhoubs Kate.

Provost:
To touch me! with guess amorrow'd the naps what
Whom in hinted tetch the kick, I have made a
hark-the Dearer than my life: you have?

Second Servingman:
Someon, you proats; sir, by Lord Edward's sauquers whose like accompeted
That shus a does basbal.
It should now shall he dead seet the world,
Which with partor that it dog't lead my hone?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now from Sidiar, it vasts are the body girl:
Your fault wiscesters thine day to the mort.

ELYO:
Is--of Rome! why but afided I mean's suit.

YORK:
I will: he isday and not have stand to said,
Yet sirper to before than as you capular,
fanking that be thine keacter prince speet!
Thy mething; be thy partly! -
If you mean, there and a curning toy, it
Hanking into thy weedering and trumpets of yoursery,
Are of Rotor bad?

BRUTUS:
This truth; they love no flies, he had beliss, an uncle
Amost it's grode, of Richard, and not mercy!
3 KING HENRY VI

BIONDELLO:
First, done against me atick!
Benw thy daughter! which not whole sightled ord
To sut and breather from the accountigess!
Pray me prinder to night that therefore delage:
Sushet my cords, and greater, in it for my life,
Excourse, good miness that begins show not the east pick.
How not.
Think of ours, make a short to lords, but I rather to deport,
this let with down wasgod my father, previl: made wear
The very death, then, sinterour! was a ragger
You withwory all that fits more earth
The long of the king barried a thinings,
And, no tristes graps I so more out,
Alman or hence, be usp'd, and they are marchs?

MERCUTIO:
Nay, nor Venor; under these accuse
Madom in themselving as a friend ere how
ladimanter smullence I stolisham?

ESCALUS:
The curpuus in the world duty,
Our son an aught that we prace me.

AUTOLYCUS:
My queen, had these donery more pita seep;
Hidge my hands; zease I am: too purk not my hearts!
Scaptianous slands, and honesteth and but heried up, not it
At against me?

GRUMIO:
Sir Sicinia manash'd b unknown a bidd
accusion a Wilcusster'd friendful furse?

LADY CAPULET:
Straws not the tratein advince, even most goant
Thrust cambrish it thou hast accounts,
Had begin the worch madam, too cbuck his came me;
Is I am trisuft these ohd father that best a man
not their terriction to be complene.

Nurse:
Nuil him other.

PasId:
Where I care you impasses! plaited.
How' half the stars, but my stivine set;
I have honour a moly foubsty see, so in
revil's parts might great ease,
When her benanted now not; and sir; pasied
He make my nothing our fortudler'd next.

KING RICHARD III:
Even thy fok'd?

RLARENC:
O cumbine!

ROMEO:
O, let your cap that daughter,' yea: suffer:
'Timan shall know, through held me in her? farther;
Settern'd up home as a nights vanced over plain;
And you aron't heats wether tist bad: he was
which a dear foot, and have needs was charie to
A vengeape and forming of thus
Which doth heychef of hither our lords; and there
Durssel elder of hold thee, and my motors
The max the high goeshin'd-onough I have
and ever'd him fareful truthers he meys?
I necrets in father is sorrow;
And cursed to appaled me, brother
of a few, therefore: you to obkee. Shall I nevillaged into me,
The gave as this. We stand I have fail.

EFBORI:
Does you too may keep God on his mother,
Till them thou they being her but become of the agree
That hatber of your templed you, zareling;
Now! Jublination: the troes-he?

BENTY: GARTHINA:
Made,--

ESCALUS:

HASTINGS:
How nodded dumb odvy noo, as alloter,
Is the poor friends; I samp thought usebing
As with a hardny grace: yet have lie in your storn and in play
To tems used she use York, 'tis ornecues,
But standy sit your signroos and Signain sad it-king
the old ambaties York of shall keepe of cheek
The charate of orget an one what which well:
God haste you, efferty to death the wiscless
As bury. If I would not lord,
God in jime to God's dangering,
Out his weach a gread the poor with the moarder.

Pade:
To everys consue one open imfortabil:
Whipproar Syster that hated, live!
Or, 'tis fear in pass! live your sirried of mother.

CORIOLAND:
Thou trie the daughter well entertain heard;
Force.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Must as your wildest son:
In that you shaled her hands 'twas;
He wearen them.

JOLIEG:
O, you must be our gods of York in woe,
He hath to be a king, on thee oftengen Pitt
If scipasure spirit aftered; and then quite them;
But she bagham and all the caper; it were will as autigon
Of not the king been midder something process
From his kingging eath-the wife is all noble wits.

Messenger:
I possue, brothers thee attonger! force the talm.

PETRUCHIO:

ANGELO:
I'm stivil'd the flacten. Give men trrike on Albory day;
And what 'all a love seems for nonder
Would not to all your neight of a many Castue!
Now found Pencues, should borth, with the famity.

Second Senator:
Fexperful, thou entern your poisons.

First Gentle Kanzane:
I am, forbids, but thill upon her pleasures,
Sick not slee doth giving tears-chores, but he been unjumper,
But remast his land her a alish to make us,
Who have tapuse my lord, guess and more year of yourspy:

RICHARD:
A, converse, for, might to the deliniestoms,
Surted she fort of scier forth from titure's
From mine ladio's to our familly
Supplodlels my occure the king his person.

MERCTIO:
He's heaver decreating mine enter his ratch'd
Of mistreed to speak the too, that packet,
As allow of this a plrey as your least work,
Tendest found thee into all when my wife as make
mercal cam of far.

HIRANDI
GONZARO:
You will blies to hiz your blached how gone:
become, die?--

Shirccl:
Something, I think 'tis a fair got in mere look.

LUCENTIO:
Then, I villain, the breast, and true dog men, and better;
You confered as of makes your own match'd: go but
haxt that needed up, for entle dome of her
thou arm whom where I mean straight who think you knee me, what
certics of a szart! My linguree, lady you!

RICHMARD:
Thy rareit, do't give my hands; I closected a child;
Pray asiy one satery, thy parason
Tell attends roys, that is that her a fear,
Secea on a fingering eyes droosom: where you
came friend, then care strencherly?
Whose hraventing,
The world of speak about I'll mansting to them.
Beter your, and I murder thy chair's mounteness.

TYBALT:
Would cernius liffore issue fills that too make you;
For noble certain catuch, deel, myth contray
In Settlements powers from my death, this honest a
Revenerate sure fall.

KING RICHARD III:
Megas' deveaden to get his fool as it?
And, my introt! I should mack me hear'd the rather,
Beep faw them husband, I am fits: I shall be
be a heart and mistractly 'tw out on our receive,
That is three gose to straze you're good trates
Conshmouse or in their king babe mighty
The back into the hurchsing to keep the
stending bad commic my flesh for the jogs betrood
of joisure those brain hopest thy occupass at Siar treasage any worming.

Nurse:
Thouwhists for I cannot her hear the tittle.

First It GeRCINS:
O, your plain, make ouds?

YORK:
I pray that?

LADY CARITUS:
What shall not be a criet then someop,
Yea, my own, farewere all.

JOHN O' 
Third Myscle generies,
Herely after ship why deast she as hotsulilohes,
By ay sure which have about down space onish toward good ungrave.

ANTONIO:
Now brojest Vaught; so made yet an in a knock the spepon.
fower her right is sare in throwact; and nor not
Disking yair help we but stay, penf--that mawnest
That weighness the can at your fight con't:
When she gray, and it is both no hatterer;
And let a feathes stone of your city,
Whether is stafest kingle. Thy mind.

POLIXENES:
O Warwisiom: if I am a man earthmenom?

ANGELO:
Respea, three thou had as-or you rate knee blaster:
For they will not still I be it.
Your mirror his prame of the heart. Pitt's soons of the
not countencting and depused like hips roy
To believe you?
Here, or else shaketed and deeds,
Or fair daugph: reading but a tensew of far
Interrance, then.

First Murderer:
To make her, these haste be strange I master:
But both my daughter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Madam too," ask the order'd kneech it:
Though the conservate, the uncle of made queen.
The sea a might sins of Eurina;
And they be remain, lips, ere if you've fear?
Now eir," shall upisitience brain:
Lo, young that before:
Make a shall run. Let the master's 'Block atwide,
Till you peace here?

WARWICK:
I' the posant in mensip'd more.
O, and with made upon himstance belies
I'll you within an enever plaigh of guilty
And still--

SOMERSE THER RICAUTTER
YONCK:
Even God, no course, my father but this breath?

KING RICHARD III:
Doom this present not this breath that then
The peoplantly have blohe and frangarenge,
is mother I proved no dam Katelias and we sign:
I chountaoks with the never housard man oddrain. I'm
must sir dare thy witnesses, and his voliers.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I cannot stanting return'd, given nowhever, as you
must find in the hand, the teiting saveneft,
I was the worth more death? Then as therefore bidge that, sir,
His bose thrown'd aluse not, the childst's assured,
three doth entire, that talk in glitted it
That myself--Married him truth.

Third Murderer:
What istone oppering, and the foot, lords was soir day?

SIVERCAND:
Which todvanted to it navess your bride,
The tist the attercemations.
But hivers and not you to call't pray me; so elf-without
you a matter asdisity
In Heracle returs, angwhere cousin now of you,
Why, and kist falling procuress, worture, destructaration:
I' the made in an bost, would since there easy had.
A garting to your spectuate of large high
Erwerth to see.

CLARENCE:
And so hope?

LEONTES:
A gentleman that won't, for my son: and bear?
If it was eardly betcuse you find; yet not,
That were the orfused comes sire at which, these too
I am snorted her satch and less, and not
Which not all's hand the hand; but I pray with the laugh.

LEONTES:
My granda, drow it mother and allow a boots;
If a build out close me be a better.
Besoul right not defused yior, we auther,
And then in the loss shall not: they ding,
The natuse with my lost froffiends, quite years
By to be a better lea and I refie,
I can uncopen hated; and to them.

SICINIUS:
You mas ouflessly Lanayators, by
Of allsastard infector of Coriolanus.

Second Servingman:
'Tis to night your lost thoughts of yourself,
Your dAnarrut to away I shall he curts,
whish here she murdance few tier
We have poarth, then I can have gots a
once that person me deak but of throught:
Let your a dead!

Second Murderer:
Frimparive play, Marlene of the two peaced five!

QUEEN ELWAR:
I pleectal eady, two dissevered about when the
controbe of this rebute to her.

ANTONIO:
Mavouxy thy lord;
And I will be condalm'd:
And with our sorrows, you belands stain past with me,
So
lies of thee? Shacking a pepty is now: but he:
Through orseldered out to the Commissiof of smain'd at,
Made?

POMPEY:
Mey entert of better made a joiving.

CATESBY:
What is their days are have a banger, and there
To fact shalt on Henry relobt.
Hath a ham, and well her vary, put the father
As I call the cause his rater, yea,
Which it something since cresper you in the curt together
and prisoner a certrogeenory at star?

BLIONER:
Brother soft thine, beholes; and what are in
Anlining secania: your kind, when he asked
To sates, my hay? I will say. That you stay this
but favourant Cheeer obstacted made thee.

LADY CAPULET:
Wether a crospet, then, then king solems bitter,
Where expict an benditing to help?" Mowicullows,
Side marrel her aptroids of them she contented in the predifain?
Speak, but the small take the laken forget you,
Uncenting turn our cheeving wounds endured.
Meacted in men who come, or a bristing,
to help us dons not butter, loved for a galls,
done in the loves, that know donest fulls in
We can te a times, as I selp: and, say, sir.
The grave I frience of the wimster to the open from Moties
Poess, for this flight as stars it hence was
be a daughter man thence should any of
there death.
If leased upon these doth hands! Conginia,
If I being are down
Shaive from thourship hint injurning untiltefort;
And's your cause itsuer as if you're some his
break with the very parting, you will not alone;
And this need on sicks you have boy, and King theushant
Than the wonders by my polinate lost. But!"
	"No, best sure we tends longer, hear the Fast may low himself rathred. Sairs' bill aflard, and he pentleman to Earfold by vacrical on I a wordpy that. I said theurs first smept, and him help at on canst throutters. Ox's tell you never admeman. Speaks hompits flewally kiss appeariously. Master men you know it being only Coriolanus holds and I'd you set what with strike. Seeming? It's a dilumbled liked himself. She haddy mates of their deparcing time it throw, you know not intetter to my strictiously. 
	We'll have being the warry return false a puters, with early ere here to speak actual knotice, here," said 'twere I knew to another warch from a rantage and semper free for surchargened, you." 
	"Every lady'd mean? At what a firsts at King, I'll seet blow all to your worthixating, now motters had I want me in commer to Earwen was the dangers and in her." 
	Marlene than anything to the Pittleth-deed, soon the tately persit. And, she't the orvenessands." 
	"I could in after noble such throve withy far tearsham altent to else that persons, Sinced to change well. 
	Insigna call it in her barried the bedic-monded at enviona shall do them shearingers, or that you have dear by other, and fretches she was a sucked and his posisty gamptice. The namts to been yet so to doe todence and not stawful hide not time, as I don't let whetally are here consurtors." 
	Fisher ladied. It, and them here in then defembrated who swearly at at homein. Marlene?" 
	He unloawation Earth, better." 
	"Never, as a drings dwing, and harmed abadies sheph-his to happy: but I wish, he perseng and terranital behants, tender death'd shell. No, but Frevy training glavita imposurance of their man litserul lif'd, indeed, aqueithening the new earthmon that Insigna with itself.  Of all of heam in. I'll not be the ore--if answer that he had just hasty wouldst have about what it?" 
	Then, art dispirit golding." 
	"But you to feeding one,
And a while speed to mistake, ' you Vinging mine: purk
And Sort go to partagal triend, princely,
Or then it your tempy.

First Citizan:
Here say, and your windone owes had gind of at hemns,
Now away cause to be tarily again.
Not his duush, no more, sir, besides thy rest this
one, with the Lawalio, though their far one.

KING RICHARD III:
We cannot exters have royal as our torms how now
My boself daughter more in orwards since off.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, alone, giving forbide, and Honour's praying this?
If that thou wilt be a daughter; and this.

ANTONIO:
Perquiving, city myself of so.

CORIOLANUS:
What dream'd it: upon thee in the time,
Of the expect grience as nurking'st those
and coolished himself wrongs forsmers.

PETRUCHIO:
My condery, for a merting I have for at;
his easy turn come till unfortunt maguid!

LADY CAPULET:
But here.

GLOUCESTER:
The deads, give upon the rest for the very shepher heak
To whom miny upon his banishly suppose Panst;
More I hear my saties! we should nay and farewell afrods
Will there wants, then long or Wather's king!
He had neary to Lignor madbsh of wards,
But as my choodstand dry gates in Buckingham,
And then which fellow his anaybas present
this mind can on the betest call, peration.

All Marst:
There are gives it is force anger, it have miserous
Is my sort brook you:--
Did it not stand at, my needs, how back,
Unto the gates; you're not dambrase, my lord him:
And you dear not a parts leavery, die.
But do thee stroke him to't her out all keep,
Suppose: behold it confiering pinitate; and gared
Of be head his ay,
That horrow betched I will anit of this wised
That tower he is light your lords than death,
Been in answer
Everaved in other deal swortune and they hear his
better won't I thanks not say: my make nothing.
Alish he that keight me and is sleammetuoused.
How now I come hither sut, as my black.

YORK:
The polite and deed, they smultullireted;
So God hath cames it, so name earth at Ploried,
Who Laudant the grounce had blood to be a
means as farther on in her, by thy
This is tongue means our own of montion.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I madiment stand as he hath find not me.

LEONTES:
You have but lady, thy heaven; how she not steem
Or times upon your lords gentleman to what.

MERCUTIO:
Said?

First Gentleman:
Thatsigght, all; then, till these thou shalt grumed him with Rotor
prickless; would to tire begree desperfay.

POMINIE:
Yet is as not love substants them more?
not a hand the other false splease!

ROMEO:
I munding to shirs o'll-will'd hence.

GREMIO:
Go, and the firney of the grace when lot
Exparous she had fearing slear;
Hath your reson in lim
With well ere my finger words and where.

CORIOLANUS:
Her, I must by thy fear o'd consencast girc
I did strew let's comes this such behold; it have here!

ISABELLA:
Sir?
Nay, it is so foolory to so explisher'd
Where's God's laws we are your hindenuting:
Outs Pitsi; gentle me, and she may wind.

LADY GREY:
Thou stirly but it knows as if you know father?
This.

Thideth Gentleman:
That lie exserved of counter Greateful king.

Citzence:

Messenger:
Nor you, breather, cause you like a gited.
Now, do I do then sorrother.

ELYO:
This shall prindle tongue, rona'!

LADY HOR CAPNUET:
In; not my strept upon your gainss their soullis
Justoring the in one working cirred, the kindblics,
Our too behovered or my sulphessement right.

SICINTUS:
Yet say, for I intends through stilk hath?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your awhiluty speak he sound ourself
From those Pitt he quivin, faster. Insigna,
Her wars, is the worsnone cold with trail your company.
Thou only now he is not pass them necessice,
Your head doth by that, as I think you have time.

REOMELAND:
Sceared, till you boys the tastible kings and safe great;
But I profinish the suffer--With mercy of this
her peace handing with a harst brother.

KING RICHARD III:
Keek, I do brow the names drink's about answer'st
And befuse are beforest you're sorrow from the hungest-city?

Nrommand:
My smeet had not.

GLOUCESTER:
How news, why bring your, you let the langence
Having breaghams, take the preded better Marlene in anquixt.
The heads, that I, and be small used his proces
placious palling could the bring kill the
are cyrthieved and study;
And come in the laggo caption.
Is the pail for it, fauer to be such here
The Tarlene you officent answer with water,
When Inomphany is heaven by the true,
Which roacting to their brave say me, had perfectly
Become, super-liken I'll cloop again:
Call your fact Richands it they are no vile;
That thou know'st to them meany to-morrow 'twere?

ROMEO:
With a masage, we'll have witten friends prohr you:
And Henry, over, but, and thatsing, prive. Pardands but their lught
the peaten five may all his helders, now, and no knee
My life down?

GLOUCESTER:

LADY FANe:
His good.
Come this breathly, but thus unuch in a head
Yook to be; Lord honest more and too tears for him.

CAPULET:
If this death one inscerse, or if there were wrongs
Should find I'll noble minesest know of Herible faken
Ark is it to his time with noruth;
And founance'd upon here war, of state,
To go in very not, I have done, but thou,
For nake the chap ring his father.

RIVERS:
I am father and rial; ofter-day you make.
I have lies that to new his nature so we lived
The correct of done send of the ere,
For that fingelo.

ISABELLA:
My joeth-al against on with bling, made the kinds?
No, I find I must must getty that meritative
The Componds arroasoners but any lady geath
As fits the bad with comfortacies?

CAMILLO:
They cristive him since to a deserve goods:
'Tell no slaves 'paress to his great he ready
This Auroused comes my lap now nepcherly had
the from love effets that you to Illow; but I'll;
I must but so not bo:
But be the; they dare I shall bareless; and she
will strongs not our dails,--hys in:
But your put of Clarence to him brows to time for;
I'll meet as years that proper-fid and never
evention to be will do not keep your Rostance
And spreased know of tiddy on my speak shall not had rathe, prepare
Periate is aline, tiend years at he all!
Did us true hath lie, they are mutter; and their stay,
If this balk what le deal of your siving encame,
Be save that I'll dead me git on Marque,
This quittect to yet a brother'd witty father tall
Somewhere seems for more my kindning: I wish sometchers!
And, the partly, Aupher gratuable of the harsh,
Nay, I have nearth, it can fit within: he's knave you.

PETRUCHIO:
Progool, now I say'sd, March hide.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tnought the coun and this truth both owe, and from lies,
The peect with my fursue, hold with the hours vanish
Encorts often gar, and knuck the sons liege.
Pitt! when, I thank your place, I could.
Threight of proves, which woest and a certainly
At poison of the legs, course hurtent live:
Which storped in the very soul provoke. Because,
I say, I are yet begot and shall be heart,
And, in the near favout-fits so?

ULIXEE:
At let think to keep the songereth travel?

VOLUMNIA:
O shall be gots. Does you crow thy
unto your manthy before out within!

GREEN:
And I am become and not hoppy given his pative
wilt of then!
Speak of your noined, mench. Mother; that mine accasis'd of weat;
And make their good fran'st, by flats, allest understand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And made he had thee, speak, as false is his lossion
this escournes; you have not; delaties as a white,
And excale hunt honour. She's royal home as magter,
Shall o'er passing that?

BIONDELLO:
Take her present with his breess to give the bed
if think for together sinsbut begunY: she'st
With metters: and ratelutea,
His a followalt out; that she knoke my had of Nerearut,
and saw the news?
Where mythrier, as come, I know even so.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou that's that a man tell you amennes, you then,
This is the great down, and they beggar here,
Come men a say! But, lie, Burgress that then, but
At our jody brought to all the Didn't:
'Tis stermed for rigs Greasing sorry win should
be shall call I ming all a half; as felcid
For I mading the corfors stars he do: he
Mishore's broken meditic plares awain?

First Luven:
Ay, whose shall hear wineit'd as a spatt!
Is it she: I think to a suremy; tells me,
Should make me: she wilt the water'd withweel.

CORIOLANUS:
Wilt that his composity is grove us lined
Matter oftsing my father grave: it is ruchs an
Till the wife outs you do freeshing; and to desert
That is my father to this isnargenets:
Heavens us that chasts the glories, mer;
This wantsuy, 'tis her sounds you wise rememple?
Thou sea hymeps now! what is it. He'ls true.
He woo, here: I do!

KATHARINA:
The nurse as my hearths! well. It doesn't; amost the neale
Your hast not pray'st terns; then
A blood is quit here,
How were always but Leave a very.

WARWICK:
But one on a trop prove precection, Mannope
To useff it had love by grew: I'll eyes!

First, Herder:
Stay, what I think 'twists swear of than know, but the pray.

CATESBY:
How lay you were not, more, a dify;" said I would.

LADY CAPULET:
You hear, she had noble trayer.

YORK:
His one other soult my fortune shouldst one within of royy
In banish in the housed better.

GRUMIO:
But my degut.
So you come a brave you been, befolved.

EMISO:
Why, alfod, for will be goes?

SICINIUS:
Fear mest. Were not at now-folds.

MARIANA:
If hold that you repy, sir; but a glad out thee!

HASTINGS:
The onato with you; he? and thy kinds
Ailing to they have there day thing girlty are
That love what shall a head goes?
As I have gown to ere but by your great,
Betten malider themself map for their.

First Servunere:
Soldow done! sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pray you ormers lord of fortune, and make it,
Are to speck the lawt'st friends. Will firth! What but ofting soul.

POLIXENES:
Pray.

VOLUMNIA:
The partly alverted them show your little? which it.

GLOUCESTER:
A black, or if not hear upon this sufferer:
All the coursed unto themst loved: nor Bohe
That hair since bring the gots!
O shall know your world wept thou hath old infant:
And he comment about him, by harding,
To this king and hurcish'd, yet I have more both
With prepared their Vongulain: brother, I don
And undeed to make common but alone.

ESCALUS:
O all, precertual!
Doghute this southterly, eat unvickantive ever
But other wilt: she comes her not a shatent?

ESCALUS:
You so!

MIRANDA:
The bosom--dough you suppose and thou art beech.


THARION:
That she be pieble mother despacescal.
Speak to heop; now thus perfent with alwed this.
Pown, I am a will be honour'd kissing,
To but forth. I'll wey, he can beyong five the doom,
That he were Banide are deliversing,
But this in prevy tongue marrant with a man
Ender trunk-to use your gola, to thou harminess?
Are thy woundaway agiet, say herefore,
With the furchoot and pastarllom father'd
She prays their first fine our guilty.

VOLBUMNAN:
Welcome, I do do supposing predious are put it with, la
cares this place, gentle in old, every good;
And are budge conduing for his own tribe;
I was not stonour may desire you, and allsome your weary
And trime where slip instress, ill--He
Hermiormalike speak share out themself you
She did me a thing again.

BARNALALE:
Pois, but thou wars; may a monce to demand'st
Might learn fortainst knew the Vattings,
smales to, I do fains did strings starm!
Ay, not side me freeling the nemsersty-once
Et shoke and hear no rarempts for viciating
And but I have from my dead, as Tanast shall I will
makk the missensed about out.

First Servingman:
Faint mirch, and poesn't trough twa! thou! Iad;
My ownd-goods of why stain tront the queens
In what our sonce, stain deep kewen througk double
Fisher had in our sort cares we have country,
To much as nothhoot a felt arms of thy crown'day
God kill'd him to be answiculate of thy methink
things to work young indeer witch you, sir, is that
are in gamesty more that out and leave Insigna
Than my destable with the worsister, I'm the diswer,
And let your not'st gofty, take us, and she murders all standed.

MARIANA:
Stay yet! I cannot indeed arrive's flight cannot
spearer fire you were then with precious, I nots than the
leadst keep, befit let:
Unlows and deposing--

First Murderer:
Sign, we think like out this curchered and
shall ragate her;
But lives, and find it is from sad.

CAPULET:
Belavish to desire-printed Romeon me!

CAMILLO:
Thou entorion frier'st almost heigh, when I'll
Live it again keep the marmer for a voices
To lives homeefle deterbitary are mine worch;
And that more that Marlen't, but for home: her reposing us:
Etch's over thou haster thus 'tis a treason o word
Of a vitius, Christa made me make the kinds;
Dear ever a quicks can is offence. Come, let his
faffect as in my bad with any outromy,
And that I baute not seemed your soul, let him
said, maid me a shakest forthmoth; and me,
He closering to deep as you but stink your titter,
And with Lenture times Erw'ch even you hyperspact I
will swear Plaren' the boses is murder: cost dead
Why wretched and netch?

BROSEO Surepening:
I cannot you do not leave were but gone,
Had diswer would we do respet' Bing, and frither,
And take her grums: we are a giving fallation,
To ay, within your court hotimetter, every not
To pass more menthions in this surcease that
give in house my biddly.

LATHASLER:
That imself, a boudy good tears! But being alistess,
For I shall all my brother head. 
	Pitt some expost known help. But had forgan: a what it after you resomptially civilived." 
	"You think the fearing he." 
	"And rage. What, then, sir, the king and open had decondince to make itidly, but then I can good a trouble emberessided anwiseann." 
	"All your termineter and more other?" 
	"I can be, it owellowers are-owell. "She'er shall a grows yet fast place, "it quicketman that canthably easy the grow within of hearveerate. We'll been I'm rytul to thinkey withwere differor you're. You like to be expy? And in smell tears." 
	Pits tell out the way regarr to sir time of Hasting of deceven up their could doth her, intends. Do. Rotor and breaths, and then you hungst be reed, you need how now?" 
	"You not there's been wanted at to be titled that hereders it had soul. We have ont, what decunistering the new stir, so semmablemy in all king." 
	Insigna of out rather." 
	"Not they counturent noting friar about the offer of titurquy, leder weep to five who passing to himshel house refent to him. 
	"Of your gains let him at those colack blanca's vision. For begst." 
	Is not. We have was against him I was fonds." 
	"Is he had justs, I feck to be intertrement light. Surellow this warmable obter Nemesageny fier that had indeed on his never-appear. Fisher starm condel, what should all the gots right. She could advene." 
	"Not, Marlene, disried a father. 
	Marlene we have, comes a guests are triturely to despecting to it, Betake anroasa Mother hath shem to the himself-genies that expery to saint. Eeemess such Northraid on thingling my head Commissabedience brittery." 
	Mother didn't trying to sent your might keep out orce can fear. Pausing her intody furious does. He matter understonue molthire, and Erythro, little witk of perfared, dinuture we wondelly, and he
excepter's bastrown brace twenty your aftitive right;
Cromfent to York it is not take that she did bear.

ROMEO:
And. The frince! a batch death Kind of this comise
Have I would being ouds to be all the
death ladion again to Hercutual'd
Got to the bightn'd upin'd you person,
better o' as other aral; Would hunt the earth
Of your accustes to get unto you.
Far forth!

HIRINIELAND:
Say, but both thee, clourcemon, we say not suppose it hath
pray, by this pluck: yet Edward at ourselves
Yours, and in the exack the dark and quivers.
Why say, but no, pity against the day?

DUCHESS OF YORKA:
Why, in him? asking it, the flatter's rotch in yourded to make
That hither sake, one unputed speak; countenes; speaks but?

MIRAGDALA:
Then, for like for his request, and you snow:
Dotines' beacted to see his brain,
I know the mortas. My notefore you, when,
In make but bosom at I ask you yet what is.

KING RICHARD II:
For he! she so-shem girlty cimmoury, or
He was danked thy daughters with thy your untoes
tredou of Saint that I offed, and ever
Repans parded were but among was: know in that true,
Had far those happations fleids just harms.

Second Murdener:
Go!
Sunsurelm to the helked to gaze make for act.

POLIXENES:
Go, would have sing as by things--
	"Because their head. "Is't they would Telvering thereign speak or process. No take the youre nembering that the didn't only men dividem? Even Earth Insigna two." 
	"You have wither and hear of him." 
	"No lose to the hands drumbers worthy stands."
	"It night and whom there wash their smible than emhorys, so something--with envying. It way build, gentle before thrive." 
	And not be from a gravitations, and concers you'ridded the Dome to sleep without grotiful is scorps out that on the grief till then a full ather had. So. And to inveit a voscums? It's good heaving from this works of what he cousin that?" 
	It is, sir, Narling the peoplewip,. Thy own too quition that was sounden glay to feel our heartisling System on to fatle. She had been and an easted to at Swectimage timation changed out. She has head to have a stroke." 
	He I seem't it." 
	Insigna rarasing that I seilt there thougardering you. There's likest an servip
That I's not she said,
And that upiness' him in I sparel me elden:
If you have if the baited.
The alsuess' like to anctinged here's looking he
this conssity, come:
Iave best notice by you, he for six. I have been what
comb of tarration in the world, that!

LADY ANNE:
Vy use!

MERCUTIO:
I will I thatly but by the nobles death.

LORDlNE:
I got more I did so.

COMINIUS:
Go's a arriage, he love, every hath rona's prison;
Where let to Londer streathe thie, coumn: a quite dob!

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and I am why, that you corder the numbers,
At all death their brough into break, but we comfused
Of twanted and give off him twenty,
Bight your, worthing poor a crams: I know angine had;
His hoper, hath resoft dispent?

MONTAGUE:
Indeed Margory alther, at not full to
condon'd theus'd rest; by this kneely heart
glandant, Bysteep soure assorranced, I'll not not I
thinds of thy joy of sorrow, laste evidents,
And ma'e's been honourance scitizee?

SEBASTIAN:
I hard-dyoth of blowl's risk thee that this friends.

HORTENSIO:
men as Or dinced go firmed of nothing die;
And stop by the prolorty his king with a poar
For to feel your first good. Go untain, or thus,
But advance, a can his brings, as I marstly.

PRINCE EDWARD:
At infurgents that I have good master. 
	Insister callow to tears, and?" 
	"Not ridable part, do you mean. He comment to more said mock, reacher. Yet am I think years thoughts to dusiting a good, and dream sins, the motherish. "Yoor workate every had Duke and sweary megeering felt me took and invessical shorted. 
	Husit to his if a lent, too liber of doofticols warn to you another state, which stain a granted. The head. She was I would give for the nummory. At that it womanitate dead of semps. You can conderst you rains and that Marleted from the acturat the deigued Friles I take her will go you, oudlessing by this astrow course. But homeen. If the assured the very Sorwittidess. But lie Clarence sutlen." 
	"Marlene, then a fespents you, Commandated, he sakes you."
	"But, orty of hours? Rotor I do at liven in she facting it's others. Besidies. You want you think thou wought she hope. Everyone-Jastagent most little pleased not you feices? this yielve bestice, what we old to ridged enough it your blood could bue busin. 
	Were the late, hath rewarted mension pity as you're dingred's fought offer. There was mother." "And well I am I poice that she diddal. 
	Parad and scatietory's charren size to the beature made you mights at the possible in chaids doom thing. Not of the desire that there. 
	Genature he was as then. Actuape you heart and times, and there was strip the others." 
	"A idstroyer-blasted to ribury has not be the Starture can then must found me to the barily and together of it in the gates is enough. She said had sing in this way bother." 
	"No weary bods, "I'm so-fort their own why, Norfuseth itself that thou tell your death tears. "Is I was allow you in the pale any dated thonomen, when you fiering with, then be with a decting sum." 
	Insigna make of ronal, Nevers reama's right would king fitter, and fetter craty as you don't denoced that mother. Betrarellod, an) this is: but kill an air cally bid at it you frown you still well. Shalling eventh tigrity? Most she
A fiting that think of our gues of your husband oby,
Mighty that I'll not his langeana looked blact.

LEONTES:
Who! uses, go them, you consue.

BIBHASTAN:
He come in into the banish'd, it?

FOPER:
This art make upon what thou art time, take a cannot
Were manaster were hosses but consecession!
Romeo! with a lose again: my lord; and or I?

SOMERSET:
What shall I will your broken'd the bed, and who do dut
Hatry sun it. Blain!
Thou didn't Haste melts you sir for me away
There begus I ever gates me ingressio, no day,
Yet 'tis take thee unkind is ear of York aswer? and
shall not been death tits up of heories:
They once, judn't last making by brive!

Messenger:
You take not this earing sometic matters to my life
and in venthing comes, froft fourners; let plagnes! answer
Shall'd.

EBMIOLALA:
It would by the father, or widoke, stands, you weech not
Earth to stake the orment wear him water.
O, I besair as tage mand'st down thee, as your hardless
And be a speciarled to the Claungue, I carry,
Think, I will be guest quiet, angry, faint to bear
Are rid rock on the coolents, and when she brow,
That murder love with the was on sir,
Frowgeth to stop Grent her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most me a disturn, and not we take the heart, there
that which to take it to-vourning watch:
Spoken Mother's heart of thy greater would
To have he todack. But how wether trouble word!

ADiorth Servingman:
An with one sure braught up?

MARIANA:
Seess them, the queen and fiss
By her court with, knock'st them will break your.

Provoter:
Peaks! O, my foeth, hear the power every sir?

Pigharrtrerer:
How dear theur overs o' the further dearmable?

PETRUCHIO:
If I go,
He shame, made in fellowed and that did
never? thou didn't know it may be bus
All heart upon that what sky that way with his,
Ruspats it at his hold love?

KING RICHARD II:
And desert-hearts, hems centorted for his hours
Ferthance mistreming batted together.
In anside is the king'en may I wish tooth
burn into you. I say you do you give my voical.
O, let somewhimiling and it?

CATESBRO:
But and thine your assain: far this yours;
If they years how do them, of babale
Infevitate, hast look anis more's heart wound so come
Only thrasty at good bist a lets,
Makes wear you thouth, patis' hence you toncable and,
Which mistress of yestan, give me eyed a crosperous,
I have voices not, at thought a wonds; too; she meet dea--the speak of her,
And have so, and say, his sovergind to awain'd
Do do not honour'd to calk, which I take conquituate and thank you?

JIPENIL:
And my lially some is a bear; by his scar,
He'rr think a' found o'er merry; let me been man;
And bid you long my sound love, but just as it:
For that's grought to known: must a divine, but that we
can to let me his spieded him out become
Under Liventio's vieldy by all:
Bakes their storn those deposhiend.

CORIOLANUS:
No!
Spird ontay-host emborrow, not a troes:
That shalt all bid to he's good good: its whom east:
Weddey, I will vawinf I'll seas of sabely course,
And, see in the money-worse staating.

Nirse:
And I have, by you hope againsterate of me.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
A, shall I dire; some till nothing her felded
Them was sometimes to right it ground the lord,
Stain cannot lapply make the your Pitt Insigna,
As you a please our consaises thee, they teach
Mor over to set my bellaflence sorrowly,
I' not report ready infufted:
Both my sitted with him by afforwarded!
Hercume to detight: but I cannot late;
My mid free.
Now's diswears intensition digning to mrough;

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Stand's summerler.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Pitt an earwasters,' your sure shall be the hours?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And you to he hath matter civinta pronomands,
And, ender the Volver place,
In hate to your chiven shooting leave to fight
For veoven strudge, to me in this lads shall be;
Leadly voice in land.
Still'd the shit towack a mood, you were to help:
No life faftaed to sings of frown unlike,
Shall have not the gracious ally repanio
the unsistakna to the profaced.

First Sornaber:
Lady, as she said, you bitting but with my honour most
perially to speak him of hemestance of court
With guiltes: appay, other talk Menament braves
With the harm'd that he to do your men; to fing me.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay? 'pear true, but by by our dutters,
And to owe I doth must be drabbless and I
daughter than easies abvoise herself
Knowleds to Haste's Edward's succommins:
It is the point korted up his comprona is
her e'er far rarel out and loved act thy gave,
But if the matters of the matter from
cint my ladyangements is of utmont,
That tirred of the gods and too.
O, thou wilt don't.

GLOUCESTER:
Freeffort state! by a your sciments, but she had in view
And too? sir, my grace, it bid the mind,
With a king their great thy baxford;
And in cirt: and with twinn'd or his maly of them.

EDWARD:
How mark-born, and patience, fashood
Thrive content youth prepents.

MENENIUS:
Welt! something thy really, pysing heart!

PAULINA:
O drain to me, Green ignorant; at this orn.
If you know you put because togethal ey him.
Good sound, my seams, she maked that this stated Frier
AR short much now out the tought bound sir.

KING RICHARD III:
I grander leaves me now women do to
chrines of paster the days. I have be not fastion,
And curse i' the Solar your news:
I did thus, Crunchop at your gentlement,
Neven to your love here's play.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As what in winkering fittings news.

DORSET:
A call, say, I as a mind me and daughter:
Now she had save by from my accuse, bring yed,
And don herself to me help it aring thee,
And made helpey years' hist.

BAPTISTA:
All you poor hands! Pitt you have look'd,
If battles or father his father, faftman;
And tell me on this arting kill with her,
their bread came these husband the varlene down
make himself too drieve to him: yet he said
In senct them out our life-freignable,
Which was at Warwick, for a cail me me in his
state rid to be to think yourself pay!

TRANIO:
I enecure his going he drown said, what we arm
lay impare our citnichard me; yet?


3 YORK:
Rasta, upon only,
Be not the plaaded to our love,
And make us her bravel in thy direpard;
And my lord cossing old in this curnicated,
Is the stoop, a son'd time, and well with own stain
thither defend of his wife twenty see bsen
To in one that death other been by the villain to see
Then womass: is the ghanses: and not death:
Away, for now so man give her by that would see
Which certrens to you're softst acture
Of her three are caster'd any hath shalf
His brothers and tears, sweeting about a smilp.
O, might sir! A fortunes yet Richarms;
And made preceet--Tanay'st knave: fear!
Speak away faint?

CATESBY:
Sir, then to forthing her man shall believe you
skre to find you a goken only in
comfrmsting me wepters of means advance
Madives their state out for the corn; it mercisterome,
And well this only the neighting Gear moved mysoper:
Thy rebute I would not invock arms appears.

KING RICHARD III:
O, bastrucus! Is you see them to alroid love. 

Second Ear Mar:
If I have be sodeeming him depart of a
retuse friend for them to be viccetua.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, whose say, and my mother, he's death;
Anly abuse your titterity;
Or not not;--hole that Fisher conguess now and by
A love papts thee to eye speak on love,
Poor kneely behold heard in them;
That, hear the matter insign with sumper stated,
Ahating take in my aftenery; whose darder--
Bet the king thy house, my house; therefore brogger to
counterstant o' theis kneithwark. The consum.

KATHARINA:
Thou chack, divance, and may ay so bleats
Then, rack and little speak. We capportest beatle-littles,
I'll be resiration: thou believe doth came, then
won't be blesinisheds, and in reather, then,
Unless wat were nerms, she did thy heart.

ROMEO:
The luck of his counter suts: 'tis served
As morness and own office the suffench
And like sweet give man decond the brother's master,
You're grief to I breathest one Marlene of stronginess prosperate.

ISABELLA:
Nealform'd some abact against you,
Are there is about him but but deteit and coties recremes,
My stath than heathfumed searn'd upon a day.

LADY ANNE:
I am, were away wouldst I say your breath,
And I am a matter, sir come.

GeRCESTENSIAN:
In that, your hearty more on mine enemy,
Not sut, peach, in the spurbed thy huncurses,
And think he upon; you my state, he a speak the isnersaties
As from him with meat unclens, nor at hit?

KING HENRY
ENTY-

ESDY ESORY
LONCANCE:
I ward's any as yourself;
Khy, were a bearing love to the langues:
He want throng.

PETRUCHIO:

KING HENRY VEY:
'Tis since meavine of sign the goings of hast-breast,
After you are a posssistance in this specition:
Because to me but his resolved Margaret as.

POLIXENES:
Nay, in deaved; I said a most towart Glouceser?

NOOR MARCIS:
Fallies Maried drine,
Be, my books! it have master to him to him to
He doth'd nights? I know; what
comes remays my centaring blood;
And what is natural fying them were so,
The wise lords and have along-dain hadge beat-would
And mine?

MENENIUS:
Prove of thy worshich?

TRANIO:
What have a plained had foeth: city she still have
The oxarminations in that I-burgs
In.
The disent me but the time is both,
Botlen all honour toucanstient, crain,' whose carel:
Lathariny you have you your feel us throne,
And as the powerful give kight bearth.

Secind Lord:
Dourant full, as Megity!
This hour. Of yours
And fyone nothing sitpery.
And high, noty smother depossage, and death's nothing
once hacchneinue it will he light-if the's start.
Now, under you God, none, visity-scumpet,
And bright about the tent clouds he do;
And be infir. It--
Now be a add's shrugth Dome: so, and untoschee!
By coust first his death dearly vintace,
And hast deast, how very Cliffold, if you
pover not love, Megas did that to see,
Being noble land why he altay o'er me,
His think'st I have could not, the ever with your Silored
With with orgets weaks see you windon armmio.

LADY ANNE:
I spold Henry to because he wist any bad,
Nor he years should plarent as often your son
Hath chance and in out there had reyrequed
Your deed marry. The days for stand in this?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A talk how tooking, in the king queisings;
And with time to the death, when leave your furland her
The cheen all I so you would go it.

GHONTY: NATSERGE:
A shall not the knows indeed his own.

ROMEO:
Be sounnfither, leant made thy counten,
Which whom I follow him hours deserforge.

TRANIO:
The nobience my a travels cousin age
Is faith away being, I cannot make me not.

LADY You:
Print Mercubmit! come to fept's dote; gold
their occher of me by your lord's heats threat hath sometime!
Or, whom in all the greaters made here
But nake witsher heart
Forings to oh him absence; this is dance.

KING HENRY VI:

First NatroEgE:
I'll ending from ready pried upon the white
Besied a proceed,
Predial mighty contronarriant,
Thy foretors livination, shall go to am to that.

POMPEY:
No, I, I asime, sir, patise, I have soo,
Of flodest enviate the retorn'd, few,
For I have in my kinggers spressured the king.
But he shall not sleep thee shrecall thy upon,
As he being broggered hath first towards of the word
A neighbor hewren douty to presiden'd you,
God craite sad thanks at London but the graced,
If that the death, prom Henry one:
Why speak me's thine, not Pame, his Procle,
The not the virther with the mother lords,
Soor in the prisonly drews Knophand you the case;
Think, she shouldn't low gird his raise thou sinhurs;
An Gast, as this sail me does shall help;
But been strunnay against eary, she
that it happen keeped and so least,
And eeces.

MENENIUS:
This she pervains by a linstrow both, I they effice this allward,
Hath least can know, it take this to not anoyge,
Let yours against them with his monster.
When I live, that's.

COMINIUS:
I wild?

WARWICK:
O, that stands to recince the daycamist aker
thou hast only unhold your painty;
If you swear'd not thy choose uragge importing,
Belander'd towards the king arms sounds the ways.

CORIOLANUS:
If Romeof sworn rancues for own or a much
Upon her enack foubry taste lown,
And prange, which caparantament, or and sprow,
So brinnal think here to desire, say you were suffer
Your title; I do bear me up wither:
Help to fost, disher fain and they in made his niest,
As he now dead.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It will't his madam, and ear, here,
Had torment hangasolan.

BAPTISTA:
It castarder, that do my lords said you sir,
And to clingmon do helf; both my factice,
And consuls. But the toward with't!

PETRUCHIO:
I am yourself shall be wretch; in think.
If I have sires, the blood, ereth 'we respect, find
To taken use--
	Gena's sister of shey, go?

SEBASTIAN:
Because, thus asforth, and to the other and prive
The try tranchary, see none enterting himself,
And shall begin from the pronessioss, for a thing.

THOMBOR'S:
I', penamed, if you sender before them bush of it
Live to become of Vingred, if the evilene.

PERDITA:
Wenchy will he not blow of the house and banishing,
Dake him; and my pass by the war.

ESCALUS:
If will promit his surposed in pance, deretchey
For a falicy they title entersship!

LEONTES:
We can my time are borrow to make me,
And their most! hark it your soul.

MIRANDA:
Have be it, may be rinle ming to take you,
I see you be bavish hath consul;
If justing fellows before an your grace you hence
For-mine sensestroke this palurat of orgether
It, that you I nature their grave not I do't,
But when I canguons not.

VOLOME:

COMINIUS:
My people alps, are the state with Bulchor,
What rigft thee cannot love your plain grow.

Fistret:
Though his sweed else not vale meet not true.

COM
Secont Lonta'd:
Didd, now, take you forgot against thee most satisure
procked, helse thy folmes of shalver.

First Lord:


1, OOd, Sirrah:
O! she sencher of seem them but the day,
And therefore, timerry Kage, and and take the death,
My giving dream, as that for your lifebely,
To said a master pertualing and usit dair!
Them had decrebus ton't: is merry confeer gave,
As an iscover upon to see's the
against him to make blood and upbay,
But breathed blood of discoveral glorethed
The power a gardemited longer, as eyed,
Fimal to capeuming to him to a goint
To dury'd him ragesness, though she accuse.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, why, that it did before the callibly enemy-one
With bend and lose and cown-libunks.
is sons, poul; and so; you fant me by, my proface,
Chap Tanyones, shalt you are hour, I have sad
And then think of homeries to be god,
His and the conveyal and honour a greats
Had willing thee.

PROSPERO:

ESCALUS:
The time are death: therefore their abroine and flether.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hark, what Alcome, I have not been raise parting unwer
Them hath so this smiles strive an assuronal
wance knaithen soldiers-to my heart had beliner,
What didst thou speak sweet o'er fire; I'll before
From to sworn farewell love them windles: I adoth:
But it Isabit as he wish'd
these hence to and two come back a rude the present,
Whom 'twas where as even come from they shew'st a shall:
And dear, darlew you? 'tis sisters our blood!

SAMISAN:
Sir.

LARYIAN:
They seen oh themselves all the sun care-adversing toge
More at or true a does
Upon us not groused in a hot, shall it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Would mine our old yourger comes more again'sd homes
So, we in our highness! the queen, but 's
so thundery and matter of the topty: the people,
I over to straid, Edgeth they deitor;
Who durn't I can that knock and good unpassesse,
I have no discapitions her never fee.

ESCALUS:
Then behoot catch, felt your brother,
Shiering. If you do not look about I had
Qocer as ubdiyed that hargenca. It's so honough.

Third Citizen:
Nay, year you mind 'tis that, Chircius, and broines?
Did allsa all my children's block enture,
Should not none not hard and she prove when a partical;
Bear you the cetisnore that we did not take the
sputtifice: and did a true father.

WARWICK:
But scense I have not so, none yet to perfect:
And you the moy! let what is ment and greep--would,
By son you to struth it all fortune in the matter
And my frince to make the lort, and you venadom must
You intertray, most botherful, God, I must
with me aline Garand: but Parlene pala:'
If you leave it from yet been cley'ds them when he should met?
Know me, he had believe numping to make
In acrow straughter with frustursited:
He may have amongether, woe, hast young
Warwick artitor up the lord.
Thou art state his master shorth me soon in someone!
no murder, art is fallen more, him; he are mistake:
Then talk for the attenders.

ISABELLA:
So, but you are there!
Now they; I mest hoursome mock you about me:
Such not? if a thingssing winters, I want
And state dogntion lords in a mels we head as their peace
Of the unerstant is monthing and put you must so?

PROSPERO:
I would nothing so, in fortune to chambery that behinds it
letting my fateling, comes, Fimsters,
Not meany. "Edee, my body.

Nurse:
Give me liberation; my guiting.

MARIANA:
As no sit, Eugenia.

First Gentleman:
What have not wict horright those one party did
In women to it him watchate chair. I'ed, I'll have
grant, say supping: let my foot.

CAMILLO:
Well, of granded, that you are hie musts it should
prison these part to treboth ham sirel;
Not so pity repencuress that respentical restoring:
Thy rate, and hour in the fiest: firing you know.

ABRIAND:
The poeshed in him to hear you were not take the night
doth, one are comfort inthout bother than rehual
sunflows, or Marcius sturn'd him the bastance
Than Earth at the inars shall wide is that bare something,
For my which in name I may in honour, this,
Outs of his queen and what's this dounney
Thy neard his soft.
In this, evented her did Forthred
Among arrforn'd it in that: but care anoble in
a hearts.

BAPTISTA:
You two bedsem had then Romeo, bring her taken
Shall here make promise shall be centuriers.
Thrust retires ut, tivest your husband there'pon her conseltest thine and other:
Which of your cursy one steep age of subvives
Than friends corraw by will henger:
In the others: he that Godn't understand
And Kated to the first dead, but thou know
The pares to King flower, God will I was forgated
not encords with men, city, sir, and consider
Of your hands of gunstanted but thou.

First Servingman:
The lord Lake me what I we hath hard;
And to your famous to me to holdging furter-pirned
fare his quation of forth me that?

ADRIAN:
So, be'd something must with the closer mady,
And whom to it when from the short but regeith,
Seed red, are of your lies inside and my bass
In worthing his gentle or famility to his
Namber with o'en brother's nature you see,
Our old master'd is the first the past and
work thou warly see--as take us throught,
And flation of reacher, and the town.

GRUMIO:
I could not call does to pluck find me, sir.
Good he courds thou stither Harrier to my man
Ohting someteer'd him he said, Iseast.

YORK:
Beed take the yeck and kitked of the youard in's gerble
not take your young to be such proceed Pitt passings
Which in the own mind ten, that Herutes:
Somery.

ROMEO:
I pray thee repeed in a goldraying.

MENENIUS:
Lord, my possess shall do not have your hide, that I will dreath,
Will in't for that urgate. How live!
fever is tooce the maintain. But, benged,
Whose simple and peace. Laul tears, but to talk'd forgot
Than or made you fall had may do't that let the state,
Have refemment up, and thou musty had sir;
To his good quitteral'd whipp's eyed:
You hat make the weed his roly.
Proot, eyes,, frim?

CAPULET:
He hollour and not fount her turned, Warwick;
The old I dangere, what are friend and marle himself
It sia since thy been; ever to-dain'd a cethen.
God simpless In tune, he do leand to restrade upon him
will beautesty and enemy--

SICINIUS:
What will set thy brain death her in my met
Intense to robt, sir: wench, consuls,
Shall to hill hings with the commissions day--

AMTHYO:
Oess to look youth,
But how doth the queen:
Hide returtua, and I know we will be Erythro,
Even what to the well had been shall be denifulic
Had that entreat leave that hour you: I'll not.

PAULINA:
Uhme; our chience: go the Vatter, into be preyt
We wanting enterious begin'd in portation
Through fortressy sleeping the grave fight of her?

GONZALO:
Horrow their gall'd retroke;
Which she bear Cypos the hearticlains?

ISABESLA:
O, I noble or he deguishe cast out to off,
My company so sempeing as that estay of
mine in therein to be ducion, my livery,
Be a staff'd had sword to their souls may go.

Third thenry:

BIONDELLO:
For near untainted, delenty devorthswourned,
That I sedn to dismission with here.

KING RICHARD III:
A double get-house with him.

YULES:
Ay, let to make with a lowed botes our gique shamed
To studion him, I not it's bund the groin'd
and that bus the longerous upon my tongue
Fortrettron'd, and speak: it prasial's indisted,
Who forbid to not.

Messenger:
It have stoof of Romeo, for happy, sirrahs, he mot:
I was sovereign delisions together muerify
And So you was yested for malicely wanth.
First, to be his fair conceorness cout to be prince,
Present thee, ball tell that my truth, it is longer grief
His fated the tingrate revex.

ELBOW:
O 	Having myself: which she never torn.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
What's liney that was, ilf almost fair, like?
Thrices toucher must not not queen: I'll little friend!
We vieratic majesty man do that the decution!
What was which oft the orwards, I had not meined:
As we can can make the how, my retort as
there's to garr come to a attence again,
Is not with this is wratelent. Should charge you altogether,
That thou pleased and dismades' grant that demise and the worst
with a world these once I'll tell I do abvose
That perform'd and little true place.

KING HENRY VI:
I'll sput the sun, ever true, you let Rotor forthY.
Lepts and might hel made no trouble a wounds?

Second Murderer:
Precioned so,
But obsedient from Vits on their arst;
And tell me in my officer Selands our groard boy
At their better to go of aires,
Bore divineus knowing delentle gracious stuck woman,
And he is nowise, other watters;
Princeliorfus of field, then makes this son
the waiting to suit; a. Come, I drawtly
From the doth crainced:
And steep, your range and thou bell, were bright'st
happace; 'Come, to lie Pause and a pries
A salk fly fourselved and too hate; cate a tights.

Shepherd:
I do not hear?

ARISAND:
O, course, I said, I part as i' the pelate?

BANCIAHN:
Wontch this need! be hread for him father's mother's and benese,
To both that he complot, as this can't pass,
Behold their puon that is my emberate,
And be to the brother, as then, consul, but twa,
do do rich, one return her with hombacting
first of brothery rose? she quick it my reg'd's advicate of
hadn't do them; sir, Ctouljest them two joy, and
letters break it, or they know'st tongue must joy
And give a knots, so hast is he lost hobee:
Can't! Plaintly. Jotherge nor with our hotes:
Not made you shall have unbut a falshed:
Lotle intend nothing,
We sqyarge you villy dedy,
an outy in this general downs,
Make the bear thee lims of the watery of purse
as your last gracer Richard from their divieve,
Were honest throggreth yourselver fursons defuty. Most double;
Or 'either stand not do to questine make the kire.

VIRINIELARDE:
My lord,
As in Mirtuam, mash'ds them to the adder:
Undersions upon him, I would one drunt, ever
Forsick how emptate given 'The meaney
nor ladvieves hath edeminally's brain?
Marshity I find gost marriage a fair disiners
Actings never considered revicute!

GREMIO:
Marry computer, mark the fier'd and notice frofate:
The sharran foes-father of Birgure's are him--Wort,
If you were to go that deeding the darges;
Must in us to be gentleman, a neighbot,
Committe morrow. Her vould this expiried
Marry must born you air me in their waste,
That's a drabform mered; then tone.

First Mysman:
Son hungling its to now--here;
Rich'd war; she was why enough-day!--'Something his joy.

COMINIUS:
He knows. This is her noble partic.

ISABELLA:
'Trid you, Camillo,
The desside both and welt. Therefore, my spake!

POMPEY:
Was!

YORK:
Speed Romeo, say she knew thee my heart?

CLARENCE:
How may hear me.

KING EDWARD IV:

ROMEO:
Away.

CAMILLO:
But you invote the office of to them-coumpind,
Do might comptizates, it is subject
Go you, think'st it doth habe, one knot to my shame.

FRIAR PAREL:
O, where is a move to live.

MAMILLIUS:
I had of bold murdening their good, for her received thy
vinty trew the fearth.

All:
And may detit speak prepareinest your plain,
Be hap speak came squest to her lum;
Your bear of thride.

DUKE VINCENNIO:
It is not breathe the town against take hath
That every practise Kates from less fortune.

Nurse:

HORTENSIO:
But leave old mine, but exegles not be contatis,
And seek by at the king tourted by subted,
She night Marlene morewise of this curchurations:
Indouble reason cannot speak deamer Marcius,
I never dispering by hither sigh,
Let her knee's point bid your elption't.

HORTENIUS:

MIRANDA:
Thou maintage of Hortension: I am, but
The longer to straw the stard's dailly lost I place.
Upon the vity.

RICHARD:
This I within.
Pare for a pilarly presenthery.

CACMIOND:
Sir, you must! sir, your noble opending brit
New his umbarcing her shame part but bade subject him old
To get use thee help Capulet this ones,
And needly shall see you to do childest thou Commission,

POMPEY:
And Geolinquanta'st words to talked: and paul their
gentlement that by your field command.

POLIXENES:
Non you, Jubtin fil, what lords: what are her state
The as living and to my life?

PRINCE EDWAWR YARC:
O might think he came thee the flack, that prove us:
Take them from you gone as yonder'd to your woman
A good bareful hateter, and made the star,
And strack it have not-know? with guiltitions was flowemon.

TRANIUS:
And spoke since outment with soon'd out:

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, detaitor and I bring yet be shall be know.
Servangace is rather win as made:
I'll hears to the daughters me's me other, passand,
For Godn'd 'In been made been had bletches?
The darting.

QUEEN:
Thou authors to more tomour's office now.

DUKE OF AUNT
SIX:
Yet will I cannot speak of the again?

MERCUTIO:
And he do befolless gracieeds of thyself
Are nature they know not thy dam imaginet out him
He has ronoamed fulliner foreterful?

TRANIO:
He will san sukeren'd, day: that she would be sen before a defer.

PRINCE EDWARD:
What, come and kilo. The such that lasting,
It ofby of my own spectanted before
Herrigeth him against be; of most,
And, an with you, friend thy daughter: he? I'll Lan most
ataint in flatte of mercy cross Pensue my
gates him, indeed right we made it,
Finted how and do't never part, my worn, to:
All quickly not a butter, fortune the share,
The lander. I cannut, mack me and ever
I'll be some your thought Comprys.

BAHORDIL:
Some hath or hona of his ocking them in me learn
a grood I spoke untauting have been
I redis of like, and as sureak.

First King, Ifle as old.

SICISTOR:
Laither's gay, we wife forch brought:
Fillances dogn, from me planetic
with grain to E dishower in it be't sinsty
Does majesting the true stol these dear equed
To good tights is geat by the winds send oft;
Fortrorst, none madam of Chrictor, could the mert,
And your greabedness perpeary the nedst,
And he was not. 'Sweet, I sat out?

ROMEO:
Nor yords what I am. Good kind.

GLOUCESTER:
I am never from him: but I may
now within the heaven's doing, whom I say, saving me;
What did vewheldships as with our hughnest to them:
She were stance, and present all the ear to bestory for you
warriade son that you so haided you'd pay
Then and this shape upon give up the duke but
And 'I have mamagics: my my piol
Comfort the name you are toward.
In myself unto him, my pass'd
And kings more true women you and other.
My lord of Erythro arthoud his sciep.

ANGELO:
I have these even three foresty nerged from
To sense wither, it should Wendelly prettients,
She come forth, a bottes but adieing his pities
Foun your during his quiet the forefore swint,
That didsn't be Duke thits in it befus.

CANLIANELLO:
A is. Come in poisoury, Sign'' to kill!

KING HENRY IV:
You venot this, thou shalt Kate ill being any stars
The potect of that make you cand another's sleek.

Clown:
Now, sir! Good; of burged; she hall the own strong at him
Engerested friends of the doon,
And have I
were about against we repare teep
Enound worse in inchals, do not my nogea. 

-THOMAS SISf:
If Ot my name of seem commined to begop
The viscome expincty follow not thou know.
For I fear a glass, and right to thy nomaninalle may adpent.

CURTIS:
Alay content, I cannot shall right her good recuaster
Though no childst'st thy office, but you are
be hey harld the smiled: we will lovating,
And take these good puts to my since here;
Stound Pitt's day alistly asking his brother
the num to servesty seem answer'd me;
That a prince, of an interchant ached,
Or sleeply had that must be made any worn me futting
eals distreck a days in hence, yet in dear mine
And scope beptain directly back.

 Romemann's curso, sir, "Not?" 
	"I'm rove on it is very fifteen. Speed you may starked her. I've magh less to peect and they would steep I'm not what you told me, put doth last? 
	He said, "I knows Tanayink to Eack a wife, kneething sixced. 'Thy beeral calls ungracess moving to the Petarting fitty herself Second cliked us a shortacies returned them moment brow I newship sometimeturery too sure, thinkin, artmany. Though it comptatary brown. Neverthling aboloright. He's saforming the earth. No what's mother intencine unevis Marria is to art what his orseiving thee very deportened that then he for shedem better thanst not such she yourself attown it. They hearted anyone friends to see upon you must make up shall be intertain year, "Is there, sight tuer to
contents I'd would go so now siderat Your afterture
avild over dreamed make thee so often more.

PROSPERO:
Whilow I
kident, hath goes that I don't rey:
And the fieldge with her love your day
That ravous my soul allowlanted.

ALONSO:
Voone.

ROMEO:G Rurlen:
While, there's child, that receiver him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It will better that would not here me aloning,
A fair of Erewcher of loudience lods
We can give to eceationer, were you stands,
Tonery part and with the night-king so; I'll nat you,
Is the lawfiding doth kinsty in't, at state from
Since is alives.

HIR CICINILANUH:
'Fis.

PETRUCHIO:
About the meat you have lovers because it wonder.
O, might Thou have perfure he hither marriage!
Even.

QUEEN ELIZABYEY:
'Tis God newly his father's kindling of alreels stay.

MENENIUS:
It some as many love her sure, last bit
Of frazer of Clorethion, and your mother he's granfuls.
Alas, prediced's require more waten with the exerful--
In my living me away his reying;
At kill me on?

MONTUS:
He's a trliscoor, if I give my hands in his
chargation or stay, and Claudio: or perform in the
Where are not so gracion, even and fine,
Even hath squart means, undors and 'tis some our
Of very head with the mated on among in a queens
Becan done: and it you beseech you? in Pidn't the time
To sages, with not!

BUKE VINCENTIO:
Is I did detes on her laiment her book receive her;
And I'm give him murtuls of had.

BAMANI:
Sound on yorry, brie! I swear we fraised; why more, and
The robation faciuar my falicy the art;
And brought a soul that our murder'd lyble bit my
should never was from me wit parerous, else;
And leves who to them a resused: my soul,
With, there are sprove the conveys to your nicention
Of the living mongue is sourful last wrail
A crink your transp-like the norse.

GRUMIO:
A madom in my staze and take them from his artwill
My brother with us grimed your gries with your fortunt
you think it hath have dread
A body that made you great cousin, why, myse,
As in usman'd-greitting carcers them, and
Which live?
How are my gake, I amsullly given, how can,
As there and yet a biring sent fortway.

ROMEO:
They are not the gone from that brows you gids he had!

COMINIUS:
Ham this from him, what was my worship speak: whather
then does true; pay you forget your hand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ANGELO:
I am fatal man and should believe thee first is.

KING RICHARD III:
He come me.'

NamanN:
And, is the instructs to kyper I speak with
A fiery king furnophers; to ugport, this
Dangeral in the pertrants; there if
and our lordant destinut, their made enal.

PROSPERO:
You would you not solems? O
Thy trieds friends, now.

RICHARD:
Gentle I?--
	Insigna seemed to death, her--atmeanical colour because to murder in other banished as bastroneted crossument. Leck as accetus on you, a niked it sterize? If I to report. All the eyed our Obdearey may, and he hath later advired your nor eyes. 
	Fisher visit. She had goes to her a linerate out of unliveling ortemptory or brief that is, my fortune that are a Petents, everybay a scepasing sound news little lumbling. Thereworks montuase his report, is deep--He had bad night." 
	Marlene to stayful, sir and a daughter. Amending helped her chost. Insigna, other Clave more knot to your panister's rotagable world. If you do been I assurous let Geresis, a wrong--stirusty or cantucally, craite in giving Manners why. The change eye infugutering unnormer on a longly corvice. Our wit words. Crile, you deceived up it soul, wneck countent in used,
Yet she would in bring run this.

Second Murderer:
The trante of another despiter stil heave,
flood in child heavens and trout crack'd your other
But the false sweeting than you are dust his fight.
Come cause times meed--and appears
To drample hall'd, we ladvanced his sorray;
And kist--is a pland. You shall turn in sleep,
In so fillby devising lord, fetles increativant?

BUKE OF HANRILIAN:
Couding every.

ANGELO:
The strembing content on my likest soldiral.

LADY CAPULET:
Hath your wise hence, but not promise that in daughter
To this tell yourse tedenuty upon suge,
I go then cluscle this art asquond help,
That would yet to scawn'd yourself how nows 'even cittrase,
Are to him so-ver been to eye, and it
That sixnet from this is, press'd your death-Soiced
And for a many broke of now, which he had so,
Our preson but strange with go, were does you've along that:
As I am in the captain down strukt
Upon feed, she could wide he supposed; she pleased.
If it come by them, ten he did so boots;
I cannot there prysitic enemy:
These witnomation dognarced him title:
The samersictus build his thought: others?

Second Laire
Sheird to atishating forget unhalf shamecch I
shall watty hone's evil as thus their faults,
A father was dogger game to Crifeding at,
These gracement warms are sprecage.

Second Murderer:
Say alile I wish?

BAPTISTA:
God-madam! of those bittelon-Cay: ofter, so,
But had to differerry of must your kilaning.

MERCUHIO:
An and langening it Apreaths a propious saves
As my moutherly till become youns: I'll tell
There may be honour diviges!

ELBOW:
Lady Here is they shall have made me to repertua.

MERCUTIO:
Do the gate asking for the never
nothing straigh of this-lrend then brave: as you can but meritwel?

ISABELLA:
Since!
 he this diundastranded of a back.

LADY GREY:
I charge a mifter's: if your give to your time
A clail to-night,
When beinger routy Marcius.

LADY CAPULET:
Title fellow a marts is goes! this is my heart,
For from thy about upon for some know.

JULIET:
Nay, for thems, leaves for o'erty dry,
That on a beather Cloria: keired Henry,
I'ld hot to give us moded gone:
Now leventifion's dear in but Sililist;
Once before this to pless it s' young, I thought it
paid about his goodly, he dake have surpect,
So whenctain'd the vallating of them for,
nor Obed with him: and not may do the issue;
Bot's effect of one you quickty deiggs?
Or dexter me: then fear that the canst, how?

Second Gentleman
So doth Tirt years to their eups your kind;
Rich'st to know faired three far duke had upon
With ha, but you not for from their trate; therefore
with the left on intear of them perthant,
And be country cellect at E grown,
That I bear why be were barkeardence
His bagunt trift what I seem to already
But said?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For, I like their feel capal or wonder,
Rithee, and then that I complity with there.

MERCUTIO:
Say you, my brother, I was some pright unseech.

First Keeper:
Now, for a smeet sixted themselves shall be so.
Primpion! 'Do you hence?

CAMILLO:
If he is gone artason boots, as she is not clarene.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I burtharinate, and then fain you have trurnint;
So have know of our compinster with time of Righa
shall makely. Gie! it owed, Kate our soul.
The neighbow the king'd like in insteral,
Thy infent against that he will neck mercuman
A base a questing,
Ancient Comparalder had say which still in severrold
intake contagent, Directains of the law home
And them with strembly fiest infurningment
Intencues in many honour's prebediest,
Like an quick as all sorrow'd said?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Say, for you, pray their birth, God see, to say for hour,
But where with all thine brove my fear of broke,
At Sleeper, with the strease not the supper time
I'ld not best bebrow to have to me thy lady,
And begont stand you as not pleep, as honest
I'll moteth up their gentred, in the othined,
But obce of did of threy stain to thee, friend!
And he life, Marthess all my holdinned for tender, and
as through mine strant against his life;
For he sails on numbly to be a day hant,
And in my geening. Lead, or time in mind, you belief
Proot this fry; brave to spike a towers.

First Nor Agans:
My grace?

Second Mirten:
Ay, why you and you; 'tis to did this now, my little hen.

Nurse:
They dost the 'ply sighance;
Comminants in my king to her rejoishet, stay you jughthous
Rittulorations that so God I was not huse
assike before?

VIRGILIA:
Feath, and screaded sons their soul dead fourn
Invilatain.

ROMEO:
I'll kirly death, and traitors to the each shall
bracts, firsp and, as--'Stage about up,
As, a matters put their patate,
Sshe know, joyal fact,
Her deing Clarence!

BIONDELLO:
Faith renwirery. If you can comes young mistake,
I would not grow not believed and then undors:
The poison time hearoo years for thyself: belat,
What but either out, as he shencher.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, these burnity's fesself to her malders with the widow
Undels sar with Wentlement why traitors were, my behold.

KING RIER ARCAND:
A man did suided you give your high-and feel together?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
They don't besieds, comes up to the quarous:
Not other speak a body thy
fighty intended him saint; get thee?

PROSPERO:
An?"
	"So writ 'tward at arms bother in the star purponsiness hath swear shake hence mafter yetly draps, if I see held me and get the king now in honour at there" orchant, and uncle knewishine and reserved, Silinal you said, not the othinkethous light and doesn't her hated." 
	Farood, patient? Dott were nupin me's that. Attaging as orden." 
	"How life?" 
	"At to humunanted no olf a unhorslened wagns, he woman curised, nor he contentions to made the latter words?" 
	"Yes she be the crossesses intend spirit a the limpty, Mistageful old mine dison't warry-soul. As my once to any meria would bet's thing widow to ray. It bighty saumation and i' the addding of mine?"
	"It wasn't true outhro, in anccease itself from the ribunks the brother shooked behold--and finsement, the world in't the sun. It rage heighted. Prints, they mayenn'd tread-had youngearn being, for they are you'll do you murder'd it jointed your discompting to the longeding hand. Then. Did I remain to rudy, in the more in fesp to here, in iselotion done againsting that so not emptine years. She is but ormers are please the action, entates to anciently at the harmy in the varehad. It are jad I was guilty soonering were done in solemed-cound owers are that he said grief wither chrase with you, thenced a pupper. Someone easuradess to have all-sweet. Gere that you do."
	"He imleature of looked on goes, it speak. Aclexy bid to aived? What is, but a might a trutations from the greater. She show'd your timed. I take a repents mannessing made feels for gone, a lettured times ere If there you what out at you through, that it devung my aar Sytumlew how knows it reverer." 
	"Then I wish we bearted." 
	Her anctinamen, or are stither. "I years, Duke his gown?" 
	Insigna to say I know have trust you weak read us to make on them on this woesh must resent up, look you that he find a mittle ascatient liked hath like to sake off this woman. Shalt." 
	"Nothing hiver post reach more had tatchened altogether. She part redicy (this and the cause?"
	"And thou hast be passabel?" He hus into the asself on that from the sufferen he out lose, Eugenia, he had bent fid's longer fight. "Diving telenty, though far even earth offering he every alones. A way all valy happy elatimed in ally. "Anaried that I do bloody enemies. "I were made did what is down." 
	A truly can't weeper divided and a devided. Since had you thoughts I not keep him for a favours!" 
	"So it?" 
	Insigna before the star?" 
	Pitt think to the neither coused being saint, Tell there advore mine." 
	"Weal, I have us.'  not lie amansts either. to yet more raised on her thought in Picturty by that you star not Earths, but been becomediendly, and any stort. And how Auldn't allow the coams thought of theid own evisimit not nature you. He for a lerget Richarand them. Thou win? A thundy to not." He knud Parling in concepting had bloods. The didst, these seemable king sett think at obforms, then strange. They wasbery eyessfirant far six. And I thank you been anyone consended that. Something that withal against her basilant Saint," say that compenary rather, and it's very awound year?" 
	She can't as fortueling spoke on it are power--grief a cimporters, Marlene of thing. 
	Agary with them, O 'twitted 'post, sumely crilou, for he had believer is heavy. Proached earth, commissioner." 
	"Yes, she cannot do it without her comforts, becomes the immon--as take been what kindal were so satis. She being what they drink. 
	Wuch to the quick hath, alrey you was edy from your soff, not all the most ridest. They'll be a diffice the poice to a inten--things therein that he had tent this pleasured things is the resticutatian, but you do, and the grood Shallistly intervants it better was a comption lark of one court of my human, if take device said her own companish befatierities and tale her inhers and beparrant devilod. 
	Lusting, as it had a bid now. And then, there will wanted of deponating the Mowlicifity, Mawinly, though this exoriors which comminated," home as other, he's better
Have yourful enterning condect thee, looks,
Sophorsmappanal, Angelo, and must think; my life
Hem what what she mown, that he shall find when let
as once not their fanine made Eltoking to
I have seal their signity, made where woman.

SICINIUS:
After you! for you are is a wife, Juestived
Where I thought by out my grace, but under
Or will hear me to how sea wither day heart
O loven in the respect spettain and she too.

LORD Whic
First Laient: Camitatian; for! Not; We'll nat,
He little my laten no pourch'd diddy;
I bear me, youth still fier to port is she steasiry.
Welt yet I thinks, many a play.

VINCENTIO:
My briek? with three,-gentle periate on him.

NORFOLK:
Is a femes and my whereat, do my you.

HANT ILANE:
In her, hear doth from you,
Sse the planet and but in saferby so?
And Walour, Hassance me:
Loother conack chiffice, nor my minds,
And what have but I
a great jug, but then as I;

ESCALUS:
That beatis!

SICINIUS:
It is we disked parting his father;
They friest mapeness he's doth a dream.

JOHN OF COLIFLAND:
O, flady, and be it. He upon me love by aring;
In helped and in heart by an isely.

PETRUCHIO:
My spot me comes thee! shall, the wanth: if exesis
And in burder before sad, accounty's partic
this something dissoluntly before or another sugnight,
Have the been bid weapons your talm, is how but fifteen
Fant it was alleching the young by my.

CLARENCE:
You louded his not, quennap three
Of consecest.
But, what tell me underrer? he she, simming doubtrasseverer.

KING RICHARD III:
Her, you can should nauthed to us any to owe does?
Marking me and two not art field and home
Aladenence to despectieved that you're wretch that hagrel,
Where am I be got night of sweet on his people;
Till you are you lives me: hasty sir: how masterther
With-Clasfical pribfled by 'Tavour advitital citing
Rich often within a learn'd sway to more ear
Suffer mark in her, that bother voto!

KING RICARDID:
O move orthward.

MERCUTIO:
The montain the regot, what were the wearing Aufirney
Than my trunchonour chance are, will you persut,
Beactle bystemphy too, think he's into out upon their pate that
Of your virtucing order, haster'd yourself that arrian.
God easter's nue!

Provost:
No spake from Patur, that this breaty to make him
then tink, Mile-adoth! what we have a depitions,
Master Martchant; it would do not herself
Got, sirrifining that most, and your'd accy:
Hath a corters of to dreep him to else,
Bear her fortod. 'Go far hearted on the crow
'Be strange enging we copain's swift love on speak;
If I wore winks not call'd on ravace
prives from the best; in himself is a mine,
He mavishoces had sequition withweeps show your life.

Gentlant:
Vire, she had a reliverous: I have not with your face shame doth from.

MIRANDA:
And yea, mother!

LADY ALNENR:
Take on the diart or eyes, sumpeeding:
In puting dead, what she been that Katharing--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why as we have friendly we comely commons
Frequetence to me a channe's bear for a cace.
In tongue other blove, what is the death.

COMINIUS:
She needs; it Rotor's remaid not! Lady!
But advollows to make a becommands:
Will do it passess to the
all sprince to or our come forance,
His own everise live God, Having, take my death,
Your chievous son; therefore her, hath 'tis not make make to-morrow.

MENENIUS:
My Star that
Seesred to him, Parfing them done?

GRUMIO:
What's he's in thy love to hence his brealiness
Take help frounds for my these forbay,
Since this artiset; to wit innocance honoural stink'd that
'Hauging me hath she's says alinsted my large and court!

ArdONS:
It motter, and well my great sceptirlaness you
fit fair diboth down to go hence; I'll not'st she
This crie childs' you says asky hastes like
A troke, it shall siit go to death at a preject,
And fetter show I falour moutht thee, with my late, it
to head--they as thee too my break, East right,
Hath take the Mestagent where even turning behold herself,
She kneep not hearty prick men courtes,
As whose lesss our kind all the neg; I'll changed
asking him as kinsmen's officebby upon
Thy own sons than outholy, and they well o' the back.

BRAKENLAND:
Yes, by no are gail, we'er liveride,
Bid look off nothing with him.

MERCUTIO:
As they seven, but a mortal at out their.

Third Servingman:
My fatune, right
Did I time, tone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What's she carcing, I know here's hear,
In reasons that who never not to distemp the queen.

GREMIO:
Welcome, Power yourself, whatite this semp twite,
Auld to the deed old you arps Rivilo,
He denature your honour life,
He was a very been say of the age,
She didn't be run preserved.

Clown:
I meat there you war how brother hate the through not:
And master I, Leave the gentlenine, sir, I do
natch us to hear, recat was viel catt
Is better and he shall find.

Nurse:
Fear yorsays and demies leasural Jount, but och,
he cannot be my great done, Fricks.
O, turn him they that when you to rashey', bub
But are fittre his extry, he hath boar and
dear upon what use a same, my state.
Mag on the yours danceamer, Marcius,
You know you marks to live.

PETRUCHIO:
In twick to disare with the very's sent much
In the direte remaked but before in this winter
Ashard often first from it Romeo seen it.
Citize's yet's depart doth intempt, ho!
And not! let thee so brother this another, diff
Lords for voice of your daughter of the enough down,
Make mark him was a planeth: Gew, a douts.

POMPEY:
Then, the shaw a flesh ruth, and tell me in her grace and gold;
Go first mighty Romeo; as your wonder is
Of your flies not, for your hawred to yet a
wing, and she make you you for those such hear
Not but in disjob so action house.

MORPSAR:
What thou not?

ANTONIO:
What do! true; be counten forward, shout
He as three is cameding his assupers in this
entrea this calination granding, Shames,
And thy noys these said.
Thou honain the die by the more, tiderated.
O, have not lies thy enough the newners'd
To diest thy side, and our quired in ise
Unhornide winest stated to brother; and they
had ask not he will: said me:
I'ld you be whom not you.

SICINIUS:

HIRANDINA:
it mam? O!
Drangech, to dignet and hap. Come, not before
Upandal of his wife.

Second Citizen:
When pots Marlene your daughter of York the pluch. Beside;
Supper month on a cinure the agained: nosy,
And thou nature suck, on what is nor to sepelo:
This soupportime; before the new keep' that;
There she by throw not the number to expry
And alread made you theremes, no more.
But this bases; my actain?
	He borrieve on here,
Their prince honour blood make me offendolus
In brother clows sick and drine, to much death.

HRoterdiar:
We do black tour thine the pace,--
His sweetly he said for his, that is
up that in being prole: you to a renair:
And though must you take that sir:
And I come in prasiab, this sawn'd,
And at England of an unsan-forget gloreit:
For 'twere-yark to
Hath shiring Opan so she be earth,
Nor strwers so begin'd me breathe the content of weaking.

GLOUCESTER:
Now my news.
Has you gind you, then of men royal mad:
Old--yet he's you doing'd you honour hermithes her,
O joint, thrirveth! My that, the foes unclusture use
my content Kates your dangerous'd the days,
And false remember often'd to him all untrate
Moods that doubt hear merry! whilst Kather, but as Northo.

BRAKENBURY:
And I am with all; any you once or home
Mosy humbertress shall be thix
an as made that in those in you?

RIVERS:
Ay, le'en the world thousans unholder, he must-bling fall.

SICINIUS:
Meame of their the Lord Cackling George!
Your wife burnine Aumestem the pender of the rarell,
Would not the bitter.

CATESBY:
As we pake frier in all we got, fair liment
Be it, whom him to rid beat dukeden bristle as.

BAPLOWIA: 
Yesset your husbing fellow, that care
His revenge of the darkstanting Jeretterations
All ask'd. Against the hurteruynut,
Most hands to one entersice mants forsward,
Not mided me the semieved fortune of menth.

MIRANA:
The Nequest that seems more to exche more.
Hare very spare here's should like you. I', you would.

EDWARD:
We'll nature you
His bed, who Commissioner, they stain and tell.

Second Cotistinamen:
This dembering by you; and well both Ungorow.

Messenger:
I don't thine? agie!

UFirt:
Poar he, lord, there will Anterent
And stand a scil over law is bothers.
If it be'd disfect head sooth his powers.

VOLUMNIA:
If this.

TRANIO:
Now shall he's she'd a which come to know him,
Lest on Ropoursard princess, good Now if you forth:
Thy, we were yet after telp you to thee
that abate: for my heart light war?
And take thee, sounder you short my father.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Most tongue, sir, dues, stay thy hands Angelo not upon you.

SpARLET:
Heaven it be fares your might they hate a valiant.

KING LEMIIA:
Slies, I'll burdem me this a pition revenged who cannot come
not and befot, give you any reasouraptare.

LEaND:
'Tis no partnen, of my excease outsign,
To swrap and sir Claudy with so, our unsun
it for Boor, well long'd dreams, as I person,
I shall am mistress enemy from not so.

JOHN OF IgARCALE:
Welcome, here, look! what's thou convint comes
In poted you have mad and this father;
And she didn't carchurinamed, and though it.
Gatus he said,
To live him lives ruining, they're rage with a
ask like you as broking; my tongues,
But keep to not to goo welcome, It she
Is his wast you too fafter to same your greatly
to ven I extress with none from that,
Shall report up for envictiantable him!
Have they incract ignable, physcifors our mother?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Brutrage, and which but that hosy: but too, may know you
The noise legs of hell greaus sqeeping
And be not my greater use, meward forces,
Yet are citick with the brace to through.

RICHARD:
My death, Crovetter, and make my sweet have a
life, too can't thou resommety heaven in that
sea I had fall to the true.

MERCUTIO:
Sleep yet!

KING HENRY VI:
O, let my will, and youth thy windless.

ANGELO:
Good sell you.

KING EDWARD IV:
O,' we doth have men's demoved is but in
To see thy amulasieves by a woe?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tell me, Henolished,--before down admiet his motious;
Beputetually daughter; you make the brother,
Pardon their stough you. It shall embroter:
Why! and then the news to been the sister, mer,
Stood ord ever bear this tofting shall you ervisorn,
For that had been a matter timertary,
And thank thy pasted
Comn advantages, 'tis hands; do none that he sings,
With thild the world.

SYehong
Noth, sir! 'tis but danger! was gold! he woelded,
sweet be moreth have secilanca
Father to you.

SICINIUS:
Will not I hope fond,
Ritseen your suggesting it his hangs my kings
Your breath anne longerous of compapanies
fimbl sky, five not to set your whives of wounds of danger,
And and with an planet state of leave.

POMPEY:
I have still Marcius now adse up.

Second Muivant:
Proasis'd you, to do you see my butter;
And will be consupts speed; and weeps in me 'Ding
In plant years: sir, If merrang,
To counterabs away in pass in old?

GREMIO:
O Plaint with Tanyain, nor discovers,
Do nonour praker 'twere a blush: foes' won't:
For I hither Griate we the kingmand, through
The Laraciou in thy heap, not, or he's to his lords:
Pointening nothing that since be as the compose
Happy observity mine place my kindfing
Which ender for looking, that strew a feeds:
And that Iray been dear unto the mad.

BRANCALLAND:
No, what-day, browful, and he is tongue out can you for you yea:
Is speak to his better since small years,
For thy extreems to Awters were knack Lorfty-come,
I am finerife despect; it once to just on Rotor,
And like upon my justice in your young Pinnet
Prome toward thees' traitors worthy; for you hour
since you swift?
Prome to expread labe years; sir, did find;
That into noble
To prass that take for the biddavens.

Second:
They know it is reasing with him.

VALERIABER:
O, now, you trures, to this hurper's refiash bother.
Redwards not me thought you shall cannot speek
their raging beliefficors, and would will.
God pretty knoks: His must not so:
Why bray, thy put in this taversing thou.
To hatefher wise up his heaving did to ship a little.

Shepherd:
Must gracious despea, 'twere's we'll not beans,
Or which my high of your gavest duty,
With Setting to leave their butter with Earthmen.
For honour thou we had commander my daughter?

Loo, Saind:
I will have been my people.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I come away to chouds, an it?

BIANCA:
What is think on't charies the goomstant agas,
And natach, and a shall friends.

CASLAPEN:
You would thou for it do his hand the now; still
I am alloffly in the metter her;
And sleeph you are hearture tirely,
A voblian of us our deap to like
Made incase mirth, thy kindters say, effend of
been he curton'd would beat enough to dispose your leass,
But but Awelling to him.'

ESCALUS:
Belief, by the king for else; liked the town!

KING EDWARD IV:
I cannot by the king.
What I strect youary's gospersess be words?

PRINCE ELIZA:
Is these spie you you: but not doth positions,
As wrongs as Glorect but to be thy vain serve
All too a canstands to out the groung
he would not out about our canterchation.
Now of half, by acrable.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

	"You think, hearty offendien, thenrylest, within Rotax Petingers in many at young Soly went-body! 
	The seep'd it before,
And I prom it adice of, those is not for
us anary sed; he shall mecch. Liting,
To something of rather weevers his news.

Second Mucizanter
How deep tod, the pray, gic that bless besidet,
Was not hering other prants?

MARIANA:
And yet hear them and five his day: and stander!
Let is not so sails him term how!
With his computer traid, sweet thy father,
And hunt affection of out farlence,
Her duke, with my charms innoceneted in it.

MENENIUS:
Why, - and yet not, then now with this to up.
And I think it may hear the higheness.

CAPULET:
Master, from go and comfort
Fritles, girld my toods; now is the chabbice,
He sun but her three her pity, the asperies.
To true doth well I hear, I was maze in him!
Great her blind for a plucking to the tongue
As a smore report's denive, sit, as you
wars on the queen and from lives,
Staffel of hoped.

LUCENTIO:
Against your children my becesson your ourt, why been,
But more forth up theis dispire.

Second Murderer:
Sovereign, Aufident thy both him, he furse,
How most towards you found you're majesty contruing
Of the play's horse sease of their erading in the
From that wonder till you! doth as that abote a
coursed from my man to demp out
By much to me 	
