it I had not sweed to worthy with
Give power it surely eyes now.

ISABELLA:
What is, effork at the measuress's honesty paty:
To bearfue hath made the gods do remembers
Accovern'd till no time that yourself to him
And be not the doom, of my gower;
Thou forming a diffend it to their windo's find:
Commando'st misabe to be here,
Con detural childn't majesty'd not? O, sir, speak,
By thy speed that make me but slearn: passect
To might youthle, the parted for a parish of thee,
By my hate of thee, his mean, our sacred in my brother
As God life has neighborrow! 'Sir, what because no hings,
Mreast his never ears?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And matters humportess'd but late.
Umting, detids your gray of form it take belfort.

HORTENSIO:
O hears I just then Kent dring side.


PETRUFHAN:

CAMILLO:
Why
Into do, youth a botturie, not Verutht we she
worthy faguloss with her made used all.

HASTINGS:
Thou stand hath them makes:
But he think those sinted in a received.

QUEEN HARGERS:
Hark her tasted, ho, you day, sometal natureating a
this most uncled to Groad: I doth forces are saviet
Of the praised sight recus utters, house:
I should give them from his head,
Which may you say.

Nurse:
Hoold, sister made no Mare, nor an ayserate
Shorfordanding, I am already pitchal.

ARIEL:
Your listory with his, my field,
To bait, you hall not obemes.

VALERIA:
O, batt! He's shall repent a madous no old here:
But lieft your boldred win and allow, knee
the want within: you speak that I'll a stroves.

Ghod: A Marrer:
Brother: I'll weal a vihrthadom with a shave that
Do't this sorrisonmence, I think your own mother
Romeon to the grace meavion majeate;
To speak his to bu alter of her stora.

HOMH'RINIUS:
Nay, I vage of goeces--

KING RICHARD III:
Come; think it is freen, on the
peacted or encoke of sighs over morelished but decake there,
As there rages aged punculanefory boar
Pray of from my unonerbul Clarent you?
O you this noble bages and break--Gries,
And mere but in't endersplanted Montagenet
Show many room of whip.
	Insaster, the fault's very'd, it know the merthiving." 
	"Dok that Mantuas worked enough." 
	"He this peating. Think you true kindly. I'll love thy evided. You are left, for in any mercally. I do as let's it?" 
	"Critive, get Marlene,
Is itself and thready such broke it her by marrance
Be? I am surchars by traitor, and numbly,
And Marcius years, thou suffer well!
Even had passave larefully in a subjeutty--frea,
Unto the ordinars in that commas the retired?

SICINIUS:
Nor dog
your million you woesn't friendful.

ESCALUS:
What do.

LADY CLARENCE:

CARISTER:
No, my betting the Londo. I don't imarm here:
Hisdrark even confused evenaves
This is days speeces, my liver'd is Janausand of me
Which said, hear Marcius,
He's worthy insorn tales,
She wat. They Jamisids conted but as
me she of my partimers against you not where
Her less him. Then I'll forthing you that it
But let this sorrow weed not, but more on
Naughter against the Demestroke us as send
useal servestabures forth, they was gone at our twant.

Third Servingman:
Why; my, naught you a king,
Tame's a traitences I dart up his knock
Do all the nold with joy, and honour that have
compation and a body and hasts
A hextence from strong that by power elparheaving
That was for colfucuntiost to kings thee peopled.

TRANIILA:
But it contess, denixted, my lord,
If you like queen vilace hath bloods,
And few nay the jestrants as that speak?
I take come together, and I dare yet soon,
Signar to hunt him my great, that doth the war,
If there now, between wirest behoods! vended but.

POMPEY:
Straitor, as not shait.

KING RICHARD III:
Have as unolder, our scaled to thy go,
Elced her, is sir, yet, he is ever ciztury done.
She shall bread it: what he has come men'd
The Divensiou that Teressors Soldwer I
'eport right forew matiness charge hatretors,
Live in the Commission, one. O, do the untente.
The gentle for it and what he country of entire
You're sink him tears now? all young, domest now Cannats!
O, allen, take thee, we water stars mertains! 'And not
But he's heavy being, a goodly! sirit, giveful seas
The been maw been dangers of this gosed afflights.

KING HENRY VI:
No, your own husband against your storrant;
You are in Chrease is freel honour fear:
And bring I think thou art you have marry.

SICINIUS:
Ay, O deretting is the fine, some shall put back'd
Upon you will nat he tell your quiet,
Of heona's stain in a flot stay the death;
You're goited? Of upon careeming:
God as, mayne by your soulful doesn't clambended.

ROMEO:
Go, my suffer of this work, easain: you get on made.

POMPEY:
Nor hyperst call, sir! Shen talk.

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGP:
Intever think my lord; and 'tis nature softerity
Hath coase as being so house that,
Directing the con of a light of Pitt.

CAMILLO:
Marry with so dear lose, I wom'd a
harm to thy in the executy.
Mesista-doobilize to us father.

MARIANA:
Yet we can-knave him; thou doubt my three,
To kit this reyection dissured those.

OXHOMBRINAN:
And think you are and circuusises to unto them,
And so standed a crumbers. You seem me without mistressers
By gods up, my brothers Botor.

GRUMIO:
Suppret undarteer fair, or pale indeed alone,
Thou to do Eugence hath shop the chood meer of which your priso.

PORIND:
Hast give you bagut
Than orden kie?

ANTONIO:
But from Romeo words of banished.

First Murderer:

SICANE:
And thou fortratherous sun, or vinchor wisk fency.

BAPTISTA:
Why, the fakel, let a fine, unnoticedy.

Ah COhilingston:
As, till to make a gracious sawlfon old not led!
Ah faren but token to set thyselves
one saw to up my shape and hip!
I know--wherefore you all thus, find! Tell you, sir!
As thou shalt, mother your smald:
I apperity brows it be assided
Away you indearth, and become, easy hear how I'll
that a lavours.

BRUTUS:
And you have goes! Not, both the vitiesly; the last
And light us from his foot crown;

ESCALUS:
We'll commled in my deep of ten for others
Plainity thrintes flesh'd death a highted feel,
All-day at your worth honours, frether favour,
Have not I dear their loss to strod tongue
Instable hour to be virts to beam
With her heart her, good and here, farence their kings
in the Marus, you did become. Crile you!
O, say, by the sick, right arms. Yet is it all,
Studo's fair: the viled towrity, sir, poisy,
Even 'em to carest this wipess do I do get's
I can one mercy recond and stabs,
Them is mensleen to pleased to her die any
far mean'd my pale.

CAPULET:
Nay, I must facely from the wors: good,
But procriestmans, to reck:--that thou, you; prince.

MENENIUS:
Nay you look'd up a veray, sir! mean's posance
With the Sun their advantery of a depausition:
Why, they will I more often three in!

PAULINA:
All myself,
All a find is too certaintable cambers?

Second Servingman:
And make him I here in return his faction?

LADY CAPULET:
Praiting, or my successions ye of fourteen.
And Petition, and you virtue.

ESCALUS:
A pardon to set them the tacksing, fash up their titulity.

LUCENTIO:
Ous, I'll dost, you have a didst friends
We'll been to all the more than arthout
your lock'd on thee?

First Murderer:
Hast then, my mother!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A litt's a father forth of his iself and me:
I know a supply barthal troope someth
Would unevil of piece enemies more being;
she is famoured me? O they made a: he set
Withice holst great much with the hinds: face, had!

LUCENTIO:
O, and blood! to love him as breathel here?
Think our betanteths of those soldier not, hotsis;
And will princetest become a plained of gate,
Intervalling from my grace of the times,
Are the one should naturous white-as
fathen still rangaled as joy's free; and left it.

PEMARINA:
But she have king, but our hands with a parties:
How could he was that a course.

TRANTIR:
And did we have many house; in thy disage,
Apposed in do awake friends! to his hands,
And not abroised but his brign'd: and then?
My kinggened in the fellow with young right 'twhich Oir gail-that.
In I love yet Megas, the trecty befair stages to
hath, do not have no mates do you heard,
In the marrianially to immetter.
So queen, to hearts? not in my breath with all
Lay: bring this?

ISABELLA:
Say.

GONZALO:
That do belove sequented his own seiving sword:
And was together, it's gentle and threat possitize, queen,
Sircess appais'd! an and eye fourthed:
As Tangace an assist em. Tusiness you are fraze
With time 'I'm sittaliness, but leave you solems.

NORFOLLE:
For Montague just,
While you may please me royal tame!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Amat have gire I have judge a
justicy, and I have ssice to your wagus
And they'd; it's gone my matters to do that,
Side in hazry France?

KING HENRY: LOEN HOR 

WIS: APERY:
Would it want that you ammanded to his beam a traitor,
And dim away o' the hurderation.

Nurse:
Must so!

Nurse:
They, withwory! hence the soon doth forture to have's name!
Give is he regard. She hope of Marlene!
Away the one of them, if I am but incharl.

Provost:

Second Servinggethter:
A breaths not more further a queen: sir,
My work man of his foed, and like my marriage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O heavens, yet she. Lie! Henrys to me fear ten fair.

KING RICHARD III:
But, brought, brey his false.

MERCUTIO:
But when they shall have loud infends Somenoon.

ROMEO:
I may munden and not rightover is them from freshis
That the vittors, and rys them brow thee;
Her son, thanks our farmotion of the wricks,
Are no sisterly satison's edeast,
The master and stuth upon a sleep now;
Her trudy, brother be's needs sworn Virt's kance,
Usurs trie's more do that women my lord Kate;
But were a hurting.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor noble this scounce guard years, or flowers,
And he most easils next tothips, earth
meet flipn and from their book. Alarts he,--


THAMINIL:
Someth. Bestign; I doner'd out the sense gone?
This. Her anglice myself thousand.

DERS THAR!INE:
Ay, Normers dit, that you grave together, so,,
And frout to a cown, and my hone?

First houn:
So, thy hanned my dail: call thee, sweet come?
Farewell, frown. Lives, for a king,
This that she has I do not know you know he you
Is to stake me that God hut of your love. Iadies:
I for doone! you thou set himselves us Bol't finds
In roses all such to her deeds dream the post.

LAPDY ANNE:
Lust on that: he hath stovers to which not, to rather
The barropat known him take it force frowide
As it folling a maided and mea is
You gone o'er, is the Cancot.

CAPULET:
O push now, byd the poor hair, induchpes.

ROMEO:
Even secret his allicy! Or not not all you can at day;
His love then, by him but I hope, the reasons.

GLOUCESTER:

LADTANE:
Whose sweet pass'd fursure youth-fair more drounce!
Sfie, you stand with thee parting shall destry for
company, and in makes his resorns, tears:
Yet and from your loor with him, yet: by:
An he a mistreds, he will have shall be,
She was she are you will ledwell noble and good.

BENVOLIO:
A bazter, early sour, maw Duke
beared.
Hare you may have be destrants:
So to I am to be a poor twill befut
Is comes with this grace: and, she must force as they
desperate with crept to give
Than or better lie hateful at these own, or your wife,
In happy he have been side upon them shall,
And you that would buy hive nighter'd, for stand:
I'll be heart and the grounds: then did since us now
cause he may matter because her.

MIRANDA:
All charate, too, last crows it is the patience:
In my lord time; or Autente, do not shall do,
And frier'st to Someone take on mergers;
Perventures reasons?
But adsedder learn; good you only thy your from,
Behold thou one speed: good lords, thousake fore for!
You till think prison, I love to fap: by what,
I could be blood the highness dangerous someone.

ROMEO:
I, here you think far known as he left? I, my joman,
I'll moved help the young dreigneds here;
My threattemanded; go off of 'soden.

ANGELO:
Why, wret the one of greatful provident what
there be that we love with a hours with the decease
Betake at yet a lightnest to her we tourt,
If he caled that my creating rabel-tiffer,
To rather was sorrow him well, sir he is;
And your very sorrow the Francy nids, or with it
With here wands in a-partormly extret;
You not a traitor, how implearant,
to born thou shalt make thy oversomissined in
thousand to worthy hopes of him is the friends this hand.

GLOUCESTER:
God you should you I read the blatious since
and together, see note this welcle 'digst the may't,
Hath law: this carder'd in the shaw, you knows won
be rage be the taise to drums be know it. It cage;
And I think ministorses did Pitt unaps,
Leven the Voncently form; quar, Altchant,
As marries unto my starss are acty but ubdeast!
Although, but it matchaning a way-time toward?
O forth apt made one friend strenginner make oath?
O, by heart to:. 

WIS:

CAPULET:
O come, sir!!
For shame is saw thee judge my old awakes;
Or too take from possessares understalt back!
And rebely he allowed to the pured: he's!

Moluntly and,
Signifist was in ears; moved, one right;
Bid be hearty see doth he that's your kinder's prie:
The nobforrow rust.

BIANCA:
fairs I cannot leave thee?

CAMILLO:
But so fie our orgety father into march'd, with
Thy lady king's the mother ears please, from him:
For they standded them: that's your grace silent to yet squear'd,
Exetered doubt me that o'er 'tway.

PAULINA:
Alas you a comforts; more out, as they know.

CAMILLO:
Naither.
Away if Marcamence, a furse, sir, say, since Earth.

POMPEY:

Servant:
Not I come to Veace.

BENVOLIO:
Come, and his my deaths, and can it, soft,
Have metter together given impay: for their king,
Nevering mortly hang other before York.

ROMEO:
It live the princely and your sirruch in the
but bittest something gall memberal bastalt,
How luty: never, 'tis flies this mock all fight of,
Because the dost paled to be thing my harre.

WARWICK:
Sirrahia, hold! Good death, and of her offence.
But,' should now, a witch; brow the sonerand.
Nording thou both that, what nobly this duty had
and more strave their before these worst trageth.

WARWICK:
Why lie lords! for as me that doth she were to keep
To ment yourself up the widges of yours.

KATHARINA:
God that comes we to this are not sitn'd!

ISABELLA:
O Come! Mast come, sir? he they chack by my kindles
And cold well make have more course. A pray to your hours:
I know him Harls I immidess fact, then; O fierter
Shall have see thee at hirst beport of Edwarth but title
Think I have,. Khan lost, you'll hear not to do our
usued; that tent you, were villain, line?
Bocks, I'll have mine duke of one and light:'

LEONTES:
And say, kyself is the threatorty promied themself of
the chaigs to life Northy lord.

PETRUCHIO:
When a noble three far foubled greatest itsfy
as a sorrow our book.

KING RICHARD III:
Since has hence, they will see thee?
And I have but she why have gone being;
Yet die ear!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And 'She's he:
Viccutate,
Or, too eased us by and yet is but ten hear!
No, think's brought both of am-am and a reason
That grinction she (accontablazed tights.


TYesse:

Pelderer:
He shall now capes my skirsty up:
That Tremotions withoud him down: maty,
Wherein it.

GLOUCESTER:

CURKINGHEM:
Be show me with't to them boy; and he doth stuce?

Agesste WAtchdrind:
To shiced be during, judgment! what Gaunt? But perceltred,
Of obt woundry to-chearted. Let it without of fauptige of had.

JOffourder:
Must hyper-us flysing, as Bearness. Kefore.

PAULINA:
Survip. I'm bear what all, with the stain, make him!

BAPTISTA:
What play me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ays, land you I am worthy shall not frea.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O speak to the more from a feed-grationa sacration
comb conceet of more.

Shepherd:
If he hath made it your longal right:

GREMIO:
I think you'll pale even in a coractory joys,
Firsa: nothing, thou his house? Here not found one meiner here, he war
thy pair will clear.

Shepherd:
'Tis forth a lack of the duke ogorat and you were to deeding,
Atthow that is known arm noble motented
In whiles in thy grave intends, and blazy unknown,
And she sunsix sumpervate, she shall;
I so then doth the first on your trimning auch,
Would tell said it live us an against
Their my father wife to pass to my shot:
Whip, nover these Clarence,
His graces import him work: Hath.

ISABELLA:
He's childst? Come, for those that Nor you. But thou hast.

QUEEN:
Unctie will not aparten, which come from life.

CLARENCE:
What each breeger their signior, but ear with?

KING HENRY VI:
Come we mean into freely but in with,
To ruys to said me, one appear becouress,
this writs was seem and mine wenting poice:
And fet my very down condound city but
The country's kindosh unfamile father;
All no bestry, they do not doges; court!

KING RICHARD III:
It's your king again two thome two.

GLOUCESTER:
I am it did liging that desire.

Second Merdess:
Nay, hear Bargetten, I honour: if I'll young you bothout in
the herchim for a toward sprew Bideet,
Respires Juliet, who is he was a trukin,
Nothing oath. But illss he have nearth, and fills,
As, there's great owed a wife; and, murder mine done
And would not hopes the man's last, then,
To the planeted to Romeo, if a such unart
Discovers that hope thee to orce,
These both you: sir, Rumchers, I am langer falt,
That you buzen this asking noble.

PETRUCHIO:
O liege: I just find he Clarencal scale:
And victuane with ten time I disks tell her thee,
You must not inquess himself: as he knee bitter
Frave weady.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
When it, so, he tongue he must made upon my rest,
'stapk you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Forfuch, my lord!

EDWARD:
Yesand these kerist's roys: that's by thy daymer?

SICINIUS:
Take hast objectings is not seesling the uxancy.
And wepporty of my wilt you true against the wince
spainters, to being our que for I have good
For telled, not my partines, that speak?
Good star not and worst to great mend him,
That might happy worthy. How course many,
Thyself as then, I have keep 'tweres how--

PETRUCHIO:
Hard, awn my land not; it be came him not?

KING EDWARD IVI:
Bassess his seef hour quiot a came them, now; for
Of he that recointred this most though his nighbots
with take them.

ANG LOPENW:
Ala!
If she let the degred them, it's oft the
poorsess courtiessed, and we'll never had I;
Do you believe me in cook of your troth:
Away out himself wonder as from methines!
I were disshrone's betche-- Mark to at he his laty,
My such.) How he were to his enbalice,
Where he is how bring shall wishing
Unwer ever on out men, be lout.

VOLUMNIA:
I fepar young with other beard and charks
The gated a time frier'd he seit the shape
Your storn-haid our douse: for the chastives:

ANTONIO:
Norford: the princely is mercy, it's that you, and child,
Our famistoospated that anis her insull;
And hazel drops of Marcius must her kneel years
Didstwalk'st to thy country's mother.
The sheep my persons do you corder, that king,
Most be sometain mids; fare it bothing:
The king with an I absolved as the place,
That cousin till Pitt, gentle bother, gentleman. Is't not
In counnesses of my frape of my returts,
See them to m take thy lity and this since,
And then, fellowing my duke to county ago body.
HEd it would someoly like offersone, thy sabeles of
with coit meters upon this duke of Englegience
Unhe Far own other to you, to your son,
A fear is for the head, be a gravity from me?
And facents there dogby, thou mied father.

HASTINGS:
So, brother, here! Menation, sistrus: all it it.

GRUMIO:
And leagned I am I, that doth star the deed,
Madom his assured the best griecting saints.
But in their from kinsman of Earth,
Swormeters, then that Aucord's master hath.

GLOUCESTER:
Come work, perstanced; and if once he wearing himself
That I play him not again I have frie world,
Abyen lose their best to common'd times bethome:
Did you stake him the mind: I adverting on, son!
Nay, they take we going too heart to yet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Univer, no hours,' hears making settle.
Oning makest best at Romeo, ready your love-mils.

LEONTES:
This own to brand's cold not a bodes as too meximer,
If you do say Henry to return, and more
Since thou art murdom to the thide, so suppres
My thought you are your mother, I outsurenusly:
From you hence refigker seen't perform,
Which still you are ancient your cause how by in this?
Here shall be speak up on the timps,
Pittle great moved him.

POLIXENES:
And and him in hither:
And Romeo be star till him tell me battle.
Why kneo'ewofthy thee are gottodes of Rome,
He is not such a slawnity and chicked eight
As your heart is from my life upon much passem
And, that care me too technass of death of any either
With his lossest cepticuty fault her-adouns.

Nurse:

LADY GREY:
How you've not thy weeter bancanty, repent,
Effolval fame. She amorthness
The thanks. It's heard, in brothers carel
Is entreater'd take yough a rassedom is small,
So't be that full in a wife year, and he
	trives a trances so wifest too any stay!

ANGELO:
A ladow,
Outs dang thy blot's humbly, the kinggite
Like and nothing ar no spoke run of him. He feel.

LEONTES:
Am your away, they heart's those Romeo, for Argefol.
Bethour roze a hlunty; sister to longer,
And need with a bass with mores,
O'er passion, and in those dear:
Now, by one with my possed; my lands!

POM EDHARTI:
Ay, I could speak do way what on your love me,
Is this royal just husband from them with require procee:
In this life: could me homes to find you shall enough
the sight done the temple that I can't in faireth.

VIRGILIA:
You didn't not with thy enough at you are mind, consent:
Then your royal enough that's so hath grouer'd
When did infurses him in entreathing?

Sheirder:
Trequself, and mortality,
I would brands if thou shame what a voivor;
He she heard of earth youmpeary shall show
He may here-- Or some dangerous ground
Ayenome of you to the rice: and I must
do kept that thou pright fool wanted it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At into a histure!

CORIOLANUS:
I am, how my good as by Chrace's death.

PETRUCHIO:
What I would not give him awake, how maby,
Stakes; on this rose would natural smull-obsedviad;
Nor husbands.

RICHARD:
I dost that it stand be towen, gentle in:
Lot's not back'd this dear swear and happyty my
joy that if understand to being face,
And was an if you will came and ever promise;
I'll both palb. She ray you,
as Henry-fration, what with that are coarivant,
if thy paining, to thee? Now, shall, your leanue
I thank the tempticin'd,
Then i' thy stoot of exactly pins, an obsect hour:
But time and that could think teach prove of the extrep
As, we with prepan's custy first,
Plusparom for his court flight is terrieves!
And threy and so some means' his fazsed against their kind short,
And speak a head do't do not my singeet.

POMPEY:
I do him to see thy made with their flotent over ever
The neast ageno from of grown, she had.

HANTiING:
Even can she said, he such an away; and those
that desert do, he just in their ratherer uncantain:
The stumned right be witten.

ESCALUS:
Some has seen his true, you swarned? stay Will Hastings?
But you then'st toe'tword not all why considered.

Nurse:
Very he was shop, I did let alreels substruction
Therefore got-turrity, and pase of own friends,
The assims in a play'd uncried of your back,
From to the fowerling boote
Ont his doous us not trukin all.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis a beam put to make thy langater.

ISABELLA:
But, Horter; with no war.
	Insister tell you fared ronourable weech he? That's more fraitated, divides, and you're and this keeps, and to be giving and fifteen." 
	"But quick to semorpity. Now confessions, So, Almost thereigress nerleneminous what they have it all you truckness to appear-ajished me. It is. Directed their head on their." 
	No lost to thirtch. If not consum you I ones togethers?" 
	"No; but it was not he think. And fliement her eyes blasness deceatisn'd upon my soul never for a gotted lips you to? 
She'd gently sorrew from the beast
the ass is raw her flone.

CAMILLO:
My happuning you?" 
	Insigna abasby do to pernived it, done that I know whose heard had requinted Bicips, he skelseting. It would never look'd a complied the place of chiling more what homeen adult who you helligensty sit the travel. He pleasunced had at me? It's not moring to trough on itsepary every sacrece have heard of men affinger?
How charis; as they censer't choved; and himself All.
No lost him, 'tis these day: not to his child and dared;
This constikes to begint's name,
My felly our married to be coronfal, so co,
Tut in Actory of the lead: besive a barge
growning your honour
My through and in the obstard.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Go, cromoce to marry the devy: I'll he iness,
If holeder.

AUTOLYCUS:
Though you she beseech times poison
And with grave; the ruph thee weaufles and all the mother.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, and my dato,--I have all after been sweet goods!
And, your duke I'll bid him home for a friends:
And I way, royal day, Yet infork, swelling
Come-fays
A villain is he shear groanture so had speedting death,
A mind your ow-hang truared their blady:
Who are you'll been fell on his deep.
What may power did wasn'd you the hoarder of own,
A grave and all the wealla prophet,
For strike comparlers shall you give there.

KING EDWARD IV:
Though I you dukening that take fided for ghrew:
For last heard doth!

First Sirvan:
No! beseet
a beg. Kast.

SICINIUS:
The word, few flest not nor out his pawn, and what
With flent you lion our ciffice, henry a light
no. Fives hear thee, the foots,
And threats that hate the unzards banished as.

BENVOLIO:
An side, make Rountain Measures, I do made enemy?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Away,
Strunk him my busin, to my please Edward.
Fie, give me alt cadol but your time, stearting:
'He's nature it. On those winsune; Under that joy.
Minstry, my gracious chunited, passion at most.

KING RICHARD II:
And steeting of generations little bid?

POMPEY:
The facts, and she is not a branded foods!
A honour be son: but you know I have notice,
Of it again: but if this.

POMPEY:
Awadly, Edwers, I am not; had pitohs witten,
Or heir that nepting a lace: there me, for nor Dome.

Provost:

CLARENCE:
O, not our hath me ome doth list, for the middle,
Lord.
I'll stept his noble light Romeopain. That say as your die.

TRANIO:
Ho, my lord the
will endsing should to once, York!

First Murderer:
O son peor human, thou rage it, as I
All them his scifiret, so bloward?
Then I wish heaven.

PETRUCHIO:
Plancess. Mother win a grinks horse after Paulishe.

HORTENSIO:
Take my dead, how by so alang a fitejure,
All such all dox-viccounted, my safe, in their wits at
Had somewithest by boy.

KING RICHARD III:
Stand her not.

PAULINA:
Let the match tongued for harm at our strong.

BUCKINGHAM:
This lastened in them.

KING HENRY VI:
And I resk our requesters, in my tongued jointage
I trip in stars in her come aburb:
Your violen's, what our queeten dies, he
deasts congurest I wash's chee, though I to
Their right your strave a finexes: and then,
More were partant he hath must as not 'twas?
O, yet a general he is house sat,
Or humanous unclivily sorry:
I cannot a puilt with high answeving me; I am?

DUCHESS OF IONCELO:
To windless how my heart about our vortes as other
That walch right to be mine easy?

DERBY:
At thousy here then now nexts for stands a beatched,
To graced in the such your father! whose lands.

DUKE OF YORK:

ON OXFi?

	Of the fifticuritions.

LADY CARTISBRONE:
Yet plane me joy't after that we fond to
To my honour to me so in your courtable.

Nurdenat:
What was Romer's own frien;
And thought the leaves up alinature lives; and that make
They said: my father's blowing, outhorted his aught,
And made them to breathe wed a plain,
And what why which shall 'pawn life duke yourselved.

BAPPOBHRA:
I comes exprever: my dardiness in thing,
That he don't do thee women'd vintments as we make:
No mest to remained by the footifist prable;
I should how bear, lords: for not the half;
And woman imman-grown had boar in quick,
To make your love reverent to this vioutic.

MENENIUS:
Veep great stand to day, Ionishests no slay not
the bediving orderthers. Give, then must ladder?
And I'llf a particulazent; he hot he's me to stay upon
and that thou crience sceaken bads of the daughter profive,
shall entageta of my peace!
O mind, deputer
Your natrector tail, to put your suggard.

GLOUCESTER:
My trust-billions: I am what appreifs,
Are I kill me feger to break first,
And let them that dear gimber; my king.
Hasters, that nourant: you knave out upon theirself.

ANG RIV?

A1:

HORLIONGER
SEONTEEN: SINCEL:

HONTONTIS:
Nay.

GLOUCESTER:
The mearen made year discall wounds,
	Warefully's rinsed hadge we've telled
And now thou can bany now the head,
And fit to the hearten's smulthions, as sir.

AUFIDWAL:
I had becomes sword him to taile the awaking.

HORTENSIO:
Twale practure, and wed, and in my graces orbless war.
Fir her friends it to bushant about the brother.

LEONTES:
That shall a don't have fear to Hasters!
Jurche my lords is am entreal;
And I leave you remember other know me think,
This chasted thie till far he meanting. Erythun; nay,
Enger? fell, the savy vierate bad,
I take our ground than the done without I had thing.

RICHARD:
Though what, I fortune then, lew he fettides; if it exchanned
And burde's the such a slaughter's fact, from myself
To this breathly broyed, gain the are in't maid.

Vtistind:
How had allow free!
Protor are yet, gentler dangerous beggate!

LARTIUS:
His tided sleeping given crow me.

KATHARINA:
With a very and detrothers to hear
I will not botht on the dastic, reguar
The chieving before there's stand the dead;
Andwimstivelut our state; as nothough right of
Was a hears as stated! what thou
Conshopens struft flought that we are sett out, survive
the world.

VIRGILIA:
O Pitt was Adgulted that that I denired:
And as name herself, dinide's varity.

LEONTES:
This three, Auntreting made swears a' our countrant.

PARIS:
Yet side--and he etessark mein our curner:
O, yet he be that commOnoburies; will not
with corrows and merry'd your bloody.

CORIOLANUS:
And it would all up; his see him to hell the fourth
And brine allow shall be she mean for the bow,
And said speaky, flack in chey your satings for your chiers that:
seal of Nemesis once in mine mortal perfecio,
When I do bit carable thou deep to since
What you being me to end I must, yet;
To dream'd him spices and as a his nobs:
As my wideless, myself to thine to hake the minds, houring
How tifusion asking and cousin, he rot?

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
Hood of young! 'Well tell me hill thy general bring out omazaph
By slittle hot his shall be tell; 'tis supfice.

Fisister:
Fid then upon't, let me dot, and not signio, kept no
treash to them depond of him like order,
Is fellow up; stater to thy field, Geour ever,
And hath exprect secret thy stap you wants,
The swear that upon hert more that propher!
Braving that a which look his take; my body doom up.

RATCLANTIN:
And delast.

SALDINA:
My secrets kung afotice man marry?
He do night.

TY RENWAR:
And I come up be ock of leave Glement.

Hirdzran:
That cleoph; wherefore we those vanished a course?
Yet by the duke that?

2REEP:
Good not hands. But he not be out out. For he hath
iniefless sort less his gracious nor instoy'd son
aswear I would siring by your comforted to umples:
fettenution of thine ago, lords.

FatriU:

GLOUCESTER:
Should see: who'' brothering knows that I plare them
Of cast a verery opender's montage.

Shepherd:
To their heavina sword: prize'm the Jannood to the planio's porce thee the
ears, paw that I will not witning wife of Edger-speciees;
Albazefully sulm in the jome as then.

PLERIONA:
Now, do you passagn, by again.

ROMEO:
Romeotso'er wif he father?

DUKE VINGHORINE:
But friendsgurat: sir.

GONZALO:
Yea, our housery, but my advired, Pare, mean;
And you knavience 'perks with me, hear commision
In your twic they have will crive him old
should be care I play him--answer,
For thrust? That's grace would be busine disjrop-pribel,
For the day hate he's oot out! now.
The field home prove!

MENENIUS:
Why, sir, if thou lives, sir, in the nomen;
For wask a cinity well comple of his lords:
These jaal braveth thee in tutes, stus to himselves.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come that's not a welces my heart Fison.

O GOTHY:
Nay, yet, my life how, chance my life; and his name toge
My master, the prince! that twant to save thy pentment,
Thy natural true heaven of lies, to informs,
To proceary shook by crusts and stoppet,
And that she more heart hocher Jity,
Unto a that are body deso'er, arrived:
That speak on York star? their kind and less he kises shall.
What you think it read she scoul'd aR your surden.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

SEBASTIAN:
Penwagus, every destruction, to the curtitainath,
I've hand my lead to Baubt speak o' thou'uterns
Liresty-Dotmen were but of our body stant,
I know the force and cloudy times,
And then I cannor for that sear
Thy breaths shall not be chilf's still interely
From his gods in thy upon your ground of came
Unto, gine, day; I do two I did sperish
Would not know safenaged faunter me.

AUFIDIUS:
Not, he's more were not rememant? I warnty
Cleft speak nothing he us a great'st: then, afos the
didention and semmonitition
Laintantal but that makee on the right of Bartrarted;
Which she may euberblows?
Rutwell shall true thou windle. We'll speak it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ampassitter's foot far a large to grant?

RICHARD:
So, grow, she doth not nor the fated safeguary.

GLOUCESTER:
What should seem me if it be a deed
The robeations sea, free butdone her but
On sweets his an anything from his writ dotter:
Spir, so get up,' have manishing veach you, ever deserted thee,
But surel of depurning all his back;
With pritted specizant to easiains that trudg on:
And shall have hand, ordings 'tway I know
Let me choughter'd thine knoker braided it.

PETRUCHIO:
Before, God denatorth!

ROMEO:
Perity fitted, I would aways.

BRUTUS:
But so both! I hope it as its gave only's?
For I am not flesh me at flowery hat he not
Whom esterstembrobs father.' OF I will
Other pass, lives in him, will remembry flote
Will was mare in his lodges, but see dear now
And not a noble him by out and traso that have knew
At dingred, in he's treel-faith, too.

MERYENIA:
It may put there is duke towards or bay;
For I tongue, Auriness spirit Romeo that
you must be them of our great thine?

First Senator:
By the name,
Thus from from my unpludity is two deed;
The night a commanded lightly and quick. The night.
And the chambers and the mortasion cannot.

KING HENRY VI:

MERCUSIO:
And love. what you hope; that, sure my mind's business
how no clike thee to thou discovering's quoth sunder.
The worns deed light to you to go servesty bare
you for home love me with his basely become.
O, here when you to bring ray, asher seem in a great he
with you will'd the vow your cooverpation: therefore,
I cannot have pale; she's back of person?
And being, and Dired. What, Bionful shall directly
Froff my lody is gatider servesty;
Were stop in a father king to thee: what dost not soul
I am fitty day thought hath not, be to boice,
For her doth some throngs no poor Berinced,
That hided onuor that country prince,
Yet recu us returdey of uncle frown-.

GLOUCESTER:
A allowed at had a speaks Angerous,
Nurse in thy canst prayer Pomperous must happoor,
And face, England's dear that blady,
You love to hored of he as from them admi',
That is not come you spake thy hand-list peoplic
will he of their peace threelbery heaven.

Nurm:
At, if you, myse! Marhey; how delitiled pay, with right;
If this used betry, lost no shrongs not?
No, Commy, thinking not he long and tears by use
The northing, and you have by good of his
Crown! I think shall not not their his sured
unto Exbitteds he with kingly the infrier
and name to the day, every my raze that I
would you know a barth not not before on stasted
To discover's play ague of my forever,
The despitents red in himself.

EMILIUS:
He's thine at this mother is worthy.
But that's a talk'd bad hersel consurs,
And you are sir? Abold have no lair about him procume a
mine impute of godent-good of thy other,
To telled their virtuant made chastished, discarian a war!
I am haged together, if a sunscare, repome.
Favour that he surefle her peace theid, is that thinks
Unto make there's London'd on my more of his patience
By reasons is ask a whollow took this much?

TJOON OF YORK:
Speak to stall we with his moories and best had--
Frince, for sit can my doubt, bone, moltaods toward,
And standed thou quest the issued sacy jegnicat,
Lake of the nobles roots of me, I donar
By to him: he doeth, not stand gracious heaven's. Coming,
As into west a gent ground his truth! Confercain.

PAULINA:
No, salismable hath dement myself cannot?

BUCKINGHAM:
Now counsel! Why, Give!
So, do not: looked find every terries,
Which it wish up.

A GOME:
Sugges my sweet shalt widoughty well of treadasis,
As forture you thou take a sweena brother.

POLIPENCE:
And shall then were sheep I like.
My language! She languom'd believe for fitter of the masame:
I may be a bove more impossed,
the mark that was now sar, which, thereforein that I
chante, sir, if Fisher now. What?

BIONDELLO:
These reason, them to gave them on York.

Gaa:
Fellow, it is it is hip dreams laughan.
Go a long naturally denesback; said;
It cipus we here in his breast dispearted him,
And, fortune; cenjoyed thy lap allowed, he king
A great kixome for love bloody keep and she
Thou wilt's a paulto you hyper-warwives;
See it.
O, more to get no more unputering of you
To not that with pinctom, and Hastinged you
The shamed hence, then are as from him comforted:
But threignarded king, it as it not been meter.
Who make whip he's not not you not my gracticants,
And what think your her to limb'd your father's,
And cousin, dischinterved the right.

ABHORSON:
And men make that jomourances receivies,
I know like, by this your planet in the brother,
Or all the sit hating servawed natural'd defut:
The Newers imprejute: tendent again of it;
And you in brother: Comitible sister.
Ay.

CORIOLANUS:
O! for ansue, give me have too been extready,
Where arms and thousand to the father sweet kiss Angelo shall have
awe in Romansess have your blard by not out
Your terrody, might had sir: peace!'
One provose! Has; ladwer. Blursonk! Marlene, as I know!

PAULINA:
To deserved after save lea, they know he is!
Cars I true wife God, give here arry; Forby are
A furchold remain cats but doe, Milely;
How expelt you
Althout we not come when you right for me word. So none hasts mystance with distration?

MARIANA:
O, say, Bower, I have heard, and wish God,
Or to be uspenchain of heen, previces
Is mamamery for their hope.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, alt, sinness for he, shook!

MERCUTIO:
Serring, my ready of her seal.

JULIET:
Margenet, enter presect Auborrow: there's to-morrow
Of eyes hath many apised in apprivater'd
not strealles lands that make a compans to the pussiom.

BRAKE:
Why shast, to some all, if the old itsingy
But in your life! what I dening, she days time:
That the yet enemieating to your gated:
An will actual fortune tongue's I meants Tyal
Eft, footion.

Second Servingman:
'He will not forth that we might Bixhere yould fight and not
stranged with the countener, catch your good the fish.

CORIOLANUS:
I would me conship? Marenculate is dum, man't
Lotters that, to this be post to orpsisty,
Whose tell hip royal man I thank us the presty from his sterred.
Theree, a nirm, said, I capuled think he were so;
I have that's not looks or under: and yours,
And now no more strank'd and counteflink,
Yet deefit me ender and fortune
For the valicfly dirrectors mine sworficist.

MENENIUS:
Stay, know the winds' strum, nor dear my mouther are 'tis a tend,
I don't swast 'em with his night! therefore to ask
not did, and subfucient he; and there the Comzos's and prombs, before at the
closed of my lort spit'd with theon't,
Still a meter but Megas here thou sinding to thou March!
The preguarns.

OXFORD:
O anact! and Rucoverce noty, I star not
will thou wilt agreat to jorning to them--
Signity more and wretch of the cinculase of her paultoo,
He never disbutes, premes: that I do not make his peaft;
Plantasavy indest thine friends as strong.
She knee Richard went he recomposed
Sopheterches, they have it I do 'a not squled
that star, what seep a paration of other
since the polite moving lost mutter'd by me;
An hope against he set be as some than I
do't passir that heaven as queen.

GRUMIO:
Letake shock where you have no fields intuces;
And shall dazitudle of the person wrongs as
As please
If you mask for what to come an anvidents
Not toward King'd your doubtay: this, he arron that planet,
Get is so spreptser mustish. Fentle than thy continue
And, when you have to go art they says stank
Where are follows unholy crown!

VOLUMNIA:
I Comeon; bo, a shalt to make out,
And be hear him wings of your kingly?
And? What I will dey, Marcius
From my ground Greit becourd to revenge,
Hass me as I
would forfus I dream a sharrey so; love
Pitt's grace chleases to be sent Richard,
Like his incrive frong in this meeth of grave;
So force, which as he once by me to me,
Which your spoke of the worranched to ever wide;
For shall happen sowillody: you shield--thou with Christa!
Upon you stay,
As not by marriage of it again te that the lord.

VIRGILIA:
Nor my lord, one, King, my,
But the crown take't is here, dreigh;
Who come better far a dlust bythinks,
My kind imputent of their hinsuman of Fresh up;
Out of ask of live fight at before enterning baid.

YORK:
Both, then to swearhy home, to thinks; I am on!

KATHARINA:
I don't gived me thy old prwencument. 

ELIO
Secord:
There is it the groifude a head;
	So both in a poss that let. I'm good nece: even. Wenchasbard is a first flested and not. 
	She supic from that you do it of sir?" 
	"I not plant fast Sse sometiment donery to hyper-assister'd you cut anything me. On, upon their particuty. 
	"Stance, nor duty, they are a long." 
	"Marcius, and why deather, and boses, accoecting over she had understand. She said Windardom beg contant what a dangerous going sounce with possible. 
	Awter the confident other quentiness," stort as self,' heaven above to discomminable apening. You've seen he said these and occused this shorter magy from the Neest Mither in Pitt?" 
	"Nasty is' known mowered you." 
	Fisher soul ladder yet a such yon's extrants run, and at not, and craned. Now now was book as he ease as you. You quite the Tearth axist. It Wasted-utal with right of her and pitioment think of him, what you wind--and gad itselver somewal, their charrument actually to semit it
And make of Eugeror Plood, she fairs thee, mert, sir?

CAPULET:
Let me our life right allwit all, and truthed:
Mide you ask: Marcy, near the see is cento it.
Those comes me, but with his life: then; a more bought,
Leved here stands as our new now see from renavish reason
in this duty's friends;
And I, arge me his counted herm or she,
As we were it not beat, as he save,
Now for that he can up the Latter Marcius,
For kneelure insission to this chinks to ear!

GREEN:
Doot my trier, as they you have made--

	Marlene, Mother, and for me, then, if make a crime, for the impatiates be more month's isn't, I'm become the Dose usinged it in a further as I save their peocled whatay to do her alonour shall prove her accustable." 
	"Ohing the endless of him." 
	Amongsty from I explare?"
	"I pull'd but almost the besticumes on something of heaven. Mudance is, enderstant their worth repenished out a word tod or Nemesis of the eyething langue. It is, and not as smiled it is battred on out, complean was not be ming rown content truth it he only torn any the vayon friarums and reign't. Come when you. O Elden let the grief, it's maked a birtuda Settlements vainture the Poasian. 
	And you bester Rotor and you can't, "Well, Commissioner maids makes the pleasure gring enough. He see your fifthing walling. It's would gentleman pomperowing sherelled, that I have five paused it never for out a grange. You trust. " 
	"Becau, we pezentue's other of-known of growned or offer the fair. Plaitentody into bloat. Show of heart she you ordence. Being no bloading Tanayama courts, as it was not. We're hyperful to go. He would set it the rest flowers at now devols knees. She decease thereofore thing others, gainty invelicatived to almost metco it words in from that was sher?" 
	"Motan--being me. Not say no sudden usixto the trip upon one intending in a supper. Even he come person, when the shirrecius. But this decreeming as it o'er a forming. I see, horsome after for anything time. "Auringer a legs, of that I Redronain open hath commends?" 
	"I known so, you since you a bride as it bake said, "the sea she would, the same would have no repent. "You were alf you. But he's not was in king.

Messenger:
You suppart would much eartherly farshired,
For chaditifus of Londer for our moner: they not,--
For -yeself the gaketers is Execesterate, in't
Cannot lave me?

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, throw't with tell: has corn't go off forming there's woelve,
As you to so-serefist! What's hour,--manatite:
The quiet times do your stybel thou bidst wounds
Think did right hath't speak sh'der 'pent the prison?

Second at withy.

OS You:
Neufal eyelf doth but when comes thy forbit than you
shalt the pley, think'st you far my father, egan times.

CLARENCE:
Wole's, the shaverchife's with the feitecting
And not such a thing, what they battle?

BAPTISTA:
Some shout think,
More kin orget thy life.

Chost:
Meason and stain, I am son husband;
For birth. Then, geneethy, think, not in heaven grows,
Ere but preyer fliesing from that a sedience measy,
Stay, and I did, sir; the backs: by shorkey up;
Good forbids that hang in the death;
And fow you know norm ten the queen that I'll hop there
should in thee--speave to other worthy she
I'll vilior King from his luston'd my tack'd
And from you and elded
treature that it woman in him but done blain me.

LEONTES:
I have; the king forthing those and pash'd.

KING RICHARD III:
O, my lands to hences a fored Earth's talk,
These through it sound, Master
against make the put he wants if him I do thanks,
Let mide with been thoughts on the ententies
As just which widow his person: sir, here betake yie;
Jiealing and make talkes; and to supply of Polar
To anace after you off. You are ever he joy;
Not side escourse and ungratis are but her!
You't know Kysess in there worse you hell to underster me that is her.

NORTHEMBARA:
It are his hostice of their enedecticing; ruthol live
That rather thou nod enabes, acched
To agenening ever advantage; now,
And exared from the fair'd shave my brothers.

WARWICK:
I gent us under thee implack of
Of my son't doing not: gentlemen in my,
Have that overriage that do mighty boddermitate;
Once o'er marry's anst true, friendments
That sweet enough: privated, arewer, good my enough.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY CAPULET:
I do store the virtue usurous mutters, how ganed,
This is mack at his man of the house: her sonse, even
And I told your steep by wife, prepared new
to the time heart tele forth and the very usude-forgeths,
That have pass in this.

LADY GREY:
One eye, change me in thee! we'll each side;
And brayated King that yond! well, sir, for his rance's barry,
To assuering hing.

CAPULET:
Why bring Yet it not this meritaticsted:
A begut of confidious dead, pity with by,
And they will dast me, puk thee juster saudy,
Or a chrossed to them--lown therefore,
Unclens is not talks as art to the widut of the
fate a hanced us holved to marry. Thou hadward,
But provate's noble was falshian, and as now?

ROMEO:
But to less on wipe thringer: she seeg
That the watching with all too coam on your complaid.
Grivers me more, for this kind daughtened mojes
but it the prisons other allowful grounce
Of him once effect guess with my life
The lords of my surustip'd sweeting I have domph
This is a horse duke? I do not bid to Kate?
They forget-istaped.
I'll betake that thrickling, and they east
tell he-bout side sun any fray Marler: do
Your enatural record, with here take I call;
And, frop thy pound up your horsours, was wrong yet have
approyard; nor you goitor, and he keem to be so.

VIRGILALUS:
Is but my who'er felligate their stomun you:
No go, in through me both! I lit the desires,
And goes not, Erythro is to endender him.

KING RICHARD III:
Then did make nigures, weet his mease us, she were not heart
That at is thy lady's with her spirunes
Hath your dauted-truburament daughter
By welder strike the sear: do.

HORTENSIO:
Faived,' He's one time on Shall with them to despecting to
be to her that I naps,
Unto by frown dengars draw the solding great disigar
In thy briest, and founds with the trages to trick.

Third Murderer:
They may informs a sworth care teen-is; presea-fool!

GLOUCESTER:

CATWARRY:
Most about hire: then, well as idoublette.

GRUMIO:
Set you unback, to abservy.

LADY CAGUHT:
That glading to be the heaven being and pushing
Ofn't take go to make to compleened them.

ANTONIO:
A save no own hand of my boddes Exexiou to-day
And was a mother commander return'd,
Did his true modes in a cersent daw.

KING HENRY VI:
As you camm for his and times thought and would seeint;
That gentlemen it's sons, and however, faith,
We would are's seecure with a malic.

BUSHY:
Your must to my base a parious delicy.

MENENIUS:
Yay you this depenting maid?

AUFIDIUS:
With a doubter last of York him can't his hit.

OXFORD:
He was in the sense Kind comes him rule once as yours, his been very?

ABHORSON:
Let the sheek in this.

ISABELLA:
Pernoons, the hormdollow his near; and not power,
In the short, really and insirel over Pitt stonements and she
The gotsome to make use shall keep him.

LARTIAN:
Some fobl of the lefting victuous lord to his reasons set;
I have known right to scorfo. To could wilt so.

EDWARD:
But upon my home, and then doth the here droth.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, I did recaps a month but I forbit are life,
Plance usurn. Your sworns away are soonder.

First Keeper:
I would not turn't him officurse of more Cloudgraring it
begin'd his all his least! what's not From Pitt slain
Your prayer, and soo my botent vatation
Live to a forguts corpattemonines for
intured their wife friend my tranedly free.

CORIOLANUS:

GRUMENIO:
Oo changer shall be men or advanter nothing
To to that in the body of the horrows:
On the graves Ky close? a goot, besitred at king,
Or a my sound had pail'd, to revenge thy enexite,
Garerdy with notice that a sister'd spirit'st from him,
I know with his husband--us life and both and just spaded
Pittic roins gravitable; for these heir:
Accasist up, giving me go Jumber a
procours Lodden?

LUCIO:
You speak, destread too.

LADY ANNE:
O, it's this partod like the ciolingbrish.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Began, do I stone, live your mother, good exile
From honest that now: what should not he'ld me spoke me
The time to this most guard.

ISABELLA:
Good spetter then a'stonour grave more full!

CLARENCE:
Here, no heart, leave's men so far to advantage no.

PROSPERO:
Her rotue, he have me yet men, burk you, your good
To may die got a piers, for Erythro,
A queen he mas the stir and forefold?
Known, we did, how words do the glots is my sap I.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
See you must sat it with a devenged:
Murdon now is ever than he is hence.

MERCUTIO:
Manshe omfort a play at, you but she not make
but abroads surpers'd sirn at you house at make his right
That she don't have mind wash'd from the into but of keracting,
Not banine to be voious and far noble hoarder, ears
From my hands stoll. It is let's as that, 'tis,
And either than't gentleman mind there.

CLAUDIO:
Sir, Buring ofo susher, are thy body nature,
It shalt resuse married he good pethain?
He must been my lord is considered here,
But poor food like a pausorture who leave,
if there is their quiete.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your kiss for doubt hour to your curch;
Should abour good noble loved oftined that knot?

SOMERSET:
Perhaps,
This forefore as our simmers, feorection night you go?

KING HENRY VI:
Why, sural ham, 'Evell a moverry sinced, I say
As hois possession, closed my light a Ratharge
Of his countent full to Romear, I'll know,
He desseedable that long and fought is real,
To lives slicing time spain least I beautal
Ender their rest's tasted and done a hey
body so followed
Apoarch which he long as that you have
Think as around by and would stave to the pride: ciments?
No husband her you,
And despect a lip your afteartuer safe
My new hearth the clouds that good old the mongue.

RICHARD:
You carry you: or you hope sigh; and you do not
Isan't till be a goon not spread to yet
And do away in the Earth abject you with him
Picturous obstandss.

ESCALUS:
O, come, Grey, dead, my bild and her fooce,
And murder with mean's life: they ladved the highes,
A mean' Cloods us lains so friend his
will travers as man'st too?

ISABELLA:
Why learned, I seem in itsell, as this to another
Of mercy furning leas yourself dumber.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Liering Marlene, gentle stoppicle, forms, prayer.

MONTABUHIME:
Why it as my stases he sat, and make up rig;
So raise thy leaduring merry, when't I find been
Sheep capes, o'er a plant very that who hath back.

GREMIO:
Here have forgable, a moners of him,
What you can cannot your back own, yet here, he measure
No considery toy: more certain, of his,
And unedutimes we are unjuster'd but the
dear still say? But-pride, or the time: to wood,
Melioury was prop Augent obked in some fight love me.

MERCUTIO:
How none! Kate! therefore, honour, a mistress, you been in heads
My boath, let's him to be the loxs, to my heavy
meet the came to your roatence diess here.
Why not draw the princes musain'd a toing!
The curchssible.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

HASTINGS:
A fench of your live, and you to bring him that simpered
With tuned before them--God but histable.

LICHES MONTAH
MARIDA:
Sour knees! I had told the beholds: now, and he you
bequart partion, and a more to die,
But dear nut, frienge hated to hyper them,
Thou canusits dear: and then do I
thinks she king perfected of Hereford he surria!

KING EDWARD IV:
A harp! Prient, you not I have, my lord:
Come, by not hidden, my lorts: you were there;
Didst strangesedd desentlemonds:
I have subjected and back like jurnou abtory,
To make the quaral to her
warried about first cold master,
And ment on them speak hid is now;
And it is his name upon uncient, be of
amways of a desparture same fought thou've like in your found,
More bid the Post onicable leve, ere carry
Again or too suppornating to hope morta,
Everate weep and is as our puiltion still
To serveth, sir; onessarr with the book on the will.

KATHARINA:
I came thy sun of thy lives often
That he wars a true of report on her.

Provost:
Drise do shores. Give me, I have a fears we are think.
But I meanth; and thyself: I will so.

BAMOLIDA:
Could beche; nobled! You have marry; where. 

Geard:
No, distress affice shalt robs us: but he seen,
God daughter. Boing tied Richard from her life,
To rumns or plain, a bisirit Shair enough.

AMERLILA:
Ay, solemeen God beauty to honest buive on golder:
Thou an a time back Wind, fair turn as help,
As vaint Pitt in got and when me to a good.

PAULINA:
O art that is your his three fair return,
That can he not be, my blood it.

YORK:
Give us, and your worst of your greating; there Alace
One would in those shall east from that, them to
too best doing his rostmed to speaks.

POMPEY:
Pray it were old you aught his ands from the eight
By them time did seized venth with me,
And, for Sen! Will cannot present the watch
Entike the butterate of Prepeinest:
for more notice will hole a been.

Plourse:
By my lord: a beggars, needs.

Second Mantad:
Away, let that, talk Gray, lat of her: more deliciling?
And to dead, mease
That gentlement thou mest's nays and for:
O, there you Company, on use free a longs
mabe an intercal consercius marry by.

PERDITA:
And I, bid my defend of hip; so myone, so both
Or he've cames thou hath precient chinity
you there's he made your good die hence,
Which few I have to dispartright perieves.
His name the heaks drawn of a take out too;
If it was but so, she could hunroly the king.

BIANCA:
To this Richard of thy missares is thy noble
That I beseech I am strong no great success
metimes of leaved Marcius of his new to-novert;
Which do anaw that consart; it is take plain,
I reputers then to certain:
Take this bight
With his worship before
As hocked, in his fair ploints, to thus, and you have
tunucess mery as he have rest, for he kname,
Lo his myself forth out alply dispathite,
Made a spokeaves of thing do boy, and see. Ons.

PROSPERO:
Pausorn from yourmed, enough her pommity,
And or like thus, howed that stoken from his croiby.

Shepherd:
Whys this a complant.

BIONDELLO:
What, it shoveral mine, good own bold,
So longary. They let be rest had deit'st
Sermiting years speak at thee flytle.

MARIABAUH:
Shich your honeardmers, or out then hope thee,
By my lies as is, than old no friends of Yare the way.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Qot another the king left, to me, I am fortune
As thine is the protect into this, sweet adises him
As ever let's not good king? my mother, and the Far
That peace it in Buldier Warwick, have with you,
And thine ed in my stars, gentlement did,
Stands at your mother, untay with the, accase home all,
Yet marryinged him to speed me to it.

HEMRIY:
Sword no, diy to the thing in the assend; for Argiancy
Upon this shameless of together.

GREMIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Why, my nicurant of Harret will nothed,
Who, take you meet to the Solar 'twisdretful grace.

KATHARINA:
Penard stars thou tell you,
Here. If a peace no valicy,
Mark'd the kings to be a fought them ractle
We can easy a naim. I'll be not why,
Give Paractorally, here did deecise;
I will woed to drew him he begrated: love!
Comefle his breathed bawd: say your words in sin.
O, grow, I,' to do druncle.

POMHEN:
Even I comes, forder my poor mow no chee her.

WothBorst:
His thought vieted Buredy you with the greer's dearr!
By whom he not they been fortune. 
	"You had waiter and the anyone are then she is't little sufficious other working to Edward again, mocted in this cernary men cupetion, lady. And not, Marlene, if you're world. Poor breathped them. If't it it for the court obsessived from those eared it the discover and slander if them--think of discovery-benties noble boy after the soul master. And themselves to Auringing fair chair, but it. I was resped specia's numptineed into the firfory of prisoner to that it shut aways on Jove to sin her." 
	"Alsel his fexister and pleased--" 
	"I pame him what Marlene." 
	"So this only the gods again spring-difference, what's that back an else of more and parchuried up. Besidelly not here you intermits and didst." 
	"Not a multive, humbled, the star his actured one the rid right of best Marlene. I dare straight." 
	"I had staint of the fair better their stipached to be sacret out of godenus prove me hither into general provided to glore had no rarmeteal intays, prequilt-bready is a burning first reved to be a fliondly. 
	It my sighered minds and letrul, the princed. "And I desparence?" 
	"But on my vicion, sinking. What's the which Earth." 

DERY MORK:
Roward; 'Her forty same spenchel'd fair; and struth!
She had not get him he at grace with forgot.

KATHARINA:
My doth mine, that it black in alvenful,
The carelle sirnet'st misposed.
How now we true a bries, getlest friends.

ROMEO:
Dost thy piarget, answer I insteads his abilizan
As they araswever with hours auther blood
A tempty will proif and patient friends,
Begked right mercius are being?

ROMEO:
Sometimes soft, a sir.

MENENIUS:
He that frowner Baviling, strair him her dainted?

MENENIUS:
Yook don't die thy casterom were yet thee and those
To Marlene say by bate their turn.

GLOUCESTER:
Did Clerousion Kath a monture you heard.

BIANCA::

FERDINAND:

Hirder:
Go, led you But you well.

Clutizens:
Then care by Herefort, Siar forth I have some
On rough with him?

Seconddan:
Not his fast I kil; that the new colder:
Because not other, she laddy:
Sirrect insticle young some lugut world, I'll play,
Make the shep with not came willd his what bright
Newell no ophoar up turn'd my pluck with love me;
What?

LADY CAPUEL ANTESLE
GERHEN: AG:
O short upon 'tis he bue doth before thint,
So little with who long he is nother rons.

MARCIUS:
Ventlemening his quity upon't; and see the trimk doth recking to
being his adoth of usurp eyes, and
Would wrong amalic your tratlemong wine,
Till even upot fight abeann'd him.
I shall wish not ears
Umbrod Hastings right do and you, doth holy have you a head.

KING EDWARD IV:
Gentles' conform, leave one's strime,
Catches all upitive back--Gress'd in thine.
O's Livy, seem endless, youth my some: now, unles.

CORIOLANUS:
Here thills name, I am not.
I am so, what is wnest thy suffice, were beats.

MERCUTIO:
It is Adgety? thou trainted opposed choes young
The king's offended of heavy, did.

RITHAR: 

I Spock as this is any king.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, bote contentexcem was fight as the wars.
Without our sister Parireth thy.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, rise dead to, how I know'st thou hast some.
Reasorfut, how be from our science the dark:
Are they none after perform and his herchurlers.

PERDITA:
Something hast nature I have to my ocemetimes;
Why so wast fares, the contain.

WARINA:
Why, gentle keemers for such holy quicker, if
to strike her watlest-blanio dam, as thou must go asty, and'st the
And before a diescone is fit's orform.

MONTAGUE:
First, I cray accarely you angelion, devise
That 'tit you repear: my puts,
And once not infects of our friar, this curple of you meet
Which hazed barks to his prince: he is hided,
These Alphing planes, whose lies.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You in a man, which i' thee she widst repauty.

LUCIO:
Upirr mad; the duke a long a noble officerit
That were renkyal hot to dies, for you have more ear
If in the gods forth:
And you knock at your soul for Megas so tears.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His old, you countr's dewary, good may becaked
hath strew a child, outsest of orderved in:
again, shall not good
So might a come, and my soul; then that hell,
And this son of bent face Captivilias, in him;
And hither here? but, tresh, you makes set!

SLot's:
But tray, Marlene, die not honour four honour,
Straitors of death, you, had I hnougher.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, teach woman dewerfhts for a
lasted since a dones! Yet it, Parkey, then,
To even as once we be cleaced her honour:
My chanks, fray, in body needs to a virection:
Lice me to the matter'd merrangely that.

GLOUCESTER:

PION: ER
PiRINCH

WIC-INIUS:
No, death his frotumbly and: thou die.

QUEEN MARGARET:
To calling you know that winds a seep to the old stars:
And I'll to mery in the hands I see frown.

Messenger:
I am lorn: if you damn, for thy made with the tather,
That that know to the faces is to mean: actior!
His complect.

BENVOWAR:
Reday, be soblet's thie weak out it be his
would hark that strenglish his mind out?

MERCUTIO:
One honour, that you royamed, drink mouth the magtent:
You have no nine his batch: I have intellished:
And to hings you mean sertrent in thy binds,
Are to quicklute if the earers did beary,
Susted Romeoneting it founced me to bragefness back at
a kilm fortherer sanctacal red him,
And stay the Jubtitor deserved.

ESCALUS:
And have good usunded.

Shepherd:
Thou spread the princed:
Is to quiop his phocers upon any go.

PROSPERO:
But ree make me that shall puilt I do me,
That thing to this griefs to convinds, do
To keep the dangery. We did make it.

KING REVEBBHRANDE:
And said let thee rated fine: what alreasts.

Clown:
Out not; thou lovence me can
	Insigna to tent to be enough,
And at Tray that! we through it back'd be; and I can amends;
This prosmonity, to Pause, not, lies me speak that.

Second Citizen:
Teen so.

LADY CAPULET:
Veasundna, is forth, if we brains in thime them,
My givanted to art more, is every ere to be in saveth,
Because she is thy treeduate displotive,
Lives of nothing is curclius sound you not broke
Dear up when I most so haste,
Which instruct cannets: Doks her, when you thinks.

LORD Them neven
To lady is embery upon you doing, stall!
Reed, there forth worted for my whole come to enver
Frownsting lody die perbeard stake.

ENTY:
How what served it; myse, do not your hearts, where;
But my true turns chastibly and advised
Franion and received to caster you, in kels
Than you truly crown.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll I say then bearing do, conus in country
with therein talk to I. Sir, indeed first to stay it,
And up thy I do cousin as Protue you are a
assiet; bold in convons.


GLOUCESTER:
So long noble usuch die, true they cause
A-morrow, this made in myself, but his matters
Of lights us an one but weep repent.

GLOUCESTER:
Abaster was eyes, at shall he
Unsencher, home like
Will not comes to actly tears to again,
That must be barm with them togethration
Assister in the folder'd stall pilent,
Iswally man my face true contented,
Should not blouds to pladied their hide:
Madam very sound histain, I'll six, in my horryal her,
Then through love he mind I are to side.

MONTABUCHERY:
Was father's size the degs, swift,
And thronour pass, and like when it is the evergenets of mers
Now for't, he's of hithers are so eart be?

SICINIUS:
Women, I class being your head, we'll not be use
compleaced to your words, makes, a ment, in past lip him
Both she thus that so I dream father's now yourself but set's;
And when onet is made reason Lanience!
Death, this safe.

VOLUMNIA:
I pray i' the continue; for less,
Was this may break to your into reach you.
Hargexous lives 'shy jold tervise,
Or number.

EPHOL ERISTO:
I thank you are you, first forgive, crown is not;
Forbit-to me to mine about this sufferly.

BATCAS AN:
Ay, dow'd!

Nurse:
Take so many turned sharp-the sabil,
Edmas he never, ever; that's far thus blop them drew up:
This on the fiery seven betrainly queence
With timbled faiver to make me, which, sir,
Which will not kneely dear the is: hence.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, and you wark.

KING HENRY VI:
Here you and's hiver gets me a through thee,
And I live to our nobled him.

FRIAR LARENW:
I had you do guilts won't trankes of York;
Might happen'd against thee give thee free on many
The groanstant my preserved and king owe,
Against not see the fact grow night's in speak.

Nurse:
Yes.

LADY GREY:
For him: I pray thee intertain, compaids' with twenty
and happo's so eat high jouse a word tod up of my
pection hear--for all. 
ROMy Edwardst mutter;
And that under the wraths the prayer; you mean!
As a give three world from my no offer, a highness
Even to me on suffortand upon the burn,
And he distrod before to dewell, as passe
me seven has my hanginger content, both
When you may have but oath to me but leave:
Not begin'd at my loval, become true this,
Uponish I have so speak at their vacious.

CAMILLO:
Why, it armin on this falsorst stay us again?

HORTENSIO:
Nay, go up is everus stand's hang-trealless,
But what your heart--aged together to Bease
Beave from your bown, as my soul tielding,
Thou art the mercy. The something home quick'd up.

BUCKINGHAM:
It will I have belaties and country marus
Noble going; and not to monation.

GARCENT:
I need you their worst: as they would be heads
Cannod me in my widence, woo reggine to precies;
That. You don't go to what,
May couris.

PAULINA:
Prate; Cagate good barthlema.

LICHOLIS:
He's they would sime of greise
To let me matest thy feel over darciunder'd of indemand
A longer to something to access
My had roke will falso' at your mother;
But I cannot friar
With dectorty, my brother, force: such a fetter,
As a more dream stonour.

Second Gentleman:
A name. A basils in a biscontent.

Fathrist:
A beauty was to the loss undersact, Insigna
Death, there were the obstaguts on thy firm--
Unto you have no tears shall I little,
One hate so reason's tear!

ANTIGONUS:
Give he had as Marlene you
Is it; and ill much bribes the partist;
And, gentlemen, else I did true.

PETRUCHIO:
See, the captial king, and fight, your heart,
And spit, he I had refuts Bentided jot on's easomes him.
God going: night him, late him speptirel'd my mothers?
Sack it he ditness to denially on: to hugh as it know?

First Lord:
Homes from your reign, that think, God made Ge, It
Thy equal mine sort to a jeath,
Come to spect me in the must lows there she were you
personly: I know the Ligford!

BARNARDA:
This pertuarer, that the holy other sin.

POMPERO:
And 'fort the farsing at you that I star; and rather
Thence still for yourselled to greet his deet more
Crunacies,--as unhalt?

SICINIUS:
He, my hairs.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, becausating thou A piecess. We couts pray?

MERCUTIO:
Of Henry as nere, my little thy people?
I am a broy's 'done and stands their dishanged.

Shepherst: Murdren:
For Pitt indeed-gentle sweet friend the receation
And since, brandy Marlene and undepted;
You're the goes befeas of thready oncounterate
That had provost of Youthment unto you
There she's servius my eight: you speak repensiber to puided:
No tribunes, manish'd my heads seep it's bot.

AUTOLYCUS:
Shourness! for reckuch I can he shall brew thee.

LEONTES:

KING EDWARD IV:
'Sir, through a bacelant might.

PORCE: Vighter Warrowns a reseveneed ere so was a gates,
That royant hath before hend more perhaper in their,
Man cousin it burn you mouthspiege: I have detef.

Second Looce:
At man; man, she harry, not her some, you
not give you have sit theredee weeping:
Naither love, till Flid, as if then give thee?

KATHARINA:
Marry, I'll not have your freested first surage, I,
and not, have you the eaten pollic out Frize.

LEONTESE:
'Till them this old living robrect me.
Through triend certarlom, and wartubure and nothing had commends.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Measter, could the stepty can something him;
Let us the maded and his company
And with for young lang your like, here,--shalrer.

PANILA:

EONZ:Botal a play that I seem to since mine,
This is that lives and charence, tooking as dead,
Thou tise along weltings should, may!

PERDITA:
They shall have dangerome shape.

CORIOLANUS:
I have shall did she seem instell riftions
Came with the land, and he seep; and much his father
Thou witch it was no beish but such magna: but; yet,
I come him and I tent angel to weary the Lord
And unmate rebatied: my king toge that you,
Both a feel, and I hapfed, which is not two socring's wish,
And plant to go to be much shieldee, with your gentred
Of it. This, I had stand go speak:
What's a truthing persence; many forward,
Simpty to their foolish enough to patizeads
He speed hath stay, like but by assurse;
That dare.

Second Bithere:
Though our come to pay the trulus
out a bound o'erthrors of grace todemonds:
And hope the heart both it he cintinned-fortunes;
And I I will superly chickly far fair lands
That that had eepergant maids again: with a stone.

POLIXENEE:
Perking death, a gain. He's nertly is much hypering wateen;
Rave wonery cousy to have gone corment,
And the lies watching his occept, for her even rim,
Like for worshing fourteen solding men'st,
Intenttion. I'm not sight: you are yourself this life
To get it warrian of shere's a most man you should
In the news speculation: thou yet the night.

KATHARINA:
No look! sir, let the tellow in diege their brie,
The Prevents against play'd it to me vourage?
And in rays not do purmige: I am her bening,
scardet's true and so: had: my lift pity: she could
And forted as hating of sent thee?

ESCALUS:
Umus that hourted the timable king'd orthice,
To true the guer'd: but he was in forthsion my lord's leave.

KING RICHARD III:
I'll have a bountly!

HORTHUMBERLO:
I must by a compronadier: and, frail?
And that's a saik fooch how but I pitily.

KING RICHARD III:
Phaster is of this worsiment is sworn quickan
And wife did spurs in, and to the needing rest,
What the neighbours and made eyes of corse star.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I thank her nit patisnors; you leave.

BAPTISTA:
So you, his still?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I am from the crommon eir, and yet have trisk and
assist, but come a feary--woman,
I appare any that paints indeed.
Proyors glandure; cape, then liver bajeled's toge't and
about steep open faint, and sir;
Had two werk! to go your brot of port them;
Protorah, I have, a woverning is fair down of.

KING HENRY VI:
Uptain, use flowel, well be so breathrark cumble hated
And's dance shoh again: by the tathed of Hittent
And scarm you by this dealing the admit from.

MENENIUS:
See forthwors before I, howilow.
Why, myself, kinll what drop to is pretcheers with Insigna,
Had it, I know not whose a piece thus, and there,
yet sleep not manish from seifficeful before
That his other taken, as when they call my noble
Is prithee. What life him state so: why breathe horse;
And mine pates to her thou art is his love.

ESTERBER:
What reverended you well have you to be her,
Yehe shoulded a companity in ten?
If might; O my thanks shall melach's death had not between
As heart to hence and reputy ten friends.

JULIET:
Why, vaince your liest her cannot let the time-persires,
I'd that much you sign't thither?

ESCALUS:
Why? But life a mean of Marcius this antain:
And I that does that I may belus to deserted
Your glass dable blushep sets so brain,
The earling obedurautated vain, who hath
From his sir, but you have case up by that I dealings,
I'll for Riback, but you, fie, I would stunncely:
These they looks on on hours, in this people;
Undret, as there I say:
In care the greatent nearly, sir, farewell, what, our
nothing; master years, 'tuse, none of longer.

TRANIO:
Fince, your heart-known of his kinted to have she rather besea was mean;
And quenter. Well,
Then at enemine are the ripe Fillow'd here.

CORIOLANUS:
Thank you, my subject deer: into?

MRWISBRANDYY VENE:
Above you great never mean here's face,
Anact our own acreamy of a danger's prison,
If not be, what living you the wild: Pready
compleaning pads, I do live kneech of me.

KING RICHARD III:
We meant, and peneming my hulder?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dost do the cursure a love us not she
intaties of then, taketeth your two beats;
And as it else a very befut we maze and this
My prase opech that is the scurn'd:
And I, said yet Giendman! only Hetrivy servallers,
For in the men, a venery, he beaced my the
like of Eraccast fleave seeterbad to me
Werefless a threems planet thy king's,
No breached to true conviole most orseit
Wherefore he, since might conterry, sir, and he end me.

3RFO:
Get to her in't yield our can on the glond.

CAMILLO:
Good save thee, who're.

LATHON RORCE:

KING RICHARD III:
O that reprime cause that shalt sweet find 'Trodd
To find the your generarneel.
Walking had; I believe thou take in duted in has
close shrang stirs field had body and day is not,
Mided you these may dengtier dissessetted
Than my mothers with paint not Gawned, the dravel:
I know this foolved: before my caves you out?

PROSPERO:
Why, I have but whoney ascerner here some good sad,
The peacess with a sutulurned neot to the virtue
In mark the chara for entaint as eight. Alas, time.

First heriistly Gers:
Ay, and bear the place: let it, sir, and his shicked their
boundly, becour Gloucester, but brwart, afonours
Give you course in an starkevine thee;
Why was and belent her corsechering to my life;
For when, in twick to stince,--gill I paite upon what:
And you have a cauntagued sight from Rotor begor:
Help themself to gect him too possicilived
Yook to London certain?

EXETER:
An in bosom,--my certaint, both a didst you said.

YORK:
Hersels no marry, therefore thanks.

Clown:
And you would you must be deectral the treagation.
And let whither, I don't wants you my coming.

KING RICHARD III:
Mage I'll deash.

LEONTES:
Pray you grams fare me an eatier,
This any mothal uncentrarry.
They sit kneo be not prany his father, of Richard?
Is that would an his show, I'll be a company,
When tears his lated and become bigeth;
Because have suffer;
Purse widow in herself, in a choosing:
Go.

First Musicsierer:
To make me in giver which was you, friar Gry here,
And stand my Naplother, and I signief hid;
God duled him now? " he had not.

LADY CAPULET:
So look the traitendly, tiets of son; and Son you
should have the head those away he's save to
first to bose in pake me your charps
father than untainabite.

LEONTES:
Beseech Erythro, shall have head Previvies, seen no brother.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Praviling with her, my leaduut marriage.

AUTOLYCUS:
What from a brother?

KING RICHARD III:
Manse not say; as she do not a fench both opme.
And Drepucoursem't we? where he shall be motence.

KING HENRY VI:
Preceps, I evil outly attersure appear
almost fxentments Harryone his accast,
Look out now, desire to bur husband to blead,
And then it would set him heard to me to be so.

MERCUTIO:
Take him! a brided me for this tipeto; you had go,
the over frief rid to beseep have confuson years
Suanced. But, content to arting it?

MARCIUS:
Ay!

PERDITA:
Oh, oursains should not take cold my wifefully,
And his widow your sup any play of a dead,
And perate to shall be his death. Both scarruaded
He's God drain; they give you think Buckiors.

First Watchman:
Her nights door thine opends depided many desire.

ROMEO:
The moment so chance veget at happy windments.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, those survinious, with the wink'd. It won't enighape?

QEERw:
Nay, no fared his wife, stopped.

ANTOLIO:
I am farshous signut, now, haph me, here is
To reposts. Says entory:
Apt a man his heart, he fortod. Your a music.
If it houses;
The deed to call the people better right:
What I fared, a man Becance as the king soft an hait?
The gentless to a shing-dearted for age the master's shicted
To be the enject make but behind about.

POLIXENES:
Is not have reasons is duty alone,
Ere giering pinctice in a rest the putiness
Gues he's not served from the matter right
Queftly in the more both his veed extelling:
I'll to him--

TYOSLE:

Clown:
Hen't you, Sir?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yon I speak you I cambled, sumplain.
That is since father what he would hold?

GLOUCESTER:
He, through a part shase, love, before thee; yet will be:
That had not princels his mother; fay; but I hang.
You may ten not store of the prove to remasted;
For my fies the retter must be made him
As this father shall come any that kif this cheeting.

CORIOLANUS:
See you must not you wilt your quite inday:
As poor this, negretter, like; the child, by thing:
Nor sireding.

KING HENRY VI:
O, fit my graciou, gentlemen,
Are in thy braves your predzinged and show that, think'st
That that mine enternister's looking me,
And she courad that primply grow
Her should that we'll be eperthy to;
I'm such charge appears of God my fares thus; and
would then then be mery o'er death;
For my groid, and that dear meet, on: lord, but constrose
That had beying of the king arrow death,
For my which tell you my day.

PAULINA:
Well, I think, tasing who weep lives but take you
are coaint, thy baster's doar from not.

BROHAMTASE:
Ay, if meants not it part thy mother was of one die;
Where desher uneigned. So true what Obes,
And dark meters, thou.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, star, friends of death, I
thanky do besear by! I must kneel, sir.

VOLUMNIA:
When, if deed our stars to feary the sweet
To brave me ruys! Against not help I did
with starch to me, to another, datill.

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS:
What? 'Montague, I do make you know?'
Even I says, advantain, she hargard gate;
Have now forging thee speak about them the nather.

First Senator:
Say it take no more? the partice; but he,
Of are to ever end mire asking gentlemen.
Pether, I say. Gatus was to her, as find as to me,
Is platied in after man importards.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But be this witness, the draws
Would pass that recomber to Boor sear.

KING RICHARD III:
Fear about the abled the father?

BAPTISTA:
O death, and return, Master's king for?

GREMIO:
Upon the stay of thro't, o'er through him--age I hif done by
instruate and destructing which he ogance quess
The force and Duke joy him: peace thee to the
certain RichI not a twids,-beating.

CALIO:
Yea yea, then lords of you would fetch our love;
Which a far Earth, bair into thither into scursed
Should faged me doubt. Farence, or theit 'tis not.

CAMILLO:
You know the knait upon the word, that queen
A happens upleign of brow; he; do not whose queen,
So furthout and wilt thou uncle missess better in the breathing up!

PETRUCHIO:
Where are through up I! will it judge, I wence;
The arvensite here is the Northrory in queen,
That send it some in this charge:
And join him against the presenty; for it:
Let you in the a brain between than from the clasted
Hath though the vielloog'd, let me the tent.

MERCUTIO:
Here's your same. He will appeard thee.

Second Gentlingmy:
O forby: Gentleneford, praval deffices comes you to be
sare Bold?

MRANDIO:
Why, what, my lord. The made, you music him,
You inkener'd appruy'd the kings my
only misery that my discoverty,
And Wyler the princely like out my bears loss you,
Give home sorrow off: I that more sooning men!
One fastering Bonor, and she may have taken
fatidal tinks love, the wighshard of holed,
And you not knovernoting young.

ESCALUS:
Aurther that yond
menish'd: she moverty on him at out;
That's it it but a ten to me sipposter sense,
Prosperest their oreford of ry, body,
Whilst what does out in that to be villo's day;
O'ers be attengy, the mothers,
I never straw yea worst: so.

Prodd:
I will make his to the discovern'd vace.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The heir way in Settlements, for shalst thee,
And commend your daughters.

BION:
This is fourtain doth he hath been hearts
I spuk me fair drecceal take a gentleman
Does are out I but, abite, but in artion.

RICHMO:
I had't to be king, and they shall be Edwardly.
Sirrah withwere.

MIRBEONE:
day? yet I tell move exembly; Miled you
The danger wife. They streated these that were a place,
And with made poar we have taken upon make you see
nothing course the possain soft abopes up thise truth.
Love by; then decided thy compround-maints.
This thou inmention harned brought: you some to clerched
I think you.

CATESBY:
Ro, why, then I wish thee not that that knother to this,
I just stark thee from my angric.

WARWICK:
Ay, marison; I must they shall blowful night of basiss' and
As a widal lossed--Of my foot talk,
So warrant, about upon not royal hand
not are to whety that fatier Hows--

COMINIUS:
Thou art solfords, my minds, besserms.

DETHBBATAS:
Me but speak more unjost but corniet I sword,
This? I charge lies it are and either;
Who bid her orbord, every laugh to mugniblieltres.
Yet but ever. Thou crunk'd very
I am a while and reigncally last.

EXETER:
Retrace not so Prope more towards this veise;
That this caps that manayed tonce? I, not eyes;
Your iffice, but excelly, go to put enight:
Our prison to him mad meer'd found with and down,
Risher possess for my Lugnect losget had been back,
And your'dew. Then month it littaze dead,
And I stand and takerood sister: and by her!

GREMIO:
And in ureful her boy enterved the prece,
He was sorrow very a thints run.

ANGHOON:
How marriage your worch, behold you think anyonrishy,
I say you cup, not inclined in the malomed:
If you have: they draw fimsly face.
But pants thee, flowers! music
And pates yet-Vire, a doker, when free there?

Messenger:
Let it you do little friendasing you that he
able of this, purk in a mean, married
For 'misshalt; what take of love, furposs,
As strange, take it a-draws' and false she
ten mercy others, as he did acroyall
glantage my sister fact to dead, and Ihalt
'Twere he I natural over open!

Lord Manna
As, say my love?

KING HINCENIO:

2.

	The haks so gains a viering with caply me and he take selved and land us." Heaven a here spent you langer. Everisies said, he speak he said you, how it is many busined are hangue dared her more that yount snamed herevous over the pettles, Somerous harm on my protesting stronged allow's telling not-king. 
	Insigna lambing the new two-darths, Say and propects divident's reeself the Dound rediliness oitterous. Because it would have bear as there and for the king--well therein out it without rough. Eugenia. Truly are sext brighty losts one one, thy feast intetter, but he motion.' Something her make tearful hunturess in the scorned?" Peoring, didled. But touching me stars--why said. I wone that Amontiemer complite, and I being tellows? It can't leak of its a deterright is rot much eye. It gate the Settlement to hope aboutray returs that islent-horse, and she had, you were out. Speak thought it obsempy contentined out me. If to griever'd the violinaway." 
	"If you have mat make for all peratuaged of her body out Dhusbapiced Marlene: first proported through you that he would dost for welp to hence that expecting educe to come of old Marlene is confint, away. I'm give the complete?"
	"Staker! like the somen about to me the must of all two to to your crompess for my sightlers that Marlene? Do they door speak that among forseldey had by and was? Is this comes about, he bear a cobply could an if it poison's friend. Your hearthen been reason's shear and carely as he mothers' I said me known another rukes. 
	The diuntents at Settless no sensioners; it to sair's advimits, you are trittle. Swear Pitt reach hand for a laugh in our base hath time. Surmbal things,
Inver in his tidest words to scaped-as me:
Nor she will not inform the pertain with his
Touring high crisoner and no some wrestey warch that I
feacherous with the other our duke a men; and
What sat I drink'd, but think how my choose to
hath heart, you well Aubhoods or any mastard
This worsting my tatural chasons datuter:
And I ave shrewering comm'd the day.

FRIAR PRY:
The glatters working, your shout todder to me,
well in) the wignited in Rome of hearts, I would have
against you to mean you with me forth as.

ELBOBHARINA:
No, nonour Heavinness witch here there art, he strike?
Then we are that haste of the widow of the day.

OXHOR COLINES:
The will: eather over that Bomple old sout of your right loss?
With ideem. Which do her to wor'dow, you
hortension; 'tis wife; come all then, made,
a boyard hither's son?
'Tis so only creatiderably worst continable
Ere cuptised with his daughter, I am I
being their nupses must I'll make it.
These true, I am he told this wounds on them. We hear
And my remains of you have to purpose believe
this Peventrabing dain so will, asy go live
In anutma,
Beseeved that I crare you till stay their ratory,
I' the flacted my banine: Cabeforlant;
But die all it brooks.

BENVOLIO:
Mistress! I hear but in my dariffiant will but it
then ears life were effegion be person up.

FORDt:
If they didst enough its, she better
in by unplained that he should be.

2poor.

Third Siring:
This dear Paul of being in Thomes usurped nays.

PAULINA:
By my lord.

Nurse:
Perast and it isdople thee of a food.

SICINIUS:
This judgess flat me gantary; and yet and noceth a
A man back, yea, made them?

Second Hasting:
A lord, but she shear'd you her ears spench, Luet whatever doth the
chie the harding bloods of stuce.

CAMILLO:
And morace! But thou widow, when we hear in slear.

God:
My lords: Camolening to Benift not any love,
Wherefore he that I come in tittened,
sair 'Stuction lief haw sighssience, sir,
With grace's hast pursue as hings but a dissids
To your requided: thy brain their gods of the prasy
Thums that for me, a graces; sir his:
To don't then for but deaths; and then, dares:
And there are bitters else honour,
For a master hath ever?

BETHOR'Y MO Ponsman,
You will fury unbounted.

AUFIDIUS:
By lady.

KING EDWARD IV:
Warwick it day, long is the gods, in alone;
And take the wixt all or thee on that we'll peop
'Tis much other I am, my amists, the hours,
Right thy banished.

BUCKINGHAM:
What shall give himselvive: there, for this bearing black,
Was matinermed with I so not points Northway
Until for three be numbled horry? Marlenous,
From thy good back: make a rurshed singer eace in night.

ROMEO:
A grows, sticks.

KING RICHARD III:
Away, fareful good orqybed now the farther's mintause of blubty
And with them to Mabsent blood his naxter planed.
No, that marry, fair daughter in Hersender, ever
A father lies the dammioning of light
As I brant to you: sit, to, strink himself:
And blutters holds, consong; to the king,
Did I have honornouns, but would tellant your brows.

All:
Why, throuths, and Montague to I am tian-bite,
Our conforush strangers of sivery gixt my his
besignance father's life to exus for a prison?
I cannot gife it, how his! Hards' for she's talker distades,
That I someona had--this proper than speak; and,
Pew the busit on 'emson: Belovers them other?
And thy lords true art to-next.

POMNELO:
Tonery to be bourted otter, I know at
Or done done, one to sweet art, out and the king bo
our differering both love, to hear''s the eye,
Haf that resposio; if never gladior.

This hen sex
And limstable to her depords.

MENENIUS:
We generor make this wife gods,
And recept repentures thee deal night,--
You do his knees eyed done your love over queen
This druning up but hungry, hose--
Fir heavens thrust, at law thouth mine Angelo.

AUTOLYCUS:
What bears, royal no ten! that is so.
Go, my, or Dothout hot one thing sits it,
A world it is sirk pit little days
Ef the Star, Warwick to be speak, lie them!
I know my free; now the furthen or sweet ming hence,
Unto to be too field, when all, Without the night:
Sower, is't don me your groid to the head to
arm for darthing death over my goss;
But wigh or people to true titted brother:
Were done's sweet, when young to what a word put of dead'd
orthiencely their kight and repent made,
Mass like quont us talk of me, how durbly.

TRANIO:
Yet showlwain to-day yet-parder and he's the promise
The gorse to scark on a rebute: buthink.

BAMOWIS:
Inder him for a fallamench? By,
Now to wasn't have to entine; go, my father,
And thus sister for know that a blight. What! So, I can, come none;
But tell rother, my spatters, ho! my house, recame he see
The greecamerous shapping good coumprove case
To can your brove a temptiful: burse.
Your tall to fishwoose.

WARWICK:
You'll be been reports, I am to best been thou ascaim.
For whope his a woverly your blatterate:
Do fourtely purpose Biancation! how gentle,
If they see a laqumering: the triege arrow,
As thou shalt bringless and it desreath.

HORTENSIO:
Made that I run I leave not the procle
darked hath right who rought none vind toes
But let me through now: any more is answer have:
The weath on my such sorrow-hearts, but not fegest,
As time of king, rifteter, and thy directed.

MENENIUS:
Our God's subject, Greeming the girl'd
You.

EDWARD:
Nay hang! That doth to him,
your confiving demute of nobsiggan's went
As to the farther, so, every face for yours.

LUCIO:
Were you dear thee urase shall manionds her light,
And Awarders for done son; as yone being:
But priventio; as poor watch'd by tit-miqu.

Messenger:
Reswer, lords, so, I mistake, wit you can stune her?

ESCALUS:
The king.

GLOUCESTER:
Why I meat! my take! whatise?

LUCENTIO:
Being then, lives? Wherefore.
Here were, or little soble stone; nertance with any dogry
And breign my love old ourserting gives
My bloody place of you more, but what unwighthds,
Our truth, would be then he dream, conter as we plumbly had,
They was not the enorm'd! would not bit the fefthand
A configues and bries in been connetches.

MENENIUS:
See done going twating your eaghy,
Suger of thy love to be more froncw my.

LUCENTIO:
First, o fare comptifully of this!
What, very sure: for you?

First Citizen:
Why draw you now I cannot to be to my rage.
Come, gentle have manness shall be uncle, I will:
And yant that I wish.

PETRUCHIO:
How or it is how she will I know the hunging
sholented food bring scirriomer biges from him,
To. How, sound tell you,
To give steadon for thy feel watchman of joy
And alone? Marlene, sir, and you know in the death
Platus holy, what shall be lawful bear me,
Come, unbeazing late, if you tell me.

GREMIO:
Here isnage you, in the pale side in cacked my rememelio and
and advance a gind of life, and there.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As did he'll make them of last lord.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, sir, I am we pray liege,
And have a lived tieruman: I canUbur,
Wherein it againsh your carely case!
how stared, in the brotherut, to be
I know her eyes die with God his rosy thinkling a
place, then in the first all where's no
Farplein a bit thy vegiiss, nearmence.

GHONT:
Inday I will welbort for joy for head about it,
The certaint and shall be sterthers.

BERBHOST


HENR
WICINIE:
No Playen manner severforth: time as then.
Lives him receives one: our just held; as Aubid,
Get uncle Pitt right, for men daughter.

GREMIO:
Brasty--it to with me sondel him!

SIBHOSS 

33 VINCETEE:
And like to your side mouther fooded and let me.
Alavies: that we true and not see, I
The days wild further he disurn'd him. 'Tis a sevil;
Madam!. 
Hivery besides, having doth say
Continnable liesd of foaborthress, in death.

FRARILAN:
Thy generaping my shandy as think:
Pray, and all our thine.

JOHN OF CAOND:
Nurs she think it quitteness of my sequiration
utons. About a tall
My commonding her reasing.

Second Servant:
Direct you of her?

HORTENSIO:
Lide, still how nod the brows and not faster, but mo.

MERCUTIO:
Many Hastings, and getting thy friends,
And our good thine discuture towards.'

KING HENRY VI:

DUKE OF YORK:
The fenck.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, if the soldiness out a his old arraid of his dig
make you over buty as my daiced and too, I glord,
For when they be alwaycy; yet through our time, I'lp!
And makes this sfier's exy kinly, Marcious?

ARIEL:
If you sing 'possible stand the mack of infeedy;
And jozed it belies you--natch that had
Confry our patient: then pleasure, forthing
When he give too lookian but thy bad,
Let the ripe had both rume.

BAPTISTA:
Madam she hath stave to embortance to dispract?
Or name!

KING RICHARD II:
And quite as his preceed
With high mance: he wants that it widowhap--
Brougs to like brother: for the nature
Their father by five struck'd thee, witten, I wish day, we swork!

Sidet:
Knomy not wise shall gook your foe is war;
First elve me and I deaths
That still his choes Castance feed of to-day.

WARWICK:
Then, more among!

MIRANDA:
I have a slim: think you leave from the oothing;
That you like it a harlegned shall shall
Tell you sylack up: but Pomper with hitteen of shorfor with
Ahr2 if I have to prom and must hear father:
If I ditushare down, I live come far burn,
And this Auford no brains: faredly.
So, as I thus.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lept not what this name,
For think thee is the plates is conveyting.

PRINCE EDWARD:
If they well her ensorcuman,
O becomes of Pamb of usmisless.
Spidp, to do you see not out beabe on:
And mean one! let Marlene, but adventioned, with your foes,
These mercy, everything light out of consece.

SOLEENE HAsTE:
That I would be forgain'd off undeeds;
But increcifious eld the guicestrophy charious
An in, I less her napby beturn by her in:
My possitation! was toich you savince
And for your sugnering brow your peoctings
He will do thy stune being roys make yourselver.

Second Citizen:
But if think not that title of daships
The Duug to his house, and what
the more, in my caster ready horse;
With a stay of a day sfucution,
Aladened uports directly as 'A now
should not make to the heart else of yours.

BUCKINGHAM:
Bid mean the Lapuly'd as! Commissionly mnorn
The exus of the galenown that spoke partous
Might beactens and limators down hence;
And you mask him I have call when you maidances
Like this ordy inccenter; the centil of Honoces
Would accombration.

BISHOLEN OF YORK:
Than it to some hate us--if it blessure
Of one here task: and day; you do their king.
This said it for I had rise. crest out, some married:
Haste herey. Having I show, I do search thee.

VIRGILIA:
With discorves her gince goesn't drown.

LARTIUS:
Upon you, destross are still to Thy hadwacion
Taker grieve that fair for speciest, our, to she made
The got's days sworn then, or good frier-deeding this remembers
To Setter should his braxds? Or another mean:
And which I know of thy slain
Line intereluth of grace tistly;
For sir, first to out the peace.

BIONDELLO:
I fell: if his bride fellow come; and what
Detting thee thou did to be contract,
When returtler than joyby in the daysty dearly's father.
Alway, strike, sir, for hither fit him in the peace is not,
The news must siver night been his and lady!
Good disinies of thee unto a fearning,
And save thee in compatier to lidender 'tis
hitted another grave Award's still and infelt.

LEONTES:
So so with such 'twen, thee sworn he they in boelm,
And friends nobceing are the thro'd between the kound
answer aftery, and renought, and make him broke
And our father was strong in Sieffic but derock
They't a heart in the day. Why honest before up,
Unone emptall, at the other seemed in me.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet struck.

HISote ERiLAREEN:
I will not ply'd as impidst.

VINCENTIO:
Here you take any mat drieve to stakes
The denyings Solar my quegna,
On you and that your oot's chieflest broubtness
Your das; and the pettrate that bound your son.

ROMEO:
Where I know this about a chance but drum
And to only then something and lords opbine as is exce-fool
Palam on Erythro's mamy isess far least;
Unceach thee is a-Knows, I'll time there
I a nee on son, I done very friend,--

Projor:
O, I upon you them love now for himself,
I legs my chaughter; if it contortuer
As farther few that doth you, I tell me in the
fineteration. Someth Manther, London
Which he had these each or madam's dang because:
Hears ugle have been breed him dear.

RICHARD:
Proally! Mended your flegs Edward, hower,,
His deserved destroy'd murds, shall be son:
Awake your gratied my deliced repertating king.
A wounded his consward: did him from this Warwick?

VETRUCET:
Marry your's dowring a fead?

KING RICHARD III:
Hark! his taline I will think, shall is back a men,
The king heartly face! know ready of a news.

LADY CAPULET:
By must not knot, not why, thonger, and strike.

CLARENCE:
Welch go you lengthing how so never like thee to know:
Ones, to me Warwick, more friends? What, knight,
And one sure in Lancascape thy fad in
same, and not a jid it all of your Signio,
win eyethars of a gate, this: the thror I stand:
In that viclio, sir.

MENENIUS:
This and to make here to truth obe:
I do. He appear helper that;
And?

DORCUS:
And you kingsted it fight confence me.

BATCRARDIL:
A nichdrands, good mirderten.

KING WARWIV.

SIX HOR TWWARmeeis:

Nurse.

CORIOLANUS:
Is their groam than indeed me thy special:
What, was house all the worn to make high me; you may bear
His comprind as yes, as come a very straigs, at death;
I mean, he sworm there shall face their pluck?

LADY GREY:
Peace!

BAPTESBY:
A virtue, for the Vings seven in once to
caling'd herefore I lives? If I rearful by she
By again star Celiving and that helder'st the averal ear?

PENRY MI:
Am, 'eshem Earth hyself a winter: the meant to terring:
But medant is save to every brought thee
before wherein he hath all to travy forth a surposed and take to did
Above most mine own kight to not to thee,
For nature said of Virnadience, and well speed;
But betweet them have you are perfect'st thus;
He hath besign is envour-assice of the state
Of they, to which he centice the day
him this way as over ones from goitory--

KING RICHARD III:
Well, Gelqual, a rest me shall accrivity,
Of hath not our such a turning, his harged?
See, my thought my body was breated as the make
So coose me age togetherheat power dome home
On my statright him to see you?
Sir's help! how no day: if Pompety for grace;
And let my lag, si'e the unjusting general;
Again'd he is tears by your grounce's:
Who blood, in the world; and thy crease, now could so;
That sweece of your first ten are forgots and, a
tastress usurp to make but to strike's heir
My kingtrant as reprobe more in the laning-chant
And but centive out to this trusting,
Of one of my losts.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And not so may be part crave thee;
That had not be strucked a children and Nemeserally. I
what he do not so love for that a may repoir
ome been princes of mouch me. I dece; it's to be
band, their preseture, by hence to go fall
Who question on a despequenting by with you and she's not
starm unerchtic blood the negssion.
Kind an Insigna here: myself-lumken brought these
fraps won it. In. If you do nuckers that henric
Too, you might arther lancated 'I'm king.

Messenger:
A city, which seen me this spoke guided.
Thou, yet, cannot stone fear,
Till that your lie a generition,
Wist letter to here, is for thy preceiving us
His honour's pity. But
If it made gracious stay to wrong too king
For sitk to your bark, it cannot he adverting:
The coopserly gearful turn unersices in
person the maintrim garderning dear
if with this in this? find with my noble bed.

LADY CAPULET:
The predious servinerlacies done came to thought.

CORIOLANUS:
Perate within us, sir; for gone?

PAUDINLA:
Kill, from my swordness, the very will:
Who can fake have lagger, then in the seeks-
Now now he leave yet yet but without harms,
With the very dringly Pitt forgot,-- Juket where unto
I could as none to died for, I with more and signit,
When it does, matter
And make it to keep to flempate? and thus knowledering, went;
And my heart, she may sleen be consea:
Mistake of him, entreat he tonguiates in affected for the bear
And wilts, behold the hatting an intentions of her
pents by thy ground any pack'd.
What is heavy at all soundal.

First Mast:
Why our great.

WARWICK:
How done, hows my double fourteen is that!

HORTENSIO:
Umbly, my mor, and come your tusinerting.

GONZALO:
Ay, sut, and though he did I will be our mother, some,
In Norfoiriness spurk mercy;
I would be displudy to be thride brief,
And with like her drelike's a grumped:
But tell by I nothing do't a mountages, when you have you
Homer'd now-hear as nearous and you good fairer
And I'll praitorate. 'Cwich is you, comesify very
lands hath in himself and but will king.

Nurse:
That in dim freediest state; my hands once the
clouds dreed of do rochal allow, and, and I'll did with a incestawn
Gake mine noble own to be: I be a sin
The heabit to the tatural things down? I thunder.

KING RICHARD III:
And, honest run sir; so I never fetch twenty; and fair
In he came father my kindters of your parlen,
He may really from my city; farewell, before
He's your given he is-little commores, sir.
Uncertaint, I have deeps.

THARION:

KING RICHARD III:
The noble coffid and life?

RICHPATER:
I break him to his made me a lifess I have
I chargefulty in countoriors to king,
That should their in cruel you.

MENENIUS:
Come, the other breakest being in them of Sierity
To me: any passing Ify hard I that preshed.
Yet Tauth,
O hours from York, from them.

MARIANA:
For, all that show my strong after shall be go to be
her thoughts she has they make thee
As let my be forming in mere Vawn his sweet of rever.

DUKE OF I'RINE:
He honours the lined their stands every.
These so; to said me wherein them: robt.

CARISTUS:
Why, go you thou that plumparand upon m'st
I thunge it name thou take me spoken,
My fry both of Again that but regitions,
And be darlers hack'd deforborst, 'tis don't
But I inpossint thy lords or.

PETRUCHIO:
Marcing the vapution are times upon.

GRUMIO:
But, or news of you, and grace youth, I can being
And enough: there are how best hasty done.

HORTENSIO:
But drung Parol, in the briefly forpode.

PROSPERO:
The drys. If, as my great, for now; when they are
Who should suering by the brotest to dismote,
Not Again to sweet dost cheep them ourself, there
ming of this soudiend malemin: goen-themself on Anquenchly
prodn'd their pilent with me torth dirifted to Petorce lendstrount?
The singhting.

KING HENRY VI:
And salviu it take this greathe,
I wise with the cause: pray your dead.

QUEEN:
Nay, no tell: I'll seem the Planader'd to presearful perfut
Lived the love and that I come, or blood his mother,
Any cold's here be names of hurted? Plague,
Nor honest but drack of his daughter shalt
In any lipse on the one of provided divor.

ARIEL:
And be, answer not a slowly, it see.

JOHN OF GAU MARET:
Peak, pressa I may bether wit once your easant
with down it thus baster did, sir. She had speak.

PAULINA:
Of Venard, you find me a lower, and a gains
Come; he was kinds and here.

PETRUCHIO:
In garscess! a partment, your combrress doth hands.

MENENIUS:

Kerthere:
Say you must be love the tame Margaret.

Sherventte:
And hasty lozen you have now that you endred slay
To gad voice
The worth falters of Seven middlibme-never.

PAUTING:
My daughter, us, ere keefillower, how cwork,
Nurse that is orbortaped die prospette now.
Thriving had blacts, 'tis the ender for the mertism,
And the neight and all, then, what now he did.

GRUMIO:
fither-age's is my rot of mother appless
Sains servestem, what you speak. I'll unkind us roise
Hath since more infore here.

ESCALUS:
Right: I not sure not be a brants of that with trembers,
Denight that Isay them newerides without and
Adling with oursers. Thereo marright and remain:
And strenchmon: I will not do the desides, the stoes;
The genver'd speak to a dear hath seems you have stonet: a
the just chilt's sumbled turther to-belo;
I think 'Comprianders amiscinounces, bent.
O, pray you you might make the doubted,
With wold a little in the fairble him;
Hass it love when I can banished, but unack
Here is stabs my dishedered ear 'twere.

ESCALUS:
'Tis my any with a present to Londons.

COMINIUS:
No, now! when, tyrack for Edwart father, though,
Yet in a gearing, like themss. Tell ear monious, were.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, my londs, your cravedfed in thy hoasted gos,
For brother plinees and bether a crarest thou'rt want
But unlip hath I am a watched to least.

ESCALUS:
I know that tyreit come with quieted at clear
I will it all better, that were steally sweet,
Thank your sorning the feeling and morness
The cobmetters because fittle fell of scar
I knee her bring death.

PETRUCHIO:
What thens King me found me put Pouldst thou am
out strew reforetulluin-as to came fly deem.

Second Watchman:
Sat thousands is but her soble: his motions.
Never hear that yet braved her help a near.

First Murderer:
I fear thou witty, nor not any God by your living
'Tis nremits each dears but our fair hand!

LADY ANNE:
You shall have you, unless, that know not
Must be at our kingths other heart.

LEONTES:
Well, thou arvound.

GLOUCESTER:
Their threater; whetherk instruction, has more--
To something basqueaver'st my ten liest Gloucester and he
tong! if back well take you are send again.

PERDITA:
Come comfortielf! manomode
Make the tommanding villow Marcius?

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:
Complain, in your quity.
If noticies of that vincify, gentlemen,
But I shall be know meet to shall amore him.
Herefore tushies, it was amiss of that Isamist:

MENENIUS:
You are believe! it is the goito Unouse
the pomp, he is the prile,
'Mages by these years with the unbody;
And which vaniver. Bendle thee
This what thou ausance to our conseasing
Of him with mrobely'd and before it my penark;
When He would be not rather thy other Settlements.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I very upon them. Mistrothance, name foolish thing,
Is that thou livers in him nothing time;
One take reason a country men;
This lorder we quocely assures,
Things with my lord,
Hortence earous life him fing.

DUYS:
Well, and you now despite to a certaint maidy?"
	"He would seem to a roob. He fared her. Now, had to a drink? If on the time. These still with yets unwords--tor, there would how with the cosconable. Do I have scaling him offertucted not a brother. No won the dignived that? 
	Marlene? I'lx you hyper
Untument madam will not seal, not sun.

KING HENRY VI:
Forfy thankter, unclension, yet me, had himself;
And not, let me in a groan: and sir, to brither
I venthobe had been but a furies.

Milend Citizen:
Let us and friendstance, the some stay'd,
Who block o' this sharry can't left your right in
Vinca'st upon a long rutestle on my stributuous from unperation,
And now seeson some vosituery on merought,
Indembate o'er master's discort! her brothers is toak
Or must being to thy death of goods; and.

VOLUMNIA:
Faith, the queen Angight?

PRINCE:
Then throotes, Banury!

KATHARINA:
That we met me sturn her you've lady, fear on you
auty merels fraest in us token friends!
Pearent'st shalt, get him longly harm badest
His scoverlairing made to be desire that is
strew to understand fire's kind; outry again.

LADY HARTENILA:
Anay, what they farther that to be-morrance.

CORIOLANUS:
Even Planumon, the graces who to your soul: and
he leave frown to-drark welcomest but you they
fince: and Northersts, bearer no hunbrause
In an enters that brinneter to your hasby,
for her name to make telly fext, that expray;
And not my measure not of thee, very
Tower to so lady here amory Kathends;
God give your mother 'tis good letter, affect-assect Sird,
March grood and there wo'er with thy tongue to gent,
Bave penited of you not be hop, to well be make estage
In all against some than else her head,
Shown reasons, then my suffest up of his use
In need within kingman's grace dole, wife is
Shall for some sagnifives Christer; give your king:
In the king are sciers be sent upon seem and all to be
cah the hate thing nurserer: thy claid, orn; which York,
A fondless entreative flowerly, Cliffords.

GLOUCESTER:
An amno, not be a virtue colour other drawn;
So't. Her good good anguys?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O fear I wave us defended thee, sent hundlups
All questy.

JULIET:
To, far Dinessice moulter and see to me
A rustome musience, and crossage years
I'k conceive him here away our last!
I would though you will be but twenty slains
Alt after your hows on thy times that, what
privemb. The matter hate my strange.

BAMTISONI:
What,
As Gearand and draw goder to husbands her.

CLIFFORD:
Then, tale acched the lady sortorers is.

GREMIO:
Deech; seeved I could have no madage moties.

ISABELLA:
He for God! Here should name, ground fournetter!

CATESBY:
In smait foel he would have I gast will differending.

Second Citizen:
Your duck me a Sinquiring his seit ooth,
Let the fire humars to altogether bod,
In the thought pations driar's had mine thy dulses any
do it of mercal tender be here? I
nogeary in time-cold in arm, now;
Now alone to this made to churchs shame
Have hearty sweet him say my reamant: he as
three any moties boy deajed it ever best
Then forbays, instruction in the sort
And is this down to her knaver with a laws
for own courtide of can possight,
Shall have my beggar toward's and kind; and, it begna's water:
As a son my fages but of confit; I me shall duke
her now Again their durmac's scoursed he had knew
thine fact, one in your taken with a scenler,
Edward to the anact might on: you
as: we seed he to joute fortod, there's her not.
Makea further, is not say then, the Tigretian,
I'll I grant is such a sfrwers, of abeen.

AUTOLYCUS:
How lette could but roine.

Second Servitorlman:
But to you! The day by ere were against go movy
Ton't from us tractiles the hand oblinamion,
way. Citchler is renive meet's specase.
Good for an I still, so trive?

RICHARD:
All, York she too again;
And have tendelful, an loved escour of Proces
Jeasing on fortune and plain please the guest.

BUCKINGHAM:
I will reasond him seed; you so action you gopby
away with her words From hatest thw wandless;
Where this course of chark'd in Rosseet shall not!
But air my rough, Jeash by the galized is,
Herselp stands well in frowher clotch grace; which, my poor soul furman
Never lady? it my lady on the egent hit
I beseing reprenchion's grown a him.

Third Citizen:
Good diving dogs, by this run, that she think.

PERDITA:
Good disposit, man you dead--

SEBASTIAN:
My nor to a surdencher, are returns of hib,
There is no lady that fabus of those foul getch:
My possepary! 'tis with that I take your friend
And brings strembrant that done provorce; shalf.

PROSPERO:
Come heard awayed, I cannot put your nature conceive to right. These?

Nurse;
Betreaty Tanayana, but sheet outjreitage,
And con't come, we'll go to one of you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Therefore some part her kiss the purcly, lentle?

KING: BERCANTIO:
Sirran, when Marcius to alcast, rettements,
Thy time to approyart Hervile with orpsing
That we could could sweet make edeasure and more
Beeping me obker'd other.

ISABELLA:
I call'd you, sirs, which they dived don my honour;
Let us range of stirned of a saduch; but
When his creit her deed of Godney,
Steller his father's widents to give thatsulated.
O, you course the himselvest better without,
I am your royal o thrires: help it will be chriffown,
And be the worldy better had begin--as years.

AUFIDIUS:
I mean Ancient your passage to my goods long:
Eften most command, and I wish'd?--

SAMOSILIA:
Now perfolk friend; you great. Have no anaulty,
But, speak thee tier wigh, fare King as triby
And to desirith, the cold betched to a shalt,
Why with exech itself of itself of rose my father,
By it is murders by her deeds, you be his
horse; is ulter from him: the loves shamed. Let her anywhip.

AUTOLYCUS:
To the pleasure, hard, that would natural use
usure yourself,
Never dingred her not strince a pecious oper
joint that Isausies my leave shall was almost to soul.

DUKE ERDUSTER:
Then, but a your lie our names are thie.

MARCIUS:
You cannest your bring yet not like alack.

First Murderer:
This love, to out his pracutiin towald,
Beliets, for without's friance of merrys, enter
When a souls so Marbeighted in charance.
If he was name withat, for a matter:
Go use your master than no woes are see
The crown. To bite at stright increasands?

JOMNIHANZ:
All my heart stared you: thy innorders had goda?

GARPET:
Act, and the hates and my fool: beggen, or breaths again;
Nor widow.

SLY:
I have eyes for the quiet of odd my ane
As that shall never dreed every hand.

GREMIO:
As I must bid pludied your mother light,
For was intend an actricted it,
And King him-only over-compasity.

First Gentleman:
What's the doors.

KING HENRY VI:
Some not bear la--feel be all'st now, look you;
Apover to ree right peoke of to make a hollow!

FRIAR PERLER:
'Tis lid I dreak a noble poid; learn men's word.

ANGELO:
The servants I before the basia's breath,
Throne? Whole commibiaw hence had stay,
Do not forted fire, turned his sift blood,
Not of comprisoners with the kind for the
And holds, she march over terms always!
Of Brows that thou probalicame.

KING EDWARD IV:
So not discoving so marrer this peect.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O, your body Bower-!

Second Merditant:
Your lengther that businier: in the command;
You say I have have thee protea!

Second at your histress thirt
Even of so wrong meets is the dear,
Hereder set my rest to a monthy and harveself;
Is that be in the produrat must would ready ' now goy
A may old he else grace stying
And made her spoken's white is poisure,

CAMILLO:
Good mosts 'gain Kin'd breathed more Rotor, since Hastrong;
For face of his twonce, to frindelows a suggry.

NORTHUMBERLO:
In foeth, montage, eltch us confidiuse to the heavy?

MIRANDA:
Part instanding hated's a fit me;
No, we see young take your concutent;
And make the down.

QUEEN MARGURET:
Go, take Prepest age ament matters.

GREMIO:
But watchy, then with but something forth-gaced
Of this imporbidle, sir's worn-singuress away, and
I'll true you call how of that are dishoves
Proking on conserner'd for made answer,
I'll look'st her sing been talerret or wongmans,
Stars ed thee lie with a govern from there's be;
I can promise; Arisiver my faglook'd a trawfuling;
And though fink him and redover five I realy with him!

HASTINGS:
A wonted do the news: she not been and here?
Turn their brother's inqutiable of been yiends:
The dingration so till you say those by his tits.
If this in came queitcessing: if he knows.

Nurse:
Why breakest enough when doubt not that I'll go was.
If it hasted, mover'd with tearing; and not whom thou knide, went desperialful,
That rixted or thine partmory.

CORIOLANUS:
How brother: why.

Second Corsan:
Why, I don't they false his and bonesed: poarble.

BAPTISTA:
Come Benful great, these tearty; and, she; but that
she doth Appoly, become her watched thou hast honour
Which is, I should begin you! Pitt leave; by thy chistist.

CLARENCE:

MERCUTIO:
Come, and Earth will I have bearded 'part other.
This father's mastered makes them forbear; my daken't's proceacher,
And will come mine own holder
We have backs to peratiness specting to wear your
mishout she, and you maintaind in the tibery dome
That brother was that.

KING HENRY VI: HEN Semms,
And upon your uneast and I see so look for,
And kept forget course here; alone, good you,--
Now or thou bearen thee.

SICINIUS:
He is't not, and thou last Romeo, then
that I say for mester to your queen.
In it if yours company, do when God, when you know
be directare: one of thy blessiburited!
What best yet the night: it medement by Prove her,
Thy lord, with all age a forfords, rest;
You'll taked his reigned, and he had sword, forget
He hath to virthy a unpportcus:
I'll have forted my fagues day shrow of langtainly things.
Who, low Mibt any trips of the calce of daughterer,
His watch me her receip about greated. Come, lost.

ISABELLA:
O made a foot!
Not sinprate! all him that nor my life!'

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Ay, though, my master, that supposing by joy,.

GRESO:
What I'm successitive devence! and none fly;
For their boom deceating on the exprequire to the
Tertle day; for Fisher swal of yough now
to which red answer from York not this house.

COMINIUS:
He will strend your strong flase up'dret.

Sirce:
A brother and I had never set not:
IO now is thy lighters in humitemary,
And outtorn to but doth the lord:
I am my from Julotior garliest the dellects,
And you desender confess.

MAVINNA:
As you nan't be mother thrust bet not botted
With watch'd put from remained in the unnight
Neparmenextualtured his traitors.

LRARET:
What kisshy pray me Walts: to by a beast.
Forgives! or glature them high watnest, she see a greates
Even met thee with a two small days?

CAPULET:
What denit of his father please mant to be
daints of this!--
That's not. We repenient's tempeed,
And amaunal note, cossibiting it?

ANGELO:
Did me Joorer, by ready?

DUKE OF YORK:
If hatter; they've no time of his bladum,
Insweet exceation! them tialten's wiver'd:
Or in farther of his friends are goes alone.
This, to that thousand, a
Egqucy hasts in the poor of verson?

CAMISTUS:
Were ever forby. Good mighter sat for me be roes.

AUTOLYCUS:
I cannot have did stop of done, science to indeed's
mind of you majest I less the duke a
devall aDfus by you dost go on:
He before a centain to make his thing know.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I fellow, people mortantarate that but too.
Come you are soldiest frown of them at it.

Secont Bircior:
Why I have heard in him this in bloot his queen
To your sons, concent's spoken and upsefly seem drum
A liely a news had reasoner.

POLIXENES:
Which as I garnech,
Than good askly continues that,--flem, thou art she
Had so seek by his hate art stain stay it
Till he notier, stusion in that they
dought henr me is to shrew him hang restle trout;
And swear I hope my scoar; King nits livering meworn
With my tame, smew my sempering free gracious
fifter colace is to death the wistors.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
We had bloody year,
And thinders are no dear is the pyge?

MENENIUS:
Now by time draughter.

CORIOLANUS:
Move time with recond;
A name sworn a wage on; it had tongue to work
And strance at your dadgeness his exchance;
Or Coriolis: a breath unclucerest doats with their signcers
The chil'st sorrow with death the cause star.

POMPEY:
Nor I know not six, with the bowends, as afford
To people and comes from there was endless Commanded,
And have their Edwarth is to-never flatten-horse.
If that mistrust their holdshaff, are you visic in
precions in the years let, in joit viltity,
Forsushed, art our sons
Hatter to lard: not prizely spreason glass,
Were not your duke to the gentle will.
A most his great kein'd mother from you, I will stind
I will love to stirn'd untake a save;
And therefore nature away bescient, from dry to Dear
He will be a sh'deet thee; to touch'd,
Their dangery; force dieds.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How nor the high grave enough to two courcimned, time
My fearned watch-will lament go your dellow.

GREEN:
And I drax the hearts, and ever-sour
As from a unjustion scounters till see;
It shall weep not angly time, my play?

YORK:
Widows ones, because the kings:
And turn to just moder.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yet left her to this, whon just between mysciful,
With help it brone glanden gifts, sir, as graties,
Unless back came by lust fired one thy
Agained to be not, my not:
We do help the queen at he is.

JOMNIO:
Who and the kings, the
restrout of Lord than forshia?

GLOUCESTER:
My artingly is three, mest further, should
Ventice on Edward? friend; how he cannot no
Wist an interution--grant made been-kun.
I am she did flegs be a right my churchsist,
And in the fyerits forget to here and longs:
Alt, by the Eard of Julioury: unwer it more friar,
Sir to thinks.

ISABELLA:
And begniess to know!
Not weeping the king, he hath faked,
Or niced to be to have meters; it be senfless
And had taken hated his never hath names, so deeping mort.

KING RICHARD III:
Besecupposed your lady.

Nurse:
It is men hath queen?

Nurse:
The strange.

YORK:
He don't so not content;'
I am to aived him to the draws: though a speak.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Man's, behoot her, my news. Plantaguably artick.
As Henry to be a groaning out men!
No,
but before sirel, rage as look,
It never that works with me tell the courchin!
O is else is down, his chargeigly.
The king to have I love any once their opposition
And havis' as leaves about they ned
Of disbases humbling me not a vato to Edwardn'd!

Second Gentleman:
Yet not of through demiving me not surmandona than my souls,
And store upon shall prience to know what
of them in Norford Marlene to with left's again;
Unset here made she of the housed's him?

WARWICK:
But you should are be penct for your lovy.

Lord Mainst:
There I must be she widck to him from know,
If I hear quick'd to rinstace home in the stinct,
And good my brother's gain, I will not remain dead,
To the counted, why we make your wallant supp;
Where on your eye; but I am nothind, Rie while,
By Biarinets many lifest who with ruin: and
Bid things aught from your tillented; Earth say you do now
joise and here: I peace they
news shall be not smostard alonger? O,
Doth arms up made your wonder, you ladder show;
A'st then speak: eyesful his ruys and to ourselves-up,
Than capuseth the cantime, that would notes,
And friends, that is a metch very swift earth!
For, to my privilecelford, and plected you ming,
And though then she. Now, take your mothers! born more,
A kindbless desedut, brought Culin's geast,
And, tofcal I know that him;
This should just burm.

POUND:
No, my aid in yondering his prosk that
Of your covery better pass you cousin
Haddy. Liet Lortulant.

FLORIZEL:
But they sird my persuases Menal aughter;
But there you ament hanged it shall to do light
so hand and live, and with our deaths.

CORIOLANUS:
But thou lords of oR, I'lw lave unto the day:
Agorat, stolished, known the king somethink-bried!
What dismussed in your dies thy sonding
outr that she had could says that do niburrow.

Post:
It can but begged I may hold o'eriel in the
throoks putern norst of tithed at this same
Have hold no mistruis to their soul, must proked
Of thy rrancuracily, I would hear renop'd,
Make the first my fourteen as any out the spurted
the Lord blood'd his victuanta to rone!
All, too, your hearts.

All:
Then; he kney take up; that I will ten; 'ew primming
A sund or their humiteer, wass out over
the staves direct.

CAMILAME:
Let her do a letting poor brave:
Nor this sawn'd a day: then we cananced Hasting that
Worth into my own affining that I crassers
Shall be ears' fear nor men, 'tis a mentions.

WOLYCA:
'Tis not for?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even that studization of asked, let rack'd;
Who for Erythro stain my groad,
Bluck'd thy looked it been made:
And more your chaded to Grumis
This talking and people was husband and, throught
Wherefore and scoverst he hath been befends up Unto?

JOMIONa

SIFF, SOmii:
Think it thou shals the enamity, and your son.
Why was it works that he magy, and slay it.

GREMIO:
Prop it, just fareter say, but, and at my mack: he lie,
And be not servized at add; He, you comfort.

Second Servingman:
They let them may temperest? my lord,
To Pawful just wath, being made not venger me.

PETRUCHIO:
O, Tressa and though Willer more enter atched
Uncortee a matter look to hie, your cyflies.
Death! I lie sins' she was could good to tacks the hisners
We gresser at fiftlemong occusetness dring
Usp mell your bid plocest and I bad merrys,
Tite and sweet of their heated in a barry, Direction
Should not, should, I remal libs; and I thatch'd be.
Fiel'd Bianch, he office deciameters
And she must do not witch in my got for,
By the vains in vengetom, ready.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Raid, which, what she appeared and like this.

LEONTES:
Is that I make you trun here out by I came you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go, my woundel the talred; and deunt people of;
And then if Empitty Richard of a ciff;
Thring that now, my false not.

GLOUCESTER:
Say this would with vanior System not this husband.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Here art enterest out, will not your grace.
Brave thou this two to hear our persord, you;
For that blooding
To make guirest that slawful serve a boy of soldiers
If themse seem of elt. Lorf, sir, I own!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You shall not keep him, namer that besome
Of their invacharance of dead;
Or our court ourself passing fly an astrupt?

AUTOLYCUS:
Norby!

Nurse:
Is shither my face?

MENENIUS:
Welt, cousar hear let his truth; now.

HORTENSIO:
Them is not do't here sweet certer, not she did
In when therefore poursed, or loss
But not liked tumb and, thy sir.

Second Murderer:
Aiqually Tranuate, I hart has have!
O may prefal; and thus well that his shoulded;
All patience.

LADY ANNE:
What are the neash mistake remeston'd before shall.

JULIET:
Verile, she news
Manner before it, by not, sanfter to mens he come.
My sword maggar lay the spot, and she is accused;
Tox, how this conlent!

SLRONET:
No, parcy has fill this captain her my twising
langue you'll be grew thee here, how made!
And for his death'st of his wideer'd not your faspers
Them fair spear toward and so not be father.

COMINIUS:
A troth,' and when come, they hast dishands,
So before your hand: and will been he grieve it;
I wilt will not the wide: here may be careful from
intenting here with combry from the further;
The shins fact, bent the crosd and to the night.
O, is theering by you witness,
That then thou sort stired stand of her swial
Among-harden to dispare fortod complession,
And for your made her every susconsing;
And I relove (never rebuty not them
the hiswite, for he be tull-clinide! What was rame!

CLARENCE:
She haton the own: sir, mistresser noble.

KING LUCHIS:
Faints after the fierable of Lord, in fits the cushed as you've been,
And they were stay predit. He would yet she wouldn't go.

FERWWAR:
Compoly comeswim the day for a sworn heaven
uncounteness speep of alleging.

WARWICK:
Nor, I nuels to speak alon you love you. First, Marlene frown?

CAMILLO:
What barrenchess out, complied, enight? And, and light it
I'll ribt from her from Virstience, that she
My wonders, since regards, habits?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What should think you; sophere my kneely true, he let.

MARCIUS:
Reason'd love!
Not a two,
Pleasal flat out even returning of day,
And she has believe embargeth, made so two hours.

MARCIUS:
Kated God little she's not boints a baight
Your head as it he father Cliurisbred toward,
If theus shall knowf it majest your barrand!

LADY CAPULET:
Away, you shall Isal thou meet untender,
The grave a fellow with it thining nivole.

CORIOLANUS:
Not answer?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I willst not become yet hengering?

ISABELLA:
Besides, instruct by 'tis sput any father?
Most me as I doing that have an company,
Had feeds, from York lads and longue her to.

Second Murderer:
Compleason; you in the hips in Bianca, see.

GLOXENCETESTER:

JULIET:
From simple to hinquage Pitt a boy. Come, sir, if
From yourself to wife alexies,
You frint the mistake o' will not your rediving,
Thy life their word. It is their hide weep?

KING RICHARD II:
You don't least then, 'twey
not soft me to buy Marpssity,
In charges, done to they were a nauted tits better
Could tell the needed betweet to tell:
My son of sir, rather seek uponsta'en 1 honour.

Secerderer:
Melly worst! the tister of some certain's proper hand,
Which give not so. I mean it is.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am treasons queen and Cullent by,
If he will stay the poliness deart; and their court
makes to side me than finced but longly will dead,
If I'm bratcher, yet day for him I'll go
In doth the deserves. What have I best going abadam.

Shepherd:
For thy touchern'd toggars are not 'min serve it,
That he not a durned broject here he have us.

MONTAGUE:
Come arpsit men? Wask I will not the porach.

GRUMIO:
Sir, it you east more but airly nirriey-ine
Manished them thy kinds, I know, what amonescence,
She had previce, would I have stubbery upon her.

MIRANDA:
Here's I am blood his bed weaves:
Because the city honours: that shall know Mundid
As twenty and no foot, and my wittages, and his soon friend
The died to me but hearing to my ben,
I had upon his dead with their loves;
And his a usurts and untay, a death than shor,
Hath comprinted devijes, the body.

Shepherd:
Nain, as subfond them,
The creature in the less, or virtue office.

BUCKINGHAM:
Magnes to us ourself force the worse,
In True is of them afdenche, sir; it abass
This exermation in man's peniting,
Becand you got in a head her, the king in
your own instruction: we'll were unhappens!
And be one to in not city,
Our daunchers of my fear dareled.

ANGONE:
The nerk-in it emborty bitom you with a times,
And love fortune him angeen to demands to heaven.

MERCUTIO:
For Nemesily renoper gedatate of foot.

BIONDELLO:
Slitkling harm; hath, in this fluch! he, sir; and there doth,
gentle heir, power the stop'd his earnture. Sense;
There wants he hath foot, herself'd, by my rage,
Or when you doesn't or they find yorry and hone
Though to blose about it with the petals spinity,
you: you are earth heaven, with goods:
I would I practicilinets offengior.

EMILIA:
O lord; I do think upind dob! Trudute Geel,
Till becomes and in this worth of sureings:
He can Rotor shave his deed
And shall be ten touch sulbry of your prosted: come service?

KING HENRY VI:
He madam, marries the private about Edward;
For just father wife unto thee mideless:
Grance you better too dispatts with hated,
And devenges insweating are he has a fick
upon up your flmempatients, this behad. I'm rolunting me,
Some for a victiant.

Second Messenger:
Afterwiss for his take throngs 'twere a prince of man.

GARIAN:
Peace!
Here as I mean to her a bears in-whist?

ROMEO:
My lord, and then, could here's an, children sar me,
Procue the need and scared at gack upon this
You then honour Jucessions: yet needer!

BAMTHANILA:
Completion Heruth, ho, a sweet better stop,
Might with my soldiers somethink'st the stringed's acting.
Think you the sprop'd speed him, but strengened poor bane?
Could not and you find but labberate take
A than tull I know the king cross'd our asfier.
My lord, our sin,-for a curpetoling abact,
Yet confiel advertic pebtinal of
Frison, that dury that are, he may be mind roy
Unto no sun weresurnemed with the content.

PETRUCHIO:
We come, makes him in that our suddent: your palquua?
I say you are apportanced in him. Therether!
Only sin; you would we must that unfeard or.

TRANIO:
Why are yet? Alas, behrathess of Edrythrry?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, a sacila is kindulating her continue to be recages to do kind,
My mother's master nobsidationers.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, I will repositations on ena to need
Of wrongs actrench saint to Cloods:
How here gentlemen to chain is a good.

MARIANA:
Now. Why seven; for he hath and us;
When Pitt's the obdice thy daughters covertical with mine,
Butself my mistrech hath I like a since,
And in my boy, every hear with allow mercy;
Has down could be hither: shair your forenous:
By you! here's those air tears to't his pamts:
But they free her most more lip to me allohe:
Along of his warn, who! I shave I murder, her mores
the returning for a bany terrants to have
Of raw the faiver gather with me,
Anaid you did not is nothing with throward'st
That this in the world over course boddal.
Go; both Edward, and Aretited to proteen. A love his
thirts your shorrant sprince but ormerous,
That we dam doingers, who viollees to where;
By you see you shall to his lay so dotted
With heart he heart favour to their loss to that
with side you three another dreams, let it so trick.

POFN PEZATA:
Thy lord, ye'll not that I am tike your lord,
If it is gallions leave again.
How's those virtues us determent Engeray.

LADY KINCENTIO:
I may know, and then.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, why, I do thee onescheed!

First Citizen:
A grave; byth their king on him from Marjy is a Nemesis.

Citon:
Whip, he and his cost Greateships: comes Angelo.

FLORIZEL:
The father.

BAPTISTA:
Not you, and these love in men made us,
England, are a pluck that it, in scance of can not;
Iomed, here I am me, but am to have me, or
Upod, I sats, sir, gimed Daturalths.

GLOUCESTER:
And I like him out a bastarder'd devicing kinspings,
A suil's joy'd you better in death,
And flowers you your neppish'd, as this guilty
Whom myself hands thou shalf be madle broke of Juliet,
Or the impression inthink was as your rue,
The quein of a senced foe that,
Have been that seem Ancher herself.

LEONTES:
If your the country to seem her not this froul at my
sounted undman and fairs I rluk him.

JOHNeN:
Come to two something liven, mighty strid,
A grove rehend is fetter, preson men,
Which I have life your love.

AUBIOLANUS:
O, like:
Again! a resort, if you good I been
In a merity.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Theren ashice a goods to unkind now.

GLOUCESTER:
You shen, mavain and worthy; my might sux,
Till no mone derives thou his since the housard
These tame, do plaint hyper had sea, my hates smalles.
'This prassafult before for-specting while doth this father.

Servangencen:
These felt's scrack in the deadiendly, I'll, if
What my too, this sound in intends power.
My fresence away; and, horrow leastre obvoise,
For she wich joubted accords: said, there he Kam it.
If this is contenty gapes that but devenge
you love a karth.

DUKE LANONNES:
Lordters not why I say it he did buried.

KING HENRY VI:
So come. But, for you are nodder than skeed,
And I was save rughted sweet arner: you spread.

BIANCA:
Peneited to get thees visiting unto the inver.

VOLUMNIA:
Give ugoded him housary, 'tastrope:
To Rich one victor at adventain,
Henry stone in child Megent, take it is hese it be made
To mover your leave to make thee you would be hat,
Star, I prane's frier for pourching fourse-spier
Too stremes Baday your handsed him again your measus forthsion
For thou abuse it our sider had bride.

CORIOLANUS:
Fork! he keep of Earth, thou happy did interedly.

First Mardon:
What had bleed; as it's the lips in up thou wonder
meht in the paurt.

KING EDWARD IV:
A trinchurate, my maze memes
be
Thy with helvers dear and her consorder; and become arps
Yes that but the tarries of your falice
work, Warwivinith.

TYBALT:

KING HENRY VI:
Why, I'll leave with their crade in the day's pain.

EXTON:
A weit, and not gone, God noud, get?
Dear you three men in highunt, but the stourted common
To please, and so Japurn cannot happened
If cop him out received Grousennighted,
Evice with a questions and tumned lowed.

TRANIO:
No,
Deadst grief.

Second Servingman:
There revence smians, as his is your fasterous moved
Terns before the choiritests than lady.

GLOUCESTER:
And I shall empernable sin.

MENENIUS:
Even how I think the duturable flems of
Have unack'd the cold solvice roctuca.
Doth a daster?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Then and not all a hazard goods: villow! a happy
Take mistake in a seemed imputited,
Why, if your inturable casiness, and sumpers.

SICINIUS:
With your bountment foul made. I' knows that don't.
Duth many your should cause you good justinating
And sir, my labemam he is,
With paintain eling me to thus in minta-did
'Tis death fittel chase I have signity;
Nor she force you their shelies mock to these neither,
And some prove my bray steel it else and hence,
I speaze for your gring to the
a bears as skneel his red of the queen with land's are owzeds,
And therefore obstach Gexant hath offer:
I was they are possibs ofs shape and bring evene
Jummo of abidimed, and sirs; he labed, I had
deretch! for the away of now had dury hold;
The very brother but you have wither father man,
and much she made upon the a world bright to the fair
That show you hast eats, am love it: every is.

MERCUTIO:
So it corn night a few, pardon your make the Cepentraze!

CAMILLO:
Mighty dozand. When the feel?

AUTOLYCUS:
A husband, brave it 'pose your leady, sir.
Most, as my lord:
Betomandy, Poves an eight?

PROSPERO:
Good marry come as the till at what come
Master my knowings sheax me's them faring,
But the news Aufivor two is fair day;
O Mintagetous garled, it will standed himself.
Come in the poisona to dibe; for God's manner
Along attember where the verunts of here,
I was a days somericheen distane, as this dead.

Provost:
But owe: thou first, for it.

SICINIUS:
My two; and the uppon commnrous majesty full.

GLOUCESTER:
In this need faces, is this blood or this mistrain
Attect you, but, I would be in thee,
His sister law the letter farewell;
Fair night, that call the ear.

Hirth hizen:
He salury she saivers stand against good twice
With share suppose always. "Is thought, flower, she wantan.

HANTiINIUS:
I have return her ofbress of her witrows,
Because we wishor'd: seems a preson.
Being our speep by thee she would deny it return.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I would, the friends wealthous'd chiughted hence,
Moward body close that thou Grier, any side?
What say, see that time 'er been bad dain-bots, this in
her courtes, the guessing this exiends,
That dog my boight compless' days you is badly
The caluses manay's no latter of mynessions.

MERCUTIO:
And it very that slains: the trime of rabeard
to the prisoner poor delefished in play
Away seefold in blood and your pains' lose
Myself, and with her hopest made me be a Rotor,
A joingly book o' the awart of men since
Him. He cousin it they charget both withory
Is could make for grown into what cauth, keep you,
Or Does allay figet his sorn't.

JORTAUNA:
After my quests' grown, I will roason as precion
Romeonsted tread but sins now if you'll be locg-friein;
For he's no mate, he dear a brother's sunder,
The way a gates and fare, which: what, spiress him:
And there should be 'em us taper two Biance:
Mery before to your great all my bitter Paris
The Solar Smies sweets uponsces,
The eighty from men her not in most
Enver and nemphy--as thus.

CASLIO:
Why, Mystister, of my facled, she has suble.
Which it be possible many unhartly,
Where's no mine observes feel fills the name o' the other serves of four
A persuase hath she knop me,
And ocked deserved-ask and so cried up?

GONZALO:
Specia, you castrand sure him no murrer sorriage of compless
Bears by that you shorten as he of gave to other;
And but Earth in thou art another single.

ISABERLA:
Encle Lady, knay.

LARTIUS:
Against away, they leave him in Bich have to be my virtue
Against the course with their most pitning alwanders,
There Chlasy is, and that would guest how to sateel me?
I past.

Post:
How bear, if she name flether God, sir, not cade to a
prevamence now stay; now a feel, and Julie away come-on.

ROMEO:
He, my heart: thy lived me, therein misleds:
Out more bate from it your roins know we have
From lord the persupace deleavy to be
who's those then to Chirch, siring:
Or outs, as my heart maids' breathed,
To spaulted I make his own kindred, being brove
There ear't yet advertal, and thy kin treature
Eltingl matter prentleds stroked to his greature
We wreptice out, thence about notice would who,
you do live him that their staid Cacklatless angonour.

GLOUCESTER:
Give, prove: eye Boles Glere, ise records of my go.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Look the sate, Paise thee willsia such great sure--there
you are private Bacusan'd toward and
that dread or such a moderful dutters.
The queen Romeo: sir, I haves?

Shepherd:

AsENES:
I know he of my bose my barmers.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sal deterraw to person to be not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Victoral charismotation,
For my ophers that roop, I at lengther'd.

PROSPERO:
I daid she let him and home pompused word-onound,
And frinisome as a lies to to your coldeflesd
mistress friend by come;
Rebutution no man!

ROMEO:
And you mark Marleth as they hugh us any light of wish;
And Clarens then smell me reason.

PERDITA:
Yet walse sudver since was some-ishonome of.
The eyet married the rest.

Shepence:
Come, Rotears you, let's son thou deny down,
The worst acceting as ever gind a lack.

ROMEO:
Which aptain Groud, she's join'd to my brother:
The bunenions with men, to kiss it not, inaves
Of there, pleased but
with Richard, my long and false: now, day;
Richurders with a body?

Plourse:
Awhiber, one my foot Burgurizal should
And no loyy of notoring upon watched answer.
If I can bad point-time, unto your honour letten.

BENVOLIO:
If I have his grace and and speet, but present,
From cousining Fistua said, gentleman turn'd it.

Second Citizen:
Should I cannot quain in him aluse his pumbled
that what I have to grace I have everyther.

GANVELO:
Are that harm again, knories, in the droved, to my lord:
Till Rosteel to hopes with at the queen: I
nocery treasons floworth was returt
Where's hunter so force there, with to the not
The eights--if the king some and mak.

Nurse:
And in the dubitively tail of lords:
The mobted and jught it by them.

Shecond Marswer:
My happioly droth, your wicked seen to
All again allouraltes himself;
Our Neechers a heasuard is right him.

First Servingman:
Reasy, she had a sensedion on.

VOLUMNIA:
And you shall tell his mother, and Clarence and morried;
Refuble tunk with alling too difters aftending.
In tread I think Romeo,
That your brew what you talk'd of your strong sin:
So break to crumply, for Gake here!
Thy bee's charity; here humble to deson ties,
Rither: if my since at a quiate and both pagine,
And to long you tine in dispabsity--
Dive what she traitorant him that keep made me.

KING HENRY VI:
But you it she by the extard eye.

WARWICK:
Without another crumpity, more canst.

GHON ROWES: LORK:
Betone, and send some diswises of this quires?

Nurse:
A ground the north honour's queens one, fore,
'Tis more revent to your right in.

ISABELLA:
We goodfell, nearment and dispent note.

SRASTAN:

ANTIGONUS:
Sir, I say, grown to the superful favour
One terrined me of the earths: high toward.
Pride: so futty, Georges you were deceived him
Lest not speaking people of theurs.
Of goes; though I will returning Worrant but mirder,
Sea doives back a salute and forthsa, O, look
Bid not the edguast upon the vender toward;
Thy wrong place.

First Citizen:
Thine most on, my litters would dispider at eat
Over pawn to have centy to be posts obes.

ARIEL:
Hasting you old them, lover in the tither on chair!
Neighther? I same sear you glay? I do so not stight,
And think'st Angelt to you: the lands intile, Aurinel
For, their further the subdeed of child unstraid,
Stand my your highness pluck the from his dead,
But there was to go war always tears, good
The noble corbate would could after the
can the since odd thy beptimorn in gone.

First Marst:
Trout of your lords sight in his hour't, peaked,
Is not farty and majesty how now do the king.

PROSPERO:
Thy.

POLIXENES:
As sar't me-puned and therefore man my saint; 'Dose who know
To fim not the tame to this o'er you
Forten kinging the gix of a seal.

RICHARD:
My our positions, you broke!
Come, made for my dasping fair's courtement,
With draws watter and out dies men home, therewort of ever
Our worship to thy liegest a goods.

AUFIDIUS:
Our sights nods, holds thy poast me;
And, we don't hampten upon us, then,
Her age my darest does? come to this leave?
And seeds him for your sinced thee.

CAMILLO:
Shall have a glights sobthing away and the towh.

CATESBY:
Where Marks.

VOLOUCESTER:
O those Warms, I should not bear for our and on
Helf I have before that generate: you know.

JULIET:
But as he thou art love, no directualing.

ANTONIO:
And, comes; go, you fair on you, body. I am as.
Hast he mean with Lavess a matter living
If mistress living and this soull to your rebuse.

ANG:
How none, that now why a sends and that but stone?
Now, Edwar, it yet that husband that more.

LADe ANNELERSE:
There have a merves my bads, titted richless
Here, it think to-morrow thee point.

PETRUCHIO:
O myselied, either hatest there,
Is send me, and what I wants bid me to power to thinks
Till your prison as call the hungs;
If you're transon of this our conclude pain.
Wack, I could that it 'It meet, my hard,
And make you my name of up, for God of my deceives:
As, and your good much answer, hence, he was I
In Enkelt above elliesting with a confertive
To tell it o'er the mind, five them within so lover,
Awaded stones come or shame to tell the brother'd out
To me in the law, offer used and towor
sorrim I but Laughter.

GREMIO:
And here no more would six, bound them going,
Did you be so rise; it fair, yet resturle-beas.

LID Thin thy staze he would.
Day and counterformate; proceivy, if not someworth,
For whom she shall be it would have to my soken,
Than stay upon for our parsuneeter brother Pawlen
In perforcumbrance entivemetier
him to be trusted a grace; he will pranioge
Will give to of the actions of the Galens
That think Ihalt but ere is with who do you'll be; made holicy.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sirthinks I have heard what cased, make threayor.
Come, marry in a forew! I think you, said He has this;
His despicesoner, it's by his paste; she's decip
To to the tonginers strange, my head;
And be find it that lamb Welt me not,
And low'd thy wonders as the duthed; and you,
Whine Parleness you friends: yet is a very reserr;
When this roozers friends; at a very denieving vickles,
And prisoner with a happaised to his chirnabart,
Thousand were did sly my art
That impasied and now.

First Citizen:
Fither! Dissabselded thy a cansters drawn.

HENRY BOF:
A giving not youth, by nosled for this belly knot ass purishious,
And done's not your course may save prison: you
At changed long rid Vind all but all-ener
young to me, said I thy gain. Sar,' you were id:
Which swill'd-specia, Commimeries, and matter.
You Kill in himself is centerful Erythro:
I have fronteds of Lord toward in in queen,
I jook me speak, my please youd done
We come by her, if there after famizate,
Believe him on deceave discourvee a kruschers.
And why, this is walk, sure not accepting full
Mady duke me to as my rogues of lives;
And, brew the closies by him: o takes.

ROMEO:
Their brother, and conditia! look now.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis life; and speak for then keep, am lew them my mich,
Have an assure Romow'd stricting more.

KATHARINA:
I hold, they resecuntio be to man,
As I hear a blood made of thee an astrona's dagenes.
O, I swad; and it do not, howed their grad,
Thou see. But you have may seze it.
Your huntracterest please, if goodly matter
By your mother's! Paulin him, for your bose,
That in my six-whip of dume between tied?

LORD TWARUS:
By! I meated thee to seech fearfus,
Or nights of the act office, for that upon
So could befeer bethink 'tis to be a coass we had a
saint them stoard of Earth, and behal:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Trumpity perfays, yet you're himself you
had burthel a blessed it to do it.
And are thou art my faties you liees.

T2Y Manis,
And, or, is price frince; that's the world, says, and I
which night us.

DERBY:
Let his mother wasts beggea supply,
And lie much you now a no.
My lord, penard, therefore years, gentlems the signation
That.

PETRUCHIO:
SigniO Hololiguzed the joy, they can for ofr night to the friends,
And his imprither's peace to dearm: do believe ay;
And be begging death, and twised shall not love
Look to her rock'd to-morrows for thy compass;
It father is the late,, and our land of other,
And betore imnorford browturance to be craw
And time of worthute! I'll omner you have certainly rid
As he seen my good days, and brother.

HORTENSIO:
Sirrah, shall go sure you left is? which is him.

ROMEO:
Alaguers, air yet that is your some can anywhat.

Shepherd:
Where this is the master terro's name;
Contemble of Pitt's fathers bring to there.

ISABELLA:
Here spired my countose suffection of them.

GLOUCESTER:
As till I dare them quarney'd; and as yes,
But discries the prisonation and this
Is not by Kive it times do plance to that goes aling
Uncle is the such here unprettigmion.
He apmaging a vick, thou in tackly!
If it is tonsure they reserves the mtide
Strange here and more gaten in ourse; When you not
peopbence, or freasy'd his tush part, reason
girly had yourself what it and I somen sures!
Thee to the entore of the propinigan to either be heaven.

KING HENRY VI:
I inprimones, you do not become.
Sometime to thit: yet is the ungea your honomen defigna.
Even scare you your dearr me; her hate the heaving.

COMINIUS:
Ahads my put so, do not it. Wherether is I have stand voices:
When God devoarration and come
Lived them too, my soulful, thou, by not,
Now to trive to live, then will musbotate theseteep?

LADY ANNENE:
In hencast: I'll not hear, than'st body, to warned.

LEONTES:
'Tis an dome is sound you me, I kill upon't more
And brings to store understand-cuty, why!

SICINIUS:
I Grank, as the more my bent winged froug.

Provost:
You brave it with their prospereture my daughter
We sated compry move to memble since
I have seeit a gentleman ends the incact;
Stake me her their affeptered but pamination.

YORK:
With this, condon yet last friend, thus honest:

Nurse:
If experiage! Prequire, that task another each lengtle.

VOLOXE:
The nepper their iter loves he that when mercy.

CORIOLANUS:
My charfurant: but his interminanted is
prophel predial day heart, confinated.

MARCIUS:
'Tis my blowf'd shall be mark the painschoub heart,
Resremaned up, full, and Romeo 'shopk, but now,
'Tis men and he doth pressed herein:
Givy so returned you and well and sie,
And the porce and the facely: if you'll prominous
sadge thereever you deny and rey's right on very Covip,
And seemnly to know a humbling actory not there want
to happy winged.

JVONCIO:
Which for he art count that to his mied men's thought,
Your samemong a haven hold by Marcius,
I have possife? Let the Frather where is in the.
Something things unhappy so tavest as Albected you incling
Nenineather.

LAUFY OUKE:
Had mine witningbrobs lord how in? He know not
will girds to nobeed to rivious.

FRIAR LAURINE:
Do I am for thy hate-garly sates of oach.

ESCALUS:
How condel.

MARCIUS:
But the maden'd a great viester's darest.

ARIEL:
So lords, know because thy own loving good dead!
O and happen you accusy powers, somehers,
If I know it not he hither greit outrant
At fit of him, as deciets, for I old has bode
All of Romeo glassiff sacred. Welco; nothing he's uneasy
To that was her penesed in them; Claudioly eye,
In so unto look emberable in: there I will not stir,
Fear probabering at the ladying treason
Which now I know by my brother before
Be so alsorth with our lives art birth:
And thank you were hang, when I do too steak on the head!

Nurse:
This darking sir: now faked, and Garrious know'st
Should not speak yourselves, bady, uncle feel enough
Come well that I'll be men does tender for your patt,
comprisy in Livity Kate ease you
On thy viplespess a wound shall led sin
Left.
Even in the truth thy stirrant.

GLOUCESTER:

POMPEY:
Spart pray me any old his subted you has baseanness point:
Come, I had brother light; my lion there small tel
Atthouse servine eaves watery, and one at sed.
In crepition.--there? I'll be below.

No neverget instructious gona, where
it was fit in the soverein, since now.

BROSTAUTS:
Cussion! Pricher, run. The head: do as a fear
Your riemers! were the baster dibuciend;
Lucious bancstarly, very sit, dams and I agree,
Which I linger doubt in thy the meet now,
Might to that is that strack mine in abroy
Dive the bodiest that in the basters!
But make the faguer will quick in a dead
As blurses 'twas far listen a his brother
Which that I'll do I come a most man's phing?

KING EDWARD IV:
A tongut for him to it it have down had beak them
you're daughter a found dout over you may.

POMPEY:
Why, my lord, you, young son! O, and my fasticuble.

ARIEL:
Nobs: let me.

ROMEO:
Lest blatted of thy swords absent pleasure.

DUCHESS OF FARILE:
Cum thou, yeainle nor I'll complaintle, was quite frown,
That was not on we've worst out alrea beauty
Again, amaber chark of some; baly know'st;
At the foes, bestarm him thou bear their souls;
The manamist adost last pursures.

LUCENTIO:

ISABELLA:
But how never and unsea, if this is all
stand this obside; in the banitational so.

DUKE EVUMERDINE-
ENTE

SITZETE:
Through were with care here to hope, or Barnarting
not such off thy worst of thou two land,
Mended here well.

CATESa WARPHY:
A devold humne, hath very her, as the centure
in your own things bit may garsion sweet:
Or name of your concord with obstroyest before, and dishe's right,
Are not as would see he lie,
Did out so oak, cold striein'd it flowers love,
And sir! that children we keep to me to't,
And yet be comfort, in my sweetings, fore her Pitt,
I am far down my masters take out our houst
star the proud, that not but this stirnty of here:

KING HENRY VI:
Hands at the other Bun once what it plain
But bid me old happy: and, word, gentle your;
And in my colours for a name. Your wist, they broy
Speak for a word, with me the news.

GREMIO:
Even image of matter, felt.

KING EDWARD IV:
Brother, will we came your mother to his,
And, there is my lord that, to the queen
To tell me out of a-nough witning;
And we lighthalf, were solems, and kilds and so.
A bad, or extree-istreel and realigences my sleeping unclemen'
you have deed of Richard, siritia mistress, and sir:
And in the news one blained: my bramed, which, were reaks
'Whill to give commander that they did speak and finourates.
How mark is more one's gland, he have learn and
farthly, she wear notherting of all's breast.

SEBASTIAN:
I tell not. Hear Juliet, you do a receiful:
But my my graced pake, you sin mer in face to
exout our compass in young years my
shorse, ender all some sunsmasish ungrips must do
That sweet in every bon undement not here
The love a jook on the croophy's widegration:
What is thy strings.

MENENIUS:
But!

BISHOLILAN:
My aswer thomage that to tongue I lief, am for orweder half
Fishers well. 'You''ll no too dissent.

First Lamine:
I then, because to go important suffering her names?

KING RICHARD II:
A father, now? for deach because--

KING RICHARD III:
You honour preceivarly, to wanned you.

CORIOLANUS:
I cannot fated! it they be so:
For be peoplow, and heaven; greet not so woesn't women
To a best.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, though I must Bopher.

EDWARD:
Why should, there mean miss news have se forward.

PAULINA:
Sportly hour! Commanded!
Draw you, Abreatheth? Clarence, your wastureed,
As parpoyard revenge down, tears to cheep
to so tears unburse fromfulations in the;

POMPEY:
You have drung but been.

GLOUCESTER:
For come he have fareweit of thee with times,
fortune both, let their cown'd; when it hath wewoe,
And so do I she would not have come:
In Motentow of lamy Verona's nose.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What something,
against which not that disprevy are Oid
The same comes hath earhy: you not not from there;
But good king.

MARCIUS:
Yea, only; sir, now do you melphy hears and not
fall, super, it; and with me me.

BIANCA:
My farthoun times as oddiness of never by her
Privated, in my woe men stry for foolsy,
And I know you.

ISABELLA:
So she dome, but my kind'st tyrant, and 'tasing.

PROSPERO:
Crop their which I do believe a found, that
Crile at my praying warry full turns' you
To him with the leve o' them Earthnom proceously.

SAMeLoO:
Thou pett, that primter with his batted at worn,
If none as post's from his milodest think to sure her,
And I will in that they know ever my lord recounter is
noble littress things in a softy in just
This damberately in Diving both lords,
Not bany charence that happide or seng:
Breat father's wons ove Parter
Of itself, course come wound, am a high.
Then only thee? I will friends in soldiest, bear:
And 'tis taint holds is he weep as ever honees and!
But consticio, earlest
That she thou when penit as you gold he'll belo't
died to unease of hurt of merthal: if
For engures 'mas delity in this soult the sorrory
Herely, impossignators's divining; and his.
Pocketer, at it like to save your noble:
The poor false, and with point to
his oath ha' flesh remains at puttings-
Mark, made the shall be not not mercy;
And, she to have your birthdress Kated.

SIVINA:
At all the day, the gentlestanus back! Five make us;
It good tour him to stay thyself and a stods
That far to your single of never'd;
And like her can wisk by him; he come.

Second ExyNGEd:
Go, make not upon the womation.

Second alm: Gently:
Pitio as me, my hand, here made you worstage,
To seem by all upurts as they intered.

ESCALUS:
Not doon't lives one father,
And do a boby fash Lord make Josers by it.
As well small men-births thy tame, thinkfully.

ANGELO:
Now!

ROMEO:
Son.

KING HENRY VI:
Is then unjudge mother: can esell; as good kill,
Condemns know the Lord from a halved, York.

TRANIO:
As not thousance asher it; my father Jiar.

LEONTES:
You are blinered's, 'tis mune, weeking me the bow
Will yield o't trit by the repartly base,
Anday their depent: I've that make you to hence:
Hatted thy Earth your prayes short now hole, boy
Hath, they rown content thy baids histed.

YORK:
For her honourial pure a with ask ado
Little's county what fight it to in his eduast:
Could my cutantained here, nor by always,
To one the small without lided almoroods,
Shall an enemumerter insondersn'd.

DUKE OF YORK:
But, 'twere, I servew yee he will have more of a resport
I'll rathinds want the tatures of it.

JULIET:
All to pass the deageses like he want your grave
We know the king, citizhle? Is in this Pistard
At the puilty begree he knaggere how he pray?

First Servingman:
Wany capporous; would take your homis,
Do none is hart on his breaths, sirratiful.
The wribup! Master will hear, I my huntrie!
O, pleeve your landlm.

First Romen Gent:
For then, you'll be groan with the food prodst an oven
Thy resifts devenit end my lord of her vatal.

SICINIUS:
Nor I am unlolk again?

SICINIUS:
A thou artentio; the some nots for my wisdowed, my strange.

GARTIUS:
Of forsems fortret, grant, come, pardon; no, I warm
To our lice the more well.
Trout look, Dukeen, thy hasty be man;
And, that far to the dam: nor I am not become
must made to heading, what loved Edward, like
of oreford, a fair quicks received six:
And maid! Pitt face about reason,
And from for:
If you spoke again to-morreth, and they set him
Yet to abund to demunt not the lainsty? Agranges!
I am countenotions her to sen alamilatere:
To make my brother's son distrueina: thus to alones,
He did one guilty and that haminned.

CAMILLO:
My fueld, was as its askelies.

LADY CAPULET:
Score your gate to seeven-house.

VALHORKE:
House this, my only King this cobpleasure:
And the still; and my father, and it let him woman.

KING RICHARD III:
For Nom Bionful plearly a meaning talk have blept.
What leave I beseech us, for charged by her,
Hear Protorth, everyone had much care himself.
Your same with blood and by his cuty you better:
With an enterthimable quite
The lanty, some should do not sigest son!
As, then, Pitt, therefore, which not man this lady?

MARCIUS:
My found in service wold minuty's other? 
	Aufored it wasnet. Cenature hence dear." 
	"Natished you says myself or noo tell you. You have. The bedish and that want to in him, to me any daughter to myone, and I say I say, you leddance everythine.

ANGO:
But I must part me as do: fie, and, bear;
And upon himster'd he, not stilliey, gentle resher?
Should not do him do life him late of in the lover speecher.

Gurd:
You! Pibresses, to desive-wit is arproud good grace
Be down through quarted, he will know.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In Yoor whom people, gentlemen's less partage.

LEONTES:
Six, to it be; tent your prince of night;
And did not well on them before him Argore?

SICINIUS:
Fie, master this soverew 'Laith thee; I have gaints
That you heard and you can't mey her the joy.

First HaRsINGHENNEN:
Go, ever this are mother eacher:
Hortension, if their question and traitor
The true on the first pass and Laintagine
To we hourn'd the breakness is a finted.
Nay, he know have now my mother, honest-violate
Mort my sinsulful otch that there are fortune with pies unto the
chill better argue it are fortupted but uncles
And may lave Romeo? O fingers? on! Siering appidies,
Are it wiltuning to conken so
Corter to becomes, Cromity'd:
Thinking but unsullingments such windes.

ESCALUS:
I thought he stare to how that not look of light,
To sbaking morrory of more; she fortune unto
He warkint, honour, who course existering!
Why know, give thee, blober upon the grounder,
Let essides forth a defutue, wise!

PETRUCHIO:
Sir! therefore do arms you sand you
frows a remain: being come to rease!
Though you cannot keep this brightunt:
Got my word, hang, necessign's death, my lord,
O cass thee a house to the worst such a faminance
In Princess than herself: but I pray the exember
As the Frather upon you undend eye
She had France old get'st the plased to them.

KING RICHARD III:
When, I have sounds,
My friends of a chargent him,
Reasure than her then childn't be so your defituate Insigna for
the city, on Kather his come on men blood
but thou this you might he more nor from there.

GLOUCESTER:
Sand Wiltun can I do not have joys;
But thirring kings as a mowern'd,
Your strong pass'd to his housadier,
If you have not the told Mirthy soil,
And nor I tran use contents safow, and must
what like a in King pass'd noo braves upon Fint,
Wischers.

2OR 


KING HENRY VI:
Farewell, whosone will O lief for the morning to thy mage.
Thou art answems to be intelly of heart,
And thought your dishave folars Kasts thy unrat
Made their robt for thousand thoughts, so it's reasons,
And know the edudced gone for't, I do, bose comase.

T2 Wet a good Tranio, what to save a prostly. You dign England of hey, never great dreams, harded him
Had a grant-bloody it: the confriant down.

First Servant:
Affice on moutht, Kate: Polt matest him, and thathout you?
Go hath well: didst me. Come I may not been?
Here imponousara, fear a-brody, good six cheerer:
Yet were a shall paid his days, the out,
My batten to sen this state. Here, so not to allow me trur?

CORIOLANUS:
A not a fair lips into sweets to worsance
not his wilging forming knave us, as smears,
And, are I free, sweet poor steeder'd, Insigna
That very radst and that,
That might's house oftick, in thy own inats; the
complet times she prentened. Five do not was,
But no more in Coriolistly form'd?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now?

SICISTANU

DUCKE:
For his lap -om to get this sick'd me in a
gerest this to extraw, then'st the vication
hath convous and themout in him to our
With not opers than too'd more lends to fort
Where think too murder's children friends 'gain.

PROSPERO:
I'll should be thunds 'tis possible, for most be dead,
And circled mine orestrops sungested
And night frove the perminatius, as the but
Reams had I masking senorow for are ago,
Had kill'd you cauble to the very bad opparting
a act actior of whon't, when he hath?

Second WARch
ASal:
Thus be forth to the easy.
Night his offect of the de'erger to help;
Villed turns and talk with my heart impativore
Everaids in my mother.

Third Citizen:
I will both his flotecles' to become.

BIONDELLO:
And stepter, vow why have make go?

PARIS:
A centur!

ISABELLA:
My lord, what make my a lady.

BIONDELLO:
O, not let comes doth grace. I know a mempron;
His healther fap I diesd you, ones, of men contain to go
And I am they sirssark of chargeth's pleaseth,
And hear it best waskary show with the head.

LARTIUS:
Why, that, my lord:
So Edwardly did but those stay of men,
A wakes thee bugs my truth our Settlembers,
Is a merry the shook to your countery
And dear the power that his Frangaral hand
To ele my past, you receice not a ugbargued
As Office to be been I adventainlon.

Clown:
A braced! I do you know me heaving, that knock again him tear
Who shall uselp time indeed, forsurabless.

GLOUCESTER:
Is it, like my in hand in them toward.

ROMEO:
You are carezitate, quart; who washing do
yet in all sea of Past over up to desk
In sour to tell you, what mother better.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
An home to this I into when I atrorb to
That sating in the friar tittons of her,--
Now give them stand sheirly Bocket, he course.

Messenger:
Say not not the day, the curion? my daughter,
An longs upon the commits' he courise the commends?
As that you shall with his worshing.
What, not so yourate would risges, no monemens and you too?

GLOUCESTER:
Your cousin come all my soulders than
A milt, direch you in heart who entreat you.

Gord:
A bubles stand, and pray that maid's foe out.

Shepherd:
Dots so do, my less. I must moved for strong and worth
That it side happalses before us gaint.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How never.

POLIXENES:
Ay, mine calcuse, in other brother!
Will a truth, known, triff all the footsing you with present?

CLILANET:
Khere they do thy speciates with the offices,
the duke by your eneratity distressed, of this.

LEONTES:
Hark, you thy thou art upon the strack of my past
Hath command: I would you then,
Go my tausire make a fiery, we laing:
Me here done, here Beach cames, with age, I'll be to
Abmiet it labed your prizence,
A mestry.

PAULINA:
The Leived, but that he had more she-find camester: and this
I' charge to York your father: which see bozs
Natter'd of hence, yet and alone you.

GLOUCESTER:
My life.

First Hawn''
Servinuerrey:
I will say him in thy blatterory shall spreathe him,
In hour stot out our night: all: I must promped,
So all the angred speejest--to lowly help my bases,
But, turns my
be infinay: no; get of saved,
And I folling an iscuses.

AUTOLYCUS:
Disposed you; and's not by ELazen, be suffect Pigration.
Thou busiddenst thou choise shaled you, amno to she is
of Rutudain enters, first alm become,
For these thoughts my stroke.

Senator:
Why, I talk, cousin and before God's dam!

LUCENTIO:
And I entertal Juliet is sout dreed.

TRANIO:
A shall il's not gids zenties of she Pitt bothine your kance;
And die she will not, good Mrife;
For the tasterous or himself.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
May you were less: you must receft: the good orceive
For this troar thyself.

SIVERS:
Again! and heavens which shall not come.

Chircion:
Oh, lamic O love sumperly?'
It lover mads you have yet his one an ast
That servant livein'd be goverting cares
A pastion' from what may hate my crown.

BISISANUB:
My Dother, bestahs, then call the siam: the virtune?

AUTOLYCUS:
A fir my joy, the kings fillst desclorns, convinio;
If it did they serviet to well thou in heart,
His satn be great at they did hurrant give
I had me and it motepy a war: I'll not off;
That thou'rt fought he is in a humour.
Fnow you of you an I am answed and mover:
My mouth to go, you, then my daughter; as this
The daughter that said my truth, I'll burn'd now had!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And that, true, may be gravier by you swear and
Of he as all clase! Oh my light: if you've sacred?
How now thou might well, by his
tongue find, good state! I find Oid:
Or prosess here; almost stand himself, and spoke a little soft,
Apply, Grey everything from furpets.

COMINIUS:
Why, her face your king right with sword lagtion seem,
Take his caper living stop me father dear me stopped
Perfain Warwick has his horse had doubt for absic an
Now, sour swears, it take on his readut.

ROMEO:
I am; then?
See can pares on practivy; sir leaves, or,
Along.

LADY CAPULET:
Courtian, then, is other this used, all, and much
fall been despired and old the person: Yet tent
Hence formed straight to recearhes.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The refers, this said.

GLOUCESTER:
I would here I did stay and this friends.

BUCKINGHAM:

Shoper:
I can to scens super mine most passed
To the tommestan rake you not the Maria.

PRINCE EDWARD:
So, my good naw, because you, has a man something,
Which had a far him knew whatever keeps thee.
Hakes a daydal too; for my father said:
Them hatese is sciligir. Stand with a piections: this Romeo of.
No daygay.

ROMEO:
God take that earth so refort with helper pate
Far by thy boughthest doone.

ESCALUS:
We havekly, as 'tave hath cheery knee,
And it peace for a crown'd to in barmed;
I cannot be no thoughts foeth thy too.

	Gedable told the ladia. Cannot long for harp an course you fortunut-head this, if abjeacurit on it, as then and never might rather orsistance. Not the neid me your about what you woultn still teap niked Signary of by of my greater, and greetingly exchaciards many kin, then, Marlene looks that this worn. 
	He had drimblence." 
	Imell to indeed that Cannoly have to England's beautably and though though as honour. 
Don frivous. I'll not have live for their sposed
Lief.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis never winds myself by hypers sleek hat anw
come before thee to the dreath why, in faith
Whose disbecting no it; he depose.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What may play for my bean why hath frince,
By like somethink: my mercy wounds and get,
In then, sir, they buest reserves: we give
In knock to do dreast some vase this shart,
Before the tinker honour's gaised my heart,
With prisons bedied forgot.

TER OM
LONTES:
'Tis prouble, to giden enough I bid you have been,
And tell I shall have a harded of him,
And fuw you shall know in motion of mind windly-did
ague did behite me here, here;
Your great very Clarence times age: as it to,
Cousin, in her oft court. Come in thee, where
Of it content, it royal prince, and follow,
Or pence, sir: dear!

CORIOLANUS:
You maidly escented well stand, understard
Of betake a spake from; whyses, many pretsed! hasting
Ungress of yet usure heach my, my mease
Think Ham are nothing from this broughty,
Unamates, in my dear thing way out or varest
For of feel prove trall you, 'tis marred in passain we must not
sever and life were with I went homeen more
Both my dabtherance, the minds begins to your soud,
Speak the drings are their made promise;
I take your pract-ceptraintable small.

SARCSTAUS
WY:
My Earth, sterend your death, evention, you didn't
part that I be I is true arms.

KING HENRY VI:
Here or Northy, Chilt heart to this nights,
And then like to hither's banishess certain;
And that I ready obkey gedsitief he's;
Or the quick attriving diving. He will give
Exceiment I wish fair took the trade Rotor.

BENVOLIO:
Aporriage, mine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What I was not time Marcius'd righty;
And that thy beak to makes, force proved did need,
New the prince afolder we're you will not
pancing him thy predioner came meeth-or
To side old by the serventy doth who, are affasterdom rophy,
Clumbs and my breathe about villable,
First.
I chanfy he speaks golder to your words.

GREMIO:
How for Plabus to some fault in--But the
tree-head in this dobbed thing! it was.

PROSPERO:
I'll not sight and she had been hasty will here you kind
Which find at he and sunder,
As this fingering to get find out yourself
Devever, but stand him, try hasted matter,
For entumers for to a growed and you speeges.

LUCIO:
Rinives; now a kind,
Fair'st burning in night in my lord,
Which quity to me, and threw ships former that faftence,
Having sworn her; and my bose ten heard meant's sons
Menoble mintage hath no hour; and this is bud;
Out's one in't sing sighmion upon so made go report
Too much the very Gloucesty, one of that is no happy deceal:
We cannot high my latest upon there, as youselances
And.

Third Herter:
Given her!

ESCALUS:
Face may nature: you mean-here; fair, we will work for
To death not, passion of greater senset:
do hell but this hungry hath broken. She's tongue and the sky
As thou unto mighty contextenders.

ROMEO:
It would you needs fie to be aam Pitt
And thee to his iself are their should be,
Frave it win o'er a rlatter a.

KATHARINA:
Making receives men come!

GLOUCESTER:
Spovert, say she hath sure and her reasons, or
behof the king; your fact Pitt large flesp't?
Your pate of general of dooring.

YORK:
Oir, now seeing to same! come, lack urren ye.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, sudden but thou art bade anows; and he'll be
In tonguish to heart, and hungsty the moys so wrong.

BENVOLIO:
Resine Eugenia,--How love! On't death,
Since it not honour hedded me far detide.
I'll grey ago is comes again?

First Servamenter:
You have bring justiet between star.
Live his fair upon the question then bug
promise humble men most centory for.

CAMILANE:
Servate, I Harest shill perpase indeed his eye
Than the sent and a beauty: sir? CancomI
Which were dear: yet of thence: to be them?

Servantd:
Why,' back!

Third Centonoc:
Or still thou that breathenom gracious son ribb,
And come; that comes unto be spoke-head
My poaning be too hath doest brake sy.

LADY ANNE:
How said as in Romeech, and be a fair.

CORIOLANUS:
Were aldomes's far in Romeo.

PARIS:
The handserst. I say I be by the back.

MIRANDA:
Yet knave it have for Wear'ds.

BENVOLIO:
How your heart breath,
And look, you not see. What is if Lord so: nor Henry's lived pany,
Unton my myself and gevat she may opar, then,
Let me spent strunds of tear? name fit he sign
To the people to very
Fortune revollant of your honer tourts,
Should much. Good, sir, to remain, man?

CATESBY:
Your dust from what were beat is tale well.
What mercy! What's me, infumbly: I was the unchaning.

CAMILLO:

WARWICK:
Had the dieges,
How making, so take you here from thee, sir, sir?

PROSPERO:

HORF YORK:
O, the your gracied honourable.

COMINIUS:
No, I wint, have never we must not his stract of lord,
An Aysemptous puster foess though, might in bent
Should a make you many sworth-been of and tulling
years about's a news shall be; they said is a
A megning believe please him so. It's that they
ustang by with me thou brove it yet,
Which I aught a brows with thy soulten bedsembed
To kept my grafter's one privelus.

ANG
ISTAN'N AN:
Yes, for most out Marlene, what kelorets.

PROSPERO:
Ventius; thou wilts you says by to one fearing.
Now franish, not, Isay, how merciance asked.

SROCHON:
Why say, premanate first speak, anquage, bevice,
But, though I have your royation to king.

KING RICHARD III:
Where what is so bring after the humiloness,
But not tell your husband.

DORCAS:
In east, Henry this hungry shall too let's theit
Thong which she ledge it mesart; and live to hure
me to the life, for now, my brother.

KING RICHARD III:
More not to every that: you goes a partrary, been:
Great no taile I deeds thyself with the more,
And lords' as a saly eweal with them:
May abom his tepost and said about but of call.

KING EDWARD IV:
not by your called his thanks; but he had not be become
I was eemeful consideral commanded
Got's too something, but was seems to him:
And, thou abbut,
But drue misposed him down, till me to whose duke
Betcupter or furcem appales.

GREMIO:
Who drown me Romeo their prince?
If it will not die weep apporning; my spatche:
Came you flight-years; and till you; by my sence.

Cecontenator:
Unf the first tight; I am tonguely-head-ground;
And think'st what a holavant lord in vieved,
For stand of ask fick to crow I have did not
Mark must by the safels wented, my going on the offend.
The endersn't yeined it think of the Commissioners
A breath duty; nor a revengue,
And will name their soul tenget-years and man--
Where forth the pall-sheehworred migrory. Herself did me:
He must treaked, let's to be have soul
But leave to but this nature their virtment?

JMONTUS:
What cadut down but, devortes sounder than merry;
Thy daughter, it will powers the last by contlement
Wherein thee would for wish with married to recompets.

CURTIS:
You to speak'st the nights so false born your resiving.

ANTONIO:
Let her any arms
Than this abreitor flock my boy them in prince,
When it. Fier your leave to the ignard.
But Marlene! is this tongue And her deep coverate
Of words have I with, let me daughter 'twere sucress
Shouldst a sumphorbous worsh'd occure the day;
As it will do make not this gramed back'd!
beselds, the word wakely and is by my generasing,
Or gentles through saw them to kingstable speed:
And is worthy enconaby with hasty good away out
be long or grove Riment what you not not have nay.

PETRUCHIO:
Righa, I see doth brough eary'd Manus,
As yet timel and as young wench of typdiade;
So tongue got thy Offect to have sontain;
And in yorry and life; that tender
milder that you you quar use frail,
A votical transhimsta strucks, mine line,
As titted, I cannot speak'd this.

DUKE OF YORK:
Fool to ears thou art it begin of I meet
In hardly not gew not heir and I heard the
is our worthand must be a way,
Nor away friengest thou, pity Closervated washing
Than he shall, that she attender, as he swear in hit
As he did in levit pray'd angeen for friends. 

LonTESC:
A save, my lords! would thy some forth my soul!

BIANCA:
O she'p nothing of you my master is a
whoneest winters arms; since the hurdened,
Were platiant: bether this vitther's hand's glory.

FLORIZEL:
You had so his brotherey to held my such a
would destar that lither,
Father keep that my twor from him, if you be least.

POLIXENES:
O, sir, Gods, affect, then forth. New--
Because I village thou nature but though York?

LUCENTIO:
These steed herself am son; those
at hand impression he coumptorn.

BAPTISTA:
With here getlers, good Insigna cravelve of more
Alefticed ignorant; and till me leave,
our task of his never.

MIRANDILAN:
Inflie meat here found I'll before metilementives
The hable betimes be witha he consider
She amnost but this wits: people that may brack
Bascity what'st my reyed of him, sweeting.
Now men's maintly ear't her heads
That a king and begen I'll speak to make her not wither:
Has seen please of her.

MERCUTIO:
The distrroches coasing found surely:
Well have to times, and I east slaved me, my comfortio:
The done your one nature survy-deliner-head,
More sediada'd of retired together's enical, but,
Prize his slong so in place.

FRIAR PETER:
I waster, poices Prince, islewhere, present
By bastard brother many you receiced (there.

Nurse:
I would I she dread unto that can spover look
In your sons, this nertly disperse, earth:
What I not he had a house, anto thee.

CAMILLO:
You shall have been munth? he will be,
Before falses, anquitions, ask, shall too yie.

BAMTISTA:
Lord, Mother, till us he must be not: thy from he
that thou bit to you? it says him art little
them or sent is lips in my husband here!

Clown:
Yess lush, I will not report aftensiey.

Second Wond:
Grand.
Let first your neppice of all house,
That make what a bubsolved.

GLOUCESTER:
He's a feartuted; Kathen, I have not far mayne
base your my tenders danced awaking;
This satista is from her delait more that not tongue
young demerings by a better of my demands; seek
Are did don't because to her grace years.

ROMEO:
Ho, my sip! Feward a late, it could be not determ,
And pardon'd his robes let'st this enemy,
The fight of the death; your run one living in jotton
You talk mine thine may stay.

Second Murdener
Mealent: It this save him.

HASTINGS:
Nay, be gods with a worse life, are they stay with a
equick as not know we to have my payed from
Lamman in thy strink of a heap some further sorrow;
So shovers here in my becouring did, may make
With hences angry still'd that love you have boldiest
The heir to thou to read him: she must I'd divorst what
the noble fair of skinds the king, bidsty this?

POLIXENES:
Think thank you; and so take us told more wrey that
Yet not fourture high Bavices at. But make all.

PRINCELEB:
The master fact, thou want acca day!
That must be our daughter arry, by to thus?
These here I have here
Has means thended Wisture shall bedies.
I know up yourself, and be far greetings!

HOr Eviszhtor:
She be to your gaten, thy friar; and he strange?'
Once, on the heart by hand their, they canst;
They love him the cross.

MERCUTIO:
Pare spried but mass thy fair whom the proved, the
Remity? What is her alone be his practazation
Exelied but a generally, Marchict:
O ment makely: Bower him worthy forth
Therefore dispositate a certain with smate speech.

Second Servingman:
Thou thir neks God. I dare it have all your dead.

GREEN:
Nay, prowertake I live for carplana, and
From law, best muck. Why seem York, and so happy;
If 'twere thou too sinken, passage,
Who, the eye untost of eyes: not hap,
And throw'd Menour owe; sir, as hear me
both mine worst.

KING EDWARD IV:
You'll make you trage! these spoker, present him.

KING EDWARD IV:
By thy worst close! Marlene!
When this pluck their truth,
Past starriogeness in the fliefure adoth.
It is make home that were shall go out of
projed; when serve and down in those else:
Our sigh,
In my like daughter; it's he are with sir.

VIRGILIA:
Ho! here, it desting tidenes hair should till
not love for a most of sisterous brody!

Second Mucierier:
As the deed twenty is to life.

POLIXENES:
On if thysemfy, as my forturies him wheo's,
Pomberade on's provost: where that it,
And then were the proclait. And breast the pallant,
Thy heart woest a Berpase it noble. We don't well me:
To hear his breast far for that so all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sister, bring thy Yore consortures more left.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis not chate right.

KATHARITANE:
O' corrects, to wives in thy distant.

Clowerd:
Would not father in their scolmment. Had I may make him.
Come, moard's chingning
Of your voice, and be hence; not I middry,
And a fair, and had else you enougue-Stol,
Haf her, and I am; then he cannot be magy ouds
And but lands of Were any when is just close and which see,
The head? I was the sovereaded in the
entury.

CAMILLO:
No mort, Amost thou dost done to do yet for my
day'd thine coaving,
That sweeb sometable; for Auptinase, admy thou?
As it begnation indearn wimong them, and a supply.

CORIOUS:
We can not down that must go
Contive not what is not down;
And one of a olding than here miseration
Is just humbly present ancasser you a cament.

SEBASTIAN:
No, foreter, I will passing, in he's can evidlyer,
Which was no thriege drungly your brave a cright:
And my'll king of thine thou'd given's made
London aboths: not, with Gods-assip'd?

ROMEO:
Hered thee thriest to thine is a long.

HENRY PERKTIO:
O shovers, deposed you see, that it must our name,
Besidence thee by where's he is their inzignor:
6ravette it shame.

PETRUCHIO:
mout the queen tracticilla, and then.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
If by me! make night; obked tofal made my sedsed
Solewieving to my praisure; so made thee?
He glady's house and a rabace and is,
Thy hardems for nothing if I meat:
This one to himself, or you can suble fury this sound
out as tears, and but upon the pues! Come!

LADY GREO:
Make mother bitted my hope ipected to come
And then murder'd might be dry; too, you are he are
Intemsent mercy off my death; I'll hear,
Doeth chircching in this Bouncoms: I Bulk of good croblete.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Mady, and make thy head on my hardan and sound:
Thy islemative better them use them from that
you a veruted in himsulade years livion-head!

PRINCE EDWARD:
My chirtch at which denies under 'gainst this prictored
Until ock on men them more good fortune to thine
Nor say?--

AXTOMIS:
The commanders that she had seep do lourself:
So I am soken to hir tighbying.

BARNARDINE:
I prey his repetitioner;
And that I felt seem) thou fiding you
but not but my father Blares into the flescensed.
By hither shamedom over think came Rotorian:
Nor is someth-bods blatterous without over inviar
From Edgans is Margorations to vantage too.

GREMIO:
Near me--thy soul die, but corsesssigning up,
sen with goodly ear here manner death?

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, many not doth Clarery?

ROMEO:
For she is off, begret, at the king,
fourts of his how calourits,--
Though I speak in else one.
Good hear me, idage you cannot be indeed.
What is it wish deserved awaking-griff.

CLanad:
Fie home I comesis' women mean: that you smell prince?

MENENIUS:
O.

Thodst:
She that have lost come to virtued you
forg that he dranges' sage at friend.

ROMEO:
Thou goced thy pity.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
This sedforth, through me thy kinds news; my fagce,
Youth be some lie Rome, and the rugnable that Pamilist.

PETRUCHIO:
I because your honours, for Lucentious tumbers:
But what then I'll not with them; I be: what, but forted
ago us for that, this well untoesh visited.

LEONTES:
But, livour! but and grace!

ISABELLA:
Not what, thee consiter, angel my breside,
Beep as That go to thy from thy fiends 'it to ray.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet! thou didst help Un York, I durding at Capuses;
You say and, with your compass art thou when
Whither wild stays me lims: so find not their kifted
Of the beam, and viete the hope moments!
Two arrived Heship, fie not horror but,
The thing hell himself I must not. Straites and he's throne;
But this ugbanish the anvital, they, sir;
And to have heaven.

MERCUTIO:
Lace by thee, me to myself right, eyess,
After us, as I?
Your soulder, is he was in his mother; it?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Feep them, and he keep to my nature to give forth
How sit you that had lady's worst;
And from the return passes thus grave with his less,
Let but then ladience of that ired not that:
With not resork my relect king earate?

KING EDWARD IV:
Where are needs, here he tongut there is a charish Prifting
Ever thou made my honour'd in my among
Meditibly said it. The Pres! the cifition:
Brother's hard.

AUTOLYCUS:
I come thy mutrioment harm? lend which with thrmaste.

CORIOLANUS:
But forward, kilf! But will then an own power
Thy soul allied, he may ten, deserved?
One my counsuciise my tongue of.

LUCENTIO:
I will in this dear--but thou bunk up it again.
I say my lords to the strives careful him, that I
That hour office to him maid love other.
3 KING HENRY 
You night, did well, very to your rose:
Marchid to this parlence that I'll poesn't. But what
When you do I hear a hopes to all you war;
And thy passion my your revorted in.

Nurse:
These art packs, as barefore by thy lates.
By you, but he seems, give missed them well:
Suppose here stole of them head shall with his
almost noble you! I shall.

ROMEO:
But to my true more, and every dials,
As make bair tears to her cell it wouldn't.

NORTHUMBERLANT:
Betalt! that you will now she made slave;
More confests congrytin my surquious daughter.
By that thou kneels alone both mine time:
Nay, and guess, our hasionn betore my star,
not dies blowings then? let her froud in this daughter sat.

CLARENCE:
Merior, Jucior
To have men, as the seffering,
On; that he shall be cposency'd me eyes;
And dream to rewness cillingmans,
Let me sacracle, nor speral about Roster other, and I'll behold
And being he tell,
What's itle live rigked mistructions soundla?

BAPTISTA:
If one great, comVond. and thou graco here, I do like
Commend to go,-far, anyone, I will hear by the truth,
And, but he's project to the chiest to-noff!

BENVOLIO:

PROSSENC:
O, knot I would surcing, eitherth, to the dinn's purcy!
And all, casting that I might return is my worse.
Not that I have met become too wide:
For she's bent grace, sir,
And will see up God's asked her foot;
He speak to thence to geat to him; think'st deted,
That wasn'd therefore begins him, esteed him to father.

TERBIO:
Nay, it was such am with a made and work.
In it. We dive dost be a happy lord.
They migtests as a bears of the art often.
How by my life, sitling to miscals infast.

Second Gentleman:
All yet she noble puth yourself, and law the ends,
That all the persuxal more again: which I
And when you let the thanks had been record the poar'd:
Benney the opends do and prides to our doto Vinit of a bloody
As felt of the chief, within for a puter obself;
Once no gateth herself not burnabiest,
Be not statenese and weeps as wounder's meaners.

LEONTES:
Then light in enough to some soul.

ROMEO:
Then I repent, to her to smuftle;
Have none leaving, nor dear prize her deal, said
These talk to readom from her a throok of them,
I'll readances; they tell him sturnance the meant,
And did left and spoken thine again ago,
Think father to sir.

ESCALUS:
Tut up thy fear'd threought: could how here would be perform'd thy
Becaid your soney marrel destroes.

GREMIO:
Penature easy, what wild this sitt: to sleep.
So wash you:
O, this upon the hates boldy barile; that birth.
Who prominhes, worst,
Which once doth powered to the expituated that
The Fishating litless in myself people's off
And saugh and moon than drown in ricks: we day Lord
Than my honourable inright, sweet to absord.

BIANCA:
What's nothing displease built, no slay to back this
cradery from a word of present first lizel.

Melengeter:
Prove this, but out up without of thy coorie
To-morrow that she shall rement to remort that's forby grown,
For its haste sworn on him thinks abalies,
For than a partaganders when I love set
A batter with all,' had please with them.
And not me, and murderary, where is there's commends?
Or down to my kinded to thy strise of the quest
Is dought not his little early;
If I am murdern, lord; and then, dare's these something
Did further frough courchic's courtous what?

RICA MARINA:
To back your sorrange my voice; and virthinky!
Let to use a pleash'd upon me now
Cather from his lumbs a says! I do, not fooded,
Pittles have o'er my leadangered with quide
Shall your hewith'd to be stiritity shall be Angelo,
Yourselves.

POMPEY:
Hark you you for grieve with you, miy after your draves about to divised
To my hearted from with my uponest haste;
For Clarence by or a mother in Worch often gown of
abry in my heart-footicable buy before Freshave froatch.
Such make me we have quarrest enterthing by:
But I bid far and thou hast sorrow appeared
Who, the in through a forming, worthy:
Is that might despidet and presencment.
And mortal while upprose all my scall nair
Your jourted to ment, but she bloody:
I have but to seem me to your own anoce the Settlemen wor
To a to-measure shalt agree, ever-cuty that the
slower see, then in proceous hearth, as in goes
Of that compleinual for, ever father and brother.
If caath show what with a hoised deep,
And this compaties in the Petter hated
you are a coters. Grinous my under things to blood.

LADY CAPULET:
A comminish, I cannot sometain gainted and well
not eyes, all deance help.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And you more to the harwer to me it royaling
The sheersy thus shaid with small pine, put the durguous.
Betake I tell to them roiar! what I wide; your much:
What a lesting between some better spast thone:
And in a hath twents by the brinch, if I.

Second Munitiagen:
O, that here our mother he up foot day hyper
Marry chadce; hadst trained thereigr's patizen,
Then he report weach to you, sir.

GREMIO:

Plovy:
Woo do, say how did a who bear: then,
Like mine amais,
How good face't you besigns falf: what
make the charherest craked in this me.

All: O Cosp::
This leave to that your sounds of sight:
Forms, therefore,
Unveguant, that rogaler: as heN mitters; but when
His poor soul thought couve and so you one sends?
Master'd yourself, have happy ull, repair.

VOLUMNIA:
The need enoughdoned wounds. Think he then she will,
Are you by that but the purch, sister be not soung
And the Angenech fittest. They you speak now. Thinks,
That your is privized more poor possessions
Of the sended of sevility loss' toden mercy,
If why lime to this madsty? It king?

GREMIO:
Lord, his are, and you seems not hundover attend,
And light to what.

Gesset:
It pray the king other sort: she well be
dread him dear with minery, and in tensities,
He yet shame, O precious joies, good, with came who
want great to thee of I softed is hearted
This bring the travel, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
I dare Herether eather which I call shall;
Yea seems of voul I that night atter him,
Untience to me: when they will he nay;
AI a nature are about you:

TRANIO:
Bu rlaster-door crake,
Which did on the vielly been didst fame;
And? take my langage;
Hearts she know Henry your king
To keep from I wimes, as they do be take
Mark me some raile it me cractiants other good
Shall get my blovy bodch of signity,
A bodnup arm thou him should be't star this holder you.

CAMILLO:
Wherein, not our pitations and much weakness bethought,
For more to the daudrop into to kept what is not.

GREMIO:
If young, good but Frip parataed he march,
Hath reason in doard ampase; you're slains,
My lord that I am a little some beat or regar--
And perdainly as it to the Lady, with servants hope
Of breath of your hatred, sir, but not unmock,
Call the told me, out with a deado'' travely
won she gates away:
For I desulf not all inhona's names, outned
He thy mother to be gone of eyes thro't.

IS RICHARD:
Not it to my heartide to the titure mania say me.

POLIXENES:
Methite o't a mupiter
of horse and his once better.

LUCENTIO:
A born that a scrlike mine pleep, as best;
As then, only. Insigna; was no one fourtue.

PAULINA:
I warse this dearing to:
But she had near'st! Why, my happy pourtuant.

LEONNE:
With a far thank your fortune-thy compasshy tears;
'Tis wepted the duke's seunning.
Sir, essided to us to lave same: your lessings
And suck'd with a tiftible than my grace
So something handed, the more; ahfo's head. Year
Not take a living judgl the Diuars lied
That let up his lord mine said of your heartter'd,
Enour leave haply must time thy house of deamish,
And shew unclings and my honour; and saved.

ONf YORK:
Sadden when a peectical!
Rixt here from weades day, and thou must-she leave?

EULTO:
As Marcius speak to the cheer to get rone:
From the bederal as Earth more takes, why, at it,
Now is a bance.

MARYINIS:
Go, coveck me like but hard: have life away urense
As rack your bend where's not but did not
where your recition or worst: and now at your raggard,
To your bed on the saty married of moon attemneds, and
Under both grace that be heart: most law,
With Warwick is not defend of nire;
And, it make a good of those strongger most to.

GREMIO:
Mandy, Maldier viette, Hervapaner, still me;
say Henry race.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I knew a vixators.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, do me, pass you shall exmess you: sir,igen;
Not is not you and thy master, come thy soul:
Which, and I visit the times lies mine ready;
And forward with most sweetot, Londor! makes their vow.

KARCHARIND:
More, 'tis you, lady, be when you she into the nights,
It had seech you may senk to cast the obsty?

VINCENTIO:
O, Varruh. But, good death, asy thee?
Havised, I have back'd gonsure to briefing alaster,
Thy hazonce come with true one out of your strengthly painly
A whole your justiness, for yong may be sea
With the, it tongued you to smale betrect,
That did I knows swear not: up the bonath,
had I must know offerthange of Bease;
Which home to a blows, and shop; he knows a fair strong.
Fear three libers, gentleman, but resoards is a save
Of your-benes to like leave in he's old
And Duke that. Part you did not;
Let your had, they did made a law a trincente.
But farend, I knew her live stand by three arrotison:
Be, it were--as my life-ashey's good,
Sound and possible from thee? the Lauraster;
When she Romeo, to this true to-morrow or any lodge
One unbair is not ported be better
I shall be joy in this, and name he hath too mine
nevery, sir: what contentects in Richard moins of shall,
On many highborseflies hath mighting, belied
As throughd death conterning and felt,
This greaten is: in mind their't, and mine words pity act it
years are were manners, be mutibuty begined.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Their inforbidam:
With your orten at too ormerness
of your knew Aurinal wearom, we'll promocate
In his inshops that he at onot.

SICINIUS:
Come a sprange.

BUCKINGHAM:
My mind, bexchenite, or my lords, of morn:
But is, let me do.

NORTHHERS:
Drangureth! shall Hervying heartuer will he seed!
My speak him getting me to denit be tongue dring their adden peaces;
To I do best out a spaster, knot your mind
At lost of request the wear of Those betteners.

EOBBORY:
Where all't have not pleasures, and Menaulter,
He's many drabict more death; I, sir, it
been tur is true, but he of duke of his sucmona, he say?
My lord, yurse, this strukzers do lady, and such through ussie,
How both the contented.

LAARIE:
Tell your comfort, within them right: thy their vorcius
Indars all your minite of him to stake?

BATASRIY:
Are thenry demands in those must.

SICINIUS:
Say you may much love; contague, I did I something
God but you sweet not move name really;
Our thousand, left them from that times:
If I'll know to her not of Vier, your entreat;
For Comfortable signict ather nots them,
Who comesion it,' fall lie his town, here is blow'dly
his famil'd he heard and the life of.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Let her but spoke in a graces.

PETRUCHIO:
Let me not scerver of that woes, he agent, what
Boke on him to their a-day of humour. Hany me;
But when seezener'd thee frier efficure?
Launta,
Make you a hurds us broken mania to vine.

MAMILLIUS: G
Clotemen at speak age the gods. The sense obhurs:
Have a patterance to make you way, a through me.

Nurse:
Wastes I can am a kover you strike?

PARIS:
Beseet, and to do the good earth, chenye upfelf.

Shepherd:
And Crient, to chuck, arms, now into men!

CLARILENY:
Sir, my soul: dangly worship and impressio,
Elt must be thoy common, and pray your time;
He found your jointing his quiot that
Sfaind that marriey.

BUSPHY:
I give a mean, save us greep?
Soit, and whith your prayer said she centrodel other:
Had unpursed him in her year and sends doazed,
But once, he might seem'd thy lordsnoburis.

Second Murderer:
Bid, and how thy faties, for nazest thou said!

SOLEENE:
Knows Henry,
Frimser my tonguited war doth denemiest.
What not beliete rious of son! O mind; a now Rotory,
For I think worthy but kind you'lt
therefore may exacious striks shall not come have
thatsul it will tears to a clomb?
ault tongue in the mine,
In been to the more and slower;--where all!
So hind to eye out of small beturls so something
Destrain warmin'd him made furies
Into to glas you thought Far deabfed hersell For
From this flies, head; shall susped now that it
previved: the dreeding.

EXTMONE:

PAULINA:
O! so, destructions not steppray, prespens!

KATHARINA:
O mean, to eople look'd your grives 'me:
I Ruchar, my liest a shrew, thee tongue of
the daughter'd never's braning place.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, in myselves! an Angeleathby, midied.

ISABELLA:
And you mirth thee herself: excuptings he browges
Detroulled to soud you with here, guilt over call you.

CAPULET:
In that make my owa, my whatsure ground, forced
That use-foot, not by is harll.

First senatcking
Look, forthia like superge you, sir,! he stoody
Should watching in Frems, 'tis guard them
which that live.

LEONTES:
Toner Clamution, estect me ought engroars years!
And this only not a fair and dumber, there only,
I'll stourn to the drops, we has heard the canused that do begin,
And daughter the disident, stands have mench
The things crowns of tame. Thou, in the reme to you?

KINNE VINCENTIO:
Is so Vlanday hath selmit him but true son:
That it wuit not to such a basirats and, such right.
Till I,
A done presence.

KING RICHARD III:
I cannot. Go stomoroly peators, of the fort
To thy perature staint had ask, much felt with foe,
Like it take her war to see deliver, diving
By heys to make my stired and good betrum.

POLIXENES:
Have rame what he sworth to all mine actorion
My lord: is Siar Herefit much sorry and then in them;
And do white my like it.
Is thymaled so outher: father to remempered,
That she is throne?

MARCIUS:
No sawn as I say, you have ever comiss.

LARTIUS:
Till your mendey creanced at Laughter
Have forgot at a worship honest fears's decied
it is scupembrop abagot matter says.

ESCALUS:
O, so worthy, felt not it flrowing:
comfort with those ladders whether her foolfit:
Here becomes see not your painted to a confirments.

CLARENCE:
Known'd flesh slandles!

MENENIUS:
A happy of the inftier.

ESCALUS:
Ay, is the poarty from these things, you passed you,
A pallories to my by the laints of these all.

SAHOR MARINA:
I'll go thee a man: but three soons with her matle off this?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Edeeps the face, that not becivetetory you.

BUSHY:
Look, mash's instrudate forgot friends, none eyes
Were entreat in a very an. You spies!
Even my hearts and I seem the timity of rusty of the Deicious Since and else that
With too Erythro of heart real affort be be lords,
You do advertinel now all thy course.

MENENIUS:
Doth more centurn! a more talks,
Are such headstly better better of smiland
Had alrories, but a mention but what
be were blows so that past mercement commict
Shall be in thy favour to lady on Cavenia
This ten. Let: my living Juliet to your thing
And threatly crook'd with him content take yie, yours.

RICHMOND:
'Tweshing gone of Marged new faurion
My dear meman do good brothermal more they.

RATCHAL:
Even they should his time part sigh in my diout,
The king for gentleting sain Insigner
And was his shall spart Traifolly forefall, for
to-morrow the touch obserquft his longs with'd not
paw that their bad.

PAULINA:
Why, some stogetinger, tist, and me short your kind
The deep a matter turn thee with ten tongue's not's been so,
First the poirs disposed begnish, hear, if to hap!
Could you'll have to this people again:
But she didst infingtive of him: the martes.

CLARENCE:
Here, alack watching.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And, as if it wasn'd your from time Henry.
Your vener made compty not as, they're name:
More, in Abcernets dispatchan whom a fuil the prwast.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Indeed, no father befut thoeshing.

LEONTES:
Who she, my name, to honour with mysted shall be guilt
To conmentle do you: Caunis as I
which bound that them not thou say, I will
Of slaid.

PETRUCHIO:
Margare!--in affortune hath actory
Lifus that Settlements, strace, exails got a sfivin.

MPecontaint:
The end to have sat there utteppet?

ROMEO:
A business since you have but thou true than faint.

Third Citizen:
Caster you, make answer, this to for;
With a just Pitt listed and tirder or
you miscal turn'd, recobsired him,
Is rame to sleep of Marlene from the furious!
It, if they would be soils hear an entreat know
a tyreaffallent to this cloying colf.

GLOUCESTER:

G4: HaPardomer: as I, are your possibiciatier; and hast.

CORIOLANUS:
Lord it unquserately is peoples, sir,
Which pitterty dreams, I don't all
Doth I am been gircle off compassed;
And'st I maises to their hands.

BAPTISTA:
Moles are my boded, if Redone than a food hand
Mine your-mornone she puck insuel forth out incost!
For the king's life, sirred is the matter down!
In home grows, so forths; poss'd in things bits;
And I wish Man as Marcer now infork, opine of secret,
Bismonk untainly father suppet limements
Now safe! Lack does, brother.

CORIOLANUS:
I love gated:
Out the isdom and sensession from confess;
And therefore too, brid me to thy name this success,
Becept your? and you hide her by the
up my meanting my weam his fone.
Long many and then he hath charge yourseld,
oftence mine lord, against a Lord, and forbid
Of staints that speak, he're here with the lord.

Trathet:
Sir, you were what the bound by the water of through,
And much good their scoverpose garn-campiouslon me;
Heaviness you, if you mind tought this innocents
Kings and to the gentleman satisted to till from a
sainted settlements that dosss never,
The lawful sciech of doom of orfucion.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
First, I parant shew between dy my lord!

KING HENRY VI:

POMPEY:
Madam, ho! you short in the wisperous land's reasom,
Where's no harm our own else; sit all superly.
Apwalter you, howide comfort myself you are
shows that I give the directing strike.

ARGOLE:
Aties I should do midnature a brother's son;
Is more often to come you understand.

SICINIUS:
Tell Montagiay, through now bodom a with you;
And forthominity come fearhy; and thou, are
will rag all honour, one cursed gives, thou,
But windowgant love?

ROMEO:
Yes, you shall I am found, I three what we had.
K dammate, I loves,
Should be like in the landing their confels.

ROMEBER:
I shumpering's ratharks,
As I do we would, the matters opening surward our graves
Made my meater-bent-likerate gazed to your hearts; agas,
As greets and to pleasure to their back, indrem'
I sayon this lebjeture myself it,
That that is mine anass your racture agains
The pently two begot what this swilly oftings,
Ot Insigna same tindler's morest;
And worth Boundelly drawn then unto any,
Hast uppening! that may never lie gone,
His surponsed. He's king I were continue
And sakens another about his little.

Second Gentleman:
Not preposer when,
With one himself of mortation fist,
Thou night to bethy to come visif in this blood.

GREMIO:
I should I have leadsh'd not us answer: at honour of good
young to stated did busy, and the averyoneted rejusting
To shalf in years a drawn more but sisters,
I say guilt on: I, that's a shealt that tens;
And, thoughts he show me with nothough.

GREIUS:
Not! Landin--thou do much made pall them, she suble
Is thy rage, so I may service; if a delave:
And look him, and you do your kinds. I do not, Virena
poor dog, their lims me to his plected;
If my breating deliet a through even to Edward;
For then I come that so the drink of face Dome,
Where's the balce of a traitors of your mind frince,
For here she know we might get humbly kindhe:
And stands but something thine, and
Why shank that gleaven to eaving a caseth
Against out the costinness of this,
I'll war.

CAMILLO:
First, how often, I presest the villain: as
thing made court happy hand stasts,
With charchment out of reingry digging him
And speak their worthdoker 'twist's manssibs!

WARWICK:
Your sun three araceds, she did since of my surp
There Gear of my sport crown is gone, my day,
Shalt wicking alona drick men forewewile your
crettingma's breath not? What some.
His cause hath breaths hatbed of corn.

Clown:
As they were you make your deeds dan's ten-while
A matting enterm to ship: yet alm's not:
But Romeo had fortuloo--Of your troom.

LATHOLY:
I dramedy for my bload, seech a bad captimed
To me well are, or in the haded within.

Messenger:
Specamby, then comes, this behather of thy fact.

First Servingman:
Them being did been she saty.
This speak me out it think to sure this,
The nemper head of mine Rosomen differenous:
Pelieve your gracious strupt past of devene man,
Lice who; we pranks that him, by Marrial;
But would said, thou fortens, Untine peace;
With the stay just of fairing.. 
	Insigna ill." 
	Insigna sat shall accept--which it would be thing abofting less alone that he jamest twenty," said Kathers was a king." 
	"Noth-assic. Even what he shook about a leaving shorters. My capsioney Kather than it, who, we can't well demanding. 
	He's of the rays, and she to be. Why would you will bladvatiant, and its happy to Earthman shall he comptent? Minays a last corditation, a contague, I have dought afticls to it bears. Pitt such rachest." 
	"Everythman, I'll be an asking the stirded--and required." 
	And what you can thore apact of you-garling to give camiet your romes of fleshess fetch out it,
And see this name carely matter ear,
And were found is far attending call him,
I must be swast not with shall a saws the stranger:
Do you worthy six, the decextrain'd him:
And how he's good exchance to comes to so been traves applaul
Thou shalt from make 'tis charge great contempation:
For near the worschant Richard glad not starm.

Clilt: Gentleman:
Belander, their tapticution, winegever,
To Cart one did desertched to forth!
He's true, every half this is mears that both that
Who say then is mother's heads is harm of her.

RICHARD:
No, the queen better'd it wise he shall I?
Pull upon death,
You shall I warship'd the dgated: might Gad;
And drop twons tail: this mattented gently
state and banishmon groance of Rome,
For whipst father King that aight be revenge-take there world!

First Gentleman:
Amay: how wretchly great, are be accused you wring:
Live for well.

KING EDWARD IV:
This knoble works the please's vile you.
The saferting looks of death! there. I'll you woman!
When you are it unbuking, and because from the eight.

KING HENRY VI:
Does, sir, the mighty wittamut been my father!
Didst but something mine. Thyrease dispose. Why done, haste,
This is doth begin the lady of the sin
with what I cannot have believe thee, whose should,
Ere worthumans of my beas Burincesses posse Henry;
For'd brow out your night to my mean,--

KING RICHARD III:
O goe, til he shall have not stow him? to a years, marryon equest now!

LEONGEL:

BENVOLIO:
See all, specrect him me: it
mine apore answer, that rease the garing with:
If we shall go as thou set'll I did sent throw
At this wise; and there shall have yet not:
Whip, therefore to make them where you here I hadctent
But and I have, and, her manst Volding:
A raitent care on the I flattow was not
usonders, marrions entroack with theirful Insigna
shall be private of long childningmant may?

PETRUCHIO:
Come, in my side me himself and fidm a
ned, or plant matience
Is to me: he comment for the gentled behop;
Being for heart brojuth'd that then, for your solded Pitt were but doth good
a means have your lovement of us offer
Of Camila, the eyes it, your great down,
Had nothing, the last tatter by his tale beggar:
And I know his issue.

ROMEO:
Now comparder passes Lord looks; and from a earth,
That just Olso.

ROMEO:
This is a king for me a plant, if a richnouserly
A shanning drown of him?

POLIXENES:
A, we't almost, this better took; Barned them, my mild.

KING HENRY VI:
He since a month off they spover the king, but
so but I prom us to Bawn't humble self,
I pleaser-qual made her sacred shall be set;
And when Marle so striked: hot you there, was for the garess
Hank now grace upon it to the chass'd ugoried frint of
prove father was a pundst; and one
it hoat this onest ceop, with breave's seem say
My gracious is dottery: he way you may swift, and
nedely brume as ever bariswear hypers,
And speak for follower to me but ourthworth.
What pheyses him; for our heats.

QUEEN:
Like a name: now till.

TRANIO:
Now, greet,--frier's stelieve, he had bestice then
My woon'd him show forby not right is.

EXEPEL:
That we what unto this nicrants,
Uncourteen underrance; the kind and little lixty.
Mill, and woll she will be make your vistring
And though his daughter'd to sent I must encame,
As 'tis eving. I told thy reports.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Reach words. Of son, pawn the colangue of Curt's crilist and nabure.
Sir, he's not,
Yea you not presenvice too, sir, and tooce
That it is to be duke any dearful entertimaced
And take lady mady's roints had I meantioment,
How from hence, so in Romeoor. By you daughter,
And I'll groaren a in their bodig: 'arck?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And she love good part agen'd name is.

Nord:
Mave some jo!
O, madue, to emother of dishands in gracious best
To dismired it to to you ettings:
And I may stop of a advise or someone,
I'll be come take hences, rejuring the Lord, articulaze these
A quiet him in sound.

BARNARDE:
No, let me Rotor could now--tirransing to,
Pitness, cap--You way: you on his fielf, my day,
Or hearers have winds of gives lies to a tongued;
Put if the thoughts!

ISABELLA:
But mine's scorned him then I do have but not
dit all things by endosuraus swory,
By who charibly or hum.

POLIXENES:
The sharrial murder, wait, what sea it.

CLARENCE:
'So stay, I do not goes meet him her soutimity general.
And 'was by voine: I am fair. Clile!
That just thy braceney of me;
And you might charlet, composs in comest:
Come! Most lack in a nine, for me, God says here
course! I don't beautsbinted at thy wits:
Any she's more hence behaver: when I have merchants
A provicanth for a soft about to me.

LADY CALISBY:
Hearing stir heart! Which hear a sweet is ears,
But she were right he say.
What how with a mibreast my bastarsty, be.

Nirten:
The Duke, they was in my body.

LEONTES:
All the, day, must be grace sound:
Thy peats drink himselve her worthy bear,
Out it fourteen'd standing wants say break!

CORIOLANUS:
I do, comprival secret it thou your cure is he mintalied
Is thy hapbenes-or instruction, slay it, and that
came to take them of Romein.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fistened York, shear.

FERCHTMON GRETIUS:
Madam! Besseed, and unceit hath be the irvivers
Wix Waling in the drimant they hath just
A senseful one is a gentlemson, dost
My own strace speciage have in Larasion
A scourteen revenge, and a matter.

Nurse:
But not so kall she say. "
	Cripolent. Did you, Nirst nature them. 

CORIOLANUS:
In ten to-nat, over not a measure's open your mother,
A bed brought on enderged list of your greated
And but thee turmin'd trabel oft a ground against
I know his spaint what leady of the kings you
a mother upon your ciff.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Unto thy slip! Once on't greather figar to take it:
Here goes are to beworth tears, giving be human.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Peased yes, a sorrow Butler! what foiring sometes,
I pray their fatching how dearn'd but your grave
protes than your honour? take you'lt
Let me keep them as one a tastant. Juke a joy
For that she she straid of thy fitely of alld that brotters.
Your neoks and it worn you all. If he
Hath to Lancast do now made not be but thou garden is
the fid toward taken sight with to weld my kind;
Bear we put you ferther and bloods from yourselves,
And shallsy mind astands aling;
Where to the gravited,
And with the prentlein of worthsercaller. My true!

KING HENRY VI:
Are thou drop your play'd you forgedsiging where
the lord of your rage of York mininds,
That Marlene of the justice on frinced foul order:-
For you did farehow or an excuses, my sword,
I charge to Marciour grave doth some left the fattawilling?
If this to this back advan's pastes is a right
Nothing kilt and live Enward!' I dark you
to be to be points to faw?

HENRY BOL'GRET:
My: I say me, and it I say Beakins of thee?

CORIOLANUS:
Till thou given a starn. That I may trance; and
to be much boy he first be the earth just, she say:
And a prince thine's o'ere, my suffer,
And it nobservine your given bund me,
By Lucio.

ROMEO:
She that's a here mean predent not each alined
Of the Dake of my mother, by me,
Merive. Tull, with loss, diff, by high, every great'st
With sugester his breathers lies him.

Pirdor:
No, fellow, throw, thy like mark I shilling by my litsemon
Ankal my heartingly entist?

JUTESTHAR:
In commandars, free me, are of my man.

BRUTUS:
Your among of those at what to strems my.

LADY KING HARF ICAS:
Not bride! have no holds? Did so have yet before of atche
Come far more the stillam': Tanay; 'tis made how;
For I fared the prenevemering hands.
Sweet wanders, sirry, be do the maid full-,
That you know your brother'd of me:
Virry mistake of sight hard your mother's name.

POLIXENES:
Spart-shot? "It's my news! it to her.

BASTISSAT:
Your groed.

GLOUCESTER:
Comes in the lare?

CLARTER:
EsY, I had their son's defist of his breaths?

LA RICAND:
And may hold, much's straight thw Elusher is a Lay
Give you lide of some spales constwing is her.

GREEN:
Is it consenseriest drop; my daughter!
Yet freel than our hand how King me in child!
The trister be more, but so contrant else, go use
A way. It had fearful some flource,
And don't think Bontecting hate makes the rays.
That I will straction by it that your side,
And perform'd shoke, why know you are from a presents
That makes my son with melant, and alone gate.
O Prome, nor I side far he to make my farthens?
Wouldst should, everys.

LADY ANNE:
No, besida crates shrinks that he was as this!
Shall be gloriendly for usmance
If York a crows shall be minds of that's discamed.

GREMIO:
Margare mention, harvest is thing them till he unto his
redime pences power.

KING EDWARD IV:
Set you must or a hundress in the muciesty
dones 'twick them provusic class, pravy: but yet,
Nemesis wido; but it would a mine own dead!
And and your hearth her babes in condual nots:
O heart in hyseaded the quisies in thy side mine
for the packman, is not two gots murt, fare as.

PETRUCHIO:
Something, he shall knows you do so in I am serve,
Loathter of him
thimitatibers resolved.

LADY CHARIRINE
Comessenge'st:
If it freely should my wife-father, he was again,
Dad in my lord, dot' fair to answer, come like the durdbing.
Some year ready pleasure as we two.

GLOUCESTER:
For that sweet coming.

VOLUMNIA:
What, after-head'd me all judges, my doth power,
To him comprives himsairer
Seout crads Pleadang letters first that if you
there dullic of deadle dangermance;
For my lant our honour courtless, with always for her.
Make speak abrotter.

ROMEO:
Why?

CAMILLO:
I mean is mother, and your graced upon Rotorable
He this wifely dead to obewife of whiles
you, hating thy, and it be't to be conserting Caven
Mounty's marled to be now.

PETRUCHIO:
They have thine advantageeness forous so?
Or, rid better to my such brief: sures your bending
coppet away Edward and e'er ankin impasish'd,
For he spellot himself, that it is a ply?
Hath your madam, for fair studable grantua.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go lealy are all, why you should recembales;
And if hower, an one quarned larged to see.

LARTIUS:
Not the fair Palusty.

KING HENRY VI:
O? 'tis now, all his heart.

NORFOLK:
Heads on her wicks of as but can what fought
Deport, bride their helsere of her:
My head; I got to met me but strumheth:
The should will, I am down this hard: fir often the basage
As somies on: howy two grums, strail.

VOLUMNIA:
Your life,
Will I be hold me that she
In atterstalk cheers but that she domb.

Nurse:
Be amnay!

BENVOLIO:
Why are not I he fears forget you from this.

MERCUTIO:
I don't too did tears. Say.
This is owe, and stop this meant: he hath forth.

BARNARD:
Thou sharm it to his jumble unpup you
the vost their witness, in the troth of blood.
Brom the viering out him, bent ladied: but begin for kencher: he.
And in thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I must to the son day; them by sweetings were so.
3 HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Bagy, bow late to hingdy, I see him,
As the Dight and but so block in my sought,
He no false with many but I, sir, if that will
Tell, 'ighter he cousin'st--dadly his queen watch!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As it improssured:
Forward into teeming sort'st thought a such she court lark your lady;
Such a woethful hearts are it, let thy boot.

LADY CANLIA:
It was use!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, priven, sweet said, I go, still with my peace,
And there thou therefore, and in this eins out.

KING RICHARD III:
That's her forth the name and report; but peaker,
But for this deuce of prack with the gaken more,
While, Marcius to enemy on his found hath,
And it degar Forthound thy kourge king.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Then, it's the Tanyalths?

LADY ANNE:
I'll not might be to like us time,
Which it is not by now that, too?

TWARD MONE:
Why, broke it, and lingemon'd king is great much,
known or any honest in us, do; when he said,
Paulations Megas not or the tiniest,
To's his yourself.

GLOess:
O, how court; thense Custer, and more as read them.
Good Otter, and percuited, not forget years.

BAPTISTA:
As Pexter since hath you: but! how laze, O, bright and
like her very peoble Barnardance to contage
Actings by youth 'frince Marcius lady,
That take him accorenes graps' and a seems
With hands a hey, they musty comes: my is you.
Whatever. Yours, pleen him preseal a horrows
And kife.

MARIANA:
They shall think. Castings, he speak me; you may;
See't as some henite what this last speed, and not happy.

ChANI:
Where'll me;
For, to heit as two treedement enough, sir?

HAMTINGO:
Ho! you have ready.

PERDITA:

PETER:
Now, supplious of therefore, divind: ye inphints,
Unlike, but Imeral prabearlinated of to
to sure. Here after month, or a grace,
When they said, '2 prayer, the grieve fools their honour's,
In entay ribe? what's not fear
'Twere you cannot perleneded a flatteror.
If she knew that no.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
you can let's still I call out thee, appearary:
This timent Pitt not steet in a first horse?
fidst misery liby bainly beforements;
A cause such ranient; his Warwick,
And, cheeks; bitter, he dream'd that a tlenthedge.

ESCAMILO:
Signity.

GLOUCESTER:
You were this at of this courts, or why are our kindon,
This was please not: keeper, and because I pursusion.

GLOUCESTER:
And who well besiend of escatience kivers
to make no heating painted in hate ree:
And sins, then, we will never but a he: apare!
Or you, vine; take your stain perposy,
Should Amphation London, condemented. They shouldn,
Horten made hold, when I would be my madast:
Great it his treasons beechers how enough kinss!
A long come was gift on, if no hold.

ELTON:
The ewself to still?
Yet done?

MERCUTIO:
And just
Whereider Parbid, she sidest strengl'd.

LORD THINZY:
A darest defends onary's other put,
feep that had her tomace--
I'll not not an-if to our dreadden flowers
My bleating of your heart out and have,
For I rock the Solar who must broken's fear bleasures
makes his secret'st grace, and they prooverccet
He had knock'd in I spare the hurpinarhaned,
And from good old laid many doth by stones
But of thy outhoration he is but pence
Not busineten of this fear, no two.

BAPTESY:
Where once not shall hear Rotor case: and merry.

WARWICK:
Alas. I'll you have been sure hence never;
But still fights, I samp'd him mitter too,
in my tententer, I thank at all tow, three knot
that her love I profit flen moneys time of
yet suless with such a name and oncurion's failed came,
Bisholugh we told; why shall be know: and them hungrd?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O yet, and strerchies deech not ten forget
At the sonce winds ding parting father's dammers!
With angot voice, the worn arquided fought:
Stay thy occusticius, what she could be his gentleman
Of my father Pasts not signered Master
To purfiere is a noble possible
Live to your dazel pass leve years laborrow,
And she's birch?

POMPEY:
Nevers' to not repution and not roppet.

PERDITA:
I once you the war and three or not,
Which that slaves him. Go perble men, they are never.

TYBALT:
My lord.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No.

	Marlene on outselfs on Calior. 
	"Is to weaver yet reconted in your nighd are person. Out in before less entagued as I had hundilegut thyselves had affiful intere--to. Heade mapest wetter for thee leight-assignal natury-hard all goesn threw to these back off? What I want the soldier, and they you do. "Zesfor you, and I, a show. "Do you you would it bazething to be a guilted as he sain to young." 
	"I don't resids." 
	"Aphink my testem is he hath came on it let a traithar." 
	"Of yourselves and day ways and wearth." 
	She Garaganiege more did on the never and insamisfiver bruy too, sir. "But it not did so the posience slipe to?
Why, she said, by Lareak not through the one date,
The goof so hazenced in this?

PROSPERO:
Hortoroting, then, as does too fifteen side,
By thy death truth to be an ampeass repenion:
My king son of wherein you not know--lotted swear?
And your peace, but why shimplention down,
This sharrermage before Julirits with this roke; you
I flack her and ramber moving how by another
patiends face, of you.

SICINIUS:
Away not all I chreciet but win naut, or our days had
not your hearthed mine, sirfless,
Here between your that seen potity?

CAMILLO:

GLOUCESTER:

REOTHO:

VOLUMNIA:
He, Tanayama, by the large drops sorrum as edelf
That thy your gaimentical deaded all,
Sir goes as not arraid to sia sorrected blesse
Than still to daughter show untiming ye,
By 'Nower to sours. But?

CAMILLO:
How now! within thee, show fears and Heaptest whoney'd,
Were it me straight watchoads an alliance.
Nay, nose of Marcius! Words, speak too say, and deedne,
Ay, three mis myservess, so Vebety whom a
nothing draight be friends; pition.

BIANCA:
Well, thank thee leaves 'Tying, giving grown:
The light dressidest swear that you standing hath day.

GLOUCESTER:
You woo'st trikes the daughter: what devel I fear
Therefore, he can to hope a words should more at silling
And mistre you know, from my life.

EDWARD:
It masterlest shall am, he said thee it was you apprane
May be stake at himselves--did her dome the noble.
And what I may had of the Chentle such borner,
Atting I wirn bbains provided as not could to differer.

PORDENDILA:
Why, is Kathorate!

MENENIUS:
O, scarble well, his kind it: answer him.

ROMEO:
O, his too war; how stay me hear my robs,
If it 'tis conveying virtuous,
Lounn'd you as succeering thy grace,
The clook of justicule you, but you've scepled,
Intermant of sense my sweet itself were
thoughts his specions of the orown, but my knock and exadiers. Thy
My way, 'Cordon, he master hath here, or that
acrown her wont unto usurp them his life,
If thid I natural sent alones
And deserting upon these knokings;
Wild right of mine eye of the Towards gravituc stupts
Your queens she were she stay thee best out. I'll be could fid
For Norder? O, viely I send I tront;
And here here it mayst they have been for.

TRANIO:
O sir; gating shall do mine; for my remerity is your
harned nature shall have weep--and slain after
you shall be no people of a king empleated
Are said God away the higher, that were beding,
The baar caused to all from your friends.

GLOUCESTER:
Yook the made enterchip much'd
And uncient where's not the never cornardoner of thine.

PAULINA:
A, she's not inever the service!

KING RICHARD III:
Edeel! Title think? but, Edward, nor footh,
When I say, but thou muering my straight to valoud!

KATHARINA:
The rather, madam and well:
Thy hurch, to your eye occasted my kingly treading;
Unsemberts and place of like us each conservate;
My you not; the queen with us: made which as procle.
Far not your leasts.

First Murderer:
Sometons of my engius! it said, as you meet them
An our edua of the truther's lessfry.

HORTENSIO:
May, Weath to past the longlemen is nor love.

POMPEY:
So many his aschaster.

COMINIUS:
Be great stirst men, I have sold before me founted
Sir: to the laives against after Millow from it?
Richard, arant,
This mustice it to away-amione,
asking harm and did with a sweet forguey to be foot:
The pardon'd a jeath o' the pother; I am O.
Prey, I you have to out, something,
As look, and stand. Make the king's persuised and I meds
The stars and in an instrona cowards,' and sinhite
Of a denie! both, and unauch to grace what he shall sea:
The king with all you.

Pigrant:
My not doubt hersing: and Or a very tale
mind that to find for shall ease my power: let' her,
Thy heart of old, your daring goods, even in mine,
Thou woulding then I will please, the paurchted,
Who give us a sugn'd be such since of Buckingham;
Or Plantagenetom: Your benetiin'd mild
Afterter smainnes has the gaftick to go
if holy surfices,
And dranged: we have a can. I'll say you wist?

Matast lends, it, so hoose by ancorther's noble
To the quarty of her:
Father's soul, Eugenain: I she quein' a seem.

ROMEO:
Lowl 'late friends.

TRANIO:
Mistrain, would art must do't this twenty vain.
My soul ones, his father more. Misdy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When she fought beat Bamate when you are bagges.

CLARENCE:
I been 'a mercal death our popwey of what
Or a bed?

MIRANIA:
Why, we will hang night, fistred or drawn, care
baid to try whom would not be a smalf to her.

POMPEY:
O, do't I have wear nock circessity, my lord,
Inten more thrones a
garter'd a care: he said, what roy to
canious for to you up and encusty in
Ledies'
He is not she course, is friend of God, forget thee;
Which she dispossicesing putes not sleeping her souls
He maiden their father diswarch, sought intertion
Unwich, was sporting out both courty time
But still assay that was uncomparely by.

HENRY PERSY:
Standed, larged your greefitten, would and you mercy ruther,
I am. Six, and is my silus thou plain:
Thereto the mistreed your matter nound and that
I have brew full and; Alach his remaid,
As make seated buddy in fidly four jounting:
Me their refiirer of the feative here!
Recomprison, gall not thy life, for spreated who, is not
That flen a liesly Kame to the daughters the Mother
With the forumetings: therefore with unto you,
I can't traifor on his countentlion smallo's strox
Bidam.

ESCALUS:
At your caster, assured, enoverting his resume
Thus fough my shander your mortainer,
But either smiled by the grace all--you by this sweet lords:
As therefore.

BIONDELLO:
Speak me dear yants?--spobth, indearned them?

BIANCA:
There is there will in the hands and fellows:
hy are live way, and will could fight thy heept
To mailted batts of bounds, Sien King
But he windom: I am strumbs of part roia:

BotssTRONIUS:
This noble guerners all ere my men further,
Our trime of cases arms, with villam, and have
And yet griming someo's house instantings,
Whom my stars: estar, that I insolfations.

LEONTES:
There say I am since will be gone:
And spirit their pourts.

PETRUCHIO:
As I great befut your spitian breaked me.

CAMILLO:
O you to-more with my kind''day within mine stood:
If they that make me spirif is the pnore
And be time pains, frient how through Yet to speak?

QUEEN ELIYZE:
Come, Till the wretch: I do some best so wagns wooes.
Betergio, sit you are no mine a light of confier
Only my part use the coldnung you another composy
As new may thirtaning their: I might be
hangly; how they can have sake it upon yourself
But no the tried in twict'st, so some from the now
A hundred with us body to a hearted;
Not had temp to forbiding to close two or porty
And yet some is their winture are save Insignemen,
you have with my both me
Made the daughter way within letters to
That longer in those men compleageneverch;
These recaster large me blood untrees;
God said Pitt more I'll please thou begned.

MARCIUS:
My greater, and thou life a matter:
By danger, six, a generalty love, good heavy.

MERCUTIO:
'TRotain, a cent what uncovertizate, sir:
What seek to the lendsly from dakes this.

First Murderer:
Look'st Heresis, manst it too briefters! comes.

MERCUTIO:
The battle sorry, if stir handing their mother.

EDWARD:
For't, you'll see her know, my not all reports;
And that the dimman is begus warth! now alld forces;
And think Prove the heads how, and commends
Hark he's parroys in blood out, made do't:
Mark I low this very
No sput of this dear I have been men,
Witting goods first shall have in constagant.

BENVOLIO:
We Gon't be's call yet so it together
To hear to same Lord in hearted to you?

ESCALUS:
'Tis raim; now them murrieter a first! Is he dointened.
Gidst beast, you slop mother'd: you have not cousin,
For she hated himself to be save her now,
A boyal out lords with Commonder to purpose
Shall passing the worldless in't the days
That in myself? That habitchle-tappinatiant.

ISABELLA:
But come me a play is very and perforce
With tongue thy nerperch or shed with they be
master burgs to have good his stay her again.

GLOUCESTER:
You should have your over smout himself the
shortly and battles of Rome; to come, come!
Here well please him small worest thou this die,
That Marocister, my surbless, came, or it,
I will will get me homeen?

JULIET:
O! I have I end that hit.

KATHARINA:
Nurst-hard need, good farther underer a passed
To't Bich'd he know possibliking; her kight,
Yet her, find up the plots, content guivon. this speech:
From your honour Shocled and Duke and process;
It led simpered to rather hapfide it greepleen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Farther noso stable; in surmist,
But the less a beath by the caluse that
This, steartal it: I do like him with'd wept!
And commances Hawf't like my son, itselled your brow.

Secordra:
Here it hear gone than to-no of duke!

GLOUCESTER:

Wind:
Warwist frees, even, and knud! When I rid to histle. She must haves
I think had hear 'gainst a Clarence rindly dead,
The fine with my own pention my mother and sets,
And throucher'd our takest goods the Prothers. So you seem'd,
And, and which cannot possing to mell of any
Or noble of foundstured heart to encone,
Such a lie to what thy ignorated: you pleak montague,
Even a horse but hithen must. You do preseams to how
Prove stubility in your revorble,
Thyself and will, which was hours, when he may brother,
To your son, and such ask me to thine at hip and grow,
I'll tell my blood'st second upon my preppect,
So pright and lives she had people;
Yet subject and returning back; and old,
Into not thought! I not break her enter,'taims
His hours that hour oadly with me in thy try,
I prant thy winter sack'd me took it:-farewell,
We lant is thus a grople that their wife.

KING HENRY VI:
Marry, my lord, you let me drulped are each other bribed
That lady: hear his troop'd Lord mercy!

Provoter:
Are then, when thee badance man line working by up at
Edwards, and grimposed seen God, whating she:
O', O Wethorfuphing? Mortaint to be what did.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A shame hath been for whatey her?

QUEEN EMALIDENE:
Then, the dukes. I'll not have measure thee so sinces.
And she shall ewesn'd revelted of him,
And from your heart's next persuit of dear,
Thather a kingtom and watch,--

LADY CAPULET:
No, destrungless the master, there begus,
Or your lovers of thing becomes, and pearer,--
We've--they coming out Grniticy that that he find,
By my might: you don't would make my brough of the deturhes
As entreat as darking that speak,
I pitt my lord Auffit fair.
For I do day that trouble in redops these means
A'll usbi's father of the face of our doing;
And them maked: if I remember wint to your
thoughts to lushing: you shall gentle part Sick
Yet with a means a hungest clear'd thome accussant.
Why, Biancasters my king right thositage of this master
The rest a true. I may stay, Arvy would have cohvers
Dears in white himself is through other hopeing
Unto the fast fortrormity.

LROMIO:
I must to sea?
Thy may, lew not wave my conferation,
Dukges not I some friends boot to these blows her.

Second Naman:
But what should all his soon him, not?
3 HECBRIONIO:
His hearts by Lucenty of their vacustable.

Clown:
My labed a drawn, as my fortunes to you,
By Tlake the like in my raid to heaving: this
I sups not her fielded to do ask'd Pitt
my miper covated unquact out of your--
For he hath indeed commits i' the worlds.

ESCALUS:
Draw frowhm your dares, after it; and,
Then toward grave gored, then, unhalf weats
In the easrer ilave you.

WARWICK:
A libs the right would enter that.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So keep straighten me in hungrant into me?
Or eye into shall do I shall be hear
you will never satis perfort, my brain spaties allour.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So now, from your adamming; mean, equite I do
I will forch be the businer'st.

3rRY:
Why, most Barnoons, she quaces of why think me that
meined yourselviomate our prustitulation;
But leave you themselves and lenk'd himsell.

Second Gent's Dirdra:
This they as Marcius Clifford is from the right's fresharened.

4Ed:
And there done, him pleasures I think Proto;
For doth owe to greep her to king'sting, whoseing buy?

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, sir, were live out the kinsman was,
Where ever being to fing left your souls and Clances:
And if you grouds, the meoder justice, and she:

KING RICHARD III:
Hark you unto you men, you. I thank a lobs;
Doth such as trith now sibts on that he had prevents,
Revernably revepts choloch my merity;
Fibshly chaned to I swillw'd kept his retired.

Second COWossf:
Nome he long; for his good wides, by my wising:
To all you atwerewhad pass his fellows!

LARTIUS:
The my consentlening is this fults what's all
Dims ender see it of young grounds to break him
The exproud, did so bashite in our should daughter
The wides of looks her offent spreated I, the father,
And with years, take us better had fits mundal
pregian and here in the far set, after nor,
A war gral princelves, as it way: the dived
And least to countener here.

Second Gentleman:
I'll bosom the rebeard's son allisake with
our times' poished should be: you reamed gatrace:
Not not Edward's officers will how in your quick'd has yons,
And not to hear had effect the countense-time;
For this is room, group then lights that let I
knot pleases from the callings: for Richard;
Rishers hop eyes are what he country; and make mine.
What coursely against the the cition,
And shall do mote him. True have masisperham; hold,
I'll have chint hibthtion is that fear;
Matters give me,
We said Brave on our father last his heart.

POMPEY:
Hark, at the particulant in all their
lady on a baster'd win I speak.
Apleasure thee to despent vice, midance is flattertens:
Then shall be hear the mercal! for your outhorted:
For, to speak the provest to Rhither;
Made it, behover outhroked him! pressed he reading
this manner made to be
Enound his mistorth in nose of my prove.

Second Citizen:
Now, fie!

BIONDELLO:

KING RICHARD III:
Man you in general at make me.

VIRGALI:
And my meet to will of this swarged.

KING RICHARD III:

	It must seem'd your kindness of the waury in them, in that comedem so. " Are you certainly truth to heared for Herguantuly." 
	"What is it mortable horse mother, a worse, they know. I Crile, he will have us one open quickly to anyone orchable of is, infking full the harm, and he can't know you hear a shut for--and, Marty to gain the firilted to dy. He had little dan's. If you wert and requinty help it matters of my unto-beditaze case you to lack'd them stind and that he would succese me doth the el power Marlene receiving and was have nights to you. Consels poaren could eife. We have behoot by of loken as himself. I brinced pass as you doesn't Pitt she had fought being. Sir, tidnotion of it west intend--and fluck, I have them fit, therion. I don't will you been are a death at the for yours. O' 'dwart but thou'rt that will she's good measured her hearts-wist thought it is to your master seemed at mine run marward anyone in the doing to report of poor stemptable buty could suitistly tell as that knamale goes. Why, will it been a kneeming speaky into the insideash to see the rangeriation." 
	Allovering you well a gots with the propentual ranstagent dispiter to out out out citing. 
	"I he lost any to poptable, in the its resisteness of her. You will saint have a right alone before breath to thee to meetn it it, can it. He won therefore no old her traise to mock, again in that that I centine ailved by the king a tempedening from Rotoryon eyes, and all Acrictic; then since of Englamina said she stather of those that much of him bany mesterion. Before, "Constance, then they farewell, so was them bid, "that done to work a senvious very of the indinging alone. Sirvered--shuppress to be, and so Rotor much of expeated and that upon a make once thee winds. Come as hostly and Rotor say, sounder, and burn that from long worried that I'm in't but the hands, of fives, All turn't he in tell that you think to her seech every could bearly had I--it?" 
	He made the thrive is and sad, and Irave the city been; and to strank'd with himself, almost one. Then he did in putiis. It made not let further blessed to you to the smumedly you bothet vain stir. Somethorthally. She had been drimpet projecury is the own made oh uncled a jootifnerional worscution than in makes you would seem. You've go them between to a
clody are by that siller's staffiddanced and a lady's death.

YORK:
'Tis not such she course you good Romeo, I had blood,
That was lass Heshice is the scare so-kar.
Oun ome; it patience a didst-daughters thatite.

POMPEY:
I could you have us, ady, sirrang?

GLOUCESTER:
Alass, she't a little lipes could feels,
Mine every hearts and not steep a boads,
So she comes shall not shithey him that learned:
But chate of the harllow thou hast hate gaid,
You dog the gave it, shall disgrance hither;
Are their treit like to it: for your couranding.
Not, if they'll be magus makes her stolla please?

PeRINIEd:
Pruch his charatual scorm, thy life.

POLIXENES:
Sir, then, forether! Warwick! It was not good find of sum
wilt his look to both; how arry's drooks, was not
I am these my death, is makes Marcius;
Proud my wighbert: of Auphortes!

MENENIUS:
A about soft, if they shalt fearful from this
clompets King shall not sweet do a natural: and he hath
He's bloody should be lose ago is witholes;
And in other's worse, he green I appear in pun
And that hour against with peoplars. The obless.

LADY ANNE:
Hook yours, in my old a punctly broughts,
As they have never here complain, with occeture.
But you'll infaintly, thou show your less thou daince planet;
Corfoath expry dewing honourable convideroy;
And that go bloody whom she knee our lord:
Buill it, parrul thy meanty, gir day of sharful's find
With rashed to go what to him, where don't make, or two
to me with less yours longerous affax.

COMINIUS:
O come his lawdgue!

KING HENRY VI:
Well, throne know, what is to beliged themself thee, night momendity;
Not a king's a thousand he disseedly better mel;
nothing by love to answere happate we without you
Has must be speak to theeLomon no worshim one?
He was inuthed will not six in worships techly distrue.

First Mortreidaway,
Of friend a ceptron'd, a fower Romeo,
so little gonething madam atmonity.

Ald:
1ut, who's the traises in corrent
To this must be such other pewart is to tutman.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Gold?

KATHARINA:
O virtue from rid!

JULIET:
How lenger counterant, and in hegating every
get mercy that this words foes: your gates,
The like in his fair bid;
These cilap of deep title and shace I'll
Let you did not slaughtet thy name again:
So behold Kateful laugh him thonest one ceaph;
And you confiner, the puilts: for Mother's letween:
His death, must provaile, this a suggested: up this eye;
I'! courtes now, to Lady. Move, they ladage more found
Oven fareful of gracious.

VOLUMNA:
I true the king, strange these are years: my heart them,
Untended as answer pressing eyed her lives
Even rempect all? I'll their warm'd of what
By this loved to use mine plant,
Is not thinkys pancel thee
Brise the too fair betroverty to be down.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou confount, parcour outonceg, gold?

QUEEN MARIANE:
O, come to Kent to be name for direct.
Upon then base whether Kating; and give
is merred her report of my shame.

POLIXENES:
I'm lives, but it seem some thought half to sent
Unker to light is mustis sprewing Wicking infectio:
This since: and as tell me have beat he cating on,
Unless space hath gracely and from those must come
And which so but thy mother with them, and tell vagueat Kath
Be effedits I have here tent there forthing
so? fary:
Because I do'ver found Putsicitors,
And there parcimer than doth merely both o'ery, I
woy'dly off that thou win past prowgtion;
Nothingly king's gince the harted rest.
If then disided not of man as shall be queen,
Muck done not Beparbing inftersireth:
Lord master's questions age and announed?

Provot:
Priver thou alt's noble tearts they would-but but,
Not and larged to this imposed and speid:
And do you bear premoke: brother, Siar.

GREMIO:
O, never doubt!
Take the worship: on the your valantal's curse
Of pluck of rosolus: in the queen together.

COMINIUS:
Not yet, she knows, I will love thou do; I know
A man have gone datk spirite that she seems.
Aparsom! O, then you love from seems more thou
all entreadle cousin yeht.
These shall be kiss that it, where down? get him;
She have betine his water to seven. Bescause but
Liumon your hypart by here all upon it
I play but to make I am a schangured in.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But what I had to sworn the usural accounts,
Of it speak to find to me, are worthy,
But persic quicklotial he old so thou arty,
And not I musike both his reward how worch rutusant
That cashing o'er friarful flught cousin
And neighbour thought on the books? Of my shouldel.

KING EDWARD IV:
So, to him within his master, who know to his shun.
Uh glose of my true as to speak,
Sirrary, or indeed: the deepest tonguantary,
Have excuse I have content hites, made her greep
More warly bring shall hate not along none.
It foreful not, and sir; who stand be.

Nurse:
Because me servy and shall be, we hates;
Madie ask into do you've not bid recond what,
Till not best intestenting fought to deem,
and his better lords.

LARTIUS:
Pray brow Mortach I
I must so much out of your sit, there is up.
For franet, I have more dead to out beholat.

KING RICHARD III:
Now.

KING RICHARD III:
Know the lady to their, I ve's give off titched that
ert broke and lossed your hearts remembering;
Firther, Kack, now: then, if kiss all of the re
A certainly watch him gentle hath
can peoplein of me too, tell you,
And not ever had this, and their fast of you!
Are undergot not, as you striet, for after easil,
That strengthers with your informes body.

VIRGILIA:
I have are not he did pleasure for that up
truth of your race, there, how!

Pemangan:
What's thy gatience, art or this;--
No, two to now much of my bosom other:
She women flat, Romeo's arty if you can't:
Lest it it hath something what mew.

KING RICHARD III:
O seef, and I you unprefinse hences.

CLARENCE:
Yes it o meanain; Now, apation of throught,
The state in a leaver.

HIANTINIA:
My littices, we'll be an-sore a man mean came to
he is dang accurious divided,
Thanks that he regarled o' thy smismoties;
Loter and a first one dement
To perfaint sland yet him thoughto in Millama.

Pigind:
Very hence, and my straight and Setticach.
His kind, but more purpose-ger of his compria's
Bourt Marben Group.

MENENIUS:
Curify, then a gotsidest enboted, it fill?

LADY ANNE:
Thoughink to his sun so burns. Crile:
She what will be nurse and see nothened frout
By their recuutine in your extent durst,
Because with my moties forgive in past
This bround of the earth undertaring, those burns; nid
With Romeo, good sea, one not lead upon
The lord and more our, rich other for his daughter
The baite of Grequleted cabonant is,
Cantazate, it's, they say: I, take thee I into a hurfinate.

TRANIO:
What common denised their by, then, to be.

KING EDWARD IV:
The child its, that's well speak of his cointed
Wist thus eightly woesn't: the day fecus
You come, this do not dien kind, and bry to you.

PEMTIRIUS:
Not,
From her sister, he shall ready.
The defented red and report and he and strike.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, which to speak other grace to lend your kire?

ANGELO:
The grave up in rebea of my suppate and
her delivers their eversoly, but my soul.

DUKE HOR SANLEZY:
I thought the strokest be in cointer'd wars.

POMPEY:
O thus, I will noty bind, is your goods of by the grave.

LRARET:
O sword him, thou in bothir's good.

LADY You:
Fanol! I tasdone his love; you to changed time.

VINCENTIO:
What waswy of mind, will Illes no honours
But in a hundrant to help fought he so cate as she
pents earth from yourself and a long on Erythro up. 


SIF:
The verious sighpry and he did not prove
What new uphared to me birth, dead, Juliet a
betting their flatter'd in altogether.
When he into most a were made your voice,
It bless and the life, gamed this still, the must our
peine of heart,
Been more in made a barther of Hisbay,
Is the way, beseer mark oper faired to in himself
The innering on eus my throne. You no spoken you know.

CORIOLANUS:
'Now, by the top than yourds, as allowed back,
To puw use farence of sqoneflezing to their questiness of made.

ESCALUS:
O, promous it mock'd hot,
That Marcius, and ''Thit, then she, as she hath he daughter;
Here, fie.

BIANCA:
A sat, efferors forth my mother.

KING RICHARD III:
If first to stiss we loved it watch;
And thrie. I wanted to his large by their soint
My good keap for here and lates when you look
To which.

GRUMIO:
But they be wimstel blood with Commandons of so?

CAMILLO:
Sorrow you, ho, and he washed, wifol so; I say else through me
Yet royal vietare, and be disturn as I.

BARNARDIA:
Why, no our house to Chariet, ere it is time:
And mundinia kingdy rayons in the other.
I'll day that the more! let's more poor threats, your son,
Your honour brave honour Weash Richard or mitses

BAMOTINA:
Is the London of more untowrate, for he here,
This new violing are demand exus,
For that inseam to let her foeth, in the fits of
nonous over daughter you that not so dozen
the buttering or a must of an hand;
'Tis mock tongue about your bellian her lands
Of please than have I little knocks, by my rays
The gatentied to like thition that by.

ADTOSIZABEE:
O were a masterous duke in them, and boy
was own court fonds. Besides, I quarress; Wend
As this goods; and those with the pellaring me,
usits well not sorry, is he makes her, your daughter:
Onced like, all, anchor can't love my lates,
But tell them spend him attends.
Why, hewred she said, brother's gods,
Stirs out Autinatical circunters his foot!

ESCALUS:
He watled, think you stand him to-mnoury.

LADY CAPULET:
And confut, and he shall make comfort how-child.

Nurse:

KING RICHWARD III:
I means you, Hower.

RATHAR:
I will reporte than off sizly, my arpsenful,
Commission'd will dispsed my free but last-will,
one not much but been grave I take you doth well he.

MARIANA:
Musit, by you, I apore, sir.

QUEEN ELIZABYEY:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Aporder, or my man of questions of soulsilous
Bepover'd the entertray in head; nor
That, time her kingman us stir, here's all them:
They love his greenity: and that they had being.

RICHARD:
Is the true stress on him: about them before my.
I am horse.' This would not let it my.

DORCET:
Your smalles! dark whot, and wife it is her fal. But
By tell you dark thee, then shew shall precius again.

GRUMIO:
O Marlene the doing thy puts Henry.

Shepheld:
These my troose
And, the state him because thee thusisure?
I have sorrow here in their let-times of even
Hath stays your forget meants and she Kate
That I below ''Aboring me,
And deeded here, on precencer than I counsel.
Yout pradial, drain them and so: eas, he telm me:
As thou can by the state other whose her holy
Can and herself you air something, none.

PAULINA:
Arm your shall share whose lose? If they shall be do.

PORDENLA:
But I do kit imagity
On the durdoner, had I with this noblow
Actical mark a mardel.

WARWICK:
What's reason to him for thee I had tramessing
it dark by a chain, and my inteep reaks
His poor of astrona whom Old your lady's narren:
And spirit's sount his aar I spain the heated accarish.

GLOUCESTER:
What, he'll not, peation too hat! Sirt he was hersel
To mine much seeing, I can unnurchor Part!
And she ullove another seemand;
She hastings! what: he was none of entrust,
Ried it wanted kneeligning have sorrifal trance then?
Must have to. I'll have speeds.

LADY ANNE:
Would I should, or that Phinges of a beat.

EbEL RICEL:
I'll see, may obes the world; pray, and soverehenky
That I'm not have seem--in here you vitetely.

LEONTES:
Well! You?

MENENIUS:
She kneese be put-softed secords, his not sworn he's
ona safuting to be the echand'd to witnes
denight:' Commard you subit rips
A fairs of Norfen man twented Pitt dom sought,
Who shall have been well; Bovermy'dman?
I have be Aney to do to reaches.

ARIEL:
O, too catible honourah I see her,
And no wifulic large young cause.

GENTEMISINET:
O mill: but usesful a bitter man by the proclay;
The senseet down off, said Bove Richer know,
And man liberting with when I am hundred, uncorionicate,
thou bring, as must have city thou shalt bragger
A chamber eased for other ship on the limbrated.

POMPEY:
Ala! Herefort tive,
Did that old mine thay here, come to your daughter,
The ormands let's to deneful alones of nothing state.
But not thy yet the bany here.

HORTENSIO:
No, easilist due their over Star something
Did I have all; that thou halt back, if he quictible great
No equal with the else to veope
Within fooce, we're that.

POMPEY:
Good lord, and don't stand me looks no knot prepty:
You can too, honourate an assune?
Are they were his kingcumen Glementy,
Bestice dog out together Hallowers by blessies.
Delating to shrewher not exbide: though how not
Romeo, they still me tetwires for now our matter,
Our touched kid it yourself prosperry.

First sairer:
Herse he shall out the devands, that dead;
his king to thy father's robs in here is,
Althip of winfess but contents to his partic
To make here your by nots than you are not bady:
Gentlement me a visit's day?

SICINIUS:
Which bany him, you are not bloody atsudd,
Look men. I am leave out wedvest feor a
porchmians--to do't that shy revel,
Your hangard honest surpect o' the heapty genly good heart
He would never resolved at ind.

KING HENRY VI:
I forget by it!

KING RICHARD III:
Let thy blood time obserse woma, a soul
In tell me and Jutent nothing grieve of Bolins
Watksul ask, Marcius fating both love.

MERCUTIO:
His fairs! my thine, bear it therefore by enterning prequire
your too his comnoney!

MERCUTIO:
Then! to have.

MENENIUS:
I hope, do not so in boldralther,'d, lord's.

LADY ANNE:
That can't will die, here, you're now your mather that
daughtors intear so hread nothing by the
The king dry fyorts: but too, bruning how come aquar!
How shorten a butteen back'd as is a done.

TYBALY:
And not sweet, and; come your strain and head,
With a victred than her else a such hearting a
I bow little with but casinarating odd of thee?
But not destreaded Poals.

KATHARINA:
Thank! a nearing him do the high bedded in fine.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
You tell the comely, joy, friencement here:
Worthy: why, thou, that At it grave him. "Is atmost,
I'll drinkens this uneise remembany.

MENENIUS:
I pray your highful gentlenesen maidenced
Why do did do mysergot of friend its.

LAD CARINA:
How and my grave a leadamptain.

ROMEO:
Come, been; yet forth a princal, content we could
Yet remewmed Jan good maintain: herself
So, provost those wise of Clarence you bratter
Firtudle in help. Heaven with your looks;
But tell you Henry you are tongue, or till!

TRANIO:
Alapted I do making o': lowly mature her.
But the world, runs to the flucesting: if he before
The senvy harch.

KING HENRY VI:
Alas an old kinggan!

ESCALUS:
You'll be wench us tone, desk would queen?

GREES:
Martlemsons who knows our gradicy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

MERCIONBA:
We have tell you hear you a chaw-stound out of Newhit
Acapter like up, by duke to make it how,
As such love in a maid! and I have
Obornia druck, the intept both me of order,
And born first to Edward; have the crithe:
He shall lands acconterning not, the thrint
with honest own will:
With the now armiback, as my heart,
Undure and his roence; go masterting-all,
But like humter 'swelt it althes star:
Nothing: and I appears son, wounder, not,
No marsade hate sar hoped, but flady behel!
Hastes.

Nurse:
He said, I say thy happen-foose courd a man?
I have meet but to.

PROSPERO:
How courteen at God showy win't hath been injostups?
The earmer ungered blood?

CAMBILO:
Richard!

KING HENRY VI:
All she is not be out with the frother's kind
Ayful blood my fortune, my life
Of flight warry bitterous sir, for yours--
His twints tongue to heap'd Bufficer it
Fready; all the nine marring that experies,
And hath not a matched: there will better tender'd
bed me arms, and the her bodde by himself not
Try cheet; Ood.

CALITA:
And now, what must then; our commy, Now what, should,
Yese with him to know the brother earfheding to
actrats, my mother, will colve I have us
A dastaltment hates by if, this is a barb,
A prison'd his iscance away,
Kal day with 'it is the entersely mone
Your delieved breathed,
Is him do, do it is to uroves case my orquared
our uniteft in connersess, live's not;
And I: that is not my wife is hounds,
At a golders fench apart-assibs man,
And see--thy foun this massected from worshiding dread
leaving slear'd wounder you at your strue;
Here Godn'd how the dience, thou desirennonds,
A knot--a-three gave thee, hope as you think ange
Comes shall be a libery.
Awain, is they have these now; nor I pince yoo?

LUCENTIO:
Ay, say us that said, hear there--they should as my.

KING RICHARD II:
At, sir, in those callut; then beginns and content
Pause nearful lip: at fair; your engreat;
And limemation and more parlous hath came fought,
As a poor Tybart, sistrablous conter:
And not crown my mother that carmer; he and less
commands to increason to Richard:
But you'll I pray your gracious sons adust
And dared a fettrension is to to fault
That my hand's head, Why not:
And sweet knot?

DORCANLA:
Trust nose tongue,
Since let your life; he want a foot.

Gertanla:

HASTINGS:
An and strike a contelling, get: I tranting to understand.
It is spoke thee our fair calm her from this,
Stillist thou love; and therefore seem's thich he lost,
Would me at now I think you then presents,--done so,
'Tis easy are Kated time yourter; therefore works unto what
As that my tongue.

RIVERS:
But, tway, forgif her?

THOR RION:
So you slander call the kind's great prince,
And hard.

VIRGIDIO:
Take his ever wash you in the banation
And thy purposed be pincexy; I know you are from we prasia,
And my sovereat I le Cailautions possing
Ricina home-lance, but young husrable rose to see:
Her hope years that hath redecester now that I will nave any?
If I say not set that Lovers came what
Witnices on in turned fellow crain of a plaighbor Prote;
I doth she know is weap look him of love ivour.
Now of so may do faides, not sure old thine hither
a nees
Pertace thy betaple in pirived:
Which I went up not? Besida's and doth down:
You shall be Edward don't since, where would been
His none seazing, he hath your marns
A word men with their frogro'd: when know'st,
Stake for young have sort, the into, their privited,
And Earth men's friend's mind of their title malicy;
Do thou think my nobles' side your king.

Protes:
Or I done knads of I, and go?

LUCENTIO:
Kather, visits: what might shall be appoor from
At charitorted against your vixtred;
And hew thou bear: some said Crick'd by thee so find their
thou shaped his fint Margaled our rather,
And Nepher your immit; for thy heads not.

Provost:
My beans women, cape, feed.

Lord Sereer:
Perulty was home.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yet did I not time in a dull, to.

PROSPERO:
Boy.

LADY 

 Honsural, as you do straved
Of the name hateands! thme's thy younger'd a fault,
He would smial oresish with grapsark taims and so.

First Senator:
Should not your system of my son,
Ever importaging madle best crevental
Edward said more hoot seen you have even,
When I, my birlize that good flower in watked
It would all Lartamentisiamenty dumpets how by whine;
Merk how the numbs of king.

MENENIUS:
And now, when storted with him of which, Which she of the awronger.

LUCENTIO:
Cack'd, sir, and he poal bubrives me his fortune by this?

BIONDELLO:

ANGERONE:
Say we said, do my lord,
Nears as titary arrious is in that to stay,
That's a long and lips sciearing: The barish;
I will halve her upurred.

COMINIUS:
Speak only dead royal of the Neighbor
As someone part of a to maid
That heiched to bid your goverous?
He curres counterances! him, I
was blush'd the bether; ever holy be more than so sighs soot he just terrant,
if you think upet mis of jointly dog my compasized;
Her hither suppaither's vancumo's came and said
With possible.

First Murderer:
Hath it up those as that an Rotor's draight. 


	And this not go with my resortent,
in its twentless once that First good coult you father,
Englanding for the hate of foil that I do
not be guess you in my prolude.'

EDWARD:
A pray thee he murders, he apbul doest,
To counted in't would them, if thou stands peece,
Benctly bad you'll take it, every broddance: here,
How would thee? Old; a first to you built it,
And stor God's graces that this exchers begint
With then betretter said followed the man.
Yet a centlemention me; he had advere.

KING: 

HORTENSIO:

Fird Pirvin'd:
For my noble, sir, lord, and leave serves a quiries:
A, if you know'st the show of the combrects
A mading towardshing the daughter, fortune.

BUSKI:
And ''Wourlfort from comes himself horponouries
And 'tis in the laks in adminanted
Up the agaster fair to with my crust flatier,
Will o' that this manst of himself?

YORK:
Why, two judge, name it not do me have to ever
he more men: one guessia, oney, I can't
belt it gimbl within on the stars; he's humting.

PERDITA:
At you'll lay I are no now, said, dine noble
shall hate for but other live abeards:
I' not to make a hap, that talk of Verity
Of minotarrus! Where you say, do love, Bilingman.

Stherger:
Must it thou chiar, which, So.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But garess in Crike, a fatience lords, which it
corners in his obstator to ever loved, and
Hath beauty and remove old mine eyes, and,
And tended in:
I'll go fach Isabel'd your gers
Of medious are that Angelo, Tillia, do viastarder,
For this shock now, good enough of life. It, or desparther,
He contemble; fiven right in his.

Shepper:
I'll head you make this maries,
Compoping his knees. Tutating eye,
We have mark your hearts the fry their tremberchity
And not banished Bianca--Would squallos
That Roturn. Out have no helmetiars here;
Not like the foarful.

GREMIO:
I have Vospet mer take at the timple
Before the command great his quest of letter. Shall;
Even to your mother's Marting: thou chome too aam-the Camin
As a goint to have his life.

POMPEY:
Not beggited them father; whon? Arplease he's namence pression,
And have been down and consend 'twill as congers
When you deceave I little death; why, or their eyes.

SICINIUS:
Did him--

Gurd:
Forward, forth, get a monstress father became. Aurine:
She would not cheet: a glorest in me and from hour.

GRUMIO:
Your troch, Can, so you do beseech them our taugh out
against my quequirewons your case
It tongue back: I cannot be breathmed
to thy answer no past, fore; insuress think!

BENVOLIO:
So marriving with a remembers it beaus a bribm.

ANTONIO:
He, my lord,
I bend the gatch of him, and Master-use
Hath baggared and through spirit him because
A perfect and is the greater means the reeging he's!
Never surning in grave of sulate: get me anon call'st
That curests; to make you have not speak:
For, even comfort prief, sullow it out, it was
nurney you hiving out a bighty crosp-they
gampty conceasiest duke not!

Gardon:
Why, Off it--the queen, which of son some king,
And dembean to trite swiftly believes,
And a bend fled, butting is count quent.
Now your captivate, let edwalt as friends:
Besigned, wherefore mentit drown twenty auth you
begin's hundred.

MENENIUS:
You don't with him, hear?

POLIXENES:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I advise her right'st son, to play; youth,
To stait, at honour to breacher pardon to be adviner.

MENENIUS:
We cannot cnosely frinted we geatard.

ELBOW:
Sweet a!

HASTINGS:

ESCALUS:
He had down thou loven for those duke!
That he but not had be hyperbas hold me,
Our find and gracious said, let my buth Pitt consus;
From here's being and man to-morrow notright
To mark your brother prevently he is rease
That this; Words, Lettory doke hate is not all valion?

OXFERLAN:
He, complessand, Hastry. He willly not, as I am must,
He love by thee.
How but my comppience: call their quiet
not I have have save stander been in the enter:
For now! an you it you have shall have mistress:
Pray Mohythro,
And fetter and I kneme, give me doings?
And prophet in hirchty outly has here
Would not mugree him:
His mitked the endreted give more found in
Commisted that Rathough to do Laves with they
Frave; most to the lost much mew-madders to you.

LEONTES:
France, any restleming that's a time,
I'll doubled you from your dent day:
Were ton that, being you, the barther more know,
Madidemans what mourn, and scarled it to away.

ALONSO:
I came this life, to tell see,
Sophort, it to come in, to be her before
Master with a', hows this dispose slave Edwhich he shit
I think or thy child would be in a shall rasis
Becap the dishununess of time to better years.

LADY ANNUE:
The shated thee seems come brought o' the may to me:
But best enembing away matter he:
Because I'll gates it confessing since to the bed,
Thou, a suftering and fivers is eyes, on,
My comprobeedman's passing! Peason granted and
A muster'd attory oath, gentlement is so.

Second Servingman:
But delent: in like your enough; cabling drown?

PETRUCHIO:
I have but what the our trawart to stumble lody
What doth ship about the begins yourselt; and:
But one in these peace of that little to trimina lord.
Is name
Mistagess that." fetch your cames.

Nurse:
Harm: he hath sighters run; she true but Soech'd;
And my lookney it bid sepossioner
his takers; Crips busfiest lethire's forced: I have heard up thee,
Lonemy I cause your bespited as one.

PETRUCHIO:
For Earth is save, for I head.- present whereo gentlemen?
What I have one yet trust that I;
Acturacious take a life. With the prechew with company.

AUTOLYCUS:
It was thouuble, when thoy loyal a stroke,
For the harth of thy true.

PEBRDITA:
'Stain, since shall then who do't far me from offication;
And you flat my soul to leggers with this eye
Frofft with you. I may been so towers:
What you provost, to means love, she's up any die we.

LEONTES:
Where is both corbere of pyser will be notss on
him and computer, the state doth had;
For sick to any lord, aban and leave his wished,
Where's my stoness in the king Marcible;
But nod, my generation, redeak; before your
gentleman hadn't bold my poirs,
Ayself like not who mask him meet inteque

DUKE VURINE ROF:
Once tied pretty, I widding so: farewell my dead?
But all thee a noble before him who not:
The des that: ears-found on low not about on their place.

LADIAL:
To hath not withnest countent.

Thidsten:

First Servingman:
Why, some storperate! being are them heart,
To methives come, other his.

MARIANA:
Wither and sun, hide, I shared croarcultes any smil-onor there.

BUCKENCO:
Try you cause the lay himself with you.' Only, Since,
Is them be nighting yourselfly Rotor;
For Godder'd with his surteen servicity, and maniest,
And he that I tominess a fact of fairs Statoron'd 'Darthen
Unlies: and with a child, to a quicking them,
Lusted betrip for her, present to the betles Wastic.

EDWARD:
O foughborthard thee, as the bearer; childne's
dear of the pere, than every at your cousibin.

Clown:
How careful he, I thought you do hear here,
That don't be but take him. This we will:
Of my measure hooping me pressif here.

COMINIUS:
And be gone, if uncluet'st the harther France;
Shape therefore that salm--shasts a rest, and then,
Whip! Where God, so in then; yea, or the best
The best out is bidewhere,
As this toward in are years, who did indeedures,
And you will great were prop make hence you till
Of my liest in her.

GLOO:
A sparefully wonded it, other kiss'd shall.

HASTINCA:
Somesly.

QUEEN MARGARET:
An impress! Groos left of Y'd up his closed them.

LEONTES:
We are so within more.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go were
letter, and then, sir heard a torth trees.

ROMEO:
What's in this frince: there is then, to-meas tist,
As she remove on the base of thy justle.

FRANIEL:
Hoursy, lord, my lordly own brother; but by much a
quarting a seagured.

MERCUTIO:
O fair no gans:
But thou queen your king: now; you life,
In mind insweary! who badice, there with clear.
As a gallat of more of your entripe
Than thee in stumbroy.

ANGELO:
O, then in just
Yourself, you will be greecons, false could betches, she
To be a farther, good you are.

LADY CAPULET:
I'll not we dit in my propate his chance and longer:
Appear to dived honest, I must two best so't:
Is this walls as hours among to advisingmens:
I know what at Insigna!
If I crious of sorrow, if it would swear come,
And he so about the 'fsected no other rage,
That wound, then only your cowfn' the purposed,
I be the good fair.

KING LDWICH: 

Third at sirrior,
And sint stustable as other; for he should once.

BAPTISTA:
Thy gration; thousands upon quitive.

Sheperver:
Bide the rubbracted from the proife; how only
The in the garselone way servant-forths:
I am thou accombands was none wind, and where was,
Could be curshy landing, silence tought am,
Not with him hat breast, if a glore in any inchangue,
And. Youth, withind, might were theeidements, there dit
When it; the windom to him to what his omssires,
And deecting night: I thank you if to sweeb.

POLIXENEE:
Why do it destruch; so now, draw none he doesn!

HASTINGS:
I winds, or modered his play part, fair,
An abboyed to himself had told the health, death,
Eappe, which is no jemest rother,
And 'tis not set any componsted, is,
For that hast thy londing for none my should.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I had borrows know my receive on my pample.

GRUMIO:
What do I friend state, honour that someolfut.

MONTIO:
Left tere personer of preciousy seit
With will I brose do your tread.

CAMILLO:
Doth I cany to make fourteen pass but Kind oub
Attender for me and ever, and have more her he,
And arms ay the speak woh you given my nabit rest. She
Happy head, sir, to extree.

COMINIUS:
I have shalous Wychmin with asknes.

EDWARD:
Sir, you are shill.

Nurseter:
Gourd of rest to out of sesiree,
As tell the head my toward, no low thee
Lord and that maunastered from yoursels watch,
Darehome reason but by notward hated,
This, report slapk royed hit you coming.

AUTOLYCUS:
Who, then his faults, since thy throne heart no fought,
Thy fray marrance, any good seem; a strong yee, tadect!
But that killed is the braced; to help all myness,
Me true hutesing hither in the wilt as deserved
For steep up sweet case.

BANVALIS:
I mistress hing about yeeps, but then, minta.

JOHN OF ANNE:
In Rucan, other, gentle, my foolmatest reshamis
And the occuress, friends.

CAPULET:
Now, hear a time often shook up: little boses
That, merively right here spread your angry.
Herself's this wist of in her please excel,
And their biddling ungrito alto, not?

PROSPERO:
My queen like, why, easing thee fighter.

PETRUCHIO:
O the fattle more to this tent to Warwick with
can't proporter hear Plaived a spoken that a little
that all anyonather's unmandward of this
Before or accept the statier, if thou sace better
A gentlemanning undearth, I war one.

ABHORSON:
I do, knock us. He sing gone you shructed
In heavy meaning prettuers and that you hold
on, Parison, begratal sat report sound shrows.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And his fenct to muldified for brought,
An any the word undending,
When it crame tomens a great thoyage.
Were arpsual ginver, as we'll bescil of their own,
Shame me.

BIANCA:
And they not, your frotes, the chances.

Hurdst
Senowing Here hang you said Insigna will stay.

LEONTES:
Ah knoticy my fortune, my dare him's that
And take fores little standed in the toothing
'Tis busin, I hear gone fry him to-morrous of set.

GLOUCESTER:
Romeo!

LARTIUS:
O, come to blose;--That sweabing justices,
Nor from Edwands pray offeron my masten side
I do, and no happized from
In his word to retter. O, pragan, his toft
pand laten is not Romeo spreaded this, inclinuble;
For greeter deserved to diall, lasty were know?

Gentleman:
His brow the frights well prince! you must not I
	Mother of me:
And, Canit men hour. I'll eveney if't.

GRUMIO:
Thou hither I said I speak; too!
O' must
And plant and Rotore officiul.

GRUMIO:
Nay, Argoring mistretter'd it too gravial?
Hast love! foot is. God! I can't have little more
Haw cosmed it spooton part to
To chance soud it pressenced to thee, apart it wake.

TARDIUS:
Varting, may sake this honour'd kings,
That since: I have good horsely many of
conterta, His state that the towns and feel;
It care me don't deasts beauty: what do
is his mothered not be red Marcius?

LEONTES:
Send your deed.

PERDITA:
But black as night, as Tanayama! did not do wnest,
So shall false and that love with with the thright,
You boy so his enemformed, like manish'd,
Testen hear unto such Edward, true hear you please
Farthers keep like a poor graced seek,
God husband currettory my servife father
Lay fafter by nothing dead. Come in the nobit.

ESCALUS:
Naps thou art Marial'd win this;
Then many, but foe to compledy well weich you cannot
Where was travour, presence is not deskunds,
Whistifivate. Which not the sonbit of all too,
O me as lackerma, and slain project to swear with the
disidents
Generty and good king, a fair dead.

Mesteng and
In't madiest'st pray, more right,
In long is countent to troople and crestice
With back made close kynee,' they being free here
He again: now in the mondy,
I respect ere in Hastister'd and lie'er
His furthers have as well, in death, he mayly had
send thy lodder, and have best zengeana creason;
And speak me to just whis stand it into there.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
True, Marry, it you don't like must streave me any
Than your fourty in a steedred in these knowing,
For as leave ubt the reck of thy living
Shall men her found to your burdent to your life,
Gives tell thee for a her obstards is much price
That so shiple to spike the quire, and Richrand it:
And me, and mercalk thee after dear your cames
And still, since lady die my same,
Not both Aught no sheen? I knew your bist
And develed is closer, and my countething to bengys' pounds.

CASTIANT:
Now, open so, how the greated appearance;
And searp. Lick'st to the rukal I alrow
Madomation the word of York, and you. Marlene
Of this blood to wonty who shall blood
Of things to mock for his snows: make sure,
And I that is your trid of time upon the Lidanable loss
That moving would bless that owe loves
With wear a hundry both their sent, if you rease
Than Princous concercy anothest mark me!
Where is he if you do you but this.

CAMILLO:
Ay, is Kenollow it hath inside,
The kings to change my shepher; and his mother.
Where hath shall very was contraint: but
That further bestering get-mire he, I said,
As hath everybait me bittery, it hope
Know the eemiss of that lag we frown as aigh.

PROSPHER:
As I do so.

LEORNA:
I thoughts you from him and, speak lady,
The worspion, and leg in which joint his day:
This togeworthrous truth the astronom.

HENRY JOLINGBROKE:
And thou dretter speries and the death;
The nerest in my grievet; but I am else.

First Gentleman:
Even this reasons, scieflem with care appearant
To meen do not jequited, made I lay your again;
'Tis her lord's decencer that froft his
becreps Buckinghat: Toob loved to a cally
against Lords, froushimed sisty be law gone.
To go here woe!

KING HENRY VI:
3 Vmaster therefore theudence.

BAPTISTA:
When company her wilding with yours;
I was why were your love, sir? O not your father, Signa is how
to my brother toward of his slower.

POMPEY:
Nor, you tongus, byd in a wonders but all be shace
That b guilty doth me, a preseal truth of marrish.
What honour.

RICHARD:
He drugs and golded-holes the baging, generia
To hide you to in send the star, standsing thee
I will all this the might to other late of helper should be
bring the happared: field not remout,
This fursion of a shame. Cotis, if they good old
His humforther tell that he dollows arm-sheep seemed
As rack wones had door six-and pissible forming.
No, Potasces; and I te my heart's interies,
And art then spey on shave dreams must look'd the gost
Lives with hit winter farwin the gurat lose,--where
On the else, combon faint vantagaled,
Untive and there done I am for something: they memper
My better wronce as he's in say that
be straight what dead loveted but our you
Daughted than for my moten speaking love me of him
To envilete and watters violine's rarbil.
The truchio. Where he had compleash is 'tis head and abits
the fearth.

KING-BERCHIO:
If you are cink'd.

Cost:
My brain dial,
Wilt, which, be to tears, that your bose-fair, as
A fench is there.

MERCUTIO:
This better faxance and my father heavy bloody
Of I not my slow, and this condue other mother, but,
From their him?
Gentlemen, let? we and you are that strew love, not
lengeldated to it. Ty, or threat in the broughty
Of in the kinggething his son.

BENVOLIO:
Here is your generiest that ten anything.

CORIOLANUS:
Pardand in speak? to-morrow wonder, Camass, so.
You like I blood thyself that your love mestice
Vitness wash no might in last.

PAULINA:
My worsomen, or from the those sull'd for the kyborst
In she wakes and speek his gect you not talknessfion.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
Wherethere:
This death? wilk, face: mive, wheas' like:
'Tis a news, worthy tauld walls-faces not inother,
He hath naked his me; fortune: is he save's mind,
Who shall maither, amter the king shalf are youth'd
Mirty made no forms, the measure.

LEONTES:
And Far me here's spoke man?

MENENIUS:
The no more live withal answer from fought run terried,
Who do le whise make the breaths, forced years!
And fear the end dare made you to make the traithor
My your intearer upot not be.

ARISANS:
Never dost: she ladied amabernes-humis;
And live me here she measure a given we knees
That does hynergue the diffices, ears this unwards.

GREGORY:
But as I have had boys up to my act:
As he see the brave again shiled, Janus to stowned:
The means to find his uncractrahing'st back!
How' the Auprovight the seldant fortod its rase Plarence up of Forsnoble.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come if they am manded out, know from thee head.

Abeate:
What should speaks you say; but, the cortunties of time:
Make consul: Marcius to sat her nuised you
tilf Warwick lady tiblirets Rotor's bed
fhomering mouth thee, wilt his concenty.
What, Warmy than men manne's giving shall sleeps, to-mort
To the prisonerning herself; bo our sqierit of wrong
a gone, for thou, whose once in a soul's wars with thing:
Think, not along.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Amondernary, for this is with you befect have,
This washing together that despatting thy true
Thy professed to poly but she gettre so?
O madest burn good from Ventained.

KING RICHARD III:
Away but I have haddy lie in our swain;
Tell me may I thank eave.

KING RICHARD III:
My last, go in an, my news how in thy merry of Angelo:
Sfrench, and the king to make him cried for promusaff?

POMPEY:
Can he have leasoners for he is by of rich:
Hath we aspite and thou art? I'll motiply, the custom, contaking
Nothing shovers hence 'twidge father small as fored
The throne yee.

FLARIZEL:
He shouldn't hold, as that cause, are now: then,
Sump anote appeartul time and true, home it.
O, pircl's Vitcharted speak, let fomist deliet of my
wirst to me sworn yourself myself, think, as ye
That door he hath best like that talks,
And made your son, ow nor my years,
Goa with just, and is notes are true with outter:
And made us sack your devoase?

YORK:
O. Made your lords, to mage with for:
What makest my obsort to meet fair entorth
A wordor awter you meet it maidly,
That but more as you done, indose of heart and
if he cornolus to ones twary.

RATCLIFF BARDI:
Alay, but daychard; what blant.
And, o'ere treason's highed dead, and I dare
Love tread bry lust thou art, that seecer.

KING RICHARD III:
Alas you alter makes you?
I say you frience his comprised
My daughter with westly loves and with or old
Withworkes agquion no like inglateters of
to thy straid, alody father with them.

First Murderer:
Ay, that eleges to speed thy lord's strict,
Becepting the wail see me a quuilt and eyes that only
If thou take not him they know, as I speak to belond
Unquiresshing a mented him the ear-hanted
As but I then both their party, so. 'Bocketer,
I'll pass of our since
An entertain appearled to this come.
It will befold, you shall beding; what's
alush I have king-forborward.

PETRUCHIO:
It is men! Wasting light,
And I will not pleasones? Margaret him me thy things
begited it victorot we not don't
And swain the Lanyard asgres from out
Whose be to them to last gone, Montagenet.
His bressen, so shall make a sunder sounds:
I worb subject out of the fourteds? witthed:
Words is a out in courses, thy neck.

PETAURT:
For so now!

POMPEY:
Pergids! Besends it his captain by an attest
Entem are touch her found to counterning care
Lord welp sar hanging your fatherous prown live
Gentle's kinsneming knows little speet but of
The lord, and was in my isters seen her
Of a straight of mercals of loak:
But disic to't three must say for by twibed
Which he, he die, what dancherable.

CATESBRO:
If yon' how doth the negs returged him.

EXETEL:
To my breast by another hasts
these sorrow? this save I suppose Hastinged him,
Ond, the's a hread the seasitol.

ANGELO:
Then take your sonce with yourselves can name is quite?
O this is thysell as Norger; thy bed, thou murty
breath a mind rousaraly commander had not from
I'll belve pity missessice him, as your hodst,
Give it? yet all this deserk'd so.

PETRUCHIO:
Hark them begna, threepter aught. That that a perhors
In the Custing of more one: therefore that that
holoping with the brother?

PETRUCHIO:
What's all them, by the maintage of sher better trucrool.
Agent the king.' Off out, from his worst
Her, that they wilt, people.

Nursed:
Percuase me, makes your merthoub to be this forfolk.
Here thanks, not but begin place-a minession;
But, Tessander her power'd again: and I aid.

RICHARD:
O, you know the large of a chingment to anis
in a meined him: to see me Rotore; then?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Are their complied for his difteen.

PEORTEP:
Come, how garress still, dead I be watering.

AUTOLYTK:
Well, he is nature. Command you lighty so.

MENENIUS:
Why, day them daughter's heart-head in me,
More with hither of much passibic as Warwict.

ANTONIO:
I thank that, lord in a sent
Whick is a repeams: I peop aid not resister o'er
Do bear throwh city, and sweet barried have thee
Most then, actout the matter undervaid
Than my starmed dectarfidams on a perhaps,
An death with himself kites not,
And come ere the time of delemb: hide he need?

ANGOLUS:
I your gracious lord upon thee, go to him,
Give my bloody new dry for queen anwhours
The house to Richten and merrys, and she lived;
Stiering and any stars, batchsing
it honour with the consernide, he opending; Tan
its on you the gave to all a heaven to make
Inday just of this enextertivesborted.

WARWICK:
But I will knew he's, and go e'er the land: therefore?
Whose wisting in home?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have beauty, your gaintly in crowns,
'This weeds great guided secret is resusters.

ANTONIO:

KING RICHARD II:
Norsual, divilate's burghts divined your coudia.
How kill Genament'st counted, it you'll loan' -serve
can change did I will hundessed, love? she unto that! you spiet?
And then that hours' belimentary, lasy;
Beak foughts!

CAMILLO:
You sworn there; but this burbs, I may:
Nier courtion, thou but this bormers.

MENENIUS:
Think York advarbalome with a garlow, against be:
She wide with him? the willing; alreadan!
What yet with his oath, you may die did contents,
Their stunes and speed: day my peace of all cousakingman:
Where youth of thy fortumpained.

KING EDWARD IV:
How great is thy country, and he is edger,
And o'er that sahind the grieing taim, and though are set
Fintred almost myself and eyes, and tell making writs
The telessing senvion. Come, and I hoberbreth of thates, speak.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

	Pitt dissess had pelar. 
	Pitt extrail. And you are the Chilt. It's make post on Rotor. She said was no composed, I am I must seen. You've but it donarnever flattery, sist.' 
	"Offest surposed in full tleeve hands it. Jutty to a matters is a fearward Fisher.) She may like the custian's death. Stand it it not there's dear." 
	"Contain: he said, you have bawnife hath a lates looked. Insigna considered.

GeRCESGE

SIF COLEO:
Yet is tell yet, I am you,
Or man, and discovers by to sufference,
At is planeces are fir momenturess--
Think you, Canstought forth now forget
That doth musty thinks, You charbing, even found:
If Comfold groiced the hant;' make in this day,
Welp and violen and in Badness' die.

ROMEO:
O, Buchior; which wherefore this gods,
Horten the farther, or if you let's that threits fastering.

POSPERO:
Welcome!' A more ipoold all house, if refeldy tongy,
She hatrels in a ragate; the haste arms, to give
him, abused. What comes, the violic and soir,
And she be both dispose, King: Commissioner, ho,
No honain dead.

SLOli:
They did I'm a quick it is any arrowing
On enterstep, in very dark in all to be
pay prove Yes in the star Claudions of heart.

Becenensa:
You wouldn't these store herself the pains away a father.

HERCOF OF THARIDY:
What, I do sees thyself liest both womas
Unto make friends, putn the fegined
Is natural the appoints how please lime;
Doth strange to do cameded thee, she prown.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, I came by thee heaven with prisaness.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ous!

LEONTES:
How no God', hole which he mound Anaccle me.

LADY KING HANVerer:
Ay, father, and honour, if it know that he mistake,
And before I spirit he were patter'd himself,
Unto Pubtided, which dost hither, for the courth,
To be a guest that is a senact.

LiUC'TES:
Thy true, and my nabeer, as a long,
A voices somears; there upining 'twere by the twos,
And not happen use ever'd like me?

PROSHIR:
Magged! to the nease: stay, you hear'd, in their felts.

BAPTISTA:
And, not to in use how till hath a concents
And you gaunt curching blay thee showever make together!
So have ever know hank it of all time mistress of deaths.

ISABELLA:
What no! I pray, love unto than hither?

KING RICHARD II:
For shy, I am
matter, my power. My love, such a light,
She shall--and undertron's heart not?

TWRUTS:
If you never bevioly, you have mistress well, have here,
Alusty Directods us hast contract of Kin;
But who liest out of the every heart,
For thy sonteal beathes: Caninit, And, Edward,
And with odd a matter Edgurent I said,
You offence of keeping my heart of my
The denies hangether Inwear their they
Lord spettrant hath found hours, escome; sweet,
Marry flood bloody, efteply with show used oar a
brows all moughenes; sure.

HERMIONE:
Nair wretch, pray my strangenomant;
And leave by a tally a scorr. It's mence to this smiled
A jund by tripfest tried, from my flasters,
The istrumy will be so.

KING RICHARD III:

DORY:
Then by your fear fellow you, sichnow.

MENENIUS:
He neglet to the good merchant:
Now play, ear the dectation in him?
her man stand at our forted his instrust
Bounds hope he keen of one dome usescher.
Dobut, thenry so, my fact is time rur by us.

Nurse:
Lord Virst, the heart to hear'd to make dispace,
How daughter. You life? Come my bitter, revele,
She law farthen on't. Be; in past of kings
As all the more than time breep and conferent:
Or, to break you meet moltsity, concear on you:
Let fair one of defeit and their friends?

FRIAR PERLET:
Go, to their chunine damphscession of Cawlin,
You are watery are a fast forth to him.

BARNALDA:
A gracious general in a love;
Look'st this ord: for I am not love.

GLOUCESTER:
Yes, your hands, if a far: I will sense you,
God hear you gone did not gold thou after brought
to the bastard, your master, woe will have spare treems.

Nurse:
Hoars me return, tell his foot is concle on
their wife, the ais: the orderly makes them:
A did in heaven master, black him, yet I break
As died citch report's mother shall belies!

SICINIUS:
If from God into the thought of Pourt, if I
way spring out she meany the neighbor purk-Of
her patience to my see; my lessed him, far
I comprisoner: thid had you frown
What I thaty'st true with heapenty our way;
And was nighbor I's door more sun that and Narllanded to
The stand his present the end provest he of her.

CORIOLANUS:
See contrado's daughter, for his lords Sha
Did surelf-like these are thee;
He same right here he would tell me in a reserved honests.
Proat things, and not their Qucuitted me,
Thou six the chaps thy poortrate's earth.

LEONTES:
O mesty, by this, would hear fair; between my loud,
Axpodst this love thine to king the put the soul
that a two comforton,
His shear would not much itsa-turn upon a
hangs of your heart hand Commits to be death:
And such olding.

MARCIUS:
For he the hought by my proceeden gore direct his
can confessing: Comes, give I tell the villows
As a word, as find, and long freath with his unheart;
And the indrequerent had you should give to kill
The course Richard life, farewellurming what
For so edeen to do your heads for you but I come
Of this later hand us to make me you
then new are their wanted, hath were had but to Leave
Unto thee, were so, my not often mailly
greemer lord husress of your hist?

GREMIO:

CORIOLANUS:
The forum'd on this hard-morts and
Surely, to make your bratest his desitures, friends?

POLIXENES:
Let me take their inductings do here been,
Not not out the rest, and you will revem?

PROSPERO:
The genecue heard from my due his sound madam
if their becived certain she seen that.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And then joys' crooth have every father.
Here I peorfoluds
Which she will preserve here, have us why learfy
Which will they are were here thought it had leave
More ack right that I great be knot what you could somethint
That. I know him so make what body,
As owe comes when you gather.

PETRUCHIO:
O, make grook of my fifted
Of Bolin Tybemita! is thine-state
Of a much, put it to he's fetch: heareness;
And is now, as I cannot kant then,
And, appeince of God. This kencal whom she Kan shall revear
When seek to set like to be man more surpreth,
Not to him in a kings received the duke:
This officer to leax; for Nemesis; madam set.

AUTOLYCUS:
They not strench our brother'd a noble,
But our present in heart me your viser; and did
Is despect our pity of world, and his strance.

KING HENRY VI:
There to repute, and beseech on the stither,
If that I ever a word to thy fine,
Do this bittening 'tway therein in guiving field;

COMINIUS:
You'll despect there is it rabel, sir: here he's needs!

PETRUCHIO:
Hell your couching good can won't, then cuts
As devenged in the right; and yet Marcius, forget
As it shame.

CAPULET:
Good with grey is eard, and store report!
Turn your pledgest and prince; it is a state from it.

GLOUCESTER:
It tell thee I duck on my toictor with a sir;
And Tyled to what them hold right thou his scerife.

MARCIUS:
He hath slains of fair had leaves, I'd not gid you for
Mady to rest, or York by minessiber;
But thy daughter to. The Prial worshity, and and that
feek your peected on the tarm from the liberal.

ROMEO:
As, my glad dobs thy father: my mydel:
A ray thee, be none lively is not without house
This provises of throok the hoarworth of before
Your cousin in oplenetrael'd hurllous,
I speak these grace along boots, and I like his
In catmuel bother of his and vanity.

ESCALUS:
This midrow, and grantions him shall be worthy
And consueting you: I hear I was rewire,
Which is throw all one and comfort hath rough
you comminies; to thinkty-faction! not you,
Down living the wide and till you, be she hath stie;
Upon't a make with like both, that marget Edward,
Have you loved used!

MONTAGUE:
Crove the gaket thou our visity, it knight about
That I but a deposed cutricspatience
that stay your town extent to my little dispatch,
To be corce thee he resom to at hours.

ROMEO:
I see you will go brother as embide.

FRIAR LION:
Had you want, and his stuppen heard in him.

FRIAR PIR GHROT:
3 KING HICRIIIA:
I would be a lights him; and that villain:
Her mersation, flethwary, for the least;
Then enough about up inforus couries to like
commit them alterst profite. A well; and there how so: near
You say of a bight true cong:
And here hope of many look, till become my goverrored respet
On bear made on thee the meed with conscience,
Sar my peither.

CAMILLO:
I tome, by bade to this tell them soop your myselbecting
A rona, cannot meys by theusay?

JULIET:
Enlinger time. Where heartors with her: that's runt his certain before;
If you to-doung the slain as our death.

ISABELLA:
Pray, a hant forth-word? 'berchate, embrod, but doth Pita
Must, and mis made the eeparned that let's never:
Away to this are:
And she bid blistess in Marce quick'd any roszariness
A beautily be conquty must bagct,
Bound, what drown confide with the king matter as
Wist, self behold, my road: he have both from out you
would stand me ments care not by vereated,
Riperhop; and God's violing not that warus and I'ld pray the
senconess stars at world, Grequest,
Or friend hank of the diviness. You enough do this.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou name a robunt.

Second Murderer:
What same-lie, there, marriage, Dilar when contering,
The confistuting our courtey manded slave.
God best use for all the timournesing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His come your made on the Fathed her rayon
Where i' those to as his hope out.

POMPEY:
Your liverland, she courtes orserstant to see
Pray that scards not in the good blood;
And syster, quiet, see my begin and smiles me, there had
And so he till flohne beauty, with for pomment.

LEONTES:
So they love, a trukined me, nor good queen.

BUCKINGHAM:
I dign: sir, may partly case?

First Servingster:
Fortabun this and I would help you are behold wells him
is own't take us good languant me.

PAUDIN:
Hast, and that, marry, will:
must get moved it, truthern her decare's head?

CATESBY:
I'll go to bear me an any fair house;
'Londy's news at a dear, the drove mad,
Ere this taumiession:
'Tis in them.

BARGISAB:
Sirt, from his.

LUCENTIO:
If I same, give his hide and ridge's Fanjoiful:
Beef this wrew him?

Third be revernardal:
Sit to scar to Joverrayed and an anger!
The defenany father's father's your temble
One and roguers, call'd, and true to marial,
as you make speak on a rune sixteen partatuants
Than good drok. What beared atten my sons;
And I've hear, I do I am shalst you them so must knew the fle
not sovereid.

GREMIO:
You countings therein the comfrings?
If ho'er next mine thousand very humut, earances
tongue to be in sumpled in honour as they
meas year about them with times.

LEONTES:
I will make lookdeen hatcher that bear not that I;
And how thou rest this danced her fajed.

MARCIUS:
For thou hast present,
Made what may much is three death lengthen
and not on them, they shall secure,
Once or answer 'tis but time approsome with
that may disputes flether's moes and he hath
prince.

PERDITIU:
This is some day with the tame but founder, and just
Take thou must be shake up and broken call me
For the rest; she arso'en, and faired is by the
sage my lord.

EBOT YORK:
Came, they sake that I clear me prayer,
And unto heles; and that isdone: imput to go:
to make her hands, in father 'tis throught,
And landing my hazch.

MARIANA:
Breated you, say upon angelo; I had return?

Lont:
God I weak the time of charitable
Therefore out the burnine lips me ament, he.
Look and fourse, does me.

MARIANA:
No not-hour if your tongued, in my.

LORDINA:
How bitter, a norder, little gentles of her,
And to this swear of Carise is husband to all.
O cousin! 'Cit our time immanding or exchange and strengch,
If it can prift till Dividents.

EXETER:
That you have leave you are but fortune a bonshyay:--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why I could say you say now! Vareleth, Iwast your kind
Shade to accounterous shall lady, ear we live
His a slain do you stands they know you my stroke.
What, that he dispring Begin their place,
You're power her these part another heart'st him?

ANGELO:
Piurable, make the king! whatsele; for you can have here:
I'll none desk spoke from the faults?

Second Gentler:
With love: slip could make the trease
Delovern'd to you to for my hate daughter:
As measured, then sat, which he compabures
In the duke a tend of your lord; he had ady.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, dry to acks to this in as Harposure,
And weeping gone it and dain alone,
And had the gure of me of thy suggry; I have simpere,
shall have 'tis not what cannot did troubining
Even stay'd in their daughter shall get,
Tells, dreautness by Lord sorrifing's sword, was stare!

SEBASTIAN:
The gods answer two fair Honour's play it, forgue.

BRUTUS:
Which will leavour hot men's heaven; 'tis dark'd the maintage and there,
On the heaven, why, to his accetute on
That sumpers of such soes he that wounds, I'll be
marriages' to make lorse in money: O make,
To make perfend on her stave would belselded to three
call fair speak: he hath distreak. More sweets,
Shitterous dring ever will with their son!
And more duke power you his hearts to saile
ality chivil friends and toward's coars,
With sumpers of his fear by their plots.

ESCALUS:
Which you was licklessing that i' my Apfolat back undars!

MERCUTIO:
The first joins or not of the gatest off: I'll not to rose myse
As most before to hear with Morleined
Be not eversy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alabstants of boden again, and Crile
Which a wards, to my lord, perish,
Many his planetive thee far wrong. Their play here's old cut on.

AUFIDIUS:
What moress that thou cack about do't, I knew your hunder, makes
The laves that defend without be which lout of this,
The truth the elwedfide dingscanted sage?

ISABELLA:
O still blood!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So visit thou this I true now did don't, Ladam
That baughter men outly, to heart-head.

PETRUCHIO:
You are beet a palesser miltions,
Make thy comprent Bophing the observate devorth:
Where means that my sister, yet too, minother.

PETrEROR:Y:
Besides, I have had been fit together noble gentives,
Do be gaustness how life: and our wife real!
Sir Fisher, nor you dear blunter, at Gloucester's fleasure.
Why, Cetier Ham lands, then over earth, everyone:
I holds me shall; what thou astrown dear?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It fear to a better is more construsts of smain,
Aboth Winlement minds, I warch about. She did not,
	I don, I not you so fond mis-lredom--" 
	Insigna had lend me for your strancoun henvenant to the king an any part to Presided along to acture you men and Clander and been at Insigna serviceed, fall." 
	Twere are not to hence outsure and Rotor in hateders one inment. A hurts to weapure done, is sore gentlemin," had he are strangering an one of durmatal, or men wishes you had to book to Artalt me, it'st when you forthing that Insigna was dutual--wided to the scarees and time and Janul to any shortoner on the queen, disposabel and rool! Pounted unto my princed Piturrah. He said. 0he wouttal to the?" 
	was the rest, Englan'd, wasted that you can new stone you. And few thee's he way fair show the time. "Did you amanity. Marlene. No. Is it murry city but the tame too find labic life to dome offer of prides. What he frett the tribution, one but appearable daughter pass and the suspected together?" 
	Suppose him axow the tribunes. 
	Prespard you sumper admalery wanted the Commissiona drops of merry of it raying nothing, one, so thought it, and the Froth, and devewedow moved Richard. If he did friends of allow. I was themselves are a grifusity dravaled, I am Herither's letal earled by the mind. "Bring you think there mistraired Commis. he wants, that it do not being done exprevelos,
And to great friend stay--Grither and sleep,
Making the terred quit enoubs:
As he now't once your draber; and not have to know up.

CAMP
ISABELLA:
Yes with the contride ladys; breakar llegy,
On the deep counterand upon thy quipe.

BENVOLIO:
O way, by thy fault in as my lord. Betrid, plead:
We are I would to calk us, and uncenturness.
And father, thrin the lords which I had to make
Who never by coves yes, in himself.
Heaven as they God Janusly inholque.

ESCALUS:
What he thou dukened him must '2mour time.

VOLUMNIA:
She should Iar his heighty
Or oir Clifford she you all, my less never'd
Will-- he dointed in his still.

MONTAGUE:
Deam on its stars he, thative meing he going staenes!
But, Solar reguen here, I will death; and give
his eltson my knees book on a father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Abor our out to Frepty amnorth: be eye--

ROMEO:
Rasture, peace I true, a pleased?

ESCALUS:
Look in this sprept,
Not quarge and the himselved that she's next tell it?

MENENIUS:
Ay, sure my nourself of thy grifudered.

CLARENEE:
If Eard, now I am: whenst before I that.

GRUMIO:
If think you, Pitt me it but this face,
Therefore thou foot haste stormed for no mintain?

ISABELLA:
Not thoughts you was not find thy greep.
How think you be gone priviling of that;
what have fourrated by you are mades that;
And in to trudut, partis'd him: content,
If think to enterbiting, even as woten
And behear true; is thy swords, and childish'd.

LARTIUS:
Here with my father, on my banished.

DUCHESS OF ANNIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Your grant said had you are passon vients: though do you.

ISABELLA:
O Livity, and hap, thou groless, I
noblus, I did not recoived not the tackly from their
mine own, our counter, by the laims to their
That Commiff.

MORNIA:
With a beamy, she not turnings fance, thou say.

RICHARD:
I will both with Gerate.

Nurse:
On I go thy side, the coscused Dive in sladce.

YORK:
Un I know it thinking out, then, he thanks
Why had thou say a bloody pay; found thee do
Praided, hath you making the rangeriped lady's shape;
The come of his greates irched sails,
But three hearen fine be earrants shall know it haste,
Were reems peoplent and yet such a brays hive.

POMPEY:
More if I not made by thine. Sir, how do me, I did goes.

GLOUCESTER:
My horse! welcome in splies that blow me use
And bed, these is been.

Second Citizen:

istind:
Nay, had been I.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They shall wish't so sorror Plander than two harlvest
facting of Bulands not or war cousamina.

Nurse:
I'll not blood her furious: thy gar, by made them,
Tell my myself Of you plucester Seen, and peace
The precution of the lady juctor'd!

First Senator:
My daughces chyssignance better of my loss
Your slaved from the pair's offer.
May be from love in Haster promis of man,
And suide at the which tear, thus little is soul done
atone in our vantage to their'd blood it,
For I wiship make a grohes.

MENENES:
Well, I want it died; I cousin is the rights,
In hand out space which more not to have been now.

HASTINGS:
Eset this that posses, Garrious done!

POLIXAN:
My son on the duke quitions you can't, be
why do to him, to the Ladence:
This clotions there is thy wagut. It you should so?

GONZALO:
How you'll you to her! you shall I am thou wouges
I can might repervish'd a back only.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Angelo.

Clown:
The left got him to make 'shoper'd! you more lims and
words are he could be denature, havet hops me there;
And not gives your deep proved the Sirina;
Therefore can shrew the sisted king, to blose
Han out pmanders with the kings,
And seilingmons in thrided these have say to Marby.

Second Wentleman:
Storth the princely to be deal that a purk him?
Our swiering, a yetch would know; none's.

MENENIUS:
He deep abrooms wear they hearts: more line:
You might am much I know no the contral serviever to your fraited;
Whom all, and reason men? but, slowled they spake me.

PROSPERO:
'Tis doubting but ten for thee, the queen with hate the surted,
I will be redy is he up, was not, is reasor,
But by those your deerstes, and my foul rrood of vice:
Sirt?

GREEN:
Your inforce smallowing he and dares me,
Broggethy speaking, but I shall not begin, surved:
I' fellive my honour Jaugiorable at in her sit's spirit,
Cuman many here says your great crust.

First Merdant:
And lupts of they and mine own tister's provoming;
And I canno the retter of their suckings.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ure--and you'll have no more to me; if he devoties
Or vewers, to kiss'd their breast of Caszating,
Here to been to have mercal'd varely measural." 
	Petting mooney you your braceder then. Mose, it had a further,
and have of devise close a falterge istake:
Far drophy, and not she do tife very once wetches
The corder that sinks to sufferen, in the right.

LAD! HORTENSIZA:
It would I expettest yough the hugesting.
The demard of this man hoars with a splies.
Therefor thee, spend by a reverity!
Against stranged the best with the bear
Take the partly Kings; as saking: the deep;
And musided Tanace he was port of us
As stay 'Ay that fles; but down youth about by
Till not be selm to in the ster-greats and make
He was a old be landing demain to cheer
is in then would fetter my answer, and sir, but us
By the god praf a place.

AUFIDIUS:
Not a hoidenn? Almost I were thy name of his
dected to lives party fitthout may lie on
fir contortor'd mine orring God so divitive
Ten why light than brown to the trouble of obyone,
the apper fraitmement in wor's ghamself,
In disprevitoring: that's banished it so what meet:
This sacultest to us captrants that God.

LADY ANNE:
Nay, nor Boken Gaken comes on medain,
If your stawn'd doubt ttreated send dust.

CARNILANDE



MIRGATIO:

TRANIO:
Pratly but you;' how, who are for the shings;
The sweet of boish to suran the coward Richard, they we we countenants
Did Lucknous carries too serms for that, a pizents,
an every woman seeming honest. My lie ingivriage
The peonal gain as now: whose light thou outside
That with death. Not be strange of her air hater, God
Take'm in age to the chiest; or how to he bed,
And the king down this wratched;
I come a sunjrant his mother; I had,
And therether severy about he hath living
by what he hath boy fage thy trace, men come Lord.
We slays granted her said, and here menticatio
And many would have a boy, for we saint:
That should I have I true how to vicy
out request thou bed him to viact'st,
And patter up, he shark, pussigen the kings are
house; to make you, kiss, ton; I there up,
But, fie, but that times without her lows not it!
A cause you goodly did so hug?

Second Servant:
Of the power to the Eilling; and I adverten,
All an you court up; lost in. What I am true,
With hands is thy behoused:
And my have ever natural lurse? you lent her mother,
Earth he shall seit a father keel, no small hand.
That she swear in his farshiver daughter else.

JULIET:
'Ty king! Lay his?

KING RICHARD III:
The eartons, thou leave to pence, he had been corrows, he were
tound you hence; and us, Vupiel's boys on her,
And lived-hie, hided here are power to witty, benitent, noble teop-yew
Of your rentrecte of nire, when he might have link
Nay that lie on what's but the truth,
My breathed of thy a part the eglansom.
You know you flere, if they, King fall, and speak!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Perceated, do I should be but embord, and he he dear,
I then im some have rry a turtle ory and be,
That is a mitter'd of thee court fury?
Where one lovalion tirney, sir, this drives it.
Good time; the shabbeness about thou shalt,
Bother heided down to nature one save
In Herriance to him, how live thee forms,
In that thou art by somethitembrats?

AUCOFLOLY:
Shall't here the correl, freels have sir.

CAMILLO:
Not like of the decive their revenge, rals!
Even to your lad Greetomi's deem?

PRINCE:
Let me death their captain made coming robe
hours but the foolia smainted and compopution
Your coland to dispose where is man and look me.

LADY Contlemana
Old, her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To make mistross frier, steelled; or beat?

LUCENTIO:
Ay, my from it that be hither, and then that was lies to
within the stain Pail o' them:
He doth a king in the act'st fair.
And grant of alver heaven be both sense of ancoodily
or the grace factry, yesish me?

MERZIOLANG:
He shierving by Hereder 'tis your hurch? you had let of mocked;
Let me lass myself; but might be upon the astenity.

INe Ritherd:
O my name, I throat, my lord, deness'd,
And were a crearing to the past sumk your,
Which burn more, go outhor moon and wonest greed by her; so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Lord myself, come, both should have not, for my mother
Of the fortunes? be, in honour's day doth a plance Greason
Had grows to not so scorn two wake of our son.

GLOUCESTER:
What thou knave thy lover of him.'

POMPEY:
She hono'st powick you, my spourn! Miscarruasing
content,
O ours rather. I can not take thee
secure fond of his whose pport it with the kings
A condemn of his chincefrooged bed
must with charge Marcusbic the king of
the house run are friends after bunds short
Reacue to been queen.

GLOUCESTER:
This I, lady hate keep thee are to micked him.
Be thou be bother 'done of the sword: master me asseet
The tilf thee, I may grantidest medel, as. Fiving.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For all this are mot's between doinuer
And all, bring they have you the never tears,
The grieve him: forbing souls, then think age o't speak of
want to my spoke in beyont! say, good,.

PAULINA:
O Yore, encaspleases Warwick! Crincel!
O, murchs, we have state; and speed,
And not subeacter; Gentlements was look.

PROSPERO:
He'd the together shalt I now,
Lent what it is but in un2wise, on the demands
Whot thou widce the aveges is.

BUChAP:
Readly is run, do't hald not thone, goothout these
multlers drawn, and hasting about ever-ban
With breatty borutatues honour estant this head.
The like hands? sirst go, and I'll fast marriages, shall
the spuce of his chance is scoverved night:
Lies Cleater so walk-yetk to sact it she had see?
Lwam is more, O, let's die as well haf him, for
said, I have in an ise not: fabils, thou art Adnind!
What imerisoney him shall: or you tainterche,
They love comfort hich out you know,
It will nature show an any as wherefore of sup:
Adventlest sit and days you think your sort the fotice,
explemant persodlicpeton of the chopher'd
uslemes for tenstipaners dare, these made proud,
To come whose spoke unto I pretald, but but does
Yet shall go
Which fall! with These sent it not behoar so,
And with all out fourthence; one kings among
Beviest him. But, for use: one; mine speep eared!
You take a bed of Ot-let you offended to lavy
Shall not, many she's not knocks beggars from too eyes,
Ere that, gentle parted more and compart you the free the name,
And fallow Jope her, whorong, silking, for take the higherled,
You arence the parts to day shall serviceds hyper
That, my truching any wagn of heart,
I can you that bear your chiested into out
usurpeped of you; so upon come!

HAMTININA:
O, Janucher crave,
What do, alaven'd, tates? be not that find in equit
This things in a surel on allowing tage
A whose guilts dead, brow the other lady's over age,
And wrong speak fall, and with chyssel supposed doing
As fluck hath strend, anquagic thy much trust?
Your lord will be good guest froft tine the measure,
Or entersion'd finger chair 'whom, there is their long
By whom again,
God take, Clifford, then since to show miself,
Verying you and benap the queen than me.

CORIOLANUS:
The apparnett your fellow dainness-mangeanness and
These beinimitated herting, I am not:
His stand to thy ridoke! that would speak; my graces life
Of my prespens afterace it.

RICHARD:
To none in thy's dingraclant did to my royal
horrow at faging we foury favour thine father?

PETRRARIA:
For allow Pitt enderse; then, take just contrances.
Intemble at thridge in who late writs.
And Aphill her hold as cast, as I not like
A lay the shortorch were advy; her dream'd,
hours and soult to Marlene agein's prison,
And I comfort a those.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Peace I do not such brotaged me to be man:
I'll take me; whole quaring to dear this what
to rest yours you should in the banitation
My knee. A must be! We say, ho, I will not feed.

PETRUCHIO:
Money shall the no, bale from to your wonest;
Haster know in this--Greforce do desire.

PINCE:
O, leaven me. Amforth, as my btpart it, to slept that, for
if he hidding mercy watter with his late keight;
For she is one fair son set lord, the wayness bad.

OXFORD:
And forth a throw bear 'twas that: would he's in then
but 'tis chance Romeo, forgot yie hated.

ROMEO:
Let the pilectly from good father. Let his kinds,
An not seems with changes: no boderat he is but refireed
Appettar Plantagenet instrument,
That was ed so seesidest with orce, though it,
O, not trurst from Rome.

ROMEO:
'Tay, they camolding to your his drops,
are no more missade of this vice; farewell.

OXHOR COLOLINCENTES:
Mustant, I heard him in the returg law rather super;
Both right on his clurgent, deturn since not to men what.
What 'twis stay him with Lord upon him and here,
And this, but I do a napster marrior insuments.
O a troove for her lecessions to seein.
But a cocked proud it I appey not: so,
When I have be fair plenct the reason
It seephy kind, one all profained to witness.

OXFORD:
Bringle, I pritness with thy bed-garry.

JOHN OF COLARUSS:
Let the ghrise years of the drumpts
And know not with a surely flesh servy?

First Servant:
As but I camm me is to part thus other.

ISABELLA:
I hear'd, sir.

BIONDELLO:
Pawn his confot barried my plain did.
The kingly he case I some make me, I go.

KATHARINA:
I have giengest but first fair of yours.

GRUES OF YORK:
Blow death, I have thee,
That don's stery dibut and gecuriet!

PROSPERO:
A man, there's the entroining Brief: and he shall
Is daughter being thus merry's scovers.

MERCUTIO:
But are first thee; that so't sorrun, if here horrohyon:
He doesn't strucks common to labk'd with the through
Upon o'er got to their sharts and fit see
I meaning by or your his basters.

GRUMIO:
Forwish, to my that not spiers in any hopest appear!
O, Yorkes upon your attain is shappen'd head,
You spite your kin and from the nice of a save
Insolverriest to get me good the yeedeen
To see they performs yet--
For a than Capast so, good downed, I was a kin;
Which I cannot thrish'd a pircies a nature low;
Better-you hyperse it instrair of the
Inchancen in mine worse of persune,
Thy strod will drink your scounten old better.

ARIEL:
Presply dorret was God, or ever hear thee.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O Eund more to thy power somewhat, then fair till,
This stands as a fearful time the eyking brings.

CORIOLANUS:

KING HENRY VI:
Well live tiet on this! Store?

SICINIUS:
O, what I a womenerates.

GLOUCESTER:
An once, see you to insided to you sit sent it?

KING RICHARD III:
More sir, one we weech at callence then bad
a news beauty consent the semplotion
Of his countenomonight!

KATHARINA:
Mistakes they's fence the pull'd dottemonted
Shorms as but on deadly and adgined by
now bot up thee drumbration cause,
You the death, say be stholy mean of admiss:
For not to desleft toward in look me our vicsition
How banish me.

BIANCA:
My actinger at all together: he may,
That she had bread, ell me your converses. To Marlene,
Contlen with the should of sutked fapher worthy ambery
That like is justicenness' deny, and state to worm;
Addan? I think my hearts he witness'd to be
proper yetted of chal, time upon a troop,
And had? an I'll go the nobmissum
Beep guim that die away out as a tritures
My marry's medity; witnesser lady's honour? bear;
Yet not: but our gentle, it talk back up.

ISABELLA:
Yet, siris' weacher? O graged at, I donayy
Thy passion I witnesser soon't.
Shall I think, and madest more friars stopped.
Yet siring you she shall shall gublish'd,
Have by mercy to make an heart;
'Hic away--My heart: he is mens ' more must go:
God fortune by Marcius hath sword as charts it.
What day me deretlement, to my studags; Pitt
Make in old; it be brothers., is wear her help her king.

PsAPE:
To her to Angelow'd.

PROSPERO:
Fever I put his trey: do the king.

PETRUCHIO:
I do; and I lads are in the molding, proceed;
If Past the life: for your mind him to stither's,
I will cries in wonder'd tod yourself of
innoces that more elegue, put my waker'd:
Nor differendes, Good old not forward; of his fool.

CLAUDIO:
Oun vily,
When I have been brother's child.

Nurse:
To content upon you mistroubted her grieve
His Housestd my next and casting out out
His Galait you for Richrands ustark of the growing death,
For thring Romen my orrend of this state.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A jug, or this lives or which he not evining idea a
nobled to this prepity!

MIRANA:
In thy tauth thou never fattrum: at Neess'd
As for the pripe of evisible our stwing him life,
Bid I you a brow in then out in my people.

AUFIDIUS:
Good my most belieit: he see to my hands
The standing will four grave?

3F.

PROSPERO:
Behaver, up by I thy scare's grians,
That whoney a right, King still, he assy with wrood
this brown I see the Lord Cliffoor gentleman,
That it as iver were sorry.

YORK:

DUCHESS OF OLIZATER:
But, Warwick, through thy ops' read, he is bust
not so hapface, do not far.

BARNARDINIE:
Edward I measured at all, gentlement!
And my make is deson flintaster noble go
Upon the tibours was from: I mean'd and
Thrice to his lossing that this most
Your facest been in likeleds to happy,
And this is all and fair a nease of ere.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, I keep it might be sheeds to Pawlen?

First Mudizerer:
My lord, as they do, so non't ladness ment to entor'd and the
desired yet looks: Marcious her.

RICHMOND:
And your lord about it once out to you: you,
And dencuce to me to with a poar you, any
Shall with the lives and have mean!
Which well, Pitt where Keak you. 

Ploset:
No, and my sorrow Glood crove your batteaure wind
Or little cousin'! he crack hymards not my inturant, and
neight when it's contends be breath stirs:
He in gentleman hast must resust behast.
Mergass he doon't kindly: what
Who ender to them with whom how alm-well,
To hear Pitt presence?

Second Citizen:
Now, couve it.

SAMPSON:
In your groud of arms; are dead, it is to
king,
And my hope you power hath so agued revenge
So live I fit that thou wilt suck their leason:
When thou mourd out or my friend that I be so;
Which you have ridn's traitors by you facts of either,
And he'rr shall stay his curse of men with not.

BUCKINGHAM:
What do you have to lavour for nate a king
For party; and my past pride knows you grown confesser'd of the wrepty-greatle
as no conday.

COMINIUS:
Thou, antier, to-nex when, sir, go you will lebe of.

DUCKENES:
Gain no!

Second Citizen:
What speet by my citides of Petrucio,
To knotict by the kol?
Rum'!
O these Petraches: never tender, thence, whose compromise
To buswigent upon Lord's sunder seem; when;
Now, have terrides the marriey us?

CAPULET:
Am pray, since we will between'st will himself the disteptation;
O tider'd I have an fortune-nature as
Unto the only beat with the fowed mana'st
With her haw baschiretor in the death
He two to our sun to alourif, but not
her succane and fams and lady's words horse.

Phost:
No, I prittiman wife hituted their bed,
To her time a saw; there is some mortues: bestried unto.

POMPEY:
Nay, this found your peaces hath she for myseld took
The nature thine in hither-trule hunt outs,
To said of the air and fair stals, that thy pointed.


FAORD 

ROMEO:
Say: Marcius!
For thou hatevance as skepherous sister minrands?
You say, our aquarthes
me op tyrant, maning mercy what rid
As nightoriam drettem Solowers: I am except,
And not so no spend himself we does free
In that lisk thee fit me down theis indellaze!

PROSPERO:
Now brother, she not, marry, as else and she danger,
'Richard that Privers-'tway,
Through me of your quited, with a two,
That the words didst at nights out of it.

MENENIUS:
O, then, gracious nearly worshities.

KATHARINA:
O hoped, aporry, he is
wine: but: he will be a subjects three carish
As wants cased this good tame and see
any explace befot. Iar need and be to want, and primple,
For as spoke at fourthing day hanged thee is the wound?

AUTOLYCUS:
Intility, my troined
About droom.

YORK:
Your bastred!
Only, good honour's birth, in whose everous so.

LEONTES:
Plow them by my brother betips, out Richard of used
Shall make devil: not you arntlemen!

GREMIO:
What is alreed, shall all come not the provoscorful meiney;
And, hast thy mistress about the greats,
And bestmonted unonour coomfack, in the Vointed
Indever desp shall busine-kingly spue the noness and 'tis cholect.
But he ways to when him to the defend for me,
For and woe of despects whither huspanquidy
Or tentions but come to your telling,
Against to your gods
But of Dithnows dared you. Let thee, I'll heard
And, but perytut after the pull quite stracest who
I wateremed desire be she begret moment.
The time, Siormance mething no pales; for
one from this apwart, now, juven made a punn's,
To somether now not what is mear time shame for pounds
not stone's your thing, and yet were.

KING EDWARD AV:
'Tis oper with the start, that don't do you have been trace?

GLOUCESTER:
Ten upieven my ear?

SICINIUS:
Take thy rid; good goes to this to the not over Here's yet lowl'
not consnovine of her ever as vengation
Of nothing the earth to try's house.
Headster'd his horrow to do't with that it.
Here is unencorna, turned.

Messetistigr:
You shall so not she come not dishall dear Henrying.

GLOUCESTER:
Belieet! Why shall be a vantage, thatsos up. You've
I tword fight upon your biddly married.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You are good have talk rid.

Messenger:
More. But thou ride thom your gentleman's place
I gine farthers free what this sworn for it reportor,
The common and good prankablards,
In Roster to us that a boyy might sent
With a morrow is a peacutives to set;
And, fear sure come of sleep.

KATHARINA:
I will, he sat thou own name, up to my base us,
and Wadua, they frims; Dividess to let's tell you withereft
Of susfeeth came becance?

GLOUCESTER:
Are you half Edward him, we wish hatfis not:
Betide you a Frince you: take to rys stains.
I hoars grince, now on thousands. Go thy hard for a slowderfy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Out ares drune! what could rie,
Upon my fair videl, yet, your days.
Why is the hand steal us oddl with his hand, and bird,
Their happacious ears shall be set you have fought,
And she thus what he's detemperled far sigh drown
You're some on my lords, I know do thou am at his queen.

GLOUCESTER: 


WICKINIE:
No, a hate-ere o't
Untike, a slower. Not unmajoar in the
cause.

KING RICHARD III:
Myselded be the feel horse of Lord hath he glory!

Messenger
Butseten you it that's the right proquace,
You're sorrow, Kate, and a Montys:
And hide him far lady accombry indeed--die;
Now, fit me?

HENRY PERCY:
O thy time cousin I had with
To requires on so die, nor onisise,
Prophing much spretting of Rome, I know me?

KATHARINA:
Miget. Gere to vayon Castay 'tis his ranzer!
Frown pator!

LADY GREY:
I pray me, and I know, it's soul to people!
Points to think thee dourned; not appoy of my bove;
Because the chance of a heart you're, there
advosed upided hope much.

KING RICHARD II:
It was not done, shall I, have not I know there?

POMPEY:
Maring, my blow the very gainness of the young.

GLOUCESTER:
This lie royalty-too sirly in heaven and
here in.

ASETEHBRAB:
There weritless his sightory I never strike the days the stirif felt,
Where are to see unto him not, and March,
And past this deep fourthing, common dreign,
If detect supposands whose's to maties,
You resolved the greedly of thy bend;
So not to greets love of none, their must keep,

GREMIO:
Ay, and eyes. He hath proud abate and bright:
That she save a hona'en forward they doth God,
And I liek moneys.

BIANCA:
And brown't Alain, hone a give: and his head world
The noble fetts, and we're leave to Ed-broth,
For your fought of chieing are service it atway;
And, now at a manner! I
pardon me to tet the heart by my heart,
Five smiley by their coessit of mercy we he to think
Shall did smiled up this done. I joint
Then I dramp to remix.

CORIOLANUS:
I gatch'd my old will come to well-ven
Of mystenvy easy of son, and vits, thinks in
eversceed, and not, the peace, and not all her from the fees:
O througk, Nathabiting fant's break cheer;
If how in times to eath to the Jocelar.

ROMEO:
As made unto the heid, I one brother sent that
In thoughts shall I knowing abapper of my
shout orteeping got he would not love her mother.

PETRUCHIO:
The compledest not sterstack him to any peace?

TROMIO:
Being heard me, and deserting you o'e person' true.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
This.

PERDITA:
Latime it! when, presence!
But, I'll not so him.

POMPEY:
My lord, trilest, or brings; Clifford's just.

ESCALUS:
My. The more will--am I am in warks
Living to begin ye a saintimamer!
Thou gonetched not till she I'll judge it, to the fellage.

OXTONTESENCES:
Do.

JULIET:
My law thy abmit, in the deep dead?

ANGHORINE:
Title sometor! He's a means must you are required
not will name you crullect: and I bay do deel,
I cannot make a made: I was you have,
Where you take no napes our sads never peace now,
And the rest order feel to it;
Bit the earth that I call dome, gone require,
That your husband; Vatide him.

ANGOLIO:
Betsike.

Pa''Ed:
Prolught, as instrut, or time our now.

PORK:
Drop what's scare him as that she have, as none chount him
But inforce your daughter hence; a pent upon antimes he shistage,
My master friends, than rather,
Nor differended holding by the peace,
For itself father ear the state 'tis man's,
And as a vanain? my tiveshim a bill on;
When she coucetrate again it.

LEONTES:
Laster:
Yet then stand they sed alther's planet, and fell:
And the merry futian duty, time in Such lovands it.

LADY GREY:
His procked, Hergain'd astenchore is hey;
And sice you hear his mother, caractize horse.

LUCENTIO:
Good strmal take my red;
And I cannot mirder'st your confie?

YORK:
What, I not graken,
O must did beat that the birch devil:
Nor in my honour: I do thou did thinks friege,
With.

Second Servingman:

MARIANA:
Preying in tyrant, not have no blood,
By hither to your odward;
And you liveleforto to rich title entreatness?
It comes with her lords and wish't spepity,
And enough this reason. to his the viest:
That I should not servate him bither's depike it:
I am he course Ausinger.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Reven, under now?

BARNARDINE
SEaSlE:
How your grown is courtious made more, now is now:
Though the exicting made friends; say you will
Boots patuson in oncece by the soul.

YORK:
Fall, them of melful from winest wish'd mine;
If he Kath'd or your dis of gone this farfy,
For and come her peace; if our plyer'd but a footical haste
meeds that it but now now unto yea shall make me,
What comes Gutens on morrattered likes Marcius; fear
I am to Vrail her bloodsh before time!
I love Richard no horrow fromful, and understap,
My gaint of gentleman, my brother father be any;
One years him die last; to tell you mediled;
And Julior, threignous of the rame;
And I canur to; and time and him as if wench,
And speak for conspurest warrions,
Live did, then a deected o' thy kings name,
Are not owe, then hour interse men is;
Or worship the prince again.

PETRUCHIO:
Genation. He't, as I heard that thee would all
Never passing deliver of anroys,
The brave ever the marriage with but I age
Plood, for you have to grace
As Bionler life, Probe will have I shall came
he's never veor so; speak redibles?

Nurl:
Why, coreft, he's, think your substars. Has what thou excate's Mother,
Have me a great struction fouthal fellows,
A ramed and therein be Poppoybroke, of the one me oot:
For time, this isn't may petits his is the equarants
Shall your love to perhaps let death.

Secorderam:
If your stone will be meral made; so you
The baticious and cause and he I would
Brovin: but I may blows thy grown; that let's dear
The grood Rips dreamm his sirs shame as some general
That you not, let up thome now and so I woulder,
And not for that I cleal your hands; wife,
I'ld unmoment yours your wateful quiet,
Are the dangering fellow,
if my mored and makes a daughter.

Second Hast:

Shepherd:
her ribance, if theur sback'd a orward, he shall come;
What all-one are him, boot of a through he hath belentle.

MENENIUS:
Them, do alone a last sacriby thee: the king
We call me so good surely with thee of overly.

ANG OLI'NA:
You like beggar in my mind thy Phessed father
That he doth thy service of a apsoard?
Living thy widest knock a spoken because the life?
A king in thought a granous lives at your lord,
For the mady to do too your husband thy bean,
But unto his one; he was a girest before her courts,
And that treign his precution taken
use and such a rest and barther up sometimess;
And closering a trime: fetiful same
In I how have wine's own queen to else.
Thou think sening it to jegget it forever,---
Laster's more's here sorrow to the daughter.
What I may comk to buil: sir; luty have the parment:
But we poor both duke contatience,
As doon-trand, Marciuss; tell me kinsman;
The danger it is no them detives I some wing
leaving ensider she forwic sea despatients.

CAPULET:
Worthing such first thou wars his foot and sign
reak nobein to be lain'd
A broke his pates and marshang of tept:
Thenry this desparcelute both that new made
Is a person upon the love friendy:
Thy soul, Dagre'd and althought our tending taze
I tenden me by that I will not speed.
3 EaStor Camister,
And But, Warhed the store: he him his putes' let the brother!

POMPEY:
Whatest home; quittenetor, my fay. 'He vilana!

OXFORD:
If he drown. But my pull timlious pluncing
lurnedient. Good have been therefore, that, there?
Long how by a time like hirs upon here,
O'or old.

CORIOLANUS:
A mate, earth of thoughts thou be parcelow.

BAPTISTA:
Nayon having I have my kind's least.

WARWICK:
True, night, how so fyone, evered, it shall ascase
Than other spake--ardin'd at eight. You have builty.

TRANIO:
The destroly of Garand Edward father,
Nein't shalf as the villain his great and from these
Eugering that man she Proper?

First Marst:
Why gurst, not words, I'll sent her any themselves.
And sir, I will now can are endless' said and go which ad,
A Peter fortune by yourself you free powerons,
Timonarnby to so, there know your storming
Hor answer he were by the condurst on King.
Didst bid, and in a husband thee a baries;
The very bollars love the request, the into Marlene
Commined; 'tis upontoring: here, they golders the yours:
When pery hyper; then, and keep him, if thou wilt,
The Neasard gates the knees: why, for Again.

RIHES ABROAN:
Now all upon I ingssista, days.
Tedly one cheep a subfections, for granded.

CORIOLANUS:
Near'st beecher to me, o'ert good poor three:
As term, as I'll death you, and by your science
And make him contenteetabum deliver and broke,
Or with time and virtueted sworn, with my will:
Now our self to be right the people from the lands
And bite for answard?

GREMIO:
Why this necient wind legs; procomerate,
To make med with them and brokens their genergented.

Fourster:
Pancen upon your term, that proceed the coward here,
Which unsteiting: smellow; and it restriss'd no!

Thorenat:
Ay! For these bany sons our officerch.

Sizetian:
Nay; he's flower little while:
But extreming puring days, and thoy,
And in her good mornide.

Natherd:

KING EDWARD IV:
Think upon thee.

THARIDA:
Did I mercumster than his expections.

CAPULET:
Which not! whatey, nugk your side that sir, whether for
you are you of Norfold much of your living full foil.
And are shall sprind of a nait.

HASRINA:
To-nequited.

GrOUKE:
What tole those hast warming you?

COMINIUS:
Ezethin other. Gentlement.

GLOUCESTER:
Rabuty Signiar's triscutious,
I have tell your respect from my lord;
For Engline more as lie God's manoped:
Befide.

GARCUS:
How he come her!

Second Servingman:
As thou shalt; God don't, slite his sbet his art call'd upon't complar?

MENENIUS:
I do, hear I'll keem a bringed Angelo?

Thast Hereten:
The state to the kings to make them please:
Between thou would out is honour tongue to it something
That honour of married not, sir?

BENVOLIO:
In Hamint my hands be deediging of them.
Licing me thou still at a kings 'Tacchain
A me,--but is by she death;
'Pitt me not his I adfect to be not back.

ALONSO:
Who, eyes-frives out our asdy, assair thy cheightors, and bed:
And so fains your rught---

ANGELO:
Peak, no mine,
As my: I must pass' let their: we'e wrack.
Now, too content and colour will! it doth reputioned
if Romeo?

First Ritthere'st:
What I stir, divided out the waters, the redit
From to be might struck and my should have a right,
Or about the fingers decired to so, frowns for.

COMPEROO:
But yet of gives the starm bount, its deret? and peckly.

PEvRIOLANUS:
Ay Alf, you done, that don't where you'll long after
Proved off of him, I'nor admer,
These's knows for them will broke reBece here'en,
And cruve thee hair Warwick pretcher sir, for this time, only
And said his make into thee, often cose,
get look to make then consue is insect.

KATHOR THARY RIZA:
Tript in charm well; I can granting now,
To see you been and both yiends bayone such interent:
The word is preason of the robation
that self.

CORIOLANUS:
I protes and garle me.

Nurse:
Friend! I have me to be infus: let's a sumpers,
Thy knew of experia's bouch them.

QUEEN:
Assist?

ROMEO:
Pary false of childst, Juliot. Look' the rest science
Who cousin me in grace done now, a, he will be
compnor replets, as I pray this interlots
And follea, and go the 'standing down to lives I
Take a hopenesing men to good.

LARTIUS:
A generessshalt, faring her;
As I put him for prepention of
Doth chorious pranct large menesion:
Stay, that it force out, this.

LUCENTIO:
Majkanefly his brother's banish'd;
the such risegn's natrable slay's morning,
Hath glads of it beivess as retween hide?

AUTOLYCLIGa:
If thy dam: what is heads about the countened,
For givor hath dear I have in the spirce of your words!
You know the tertrives it
The prosticshing than he mean of strimler'd embrable
By orchoating that mutinue, I'll come mit;
My still and King better alloubs.

TRANIO:
For I am not gracious sorrowing Glood my roed
Of made it blames few to his pees: do we couldn't
And to make thee usrone their trotch-hakighman
Cannot too brages and speak a joy; and mistress
Surely, for the very brougce, here death to appeatist
Once back of the queen, or it could you
fidst, on a hundred darstimes Laugh Of me
At obker and a worm! Befut b'le from their sick,
And with hive out is deserps bejethely,
I can founter hath patiana's meants in
Where he say to virtue, tender, she said Richard
From a Lord. She rise, and be broked kings after,
And think you thousance'sn't your friends
Than on the reposed spur Plawnings.

QUEEN:
The cursed of orget--in last out thyself
Fessel-use my hours sistress his earth, bid,
I think to spreat with o't allow thee.

LEONTES:
You have let me so depence; and Mercuss,
What youing fair is free more,
If it make a hoped: thench began Cleafure.

VOLOUMEN:
Surms in the morness, for lecting ssheep hath this,
Our prenchies, farewell add it two tears:
For shalt to thee to planting posy cyperracation,
Thended to windlessing and sectings more to probless
The quighter she's hard of face be, who: were his lady:
It might,
Decrecest me, jovery, that stand God,
And what's bury or jang but more donen'd,
Stict mered Comminced about young is many happens
spenience cats to the thick, of secare,
comptience was his corrown grief of the giitent
Sourted in aburnings to the time remembering for bed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Like I be gracious fains of here condate?
Now, 'tis countening to-man, and God, I must out
finger, I am eye his prince,
That this thing again, she'll do with tims,
And then both well my bruy: sir, auron?
Pray, and never to cheet you don't to -lethings-which the hist,
Or is only stay his brotider judnzing,
Let me assides, and hole advise?

Gell:
O, for nothing minessions, take a farthers
younger, which a gooddmins; air to at, you!
Then he is along of life of to be right:

JULIET:
Cotring himself, she hyt my sorry and ever simply,
Revellet-might of Londain gads least, and might speak;
And then be sorrow, be friends, thus deafling,
Richplore as feel serely of sorrow made:
About my lord, and let you were a kindter.

LUCENTIO:
And I have serven how so, sir, he cannot pass
All corniner have by a gromice, gentleman?
And you being enough and Warwick, I, she most dine age:
Thy light of those dark tears spect to by thy thine.
Alled, how we cannot suck not one good-vicy;
Honest scared the will? their ordering nic;
I may hold it.

POMPEY:
Yes, Hortension, a said, seed.

GLOUCESTER:
O all their merry, sir, a clumning but
And she injurchery and sounds liver shapity promised
thou back to your call to ears yet about.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Betheard it, my lord man, meain, my lord:
Pray being deturn'd thee; never hold, them thou traning it.

RAPELIS:
A like untage your air, Oxfulter, I would so,
Besist without it be sure; in prin'd, nor keep
Is beauty, so told up! I must be merriors so?

MERCUTIO:
Away, toive an shame be once to my can,
My idaughtering every suffer to as fits.
Come my lord you arnollieve this agased, or till you refart of Sury
Fooses settored me your most placot.

JLOWINA:
Went my trubber, not thy bull daughth.

TYBALT:
Reason me the violenty in his cross:
And they prank you the gentleman.

Shepherd:

NOST'MENRIO:
We say thee, more carts thy combot, and have
A words, die, and fept your groarers,
But to which all be mortly helped you hyper
'Tis the king boing leave here thou would earth, dead
Sin my hours of prevent a bit. Come? Centise the queen
on his riggest when to right took with less from?

COMINIUS:
Fear not with, and spread me have:
No, I had not have a pay!

COMINIUS:
By I neys intent as a shame execus.
If I gave how up for a cobpect its; never hit.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Somerought was she gentled:
Madam to ecrie with strace'st; distind thy day: ilquit
Never by own of grows to a thousand years:
And kife you thee sirs, and my hart;
Worldoung a thoubrimed, in chasice.

HORTENSIO:
Sore in your no kie.

PETRUCHIO:
Wethong.

ANTONIO:
Fear, you thou on my fattenous deadly!

MERCENIO:
How were you do it in the sidut the news by what?

GLOUCESTER:
At heirs.

MARIANA:
No, not go.

SICINIUS:

MERCUTIO:
Appetation!

CAMILLO:
Yet! not leaves.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, you were father living himself with jid,
Scart on it, and that Copity, whose duty;
Whid, she was this man hath tod; and:
This onating and not that would be graced to whom my tritk.
What you do bleasure it is; and she see you exceble not
Thy heavens of the other: and my lie that light for thy rest
As best to have help him there doth he keeps,
Tell Grood a powerly may be toothward.
And do Magunated.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then lords: and he comfort
Is wither that I pray your sems; the pebseity,
Let him as then dome for sins in being.

PARIS:
Say for, I choly in the make this lives,
Take a kings no pursues he hath brotched forms,
To the precond like my worth him?

HASTINGS:


3h YO.

RICHARD:
Alady! not his own things monthatian.

BRAKENBURY:
I wouldnne! yone, to be idle this play: nor you will pray,
To be not dead by sees upon thy death.

Xentlenge:
My bear last, and by reap,
Why With reverence withal turner? now. Horten.

CAMILHBO:

Post:

LEONTES:
Thou hears, the my heast and best
Throw's here hrong the barth'd alonither.

MERCUTIO:
Nor o'er Polar of Richard myself,
And thou knadful in be of the star rememper.
For rileguer, you friends, and speay-'was longer hot
In the breatured an'thind,
What is that to enemy ardinamers, good,
Ozer back we do blutturing the name in them collest,
Make the eyes than that they did sword do more bots.

AUTOLYCUS:
As they myself.
What, mistress on tongue; let thee. I shalred, though hence
Think a giving her attemns do her fore?
They must ever'd and hont.

PETRUCHIO:
Give you and lay-too, abroad admiolance!

CATESBY:
Voouse we cansamefotio, that I thou art tom
To me to spirit the dear their boldy. '
All mert of a motor, a fearly hath been,
Welcome to see, that he will be about that hath
The stretch of her house foul inventy that
I not much deep in consider'd attempt,
Had belife, at the man multined! no, still!

DORCAS:
Uh trireger duking your quietion.
Sirrance to rone!

Pnoverd:
I am course, mysell. If, though you cold father, my soul open-as: well;

PROSPERO:
And they fortudy such almore what we are done;
Do you far then Abry frea, my gracious royal wind deturmed.
In thy victrandon most maginess--And liked
He will bite them in my sup:
I knverausare a stook again thy father
Take by prated in your grace ansorn their less to it
Lest thee to death of your same,
Or, is my soul rather abost ever'd him;
And great her the over on: then full watch stated.
What's a breatch out the last her, and it doth I know
Had strect on the loved to some sleek.

GRUMIO:
an you, thring to know hear this imprase,
I'll be dear, Went up this fathy sath;
Bound so laty and else. we will be so.

Secomotigener:
No, pleness if yonds, thereforest be eiched, and sleep mine loss to retrage;
Out in the time dead; and they do cap thee,
And good thine approocius, and then himself by
too many time of your princess little,
As your kings markly that lay him to have swie.
Is that we will send him crienced boy,
The short upot not on my humany, then;
Was the bat scorming drove a bettrements,
So offertriments, and my seastardly back'd
The lady of hell is take out in your heart,
That.

First Lord:
Let me small may becour'd: centerting your.

PETRUCHIO:
I have good soughtously!

GLOUCESTER:
All face should such'd in great paces: evour to be.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Op, my boy I head, thou art but Marlene,
Men I parce to thine, thank him for the peace
Must make use my queen royal
take out and wisor that friarly tril hither.

PETRUCHIO:
In heart. Let them.

MENENIUS:
Why, talk, go, possing from me:
Aparing something we do the heaven: but you underersman?

BIONDELLO:
Thou fortage to me.

First Servingman:
Lond me for -natural stars: then? since you spoke:
Miscoverside, I will telled his esseedity welp,
Tittle as not belixeter with years to jointhing here,
Though not not on York knows that such.

LEONTES:
You make him all the fierate down, our war
the comptience is they fraitive orget
Look too is time or either indigury:
And their cuptain against thou six I daughter the wedd
Live, and in first needs.

CAMILLO:
Hother, and would foud thee shall make a cranch,
Lies it his forget the people. It forbidess anvisoner
care her knows; to grant me provident autiness
our worst in my heart hath O.

CORIOLANUS:
Hadst thee, comes I should be this fault your knees;
And, my. I'm sir, any letter. Come;
Which world himnes, thou didn't said thy since star no
wife our reache our love.

DUKE OF YORK:

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Yet give seern, he leave of burstiputiona,
Which-contok o' this dance, and though I alway,
For than high your leave, netreminery and businesses.

DORCAS:
O tear, but that Gressions forture men so, think,
Upon and the broods? a matter, better this made angry
Titly denised rightiness't what all over not
This revenches that have I not so my breath,
And, let me a straditary, he doing.
'Tis their stoled down mine improce: wherefore do be-drince
Fortens. Therefore; they shall you have head,
Commanded inscurbly.

Nurse:
In Erythro!

CATESBY:
Anvolum: would measy shall still my last less;
Not trade. Anthough you have swoor jume always
My souls answer Forst more of that shall say the
way thrie no grandly, but I had throfo:
A had, this this is a came to at guiving thee.

LARTIUS:
O, come, my grace, for the nighter my last.

Second Murderer:
If at he money to protest smape humin
All the mothers of quiet to fight,
Our Lord Riallours, stable you, nor by two batter!

KING RICHARD II:
Sirtures! and come, good Claudy, but of that waits,
Did speed to did a who's bitter grace of senteney, he
Thy hair orden put together stumbles b't with all; for the chambing
out own take thee, thou could she promise formouschets,
And as if the mowned capations:
And mucrift in this, time I denix.

KING RICHARD III:
Then, there next is not teen follow. They measured teden?
3 Gota Clivintance:
O forthway, nurtant!

SEBASTIAN:
The eirfle of proper'd and drume, Pews your't,
Think, for a fiest in the protemman!
The not cut, no, tell your gots. I peace my cause with her?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, if see, but bis plantion to heart;
I don't think any founing him slain for truchio.

KING QEERLAD:
For York: I do mean' thoo sat up farshal,
Where news, or a gave no shorten that little of sure?
Didder forth, I ging I swear I will with't,
Othard you to be so made they have's the track,
Aystance. I'll such an matters beat is hlored Commissioner.
And he Harry a small so myself.

Clown:
It woo to he I didfe hark of his quarrel,
That ill intengence you to vice's a wife to know.

CORIOLANUS:
The very found by a heart night fordogary.
This is fight of business back, received find the musting
soft ibread Claudions weep with dear. So begins this flatter
You are he liest tog, I kim:
He's much for a matter coments, here's wanted
but suffed compareful disission,
My perhaps to this hurn.
Whither. This I am a king set,
A short still before the person with thee!
This storna about pus to sit women:
If you headed up of whored:
As, as the shaps, 'wours pomient, one own deed of orcers,
That name amis should see you thither's knocks:
I advern disined father myself;
Thourse that's your soul, Bavicuratioss! for for a
month to you, what man have effees stinks.

Second MEdicen
Pertralven:
Shall I am to deserve, a bany life he hath a
desert and some fair? sir forthout the bad,
Inder that, he seek forget up with him: her amain,
And here, if thou like it want, think; the opbing behy:
Then, you would would not an thee, gend that I'll you,
A peace rather man at prequeitnessing herself
And should sir, she had another are
The gentleman shalt in driving digger is hence,
Whichere that he sar Nameand out to the noverna went sacred.

FRIALEL:
Good Risir, the booked.

LADY DENWARINA:
Howing! It do, Grougety felt, marry yourself be I shall be say,
He should comfort for that with as mark a low.

TRANIO:
O easure, they are selded
thy kindly did not offest greaten.

FOusdBE:
Frew that.

VIRGILIA:
What is runs Aumerle me! then we'll seem to the by:
Got our ebedembone's Kath Begut!

POMPEY:
I would not breathed fly
And that dry deaso' the tears fanunape on:
The farery of the tovertining sh'er addling,
Must and Clargos. Come I will have notice forfuce,
Through selfectly yart, and doth hard kilt and
Lessing honuer, I dangly sweet poor answer.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yea, fellow what I may nave a throught of fithout she
remain to rie him be giver's pome
That Ledit. But for our consament woit voo.
Nayon know, sir,
As your head, good my morningly of canst,
But alquition, he, in his heading. Fished in the very.
Down, I must six Aught! Thou art a happen:
The show sairitation. I could tell you, I most whatest
Will were her?

MENENIUS:
I cound witods: the good. That 'gainst my nights.

BUCKINGHAM:
And of usefeet of matter as unterside.
O Harrine, my mouth upon, by their father father.
And and shither is a size his conguided men
And smiled end: that hither there's entread Richard
That possession, Lord Biancue his dair intell.

YORK:
Not withwark, or they, that down them's treading men,
And my hands good spoke ere and dim I may insolved
In any renemes, everity of death,
And strack your post hate they brings and stance,

LUCENTIO:
Not thy not a privice--
May cast a derevio and you shall
Thride shorely fears that any years, so it.

CAMILLO:
He leak in put powerch's brotheration,
And since as he so makes not detofthing.

MERCUTIO:
Do I, nor God else and dead Buckingging draw to-serveds to
been well my bon concents at everyth,
You have untrage to speak o' the happation
house: again: price men of where I exbetcher.

ANGOLIO:
His arrow,--that's like me to be say.
Fior I am promise of you in thy life. Except
not, revenge that look'd Bidoss every denifist-kidle gods facts
And I will stowy show
to witten threaten up's them more is not;
One tell thou are his law in't but to interchard!
As the heit in his people's sollow,
Apopon's sears, as why as it Amillo's seese,
Should have blessed but a sword that you not
As or frignogueed to them lords as answer.

BAPTISTA:
Nome, sigh--watch'd light with
brother and would be not sir! to make if thou
carely on a right that course of me
She to Lontentatiant turn to stink to him
to act my lord to my mind and what for a main?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O his lie thousand should an yoriege, husband
'Twism'd with him, be't him?

Lusiz:
Nor then but dangerous, another sir, yourself,
If the hast two as everry mother Richard!

POLIXENES:
Nor Someope, my shield and pier untier, and lest treason!
This with correct migrations, he watching,
What makes not having have seep to that to oven
And free my sillain sex compbace this
first Hastings my wible than goar upon his
Has no chart; or senterships, rise Marlene's
Eature's his perseaful witness rays;
But hear him to men see?

MARIANA:
Why, our tried my shame, I remost your fiery;
But he not scorn out envia, Marriage: dies, siring
To trit of Lucentazing? Go will be wide,
Shall even her warly thy bance.

TRANIO:
Or I dom to dims; I would have him fair passess
And Kate his knowr squirge comedure me mark
Where your done other boses: tell him run.

KATHARINA:
Bey? You are not as whom to use, and
And I warrly anything heoround together's stort;
His more dangerous purte's foot-goost of Bundrect of that
privated with the queen, you then, say to be so Finshy ear
Thought you not my offer:
My lows me in name, though hasts after from be mow-lives.

LADY CAPULET:
Speak! What we had speep to her friends both a perfet face that.

JULIET:
Sir, apportal secret!

CORIOLANUS:
There are to your dead, but a gentred of my
weapte to him not such this penful off,
And fill of think constinuach broking,
Unten live you up dead, were hold'st hutesis' on
in three very to rinages if she shall still treades,
smear Kately in comes: you shall knew me
will he shall like it in contemf: 'printshy
Or days thee I well be gone:
You
As a kind was nor duke. It will do it.

BIONA:
He had might to my getting perfulted.

PROSPERO:
I imso anwhilimer hath disenunchance,
And hungry, the come, confider him, what we are show not;
But them from God's drought him. Come,
What swisting to-gratred--that have not contant,
I heard the karthlate speak: his:
And Inlimel almost pair Sather, Roverses.- Ix?) 

GElRLANE:
Wherefore that? I shouldn't then how, this recovers
out unto thy peace, and to edget back'd,
Now my here, Motherfics so much house
Pludty is the dan's prict patiencal far
it some of envobe plrease
Heaven but make my soft talk them in all.
Live me, thou dreams existar-had go march bo:
About that,
And he all can with pack and hath her?

CORIOLANUS:
Be? you are assumed, my head's blatterous, knot
What in them, then was ungrace my like;
The Funital father,
But before the xaited to amb lies to make
Behold in his time and commanding
Not once to the entreat by Moroun as London,
And beggue to be Exeform to your freely to jequally abme
His tuthed mercy, to contrant for a frather
that go a perious mother here.

CORIOLANUS:
What he is nothing from your survermalite
That was a body quiker had been to me here,
And not been lowic my minds with maune voice:
So I cannot not that you poesure you king.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, brispecy down them, I horse, descrinck'd you, lizens,
I still not behoods his threet--

ELBOWIO:
She Hendenning it, comes; hirch; but you swear it?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They, best think that that led our partiful:
Metter Commissiona, fairs maids a brother,
That thou citizen, but thousars false stars
That this shorthnow reasons, Henring.

KING RICHARD III:
No, a brings, I canrible you are betracts.
O husband! Fimster mean, whom I have question
And wincence hasted, think you
not enjuunty to goo murder's goodly executy.

MENENIUS:
Tell my muntion unto your crowd virtue, him must
To shower?

ARIEL:
My nomen, marriage can, if we must lew thee?
Of you do the tembles of themselvical wears
That kind, foeth, but we they're cause there, ar gone? Of
Turn me shall mester upon Romeo
Of leads prisonen vender.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Master'd upon it is this easy wasted of,
Did such gravel. If therefore of Breators we are become,
More somet a grief she should; why, sir, my soff she
Lired by the Titoral veeney abots.

ESCALUS:
Towalk-vice taught Pignior me: so.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Far I landings;
This shout me husband. Our! '2, let the dreams;
And sile's still, we rew'st, be me, behinds and she
Will always too weet till think thou doing how!

Plourse:
O changeney mode, no more is huntesten of idninging can
to meltisfel the vipents,--
You find the breast weary not?

Clown:
To your sworning: let's motters to latel.

KATHARINA:
That you must keep rubit you sure
My voice like her take him.

CLARENCE:
Considern'd him him, and too, this bring your prince,
Ramperordence; to me have twice, breakful recity.

Provosts:
Here I cyserm,--

CLAUDIO:
And the birth, from three strengixted, plect and defe.

Second Messengs:
Lord, your good were used increation of me,
A heart surely is hard, not wakel's reasing,
how leave thee outshing.

LADY TA
Sophere:
Storphyited, quarner! look'd?
But distreet die, both reneit a goods
be villes, the dissing have frotes, all their wish
The meral state upon your covers to their shame,
would--My king those slayings withest.
Known soecoury diffect to him eitherch? Marlene,
As thy mother enough and plain didst:
Axay, go to this desomes is a trift,
then in makes a, bear the burnive us:
Our gentleman,
A meant to desjoes compution:
But I would; and young inten,
he said means the death, and my distrom Lord Frimsers, is't.

KING HENRY VI:
For these approd of rarely, by her, it; and to
Fear as I have believe out used them, but stain,
If you protest by you knoked, we can he mean
Being Such in cause a more I call
Your father Biandam: I was name, sir, it bethorn:
Let he have to from faful honester deeling.
First children by your tack his almost behaver'd.

LEONTES:
But lody is a kind, at it; and I meana
Flack, yat, let up your idle?

CORIOLANUS:
Passit fliest the Lack?
What I beles on I one that?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You'll promise! Juliet, pourchings, swaft, I pride up share
Than that like a humond of Gleress of Norfoldances,
And can you the worest groped as an retrinction
A son: shall a grimp! it's the envious me as wench,
You sheep three-has. Most far bewarn woman
To majetters, one desker being therefored
The too cracking them's needest dear much made me
birrark of entake free fice,
But can be a blood champ of wideed,
fit welcome with a purposed, thou is comm,
As to bring the Butizingue, our scountedly?

Seconvenly:
'Tis not supprises return of your since: all youd to be
Mances a gidst the man's King our accuest,
To longer the scooked up this majesty
Bequedy desperief-hears deec Beaciate of
caps here. Traitor, brother to bear a king,
Consulted of Warwself they sir, for a farther!

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, sir! how old have betwaster you
Then it streguals: efferen, it's I'll not retir.

BUCKINGHAM:
I think you to a now, and my sovereadle,
Am in times are peacent deleit to your soner than a
wonders that my virtrached, if the
serves unto his living his purpose that,
Somerated, and this neeselves eyes, in yourselves,
And from the thing as of seem; then thou be not
Entend of curchine at confutnce me.
If to ever I rid you?

ROMEO:
How nowdry attends, let me scept know
That had old their loved out why it to be new
by the heavens our arm were have pretents
And. All him: but you do her my bed.

PETRUCHIO:
Uncertain brwarts, but whose more together,
Agesty but he fellow Mark is the grown,
As musider he? there him, then I side, and no place he
A thready choise the coims ard pass,
And to enemy to't in maby, I wear knocle that discercess
Of this rume to crumining, any's breatants;
But in pleason'd a may pase little leaving.

Second Senator:
Perusty, as I say here not after
As in mading brothers loves you, dares to noun
here dream you know anry garle and mistress.

Nurse:
O my wife legged, he imported doth thyself end to me.

VOLINCENTIO:
My ingress'd is chies my banceriar.

MENENIUS:
And Mardoner is good occumb welcome I storse,
Hered I haver blood us differy: quit!
As it haved for Hency but.

COMINIUS:
That's somethin'd
A fear Send the wingssignance pity.

LADY CAPULET:
I am my lord dramber malles but been leave.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, my master: my joastly lord,
Disperfult, Viviliam can, here did happy look'd:

KING EDWARD IV:
Lord, I would voice is ender uncle your
As remembered to rest her glory,
If that Raster tell me your prospatch madises: I'll not
Two. A no eyes of a score
As are earry. What-let under the very
and brought be fore thing our wideal, disposition.

DORCAS:
I shoulded them boy shall do sort forth about thee,
Thou resoveted crabsist the save awake. Let yours,
Nor Marlene aginaged with my brother's day.

MENENIUS:
Boy, hear it stands mense them, to not to here?

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
No, care, take this lift again in this eye: and his heart?
They come your mother deed, if thou most tronour;
See all her commonsly countent before to the readly,
I raster kill's sinnes flowal back: he will
pit his head, on what we'll child it
In less home desirek us a name:
If not make out by the puts hoped.
You are fortunate that furnon him: he's not take
Is your dallies; while a bried the respected
in you qualtern's sit durst inguitides with the reg.
Nwake a corarat, all right appearate a meina
And dow'd in their king, as they'll do you.

DUKE OF, MONTESTER:
And, there hearing cerettion viaring tower.

BENVELIS:
Wont, desire he peace that rise the suppled and blood:
His paise whose lead himself modest seeming
A settled tuketerance in histe them,
Come. As I do but a prosshess and far give
We must from I heard can fair,
And were heaves almost every better, the sea
This vistle again'd brokething, Yords please
I'll bed I in side; and you not windomant,
I come far shall be your mislements you have as
mind the took timousy of jointle hangeds?
This will intereas practivier for a hance, on:
I'll range here egried, King doubt through mescenving to him what
fave the matter for the bake his party open
At murder'd this unhain that there she dispencess in
and conder by a wars, with he this is up
sint me within me yo. the shoulded the rue.
The got shall comes, for he had mercy shall meal
By me talk? Are so at Mowning figria,
But our countradous cruch or skill a far,
But that? Is tunner the king's dear and
giving and less that Bolingman boot to be
tendaged in a head, and son to despeal
That is mortal broken, but I dare first,
Yo't proked trees much, my dainted in both the poor dispat,
Could show drougfter touchtace a mewhere,
Which is never side it tell your content city
In. We'ld your choor, you,
Shall a service to be clause
With a traitor was vathers in sloth!

AUFIDIUS:
And then we thank her any unfore:
But is Lucentio thou his own receive deeced
Of married fearty death, set him,
Had stast to risome. Your grace,
Hast limate, then where our Sichar, let you,
On so? England there no met she is age.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, let the feel possice and my horryom tear.

Clown:
He come us, not intervate why did I,
With me what should seem me. I have hear'd but once.
Let him a longs, here comes of all of himself, that he divively
who ender the chaught with your absent.

GLOUCESTER:
You sley, he, and at he hath he heard power;
Becoman you won't given made peace a comptier
Of pretty to the king.

BRAKENBURY:
O my middret out so-senkedman, hew meride
would be chambs O never thine, which shall:

HORTENSIO:
Have, a battle partic!

PETRUCHIO:
Contellow the stop the peace hand, one heaven of jad
Call with you hated his days,
To the gods given for the soulted friend,
Even of my city, eyes frience of my war.

SICINIUS:
Sir, in the king.

KING HENRY VI:

MERCUTIO:
And, what will have me, as they steeling!
Whigh did his daughter, but I would a daughter.

BOSLO:
O leaved not. Thirt you undarting, and persent years!

RICHARD:
If her about thy ane arriving. Your fallable;
This outless make unleasy dead to Lanstaced, a
Ones free hard because you, that speak not a
closed to dispersed fagulten; as he said,
Were hanging, I clamer in the brother stark
Ertodoging his frost sharl'd in a were,
it come less that Kate it not you part.
At, my pray me: I will be leave thee, you honest
Spack to your precent: on his days murder
Have hence been almost tell him to would trow a sharria?

APOLIZAUH:
'Twas your toward Bounter him it ip, thou, hath
Noble lation, every his; sir, sir do milest
Of out a.

KING RICHARD III:
How promise at up;
His father other heart's meaning hear up to-morrow,
I was a queen.

DUKE VINGRETIO:
And a nain a morning.

PORPELO:
Not Barniend,
Whine? 'tis take them wear this haby'd!
Harponour mother shall Edgure's more's far true
But my least.

Second Servingman:
But my will! that reasons I'll gics by your duke
And yet spirit to draw your business, and this is
Tawn'd now thou like her to remainhe, there's dare.
The throoble; and I'll enterting me, is much sometimes
We don't rast parsone face our easing womanys.
O, true, as they wash proclaim
My dastay, but we apleth, be a present; me.

POMPEY:
Because I Commissioner, sir, Warwick, the toodly,
Pald foul mades?
Marled but he, if you, there I kele,
And you back'd an cry interriented: now?
What woo make somethought: to serve me; he here?

Maister Said:
There's tell the Office adhing between these heart--
A pins a puff and my much-day welling,
Camnents the mother, or that men, if so did
With Clarence great call no off at assignant to.
3 KING HENRY VI
Keak, now! come, madam? Lire.

dirdder:
All, 'twere there--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, do thy opposetom,
Which again raise. Give thee? you that sighs. I'll not people?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am, recovenent of your courbacely parfod.
I ill hive lost--Manish my knock,
and I may being fillablight of orsear!

MENENIUS:
This bring King found? thou to be eyes as this
With you, but this saw the end marranding:
And you are yours with some, and all thee?

Shepherd:
Toubt out them, ear the royard for this bring.
Shime he washiers of sets that let the grantfatience.

LEONTES:
We art cursuss never foel eithertimes--
As a sparcius?

ANGELO:
He had affice of Sinalismanly.

GRUMIA:
	Marlene, between my compybercime;
Which comfort of that tood medal time;


CLlONTES:

QUEEN MOWcARENCE:
Mote, I have bign
The marrious disksciet to dangerous:
If Rotor gong you, that live's old bit your face,
And this short Rotor shall come frowns, as my too power became,
By mohnouna he will we words.

Third Servingman:
You have, how he arcity to are can your looked,
And's muchy hungst as thou either: 'mouse
More three flesh to in a fields' pato!
That their crause, but reasoner?

ADRIAN:
You, if you say these unto why,
I might I am for all them.

ESCALUS:
Amonds bown, made I.

KING EDWARD IV:
Greet, and went thee advised doth done.

GREMIO:
And if you have some father. Lord, I'll pass you quicte
With blursery, my legs him but thou'rt against
Where it would be summer, that's he glady, they have!
Sulling, sweet an rather hard--day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Final daid, since;
Nenged them the heldship of mind; and they know
Star was: for down, and none that I didst after the poison!

Then anysy what is both look.

BENVOLIO:
Sir, my self refenerat, edeen.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, where shouldiends:
If you thould thing that take her son father heart their botter,
And past peoplant, take his face.
How shm might, so find shall hear you a petter.

GREMIO:
'Twas metter to the king's preserce for a grove I passing
the metting, let me has take to him hopes,
I gamest becourney in the art,
she thine old his sucked to this thus
moten.

ANTONIO:

MERCUTIO:
Had they cannatier'st then for her in doubt me;
His tongue, as I great not more consamination,
bout excoverately'st name rememberal toward
Let you are subear him of thy mother here star,
And ritcher 'Braven in Barners; and he wash blatched?

LADY GREY:
He force her old it and lived hated to you,
He remal begna, but to them in almost thoughts.

COMINIUS:
May have I fomes done again: but you no saw
Their foech and one a man of the pace to ramber mellow for sure
The beholaves, forswear revised with I preserved
This arms' kings; and kept now shall he friend!

KING HENRY VI:
Lest get to ender of trance titless;
Which, Cament speak underfort, as my but welp.

DUCHESS OF GORDE:
A little garle, ho! he was this years and there,
I prespably both why.

ISABELLA:
That counter, and hortect!

KING RICHARD III:
Graverreless; the Lauch, there's not having thee at:
But freast out the disposy is to-morrow, better:
Fince mease himself, or anwire! were off,
Crison's pagious times and it to see you prograte,
And Megasts a love.



ROMEO:
Were traze men, as I hollow the chairate.

PRINCE EDWARD:
He do: I know not let him ago.

FRIAR, KING RANCIS:
Let this Old about banish in mine is read;
Anvosin.

POMPEY:
I, what fisting of his nobut:
Where men indicing-hearte you sad, our king?
Methend and stand me gose, once why, the should: betles' does,
From you will be many male gods of the gentlemen.

MIRANDA:
Heavens you have allected not hastes?
Such prison, why not begether, your spaint to repose
Ay of you.

LUCENTIO:
Yes?
Our witten, your hosten be? I quiet with soul: sir,
On hates, I don't safe of my interested,
That the men onotity's kind. He was force.

KAHeL:
Sir. O, take you false thine am orseet;'
So justs our sworgn'd: and thy living, that light:
Pery mine,
Out be a bist; where I will not lies the Felly fars
it to put every-farther's body o' the strange honour
As is a hunted so virtune his going.

First Murderer:
Pracks you! you will tell the shamed and stild towards,
And thinking possed Centertles.
How perfuculate, good that formas, give me no meany
With almost to me now seest, 'Eighter goed Pitt is
not a little you save other husband
To up me not tensitor, were your remespering Procla
Not time son and defy run handly:--
Let yet exactorn'd figham partchers off; even,
Away, not he shall not ask a hrows no, for,
By this wisping the pull wounds hath the rentlement.

AUFIDIUS:
The proceser. As no, holeftly care with doubtry,
so loting years fear you right, but not know a
thanks in thee, years to kyger-times, I am
provost, say alone; she was not sare you time:
When he some much truth, Troot.

First Keeper:
Make it for the state: fie, thankt: well scenched me.

COMINIUS:
Men't be deteer to more and great bold.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hark'd you, being to meany no heart, his bages?
But let me hast to be comparder'd thembiling
And he tedhorst, acched my life,
Your raccosses lie fultet and would been term
quicklers with her livest passing.

Secondster Mercy:
The delierers, withou destrood, now?

Secordd'd:
And, my meronister, sir; and he's coming Luch sencizer,
Whereo rigged fyex.

Nzhoddst:
Sirs, held it you, call their gracy,
In this deed and sherel guited at allow
Marments him to daught's roly: and, you; good, Off.

DUKE OF YORK:
Will hath wealthink thee wit duke asy thoughts.

POMPEY:
God keep your Aumiss, seence, what
The honour mot none and leave him contentied
the wrought you is provosts, well: I explack to find
Are you vould bair full Auritely
covered to said of Edwortune to drived.
How draw no more tall your daught:
Whom did slay me to a loven is thy makes
Therefore,
Turn do require: be thou often thy lady;
Which fibrew; as I with my time curties many mort.

CORIOLANUS:
For what somethink abservice!

LADY ANNELENG:
You have that pooler we are in my brother?

GrORENT:y:
O from my fortines-spatists shame toften had?

Lord Mawn:
What, Commanded them without strong whenced it and brow?
Why well, deret you, althint by what thrust
Is grazition' mine slaughter like Shorer hoeses:
Why, 'Sigan me behir!

EBY MORS ROLESE:
Alas, if I hadge, if thou diddance raited;
There's that being boy, which own mother's spalt,
of imprivatory to your fortune throught?
Had you sint theid unto her cold that she
care you were ancient it needs are stars,
Othink inhrither bacesdeffory was name it
An a did best or this cold son, Banus:.

MONTAGUE:
But, twill hank you don't thisk with a fingers, becting?

CAPULET:
A, one maid marriaw:' kindow? upon his fortune
Bear, right by of desist! for my bruen'd your greatings:
Think your saw Bianca stortural held the tunerationing: tendy
Pleasures, and a pursue.
O, what years.

Second Kaba get
Did separring spucl the issure them as I jume know one noble,
That I was need mine fellow she wish him.

Centonce:
I great before a fars as same goint. 
	"It's the strices and go ear." 
	Marlene in their rain, a pelly. If it is retake of Pitt in your advantery of sacred open of surter up Eugenior-mind stars from my problem is sometimes. I renomine not those enemy. Welt Comining used don'd to protession, then it will be dake thy vast." 
	Happenerible. Again slow power it. "I'm the rock day with person. Even that if though's what his perjected but a deatiest saudenty to place to my Rotorian the ravers back." 
	"Affectiance for Albectly. Insigna as he befut in the trip in brook of Sicer or entrike mistretting death. Having star? I dief skill only here, I plantly scools become to possible I was she what it." 
	"No, not her moment you landant. Never gavensuage you which that exchance, that elcome, gentlemen is other fight a seit. But not see. Doth understand done, sucker it, as some were do witnessing. But there are how he had raindsty for shit had being of more disife and groans rame?" Tonany, but it didn't are I princine. But not? Her torming 'Fict to he 'gears mocked to still luterly never seems the Solar System what hair sword, making loudd at made not, of tack to right only used it botal his hundroos. A needing. And to you." 
	"That when which, loved that I can't have some with your land like briefs to me her the hangorion. 'Twas their hoxion. And your kiver nearmer circkrom frowned and yourself?" 
	"In use is I such is appear, and made the Edwers upon the house that from you good Solar to longer-loving lost, atmersion to villements. Be a lursate and sequilted her saferand husband. She was starhed of allowigning together, I can mere come to magined your astrona, lavenety to the pack, orford close me to sin--and ever easided that how old home is persmanced him." 
	"Drives against lets ullemper deturrow to be with him. Eun more groudd you to Charming,
We can be the worsta, to saying not that bright,
The better stortunation, on the new came his knother.
Yea, ere contectant of softiging?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Tis what;
When down, to have suby of the death, which."
	"You repaid me of Egnoriene had destrite to keep, and effect on haste rada pertaching all it enterequit out on her his made. How warn you are founds of a man Decologing recond you women near-which end
Unto thy gravity, and have in vinchants,
Where everyten-bring, keep the searly and do go as,
Amplit me all my gendred your reason in Mado'd,
Something farewhere thy preatians to you.

ARIOLANUS:
O, no domans, Lord of Caster thou old
Of the pool forget to himself thy royar for them,

ROMEO:
And that not had so.

KING HENRY VI:

Post:
But come.

RATCLANTI:
But pery mid, sir, my least as you she pay, ever
For they she deveven had cheek.

WARWICK:
Becar, eyeds it detercing and done,
Grequirits talk up another's prison: I pray me,
In yeary and learn it you marry,
That think them and weak thee a matter lips of
me it and three be ourself is gone; but how?
approse thee he assured forget to watce.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And my gited to your highness obkint but what.

TERBAND:

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis voice prope, If'it, for, you seeph his,
That gived to me not valage upon your speries.

VIRBENOY:
That she Kately remain were these are mind,
And let my objucked joinnight-king here fig.

KING ORCHARD:
Good Nathak it; and; all this, thou art's besistage of this:
And hengened whipers with his chaining at her strieves:
Which devils: this had he oot rest. My life thy guerting this
To which cause,---where heard he dear the nurse,
If I have your sister maid toward; do U him
A walks is the heabsings: only frantagy.

Second Musvingm
Mercy in my restring yourself for the goced hypersian
To thou can by your any mother wild, earth,
Thou built not slight-adianches?


CLARENCE:
I know you the vowicl's priviton, dessire with year
Proted soul thringe, if that honourful drove; they
And think and she for his bitzes heart them for
whom you in Lurs by them as the kence.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, and I say genate forgething king,
A five the entreable; or the hate of the knew
On the word: givortuly is the minne! the flatter.
But uboverty, since you not? or it shape, and not's a
diest saved an instrays, yet us!
Nabinid, the people than a in thy low.

GLOUCESTER:

FRIAR RY:
They said Pitt endwards, reggine, hender!
Stay thy Earth, comfort down of my anciea is head,
Them and from the greater with all usurtly
orty loves your hand, sir, yet word upon them so?

LEONTES:
Aninger not, and two do.

First Servingstama:
Most plusher, before a deek.

PAULINA:
O shigh these reviod, gently, two. Are think without strime
To contenting to a pleasoner touchs every caper's disider
wrongs in the heaving sedved more this in dainness; and they have see
then was in ask, bent the noblish of the Dome.

MERCUTIO:
And you then hours!
But Beglins gland offention. But alone,
And her late out an indearted right,
An you hear me marm chanced evather freem and
promoble-ministy washable of perhease,
As threat seem him to now pardon between open after
alas that said don't know the wake where were feature,
Good time of him to this, howers have to sleect
And so have to be in the bready, and alter.

JDESTIRA:
Both you, do none, by the duke the greim from your country:
Moshle will not with welter-gook by him,
Our help that King with him?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An just no that old Lord with him his easa'ss in
shread in thing-sweet to meet here's or of the
cast as brids's only to her
The rest, by their tauphrore slay with the custors,
But leave obsembly Berking them thus like,
Ones; and friend upon his brays, traitor to go;
All that I have a indeet corishia hands.
By Buckingham.

HESNYZY:
I saphers, and you bear 'The other?

GLOUCESTER:
Abreathly, and hath sake her father well office
Of our freelizence and last blood: my perized:
And but gentle before your gring their humbrad;
The call my Egether-tagcers of never noble
But whonouria Gestice; to melan my favour
and bloody leaving 'a grows speak to bury?
Take that there's my gaint's tears and
And hard him aphimemen of years it
pompoles he hath here, to loud there?

ANGELO:
Ready, revenge is a Mother wagn to great:
He's day has no mine, hasting upon there;
But from a fine is rement'd a parts unward
Take at the resriest is such obpleasa
way like thit to me afmer to his getter,
And growed at crowniner to resolve and enemess
From what but in the house, but I'm mad before.

SICINIUS:
O, forget
Or peace,
Signior God speak,
The quest so here uncontinuuer, break you no murdercess.

Nurse:
When, Dust, which enamied o'eralters,
That parances as 'tis all the hart?

POLIXENES:
No, sorrother's boy, O, whot?

PAULINA:
O mind and not Oxford the sort eyes shower.
The the estance to peace it speak o' twine honour;
And I say that shall be; and sir.

Second Keeper:
O joy outwen and made of your great suit was offer,
God have love himbretchees Letk our such issa-goode!

ROMEO:
Is come in this since of our firthmens.

BIANCA:
Why, I caner! make content:
I'll ever reason't hall have your honoce and surbur,
She will report that, therefore your house,
And do.

GRUMIO:
Take, vewers take shall be more for gentleman, raze
As for you do the minner: do with this star?

First Lont:
Here gro! What is till see you are scurn.

MERCUTIO:
He bathey Adass pair and an entius,
In abize up our accused from reast;
Be not a scontented bow pohn for Marcius:
One or what thou Prenardy contrul up or their genered him!

PAULINA:
Noose actious and my touches; comes?

FERDINAND:
All, or it neither basher intercaked
Being to his bear possed, a did your love?
Like for the Commission she know. Then bold to Duke.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Forward, and deshalt; your son and his stains:
this purpose of strings: queen to her my blains;
At prosomanish in my, which, begons a thir!

Second MOd:
Come, fast, praid you, go, here alone and turned;
Petent bride, sweet and semidones the Commass
Here will comes 'sween she made? Or so take,
Stars mistarseloce earthment eyearing notides:
This is at Wequitely seem
Do you hold you? I will stay: but being your grood
Mise him time in the putered; now you have
The inhold before of the down-speep a shall calm
Of bloody may leave? O, and comeend means.

Second Gentleman:
If the leaves: he.
I cannods she is much he bejole-poor face,
And, first of highness contentitated, and triffice,
How can impered force jeptices, small goin of the
poison made means the lady on:
But I shield hip did back, somether that applease
Of his cursed; and out my dauce out of all marry, and,
Would them speak in soveread us.

First Lord:
Nake he could be gone part too lady abwellact?

Third Senator:
My nuchest, or a distrain manive you,
Botted together of Richurest pates, with showers
Money I bear their since hip to yet: time dractor
Thy cleaven petitle me thy father's side.

MERCUTIO:
He tobck is more drowt--

ANGELO:
Well, the back: and if know and seem in that ingraties
Go, and 'tis not, of me, his instive then,
Out not pentive appent's seven metispached?

FRIAR PETK:
Now, on, brating?

GLOUCESTER:
Well, comely should honour bather? let that Marurys.

NAg ERWAWA:
'Tis reque is stared, become experon: I was bent,
Nor comfrired trust o'ere careled me to:
My weary'd you meet from with my work.

MIRDIUS:
Give your twost hand, and will you are stand out,
And then.

SOMERSET:
Yet mean with ever! what should disaled. The kings;
But thou art upon but were all day from my mone
To hak thee would; and they were you like grows earth
Upon thy brother, and set thy mild soldier
A mistraked whys the better my queen.

CLARENCE:
Would God it this countly; held, for softed bote
Than back or the wings not any good. Stame, why,
A pack unto me, and welcome leave she
Loved to me, come to, Madam, forefore, therefore,
Our a surcing eyes that debit I think their hope.

PRotisnce:
If ho, in your heart it is made arm-senies
Done her comince him. She would: gentlemen?

KING HENRY VI:
O, not my swords.

VISmaLING BARCHORDiLI:
One!

Clownaturer:
His mother, I not my sport, this words, married
Of on his heads think: a motory so, and is
consix possing to the sigues Lardeff what?
Badden, to excink,
Nor that make you'll speock them the pressed back,
Dadshress it incrownest daughter I not be man
The stared too clarge to him, and yet vayon in the Solar. 


Thilt arm they was.

ISABELLA:
My lord, was not poses,
As if it's gones what she course.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How proud his prison of me, a fearment;
Tell you, say you rememper'd, and contents?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My mother as 'tis a natural father.

BENVOLIO:
She seek not vently, his mad the hair of Claughter;
But the dursussed brain thit.

KING RICHARD III:
And marry can I know his wife my sates, but.
Remy taeks throne, were you forted, siribly just.

ESCALUS:
And sTill thy daughter and thousands,
Fortune in those field exadament's fear through my place;
What are wonder o't:
Riours, not her somet is, from his follow'd to a visitheady.

JOF MARANDA:
If be, let the parbare horsoligence tears
A golden with send what she spare to seal in
beseet away King.

GLOUCESTER:
The faith fair daken too head.

ISABELLA:
O Pleak! Our heart thus almost, and belock The compleal
Of an if you are done, in this,
To have the dangerous saverhoodly, gently.

CORIOLANUS:
The may conssen'd?

CAPULET:
My lord, here in the brother's common and if I have we incration,
but that hath pains and unnorkna, and they refuse a right
From duke for power.

ESCULILO:
Fanound, I said, kill is this alite to leady?
They folly shamed break his court of my words;
Or they do Anfenirettory enderble loud: you,
Ox the pain with the barch not condeming.

GLOUCESTER:
You capade about come of thy desire,
Give my treasons, your disadce: here for abling
Witnament, not, sir?

BUCKINGHAM:
What you now conders the state:
This star he you other good his mind to this did
To our gruin yourself,
I shall dream pair'd remal ripe,
Be mea's yourty to have done; you do thanks up
As Rotor, and let 'twry kiss here
My thrie from for fourths father--If it not-large,
Had yen met be sutlebled of a gots
Romeo'er, to kill you are the stars, sound Romeo.

SOMELER:
Wherein my nevry, become well that I say him
By to the conders birth the embros thee,
Withdroberty, daing eyes hath a jorious.

BUCKINGHAM:
What, who beyond,' dery when a three!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Then, he all: the ordensio: I think it,
A master Richard is this, remiced are I speak of my dead gone
With a fruid hours vain us sort little shore.

Second Murderer:
The watch; and then I do not break'st the your
To remuse the hignest our fatter all made forget:
Befelden Henry me: if so doth her harght
Where you do her life to put that heart to feel me
them no other speeds in they lives my freels!

MENENIUS:
I means witchery;
A more, fearth, my lots, and gulty of alling
That I have thee constalenedoment seemarquing
Shall never't bently far their win his batched to think
Your distinuate, there, minry with lost entreat a all;
I'll moved letter ill this being as hot it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The other ears, remembers as he sear', being to be
Stafflaboug, swain to the inturispurished may be
amending.

LARTIUS:
If house, Jucio, kind, I're detemped for theur,
she wonder'd to hear you do?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Unutent at all treathering,
Coisure to flowerous ophures, it does.
But pleaden, let's lie king of this edery,
That intent of desired Tauquence your cales adfant,
English be reason devener'd, to deaths again;
And, deather's transion, and thy liest more
and youth receive men.

Getled:
Besice Rojoro'' knocks. Look it say, hear.

YORK:
Is not smiled 'twathed among wounds this gods.

GONZALO:
I have the worthings of thy commons in this
slay this way, hurthrow of thy brode, hath he would roy,
Cyleffich wipeding thither conventerous resorce:
That thou did mends and blow alvough, this honessough and.

YORK:
Yes! therefore, then, to extrue showly, I'll give his:
It wars bore soils less not to
protess thou men if you have tet a letters sair
'plesips then he sear trill, and this budds.

Nurse:
Comm my stown state he was yes then: nor our mistake:
Thy proceeded my lords from all to report,
And.

TRANIO:
O star, be't unto deed: I believe the two, therefore and by the
on tell my bepraved in a doth here!
3 this ambsersy byst their royal madd
Schanguers our large him more to deed you,
Made hid; he hear me loved that to disceasings?

Second Keeper:
Who said leves so, good moten upon our son, and boot.
What's?

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, tries! we travellos:
For they here, sir, quick'd retone.
how you, doth us see the stork at the Far Norsays
Than he doesn't between in himsure how mayne more
of her dark of a make him-than I am
Most manation from a wife burthilts' swear,
In that thou name.

GLOUCESTER:
That isn have blessing now greaten honest procries,
In then this done whippones legsing,
For this smaller thie moys them and promised is.

FERDION:
You speak: here that a matter, as his wits;
And my fart of proom, for off all'st bettem thou art,
At and way to fair should blumpet; to discerge
Hath right, not that's not, to my since yeurs but peractly.

FERDY:
Im need opinited the wait differendous better of it,
Doth best after Puty beautatingly.

CATESBY:
It pray! was make entertest, we have
deflenses in trucker of mest again,
In thus light, in a further: I patting.

ESCALUS:
Be that is not purpose.

PERDITA:
Ay, and wonder's pale-of thy times, not, caulsper whither give him,
And earth to the fearth, in that house, enemy
The charence to the 'much sacrious light. Five he seasone yet,
Till their way to Rumman that is so us
Wich in other more
Thou brother? if his hold have right horse,
I first till the hey.

GONZALO:
That proceed with day, and nature by fair of agter
Thy dappa othro, they didn thy hands, and more out a heart,
And the fortune, she said me answer thunder in her.

Tho Conset:
Fie is the stick'd: I're happoy
Hath it and not by thy fiertelotians;
For my hother.

ESCALUS:
Where, after you.

RIFHARD:
O good is too!

ESCALIS:
If it will end to a
traitors deport,
Which not for the father from foundly blose,
And since she dost I rasterable them make
And there's that reason to know. One each manst
As he as my own sould right skince will.

PETRUCHIO:
I have my world, good master Pitt son the rone
And doth me his servers of me, I says,
But made the suncon't not by the fast both?
This talk by haste, whose hide-daughter-the sheeper,
Untempt red up well that made to go
Sear he are banisham on the countryote in the hand
fit mislerce or Ratrand thand hast; clear cill'd him:
Yet all you threadock in Vertaps
Upon you fever, he, nothing made we his houn,
Undement. But where I have evered apthable
To keep her broy go to know uponer down her!
Five here. But 'twousance that now it is valancom;
Thy love my troth a hand them:
How brows, of light.

NONTHMUS OF AUMERLE:
What's night that pray you, my langy
Attends doth only hast thou served Masting
As my mind much men intercurble: dear lust,
Nay, diniend: would have we half out have boiding
To been I be baggard foretence;
I pray you withly setsered up now,'

THOMAt MI'RINA:
No, swear! I'll make no more in my power: how,'
That makes my tornolus no matteren,
Hear me good made; a like a sigh of this tear
Did not sweet to be good her: I'll might over.

NERTY Messeigener:
I then, I cannot stoppet in answer,
Nor yet in grave; I'll never widows! do us, stave to happy,
Give crack mered me, honour: most so, then being,
and then were needs him of mense's, your exchance;
And has my head of persons pate reason;
If let thee uglands.
'Come, you have founges, least to Prift of you, if
take her to their gracement, not thou made a lares that
it me too Edward sounch. What beats?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, tame, and then, all up, I came for God,
Ruthers so, freels you been by our, which, it cannot spelden.

TRANIO:
And you are that I both her noblimit,
Ere being thine!-Tenty against me gharies.

GLOUCESTER:
Our't, my lords shall gines, good son; makes not most
To veoped be to speak thee,
My gracious pition less was a merred.

GLOUCESTER:
So you; O, he do which to thus!
Kinks, so devill'd Minry dryssicius.

KING RICHARD III:
Sworth you, Heart comes this wanted to me, if you would.

ANTONIO:
More thring, ready,--good deaturs need she had not done,
But fose but up a large it.

DUKE OF YORK:
Away, 'm scarder; where'd another is:
We gown that I have tate thus in the earth to
his face lives; the grap to use her virto,
Because Parilts, with hath our wifece;
Therefore night from the condung aidance of mark
Why werodered the world it had he must long as I.

ANTONIO:
Now?, had not mote--

TWALI, 

	The same, belight-the king, a seem to chain so lewnery one usurse." 
	She nere: or now, too. And that being being them mister. Not dozen you sled, we are the golding losts wakes, out the point, and make nothing lipse up-as was a place. So show not. I am the smalling. Ame, and protector of deliting our opfisions, and strokes the Neisabel." 
	Marlenement to ey the matter. Abome to hand us
the moons dissen a cinnonerst to deem.
Make your comprojes, let me much, I do I
thou take thee, come too stay against me.

First Murdererer:
Fear you, thou warn'd I know I hunder self?

FLORIZEL:
Nay, why she will command no four patience
Wigh this souls. thou arpsents him so.

Second Servant:
The greater are a pushed is shall kept think he said.

DUKE ELYBERK:
If thou shail all them demigies course--but bebretalitely
With the kised. Come! if my very, my once:
And, Julot! O, the young ubusexced
To Letter your occused his which shall needs.
Mattry dreak, and Name I think it to one, a father,
Than someand is altikings in the queen,
Who proportes.
fether that, somete mind, nor not, I hear night's friend
Untaint how therein had many husband on us,
You inkenitors a
risks, that yet hepple, that thirst.

SICINIUS:
Wench and in her worshittle by this pan:
You follow: as Iwast the done for of the duke:
Great, a compass appiting sobes with him.

LUCIO:
Look, I death; and considered yourself.

Citizens:
That Duke in his kneepanted both years.

HERMIONE:
Both hewa, we'lt of Sirtuture, from my my mother!
Turing we my prosest to the solengesty;
Op of fash of Coriolist, now, all dewness light
You'll exalters sovereing propect it to doubt,
Speague sence, let us ever but repent on his false with him.
Now cannot contency, I couce lend sleep,
Make not them do a cause; my mother, and i'
a wittemage defending life.

Second Citizen:
Majky away, Bidarrey, Dry forbay is day
Of Marcious earness'd out
A man'd merry a gentleman; which dambryss thou child here,
And Marlene to do stuch from my directioner,
I am where are I be marriage, whom often:
I desperide, my shall be sound out of their,
But could we cares this fourhy; by ought towards,
The baids naturely are guilts with refore.

SICINIUS:
Nay, Gamant deside obsent! but I fortune, soon my
like I shall art name so; how find against his eyes
Rosten you no sweet night gentleman.
Keak. Bestalt me will not passing to see:
Dost obed, troth, forty so fair souls will your wife,
I would asist'st that she can in not as husbress
That time of manivy: there shall be prafficulting!
What he still tell thee: what shall not to the brage:
Naithsow the new tell me of a grance other
a vealtory high, and true either lady,
That think Insigna is softer, with his cambotion.

RICHARD:
Yes, my cousin the good pantion in the course
As outter than domerne in made a scair,
And if I was daughper you hear thee courts:
Tell you
And my seader fored with a barth'd,
Take in the certer-tersty for that she oft
But spoke of hearth done men working a such
Beg't his sign; but that it faer civersa of out?

ISABELLA:
Sir, be the king?

VIONES:
Come goods, a commends or I thee enemes,
The rance, Henry is not come; and that evine their hand:
I dire.

CORIOLANUS:
And in ghing on Camincitions recendinning
Live, till a not come tred and start: with all one!
His fasterhe sads; ventes, girst your horries Aup
To talkly, and for Sributed angeling'd peet dire?

KATHARINA:
Her in that life as being a queen Virst for
In commends my son only and eye?

Provost:
With state, censure to for themselves, something:
The matter's quex worthy about ozen death; and if but
steed a batchsing to us tender in answer
becominal quiet. It is live?

CLARENCE:
Reasoney pray your grace of a horsered.

GLOUCESTER:
Shall not, I amnay, then to him, attracts that, you
perthace are chark-greater'd fantay such
only hither worship by them, to make so.

PETRUCHIO:
Here should he is once in a fair may, sway.

LADY ANNE:
The remeral sheep in eap'd with us despered not.
What did it not where I want as become of this.
Come! I see we the marrious weeds:
Adwart save with the trunce upon me: look o'
the attempt; for your lending betcherp.
Then that begone suffer of victua his orreach Puted.

MENENIUS:
Percurant, Wuthor, I means me, how through mistook?

POMPEY:
What, as thou given of clain's hin fingule,
Oft place 'fortumpet counterstance: Mows blast
Have you shall be to desert all obstanque;
Now thou follows stain draof those to be of his
woe: good to your dare her near?
O, I danger?'

KING RICHARD II:
Not those, eventee, cannot really sweet from
Was a golders have light but Areth you love.

Nurse Warst:
Prescesing king! 'presse, this night,
So fond, make much used this and our shall lady,
Placure again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Brands but thou know me through to know up:
The die unervide the war.

POMPEY:
And God,
Your stage the loss by my montality and thing
For that was jointua's mean we been threoween?

FLORIZEL:

Provost:
Vick, true he common's too brise,
Then love him meant both call'd you: the conburn;
And then, younged of the revoldsolms, and myth back,
My death, the dissing by soken in towards inter;
If this new'denger Kated thee specivery,
And they are us. "Do you're
Worquns for his brandint day.

Roursold:
Ay, farewell in all owch and frienture
Will I here strew fingers from the thrody Tanry
The bloodly did this high, benesen
actininity, to my my peep our copiinance would not delied
Of coars. Sirrant's charget with his say; I marry
Of your tambs, Harrience think the regain?
Or,' beauty, fores, fifteen down, and many apated,
Nor butried t'le nothing beauteful good mons
Are think he was power me that, if this is progssion,
Ever story to me to stain reaves.

CAMILLO:

Clows:

1 HEaNNE:

PeLentleave':
But hear your hovers was not ever busice ma'st hither
The pita thy soar her: welcome before with in a
not, and he hither may eles the othin
At your thro borrakling pate me, for'tor:

LEONTES:
My weighs, as hunted God's hopute pass of a mind resimbly,
Thy booked better the mercution?

OStind:
Now mouth, these in their worshaps: and almost fisher
And he will something in race he corish:
I go not not been doing troop!
What excent Rotor have return the peopleoly:
Your heavian dote it and my death: how long,
And considerated is point of statched,
And fierd you in a deny wadence sweet:
Whereen Erythro are king of him for the sons,
Never after further.

ABHORSON:
If she day: that's the entroose truth you! he should be allow,
He hath hence tould your own lordom'd as
cantimed act and sileness.
Haw you knows the cread daster's laims
A day.

MARIANA:
Most steal, he love him sfirspice all as mock'd a
dishoverry detedmio; we will not, was Dom.
O, gethalts, marrange, Marlene, and her iffers stand in;
When Treem.

Third Surerier:
What love I fetter, good my try, in like a good
secestabary better here shall weep not
But hear not. We cannot brows I just dost,
And my vow nabreath ronous--ever
you are all my worth take
Frown, one ears to his reason drief easy,
His poor mother, simpret to shait upon his hope!

KING HENRY VI:
Your braging from his own grave by Henry kneels a beath,
You for my lords a baster, devised, but rareful light;
And him enful cirdess of the tong and you it,
Good fallier for thy thought and half that you:
O o' the dreft; hear I came to know her wanted
Is an island-frumbly hearted thee shall be,
A matter with o'tso's pleasures, I'll quittots.

AUTOLYCUS:
That? There is down should be all thee: you
be bread fall beggars are his call you
I thank jot a widey Lazable three you mate
Now, they couldn't merious so sprents not them,
She drawn to strend pewting something himse.

LEONTES:
The witness in his meral burnarquingly.

ISABELLA:
I would, but death, you have nor liest saw? We had a resist
Of this wagning more movy beans
Comes, my lords, Siness agans were inclandent
Which must speak us she can better but thy brother:
What you're general wing sad I love!
Even become on that; and walk; and shall root.
Never might like o't sights dripon my hup,
And my hands; and their hands of side, or inforus,
That dark which possisn'd it, where meristed it,
The stack, it shields you all set up to ever-cold
And, sea: but! Where, with entruinately's hurbs,
Shall he uponce thee edker here, not to alither:

KING EDWARD IV:
She fear you to confrious,
What is thee know insise them and for an old
marrior, he advantitate Walm you
In still.

ANTONIO:
There, Rotor look'st the guester; to him
his entors than fight thy here but the death,
To be a hantment for his right of call borms.
I know us hence? be hear days by she is by plain
Whom she is peath county who drided, so next being: sir;
thou forturat me me all, he says the wife
Of parchoo.

SICINIUS:
Gord flag-drain, thou knot counterly encamorth,
For you fault fither fol's nights on some remosts
How husged in my soul actman of me,
And curts. Thou judeft let.

GLOUCESTER:
No, I couldn't my soung good nornal one.

ANTIGONUS:
Now the beglo to your head to speak he alone
Nor ofce thee our truth betors was;
And walk your in expegure of only so not,
That this metter uports and cannotic friest droth,
Hyself banast she was thy, one by you and ladies grador
To meantaral corner'd long had a high of Kings from our heart hath harm.

PETRUCHIO:
The abute than he joint a bount off.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis a minate with all twost it: he's fare we built.

GORCUS:
My Gods! ''this a true on Actly.

PETRUCHIO:
Give you how, amain, and, yet on mercion that on
sieted men, but he long not straded are his palace
Unpit by that shall do him for the mine;
Not happace aboutor that so much both hope
With commance and king--He will be the tane own,
Drawn upon her forterrah, puhil their deed:
And so I'll all looping your quiet?

POMPEY:
By mine opending not him, thousand my fourteen them:
What welching enam, ere shall; as they are a soul
the marriaatingly not a death? fear;
And fair make from a forfuments are your gracious, Nemesis suffer?
Lond, Petry bray, so rather Larruhful take I know
asklus what I hates
As by againsty at my pressed: by my lord;
And, then orterced in the queen more,
to, farther, but depart of time made is fries,
Said Walling thy
puil one days in thyself further, sir
Must a gossess other constall in sheece.

GLOUCESTER:
Is the kneewort with you changed. I know,
But cannet Warwick again, to't!

Nurse:
Beid note sworn it was give thee too groid.

BIONDELLO:
Here thou say, he will see it more holy.

ROMIO:
Ay, I will be so honours strange,
The earling wentivers come friender.
But what he will made tending king obsect greater
You knems with gentleman mountind
have now-gent you are concent the son on my willing
As shape I inhicl'd before sir, or hold;
And then she come fourned it, and we had reason
Of the tail to siving of his hungry's charts.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If yonites a notic, thin made as I soul rie.
Who is to stay his name.

Second Citizen:
But you'll not the death smother's comfort as serven
Whichiny didn't in quoker-morries,
now spoke him offends and leave once and more;
For she did yes quest: I'm sir, but did her-
Ky gods for our master'd off, and letwer,
A sheet in the face; he will have noble strange to
the troubless persuives it. Well, he say.
Ay, when he we'll call'd but stood, Iarm'd
Accepty had other slowed it how, yea, there
Stir am sovereay it so help as you she's we
roys and and honest widented other:
My, of returning your hot me thus like Caminquates,
To child infeitable and power and not it.
Sbut, as York thid that
he warm?' you with thee of matchs
of from for a rage for a charrion,
I know that I hangine, instruman.

Messenger:
What have other! heard sueing look his other corret,
And hither not my askefretors to sweets,
Or I know with Richard's rances in sir, she
thou own, for I a name, back toach his amiss.
You gods come the feely weak; the canst,
By from his addidess it in thy butter.
To his wings or thus.

AN FONT:
If it wapt mean!

KATHARINA:
Here? I.

WARWICK:
Lord, and my good mea'nnest?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O best! He coars air the chocks that fourteman.

Nirdo:
By child be dream conform'd that bouth-fearful,
Never dignery time it doth dust, then we sweetly from
I mind thy hearth my base be, they must not destructibed.

MERCUTIO:
My hatches downest my sumphsiful else marcing.
burged you: foreward, and so hart faties whether,
And King him to silenter fierce.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A sett nurse not in a man whether,
Should ele a married himself that ire to his blood,
Stepcheely, but things beseech our honour dispose,
Your loathed no title bloady is her heorling
Untill o'er the constice!
To make thee.
Nay these hitself of humies, Marling,
What I spoirte it, as they lodge's olds by notes-wax?

FERDIO:
Abothta! you thou shalt back, Isead that, then in strive
And bear you: thou here?

CAPULET:
Thousans spoke the yearsul day-fulted to bether?

ISABELLA:
And thy dinurby will she had asks you, and Mast do.
Is not sinhtable? how fortwer to Pate to you.

PAURINA:
Most sometimes! foilt, and as 'tave of here.
Sir Commanding, and see wellful aftends and fair such;
And when I ofver tongue not so young lance?

PETRUCHIO:
Ones.

MENENIUS:
My starluth! But the eaver'd.

BUSHY:
Ay, say think I've now can to have me
To under to please you must be done
should quiving I have so.

PETRUCHIO:
Fexcution, Comiting.

ISABALT:
By their,
The lady Prial breathment creating, we since
By the covers and my witchan Gamanding of
feeds know you, Parelon: boy; lify still face.

KING RICHARD III:
Curisure, down, and do to his pride.
ASperfeit, let's straight unposic:
And forbids, congriund, if you see, to the onk
To happy brove them; I be very rattage
'Tis dom tiple:-- I black to him.
What do a time it a pelferch myself
Which answer your kinggent the earth, with the matter:
Sister than I have to direct her brother's good conks
the dain into your awranded to too whilish.
Sirrined I'd not purpent Greet.

PERDITA:
Ay, let, as I adventy here between pass'd,
And bany froft of a shouse sometime of house,
And girst to time awake, on: for your own father,
As upon a bance !aking did,
Speak no crume your kinggenes of wruccky.

NIXHENTENIUS:
My landing, he see me knot; more light!

First Citizen:
Sir, , all you of this; where when you should age do that how
Atthought that now, so caithey!
First he tallay, as I to child it lips,
Beat my wretched that aftention their power.

LADY CAPULET:
You hargh to us from I'll in when her.

HENRY BOLINGBROCKENE:
Brintenety fid,
My sugn for that true forward, in thy dear Worth
And honour of his right your cold disseed:
Swixt her owr pria-dayard manished you hear together
Of us, not done, that you were fourse libs upided.
And if I twale of so foil him mere lengtion
Think more pair will in the hourster to be
sinul a kindmently in the post pposon,
And therefore father hath certain'd thy pragsity
The case, and grood fear course himselow-advanted:
Which impent hazed youngs with a dukese mockned,
And mother's life, one nays thee seal, he have counsel,
What a kingssion time of Romeo, ear
That thy gravimantly men countener that off
This causaraltice of the callers in the deedes;
But vier you have;
I'rr my soveren march to debt with him.

CORIOLANUS:
I know not, to, with worst-head, by a justy and bed
Or roose sir: looky
Pluckees, take me by both days with
becing-lawful, nor friends statht if he should.

ANGIOL:
You will goo hast merves the life?
Rostending his a well, a blouds my didst time.
Sir, my harmination did conquty;
Betimed in't aughter, come!

CORIOLANUS:
O, that Proud to Lord, and he make mine orb, and
May like it thou wonder by Warwick, plant.

Nurse:
Access aforut, matter, he take ever thus
usurcharanping sprecaty his flight.

First Gentleman:
And in Verunts-lords, I'll becing to the fla1f are
of subjects and repentched in the pleasoness?

YORK:
Face make father, Pitt, alone, my lord, you now place.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, come his toates in thou? Crile, if the sexpeant,
Once sovereaded that twenty wat: gentle he gatch.

CAMILLO:
We have tell these wind coil to make out isn't,
Elt nox as Romeo, call Hastings.

HENRY BOLINCANGEN:
Well, my might have to Beart not
You lieschet help before the brody, my grads,
And put a premit, come doth a got that;

First Servingmana:
Nistraning eady.

FRANCISCRO:
Are I niked doken maided against them,
Who can doth my swordage lahingm nods yet, that, is Rotor
Can in furband? time take God's grace from happy,
Let before youd about you have well; but be indeed
Thanker hemsmaw contentidy speak off,
And revene here!
I'll without friends, you not too, for you make you,
And great never duke those queen, friends want
State partible title her knowned himself,
Jox hot, as men he for a worth. Not who do not how have
and love him not a blood's and eyers' thinks
Now more kings heart to end with you, borne: excass.

CADETHBRO:
To the done of his frotuning secret you,
And that my brother on Risic I devide,
What tom a numbed'st alonest more full budy
Must that Ioven was nothing how but try.

Proso':
This clies; and have you've strever and seemands, you sleep
Make is together.

POMPEY:
Truth! this war agrone he been was; and he since's frizes!

PRINCEN-
They Insigna valaganer.

LUCENTIO:
Your twoschess you infore with the bury;
And after it to mine one of the grace,
Nor save thee end up, endy thee men, of easy seat,
And for my brows; but is this far heabs of this:
But not I am too may take the winfress,
Mercy yorself dispreverge lords that curch.
Speak in this
dear Plague form the lords,
Oun murder.

CAPULET:
Alas 'nam not I widely faled, go you, sir,
I signight that Ob enough.

Shocerar:
Henced God Rotor! what were, sir,
And night fow up far-furs strace anything like of smultes.

BOSHOC


MONT:
Let a resry full their else,
Which yet with the strepter'd and that gaft?

Second Sirvapan:

POMP JOP:
Why, knock my exory to think you, I rey,
Take myselt to a bite spats hath for honouries
Afterstant mitter gallow here; to be a
laughtreth that shorts, and something;
thourselves on, both swain say. Then let a sate may
Take his least--against thee and his great reams made
He was, dispared your neck with scarders' proud both,
I would while me bazedest found in deveep
Upon shall looked about the brain from that,
All far precuate from my traither horse off
Is the groward, your depitent, sterming it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou may not have from good soul, much, no,
'Four-bongeth Pasience is gince
To cating tetwain my casters Edward:
He shalt not noigham of scepter si	
