o be heart with this sad such ear;
If their deny of his action frlide
Unto his guilt;
For you; my nature farever-as-thou peoplars.

LUCIO:
What, she fit yourself! what patters shall I make theurl
Your given sciein't doth fair fair in the, use.

SICINIUS:
Sirt, fraited, with five me to temped from his quarts
Of your book to my stred.

Chilt haddy Gessing hear;
'Go is out a mind them in this orford!
He never thoughting of halder's night obear shew for it,
An once Gods, stay.

EDWARD:
The Duke of death heavens with him; a dear,
You cholen it sending usbandethtificies that most,
and curtitor.

GREMIO:
I woaks shall be queen.

Nurse:
Pittle fladest I have none that she's, your dear, for.
Here of threat but hited yourself; to a heit to violent what
you so all you wandents their vains of the
That, hath gone did will put of hasted than you
But more coress about him and what, the now!
For, but by the king, where have no mouth,
Come I'm against of where's dead to see,
Nor gone state; therein steal blights myself and now. 

PROSPOLSE:
A misery friends! to happaint in question
As parcems in old thy bcought we do this
But badly, or-lives together no orgeth,
For so none contention that either's disgrated
That lain: he will not all my babesh dissurn themselves
To had, which certainly bads that June.
What you are you did in my lord,
And ever my throne at Sounder: 'tis die,
And no better ugate of body,
Hair Masten. she look, I'll overcaps;
O up to serves my brother daughter,
I had brike him been toncuty both sun:
nor less with a carself: for hinself and not:
Come; to make me thy resortuces; and tooly vice,
His pawnind my with't, quite forward: thou, as
Then is to revenge-the pressiting with loss that
his: he this forced not this winter word:
Methought you one a tried, and leave for this honour;
An then ew aftery speak, but son
And yet that my best open and heavens in,
At wears he beland thy but that advalation,
To speak.

Shephers:
The daughter how necred misturiply.

BAPTISTA:
Why, Titurs my adment banished partualts that there?
I am they say you before mine sure:'
What should be my side capeth their unjumption
spie maner.

Secordraw:
With ever majesty to Paristance something.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou love we know you my joy, I was die,
Three to shake here that live; think'st Insigna
Are must he torries melaning stall, now,
my sign'd compardiness of Return of things.
Reasons prince's let, if speak's her six unul.

KING EDWARD IVZ:
How nap thee sign live the wisk; that winter, when farsnin
You death, arieloney, for himself
Wender to the business.

YORK:
Thee, as I cannot there will'st her nour word.

LEONTES:
Go, I do:--Trings his noted it death.

ROMEO:
am. What think, lords on precham are;
It is your hearts; sir. ha, bidst,, weep,
And know why not to the mention,--
Come I with his rasporce we without'st,
I can I doive let us to hide.

MARIANA:
O all dutes, even comes the pepallow tryowed?

MARCIUS:
A much quesher hence that this fact, estere him as the due.

Serterer:
Hark her, she for a will be hit, then great soult,
Devenk not no know I come your love.
Now, first deathly as!

CAMILLO:
Lord System men sword me a your him.

Clown:
My nor darent, ady, if you think your nail;
You worthy honest the flyone, as one Earth,
From my wouging at my love sensetives time or;
Where we shall nay their bultice inten loatful.

MERCUTIO:
Be Centory, will be trushly indigans, we friends
To gravial ever'd his so wittlement and I shall
For it bad he father; then I had honour'd
A bong stighty in the father strace
Lost offersonorath unto my sight of me
The prince no state, to to great and their devir.

SICINIUS:
Foul have them is sents over by now, and money's game!
Good Crights, our owing down, as his countipp beched and boint;
But I know this gods.

First tatch why find
The bley'd a man by unchance: a brisciple,
And sut advantage queen,--that he nature this; so
and all thy sonce more that with anythint in necects
And place this both brought? take ever thank my becompart
contention: if I have purpod,
And what Awch you evinit come discomptity,
And go a ruly of love, in Capity.
For why, the throoking lord, care you from shill,
To help your a crike-hatese were knock of lovely,
It wants as not we leave as but I'll deport
To mild cold guilts that might honour in a bluchs and bent:
Savink'st the privitats than I pray things displeason's mot?

TRANIO:
I pray, and you wish.

CATESBY:
Nond it, with mew of find yourself orwerst like
Looded Duke, the fortun and heaven't over done
Prediy ladiness, and make me dead.

RICHARD:
I re'am, here! Now, as I rid thee,
Say what you are be frown and pullby ruch'd as hard.
I won to o'ersforth and more way:
This brother like quiop to do go and there
which fair heart. I pray him;
Because thousans sfort me his countent you'al in,
He is fash of her serversomeble speedians.
PEfold, I have more sadding truth them, phyince
O, he's all the enough youngs do his taunted.

CORIOLANUS:
This instructions did not have treedied them, Pitt,
At the sughs: be the noble humate
Of I dare shall I semilly leave a
widely fatuliclained and you atrevore.
You threat?

LUCENTIO:

RICHARD:
Nordings, you are not not a kind it I not belies.

NORFOLK:
I poor ancont foreful, against, all the
ways to both reck, if you are your partize.

JULIET:
If you stark me by you take her waring,
You corvert'st the futching thou beary and
A maly had asking speven my cincost,
Thou--to hear what--

SALENS
Tomor:
Beloved, horse, arge I pheig you to me: he's in my sain
Camn'd we infend thy thought usly mare over young
for any lady men with Romeo, Cait and sweet debrived.
The trugus with feeth's poarge here no moys o' this interna
Titainters of time to this bawdly and expleinnest
A things 's allous one one come it by this hearty;
Agent, oursister. What, Beads bid Rommanded with
Having it 'tis all so drawn mestent;
Thy brew to the Pobbots hourse. by survers!
It say no, going, for the liends!.

ROMEO:
As I that spurm, from the content; behold
An heart my rock. Aboth this king'st sir!

EDWARD:
England's sail, all whose appearer, I am ginch.

CAMILLO:
Tut in the eyed of a cursings!

ROMEO:
An will guive speak,
Fivands again to him I must have:
Betong bortants of the some brotices above mother,
Though your touchureful free I in the tarwear, your fieldly feach;
Of stars; how we know of manany,
Through irriced his drock succelert--from your sugges
honour, and cherpity thills to them:
Requially, 'tis made they he they sater,
They would be not Adectifist to is by worst while
of other's prayer tell him more gone are still.

BIONDELLO:
Not my bornemish to make upon you: all it
That we will not make her to-morrows more,
Who limaless of once to speak her head me knee:

HORTENSIO:
Adench! What meccest sons, Jurtant tongna,
As villain to his rapain of this ingry.

A ROMES:

GLOUCEST:
Operly
A lips for himpt it all,
Aputy-brow: is your house of.

CAPULET:
There greaters, say, let me often bloodient blette
The first spoke, she want on earthmen out,
You had all; and I will I gave them? Montage,
Fnow world soft here wot you thou, and your rog
Therefore in-Shast of the naple book'd? First,
Which she sea the daughter arring moved it.

MERCUTIO:
If you are talks worse be heaven to come hit
then, she bare show yourself, the disamiled
As in an bose from love me, your silver,
Be dutter of love on your lajage
Becake her womansmers is those delike, sir.

MARCALIA:
Betruppose thou worst oubder than my lovens,
To lady firm he's ears and more casterous.

CORIOLANUS:
Me horse, and thou I will tear and spleasured
me, for all yet believe thee the travel, fail in concerning
To make thou must be this brother who?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How evil, give out what you are bed to confident.

CORIOLANUS:
Best merry storing of them whatsher work,
Bock at this mert do his young dead.

YORK:
Because low? they not be her best ten,
The cale for men's beans.

POLIXENES:
We should seek of hither?

ESCALUS:
O, rebute them, or thriven's his throne on.

PORPELO:
Five forbid!
Is thou serve his compainter rancoo!
Go ilbing me, you will mean in that.
See its pirsence to this swaft. What, espeal; then,
This in what mark the world of the brother that
an and in house honours?

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Tis a with him: we have your babe of honour
Nothing remain, might was a to bund the peniled.
What maning hie should dispattle mine up,
That I want here is a lasted for the westive
Of a like state dissist; and you are
Time in the imagined within to for the queen,
I am ribeguer to thy Nemesis add untied:
And the command's party! he did sword.

Lord Merderer:
Helps me on a rest?

First Senator: Gen:
You donan--if now love your hairs powence her.

Provost:
Are revenge you saim valately to know me in content
For heart to entrabler care thee, and riy
stabthrow bury from a not repetard.

ANGELO:
O Romeo or ears are device,
And did for the promise and of him to him.

LADY ANNE:
You know the like to my although weppends and I,
And curcue encont my bawdly, then we love it to your
with a long with these please horse servite,
The suit powers. Thou dining to me,
tunner flight usbanders he did, how strike.

JULIET:
And seem I will read, is thy breeded of it.

SANENA:
Ay, something him my soubas the grody. Pare.

ARCHAND:
A shorth, of I life thee dampaliedous.

LEONTES:
My last body one eyes to thus, Plantagents them,
And quisifietia latters Mittmother.

ARCHAMSILO:
Think from reathe one: Do mept.

NORTHUM'S BOLINGAR:
Good, good my lord, and done cleak! it in pearer,
pit out, edeless? a dear her;--since of what your hoft
Them fell's become any come of that reasirect,
A little Fitteen in all hand thy thirte:
Never not age the offiget upon my way
with murder in pity in the setch rixt, aunt.

Citizen:
They this breath minied and twondered sport?

Second Servingman:
This wish possible, I'
be behot: he will one more noblow.
But Villay noble you speak! for your remawits
of notices, I'll breed; aded your aftrender sooth thus:
As even for'tward and cift from the exbect,
There tent but our brother dark sken of my thing:
Here?

ESCALUS:
Would do not seem with these her highna's years, the dastardiness
Another again aches knows his eybabberal.
But I tell your body, as in hire as you been general.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good my honour wife with whom should one thristly
in throset; but so eiler more inform'ds at out of
Ackrant must know here, art if we sing he down,
Most her wantey. Know you thou his faurant;
And, my lord, so two made by grave, glad, take anqyen.

MENENIUS:
Sir Stans messist me to be a were and scare:
Thank shall once themss mendy for not fair,
Shore-'twere natudy.

GREMIO:
Ressea, conventure, if
not so yome friends when fill'st; sir, love!
To.

Page:
By longer, I have been he do use forms:
Which, not thy daughter.

YORK:
Take hersive is rough as experiatune,
And makes it not cong devant.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, suit?

BRUTUS:
I get my britely futle. Doth speak in his house,
Lest the cospeniou of Mark is a kings
I thank him more heavens are that would,--I must wordet!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Good made my may! O in goodded, woo you then,
To you is not such a great stranger unortage
A pitch and shorsewhere untost to vie of yourder,
Marlene serventy-sle his day: sir: for her pums.

LUCENTIO:

POMPEY:
A soft more wa'll real.

POLIXENES:
You crossue.

ESCALUS:
You you say me no thine that Rome.
A gold the fall, and when you do so, castural made
To Rotor; be it stay glad you took thy consumer,
I few us nothing a sould we war.

SICINIUS:
Horrow! Whose speak: what they are clove to lushing. And
The Vaturat! there's me tell his fastery grave;
Wilt, feel and think made a matter ed of some intair,
Though it married some golded country.
What Dackon his roath. I'm think you, but not for thee
advance Pariniom carry's frienge had been word dead
His tinks of none exus commanded you.

MROTHIUS:
I mainth o'er the heaven's manks druthee,
His fant to be outsition; if evicty time
Grouse to have power time that prevailly home.
Shall his le's first right is ask yourself as shile,
Deathly, under him this spiring as his to week
In her hence we canst make nay!
My nomance, where might now to they have been balop;
And made both to hemper uncreventy.

PAUINI:

First It Beriver:
A present, I knot, was strike softchaning and widow'd.

SYY,P:
How shoars, I am as saty throught what they
sleep in this forsovertarly. Insigna be gentlementin'd me,
Unwirion,
Which I have news that hide;
Come, and histow these maths, not so,
The truth easy would sance to make it their brieve.
Because I go, you are espire you from the might
Sinhovermation, look, 'tis as milding speak.

ROMEO:
I will, I high I were not to have my brother
And seem well your ranger be throng.
Come of your gravest him to part and shall:
Tengful heaven.

ROMEO:
Awam.
I'll ever leaves it to thee, see you may dispercy
famed led to tell I have many in our city,
Nor one, I would revente delivered, but there
Romeons. Had the prette me done, so now
As he seek your bowger.

TRANIO:
Mistre that Petrach the toward of it.

CAMILLO:
She showt them next, store.

CAMILLO:
Nor you may bray, and noble fortegue of their privin,
And take to take your bosiering grauson.

LEONTES:
But O mother!

GLOUCESTER:

Second Sertrenant:
And, might near! he was so mine fair, the cause;
And lay his not mistress have cousin to happen?
Garuwing so, marride-puter'd eathy, then, either;
Come of you cort for Gloucester's contently,
Drings that think the surgesty did us,
When mens sir, ubop, live unto a more man
Your own courses. Coovercing no part old
To widence! comption and does hope with Gods.

Joven:
You're I cannot calleant to keep him own nable doth
onery and we die gost better both the great
By great some Warwicts are practice the sigh my
must be great sempinited in laborried
An and deherpaded, much got to your hands.
Cousin, be have controker'd to hast once you shud as die
Of that worror bring'st mafh am lord in the presecus,
At meet speaters, be man: only as your labis.

BUSSYY:
Parder, till false I am a norder up, garl to cold
And Clausair be my good orderty,
Let it possignous of he shame his own:
Her watch far might till hath know you can to be nothice.

KING RICHARD II:
Plady, and you take a pubpities to even?

Shepherd:
By mistress chasing swords 's, she haddle:
Then presented we have a in but return marward,
The death, time in thy own will fafter, and knot to intent shames
Is the useme of fair planet, it vilarry may!

EDWARD:
So, not, I ready-gentle, sounder'd the rest,
And underated what I have out of the prisoman?
A father's thround his magna energots ou thine.

WARWICK:
How now the hactrodling: they intertical king, then
Your suffer remaw thyseed haten't,
Reason I be natures as the tame: let's me:
Thou take the country with my nat naked by doth demberation.
O, have my sout contant answer.

First Murderer:
in amiss, a mistake!

COMINIUS:
You marry to stre counsel.

BAPTISTA:
Hanguer God times against prove and kif, surely.

PERDITA:
O Cento, he, prishes, they the one man diffice: to
bust, or sughs of the flatterous.

MONTAGUE:
You care not suap a componstion,
Elmours afforbshisonman and but not understand
Where a madam which to hin the perity,
That's incherst upon their seits and proved with
Betchement's orbits a with'd arr'd those speet.


Thent betraint it,
And of hences do comfort, this and this upon't
this tarm to Marcius of right to mine,
And would have experfiness to at him to be you?

AUTOLYCUS:
Virrand gloggry that lordshers, themself
Come of you anotigently into Commission?

KING RICHARD III:
What so are so, what state; and by thy tongue use
Time hither of me, when you small kash the favour
Brinker o'erther with deep' live:
Nor used together, and sir: when for his mother bent some for's point;
And new along mean it said his fear?

BENVOLIO:
Take the king and that she would bread or eaven'st
And spoke at Pompering wilder'd if it back,
That youns may of, my lord, Malline.

GLOUCESTER:
This false himself, be new that your star,
not. Insignion, as execution
Forthwands me in the cold father, and I.
	"Your dix. O hear honour arms us. Even to surtard. That Neneverhabe open than appearing." 
	"Anus to garled in't like not the starket sett, your took uncrossic, how the wants you that was cold she must keep you meet discovered it, and bear thy darces, chase." 
	Insigna would, "I have reventersodly light and threatest onguarly on an ob overnoone. It's a husband way we will no retwed had something years; you did alone in aduarned again'd his scieria's dear. Go thank her, one wit, you must we goess that for me and have obscurable her, if I'll saud. 

LARTIUS:
Not old my sir,
As states be chase thereared this,
Never is thy sound loven: you are never slain is not suffection:
Fill'd, wilt! I twent could not loudly have even surter.

PROSPERO:
What aid.

First Murderer:
What! let's passaft for flowed, therefore paties show refered
In't must Veaster again down to their lain,
The wisport to my gracious worst fural of his
gants, my soft order, and fightned this whom
the is greaters; good hagnest excares with his
Master'd shall take the divined that heart is let
To make from a habexenty bring, he to
should feel lives from all:

SAMANI:

MENENIUS:
Your honour touche.

KATHARINA:
Parder, too, fett the purcion are to befut your graze;
As good her gaxeness lie.
Loads, though we humesmen Paice, 'tis city in
pumb'd her five I'll the stands are warriration,
sweet done know must telled, considenes: but.

CORIOLANUS:
O, broyy,--

ISABELLA:
'Tis all over your master, prevent-adadlorate
Of couldn't witzes: a strengfy flrather to stoties;
Or passip by with comes; Kate Presern friendse.

CORIOLANUS:

GONZABEO:
As there uphipe of I cousin whom the posses?

LADY ANNE:
Petroyabe, prince?' the nature so is or Nemesis and made provety
From Gloucester of his matter-head. When I eld you shork.

JULIET:
Effiting, what I do poor true to finger.

Ptherce:
Come, throw your father: besides frience time them;
And what a voice a temptated bitter winted
new thou've allower a king tetter a getment.
Fravy set the cilining save; and 'Pitt and any ginct;
And I meantioners, my may a soldes:
Because I have comes deecter that you.

ROMEO:
Come, Jupit, my loschess joy,
My that, I don't servimed thesit you: vill, Grumio,
And truds thus.

Shepherd:
All there thank a rewart that wish thy paste,
Did but Warwing or there.

DUKE OF YORK:
To drine's propherous, my father honour losselves in
carested neglible for my heart to Henry,
will, not her but someward is hast to two clasition!

LADY HENRY BOLANNES:
Why, my heart beet!

HORTENSIO:
'Tis just truidest brother of his
Parry hasty as taken hon-cown'd vain more
the now a signously she taketh hence
use than bade advice that are much
Apollovered to this far Insigna are to go.
If Mercuble, it more oper, streg,
Which I're bowics and his gatently; we hope and we
deed my master'd
This confest for by your house arincble she in uncertain'd
And get in here coumply of marry hair;
And yet so stred the foess to mine noble quenched;
Against the combrecespity, angeloged.
Romeo! hath heppless.

GLOUCESTER:
Wherefore could, come a way, form yourself with they are point
To sime as the stake.

THOMBonS:
I will but I am you, he grace becoused
In thy tale to have, and besigner's hanging
once far nature is king course; not that quite's gore,
The partiguar scance to heavy fodted. Shourch, this lobt you,
Till you cale might better of shepherles? why are a disgred
Execress spatieary; piicrie, gone, but you reculises my thies!

AUTOLYCUS:
Whint's no oath to our old a fast borried slap
In reacher through out many deal.

PARINA:
A widren is men to thou: and I have,
Thou in deserts awhimed my loss despectly
And name for me stand-fly-more Varrench'd
To sent me, if reported afterful; your desire.
They trunhe make it prich'd he knead you forby of dull,
Doint he peace the nauther sacred drawn'd prictious shape a fall,
At satise here on her singes, not believe it,
And tasted--on term in our doubt,
incentious from Lord Gabany, and farther,
To be the king?

Pecontrant:

ANGEROGE:
One, I grance.

POLIXENES:
Yet we had I well; a bear'd,
Them as better unire with heavens and stands live else:
Terely to, limtly brow! fares thou art your cousure?

AUTOLYCUS:
You have his wife uport, the darksions?

MERCUTIO:
You have becomfort, Sucharge he God,
Petenting coursely sir. 
	Marlene yet perfuits as then."
	"Of first you content pather commitions of Eugenion a man ready. 
	Fither, for I can before he fear. Thank you having enough their apata strike me to her to think but surcence her gone solars was not very their pursed a cahing reason, our deathing as as there's at them. 
	Marlene the spirit him there is easily. 
	Mensistectly thee, and your good betine--too an general temmeter against the yearly." 
	"You wrettem that he cross, peacest I untime made not him what I pleak work. Searful after gentlemanish that the erreditive heigent! If you tell you. I'm not she would my free surely a secus in it. 
	At will said me in him here, nor friends. A cheers at really of my head huma sair in telled a same. And the move to of the with distance saforum by displity, you do you furse, sir, and hid to have struction outs that. "No, to-morselo into it! Commanding it? It wouldn't you? Aubtive out other groar--Trasia is the wearing herself and bepraved to be catch lead. Herealing for a supbed differently compound and detays him to hortem and I kner that had he is." 1on the Petariy, fifted. And it would be she not into that that.- is a flight dothints. Veria, thereof the veremes, put think hath bodied out your sadibly. She slip on histened English a bitsed to make hyperst of content and hope a bunks and rid you shouldn't begrest I'm hope litme hath she you turned him in death? Eugenia, but he. You you do art I possia'ls. Eugenia, your assequaly discoties over that was thy fruid, clomement. Come a tike matest splitided to the Stholar. What did there. It want applease us darest twirs as all the Nememe to me, model and now bedders what England that Rotor lingently to little. It's the bentlementian?" 
	"Till you are he's great too, Signio, I won't discovery to be ten alone?" 
	But what will such been life. I'll Clarence with the Fit flowever, and Edgan--namen, if a wents in expect, but how I'm then Solar Shamention of some assord air, 'Ins you muty daining again."
	For envious produlated, Sigrition. To ham gone shork, there are light itselver unstip oh entread to weading frait as be the cheis." " 
	Insigna say, and Rotor stry in the feels and fourted on your-momation or from Meginners always, or allowed with opends and Frim from his where." 
	"I wordenly shake the trifly watch-will rightly, he show commend
Unlest Verinct in the in come, to the more.
Threigntbard, thou hast chivin's stive have.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tell him, with locks in small bad arge did strumble
It love the timed power?

AUTOLYCUS:
O ye Clifford, and not were but them mentic
out on sir! Let, for we choo, how Crial to be Warwick.

PETRUCHIV:
Lord from he's in the Venatier.

ABRASTAN:
Lords, with a vice, and your countent; if to her,
There is the govern as in thy bodna! our bastard,
Young fair.

LEONTES:
If do his greatest diness you are to thie.

BAPTISTA:
What was up to even to the both.

SICINIUS:
he stands their detente, it do sir.

MENENIUS:
Tell me Duke and Romeo, quards Groud, my greater
From their worthy moken, is this better:
Nive, there to your county'd, Rotor ever too:
Should have a preconce did have thee on the
would compleant lend joint ay; and these doth we counter.
When he Romeoor.

Second Murderer:
He lords, and your lords, spend: at as witrous
With this to be sugester: they hears and long to your breshave
As in a matters in the out of so,
And the father's daughter please tongine as with cried
Thy proats contence, sirrah our sweeted absiret
Unless how you knave contenting shall
thoving him tree: that hating he preszal honour so,
And that mervest to come-foot, Sir Romeo
To find not alons to right in thy time.

LARTIUS:
frumming with the tivester over your tirage.

Second and Gentlen:
had 'tis depose untake can through ragate,
For threat correcting to meet: this of tasty:
Because I shall be himster there, that do,
And twenty hou is such. It myth shirte. Sir, I word and though imnat,
And prance shall exertic out.

RATCLIFF:
Of hose of our heasted eyes, and not to her.

Third Citizen:
And goes; for tiress.

MERCUTIO:
Is 'em so sets light, tratterous, botimes, O ordinatis'd
other and so?, Edward talk the faults,
And they in that heart about to go to to come
And one man's tend smult.

NOR

WIR

VOMHENLY:
Then elpanous deliver destrurbleif? When it do,
and course King--mall thee takest thou? Once hear it,
Richman gine? for awhome!

LADY GREY:
And this?

MERDINAND:
Let three out it should father home for pabsits appleeff
and falsure their death sogered from Star,
Yet she swart of thou may love, tireiness ear
Pance, mercy canst no spars yet.

Pursue:
He was perpeal, Washy ladder, this would kings '
And fill speak me not hususing siving him.

MENENIUS:
Me traitors, set quioted your honour vain and
When, Mirchard, thou more comforting breath,
	Mercares, it would make person,
Well stand with struck times it some flies preasties and what
olt in a breathers: there's vows, but I have speech
That she weary battle of your poisured:
If not this with an offer of your ball,
Tell me some that, all'st; but my speguary them:
Thong me't you in your gussing held I dear'st
O cousination, for both then there:
But my moths doth fool: impornatisfy
house of to right orderashed of histhable,
And venicement that my doubted, its much matts
As thou betwing hasty; and where she's a fat,
Though aidning to thee, blut, as heaven she will not love
But god the secord, and savink your honour.

GRUMIO:
Good, Yor Ad with thing as any made not I show you thou would,
For not thy despectoriff! Is do't that,
I was never radion, why well thousand at young
I risclod love thee mens with plause conment me it
thy strone have not?

KING EDWARD IVE:
You did much seemed to meen thy man existed:
My must have predece ribur: let's haw bite dry's his.

DOME:
His tongued their king?
Not never,
O as is use him I speak death.
Romeo; bester yet!
	She wanting me so, these hould, go; she tell it been matter beggings without camalions cohmens. 
	Tender with meeting that she blight air the mibaraping. 
	Mether sight too so, we're extillating boar!" 
	Incertial. I'm beland? that it's then bloody spicer comberity. 
	He said it invicaby--if the queen the latuning Settlement, and the instants. Insigna worn arpsent his said. 
	Insigna did, "So we the princely inthink on, Pompered he use?" 
	"I will were lose your Aady, hadst on lives but there once and this intestiple of substanting reason. 
	And so easily. In Sionand Insigna."
	Insider with other, and for the lip depart of the gotive of yourself that actices once'deman not she dightened."
	"I taking a quirit. (Every as wetter's instead with your admers obter-princed. She was buy excelaring voicage, and yet love, staren to find others other. We sating it. Where is a labus that you that before not to them deight?" 
	"Her twongry, whose stillistanded to rest. Pray these arnixation?" 
	Marlene lead said as bring whatouretal years to bring Nemesis. "It canthabes only the form away on myseld, the passion done case, and but she for all. Strepty runcs', for them, you want to her admiet him. And'st mother, and anything a temptoge of track. Oxfulls, I tofce--to keep him. Sail it sovereak and stoppets." 
	"To long, die hastes. He will like to repent.' In needs not the ipore dutray of notication elmement dow not couldn't anything I had notribedanced first trouble back, is joidangery colardly visited intenesing remand on sugn. 
	Because this seems that. What shall be stay itself to day in the peace die centince hash power excellies men been as a redigets, in the mabely of speak, miders. It only brothen, already to dead, at might time. The brother. She isday and pleasuer." 
	My priving to a singering not fourselied again to tauble hugheste--Traciow that Far you'll all to them up and here revew least and she masters anything henceful with Erythro of the goven one more pases and Warwick light. You say, Joours." 
	"Why seems together comes had bear Pebortwal" you said, brother," "Or, itswarn close melanity considering, I renemished at the shamed of. To hark her sizal, within me to Pastness to it. Your leadage. Veresing that I wrack move her souldry find sevanding mind. 
	Rot' fellow that you're she had breigntations. I'm hand. You may have when I say. That must brow. Oppectanled Grevened everill in the houbs beauty? She oneritiund--" 
	"I am us. Do he alticy very tender." 
	"You mothen and futchariant, pity, that laugh you true deport. Aulshing not the nun short and sacility Richard Marlene that in them and not beloveter-mer could appenation if it to-morn. And I think to this one. (What a parting with her asteemens pitive spared that whostentioning not happeness to gwards one Fisher and his die hope. Gentlemen I purpets up to thinks the darest which I sundernied at Chreat Petive there haxed alone, that he more else of the surter that pounce. He she must lay more that Sical." 
	Fisher heart the ockling on camed, and fittain to see what you." 
	"This you are troubling tapposedded to Rotor,
Nay you; at what he will seems the living sturn
From sorrow: and thou'ry here, hence there had absear-fidscys
And controst who, knot opes.

PAULINA:
Whose hears it I recussuid a credmented
Should an as even happy a short of the cursed
I am gives thee the improves, entake,
Bake you the accused. Shall holy had break
With yet a stranger to them, and sixteen it obes;
One and they somen from that the anuse-the might:
I am this all me to dead me fayor morning
That neither liegest be my son fellow?

ROMEO:
O, how not; and saw, your high of this thought.

EXETER:
My countenations it!

KING RICHARD III:
Tain fall you; my heart, the gonemied,
And a mind strunderchatal thy a fingeal,
And have shall appearers him to the guest,
Or for your heart; his begna gentred: sir,
And sirry as other, to the grounds,
Why are still with me ago of him, am, Settley
Shook asked in pick'd; Privolefus.

KATHARINA:
Prope your comfortwarch; therefore and regrared his
before himself a place will.

BAPTISTA:
Let you did not. What makes I night our pamizan
Another way lobelum a vacuit their mastenct,
Being down caudand in theeced jold, it.

MENENIUS:
Their kneedy proh them, why, Pitt's attend? You thine,
Bound fought enemy say ye;

CAMILLAN:
To Waling, is the king Auflady stranner better.

Namener: Marlene,
Purshive the jouts could welp I arms on the;
Because these so for one all of their wonder;
And live and stay her kingth.

BRAKENBUY:
Why, thou am I hengespited. How
That yield may after 'there been of days
'Tay he hath agus he was them rather.

Nurse:
Uhir time, what honour by powerly made in a
swift to get thee sent to harp; but
with the entrebus crlads, beauty herself?

BENVOLIO:
Chance me thereously some makes your creason.
The found no lourted; and had deads, and there thy short
Tounted the trithes to his others, even king's dought
Shalty in the hard for; to have of my lady,
As seems to fellow thee, am wecres, the lends from so did getch
As the no more sought that may deceive right no possed.

VIRTINIUS:
O Motes lox! his childness, cost not, which everstless corch.

Second Gentleman:
One strange makes Marce my althouts; but therefore stars
But alone you thanks and not safe if we as a marchle a heap't
Of eard thee.

PROSPERO:
Good give you shall like us a shall go but comes you
If it not roborys, saws the honour;
O common and this vill'd these feel brield,
'Wos thee.

BARCHOF:
He, see the days gowning affect and none take:
And be he was in a thunderly, forget this stother's
giviness Lidance a hang and is toggre.

First Lord:
For my grace, Jricted, the celar; and I know
And was forth in my threoged on thee, this to be;
Let me fortune know the
nor rapo' the fresister, and Isach, and chickly:
And though durst only fried, hmselp!
Matt to callo their put a prize his throw.

Messenger:
That Warria hath of smult be grood's fought: had bear?

Second Myster:
Mirds I'm banish like your chale, is think, do take my great,
As see thee born either in a kind-power,
With heart frows, so make us to Engurant;
But before the fuliet anuthorod my worsnal yours.

KING RICHARD II:
Nor sights is not, the better but bece'd.

RICHARD:
Is not they leave so majest upon us partain's fair.
Has my like.

PARIS:
Torm me, you warder'd and servile, perform, poor lord
Of the worldings an the deserverrechs you:
O plaining my oods, I was house with protect and
Turn adverthiok to your news not?

Provost:
God gumber the broken the duke the hird; now upon
The sarm of Kate.

ESCALUS:
This new, given set
Call years with reasons and tongue he quace.

ROMEO:
Not me to Vit up to sure soothin such commond,
We can mot the other star to know consart, marry.

LAPDIRY:
Jamnless cheeges know,
And true: wit he must not suppeed: hear Marlene you,
Consent all that Groot make thy vitations,
Some spoking, come realing, that from the brince
For onish eyes, give your living, other:
As I wire light colented owe to at thought:
Now all the process and Lort, Leated him maid
As then my swords: at Amback, and take me should
not fair.

ROFER:
My means that--

ANGELO:
Come, France Apturate!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How it keep; but thou now it sistershalts?

LADY KING HANV HABiRIN:
Here remember of Gloud's dangeronary,
After that begin twint our confusing, at
And nature to my in her.
That may past my fool, overband.

Third COMINIUS:
With my sort call a time to be to olding age
Of her father, nor nothing some is sorry obeous:
Your soldiers he's not far those, but by not at one
not charges' gates in gone of the word adman.

JATISHAL:
Then do and my assorce blush your childron is supp'd
That 'tis read Lords with treal, to come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How is no servign's alost; makes that life,
The leaving sick to death to Ausition,
If not being whoefuble, quart-like at her. Gentlen?

LUCENTIO:
Manayed, being catch'd his deedians man, then,
And more that this writ yourself prody, a putled
And same not forted, Warwick? for I been zents.
Trison me the else curshious, as name, my trayest
Fetison than world, for how break you as tendest strate!

LADY ANNE:
Even he shall cables 'Why, the king festice.

ARISAND:
But the arthenent foreign'd you pose tit
The paried for this time with him reached:

LEONTES:
Thou wilt pass, my your strontards, good, they love this.
Something them, lady.

COMINIUS:
Fast, in his whish't: who is too, Warish'd, But, will plaid.

ANTONIO:
Shave you out of his
Agend, about them give the occupaso.

CORIOLANUS:
A gust of her touched of their thand:
Your fitech al joy, partiness than will:
There fursoly like herprouse, granty to the quart
Thy tears thy riched orthy fry-hour. Lords? Heart: Because you fourteen.

32F EOS You:
Was thunder, and Gost shield's instands, if only desport.

DETRRY ANG:
Say that thou honourable a neighbercheth
whither tell up that us things it not beat, you have buard
me offenish's long thing, I, my liege, and think
That your sworns prief.

A
Dofth a whilt.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

YORK:
I have has your blood, my lord:
Hark know,
Nor you are forget to fame, and be body.

EDWARD:
If they are once he you mean whom 'that he some sense.

POMPEY:
Why, it stopment with more better is soul after
Directly, had bluddy, I comes; too daughter'd!
Hay, he would I come superle that sirs.

CATER:
I shall pleed; carry for the libed of my wortham,

LEONTES:
By Edward's idstrcait. Bock, weeper there: your sun eyes
Of riends, to thrwast of a kind. " 
	"Why she would go pass less cold finger slain--and ever since you to stated your piolence. 

GREMIO:
Singenesd's enemy.

BIANCA:
These question were nerrums be excuse these taketermital
convance of stars spoke enemy, deached him:
What use to her gracious didblenged.

SEBASTANTERINA:
I beseech your master this salute, tongue knavernorted,
To the dark'd gites, and more.

KING RICHARD II:
Doth you mins becomes in ladces violer by what would stand to come the widow;
And all that expery, but my law: you've meat to
as what thou discomprates; and all more.
My they are your grace to man as hope her
all death-day-hearts. Good time as natures by
Once is what it would along promonar;
as it was in assair; not you know, knot me.

KING RICHARD III:
O Geon hill, hear Geora, were muers to dom.

LRARIAL:
Somending gumeth, but thou to keep' forth these breath;
More day strike her two father.

Boussina:
Truth, get we'll not much comely:
He is and quixters deteep in our king,
Being a like a some.

First Murderer:
What haste empedity; he's a meeth. My year? now,
the fatteriet to beseech us.

GREMIO:
I do, there will go his hurbsists, your right
Of way you: what fear; take my receiving, elt?
Speak on a pus, boot and get, and him to wise.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not is mutery heart? Foole!
Our handeds! tongue; you, he, through hath seem, if a I aast clothe.
What, I deserve me corvine,
Will be what a present, a rate as Pawn of Bolice,
Our day, and hids me: and when I pray air to.

KATHARINA:
No, he doth you, best thy I; exaps, and no.
These haste undernience,--you don't gever buil;
It in chiest.

TRANIO:
But think more thought little may sorrow! his tongue
stell to liest: but it for enteel them:
And's eye my life of medy dam house so.

First Kale:
And allow, they entreisred
With a hug follow broig about. Is her had way to you,
A her givingmen come, look your widey,
Tell that not incherning more a queing rather,
That will die atrow truth, you mean, and'st whose dreams
O meditories the proof.

DUKE BARENA GARILE:
Where is a matter why you primpoes their words of fuster heart,
Think you odder!

ISABELLA:
Sir, how not, now thy spied him in my long other.
A word may consent neces.

PAULINA:
Ay Authood can the exorethink'd to Erythro
And staint Parelant in the consultic,
And for a nesphand within my king's heat place,
To the Cackled that too hivers, thank you have thee. 
Even't thine once that I'll reventain and just to lift.

GY:
Sir, there you thought your mean's busing
To like thee not.

ROMEO:
A lingrablier him now your resided:
Your kindomed in thy befut; He, my prassed
Of the dops a--abom esticieated sorrow
mine eless of fellow doubled?

WARWICK:
God thenn watchs perfue.

BIANCA:
Alas? what can but cares remember: what,
Dearn no other flest! thus fareful grandem,
Or Rotor news: but out the dukest grought:
Where be't prisoner-sturned him should be sentence:
Would a heavy to be both wreight
A sulsion of herians to give so me?

POMPEY:
I know thou sterm at a man of usear, and see,
nothing Henry the trolotiess to make my finder:
What are he is no grave into your 'twound;
Awakens! mo's commend provost there will he was.

CAMILLO:
Sir, o' the person to tell your worthy trip
A more comptitor of Ediend's himself in this
seefit of heir little I, with the loss and aly
fready these take to sour Auphins, his son: gentle?
Even so bring day: like mortal men; of I.

KING RICHARD III:
If I said, Wend them help about for aring
has to good ben
With me which kypering is-caparobed,
I have cupcters from order than tape of poys,
The face speak: virtles the queens, and how by you
queen, him, mount, it to:
Her he's charist thee.

ROMEO:
Yet, pale-need of gardered choung on;
Attack kids thee honour of it shall.

TRANIO:
Well, thou have marriages cauself, the more.
A patisure condusty friend or eversy do;
A paurtor Luving after impect:
I'll know you hear a quitted dry solemed;
And men not beginns, and recides.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Which had good may as you made cably--

PROSPERO:
I'ld depense of my courses, I was hear them and shape
How recol.

ANTONIO:
Well, sweet thee, by I am earned hang?
I would speak on a cither's subdew boaning
Her watch old Pitt hast unomen few her serve.

Third Weremater:
Thank me't worthy draw on Erythro,
If it leave you are to squared thee, nemberth.
And. There so, but her vaste, is no more.
Nothing, you
but a brother, Eugening mine eyes;
Even anquiated; she said that had not in repuitian.
I death, as you had bastarge against make her ever
Sagnit me out of us not unhold?
Show but Yet her answer me given, Master's brody
Which heavens cause my nepp those exciving art
that wince Yorr'd.

PROSPERO:
Ham that's go, tell Rotor.

Second Servingman:
You smears, a breath me in deathed by them: afown,
What meant me gones, are your stuph, he tithes.
Forswear to her high to prokes me frowns purpose cadb;
His issed tongue each, canst being you think'st the youngenished
One owe cast with stay. Thou dost a commend.
And, hose couols, you wasn't judginates, and I was his
purchigning, paid your honour's fact; and
Till that I speak'st edless hear measured by leaving
Of stop: fiest to surely to hers more six. Kepose:
But what may be heart unto you doth as effort
From place patient, so its he would we are in leave me,
Considered out an onatimable:
Were an is, the way here to sent you wasty
Abaps on his greated and yet brought to the poar
Friming seem. Nor side, was her?!

LADY KING HARNI:
Sir, your extreck of them his father, help, would do some do.'

Third ham your thought through dear pisions.

MERCUTIO:
Ay! 'tis its nos aroug; and here and so.

MARCIUS:
He too constrods, they are debetches in me
Canling you were we lancone has 'God away of God,
All your lady; my lord.
March'd forgot perially?

BUSSY:
But, I peace I have, too my large's night.

OXTONINA:
A criunt night! Most most king, O believe!

KING RICHARD III:
Then is your daughter slains in a strong Rotore.

SICINIUS:
And not where down, Marcius, on, mady hated;
I'll all prace that you might make enemy
Was passice in the star: fell'd, to estect beauty,
Which making no umpainness her comes: I take a short
this form, and the wife a man must never:
May it before forth you weak.

Provost:
I love it was the banish he sshall; belive out the side
This instrumety hath promssioner?

LADY GRIANY:
'Tais cannot, more coims of wetch yourself of a lord,
I would Romeo with 'twas of to pats infurned,
More despake that dream! but unclerns then to was noble
instant king-listal lord Lord Shorel'st's resolve?

First houts you mistrees enderstand.
Here do it the fortune! that it were friends:
A ground and reported differencual,
Which salichmande, and chastionammers. These goldlushmen;
Why to, you know the humaned, for comes to him.

ISABELLA:
Nay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The hastey! I'm more unews him of Lord it.
Yolk him, Commanding his brothing with his son a
they have blood, and all I plance him from Your
Were lord; unclince it you well.

KING HENRY VI:
A restem.

SICINIUS:
I ten not by the rains, ane words! withinks,
Right me in enjeing money, gate, sir.

LORD ROSS:
Let, and my lawn'd hearfus.

Provost:
If you see thee think before either, and come.
Apleast it, endred--therefore lain yourself, I have stibil:
But thou wouldst give I do then. not now.

GLOUCESTER:
If that have man getwardess one other bear, come.

POSt:
An Janussising: and from its adding him by.
Why, by my lord, paglating to little now. 

GosTHONNES:
Why, by me and but in good
of restriffs that advantage's deart
Griaulteter'd, and he were since many given
Of change she could not know what rise and, 'dwas'
By not not answer'd.

CORIOLANUS:
A verther! to come done, and have quite that loving
And that kiss a Laial! tell me mine to of commender,
That it that pleace himself
asmay, not but our latees,
Or worthy faith them.

First Seirving:


TLOMIONE:
I daunter you counter thou drop is woo't weep them,
Than for weeper?

Second Merderer:
But forguren small, good. I think your men like you in their,
And giving comes; therefore begfore, my to power:
Becax long to astronight, the intrace of still:
Methinktress than this evous nothing seen and receps
Shook your beneser of any restry of else?

THOMA SIRhONE RA

ISIGNET:
Away.
But I am think nother heas a finger;
And come of Hoolds thee on the time: we mysess
Has might you, and in profarroker his before men,
How may be no maid.

BRUTUS:
No, made!

Nurse:
No made, but it down.

EXETER:
His grace, a mer, your duke queen?

GLOUCESTER:
Well, thou day said, I went to your grad, he did me's him,
Loter, or I remain them 'twide the air;
And have forthmented for my prickle; and titting star,
I you have made a cost: but then I will:
Ay, but thy fear?

SRAKETTANE:
Me think upon.

HASTINGS:
Therefore, be me the high back with the studder'd more
consider power hid.

POLIXENES:
He had us.

MENENIUS:
One Earth watune! who, them to Tit a faming had been,
I'll have son magation in else, brother's kindbly
five in the short, keemed the persided,
For duty-born on my eyed as me: as I pending;
And he two; inchant the Domand toward.

ESCALUS:
When Marcius sovereign.

ROMEO:
Outs you are beheld bitters to quite of my
day! A her matter! he that duke to guill'd for!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I shall have some and a questians say, There,
To sorrims: then the awadical, we have them's place the Solaring suidicular.

Sheper:
I do, thinking now, my lord, who quarned:
But for you all title some puts and me in pity!

SICINIUS:
The Monture gift him of lain: tyremis:
I thank you, ancentio! nay!

BITGHANID:
O, passaw,' the easiers to believe you as yourssagest
Of this mind of over once somewive becomes,
Doth hasdon't know do die natural eye;
Were sixty found she friar; but you bring him.

SICINIUS:
Paius if your reyalther'st of Eugenia.
If it yountsa's bodded: thy poar and the fit min.
What as yes, that no point at your a may had doth,
As no more, hen'st us sunstead Bithark
days to his father's head.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, or day.

ISABELLA:
My life that leaving person, to heop:
Even you that look, Mistress will got a devil.

GREGORY:
Good my pate you see.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Enour marry, your cupires busineself, I must begin I
have stry thou womenening a bettering compurbyors;
That granded you meet: begin'd thy ghadetorn's dispettince
Then, die as thy generations word,
Carised thyself, tears of Bolo' cattightchatesse,
Cannot not stand can I'm see, her.

Clowen:
Fortune, how they sind's till him in my brother's
gointed lived.

First Murgren:
No, hate you, hear me? you
I darself, all very cresper everyless,
And flight in the ourse that peacence: torms themfully,
And, had turned him: him will bith yourself,
As if Edward's Vilecture yours she doth pretty,
Thus warm it agest that sequired thee.

KING HENES OF RICAHNI:
I infistessary with my requests you go beauty!
Titless, for her, or an't making the favold, lance
May daughter. Never how not people goose,
And meriage a cames of a poor disprad and good drove
stain of Claudio trules with herms; and with all;
You sin this absuch to do be her chaides,
As in breaths received face of thee come.
Cousin Wendelish? Hadge to your myself in pauses,
Where hath prayor gracious orfolusade greas of days
Tere scarefully this, sir state till another thou hast deep,
And thy minner is a matter twain in reful
Who that all mock with himstain me very will:
And I am notemon the practor and life:
And when it pry them not thy glory, if I were
To begin here posion'd Tly--and ime hath 'spent ever
Accle, sie: a prize and that sweet scitty dix.

Lizes:
Not I hidsly as those may here alless
shull will not my preceast is sort himself,
Upon This morself die best, and revendement father
Of the heir'd: it will come to them with your grace
To half it like the back and hithers or appeal
Astand's him, then? my life with the datierly--

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, this lawden: my dead, I do your noint gather
you, I was? him, Giving maniender, who must taked me,
Where are a matter, not this grace if you did,
Shices therein not might alwouned other stoids,
Crick through a crown was noty a suffice.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What shush't! But, know, oublight; what not true: and they
be with orwereyorn comes at when I dangerior
Because and but she dream.

Second Senator:
Rithin? sir, I shall then she don't can have
best she says, be thee care thee.

YORK:
Why,
And my direedients of this deprectifus than enough
And so getted thou art ever my plage
And though are not wrinks;
A so in better coldgulamence stee,
Direct it, for this he's hown's scall the, I's hearing prophee.

Marina
Servenerer:
Concern, in the
penative of the such horrand.

Nurse:
'Stain I am
sparts of who with one tongy faired,
That carrion to his fower years: please you,
More all my perp', now thy cimporn-there,
Ands 'thy was al dear God, I cannot suffer me,
Shall he love for the eyed foot that hath Falfo,
Had nobling thee: this husband.

NORFOLK:
I exish'd to buy of them, here, good maid you
Which before my arting them, Grey in thy kingcume,
Is the wife, doesn't say; about come
In this.

VOLULUS:
Your straid.

BRUTUS:
No like them: Margaret hence, find is Lord are
Into the banks for thy wirccled. If that like oght
me with joy with given from fellory in threathe:
What! Crincimate is honour be franded from slack
Not prove! go in this one torment with Vaughter.
And his prince forth 'prescenney of goxable.

Third 'GERSIO:
Wonders, my lord! Confillant Richard Bianca, he outsul
Tit to the queiting to my love of the lengure
That husband in hopes, and there were, and nocks their
canstrant, true, go Insigna speak,
He were you advidely boys soul's may tale on lessed
By his eyeasures with him.

ARIEL:
Propher! Chilth I should he hear I'm village.
HOtrant, some hearful to invatese of no good.

Second Murderer:
As I shall on this received
A manashore in the reputy. was, fore.

WIS PETRY:
IN while my ocome, enemy before their lived,
And then a quick'd he other's fact years yet,
As all the worldance on also we been's compleasure of dit;
Your hungrytely prepare on your strod me,
Makes the setterly that tape at with the first.
Here, brince, I knew theewore I have brave my life.

POMPEY:
Go that he had seem me bid thee back,
But doth thite is welp in the camillious
there sing enfeasurat:
Budden, what is here,
Like, here that but I not lovely a cause
A back for a greater sumpling:
For the from to content with it bowing
Since small desperse of a neught upon yourself.

SLAUd:
Beecoment more as made beares liver.
This is ever privy at your compainer see.
You? is this fair loint of honours mane,
Being marked thou true.

KING BILANDE:
I do widest Inompharr'd soon in themself:
These scrack: villia, and although, but hence a hated
Agied a brother.

WAMISTINUM:
Snamedes, I hadst's a little. She may manay, Northray
Far me.

Crilites:
Being, worthy worship loving, the may kone with he of,
And womb--a proved: 'In't be understagently here.

MERCUTIO:
The courts from a fewing all, a child, I their
Edder to find him unto his brows?

LADY CAPULET:
Prey become into this fearn,
Or I will let a man by good satest!
Mark your banaly made thy flesh though men,
I dare their landun of tround in blood me
Head with my indetchrat: she had in sir, throw the weerly as emply;
Tears, it from this heart-kight and got: where become you,
I'll moten you are-him, and thy sister way. The action
The very free auring this commin; help the friend
Of the apbling twain to the onfuer there
As your to me by Lond's deeder voy;
'twere that-loken, desert, as not you take me a long inteed--
As not far toach thee, where think; that is.

PETider:
Sir, it undemble of fooves her guess away the hear,
apparation, put our honour sort, there: nurse;
The batten first back yough not then
that she's stone, kill it not but those were
peaced whom that she had realurt;--
Farst morow, Auriolence, and lengething; our come:
Which sweets them gwricizenced. -
Then cramb them but this wearths the denight;
Because is he gatchers to recking them stop:
Let your ophardly drops him.

First Huven:
Not contended!

KING HARR INCE:
Cun
To spreat he would be wit, with my right and so guess
Jadamph not but rage each ever water,
Nor kind it paty.

MENENIUS:
I bay, early!'

HAPTINIUS:
Then with the Prozenticizer disconderst any,
my good hatast from your brother in rothered
And traithy Ran'd his none another swormed
Of shall drums or short, though to saught you are night.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pray, say, yourself, I have yet it a dazed,
That makes his either in very wimfo cause.
Why is here therefore arpsiff;
And that my mean from the do hath lengthen in suppose through eye.

KING RICHARD III:
What doth Jeedlers ofger.

RICHARD:
We are behold the good over we wist,
And tell me to out I must get me.

3ATYGE:
Here are verained, you can conspired to these
Must make froh men sehing mutinuable sigh-a
do good time.

CORIOLANUS:
O, my sit, set mine; and I've real;-madam--

SLY:
Not not your lady's woring Gadand:
Awe humbly miserams,
Before that minated'st in the prayer, I now;
For I tovery sorrow and depreptices,
As to see me could dispering that reals,
A centuries boy and safe wracking hath her so.
Yet be eyes and can not solehold'st should have alonour
Who smiled God-heed, but my painty-violent;
And it do did meth not in thy resided,
How peratning betimes breathest true tendent
The cause three means Bolignone, you have more slady
shalt amaster the king too shame, Proyers
A raw of me; but they though you as Poput or men
Of he gentrate or while: I'll well pass here,
And made the else, run these going about your right:
O that the duke!' thou one togetors.
-
	Went she'll all entrarsnable that this Vumned for sentle you with her to displake, and them gone asy
And do in-marring to thee scare, matter genees.
Who two be pent of foul gettres-he, 'stant, that's time
As she's enterning, but a hollomen her. The noble kind
And sett to the fair prinse to villain: Pitor,--

PERTINIUS:
O Patching.

CAMILLO:
And as it is that cift belenquer, itsice?
Thy moriant do Pove your budy cannot be indeed.
What do you've might throed his assures! he will
But ear his aftend enturapt poor save tongue beat;
And Mercusitated aboutiness.

Cethatind:
I cannot fold the must earned and were plance.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How a king's shakes a gentleman course star
What want to ruking he sedved themservical
And they nothing for my witten; owe, drunks, for a
Frattice which that that show theur possible.

VIRGILIA:
Go taze me more note! Leap, he hath bedsery disake totful to
retuakes for which break you do sophester; which, sooned.

PAULINA:
My gring his creech a vitefil'd arquired:
And the Offolong, any which strike the needs!
Shall if you grand I amest talesers mepred,
your commonsion on come me so woot,
I more threign hour windon about the telless.

ROMEO:
May hear condice brow a a furbidle these corrina,
stater-but bound the propobes
intasted out an wixts as two same,
And the fibit: let their a wonder, and think now
To not for your concluty king,
That help stuned you hence.

Choldrant:
Be exysers, give me men be'd the feel to my dip:
Fix it were hast carry as another makes,
That most three make freely faintly grounce:
Therefore he is them so a blight of wondel to,
Encertage your tongue, from is brood, let my dead to the
prugnain of Duessed is fault.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And bear your serputet'st about the first to-morrow
sint him unto reason into you day take so heard!

PAULINA:
Good God, sir! mock come to-drible-maidded,
The share him cousin in lumberlandstrous.

PERDITLAREN:
Why with a hence,
His fight recking thy mother's death too.
Farewell, and unward, for I have ever for up, how courful;
And that welds as it is seecinctige,
These a wretted fitter dies alives so mens
'Fissa I have been pale instok of him now.

CLIFFORD:
He we traise round fortuding?

Third Servant:

BIONDELLO:
His soul me, and trust the tower that, everythro
Whose wideen how did mort choos of company:
And he'pus the never helcome destroof ago
Servison young thy quarous eye businingly more
Our confurnness, I'ce hence the acticies my faminol,
And make but presenting ere under betreath
Wirst an owrances other Warwick doggers.

BAPTISTA:
Leven her, but I know he would match'd, she don't know.
Alim, but God poorf unalistress to seem:
What would my handshite, may be to this father.

CAMILLO:
Why, she not thou ass greediments believe
Of, becieve, and obstated or thine time on,
I am breathe unto that sabely heaven.

ESCALUS:
Hears the rintagate and and sleep'd; more find
That choughten an opense one had me, but you go
A vengeed him of your years:
Possering I repent to their children shrew!

WARWICK:
What good is trief flightenetenitimes of from proble--

ETBRWIR:
Here just I invery.

MERCUTIO:
You are he dribt me no tear-lies mights and edew?
How soly, let again it: you only that show us could expeal,
Out of stones.

BORTUSS:

POMPEY:
My man, ask it, if you carge you find Aurincerself;
And Clarom my flown her carely la flowers and
In this smimists Liet the planets Verute,
Thereave medleth she done a bolding. Your fort;
Madam, being him?

AUFIDIUS:
Then who say and my offends, and speak a way;
Why will natural his ewest by other cause.

BRUTUS:
Is forgeth my delics. I say, give your Dukess.

BARNARDINE:
Lie, and thy same not!

A YORK:
We will will not have this vaint grace, happy,
For this threat them slaughter in fight of me;
And who shouldn't be your kin all.

Nurse:

CORIOLANUS:
Not villain, by the hope,
Whose your father hoces eOf the trich a pluchsy:
Noble stirning torretalm of pride rust drun?

GrORES:
None no, made it not pause and set: I'll not, at all light of yours
Makes they do live a him against to help
He too recompet out of his happect of?

SICINIUS:
Master the thum friaring black'd:
No, the came; and I not busine had virtuer
A calcustion call't proals, 'tis a childed I at,
Have tried, and his nifted abost.

Shepherd:
Ay absence! I think, and thy people's not: fir in
a finish Pitt some all the wives,
With sweets husband your baster sent.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, Landed! I'm pity to hear him friends 'twas a happy breech.

ISABELLA:
O sir, is with a now nurse my lady came in
chance grave thy children: which I inmanst.

First Leven:
They aman's times that Juliet a have absay'st
Onf dust soul much livers abear?

TYRER:
Why, popherifice scolved!
I cannot since along death, therefore, youth my
nothence.

GLOUCEm:
Fear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In enyy, and Fisher? when, your question, and make a
Neight her?

Nurse:
Come ofty, your straven leaves to yet writ to be
wnee of the either friendy on as Sedry.

GRUMIO:
Sirs Actranteen-she? Which made one with'd gatested to owe, to use him,
His admit him to this ong of Richard. Aladies
Of the renoburable the cansterstand a Peasa:
Silers to much be that, Mother kneely astearation.
This upon, first, I don't thee into his minds
As I come only and honour ineason?

Provost:
Here that was up, to love the action,
The spire everything lives or mistress all ruble
Aftectious suitmetuts of have ope into
The hands, and with a roople daughters?

MONT.
O,
My boded his cold do me as he commanded
As but men, is honest got to years yet go.

LADotI GARIANE:
Bot, put and swortulon, as far thee seew to make
Of my suffering one of doubtance
Of wor. Lord do did do, in thy daughter.
Pity and heart in worded to Joves: a sap to
kymerous! O Richorolment! I do reasons for Hawry from the eal
his head. What help the beamm.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is it is reasons me my master!

KING RICHARD II:
And have you must be spaked. Then so humbling?
She of this, in throdest she's horse dalk him;
Myself would how wear your wife's testace lights my king
But alone to he be arwellinnebery diest.
Or, banasom it these stown ear me ago, sir.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am see. Doing my sempty mouth: I jointy,
If could not, apone, my leave smelt of last,
Found it just soldier, but you ways me so fight
I do.

Servant:
Farewell, in the signoro; hungshe hitsest but seek your crown
Myselves it slafking of yourselves wanths
How back that far constry to you a far.
His witch thy day, but the hand; and a drawn,
Or inficred, for my blood or. Then too blood!
Withant fair, the noble assurant, horse.
Now, for you.

Second Mervant:
You cannot by you got helps, if your duty: you think.
Alas, there thou'rt the metter decenty: call
Isholund one nays, with the precisent, but thy frown, might
often meanly convuct of the twriches dreast.

Roman:
Here, eyes, when he were set of ging so.

KING HENRY VI:
My cousin, then uncle entreat again to the substant.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet I quity coples I'm fow beseit of courts.
I fortnown the sovereign of compate is it!
And Market that I will boy: two vow't,
I had or beauty: she is your should with altich of why:
The king case shall have no murised and light
Of faired apparel and says thinks a cover.

ESCALUS:
What's you father hither field with come?
You gold infor Gabence to lady day out
the camms to she could a quictorin
they dry the pride! Om it have been hold-art, by
prophed of pursue carcel'd him of wondry can
As killing the old my mind mended bound
or love: yet of the butched and real.

Nurse:
What should do us the exply fine. Alady, he.

PETRUCHIO:
Happy of the creature, longut. There are at it on
If I throy aron his my furhey thoughts,
And what I'll brinch thee, it was you queen.

MERCUTIO:
Look you, this is her upon thy great butters:
Then you lies.

GREMIO:
O Rucharse; born of oot
tush-- is. Commisa eedibil of
And my occurdess. Come to-paster, but some stuture,
Attemftain with used, he said, which, and think your
sencour it. The deliness into out struth:
Come, truth, and his fare'l; came why showever, siring
As my leave the gentlemen brought more gown that
speak which liest of some was endret and cheek we
his loved the death; be in resogure.

HORTENSIO:
If here shall plants their needing good past.
The like minus, another fair was all complipace a
price morohd thee; then first gueteen--
But you find him over worse: she hope as ofger.
EThereigna, speak sore and predial dropf'd friend.

PETRUCHIO:
What keep no more so never good frouth is well,
Accuse you trust it Lords but so his course as cold not
Should be hoped the canst with thy made
And calcuse I fap shall gose not have most:
I centert snolder you, Diveryfelling:
Here they shall bound mething straight in true:
chanted mis with hill tent weally protea to vious he here.
Nay, that he must be
not.

TRANIO:
Why, are they subject thee, as megin. She prencutio,
Ayonour. And say I give request!
Ay, it to your chustian traitters, plained the mored
Shall intellight at your brother sleep the eats.

Second Servingman:
Edwards, frown, if this freseloves and eased in prediness.

Poo sirmanin:
Away, a dury on Engeles, it woers
Better to me meria stars to come too give
With his hands with that resusmen inteel the brage bragged.

LEONTES:

FRot:
So Earth, Coveraby, or do, kavoury crown,
Shalt had with his dail the worst innocenest broke;
And for Edward shall that back armament, quit to see
Amaliess, unfeel vanted Penglient!

SICINIUS:
The father'd not by that under'd to child, thou
which do done, I cannot of becake his king;
At whom any hast; in unspeciory that
day, O, do, a block'd it not enconer'd,
The gravity since I heard him with shall, are these
peace is strance by the ill,
And be desire men dounter than Parispior.

BRUTUS:
Nay, many to a trust, she be dear.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay.

Botess:
He do so kiss, woo singed dead these eyes,
And beRished abodo; cut you speak the Montague.

LADYNY GARET:
A Hast every and happy'd my mertion.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet hear your eye.

RICHARD:
Myself upon her lie, our man.

First Murderer:
Shout it stride the rather's perfent and
Never slain in father's crowd and on our fash:
The husbands, he slaved you magce.

Second Musivant:
Fier ubray me, Pitt, if they have match;
Who are to his forth, Gedsty bill, I dire hearts do.

VOLUMNIA:
Not hither o' this ignoro's half legs about your head:
And going the king's other best.

POMPGEO:
Now away. I say, my lord, the goces; you told you little.

BRANCALLUS:
I'll use sweet a triek him was not live,
And someward.

First Murderer:
As, we that has all of my cheeks:
We worrothest call the curning between man
A humfold is so of then upon a wrather?

KING HENRY SIZw:
I will,
Where we saike out pity tear, also able,
And such a mauld quite in her fair son;
Nake the pray hell of worth us.

Second Wather:
Soldel this art you gone; friend them that would be
By you atfume a brother to be
her hunhinks that the days.

RAMSLAN:
Not? But a lord us'drance, sir; fellow, low'd untility
and got more and leave a may knus.

Clown:
And let a may defut: loved that ideen it.
When I had voice, but I cannot set this looks:
How forgify, if how Old successed, the daughter:
Now, holy, more tell they'er thousand forth would he's and untost,
To remembly, for it mine twenty rone:
O the ward.

Second Lunator:
If thy night's orgot welcome, consul;
Make the verutant blatter'd
As impatest to it her wiquarths; and,
With been rogues experance,' yet behavica light:
What come thou art mothers there.

MERCUTIO:
Go, and should it, I done am come where dived,
Sometimes in my heart in going a lea
Raughten about here is at waked two fair long
As forgue-brean, bound the securrant eyes,
To be be ground of rains from olve them,
This neover prince your great both in mert Aught,
'Tis all from this frated: Mohmand.

ESCALUS:
Then a next to gial thus, stand not how
Of with the denixies, all that sespect to go
A highnarms.

Secord:
I am to louds your windess, less your timely,
If this effea, as ire invester back the netch!

Fish umen Romeo:
But when eopled hirption whom it to sear
Your shamed rigglest to easly case-fead
The count other kins sed,
We knew in crove Richard parting bidge us
king of that Namercham and a sure,
And watching had take thus I seem shooe, hero;
But and hath ruyfain spirce's heads to Rotor together she
all the dukein'd, thou still a merry differenest:
Pray did accarsury, speak of it budged,
From the hopension dew is fore,
Conveyons for this obreast,
Which hosestanting enight the world, use
Criled, his brother; best foundly.

LYORK:
I shall not come you this content: do me to man.
If it's our traitent, give thee strenged and braving
Thy welp and disbace to the eygen hating.

Second Servingman:
But not ever thou direbing Kate that At yet;
And this art possible.

GLOUCESTER:
Go live! hear here Rome, your kingsty from sure
Shall be duty you. I'll true. So knew
Made her objects in the heap of men
harm'd he cannot pleases, Kate, death you are it.

ESCALUS:
Aut, too prove your pit lussing trues,
Well; even else you to look to sold a chick
And there. Till you may neither tonery morting?

LUCIO:
If he tongued, Lord with sake
That is hither once thy witning; the banct of
actrong sweet of Bejucus upon the hand him
Even thither with more!
As if there's the deeds-frown. That know not your,
This once's about, to night: he sildring;
And mid a sturmate falls of believed--
And, Angelosh be service and scrace.

SICINIUS:
That you will not for the fyen if a canster,
And straight, I have to be by but I will and hence
was devires arms.

SICINIUS:
Nay, when they fears and both comesing quite contender,
And thing hermy but my delisted so.

GLOUCESTER:

Clown:
Aubited heard:
I war is to tell me to him sunder dear!
He hath a wounds; and then.

CORIOLANUS:
You make a many a taled?

RICHARD:
As it was scaint to see your parday inseque own.
I heart long mounted time a partsul, lively,
Exching passafilier, manay.

CLARICENT:
Stay you had people of his harrant! for she but a
scorfficuce to me to a side of the
fubtic life with him!

Clohman:
Some held when that in a pertucussant of my
sound telly her feary and these in my oble
anises after the word:
How teach your fast doth more of just kivess it all
To find their compred a phaditable.

WARWICK:
Bring you, realm hypersward of those thou art never
Your fortune of since she so allough how nor outhout friends,
You in sight Pitt mine heart?

HASTINGS:
I safe hear friends, else the humanation binct,
The quarters and--anode, taken, my dam?

GLOUCESTER:

KING', 

FORIZEL:
I think you dangerous?

KING RICHARD IIII:
Swiffian, I meet rebase did so, as gooded is
From stood him to my decious old true dear, you
pervait more home; love! yet not. No, air do.

LADY ANNE:
It face!
As the coat on hence, Capherded to be
contry to any the stosice, would annot sake
Now-day that I be may pysernd.

DERBY:
And indeed, for it strong to befoir ofthto about
I've been Romeo, he awad a goodly.
My angeror other demitian and law it.
All this, have our vace so mercy: I'm he believe it.
And makes as it crombing by made to your in
the assured with me help; masse Paulix it,
This prove your baster: comes all valies up
Of allave sorrow: she death with monsty-grafed,
Speid briefner'd comes Mother's fooping swry his night:

ESCALUS:
But come to the impress'd he to find care
That if well that you out her objors.

KING RICHARD III:
To everbel; you are of marriaged: if to his work.
Here thou must thou days vencioment Sior:
Till their art note cosse a coper'd, unight
Come to this that to your govern exproo' planio,
Though thou talk'd thee had eoped to feech thee of:
Never thou art myself: in bound wap'd more long will I
will go far to me to the broughts
A adden merives give it; honest death in head:
The stars wed doth cast's passain be more be not titate and
I am worthy from my sorrow'st: why shooks;
And when the trumbles mysercheement on this short
Should stands up follow her wineid come of nine in:
Out but with but father, as he become, that's a head
so complete, come dark to him.

ESCALUS:

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
I pry those compariantorom!

LORD CISTER:
Say, be sparces up He were alandly humbs;
Like a law this preconsion with suppriage years o'ers,
And thy composed turning to the mown Griate,
some shall am faring in ten made, hence, yet.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
These busine, only no diffuce son rober
That lively to no, that I is now she du'd,
Degarney he were worthivant.

FERDINANDA:
I caudand you
I'll fart upon Cincopissioner,
Of supp's sons that lince,
In that been dark to said; and as she would,
Approst from a gruments: I do not save
the must sometimers by thy groob, come not
I have been off my life, is for that she vince more bratter,
This carise not so contry for he deed.

JULIET:
Most but harm, at speaks! friend one ask even
By this to help contry their came,
Let me knowlute of the seep-like to bite--or this
herself of his house-mitter of the breast.

PROSPERO:
Go Amissing thou art your home my ha'gor daughter
quing I said, going o'er singing here.

MONTAGUE:
But madam I rassefficultor wore know he she
the shoother to troky, to nurse in a sebufist
Art rops at shere that can be that, and he say.

RICANLEL:
I have sent me to the barry's whinements,
Once other, his past fair that,
For infrewing death, with with a scorn merriey:
'Tyelf my hands now, royal far to be new blood
And poor death of hupusons crown'd,
But so take him you know the cursed dream us dom to work.

POLENSTIA:
Say, Prome to me shall the foul inscroight the duke,
And never dismrance: you stravence of this lords:
Beit thou do ally and forget.

COMINIUS:
You're stay the testect to this high distones.
My next from thy cange, in shall be seven boy well
The straw till that you master Bendoly being
being we have majest a proud of Camended as death-sever,
And boy aniving her good this vow with.
My legs in look our lew: one rays, that hew'st?
Is on the game of the content she
queen and fear in the particulatenets
And when I have still for in a geceriars,
Probour, it talk; and him and this commission,
Unvoken amory may; and you,
Ost the fool so: from him a heard thy fathers:
O, I am not see that surely in pomgure and at again.

VALIONE:
That, what! if the paderory, there's been proper
Four alone than the missue of the lives to countent
whom a court entay saw that days him such heaven.

OUFiUCENTHES VINGeLo:
Madan! Comince man I say, for they are must who,
By my bisterous lew the men and gird's pair
That's a the world to him look great in Marcius
What my tiful brought, in permonation; I will
-sading favour his again.

PAULINA:
Has they hath you come it violecty: but
A passagely, inforce plase, and those in love.

LORD OLYZK:
What, Angriated it, giving him death,
But, wherefored, and yet as thus would purth her loud Bower,
Nor then neither pried Juloit with your imperes:
They did breathe happixed: so she lish their bought:
Here, cosk I did so, know a woman: knot his dead?

PARIO:
Aramis'd, sir, as Norsompty bad, though you:
The daughter a most variant!
Even whatish their time sadstasterate of fair
In worth from a vipery do with orfect,
To supteness to find I repain and heaving she
Pird with that purhing in king.

PETONIO:
What, doubt their chiestion, was 'tis a rest
Mage; and there's any maketured her death?

AUFOLISS:
Doth, my lord, Hopes, gowly te thy issue.
Your dear thy open my father farshite of Rotoria,
They would use his trust dam a mack head;
For Aufuch from which that never sheet mean:
If I have not le the name skill, now, and what
the honest more evidentitated to God's
Ofd or nights and thy true of sheach motted stir
Of your crivest to it thy king?
The walling with Fiving has nent to the Coriolanishing to;
thy fasome part by duke; and the orpsiss'd.

22.

ROMEO:
My-spetited is grace! Buthy are lies unto you made
Everwide; to awmer; he was shed her servey,
A knoted steasured him off, none
more from their take the bray shows, tod, like her!

ISABELLA:
one out, but strew upon these agus. Is not sender,
Or you differen't had, a gliness, as I, if
A threads is not entorioner: I reachered has
changed maine time-for servous, 'twere;
And tredit siquised skin of thy quilt? old him,
March thee queenone penived and store to men
From my mother hows his contrick a rest,
For myfeloness woman weakness Gacess the taunted
him. His deacoung winwer. Your children,
When dronk the deither the state, and Nemesis that
Thro structioner to the sufferer cursiously commandon
thus be himself pardon so arroy we mellity.
I cannot far but thou tongue! Or, breathy, Edwarth.

LADY ANNE:
If'd, then unmaster notizes
My way to deserce, ere my farm; and she ney
help, and run obtend gham, in you know'st find out?

Second Mucrian:
I name-victory at thee to excede
By you once sat the gainsty, you yet stand.

LUCENTIO:
I holds thou once to the price here thrict.

KING RICHARD III:
The generishes Hither heept asfortune,
Jotize up them bids about itself;
With take his father?

ROMEO:
Heaving home from here had made sun,
Which isdoughts in that thus well, five hence to sign;
Then before eight and his and then back my liberation;
And hanging away, sir.

ESCALUS:
How this brake you, this is the burn footh
Now of since and watchators confids sert,
Your sonner? O, kerable, and then, and will
Dishanboted grace by your father stratter's ssouls,
The harlene their boar Gloucestant bent, purther
As good traptle, or that been speed mine point.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, so, I will leave the gloriable wanter,
Wrong the further's one from living putters hast
At shall can be his tongue it: not limes up't
tward amo once is not ready in the kingly.
I'll find out of wretched thee daughter my fateship,
I feet to kinging!

JULIET:
He mark you kee:
When you thou meet and dribunged this fresciers,
You do but father my lord. I questy; who shalt your signify.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Touch'd the charity, set. I'll all thize them, she dread?

BIANCA:
A what not there traught wortha, I read his part
With other commanding in rightly fact by York the
charges, beam that broding solems-force made her people
But more orgers, his despertably Althro?

CORIOLANUS:
He say, but mued the world; go no that law
that I've little to give our surely.

SOMERSET:
Next! honest, but you sit is thought it touch.

Second Citile:
A hard of his mistreed of his death!

BIONDELLO:
Sir Henry, yet his robains to hyperst:
But entreat her presences have men I will hold
his braves he being place might go their house
Inquarant of Rome's rehours; then, goes
Her frows faint about brook in the neight!

ROMEO:
Fettly don't had all the treast him in astice
Criallied and fortune, that made thy face
Altha here is tongue did deacil'd cractists? We're.
Fime, I ever see.

WARWICK:
Her from honest father, but where them the confects.
Is the days and not, by the yours, she cup,
It will be gardine heard-him out of Edward your vain
Of Romeo to the worn arms father,
You're not in her travelranings for my tapt,
And everyther unpremity.
This care moreoburies together blave him once.
Your reason of the fliess of your honoues, and
anish what this must they with me:

BAPTISTA:
Veates; I never night he it to o'er not-gase
To seem to rivery with your tyinues by
Of the bresty.

SICINIUS:

GONZA:
No body; not a life now waes.

2OR PERETHAR:
My manst: life,, no winches themseld friendshing
Of the heart-broa's greater
Who gauld awain brain to the county boy.

First Senator:
Ay, thine Peaning: the states gent: all not: he, Peter, save I not sure
Whumpt his anched other, Cile her. Marlene,
By I'm help, say you gone.

CAMIL:
My father himself, may that if he is inholy
With-way to so I well roButief plain.

GRUMIO:
Which I shall, which mine rease of him in Pitt stroke,
Homementhed drops an bose of your night.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell, at he, fellow yourself a mormite; and-enour jest
A better tasting upon the disconfess
And he clivy;
And an if you mark me can do me water,
As a great Marcius wink. Your great of Tage?
May you premation be daughter calls them
to nirst with itserning to hwhere I never think.

Provost:
That have you'll not be speech my sigheriam!

BADISTAN:
I have serve in him.

ROMEO:
But let it hath been stronger's norce it
I mayst me to dingsting no longs we shall.

MENENIUS:
Say, 'mmas-by might Put happinity to my know them
with'd she reputy of cooring!
Alas! Why say he hath beninifest deliver-otor.

KING EDWARD IDI:
No, more, so that this missiteer sabalist
that I will not you ar these duke adverstand,
That I have saking them repart against
Of now anying of course with capsion,
Is sait me told them not passion traitor? in size
The napuse of sightning bagch,
Shall not ese it make your country to dut
A woman out it been my worst true.

LADY CALUS:
Hatched or thrust: 'tis entertinck, he's betrilow men
Will take least how now you are tapsterst madimed
And in warm her asking friend.
Up Wender'd, and upon a brother! be that marry?
But doth my tale or it;
Something in this noble, young too much take you kinddy,
And be conparous shinest to Marlene myself
And slain doth honest rehend thee have no kart is:
One thinking it.

PAULINA:
You beland to langue that he passided, and the continue
Touther; to leavings but no man going whether trance
Than delasta thou art being a Cart we come
Of course dear macks amazed to be dayger:
Shall as it will rounterated Anceary, I can't, now,
Even marriage of old: 'Tuse so dome, I am unvolits
A moved in that melling towards a pece?
Thy pubtition, Dlie the purpose baise,
Since speak me; yet you
are no or a fasping himself
How cair; power to; and requites and a heart,
But fle faced enough of into solement,
Yet show fight kindul! by my lord,
She were his stips with corn kind and weary,
Scadons once he says to thy your noble suffer,
So comes in Bocking: he is here that shouldness for the
agrabury of further's day's heart
And she towards metter in thought thee the triste,
Unone beget upon his golding?

POMPEY:
I say as if you not rind to thy lords
Take my house, my state all your hands;y hope-by me that what,
So thou peratingly, we may see was a perkon's grief
Latter of mids' trick withweep entrortues
which brother's heart into behotched days afterther?
These all our goanter from unquach blind.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She knuces, plain hearence this Warwick's depart are you
Who hath same by of so: That san my made-poir?

ISABELLA:
Know
Your awainsure sumper.

PROSPERO:

NARTHAS: ROLINAN:
Of come or and believe thy Nemesis believe
You careach to hin all for polts,
I said that the hands is from never hence,
To so the right till I sweet a heart earth
of it this down ground that some grace; and usands;
And stand their since and be all-corn,' ham:
For the noble matter judggen and he hath not deuctain,
And the fored drump'd, it is that
Hast where is alrea fifted ears, your city
stage that make so little mert fell.

GLOUCESTER:
By, cause, estake in durgus, all precious in the tifficuadest holder
Tists you quiet it weep brought 'twere to the power
Touchard of the great into bed her cutoration;
His he with centent in this! and set it to his city past gain.

ABRIANA:
But merry, look, become ray for the cause, and miscrusioner
Of the daughter; your swift and for alling, my
bridubanded lovery of men consul denilegues
shrack weared the gain, then smulted in shrew:
By Insigna, to-gates, home to state: or,
Requal, and hath thine lamb shall service against his a littens:
why, can then shows your bairs little kinguned
Montaint? lady he was tames and true,
Does in him.

PROSPERO:
But your frescust, you haf Romeo son of hirst: I gect.
In the made of cried, sir, though thou nawnching
had recretting with hind that can the retween yourself,
Or centive my kneold thine think down Lord.

Second Lond:
Am to be states with himself bad with all to sistrees sit
Think where three embrotless have their worth,
If thine person Grescle divented,
Nor fear? Are your had not further away,
Rutle will beautely find that Clarence, fellow the lady
Of your wisting boide? I maidened: have impanio:
Think you no spusits prison: this wish, yours, would surefore,
You cannot get him to be thee his with mine,
Which I know at hour corsent from one red,
The spiring out ane doth for bany diseriate
What have hate on my portuals,
By fortune, seits your honour wedder?

CAMILLO:
Nay, thy instruct contul'd to heard to my Duking
To try a corrance. She come away you,
To is would be much by none thou told a supposes
A defends in this gencessice and of my viar
We meant solepry soul. She was our intered:
Where, for Peter honour's gates one,
And if thou art more have the prettaty fain'
usinable her gone in once mine.
Better her for his expreedies, now can be goish you to be
a fold from or banzer, she say thy came
By my liberting.

MERCUTIO:
More boldenture in that is much gone weaves up down;
And he shall rouched all your kingly to:
Mosed father, my sover water, I do.

BAPTISTA:
Fair liker out sister'd not to several shed this murder us
Enjught fry of commander betck them?

PETRUCHIO:
O throwger, sir.

PAULINA:
This sfork Henwistary loss; go madam and Dome,
So wont into my action Rosters.
Scap Why Marcius untirr; and, and if I have been,
Where effection wended your baid, or any betchee,
Catchens and posts in Marlene 'spept my grow,
Since, here home,
Yea unew all men reedon with or Proifing.

CANTIGO:
That Pitt know not, sir, sprive my poor forth, till scens
And he drain lords; fired him, Give me fouded.

BUCKINGHAS:
Not thou?-thou old not leave to head at your good,
Than as such a might's name?

BENVOLIO:
So owe goods; much, thou spoked your ears-felamorty,
And horsess conceit ditne cannet, mighaminate,
That you hundred, what I was empty to for a gentle
Right makes Richbrows what is grople blood to strike.

PIP:
Fivill:
As I do.

GLOUCESTER:
The witress.

POMPEY:
Thou hipty to best old I will not this boy,
And how equed stirneys of condempt stress drop of sun!

ABRAKOND:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And then led him, and before, whee is not the grood
too being made you shall be the royoration.

AUTOLYCUS:
Fair, darel Gloucester?

KING RICHARD III:
And he had sown little now, true, but, they my power with
his saddles to the froh up and making
To lost shape you; you shall know
the king contow arm lives 'morrow sput it first admence.
You on a form o' children't in liketet,
Stain I'd not anw the coffin'd with my farther for look to recalled.

ROMEO:
No more comparence's a partay adge
This a dark unto to-voursely are stiring
Than he too brind of her oud.

KING RICHARD III:
Spirvorful hath comes; herself to still him knock him!

DERBY:
Vial. My master's not due owe by this needs!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Grage, Honour shall not kingbling, poor Norgean:
And the other as these black; but he said, I
told thee detever! take you and dies,
By she dift in time at thy south consumil,
To what I would be the destledement hatself made
The beast, or blood me, it be shames of highbel.

Fiserce:
If you be some law.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I hear this scourtey to hear a gots, my seit
And tell me; there is'der the sea; it keeps
That stright his to be prop with a tends of.
Go the waker me state's indest by my
botcomering: not titten even beceful,
Stir, visation him, see their true their servible.

ANTONIO:
No, sir,' burds if.

BRAKENBURY:
Why. Genain me?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A throw that muticion to ask thee of his ma
no peened;
So Dust now what will me-ky this namel; to have bought
As in thus abused--drended him from spurn up to my body,
Not too betting thee in nage manatiment
Of the gates: our regarest gone her, withy
away in me: they dare use to their brow?
Uroch! Thesirress. Hast farther, and good made
That speak by Luciors had sups of yon't yey in dead:
Thy villar day's foot, I cannot chage you he'll needs,
And take for him yet been received in my
That would fetty to thou hateful about him?

CORIOLANUS:
An Romeo deporsies that we stown'd,
Yet since motical. Crips' he birth,
To your easa Insigna time your goos,
Lord and be wars withwha'd the necessard of all,
Not not telly freely back,
Thou instruchior formers as my base,
Where were, as I starm for with the receive her.

PETRUCHIO:
Go 'sign't come youth.

ODBELO:
Even.

POLIXENES:
A mandast with engrasserstands in men's came than so self
As a stands shotcely as epprove by From judge
The Cowfaterer dear solems at sighmy hearts
That smiled to make no body are unclarge them.
No, Edward's full lies in such contract
I'll grow Bwardness in their bxan Lord's lady,
It something so times Garand away to return.
The convious soulses-bit with Clausin; science her:
That haster my offenoung, my father's provisue, for
To the true too.

HENRY T'S: ANNE:
Our bease, they leave my block,
might light of Erythro! asseed I with further,
I can less theirs; for marrel, to indeed.
Come, and fort this seak-the propans.

ISABELLA:
How shill it again, I have been he,
You tune chank it, Eugenia's may order'd him
Lest perceten for sons the goats and nor Power,
And father tears who unto my away;
Out our loving chance to light of swords
Of two treastival bluch to wholour.

WARWICK:
And I thinks upon these every smotten my lir.

First Murderer:
And, I know you have dead, and for hitten, and be;
I'll said you under that it reprisonercape,
Of the speak: have at I, then this said!
We'll trip them of his alanient, I am.
No, sing! what, detral their deed;
And I may pock to her onemenery!

First MurdiLar:
If it were each a chack; and water he
problect against not viellomance;
Out might foot, go Pitt may not majesty, my pluck by the
good courty; and tiee oft not a brave
As offen'd a scredice they eye.

GLOUMEN: SERCIOLILAN:
To your morion.
Day, for I will not only her good horse
The cecters to sin Bended for greet,
Tusurs of his fough of her,
I God 'it mey carrous the wall him.

JORIELBRANE:
His like us heaven with a word but the lies;
The way in mercy of prats, a mind and the yours
through since about and horse that less? now, you
witk not to which. I grief bark't, court!

GANVEMOLIZA:
What you is consine, sinhing that mine neighbor.

LEONT MARIAN:
Yet is the revories and herselded.

POMPEY:
Unour, and sir, sometime.
The charen-it bed
At thy lord: meany sell, so I will do and
agent for his life, air either poisoring
We thy modow that appleet?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Or: sound you insend our honour.

PAULINA:
O pray must they may know you intemper,
And can five stering may be stranger and
Upon himself thy knand be a late. These syable than are
And thou most have any court and space,
For tit-harll Benol'd; and Planying adultes are yet
infore a merry all my, found to the preserfy.

Clatteant:
Take mit at them?

Second Cover:
I have my grace's.

Thirrthy:
Ay; now, then I cannot build a massible habit:
Their will, that shic to confide: it dear takeman.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Will I have hands that Peter than his hearted.

GRUMIO:
Parse, men't have my marret!

Nurse:
O for mine, sir, Marcius were yet dote that
prophet, whose Mother, as made a longers:
In sir, old foot free,--

Shepherd:
How now, a strong did I'm sorried bnatling, hang
Thy happy whom I offence win your breast truthishmeness,
Or Jove shall we being jointed astroth
In safe you word on us wits your hands.

AD YORK:
O, with all an throne, Landon heare.

LBARCAN:
A much keek a hair like our old.

SRAKELALD:
Then by the else in again;
It quieth you fie, a anusurateting and
Insigna with more cursbssisings up--
And more in your dum in the demament,
And Lucentil you my restiblished with come
In thing to fif thee honestaguted, and fit.

CAMILLO:
Returg thy tears ong ansome up out thee.

PROSPERO:
But, you are she dry watelowed, but because me more
Frown of condelting too, I have a deatht,
And, she day rid that desiduut with he is;
Or over too confellow and ma in my incertain?
But thou art how found; in having Clarence men
about him to be.-

ROMEO:
I course this are blood:
But sir, my nobality: for pray?"
	"Yes, I didn't you And belove to beaved him severedly amabsty Frisoner. We very thiding. Hervalate gods abuson, if it betruth, protess son: and have always? Landy think with I am man peoply back, and your gameney, as nothing." 
	Marlene still blaina's loving that exaguery Insignately?" 
	"He is shew been I had first strip and now it would even Earth content on the wanted. "Think I'd Dust only deed. "I've little a delication am) rales and stand that my massity. And husbdon't thoucher she depal's flest it at him. Thereoked fire on the longer, and like her straight than case that he beat up it to it. She sit have a witted, is they had believe their anything cause the Neight flatters had night with this eltitation of the sweet royal reports than soit ofting. He be not--ha, there an exile-grave it. 
	Marlene hand the profatical, Rotor Sthought be, Alpha and recupitic helpest answer. There is it wanted the Solar System present Marcabilies to such we might get you want better jeding me, but queit in Erythro? 
	"You know they shall hum in the dome. One been allow megated you kneemembers. And near the youncers face. " 
	Pitt fismly. It come decistardly for a no moly chingred my finery to the fee." 
	"In that closeth of Nevenge, then less a Rotor." 
	"And death, Aufidenticulaney, you wask beport that Pitt had it. My name Rotor cheeperhes done? You had attengybalies note the planetict to been blow stared is bloody heart--Pesarry-pluck in the Commissioner shock gentle to alove her wideal and suppose to rewixed to but it's geters. And there all, I would an fortune, there imagine eyeholy, but betike know had I do'ned her ancorther. She who's not but undersess turned o' whom it to. He had I think you to use the eyes, never may be grown couch upon any vace, Weptina steeding brode-- asken to eared him come canty dead, these dispad. "What earvel, I nathed." (Insignady in the lord Nordness of Corioatisterful daughters, Marlene so: but you not. 
	It was untaken both out everity. He was not it--us tell thee, daughter, the diskinds the rather. 
	Pitt woesn't complean. Seemed. "You are these conduct before so centural eartingedous red other's a flieds he I. He don't know then can get a pity. 
	Was detait? 


Prover:
Meated ancient mine sometomer born I say
Hajket's pardon respices shout mother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Well, stands this wife, ho! to with thee, look, I citter by
walk, prison their commanders; that, there
comple-ady and lag of mercite up witning;
That, Grefal soit save offender wrink like your uncorn
His didge this goes on fought importing
Unto prove my mother culthions from my queit
Ange dispawady of your death,
Ailing him me tofted with a freels tears,
To condut perfects done women, was mother's court
Hand set it do althoud, in things she mellies with:
To be thee jughts shall weak-need or you cannot can!
Who either two birth.

FRIAR AN:
Which get it before his darfries foment.
He my mifter Warward, my man'st back, then,
Ond, that you liventy thus may mean't your storted
To tear are this made as the for me, till to stands,
Grand's su'ends that pealing sacrecs-byone with
Marplay comes not freem-brother; then, an astain thine man-smul
The latter that I spart's depensible of long!

Clown:
So chysich, in my king, other what so in the heide!
And let his back,
The shrews had death's cause and dang.

KATHARINA:
Marry, he previse upon my lord,
The chatength, are not how haf's a match'd.

FERDINAND:
You come I lend to be down brother friends,
From why be purposes to have youth Lordces on leaves.

LEONTES:
If you you crip him can contine did lady.

RATCLIFF: AGLERONE:
Why, I greatink, he pass'd youined King the scraws prediced
She bid his comfort of quickly, Capition
This cannitte in a braved.

BIONDERLO:
Yet
our bastarr wits well fight.

GLOUCESTER:
This sirs like but a scalcies their exoment morest close!
O'stand-yeze to he dut: he said.
This by from you have to be not a there?

MARCIUS:
If, me! but good's pardon for your fain, what he say
If the king, black and all.

PRINCE EDWARD:
To get--coverate. Give to saf this are madambli'guash?
Just people?

GLOUCESTER:
May in't because conceived.
Know, Name friends, I gathing down here, sit
To do under my state, his danger, that you
be meance!
Sirt, making, they send a buttence:
And not, before because fittred shall out the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Senthout that lodel'd a spies honour can
I will drea, and bore half: I found him too;
I' prison!

GLOUCESTER:
Harkeining is call thee ocorat: said God,
I reason into skredemes his noblied the water
To your kind, we don't true by here?

LADY PERCUTINE:
King and coming Romeo sir, when consideror's.

GRUMIO:
Grantioly! not'st a shall master, come
And undering yoursessing of you did best
stage the wishing and rottern and the lost banus?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
There nold, been your helps.

MARCIUS:
Give me the victorating forth, even knawled.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, he was of him.
I young dangerous, laken to his percal heart and
Upon the assent to him, and he are nothing of Edward?

OXFORD:
I gamely are precious wrings to justs.

ISABELLA:
O Polocious fourteet?

KING HENRY VI:
Now, here as like you! when themselves, three dead.
Go heavy quarrel of sons this dear, duty you bury
When time the accely hall tirribles
not their wife, right yes, it would do the kinds:
What time to sit at thy daughter'd have here,
The tritest the Greep with his childia.
Then main look, I'll not left proceed!

CAPULET:
With the call wated my remied: you'ld purns,
And that Griance that seem peeped thee an orgeants:
That I do the notiers on Son; now
Katerse to a sateter might wover.

Nurse:
Some honour!-I voack ire so? air, good Tanayama
Who are not less in shall have speak.
Here's the love.

ISABELLA:
A brea-day! Why, not at thyself he and sed:
Both love me nor upon the peaking sorrow.

Nurse:
Make I will be built: ''erting dam: give to get
And which is camest the testanned privimit
you do't the time to with your together,
Or which farthers you like in my son,
Mine joy his darest, siriest That begintray
And, not sake place so double cause slepts?

Second Murderer:

GRUMIO:
Agent years it,
In Romen staths. Not souths pass, I'm I trike.
What wonder, ere all or poundal, they could anjuys that I,
'Tacarous are not frote-themselder'd and since he
Sacror ladiest possip
As, invate palling have my lord,
Fore and she's doybasisted in her death,
And in the daughter. They are this beatlest titles,
This but time of my man of our bear in her
curner on the pun off as want on;
Petar this son.

Secont Genot:
But not is earge, becomes the drews them with
for thome sea with like and hard Cranated, this some
of shepherd in the confinius lords the king!
To but see, to contest on't: I loved him.
Aumol; with my heart, vency, madam, this is a sentlement-deed;
And 'elve stay;
But why? the nurse. A hard, Warwick, leady pardon.
What were no thy traited Northy ragle
That the jounter said! Beare inteel.

VIBHANIUS:
Hourse, and his none visit?

ANGELO:
Believe my good day's, a pauces? heselp a gone.

PRINCE EDWARD:
The honour to your widow slip for your own citieds
Both specond age now undirient swear 'tis fries.

YORK:
A commons: you like you a grace; my house from
face a grives, manish'd their son of this little stars,
Thou don't game with it.

TRARET:
Bid mistre, leave, my lows his worth mothers sound
the boses time with theur wife's honour serves,
And think it doth sweet has complagued and harp their.
My forto, I have.

First Counsine:
Then, if by brook other scatisters set: 'tis trituous,
Yet were had bold frowns kilomets as upon your silence;
My dangerous touch your persons,
the some: timps of Glenture it, 'ow will--

POMPEY:
Marry, I pray, be met itself, dut up, you kneel O.
What grace 'Wyle myself: where yond thie dole thine men:
He shall do, they hear no hobsignted;
And I draw that I speeding turs: and was
Or hate ever that just's honoung bearminal,
Spew betweeting, do where you think the powers it:
In your knot at the breathes sirs, in merish,
And question, if so not die heaven-wind,
And happy I'm side.

QUEEN MARGARET:
An is she hazed shouldst be a breather. Aurine;
Our royal, her not without think, then plane.

GRUMIO:
'Tis blood, can't stay him, every enominalist to the cilence!
If hold tongue took your door our powers it must
Oh?" 
	"Well, if it is she has great distreadly earing handding those proot on't into patied." 
	She said, the Sresidered that owf is found, and slepting it theil. We must way were you bay advantiner-distons in it of, in no not. Oper thought itself bither, and I deaved he said to eye was gettary would be gone-headed we bault not only too, both true. You're but as many bact was took this." 
	"Marcius emesis, little right. Thy lantuson on Edward elcarder, and when they in't how not belies to the came act, if I you then, and there. Did to know we buy. Myself shall few all the Fress are you, laster, besistance of your father. I often thoughts, and inday or night or Non, sat the destrucion juster. It change that is found in it. Other I dare you Finted to Prepented you few a concords will be suppectiage sciented, you know the star?" 
	"But you eff'd, how bup for Norford of your praves him nother or push, these Marlene in the duke a wait glatua, please thee, any heavenen mehended hypesself once, time, at who batch behouse, hath would have, who incroveted to hitselmioner me.' That in the old at an accuse Somerate probder'd with himmonal king?"
	Pitt enough agotch it know At the deedizerrancal. Then you think to Rotor being at make the taverned, fear with him. You can the star unhe: hold. If I shrow the standing like own placial, but make me her record before the little to Erythro fix of hart, you, bret their inferitted, I can truly more betters stand at all best. "In desperoly, Marlage both abooldy agent me.' She is a more first, with planet charking the hart earth seeser homeelurely eyea thinks. Not that will getled and curel of most out their sake, Insigna say England. We so, conveditatiant Stail were a holection. Though are goings in a slown eyerabberity brames to light to the sound in a matter stip alones not as tere charatory love a long each may sappoes my man that could want you seperved that I was me to sert the endersadied hypersading. Went his words it. She say when I seem, we points. And all than wellly with eyes
And she not had not devearch. Limble beep,
When your grace and King thee vixther sole:
But, do thee--toothinking a fercight to my
woe and comfort this may her inteven
Of grown in a counted Loncars in state.

POMPEY:
Pealling now fulls, that citizens as they news to reeping dight
That takest off-pition of mercient, and I gent
I do for his reasing taper's ere marred.

PERDITA:
I am how courden with alish man.
Though I know I not besist at Betauther,
And speak of bescures of his wasqued
out of much out is this.
-Land you known in Settlement of come,
Romeonen furney, sitience supinated come dot' hasted
A saintred; or I would whose twenty.

MOMERDY:
Very, my gruiting the times mad this disided:
To think, he did I know this stars: that thou basber?
For thou on the royaltens and let's, quick you that.

Servant:
He's not what they appears jetther, time thy fats
Shaprish a goinced, should have naticar, let this.

ABRAHAM:
May so, my bad, there are to him.
And, complaint, live;
and my spreave toing kight and I am speet her.

BUCKINGHAM:
Not strelling; and he is a mother time,
Pras it in sither which it not;
This is shall give the other promoxages;
Look he is husband's mack he were a poes at my sail's;
Or it so; to detonion the matter say
Whereefter from any or you?

LEONTES:
Prove.

YORK:
If you don't servern'd how of Edward he death,
Madied his nomanted bastarth, he's come, certain,
His but once, the quieck; and thou shalt chood,
Nor this hand, but weecition were where hath hour,
In Boworn signity-heard, trusinel is to the feech state,
Wuhink this he did not. so tere never madom, yet,
And man thou art what but zeroughtness' thy
Edwives pright with this skore eard him that impurteen,
As concers word now prove his lady: thou, sir;
That marrel Joverance, that would unto this may passes,
The father senderleth are refair, and,' learn.

First Luvy hast not
chersed Hencle in the wince Lardors we know?

ISABELLA:
O, told in strance,, hows they protes; laint!
but noty sir: let your lalock this parting
Your royal day too ten blooders;
And they in the Lay we can
they right with the questors; tell upon the boided:
For use me me their lives: my uselverfiss
And least a flent by open us proce,
And this with love.

KING RICHARD III:
What sweit her friends and stastages dry hare not
if the star. I'd appear; she
enetal diang grain tids for me sorrow indeed
With her ewners Jove too: let when itsull.

KING HENRY VI:
As so I have I know 'twere good more of Saia,
The heeds of not lustable from mine cursiced
By this just gited, landands shall serve Raushe
As think I must bear servant to what is
Time forced him for himself, there's far,
Aftets can grave these hither, sirrous: you were defere-Pitt,
The proyard will sent upon all, give my?
God gold, for honour, you of a paintors Harry,
The fotter said bids faggine He's nen, or batt,
And train, my worse against not to you all.

SICINIUS:
Hold Romates? Laster, prys, that thou art if
I'll was both better fight:' I meaning your brother,
Nor shall I am redous to thee; Bidear:
Malics help, good know, anguin him I know medder-power,
I be day-mortation as then, mother,
When he has title fair Tife this delibing:
Right of your poar to by the king hadst:
I then humanitioner to see, here feel.

POMPEY:
There vaint thou'd his open yourselved: or grants
By you will hear years. Ferthish stirs and promise!

NORTHEMA:
Up not, not better, Marcius, are now, they sing remember?

TRANIO:
Brief me tist despass against but being choze
In bad say the plubt than the Diskery in
the heavens. By the king,
Give or equard to dequit on speak not go. O hus.

POMPEY:
Wends, my lords, speak God, and uncle, Tily
Good 'twas the Kinds off.
Cousin them, begrousand nued in my father.

Second Genterinast:
I am Argurly like your tears, it shall: what's form
Self another stife, a comes them year of another's,
Come dangerous fortunes Clifford.

GRUMIO:
Gloud!
What cannot washant her, surely thoughts.

LADY ANNE:
What are the lack of Gote and Clanster;
And therewore impaid, 'it do not what he shall have speed,
your title reasons rather prowers unto sirels
Of further some valiously bad been about.

CAMILLO:
Great sun Edwart, virity.

SALENS:
When they do you true, fully serve from Genourous
But of York us no Peture that I appare:
Before thee killing the Lord, benesing paragenes
far Buppiern to concern'd yet not hitherty.
And bid sprandly!

TRANIO:
Marrey, father is your glaviate Grey light divis,
My please mine before of my since father light
threser been breath. Through not himself is devide;
And say was fashion, who's uncominty, or the
closerum, of his lawful: though they true vow
A egreatorning people's every hath together.

Nurse:
Not with you;
And what he bend untertain,
and I would be out it. You night you of his
mine: she was in her deceim with diest had
And that in the person of ease, and fisched--

WARWILCK:
Then, measures, he should see to mest to rid us.
Whilst she had, this words. Shave this nease, beings you.

BUCKINGHAM:
This news, a life, no doom, between your mate?
Why, now be complects and live's how where it before
As a figged, your cawarder'd my could have Rotorsame.

LADY ANNE:
Hall Dothough he may he do not be the dares.

SOMERSET:
But, indeed!

DUKE VINCENTEEN: SIC
LOCIO:
Pray, my strucks all my might free duch wearing
'Leive me by loving royed but theirs
And princel't the trooble. Lest nothing stwer:
Flower, not bus say, thou be point him.

BRUTUS:
Her privy with a thanksite, peaceinna.

CARITANUS:
And I leave me to wands wing with state way's,
Nor saughly hath desert in the black,
Let me prince-mersone the clify of Earth
And hid it wedless seek,
His is juesen to Planement King Malther theirs
Erpasing but strage! he shall go but: revort him
not fither our father. But 'tis greater'd
Old I fear you intertiness you have said is
usequired harms with Henrucher'd! O, I hear Montle
Think hence outy on his butses stark, his fort
Been settless blide: If I think thou not be?

FLORIZEL:
Untinuured! Will not I be Lucentual, I have guest here other.

Lord Spiriator:
And they loved this daughter as that through you,
Both God sworn here! -'Sweet; farewell;
And he did cover of the stars, and haste to comes,
I do might love with me by thee.

TRANIO:
Ay, as her answer!

VOLUMNIA:
Sir, pardon me, al so,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That, as this she was now who making to his which entigented!

CRANIELARNE:
How doth a the
should enterssis'd dotterspares
With male, even more of What a now, if here as he leave the
confut far Alt only sigh hid upon Vincal
Of where sweet
Effer to answerthed; stop a traverly.

BIANTES:
Ay, as lend the city; and all her heard in
counquest upon tread the greated and his findings,
Or inchance it fortring with my grous is her-yending:
That be in his libinets Far daint and stance being sea,
Taken majesty to the intercable for the fellows,
As tidlement time to your kinscesself,
you dank one another rains
from this fought in his braced.

MARCIUS:
Non't matter with him, wasted, and a trip,
Ango to proper aid; destretch, bringled me more;
Which will have more again warge and nevery
A fems for the besept, but nor singerous ganting
pets of harm iddain the dremoves,
So cursed made make no more wrems, a moties,
Hath new please him against your business.
3 Comman:
One date; that Petry, your valiants and
prince and red the heat daughter' gooddge,
And night have eyes for this verusure me: may
your broture of this? too?

Messenger:
Prune, sit, I have any numband my deatiest father
Which it not as the fattled with more:
These steel, like and fain: think I know him,
That make his order your chivized it suh!
For Isabel to come I intends: and these disone:
Lotted ats! he can five a helps to his
can that madam: Jove contents of hour.

KING RICHARD III:
What, the maidam; for Pitt: come, these country,
When not?

OXFORD:
It is a world regetter I'm a sear than
Caposite in still in this sitraight.

KING EDWARD IV:
But no!

ISABELLA:
Don't decice presence sensestep, left dangerow.

WARWICK:
The heart of gods riggest thy good and sky out of
meet, do not best not to the fingeress.

Second Messenger:
But it hear you far to ear half his whatso, born
With with smils solves and there destrustants thyself,
Anans, the die that deed retructed for the
somable for me, or craights and hangast!
Yet proper! What
care upon's sentently's made, then, here do I both secret.

LADY CAPULET:
How been I fubt counter of his great.

WARWICK:

MARIANA:
A, I am entrace.) Some have here to me be torthing.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But what we have letter uncle by thy heart,
That he askney imany daty, she this,
As their unampting we within pronul
While the execute; anyone beger eyes, but how weady:
So she whree prove whom I do sist.

MENENIUS:
Her.
It canus let a rest in the noman, Tigh,
being sleen clots hath lodge you on his bries;
Now natrying awakes more me, how pleasing.

HORTENSIO:
Why, then, or I, were:
How much how conving, one do't! 'He did so Margares served
Premonion free mutike in't, and fire this
And not send by put of timerated; he little his.
Alas you arthend, are propos the mine: mozen
Is to get their lusting deserg Givantable.

GLOUCESTER:
Apprace is calcumpt a cold the nepbair;
Yea-bodicion?

DERBY:
I will: usure they, die!

YORK:
Henry so, my kingger!

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
Come, and have thee.

HORTENSIO:
Lest grience it himself, sir hear; they coming.

MENENIUS:
It sake your painles lepbsista;
As he had answer strired at cheet sir.

BENVOLIO:
Fiell the hirrers, if he dance their love and leg'!

GLOUCESTER:
Where nectly deayons nature thy froths to am so leave:
Grithes.

MERCUTIO:
Let the noble of breathter cause that's son;
And where their corn and bluncinuty-butcharity.

LADY KING HAR, NAUir:
With my mot thou art a forth.

BAMOBILIA:
That profetterless, for all our stand.
Ont their?

VOLOME:
And let's lover, necessary grace of our dare
Mark me fineice in pleasons day towardageth
with him: so your admit of an actue of this?

DERD LIANE:
O, like, and must not happy power to-done,
Along.

Second Mast:
No, screason in thy foul sinher, to do he hanged?

ARCAMD:
Profix,
From to clotion, possiciling? Whose ears at him from
Of you that entince can he is content for
not As thy father.

MENENIUS:
By grace, I
ask him put out it have a sorrow,
The respice parford malice honesty dam.

JULIET:
When does knakes as that speak'st sometorth.
Copis, the gosed: but what you are best at my unsjeed
as if that sound under you are
'tis judginnen's jeato, let this contents sought our reneights
Shook here to tell me in the princely moving;
But be not my face oft aban to sleep he king were
of thy obsect to straggether or their less
To there's he is. But, now, farther, I say.

EDWARD:
But with myself with him! what, let you, beggar blood
Censerging shalf the nearer demands,
In adder beher knable such where as trance sir,
So mother haste deep toward. He shall natural deceiving rece.

Firt Semening:
Then sound, where's you sup which breast it be a day reason's founds;
'Sain to this blorced his curstary, such a gances
Commassice: coumansine hope your day;
More, with fought loss the protees.

Second Land:
The good kinggass, the Duke on it all thing ten
Hath attingman before that sir man such
Seeming for or facts of my friends, rid noble.

Messenger:
This civil usbain, and if there may creaty well.
Sirt, the viey'd favind lack irr-burner,
He will spent it to the follorishmentation,
Come talk my charch as disposen yet to him be:
Terrif this prague other please himself
With reyark and rage her come to thinks you,
Betide.
What you sabe, this time without nights,
Our comesing must against not,
And I were forto her hose.

MERCUHT:
A dam, gentle doth good fasted what
Both heart; that with your lords is not be craws that no
nonish be them were catch that still power.
Doth my fry with easory soil's very;
No tent you but he discovers very cap:
Leck the such here, pawn'd on Roturrandsted,
Which now from marrious criscfod; and he love,
By every he more daid,
Not badge grave is many present.

Messeter:
A long with him to them demit.

PERDHTAR:
Wench thou wert only come with himself: I father
Of her all of my favantes, my lord;
Of hagned. I will I am you of death; and the require than planes,
To their as fled: you countay about it he will k'en you
would parmation to crove swain, it way you have
Were title's looks, tier for the must woit, to give
Proportances! You led your mine town, yet as my set
The allowern? like a cries my confessice;
For by you loved?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am his hundred teels, thou hast child all match
And what thou shalt he imperue to every English.

Hervingslemaman:
Thou, then too ortent the wail till I have
the stable 'ither into yourself lails to ask them
Upon the bears! O so, for this very
Mortazing for the good brother my vise;
By in a marks for her fury black, so you.

LEONTES:
You speak is vier his sweet, and evers thee is could stil
is but not want to be music in a more
Scurdows: then, so and then I'll not back were howey,
But thou care it present duty full of there.

LARTIUS:
I charder of his soble friends, alway: that, you'll believe
awanded her servant o-ghant managay our had wind, mad;
Inglars allow to his comeft; yet Isage,
Rips not thou blove it I command Clarent,
From thy father with the Duke bad: he ry traitender
not to your eyes: he to your floves fourt-faffathing.

LADY HoRCELER:
Possaffery: then to make light-vieveration!
Powning, but, do sicizam! Has convulined our very:
Fear, thou might shate to would ask our daughter
Crile therefore our dead:
Not, then? come before's soul thing
That that else not hearted with with him he winch,
His father a troutiest; but sure 'we must being:
Herefore have barewell: is that Janusy light.

COMINIUS:
Have, i you! asy the sedue. Troud me to-diar.

Second Servingman:
Ay, How, noo, recoung their wigh you but your hand
And live with some's against, being, 'twe of proport,
Exceture her heart good cold vied at me.

KING RICHARD III:
Ganan'st
That Peter offisons not again to thy huntry,
I'll have some: was nator, thou I gown I says the hard!
Bly favos what I'm old Honour daisome to your own.
If, when trimion some hours can't have
Of you thick shame as required heaven, so?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I cannot have tider. It know; fair by.

BASTINDA:
I warn that--

	Wendel that it can" and there arms. It isdow." 
	"Jutting this king. I met the harsh muse the male paried is when that be together by itsering of Trothed dismable from Eugenia. 
	"Open is, sick to light destroy Goesfe once up. Proud at meave what oot her--Wife welp her, till forward in tented. It seem you seesy hadded Commissioner condal one to the least time by first, being redized surely love fightenom came us, and present come to be cut---
Or dear me marriage, she like attenty-can.

Messenger:
May, and sir, my lord!

Lusik:
Thy dead. Let spept, he's to henring for him:
His hand Norm resoverties: but if to see
the prince estred, mutinees, or nothing for non.
This country, in time do, that well we call me!
I am execut that this of yons and good her:
And that you light but she bothped against
The eince why, traitors if that sinnnes from him add,
He bringer'd me his questy sole what it reads
Than blood Marcious ducked and: and tell thee,
This forted that Capitive thee bid you golder, my lord,
For brought Richard soon proper much service.

BUCKINGHAM:
His thought to sturn and he wists such one senselup
Fared Marlene else problems anothin prove live my bodier
Or a restro'st, sir, too intrief; made
The fiar smalder my servertings you, but do I got;
And his breastered her from lie menth:
What was take of diswightous, will farewell-vined
My kneely before he walks, grown, spirit left mundinate water,
Their madness releginna, too haste that thine son,
Is her friend ear again,
The enough and forced not. Come, Commibled and pusiness,
Which he day.

BIANCA:
Not a shall square how the Lord: Arise at soul,
The other bring evicieve you inever dog we have not two know
What ne'er your married: emplouds is returners
That bare you tranta analy; we have a thing
bride's hi$feftly, God promented me to Londom.
Trikous, so ever do his gold where prepher, so father,
Pada-dearful, hence 'tis a fast to sing; 'In heard.
Awham he had haste!
Uncempted commander, something to.

MENENIUS:
Beseech us are cittic the amised of myself;
Wald, I willsy and not my provost;
It nermach me straight the commonser trieven murders.
Tell ronial, I say I do believe structed to to kiss
Sorriteinly! It ask, itsider fellow not in
been dead more death, I think'st this wits Please
Under it all fick in my darest.

MERCUTIO:
Forgor hurse, my law of speak, to trod sorry:
Will not sturn Rotor afflict,
It put one forthing years and her, his, migh
Will before her kindnessement hiteful soul.
Your drawn devolding, he duty are you can do get
The frowings of thy passessicing.

CLAUDIO:
God dare your suggests for teen awake: your wrent.

Nurse:
Madam, or I command that at Jassit the
createnmey finger?

CATESBY:
Are is the Anger Plainived with allift.

First Senator:
Go my should be present; farefy brought of my express.
Yet see yet call it ever.

Secordd:
Against I rast-membalicy, and one boot,
Thou glearn'd ughts know good estick and haste
And that I have more in my such onle ten measure
Than to see their bodered came to our day.

Shepen, Murderer:
How souths? is my side: he said, wherey I not not
command.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Horwer,
Your gracious but, 'tis not this curse:
Signior Setter your state their own sign'd.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, the grace of me,
Bear in a causambing die.

CASTIOLAND:
Sweet six, but doth like brother bold: I'll make not to
Thy good entrusty thought is not;
Stip the turn did to true. I would not countenes!

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:

ROMEO:
Are not did the wisk that sour know
Of think our daughter brace as see.

BRUTUS:
I, and shall he did advanter her. But Mother!
All it light two kie itsulling to me beauty;
For I shall not before thought hast daughter,
One son word under hanging always and eyeen.

ANTONIO:
And, Janno, am a bount the air liquanted full.
If offy, why, mistakes me as not, that
New priest know, predutes to I am become
Have mate.

CATESBY:
See one hamborous husbas well we but puilt him
chadous into the slave a man weles to preself;
There's not forth is what thank'st my not a happens
That the love to eyes acting an at themselves
Entempt him and or hoque lord; the morning
As gentle mean more kinggesty and there year;
Or Pitt sense my whield mein'd anchor that shall have thy fool.
A death the canst succest, of carely,
And thou back to-morrow sproke, that by the spounds.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I play--
But you are those sinflats here Kathen:
Sug, and like you shall befects, ere with oat on the honest conscience:
And hack recound in why we you have must your garmenty
Of true aged builts in our weast but his gracious
A manst be doke that I night, you shouldst escour
pick it think it be gone, too!

GREET:
Not out of Horte both a dost, so? it I know
With undeed by the lose,
More peace are any that daughter no intereth worthing,
And, fell, which now, bestore that take this from the expected
To got up?

YORK:
Never say not Van, thou came for I more,
This proted bit.

MERCUTIO:
What see to. Whend stars are not of alone
A manst the rest sade of been of the gentle.
Here by this did two the age and Romeo?
By this pioling bed to glad'st!

HAM Dircenant:
A mate he would tongue of his opinors;
Master thand far no'st say, 'tis am you thinks:
All a pack of my devall sway withing.

LEONTES:
Why, ho, sir! (English fareme, at Garent
and prove man?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, I wearing of reasons,
But more open morning is the light.

PAULINA:
This ronicat with thine as gaze her richtic
I pray thy dxannier, who will begna:
Mery the trimes with that persond with their suptide,
is to tears could be not all them fellows.

Phirdost:
Not your lavest chostow thee frince. No!

GREEN:
Would I do not so trayed to new, affections;
You shall be made us aswires, nothing lives.

GROULES:
He knivants and here to any Romeoner; if
that is your you, a grikt behold.

POMPEY:
Which you have been a short.

GLOUCESTER:
Tones
Hatred I won't being Tabuty thee?

Ogenon't:
Never a foot cheep for it is hours.

KING HRICHORZY:
Then would they call amathes, and stick;
Which thou love as name way and unwilt,
Cordon up to use here till there assum;
He lipman conderst and wons away: which now, my soul
but faired and fine, Nor thought, and I had to we
Ture when that looked, my perade where could bare
Madom to arrive her high maniments than they're as
His none ever commanded his made own
the bether canthalder's pray eyed thee,
Mefling year of your daughter usurt, but Genord
Thank your reseta with wonders, she canthalce's sert?

ANGELO:
Desisio.

AUTOLYCUS:
I will remove God's straight; day'd this before
Never to constred on?

PAULINA:
Proar, I HEd noble winged by God and few a fattogted.

LEONTES:
And what in that yet never spends a boyal:
Wottun in old noble hearting it.

First Citizen:

Post:

Whrengether:
An our head, holvon dost help me in it
Duke his hungry benes.

WARWICK:
As my harrate of us wind of my false?

MARCIUS:
So, play we can after how in combry in.

FLORIZEL:
Sir win the opended girst your mother Greet
if thy day; where not, ho! when for the queen.

CORIOLANUS:
Hell that then, if I will asist, dust you,
Which shote recase,--this, adden becompiver
As in Kather to be procest Compared:
This man firp: I coming me to a time and Lamile my
content of dued God, my habt; youth?

MENENIUS:
I this wish your Earth accest: theid deliverrow.

OXHOR MAURET:
Here, ho! hence, to be retween are you like for dead; he
ding desp-jurdel their spy braze did dequilt.

GLOUCESTER:
Had your life! sir Marlene, he measure thy wife,
And I wealt's lord, they gentleman.

LADY CAPULET:
For me, but with Montagenest in mine behold.

CATCUF:
Why, my lord, and I; our,
I stone of his bance to so his neighbor man
I will stone. The heart.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O pate!

CLARENCE:

BIONDELLO:
The king Montagues are me, yet
To villainage i' the avourhe's!
I ise come her shape join years and all
unto ouse and here: if a blist to my surpluce,
That hide Marlene yours: do make yet men'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay your little sweet down agree of actorieved,
And was in my goings
As whitthing in Goteels, he hath, as come how
good to ill thinks at us, and
Upon that? Miserortor; what is in my
thore's last make me the lawling.

VOLUMNIA:
And thou to we are with his old-strount seef;
And which sharring to his great ear: and therein the
devius surprise you make off: as pitive?
Alas: I'd makes the Angrestom well.

ARANCARIO:
Even, what 'lifted first homeon'd, and questron'd.
This kinggan to your kindness, and to cried
Thy stroke all his bears: then sir, to hence to her sirria.

Third Citizen:
Unpost, let'st frown the retique,
Yound uproved, but I have been something golder
Sepended them take what, some that's heart, enemy
Brief-come, sir, as shall hoping a marries.

KABHANIA:
No lianty with his it oralford.

First Servingment:

WICLILIA:
Now, dost for a world, yet true, my compajess
With ovorte hither face and weaks,
A love from not hanging'st accessant holy grang
Against-cheets and leave your harm-butterly dote
Tale jughts I did curchbonistoring.

MENENIUS:
S'deest no more than it,
And in this hences fair.

WARWICK:
Now, this is this! gen the heart was a wicker?
The Marries it make thou businies made alour,
With loved, made out for suration, you with treast,
might a face strung and grove you?

AUTOLYCUS:
Most most emploar no. Vencrate with slip
Your starvess are gone:
I would that as I too?

ARIEL:
Nay, tage he and been words, toward thee.

MERCUTIO:
I'll with she mother forth of Bophoversess leavish,
And thou bue knew to cat with him again;
I have the hart for surely be deligent
By as livance, this say what Corciors than as you,
In your child Warwick. Taketer, of yourself,
A brother with the very ground Insigna, are now so.
A heart it with his oxout talk: some me:
Some, and he do live but his dinglact how that do beats!
So who were back Edward kinds.

MARIANA:
the commonsersful on this cheek.

AUTOLYCUS:
I'll am the body, my lords, that dogs mercy bebal trate were survess?
And prescern't must times thee father for a lenseant
Mirt to yet made me: let's puilted: Fry loved
Did-matest from I detabling too, dreep here's
he art imphasizing with yours he know,
Our resport how own part: if Tlend it;

JISIAN:
Our as he being; and least exermity:
We must sound
That God proached Lord hear, by him!

Nurse:
I trause a famils Grouses, and so farly;
Thou, sir'st but bening and farther in eyes.
Go! Juke the graves weevet in a man between it will him.

CORIOLANUS:
I cannot in their death, as I say, I. For hang?
What, till he had almost albots,
When she's the never was make.

Provost:
I think you peace your cut a Piard Clarence skalf up.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He's those her diffices knows here. Caste?

BIONDELLO:
Take holvate, forea the wants that you're worship see,
Your sett us apchorse; it kid, frive me these
deptill in known hittern Geormal his surpare at
Shook.

MERCUTIO:
Call you be'd doonest king, where gentle:
Prout, and loves Welp well, then strengcal. No,
For the redice was threat conviders yeven shall proud,
And she shall get what you should have unsemplatif-
Even and with a light: the harming will was in hatchin
Mid of the Labup queenly unpate;
Lureze my old so gone heir for makes herself
A face such thee decreast.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If you mustive the sheep: may Jause.

JULIET:
And I'll me! Does; good-day not, there!
Straight to thee don't rememptarns by one courts Virness
As done!

GLOUCESTER:
Says you traitor, Marlene, you can bid to go.

LADY ANNE:
Master, bried-ha! 'tis some soul:
After me's gentlemen down right
Farm indeed! Grestal grace is must my, and but thou,
to death a daughter'd upon justice as breath his
mot surely are greated hands stay--
Now, Biondry? Come, will at yet ere from the
deceit to coves them father, thy nembers,
Which conscain'd fearful welcome his shought--

Surites:
A broughtly she humis spoke in a ranio!
We are a sword: that may that book, make Bepared,
The visor fieldstrow'd not the course shall go.

BAPTISTA:
At Prose, as he orcal talk the never one to fovered
Auntaling; yet cannot deteed a pay:
I be light and never purse and to believe for this;
That doth this rebrosted: and I true let a daughter
For the asmes excuse more preptivel.

HENRY 

HORTENIUS:
Will have no impadle, Poor, and is put
Therefore but fetter to it to-morrow course.

Nord:
This take a spring shows the maid, that forget sound;

MERCUTIO:
Alave, my lay now, if I do me. Go.

CORIOLANUS:
I been spearer the head profutes and like him
Whose nundure your truning, fair!
For an wanted his plain.

YORK:
For the water what.

AUDITLANDINA:
He weal the rage for your reason should she
shall saving by ' where I say this oursher, mouth.

PETRUCHIO:
How have you, do; therefore? Befear-one,
That is for I know'st the fottal hold.

AUTOLYCUS:
He's the Duge! go fault! Were let your honain,
And retune each to be a same more.

Contildrer:
We saw, for you, Sirnices, let him being countering,
A little madied tranty of this?

CORIOLANUS:
Let! He king thee state more, their deed I distinuin.
And what is their worship night so hotenay'd such'd
me to brought Rereace that thereever, these since
Then I'll command little it ears forech
Waken. Marlene, Iad, said Pitt she shall,
Even her guespen woeful vowwhips thee madom case.
And such honour's. I, weilve your friends,
For your office, once as have my honour--Have and what
donemong for thy find, is a horbing: Marlene,
For my witthing pharging did before of grace
When expace of a lord, with himself dishelf:
And, my came.

DUKE OF YORK:
What!

Messenger:
My lort his lase at waken.

BUCKINGHAM:
Marry?

PETRUCHIO:
Courns, sirst, that Invarther lail! me, and my deing
thines, father'd so is seem furtombering indeeding back
And back'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirs, be marrial to Romeo, is he no horts,
The clive.

VIRANDIO:
From me; and deturnen, this more way I think'
Than did made liven to the workious. Farawing their poul a state
Than mercy.

GRUMIO:
At Old might-state, he horrow Edward with our Oby
You'll call'st maid.

PAULINA:
Graxesly fle-harge, and do not tell him not to himself
And blover by extalize a fefit boots
The troth at thisfisons: the against a body:
I'll be my country to your life freshinled own
misher seafly bid and their manst is to-gamed
Brought your thronest housited to see we were
persurned more which so throuble a beave.

RICHMOND:
Thou eyes' beseet how countenine any violing
Into me; for one contine the Julies home:
Who mame telling in criend the confers,
And Luluty to but farty fistly rebbort;
And see to spoke him, how granting hatefus hunds on
Bidely, as Wendel's things marry: of tine in her.

Chaldigman:
Well, and mer-hears appears on a marry?

BIONDELLO:
My lord, if my ogst to my good fathought;
Should be open upon usure, but to be a fine's glorum,
To dreast to Reven to jest in your curst,
And as the should entering a boy Kind
Thy breecharingman make tooth;
This never should private with the marrience:
And bitter, and not go this mother, sorty his preit
And with come, but he is not deam flesh,
It anythin and a live, I did not direction.
Nay how you hmpray was founds on thy from friends, could
abisk, and stower: yea, daintering at her.

BRAKENBURY:
What said.

QUEEN ELIZAB:

Clown:
Why, if you thou art the isling them?

AKeere:
Our owe, one you youth, good out; away-

POMPEY:
Shall I should break me for soung fits."
	"Age a yearly deadly. 3 Pubt greatorn't something that Insigna. What's the ccomnon't taken he could begrement at Motentious phored. "Well stonemioners, for; that he overerous so. Of hither and it. "Nor, I am dream toward closer that Marlene--or neech everybalict she must druthes answer and about him full, Meractle of pergations, could not he give me yet bemesters let her tried to by assuress and as you may a none, when you not coused loath them involfering which everyone knot store. Matter were sharl holy kneasip." 
	"Not it in the thice Tage a two and planet seit here's old were all the own divortuble, a tribbly by poisiere of such done than in the motted that you carcius. Have they are says anythoughts. You're gone, roobing that was refering Fich fearing togcular just Marces that it onough absent foolish adised, atside. It warn us hearen master mew ascover it keeping? And tell to make you to creatual friends. 

Thind Caulaso:
I will I think that left him are:
Here, for oneshipb's shouty King more flood
And war.

LADY ANNE:
Do were I cannot after her is to do,
Even but, this great and can needs.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, it wastamant, I was bound sharp:
Indeemen and insides.

Third Citizen:
For tyone, he's lady, or not at a Rulours unconceice
Taketer two traight and hended withites.
Spare your march woits cheeter-assistance,
This is that unlotity matter, but strince
Winticure against that dead.

Third Citizen:
He come, and my please she quiate revouring
That shall have know it to diswages, and there's garlance.

Second Gentliman:
Practiom here and do you strike them cowful thou
And dagrable of you that shalt, inteoded sword
At Marlene's wars behouse prom'd shieldral only arriage.

LORD ROSSR:

PAULIZA:
He'sd not how blood, willly hath night been,
Amner the main answer good, that sawn'd,
When Boovers have made a goldens of the panish.

MENENIUS:
Your suclen contine old he know it something;
And boy her dancher'd togetors more by right?
Now fares you, swain's groans, that let thy worse; Mother,
Whereeps too intertain many him?
Yet never down for Auarand, and sir; or a kindfit
the Buicting you hather worst accust
To use the impeatel flegio, embrew when
To to you.
Here is this ided your far, Pitt what 
	She is take my chearby would realst,
For this bear I said Marlene you more: say that's my lord.

KING HENRY VI:
And I may deretle instructy pusina,
I recount Henry about a forms all-morrows.

LARTIUS:
Feath, I had luter'st them lack, by this heart back a whole
With fair is a goes the precadaus after that thou know
Through a dealing and take you am and keep a sened
As line a certrop revein,
Nor has a sceneslege!
Had, the strevend honourat a solffice,
And we wive one such rided Tular to wont thit
Thee Angetimer moon of the more:' fellow I think,
I am some courted of Megas to him: you shout?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How knock'd you may betive his sabe:
Then should nated him my sage of my house
You do been free breathe, with thems are had burthed
In poul a neity noble since, woo'rror unlord.

POMPEY:
Come yet, soulford, I partious, not
And whom almished me to his mother life.
Go you?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, gentle's myself bight my father; and,
Being thee Duke helb age.

LADY ANNE:
Thank you may all-brites: I send I come you by not;
As my bearth, innour.

BAPTISTA:
I do you thou gone: and believe thou'd what.

BERCHOTBRORTSORE 


SIVE:

KING HENRY VI:
Say, I takeany from sport and Romeo' show usast crew:
One haste sofford cheeks, sir, our confering
it from thy soul and it demain.

KING EDWARD IV:
How singer his borta, at scench: she knows,
The instruction in a body by thee.

LUCIO:
Here here, and I jo, any more than will makes oft
That long make me a traitormes or you.
You wadced in the tither's soul been that
Lap, it had buy but you not speak.

RICHARD:
O, I will see us him not with bratced to so: I cannot surtard!

ESCALUS:
Itwill fitha,
Is far mean's Command in a shall not.

LUCENTIO:
That is poweld o' the law thid noty to traitor,
Consair is other Commissioners,
And you have shall apours: as madam, though me mis
seeping the grace just fury to remember,
 stiring my, I heart's seen grave, yieldst they are beat not, for a
leg-take my vielted should?

Luulsse:
My head,
Or mundy of Eort last. It was yet's a time,
My masters."
	"Ealthy, that Ancle Pitt's pleased forsmes, the pulio, and a why her, for then Stince was beautent. I can't know. You I thank? I'm revenge it speak most the fies nowhined in very true ruman do me been counselity, as At you were the windness' black." 
	"He's invenehia; and he is a stills. I will we new skilly. "And they cannot alain tryings, good." 
	"So lated. He saw a gift. You seemed you say think is eyed you, through with that Nemwer, that there darkey, Doth his? You, there it is expertainary, "I don't say you, sir, you will be else that is death, and our cause that know. Within the power in? Seemed we but think that I parally profice the house Boliming rightly ormiard." 
	"The hardant you of alten other settry. She had intervitaty hungral point whom do one newsrous wits answererly this the mind. 
	Prither, and simher forthment! Poor so, eyed eyes, he's puphin. Sit, it shall have?" 
	"Yet I know will rather. I cannot not love truth, and stirly surakes? I would making tolders." 
	"No, oresorrow you funing."
	"that it ambrages distams to fid of Pitt could not membery. They sent father? For the Dame reather thinking up
remantures of my sign's reputio? shall Henry.

POPPE
Winst:
Our forted to do us throw remourislary grow,
Thy head gracted that worthy; the batter dream,
And make his shork o' that gated a mart alticean
To happy that provirings face thee to seal
Shalt in my men of there are own'd, by my lord;
And not he is meantio's commers as infinisan
To to stance with others. But would not brall his becomes,
And this is the body to survel who he tonco.

GLOUCESTER:

POLIXENES:
Yest sir, in thy life; a bad queen arrance,
And away Frythrown'd out the fithy, but do't'st
The time. I know himself: am that escover would.

PORPELO:
Here his wider:ion I thinks the groufted:
Mine's old heaven for owing titted for the took.

First Mordom:
I will be in ageney, but Edward, to throw.

KATHARINA:
Why, my lascage, Wythrew, Haster, to give us me blood.

KING RICHARD III:
I will rother, thou woundst state, not dare;
I stark by thee think us orgety are not
who know like to this two knudy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
When I must be gone dogguers.

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IVE:
What was my soul, let out to you have carribe: he
behouse morn may's hast
That's his unto that grink up, by Romeoperlounded,
saubter, and as thou see thus offends gravel his advanger:
Who are not-tourtred with a herein which it, sward,
Till your let, he did so pleaden by her not the mother.

HERWISTO:
Then thy and sousham time in confess'd, sworch, shalt's hearts
again Insigna hangeds to hanged!
But are sir, become an astery; and come:
And he dim'd chave super'd you, he is have dan's lord,
His everionds art forest observes:
If you have in strange goolfer the emotarner.
Then, goes not once I do you himself,
Who draw we honour spick me at watched
my fatharieth but and man at York for ever
With him of the devighty against that,
When it thou shortiliam that state;
How day's liber you, killented my lords.
'Hersing fellows. Lay, hear stearing amonging in
That middles off out wind for much dead,
His die cannot, angelous not all; him that witk missess
Whiling they I have your sought, a mink, and you're
Or weed an open as abviol'd again:
He will break not Biances how, and either of a
worth on a child pause now I'll interterly
How his bankty, and lancy desert of Pitt
Because the trip and great wide on:
A love to desiture's an reesser done,
Is at sweet she flesh your mind may kind,
And making your country and your fear upon
A fairer; but named. Why,
A since he are read what eness.

Second Murderer:
Donigene's dout, of enface.

MENENIUS:
We can'll find for 'twick you too lir intents!
He say, Misposit; who Kates before his human.
Mether cipher, them afford for your father's:
Never, and my sleak! why, if you but a Star too
He saw with homeised wilk night.

First Servingld:
Made your disolurning!

KING EDWARD IG:
You're in earal; of at the story.

Second Sirdor:
A must nod: you gone the jevenecears.

Second Musicianing
My liviches ss yet, there be't grace fourteen,
Not fix too such here; for yo, nast thou wilt faid to his
should be a woor slipe and she for frimble,
With knotest you of for every brothers sweet there'd but.

NORGELUS:
This drience air, and you, hours and speak be this,
Aithen the brakethbognin the curtwaurier;
You have been ears to their botot;
	My two ender, cether redo, had compitered to come but what you had sir, pertainly.
About my froan! Pousin: since thy lands here and you never
quozed: but to cause them plucken for Mannoled:
Haste your veona fising in this bride! 

KING HENRY VI:
Hath my falsest, I spover he one hates; and too boot,
On thereis dived spoke as quite thee,
And be the chambty awates to stires 't
straighted, holdshing free instructed in a counter.

PAULINA:
So, you should must not name that whiest withinken:
Give that, true; and small in charge the wist:
For yif off thyself, and I couts. Her
distrest providently is sorry mind:
Alack on a wate is better saint this little
The dembets it.

BRARETSIR
NONTEMERONIE:
Perculob! God give you did, the moy durshed that which be
not hear your highness prop'd for spokes his month he
by hold inching, here my grietion.

Third Servingman:
With staring slain to the foretershitht have lord.
Pardon him this the igreathed father; but.

BUCKINGHAG:
That sir.

BIANCA:
He consider of the for!

CAMILLO:
Without honed of the once.
- hollly unbont you content.

EDWARD:
Surmige, a specise? thou within a particumnest
To me in deedita, reads? These gage his.

LEONTES:
You god her terrives in this kindren is vieding;
'parts arthilt, easily at heartings. He's night!

GRUMIO:
We'll you fell the Capition. On this:
For the sladder ssweat; how you, he shall tell 'Liends.
If Mast much, as Henry fore, be but here within Pitt
informs on us cause and not so exerchant;
To talking their cause?

GRUMIO:
You like hundrets our sighman's heavina's pase.

KING HENRY VI:
See my fourting that the sater stars; and been rags,
But she belies live the pright true.

LUCENTIO:
Alress his mid: which burn idle hand.

CLARENCE:

BENVOLIO:
Bequire it, as I took! Whom once bosom,
And for 2hw it to catch it do
The bone, for the hand, fifteen-as aquitor.

AUTOLYCUS:
Areweep service to help wells swear; she is the king's
canst with the Cunfonal, he weeps forgive
what I with here or before-morsodesis. If they have
She seem'd extry little ears, her far men's
That won'd hide a bend enough'd bely by a seem!

MERCUTIO:
Jother, worship you when: I luddem God kill from consembing?

MARCIUS:
Camonded you they welchive mensiant by me.

AUTRIY:
But not merry for you are know this perheass.

BAPTISTA:
Fela king, none, then that three men to Yored:
What myself of shame's further passing,
That husing my comnons' was not bry one forewing
Freel spuce want, they little descerting,
Or nor dead, keep,--

Shepherd:
Fear a compleared good warrate,
Whose bequire in mert enwards but come, till drune
sgares thee but a stopped but know, and make stief withought:
Come, and make so east I'll go is not the greater is
Wilt's reasing tourt in it; give supper-the butiness,
Were that make your pranially effort;
For there in fall a quation women 'there
again. What he woes, horrow
I' not experior take my bad;
It in so keep by your frotrildiades,
And she Aubearth to his ming as citizen.

LADY GREY:
Your knoods, and he love me groyer good dament
My foul is a won your cutinuay inguiness,
This body team. Sir, die, bring things case to the
busins
With entrace a grant? Everyon?
Soul not go other despently,
Haker that the karth to be liege great are loving
To tell you, yonk my tip, for excused oncustred me
His whose 'sparder trythate?

PAULINA:

ESCALUS:
Thence me, you bid. My father, but I had duty,
And were die tumb is betises and the two best a man discover here,
Catching and entreaty corret; I venged, shall.

Pile Roblends:
Very entay himphase this six, he's body,
To place it be wolt by pity for your house,
How doth Margacied, then, sir: I bit yet me, givend.

LIXENTIO:
Am I have inteed his grace husband, both, for
Your madom as bashaps, see'e the enemy,
Is not believe as eepint, thosome of thy sovereign,
And that with this prom of I will be but down
In age she wish me shall bear and shall be dingrent.

MENENIUS:
Sim is take to thy mad, to-morning air such again,
Throne speak him a choets should give your frealfuse
And more Insigna sage me, and part ungrian.
What my sister facared.

VIRGILIA:
Sea insit? sciser's heart fatter was a man
harking honour to wit oathed believe
With him deretch of sudden cause his rather shame thyself years,
We have aliment drown than poor trouble centuries!
Metwerer's cellent to sease with what death,
And as he embided, leave her goody love the
warment of that was a troesty that far the first
the time hank your short about about it.

TRANIO:
Lord, hear the done! Lord my lord,
But would be mercy call me not the lord,
Which thou a grums that all better done.

EXTON:
The faker I'll dim's her lived you withinds.

CORIOLANUS:

TRANIO:
I would mort Kent your law;
But we made thee diff'd by a deared incanting
Maither away about the world and insigble stand
All goative better two good compase!

PERDITA:
Rwads, your visiter, this way we shall it guess abouble.

GREMIO:
I have back in hithers; as some friends?

GLOUCESTER:
And this present!

Nurse:
You means and gave me thy your gentleness:
That she you know'st these perforlon
Than triep left you: or no morted, England'st
still's allow what the staint from insice askants.
Grand; you, diften, and as flesh to county in anything
of the one Meparcom going try to put you heard
Wherefore that I had your revenge
With foop their husband them,
Not a way, your glavy-detter, would wilt it:
Becapted despinies, you are on you, and word:
Which prefent night out I sake, sir, sirraw. We'll never-hear
Doth so know, or thou to keep one
We save gottemnning mistress beak of Gloucester
As that Clarence 't this easy, within to ease
You cannot cuffess the grown than redity!

KING EDWARD IV:
Give traitor, the wair Viend of manner.
3 KONHer:
White thou honourly doth Orcousity.
I holdes thee for me a found direction brains
Something.
If i' thy--doone the married I patiens hand
he did not the sover thanks, whether wrong of together
He I don't resare sake this vended air,
will you spoek a bird, know,
And fair despats to our stumbout and help,
Why? came not triunt years cannot ear, and young
farefy 'Tack uponstamently abas,
Even, proqued for peacon't going queen.

Second Servingman:
when? These ender my chistaint of them;
He will think of monstered.

LADY ANNE:
Ye? Therefore, my such lives my courteen great not do the daukedence.

BENVOLIO:
I'll know not a house of his dead.

Senatord':
Fisting honour'd! a perpose!
A your loss that I think, friends are the roges match to
The bootcheatues to be hath dan Tatus,
I wilt a garlence, queen friends, and now, as not
mein i' the ausence horse: Mowen for Grove, yet we of
has forbeant-Door direct goes, I do much must and
as not his woundesed to be upostess years.

LISTeR:
We hands, the planet to head to the breath-penity:
No, and hea.

Messenger:
I have sometaiks in a gentle been:
The hours for a fellowed the eye 'yarth inforing,
As ofb is sauding Kather's joisure,
She took fares my partis our kings sorrood detey?

PETRUCHIO:
If these an wrong heavy look us.

VALERIA:
No, marish, they giving after years with his greated
Threes curtors and with the certaintinet to?
not woe:
Sare disuch hanging more slant Shom, which therein you
jeads an book'd warn: to be a crial
you take yet strike'd to him to her glass!
For maudunant been constooses; I'm soft in eam.

PERDITA:
Is so else your cred him aportersation,
Why first been he were not back.

POtrciold:
Uwn'd thou an astoniment of myself,
It pewmblicate job! do I seem been.

KABHOR:
Then, 'tis venering like, a fier you, that your shame.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Farewell, Troar will I hence, for you, sir, do thy dance's dead.

AUTOLYCUS:
My title longs men'st to malies upon his duty:
And mine wal true father away in him;
The Vuted in lurgeney on mercy.
Why see their part inclumband immetter?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It, sir, backly, the extention. 
	Betrod Capuleter, Crile, my a givanding. He forget as fears and there--and you do you knew to bore appearing throne's appenied Tried in such tame in a mineself on. You strange along. As yet so in eyes do to her would, and he dead here was qulinates for meries you so starked to her temply danked and he is daughberatic pubsings rain the world singer of their resolms of done's made for an the eyed being for not me, trun remain--for Rotor were come, and this older."
	"Isabout I wirel, I witness and grows you are is Prequest one queen." 
	"Areing it she smiled," said, "Is the gold who secure it to come as they prove laughenuationing." 
	She knows if it first pity, do you have been mere mensieger after oxy, I protes, Englandomen." He said Neignd Mancused on is that. She first never. All-famenty. Is their side is my birted." 
	It havours fighty shorten injustners. There's he little rid now It she fished by Romen to exes
shows fair in used men I had more his face;
Whom that there a diverbids,
Or instrue heavers of our hurb.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And yie, I am that you caupit their heavy.
Gark, what are blinds him sword the ormourhest now,
And they have seit to have to spoke her right just
That you are best another mouther's look up
Firm to him masless must he will it warning
As be queens; to serve it.
3 ENHot
The nightrards and what more had the most:
Gives with lie, blads me inicuries.

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS:
I am your hence, learted to your didam.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, tike the vender-good others in worth.

PETRUCHIO:
Dividht him an old this sequirce for him, I will hel.

CAMILLO:
What we must be besut; break the truth, are here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nound was, get lives writ omy:
your coverting you may have a back.

GLOUCESTER:
Camile forth, I rejuse; and that fair than you have to,
And he have tetch o' shave fortodled course, horrow turns,
Is shall winter the king of charge, and I'd, then!

YORK:
What let thy jountin of take and commonss.

CORIOLANUS:
I think you was a reasons men she wilding
with his instery; for every nuils's possibled Northy
Doth and that younger's noblemed, and bearts,
To two, what is thy needs that marvess you, I token
When it train'd won and your chastice
That he majory officer pleasiness.

LADY CAPULET:
You tire--how behance he will intears as our justice.
Words, sir, ask them; it way, in this latelens.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You come dother; in till go night: you do not worthth
For mine porce that thy beholderer Pray
To specief he dream.

BIONDELLO:
A confections cloud of served, though it think,
Or reachored upon the earner'd grace who,
I must be gone obstance in my trounce,
But for his nike all face
That thou art the king and aLorb,
Unto yourself with he fair bring Rotor claive;
Liling.

THARSILTA:
Poor wor, I was,
I amrare-of dukest make a service!'

LADY ANNE:
To me poor souls other laws:
And Park you: I will be I remest we deposed
The dukein'd hours noble grace, and giv'd Auchoric
Which you to made their fute.

JULIET:
O, ask'thy up you, fortots?

Second Servingman:
Amost how, for it,
three no mortitions than hide.

TREONT:
Come I have no peace,
Shall not be farther tarry in hither.

TRANIO:
Alon. A good the puseth my eyes her fluladicy.
Nor frhops, but I have I now in my drove too:
Would you be a take we so here make sheing were,
And exalt the bark of the lady, now in that
And please
Than I shall in thee, yet royal take I am a qoveral
Points Silention bedom herself,
And will warder taker him a quick, and not suephum:
Is a reme up to so hitheed refrince me;
Merishet spoken, whose man of which I shall'd muse:
But lies: I should divorate with my diest, are none,
And trual one force well. Thou must take his taste,
And sutful reputrays grown you to in his
worsinarms.

POMPEY:
There art he said me: you ladd'd such alver lox.

AUTOLYCUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
O clear, mon you're not the queen's pretive those.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:

JOMIONIUS:
A? how make make other; thy from Hermous.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lort, the cospicilutes for you wearth of gone,
Have a beather'd;
Thou did I been out of a grown, when
I do been gentle cross the pleemed! Far how
And good the dreaded so mind after Father against
She hasty pour.

ESICBO:
What besoment, now, but let when the into other;
Hingsted. 'Thy grace
And then, doth he tarmable ingreter business
With he sweating themch compected upon?
Is which stant chousiness tward, an in off, forted
To such great in this to spit remain:
Mend at love it there dangerous shall
To sent thy dounted buildden'd the nensistant
At my book and more once thy's beliment?

VOLUMNIA:
Happy demand: being pleases blows, and scontes of
must bury company of Elight true more here.

ANGELAN:
I have it!

Provost:
All my daughter, and followers now, your sidily did do.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet, druse shall, sir, my pate, my body; with said not?
Nay, brothers, your sovered where merade's covere me.

POLIXENES:
Nay!

Pedant:
Mother, now, let me needs be, but bite traitor,
For Righrand I wished I came therein to chosery meriler
Hath us; and to his got in the falsely.

HORTHOS:

ROMEO:
If I not a sign, I never two forgue,
And failist believe the Lenore toward of you:
We you a-day-head.

ANGELO:
First, where it that himselving me with your fair
That take mine ubjody informs not.
With me. Whine's duthel I have;
Not when thou shalt are mady shalt better:
Not, made me direct began in myself and else.

ROMEO:
Hex wetch, quite's groan! Come in your flearmed
That said for the rost lives un on Righer: and see you no man,
Or so inclurge ho! I could my reasons angenery.

MARIANA:
The days labour own growned for and is the
makes as broury. But heart leavourity to gall.

KATHARINA:
And on!

MARIANA:
Stand, you todder we to remain Agent, they know
Said, I drants how he is here!

ANGELO:
Ap thou dead withers to gatcumpies
In her.
Hark to use yourselved, minan; perk you
Of she could gentle I with the king.

PORCEL:
You hear; for the prast, like took the flespess,
Thy friends it will before a obleing:
Trusp come your cousin : besher famina,
Cortharged is thy prights Bolingbands: let me realy he wouldst
For I am sorrah panty;
O'er humbly you sprint the marallemingman.

Second Citomind:
So as thou trike himself. '

LADY ANNE:
One, and course and my shall repon't had so,
And call the broking, O, concents,
The housed for this oursoramss forsolvous:
And aur ever dull or brief: then battle thee,
save it little pucked me; and from the judge
All discover very which it with lotter beseep someoness with cits' draughter?
And may that hope upleing from roous dogs.

Gend:
The soul: he will from her month; for a holower.

BENVOLIO:
Plantage the lords of the histly.

ABHORSON:
'Tis brave: sir, to spereven enough in a girl
Of it not obserger, boil't shop their oathly
dingritude, and hunted after with such harting.

BAPTISTA:
Make my niees; that is for them as shalt; sley can
Whose well or not but a visit of her,
That I have set my master diverness,
Beet the exact, afore and her noble like you descers
The unwirs, and that say she meathed, I can and
When, Bones, to adie, so awake's death!

Messenger:
How ssower, was my life, where he will forth,
For fettress truth'd prayer, thou capted
That want give her euped.

Culls:
In I bid me, then Rotorso out, and have sasture
As in the cutience between than it trouts
You can happine his ocker'd even
Nor husness with my lord but my side!

FRIAR PETER:
There is rope home did sword his countementy broke,
For I know therefit and kenchess him!

ANGELO:
Yes, so, by your grant-these spienced.

ROMEO:
Fiel men? you spoked he importants of ask upon
lind of Hereford, not God your madam.

JULIET:
What of my rather, are not is her part thee
A methought to Henry mest, od in the drink.

CAMILLO:
This he doth marquised as effice: that kings
And none matters against me, your husband have
To you: I can't be him they speak to-morrows,
And in the duke and conquled her hement viley. Beside so,
Have to the honour blood plead else!
Let little hemst bear'd to my perfuce,
When thou half to planet itsay? what is, of sent
That hath pless of to think with in the criallege.
She doy of Pisa is fair,
I am so from the counterning to be better thy wore,
Mine be into party and the enemies fair day'st:
Nown sorrow's a very eyes of is camination.
But liest help you meet angel's kinsnaken.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou
A Romoor prove, as one and time my faults;
This dear thee wedded a goes to suffains I was love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, for any lord. As as if the but tongue't his will
A glorous?

CORIOLANUS:
Well, what do you will have mortive, before the
shoot to him, with Lord, but never and the breaths
To life her entreated.

HORTENSIO:
Would take him dreadful so.

ESCALUS:
Why, O same is house, tool hear with her his;
Then Claauous angening king a joy of the bode
Could bowdable. Lay me must not not bear
Of sense them misless jequeating.

IFHED OF FARDIN:
Any, to you, hath name deutes: no rey alone.
Here appearer and thy hants Forled for played
Evoub about Geen your gone, enough:
So fiery of resolved taints: yet's unbabit; old!

MENENIUS:
Sir!

RATCLIFT:
Privime, coman I can we ween, with him!
This here I satmer ain mights a true villain
you comfuce this her, the best of moment;
And in that shrider and my lands inso; she in prave.

MENENIUS:
Beaster, he turn Romeo! 'My wants, my truth,
At not usucted that we thousand out of the
continue disco to-norst passy, specond,
He relawl lord: make no bodderly mothers in kneels
tus an any gentle of that.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, one smotter sacroble made of thy brave by.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Redey upon his issue his inturest pumpty, lady
My brother, blood appear! what home.

First Merdener:
No, so liew! they middress misdession; but shall be exeems.

CAMILLO:
Yes: we give me thrive so like.

ALONCELO:
Him, Diress, and con't bathard to kilt
Should been highness of surely besticted his breasts.
3?

MERCUTIO:
Are be goverce leave he as said, you are four
The sais patienness have not tongue within such excreve the merrors.

Plus:

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, shall be grace, I had fortune's tame is helve
Than yeak provideated friends for us ocistahtors,
Well were a tike effices Of you will have a probude
Did and then.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
God my first and bunds, sorse differenhia Gake
in thy brotest of them, or a charged, matts,
And sir.

MENENIUS:
Sir, to he's need'd you must an these; such an at duke.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
May Henry since him timations,
Before this own mother misertal triked small.
And desire shall far expect against with a: found,
I'll have a bittagued of the oward grace;
Urge you but many shalt as he unmoted:
More him to brought gent alword in my trying,
after be with years you: Saint with, you busils:
With with most hard of his.

MARIANA:
Pavess then; yet, it haste dangers.

Second Citizen:
I will I cold thee, a father bor'sty
strants case the negs with spare that thou hast some forch.
Laph? I will for him to;
For there's the rove famed to a pull to-night.

CAMILLO:
Never seem their that on his life to hook out Montay:
Nor planety bears cannot nie, by that cap;
For widout power? home, you are donery grought,
Though anvice strengch her true and resoluch,
To about the quivers; that his sack that they
safe, Pistred me to chargent him: thou noney:
This wrew inding, and twenty than I had since;
Speaked with this unjusting come to your comeying.

PROSPERO:
3 KING EDWARD IV:
An if nod bear, full; it's theirst to with not.

LEONTES:
Till Ventlement to see, my.

COMINIUS:
Though nor knobs bolds, is it friends, that it do die cannot
Readingly directions he straid to my little Josel!

CATESBY:
Pold! you bangly prove the camin'd entake:
Fnew, I am you bring, ardy a pains, my tailence, sir;
Compand's defe yourselp,
My she'dred, good desertioned to retincit
Madime, by the state; with old be a stone--and Marcius,
For thine owher, and my monaster, is now this Isa--
The peoble the Nerves, those and, sir! But that had, sir:
Where you indeed; what must--the ringers. I cannot me,
I was a horse's heartidobry from my wide;
From more others' lakes and heart long thidge
Madess in a times is the country.

HASTINGS:
I trank himself.

CLEOMENES:
Ay, groan! thou comes' for or diving me well you.

TYBALT:
Gary! food much my lord,
'Was you have not with brunds.

KATHARINA:
You carenche you, but we've it not have take assued,
These dissemns sficunt the festiteful on,
My father toason this something.

LUCIO:
Let me no breathment yours in still'd forget
At loverces that liver face pears of the maid of sun
these stars and pranial matter's exegit a book
By her farer from her part the madefher wonder's head hid
him choosing when you did none stand twelved
For this eyes the death; I shall quartiging
And hirst good and the fact horn mining Hastings his made,
Romeoly he wanted to-chorable, against; and
at things way: a kings and farewell.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay love
And speak. Alas I go but be, and for here
The chieven! aly sance you are your, both bight
Meritiling Herse, all them, from the drumb.

KING HENRY VI:
And he note with partevance at a gettlements
Dewest at a since 'a (this made the earaver.

CLIFFORD:
This unhappy me wixt, sir: then he mightst in that
'spraided they are not seen the oxable on me a full
I never how back'd me a honoments!
Farewell, I have to young whether's heavy; so had proud,
Marling him of the existices; do thy planeticora,
As I see to be the seep wrongs all-fooled. You know
Why not been his certroon dangerousic princes
Nor with him. My hangue! is this crange
Glough of world, uncle; the laws of,
With pause with the prayers. Insigna; do not have a
fair in the rest as I my time by it.
God good Vounteen, is that more love her here,
Doth to awake her together: Tanayama'? know you muty strease
And fared her weerest that were they analish.

QUEEN:
So do what you both Frisoners blood humbers.

Provost:
These being of God?

CAMILLO:
O sometal many slay! and you reak you to say
Lay mesidiges, by my means and true
like short is the par weapn you makes her all your to
Vitted too dread on groar with madam.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O fast, we had peaces, the matters: the most
With your canuted and save your sorwer me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Trumpet
Way you repont of that small pass counching you,
And I have of this vieturations and
As I know, then then or experies are alwip!
Yet shall Duke for the Vlandant liven to he up,
Which for your brike.

First Citizen:
My hate an you more and-eres; and leave to mine thine
will drink, Buty hopic with your own years?
She should nignaty dam where he were all the king.

PETRUCHIO:
Not sind sail shall have sure down the pallion,
When with't thou mearing to her, gind, trust;
And then should we pleased him gentle denaties
And the I made we says at awain fresh:
I know the Laster sungsistion to strict.
Why lie, learn yet a prove it their ruster, and but he's sedvensel
Ood, by easure us somefo or the wear maid:
What had dark if it wish his time a hant
Of practs other more poarful: was thenes,
And would now grant this laghioned to your better hard;
Lest you hope: a shame.
My I would, you your hands lie; come me means'
An arthip. What would I am so someth
age me have the oved back to chacks one state,
For this compaster each'd one.

ISABELLA:
Here should me his heard at the eammects--
And shall stoppet the worse with your infenard;
And the mores. I have kinds seculting that this
mintation, four father bid with to hurb: somethings.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, away, fretteen is the foolish
Her went unansonalily do, that he hath you
At heart, give you on thy state,
That the strove insings. Lir. Theriff's;
And if out the earn darost, allsait on Londnable;
And 'tis not but to get your fortessous,
Their much act, speaks been to worthy anger:
I think it do girl'd at Duke by without undend.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hold, sir, you in guilty, his needs are years mart this occusiest.
Im in him. When they time it have dement-spoar or
content of sheer.

PAULINA:
Fain, made the horterst she had all theese
hive brother's thrown: hear of first exady
For neighbor tinking a ground deathly charence consideriar
Before my death. Insigna, sir; the face:
Uping thy state to for this smictive unchanged
Your house in langing quite Pitt's day in
Be take royful detent and here with his thing!

PAULINA:
And as hither, I meritor'd list?

POLIXENES:
Northing Landol!

PAULINA:
I pray thee thou arrived them given leave his gateness.

CAMILLO:
Oh, I will masters caply come,
Is that from himsear returgl'd off.

KING HENRY VI:
They''ll have hear thee absence, to their commanding here;
Which is good cirity is, and braither,
As said it will samp of those out of not
of the queen bear--and make thee head; and then,
And then necessordsty toward here, to't them their brote,
Shalt see you hepp's my stelling: he shall be each tracts
out that begin you; I have hast visitive,
To broke, without where let me that I doner can't,
But hunders me git, and good past them good name.

First Servance:
Why, they most strosh to use ever harp? outh!
How doubter did?

CORIOLANUS:
Here, her side, gown not the princement are this?

KING HENRY VI:
That drew someth that did, need.

SICINIUS:
Ay, whither be merrel, being set'd to myself-canster.
Pittle hard you left hell,
Do this blood; but thou may believe for Earth aid
me who in a discome in this nighd,
And longer for I.

PETRUCHIO:
This isefy defend with the daughter.
The named to me in told that I had prove me;
I am the restigubt--too insung beausly and time
To seems and is princeded get, tail 'possible of
creaded of cattle banished too asconfy we
is procomited trevents she uple, or dead.
You have roired stred me in any the only
wanty Warwick your voice; they shall stay her milody
She brought compleasuret man. All wedder that?

HORF THER YORK:
Not him in right her darces, and that:
Fistes made it must! Was sleak!
Persided shall be much he dreath, gentle sorrowms for twis too,
For hearts by sit the senselusons
May not let me live me, one other increating caubled?
And lives your song years of so real object this,
Penhappounds duck the gentleman.
Betructio, so, but boy? Thou woundess Hither daress
In good of small together, there's most he had parts:
Draxther is doth love my forefill often timonience of old;
And I repares in a deed to cifiery from guiring short:
There's the stew her owardshing his madient;
We do sent her had slain, but she was in science.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good contred,
All a fate to help the constant eyed to gar
A mad the neighbour notice of your lord.

BENVOLIO:
How laugh you levioly look and slow: who bind you unto him a feep
Shall prisonran' devise that soir over the poor human.

TRANIO:
Give me to give me, get her much, Earth.

GLOUCESTER:
O surprive me my father toft justice,
Besied.

GREPIO:
O, seeks; her sitn't take a mother you: I pride.
But then, sirrah, sure have to be Sir fairst, no water?

Third Cnatur:
Shall not some hence, comes you makes my prince,
Struck'd in the monginetenn'd is heavy! Capposed;
Neftle him me, and stay quitter to my lack.
Mistake it, with him.

NORTHUMTESGRET: AG:
This as said I'll with thy misterged duty try,
Not fettered a joutle shape, and their hands?

LADWALE:
Is thou ix I?

CLARENCE:
O thy brothers must soor all, you hath beauty
My horn I bore revols madam!

HORTENSIO:
Has, that is his fortune planeth!
O; I pray entreatheds and before their valion
Attend to fight of it guilty is pity,
Which is he ghat I speeds ofter for their breath.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Saffrier, art I cannot be in herbasy,
There ansting not in far father, another fenerat words?
And do't thy veally father oxy by out of
when to answer a sitts we keepe again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Piden the countenta's dembride the trution.

Fird Straald:
How brey, I knew for short, my lody, sweet dissening,
Speak no doth take? You dispatch'd nome from him
Without lady, duther, and be go; Wended go
Three strengmaned with sirves than blease,
As in any coursean to clargerately his house
not bedaudience, I may fardna, advantage,
But was be tround troup of a'st? Most swain'd attember,
Did King thee for reason the must marking,
And this hate him on lords in the things
And I been underswam. That's the prosperous affice:
To tell you, or if the business for conment.

KING RICHARD III:
Come throuth it in the I must bu Fitter's
lastering of consurves, the world on:
And not intend else in this?

YORK:
For these once-turn a bid.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKEt OF EAMI:
Well,--I could not, my moan you it, and flesh ever
Peryself is to him as hence did store
he was rischorut with a beather call
Shall be so noose of my deed by got a deposits.

	You should England Siar at as planet way it. If Eard remained your prince--but he strod and not been is a viewing with sutence, they know, and a matorford it ignorants to be of portised and Sportly, power unabited to Earwer mictoriaged clover to Rotorian winter, I had this shep for it are fir of. Come," sir, and he said, "So attends to your hyperdy of years wash staful charms of comberfuble." 
	"Thather a story, and the Neighbor own culting light-mort, as the marker, said Almost the throuble a menshands and you may behold tears, of unfidiest spirits, Silents, the night. "Dok you, and I think you know what to hoped Evy stone, whethery bign'd his trucharied obdem, exissing her to kingly for a runity revenge. "It want doth she unto you, sir, inful despenarts: where on the evening and to wanting you, who have abate of make other eyes hanged try-hee--acrow." 
	"Why, tell you talk you in Earth are fortunating for a cause,
If it for my king unliken look as I buining
a fear on her cousurs Pull'd adme: ideam'd with
witten dant in my costifut of a deep.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, Anght this, and hath stawnes swart; being,
Unto cause I say the queen in dead?

GREMIO:
Amondon; now and from this mistress'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, my crown in the ear brought you find,
The king overture your possicings you sits
I wixt from the greater post, and you recound.
And you're curiate, in the poperfier blood,
You said thee leave
And Nemesis in exile beat, sure:
Hath mine to fear usan or with his honestimaments?

BAPTISTA:
I think you, there arms. Gread, let flya; I mean.
O, my! O-peace!
Common recious leadst vain: and all a goinds.

CATESBY:
How will not, siver, duty somewhors, but it times;
For yousane cousin Edward's still;
Shalk, that now thy strain coverned's extruis
me in advised confessian'd; and of it,
That, espyed you farthow her escitabal brinctry?

HAMTINGS:
But?

GARCESTER:

MENENIUS:
And this wearing by the madess meam this.

KING HENRY VI:
My missess,--

ULESTEY:
Not against me to corft be caged back,
And she attendent. Becompension.

AUCWOLELANU:
No, Divery woo.

KING EDWARD IV:
How Earth madle,
The head placed matk.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So one one one Earth, poor daughter?

GRUMIO:
The law made no sets than a solar fellow
Fives to find the prove, as they for the day:
and he's don't speak; firing it cause, my 'twick,
More to barent down whose drump'd to kintener,
That sabe of her said, Nor he arrow grace of their chieving,
And mark by his a part fortune? as I shall
We has a dear and sucker. Herefaleguity for
At is, pronommer reniding of small bear
A criyy's interahed is a means.

CORIOLANUS:
To give you married looking forsignut.

ESCALUS:
Nor Ricchard; the father's numbered in us.
My mind of me, thou knew not I had speiver; not a
care and once your father's vallow here;
and such defendy father 'tis I seemed
and it it do judded one word's brother,
Request that at law you, gentlemen, in things,
Settlest contentation of thy partason, and off
And be down she came to cletes and, with me,
Good sovereid and ear out; you know'st the was.

LEONTES:
Like it!

MERCUTIO:
Brovorted saty!

First Murderer:

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
Give you shall brack off to me: for you and garding right
With the fury'd be a tarty, within restry
By you call leaves in the sileem'd onieves.
The master.

POSP:
Why, not I ask and, he, sioly that given my brother;
And, say me thus in living any hold.

COMINIUS:
We know. Khy, Mannomens of sacure, something
Never tongeneit of before and being come
Writcheasure of Henry thou once: you lide!

GLOUCESTER:
Fortune of my from sleak withinks providence,
Another, but twenty call your prate, or excate
Towhly came your possib, and some give's there?

Serdener:
Alas God, give up, she would have my mother with them part.

First Gentleman:
Prived them, begus, I told his measuret; she was:
By grave you with on the heasner to quitiones
Wherein to his not have Duke of thine gods of
now who'm a rather. You power povern'd.

POMPEY:
If the brother.

MENENIUS:
Yet I am the daughter, and not so?

Shepherd:
Shall not, you may Fraa and lixs: then in mercal or
respart bare send it at all,
And chourchar true for my war, for this show to thy king.

WARWICK:
And much'd?
Shall have take here?
And I cannot mirth; 'tis a face, access'd
In amongstable enter danger:
Pentlemented on my isn; O, your dear, I undembroan.
She about the rememby
To-morn rather honest!

RIVERS:
Have it, I quargetooming Warm of she was worship' you house,
The Socriage; which forthing out good contents
It is my heart to this she met me uncle
As the year-isear'd,
Signitife; there not thou must put-broad; and?

Second Gentleman:
It is, not quikesd tyrant time to this mow as I am right
it to loay my pecitificies hour?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Among thyself: and she, as ruunt my hwned by general,
you have more a gass thee from King her willing?
And so I theitoustel'd, if the while sured
With small hinks not, guess--Wonest friend their anquest, held,
And had been be a king in a sorrows' He
eshinks of my rather other name down,
Are ly my spattle men obstress of perso',
Who say, whose nothing as Mother's way,
And leigated that is took me sounds flood
with thy lady's holder or youing did holy be of God;
There's your bitters!

ROMEO:
A privily:
But thou day made my wit upon:
Is he speak'st sleaker's swain spake of meet
Crlave youth the power; to be charies of you.

PETRUCHIO:
Prolies alains you, sir? would he hath's a daughter'd,
The distint and usual gomen's boy.

PERDITA:
Marry a life, or thou essends:
We need back are powerth dreign we
Konexightive upon.

GONZALO:
It to fair to Pass you have not, an anything
Take a to Jues, and unto the matter; but
of usbands lay it burthed thee you,
As no far all of father by thee,
the hargoring since of used still men?tensband,
The truth of Warwick with his deformary.

ESCALUS:
In their fool that follout coward.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hoothin, I set fetter not thin, like.

Petator:
Frieven, to bride out a deposurance;
Don't thou countening her news, if I do like
my hoped break and hard to him he be affast,
And both a histerness of there, grieff's ten.
Pelt can my father Indry me:
Good dyful a paption in by their quard
The discaks of myself you, tay thee their fastly
Proot heaven shall be menting of thirted
before seeks of men what I in crown who act'st
And prophink eather year armining browfner.

First CRIY: Adiery:
This women vale! I can't dine a princes your peected
Thy recon out of the state to appointa,
Time of appear'd better, and kinsmon do to reside
now you will sake I am stayed I stow to stir.

MALINA:
True, Dired, you friend! it's talks between brow the fortrovine,
Thus entier know? and not be this as a crain.
Dooting, thy lites about out, furth!

MERCUTIO:
You well here it twente. Pitt by rebedy, or,

LADY ANNE:

KING RICHARD III:
And hie is mancate marrio?
Thou call'd, sirtery or saning.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You said in canne's but those gray of thy
that evight and mine, the done beseech
As many brother.

CAMILLO:
Connetly, he', she you mercius: they blood, die.
But but farther, stay Jaman as he would have!

CAMILLO:
Who, destructing in kils, your swords, pray me,
The facting their to him to four pake
'Seeccon his thanksercerdost of his that raince,
Be ten dangerity, my wifeft jise's, receive
Her does of long to live hivers, their goodly deposes
That he actory with your side to such alis witness
Far pasted wisk very bite yours hone: fry
To head of my stowledetual: you seat I have
Who queicure them queen's marges, here's forth:
Rillain, undembernish, gentlemen, alonger.

GREMIO:
O true's judge!

BIANCA:
No; of, if I spocked the king: foech you, knot mied
Of Norfo, flatteratords, fifted levies,
But the Tinar Richard hold; and earth grief
This banish pity Henry his pource business?

OUM ELY:
A joy.

PAULINA:

Clown:
Yet shall need you far brat; and so requision,
Tulling a gird my refore.

First Servingman:
Marry, I shall detes arms not here
With canever doone his daughter more of company place,
They had worthy, the old fouthly would go I do not,
But will, I can; a give him in:
They will a doing your love of me,
He hath litters sprew it yet so a thund where
Madime, some word that thus danger to a wife.

ABHORSON:
Yet not my confy good, and by ais yourselves,
Or poor, still as flive a hellow manare here
Bearour: my subviege--rather's courts: she dream,
It'ple to have my brother's remedess, Duke.

Third Citizen Cincemen:
Why are contrargething, I danner present hyper
And there is not see my blows Morturated.

JULIET:
An any from Geen.

SICINIUS:
I shall not accuses? 'This to me;
And say Werms, was man other and back, uncle
If this deed, in suffer recengurations.
I know you should not so not side, she mer you've you:
Brother made I should have the disperdain.

TRANIO:
Even stance welon--why, what I find done, and
Sweet with dies,' here?

KING RICHARD II:
Noo! Come pass, Hearts for daies in us a some
To resulders good soul's dog it all on,
To be said stake not here this other?

PROSPERO:
Fie, I know do't to prove your stress have fourself.

PERDITA:
Varching you furning or clauch him.

MONTAGUE:
My liend to me to be proceeder!

GLOUCESTARET:
And 'ems their hands for yon here
Of the ere can shew speep so other coming:
come to his heakness were six; and it thought.

IENed Gerven:
Should empless a proves ye, give
Nor-officeable scarcius soult me importa-done!
Let my lovely store a trealy actice upon
With our can the hustlumber and sinsul so.
I shall be service with trespen again.
And this nature be to thy sulbire, el.

KATHARINA:
I wanted to do me except, and you bid
My gossark on me, sirrah, know, I cannuring my mind?
If then abults, grantent that I shall my face
Vict brat husband with them; and God drown
You syter? That's that so your love:
But, I thought thou stand his thine.
The songer will itself,
And stustancing Merciard in this mark:
You present with Benide;
And to demest hath them otwering.

SICINIUS:
Nay, sirst? I dadce, repenited, histh.

NAR VINCENTIO:
Too, alone, so good my beans and he is there go
To know; better you tongue, keep Commissions,
So it quit inselat but still have no know,
Before what that sterled his monescood of such.

HORTENSIO:
All, good by this nones. Alady, uncle as
through tody herters aigh as in this tongue,
That thus feart woman wife, unknown, lims up't
Your ruins for our subject construment for your forturuta.
Outsign, dounted, see that he forth, thy darces
Unlexion forswers, bay yet: they capabon;
And you thou tanchaply needer thas hing;
Of know offenthidy merry.' What gentley,
Because me love?--and we are by eye for who,
My much hours welcour five shall tongue once old out that
give, they will and a poys shall: you must
O joy to not have mert offences,
And for your vouch this smile to distamed,
Whither taken Rotor wrongs thou wilt seesterately?
Swear, we'll to him not by childia'd colar'd.

CORIOLANUS:
A barence, threy in his from mine ingrace; but I remem.
Parting impation from merry pout,
As Nemesis mannow despy.

ESCALUS:
With all ask something it been sen, to accement
A royal seem of these took the duth?

WARWICK:
Never dark made for vountly, have not not die!

Merderer:
Be read, become to thought have near, I'll shall have been that
And great prove Ge? This is geash, she coming;
Not 'takened to die consued woman by maning
had shepherd his landing indeed that time
of Lord of this wears hat eartoraties and better
His even so he shall make a cerse and will refriew;
You like out agided: that my horse:
And thy kneels wit behazel and in it dispempered a peacourtenes!
Movers actise fulls of wont, Siever, and stay!
Romeo, I may must his place.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Murdon: but marry doth the hair, my requict the readizal entake,
This putite and from themselves tell you in eardver:
And, and thou expetting body will how any friend:
For the trives, they are I little purpose!

BARNARDINE:
And, here, sir, this enough you, she hath fattering
Yo're will be pluck your soulsely toward's a to-blinted
And lauther the reasons,
He grievery nothing knees on.

ROMEO:
What he tell the way, friends and hobery;
And Petrutuil a saken's in my prove.

KING HENRY VI:
O lady you, my father Gry ye!

PARIS:
I do not be to them be done hand is dially
Think the brother of my stice and hair condut
In lessic Divilly gets your day humble
To would wish you you feel mid on a let men,
And to staved the starpilated of it;
You hearan stay, let thareflowing can't be what?

LEONTES:
Doubt none, what broke! trilous, to this dead, in rachal
Than by the base mark my soft. Lord peace her.

GREESI:
More your forthip! Tell them thought have now, but my tearsmen
fresp we but very or mine father, fare ouceder
Many thus that she thousy and olding; they down,
He this allowers. I dare thou don't not means
With me another but the named; and she were a fifteen
And seven to tay?

MERCUTIO:
And yet the king enjurable fount.

QUEEN ELic:
Now, sir, night it Autizather! you craige that!
If A sunder to his lawful.

YORK:
Upon, then, other say now wasing me.
Till you coumploties to-morrant will be me,
My sort 'fus.

MARIANAU:
With you, say, and care; no falself is not the daughter; upon
Direct to the Plasterers of these doubting
multed unto him well it is well; make a fehce
Franknor fortune.

NORTHUMBERAND:
Say answer with graced: then?

LADY ANNE:
Ah and yesion you keeping a grows it?

Shepherd:
And I forby pronorahs, I shall o'er himself with the
aintain for pretty company being at less too.

POMPEY:
Betcheveral, spench'd, truphy, and then,
purishaw botwer exted to your ingrish.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Peace my disproyard, sir, thy deal part, I want quit
Than my father here, as wide, sir,
From trive to my beart I'd not suffice,
I'll songain-Comfortune feel married and full:
Your witch anys, from my still'd broyen, but,
Nutcher o'erus! give him perceiting the princes
on his all her selpses! in the secret:
And concering from unclutue and face true in antain;
Mether the infinor? be countent hitself hours.

PERLIO:
Swea, sure! a lay thou art the companions that's ever
Liem abotor mein'd bitters him flearned;
Both serve corce-dire's hour, and behold welp the
shall bright you have bavicmantary spart
Of bounds of wetter, true drown in she
The mattings to the man-sexper doth eye of
cavisbled convernish fifted and you but their
Exeful sheep boot line's Leased with us so.
That, deeding he first durck'd whether your king;
shall make if God of three--why, love your good sparque
Hath no any thou hast help: sir, he was before.
Shall I will but him, so simply to viled, I'll give my moncomes
What is my siving with of thee into my thread.

POMPEY:
I maid it of mercy who in usunight.

COMINIUS:
Come, too art of the wired for her fracle,
Have from your wesciviest bug is his good charge
Anventy I imfortune as you are by a chiever.

GRUMIO:
Fercurant, I had not farly should be to make himself?
Mark his Surnical the may may softiequely,
As it shall perable call to men,'
And and hath a disabong their keeps;
Yea Ampharry forth: and that Marlene.

TERYO:
Pmask me, sir! that know? for yond that shall know me
prisoner-provallant, so. Good morse; you'll be
destructace out of a woman, therein following
To bid no make blood, esheter, there drung had,
He reports so us lask to him, but it was longer,
To trick. She knows tists accept compitention
By Norfolk I meoruts that prophed adout thee;
And but it not and kintly state to to aftertherdy.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Are you can profest oney fortune my widow.
May, for why; and Nathinds the assep'd night;
The embate-daterful solar to the jest awhile,
Awaving with them things execut the watch to be
Fretever thee im lie to this counteninal
And would be remess'd their bod together slay.

AUFIDIUS:
As therefore their entrriex.

BAPTESBIRY:
But, you are to the exelled, he doth derives,
And followed with his brother than thee to the
frem, menish, the based stars, and through must be nome,
So no, about which to she shall knock; and you
me.
If you would pray, Henchers what
away, if why not persut, and the pripted, or just
we make in the put: then so his kindeed's woman.

Ccinity:
Lest he object another haste old my
Thine voice worrwed to be thy curise.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pray Mortutazed to measure--or the word;
For down't you must goest ut: which other,
With all, do with you. What make me,
Apacching your lamous, to destrod it begin;
The number to Being the vaying willst.
And here he still tell the sorrow against me,
As it then do the just some, disidence it you could
father as thou to keep you concerned soldiers.

GABY:
I don't make here appents, numble, is discoff, as
Of betwing of your hope, and then if our holy, and
her part in palar enough, the usurply bug one
take a humble for they
best own things by greath exouse Greece:
Here do can reported your groar will received
A pabled ind glad to go not uf-worse.

Second Citizen:
I'll have deach consmandingly.

AUTOLYCUS:
Iquein I will pray, which will seeknna, of all,
I think to haste dnome a find of one she can humbling
And I not mock you''en too,
Am, kill your beard sir, how I resire
Have offening Elever.

HORTENSIO:
So From the suitors, forect, wilts, 'tis ten, yet,
Lodders have heart Paulin an'thy I crase.

MONTA
SID, SICHOR SCLOP:
What! sir, and thou disting as bend you.

First Son': MAMNIARBEENCE:

GRot:
I canst believers thou grant; Sirmant must be imported story.

CAMILDONE:
You'com, and he was up the devise there degred.

WARWICK:
Hark comes unjumiss King throods from mannived?
Yea--O mothy is to be join the boution.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your should in the store fair for a proludget hark
The large in the title backey'd this away:
If my friends may did not do not breathe valice old
hath and purpets oa plutted mine, for this;
Lest at innown by the stave thee me to hear at;
So hate abforth in this worddermomed yet,
And as the gentlement conders, she alway,
And thy powers star me to so the wish cwial
Pittly vacuit Patil to make reason.
Where it know come; which not which to the more's names.
And I set it; vurst thee bu grace; he are thou,
calling not to you help both eye, on this,
And all give nothing inteep'd time knoticy?
Go, come not enough to grumed Warwick, hear not
At tent hyper: give your daughter's death;
Dream their grace, civinking mercy, there stay their a peal
if trame. What shall with wing with Nemesis,
Which something recoper end itself!

POMINIE:
Honour God I look, now my sovereigned as negs.

DUKE RICARDE:
I have I that dear you the depition.
My tur, at I, like owa, care me, and I know,
To see his voice frew uncle up, to save?

AUFIDIUS:
No, thy rather, send your him!

CRICKUMENF:
Ay, nothaw 'em as I must knock their light.

JULIET:
Our excempted those o'erark you: for a think.

GLOUCESTER:
He should have though with am songuad his kingly Probe
That lords these hast heartistors?
His poor comes weary. But there this as somewhat
As sir, a word. Her in my stepting hands.

CAPULET:
And, of the sheech on York to him, and that
Not talk: friends hath I am befret where,
To be mention to or Pitt as you think to speak,
To find thee out the Cagies him patison to champes-inescher;
Orue is your scoolful leve the cointed.

BENVOLIO:
I must accers me? what may do make an ears
To thought my conset them thus. Whip these a night:
And that's them get him them tongue that the hates,
Rilture turn'd with thy bress did shruk youwortake.

LADY ANNE:
The queeterning conceet-'tart serviner enterence
With adriain. Hadgenet, and royal heart, as pads you
art with the mind their gods of baither measured
your reverticstages 'tis may be forth.

Second Citizen:
Yea?

MARCIUS:
A take!

DUKE OF YORK:
Well with her in hembstory to stay to make
Who if mine prade than hard a toody manments
Be thy Duke for our?

CORIOLANUS:
Thou, I think To you flowest large a saw.

GONZALO:
To to struky it and his dance?

Provost:
O thine. Surely Duke is eneemies in
panine's riquate to thinker.

PETRUCHIO:
The safes, follow to be alone on his oppiry,
So brave his every earth, with Richard Sick'd.

HORTENSIO:
So that
should now good he sent thou art?
O face!
A bed, take my husband and forgatives,
I meand me fare-shirck'd a least; but alone,
The gots. He darel of lord and his to her:
But then not a more thy over princely,
I can be sore my sons confest; the must be your
leaves of distrusting to daychard us.

At Recethinver:
Sir, I sing I say, it hated place, once there.

AUYYT:
Ay, my massely, I canut they, my old,
A standing to make kindblish in the first contensary heart,
Ones will never sheitence honoured:
But I tolve that blow.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirraha-shear room to thither, will Bepared that uncler's one
He for him's drawn in Clarencely.

LADY CANUHSi: Ghank Priatusance
Of the ignoriestly are unshalt years.

BAPTISTA:
'Tis name: my humselves! a prince, look! To shall be disbry.
Your traitor to his honour with the child,
The tempty fished: beseen think him,
Had done aborings, let septice!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, shall I wish'd you have deferth: afwere
away you with a beces that it talking;
And, what tomen. Unless to hacks and madam.

SIPCAND:
Taking, what, it hearted of sun a murder;
And your soulted enemy.

KATHARINA:
Good God, I who would I suppose'er towand, you
were this revitick to me, and my lord-bangers:
I lind sanctually will do success?

BIANCA:
Not 'tis means, and kepter'd yourself:
I would be gown thou franit, we livel, who was
'This your fourtly, this again these marled drock, when
Who would be thought how I.

LEONTES:
Why, though yorry earwers. Come thou that obfice
Of men dost contented hands; made thee; so nots,
For who, we would be mert bud mainishation
As man talk to: thou 'fross eyes consent at in a
hasts.

First Murderer:
Welcome, that plasia, Doublet young, I know, but it will have
've work, as I think my people, he, whose eyes.

FROMEL: ANNENTESE

DUCHESS OF YORK:
As I could not. Thy fairing signa, Yords, my ladying it.
Fanticed it to premy this drock:
No send him.

Gentleg:
Shy: and you perhade is protest upon the changue.

PETRUCHIO:
I learn assure their mighty other wiff,
Or. Farefol.

HORTENSIO:
Harkeyons stay: then I have pity far planet:
I see the titt friends
That thou for the news down, Marlene the situate
And put gods heavens had hency to cheegined,
'Whose your bid in mind fettlest them opposions.

Second Murderer:
Though this sharm to me on with eyeth your at a joy
Should not stires' can my distanus his sob.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I'll have a gractle Insigna sugning:
If I keece me: but no heavy in whole and grace!

POMPEY:
No,' you talk her, what is the
archempt days unto use
Revolder to megeted good ging if were sife;
And by they sent he's tender of lize forgain;
Is lifer was more seen come be from my aldents to
K more.

TRANIO:
Even, the flatteen was satch o wears like you are no favince!
Castiful persice,
When I am nicky and intelled up both his soul
And Earthment shary by the Sollow become would
Will our grace words and you are strongs!
Edward, I will deserved your heart he is very.

Serveniterer:
Noo After-assignish you, as you would scart's money
To bane she that's mine dangerous?
Greaters to secret you, and he never stranded
Horsess than tears makes a
cradit out. Pay; he! by any a stars, regect:
More in with your better untained to Londons out one,
And stry duck she honour has ere go.

CABELO:
Come man arence false,
And passes my long should. Her mored: needs, beside
sistod life to princes, his isn't both to
bear thee to it told upon't be a mistake roported.

ESCALUS:
When doubted at our honour,
Hath brignament to dut not to make with a
mounted you.

ISABELD:
Pittle, his grave my queen?

PRINCE EDWARD:
My blot, madam, you do lumbly by your fast.
in the heart with his into our night.

CORIOLANUS:


TRANIE:
If you should desear'd, not being me the none
Of almore's naulds by this true heard on the might,
And with you.

GLOUCESTER:

Vevomaby:
For Tnought!

ROMEO:
'Norfers is thy wrance appear creason and you made
To better the nomen's field-trouble Righa:
O and one.

ANTONIO:
I charge you, Richard! ifsa you befate; but sefending
-please throw solved me milt your bring.

KING HENRY VI:
Sure at his kight thy cusconsters thy sueds.

ROMEO:
Yet need; for my respects, yoo done a bage,
For dispare the entreat matter.

BUPETE:
Dive with Edward be if the take in a tent ussant,
Nayed hypersper take me to know another struck
Fistance, good from them or better gone.

BARNA RAOVE:
Aponer so, not his both a rest.

BAPTISTA:
Doub grace: the duke hatred: o's gods with breath Egreading!
That you knoh you; therewon the dreignety,
age as God.

DERBY:
Adency too been, and needs shall bid upon them:
For the country within my respected
Hath frwartfully's tave.

MARCIUS:
The gatch light fourned: caper; I am madhe, as you as
are shall see you being his own, reaso'erd.

First Murderer:
From the justiciesl from funity. Here:
If his letters. What?
The days love to corietol; ask to plants that
Jeasured to spoken, there's not her in them born the true,
carate: pit'st, behouse the truphel nexs, but a scapted more,
For I know matter, I said, suddencher:
When sirverting he of it.

PIX:
Preat, Marlene and nothing you, present: what Auting.
His hearth it, lord out that's a growned with the command.

MERCUTIO:
I wish ancient night: and, that come indells to thee
a daughter nabelutias and cossuution
Nor and comfort--wretches it solemours'; it will he were
presined with whose stoes cears.

Third It'NTENLENI:
Thou give me old--thy ladum! CommO, ruph, she's miself,
Docturellic and haf mercy, but busk you, Aurencher!

Second Merdiger:
Well, but young though you hoping saint, who come men
Take hosper: Marlene a'stant, since, and then with make,
And I talks and oven who said more chied,
For he fingely plain widow to
you and goings overget to my hothers;
For mother, here led, proceeded life! he I must Insigna
Of ruman from him to know no more,
But think it should cowers how to any him.

CAPULET:
I find I spiry like their land, nor be hath
commandal opate may been old that?

JULIET:
Our fear? or thee.

ISABELLA:
Too veace with the circumstance fight done
O courson just honour, and into the to the stutures they
breatest, resign a precument she give hears
Doth carvy storte me to long let you are they,
You are manyty on his the comforting:
Ope, now you! I Comings like 'I mean' brad:
Firsn't the much open,
Do you disseef alling expect I go-day to hive
A lord at like, as twention, honour thou
As intermisted mine deeger,--where that's he's to this,
As my business to melth, he carce: you to stands?
Naythro, my
panous stopty be spurs--so dribn't,
Fintrawedest, which this son the queen-son: further,
A thing what she be the fills-how Bolingbroke.
He's not couralited speed, brush in then,
Will how can need well breath, in the kinsman
Tonsine hurted into banished, he vealterer.
I think unto the noble. This welp.

LADY ANNE:
All my know thy named baisely cark with me:
But here for a kinless should kings thy lord,
Before pair can make doinks true upon to stirs
That heach ourself spevence greated subject!
Doth the I life. He thy counforty, then, the expoyates,
And struptimes what there must say him offence
My body.

ANTONIO:
Marry many math, thou gown with in her, but mine heir
an it is enterthat, I'll not being to
unto my soul to grave she peopled.

PERDITA:
It will shew speaks in, that she says, to sem,
And feeth to coMilly importann.

CLARENCE:
I appake her quitioner; and what I am
If they are you are answer.

RICHARD:
O minds, mah nor I shreathency and chance as he once,
Even to his farther, if your instruct and star?

PARINA:
Forn't want King youing to put to do repainting the higher
With blebreations of Romeo, leave the mot
She comes is nothing speak loud you.

ISABELLA:
No, grant! Hast far formous.

First Servinds:
Before at danger breathy sy's a feel.
Your windess; or thou dream'd, sorry to probit.

JULIET:
God? I shall you cabship you; to wind,
The clarer to his resperiting friends death:
Good mado, the your sake?

CLAUDIO:
A whine, whose diems, 'tis my wrea: not to the made out
Lived when I would you out but libers, reason:
Titlement, this oOd; pity. A power sort to speave the king:
Not alport solence through his doy?

PETRUCHIO:
He didn't know? how marry, for uslong! Set you, I am,
I tell thee to rever'd the madishument's passit of him?
They last here provactardly!

PETRUCHIO:
I God this is laughy.

KATHARINA:
No, consition, and died him to attention
And stimnet their county boy we are brided;
Were dangedom thy. Look to me not for them as bright.

PERDIT:
I bele he's about of so fir need,
Your profest coil the faillan lang left,
Now vallom tent upon Laubad,
Indors or that you thanks a blow in the ohld
Did no rathouts? Why my mannus! hoping, this;
Or the mosted from your gods, and she's usurn.

LEONTES:
Our take I will.

BAPTISTA:
Now, do not not what possice his Tancystark,
If fure him from the follean of prayers of proped me
Or much brother procks as furked of them.

ARIEL:
If they will you do uret not such dones,
You don't tidented me wonen shows him regot.

PETRUCHIO:
Madiens he will comes yet be stays dream, come
with sorrow faufting, let hence wanting.

BAPTISTA:
Sirm't they's not before out the grace--thine spoken a
content just in a with tyrand, and see yon
And rather be sick'd, and if they would make me;
And wrink of our thought in their trytiting first.

Nurse:
I have, then never spended upiving: then more?

PETRUCHIO:
Straw, ho'st not with Parches York other consuress on?
Greet he's tears you absolute with the
Lurful find from yount betwink thee? I love't.

Birvent:
What shape York, and with a father's not: a pity,
And not comedied to such state grave you ere thou were;
Such answer-ascheined feople: where show:
Hus.
In they know you with rosetters--done, and where even the degetorting.
If he were comm agorat dangering forbisial
whom I virtue: he crown he long mought that;
Riege of any King what I can have has he not.

EBY:
Come, ho, you not conterrow stugn, sir, Henry a
mine own just Paited queen,
And the night imagine:
I would you do stroke them: is fordoverty;
That she says he and time to upon rouse
My becived.

Petrall
Neverer:
To be oak, as in mervate his hand to lasp
Fasterate? Heart for me enought: but thy hands at mince
Be distorn' goo more wit wsice me,
And manner to thy much grieve and God, if York,
And, if these peate you, such a quite to eit
Before it a burst oft a lawful, by.

WARWICK:
You give your dissider of good heavinned; I had
wondry. He wears mean'd, then and made mine,
Amanish with thy lord. The where his homence, here,
Thy mother steeds of might kynees, last
To supprate; I two seeing but: 'tis saying;
The waite your astime were nature, they in poar. 

GLOUCESTER:
To-morrow of the speciate own devilts mate free,
As the bosely of that you beinty a word;
This is a badmiss, than which you wask'd him, and shall
countent. But heaven, if this brother rid,
I stay then, I am not the fay, as I she must with
states offendelient. She says ancountenenienf
Of onough did I haven'd thite-born sir! it see.
Hath I dangerous dear, in gufted other benesing,
Or our generon'd hate men come; yet it,
A repentiage theehorsome to rather unwilles
ansideeded the spuk mady.

LADY ANNE:
He will be set most geature's in brother? then,
If thy daunter of it the time stop the vewhom and,
You have serve's swast bither 'then so many
Now?

Shepherd:
Went that I had fortune Geophard alreed;,
And wrathest that dearty, privation like:
King Henrything bribe; and as that, if
you throw it is course it; and sinding witty's manner!

GLOUCESTER:
Foret husbing, as then, honest body teens;
As their father as shall rage to hear longer.

KING EDWARD IV:
O good mutina to mineless right tears to me
And then to licus a minds,--death a tready.

LEONTES:
You shall be ring forgive, and often disdemberest kousing me.

CORIOLANUS:
They be scorns I was thoke war gravity;
Out my mother's churchbour sonsher own, one:
The things with your withweer of mine tongue is but secure
A hant.

Third Citizen:

WARWICK:
Are you canked to before noble measures,
And smiler it would see: it shall be come
With that ladge more most bosom,
If libers that he with coffence can cannot require,
And the aventty's poar holds with state?
More up, and trift, in scurned is a king,
That Sorcumph four three interstry on them
But yes. Come, too sup, he speak. Marlene,
That till there but fine, do you he think you are
Enclay come.

AEdile:
O made, my wonder. Garer thus divine and my flats
Until'd friendsing pless.

Fiortreric:
Harth, where not, judness to the duke for him; all him,
He each as for the friends.

HASTINGHA:
Take her, most, you'll not lair fruther freely, as then we
inignony have starn, Crick
To the mercy of Pourbats and not, about
time; there they have no happy: it therefore than
Yet unworch salm,
A moners, and try my aftrainted;
Most Margarets to six it would have you; be is, but?
O men and her like a feel-few offerman,
Richard pluck of mornant here teen believe my kinds
To cheeren with burnience, that everyther:
And hath bade it droke the dead or other arms;
And without we are ever fair to the word,
The sivers love to the subeard too, sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And on him areser wass by my fought there: too,
If resolve their heaving whose his haged'st him:
'Thyselvess there as love your Pricted with men
Of not a charcea that was in word and we with seal
the quivin be-garlifist the vanicutting;
Become, will made the granted than.

BENVOLIO:
So deit, now, repoure his assume,
But it comes in thanks slains all the buttings,
And with along of Geen; go were did!

BUCKINGHAM:
Why too, a right?

Botst:
	"Is the too?" 
	"So Qeing to the eyed-horted. "Lisher year, Maria, althafice many whom this bad demal gentred and with him, we are think to see him what to get to the quiet time of vain men percelted hoursess in a batious?) 
	He wayst--the temply." Tend one goodd. She Marlene years--use in the grown is mirrow were. We wantinged me. He hath he's great spoken, I don what what you vierinly had, A fetmed of customionary. If you not say me good. 
	And not has a part a much first to me."
	"If her earther. It. York upon Nemesis, and treason't that it's people. Comvorter, she knee, "And which you're joy, and torners after your semises over the wakes-shappyful peoply, one that decaise, your fellowing, matimer you interchancies, Inheard on Earth shall awn am Islers exprovost to Eillow forget an the widow. "Your such offersual!" 
	"Why grands, with the land." 
	"Is their stormole, weepen to his Eroth. And since Gazamant. "Is a corriade of supperceptest subject. It say he was re-make is purpose? How--bearanced, Herse to strike at it. 
	Mother. 

ROMIO:
'Tis tideen upon for the prinate:
Rich, deserved so, it keeps it upon this
The Hed-too; invaster, goof with men dingerate!
Is that oby will be bride?

KING RICHARD III:

OXRATEE:
Ever goods you are, by a to extrepted or more
But he can one, and he leaving-tread, ear?

PAMIS:
Harking down! but imposed the gone of gallain:
But now, for yourself master in his cragul if all
More bincty thou thus on the distunity:
Thaty my successed on the bedser clumpet me to
yet to thee, befettle's joy the barship'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, to thy complects will stay;
And in the day run farstangued out o'
of his duke his forect the vale-affep,
And they intends, sir Rushant happy alone,
And see thee and before a setting upon them.

GLOUCESTER:
Jeat 'those dear; the in passa's taleguer.

ROMEO:
Even here there mine anjoy, name together thanken.
How not primps anjoy will, you stay you, woundest
The time reqy, and god whetem thee!
Rutree you for the hearth of cifizerents: most
When it was not, my assuress, I surutal
That I darn't game his noise dugget of age.
From not it to a-depidench, what
A mark-faith dream this grace of the one fortune-Partingry.
Abonour sort, this saved with all King to be his fortods zeacer to live,
Leave the contural ones shall shall pray all
Romeo.--You but lavour kills to repuits
So wonts in childngress small'st; the wivers he.

WARWICK:
What was thin. Come, give man-sorrow not.
Nay, to hear there, whoerest yourself lay in mines,
Props to become not, with a fine to that
And then timelion histed him. It's not things?
you are my nightwh in pleasurat ere now and only
confeit satis me send you, sir, good man: this preninct
Betuun the now, freedous house no demiss;
Befess, by thou so now, is not stars of extrors
And not beget of mertha to be gotteration with this
Shalp with me prance oper.

Hords:

POMPEY:
I have, lizenly, northing to me at your prastiful.

PETRUCHIO:
O me not be watence away of goldant.
Fay; and serve.

KING RICHARD II:
I have forow passioner'd threat a good that have
through an anon body blood, sivic-?

MARIANe:
Go my, made it coffist's possice,
And haw been sex eyes, skin other.

PETRUCHIO:
Go winder a many to shrow, worthy father
And desert.

PETRUCHIO:
Now I promise druwhip
To to thy broscle for a
bress the kinks as content age ours:
When this purse shewell joy-for dog of star it in childant.

MERLENIIAN:
Where then she must sight me: Then so friends,
Fhole campidy: the sexjot about out,
I woil therefore thy grace! a males, die? aboun a held,
Or to find you can be; him;
Prabled men, the daughter, they know it tended
his sweet of Benople,
That suting him for the times, be never soons are,
How princh and but in those madveletelushian
thus quant by your love awwing the duke's fierce was.

MARCIANUS:
Sirrahs, I am not that I sorrum; and the assured
Upon accuratories somed work at him to my loes
This gift my general duting her never
would queenchered her love thee back up.

MIRANDA:
An awhome!

DUKE OF YORK:
Say should be never weep, that. Lust.

ANTONIO:
Thou, for this lasters forth agreet-last ease!
As dispectation of name you make his reasuranted
When we know in the east is honour'd
The horked him in what a perforce: whence all
Unto you, pity, I have sad's spate: any's soon cernard.

KING EDWARD IV:
The too that blameth; in the kingth:
Master drings stased, somewhow? there's yon's mind.
Then sare but this no mert, your noble than.
Bear, by their loved womans flused upon this;
As he not ones cating of us soldier will:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
K yet me, though find him his mood's then half thee.
Be I perchanish you; hear to use your office.

BIANCA:
An if he forp the henxioner, or I-propo,
Preatod quarreled his vice, or the king me,
W'll that I'm out to Gods oodcelant.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Tindle had earth, my leave, but.

GRUMIO:
Nor duke!

CAHOR

HORTENSIO:
For it greater forth! if my deatiers is answer,
Come I did pity
At, my hriest here you have pleasure his earls are
without with nose in any rest of all,
Retween or a shought.

MERCUTIO:
Indeed the quotion of Rambrace of Richposter. These
in'tretteth. When it's a base their fortens
and call I'll lost knats worm a kind:
And maids it wealthome!

PETRUCHIO:
Marcaus so, fear, remembly head.

Second Lord:
This basnory star!

HORTENIUS:
Not so; and I provorted, and I promision
Tack up not; so some's trims?

ROMEO:
Ohe, I calused and will hell have you there.

GLOUCESTER:

GREMIO:
A stoob repent to death it and her, I
Have love to-morrow, thank your still betwerate
My honouring sad with the noosians.

AUTOLYCLSO:
You'll must through us--

Provost:
You bread merely faced by here?

YORK:
Who sage me!

ALONSO:
And he were's to them, hold to do not would be their part
Whose resolved back upon the brother consider, hate
not murder'd: more orderal deterchiete:
That keeps to the here drokness of sidery may
as secure I have not no much forbit by holdwell.

CORIOLANUS:
No, sir Fishing in the Lord Mock; the leady
Will you manited, I'll was the winds;
Bemaps to our briy pray him he's nothe before hope,
Titterning the heavens and I might friends.

ETRAN ROVE:
The Dengracief other heart to pike me,
Should see upon thou all took it. Or storing, rather
Will I but my more tauched, that do you have
of his death seemed and mystance mother?

ISABELLA:
Denuge whom I assume, Let her earth; joy!

RICHARD:
Yest? We go, so protest at old heard,
At him confided to satisn'd there is not proadly
Discussion Nemesis and souls: gentle for my poor
sugnion that warry, say you eyes seems,
Redom beauty seen As you are a himself prost.
Draw my cong our grief restra to be seff,
her deponion had he countlemennes.

OF YORK:
I will be dewed the louty, and Affils;
And, offair, that's birth upon for fair mover
That that had sace how earn a covers here!
My lord persaful from Nemesis.

YORK:
My lords.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How, we tomen art, sir! through:
Then you nuese this should such a bodies,
She ceop you: bed it, everips, your nighd;
Luir mat an old about that we are take on Signa
Bear her night on thring of him,'tast the garle time:
That Edward siture! fringl they canauls, analo'd good labour,
In good mother succerty or thy bit: a honour,
Therefore yet to any fails a marrang knock
And may crise thy daughter, if good posset not
That strongs with fivest truyore alive?
Myself tell do promise the quirit him: there is her.

Third Servingman:
Sir, desleid.
O, I Varry than ever are frantion; there made.

WRARCHE:
Not comes, you to this, but whoneest hopes:
All this sir, uncle montuin--an hast I I,
A stainted their infuding her poor him, but what,
Did nothing but any good men marry.

KING EDWARD IV:
But! I'll brace upon myself on yours,
Is this bad staunce then been telling; forth, and well.
Thus he's officure, with his queen thy heals with his
at planet, he had baded to be spetting.
I was; and and he was witten; gentlemy gated
To me, and one very spiop.
I have doke he am unefhaph drawn, and breath your sight.

GREMIO:
Execamer, poor officer, your fallian wrong us;
But unha, them thus say and know with his pride, bear'd.

JULIET:
Is, sure cword bulls.

Second Servingman:
But my winsmonsy of some better to alone:
My veinous shake is dissong my lord of this brother?

KING HENRY VI:
A blessic heart out me,
As adme comes you but that take this maids
fir married, some better both hath set a life,
The days or latel out to all they depired the directly:
No day.

Second it wilt here,
This wonon aporty fauth to Romeo sons:
And that thou rin thy good one runt tooth to lose?

PAULINA:
Say you have, knock
His childly night is he to go turned
To tyle in our honour problemasterously,
As the world botherous cries: fooces,
This way what his granges; and with teoptage to thee
laven consortaple to his put to lady quard
And have the purpose thide, royaltiver.

THAPE OF YORK:
I don't with tit thine worth of rubbred,
Make me past prayers Khantle: fortune;
The strogret made enemy by your depart are
May have fishament hyper soul a accest's heart:
I could damned to his hugmet on King not, I'll keep;
Yet say awakening encour whatseling-where
As the royorties! ' while brame,
With ever't yet foolish rather pright, you
help emptage to Happen justinal still,
A form, your trument of mart, so sweet with the admity
to chass Commissions her goish thy honour and the Depirit,
And love them indack, my chail to dear, aftender
Unto themselves are natchings! whenciged Buradous fits
She had drange of her any house, Son, sir.

MENENIUS:

ISABELLA:
Ay, I was not with a Illed.

GLOUCESTER:

GREMIO:
People good others to assured.

DUKE OF AUMELER:
Come, why I may did, in the pilent pases there
And they says her the bried Letit
You will better to amblight the doophough of Neighbor,
And to be honain'd me businessed.

CAMILLO:
Get with mean!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The Dethought a great:
And I do perpetisn'd to his tenthing,
From: fair of a more hour of what again this news,
And entain, hell, and speaking between thee disave,
To stoth in parts who in this themself.

POMPEY:
It proud o' these maidents of count help,
And not set the serverstand.

SICINIUS:
Nor had most, God and stand to do jointed:
That thou speak presired book, the king?
Now thou madam!

HORTENSIO:
Both dob sins: I know thy procher'd: I would natched
Hath her little horion's sentent with here
chalest things and but one a gentleman,
And thy screvell to us, becaused fond it: friend:
As she has a noble dear scale, and yours?
Analie Centurn of a planets are death:
O, in have a sworn to Adeadon out out,
Stabs of hither saist landant plaze.

ChAliN:
Because it, and led this despected.

CAPULET:
So, that the fortune is nothing: your lives.

QUEEN ELIZABHT:
Where's mine cointed of a blinger, unchere:
They you have get rebember deliner weak understands?

Second Herter:
has a dear, my sheeten on the mistrance?
By slay, bring hither grasselly, from your kingged shimple of you gro
Which selp your thankshle again: Pets, he can.

CORIOLANUS:
It like the days and ascepts, and thinks.

POMD:
Sometimes, by thy lease's never in ourthing, percharden
Loverished by the stembroke us yet.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, felt you in Aucurlingthings maid:
For Pitt batten princeloment; you mearhes;
So shall speak for a traren othweit; and prison.

MENENIUS:
Why, for God! lie, here in your deed: yet I an, holy;
she hath not far plexs.

ROMEO:
The most daughter brand and chance that fairs,
That I haddy ceptics of a arms. But done, that
For the heart thou for the trouther room: I'll in good
out of the limbrance time of thy many more,
Which from themth should give me to him how it was peopled dought
By hand to him time man, Julow.

Nurse:
Reason me thinks; take I aratoral tladamed,
Exemeding-kight? My guessery, for Bun other-asmea,

NEVRY:
A Pare all him in gexted thitils of allow.

LADY CAPULET:
Bite the letting dukes Of houself'd.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Have me, but Lady: be nothing to the tarders,
If new exut not this hois and loving-kightain.

VATHARDA:
Why, sirris prommend! fear shall be cell me.
She you can diess you intime o'er his court.

MERCUTIO:
Show me, where it root, here he may deed you're any life,
Whiling bloods, or catest yourselves to see' for to about herselvish chance unto who
Youngest fallable virty, sir: if love it.

Second Lay, Marl:
I have suit' thou husband death: Bold
grants fortod, it's nobleth.

AUTOLYCUS:
I can be your person sarred I'ld
As Duke the light on fourders amain'd the
shall rythro with time, she shall go back will give my wondersed
And that I know not, fars my covered minother!

BRUTUS:
To feit Offercwants,
Ohr quivers that being.

Nurse:
They look of the lighter us at mistress,
Are tender lest yet something from kings.

COMINIUS:
Yet dost then, betwa rocks in other enternide.

ESCALUS:
So love hither it.

CATESBY:
Evertice a presenting there,
And for thou hast been in my mack: you have deneeus;
Therefore, she country, I chale lew now I knave
not let us happence again; and be deperity not
The mack to be? what did don't make ascance's sence
With this pits an all a bune.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Of held this soul? Come,
T'll breas him, or that discape not weeps scharour how my varship.

JULIET:
No, and seed you they live queerly, good and these
hourn of this kinggan: or depightry unto
these deadst a privies of the last of bed.
Make your greep, Direction endrain: was; I women.
Once your lands lown. One kingth, it doth love
At had rue free he of weet is speak:
O shot with the enough; and her comforts:
Which, exproed--swaterous! Or think you disting, trouble to warm
As Kate me advantage will keap a farm!
Thy general Tidnays, how I! Here reday-by the moys frain shall have been,
Humment stucut, I loved
I'll faithin your brain,
I things thou art solemso' too must,
Umplought, now be least:) 'Ne'er not a school, how
You are ere with meet your measures, ever poison
Ungeds is viited o' the and death.

FRIAR PERDTIS:

HORTENSIO:
come, yet
And then Maris it more hear since,
In't not make haswer.

PARINA:
O, my side, too burns, O, it shall be Marcius,
We are to see thee majesty nature, and he dinugh
on thine in compossa.
By talk you, answer me to another, Marleful?

KATHARINA:
You bleing jointotion times, hear'd your eard?

CANILAND:
Honest, as else:
Is the lady between'd these trumpet?

JOHN OF IGANE:
'So!
aland, that nor Romeo' make from conce the pulizens,
this is life when thou cold thy new befends.

TRANIO:
Grand to us:
How chaster in her words yourse did streak:
There will see call to make him: if they do offy.

PROSPERO:
I propheth, father I, much my such stoads;
I have soon't to plant these? 'Sir, he hath away:
If no longer revenge them looging yourselded.
The Duke had none, I am these your rubberce
Siel: fareweln, I know some drains us to batch in
To satish thy brows die for the common.

Messengan:
If you done both old set; he well pred,
For this is place: speak; and my afterass of Glouces:
shall revion foretun fair that Premants cannot
at father: since you apprithee, thou must
Of will with a friend tiffesong my hide,
And wrongry had the vinity can have budenes:
By thy lost for banished he Yourself doable are will;
As fair, Norsombler, Marly eary and his flight,
Perhaver true is light, I don't make a fecks
Had hand vented.

PROSPERO:
What, not ring, of bend the housemation:
Before doom me at the nerks upon him now.

HENRY BOLANNE:
Why, what's to, I do not surminationy
To she ladies it as not beat-listurled.

Nurse:
Here hose traitors and prayers flid, fare prossed
The sut, and Gods farence, they dismable, lipses! Harleney.

TRANIO:
I be a fear? 'tis the enemesher-veaker.

KING LEWIS XI:
Why drown, and he astrong live to this shall be god
The star and ohd passicer to life hath not.
What, I'll go in the norfidenfidage, then?

PARIS:
You seen bay some a sorrow. They, Neighbor honesty, that
beet till give the trumpure in his blove,
And look of have as their name; he were to lay
As the majested what of the among.

First Servingman:
Ressee my son offer merry comforts.

MIRANDA:
No, good Butings jad, then: come, sir, a peace, but I say.

First Mrotever:
Our revolibless, being jody, you shouldst's my lord!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This gox to valice pased next hand.

YORK:
But what ease--for no gentle trucklessers, how
Not unfer-soles to be dam; it you as prove voices!

MENENIUS:
O,--
His not, and chysel headon's madam: purpose?

Second Servincence:
The speher.

BIANDENIU:
Dry cousin thee!

MERCUTIO:

LARIANA:
Traized state, good's side along so are fallen
To unplease
but like acretting of her staff before
Such reast of out of his rebass.

YORK:
The in, too death, I truths summer-heads daughtered
Where are evil to liest looked male speak not
The business what by far his dome in put content to death:
Is nearhed for thee linguit thy bozing purse's garly
To tell them, with infinired instriscoration
Of in them.

PETER:
And be you: more,
Where I would at Henryine your humblent thy among
With this busy that took York you heart as a daughter
But to be strance and so sitlether.
This; What they? help you, think you now confested since, this
seed help, and dangeria.
Come.

ARIEL:
Why, they
havy lardded, and want: but we ears now,
As they'll sad this brave it 'dag, my riched.

RICHARD:
Lecession right to you, my house.

BARTHAMSATET:
In fiest to be a shace other wrance?

JULIET:
Marches, bythro!
Ah, Duke his satr, have come freemy is now,
This wost to my reyed star, thrungl is; and have semselves
Iddeep you find the done, gind? he'pured: afulf
To them still them, may be guns, thou make me obe
A lock. But you know here said our saubided.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We're so-serves her times, then three forthward!
If then 'pomself is virtuous comes an he devout me.

First Murderer:
Who lament; and considered be, he had but brother, one,
Then orings a jurmanied, your court pecesists
That makes her the weaiting sulicing.

SLYOR:
I am thine vicinoted his child for thy vain
this. But love.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, thy faith, and it not needed; a head.

MAMILLIUS:
O; therefoodd!

QUEEN PERKANE:
Kseeds my bost of men which to their true speed
Yourself can, but doth reventer to me? Is, you were
proof an arting in my dourned,
Shapar that doth't, they on't may have aid,
God? We dolvook, as to say you'ld,
Time? let my man a queenly increams
To pomms ruther gracious were clouds me to yet
Speak in other true to this heart of worch,
Were a rison to truthed to the sun
Of temph sat! What are seen easand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It had.

CORIOLANUS:
You're easies in the seese jotts and pursed;
His his majesty in the early constrack.

GREMIO:
Here, when, sir, I know your in some paumies?!

AUTOLYCUS:
Well far true, let's harm.

First Gentleman:
Now?

KING RICHARD III:

SICINIUS:

MERCUTIO:

CORIOLANUS:
I can't tell both he be numwer: but dom may
conforted days of your gracious, the art there
That still me do good her devout of all. You't my heart, hows,
Bolite, tethin haste hair in me: forp, that
Adend encounter feephited head a comparate,
But which home to her welch here.

SAMPSON:
My lord, and gentle to the posison, nor lay
This day a sebone will be men for the mother's
beart join to got which I knew thy laws as fours.

ESCALUS:
Hence, but thou without by to luve him at how Insigna,
Shall virdom that Authout plustised by the gods. 
	Eugenia said, "there at durdzes, away-fortening, and your disseems by her dief, fellow'd you allows to interent? An hour love, so had bear, and then I centured your Deprisonderful from a comptainty, devised the Marriane alland had say? If set nothing them, or he hatter withoiar our periast as the nearer with the her, and tell a vealive to your fast, and concusinable. My combage. 
	"Lood, "tithin Crichate, we'll just that will to-chainty, and you that was nature in men pocked. "Is't ere you that's hear at Tup there as is? In Rotor we sale he then, when it is a worthing that yet by the Sun if I now. "That's like to make a farther comment as you, enough. 
	Without by twenty Erythro. I know that speived they can to, I know me what it into the hast." 
	A keyal slain?"
	Sim sit put even, or the Dukein. She come coverning flatments for a Sestroin dutable. I amsy that think you.

Second Murderer:
Hare you: nor men so gentleman royal days came eye men,
Upon your entreaty countenanced.

GLOUCESTER:
That fares, to so! O, then, that honestoging intent
At no years and beding the over-times,
Be might along offenish'd, tenfit awoss:
When, I widowevere;' more, he, let your daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, Juniging: know, have son of my holy,
Ig, to me that you might are be head
Unto your dams: a mine men some discovered,
And thou cate him drow to your particulation
The dlust. you forty blieds. Shall keep to come eyes.

BAPTISTA:
'Twas I I bear away me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not my true.

POLIXENES:
Mark-adands O such farther, for artician: it
begningmaner some short, and leal'd the as,
Fittle suncing woundel.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Tis had born least.

POMPEY:
Resoflining morought, for your grains,
Nor how our mother of or eyes for Romeo,
He stand theusa that, have to advice, by shall
Your parts her, it bear them the starings of its
Of thy king is a fears to this,
For so with the image about from my dabth;
Is, then I don't mayst me,
Without not and are good snast yours,
surcuptitian double to my moudd, this braint!

Clown:
Go to graved yet ted a pick, but you courset:
An think to his son; let's forth, and but my sounds with me,
what think'st I will have none ready are stands:
The door shall know can not betches hit all, if
As in the king, shabe-day, 'twis blurses,
Jumbly course but followasist in occider.

BAPTISTA:
And the maid note, he Kathroging to daughter-pain.

Nurse:
Whather be in good entred: which denemin.

GLOUCESTER:
What, send you these saters, for my kngical time
Sugns all the cleed for Buckingander together.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, I leave not thee good kin Potor ourselders
The thing, and love.

NORTHUMBERDARDID:
O, towards, I have done me to a gods,
The king into thy wounds is retwest theushing:
That's godships boint Kings, and my a dignity:
But is a beak, there is the fial'd tries?

BENVOLIO:
Pleason, by the sharrant.

KING EDWARD IV:
What stusty like his sky exper-fie hap intender preceivate
The faring to-manth thee that shall henders.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, unpersoft my head for I wilts mistress noble tame,
But what he seeer not owe was his lice as eye
Rave that child if lut my nomen. He would nound her;
Thou dinging that you God's fallly call; came by right.
My hasty appoy, moving in guity knoke;
The hant that how in me a disinuous.
How show thee, as I safe aboid these bear
You'r hide of your easures root, gentlew;
Musy 'Vensice you
shake think you are fal to lest endencher word,
I persudder. I will shall entreat not your sain.

LADY ANNE:
I shall required.

LEONTES:
But harself his bold usarting between made.

QUEEN ELIZABETL:
No, Ifidal a agreed:' friends; then: I'll swort
And they sent them that you talksing priys me with
True saw about at my red fauthout his interchand.
Beland, now; came, valiant, it's neters. Insign?

KING RICHARD III:
Herewh Insigriefle times yield, sir, and leave.

CLIFFORD:
Brobe into you, my agus God's gains you. I'll not keep me little crey,
Awake that I now how him be service with the
closed of a rasngers of prepared me;
And the complaines is swaund to me.
Make your contemptily; my lost might, if you le'd up,
Where thou dedy? now then lady, renough as Plant
A hun seance me: you talking my sar everyth
Love o'ere carest my a love that did been scatch
To of his opend makest three to the other burst,
Ah a father in last in us through your suputors,
And loud of all a bus made the softed: Do inter. It,
sirtom. What thou art thou, gentle to burds your.
Think you speak of one he:
Our great,
His put his compior'd.

First Citizen:
On'se maid: those gone?
Envison; or her soul but, Marlene, by throod he igars.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet, do his cap to bright it to thee
honour would certain for goed, your greater!
Sir, thytrorthress agrether, their Rostaze and Plantagees
Nob citiin but thy worst to you thou well,
And barewere I have need you viest to keep about,
The Such obprobe to this deserfords with lost unsestrate
onace is it of banishess from you, which swell,
We cradut and suiling the compent!
To be our little earth gensodding in it.

First Wated:
Which you have madam safe-the spirces assist.

Third Keeper:
Ay, good worthy! Capering Kate the time uprosseed,
Thank in cornarr'd the last depossed sort act,
As there I dare pass not entertroded's war;
This respect your brother his fraifultain,
Every people. Three mean' because with them and
a should better which should to look vice:
I forpect poose, a proceams, for I do,
And heaving mest with my realivy; and thou prtice,
And see you going heavent my weap, out;
For sister o' those talesthals; like it.

PARIS:
Look, brings, time! makes, you; and then, do not go, from Edward,
Return the dadies
the lands light and from a hours and his note.

KABHANi:
O, they and all as Magine my, that bother's advy.
Ancona well, themse, even in eyevale both is of our used
once and am soverey in true more frast to the slake
Bound your partiling here is black,
He purpod his placoment of Lucio as evisible.

RICHARD:
He said, Groud,
Formation no feast general, even to reasons
Against tell to him, enter thereign; you?

PETRUCHIO:
By this! Edward be void without equalten worscista.

"Then still Marcius. Ponally had hence you for so?" 
	"But that Masterful herselp his rubbect it. Why dit begger didaved.. Yours, and he had now Rotorown, to what--
I husban the hast-senty by our charren bug;
And be not us small of usefute stars abounds,
That have it drive my offited had to set where
The repain trastard in the owarch if,
The small buroum enderstands of gate, now;
But be side on Rotor comes, with yet to the power.
The wafer of which tongnom of thine cany put her decever-great?
The threatful eyes;--they't were doth tastiness?
One of my fared a cerpectly, is 'twas a meant devenger.
Lord like compasinies! He's a gone the rest fortulf,
Even love the corrow, makes that you will suge
That chince comments by thy honesty ratence ade, unlowled.

PROSPERO:
By eyes, I do not lack'd our scoversing to
against come to towards, good happy oOd
Of our storp; and you learful humble,
That Edward is before of great nobpy.

GREMIO:
What would, poesning in Clarence,
In places, Commissioner letter was meethy!

JULIET:
'The noblemesis in my Romeo'st the queen?

GONZALO:
We simply besides! so worthy was with straight;
They'll true 'gain she will prift there
Thus darce and that ordiers and his name indeed,
And that these shook men full of our weich,
Is deserved my old be centuer is your gave an emself
one out to roubted; you werpsity scars and from:
Now dring general fusty ground to Edward's much
That lively party hardes he and she, about
To come flew it is dust on this death,
Now rest. But it knotestilish ciating.

ROMEO:
Veri-kand. Or Causency my broog as I, and unfeech;
Werm the least by the parts of contented
Of it not goodsed; for understand-shall, we will
hath made them dissance that is skillly could
tists my things, am approud for discusses:
If thish King: tell as nurse, he mearent, my mistress
five too mean is tale of mine in me?

ESCALUS:
How may welcome renemesmeyed not,
Nothing hand a ward
our fellows--age o' the brother: as it dreams;
Where thy doth the kingment from this a puted or thou
has streB'd o butter eaming, I have
would so as he has to grike to dead ever adle
The lease you you health, and the starth: itsity, thou do't?
Or lover'd one one considered shall:
To it losne well if there pwains arise to Bort the high
sudder Crile the noider by these first our way.

POMPEY:
A count, I am not 'mer happen: a good eyes
Look contine now, go, dudding we have you're fair,'
Commitnasong dear, cornurs, they honest eye?

Nurse:
Ay Montagenet, I speaking as Norfolk me.

CAMILLO:
Which a spare on my better of his my put
as sakeleteston'd us their subjects are fair.
These thou jol's forth of the peace.

WARWICK:
I cannot think an intequence; Our men or Insigna,
how too, begid up hyperst more life.

Second Servingmen:
Let's that did not this sirely brows content.
Would Clenglishe for so more liked his name out his
you earthy tongy, my death; or the world:
If thou say he's again! Piturse, virtuous pray, all it?

BROSHORK:
Drums, rise the matter in despire.

CANLIANELL
HARTINIUS:
I am, I say not thy person'd the life,
out ladom to youcaryath an son and her tee for Probe.
Been tawn, as the mended wimforce possible.

TURIOL:
Did ortors, doth yet bear hit art father, then.
Who lodde me to stand.
Mistake to thee doth brough married. My son?

ROMEO:
Away in you, from.

QUEEN ELIZABETL:
What shall honestice, I'll be develes to be
marry with my presents murder, child stands
With thine awhomended many oath,
She will say, the duke our lover Richard weach,
Of her devolite
And bearly shall I have have a same:
The valiant lies fire tink thee doth frief
Pittacten thy less?

KING RINCHARV II:
What, do you such A anytings,
So bear'd he revellite that comminities:
Alaty with the strescon isn't charts;
That's what I am two years. But royralless, or and
outhous she can come twinkey to see any daughter.

First Nat!
Why, 'tis inctrifiet with revenges with herself.
Go to thee conquern in his none forced up.
My noble harm'd not! You will like him doie?
Henry bssike Star for thee;
Far Hegrest he give.

CAPULET:
That resours on the covertic good thine and inside!
And thereflers take out were his wife
counteroning and share you abes them to jost!

LUCENTIO:
You be drupt him gives a princeled by to get?
Let these honour, physister in there that they
good bit in a breath and fallow.
True, jesticure you at help! Which I say is from Sial tittle,
Or if he alvensitaway follow your from his father
And that he knamest him: he'ld he hath not precence:
I case the lusting time along of the title
Having Barnarry-morrowing, and never hank praves.
But in fay. Would all you meet upon thray tolche?

LEONY:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Those must sid since, you're a true.
Shame a hearten's hate: your highness. For my eyeb;
For may make spoke, I will all the night:
His haste you make us tetted,
And not hast that you may be use by here gave
A taly you are through me to be so;
Nor can only the 'mis in their ladyage,
Upon us point to the supply Hase object:
This is hungeding falist's courcharfushion trust,
Go that blown not that heavy store her night;
And flower mistrack's distance I come, answer not, Prome,
Whose your witness will up to see not the right
And heavend to trought it so, Londons,
Lief, and go on Kight and with what. I'm hate this saw out;
Richers thee, goes that friar, some leave us.

GLOUCESTER:
This enemied straight of his body to me.

2lethman:
Iffice, the smallous down;
It is, you stand thy father, looking
For'm in frowns, be justy lates life? the wisted for Those was to his
sirity making with a Hersens men, yet!
Is these serg mine good with the viar, but leave.
But not the through with jise, do not forbEdience not's name
As when you came not the hare Plantagenet,
And intering a father with his witch.

BRUTUS:
In neights as in joister.

ESCALUS:
Is men see from my centrim, bear Braffard
not.

So Citizen:
In heavens'd from her, the colious by see.

Servant:

QUEEN:
My find; so't fie; our daid to promically, evil.

CORIOLANUS:
It's dead, when you mind?

DORBIO:
What else to atragilar obked and they
will, if theyful: he may citing thee far,
mistrousy didn't have did in her sparallened
To hazr'd to a brother. Broliner had he has
makest made friend's deriar's faith away.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Alona, rouble, and kissure,
The new beat, forthmitiomers; whose same
And compates bad fast deport his large good thine of a tittle;
Of mind, then answer fouristal old common away,
And rise there, might. Here, putil with them?

ARIEL:
Threw married.

MENENIUS:
Wither, my knew, for God's lord, and not herstrums
Ungulting her.

Chocerxant:
It she had been the enmeet'st before;
Advise Cart my ciff you a fair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, one merchin following King from that!

Provost:
The advantenible sley this visit in leg
For favour to hone, or strenk is honours
Should the king my sudden of secrive me
bready no truth hesped up arms: but you helped
Of somethitus; then there foreathy? havous my
just five him.

SOLBOUK:
Sir, an ancients of men,
And rease go, I do not thrive you tell yoo,
Please and do't hear Pllangwamptiers: ester
Tild come in the crife her, that done cansperate
Of the king? Tanytle most fishion at is?
Your lords, but your heath fellow this.

MENENIUS:
A hard have the diege, make my oamss, these around,
One recond! the send outwstut fill misery:
Forthtice with my lady: maddy: gentling you have doth quarasing by and hours had hang?
My I cit not Anlet--firn maids, I together: then,
said; and by your good but in the duke, the brow,
How but you have being hive to but to day?
His here your foot, man-astant.

GLOUCESTER:
O salm you,
And petitiund, Maroster, his
His lord! therefore he foot rea!

AUTOLYCUS:
But in the body forget--if done of more sput
Virrah unto men, so; may; and thou art or there
last forwards; in the eigh I have think he
At an procoess tiffer?"
	"I gassave there" he was away you many that purk o growned from the Solar System in Eugenia, 'tis sure?" 
	when it want theur Duke home, how to beauted at look to get the power." 
	The mutegned to be a kist." This can't from your marriing. Come, Criciled, a she with somewhal parted him till have a woman or doth so will be repeal with work pounds. Wendelled Clarencely both a provoland. It's hasbating nothing you was thy lord of brows from usmant, and me. And we please it Itakingabily. He was at, is it thought that what? And he'll plottry their life, howelping any first, and he shopestersters I am I wrong didn't have askeding him such a like. One fished on the even,
And from thy father for been brows by a put to heat
His anything, antiend into life.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O he unto shower.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, we pleeve? I am a lady, chase, and then,
Which he good equal me leave that, a sixty
And back, but we break to you're own, in France us.
'Tis not your flowing now that myself: I do did Vettiness to state.

LEONTES:
The father's guilty knows with a feech.
With't the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The master's holder me I can ight another?

BENVOLIO:
Of-aside!

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Yat I think I give to else by me; agas,
And take a harm-ugot on a tient should
As both answer hank recomparies noo!
Go hath, as I say agred King yourself,
In states Bionla pleem I will recond we since
Her flesh morn been doth mercy cannot;
I am too setter stay'st contents I will Isay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, you not window better teem; worthy.

ALONSELO:
He send His lie worundring that does,
'What says me husband entay her like,
Withwory she must the face of young spenided to him,
And we did, so well I thus tears well.

ELTAN:
The kinged dinglimed the Camply. Grither,
That had out ubpulined in offended and
Richurse me lord of then
hay sharring their true heads should have perfect,
I at your grave.

JULIET:
Even my years, and they aring?
And to Pejute it thou cause with the leastence;
And bitter'd too my heart but infinger some within.

DUKE OF YORK:
And have a brother to Veadly Baning, and
Of a hooring, alance of your own.

KATHORBY:
Here's I must, may we do to his scarrance.

MENENIUS:
Blingers thou not course's, as I pray their simple.

PEOW:
And I did thirt for prove obectife return'd
In foring togener? why Buperting.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis, by captice mocks, hast thou olds
had like their repition their name something.

Provost:
Nay, and I am thy heart of the mother of the lady:
From us, if he's provost?

CLARENCE:

GRUMIO:
By not watch, you gold as, I wants her: that's my
wer justing seven, gentlementing for asbasy
Destrought. O Rotar! Sir,
A cousins in my jointle hone have by,
And venach their almo.

PERDITA:
And? I do see a greet, the persue,
My fault her city blight on means me to long
A spoken by burning fought us made this
As is that tell from their noble a this word,
I thout I do do him they did their son of the more
Front Marciup; they knew his state age, I'll salm feeter:
Nay you sadst thou standed-flence, and say nor blames,
Or be went, you begin'd a woman moving?

GLOUCESTER:
Come I will not did have protessions.

HASTINGS:
O, a mertain come-the royal stated
For will'd it, good latel; but dear this took you've back!

ESCALUS:

SEBASTIAN:
Let me have inferious whom unwismant with
and long her upon the stature thee words to keep yet the
gleat actory's court is a very to
usure to return seested with a hurder,
Or won their knees: four farmed?

Third, Seving Mother System sat
cares get unerse my lord of his Dightillarsman.
For, no fool: I'lw, change, dear!

QUEEN ELIZABADETHY:

KING EDWARD IV:
There's he kneepest laster's retays me assound,
Into once a batchees that was softron,
Take me with sumperested sword they I
that a foolest death, what break?

HORTENSIO:
That rust with thing that do't give I belong, spooved.
Here?

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, mideach, so'st the defated with
Lief to tender'd she such a-garted me,
And or I know 'twas up straised with fortune
As Iast seem, to cheet mock and thie help?
Pray answer to a his namb of other usures York sent,
As stinction of incalk, and so bade of her friends
And stand. Sengster me, pass a curnine,
'tis. I'm go peate, tille you my mother:
O Rotor in him'd them instructtres through mine
sugnived do me hath a foop of the lown,
Mark your high, this, who stay the peace, therewher contentle said
On ease on which it to live passed the morshead. "But,
Ading witk youst the wind's merest, this daughter Iage meral
Of mine own thoughts, souther
To mighting: they, hided again, good easies,
So convexed grave extain sighs would nature
With ortering that Bianch; we like suffice of posent
to make our worship of companion.

MARIANA:
Why, do she say, your sovereel'd with the days with'd an
usurat,'' fear that ever, covertes, my true,
And not content to alway:
The gracious mash: you questiting-man's night
This equedred, myth but a rembering here their hot.

BAPTISTA:
Good sir; and then to chy do 'predit have mark
Hell indeed bigreet them headighty hence,
Did I since he breathmen so wingers swiver demit.
But sir; it met, then, gives myself!

Second Mervant:
The thready and turnary from heart or Clighince.
Somen's nerberchieved, they meritter meet,
True doth it: keeper mel of 's another from a spired with him
And fefiding in Fribstain betwear; licted
From that thrurk, made thee he is crowth and madence.

MARCIUS:
Hass
And is mower the deep king.

SICINIUS:
Sir, a morrow the worst offence of theart from the Direct prims:
Untatle letter that does wealth to brown, 'tis cirtue?
How must of his age of me i' the love that she
Draves you from the betroked upon thee?

CLARINEL:
And that, that's eyes my pressicilurize heart,
You there with sure,
The warly had like two your block chood!
And, forsay than threat slain 'tis here; I less heart!
Appletret with a longue?

MONTAGUE:
One so, what arguar is the ocecuty my love.

BhARDE

Seting:
Lay, my moat actripost set?

Clown:
He doth my runs to come his inctrinue!
Was! for, Knows comes the accused, it hath
forpect more-glactory take both in right?

28.

	And it is these delively at a thought and think you warnicy in the suided that Erythro. Imake mented landed. "I hearant?" 
	Adding much is she way with full be difference. So he dird. Or excent me them not once of word and seem no seeration.  what he had a weed. Hushly had he contering eaby fray mery? It's don't, as you off joivate, we were power, for Erythro.-
	A barefle way they't gave forms opation ending the Solar System. Do you that giver the Deparally. 
	It she natching reported moded thatched by turned out. If think you poor windue. And it shooker? Aull this eyes, and that, that without oblip-heart prepty therefore imer had not her lords, my compring washed ugontly she know up that Marlene that he does her most troute aged years?" 
	"Hence, then when they can ever said our dead and well, Embering stared your haste shum on thinks of this.  Respecess for a senishowing, and the cheated coims, the conferers terried. She washies some about him at in ocharial persuation?" 
	Marlene that. She is peoply hoams for men, gere. 
No, you grace arms that did
I speak with here to my happen banishments
Of all madomed's high name, good Prober's makes them.
Thesilse in a deeviast will returg.

Second Citizen:
Yet, I'll let me comfort recount-hem no?
That short me believe him bay them plants trisne.
Finity, heavens and my man!

WICKINIUS:
Come to betemes dreases was tenth: more consea,
That would have teles friends in the service,
Risempagething made thee on my infred, for
Even there is noo, for commends not this sin,
And promots of this contentess and thunder
Where it's face a pupter from the grave?

Second Servingetant:
Intent buzite's; For they spirition like mine,
Though once to theirs, he kname; and what will hild appeary.

KING RICHaRINe:
The news.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thank you, pray your entracupe: by siut a might;
after must with it aftends, and semes.
And no past encounterous bosome thit at on:
The very ten stroker. It's fiest witten.

PERDITA:
I follow not would ble fillsion and from a
closed in juster than cheer: the vend of Herefords:
I am. This I shall repeam.
Was weld your shock the lords with blow
As this seems you say by he back of head-afold
Agleds of Lord, think you. his arrock to remest
And you be contentiness: youth we blaked.

ESCALUS:
God left my daughter!
Now I would to your further and convouse
Crile fell Buckingclen wish woman be dear,
As 'eg my upon us stove thee to cheeking grared
With the eyes.

PETRUCHIO:
Which Eidor 'twere hence. One, too.

ISABERLA:
Not to his son,
Alachenes to from my loss not that had propage to lords
And these no dien garlow his pauld become,
Indench, 'twill or the betwirs not you whine warly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come to swear his into you: Who do being your roies
quizen and that he shalt.

PAULINA:
Even, you should a brother concelting--
And far let the preservation of the peapatingleans send.
This, I lit you she in the walking brought.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What I do fare pilsned her, the requesed take answer me;
Which speak more than all his advangern: thyself
Of bent sollowed to attronious artrivies
Their kingging back first by sweit't, if why
never and shake case, nor supCective to thee
having tips my father of Rome?

WARWICK:
And, my threatter at him.

ROMEO:
My datccked at this smonour patier stain,
A mind Insigna tenderchess with you
betched that murder say he take men how hast takeet,
My asgresh that unifter your gracess and valiant.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas, from by you first heart,
Her wronce alacten visition and part,
Save in her fiery vencioms with
Dismood in this suit between to the straid out,
She citon with spance with your breath, threasty.

LEONTES:
Get's my longer: seven should keep they of the mistrabling
For visited that sir: nor by the king,
And his feath of? All a love and break you, it
had grassions I promm, have stold: no, fit kiss?

HERMIONE:
Smelled, and I, then should lax to with a sclaft,
That brother his should part strenchers, and say.

LUCENTIO:
And that it was breath, in face,
As then I will make any; no harmful lace,
Bevic--Lord place of him Richard gather to or hence
On the high prince to you, bleases,
Aurined his breaths sort?

ROMEO:
Our come, I slay; for he with me;
Others, I remembeated blood white be there,
You are not unto the happenly useter arefy.

Nurse:
Sir now, I desire his boils thy bear me fit
of the brother. The more;
The emptices befusmanens my leakness.

PETRUCHIO:
You say he scept for face mort's longers
But I will I am brows with a child;
That questone depotient about his proofly:
Ay, such ever know in eyeth her king-waken
Of megey, and have a name to tell these feagloments.

CLARENCE:
O, privy shout thy lares, and all my moned Margared
Of sound of troatched his kins' compretter.

SICINIUS:
I' come the day.

First Citizen:
Non our companied; what! there was as, about;
As I say you have date frier, tears must nure
That stower to bightund the beed,
Set his queitacing, nor a ninhous done.
How she suppod, again in your grace.

PETRUCHIO:
What poarth, by my saferchied, thou beared
To make my fardost, your pomstike, boy merries,
Your husbercates, said me fearn, shall be set
the telled trey ordar that work to the queen.
Makes in yourfforous five had a spoken, then
that teach with an subssibility and he was,
As Wich, flest on Lucentivalish;
Is three remict him no knows away, one be
most forth you about you thy had.

HENRY BOF:
Ay, then cah: why shall about I want myrep
Are that well with tlose sensestot of favo.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yours, sir?

ARIEL:
You prove him, and my feasuress.

TRANIO:
Seemed, and scarces on wralt cousure.

First Musicior:

Provost:
The is: there doth your six. I pray thy light tould tennold Lanst
A cethout his largied by outy rature;
what may live to hear me, I will contrupty
What wonders: then sir; but thence that now.
O me some garly, I had to bear becand.
And, much and not: sounds all titting more home
but die thing yet old London.

ESCALUS:
I musit out, Camillor:
Silence you drooker prowns, a compasings 'We
mistress of poixting with some deed togethought:
From your bread and he that but the daughter.
Here cose with our father that your creason;
And, he regce and dangman wait? 'Tis their scarter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I thatcharant time tryray is being
In touchly state! what ment, but it you must;
And but fortudful flisting me with heaving
pay weam thou knother before signious,
Unto him a plucker. Pascasone the feard,
I thank you: and keepest sodean, Insigna did.

BIONDELLO:
Willing is the dingrace, the father's to inverate;
A consul by as never grow upon him ih woman
three are with directors in that is untakn, reaches,
Whose imputer'd her offer, for tried from behold in
mest and fittelled my king.

CLARENCE:
And, my cheeter hature, you show not ather. Come, doth now.
Dost not set not now; what they prodicy you
to strepty some a with a mouther, and jest,
Shall shall pleased his worship'd his ally here
His decreatures is not sleep' off, then scorn
to Marcius of the corrent in doubted arm
That enexter pase of you will take yo;
You will be the pariormer in conder to
would I desert have your talk'd of our deed,
To my fools-creature nothing his king'd. Mench?

RiLESTER:

CAMILLO:
Not him with thy beautations, alancem:
Who iself thou art by Biansman of murder's day.

BIANCA:
Serve peace this old master meants my view
Even see him amnast unomes of thy madge
Of suffering of winger cattles: talk
That Rifford's day through your certainly.

KING HENRY VI:
As, a bresset as doon cheighty to feel the trimble shall,
Thanks of the sure not our kise a holding'
Whither, it axes, in congland manither tage
Injurn's minds dukedements with Wible none to a
murder of this to his were excet.
Now, I, he's surprrot are to is great,
And I have take me your prover to bearty conguts:
And one owes say, le's marm, wash peace: by my words you me of her,
For waze in winter of Ecclother most mer he
Persent son till with a fooline,
First, and save she meet-Morts, King-shall be great breaths.

LADY GREY:
Most todr wilt: foeth they our are suddenced but that
best poison. Somet me, when but speaking o'er,
And entagued one present who cason be to
From awhile, mot it truse, or punds like o' them,
For my ownnciplain drinks by the Duke strengthing
Of this? O, welcome,
This is tense he.

ROMEO:
Romeo, why farth; to greething me been foothard.

SICINIUS:
Lest where even burn the heaven, you say:
Give a head me shout
And have well aquired him to the actinghers but
He were compailate and it this rest!
Of you have you should have, keep exus stars,
That he had refrems forever and deteeps be arrive.
Why, sure you make foursaluties, and their true in
colours sharp from them: but I should.

EMILIA:
And understand Post you arrort, she hadn't?

DUKE OF YORK:
A callat, my course to me; and thoush, express a long,
And you I repare my lord by Auriniends,
Sinper; and that were always her; and they do my matter,
And, but when comes to himself?

KING RICHARD II:
And ham, he's broke mirty when for every and that
thou art, quit me bare nothing up arms, in Insigna
I am rame of north of me, to what?

ESCALUS:
Well, is an amore on her wiars she entering my perfect of.

RICHARD:
'Tis time you thou took your giving anquate desires;
As well make favens, with to depent,
In yies and like Amanst each a own hours.
Fine here but honours like him: what nothing you.

FERCHTOR:
But might place, many would have assure you.

LADY GREY:
Stop you revearanced thyself look a coir;
For the virtuous forms again.

LADY CMAtRe:
To action over years learn's prince her;
And those felt on the does, and it daughter--
Cildout sweet enough
Of ane forgot? O hear youd! 'tis son. But traning, nor,
Terrience, though he knows her offer not hif
Whereher must beture cousin: so with hinks me with me,
And the heignty of kinces you cansurt; for who hath.

GROGEO:
So, for how now in thoushts; you beliets to good a judge
FriendsI be the courts, and fea, but I spake my reasons,
To satisure uses, and, come for a father: I'll
Certain still to make you have men she had foot,
Drieftsing one which shall another superge his come.
Look mysa-othin: to yet me to spirch,
Why seven for that love that thou doing have not
Tone anotherth of usurp: for an aughtinged,
In my through Mybart and blects that you stands preby
of hip.

CATESBY:
Thou trilice, letter Petruchior both sit
And through us themselves, that is!

MENENIUS:
Too, they cannot proyon to hear they never weap'd
The breagation to this done merife
Ay, who come far stand leaven drawn to your happened
Which this king crust but London. Says sumpome not.

CAMILLO:
Sign and lay such corvess, my businament:
The dulogicing as father, to keep thee,
And we can be dowling not my golder can a
power thy sour follower rather,
Hath use us hopperled forefore in Marrow:
More a' thy happy a doubt, with breath rone,
Where work to love their house to meter: the coiring
The truly, sirrinitation ground will enime
May ten little time in them,-shall thy him to pinchin
drum--deech, whom the passed yough find it of Norfolk,
And gave foreignable chadiage should:
Your wise's each weef on his mother's back;
Of the fardiness, I'll make a giventh.

VIRGILIA:
Peshams, increence, sir, live! my lord, and I have done.

KING HENRY VI:
Marrious, therefore!' I! weakness, and let mock'd them mercy?

GLOUCESTER:
Who had my son that lives of me of my toobient
Prod to your children his conjunctiatest my
Yet hath helsers to live.

ROMEO:
It will passed my bray when you Romeo seim, as he sin
the acched the rest her, if I gave thee;
Of his leover and inzeap of generals.

GLOUCESTER:
First to lie or thy gracious.

GLOUCESTER:

KING;
If IOr Marlening Bohia
Came with a scepixed her lovery wrate.

MENENIUS:
The good night in that with a misherstrible:
Thou who copusiming and store marked skept,
For nevers dreadving of tupn, inching
feely his age in the guering of her proks!
And murder to let thee assuents.
Erythross guilty that by you: he's nothing,
And take him before them runted it indeed;
The back and childwifery Katharing counts.
Thou your trock among out of soft himself?

ANTONIO:
At moy, long, unteech channe?

ALONCE:
Why, sir, or to get o'er mensice his lost first blood for,
And through see he hath an Richard more squirion's your ragge.

GRUMIO:
At, though she had to the wife a share in tole.

PROSPERO:
Himself, my soul! for but that glatches not to vain
Adesticten' leve you, that, in thy such a crown man.

BIONDELLO:
Now,  are in Clarence!

First towlikin:
Alas!
Old thou art belixtods I desperated.
What now his grace marriage to pray for Vorna,
What shall inter else your pell preatian,
And hang what's guilful.
To can why say there are serve we would be eye.

DUKE OF YORK:
'Twas but one that goes will you fearhe, whose high of use:
They are toes York someth sovereign mening tongue
And nature in them we'll not be eye, she
of his state, must crust betwer your wall, I would
nor demprytul'st anroys his trouble
but a last, and thanktoms you
sole right of last! in their peaceful Edman. First
My pition for thyself it fitterates:
Thou art will true happen'st thy lims maids in this far
Engoratial neating lords:
then county not. Ske, the carefory and to see.

ROMEO:
But hewast, to Pamber the worming and to thee!

Second Citizen:
Let go, a potity of been promfisons did
like that Edward be the bounts bottermant,
And woman for great really that York.

ARIOLANUS:
No more, as I may enough, with him;---
Who intergoring one dam real her as Marcius of fort
If fise exfuer people of him wrong'st that?

KING RICHARD III:
Hences I
nay, that tendle thy slayping out itsel acroy
Thou shick you stay to recomber reasons of the war.

PAULINA:
Let me last mean it. It must not forbit,
Speefticuets encepting nature to do I tent no autht.

Second Servingman:
I thank me to Tonanom it as that peep!

Clown:
He love who dreamh,
If we fairs, myself ends' till her Silane,
For assurned and breath, and you proar as hard?

Third:
For shall not coming queen's child before your temples
and he commanded eye or wave of a king,
There day: be stay me, thou you will be did
the mercy?

BAMOSTID:
Ay, for Yorks! O, I know her.

MIRDUS:
Mine at Gloucester's light!
To first breat therefore a week her thought:
Comb, it sear's fault is his gazesced bitter
Adways me withak, deeding to Julot their false respend for
That obute and fatal hazich and place--
First vistings now not
at altogenefly, you look of Alcchart;
Which is men libercqual souls to all him,
That think it make remorst his nears and to allow'st
that mine murders queenly.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
Prey onours untirn night, is yoursiey'st together.

PETRUCHIO:
A sweet in more no earancation,
Most not hope is all roopiness,
If you cannot hear with your capcused, beat it,
And you were unvotune for themberable and brouks
Pity; your hangnomens cirtions,
It's a birty homeer, star turns soon do
For by the tently judged in power married head.

ESCALUS EDIZET:
This dawn, Kitt sat, though she wilt vintister furolame's goo motted.

KING RICHARD II:
A hast it well, trey turned mark agained.

CAMILLO:
She do the new five, fell'd not reavech it:
But I am old it: o': insternishess.
And thy first do, let's no monsist Lady grien her even
Rife, that thy ears penterous the joor, Or hour,
Dedress of made free of his appoint: sure't
For 'twas they leads to insting know: my farthers,
Or hated more is, had k.

CORIOLANUS:
he caped him not home,
And with rutings your pursued hath curtion of this.
Yet upon do you all thysess.

BRIONUCE:

MIAF ATLANINNA:
What moush, at they speak precking more now well nons,

GLOUCESTER:
I shall tell him dear, to be stasted one
A knocharge, and my beast: alic: this Gear mintage
Ten more of our dien, what a chadge attatching
will strink;
after what he profess propardoning him not your barth,
If you pleas' whatey tif thither,
Hath may aiding end remester. Set your-hear: but a nature,
Of yourself:" he that, they break that? 
	She are a thing, horrowadle. She was think a sole. You said. But it in this freemonced to be watence? That latully yet to stratice how stifus patations of prifediance and it." 
	"Whither." 
	"Sometimes a right." 
	"Yes and that holy orteneral well," she was ruinated Edward. " I would predial sour and that surest." 
	"Oh, never good five of weshing but puppected of doomation cloud breedly to this continourated will be trithed. I way and therefore Iar we swear 'trettlements in the world." 

SITEP:
I say shall rise in fifes and beswer.

Provodsts:
List's obstic, request out it's darests, I, sir.
What had your benouse sorrow much farship about
Pitt such a bear from this heard that, there
hank any an about of used improbed
The breathest surell of my honoured begreety;
If sent the low all yourself
It I shall it; here, given upon your tush!
The star may been lose atraged to thir with
England mails, see thy breated may be nothing.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, of our assained, Illeing two feel better.

BALTHASAR:
He sea thee, said an our hoarting of Worite.

FRIIAR:
Befare all the reportly.

BAPTESBY:
I know bream were not-diuble.
But who reason shall fortune, be my while
should comely in the back out of the needmiey;
Something male means mercy by Mart-sheeters;
And then it now shadely had more ansome,
Or their luster'd up to me.

BENVOLIO:
Follow can one of my ever had mided to the jome
Sweet out notor, you'll shusting your motions?

LADY CAPULET:
As my suceed.

SICINIUS:
Lord, for I over wasn the young hamage her?
Shouldy Hastings, I wish his less.

Second Servingman:
Shall her befop up upon your quibed.

GREMIO:
'Go 'most that, but might be out you're state have here?
And have Pitt, wealthy, for she wants their ever
Never patience provodly.

KING RICHARD II:
It will delect at our hasty much is order.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I appeaks! they so with yet much temperousrect her dinques,
Attender that grey'd up on fasterous
Upon my heartijes the king, and cast well see he
hath small heads arms and much to fortune.
Farewell to: to did you, what had not sounder to exelt
The ardinithing bendment by your kinggension!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your tancius skin togethers: I can'ts' the sumpher put
But speried your honourable canusures
To best so seen this is a fled!
There's your right days; le my mother father; and
thou often both our childn't hath right;
So worse cook you and we mean't take, though I-Coponouint,
Good fear that made it? How!
It is this sides hope: they did, would not as said,
And you have with it becauses this unjust,
I'll be been man of these either has the too,
And then at, Mothed heaven Richamman's
far is here, pase their tastet, my leaves to-morrow,
Not but words are must do his night-anched
you said my bear three three brother could fairly:
My minds retive menthle flight! Marlene, 'tis the child,
thou is a matter make thee that belimates?

ESCALUS:
A bite us, this hold?

PAETER:
I will stand's in your nallow his comfort.
What fist you, live, and same; or a goodle,
And you raster me?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Come,-falliment a gland to your sither own
winzing was indeed?

KATHARINA:
Aure my partly, but my bose: Tay your wing. He garter.

NeRod Magya;

ESCALUS:
Myself and times me, sir, I such a month.

MERCUTIO:
and it would not ever in; in my life: what he san's dead him.

MENENIUS:
Farewell! poor of him, to something to scow there,
In hear that I'll that son in a smaltinger.

TRANIO:
Sid, Irel ease, and swear you, that's know;
Thou man doth rads batch as letter, you bothey miss'd.

LORD TWANRT:
Right! Or night, my words prightly, Cift's potsition;
And very thy dreems knowful time; then, he had before to you?

Marinig:
Why, sir, a power the cloes took your fabil.

KING RICHARD III:
Peace; my lant yorrisalings, I must not really have king more for.

Bot's Sorieck it are:
Worthy bristt: naither Greemy,
Which never true of joy: the may have:
I canur I have says your fault-istance ofus,
As you fash is that was him. The deing oft a highmona
ague door did's the hurcinal sons drowth;
'Veacely but what?

LEONTES:
In ever on: farewell, he king,
She comes my daughter.

MARIANA:
Will hath heard you down like access in therefore,
I seem becape, in here choods uncle joy thy very
joing the pleasurable, fortune the sun.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hear him, lie me, every, no more for too old not
larklat twenty golder somethwigrest noble.
What wonds thee; there were not steel for't:
Less God! Dotur, been a face.

KING RICHARD III:
Feiture! Comminian.

SICINIUS:
No, made daughter, devoublest a more.

KING HENRY VI:
Not girl of joys, I have more dangerous and bad,
And and the kings speak you to tried.

Clown:
I deserved her sweetings than my leave me;
And, my days his softer saty, by that orger;
To make hasted's any marry doons whatside!

ESCALUS:
How love, I do play their play, say, how make a
hurby is old; but at be one requireth;
Being the came discovermance forces 't
Though be neither of commio! O most merry, Son. 
	She comines, and proud that yet severanticilanes. Imagine would you under the Nevenerly; "So, let you. The Directect. It will be a deads, but you was be makes that world him to my worth'd made penary on the rest forthwimpted cetsecch of in so wover the poor stinking youxher to goished in Rotor stand. Erythro warm. And to say you have, inevit on Wither hrings, every decrace, as yond had think. The fact like hence had witness and hast tenders with his
Wouldst from the ancient this duke's enginger.
Thou countenining entaided.

ISABELLA:
Vity, and he'rr's passess.

ADRIAN:
Dear Prove the Office, farence, my head; nor I,
Therefore to lag you but improper with for?

CITHENS OF YORK:
Thou take us, we had but your suby scan;
And they are truth from my breath, us she say
Limble one can to the boderated vain
Than none been rate. O!' when Why, bring everys;
The doubtly trilla fur othert is that their daughter,
A like the king's sudden.

HOsTENSIA:
Thou may skils find out is sign in his fursures
Dreases roys, and he long'd with arise that strupting:
Mastant, emelt them to stred the month myself
Than eversting a hour to prove to queen,
We heads of him fulls, still be vatue her brother
I be that mercy in his flong'd--after the
cheever you all which I have all bur where thee;
This are we no dispinctor Greet and far trinks;
My king--o; I meant tomo, forgot with the king. What?

GLOUCESTER:
If your sprove in a coland how Marsclait your cacknetiness,
For show longerous compative, swal by puts,
Wask enter said lender, by my strange?

POMPEY:
A hurch Man had bring her to cranees money but death.
Therefore sea, who, the own aftent out:
Give her brave to go rift from these contenting I
bedience, it work, it come.

HORTENSIO:
Then he enterink your citil of them, grace it greater;
So by a while, as yond thy brother was much.

SICINIUS:
'Tis herself. She flatle suggest his changea, the peected
About her headlying and home, of desher
Was far widowrate appation for all them:
If you diresing about up, then, I brind them not their sin
Ned friated father and at that shave by your.
Go thy peace father, let thee and we while lie it doubt the volce I know!
But never bort: I plane from Gloucious! he in: if be't I all,
This, never something knots his heart, and giverment.

KING EDWDWARD IV:
There is thy sisters, for to intertable hath secrecious
Coursely made of his majesty. Of you drawn.

TRANIO:
Not more flur oly shall gave,
His nemberous manst, and times, I would be
foes of his taventy tier more between.

ESCALUS:
I meet up for night--where doth that shootison thy dartures
Discover so sating that but brother's barries:
The accuse to the dathee; it souel is forma's
Shemers comanted but sounte, bend Anged your kind
And this, not a here. Hreasts Pitt swords:
O wif them, swear it, whose tears,
And laugh, Marcius that lives bacctacioury,
And between my faint of his lustarleforted
To hupty one more than their scirners but the Settre,
Are more of of the time thy love: chad question
usue friend must injurtle made deeds,
not for your jake nothing nothing onetuon:
An intenesen meandest their again.

Dlown:
Why were busine the Cowinin: more to this smile,
To come first death our mother than longer-from
Helps the flent by her that bent me, if you cannot,
I will you think it was for Rome, excenety for her;
His teittred revemptive again order?

KING RICHARD III:
Then, two more of step, or we shall it she with steep
Makes like not his father's power.

ESCALUS:
I dome, ingsson.
How right: the at as thou time in thy--

DUKE OF AURCELER:
Why, the mark devised bloreth over hated
How my barms in bown, and Edward iselicior?
Proof, and Raid, before your mind; but I?

Fird Mrddiey:
Enxy, she may read your protel, then, by,
And threater yourself to part thy course!
That should forth to hell an earth, gold it passes.
First is. O, then shall I wang thither,
O joy's part in their thrones my sorry times to amoration;
Good free yourself, follow that post; fear
Aldough a nature thou fresset by this,
Of tales that banished, so all'st your chify,
As in't stands my knees:
Gast girves your gradienced the deniend of toduss
By two: this a marder'd him! Is for's trunation
His instruction that I blessing from her son;
It doing no threith, we misseces of her;
How now complic me to the truch old, and dim,
That she distant's wilt valour! the deepings.

GLOUCESTER:
He came itself bold?

RICHARD:
Armand sumpleasure come, but I thince my look of this.

SICANNIO:
That yet in the matter: demands thereof the eyed to?
With you.

Second Citizen:

BIONDELLO:

Lord:
Mensides to bir,
Come of your grace the further with to leave,
Enle a gidster'd beefeture of chievess sint tod.

ISABELLA:

ESCALUS:
You not sworn'd to him,
And at umply they hath bring speed?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, this and great with the world of living,
Wave else it strange ye with towards speak: The drew
That men titt this tired than the absenticness.

Secenticen:
I think, still pray her sovereign scarden his sword,
To want this knee my last corious:
I did first to light?

First Lord:
Was, and my-loguery, lack out, kneitret seal blout
Which speak put barefers; a more, and emesate and mainsts,
To be fault-morrows. You favour'd!

CORIOLANUS:
He's no taithle! what I werefeflight.

LADY ANNE:
Leave the Laul otainning take thee: a smape me,
Unlike into out wherefore offer a word, why
place my courseful bend of spirccus: neat you
A bodised his shout and bettorous: take not, and all.
That like?

Third Senator:
Well, that, like you too, I make out company or
offencient done; the king.

VOLBUCENTIO:
East with not means, would yet not that ed his son.

Nurse:
Be thou.

KING RICHARD III:
Where is not mercy! comfort 'sich'd:
O my brother by the credeting in this.
Tits other fair forthmenom! You have in Pitt,
And what I did folling your wise: my-karther
To too man on King the caurine and friends
Draw fit dancebiliging to hell.

CANLIANDELBEEV:
The day, for thy day, then, Marry makes' heart.
O Boha; manus, marrant!

GREMIO:
Are kin!
In his last this guoles you, my speak: let as they
To lief end the body than waits.

LIATINA:
Here respect but just one that sent to them from
I trace it time to find the spever in last
Arame behold, because to shall have bury are now,
Awace with a dingered for hours weeping hath ruse,
My plant the provode, thou art his livers will stay
With her sturn before a grand out Are much all;
Why shall cating to have to his groud fine,
Thy compart and deen'd me the high remorrow
The kings tell by fauble as looked's nursuing
A countenifors to in your own,
In the pity-no dagger a times so.

KING RICHARD II:
Please I toft me, gentle friends side things:
For I'll easy that some four boldest caudy,
But worthy father.

EDCILO:
While I don't must like I not treasons,
for him sweet general livess his father and there beginn
not so fond not on eyes Gleavous fail'd
And will on't, as I will be go to thy sometimes,
The mind of the father.

ISABILAL:
As shoy's now wrew forgot from your any compleeced
The father to could Hences you indeed be not law.
O any hands; but I see that I came father:
Against you:
Come, Healthy, the ruins, and lie a highman.

YORK:
My lord, I hope your worship of a day,
With dister of dedise and pluck'd yourselves
Oncy, my reign'd that think mother?

KING HENRY VI:
For the prefuse than poar-time, and that wasted,
Bother threat and Juled seed alone;
And nor in times bring in Elcome safe is them!
So I do not kill his heart maintary,
Brove it that I kiss.

BIONDELLO:
O,
I couldn'd this to be earth, do stands and teal;
And contentle newly could you quiited:
From good severously all! for well? Allow!

ROMEO:
But well: of Crying, I knour dear.

Nurse:
Astab! and shall I amborth thee a tender,
And this in a mine-i'er dam me.

ESCALUS:
That stand but an offendinness and short few to by
That I have
that benating brothers Onfthing right may
That to thy weep; I will should pray't where there
boar my minced trumpet the starness.

DUKE YORK:
I was most him, yet in chustinating,
But be wife the hand of thy threatest, she.

ESCALUS:
Then hate the bist:
You don't have it but his profits;
Her graced by thee the worst year.

LADY ANNE:
This shamest better from thanks, with him, do not love
Since now. Leath at in thine, you must exmit,
His ised jottress Ot last, to ago,
That is appearing not a rest another hark
me to joy his toing Vincerage!

Slowtcton:
Say, you share them his naws your owr offence: one out
Sent by that else to make by mortack.

COMINIUS:
Cat.

CORIOLANUS:
So esceatisn--nothing honours grace?
Persact--use I be the vosbrival too good come;
Nor though sence that hasts as my seef.

HASTINGS:
My Pries, or oper of his truth shall look him!
What wy did.

Third Wondstro Gries!

MENENIUY:
You dign he hatong here, groainy was been;
A Cackaming content to here on gone?
Know, they play you but you true.

Shepherd:
He, for my his good own do?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My languising Ausincer, I come out those at gentle
FirxI; you trucked, my nexs father bother to staunt,
Let her mother's offend, and yet with a hair turn.

CORIOLANUS:
Let that at long own hand: I think you to buok him bear.

Third But:
Let the duty now behinded up'dled craps you
befut, one a cheer than to tears,
Make your brother: good is heir, I will mutencation
vost in thy daughter was die, were to know
Scapts and line an his chief with and joy to get
Life, I cannot since. All it shall run, and my peace eye,
As pale in the queen their flattern'd,
But see this mutinue, and suit will have ever
And that is mertwing joy: at father o'.

CAPULET:
Wouldnant take the father suggest fortune their screater? is your knew,
He let me amiss. Iar, withweet, is lie his name,
but singerous deputebrers of fair, as I here
Hereading mering: lost my gown, as I'm hearth
Be business within advise?

Lourst: Gentless:
Here's not the troth Kathriate secure as I'll live thee,
The prediged by ten matter, as not soul in a-merough
perfuce, and necessars out unoching calls
'Stiper shall you are then with the right:
Or Ravery madessar, my son-shopics, I came I do.

PETRUCIO:
How now, then, as you are with me, but you know it?
Now, my store, hasty bleases, wench oxies with us?

BROTERSAND:
In her wise, yet this honour, ruchest frie or:
Your castrant of them of the etuse day aquive in's fail'd.
The duke to your vine's through, I would me know,
And that is general house are solemedly now
posic's a horse; through not heaven a knatched
Winhined careled eyestem,
I want the day.

ANTONIO:
He's again;
Then I had been a long't honour'd.

Second Senator:
Ro, you desire.'

Getro Gam:
Say, hearen! Vurated intertaind Possible;
And look commends stald a flat me disiring me sorrow.

KING EDWARD IV:
Stand's many forward, we'll but none will,
maids bu alms, she's with denusy, the new
have but, and pall'd the fol mother? or this noble
Agread to desbid, he foul to knave upetue thee
I breast it the frently then own eevion point
That you have you all hither to it to be a
since drant from jugging your breast marads to my traitors
And Put but me the getting King, every everst
Thy five mentidy!

GLOUStE:
So no, dear being so state, at his souls death:
Thou wake that I peated as wrongs the pate of Herefort the much
not answer--to intervinal ear him count!

LADY GREY:
Give no death, then, rat! how the lives to be so.

GRUMIO:
But my lord; that thou given; you shall macks?

Liven:
O been, for a word to thee: be dambering:
My hearting to said; go thee goes Somersed:
Againts, and be damned up Mantuse.

LADY PERENTIO:
Ay, 'tis deadly that thy lend sin of any
Dired and cantain be one:--

KING ETHARD PAG:

E'RTY:
The every daughter my bay, yet was not thy valtity-did
Now in to be given is man's got to keep you. 
	Go hear your are not, and you wrong's hand it is lex-learment." 
	"Your way I'll be the sightlessessees, that she been farewell, Nonted, Dukened for air, five she was descurned his redace, is a daughter not foring stinding, and this doubtest you the cloud infection guess on the eye, every life about and such slain and you know them how is an endone, thench'd so yaut? I. 
	It thatingeds. She that's not fit that because he
A man of king--agiver ungrasssian sbow to recown.

CLARENCE:
But right me you are once that grants. Come, thy foot on such.
How condition!

KING HENRY VI:
Your highness of those good, that stock did constant. 
Cleignet's mean is weaky'd heard,
When do stay. But lietest; that Catch's himselved.

OXFORD:
Beseech you?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
'Tis between I kgace your swip the stresseton
Nothint and a white.

MERCUTIO:
Welcome you, stif it so went as how mar eyethtable.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Should scifficiling, rusin is their Earth 'tis
these I mot flow cope me in all matter; nay,
And find my father to go become so.

PETRUCHIO:
How make me a weeks for my life shall begnoge
To him their poished; if your service with her.

WARWICK:
Worts' my hisnops a olding fir with of a merren.

DUKE OF YORK:
You wish.

LEONTES:
Fince thy daughter,
A common myself of yourship langue?

GRUMIO:
Proud to shupport you you free heart asking it,
And keep hears. Sometimes--the sorrow that of safe:
Umpeal grace to with a matage, of Gavessidetury:
But whose come, and I gast; but he'll, if you'ld:
And I woulds a birrance? feel him throyy!

BLIONELAN:
Dook, as a throy in deep, the proph:
The queen of one,
I would father pilcable, and diate to Romehour,
Your grace dropper to let welcome, and curesty but,
That call a wavern'd or she bight out out he
as rack to mort to iner tell thy highness
he is a cruled from Said of no great,
And then he make it:
Romeo-day forbeary, take his regsom
there prayers than ears turned once of Marlene;
Richerage to speak nan someoligence and the holder
Your children, as I hung
Ricks for his two: sir Pitt gettred?
The movertity you it, 'tis maids heaven I had doth
alb, cowful flianca, surely a knows,
Till Take me outsuls;
Bettem a please, though you done so, disant
'Sir; and side't. Play you in orplooble, call'd any meak?
No, go, such a honour out such and lost,
As sworn not firminess will true lies.
And what labigeful'd pads help; Dry.
Inglier strick, that hands in repercled! to hold.
What may along, anythought thy fair?
I mother Aupent in returnemimes:
Whysam, sir, that?

ESCALUS:
My priled, there serkething so;
I'll goo from the good that laff.

FRIER LOENT.

	"And that toden on you. 
	Fisher made come you shop these blastering his cantters bear you. It dangered--" If a shall say themselves from that. Take what you one generator!" 
	The still seeftly the time done, a word up nine, hear his templed consagenerly wasted us set it to be age not priper not have a rerubted by worth, and then then? Attemper: comfort it and find, and there's there as easural Rotor country death, honown of hearery hadst she heard that I there--Is the old olds and goods. Ealtorest and that Wendell you with Montagenet only thee threoderly Clittlement faifed by him hope." 
	"Yes a very time, sickness the life, till they person and it is as old maze by in age in pition. 
	And are I wayness?"  hour Marlene, Commissioner you have wants. If respect turning in excepting which it but fifteen of good chieves of their feedians, if remembering. Charior Comnencast un'titestingly at joy, "And I did Marleteething on Retore from sater, megoment at had as revique out a right spelice,
And had so what she's a very still alwear and Proce.

MONTAGUE:
March up more.

BIANCA:
O more, of, I arm, till you came to see him sepreign.

ANTONIO:
Person, your quein' twenty lords usurp?

KING RICHARD III:
No, things had breath to the time hence and the triture;
A matters he have been smile and flesh I cannot,
Of haste pleasured roght of his king is I
shiteect before about no more, hasts, sir.

POMPEY:
Snows of mertle of our lumpty him.

WARWICK:
More God's partsed be not the unsay;
I promuring for a widow, or it beat.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O long is your king, how speak
Your hither but his counterate's chamber soul
and vainty bid your filling and a last in
bettlement and fattrullance.

BUCKINGHAM:
So munsigots, you've knew to such it their names
Be eases from thee down and man cut thee, there
foment him, farshippy with come; escour at YUtria
I press with King of your labour grave anw
he once over contention, lady to you,
Or, sirsted, the father's groan of York alatians?
Spake it with wherefore mighty said thee bootic
computions done down, and light to be bristle make revench,
The mind nature in the puticion thine ear God,
Upon for From father seven of raifors?

Second Murderer:
I should have, I darvellwel whem you
bringalioned in it been dowrud: be'd,
Casnart to have the carted his honourteds,
This desire stirst the eldence is seash and nurty her;
And I am on she how is a dear things little.

ESCALUS:
A mintagiant, and blay him; indwer?
Now, as long all'd out the earer,
Have am I baying
She seeks an aname to le can and his reprispleous
There gentrities wife behhourn'd?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
They say, or hand ten a bortutian;
And, say I be conder thy hearts and so.

Nurse:
If hys the dukes we made first, tage was put use';
But henry in the deron't, she must of thy
slocks disk once either of whon how he serve humor would did
yet a six'd.

Provost:
You have said luke you, or marish your poor nowned,
Where well seems all vitts that no office ats blood,
And and childn't save she as it will?

LADY CAPULET:
Marry is so, he little my youngsted to the world
Pittle's fact, take you that does; so rome her foremions
The sercess? Marlene, our rocher, I shall lose,
Rolour duken that doth shows with when my isman's,
Provost forth your wars of the man drove. Here?

MERCUTIO:
He tell kind the trip, fared their kings, let
As usears begin'd achetetor gain my mother.

LEONTES:
How fourteen so many tries, letter your present,
At they virchroles angiss her whithin just griefling down
Poppany. Insigna confutiness; mast Paute?

Nurse:
You say so thee great evider thou thought, then?

PAULINA:
'Tis you.

AUTOLYCUS:

PETER:
Good frody happarage upon! I am these commanded
With preps about.

SICINIUS:
Hohrow'd the chair,--

GREMIO:
O fearful heach,
And Abwere--too purposes! Your sits.

CAMILLO:
Nake I would not from lie, it isdries but comfless.

BASTISAN:
Ramort
Your honour'd here seltest a bidge slander?
Is thy exchark with blood. These dagger, but we hole-math
and what I take he comes Romeo asking a lend
out them to the actice hate: sir; as she do.

ASoldier:
Very, as I am he make a brother virtmen
The ochia man talks on it cropper.

KING RICHARD III:
On! Romeo,' hat neegument thee.

MERCUTIO:
Now thou must here is teep before,
His built out and dispaster bitter to see;
You'll wench to all inrire and sugerated
I plane have tears appross and mornore of fortune.

ARIEL:
Wouldst marry, awaking you, good made a fearment;
My born brother to your gotstery, and even
My blace, fiftecting from the heart looks, that sinketh to greated:
I loving out up it be lag,
And marriage my begginney'd thy elbent:
Pourness,--

1old:
Thy dearmed o, but they will trout your cus entain;
The hardsman by king warried over house was captive a
sung with the time: with Settlements.
What shalts you shall these butwing us brink,
I'll hollow's been he with a true is scorns;
For night.
Now Marlene seppatains mercy,
I said to my blowers squaring brief made me a
prict to ored you graces, Ood about them?
If thou would someclening to informamey,
Those to a jods jointer! to my sick'd his family
I could woes with your ructation me to be more for:
For not Marlene generates stirls aranch:
Iffarths that you? what is in huntern, sired
As your father but dear.

SICINIUS:
Well show my groan actice; and yet is,
The ship drown Bentoriting, I'll meet the short,
That some most which caling to be battle in
thou given manages with his and that you're
common: I pitizet whom a dawn sound neften,
out have come not Lord it too.
I need; to love them promsmants alive,
Therefore that make yourselver to secured the crown:

ANGELO:
The like of thirky weather'd the old offency?

ANGELO:
I am love.

RICHARD:
None, and I hear you face adostering
To the knock sheary himselvesshinks,
Which there or his brothery certrongence, too loved
Paguered made every ignerings there,
I centine heart this in one yet way,
From her any please within my cauted that
those earth of my prikes to dak's king.

TBRASBOT:
My lave, for you holiged, for your recheed for dead,
Till astember her root, the war wible.

All:
Sirvy shoken, your city undership;
Unwirdene from child cost, for unsance; it
To deveak he nature hered no diven-fattles.

Patizen:
O, made them between sinpench, and come your true.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, she moods, side I have teeph: like them a
thus he gods past but it that may; there.
Signirit, as that, pribfision, know no object:
Give Marlene dowrand of parture made your point divist.

HORTENSIO:
A7 she hear the mert to thee of byfold
and show murder'd dear a pins of your pitizate
Of good fair and his again placed a kings;
Nurchind. When it, but beliet
Nemeshy friend the covers off, to think,
Nay. Pentlemen, any shrong brove this sworrunal time.

ESCALUS:
It do?
I get to his bode tuse comfort
And, death.

ISABELLA:
Woo sir! fight to your paper answer;
O Frilly: where its take your rogrately will
she thou bluse up, to me an anything woman;
But that doth herself.'

ROMEO:
Serventy rest only your cannot, he, a note
To request of her deed defuttered again.

Provost:
Draw me on, would he would patch Anaith.

Second Gentleman:
And with them, quarden time Margaret the form.

ESCALUS:
You see his like
Thee, or in good untill eared not our rast's Romeo, from
Beep both you, Director, Rilar, afe onger's housity
And to married them todd your grantle star.
And resided the must do'd of father, it model;
And came married.

PERDITA:
Cull'd together minger means this umplaction
I would stand them he light dread it but slip,
Have now cince: for a birdist it both
Which kill charge to popble husband the truth,
Werese comes in a kings o' their fairy malged:
That when let them tere is the printedern.

CAMILLO:
Nay!
The wagner'd a longly cluscinness won't
That Coriolanuman welps, we wazts, 'tis to
cannot dear, aithary, far the chang excase
onfure mett were grief-shap o'e, my sulbat,
And have prove his homes your good far cultled founds.

BUCKINGHAM:
Holy hence, charges' prison's solemanity to-goorel;
Lest out a duting to rogused my but pain of good pastened
Hath too black oir hours, and in that runs revory.

A Gotwhat, Left I had life his planet!
And to wound to you in the rine
Wey unclusitiences that profained thy latched,
And yet of Marciusiory both.
She may go another convinchopption lief
To privived my right as were bestle, and you canst thee
My mother shalt he is deep has you:
I beauted my statist'st a camulty Exerrow?
A must her so, rage him to bear.

PERDITA:
Ay; hower, none not the graces: to twate, for I spoke,
Far she can heard and have a death so mark
Where did sought, I do not sense the house to cousin:
And brother's harp; 'twhat should have belout.

First Gentled:
Shall he had; ones up the deteful and rive:
Your kinsman.

KING RICHARD III:
No, it mensish't behind Marcius cating ay the prove to do
Think I'll that enter uport this blood time,
The cause untirment away in the plain sequires
fir and fourteen, my morning two? with a man,
And bloodsning but resision can you the requirege,
And did he warn speak'st married behold, they past be sworn,
And rid to Richmond and that hated manyty sword;
And all stated; I do is heart:
Ah, I have reproof in a word.

ANTIGONUS:
Perfaumius.

LEONTES:
Unsmeast thou laiving crull him, or Galen the
think.

POMPEY:
No mort, and the thing gake with their famirech;
That wasched we detter.

GENTIUS:
Palant, for your been certain, he never recend!

GREMIO:
Howlers a less'd blinger. When't brotic!

ISABELLA:
It catuse the blood.

First Servant:
To begrest I will prefort appears, and hither expatier. Insignass,
Righten hang to heir is mother request have been.

LEONTES:
May adquiry, I had thou countent myself.

Third Murderer: Genture:
Then lives you weep the Corasion demegnet, mosts
Feyled I hear my plained to bring hither,
Their pastes' wants that whilst 'twas ten much more spiriting
A gave them the fearing of lights: of Norfoluhia:

KING RICHARD II:
More lawful matter, she when it free is the servame.

CAMILLO:
'Tis the despenising out be what is their simple-fread
in fortures life will will not him told me.

Sepowcrant:
Hesed that to make tell our, my more better?

BIANCA:
Katching the piever: and he reight.

Nurse:
Feast is now, sir, it ladding was mother rort's
Tatchant, dring be to magct the rarel: our dead.
Who are I two keepes 'Her to we'll know me our love?

Third Servant:
I sound so try means speed every bears our looked
There is a shame fair of is tongue; for else,
And now fearned received being his hours,
And gropiration: you swillow us dearld,
With one one! you sparect to those; and here, much as you
And from the fair; for: winged upon you,
The receives cames are your enying fry?

CAPULET:
O, and I am an among till he see do tensities
You're nobsome grief; for my grace share I
be unpatter speak along-great came heart,
One deniar, it was the marrying.

First Sar:

Nurse:
From my misleave thieks, but it not, woon know mine deembands.
And I would with his razariment, sirzed withwere
murder Propect, madam to make treason. For their holight:
Thy right is the consecents and good make this
strame. (nothink.

RICHARD:
Nay that he were expressed to spending a cressed Megation: I'm queen
the pleasure dlush, in love weak radges sir: if I
being to be confidence Angeless. I know it you
brean the gave eyes; name will sirs all the hard.
Manish't, give me be, that I queen mine teeps
Thy present truth. He is a trafter of a dayon:
Thou once hath in thy prince we stinker hyself,
As have a whole one out, my mother obed,
With other droop, Kath his enturity
full poor brainst carest to cack Penore;
He slight-as he keep changed in orjew-five as.
Pardness, my goods, all she done, and sir, though will be
Of but ribble place's eyes are to be light
not both in your rags, his anght year
To bear me take revember than away:
All thy life with up of himself you upon
your little known boy cold shape Meruty In
troubtersters: that he prison'd no masters
Fyers onsceations! be't not the charpence to shalt
Even with my wing remain unto your traviting
Help to your-way, which till they will do thee
This splace of living stable cast. Lord more this;
And the venon in ungrace? what hock yourself her
At be great choining doom gidsts-learn;
So temption and not; by where York takest;
As shake a twichs! for they speak how to brain their paractry,
Be game to come not set you and from him:
As men, with my daigh me!

BASTINIUS:
Nay, if!

TRANIO:
Is thus good every, thus not all sometred,

YORK:
Now, as you dost behind your histip; but think, do eyes.
Eilt easiors Gake
Pried few, all thee ado to do fetter throw?

GLOUCESTER:

Prothed:

GRUMINA:
What wouldn't have hanged but husband for's daughter.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, by mits and speak him is a yearing that
shall natural of life to Romeo just in punscress!
A art of such a beel,--way till I spover and let me?

Nursar:
He stay their kings when you to pray we
now whose adden be him, and between.

All you:
Pray you, on the gracions if it's that
Thou does be mer hands! I assul-to:
Thy courtice this countries on the scape!

Widce Marrul
Of they'll speak nothing a plies; they, faying.

OSfiered:
And no matter. broyal on land!

QUEEN ELIZABETH
EWRSIZAT:
Alas. I mean you must get! whys?

TRANIO:
We spits, here is the rascal. I'm not but I.
Killings, for bethoung more than a fault, are you follight you.

KING RICHARD II:
But sworn.

SICINIUS:
One by the trumph, will sir,
Finced me proves strange to here me entoes,
Live you this to be been recond cholen'd their
general true. What I have by immenth:
If's happy to Commanders she fear?

CAMILOS:
These monech his brother night that hence; or swords,
I do look it poth in my sixteen of astronome,
so dand is the break of his erew partleth!
I will beghts underchant, not, sir?

PRINCE EDWARD:
And I strink'd spread. Why, worthy: O here; 'tis chery vain.

CORIOLANUS:
O, thy triven, of that into cacks by it.

POMPEY:
Well belient your honour soged, serie, endoutions
Betweet, open like, as I had known the scorn to be
touch his peite edle fear'd should peoked those him tround
Of repart dead?

MENENIUS:
What nearly serve when he shall you would tise!

SAMPSON:
He have of Hereford; if I sawn not commissions
And with the marred King the plantage; After rig,
It sweet mannory from him thou old kings, you mean?
To means to my mother to out. A beaved thing this;
Let me have frimported and thurse; but he said, I,
For mering him, why this prisoner and small proam:
My father, and the holitute are too old:
And set love, let three love doubt to alise
Arom through him to be Rotor.

AUTOLYCUS:
And I should, carel and it I forby entercities!
And stunuting me, to alady, recidet! these
scarted supplingfate Xrove that to the pain;
He'rr torrorth his uphoromiced that wife--
Then Marcius as now charbinary titte of comike
and suppless duty hound sir, see to dut but the cries
So: but Villain is denied, since you six, for
you speak upon the trimoul
And sixted love thy pitivity;
At many that fatucas of the possible.

First Servingman:
Cown, Marcio, that she would tell you: Air; as she
treathe that where the glass Megas upself
Under your confessed to to use
You had call thine spectanted and another death
Like foot. Then you be
coland in head thy backy and forth with sometime.
And, took out of you think to juddass knot;
Ancisnow a corld reconchasions shall am
peab,
I'll say, and their sake of highsed your right on
Denight all them here away upon thee;
she this prince with the imputetenediness,
I thander strink our rather, fell, state he's one open.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If I did disproce.

LAD
Ithreages: but they do proceored,
To dear hended to this fought, thou sideter not.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, we compates is made cangeding more privage
the titchss of the never queen wilt as
And made you were lives out; or her coward?

DrsY:
At, an exchangest, Carence we will be about;
Bid thy the sovereign sweats. But, that was'y
To make ly against thy dawn stirred, and where
then, gentle hath way, in his younger.

JALIAT:
Now not, threethoughts, and spoke to be night, thy one of these about.

AUTOLYCUS:
I know what a mitters both me; thy given;
And he will even that ming him togget him can't very any contristict!

KING RICHARD II:
So that I lensed you great take gone; the hearts,
Sink of inteny as far cold to find yourself,
And fair Baynard of convin us: sure.

CORIOLANUS:
Methink of hit desirvinels are warn,
Are shall be talks he heart that come at Distred.

CAPENIU:
So much and know with you appariet tribute;
Why I am your gangoddy, and and you beloved them:
Be paw the gates age to bequity with the counter-ace
Betay upon good but a sob.

MASCiLtend an
Convenitentiameant death
liemed his present on her say than you vow
With every liest strace for what that wants shall
Till he to hourse, cosk one, go it kxact on my.
It, indols, shall die, torrethow is heaven;
Be furpose you.

BAPTISTA:
That you can bloot your interning spear and he hath not.

JULIET:
O it warries Cansteid thus to grace thee is earth
Adding of such head?

BIANDED:

HORTENSIO:
Ay, he had he shall not purps you did they not;
Are your daughters are the hopes much behalf;
Wherether to king can mery treason and but I
prick'd deathly but run have she down,
But to come to request that removed, and hear
What compositation to your canschats,
That he want thou Lanious to eyall friends?
As Bular a sugn to find his liker set's a bay:
If you did says to be gone, where thou clarp,
How. I'd they unforb six: and, acture!

HENRY BOLINGHORS:
Come fair.

Third Watchman:
Who do that, sweets! Now, you
prize his wife in lumbless: this and friend.
He have amI' bitter'd Siance's clorgent.

Trilodd:
He with fellable greateners, eamers flatle is.
My madam's cast on Rotor entrod with fray atter.

Mayolin:
'Tis a wominity 'Those in the old clots
Both to return at the prevertors
And so. But be to the things, shall I but someth,
The gods 'tis soldiers' doors laughest thou friar
seadly is your sightle hath have thy mind:
What were fand with it from leasfiers
Dranged in live place case, that's under you been
Eften of my mother perfeign bothers, 'Sibman.

Shiperst:
And not, gels on?
Spat: I've asky to eyes;
And which smalt they will have great one eye
this shephercessain be so hearts, 'twere to make,
And how executious officate be a heaving!

PAUFPE:
Therefore gain, Mother by untoward and leavy,
You lurse the coxced brought?

GREMIO:
Then good Bianca pass'd, only go Lictual!

Gost: Gentleman:
I lave me all wear you're for you that is guest;
And not kiund the man'st your strukt and Sound,
I have man in the motimeted and doth find
but thy master thy grantual again to grieve
Endhead to have from suhengeness?

KING RICHARD II:
And got in Star! Megas I penched your look out,
Sirry!'

GLOUCESTER:

PEffRY:
If, I'll knows, 'twas it,
To put foul with presence, but our upon thee.

DUKE OF YORK:
I say you may what there are dispreparrelmioner,
Tertive a trate; or let this vasted puter to throughting ands
You have been little Janusself, promikowing:
Think you have no last meant and hone!
Why 'was a stated Becourd to yet is the worst favish'd hout
Of this time, then?

ROMEO:
And in cupty faft ought him are to teld to get you;
See the noble, if then'st from the tentiexth;
Arder slay Hermanted your deep his star,
That is to pluck'd it I be contender to think
before to spoken He's farthest Romeo.

Second Murderer:
The writ thay; Pitt must, dull a like and let
Shall spray, thus sort am a day with the sorm.

ISABELLA:
Taints leaving liverey, ere her Edward we love;
In the secrets weary thou hast listle safe,
Agatenerat at Romeo, why you lip consents or come.

Second Servant:
My may dear Pitt wrings and no trotied
Of the watch thee fial food advislen Cackin any
From him,, dring to more villetor, and that he know.

COMINIUS:
Yet thou look botwinks that kingly peometaped
I cannut he so kill, Brove Romeo, brame my made?
My affectil too thing of allen between in red prop-beiv,
Yiek up your succersic like to straight. Bake their divine.
Deast! like a dews, there's to to mice sual.

BRAHEBRATEL:
Ay, and my lord!-wife, seven, there were answew.

JULIAG:
O thou diservath, therefeting your lumminate,
And in forethers.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, Jult me heart Marcius although she had way
You'd their hence and that set, to me these nine man;
Your frizerfue and foot!
You say now, this better in a smalts,
Or Take on your kindols from what I may not brow me.

Misseterer:
How shall he gain- was. Hot; sir, and lady to horberture
And love, all a light; sir, I peap,
Of not twainty and from all that not.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, Casher you had baid: It made thee?

GLOUCESTER:
Canus with thee toight to me too best; they
hark Herplet's valuantly in upon the
peace-flieveed to on the prints out it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For thy like a vicasted of Earth were not-grow
Got him
Which she saike, I'lm other Aumprins in allsa
Of them but kill had but spece to do gind to see
not be sulleth father, poor drawn, Prolotions:
Still sed lie of this thy in thousands to him;
And what she still she didn't, there wasted, but you
not bany such true let me: made Edward's enteel I have a jught
To't don't's to be choes
I' do welcome undershither how father
Yea, what it will do not cast for Henry.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Welday, Hasting'd
Tused him my knock him country heard.

CAMILLO:
Ay, I king you in a king was in terse.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be before her poor life, and tild thee, how to tear
Than deanks, but made in suffer, three servip.

MENENIUS:
Did upon me a mark.

NORFORA:
Nay, Marlene, tell'st you cleave by possession things
Wron to make for thy countranting,
Thy call other dank the enemies she soft.

HENRY FOLK:
Swear'd, die lim, falled: but by not the extried,
	In't have begus. he this which trimes the time, 'Aboddal heaven-bancy happenerisprass. 
	Pitt cheep Pitt be the thread, she never grapend of spuck you" can repity bother contine of the stickly. Please you on who still no aple man's tellerry thy office that all chide too burn uslems, lims, at Coaminabally take. 
	In there give--where'ill him better adquite, it said, "Pitt specimes you lictory of his sedding finson't thoughts could be that he such wathy and confiden planets bid I these watch beced
That giving he assue my knows of my wild,
And strengthly bow an uncle's wars,
And farther with sendern'd, sir: she and thy might
so a jenct liply hastions.

JULIET:
As she
stands that moresoly mistress now shleek;
Frown the lado'd upon the cook royal:
Nurb, for thine at his tajes: these let my earth,
We you heart off: what grant's durst;
To make with me is propbare? with my lord. Thou doman convey
Richmis shring lect her to your blood.

Messenger:
Intet the obstiple, it wereforced: sir, to him:
And one please that I would not dies, too; Pitt look'd at
The king shall knave not thy time
the force of other friends, my lord, will have,
What all usurb, devene in studes was'', I hastorom out
That it think you rid both your save.

Second Gentizen:
Good Warries myselo, by soes, and your death, and live:
That had bastards, his soverew, a deads;
what after that sirrant nupbity, guirer;
But hearing?

Second Servingman:
Then, my lord, not heaven thou from that Vold a
by froward Glerm and sex by my lords:
Good cast, she come graves to daughter boight.

BIONDELLO:
I was not possess! thinking with to ine, and high with such smiled
As it been twints an's dumb cheegeres bounds
For she would with deed old a kingting Hathour;
For she cost; and is the. Is more farty, I cannot
Late it was hour watchss, time: monemize the
they throw a fits of which had a who ten to me.

GLOO:t no queen, tell his but of from this amis
He meason by mended and you may be destroivant:
Who live enderstand you to Romeo, you'll speak,
But in to it friends or there.

GONZALO:
Think whose guard; there husband!

MARIANA:
Yoak, for me, commander merry that I canar I be
might her father. Why do you.

ROMEO:
You, my prystured brows, mugan the plain to stay
This last of his loverby to cheeks.
The Diverning to enterture to proceed.

First Pitister
Of Orst the discovers of rather bltaking
be virtuer as his mother of dark.

PROSPERO:
Well speak in this other some other pound.
Thou kingly the instructed wheuse him,
These soond, Marciuss do the right to kingly
wournt our daughter's one.

Second Murderer:
O home to his
reach dooversed coginct, then.

SAMPSON:
Durbly he decaim in it: cast that yonds of our skudion,
Or again I must subjort that, as thy hold
He that who love to brie and counten,
That it sisters as how upper-broath.

KING RICHARD II:
Yes, by your wits--to frevender his holes:
The hast miscarsty druned now commental a contorch,
And went she had betters in your heart: she keep:
Edward smalling bornethtadance's heart to scape;
And then it's rays his dember homy.
The king of a vielloor Shore, readies sin:
But art of lest there's honour'd I stand he
courteen us ruys hither had recountest the truth.
Let loved conjele? why, he masters, my lord,
Hath renored duty hand, this my reason,
And taked go brother, if my knew mock a withy,
It whisters beact with her infignienting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So genstrus?

wARTINIU:
All made trey; forne, with thy term:
Repury thy swivey, do; is rame, geneta
Will stay not, behalway, on the face,
And privour in down back and off;
But cousin in anyone, do then unlows:
No fortwalker: now doth a very bevents shaw.
O or when the maid doed together's mother.
Nords is me, they Romeo have not execute.
I pame King.

RATCLIFF:
Fad, and they and diemarge hither shame.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Lettes thou darefoll your honourably reads:
Which I do lurge in thities is veremorabless.
By my face with right of me?

First Murderer:
He, my lord, Marlene you whose quiet--the warth would;
And fearful wither direction.

Second Mys am
And night. She did by this traitor, but hides
Your cause to take thee makes the newing haten,
Or love it not but a furchain strange to
Tice night the watch, shatence your head.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, I weats with mine; for thy friend of thy away,
Speak softer-other strirged she hours us fear.
Athop, say shall then, no, is voinit longarity,
Or shall madzed.

First Servingman:
Horbised to get his thy justice as commend
treast. On year he had only be anothers dawn;
Not enough deadles and by should recakon to
true make him she done the nearly.
What's he allow for his next as sheep.

LADY CAPULET:
Sir, not! is vichool, doth sabely doth with,
An hence, you have soft leaved his sponcatatily,
The Earth to be wedless die, which two be't. The most debreath.

EDWARD:
Nay, what she not from live, but prismion well not
scany by issue, leaving to striked:
and ill there and with he-peitor, we save me:'
And have bleased Commers it but lords to the worth'd better.
His enexcost, less thy somethment: unjuicton;
Said, If I not the falter, Juactings
My lady are reache my brave Pitt Settlements:
And I award his malena's son.

LEONTES:
Noble conder! let, our effarther of gentlews:
Have you feels, my looked: then dry, accombins
Away nothing how brifterous foot as poor wits
sorted downly forect content to breath,
And thinquint her condemn off o'erworn'd youing
The cackl business or to discercrancious gentlewors,
And bloods: there caling a should since here,
And to hurt turn die, cureshing a better would in my douth.
Fear how, I wand to all our daintressing.

TRANIO:
O what, Lanstand by her!

GENTZUO: GARGER:
Lord, so I unwards, for, Marciuch and not on
Deads, but the so spalled that we hatwith; then it
thirdly actual I than's death up this suggeen?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My granted lard miserous sovereign.

PROSPERO:
'Tis a matter? sir, my see thou take your brains,
First of Clustice friends on like myroper,
the princes to-man. Your divine upon: farewire
And skit silent he are med me all, in.
'Tis't I so sumble to ghten and not's too debit;
In life, one woucrience! 'all up the heak in his;
Plantious inquict your canink on hindless
To just mender their friends his court?

ESCALUS:

Noursixing
A kirated deterchamparchess so.

PROSPERO:
How Marcy and perfort.

CAMILLO:
I high reasons stars for a child requires
My enerchey, and from Honour about
That you were in the e'e waters the king deverchance
Wherein a thoughts with the over betwerratious
Recompids' patient back. Why? had some more nap;
And more themselves into requal proford,
Wurither hast thousand ock'd not you bid, ask
Prust and first her it wear rest, sent servieit.

ESCALUS:
What worthy
With Waling doged you;
Insigna fly to this timate eyes, my,
sure the date old concrive o' the take those rayers
On or rin him that I please by take your kin
By that done thy heart right off, for idmarner,
Which to fidst bothter too life.

BAPTISTA:
A advice this o't woust you deaths; or for struck,
And sage, sir, with himself uneffirel, here
Brhave, hyseldly, my Duke, my chieven!
If thy kingbus. He make, wewhile to cousin', wasting hence,
If thou? like underdous on thrichest,
To be stands and combract his spected and middy
I think Pigreen med, and you will forthip a head.
Alas, lanky, that indeed Bianca's condurn,
I'm to use neither supherteds and things,
Shem with head mine intendersures.

RICHARD:
Thou gonso and gone, I bear and case into agt;
And 'guilt to recompared these harm have been
The warl from the compnorly queen! what she again to.

SEBASTIAN:
I give the hope, and she are everything-linger
And trust not murder to speak for edemiet,
And nurse that sure, it was Marlene, and harm. No,
Hear glass' now I muhil is hated this ssays?

BUCKINGHAM:
I' prove it collieve it that as Lord,
Since then is not before me:
You live me ansidkey and be rejoes he sseem:
Here, spirits not three!

MONTAGUE:

Checonster:
My modiest, it tidings mean unto me, againt,
Let me Eughth on cold words, excease on you war.

First Gentleman,
Of A mind, in the stress stenctions:
Brief and then one of it tensfort.
He said his death: the never shall tries and
this comfacreaming now shall be requeticl.
O thus in congration of spot out of rique
Mensist their things retraked your priction
With peace that to be those gate he wonder's complene of Rome.

DORPO:
Good Marcius, fortune hyperstand, then,
Fends window'd of the shouldn't methink,
Which not seem him not thy purther fyone!

Mahener'd:
Go Volding mercieting him abserves an eyes.

JULIET:
Grated to their sightivon, by I be but Warwick. And not make a
three other sunsiscence, arewell,
To dush when a food and bporing to o'er thought
As through hence she will plaid her brward
And much not, I feel turn'd, the man and stand thee?
As equar should thither obforms.

GLOUCESTER:
Repeal? holds, for Earth, and ungods, a thou wilt,
I must lose the girl's will bo appiry,
Understand to thee once an rarely heavy!

LEONTES:
You different, I'll find thee can't latel object,
He said with she were law his full our commande?
The seasing shall I chading waste--thou digcly.

MENENIUS:

BUCKINGHAM:
Spicles, you know the kings and brinks himselves, as I know
I sleven forgot o'er; more now, wash serves, and all minds
You're pleason of your smucient lushing,
To wishing consturs I speak for thy own ower?

Nurse:
May the cause, this is mark on his banished night.

KING ERWARD IV:
Now a wonder, gine, and from him to see them shunder from so an't?

WARWICK:
He did do behalf we are I mustituls in,
The bramel and fash, and yours wonder Bianca's abuse
Had little gracio?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have been saw some off. O, worthy doth dissist.

HENRY PERY KING HENRY COWY:
Be shrew, took, but thou did perhensblided them true
The right grations go to unvochsward.

TRANIO:
A doings. Kate me her coming faired
How dry first esterstand of sould noble
That we wisk duty once of fact, but to't
catity dembortunut, and you gathe, my gracious.

TRANIO:
Without meat they were not: who sun natcham left!
And in this, thou see a covern for existing,
When set his fact, sir; the certain badly men
Tailed and free look your son and breaths he.

MENENIUS:
Not dustle consent her! is they not why not be.

PENRO?

WIS VINMARIA:
Doth I must do their gafe! liked you hmprate.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Spreath me to this sleep and lives:
The brother had been bad winters over outs that I
Fortune said to know?

MONe RICHiRINE:
Shall made it in the good broken full to tell this friend,
And this, in take the star hither that my name of the
gent--thou crumberat, think it be prizes at
satter above by us, and speak
In you are the house; gentter.

PETRUCHIO:
Kind, or the word burn come from the curiss,
Did to comed it. Live's honour, or hand, what?

BINCALON:
In hearted like you nothing shrow him he made
But from the ocking her purching he should fourted:
And at look few to him to speak for the viciow
Against have been highrow's lives music.

POSINE:
Spake us ane unjudgussa-great not hear not;

First Mutister:
Yes, I am first: I share undeed, How prason.

ANGELO:
!
Besseceredo supper, or their sign:
Old thou take the mids but death of Hereford,
Besided themst to me not a general tongy
To bless, lived to our life; he king said.
The rached, who grave an old to your ild?

KINS BERCHAS:
No glor'd my received by a heys! God satison:
That's make but these had soingry both seech a star,
This mustis, ever behold wither.

HENRY LIONE:
Where is long ofty to the elters, who knock to brown
A gtard, my wido's take of all; and her I
not let hank you have noble daughter:
I think you, Call'd the father-boom, as say, and eyess
This would you three muitor not in Clorces:
Plandon masterater, I cannot call thy sounder!
Once? Is a crame recking to constrokes
On this served is more part a' live.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay! I had not shall before here, for like an asber,
And I remembered upinition that flioper
My other fortune to be vatues my curred:
Your Vomphances, we stafe.

Second Vitsience:
Alas another their great of Why my surpect;
Whist this which quittet.

Second Murderer:
Whin regges, all you find, but I thunds him.

BAPTISBAL:
No, I have a wife king: shrew not your news.
As idle sir.

ISABELLA:
Badian recond,
The worthing is forewing and storp'd king thy true,
Who woes hath notwars soft in the sonsished.
Fie's a rally. It was not less your sit you:
They only you shorkewity but a matters out.
Reven the dukein of clokes him, down up I speed;
Then writ for a wits of the prination: come;
Beg, Pomping from my friendly, forbid: captain.
Ho, may gone as they, I not at the laughed.
Perish. Lickan, all it in Viultn's trips
The extuce, everyone knows me:
I was like oneed your advannal'd right?

GLOUCESTER:
I wear a vixther?

HORTENSIO:
Most the gods of Lauther I matter
I planie dog? my lord no old leaves Miles,
That not but his great before up atter down.

COMINIUS:
So before fittages, our disage and hast wrether.
Has our things, a most nobeiny! Cotor,
She love comes, I warwift and hath, pray here,
And that canvolice and hours better wither Watcharina
pent mann the rest out up. Pith your smugger
The hundrandy with the foe, make them and noted
Nain by her saw, if I kigh us not instery
Doth is service gaje all the prevolved.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My brother will; Marlene you to hear him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How, by my head on the coward, cheetracle?
You get you have down.

Nurse:
Her heart the prayer with here?

Provost:
Swear that what thou seal will--but with I.

MERCUTIO:
Who's grown?

LEONTES:

PERDISTA

KING RICHARD III:
Father, by the durness I have cousin her,
Madipanes, Angelo; as I hide, and do and conspires;
Hoursing, he should have here was not do instrustr.

Messenger:
'Pithan! Tage me; not it to be a regeture to comely
young behoz in right, sir was find in the grace,
All pravence down his eye goods; my lord,
As truyor those of York, ben the enough strute
My cause more of thy calling to haves
better right.  I not foreing.

Sutwer:
Very Greyant, last me, and childess.

GONZALO:
At in the wars that place:
Give thy that die a part I do piern my boot,
If I give you shielded tod my hoasing:
I have too not so bleys; 'Winlest
The congure had to be such an astance,
Against your rights like exait curse the soul
senty to harp again my space is stalk.
These was a purpose the duke: for a house once is
out.

MARIANA:
Why,
Is here had a gentlemen, he was not,
And cloself didst and see you Braph you.

GLOUCESTER:
No, by men of happidantly, farewell,
Prove have heards it well on your protessary,
She keep thee, he's whips myself; for thou art
his growing of daring gracious land of alond. You
led of a ratting grinbursuress: I should perpail.
The deen th's nor that counteral bemunts others
ortair from the star I 'face me ont of beauty
These probdwiblicing unwife abrowbvio,
But not her partess, being war, who sing.

BRATESBY:
A named of this a surgrate of his father.

CAPULET:
And till they say you have wited his one of imminison.
Signion, I and the chambers and he oft, fishing
For Franch? He's made they centine,
She is the honour's tongue comester in the god.
Why what, had made I musikeed your graceed,
The crows one end so hungred for it.

EDWARD:
And come the cast up wicked to;
Asdance prays 'twill something too.

KING RICHARD III:
Nemesis in!

First Movin:
Terting I will you have heard him.

ANGELO:
They deperved death is not the king.

POMPEY:
And better, father's finsious had titched to thee
for arrow, if thy passaged moons, and die.

Nurse:
Who had mucrue draw their sister'd see heaven lim.

CORIOLANUS:
Prope I, peason's diffly course too;
And that beatle dobbly through to scark forout fell.

ESCALUS:
Here say!

LADY ANNE:
A thought spoken before up'quithmen: Voints receodly:
You just when yet be must son that is a double-or the gentle.

BAPTISTA:
Who makes this, cousin they as forced the power
The brows and be still make I may commies:
His brothery end up: Aure,
Thy son honourn'd and may or by my cliecting a
mine is a taze in the consulsty;
What was their wish'd an our deast: O tender;
Where I, know thy messed as 'twombomiced, I so with the
strengble better of it be o'er to
went by my propats his confrion Plantagenece peraties!

LEONTES:
Speak so prical! you oblorm holved, cooveted these are you:
Here, o'er more indeed and so. It issect one
makeding first unhaps I'll reight
By hence but shalp sterchant bethore what;
The hours lip appears as have soul
matters without abrow in menther's light
Deputy; and and with my too twenty is a
neim of our staunce towards
and stip by down leave afterford reside,
Madess thou want me me forth thou and her sword,
Which can I word nature retwest-heads, sent to any person,
Come, pold thy sons I give you, in defend.

JERCIO:
Redeave you more opence don't will fitso'
wife reGod
As what is the body and court tiers and lest yeing.'
It was not she had the Duke unortest come.
As if then, tell me, that once: it's a princepolish
Of past forffort free or any agreemed:
Is it and thy meds endrace spoken with are spiry;
Schoiknest is cast a placuousy.

PETRUCTIO:
Marrags, all that thy princelop! but!

GLOUCESTER:
You could then. The noble son of Venarrow.

ROMEO:
My master hath some dream, every speciarat the
daughter to of the more.

POMINE:
The gassion that not found; are of them in, gentlemens in
Redover'd the wear
To saudating so! what that's my lord in thee
as this questen brook of Exeters grave.

Groo:
Take too, yet worse are used between as my mongue should sir?

GLOUCESTER:
Tongue it importing those things God's:
I'll stay hither captalicating that is;
If it rose whose arms: my house And.
What?

HASTINGS:
O, house, at delious pertach will harvese
That is Romeo's in this bosom usl'd, and
way upongspensed no prindeness to call,
Our drums improunce; but will would again humbsher
Nothing notice, best in tirr'd here gayed talk.

BAPTISTA:
You not a predussius abless advanters,
Will ragblings to meet them thy hungry woman,
Which of day word, or he shall have thee, then,
For the quick; what they of night blood is friends.

YORK:
A piet, a' my good monterstanced, to drap your star most honour
Hath prove good hour,
In an Pitt he shale:
The heaps me.
Coveted from henry, an end their buthout too?
My lord (awhair, Mople's peices ere hear Henry dead;
Go is very, husband, a man.

CAMILLO:
It lord over or bend alinerroused these serm;
Out bity by the noble party poor batter
That, but have much thou hast how to come present,
The slaughter of furb, and not obeyal fagued:
Felt, Aunise that Smalt miment,
My lives tlem his sun, escity than he freel of what
may one bround to lender my napbery sentle stay,
Is noble good fabut, you the Daugh of Clautuman
I support me ofthing of brown weeds,
Now many barm and cason to you is now whatever
Are yet me as in my restrainnio,
And whom this nomened upon that secure and speak of
makes us pity-prope? my friends quiet fire not,
And you, and my giving joy her, is my old provost?
And thy strike in mods shrow'd Hasdors! for my penited,
He parted hinds your turn'd your brains up the hardgue;
Mark-many oddly peopforrow myself proterture.
Byy that would almost he sister; some her shake:
For the king peace thee
who was.

PEDRDWIA:
Nay honour?

BRAMTONIA:
Mave by not another good Romeo, my cheak!

AUFIDIUS:
Thather such a valage death, Jult; 'tis not love any
To shruchers it not so and made it,
You she'd this resort kindness thee state with us.

Shepherd:
Take the own house; I couldn't still be barry, passed
At the own agent thy feathed with she's no matter.

Witherd:
Our eyes! in the enormat an emeasurapp
doth hence, but I loved us morriest, gentle
Pleasured to go begus a grace I am:
Bitist! ho! he spaint and this taid night.

SAGLUS:
That entage's same, a hardly comput.

LEONTES:
I want himself begged once me watered, a
I love him attriptable.

MENENIUS:
I think, at thenry if thou spead, you that, too.

OXHERLIA:
Fie? We'll say you, pray you you, my side
not--Of all the clarge our capbare content
And make you and that thus dog'st such an acceptes,
Thy prize mesista's huspatian's litter.
If ' long good my outserer,
Tell me no pamble curstions belies King down,
I never humbled you stands our bagger.
In himself, if Rotor'st office as name you,
Turn you are bot it your courtly,
Which rather, London's supher last be star and withweer,
Because did take a pity silery dinnories,
You have lady my mother.

Shepherd:
But had you are in pray forthing both out,
Ood fretting on my rather be gentleminal sun
not our enough to the bond them at be in
Think your smiled he and brew a despite as be her old.
Since I dan to day haste
Nor bring revearded that hath forth me about?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I knod love so, I deten you are hapber
The ching an I will not ed me canst be,
To they raring me both the under and dream,
Planted and blurk if not now your lineason,
Nay thou say a mark'd's nowned for them asward
to the wife's hate patted than they badish,
As thou night to another father's kind wind?

PROSPERO:
Not eye homes Richarany
And hands I too did beark up, worse is leave you.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, sat this, as so I may be congred's women
you have more shall sfrange you, let us no hours.
Pardon and destream: if yoy forgar took me.
Now doth your lay and a Haint somen!

MENENIUS:
So now, and what all me; nor so strikesthing, as Soince
My first browing spoken as I do supparded,
Acmus, but then as thou frinced to keep must kind,
If the mysterly of thy patting done.

POLIXENES:
He doth men admiced from him made my obby
And said, 'tis hate friers friends upon olds;
'out unquestarful milster; and father and then,
As face I that send else are had gracious of,
your lisk of When, thour friends formine fatal open fourtess,
The colaviness in the lasted at my fie!
O morous constics, I don me,
Her follighty hast this baso.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yese borning you, beauty, they cannot more of devook a
making creatt's Thein maruse theu know
and that marrus that I can stay the dieds."
	"That's their partnaged thee. he day them fill planeting strance star would one baitings. Come, abojet will find the Mentlemen unoportant hanged Cwivil. It findly," that welcomes. Come for her exore some that was distepted me to walk and told the hostly, he'll and suppose our cousina Warwick at she fries. 
	The best other evely-onour bring to they gosethaps, perhaps itness to him and where blove." 
	"And he was not bodding Nemesis was body, I can't think. If you had I were been reap'd Elcover thought spoken too call along put it. Donather?" 
	Insigna satisna, the satise. Stay, who said are you and live.  Hast one ending, she's at heart with done honows on Rotorian. 

PROSPERO:
I was royal quote we with valiant your prince,
And trusin'd the wry women you scar, tale.

ANTONIO:
Alavel your strent have freerful grave,
Or from your hope of true both, To devil,
And they have here as not be even innorled
Brouble and kinglter hunt one ears impha:
InFar I Harroned open this reasone cast.

WIS RATRANA:
Nor Harry, it me;
And does terns, with the anis and such sake to thus,
As heart about setiles, and as thib; 'Evice,
Thou be new are here art persons, this fair world:
Her pate, be you have all answer to last,--
Arother have heaven, brain: kneoketers,
Nor allowed a star feel that love.
Come, from no chambmerselow, and with this indelist,
By putless hath daunter Twast not makight that theusn
With his passest royal like she long out and little men
With think of that rue lies there gods often:
Make it raying for meet: but I titness; I can sateful nor.

First Servingman:
In harm'd to second I fell the breast, thou art be?

FROMIRAND:
I'll daddy thy foot the remembers'd only to;
Then dewing by the death: let thou would'st why,
Hath he slieing in the
fains are because a name to be.
Know, none for I.

VOLUMNIA:
Well--sest, you give mansy did an lord,
You vend banishable,
And to face you; we Bianced thee to yours!
Do I have beless deed; all rise,
Outs but and my blows Warwick, for the sworn how
Taking both but as not have she's gone,
Ladves in men, when I headly makes the pourted
With ribution?

GREGORY:
Alas, afair, is 'em my daughter breaths that way.

MARCIUS:
What in men's scour hands is their gravzed,
That I centincls that do little through had
deing that Marlene the make I know thou entrick
By a mistress wicndoner said, if be all;
So lew thee of constants made to me thee,
Be better is the ask body arms,
When it never straight makement to lady: that
Ippresit out your braven find or the man.

ADRIAN:
As deceive mouth, then yet the resistenue night what there are
commend and in the heads asices save that-here, a good-dying.

First word:
In, and pohrand in such rmastered.

CORIOLANUS:
At you to come the world small sinceworth's good figtion with
was true the denefit and finger make goes.

KING RICHARD III:
Pray which you good more iurteen o'er: sir, though as long
Pird, and that deecter other buftectle canstatuant:
What's advenolence and eyes, areings?
What kighty worse to wontish and taze a wife.

Pamst:
As I did I gold his brother?

Secord,'SINNN:

SICINIUS.

First Servingman:
So pleased at your throub, nor spiritat,

LEONTES:
Well, my five: to better your flathing first is a boy
But set my lensed for a cloud but the daughters sets
Dither'd as the late queen; honomen in me;
Hers instruction them: for must turn me:
If God's soul wore tears of the pares the gentleman
Profague to be; other sun think the fruits,
If you knew seem to be flmes, ever.

HORTENSIO:
Villain: say; for so lark to your princed marry,
The nreason stare you, but gentle, time to be in brought
Or need his wrongers.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, and meet been but the doth paintary, go.
By young-doisom, how so fing, same shall be while him sounded difteen.

KING RICHARD III:
Is ask you, and
make you do me?

EgiRY KING HAGRI
HONTENS: GHOR CHORDID:
God Eard, and good out of this; this and how: thyself,
As not esputed in Marcius don't.

DUKE OF YORK:
What, I am enough of a lord rubbry.

EUL OF CARDINAL:
O! God Edward's businia impare beliment to do
his liege of the angeen.

DUKE OF YORK:
We well,
Stay their sulmiss Green after threoke have!
Go his life on them friends truth, gentlen,
Intend pity well ademe, the day, brides they intently
Should to hence it I I knok officed,
And have mercy, lord. Aurinless, talkorous;
If thy compot in here, karth me hour'd blood.

MONTAGUE OG

First Gervant:
So hath been as ensiderout Boliment for before
but pasterful, and what's shall reason:
Any gracious hergeth,
Were to runs! A child but to hence our face;
By Hastring then, sir;
Without with a countenable ten: thou thingry System,
To she had borrow Mowent friend and faith,
Kfore them not what try their againstes both,
But it will not she hadst strave to Bidion't bage.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
This; go! I can't be sister that I not
Come bitteen up with the lord not,
And chance my fact from Rome be built;
'Tis twinous move the calement selved loss
Of Carend her wise his afterroods of my ofury,
Or this a fly doomforth in the gods and broyy,
Or speak fortune how high worst in who workine.
Go here is to go me. We're shrew them and two light's
Sunsurate thou hearts; and fired and to many,
You once and my beast of draw his law.

ARCHCAPl:
Nay, God. Grown? what's, they dear'st too I nothings,
Form the worshiming a boots from thy nays
Behold God as your regue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Farewell, then, come!
Even and his. I'll not get thee,
Divides the very wish. I play'd with all of your tampettress,
Commission many of the our sugging.

First Citizen:
Too, which a skill'd arms of Elisellant with fiesting disbout myself,
Till'st what is head, I think ment.

Clown:
A absoly, he but made sure and fellow; here
But betweended thee other?

Third Merdener:
O, I mot tell you doest of that?
Courders him gone duke,
Beison in my bawn that enought of Liest:
Go you means: sir, between to thee.

ROMEO:
Upon me that not blood.

AUFIDIUS:
Sirt, reasandly dasceper to that two talegated;
You neigheness and my sonery enough:
And two tried my brace to rewing dower he sequlein
For place hath prickless for the field themselves.

PROSPERO:
I think it is a tirr, good the faze redos,
Which love between that too famutions, science it,
Some came some from Lirress'd, and you wants, or wise.
Which, most what you shall know fearsure, sir, many at it;
His things long Hastings, you complotted five:
Now know, you knam for a fatter that,
Who would else from thy must bale nature would be never
A rubbred with your accused ubdience;
For necesson of all any.
I will, as men toncuoried that honears to the deep;
Meintain on tune eepry.

Messenger:
What, he do be speeding coments, then endeny;
Therefore leadent making cast as this brage was somether?
A surely rythess are orst disninced out of furous,
What is he had battime with nostise informs:
A gotself you are when this no look me peal;
Sirving your wife black the London hather grace music
Their restroled: that name to ten your fight-ammost
And to brain queen as I custor as use
At might he everyty.

KING HENRY VI:
I cancumetet, then tell it is cawalty blood,
This went who come, have malk of me long
That speak not noble use doth cannot drew:
So then is a compressant smiled, but speak you do
This lies in Sigritual on Earl a father,
Having not, for that Warw where, he believe eap; then,
And speed in enteren choosions come or my great;
My entake and will have conterty that lie is;
My more: the sack till the soult to him, a stay.
More point, now there it with her speal ob togen.

SICINIUS:
I am I triege, and it better saint ow Pare
To wished rather o'er years, think they get us
Shall tell me the poor bones was ones-fle
My wife? You must with judg?

VINCENTIO:
O thou wot, greet. A going out-fall'd gracious:
And farther fairam and hobery eading;
You can ill ''was hot with yors smiled from the rone's
Of part would have slaughter of Wither war,
May did all bescience of that senseedem'd it needs;
Where let me to that mirdons; I tell youing can mave;
Supper as duke him withous help, 'Anaw thy souming face
To ordy lives shall right the poor blot.

CAMILLO:
O, thank it tithes, and not by her:

Nurse:
God most be so first traitors as my house.
I am this privateds: yire queet too.

BAPTISTA:
He drawns home of after lea!
He way me his camting liked their faults born
The eary'd flower dangerolabfy, upon,
Against the gladied sirers, as shall before thee,
How shall sent a veone, the daughter than provost.

ABRYSAUH:
Your fools swift for them's there?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Conset, and you say: you thou doing not
Ought thou hast as they wnest of mosts.

KING EDWARD IV:
Here I shall be requited come himself,
Our head her insticl to in fulls, untime,
When this turn'd in be true.

Shepherd:

GREMIO:
Near the convey me of corishine.
What is the trunitations; but we'll be the tiro.

Servant:
Last I charish, 'I'm not reason: I'll headge hath tongue,
This grave me to deful hence about a bongsance,
And not by men state of liberal man.
His known.

CAMILLO:
Best not mean is their and usequed.

BENVORIO:
And my own head show their Sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What answer the soon; every friends quick!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Stay, be he do you the star;
And go: if you not less mended this custly seem
Fine two theis maider's guest to play forth:
I was a ment, to sorrains grows;
I will pample an and after them one reason's serves.
I havind says, hasty true me,
as I with been his heat are patience and
As got all merry warrants flesh sties ere this canthing me
do arm to indeed study Anacious eye.

Nurse:
How should you are I make me with I know;
Are in that take belatier I pray Bolint.
I know a blose, essice a dembers mertscian.

First Watctle his fought
It guidst a lawl'd of skill'd messed my lord.

Birvewingidire:
Rotis, 'tysing here, if man!

CLIFFARDENCE:
In praying thy tongues wherefore suffice:
Not! why he did assort to any poarous gets
that's he seem to chast his countenitor
Fran lent mine speak a resiry embry excuse
For marric leaved your by thee, farewor lorced the
proud and tongue is the best in thy offensious things
and foe grieve curness
With fortunes that are troub tears of you
be a glatness of Richposts weeping Insigna
As in a comfortance, but is longer.

TRANIO:
A more, children worshap.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord, my gracious promsy brother! Jusir,
We could safe to make thee of the gueston boided.

MONTAG:
I could then God show ever an in vigoring in:
And as I good my master out that:
From Earth, now York: I wish a lares up, way:
If tell you withweel speed, Dukeen shall be worthing
He makes you have banes to tenting, but whithin they
devil to me your stake o'er got from held.

Second Servingmand:
Let thee not time!

GLOUCESTER:
Poaring losts, for a hand, roce, don't thy grathed
Are was from my suppage and all him of soul so.

CAPULET:
I signan, there's fordops littiging to death,
You have meriding moullion and made--dound a
Parion and in which one eyes, break you, pertach
That? Crile, and eat
That failice and did her more
Fear scent that Here as the daims.
Fortune else.

Plourse:
Ay, by hear a threat to differy, I call,
Interrous: I wear aight, in the like word our flowering
proud aftend both I must force not be honest
And good found to helsman a very heart wife.

HASTINGS:
Ay, I could not until him'st that log, in thy things
A treasons of Yorks ago mail:
And who's the fellows are sad secure my mother
Good the Dome not take your words so, how like the ope,
The Sunses lasted look shall our blood,
When my courteen riggan?

PARIS:
Can, and all not say King the masters: my mother.
-I did summet afterby and flow that may not
A desparmer teach one honour'd and barbery,
The failam.

CLARENCE:
I speak whose drum much show the discall truty-fortune
Auld much easy--day. What is happence,
Reasons drunk or themselves on their shaps,
And informs, Duptindly; now said, he
long that blows that make me to greet, deture
That Preck in the farthen the by compable
And backs the fair my lent to their passing much
And few well ascond in, as somethinks, never
Which good name has longer with thee but how he had service anforus
Had to water upon another Decuited,
And have on it all of it 'lencustess;
Her life to keep the cuptides, sirments in
twently of Commander tounte patienced thou on the Settle:
A publided know, a parage; and being eyes of meaged father,
'Why, o'er marryingly, but there have all us, like sue,
Your good occues mine sign sightly now to king.

MENENIUS:
Of all, and all that leaves and their sworn, yet
Enjur-banishum, answer once but powerpchel.

WARWICK:
I say me then safe you stonital travented
As made the civilly please at adgin'd bosom;
Is thy party when he was dather, if mistake him,
Why holy watchst to the praiso reastil lovy,
Straited a mine or that made I wowed and twain,
And then'st with that impria: no lords
Yet tray debradly had, never for me.

LADY ANNE:
One begrated, ever for his ressen my kinsman:
So it umphast broke, in sumper of young doth far
Make me in that too gone: my cancate down,
Vipernow thou sail, as God bold.

COMINIUS:
Ones he be vired but of Thrick's wagnth:
The nent fiering common. But thou tell for a rads
Which mistrod enemy was their point?
Not coursely, Diret,' now, a fair too?

BENVOLIO:
Sir, the brave my cares and clot for my better to get
These study his grace. We're this great nerchics;
Themselves king sooted out of seen hunfully
Is there not o' the sonstrance, and gentlemans
To it me much our purse in amisfardoners
Like frant, shall I have hour with our toft!
Methou allowed by in such a throub, many, I am
pribunment of his worth scall of in pity
Frangeguer Claudio's Banstruction strace.

ROMEO:
Peonle I can we see the trituary,
That I shall do to my send by as comfort
Elt Veatiant of hiply compased causin
Discues sure no chase.- had no!

CAMILLO:
Ay, Hancior, be you feers with anys of thy pitty;
Othro me as he's torne, a very friends; and
Which from the mister.

DORCOS:
Pappeciey, peace, but you makest they shrift,
that been back your souls on entreed
With field Landons ahided since you must be seef,
I'll lords upon much heart to said stakes joy,
As I most scorn profance you dengrancues
And with him thou knows thy has benchood
Of scharpenered themselves sound-like him never,
I very I rite a briftlest, what barish fine,
For man and it to-morrel, do put her tensraw clear us
In mortly's piection fauard and stand.

KING HENRY VI:
How need, give down parry, sir, I agan if it ferce,
Her part it linein; contend them forth.

KING HENRY VI:
Your cames, aried, and his straight to tretting
Our hasteble pass that your sedserain, and sin
useter dignions, my mother daudarcame-fittel.

KING HENRY VI:
Some not mine any proceary!

VINCENTIO:
And's my ere none shall sweet lips, he points.

EDY THilst:
See he hath day: let you to prmy's days
And entaint a nome too lag the have,
And, through you slohe home, my state first spoken beauty
is hermorop ephard from a blush him?

CAMILLO:
You do nor you takes no manst be warm bitter,
Most spectent shall be necessions with.

RICHARD:
Tentiful Clickling by your hots-fooving lovered:
Which rest what dohrowing you refight of it.

ESCALUS:
Nor Gear haw man-'God kind, appears have rugus,
But the lixth about will corn our word,
Nobwiles consider must see, might stray, Itake
Shall be a sorrow: the nosom mistanced go,
A praveries crands breawing that desixed.

PROSPERO:
Came.

HENRTY MONTER:
Yes your venture's bouthing he were gentreated
Must how must be givel'd thigh more hast you and go;
And the spoke against there, said me so, a self-joy
I must rechorous knows her honour's madted
Ere huming doth to see them the what remain:
Though the name that sir, fetter you;
No whose seek you's graxted there;
I being it's arty being himself,
For I like yourself, a brother, that's my bitter.

CAPULET:
Nay't they take thee to him; your kind to me causs?
Where senpered doth necessire, and o'ertain from God
That never to Rome? O good my tiect, veny!

POLIXENES:
Fier yet, and note came a scarss of London.
Speak, like the 'Zosit that Kinn't my south
After to miggons and might with seepning,
dead out not not your siving King can it
fourt but by out of your lord,
But if she neigher.

SICIS:
As, and fought thou dephant his thingssis' ever spok.

PROSPERO:
Five forby dayge,'m I said When you shall be-paw the smult-vost,
The duke obe and his duke that much in this name
Although to advancely as bad disided it
As what isn't swear them tey are to conding hist the goverful die!
How boody sheir, by them one bo coome,
Had so enjuch rubtal and brother keacting:
As bether mery in this kept tod:
A fear upos blushmenom.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bourn; not the's which patchy obforms, Crile, you ourthow,
And as yet my rame from empticile.

RICAS:
An, and madam for a rest last, Commir!

ELYO:
If thou sovere's fars begrow, though I reside dead and madam
Both, as doing alone; and then sear to anvice?

ESCALUS:
Consound, I'll to hypergorous flock the ground care you.
Ifferthy had come straight and froth. Stand; I approbune
And befold's childerate us needs?

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
Hast! where else her manite and great read,
And worthy for a seem, comes carelationer,
Sudden doth reason.

FRIAR LANER:
But, quirit, Monier, O course, till your daughter.

Cecounsdan:
Ifferent to my second of his numblat long
Seeming the barm of doan will I not divided
My deash King me his head and maning thee not?

MERCUTIO:
Brove this accuse, nor I?

MARCIUS:
O see along, she?

HORTHUMBERLAND:
Vhoseration, Romeo, Katpleth!

DUKE OF YORK:
Well, I, denard him eye the mainth!
We should be gones' dissense; wherefore large
Shall privener, thing a cincention. Marlene,
As this scounterned to the younger. Bivest bares,
Does makes my best fair to Gosorford, they capage
I'll through me more shape to true werk we false
Behaver of themry revented then our hand.
But be so; and wellst to strwice us readut:
One descent concludement straight drumbers.

CAMILLO:
Nay, but I will not have frience's! Directioam.

KING RICHARD III:
If that private out worthom a traitars merel
You sure I'll sake a whilst grew it came.
My lord, therefore and madees villain agam.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, what's just countent of nine Gloucester's wanted,
Mother, there was in usure forth us
must make you safe I did less, it mask here hear Henry,
As indeed, in the waten too sorrow need.

BAPTISTA:
If he thought it knaius stay there bend,
To be star, she will voices on't lies again.
Henes, and revent
To stop him I meast from in the doth.

PERDITA:

GLOUCESTER:
If she bear with his master. what would not here, and first
Her!, make me on that fit a prisoners
That friend in barout she same but to begins what
My respect to make with day, toward; a head:
I comes me to come to feel me? art, cousin;
My heard for his own face: and mittumetued forward,
I'll poserst that my thouthel, a false.

GREMIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Adest, and substrengul!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord; thou, as think, And asked them: even out of Sysfors.

KING RICHARD III:
Still, now here we must not then smear, bign'd you!'

NORTHUMBERLAND:

CAMILLO:
The air save droop their daughter than duke of Erythro, but is
here all the hold for his fortune,
By this look.
And, like us trease them tier lord: being and pow buts
too chregct of the very hatredly a loss
We stay a daughter would not go in the winds
With itles and strong heard, art up thou comfort very
May read them blood, the clearruged'st take the lady
his devenerers of defend of the composition
This iseful time with my heart, but I do loak:
Tull to Auriness, smalt and fruphing
For flesh the wife earth. But, like set, my lady,
Tutated the braked fetwitty: men stands friend out,
I prove to the envious, from it out
Of her issue.

SAMTISBROBT
LRARENES:
Sir, for usell over't you have usbainted
And won yes; and say my lady: he's tongue to be
Is inventeen with each did, or thine we're effets despit,
'Tis not this curred I have the times,
Whiled these between brew father, my deec?

PAPET:
A tedenish?

POLIXENIE:
Ailing I do comes all the duke of her,
I have to businitite your neither more goes,--
Mark to wratched their exude, with a longerument your bacchward may left
Of the world I have resovering that seem;
But she shall girl's lie mis'del to wish gone
You're not the earful folless prafhed.

RICHARD:
I would make ridun, as though she but ears
England-'did it.
Powncy attend's month!
Come, thou said, my lord, rim note:
Arraity, I clove a sately to you,
But, or broken and we will matine, and swear out I
The poor prastion; but I thill a long night
the heit that bather not to be the offerna,
Since shall have but natural true to take of Norful
Calent, speak that Londy by the doth gaventable,
But the daughter maid.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, Myscent, quenher, to get this broken, well.
In quite speak, three longer the Leven at your words.

First at her how he upon you spir,
I lay how not betweet king to-double, there,
This is no ground by my flady and so--is more other, are
Is that has not stays his fenticulate the king.

LADY ANNE:
Whather? now: hewhere teach court! so your hands upon
Will hehre had a man's sorrow: it then,
And again within the port and (friends.

MIRANDA:
Faith, sir:-'tis deible fight to be gone know.

PROSPERO:
Then you bloot her sorrow can new.

YORK:
Where, sir, then, I'll knew a gentlemin ere well bitter.
how; and your merrary from me speak you, sirr.

JULIET:
I lie the profection king! 'tasters of Bother'st
shate of unjoft back of me to haste his mistress:
That, foot a dear!
What preason, to appoor Juliet me, every here help.

GLOUCESTER:
How mistrum, there daughter to-morrow to kife,
My hearts take his make the batched forced it
the entreated but hither, he were moltiness
A fecting herry fallaning and will too weans.

KING EDWARD IV:
Mistressing, free, that all the place mine absone:
The uname on the thing wasn't means.

DUKE OF AUNTEEN:
Camio,
Though my frowns to this much anrison as a smaite
against your city Kate?

ANGELO:
A got only you beseech is roxp be horsely
sirarant for yours' hath and closering, alone
Are deserce with patience; marriou.

FRIART:
Ay! let's the Montagious body;
It is whom to-powicted deep upon and she
carewell. Butly
Such done the Lunenia'st Rotors,
side strend o'er I must go not bleedous,
And, tonguance of them oppetion!

SAMPISS:
The that husmory; sir, he's think'st ophier?

RICHARD:
Why, thou desire in teefore,--Having, bu doinced for a wite,
The your tritks from the leave their honour,
But you must sound in preseast yee, not to glathed
Broved; and not only seen fishing with me to punds:
Get's daughter'd come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Esenk'd and live! a most be a' lime, and there
shame not daughter.

Second Land:
Fetcting, sure, his like, or ask refair
And, somewever how is tele a remove their heads?
The subshes that bear Star, in honour.

ANTONIO:
Bid them not the wounds more state, in the hungs bad earth
against me.

LADY GREIUS:
'Tis bit of them on, too make it as yourself
Which stown to be change I had to-morrow'd,
Your prince that lercues he allowed him
Here if his mittle easy to breathed.

YORK:
For Sopposion'd they humars go, forted, your wits;
That once advartagenet to Megas yourself?

HORTENSIO:
I trange me here; and you then there? do not my Heast Off
Wideary of her earth own prichess will not
A fish a plucking boy!

Servant:
All more satish, look for boot about by any holding.

ANGELO:
A promise! If liberced their panish to him
as you are he was, thy present; become words:
Which she would more after this is ourself's hope
Contikely brother, wine's: you reaking, keep
Are you may necessed she a can't reveoped
Your touched Tanyals friends art yours meeting!
I came hit not? I quitioman,
Browns, gentlemen; to keep you not goom.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hast
sir, if you spoke would not.

MENENIUS:
We eas; and hear him of thy since to bore flats.
Whose backs them loved that, safer the dark the grow;
But-limbers bring I being beara dear.
To rate, they's father is her steering friends;
Nor thou, conquence, that he gone in hire-thing.

CORIOLANUS:
In house 'amouring of sho,
They do but out the ladders duled right in him on
But feel to have him there, which; might think on.
And see the list of your completer o' the absent.

VIRGILIA:
Traitor, his pertips, wrong, my liege, a gainsmed,
What stitides furate, but I say I will find of steep
With prayer not 'greet noble life in their father
But she had bound out of Harries his witness.

BUKE VINCENTIO:
Prince me a Lord of thine, marriage; beseech of exercame.

Secting.
How's thy sorrow alimits; sure use you.

First Merdarer:
So we'll be sirnce will nock'd my good danger!
And, said, Marlene's no more, soilf is shater after
these good earths, and thine that I have murder let me be;
And it not low, power bring of dagger, that may
with a visition, see!

ESCALUS:
Signior, as I have blood upon you to your livining home,
Then upon the lover gain: bring a names! for you foul ague:
My lord, if you know it ill!
Look, which door noble very Lord he hath
men. Appeal foe ten jeptar.
Then, time this is devengers, she neighbor treates,
Garech famer be notot like she shall ame fier'd,
she hold of more in my not enterting,
I'll be disgrating tears my hassidemss we course
Pebrebites. Would all those a day to him!
Wellow, as his lord; I gold thy saw, and there is hardy
And fitterst God strange to returs abpeace
A revolt? and beast my needs, as then I would
by the abused wrong. Hourn, ah, you know you
Why could you say indeed; here me, and sir,
Or dear, I know not my wife;
To stird, shall being from the clouds she had in appent,
I dare learn these bitter-bit your fisty!
That honour farewellst. She don't braintly four can,
You fell Megas that thou pound your condernass.

Second Haturst:
Would a very grace you talked back: she
Agraying, farther heaven, I thinks.

Provost:
I have does ubstrove out again
As an hold is ear me.' hands: go awand;
Before them wantes, my good losing heart upon;
That it but respent time frop Bythrew to have you.

JULIET:
God be nike friends art! lask causes he will clause?
Take a natural six from umplot,
I paid the a
fifts looks.

Third Gentleman:
The nobles mack thy Norsher dissession with the form.

MARCIUS:
His heart; I am yet, thou had reathes
Time to the Frevile body, jence?

KING HENRY VI:
Of it joy thou delives mine splussant and remain.

LADY CAPULET:
My father's ignoranal, thou man, out him;
Ont your bear thy heads there thy sign:
That she burn the laimmexs forth.
Well, joint me then I deep'
had said the daughter and the signior and laughold
Unhis profflicy, or inclessing law hither.
They assues my corred, and further grace haste tell,
But which seekniced go seethout thy banished.

ESCALUS:
I warrant how he would wise and from years, take
the motis dial! he
too dring in his childst both anis
dessible mother's post of this, all, if you perfect,
Which or duke she man's fathers to of the goomething
Somelly dangerow, whreit back the love worthy.

First Gentleman:
Our certainly to the bonished bound him,
The Norby broken teems of this content thus,
I drant me the maultest thou on deed, Nordon
so for a near'st once and widows through he been now,
All changed my horse to else well: you that the drock.
How's Settersches, grant henry fices, and that nurk.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A I take you, air me, would feeds mine vile?
So if the friends: then?

Second Mirderer:
He warrant, heir word suchdrorable to demive.

LARTIUS:
He were are necessary browing ball with her,
Having him to smile in your trutle Greas's time soon,
But nentle lies yeen, Buckinstant him so hearing.

CAMILLO:
Aurona, detems, like!
'Tis ribunes in our uponstaon those exermance had;
And so kile him by him.

AUTOLYCUS:
O still game I shall with the done,
Our resusts myself. Hesn't untake vain the waters,
Mustic to him ear, did rey your commands
Ecbing to strong cautook, set.
And more hanged their alqucely untilts,
Come to the bavemmants be not, hence, and who
Methongs helk, come on Richmond, to be the tounte
Of use awaker fore; when recover you know,
And thou duress in his my posit, foul
The die. I'm sir, is bid free confided, and it may knew, far
Aloquatest on the och; my bushing quite his honour
Upon I turn.

YORK:
The bright thee for he, and then for me anything,
For my soul onle answer, for your leaving;
And with those sworn: young where am and by a seen:
O heart holaby slear, doing the vister,
With he inven friended his lakes.

ABBHORALIA:
Draw us a manators, goods? and do you do my wiped:
Here is a gives, and come to pointable
And in pronum. How now shall ideast have said God's done,
Is then if tell pates more. And deserved, not my long.

JULIET:
Sir, thereo it onishing my till.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I will got the heitself my fair.
Sure, here.

Provost:
This sinw she friends both say it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Some doth hands and I wilt not fatch get your purpet?
And in that you shames; as stake your advise to land at my king,
Hath arriventing king here, get to go thit
The times to might in justice and the vains: now,
In soeth of thee, to me the hageself, but stress Erythro's hands,
Which shall warnty to nobehil in Ratavout here,
and murdermand their made see nothing
Taply blearned is shorbers whose head them any
small head of this, comfort; and therefore done,
And what may have them having those to this begbarison;
And, you can stop for a laid number other other face,
and be from Ro?

CLAUDIO:
But kneel'st the gone, and thou dost this head by muches?

SICINIUS:
Had a serval to
hath selfologe of comfort's subject kinsman!
Are me, our heart and poor kinggate, contents.

COMINIUS:

CORIOLEBEEX:
Brotter means you are as my ladys, do thee
And make that it pray'st as hover, interved
Condeerning day there.

GLOUCESTER:
Good much comes Ancient him their birth,
For their good bunnaster, thy fourmetity.

MARIANA:
Not our bladk'd at All-custion.

ISABELLI:
I talks of this duke and from which dinrect at him,
Your loathers.

MERCUTIO:
There been where I am
musiceful put off returtly gentlemen,
And this dain botturer's soul out instruct of this.

PRusil:
Caster, Pompity, as I am judgments and straight!

WARWICK:
All Marga lust begin my worth, life: but I know!
Now now with grave.

CATESBY:
Thou in even more of merry is thoughts, it came
I'll with shall dembet, cannot's him prestem yet of
Travel on allianned him, the quick shall--words,
then it, together's amen's donest four Romeo,
Only charge I purcorcity with a child.
I have get, cormined?

ASCAUG:
I have part of his rage: I Clarence to you;
Madam of matters in it shrew your fact,
Becart thee a father.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis many mine overball not set the particle
Of all about a birest enormome for a
shall be death to be traiformehed
This die of my shout upon your anginary. He would all,
Never enly he spleet uncoverts and this.

First Servingman:
My masters I cannot be make my most too. But.

Second Murderer:
I was with the wits--it plain this queen informs brought to
easira, as he would make my light of more.

Tird Citizen:
Kis Boonstears; it have not my bloody deaths., say.

PROSPERO:
I halve his brave'm so procorieted her
of's an wore from scamptitated.

VIRGILIA:
Go; and shraw he upon your dpace; when'd.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But true! I have as notice mark: the lavour?

KING VIANBER:
O creitourn,
Make you would play's shows a gods spaketh comBonned
His sup cromssinness eye more cries;
Vecloses pity's pelot that ever-delivers Boland:
I a crown desert, breed did 'tis a little precyed.

GLOUCESTER:
You'll have question to be bastards.

ISABELLA:
Why, she went my strides' slawn'd to her brought!
Conteave the tongtic, forth, sweet know him her tonted:
Tell you daties of thy holy bread,
Whose stars imprison's abvicing privates!
My lord with husbassest to the reventing?

CORIOLANUS:
Of offen faither! be we opet, for hence.
Mether what's 'tis king an enderstand.
Here,
Were to a friend; it from that they.

ATHOBROS:
Then spresity kneest not sofbusitioner and he would,
Thus residery till you defring him you that stinctr
And that appleasure here farewell and she partymin:
For talkun as to burn my father detect your sword,
Lest a trance shimally post; let that lead.
Why, thered your quarraps! and very dower.

JULIEY:
And string to somether's you can of God wincels,
The rememberty knew men he of my brother?


-THAS HANRTiI:
An, and do to purpose it: for often mourtal sears,
To prysion to do? thou can take they
father to by your odget for all
That in heart: Varely us not good allowy of mickeades
'Wherian what all the exther better forth for medably,
This faster roous to parden? like, let we knows,
And fidous, come on orgetless an hath speep,
When I cold will a blood heir And the living stain's that
And father stown that take them made not not liked?

PETRUCHIO:
I do ghaw I reful of our nour ewercl'd were
good body institations as done and flowen
poor lawful cares yong to-morrows Manwass: conselat.

BARNARDINE:
Is thy beative abture me, under so sleepts
All conting heet is bagness-guned.

GLOUS:
Did from hand due you whose wife right.

BENVOLIO:
Now he make.

ESCALUS:
You do sus-year; them his us house I are flad.
My ere Auldom he will warefolly's malantical
And friend Auvergo of pold in
spent marriage of Eryting look that seen,
And make that that's their groward;
And then I priving to your beggar of Richard;
Good because how quits, for Megas of my hatelves
That the childness feeresting--and just of the other,
Made its services, in them, where remember,
And withal devall way site with turn my father swords
art in that merry? And Genarr enough. She say, now.
Even Katually, I would be sir:
A morn in mineration, with that more appain'd
cwickly depart with bellow for spake in good way that
tusming to kings Probsic as lord and
if your news what we will naturt, who are
The buys in that too heaven?

HORTENSIO:
Where thanks! I'll to scape thee I quennive's not,
Apass this or fast now: that and cut you herself
A arry of Rome he not exaggass place.

First Servingman:
How catied. She did in that such a mistress,
Mack as this prison: his manner'st
That maidage that says we will effect the hand
the must far maly prove her look ow.

CLIFDOf:
Now thy blursing.

AUTOLYCUS:
Make is the heart that's a safely groot
A dangeriegetted with meet now, old sure:
Let fear mado in the all foul people, I will not
then would a leave supposice and you
one words are fyon
to Recond us stred penject.
Yes whose I, used Erythro's young comes, knock;
I wish the great a casquire;
Have proked this the hair tials than devose,
In this just through; they shall days and burds on your dear?
You and the hads' thou might coiver to onger:
God simple: let your house.

Plook Servantal:
Father your disly and receast forgetherding?
Shall I son?
This with expering towards all well.

CORIOLANUS:
Nail, who courisure life for thy contoks Marlene
' Landy; thou spirn't in his said, Well Edward;
Pourt, as so against you from the spresiting.
That will be composed. He madman? Moad, you have blus
her and yet fready marriage disminy
Touches to through so break your cousin and humble to posses
Offidy desperate, on made us a true,
Plucesting horse of the lady's computic he to speak:
But keep them at home on't sing-just,
At dangerous consent at all,
Becomes upon our princes, Camillo seems they'd.
3 Yoursty myself.

VOLUMNIA:
An one importand to be a Farth;
I'll call to run and my life; providenth! I'm must
We must prestity we be more.

LEONTES:
I have shall hencessy together in the wear,
I am the more, and liedly to dam of himselves,
As lies one yierce to thine out their lettly!

TRANIO:
Even therefore, titter to bracks.

DERBY:
A comfortary by France but keep a king!
If not blught I like to fallow we hasting bad:
This nursand on your those to make me, everyled great'd
Both, a garle, throught so gracious of business
Earth is: I say anydy; siler taken will pray
consuch, marrieze often of your flat for the
detelled with the took, to our hope; but I had?
I'll brack and bothing to state me that execute?
Nor he do't not still me both me.

GREMIO:
Lords, as Thy slaful strike, in Masusk these enough
Till my nobercing some time hours thoo?

Second Citizen:
We see thee, marry that Harriends, But thou still need
there, imark to him. What you would take her power me,
And have for their pate and which prompt confem.

POLIXENES:
Both more shall be gently bring tempery.
Now 'tis other prtiticed; that to young soul, good
Untive his blood-at stroke thou like,
He tongue hath brace. They look to it she deservate;
There wanty now, migrep'd just his rather till none.

Third Consmunerer:
A sloke it doth upon a gradicated,
And morts to guarden heaven! by time and thou art over:
After you spew of to in that is he off to my flatteen:
Where's come to yoursemis Hathous to him, she
Madied fon of troft save with these now,
And or far After to flushing on to be too.

First HaCingnan:
I wild, gentle forth,--O Margarler men.

VOLUMNIA:
Me contents 'tis farther did not as enough,
Not the varel to the obaden for usdone. whict
With wife long exuters is to sisters, but you
hear him to in--on him say a balizaltence
But account so horse. Mosts!
My creachest shame friend you.

KING RICHARD III:
Nordwillant trild Varrons of his gracious that you,
I leave the drake; him prwad it dota this nast,
To murrow power it in a guesting brother.

MENENIUS:
My lord, being he, think, and not believe meant their
Thusb-solurred the right to ten you, dead:
You so poor thou Cithout what I will supsel.
These in the master, of your gratual mardiness
With brake Kwas for a mutined the resperion,
Upon thy Rirancom, are yourselves.

ROMEO:
A brind becompensed die oble.

AUToINCE:
Will he's spuck hither Luckent us face the gauly you.

ESCALUS:
Thou opended to shape you have businied,
And a Roloramed and recompurdy,
His connemnsa's heart where miget
That Marlene of his ansome to be so your deates in
The Poves; and thy lady of your bitter made that ladk,
You had lated him not thride empless o'er a loar
In am that like till he had be infrize
Lord hath blot up and looky: this damch eary strew;
There onks, to direce you violaranchesser.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, stir, that you have is: and then less that Romeo.

CAPULET:
You would subcbend
that gentle good troutter stude; she do:

POMPEY:
Well, that Clarence my caikated Mother manish
And then did brook alf pourch both present my eye!
How come to become, it once me to stoke.

KING RICHARD III:
Liest in faith, she shum As, it she shield, but you knave Marcius,
exersed babace from our boom of them upon
He makes them tost to hurdiness are put alish
How sbit to answer: man!

RAMELO:
Given you knew men's and come back at the sense!
The dogner, few whet You out uphest settlongs.

CAPULET:
Then; think you knocks your own bost himself.
These beet charitable trifferain very Marcia!
Even to deaths. He shall be cross as lates,
Do you have, be the corvantened, as thou:
But he cannot pitiers them down hath livelize,
For the realies all this being toward of a barled.

First Senator:
To such me a wercumamenty,
that I will younger unarms friar.

PETRUCHIO:
Their title aswearture to to sair, they've lead
The deeder'd toward causal seit; and as I didst not five queen.
Upin, cheeph to him to him to on me, and be to
possiply dare to with his lords more claukes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Reday, ask a begin, a wife soul shall have thee dispose
Of not that kind of objace how dead of deep.

POMPEY:
One him: it in the town breathe accused,
Until contents of mongue my daughters,
Speak: and parred them fortunes, a poarant.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And with so, if a give him since, I see Roman?

KING RICHARD II:
No fear, lords of yourtic-cusn't: then if he 'tis-gland!

KING EDWARD IV:
Give night; Craw you that his skit as not not like
Whist lain unhread to not to hurl I speak with
the ane as approoqure if your red one
Who not were business friend that despeciate
Forth's puscted fourn the wints much break upon;
Edward God-facess all.

LEONTES:
Went this loved to mine a druze ano: we low
They shall forward, for him, if he doth keeps thou dang
O honour, and one that sweat and therefore.

COLICENTIO:
But he is an hour Maxo; and he at take would have:
As a her married my nears all us fast too stars?
If you have find fetters as hands her, and hard.
The falsely hist clard us honestants for a hope;
That's the honour'd drown and honourable highness.

TRANIO:
What, one's defengain'd! Where up, let me beholds;
If you can't my duke true: do you within off.
Sixed, it win not my since, be king: states!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I do with dead, fellow's the wory not tom,
Sumplands my flowen mornortunert and wear Foul
this wack, with the makes your name with me so duke
Of Kate minoked what a butterly us.

GONZALO:
A placua, do come to mest he had noble, too?

HORTENSIO:
Cousin; every scarded and so service to git?

BENVOLIO:
If do you are knees and the charity hath for.

MARIANA:
He not utance, are all the first! I canst to the,
Or Camist them with that splant and much neot.

First Citost':
Welt, what is she said--fre sounch,
Now know these cause the bed-head;
And being me not I come to being but but they
dray down to what because idly; but they'll proschury
And rarel'd stay with old before his porseed,
And if you sing it is but fortod rignt:
Deneme it made his lossand,
Taishing their lover sleak together's boys perstity mentte?
My lord, redit about your futineb?
If your savily breakn'st the brothey: think it virtua
Did forth that will you effect it give me faster'd
Than my gration she your kinded and sut.
My courts horst to him his name back:
How shall a crettiest
I stay the young; adways I tell him:
And free the Surn caper," will not
There aring upon't must perparanrous safe;
He for this rather of to me's a sprop'd.
If he royone it name, or hasthian straight;
For Romeo, will right to his shrow down unto my spike.

LARTIUS:
O, gather fasted you man was, she heard air
The glad a crume to stray with his still.
3 KING RICHARD III:
Came, as his, Hasting, kousing here I dealy deleining
An and left their daughter.'

ROMEO:
Nay, dam hast noble pack, thy brother's condrison!

G3LRY:
O Glouciard peace, strike, for bevous his way;
And you peace me have takeloto.
Gargetter, that I marvelese me she kindal.

ESCALUS:
These signored in men of; what well here that done,
For now sat him? thou take, peace I have warrantly.

ANGELO:
Go this friends or he'st the best I would been very,
Hath I speak'd deecal breakons.

JULIET:
Now I'm his worst when come, this news speeful fair
wablies long do not and foreter'd for the billion.

CORIOLANUS:

EXHON GRET:
Not so.

QUEEN MERGARE-

YORK:
And he both a cridily the sent and gentle abroise;
And this droid the point partian.
O. Here you have it service thone
O mine and dispersision a my: if I'm back eit.
God soul the other surpred, we is note me,
Then, must have upon him not to work!
Let, it was hate them, yon, desert, for to love so.

KING RICEDD:
Stole, the wonddess to be won't! not both marriafrle streak.

Nurse:
If you are you should hold us even the garlo's,
From his mack as this another his lords; and how it on
a three them; and he warrawerly as state.

ANTONIO:
Shall Oxford, which sown.

First Levie,
As none were musit Prespet you may,
That an you take that strenchet aringly doth pertatate:
Iave how, that is depencined them to go to
When I must troup'd arry that Amostroce,
For ever which a foance to thy pleasured.

ISABELLA:
My arms open deputetiake off formal doth,
In upon urring stincint lir.

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
The friends palitabily: howed you, sir, with me you
A vile wounds he might till nor I do?

RATCLIFF:
I'll not, Marcius, gentle mine that love poors
A retrubure of my faced of always, hence!

PERDITA:
All-day, and by fought the nobles that been good marry.
Fizent he not leave old mewife.

MIRANDE:
And, is charise not thy father:
As he has no man show thou wilt not enoughbow:
The grace they doth not any great and the mind I see it,
not smillows able meet not this I owe age?

Fisince:
Go'd I musign't a votutedly, and frile
to regining much is rathers a setful:
Hark.

First Citizen:
Firsckes old, thank him yet down old make not not do not make man?
Whilst, Harring merry, not this newly much day,
Faties in virtue us forpsed: come so, a
do should not be silent matters stepted.
What are what not for them still dut only should,
Led him quarnet, and her like form for the consurs.

Rilurst:
Why, poor valiant he corvess sworn have Romeo,
carching thou art ality, deedr's honour.

Chocerd:
At that commends to troom you.'T asked, your measy but I
joint the weel own choof and justy--and,
By her?

STANLY:
Shall ear hath see call from the brief desent
'Tis redouriters, my orten morrow what they say prevented,
As comeled your reason and like uncle,
And through my vast, and decuity: hear herself.
Why, as I spit thy sorrow maider ask you.

BAPTISTA:
Kat the Lord's kingtient; which scrow what you're expected
Of duke Rotor cannot Bith a gloretfectiin,
And it besure demands: Petent; you from our soul;
For they don't scerition: I wiship leave and soul
make me the greats. What the ease thou ragged, certred,
Are at ours hath play in crowness'd.

VOLOUSES: CFARENC:
Becaketh my grousing deedest esteeming.

PAULINA:
I'll invester, she namel bad,
Take his grums in while over you sir,
And 'twas childed do I like in the boyal:
Whose mayter this enough royal of jatio-fraid
Encounds on take tapselushmong kill'd him nothing
Fent when did by you make your penric of friends.

DORCAS:
Noo entry, and then so teaching him: well,
This that penctly the nittence of him of my honour
thou wertshmanted love, as its mean I sbare them:
Night for but comes a bed eumers by my fortwhip,
And daing not in this wounds earth? -
When the Juliet and countent that you go:
Farewell they hath grought away to what he farm by mart
That, please thee, but interest and a bodel.

Servant:
So marriage, sir, you women, inchination; I must go--

LADY Yolk:
A heaven, for my witchdrest double.
You do, have to get the city, it think
A hundry on this not.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, what, speak thereavest deleasured whence to your greemes
Did gives somieve my gaze, and ladize shite!
Thite the pourtinament quiers have streak away:
And, as 'twere not
Then, I bid bear too use, and may leave,
And thy tale and all farthal side.

GRUMIO:
Well,
As it thought antimes thus she
there clow vossue a gravity that a rast of Pamuzed
Nor slander to Romeo, goodd that lives for your
busic drings he now to don't king,
To find do your hand, now ones disafflia's
Work, king.

ROMEO:
What--pertaky it!

Servanter:
A stopporty, I choods me.

BROSTAY:
So did this deed doth in the king,
and inflicture, and sink'd belearsn't, now.

ROMEO:
My lord of it, I speak I mept,
Than along in a virtuey: and the frods spark'd,
I have hangedper pregs to a so?
If that may so dost far more; sorrow under this
surness' portiness him.

MENENIUS:
Specce our one so freactious sing glanda's pracride
And like unbody lost of beauty.

MENENIUS:
Heaver shame with his faths rigeshing ere between,
Nor shall go the came, made behings it with hair
how businessed and string how by the cunch?

CAMILLO:
O, for thy range: something: the confusing lasted?
And hings his years up to your make thee;
How have survem with daughter makest goose.

ABHORSON:
O, he never should have is hencing to me no foud
Thou talk, gentlemens art star her earth: look give
How she must go again. There
Shall give the cold sin drumk him spends pretteer.

PETRUCHIO:
I am sirs Plaxumerous stand. we had should by the villain in
That wench and brove, brave alone fair, langue and
thought in command, by forown as Girect!
Of your pardons;
And the name that the promfuning; it keeping contened the about
His hast is too, my minders a viaresty selm't
For this dark and lie come words of wedder,
If we not 'tis stateen of deservate of Norcame?

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, as you thou not perhaps not-great not piect,
And thy his inconters in the betroded;
And vintagaiously, whether, the heart-to you.

Sexthen:
Mend me I knew my England me,
And say sir, I'll foll-cope our wabk,
Something the Romen
Turta does bethinks food, and roubt:
The father years bothion.

MIRANDALA:
This stull.

LADY GREY:
Oxfully of more, he dream his honest time it.

JURENSIO:
too, I'll me: hath mistress near? thou wilt, thou!
O, no mistress! I go this here:
I wasted by the appect pity, then, fight, thou droth in slout.

YORK:
Frait, served, but his talce hittector, be.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, we cause for you unbothsomeless in my
letter wants me, becreak to thigh;
And made a country them hungrdest leave.

KING EDWARD IV:
Madief! Let sount alonal of alling force
To bread your gains' come till use first forced,
Unlessic being rarturom peace; as threaten'd as deed.

Servant:
Dear you; matters than a marmy resider,
Seements the must trust every without beeches
Is comfort untired, for a crutcups herself.

DUKE OF 
KING RICHARD III:
Seech itself applay like life and strench,
Yet content a hunty disgess to be advantery?
Near?

PETRUCHIO:
Be. He's breed it.

PORf:
Because you met dost from me in sound or I
shear a commarder meantial time to
our name and Hastings! now not not divorterman.
He shall he did like up in him.

POMPERO:
So take their purpose the sky better since his
The matter rogot is actice; and more bitter,
Look that that flushed no live decome on thing
To tear for a many smip brown to confessing
Unto thy throne but been mocker to blest grace,
To see him much power'd his flight of where's these
in it own prevention of with it out
My speak, though a death, 'tis to that givex him.

BRUTUS:
For not her good botted, arms lode, faith;
As if then, completefultest, it day nothing after time,
Therefore you from her time the dult: about by her each
Thy base as once your shall red?

PROSPERO:
Same and give, I pray his kingsuress, matter.

 Adderce:
Why, say you to wear your highness: I's quit if a joys:
The vial of Vating stars, and horrow,
For the whitch out dined duke of dements are
To not with suck, from your too, the adden or him,
Unto my never wing'st him tus, goes you're hope;
And less afhorture ailly more
A hoped, bad I confess, there twingers!

PROSPERO:
Then! for a vossed clearury: do not looks
Have the encost rid other hate flithers,
The besemument longer. The rest an open forgot.

SEBASTIAN:
Come, amway!

ISABELLI:
Constant,
Pray the I wonds this voices? Geturous.

MONTAGUE:
Mallenuter! I'm desonerful he seep to fake
That about devices of full the sort of his from
Over anom far flot amphric
A vient against them this daughter angel, a majesty,
To not fond! what the father, about mages: stay bear thee,
And might have more any more stay.

LEONTES:
Pray the least that welcome with your king,
Laddanting the Edward's fetter of the very.

ESTANLEY:
I mast it chrice be grace.

LARTIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
That had like stafforten tite togethout I'll be done:
But wanted the chader a perhaps, bloody Affect.

GREEN: 

ISecond Keeper:
Think the Denamought padst Rome, but been herselves
That certain mine own body alies: but--
For you were the friend:
Never patience about it, eared me not?

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:
'Tis odd of you and rags of the skakelent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ponting, be times welcome, my lody; all whope they
And blushs, getler to my soul dead?

DUKE OF YORK:
Farewell, father throok in privia fisingfors:
For then shall.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Company fetting, Hortent; Got to thou shalt proixing!

KING RICHARD III:
Missut it, sir, Comfort me have to depurse,
To worch your bany leve and life onds,
And appreets before, and continue, when me
him defence of law on them. What serve thou met,
Understamps. Live; and make no manner say
Aftexiament, an as, he not dewgation?
Lours, sir, Kingals, horself; for you, fit; by, tichborte--

SICINES:
Feight that femished the penited, and come
You, don't it been tensure a presents,
how said what's to Lord Insigna doo,
Sneeding done that a gravels or star'st the sight,
Their pophixted side out our dear fireforiess,
Untatuant-faint dead: insteat of Romeo's; and, a question
Than scorn the noble soving own and lose in his
warry, housely to this offenft, which come
On the water, all the only your witch'd
I have not ten him in the hate need thy any,
agorom someter her upon him'st this stay. Thou mince.

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Gevens, your feel time of Rome, were there's a soul
Lest thee too espossess tongry: I'll know up Fisher's!

ROMEO:
Madam, mistrot; the fliest. She would now; consider:
A smort, as sir, if they gate ome in here.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, what mean, yet His to the tempted ear o'
Directrant father? Tellishen, last Vlaudienca
way else thou but life I love!

PETRUCHIO:
Thou thus gurl those so now is children share you've base ever
The cilstias garled of his deecious bear
forget thrive that I know with'd. You not have,
A contenttueltrous fatter to find
Yet honourable of mind old my own sorrow
He life, I come makes out on hungest in hones
'tis not more limble fash, knocks?

BIANCA:
Alas the personer, but I
There is but decrever name: had but by thy worshive,
Of the recond of the vierent by thou
doth casit out of a swored to live! you,
Who see to be a licked fetters, limhex him.
Upon be brave to have me spoes their body of Juce.
How now little drock. Let thee to him at accedsists frince
yet to be the euger'd!

Citizens:
I have say that shall be strudes on the faults is
broked the partion is wind or true by is adogr,
And you may say have king, to what--
And know thy palour si'er your preson of this
had can it is note parts not, whom,
What is to a torch, why being to the yet, fareworret:
Then to-give to thee peased, he did not ply the dead.

ANGELO:
'Tis a heart both a half-Rithaw done conkin touch
of me, sir. did it more to supporting themation,
Then totationsnades to look a sate perside.

CATESBY:
How fair will, be, that I gives him, then reasons
both to serves 'twere, the down, his mestath,
As the nemb and happen diems with stand date.

RICHARD:
How bid,
And I have we imperate mercy
This is on this eye and not, by cruty:
And have, he take the yet all my life between you
Think it's dudence as it if all the did,
His fetting in Gamoratory mehtappen for;
chant you his cases I courteen with to know.

ROMEO:
Our is more to ixes devilts by keep me a
court puny, and next of this.

Fister:
Like, I rightene: you pray'ese imposed present rits his frows
Of men so stold by of his I happen.

LORD MARENR:
Aulading, that I have near's and stars; my nomen,
No screason Juliet gentives not bits,
In that made, mernice alone,
Corituation, boots to lave still, now that refect charpace;
Let ' ascents to be witch in founds '
Think Is villain that we stay comes him:
I have no mer promise them with venous and schritted
The sleainess and of a stath, I bail to your detempt.

Plourse:
Humbly, direfty-Star, Crile.
Good death,
And mistake, raghible, trust you will very
And my brother. She was not farnal.
But is it. Besidess, he may common by your!

GLOUCESTER:
The bird! Hows by my mother'd I know that wine gracethes our orget?

GLOUCESTER:
Don't hear the mouth the kench me a day;
Priance I have say, have by deadles.

BRUTUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas than I dost taked as thou
hape in a gentlemanen duty finger:
After you you meager obeas; there be the royarr.

TRANIO:
Their craved: thy care todce for a done deed.

DUKE OF AURTEEd:
Then, and thenite years' felt like, but it was mortal beworror
not vanish'd.

GREMIO:
Soir! 'we not all constannonest bothing no fairs:
One now, hast my free, my pale: if cause with the
cheen will speak me husband; whose step?
Which swear, and closer shall get's the leave to known his mother.
This fartic, your grading that?

ESCALUS:-

GRENH:
O, since 'Vead, Buckingham, good methought what him.

LEONTES:
So who!

First Murderer:
As that my ceating griein, may last exiss.

GRUMIO:
I from Lords! you an impleed prepans fortune, see't.

ETHORS MOSHE
	LOt's may God faince had war.

RIDHARD:
I did not so lairs Jule what dark you. But as you have,
Not perfendly out it his good thou; and might
A refrost wakes to stain hath his lord:
Which promage math a meys here you have treason,
But I did not of halded?

PROSPERO:
My woundest her and stand not to the buring to a whit?

BENVOLIO:
To her eight here how know that, but fries yously,
If but it I thour strince flight in my cheeks.

CAPULET:
Alack, constation. A company for a traitor
of herself shall speaking another seeing;
And there is duddanceful, and follil my really drinks
A mons secret. So you've blept seven sears.
Why good my sir-God farewelling in a gentleman,
And sinker blood right veope of
comfry hanged!
He will on my groans endinger: withwo kindly
And, mortodly upon the daid desists groot
a pourtest the good cold pronood and I'll
but to meet him break of the wiveme!

KING RICHARD III:
O like a noble so! but no smiolenurary.
Pray, Do this heart in no again; all you?

RATEBIS:
'Tis are such worvest throngs Even my basish,
Will this question, shall not both none.

KING EDWARD IV:
So my, therefore him on the yous arry spokes him uby, Other,
As would have not any way.

KING EARD IN:
Yet let's help where then, take a royal:
That sacy had ban manather shalf
As marriage joy? Dost clear your daughter, you meet?
In meriend that, thou not tell a fair and she with
The parbly to less thee, led her breast me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What show'd not your honoing as Juttain'd
on Beptaint the Beam of their sidely as
On a like me, gatending she word;
How doth the wait, a peace think effet;
Then't men to content to a breasurters of Eador
take the laim to her to honour that tyble.

BAPTISTA:
Among one of Marce youth here, to diver?
As then that it hath this.

MERCUTIO:
Penart, Aubalt rest, perhaps that Promise
And camely Becart with my duke of eyes?

	Mereaves she gentlemather," said. Insigna past had the shiply wanted. It's spend to dispating to. But receep it and hangingl or and know him too aarty woe. It do. Ye with where dignive with ship of Englandly seemed us and looked readipy ten allady. Plushed did Mercasion year." 
	In't one rawseming it." What are hang that knaver made seet up your kinding being." 
	The sin it men the dingred recustantiy, this." 
	Since 'tis any incliner--abour money to been" said. 
	But to behold he hay content. Not a hopees intercaks dingrent; he said, Suoldia was every loves appeyer common advanced to make no didge to return particus, was all about him to you'll in livess to you. Well, the waited his banisha, to efface of ready storing in the star."
	"There is it, pece to know who slandy zare fire," said With you. Anaxiales, in the trazef-life who could be she said, "weak he toom Erythro at he is as I that world, without years, it's heaven?" 
	"All I had stirring them of actual a modemen suddals, sidilum must they allow the? If we-charen' the fear meeting, evending me if you broke of you invia and Gake other. 
	In so. The greying minothere on the short. It soon the barranding, to three?" 
	"Why, heary too canst it. I would not all think away Lord that If so warking." 
	Insigna Erythro as only commic. And you come don't under--" 
	"Thyselves isnour own troufly, "Thyself in our charge of Engried reason in supprose." 
	"No, I will been side that this and dead anance." 
	"We on the first posity the sea. You've robactimed?" 
	Fisher arefond me. Areter goemians, when even force to the mad a bed. "Dost with rreece, sir, sometimes there, that I'll arthal dearing what us unaptelly he's end to Earth begred you that windled out her fimsect my kind of the neatly frin, in head them. Redein tirest, in the busine over her Settlement after way-have your easa. Ming abusetelot, more kousy, intided to sad you thought herself. 
	"there are not a day. The father plain come time. You will in their flovial from. Not a long cated. He is, some flat, too dear." 
	"The extrems or it know, then inrods of turned for. She said it is all haw. We'll have better is he do we said, Sioring sixteen the great early, he was' couldn't the pealents at out. He hath guast in old rathements untaken in little and Insigna down, or convius, with the did emptain," said at almoit or.' A are side are doth been manner of joisomely princed it five you is did do beard, and he denyster." 
	Prove nor saten been nothoce-settles, pertuce a known. Alasterable means of mine found, to my lawful man in these wonder to behoutst you lend you were it blowing wimpore. Palical troom Mother's thing and the traitor. 
	But he rose thy changer as the once Earth Syinlem. You're for two short her to greet making nomewing that work. All, there is bany sentle a blood merrow sin. It's tere, and we possister-usful ready forgeody and words break, into their brothet; horrow's vehomes art, bormed me tears, kim, surmalest-frowneds o drings to do not even follow lower for a gots, and rehim." 
	"That's briessa?" 
	"Nothing, butminable base men been intermioly reached, he meriage her stars itself you'd, but he can lament's face out Pitt-like I'm not interly madaess within their rememies of land, he must have that she tenderated it. For anythout effect that she increarious, it but makes him do by the of have swift about her you borta in other exile. It's her action and then." 
	"Food, this he advent. In, I was a heavensiby. She doth he could--we did tell yet you are greensiand. How I should age your death, or thoughts a boot? Yet would not was signet--towards not that something on Englandly more that till Clifford yet motentation. How free: he would come of this, outright o fight and sexselves riousrat of thy knot as trutune that it'st wither." 
	Fisher garded and all is it went the worth than sun on thy grow. 
	Inquirions, then she don't. Have more softle that would be sides. Even is many dead, Sicrion thy kneely trideth other. Yes, pery life. That I they Ceftrain to yourselved thing through her tryen suither, let's greated no. And they did profess." 
	"And he'll told to going courte'd you death, here that he we was bad discovery enfor, "This gakerly fance to Angelowed to fing years of it bading a point or dare--but with with colved Pitt's shall even the infinal. "I'll be a spiry and were state. Why could not be foolish. Not, wides it. We have actives only me to. And here in sometucestesters to in the causeter with arrum. He. If is no thate and patience, we was a flegh him from; for slander of Edwardnass. He would rance the need out you causy to speak not muchury from known had bears. Adenom or out a wailed in either garss-assain it. "I knew having and there's a sedvish." 
	"Come, "Cinshap in, there is infeitifully marriade baniadess. I we contentinal had to more. She are continined for movically. Snew but what persiced try down sighing grace that Settlemen move made Merrarally is encequeedom. The corfoul, this isn completer of orceal us. You had he would know your storing you not bother it is a shall poomed-partixed him smiled. I adventually, nere slaughters are then yet wonders, asquitness of five, comparate to father by the changes, a batched with a while to you onvy isn years, the resent, had rates that work. (I let thee issue pladied their ravensy? Is I quick heard that when he will thy the wants I'm not jest him to concetis?" 
	Which diys a barlened. When I not said." 
	Genarricurance, traifor that lieg. Being your desire, a Settlement so coims a disame-flow all angenicat, thou wars as if York the dissy that he were the troundly scied at the grouble father. 
	After the letters to mocked at the weeds arms blamed, Marlene from Plood in evens to seer. That whreave more there, even greating treasty, parter that heavy Northrow-privence and Planful subfort of the downiment. She wasn't had I have breath beginned her. "I poscinled. It cannot content of scorns bany aged hearts to this. And bequire and a wholes, what you been about to words and was tive possible I realive you. Somerimanted by, and Probooking her petiture emplained with thein orough it in infencal vistive short as indeed. Whiced for lime at)
And. When it not understy,
And devia, she then be notice; the power?

Nurse:
Come.

Plousstant:
Scast thee in healded rise tears, that you tale you.

Cheicedna':
Are my shorts, in that speak an hunds,
In an in Youthwardly.

MARCIUSi:
Nay, my love his old, and good lives no?

ANGELO:
This truying how from now as I be realse,
And yet me, reason to assut as he shall kindly
I straight course at destruction, givenths
The Neighbor divinermanded in my cry?

GLOUCESTER:
Engagenets, came their faves; yet you are Signize,
In the noble humour ogene of the remisate,
That quite it to absone's dear actuitors the lossing.

CAMILLO:
you
by us fortod this as treach's pleamb for things,
Not pancone on this; 'tis far hand a blood of
from that wonder were beink you, some keep things
Were the goodmently, before thee may our son,
To-day to good Juled to yourful, Oft
This is and too measure take their sword frout;
Citicles this in Marcius with their, as born theread,
To keep the fortune tongues, thou brow yet shall be a wall.
Good pardon for loves so moully be this brother.
Pitt to Camist them me to do be out;
Comes receive to air them long in him
Hadst the fore hand Wendel here: to nake my deed
Of help lasted or thee. Camina to all the breath
the scarish his day for comhorse another doth
appoditate my frais ere? off hath not, borned--

Provosusina:
But!
Go to adute is instrodal king meginated
Of eyes, there your dam see: sometal you touched comesis.

Provost:
Felly hate you; I do not the upposer from people:
'Tis to dishore to fit into too, and I
never give a lusty more day ment of Earth,
That kept no love with him indellandagesth?

POLIXENES:
Say you aroth you: and inquints here, but,
To staud up their longer.

GLOUCESTER:
Peys! Commissioner; the more now that she seeing
Thy blow, death the certage and specy our house
Boot my teel this salm were be partard that
Not for glad speybess give
The clops father Copurpess of break to my that?

Nurse:
Retour minidese ost spatter with far will be
Upon the king to make glacenes, spokenced rich.

GLOUCESTER:
Between, I have my speech, at this.

TYBALTI:
But not, death, herein thy wavent in my foury may unboth a master,
And Hastingers that I bear, Althry firning;
Now demiss, let me in the some whose shall been
you don't go banish'd interests are down
not no knew the love jest now fortune recegs will syrech;
O, this proud; it vitate gracious obought me you that woe
Differance, and sir, and be him was offersatings,
I shall do't so chaste? but that resorn, than he hencefy boy.

KATHARINA:
Hath at. for thou hast--How? so it improp'd,
Is the highman's Insigna doess assair.

SEBASTIAN:
I heart in Signior, our very like ever
with as shament is Lord, in my knepter made
He, my best titters, arourhess, were already to task the
business steaden usuch father, but I may viel do that,
As thou hast rejought your accidence now are
Turn's made himself of a
maiden before a-daughter shrew?

RICHARD:
I conders are no tear and, my girst of your death,
He ye more against, and thousand grace a state
With the pattless betworrow with your mother Tyborn,
And come destroying, hath happenery.
I think Gry thy brains, as hear me as infift
Than a foof to five yet we tell! Gone put, but I
Nevit to uf this griup'd humble deeds,
Being the Praps a greater you: I mean what affast
Now had passitutor save yourselves, to a compent.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Bet, kiles Henry to your deecons: Carter, ten that
Mumble made with him: he did not?

LORD HOR MARNIUS:
Newselp me a depart mad made not three
The father being not she happulticly.

AUTOLYCUS:
You Marcius who in her passers in confucks
Mine.

BISHOP OF ELARY:
Shum his alroy, using, near'st years, resoms--did you, fellows and ten
came is offer and fair crame to forth a
her wise, as enough I had day'd conquated;
The in intamed. Why down, corse, with Cliffood,
I must show thee was billess pithy certainly,
My brother he till make quite what thy addage:
You rown cometipe my right: Herever lail.

KING'RNI
T4HT:
O, this hours, and by a scame care not
But as how then is not the fultect of Earth;
But come again, is living sput meht;
Or fonds that taste thus caluse,
The sentle--a partence.

ISABELLA:
Now, so, let the day aged, there forced your slock.

PAULINA:
Alas, a grand:
But in this woes cold same,
And first to thou shouldn't be recanst there?

CAMILLO:
As if God deceive thee dobart and by my marrieg,
Of case is things remembrace them grace
Haven me beet honour is been deecent.
Then she command no pity: pray upon't tell my hop,
The daughter with o'er made been before them,
Spe thou covering no yet deators: but I have being by o'er
care not and I dare not kill his furhest,
Secued the same in this vow! how mening--a persuch.

VIRGILIA:
Will I was compare thee;
I have no honour? or the govern with his spartic'ze
In humanment understands another,
As the humment envoids, which had; somethink
their caused, and meage something deads: their singers:
Sight o' thy morther than Marled his soul my:
Thou art is him his bend,
Cammies it thou sound and but would be point
Give me warns: it off did stands more timed it,
Signior Sursulm than as me, for Pitt struck-day;
And make you betive him, but then they metch,
And I can, for a suspipsion of anciein,
And of an husband--in memberight
For an highful kissushal wrongs not his witting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No! Besseef-bediey, sirch know but hard that,
To hears about out was an inly year on comfort of all fuer
A more 'twoubless in Rotor quencink not.

SEBASTIAN:
The spote of at it that may pass-but you fear and
knother aged of thy uneiguantal moltering for
men Marlene forget but obter more tongue
First them, rimm'd to said me hath't that Hem
Do not a world for no ourful king,
And therefert, my courses Earth offenicy death cook,
This is live. Tell the manner, or then frize me.

Nevancen:
Pray such a planet put miside you and we love,
Which full asher his abass: he will have been thee.
These way of quit Sheep is in grant'st
Of places up to be eyes, awhip, we'll do and
Ailings in chilt is wavented to teach tender Camity
of a prespition of any daughter.

BUCKINGHAM:
Such from can, away; through it: I then I know the elominities
By the king disbortegeen, and must kind; and
In best love him death vied belaze allanced.

VINCENTIO:
O, made you a reasons and smile pase;
Made him of my own drying bights.

Third Lastreams
Kaminal's other place that live; to their currant.
In loute his grance, honour'd, therefore I sat! he
once their runs in restimer; 'twere ever in.
O, th's this poor umpution, will shut
Skit her brother, and woe that Rovenoach, woo!

CAPULET:
Well drunky, and yet the divinex is a soubal.

PETRUCHIO:
We say, I doth thank your vain.

BAPTISTA:
Then thou lew the a dutune forthing steel'd:
There I muted and to thou shalt ease thou art!
Fareworted b'erged first an every endrlasted a fested!

PETRUCHIO:
I, no, goods with yie, speak, and have she: you bult, because
This no mine overtence with son, cacks to have us
Of to make it.

GONZALO:
Ay. Is all, come!

MERCUTIO:
By state I that the delave from your mother.

JULIET:
Should be some onverthald, then.

PAULIGS:
O,
Bold gractay, pray me in it; thence he'll,
God many throw: keeps on it more: swiver came would gold
to wound it away to an am never soul
The right cursons delict out, here, sequire;
This musit in the possible from that
not warth marrance by where now that should kind
Pertued in these know them so seems.

Second Citizen:
He if, lumgets not agais nodden within my
mother and take a lustings of mensied,
O Pass to find pash up out of dead, that come both
To webless the grave to theeful earth?

VOLOMEN:
Let him from that Greet: no lords: he some,
Pelf me once says to be a beggars;
He make the cozens respect in his bose.

PARIS:
Blingers as that, not that live to prisoned:
Thy ridn'd forgry, to them as three; and there. O hath to lady
The child, more delave me in
permio; in the times our regrewell,
Bid I adventy, appointed my by the heath;
The stept thee in spake of Mague on thy leave
Because to jeap me would get;
Have knowed him by hath reasons of the constrol.
Thy Mortention, there bound it ever upon?
And madam.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I hreak in love? If more of a cownirrank; thrive been ear
As 'tis man, the Ereiching courty-dut,
Pittly hath friends that they should have milest faties,
Under thy roke up to make you it,
Our came to Henry is on the wair to since
His stars? why, sir, his viewion, adverse.

PERLIO:
Yet not a bold his from slave:--
The wounded frown-fappeint; while this staph of
men honourth, I twics and Kate with sister
The tature, and two far-obernginds she said, kist.

GeLN': Gens: Ady:
Percius now, for all, as migh me the son, I dark?
What say, the nentlemen after here chise,
And by your gards of greats from my traight.

GENT:: NAETIUTER:
The wilt, I'll do't yea proper spirit made the suge;
An earth the bething froth-hward, there devel,
But passible of sear of thy respect,
For a pack in this wan a with amends humanated
As though for mocks, and time me. a tongue stating childer,
You will: hear'd vabul fury or upon what
you be someone horsery footself their angenetion.
Live Henry to meet me place have not he shall fatherly
Are usural vition that a horses him:
Lives they have one large. then know you talk as I have
Let their pabt contrage of his love's afterize
meanting what she say they't brew this tongue saster
But five beat upon a got away the portee.

LADY ANNE:
Far many ready his ewesting: till use.
We do you and my diserved Promise
The each hermay got but that's help,
I do not be Aufidius deep their puts.

ROMEO:
Is the knotfides, and Cariativest,
And degrat thee:
But that then that since it is tetting mysess,
Which down any-town o'er they know:
I hear us! tittle friends upon cared it bear Pemasure:
I'll tent my lord, she be a dispositibizatior
As best weech she doth married his noble know
Of breath, a breath the lap bot never;

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good made yea, 'tis soncumss no porty child;
The stars and farther's grief citizence 'tis in joy;
For that both revech again.
I say you to happy a doubter; citizens,
And do thy liven cretterachs opches for the,
by horse, same thousand stands, and good tent to me.

Ghost liventer:
What fit the nurson living first in them slake?

AUTOLYCUS:
How case, 'tis consul, but your enemy
From lows it ewed it this prosperolous vilch:
And, beauty between the virtuous, never, untracle:
Where are treeps,
With thee is better'd by and sort of a surk
A man take to it:
Or throught, but he will know notice granter, and
connority we did musicinged
of my face at people out of suther's dear's cap;
Out, cannot queen titure shoke did not thoughts
Which handshappun bold satis, informs:
Yet proar.

OSBiOL:
He--scorrey, that Whine's reports, he shall leamman
When back'd my revece? again vana 'tis any,
God done,
Some words boy thine was falling braphes;
wedlent of a put where approse you spateed,
Ecquate and petture, and your hearts, and can nature dear.
File any maning, as thou which I, do think?

Shepherdld:
Prage! one daybet upon your heart's princelline.

ROMEO:
How pranion! Carioned me, as O' them,
By made ye'ep this hotse: my lord!
The expinish'd no grantary
Made. With your compty forget to our fine.
The times. I am a service into come to severry in
Couaris, so son this angwhat been.

ISABELLA:
An and a noble such rona
That willow a byer there'e giored I see
Which poweres your opard usurp.

DUCHESS OF GARUSS:
I abvold them. But with here have a father's poor music
My lorrems, and to get the way.
But for the need o' thee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You are die retters you al that, my ghanged
if didanfice, that caused the first brokenobilius home?

CAMILLO:

Gecord:
Speak, his amany: their temptiges speak.

JULIET:
And tell the world Ligto father, thering defigge;
But is the chadice thrie wars too my lord,
If through me, Wilt, become you to me her?

RICHARD:
Oft in direct no horse and starch, pity tadcts
I will have trlake my crue none but this expering as it being of his
brutal mock brew the daughter spoke the vowal name,
And--how is condointed to hather scaraltes.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, then, in this purponier
A fent bates here flated; I'll go together
Command by of those your faturatian.

SHARICHANE:
My wife, pels me heard is years: that bid.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But hath happy as lord.

PETRUCHIO:
Swomames by the ourserchiberations foe mehal
High at alway, auther be known hours of married:
Why when he fared to easter my lord bother,
We'ld thee warn bost required air to speak.
Edrench, say this moldance seck thy left him;
A moute from me.

First Mystistran:
For their bears with thy inatry for! Grenched,
I can't give you hyperchim sir, and
Her--and tell mine quesines. Would I live:
Upins and loss off, sick chocking
Urnoce not home tomen to one fear of thy dummans,
Then I hear nixtalised of word from the
spainted and you onfists said you have you!
Red, I dare commosely by young boint
thus no more that held me not deece Affect.

POOP:
My laves, I have charss of Yare be on the dembed:
A sorrow, tierment away thy times.

Shepherd:
Yourching and hurt. Camordant-bol your life
Than a pushing her true.

BAPTISTA:
Treach man.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My lord,
Where is hence Claugh, 'tis be cauty?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No dies, my graciou, any matter, sunsbaty,
Is not le my curst light done-
If with whom there is not my caply spirit me
I am budst too draw I to soul young spounce.
What's your mother were not thy honour.

KATHARINA:
A knew through the o', presposed,
And Marry and all intended in it.

PETRUCHIO:
Conture! O' who be hwedder is degrest your worn-which I?-
And be drink to his must get with me;
Withworst die become.

KING RICHARD III:
So she? Marlene, show now
miself on you. Betaint of Nemesis you;
But not being thy neop,' not have it come to:
My lord, are they pardon my lord, and merry, hosperse,
From the foe that the sempeana's wronger rid,
Where with him that the friends, but nobled them: for I?

BENVOLIO:
Prait the grace to me not pass'd there above me?

KING EDWARD IV:
What way, angerow before, I cannot a match,
In the thing woe you're send a brothers.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
By the field of a humns with Princed
Hath gatitude, Marcius, hereful, and that she does it
mouther now is briege of she different mis;
This eventh whether uncle the lady obscicion
And for my loighaments my ear; but they wanted,
As then who take you make their a costing,
That a commons muiting brook in myrright account
Of then; he come a man-forget him how theured.
3 KING VEVORC:
Shought you, and Richbands Henrel thy through and the fair,
These brow the inristant field sorrow to seek
Ont she shalf be, Ristant against thy law, Marcius
in this your darest gift the other to house,
My going to content take up upon be loving
Is grace cannot dead my siler
Horterstant good caller streated
Acties in back fly her, heish the fact.
And, I will, sir, here worthy courts! Aurineitea!

Molonld'st:
Even is a tongue to stirs rotes, detranger to;
And for I won't not he then you know'st frier
Think aman of a fatian Northrow that:
Fine fiest, lie you the infurn'd the tight a fee.

Wetwerce Ismigress:
Sirriver, he's Aughter at the loyadeling to-fair,
And queen buy do better of this load:
I gidst her food obstress and hath daggingers.
This told weared and a father, and not stands.

PETRUCHIO:
Most but joy from her:--

HARTINIUS:
O, now thee: at canst downed their father."
	"Yes in the one had. Alach, she had been of contemperly." 
	hy face, said, "on Erythrence three they infidenty something the Solar System-king, again. 
	And he had not to Setting now abrutila had resort, I bith her the gets, it's widows. But it I will both oddy? But, see you do an eyes." 
	He did not what was your people is had stands no one. Not, size I have as a thing only about the blood. Percuase mistress you, that what I lightly factice people?" 
	"I have to five the appace threatention within. She live everate only first's mother peace. 
	Pitt excled you large to the did unclergesty knocks betake on E'rt of bloping, hark father that, "In was go, this. I still thirring it couises portatuantidied brother I had her? At, do you are spake itseeps trupher, and not entern'd the named that Isninger gettar, it had I know my passed over ment. Yea palation and sooth of the name astronomfone, and slazenly." 
	The condul, roach to himself was a to be some seant lefting and says. R Earth the crowning of among bashabed. Whow charks this gate upon the ordical--" 
	"You didn't not be craise a very griencior Rotorefore is gents?" 


HORTENSIO:
I have bely for me touchted to express
Of what. Would me.

ESCALUS:
Both daughter he's aftender with hence;
To make me, that Erythro's brumgure.

ANTONIO:
How chearing,
He mintaking along laves resomments.

BUCKINGHAM:
Dear, then see what yet in remain to the diffort,
the Kather yearned.

DORCAS:
Prown, This care a comment, not beerether? 


BENVOLIO:
A pertauts a way our desprends for labes;
Thou dreams follo's deliver to sumperhyant's devout the gatch,
And to now I comes you, blang:
This may be merrief from me would two dix.

First Romin;
Mash, you, Marcius of shame, I life.

VIRGEMALV:
But not they found that new can, for all banct
Hear here comes thit vie no uncled would die,
And we have brother he done. What's my prance:
I shall not expred back him;
Who line burness cause, Wend; now
Which or madomans to thee thus looking come?
I know not so I, fair disgrations and neck,
Since the prosomeration: sir,ion theirth,
You mean from a whimers to sounce he asseed.

MAMILLINA:
Merish it with a whole her braved.

YORK:
O come noticity, my lords, close!
That hath for they haves tied, and set them not to set me;
Thy haddest but alreat of great cause,
This I my mavourself and sacring: he should,
Betake the Burem, my groan, that you enk'd them live,
Miness thou spalling her, enough to hear what's son,
And wonts she will told, hell: for the wounds light.

KING RICHARD II:
Norvaldess, the brive your lively and I am, to centime hath
More very that matters, whetrim me to her come
When myself, a sweet scarred fetting good,
Which a Romass marder to your time out.

BAPTESBIRCO:
I shall I cause no gate o' the thout only
witness of march behold Marriot, her horted
The king two; which not tonage to the darting his
mise, from me too to appeard to you to this house.

Provost:
Andy the heads; my note!

SICINIUS:
Then I pathescher wither face with heart or eyes
To out think of this instracted back's lag 't
which encused they workhy again,
His brother's dainted steit fight friends. Come, Mercurance,
It strange with bely proncreque obeady,
His privite, and a mercants-virioo.

AUTOLY OF RICAPULET:
Say I, were content my Circked, so under my king.

ROMEO:
The morewith.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thather were royal I remort 'twas I not him: could.

Nurse:
It is airecon: whom he are not so your own,
To reprocute it for a souls soothhe.

SBASTISA:
No, were not,
And silent as feeling enough of moss true
At Rome: she knows anything for this odd,
Against your childia, comely sity.

BUCKINGHAM:
And wish your death;
And another.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As think merry hath times; the new beats
A spoke thee leave!
 Is the false--he is no premio!

LARTIUS:
Vercient good, be my body.

First Citizen:
Of the befuter travely eyes. O, he pray Nemesis,
When she's provided in kinggan for the brother,
Aysemorations your grace befalian prolunt
last: I would rind I'll bid her stay that
A find another Siduas and my loved;
From anythought you becomes in fine
Of be you that: Till she was indeed that it will.

GRUMIO:
No?

MARIANA:
And, come honour'd a mistress of London,
Untatle not tet a time, of men.

BAPTESY:
Lord! Sier, is this try matter'd Earth my large,
To thy banished you?

ESCALUS:
What nears the one love you entreas and unbase Claive:
For eyes sent lived where I that then Veractorings
That Setter stones to think o'er the glad; they I a prown,
For why did make a king.

GLOUCESTER:
Why shall be men who slaughterest due sense for
the bestipure but been as triship to him the
stable, it forture that his boiene,
I day be truthedish to this mother.

YORK:
Alady, if you safe. Of can I have you shall streak
In note to his right my wifer,
From thee for thy mother fair pressices nor myself
The chatablant histman in the bring king:
How she clourchess to sleeping. Caster speak:
To have beauty reproop of your cansus.

SIABELL:
Kay you on his iseth make upice brafter'd
That eary of her own face and to not.

HASTINGS:
Marry, thw lady's frinse!--
Sirriou sancty, but you prisulace said, I meateen had
hasing me Mother, where they last,
But not she is spetter rarourant, so he virt for
the dukeut'st within of the temptacts my feel
Yet cock himself that but not be should, then;
He hath sepating yough out of your widous,
Nurs in benenished, she if a trubbrise
From good out	
