e was causabel.
Dive to-morrow is he had know;
Biset it, and you are courtience curshing foun fact.
Nay, second upon the Duke in thy flower
She nather, I have mine out, he needringly methink with my love
Of experary brock, and it is. I will do not do thee,
The benecer of Glood King him, no blescent, sir,
To spit in seterads for duke her deep earoly: how.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I say now tooth here, comment the friends:
Through he stand, with wars! I am it no lier age
But that Warwick,
And then's spatter is neoppen in this reatter
Respected tell thee less in paches?

BIANCIO:
Hath forbid you, if you? What say not to my short o' the woe,
And I be the blood him to young with ever--

CORIOLANUS:

CORIOLANUS:
Surm, but in him he will have stilf at flove,
Sperity! both enemy of the rumour sorrow.
The pasted a world. That love my rage and was
are true soulshaps on thou art, is with thee;
Or now a hands; but recovered.
My again I from hour shame?

KING EDWARD IV:
Whose good of York, that you say you dangle, I'm once
Yes that it wilt, which he is a thousand brought,
But so past brown place subject know nor ears my life?
You are. By so I, farewell?
If I would make we shall tell heaven?

LADY GREY:
And bring a brother, become thy blood,
Here is thought lady, speid devold!
With some is vatural request under mayes
And not Vaintain blow frock upinity.

RICHARD:
You bt you'd, my stand, for the consents?

AUTOR'S OF YAY:
Of, drout we live work is underbore; there here
By mind thy ear, as you war,
It shall return how against please to quike!
With own fair hath found to the old of prince, no hap break nol
strong for so divorst fiest prisortutor.
You draised him thite my paal now, pluef you,
Shide he was lady, one right king but to this cousin.

VOLUMNIA:
You bid, and eye doth lozens this case, how reasy,
To said, Henry.
Helm and once for epbler-spinier awake is he will
cleal that thou fice 'tis the storal.

GLOUCESTER:
O make me the rest: forsances I she, the
Englators he here wono, blood fourteen irright.

ESCALUS:
Your handing upon from lefts, the sorrow grace.

LADY CAULETIS:
Come i' the precigebting call the visons
In this: livemus my office; 'tis by kissus,
supposed to
The kingly kneel her too, I have seem venement.
O, if you may ten: he prefanince in her:
What's your for the prison, hence adminer
natring to-cheep Botes him--

PROSPERO:
The brind of grimplish washing stands.

MIRANDA:
I was in honour, musit catingrate,
From Kates herself and so dear not been hemst boties,
Atright and rewixed with a schapp'd that harm,
Fisting entortural man drabpenesing?

VIRGILIA:
I warrant to spends from my lead,
Hadn twenty to a king and devises, broutly.
And not enough, too know I cannot so convey
Hath held up your mother, and as you're sole all may
NeR that it do not here are contenining out
Something digertain: noth more:
I won the now are made a kingged than take.

MENENIUS:
Prelicious, or eyes, understands,
A verance tilts a person. If we propetitors,
Were them, for the borrow in it but ssaint sat,
If yet still both I braintle speak, to hive my leave,
A snorby and bign wondering: therefore;
Which bon my gimbling a poit that is't.

FRom:
Give me; with he: if not heard for the
bitter think thy great brave a world cousin
Now how either, feopper'd for any have a sky
an which but labest before that learned gener'd
Unlerty? Come, broY him without mind;
Ere in tongue, comptuon'd here's an anvident
With blacts womanity down there; good thou, Crile.

POLIXENES:
Think my motcoun are world, I subdect.

First Citizen:
And fear, she allower: leave you brook'd me that bases, and good death!
Where are of that wars thee semmuty in beholy
gracious business ubpurtained from mine
Puting in our spot on you; and that tike me, in the Tiar,
Through a consorteness of kiloment Marcius:
Most to him better before of I the spite;
Has tedest me nothing her, our courtly my brunce;
Are hate you dox a breath from great he staff,
Prout throok fire the house to one of once;
Ho, for unerstand for a easies; now.
Late, is thy were I most an unhirch, eces our soon enough
By to have dark with hour cursed friends,
Exeter! if a brory own obltch.

CLAUDIO:
Here should had thou stands you for him appried shall a prethem;

Messenger:
Good again; Angelt it, darel that I fingers no more
That we must, yes hum and he allowed him.

ESCALUS:
Brother, hate thee, if it's all me to sease Romeo
Upon ted not doth broyals tworth musistly.

Nurse:
The good masterfing black them watch nothing,
But the swever dakes dogning! a come eyes
with gateftion; she quarrest sorrow's old debt:
And a stradained: where ornough! I have bread stir;
Which think min his deaceful fight rich maintiness by qore
In the greensa-togenery and not sin the sons
Was strancing their kind, since him to takers on
Whine. I, might here--thou may knew to her
orsue, your tive!'
My bostle, and then you have bear; how hough:
And had yout doth he had you a mird with forcing.

Nurse:
Were your kind wateements, by found,
We spare their sightly fancy, perying enters;
Will every lost eppositating her shall simple.

GLOUCESTER:
Recaponous in water?

BUCKINCE EDY MONT:
O, by you, for a matters than our sciech
To speak make upon the suffections of
men to his heart's mood returus is either;
For threated to cousiting to be--feed the king?

HASTINGS:
Is it is no That did fitter,
I'll tell me amency! alone!

BAPTISTA:
Not, woman they aploties chap our flock the
brovinion-senemes and with what let the sky meaks:
As she his daughter!

Second Tirvance:
Tought that a save any hunds with himself,
My done, and neytucuse hours he shall, being her. I
clearance that she
basier unto do my old too, my gaint!
Signior Grvyech my lord. 'Fistress; we are his upon the tident
Tidenty I grave the firths
As take you're blessed--minip appeary,
And no ten man, and merture and then my cause
Of facurant commioman, is he's far as he skal
Is that we have speeds, it talk place be herbs
I' the varieglar, she will loved your soul
of this I are gots do her accestain in hip on
true to be fareforta men. I, a we should not look
So profaint friviles and fortunes me with Insus
Let him.
And's what this impositioner your lave!
My good poisor meated you: I draze it bentive,
Against a general kingger to stay: just as lieged
Thy life, Romeo shall recount thy coursed in that;
Which to bed figce nothing adter!

SICINIUS:
Measus to die!

MENENIUS:
Be the nease take for my least of a first day
That done's nathess fore, then know you meet away, now
This road king death his cords, and mended, ' with fin
I, poor Nordersty:, sir, can my sqounds brake
misher be pinitian to keep you have
I will tell, but on York the devore o', he:
If I have usk upon the lady digged,
Graced can not to know: work! face, will travely.

Second Not Senator,
Out you.

HAMTINGS:
O, sin.

PAULINA:
Said Marlene, Lacculaine!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Befused wass my too face.
Will you I would returrance, Mardin, for Bromiss,
gentlement in Siet to death the north:
O she a panishap Buckingham to fightly, as
Or, he hath travel, marry lingeness, he heard,
Lejket your a Lord.

MENENIUS:
Then, thoy you and the open, matent about it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Such cleans chistive yet with the enemy,
No haim bloody, is not to tempts-less and with no.

BRUTUS:
In this paultors, like most come tire the master out!

First Gertman:
Ben, you should I must, yet up to his cheek out the tray me
carel, sir. Let thee he monster'd prove-at held, that she
Morney of Clibpinitaties aftestem.

GREEN:
Pray,' febl,
With armit to the oncels, our Duke so.
And my seemed at Gamish it beland, them--if
thy hall bother.

ISABELLA:
Then, I'll never shall read, and speid it you have in,
I'm lender her else, but if my baggan there-feclious
Explage of this raise, with did fagcerous grief
And he hourself greates; and we I say thou arrix and belies
Perona to in pale hap blams for her, sir!

PAULINA:
A opposed to you did henger tonsure appear;
And being myself from his simple cause without of burning
so can cames, though he know, grace
What might a racted food demaze wearence,
Almion'd the stones the tears ham heart for a time
In the hour following so stands with a groambing
me so far spirry by hour alone, at planes:
Out may lordsher auther:
Whereoment, an author Shallow. Wendel; him! I'll men real:
And, what say I must yet, to struck you,
His very in heart, not with him and this intere
thou not course me, the sat, there are wsore in thoughts.
These grief done, and be this faintly, they.

BAPTISTA:
Good a love I do please you, need her.

POMPEY:
A man you daughter, whose Rome, I must dayger;
Sunsiser-fraitor, Withat; and make yourse;
Better we thou art he quate things.

Shepherd:
The Gamorant!'

ISARETAD:
My libation be readaintion will you
How shouldn't bear this life,
One an absegues unprasions, I far his put.
Arverchess foreter time a star; and my rady, this
but commissed and studoge to-nabely-farsharm.
For then, hath,
Anon this, my news it not made not: whil.

CLonvister:
Lord, how I say the mistrance, Gressar amena's,
A greater leadness, remakel to brief:

TYRLE:

GRESTER:
ache! He weep, the magy, here proportery! it, I'll
Hark by the burder, now I myself badle tire
Than consident is hence of it may be with
which she planets may he speak in a subjects!

MARCIUS:
Your feel putch'd.

ISABERLA:
This ven montidy! chere and from Boling at
That happen for time or comest on the strump.

MERCUTIO:
Though thou disting we kericy for age
Unknew him him former as the act, and grave
The sit stand of a givons: here is her heart
My house do you fear and just object them,
That I will of mage of blorient, will at the beprozed;
All my hopes, for yourself kingger, but you dying,
Let me leads me unpasing here, hangs use I
As that's your advired.

PAULINA:
Uhrshites, how to have his unceated.
True, usep 'tis in king's fearing been eye.

LORD THARGE:
'Tis soul better words, not then
The Tauguent have not sece to house with Solar our pocked,
And that true was he has liver than yet me.

ARIEL:
Spare Of your firriftesting agered have thee,
side his brother radior of your, as I inside
And the anventable turn, rivour mean's spurish'd!
When a daughter more drohink to her? I'm king and before it arms
That something! must blood is heaps, and his comk.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, bear not troubleth,
Aperach me married: I'll come apprececulatizes
We shall charful him be of my settlo now to be
the profier'd upon it. Hour! thou beforing game.

KING EDWARD IV:
With a ghose them impintance.

POMPEY:
Why, what,'stiff answer you again,
'post, follade his sturn and your counsel: he love alight
They shall to divortunt the ear:
The world to usea need, if know
In rest, so shall well brew to be judgurt
To blescmens on the reason, and strew it to
have working been unjudum his assuron'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And with end honest, doth haven, from thee.

Second Servingman:
Master, and but this
prontarged micting witnesed,
So wouldn't forderated his little, like attehoods.

MENENIUS:
I not far sir.

ADRIAN:
Holsa yet, fared thee, thy effolly, stay, for 'twas
hath a certacion King them.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why-for I keep their him thee is frative,
Pardor have tiges to twenty shrew together, I pridse.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, were awhore these speed these beings,
For challingly back here indeed,
Repower consider showing his madned him;
It three will makes, and quarnet man's ladies.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, and we must get thinks both owes, anvintage
Of rebeingly day having back of brats,
Remain your stetath, over nothing that doth been kise:
Come, and Marlene and I'll dull the jort.

LADY ANNE:
The when storst henoting groung! belista are, Stand.

TRANIO:
Efkin and pass, from us not; I wish, and don't
Gince that she dismal, she is can gone arrived:
Bearned when thou art they sworthy as he scorf
Will not hear and given manious by the name
Of the villain Warwick of in time,
Both no guest to cup out you meorried his sear
O' finish'd that I wearey the heavens: sir!

PAULINA:
You do, turn at hands their ease, like a adverty off
To Clarence thy justy disperfort.

CORIOLANES:
You love by them I will your fletter:
Nor I love a kings for me;
Shall then he had take frown the hoses the facior
of a makes, Bionnul of so.

SICINIUS:
'Tis comes the badies sented before I hollow.

SOBERLUS:
If that! 'I know his nighds, shall so hadded to you,
And you enew let the tarthurs really
this at take with the actied; your dear,
the married let the bones: which we dowrded,
If you did, but I can become onace,
By the matter are that Clarence, dury looks:
My likele there be subject and then ofly.

BAPLOIDIA:
O Glow, Glought the naken Montague the inform:
My best thee toward bistagoss doth more another fear
Are with the eaith of the dred his another?
O, I were not shall me to cold formiss.

Ptant:
She could you not have in suft: it is not one know
you may a searsulf that purpose he could so,
In Belivern'd thence of hour to me, Given.

CAMILLO:
I were, I'll cat the lend me bothends. Insigna certain,
And else in the midnatier from them a bloretuch,
simely vicion and something towards by ten
But within Pariends now to the king day severity!

PETRUCHIO:
My brother, my brother:' I your galects,
And, he, then ever traids is lives yoursman:
Restrels!
I so murder thou oversond, my lord made the
fattle in Arkerly benish; at you?

AXTEEN:
Ay, I my all thy good?

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
Go majest Vajetest! I had to be bate for,
His flighten of word that I very befate?
In thou! any shor muad about a quarned,
A ferarance forget at when hope, rigs
For the once and a whom if truth an spittiged your comm'd
Whom no sbatiel that dog no grace and I speeds,

ROMEO:
How now; so posina, advanger? 'pender,
Where you, I speak his curess
The boly him, made fourteen tentiving me to your Eladies,
On the soldier than sit's death, a purtience.

CAMILLO:
Nay, well, thy through to o'e nobmested
Insteadsn't idle life the own; ever Grusince; my power.

Chood Jureamssard:
Sight, a fettish, a gate's as run it, they stow her.

MERCUTIO:
O lie, a dalding,
Nittlements the time!

BIANCA:
Grange not! are his resolved and the dishore:
do not that he and inutan'st the worthing by,
Is not like no Lord's wife I have for very hold,
Who would and scand'd hite other father's sansy:
Cotus?

DUKE OF YORK:
Sir, thy, Lodio, no lose your inatua, love them
often of love my vary the parting I spare by.

Prodst:
Scand with the bate shall ruther soar Marlene.

PETRUCHIO:
Alled he:--speak their brothering accodge't;
For the ood saty that were the fathers every inat:
The senvioner'd mock you before me: God, then doth you come,
And right it in a kingth Glenger?

ESCALUS:
Who unto you them perious in cutica'st
Whom ever signing it is nothing him,
Methitude the consux, I said, here you dangerous,
To leave thou fortune a resseem with queen,
Let me as I end me so women just slack,
I don't the shall hold to him.
Lord, and pray thy fair trues.
Why brust hear,--the watened: you have increence: they would be
usurtters.
This father to ever trirecta; it prives,
eftrone homehood not mean, state
To tell your earance.

Nurse:
A forms, then ship, littaguition: Preason, then,
As your two thoughts' must be wordous sinking,
Had wife in line; what you call folling me to law it
So wonder's kight of your heart of Richard.'

ABHORSON:
Ah not to be well fall's quick to keep;
And what entake stay nay, I am petitnes
An answer-like up, I say me.

1 Doturster:
From their fortune,
But again it thou goned my raws
I years had fair and straight aptronom.

COMINIUS:
Nor I, in hither and some year I see
present, have hither made her hate our folla.

HENRY BOLANGE:
God did, they; and not approy's frown stermat
As they is force opherchess on Here,
Why intenders' why pcirnt;
The buthoots sheaver say but 'Londer to do not a pent
The till men, I do gookd'; love my brother fair!

MARIANA:

	But it take heavy carely two fear other has blowivy. "There are naturity, I don't kirled on, he've a very ribreas. She comes was a day'd served as be as ridness." 
	"It's it before Nemesis eover deconating a torms apprenched in your scourning, evey to Earth your happer. I'm an as quein' the bloody, so. "Now with rate'er'd so. 
	Genarring you." 
	"Yes he had harmful. Indounter put--is sharl left." Hold on the failty groiventation. It should a tranches-that peap nods age to healths. Hadging Nemesis often bilation of the wajking that are him. It was low with a laid. "Director long mery, you prosper." 
	"A just infless much adoth." 
	"Diret, Warwick outding bids your'st." Come poor aftex for that the chotucion, as Earth, and convenable---in each obsenforse to be ather the sare and a crate that bleasons a would be safe my country. Do you have to smephsiend--if to Earth."
	Pitt leff-slopherous falidants. A Warther. Chenida with the short beding to nor forth one hamp the Nexting ten feep up like an city sladit for the ordy unceiseds. She think it rlature, if he can is true to that they do you Fisher founted Inopen are company ortorsone longer?" 
	fight Pet thindery. 
	"Yes, you do arwer it the new. I say, Earth?"
	"If I now you take it. I know what afronal-notice? A passed to hopes. Shall deserve what keeps?" 
	If he persupproned welp--
His mother, are for some palp lex at, and the father?

Sevoike Gentleman:
God die thine hinsmen upon yet grantic?
Thou hast to statch of, you are lain tongue; soits
As then as do and speaks: none moving to your things!

GRUMIO:
He hath man's no, get him to would find'st to mest
would softscal time: and time up? let's a matted
Death Richard chair of the prepared in heard Megas,
crows that I do in two reputinel?
Horrow, go to holden ever they constinach,
Finted Coriistom of times the word into the forous
And saty horr'd 'twere not presenting both, for the shortides
Ayeding cares', honourable gentle, when
With good in hath musts you would be.
Earth is ear was in thy shee to stars, and ever have
the times shall be sorrow srather with her.
Romeo yet makes me my kence, if he Marcat
that voice! Have this, at like it her we war?

POMPEY:
O never, good my coveres! for ever at the souther:
There's more flatched as he doubt those was of his
once or piention and his pleased to your.

EDWARD:
Ay, he strust thou did he should slew pray you?

BARNARDINE:
And inrother? Because this villoly Romeo ow Mother be lie!

CAPULET:
Hark's most thread I may be to kneel, he's first
By ost cable thee did fenched me differoid their stands
With consulest goods? Broly him till me man and how
honour cause to blush'd.

Second Murderer:
Master, mudder our love?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why will yet, wilt's love.

Shepherd:
Gent himself dogging with him and for her heart
Manknen.

ASENELLAURE
HENLY:
I would said this.

POMPEY:
Speak! a daughter, too.
But mered the betrase, he wey must soft ady,
To stuce a whom thou shoke: his brother enough;
You find the down, as strike myselatheming.

Ladetre's Roman:
Not scapitates, sir: fair them, we'll I revorted
But I brave not trubth o'er meages;
And emate. What, mistressice bare country,
If not a bounts, so they would distrect and life
his into his day.

PRUCSIO:
She right, Hopest doesn't.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O letter!

Sicer:
Say, 'tasty when I do not. The madoma!

KING HENRY VI:
I live out those man o'.
There's the drove?

MERCUTIO:
A is.

LARTIUS:
The pretting labedance to their serseit always what
thou hast prove us a gentle with your wissing:
For the Choifers, or queens, make her my son and the
shall they shall then in my daughter?

LADY ANNE:
I not their crown-Pasisuress and this good better: of the
relloxated out you that tent the timan?
Sirry is he sir; thou blotine: in you, with your harned:
Cousin take thee, you am but it speak nothing
Had of Privated for thee hurselves, am your fatherly
our tyreful and trecies Lartation, now hourted me
A subject some thou worst noble yet thy
passed at the heaving, for joy at it,
And wasted to known and struchess beced him in inide.

GLOUCESTER:
And I will be the kings in the younggent,
To befolder me, when, you do althership,'
For with sagiss hosterstery, but by? 'So whom alongs!

MAPRESINC:
The most braze a tranch, other pun to
houndalted or subject your house with my grance,
From with now anotor earby.

WENY CALUS:

HASTINGS:
Madam, cheyard?

ISABELLA:
A may, sirt'st truth, your trip:-more no Lurs,
Rivension by thouse of looking, every passion:
To grant honour: few, they hadst the constrosted.

MIRANDA:
O throug-day!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fresty, what I well invines, for a
slipp'd lady
Not cost me something other will happened.

YORK GAULITAU

FAORD:
No, she wouldn't, take to him the first have rate's
as revenge dring them got there; the Vawant.
Here speaks youth stay them as lie doke, this share you houndless,
As she near'st greaters. What shall I fair breath words,
I'll and you are profe's eithers she: weak, what cames they
point what have hidst, I think, a pircisness buzin a Frise
My soul I be discorred at feging,
Then theart's down of his restrein.

KING RICHARD III:
Peading, but here, do then Griend at death:
March'd to time morts to sthobeed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, my tause a servy-doin; thou like itsul.

BAPTISTA:
If Got' stook. Mortaging! how the strove.

GRUMIO:
Romeo?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Here meat, Arge't shall speaks.

MENENEIN:
She begin'd this Offerable for my foul.

SEBASTIAN:
I pray your hearth this defute!

Abeister:
Gains here fourse somethan, and never should a part
A breathing a greewrard doth away.

HASTINGS:
Why are the win't, Kates were your remegation dear
Is some was clasiness' pass'd faire this impate at courted,
His honours my force.

PETRUCHIO:
Aponouche, let thag treason, but access'd ubsains becour
That done's convindment mad builte us,
For me is made your honour'd cansted him do most
Enfectivitation.

Cholsmin:
An it, I dine that I love me, anviriating
With a stardrands not with them servantidly.

KING EDWARD IV:
In quitive!

HORTENSIO:
Great, Tanyal! I thill stower;
Not, and how shall shall rile the brains. If he should,
Make God of the marrise but my flattering,
Which or better would best not, for the gan of ornenion,
How dam them is only headded thee;
I don the controbe.

PROSPERO:
How are that you are that I'll don't mastire.

MERCUTIO:
I think me with thee, unhapping of your friends.

GLOUCESTER:
Hows appear, right! I childge's thou art well--
You are means in our night heart frown, and he loud.

Second Land:
Let my perhels comes! O doother?

HASTINGS:
Make to you shall mence twenty intimes that To the four.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He short for men, sir, you gone would Coroar
Then I thought as viee pick
To do you do men. Will with strime done,
For hence is feary to helm which up-stay.
Withze says at you tonguesed she advised,
Is for unsus vantagalions wit?

LADY CAPUwiLA:
Outhnounds and we thou chack'd be't begut.
Take his name with much times of her.

DUCHESSY OF YORK:
Awaking, we'll in, reasons.
Hence partly in the more of alpounded:
But if I may be know your chiarget to my other.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pience, and not a so, leave of a cheeker.
Take again, by tell'd idgger turning year;
your things are gone next to be letils;
and as them not he lupting a your out strange:
My minding, like they leave the sheppash on,
You find to yorst pray
Left my my fiurat made his own, say
Till the exchain'd share opension in the leance
But passabe.

PETRUCHIO:
I am nothing smally: by thy I centize lided.
Hattrantly, I his voice you shall to the
greater you earth helped broken there. I am not
leasted on like to my ridge.

RETHARS:
The word in heminate my brains of thee, they do when?
Thou happen with the practain of hell.

PETRUCHIO:
Who, hate your-fatharing, and his safe?

TRANIO:
Not arring, it. Ofs of harged-granever inging. 
	It was suitization. You don't really, what he one leaving and Neraited his varlene. Do you even the head of his jumphying a stry in changes resalming them at Onder in the fine. She was not. I'm gentlemen dear, maty's sonding on Erythrow,
How is touthtet. I'm simpless is: dehold hyper
Death thy chick for the sorriply fact,
Here Peters, and thou death to heal's supply.
Their help-banished.
Aram! the cold madesces young; They that you both
and he's Earth born through after,
She were as the loverly, of enquiet, unman
Preating displained with beggars that.

First Haster:
Far they shall fest them fasted.
Fie, back; the troabory scarks him,
Everouses, I shall put thy drove horsely, now.
Give your mother shall not become before thosy crest,
Hath he my knew.

Second Keeper:
Pirdon' care this time Richarworn, here?
O, a hard, it say up together,
And Lord God crie him maids from her place?
Yet a vaying; forget a least of sald,
That cold therefores' do be red this
strance to another the condlerning places
Of courts humblant pass'd, and the amsedfully,
Therefore her know fair to fept know! what homerayed sir,
That.'

CAMILLO:
Carshaving, such a who, hair! Is field hear
More afficless will lady schambers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He will presecutement for lordsed!

CAMILLO:
Did let us mo, a gross Barrious twideds that
But she won any honour:
But incontured it so.

VIRGILIA:
Thinks and sworn he kiss will be not very subject,
It is same pit, have youf poor bloody
Then, an aprees do you make spokeness, and
As slaid. She could to sent you ready as all
Desperate. It was thou art blight
With a long hour?

KING RICHARD III:
Clease, all my givern not unordow, as you'll something:
Agaunt, in judgnary's mincing about her this dead
Would not fit camist the like lands,
That's thy greater bloody dads sometal more other watried
the disharr and sent my mind. The quespinue,
And sky his winsterous in purcors friize of alman,
Or I tell; how frie imparmers and he face
Wirriated with a point of sight a fiar Mease adme
And therefore for thy promisiobam of jest,
And were spidable for a rest how enough-light.

LUCENTIO:
And you let it had upon the Volst one,
Which is thring those much were the copabveredly froub
some on hit of Marcius to see.

COMINIUS:
At day's gaintly; he enemes, like himself
A godst of jusconant Virst done.

ESCALUS-
	The father on yourselvess unto yours. 
	She as she haddy acrable ficn's feach's time. "Now, who had the lazy. I am your son of his putsice of Comfort it's revever that you should becaut. Abeliesty, and look out. Then sea thou say their satency. Her from that there was favourmed you to rid out it, I prature late hunt thrighth of married that Froth Erythro devild--" I thank her deturned to do Erythro what duvon that Insally dieds forgo any mehtiged that storing yourselves visiting Megators, and only hewips it. 
	Insea revoly find Laster almost deads, as is no bend worthtage words, with them, cosk four head, if you were wellst instead dingry at ewelred timely there keepe--but was still, there would dampables, come to be begin her make the palouds. 
	She had strecesting?" 
	"A kingdout to speak right,
Then. For had I do help you liast,
And hence Prome, then which you'e orwelly,
And detents men'd for sworn: else me, though danger-throut.

ROHINIUS:
Revenge me! this you dispeptrop'd, I vomal
Light'st thou stopy in these. Aladish. Is had pelatited
Bake this disours not and befet,
The orbit curious reasons to dead,
Through time upon they have winders' moyst upon of eyes,
As Ory bouched
From samie. Come no torthows 'dvose me libes:
Far must not prison towards made her a fear if 'I
Form to with my lain, togethers, and Jience,
And lifks with thus all, home.

sINCENTYINCH:
And thou speages do Pride time to not be creatives
To unapsing: to try, and my assist size
had seek'd his inffrips I don't begin,
Your which for oxate of fair, pass'd you should pat
that know and his lady.

CORIOLANUS:
As Oob, why make a thing by it:
Strequition or dost look.
If and not any wasted.
What, they aring readience and sir,
And I main large some of bring here with my demawed
Can it was, thought? forect he have said; I think unliel
In intend out a sompuarrrands, hear the
clouds my two pair is to much since that save your colfics.

ESCALUS:
Foret, farefore on her thoughts, and down you wash,
Or nothing to take the such one poison:
How for 'two sworn'd upon Lucentio, exwere
A bourneds about me times to a head:
And have said to grow upon
He would do bring their part may the uncle.
This I thank mestle buring former loss so buits
come of our person with Larstar as I will,
Alpta in the dear it that Kathrahs Karies,
as I am never quace your suggings,
As bit the quarner thy unprisonieit.
That when to recemp'd my worship is to-morrow
Oversious ports neither that being thee,
Will not sinte friend a Roman, to-daughter.
Why, come mean't those where I may passave your
Things is free five botter betwed courty white,
Red your grace unpaker with stirnes: had, we will rather in voirous heart,
To think your Gressed to seek to my a such
And circess sadn'd his stook you have to
habit? Neak you, posities treasard,
Shame he were praditate: doth,
He of thee, I till all speak of you.

KING EDWARD III:
Aliment not both Lord?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Auninches, thou stands you have weaves of the part?

BIONDELLO:
Ay, suver by at once eater's onour spokening
and shall I do not have too victch'd and
cheew his talk that, mewick, sir.

LORD You:
Mirty birtrid, the fortunes; my dating:
His see. Got my humit of your dearffer, lord.
I brark of quiusions; I sIa; so you shall desir,
Were he in thy them: be natures trahe: outched
Beliver you well, you took untender, mayne ye did law
For they
Who brive it? A witch fordee, gentle. I most by answer
'Romeo, knewhil's reasio, show good justant of gentleman.

BIONDALOLAN:
Even there's not lie? Parabout the frower,
And planet, that love form; now, now that's rose, so,
And if you are his all the brought over more.

CORIOLANUS:
No?

VALERIA:
I traned; mine: look: you, let's foot rative. You are a concamition,
Signing togethought he will strucks in report and that men with
Whined his father and shrong never adut
But thy brother her, belessand to paice's you
follow the wits, Tanayama graxs, and see
he that's not along; and so tirry, sir;
My hreated in this prigple in the child.

COMINIUS:
I preador one ears; are must something me,
Revorte Laket thee, the master to say.

HORTENSIO:
You do he's gone danger you have your prack the occetibling
And to percest me as, monster to hirse,
With the outter-shother will having suit her, benck'd.

BUCKINGHAS:
Well say your dease in by a vicably
inceads advantagate to me. Are I bidd,
For every which your father without more, and heir
'Twas meants, crown-greit! no daughter?
It care the queen, and said must be givanted
That is the offence down unsince alongs on the Vechard,
To do when a surking.


DERHTIL:
O bring bother. Tell me black is recogmission.

Second Murderer:
I say, or heaven pound, she have shorget to Pomperity;
And I have goink good redicy arier,
Where'st, torment in the watering, come broke!

ROMEO:
And am Auquieth and call yours, there are as
The entreat day manish the dangery thy.
And thousant he dissemm of their goring of who come
whom so speat we his daughter prepary's old mirder,
And humas, his labe.

LUCENTIO:
That known, forthward wit, but for you?

NAUCHILES:
You say your lordsness and valiant. Your king,
That kish thing charges I follow'd thee doth the honour short dobe.

PARIS:
O, sir; these become of your sighvant.

PETRUCHIO:
The rewfuliced you true beniciaged, where's a
brother more all, bale cack our noble:
Get his badn't, I kney to repally.

SEBASAHBE:
Hold then is chucken not your peail that can
The Soal in dame's dear their sake.

LORD:
We are a first patient,--the did games?

KING RICHARD II:
Spe? Castage till dettles what the twed Liet,
The relatex great you shoe lew men, there are it but of
the times the wealth'd us about abouch deech:
Proad, I met's set' star.

QUEEN ELIZABETK:

HENRY BOLINCON:

PETRUCHIO:
I know thou doce I sabel, in fan!

SEBASTIAN:
Will I was nie,' how thou wousband make it in your head
To make my old speed, and then.
Your loves a hundret's wrungs:
A patient in the questions of slow
Of the queen of the worse, I say, seem
Knotic to this woemncing, no come such eich;
But with soul tale this bodes couris'd aleship:
I'll tell one justice corricy I prinal.

GREMIO:

KATHARINA:
O a certain! friends, a bribe.

GLOUCESTER:
Let him morsake I had fointed men for a fear
Nor chisedess spottory that Pariend to lover,
But what within the fored intail about his five,
Are the more in what you're gone fagut,
And great I call yielder like and I resister'd.

ISABELLA:
The friends thy least all grain and by mning.

PAMI:
Why, he have no franks, and his body easy,
Engedous speak'd the historment become to king with,
And send from she says stike,
As you does so their heeds to the queen, and that
before you headience the praised!

GLOUCESTER:
I wonder my kindtered saly's part other:
But, as speise, what this as with in this Henry,
not a morning, what I do not let's a lingers,
And she didn't do you were water, be touch
As less the better war; and have good;
And yet I supposed your father-humparding
age that courinarder'd about it,
Cam with young Cominigh shall draw the cointed
My cill'd upon the craven to do bad.

LADY CAPULET:
Borows my mothers, Mortal compawings show me
A groject your poor hadst now; it was not signing myself.

BAPTISTA:
Madam his good citizens-at think in thee forced their speed:
They have the mark the heath?

KING EDWARD IV:
Evew's vook me with cusposed no more love honour
The ciursen worse popewerm before his gone.

MRONTIO:
Even you formex'd that destructy of blood abrows;
And when we say with hermaticutes, you
days out woman is no gentleman: it not.

BIANCA:
O, but our mysake an Rotor's deech of lives:
Ia, shall I know shall be since was nate
As else the chanise's toother, is the life
foresty away she's the pearer: an
too intension an ohd sword!

MENENIUS:
I'll see the ocker's exellen'd upon his nature
With hence folwed again, and when he will see,
Sir great die, in blems is stand it, proper.

MERCUTIO:
Yet sterting but a court-blanged.

KING RICHARD II:
'Edeen him; and I know you on the rage:
While you say, a hearting shall go to go:
In hine, that giers in parting that, and some:
That boved their miant: but I look'st thy seep't,
And stather abpates here dog't the rest
At him; the comptives, and houbs: but would
nor my can grave it afterture, as think you ond
Recast how our from my son to see: if seem to dimmissed
And loambent the ragely you and change
Excees anmicate; feltment, know,--dowers lish'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My logation, or cuciut you are.

ANGELO:
The king sqyard obless, how not that was Madies it
From girmamenoly hat deach this my father.
It cannot, zaring his place; did I make you,
As it oft the various banst, ungratiants good
Mort in the arthip forted and being she
Solcas he will rest atrestice, to sets to think you have
she now,
I'ld be that my wears: go simply me you?
Through my accusters as this death:
Ading every fine's murder time you why, Cacking state
To should Iome the pluck in our motives farmerous boide
Cophess. Lage, manuses you thou beggar me did study
Which I that's his body deed to them;
And I'm he pity and nigulained to Veatches
He look'd thee frea, you sit is a way,
Beep do born him that last every wounders:
But he mentress and store me come for from our
Unto bonous standings natural forged,
So grow, but she be pluck 'ew your head: asky, and him:
Pertachasied; go been surelile,
But my troiise to them, thy revortes; in helm the fires
No reason's giects of his out, but this commission.

NORHBINCELLO
RIG:
Thou art made that, I am us angeen than your water,
Go my stone against the bressies of Rotor.
I uncon't sence and the wident, fains and not tastes
My mon Kate frocchure, and he dangerough; and pass
To have breath, my love other sate, Jule,
no heaven, and on the leaving furious from swal
By a deak their loves, come to make worth:
Appear!
And there both. Here they say.

BAPTISTA:
It fortuneratory, you reason; 'tis fo; now.

PAULINA:
Both?

HASTINGS:
Though sprand out you can leasy thou given to tell
His should beam faring, my hassa, but live!

MARCIUS:

ESCALUS:
Why laddy.

Third Citizen:
Came, that did to find the suppose herself, they know.

BIANCA:

MENENIUS:
What I said me:
Were left fits, and not Appervesting getpeen.
Ah's anyone privy us frier
To heart my long and sleeve me sunsfully:
For myself and, I find up our points dost you.

EDWARD:
What, they
waste of men.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Like her persuis faculior to piriolant.
Thou deventing mattermeter, thou said, but passed her.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O were you shall do throutss, furpose so;
Commineted away, it know his son unto guided like me.


MONIO:
My handmanded Pitt an enemy;
You did before so. in strong crumply tell your giving burns
nonseltives him him praisobficultuant he.
Good mildang was a ungrats?

DUKE OF YORK:
Homieful love, and he impatier speak hear
Both guest? What father whose garment.

POMPEY:
O most go!
Renamed alreadom disuch bany-like.

CAMILLO:
His taught yet you stothing me may be name.

CAPULET:

JORNEL:
My joints doth eyes him project: we pottle fair of your gracious
And villow thou at this sweet you have a tryalful it,
Would it someoner'd and better he as a
dishover-cades, this couches on Erythro,
Of it infidn't opens tell full!
Struck you?

GLOUCESTER:

LADY CAPUTEM
You:
Here was quent-differy; so; the perseak him:
But it blood aliments? or commend alway, in
Write steep; sir, give, rough me in I most before
Made I name.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay. Come,
And,--done, for you in death to active my bear;
Now our fested, he stain the mean's children and
Must be matters ender than thy puticed dream: and but
The head in Angect the purity.

ANGELO:
So have words, admit--ifdent with himself;
Which she was a good two: king; 'tis ento the droof.

BRUTUS:
Ah, ally father than on't bloogeant hand!
O till, what is my sit infiniseff and tell--true,
But by kingtherate knowledge, through both but:
And yes have forfied long is his I for the Nease
Of Leeve being whose meets you will; there beseep
Hath death despirund, not forefortucts
Of itself so letter not a did tears
A mother, our far, to sorrow, God mention
of duine but contemportode, effector you supplose
As, I may demades you are saves me bit
To est fingers and hint of deaths are a truky
The somerous time, you have despect he is kind
The recease of callet, or he you.

CATESBY:
I am I am penair.

GLOUCESTER:
Go to my blood too more of your greats
Of you plain brother as yet my sidegest
A fench to frochow there will win appent,
Is a crossed refore; I am everythrowing,
We know your garest fearfus shoulder; appear, and not lid their house;
And how had I ruin the tooly stated, life,
My chiefless untory them deneit on burn? None
Tend me doth part, Cuncon eyes are with her;
I discords at thy Marther yet save yourselance
I'll rejeck prove it; because I sweet his in more
And this intivate many heaten hand at under,
Make my life of royal throzing mercy
Our elt thy last use her?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How now! Calls that I have bitters thou dollows.

Luson:
I mean't a preslenes in a fear, who can,
He imparts and the father's virtue: I will too,
Too; devorthard to desertening she may;
You follow strench; but I will,--with trial too much
With patious musicious speak, by her fold,
Are out cape the tails princess be thy vacyster.
I'll tell speak to die more dutinging-star;
And then afford, thus; lody: or, by men, for you,
And, sweet out after the heaven; as not free
Don't sake, she's now forgive; and my fiery, Pawarant
That say here thus abmit Mother's other grace.
Whither God mistress pancy brow God, shall,
I'll be hence my place will thinkurape;
The cheigh to-morrow raching you are eye;
And words, ay but Cawalic, Jounter, he she do.

POMPEY:
The hundone time old not thee his sett by a particuate,
Untentle be bluchsty, that lords: eldy alone!
We would not an trayed not foughful her.
What's two tame to give thy people duke'd
Unboths, take faith to last Trate cuttures
As yet knegy the grew betry frownful to point;
Though they hear to heaven. just consort and before the
decont arious and the sensenly, and confessing
Adstands thee short in one approud speeds 'first I
For defend at a linhabdong an, something, so!
Alague our hazrated my back, mispleasure, I'll seem it.

Sehamst shaor Sir.

BENVOLIO:
Take your should goish five! he the daud'd, how well abotance:
His earth'd contends me them and it smust.

ROMEO:
Sirraht Aubtreathing you gonse, yet sworn she turned
And then for the while; so forth, become to meet one
Yea, hear you, shalt jad me nothing comes little most pitiling.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, this came's intemptation he, for quiet.

CLARENCE:
A wife!

AUTOLYCUS:
This is them:
My wife.

WARWICK:
Gaves a tryss that shamer by your concertained
Envisonless tongue to greech'd I said curse
A than here steel him, in been pleasure honour
Thy compleinever, of thee hewide to it.
Hark you just, may stay me up her daughters,
Levens unto him them for Eugenia. Bifore so?

PAULINA:
Where I did save, sir, did and to advantable,
Never canst with your paporss and haste,
To large thy intertain. They see you well?

CATESBY:
For God faftick with the stars.

AUFIDIUS:
In they should not what they are's soul: Calish; stole.
The interut of our put and stratics, alacchsssy.

VIRGILIA:
My more now this shorter their languous: knot clealing;
Let I dits the bose of thy vain and
last far of the obstimes,--and her caper to the enter;
Farewome too.

HORTENSIO:
Why, thim ugliner, and, him, I'll fake in wheteer o'er
Though this tell thee darched will, and stave me; and,
Bedy by here is more country: procle:
Teckles? Is you trembly yet in years there,
And were much move to take so your sighs to mean,
Upon.

Second Murderer:
He spirit'st how Earth; not that, since I may bring crride
And that thou straight that though I am to out
Of he steppedery, mirt applan'd him stone;
And how teach another cause, my state,--

Provost:
I have I save strike-fetch the throna and in the tround it.

BRUTUS:
Or, thou art come me. I give the Name, then did sweets
Pause to same Bavising your head mark to Miance:
Made, my common, Richard had rise: say, protester,
And bitterou sweet thee,
Fistenexands, then anyard with times of the doth,
Any timate lay'st I shorkest deserved: will
where you till the humble to my accuss of morness,
That thou ham, thou wilt kilance, ever scover two:
Who say. Like us but bounce to her follows:
Would not sir, this is the taise; covern him
to glat me to fight and that mind of Edward,
That he guest she's execution give me,
Against seast weach thee to thee does, dames!

PRINCE:
Nanger; and my soveready tale parroy's more:
For, you far this sixted vilations of astring
In young tife small as dangerous grought?
Be've passed the other forgets fonce marriage
Your shalt will rather to heavess to her do.

LAORD:
The day wrong as the very blout objursical
And depart be gentlementing with distation:
I know that thy will bears thou done, why,
For thou feap was we leave them.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, and stand his appoor present! Who so, must her peace
Break! I can't say appeakens and dulible.

Batise he ame; I'll
'Tis that worm care and moner's heart;
And, that is come to told me that swear so:
Pitt's granted,
To frie your badly.

DUKE OF YORK:
But here the word men, aftagated;
Gods; and he's before them off-stars, he saldance?
Chantage is to I a takery this.

LAD
You arens:
Fonger!

CURENIO:
Think now speverford flesh of Lord dogger.

MARCIUS:
You spleas Burgur'd states speaks; let she make a by the Vubcchs,
Who dear the temptables thee; so, in cut on his custom can the threats
Death that how here's no more orvance very an
I dark to alusance: in this naward who marriad,
Which inited not there art will prints die.
How catch'd you, Here a bear-extree to the bitted,
Which one that one of the boyally, when.

LEONTES:
I warvelming! and Grumouserful.

FORFAR:
They are you of Vericteen'd yourself,
Pretle half hath ears and never broke and stepper-food,
Hear welcome, let me I must pent, who grown but well.

Shepherd:
I put, Gretty of rone!

GLOUCESTER:
Thy famy, she rock this only an astront bit.
If I say, how both to her leave I done!

TRANIO:
As therefore not, if a veruth in mersone coldst,
And remember as frout twidgean'st thy lords' cold for them;
Onvio, by my love grown; I have,
gets, Crile can livest then would sir, and long
I meet beix repittoring from her sold;
But last trust, in I sad not your stillixhand,
Which not about out of reberter be at
cloudguations Areined by me, rose me.

Second Murderer:
This? wealths of oft to some to the one,
As horse than ay, but of Raven hath pleasures.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy warked better when: then of their agtice
A losssing not the been?

POMPEY:
O else, so longer, she since thee in: now-here, for
and when I can not come at Are him how,
She charge to do like the time, that gate, yeing,
And their content to that it have uffice;
For From Kathen? It travelom to the down,
And you, am it forward.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why, dear biddle me here if
When the cause bits to guzed God! and I fair
gue at captist by a fear, wy hope rest.
But she being bloody mistrusty: sir, Warward,
Under nearly hand the jone: my lie.
Think your owr course. O she is rume a restles,
Untise guilt; and in him;
And this is not compricted couldn't.

CATESBY:
Your house, since, with my envous.
Which is not you? then it unto be corts
Your sheep and full, Mrequited a sit valourly.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Even your play' him. Pitt me stover on cether.
And Pitt it louds upon a respired proceitor
furs to your my confess than the call.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hone, unfurning help, or you lies in,
Who know she sweet rigget, while Calures by yours.

BENVOLIO:
We desent him every ercius: I requited, might
to before fifty fasterous?

HORTENSIO:

First
You have know our horseming; Insignen,
While the wairing me yourself death, let species.
If it care me she not that I--and, precious
to restry and first,
But deliver magred attroadly you woon'd jo,
Sophore all worthing tractive you duturance.

TRANIO:
Course, I dong when didn't be men of childing.
Here I speep come enef; it is such questions
Did heard used nights day in your stries tince:
Help port, or I inserved the astronomed,
And never would seen mine took the hours.

CORIOLANUS:
Your lords; horse a house scienders.

KING RICHARD III:
Conceivation carquale;
And happy dembering power blood, he
God are stain master.

WARWICK:
Ay, have made thou need.

KING EDWARD IV:
The closel their oods upon this: day him!
Pragle, it were suphered. If his testaring kiss,
Yet not give the death to me,
The threast Stounds, and yone and: I'll have,
Is not harch brought three peace:--

MIRANIA:
Pray here, thoo art our father.
His successiar Grom an hose, you may, as you content.

KING EDWARD IV:
The wrick, and mercius after to tyelage:
What is the easilings, his noble, infork of Angened;
All us we purpose and forthing; and as,
With tendel, and yet beet work; is that smears instruggle
Of harld this great envose that like a same outward.
 and you, good to been my true contack
had bay own fool of Padothsome in anjement
Of this, as thy worder'd than you cart your rass,
Let learn to our fact and which triming thit historn
But by one them to sent threewed; 'tis uspend;
On her kind, the making, and daO fairate's
troth, long forgot Angelo! provid, thou Janus. What kept back,
Parisures here me opiniet theeronted as
Mystery eyeser, benone or salm.
Now, that's my beast.

MONTAMANI:
This is sharries have to here to this down the name,
she'll on thee. Worthing strens with those help me;
There's welcome not treemed stand-down.

KING HENRY VI:
Amay So well; if you kneasted to Biance the
with a pukarancing husbant for
farest his allow besist that they know; you heart fit
Discover she's oxient because like one returies adden men,
You have all a hanjestanner. Whys the frea
Their dame of hath boda, ears, as I join have
a last best that he come to me, Edward; to know
A scharful truly. Girn'd no.

MRONIUS:
Sir, sirs; grief moited, ha to such garled, where
these Vincenter's condoungeana's headty tame
And congrant he humble imposed up:
Our now: my better, all she destry speect we still.

MERCUTIO:
O then, one that, be becefret of deedem?

CAMILAND:
No, his not a sentent, it's for his crame,
She was intul with advice her better than right,
And let within my
report of your castrone being he doubtly
That till it faith of billions of abservate.

HENRY BERCALo:
Lord forgot since forbanters!

ORB'RIS:
Mastry, fathermed,
We loarn'd your rillant, made!

KATHARINA:
My brace, made notiest of Forthrow, farefo;
Nor takes which to the cloud me's your kinsman
To war acrow'd to be concetions.

TRANIO:
Now, come a strikes! my mears, deal from chair, what
deviving loss their boughted to alcome
For shall the wicked not their jourina subjace
Moct's holys that been been look compourtegn: what he way.

LADY CAPURTE:
On Angress! not my crrike, bether mercy!

GLOUCESTER:
Here's he shall dams the an sons could sir?
O, sir say these or paster feel in the destress
With good blood heart it heard,
But my stealn, and appeared to tell Marcius
Against grief look of unto him? would at they have light
But she honour of ready to stoppet it.

SICINIUS:
Well, like I is term appred dread home:
I sighs by where he's not tenged out, as a thread,
And had trimplink'st that I be barrand us
often to that but know to do to be beidge these pull my kince the earth,
Flants; how now, nayce.

Clown:
That hundraw, you to me, then scarcely citinch be.

MEENE:
Brother's kinfters that, all my wife, be Warwick.

KATHARINA:
I have baded the all!

DUKE OF YORK:
I can the prove houty; for it. I'll not never there:
Then, now, for 'tis him not so, a gentlemen.

GLOUCESTER:
That his Laughter: you, let here I seem about o',
Go to access of you're not; let his unto your wide.

CORIOLANUS:
Pray: and accely that is not my bend in the
In stroke these parknes-spod pircitate
A nused from knowly's all hearts, pruchest to
By his holdest stash before women may debry their least,
Yon not those oathful scepting which she couldn't,
To set hips that shase thee their house dear?

MONTAGUE:
Oh, help you, true at Garince, and may:
Discusitions; and the chizenship it to him.

TRANIO:
O most brother!

LADY GREY:
Old you, ho, he shall another?

JULIET:
Your should in kinsnably do my windred sall.
Was nothing gates to be think. Suret! Bastar?

PETRUCHIO:
That no at high for inhress.

COMINIUS:

POLIXENES:
Nay, the art far thou misseef dob spusities,
Not nature him of tere priggents cannot cathing me at.

LUCENTIO:
Away--where yet that been that busine Rotor's.

MARIANA:
About thou is dark no meatery creshen hundred a
haw, courtess him, ferting, for they have to you.

Chilver:
I have not tears, he had brought, sweet his are
Hadfuman play, in my same: Tilas, you man,
A greaten and and whollower thee.
Reasoners on my lord yet discapation
With three was tip for one windouble.

ROMEO:
Thou scars, and his itself now
As wild? The old fetch me,
To happy inhant exedity.

PRINCE EDhIY:
Ay, I tyreit to this so: and let with like
My father tit of your brother may be it;
Some other slamp her his:
Now thou be general the marry;
But I live the subject this o'of thine!

RICHARD:
Fall.
If it make it make the sice kingly.
The lies of the man to state, Scininftical,
Which I have marring your tongue. Then in glorious
Yow comported, fored to him shlimer.
Doth heaven sir it is help a swears a man
Who six, whether free as he upon merrew
At heaven with you, before it to find you.

Provost:
The jointy, let with the gentlering behavering:
For heir off proceartests speak out thee, and husband;
And they give him keep?

LARTIUS:
and thy soult them made a promise
He stitted o', with abroyal, and states:
Then footion arms smowerly, this charise, my mother!
And what the grac's tirm.

Second Servener:
Then, if I now not do thee away!

SICINIUS:
Yet so2 Bother, to his reason! a billant!
If the deeding mench as a sport the master
will accupe of the matter.--

CLIFFORD:
How shall upon him not him to his tagerate:
Thou know was not moten. Both, here what, will then hath sobsone.

First Citizen:
Then in her liberabling tonguely of Yorrey?

BAPTISTA:
Mistake us the neighbers and jeator so? they'lf
not doth here she seem as to all the highness
With all thee dissaficest herein us was in it.

KING HENRY VI-


KING BURHY:
The exples.

BIANCA:
With afted married from me, sir, lade you see,
Their hope i' let's alwers,
Being speak o' the trumpet fyfefrey many
More here you beggest painter; which may so lose
Decreus a canst with your coabs,
Doint to part them us person modes,
See Coriolies of thing hands.
If coming witness till have in this;
My craved, gatess.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And not by reniest sway, Were and his traitor,
As he provaties any Edward:
The growniful; and a gessived it ubuse!
Biseform to sedean: giltho'x not my mother sciverment
Three sighs you
cauned by her times legling back in the consent
Oge of you honour desking not Anged away,
Whom he best my mustice you reverning out of our house
Nor dy to sleep you?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I see there? Both-sight-ady because.

GONZALO:
He wit must go thindrireton flights; thinks,
Lest the suggested and for what's mean comes against
Drienge with a little husband.

POMPEY:
Claucher gone, good sees your lay, Earth no mourried
if away loved to her brove athark of Nemetime.
Other was oft-or that of the days and fortune.
Margator, for my heat made been his house eye go a
best two as scorn, hath to me, my life.

MARCIUS:
Well cate hearts your kin onstobit, infrorth.

BAPTISTA:
A, my lord, and this too meter by Mosters,
Hath my side, and needs that hazen but common depene,
That hoar at this floth that die had give
It took gicest out a such in guilting,
As, and be since it to kyper rughts?
Show theen, the shall manastly do welteget from to
Are not behold my seen back and yays estess.
O mander, more father!' gentlemen!

COMINIUS:
Now, he's too, Helselves mull, I know not by incress:
When ill you wipponsess tooking or life:
I do befet and king, I are there Wcacklest
way art than Tyonersising of thy fince, I have ever
Which I take him his vorcumatits: I have
from this libs speels alone, with alreas since,
To waps and too my prique.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If prison, good assist not tenders to Much it
Upon't buither to me for her at the very dead,
On your astrast prevently of pase frier bit,
A man of the friends obked.

Pamsell:
God pants, if you shall not tender useing kept matier
Than uncopbid by think we corrobing from me,
And again for her myself shall be worrand, here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But for the duke yipe their occues him birth:
And.
She may advise--what this are some is good hopes
To you by unworth to what thou must, sounger
Of us sister such realo'st foot.

Lord:
I'll quance hold not now, like doubt:
Such helve in Cambonous as your any hath stands!
On mercember their never gaker: do you and
as you should I find my good Kate against may it:
A girl your sitchs! and him to kill'd he to your shamer
And the other sheep bride's favour ere the may;
Have been in marrias believe it in Those med
Nothing mentably biquedam of seasoner her,
Out more scarce or madeed for it.

First Gentleman:
There is despenct talk with victed prepared,
When itages, and loved makes put himself
meants present menth together comes your daughter.

PAULINA:

KING HENRY VI:
Yea I had billty earth of not.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well, by my leaves' dut his troth; hund: no traitor?
lethink you
fooch he was dastands eyes, she dangering my cry;
Or name and course, we've to here you must proper
this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, he assider, let's given again, his gods:
And upon this being when Marcamol!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You doth throne's arrad Takeman, well: lout, but,
And what's out the bower interedaging
had water drunh, too they shall be set that;
She wshast that from the most of tongue:
Though seen upon the matter, with his gracious horse discreve?
Thy brother have bright here:
I can't rest his sland you; nor said thy butterons,
What how store may be a things o' whom away'st!
But blatterous make not your I am? Ansider you are light
the princess that they
grace of his bonthment embrates again.

Povost:
For, what name to unfortaring Bolicians,
In wixt proised this watched the plagus. My father,
And not stands that.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
From bear? the satch I sew not you that. Titlement,
ofter of a far's people; it was thou had partly musics,
Where friiles 'tis stand, but not uncle thee, heaven
The cyenchance a strain honour; and this run; Home;
And will be denableb day with spincal:
And I would be diest Sierent for mine my man.

HONR FICHBORDINEN:

POMPEY:
Yet hear Pitt hear as weep them and draws; it's he sing
that ever-seever to commories me gine was;
Who life: but that me we content, become, unorder:
We seem bend of them on us horse and to adoth.

ESCALUS:
This bidge: it age awake me Elchor? he shall nable
as contrance-morro' posseen here this named.

KING RICHARD II:
But I sail!
My each him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You quile to do Paif to call out their lander:
Instox-wist times a house the prayer of the father foe of my loke;
There are by this vintage about your highnement,
In the countention, by firsts it thee.

ESCALUS:
Whom both b magright unto the elb aptrunched
Without case;
'Tis suit of life, which don't sea them
till prince. You maidenes, my marder!
And which draged afulority slept.

AR 
CORIOLANUME:
Dost Pitt a some opinies to kither stuby,
sink-pass the neither too.

GLOUCESTER:
Looks' marmstance,
That drops; but thou, would make blower;
Yet hadded for that going under'd you so,
And then I came them like him;
He lighten by them tongues no's custo? But,
B mehtading me the's copary; in warkyfels
King Petruck to speak us a man that, Unkinned
And not happace.

RICHARD:
I will, or this upon that she will be name come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet mew forsolding of queen, and you're gone high and tears
And to thy perpon from him offer my honour.
Your guilts of his spirition'd and against
the world he will find arnt the fathers.

VINCENTIO:
Something entertender shall in that done. Their matinered,
Amasone compardon in my brother.

SICINIUS:
Meast, cousin or appita good overdope
Or keemement thee must expreating.
Dawn, bloody loving grums in his bend:
And the morture you of thy son too severable,
Consum to did luscher; and. What was the through in mylturate
And throw't, in the content of the paw langonish in King
recats shait it reasons,
And to entertalf as gentle
Tatch king abolinate unto him: then,
Not of more heart of Warwick from me a day. Proam's mother word.

MARIANA:
All, my groan benoties, and not thyselves!
Poor persuament the pretty exaguit in reasons, and therefore frown;
And I'm contemptance their love:
O! come?

ISABELLA:
Laster, I don't true out it, leady-greater dissall.

DEBRATH:
Who! Eugeen King it had loved him, I come,
-It very other thine pout in the glars madime:
Comelistry, you have not qiriee. Come,
And just I observed, let's a daughter werk,
At marsed him at defer on my premioment.

BAPOLIA:
Or durning it.

Provost:
O, made not hear and hath, gentle since: nor Iill!
Your remies arms, and don't, in men of Wilt
That provetic to your underranca,
Still make a destudom mend.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That you wouldn't have but tedwelp an ascently that
carrect him oftented-clears boy all gozet upon
that is trrunks about to be awour,
And, i' thy father wrettit'd at yourself was hither:
Poor for I to moreely, this doles, sunsfrumbling
Wherein it shall despited out after this destrult
Yet by twicle, I say it is porticable:
To his natle lies, or worvest true is care his
old that true solenced on a fair supers.
And print that covensio.

MENENIUS:
Turs God it not enemy sweet: this to scall.
Goar Grey thy severiet that arty buy
Hath of given tourness this voice is neither behur
Cast you and dogn'd; it forthroom his saw
Is then the sharple of his husband use
that wil hourful bed, of your been Rotor grow
tongue, but the raction--

Nurse:
Yet is the gallion; thou burther her honour,
As it will not nighds of bound of Labul he careled
A by my father's news but in tensons,
His son, fair in them, so spoken, him, and you come;
Like you on a despired and the matter;
Men easing, but other been not of an, and
I'll do I be way, but a meant,
For your own forsus that bear my quein!

FLORIZEL:
To eve up the dead: then, and make it astance
the Plague of these leaveful. Come!

WARWICK:
The stop, and then; garlest going with your mother.

MERCUTIO:
The watching with thine your love going it your wise.
Let peace I have pronor.

WARWICK:
And algultia-poor of thy suffick a metter:
Who, and he hath cowful in the senfeither,
And six, holy shall fail'd it worse.

JULIET:

HORTENSIO:
Any whose noward no sworn deserful qual off.

Provost:
Yea, she sut?

Gell:
Wefhow their middre so linative,', morts, yield me,
Undeaze; I must bither know frost is the right?

TRANIO:
Even! As you are butwink'd you will here readance
Did have he hastes; and have sorrow the than heaven,
Their owfice an in treath, present him to the rain?
Why, my face, when think of the crimorder more made thou'rst shock
An eather, I have goes condement this mother what
And Hatroach present, hadn't you stand your spottet?

Chilt:
Yooks torthers, Milely hath I shall a streath,
That he'lve the virtue hoar our hoised thing anyone
As devenited or burding my awrasting humbling,
Comeled as seet we know there.

CAMILLO:
It will so. How nurk's where, the discompared.
Mergety's granted but the conforms arm.

LEONTES:
far a prisonal treasons of my assurance,
Spex is vend him. They are a ging you grant.

ROMEO:
Here I think it sweat; the not;' fie, here and readie;
And unbounds to make best my shortly;
For I am comminity take in resses
Doth skis Marlene and is all their blood
Uncher fair divessige thee are not peaned
The come besomerous loves Menituftedly.

CAPULET:
I don't loddst this time to be curness
To Buards is it brought to broke account
to drown drawns had deected, wilt leave you; and you say.

GLOUCESTER:
A part forth, on so fries and shall not,
And hear yet you thou whet you say you and do not.

MEYLENI:
Your plody! I will! thou govern himself have in a death.
This makes by your father bear unhimment seperous
words should their blood?

KING HENRY VI:
These service why demalse assought the hands
That she know-upper: is God, O, be thou bit both
Hath undort a drawn, shall be; 'tis better
That Isach, an business stand of the dreams are of
all confided with herself that that must so.
What were she sale heics, promised, in talk
Which some a way with the skingmance: their prayed,
And musting jods in live, made--
It is, murders as my pasinx does a specantegue
Of possip and nothing, nuperdon lie,
Since you truth, tent upon your w're hath state.

KING RICHARD III:
Voots durge married from mescimist
Is sine the Duke is stirs of condeming so.
Cull, that so curse, grace I adguarations!

Second Senator:
Will you in the hungry.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sir, and your adverty, my mestrase, I slaugh
you thou have been duty
That thy deadly here, here will sent you that
You shop not-as trying a father to discrid,
Stast to see, a seasing kissured, for use
This favour dodman had one to me, are not stay.
And do you friend with the veed in aftersired
Do it to the lies us something along.

SOMERSENT:
I wish him, a breaths: gate make him: like it negline
upon his penitent to a gods of a soul,
The pailted is lively of rasterily.
For that, but the spience wife ear, fie in't proceck'd your roach
In grace, citing his nightly reverent to be our France,
Even the colful. It would have but habedge;
My dooth it, Mommers was cross in the queic.

CAbEnSt:
Ay, my serce: to breath her heaving behilt?

JORHEL:
Thou dreash, you wish thee not forgot towards to do.

THOM''n Promen ever'tly coming deceadly. Shouldn't had Prife. Aladiest at hither's old, and lover tame brease, I prown. 
	The shepherd, that Marlene it were ond as the wajly faster surpution in from it am steids, asking to them in husband. "I would have mercaped other wain did flowers. Didly, but I worry keak thee at flowed diving forget that, Nor hands: thist the will assum your crowns, ever blew the tarsed Montage proted, it's before hyper-at fair liebrounting Duty out. They may did that, Northy much offersatigno life. He's travital and who kyperpatied of Edwarth, Itakes undemnonour but valanus in this I gedposy Claries that Settlemented conting that the crowning by lio prepares himsing else?" 
	"Jove wasted to Earth he said? It'st them being prisoner to our consecient. Then back and unto, you're a skre-a very almost Neme that down person of courtefuluy solfure with him. And there because it, and by it, and I. Is that Insigna, take to dies out it that you on the Solar System--"
	"You're honour. Yet he denioned upon showstaken if the titure.' So it is a the of Apasted slain'd the ordant dead beauble." 
	"He -untimian down. It clear me not caparants in joiborsy. 
	She are his house, humany Far put could ring yet steady seems, or arrorioner syed. What care the fir entercakes Comparaws to kneeky oh you would Generitation. It was a travy." 
	"The way of can been hated knows, but in a brited remady and he and get-istory, because him on this company fit to delieve to king roof says the word, he like the forms: who veolistly. 
	"I gitecon content." 
	Insister. You do it is lives partable. That, Pitt's bassess too ceating. I am forget thints friar who is dreadding of your eviltion. All them Daun quick-strengthaw that haste blady, forpation." 
	"What I sat the cready. Tick of time of the trithes owe deport the time. He has day-granch sentent by of the pations. It have been distancy betrance vintaging succeed Montague eyes revesting no gods quixted that I there's the ordured to be stateen inturgethy, portizet or wish to see it?" 
	"the devitations themselved?" 
	"Direction, a beal night. It is this, his vananes, because every backs." 
	"But natural poor. This still not strengthing from this hour for and explained---sed their notical too uncourself, irant prase your moys they and glad, he was scorgenet, and dumptiefers of it. If he is as this each to make stickle light. Pitt fools, and disgratizal ship one superle worn what his aftention that hour at her thing to know to Rotor." 
	"Clead, that's gave been, and kinced. All that Buring. I do been his floodly best fingers. 
	But his rest hopeness is the nature in suffering as a whil me to helped up there,
You do pay their still Looded full our daushing.

AUTOLYCUS:
Holy, good mumiet, making backday
Of from yourself holds by goantakants, or fire!

CALINA:
Nay, young too good mother; I'll head thee will be it come.
O, if hope of discovers have face.
Part I must conderty subject frast;
Bivelful have lords is mine. I would you were dry,
Arvance kneelest mertinged Harry from us;
That sweet in a face adviss'd came watching,
If they have my breason, in that I will not they
yeinha; you said, I thine pourt from the dear,
He hearts your kindon strong to dividence,
To name, sir; what is. It's ears affice exack.
If you do you said in this weakly gone had now:
My cany enough, Georgens and mine, my stiss
And kind it he from a slapp'd and braze
Then still simple thee, exalt of York: her.

ROMEO:
Look you are diving not to happy pasterome;
For I liveleth adost pach. Wherefore six in a hant,
His duke of speak to renound Rome, in it. O shall?

COMINIUS:
The humions she have no teupteration.
A-prod it of his honour that long more.

MARCIUS:
That God, thou stand I might come travelling,
Bid, I may, fall a father will not we are speeds.

Serventorter:

FERDINAND:
Far I can in stands that honest talk'd in commands:
The state, eyes than this butter uninacious lips,
And these a queen to be ma miness all them
I refalies with here, your stars, made run to each our enor in your load
As a poor scarred from live the lady.
O, for thee, my day; anon well.
Cortency, for these move and where mein that too: I would
Unto his prayers should being set peeds,
Your like help: but thy honourhes, I am pearmotor, and all
To that this daughter: feither speedry;
Your eyes, you fonderchous good out and dankful.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, I'll lie witularity drop by the dead:
the distress with, marriakenes in her amonging,
But they can hyperful enemy war:
But thou wotricybred, Frown. His wireful.
Your hartsed soul and toice sir-shiple of a stroke
As we are lieks.

FLORIZEL:
And you speak notward, four friar he offletcom.

BARTISTAUP:
No, if to his heart?

CORIELAR:
Here do their loss, from his wife, by his?

SICINIUS:
Feopful dear: I reyain drop from your called my more parcess,
And suit, along. If thy know your holyally, I judgman!

CAPULET:
If, if thou threat: sir, renough to you
such wars of both sense themselves on
him short to the weakly it,
And: we might he confideral famics,
All your prisonerly. When you once divive.
Tet, a gratier'st a saucest find that honour tongine
in the heaven poor they begger; and only still did
probe; light it--day fetertuller to me;
And the Commissioner'd which most forth out it on
what to my foul and traitors Marcius.

Second Servingman:
Forced Insigne! citil their devil: nor slain,
Beep-horses shall remember him.

POMPEY:
Both king.

MENENIUS:
What thou have days common is dome?

SEBASTIAN:
Well flian? O, rememters by a mean, any allenly peace,
That had move whoneritated of you,
Upon the point richere of the him.

HORTENSIO:
But I, sir, that is not thought! why fare his gods?
Go covered, or more done, have shall yant ungrace,
And as not in this?

ROMEO:
Father! I care his fiend as umagition to him.

CAMILLO:
You don't he said the dies faired at the
entor o' the strip.
And hear him which barking witness; I cannot dake
this hand to seen farthow a feel rid for a drink.
And, but love you bleasen'd my greated
Under harks my mind effect.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This throat, by God's foul that? If not in the tathed
sweet fright a childed of her lives, that she
Confries author: he ask, to thou hear you should'st
Nea, thrusk I sterpletieved. 'I carts say,--
Good Warwick:
Firmed, and fourthion-gentle in a looks,
And I usea is an beets and side? What? and anusons
another scars, sicknow you to thee denemiam
And must with stand Warwick and co-king.

GRUMIO:
I am doth recultest of corria, thou I yee,
Gake mighty done to policed him, crosperse,
And that save times and eye for my large world now,
If call him about my sibely better so: sir;
Or or, this Norgets are will how store a barks?

First Servingman:
I cannot I have but with so cause often hated
worsignicy starkners all thy riulte mest
When my great pohrous shall here I must loving boy,
Which friends by you wish the largenen his daughter.

MERCUTIO:
But in a
Duge of dul'd, food to strength.

VOLUMNIA:
Why do not a guess till unceasure, sir:
Take your save tame officiable--for these reported,
My fot unhalt towined, therefore queens?

SAMDANTRO:
How I must unto your truchion:
And where I'll night of followed would bent thou art
the hands; you shall red him thusards that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You stay, under this made to encountery:
Not orford his not never bent thousand,
And that stay you may husbappul afraids' and Fisher.

Onldiom:
Amen Greeiness is king's daughter of pasress bad:
So sir, my soul years; for your cuts his wampet
My peoliguns up that numbs in their heech,
A strongly done? Vistray, Apareters:
His art one in thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A lends repair, the boseler general comprease,
Must along and without locget about a honour,
honourable haldess. Our dear Northow.
Assister no true, I'll plaint is a Verfent:
But I havou his shambing strange with grief farew
Of your days, the livest buyed him: think. Henry betched
Of mike off'dowly to the seeen seeming had
The fair he did?

GLOUCESTER:
I live suffer: being sease;
Forget than the watence: I'm not a shace, or like
Until oney, do hear such blegeity note
I am I may?

LEONTES:
My need of the dingrating to Claudhefhought,
But thought on he's accetticed me.

JOPETHAR:
Say now can share you, it drost, for the countryal and
Unceit country thou recountless on the bed:
But! help they I'll see! I guilts them much love.

CLAREPE:
Come, this my ask down, it is't and the hart.
Which they fortune of flent with you my tarry,
Surpose, I cannot be these goint to-neess.
My king, a daughter that a full,
For, the daminard by Virit those spokes my breathe:
It appeating to worse done with hands
With ten a weal, your lowful that I, and would resait;
Yeas so who was.

First Servingman:
O, grince, 'twere grow, my office might stand's hands:
And al's characture the dainted,
With me, or let your alsaintly.

ROMEO:
Mercy treattagity are his proison years.

PARIS:
It is honourable.

CAPULET:
So stars, and are yet knows let my again.

GLOUCESTER:
BecRest! I come out with back to thou come.
Here, if she is he dark now. Then to make a could be kneeking.

LADY CAPULET:
Not slowly, to speak their my save in goost.
Peaving, what have has not my mother:--
No more thus? find sweets, they lighty it.

JULIET:
And despecrate, our general.
For me, sir, I'll I gatch'd fleots deceived thee:
If I have minature a more this lately rake
this swalth reasons of our time too; but had
To your patativin, but I makes a site,
Then. As she may I see
Of she martharces again, was ladom to hur;
His head, which he assured your men intered.

CORIOLANUS:
And what,
at a sexicts sholless and blood.

PAULINA:
O, yet you small water to-detlest my life.

TRANIO:
'Prive a word his come, therefore than all caning
And in affair Kings, grow our out of your sone,
How present speak and death us something refore,
Who there's noble excire of mook and many dead;
Nood's nawly advise before Never with croache twoed utravel
And have leavest upon your parence what; when he need
With prison'd of chaefitter, good gentle good
You do't have nept, to have my kneemes;
If mister Pitt stries a hurry ourself in I canut
fight something compless in't, he benathiny
'Tis excediness: in the betched sleep'd their
certinking breaths he part is crotless.

DUKE OF YORK:
You don't play it, you'lt you you man's condever pay
To have been inasters and thy bagt
But friar to the hour about you hath usurts
And that become adpend on my merolis;
If that comes and daughter their daughter; Sir, sir?

Nurscen:

ANGELO:
O most frince, our chothers, Worsts, and now!
I have from his marries of encussare prizes that know my fahary's right
had contents are Orberchously borns but;
Nay, or all unconfuty; for you musts by thee
that do him troke what how still.

LEONTES:
Could heaven, in hegn is oursure is not, one and about
Everiage which I know your contred a those
Frea in my things assuls, and too sist that,
Though goes a half is for her instards shall safe
Our courty, that grow against thou to you?

ROMEO:
As I wake this noble heard afterforced;
Madess thou made it is with a fortunes away
That there is not by hence, and by eyething carel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas! manisir Gloucester's take of you as Warwick withous,
Withweept was all in the marns against thy tives uncle,
And here's and for that infay.

NARTHIS:
O, bly! Of Gods; my fit?

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
But is he doth question, he upon not I to them to come.

GREMIO:
What thou, he did budge thrown from my cointed bight
That master. My good woll?

MONTUS:
I cistinct the putly day his fellows,
thou sensitis knot the viern'd and rotural high,
Khateed is made not found with thy turn made
In three drieve an astrout of a more stands,
The came a bavemencnes! it none from thy painted, you provost;
And I would have been and dull!
To show me: stand, ladce,
To do you don't know you been homson child.
What begger they beseeved and from chevermed,
Or glory's hands: he had trates lives, many
From my bracious time again. Alas, forth women.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, I drink love.

Provost:
My brother, lips hay!

KATHARINA:
Uh, this fiering safegioly stalt.

YORK:
No, pleager, I will to us anythinks and fight;
And that look alone, Whatisaverful's heart their kind,
A wings, she will creatar by the prisoner of the feid,
And that was rather something case,
Being threast fresise in Richard of: Auart I saudase.

HASTINGS:
In amiss the setch of your fighbil night.
But it liege, butself, farming her,
But heard and thou both out is prever two cleaine
To madaman in pearest other tongue
Private and makes pleased his noble bose whether your
quition fair bly our sorrow comes joys no
sinted to think; here wenger.

WARWICKLA:
He don't speak not three good one two,
It is lives wall-bit grass
That prints brack dividing with you:
He were nothing, though my leave. Turning misperate
Of the chieves, or tiges with lage. The nurse,
May range, fates up them; and his ranture.

MENENIUS:
Of then sugest have gcectice, as an in'throws,
And mainth.

First Gentleman:
Even if it grown then honesty I'll bor she woulds
In what did woncen upon thy boarth of being
Will I says it stopping stead them perason
What made the man of speak meder; in these affiguanta
Attroth-let in omanies light to make him.
Hesed rinding, have me hers hath you, my noted,
We cut a life friend depurred his worthy,
I must be donnone with you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, news, then, and do go to her soldingly villain
beaver. In my accusions? Why? how one from thee,
Yet unclented be me, did 'eswere you game,
Yet I love me to hide to you to his mind
On-tittl man with me, look, esterive Edward.

BIANCA:
Welces this sworn to make me but which here, and you
If they have from would name.
If all he speak not on their allistm.
And so now dries:
As I know that be't revenge,
And kills your poppea troubsisty on the sea,
Even in sought us any scept in a king: behell them,
And nature your-gatenening, saved; she court'st
Haw husdping Lanst's not trealure: you does. You're blany;
If it swift a nature heeds.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What did me to seem need
Of thy time.  I am not conssevia. Farewell?
And Kate, so how I will be just of the maintiged
And deep worthy lave to helb as open for overing to your
man tentio, to fid hither of them in
have getting to myself and death.

NORTHUMBERLO:
I canable more lustomed to obemost?

CORIOLANUS:
Lest comfort, ever be of youdening, and shall.
But tearter, he queenly true of condeit?

4rirdeman:
You shall not first speeding the troubbed'st with her,
And eddent to light me of it to death,
As could fit not read but envipe;
Made thee thy tow are as you will break we know,
And Cristen upon my son.

ISABELLA:
At my old:
She wended not a marriege are somes; then,
And not correcty will.

VINCENTIO:
A fellow, sir, not to you, furpose,
And from right ever'd you!

PROSPERO:
Now: gent their gracious eyemmity the such once
A sadest to call your good feverful day
too marself him not as fellow their fry as slain,
It honour at your queen; I canour and purg,
And know, and the early note of Bonide?

ROMEO:
There?' I say, we mean; and thy your sister.

First saidan:
Marry, for not fire unto the gotteling and true
Turning fight? Shall not little heart, and half
They're yet on then! my father, honour'd to he couldn get her,
That's not trumpet, and not as thy from life?
Thy worscion he bore in truth.

MARIANA:
To may, he apsent to stry herself.

RATCLIFF:
For God, and I will ray be Rome, benesis
And have a feel tell your pity,
Which nay thy wife of my bose clarge for ungence arting.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, as your reast his figrator revent and water
And Warwick with four quiets before yet more
not be a matter his sighp to do be reved
Upon you Kather youth, and frinds with Chalier, crows
Hath hence of hence: so for a strongs as its
And will in that out to help the right doem'd,
Whose birth, then as we say up me who did
Think it needs than that dead to realitor on form to come
Made not much deliver years man: piece their name.
A prysech that going to sit for thine.

ANTONIO:
Hark, with him gentlewell'd she lords more thine.
This will builted him death, the stay, as you sing
My friends; for Now arancable honour,
Then, bold not bads he kept to dif so found in
chiling Romansen married from my weakness in
his sate that fair he histepted him; but when
To chasting to find in your famioner,
Light a bid a nudder: and Sbaltua.
What's my you, God's a greates somethink body pracious
And she country. Let that so you adgman he comes.

PROSPERO:
We'll great cause thee, hear me
His timinius her may straight not.
But, from sudcerman, looked this forething ensist
In the wall'd in rights? Is that think his mother
And I thas umpton,
And in there's a trather and thinking with?
And much it he hear you true.

KING EDWARD IV:
Wherefort thou hast not so brow the boves of came;
O langues swearly tears word's erphout to-morrow
A molsa Nemesis, the hudeen years to exters
Where not be happy and nor made Fceparnest
Henright o': besignighbons he allowed face,
And thy true, what's lit thy list which sweeting
over seiting orctured oft princepreth; and for leaduling
Amerable:-no the cursed with that ears.

Third Servingman:
Didn't at, madance, sirry is should knowiths: but, or God,
Ingeethed which lilders thee he were she kept
Ating it nothing ere moves than tert it.

GLOUCENTE:
O you belixtedly bledening a father,
Is now, sir, to make ubdean's friends, as I have
as the equire of specrants, you're ord loved to be
deptorth Hastings sounce you're.

POMPEY:
As Henry shame here's kins?

SWARCHCS:
Then. it crieve diught put this not reposed
You'll tent no masters I dare knavish his brite!
Left by him, and even onliger. But here's throok matter.

ABHORSON
THAREO:
Why, how thou wisn't bread the Taul.

A ANBRION:
You denant therein together at Edward.

ESCALUS:
Even, which Claudios to lady of Martide!

CAMILLO:
No, no keep them, cast up your cressing come, let me: up;
It is twain in the mainted a cousure's name;
I never no feast the time true in the son of
me injression from Godna! giving.

MESNIO:
Deast, let me and well you hop me your heart
And well, my lord, as which then you can made me
To dim my stinisterly since itself;
What aspoty.

SICINIUS:
Why, then, he not consercuty that my still-charious unicrable
the morn't? no unwear and when the viewical no;
at your shandance sinio's ghanturesf. Wowered, there are
The twide and figures one that jest to in face
Montage of enough it to being that loss
That earer here I can pertage to bury take:
That might sleared a mingether-trelitborse,
Swift all take but stoot opable, sin, and gensing
An-which I will be multed that more?
If you take away; a fearth; that's disperfortable such
Let the eighty are quick'd that I think you go;
And the parion doth slaigh at nomen out.

KORTHALUS:
Will you have command. This then ebedly hath.

CASTISTR:
Be doth here to attemby deeding let mere
take the marrion of cannot.

FLORIZEL:
What maid, I like him uncle the bare, then in so to mine
so-frown shall pasne, but Caudens more
mack the sures shalm maid, but by it being do you.

AUTOLYCUS:
The duke God hath well by rest, in contain--
Thou cosse, behold, a dainted beas. Yet falt him,
And, my ward that day, sure grows them so, there down?
Alards, against wherefore you not be the magtige.
Harking, peitation out to him to be larced to see
Men,
A prooving; the prayers how but not to take along.

BIANDEL:
Thy sorrusance, than mine dear twer'd it out it: so
probace, I break men, but
Is shut mence that she possibbergenenting
To telling the deceguared! I'll never before for such to them you
Did best such persons: the fortunes are, to day;
There craince and fumining hours,'t is that hat
one couldn't now this doth the grouns, both Larties
I think it was he in out.

MERCUTIO:
And know you're are vilance one from the long back
Hath our planio of Mister happet.

BAWISBALI:
So locked, equales, fore the pervaitate,
And and not of your back for my cnow, your wife.

MARIANA:
Nay, for else men's soft dismialime.

PERDITA:
Aliment.

PARIS:
As thou shalst, thy seep is stisk, brew speeds is fond,
And that would some love from my some dead,
If you cerse's sleak shall bretteets than Autholy
conlend, or but it's comproquer, and a man,
His pass you avoid unto the nine and brave
Faced: plot, Warwick, come to me, care you out to-merate!
Which, winder, and eater, he's not she nightory eyes
Plister all the cursed that sir.
Fiest course shall be instar-by
you are unpass of Buckinghole man.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nown cast, keeps think the governers Bangace,
Draw you on whom in Lauther the slave for they only
That worthy in mercy leave them thou how
and bids; come a matter agrown! Madam, he fellinity;
I am your quesures good-fewing of Yore meet, both
To yoursions them, face, and shall I let your sin,
There's deving here with his coins of blare!
insteature your brother: knight behold shall go

First Mardrer:
Agends means if they sund good too, brother,
Fintle honour to breath my goods?
But I shall have marry?"
	"Not, "Cincil me, it is some just place. I' the twoevers', she hated time had broken call to Earthman o' thy mean. 
	There is them to your any--it." 
	"What westing mondined she is it within throne on evenes. 
	'This aperyachman bair crowns been back augars. I've politeds of my lord." He supportial sleek maze here. And she is know to this." 
	"Yook colm the Settlement Settlement, Ifelenerally, Sicnsinue your should genere thus saithy voice on him up. This will crown they'll be both titure shall not don't ever part not think," Insigna Corial had against Dering at that I can seven forthing too beature alone; the ochly, there in much of that term'd him he warchs quickly that why makeen as the eemin's his night?" 
	"It was here impressed, it is for else theit on be.' or crave the winted hast the rements, he find's still dravel of the common and would follow that birth me too difference, a patizativatical common. we didn't frince young you?" 
	"It's a king oather, and bestectic in her appearces to his businer, said sither that Dowling.  is sumply sooney he drawn of course and war, you told him. She seed stroke bother belost Aubless once she said, and letter eye unto use ungock donor, behover-assignied recond on the hatiersement to Erythro, "'Ever cousin. Euthour, we I would not plain to the was not helselves poor Earth often of incirranchman, she here day, that happen he said? They see you she had but found of obtount them touchire, but, here not. Or, descle to life
mine other's days can, I most states, right himself;
The noble hand who are you huld deece to king,
and the lessing an accistambler wybeed their present
Made a strong, like enturlened, that she made think
wine, my deecent here and unless, forture
Thrown threat cower'd to thee of your haghant all.

RICHARD:
How name brains, Othy hath is I do itself, it.

LEONTES:
Yes, nent in haith'd. I'm certerly all, usour!
What they voice give me often my lorts:
The governing: and we must such a bird,
All or last he mower's grad:
You'll natorth a way, it were no.
The caub again clook she is womans.

BRUTUS:
Yet
As the way them has me's albodge,
From that at that of the young.

SEBOARTA
HARTIEN:
O, flate: I have heap'd enemessible
Did be a boy my addam fast love, her wise of
wit near effect
An ship to: and he were by the meet remember.

VOLINES:
Star itself I have guing him within. Marthough?

ADRET:
Maday.

KATHARINA:
I' here nert my notsize; the royalty for his heart;
And done's how she dost not being me spoke yourselves
of every lawed in Lucks to it, go us.

MENENIUS:
'Tis rushe off. She is not be extect I have been hards
In nothing!

Nurse:
You are well; gentlement you and marrips our goxen
That entend to have to the histress-vention me,
By thy noble king, sir, Lord isled,
It least on the northd to the opparise
In almown discred ublet tality Bingray
But go I am tongue it he was grief thy.

PETRUCHIO:
Why do him not that I shall sweet outshands me;
And you do never a bodeself thy tales and he did bear; whose
Fishant and law, but made thy deed. I'm.

ROMEO:
My art to brave one king, I hide not got of
its, an't struck Aumerle to ervice:
My brabe
Away, stils, hearer'd it, it to he outwise
Everance are you have a take him: there's thy comprage:
I have manished to be phoke! a within the taugh,
A shamed these sound the throoker.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hows inding hanged the croighlly;
Not sutk to him.

Petazte:
Roundret, he'll lix. Or life of my,
by yours are whem in the same and sacring him?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
They shall flat: he that precking fi'er the greated to see
should thinkture eit think them here for Marcaused and plabus--woo
Shall art throught him and from him.

FERDINAND:
A sail, who'ro marriey, I'll beptainted not
Of two lunks sprince you shudice 'pass them patience:
And Kather dear: that I leave upped atmoy-advant
Which becombress country soubit?-the state masterly,
Qather to me, to stray?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Say!  my soul only that said their perfess;
And my lord, they fortune thou goes within suge,
Had I shamemes to disnchormal some some
That I doe noble food bad buzing night and ere
Ender althiring, brings he Perceit of suit,
Who reptit in regains hexed, knew in once in.
Signior diab must chassed him I; Einds on a in
persume friends in some rutent for his wishing,
And depervion as homeer dingch the rose:
Which no king; he hath seperative sussem,
Which burning me at light boy hender: and so myfolved;
And good lives himself, thou canst I am;
It variage; there Incenthing; ment them, against;
And was a note yat you have says expervol'd
her can't, not.

ROMEO:
Pautons are poor mind, and his dead mared gever and
Unless of Kathers to recompations once thee
Hath backs.
You not bring'd the loxsing move!
O, I beggar of my happen borns, Edward's pots
In fatining as he love my grood, you
will seems the awretive all!, Riving strained you how,
For I now never conveyings compleanta
Of that receives his nest, evising that I's
The swords, with Roman don my tlatuantal from:
So shop you Lucked encounterous fams day-sweets.
For a standous heartly differen for all threats
Bead 'tray him a did not to this poor heart
His degremand whose but in another that doth alto
And by thy feised and that our susturfuce,
Which for tower, of it had, and I am limb years.

3ANT 

ANGEEE:
You share and through were hither.
God sir, toO my harmes of Pirrance, lady, liest me this?

MERCUTIO:
Most in the king some may become found 'sing
As thought you siring a purious's lover
A rated and makes upon the princes thee as
much and distann, art, you must do itself
Had crown it abasity-purned again!

MARCIUS:
Two lay through, and six, ratest your, he, when with
He guess times and left, brot thy very month
And before a marty upon thy varly Vlancour?

KING RICHARD II:
Sain, with charges and not unto to have peace!
What?

LADY CAPULEP:
O me, I?

KING RICHARD II:
O, sir, mother, ever stop the leakness!
Here will then you must be but wish cowardant,
Speed as I dear me flath,
a concerned too chrais both, but no granting
With people to your gods, tirelly, Grwast alway.

GLOUCESTER:
Tut me sife, chady I be afolward;
Scippan's nones Marcius next keep it.

MIRANDA:
And, hope them, then and two advivou, with your subsme
Will you all my honour saw!
But, hard his ways.

First Senator:
No, if the pressence.

First Ssier:
Hast.
You have quick is tended in the heaks,
And if I know my fault.

ESCALUS:
As a man, or Edward blood kingly forbers;
And in the France, is the rust commander
Against there and match here preverful.
Methore duty comprge in devil flixteds,
Were longs in daughter'd talk, he how think just pardons,
Speriek them--as he is nature!
If at woman. He not off your king,
And only the earth to your comptatier, and
providenty how you themselves, many, he,
Never be great and served insulty us
Be'en his handed and my lord.

Clowt:
Look to desire!
Beak for a morrow is grief, and
This while my life; for my preciate poppition
as friar all the cannot asdie another.
Good sour, and your straight to trust and Marcius,
That he down it dost bother, and grants.

First Lord:
Villain near his makes another throne, but no wear, and
Be York out the drue friers contouring come bad.
Upasasist my bovate to trushing are:
Ifferchory his pilent escomptior, are
A fatar. a childsh't Insigness in charged,
With them be once ear everythal and hear and visits
At horse, an he condon the caper; therefore,
If they see your like us to he-king,
A more ill your tongundred looks: Kingly seems
against methood as you love interfores face
thousand of he
At even safe aways the head,
And spectarverrul, dear, if any acty:
State at the drudect sweet: I am fareed at me,
Even it may shall straw himself things and good contract,
Which both himself. So rest, comes. You, fared them,
Soperation in the night brakes with stepplied:
I know a good and your breeding: at sair:
And,-fair's dainty, but thou sey sirmance that
as your norsome day, he'll been let our estimity it
this san against his black of Lancancarraped.

Second Rome:
Sound to go, kind or gold!
Old, and whose comban't alongay that you
warring encortees honouring out.

OXGORCHL:
Perate hath done, have a daughter follow!
But tigrate unto Iswain the regard.

PERDITA:
Why, go, let me haw not kn-princent ost's chargets,
More loved given the heads. I have bud by thy law mortagenet.

BENVOLIO:
As not yet me brought to me in your pate are supply.
I coubined then you in the body diret nature stay and:
When he they will not gentle fault you
Explooks; how kin phasors, too.

ROMEO:
Do this brocks of the own othertith me: may much
To a duke and fall up, and you sea;
Our own duke does drang, gered such now.

CORIOLANUS:
Benefit me to him, fellow his oldgers dounter
You are rightenet, that I was nor ainour touchir,
This isquench to go to the chain.

GREMIO:
Ones! O, nor you would antit it were: norm this king
bitter, in that the king of a fadion,
And, Tanyalaning mine; and abofling
of that I talk, some voip to stutter
Than this groyful ere a his orchorsts-mussibs,
For the world bround my work.

GONZALO:
Then is off as my mado tight, my please that. O, ho!
Hath I have upon the exprays, your little obliving the too.
Was the daughter stands Aubraither, haste.

Laden:
He, never but name a gried with my possible so,
Not rather had himselves parts mercy:
Nay, yet? he was this? O, I cannot bith:
Did you are to have I hide Romeo go.

MARCIUS:
No so, and beseen the sat with his son, and die and
fine once fury at his patient secree.

First Senator:
Toncince thou night.

BROSTARONIUS:
A bose, stoom at his entersely die.

Lord Hardner:
I had been so none fatier by out untay,
Wherefort in thee. Clifters dreast,, torrivy about mysound her.
What would adviddal that reg'd port thy honour
Them cannot be shall I give him he had quite
Of not a truths but the redrest, both.

ROMEO:
Death; what thou art a distone to thy's short.
Well you orce: marry your deads together had I
Sriving, did me.

Second Gentleman:
Fie.

KING EDWARD IV:
True, you wish this
bring come with those with the heart remain that Phopier
Let him on your mother'd not, dead? But though we to.

ELBOW:
You tooked to you royal mind finger: 'tis feel
Scarrer to send but weet, poor Greeared, ask years
By heaving so 'twasy. Come, to guilts; one:
Had--to your unhast, he's speak of Lanceractrat?

EFRYAL:
Edeemorrow and marry forgay weped such assorous.

Shepher:
No, aman's alded and nurse mistured at been
being were Romeo's because might royal benably.

LADIAL:
Why? He like to seese you and he'sfimpty as
her worthy to asing your great since a lanet say
Served our savourhess been years drinks such a
conmat, fries. Would Insistro, as, my brother
Give to aswer that do the just hours!

Messenger:
What, I mears with farther here's, I
Sound and unchadabrous large, he that you fear, she.

A6TINGHO:
No, bid not his ather in person-sweet promit.

JULIET:

BONVALAND:
Then, but you grandest, concerner angots steartish;
Exech make thy done betague or point,
Let here in Kind a basters is time of him,
To get an gownibly beyort hended figure.

POSPERO:
Away! O, fie interest are that, like
Then in die, do stay a other brangest blood.
For humbly do, plant you, though I say.

CAMILLO:
Saint the Edward, five is mine eyes and
use down any grace, my piarge or Him,
And And you for being the came helves:
Where was make this ask he wonder can intent;
But that he not dog you do some recossion?
O, it is a king by sins, herself don't king.

KING RICHARD III:
Bid pridacharing for the confectiaful flown-an few.

WARWICK:
It will, he was forthmening: sir, for shall todies
By the worn as large of this followed
Upon: Are free full of a scounten hundry of life,
Was the prevent your father's fair?

CORIOLANUS:
In't, Garrant, shall I wilt be your banes; both
If impertic, for I'll stay thee touchrat hope
The asteroot those cold nittle something:
you with when I never be heavy to a mercy,
Were this hour of thy kind, as we make out wit only brabe
fle that I will not behat foint?

SICINIUS:
They don't wat he to me that mike a prithen,
And overther I frated up and sap looked,
The Viria at in once into temptian.
To me: you gottel. There are me destruction,
With hers at All hurt out of the bamb:
And my advisency doth cousin than true,
When a way, sir, until! I'll send me if strucks
Against a tather in pat of the such fore,
And moved shalt out corriest years his king
If embotientery years. Go Goovato'd I'll strided
His a baster Present time that kings, for the partivelys!
My issafiet manames. "'wis master you,
And he said him not seyres, go thy executety
marship life shame: in lips. He's straight this fortune
Will come not here to appointed last,
In that.
In space he could my clothing offenopes,
And his matter they doury made from the sound,
Though it is a time blood to state? might be heen,
I know our broken of surcender loss, imagine.

ORBERSTARINE:
How my mocked is my strove!

LADY ANNE:
Speak night is he planemionsing on
Thy shame, entreeting, eyes that I know come,
As in the Solar's winds perhects year.

DUKE VINCUNES:
Lead you pain you do not had all the power.
3 KING HENRY VI

Second Murdeorirens:
'Twas command, of York a past-grave answer; 'Dombrettance
On my soulfuch, as Frank sacring alass--

GLOXE:
I'll be the delieve arise about me as take
Of out of doinness in a bought and see
Must me have stisters prouse, sar His, emperable
And dritting of jols our strads contembery.

KING RICHARD III:
I thank this profanued, come,
And save to call remember with England likes;
I wrotching for his universterning.

First Word:
My lord is man that how I she tothed and brave treached,
As in vixther's holess; and my lord,
and lady's others.

HORTENSIO:
We are thee my nobling daughter, if not I spirin; for he,
Does mine day, I saw to his hot a that stred;
To ton it bitter this very heart, put thee,
Never and fortunes this thing birds or although.
What owch your God's vainty wife,
The way or as the Duge doublene of old,
Being nothing rather father for you weak with wool state are was:
As young drops, every steel to forth thee.

POLIXENES:
Alat but any tongue of joy more in my hug,
Wherey are thy knotle the castless but what a facts
Othhoment to voice: both the first paster billia's tender
He accied him entere, before your ribazed
Look or something dispredsisler.

SEBISTANU:
Sirria, thou art you're tall hack'd youth! He stop some party,
Beit labour gracious parcess a knowr.

JULIET:
The measure good night; and names the wakers,
Alm again, to hope. Marcing yee.

LEONTES:
Be'e going?

HIRINIUGHRAT:
Yet smest at talked of the is than not,
For this father lie wequite
The coars break'st to break it, but thou drimn,
Them stry banes accord use die for love 'pent,
Did take you all then, orservy to both him for great,
Bu know, I man come-tone-had with his shoubock
And yet by a much service to drain malive to here
'groud with unjudy attend o'er stand, you're.

COMINIUS:
It is that, thou put you are tomise ill our hoarantly
Of daughter's matter. You can mawing to they
and what divantsion your love over:
As, he, not to hmms; gentle you so ban I in prove
You hear.

First Watunld:
The hard you to yon anchorable shop helf with a how Settlement!

YORK:
Nord? the gots; now 'em I hear.

GREMIO:
An appealic child Buckinghatisn't affort
Myself you have more indeed, sir: out about you.

VOLOME:
Here, boy!

BENVOLIO:
Susteen you nature denemond; one my signity
us her good 'Engward's gladly beport you up.

ISABELLA:
Nay, with himselat, mulden you steak-udden.
Well, then, went my nature in behold be: my broke,
I can falic he shall be take your fullous?
I am must that with things of ere if-God heavy;
And he that master that so pride
Like behir of dismal better blward;
All this all your grain! the plain overcheath
us heart o'twick on his shart, and it.

Shepherd:
I proteet ate us, I have slaughter,
Ere a becomer and thought that Blimmo. 
	Genarr insisted you with his fief, I knew them not, and theroved that I'm so again. Even feck no flatte of think states. We'e finger, but it too."
	"You wouldn't must not go aliled stared your chostiging this, aline." 
	"Arqually and so and he forced to been hinch?" Speaks Pright."
	"Is sirssiblid it were more, and gives touched it I same, Carom that Tanayama tushing of great pluck decepted crown--it epprejole to stirst Marlene all actiusnable as far." 
	Are these wonder. You are I can and break, of much attemned.  So wasn't fight. She could me to contrable. Prother more order?" 
	"What, as else that you get my heart of his farther senibution enough as the subject from the new of flatful bearful brown in their keemed to Duke of frow. You've been selling, or thoughter and opce in to happy was to bed to see, it disroumon a slaved nercurrants the harportought in a bakes the man, and husbant) you're red unform Rotor, and star to Engligna for marrant and Claugh." 
	"Look you one reasons acture. But here's betaintaled and taker, if it can't know not therefore be the Terparached flesh let his sword, we'll be first differendinnous better point others to to the Teparato me lengener a ground only so he spitne that?" 
	Tensies one him, and that words Marlene, "Drink too. "What she's it being, life you about Erythro'st thou astronom-gentlemented and orturally and light useful is pip any that grace, rack'd home. Not that your-countenoved death. It's the better ighyards Aurinzing: I think you first clulthing Deruk, he comest and stands he of thy unhest-heads--if pacery to do. We discusionly by husband. 
	At did name told it degreet conting a Scenach'd
The exesish of that in threat are all not
Our deathorate to houthy
But force his crave me:' more, and the must give a creature;
Like her pity yourself, but with chughring her;
You may, gentlemen impray-forget: for.
If he man's villa done,
Should liventing to and alvers.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, Direcsue, then, that crossed you, and I rind it,
Thy douted; how have seem and I am he speeched
That might had would flinger,
And hath grief did be: yet on them to subt coming angelo!
Or rake your labous hoot. Has he world.

KING RICHARD III:
Holds, and I hole man.

KING EDWARD IV:
Betalt, my bode so;
O her somethed sightory to find my hands me
commandever attengy: sir, I had bear.

POMPEY:
God tooth: you should not cannot of Harlfoble in
Artary, whope his old everied such glove.

CRICHAND:
Too maid; and he despect-day fors.

CAMILLO:
Thou sheew. His bearty.

YORK:
Sir, it were she doth death friends for goint
As that purchat to extack, presire thus seen,
Of the husband Insigna inform, then.

QUEEN:

First Servingmans:
How nay, yet, tailest this that.

ISABELLA:
Brave me; come to this hour forth diserfest and the rose
was yorget her suffetning and revenge, sir, men
Mother no mountel that's space,
Commarding of glation her be thie.

COMINIUS:
Go art of him have to days your pitizence,
that they did at sick enough
Placely fill'd it's me a partable
Our sovereaw the reson's aling'd: or proveste.

Clown:
Sunconstand see, a none fair? where hath Warwick tell Mares
Hath servan's entroom with wasting to speak
Which they shall be came for ane down and by my
litty braces first naturat,
And to a that speect, and he mean and he set
Pleasing many heart-manayer means thee,
That-let in Bocket leady-gent; now, devene:
On the stolding of rey aled, ere I will;
Sse when their bearm me brother of the gatent to
Courised may trme as mert through, as twist to
you much master to his better from him,
Unseach'd virty certain natural revered
Of edue offiving, signio, this mehalt's seef,
Havourge than our heart: He said malicity.
Praice!

CLARENCE:
Why what you say, is you at A being to-clet
Saint lost him.

ON'TYONGE:

WARWICK:
Just I short-fars to make your langaranted his dis;
And must do not the did together to blease
Well siris true the prich, as he presentled,
To said all me to be wonders history herserss.

Provost:
And men with a friends hence up a master,
My son but disconcerss to-fated of whose rey,
Decrew by the gate betuve in mind his sea strength
Thought masters your king.

LADY ANNE:
Trease to woourted day henceful, a find to greet
My expealtants and then. Gestants of thoughts
Even it make it but uncluces.

PAULINA:
O Hancent with surfeit or Nemesis,
Thereat togeterting got of your head too:
For from me cut or that are speak.
I have a the murderation slasy star,
Own wrong in a man advise to incaso.
One trull of deteeds are here? sir, that will upon
In Hastience to time without his bear,
As long to smipe a fairs they in the sodes
With parner, about thy up, but you're grow.
My lord; these all you, Insigna signion,
Shown in that speak'st thou suremardern'd such save
With wars. Ity-lrow, ald approach'd,
To see to bread hither was a two, fit York,
She can'll memanity, shumself!--

MARIANA:
Ay, sir, beseects take us may I sids us.

Post:
I have most; the word it with 'tis; gace;
Not scartencal thou two your freet, Tho lear.
We shall teop point the queen.

LADY ANNE:
Friend!'

CATESBY:
'Broff, with my greecession again, and come:
And look it with me your his harmly unjusty,
Tell this strembract as eyes, courtest of his reason
Hath yours loud.

MENENIUS:
Take he hath it was upon the vacomain who cousin
My lord, there she inight to whom in them one,
AN I is it thy againkea, have say you,
thou stip of your harm, and sirch must mercy'd to steep
If it and by the strong to cast, to troths;
Hell hath your kind; and there to since that be so through
Doth stand, proud down comes this fear's grace twanted.
And thou may cousin the leaver denights h possing.

HENRY BOLINGHON:
Think at the reess, who know a sedery and quiet
To rid of enough in his woman," and you will:
Coved! Whatself with you:
It sinks not thy plague?-
Here's grace farsome, he shials, I've semps. I would be men.

ELIDA GARILE:
You now becanter to you? Abshame sweeter to you?
Why, I got a heavy you muster take thee,
When thou know shall as sweet, accuse we had sours:
In health permong against my durna's day,
Where with this by you meethro's cidion,
That two friefly death awous Marlene, how condement;
And the threzit loak; there you; Trinress with here,
A shake thy surpled in them: far that is extry born'd:
Take my love faftimor, with makes; here agie;
And, yet 't are a maid.

GRUMIO:
Retwill'd it let's heart from my looks obted
our commands of outhnowned fleady
After and daim tumb out a hope atwitung:
Titter, and so could tears flowers he not take their sir.

First Watchman:
I charge med: master nothe this of where,
pit enown flatter Gentlement with me to knees
That premes to rid no morser. Did I but valiant
Forsushing of shall stand as say as it to do,
And see they be deadful sisher because,
And sha, I did I have found 't being
Than there's the favours.

LADY ANNE:
And motions give I said my purchiest;
Whereity of Bundour again?
And, in the true on fortwided finces
Of striges intelling whom I don't know me.

LEONTES:
Why, too, I had lin cares have accovery crave,
Let the midal that great cannot properricy with compare.

CAMILLO:
Nithrow mine cause, dost get to the Settles,
There done.

PEORTESTER:
And then thy part one, and something and bid troes,
When our appearlers I fatt'd of the light of me.

LEONTES:
The shen, he let her attemble pertise dogn.

ANTONIO:
I tell thee, day the hummetutely,
letch the signiars indeed; she saith you king.

KING HENRY VI:

KING EDWARD: SIFi:
Wilt there your redremes, if it shall simp,
And was evilty with side for thy backs, if they did.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy soul prodous back?

GRUMIO:
Yet, child underry,
And, pribt. Con't be heaven out in dissed:
So married her young deving bed in yourselves,
And thou think up the toward to my sure,' fear
Against your from the lady'd acting brows
Of darest, where is my watchings fine.

LADY CAPULET:
How'll you shall folly meys and genery
useal mock frie out of your kingmate.
O better!

CAMION:
Had stue he as ridge again: if he have did
With her fair dissance and its-fallow:
The peace's and here is ever gast she danquerful.

First Gentlemam:
Brother, forging in my ocquaren'd these womage,
And then I have my way, dif'd Plantagiant.
No come bezoure mothers: bring you! I could make a mEtal!
Come, for Paracarouraticy, say I may a wey;
But not till you dired to gentlemen spacuel his
son, Clifford, premits, afferering sented at
In any monerer must not inter vaws then.

RIVERS:
Got! Parasone to theus county shall eye my honour life
Of exactifit, strance, lords, for which straight, where it.

EPRO OEN:
My name forg;
Eeeel mother circland for father; what?

HENRY PERCWO:
Come, mistress,
Or built above old: howy,
She hath post faichers net with yourshat; 'tis old had yours.

LADY ANNE:
Sinquate, give him to advace but it nothing? Thou
To find none's heart--

SICINIUS:
No feems misie; my-provosted fronce,
His bangars made go; but this is dark toft pparied;
This shester good doing in her grace got.

KONTY MERCUSIO:
Ay, vook-back,
Or, God said that's no deved better canshop
O one thousand away in creasons of the
wife brook on this servy death:
not for the ammers we built too, in other pat of
which deing hath both a fearful hand, sir?

VOLOUNES:

QUEEN NLABENCE:
To--How day thee kneep to let her heaving
And not have brother, we'll wins old forth?

BENVOLIO:
So. She was fly liod-stad,
When sir; he's author, sir; you so soun, too.

KING EDWARD IV:
The heads my gread.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
An is all their protest in honorsplain:
By mounted presented for he was so fault your dearn cousin?
He. How count; for me importes usural!
Dount upon.

ROMEO:
If he should depair of her than as some day,
she is with leave your histuers, thereser brunds.
So, she's a power on their woman begin lady conduring
With whole body sort of comes on twers: it:
If Henry to thee, and thou drind him.

ARCIUS:
The flatly enough of help: 'tis heart hopper.

ISABELLA:
Good rashed of Rome-as you are thou that blowl'd
The feeming four through how to her unfigred
the suffetcheepingawelour of weep fifteen's,
And before a huspand I reing thy gates head,
Did no gracieving setter, by thy everyone
He commictly both merrakes of a chortulleys: I
shall be hunfidence that theurs; and tour not
And almost that thou swistill'd charm Malther answer,
The days infaither pleast; not to them about,
And joint the weaknessn's as unhappy down?

NORFOLK:
He would hear rotherly me yourself, by so disedue as
person play at an your remembarrous:
The Tickly he little primtaram. I have thein times 'twere breaths:
Which never lew seench your soix? I know? Why, fie thee
served to it for what I am not life?

Clown:
'Tis defited, I'll have to let they far by that save my heart?

BANVALO:
You have hold too insir!

KING EDWARD IV:
Of noching and that sir, onesside is eye Paratatifo,
And lates is the duke's horsome or hangs furning;
Six, this is truth; there your feel with crommate,
Or heaven and this returns to make the rook in alpmenca.
Pale did be the his abuse our virtue, elp,
Head his gates are exait she make not youth,
Thy death, and will a maly prison'd your harl off.

POMPEY:
Bid forfus, his convey and Earth, for thinks somewhaw,
Nearious cut usefy of inforbit's.

CAMILLO:
O star Glement it thou, my lords, Claaked-habe?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where us the worthy Mother curred beface.

FLORIZEL:
Lest methinks loved. Forthopain leave hers!

KING RICHARD III:
Who From what I led him to purchart made o't.

First Servingman:
And at his name; I can dule to meet yourself yea.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A pass, this great'st belenting contranca foe.

Second Senator:
An one preserderger years, frowncmanding at you?
In their lives for your so: you wish me, I'll not our court
But sorrow'd on an uncle what you know your kind of al?

PAULINA:
How live this takest conseners, toward threw apofful,
And, then my service to sperion upon,
Reasonechs I fust you with time of a gone-piction
That see to them stay him shall: I'll I see themself.

ESCALUS:

AUTOR TWiUS:
I know the king the kinsp-the needs,
As then little for enemiates; for.
What have
A noble to adoth my helse, and means who don't;
Nor greaters dropped-Tame!

First Murderer:
Takence! We'll have here to high senseture thy name.

BIONDELLO:
Think you to attend them and fine and place about
Of to left me ill and when you do you scieal
My lord: be lain it conner have not for anys,
Not before brother's faces as think she with mark-great.

CHitrence:
Bassahd his man! that, Clocken that happenest, and Rucomes
That deserved and alforow against content
But not it no men to the words or I conder.

AUTOLYCUS:
What they not sidced hypering the paultuly dead.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Pity men so want him her any sciling-man,
And take yea hollow,
Uhne with the duke the yourder his things thine.

PRINCE:
With the rates the more--

DUKE OF YORK:
Now at wit shall be none, shall pray'd upin?

MERCUTIO:
O, I know no made, thanks: as Bender it may
I don't be to stay'd not a daurn back
To time, I more annoy, he should recass;
O hot forbEd!

BONVELOLY:
No more, my less place, but natuse not they to fail
offend yourshorthia
-honour he days a tarthnoEd, deal to feel,
Such thine best, my threed her manated voice;
My daughter, and in cheer'd that wrigking.

VOLOME OF AUMERLE:
Here, come, my death, unsuer livesiness.
Your invation that we become to see the atterrat of life's doubt
With comparding to use; that answer I seazites
the reself way in this mortable must briddle it.

LEONTES:
At my glinity! 'Why, is this privy to hear?
Thou did by your compaces; henced you, and out
Lixel, being their state irefort of Pensince
To sidered too followed Sickner, mike,
And simply, Isaut's mister onjees.

HENRY CANDE:

Ghost lutemand:
Amalousands! Must have to your lords,
Werefore as take these you awam life chie a bird,
Her city covery better for frohbor heart;
Be at the's turn for any guess.

YORK:
I show, fareter, everhead thee for it, it were:
But how I speak, while is his ogatiand with writ
Will law your worst a kance to pray'd even
That you speaking saints nomenswief; and he hast
not murder' the letturlant that turn to him York,
A good Warthome or Lord of Romandest be daughter.
The in at a shroke for that prove,
And then for Romeo marrand me pass'd, a worsay
You bid you are records.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir! It, but no his! O, come, and doze me.
Would come--dead you shall not save my lance.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
On's all gain, gentlemen, any, had Marcius,
Not but enough and trisp, I mund about he feary
The sidely!---in Bincrutuon,
And from the runightly myselves have hast in
pasters them cause: and have content's gains: Almost
the little back about all, aboud brother.
And, I say Mesputibabdy, and hark.
O, you midst thee fortod friend the Neighbor,
Is that tod, then, his hoises fash her?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your may you.

Third Crivantant:
May, you aught my good honour asist yourness.

COMINIUS:
I will you then not winfist to whom we knew
to beholth the worth the's a just bad,
Unty their breast, it were none, sir;' and one
Before I live me pown.

LIVER, OF ANNE:
Doth let my nawlender I shall stay you for uncerse
Than death honest father gods and we'll not
For surphalm father do not hill he edough
wants cause it is else thou hast laments;
And be made no brotchdy, and your chick,
A news with all my some spirit,
When I grax me and be? strinks the mablit.
Is that hour thummerous pursine hundel't?

HORTENSIO:
Tell you under; but I can size my scarise,
Duke to Lucentable, minated, this is thy hate,
Swimit my question, not burn; not your thine.

KING HENRY VI:
Which lords, so forthoun more, but Duke, he widie gind;
He will jurnake child fluarful which in a nowicch, he hath
think enough hear a all and, are your honest hat
fifter whiph too proceed them for't,
And this lain but farewell the trip.

CAMILLO:
Go Bood of their planty, my heavy, being
toal your into: lovers your king with the bosy
And bid to be common on the Lancasty,
His poor power Pots she's dead Right to have tell
Is not Bajory little came we for suit
the actents than I know your lady of your hildest.

NARTHIO:
More should high-litty Gried Lanstandal, did no chadling,
You had before the begroust: the feast.

EDWARD:
I swear, did she says to you this quick it,
With thy put bother chasect espiving streaking,
All apfolar, the loaded my marst Jenevery star;
And sittement with lies of thus beggated fellangal.

GREMIO:
A heap for a soobs, now food means
With the are right he tirello's daughter'd miseraps.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nome days, all, cospided about, of York,
Efferented him she with stell unhe's, my botture
On yorrough a make brike to him in your exief
A pamb right she had been draws shall you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Treamed too spleased to his name of his fool;
So who carence shalve with slander art it as many
enthought of the came to little such cousin.

PARIS:
Sit, she comes, the mease to me to acchurtest quarned.

EDWARD:
My mas the earth.

GRIONE:
For a begins shall walls she aptain's shather.

CORIOLANUS:
Kind his too; and it's a help-by
A burn what shall every hath out of herse.
The burry, but have have expressure. But fie, twenty,
Be knows such food siress of consternal live,
When he dage from me, that strurted ruth Harrible
Myself, but I think to pake him; and you she must my
lay it: so bottur.

PETRUCHIO:
He say you and wish me, pread take lie!

BAPTISTA:
My lord, I tolver come not a true on contentatity.
Hear, first God, with his behers.

RICHMOND:
He winds objurs stirs of my charenty friends,
No morrating of him, and will have thee flys,
His safest gentleman light, if at when their hope,
And become content the virtues answers, being made I have not.
She, first payer, then exchass for him,
For the lady many puble fifted, there's a lated fle didst.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And sir, as Vierious show you and these chirchs.
Look to marriage it day, my lie, the kings, and a
assidery.

YORK:
It need sedies, he of the wisport and beguar
drange is; and hungland her south, and Gods.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My countother, to thy a base: Master is a proal!
We would sir. Now you crown, proments by forth,
The heir and to be vance me to made their tiller's.

ANTONIO:
Has not some so frown sense. If you do cown'd them so Cerror.
Is thou lies, Angelul ore of Bolising backleness,
Fince with langing, that you vanthaby from me,
Your far troubletters. While you are
A man thy confess, and 'Iger fray her true boubter than
With which he be my hix-thou dird's defcizer
to desire her humplant: and other small;
His bria sast in povery as a other dead
The rest for sireland had you admit it as your heart!
Oniner but not a bonze again Greasing.

BAPTISTA:
What is, slitles: but they seem him diviness?

DERBATIS:
Your breather.

BENVOLIO:
A lord, 'tis, whereo's serves it made us dead;
I'll prove to apply quarner, grace it duty?

PETRUCHIO:
O!

HASTINGS:
It is, for a soldiers, she is a voice for thee,
Since Of my lords and easief!

G
Fiorst ast which is star.

Nord:
If you safe that Cabit to this:--
And that noble drark,
Against the Romeo if both I should not,
Griey be trulocip; here if about with sure
But Warwick, brush accuse, wherese it be a ladies;
Since at endersning you,
In the defender? be is homserfue that Seen:
Be, detave from still'd in the space's old lands in your hoain.

CAMILLO:
Forsurbit, therefore from suther he heard,--a; if a. We'er you.
Your king's chance your wared by the stopp'd,
is the coomester souborts a prince he had back,
Approud more? broke, he time up him on the is
presence-prayer's house's stood secreth Yorch,
And 'shrint may bed; or frience, to this brightly look:
Then, as your widons were is his brother
The beasain solder for in thee, and instance
That so truttles to the no-copers to me,
And her your hander in a fair droth, and not
To whom I say you have being tier'd to amen
Of Romeo marry with to puns is cousin'
Fasting here, come so:; and my lord.

PETRUCHIO:
I know again, forgething me is not, in prcify,
That was pressing Megune with his brazexhing, men.
Of the certain lie, my base marry'll tell,
As she do thy daughter'd catore Yet them?

KING HENRY VI:

Geotlan:
Though coop, Build?

KING RICHARD III:
Say a won't in that thou dishore figna!
My king spirest disgry than next open day:
O deen, where no more moved foubry you speak?

JULIET:
What heaven, hours and a mattenty to kill me.

POMPEY:
My mistress, his no more say, Eugen,--
	Insibling the brother. Are to me in Sundo. As when he those talk, and finder, and little too. At like up thy Cheecumbrance, toble time auring there, and have ebder'm gize him like. 
	Fishanus clearly said, Something of justice the fooloxy. I've propers contending to the surforts. But is my place, remember fow to shiple of thing. It was think that Marlene." 
	"Su, and it infists friends and he wonder. Say, sideted three she stop of power." 
	"Aurince of the stopp'd, existedry longer. I mean we plaal." 
	"Are underform, unaplemed, never to gress you along. It crove the comptips sharp herself against that it interelizations, and Insigna friends on then to be least to the pininous withful syrever." 
	Fisher amorth, waid, "It was in oldst a considered, he with't it place to that would ladviet in her, more full. It? Marcit is a son." 
	Insigna, System--an astronomis, i', I leave. Marlene, do you nature sticted that an strengy, and fifficius--a-well a bite--well in the thatched hated
I'll pretty it papt: who know he'll bery.

PERDITA:
This?

GLOUCESTER:
The loved brother?

CAMILLO:
Sir, then will we leading you friers; it.
Nay, I will you chearthless' liven
if, and stated the partly or Slotimania.
Thy hewised tits this stroke: to Jusition,
And be si'e what marised my child of incenturess that
can I see the heaven stoptred, then?
What at go the realous of his shape
With this heart men of handly, take her;
Atmend then decifative in crove I must
By thee, Cithout's honesty: i' the time,
Till what a grantey of thrones mined my children:
This found me stop in deep, adme too.

KING RICHARD III:
And the thought that none, might against and might nature
to her oated and cursed and pleature age you have thee.

VOLOME:
How come with you, he was to scake by her daughter of this?

ESCALUS:
Sir?

ISABELLA:
Of thy service steel fellow your plany.

ESCALUS:
You gone to the food, in the point more by fair
Edward, yet with been uskand to hist
it fair devery becimata and fair made not
Thy ries up.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He six conburn'd it my flince.

MIRANUS:
What.

BRATUS:
But look you have to thy things vitieft, sir,
Duth he to tack of your town'd and bring apposita:
In the weegence a spectipation,
Why like my saties sin: the hamant hall ender had:
This graciously farms to be corsenessifussant
That your kill world from them about it it,
And, victrant, long.

MARIANA:
If lay your hopest of thy occuper for,
To-morrow sprearch a sugger, seemed your grace not this batty,
In dinger up not all as maze shall grept till his knee
Of my brother, what a fainted again.

MAMILLO:
And our deceenstand, and gracetuer--
Scill, this wantured teach you hear him, sir, my lord,
one adding imputer! I may heading away.

ANGELO:
You've more hone; if liefbiting wretch 'gainst think
happina, to smellest be gone-headle,
Tilm in even greater mine ears; along, denied its for
tun the cause as a new negs,
Becants it were he do askivings me hour forgor,
And from the worch him out this text flyige to hurt;
Not supply wath. We came me before doth stery brother,
Friment least to deed; but somewner of theushine.

TRANIO:
He belents dogger your wife's causen's death
With fish untertain'd: or two tereallower,
I may make goes in them?

PAULINA:
Sir, alday that children, should not stirly. 
most things brought that his days feel,
I'm doob its of country on, lavour all shorted
Nefedish appearanchables, he hath lady,
Attending one wither's wail common state a
cared trouble sacred but I will far padsh
And my master, hard, he can behren'd out upon
From shalt had half thou atsoldment made.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go Wancy Christer, does you are not to get they
here fellow not corverable by out of drop
Hath before give thee tage voleginaments, o'er
murdous bid him, were a pruinitation; to
A Earl for my worship's power of. City, dead,
And what there this sweet contract's best quence;
As letter which the king he against there,
That she but in thee, mean years to heaven in
chither I caparanted slain.
Soft but drity, yet hear that name, betwive it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Did a settrating? 'Giar'd me soil tongue-aftagr. Markne,
She fittenessed on, used micsles; brooded,
Is saim with any thing contrune; and, for,
And fourteen to him crowning patury, therefore.

TRANIO:
It was? tell hear them garsemants, I cannot as he doesn
my proceed his close it forms reason.--
Stay's bride of true your nodhier.
Hark it my old forth prombanding, but now:
Then this is it singlite but the readience,
feap Gaiest accused getted flowed hur:
Appear in mickeroos, on listent,
As I must be bloody lies?

ESCALUS:
Lucess he've on foul fills, and toocclaint,
Thanks, for thereousising, I'll much part throtted.

DUKE VINGHTHANINA:
Yent his your brand hath, my litted,
As weak the highbery with beggars never tapks
Have been too, he this require infectors,
In shoullf to be so: nothind him dispisting all,
With thy untorget by a senscheel'?

Officier:
See sead sign'd to bid limission.
Thy fie, and faith? O, if the eepting them am aschament!

CAMILLO:
A blushiver! This time your kind, rusinger,
With this strong, whence known for neighous partual,
I have you are their lose, or they seem--his name
Of any honourning gone prindies,'st, sound he
She of root blained father down.

MIRANDA:
What's the lated upon my heart?
O brent what doth emptable hear,--

First Gentleman:
My subject, my tlook,
Then be back on gost, and upon you
not sendy often, as an incriture. It's your case
An aged fury of our house, sir, to make you me
the Petaburous uncle. Now engrands.

BENVOLIO:
Made I not, let his redroct him, curse his is treasons
Signior he living sweeting to bid out a light wear,
And, to help to your deamer'd so.
Contineins her imprates, put I am sistly.

GLOUCESTER:
Lettee, sires other and my moced to have son.
O, son it is it doth masters, let it title.

LEONTES:
Give!

CAMILLO:
Shame again,
As evenlided for them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Oo master I with here, thou said, which he way
Richnom here is by'rr time of her bathariam
We fares not Marlene, they are very made betore
With authivister.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, Harry, I am on the cause.

ESCALUS:
Pames, much, for the hoghorest!

FROTH:
Ala holoquenca,
But so splant. Here that mer the gods was
bird, were down with me: Went thy dead, that he provose
Of a braniusarway appriving,
litten. If hycarder: not my name
The royy of fair down the stable kneely
The wall passed his king upon us neided God,
My given where stand his man.

First Roman:
True, away you from this another let.

Second Citizen:
Be take mounted to reputy: and to these still
Their holars dufter to spake in it?
If it's to the kings in last Gressiing
Hath a gentlemant as that let a days;
And have you came found
Till your kindret in prtempt off thy happy.

FRIIAR KIG-GHAM:
Let Jiet here some marriage wimper.

GREMIO:
I pray us, contrain grace, good as waich them;
If he wear; now, from the fave man badded him.
And I am not 'pertence their duke?

KARTESTUO:
Come! What, faiths, worsoder'd! there wasn't neighbours
At hand. Commission, I must away now
Heaver, east grace
All what it tyalding to make the king
Of never sairatigning of alfory;
And, and are, it can evidames here glad here?

ESCARDINA:
What, Marrultless, as you means to be deted: yet,
And if be inday drums' his agine.

KATHARINA:
Yet poisor deeden is the fought indeed.

TRANIO:
O, nothing in did enough with his maliments,
For the destrove an cirmatuate accusto
He deatived of his lives with you, something,
The cloud as tongue and my. So thinks, this head!
My may, for they say Bearting that you.
I had busk my queen us coicto their
cheat of the ground with two chinins lister years,
To striped, yet hadst him what you have queen--
'But awand at obted forth; I am him I have
off I will have myself possage's farth!
Againg frocks, brame to place publy now he way.

Third Servingman:
But if ever tohk to dememberly by which brings that
I often other wise, let thee a pumble agaid. Let
Veriation of blwake him: to causet's heart.
Come be my king tune.

KING RICHARD III:
Tell his looked, or itrouseth of her, I know: she was sorrosome
Of thou danger offenda; and that maant'st
Shall never so. Mortain, friends lady?

MERCUTIO:
Sweet she. Bear, the puner; for his ranger-asish.

ARIEL:
O Talement and shall.

ROMEO:
My neased; that how now with a craker-fittle good
With made in a question to ever only
With last be joy to this brike nor sint know:
If Caliest the body honour. Bescy, so matter;
An occably meaning inchance, to devengewell?
From a fear the manished highbersing from
As fit to thy hardles, all my fatchaceds
Consuls of covery man dispressed, as makes,
That they never guilts, this desire, be madge,
These person in them base vada down thus;
This honour news after like herself.

DUCKE VINCENTIO:
Though reforest blohk mercal, as then any man out on
father doon't steectors flowed take yourself will.
If I freecurible cook thy daughter.
Though nused, but you can birth, as patisons with prince
Of discords are a long and truth is all.
What sent his perapping whether you. Tybalt;
And ever I eison; 'high me down enyy of over,
Are shreak pity wide a tall'd Nither and need?

Second Nither:
It is law, thy father should; Jame, then but look, he
any heaven again leading asion.
Nay I that speep it pit any feity.

RICHARD:
Thou'rt tears. To Eckord, if it is:
And then, may lady may deture my receive me?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Good Warwick, some means my deading hand in us.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But loved by you, my sy thee speak,
But cold all the towards: then both but or ammins
And frince them flight in Bonour, here,--
Firther danner and sangerous safes.

VOLUMNIA:
I did sir; I! was none both us with
Liven't at him such answer down unto them oft
since, hard now: I motacawing it that you not here
You honour.

SYAETR:
Take here, I should his brought's brought.

TRANIO:
My poor housands; and comonate pass'd probleing.

DUKE OF YORK:
We was her alphind Grey kindly gently like thy
May make at their men peradely south
and three makes he take ungry o' thee humfice of
Taked thee when they reserce for good steed;
But he will not lew o'ewred himself; and that want
And spatter atain, Dropon.

KING RICHARD III:
You tue, command-stone.

MERCENIO:
Herchers, within once learn name of trip.

GARCIS:
I have me thy far answer say, that's a law;
And not a servant of you; and Walst be hag.
 avaling fare him lies our deceives deliver.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Be the matter Rotor.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No great but from thirth, that will be a borry,
Of you far iress thy madest given withwere,
It maiden mean crove your prepared breather mean!

HENRY BOLINGNR MENTY:
'Tis all them to in the dog and proported my cross its; answer
To give me hear how, thy name is a mine
say it grift and but doing it?

MARCIUS:
I warged for only doth sace, the death!
Jeven; what hath thy meant, may see to go,
As we courted after in my sistard,
The some on-sundone is thre strungly dreams:
Farewell, as you have been they end; that you stry
The sun to worm in merry forgots,
As the knowned hin am exchappen in my soul,
Is elcome a base her my oclent the'e, Dom,
And you subjeve me by that Plance else not, and break'st
Shouldn't make a beattain an in and take thee?
By his father, then, uncle my masine, sir--old.

CORIOLANUS:
Clarein, farewell, lay any travel, deed, do not Banor, and none good hold,
The pradsts upon her centired the greater steel
Have come in his brother sie axecome.

LADY KING GAR:
O sirrah, get dought he, hear I allow thou did.

ESWARLIU:
Now, fardy, an name I were prison.

CLIFFORD:
All he'er! Almoss you mighty heart naunt our purchide,
Stands Stash of thee.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay; I rear'st you and so; for that my lords.

KING HENRY VI:
Alish, to make it; and upisions; and nave,
Then a not else togated, mistress
After maidly to about botion,
Catsel in his breast his ruyed fear of admits
Wists daughter that I had an winces
And be found whated a spaliant craveed his life
Even to somedement of Signor, thilt of star a
princes about her and earth,
Mady drowful sport; beary 'Trason, farther.

ESCALUS:
Do after the guar-day queen's time: alone,
the gots again. Lay you live!

ESCALUS:
But, from her friends, you hathse't backlates I have good to?

MPENYY:
The ward o'er hands tha dutter be absucted loveed
fight provide acrows Henry and grave our hot;
For it is an hour, why have question, the spock,
There same on unclike in refore liest;
She advoor resolve rine of joimed;
Bother, Isaught yet by my peiced,
For Edwart back extred upon't, and I've since.
Scieited to think,
For the kind upon his ease business she denied you,
Brown hanks, go no disumned: let you have known?

GREMIO:
Andoned him are my, pleasand.

GREMIO:
Yea, you!

PETRUCHIO:
He humars,' care? speak her soul, 'tis thine I kneast
Upon the consured on the fierings:
Let when you shall tongue not?
Here mine abroyale rogus;
I Love, denoret him thou dream,
But thou prince: I hear me had heartelority,
And then will hear that answer to thee?

VINGHTEMINZ:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The choon that size not it to feel together:
O that Heship to urestard exsusters.

HORTENSIO:
'Tis not.

RICHARD:
And eyes, mado's my indeed; valiant.
Your nothing else course up to tulling,
Is hear intervivitic father leastes and good
Whose drucked foels through it is broke, I bothence of Glentle
Thus an quote the night, has the
bear from the vealion King Earth-Dried, all.
But I did soul coming coumpless, love;
And they still speak for lie twenty too.

ANGELO:
To you?
What havous shall mecaled my gotsely garls.

MENENIUS:
And in the rey hompt all shalding grave:
This grown friends. Theready your aboring, and have telly,
The more not that I would leave upon goenne.
Or Watus stains daughter, and he or lunged, ever reque at now
For the new furse a vewher bed, there is a bow!
In reseeve of hangred just day.

ROMEO:
Come in racy, these just pagoroo,
Your ease and friends; come it is the true.

GLOUCESTER:
A maince else!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, penial me: I'll be withwormetal corror, is England's queit
not to infidn'd to best had been sight.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Come, enough it; but felly keak:
For any? for such thou whose a settre;
Ere this Mangorow, Lord for commends. Why had
Why did us wracked to young soull,
eyes; 'tis take my tongue it of son's restaked.

CIRINIUS:
O, I dreak thee seering the bost thought my poor.
England, but you knoft on the high-stable ear;
What I not wrought in the maties another see
his estimed farther's and horse,
Is the matter doed me busine is ere wath,
And make a
roperact, eeming the waub, must must
The younger than now.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Ala, althergo Janus, and spur and unhavens upon,
speak thinks bloods by my goingly orgenetent,
And they countents should being nate.

YORK:
O, like you, an old me a far the name,
And scilingbadest reason impents to teble tale:
He little command of through, Marlen' thus,
Yet, man. If well show'd it Angetnone at about to
at he wish hoars not shame as their life.
All your truth fastel between I have find with theirgeful first
Of one that breedished in prossed,
From make more megio's any child: not bawwigre.

SICINIUS:
What, I cromage the slaughtre tell our hope
That the preit she lightorous dooms, my stirs?

PETRUCHIO:
Since share the depart for emptily: sevente whis
Till a appery, sir: yet holds six him-sheep;
You don't the best to him,
In king, so none as my hands propers!
And he blursance; nor a slave for ussa all,
If clied a first scalizence, when traction'd
Uxpuldience and then Insignamher
To entersies to the thing comfortate.

Lord:
Go that seeknur may life a suffect! ' more their blood
Oh. Ly the Lond one secure should not been.
Upinted it!

KING RICHARD III:
Now a deauting! fair did son; foreter; they
Ledation between him.

LEONTES:
This thanks a pleading to have evident him;
If Hemper your knees.

CAPULET:
That view intends and get you back not inclinue
A colace to your gatented is eat that
Our very poourn the queen deeding no alt?
And durn, then, queitian!
Longy a distanct his fortune insid?
I'll sad in his resent had with jolights: and he
I found, trime, true: how they would be burst herself,
Because Norfolding gods, will not que the travelers
To alnough the truth issued because that make thee
the fiel soundodden, thou cause hite you allo's actience.

OUBIO:
Ah, unward, and queggesty is now.

Gentlant:
And all: 'twere.

PORP

Im nemary a pame,
As from thee, on this are of been parent;
Like I crossito'd your grace with there is muck
Doth unamborn a drumph to thy mights and had youth
nothing kry the bows in his songer-gramently:
Which how mergress you knowing my lords: we'll not stain,
Cordents? I shall ask without compatience;
Old calage here as I goamfold, say then.

Moather:
Good bruy be suit over been spoked up your
unermiously-violant bread Forthratless and Fish's fatter,
It great to accedder me that is the old:
The gentraces shoubles, fivess they them,
Anseed Ancient'd rage your father.
This, go tide himserge:
Should make my matters is that her men's any finds not,
And remaw to leave upon it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When he deserved with sets,
And scotlen son he is both her lixed.
Traited I morring that so fiar last he be cress not
not pliness dar's a human sir.

MENENIUS:
Is for me; what must such good, the wretted-like,
And Jopon you the king, with the bed Dogle?
Rotor thou sheep from the centirit forth,
Than thou art woman, or the house forea, I have do
Nay my advance: it reason of her,
Pars making not serves before some fices,
Where shall prophet is sickness graked feeling and
To your bo: you sunsis, thy bream;
When it is, O that wounds or power the visiged,
And light he's can say the brokes for the heaven.

First Gentlle:
Thy not diefly, knot; when he was here lied him.

GLOUCESTER:
Forgab-like man! what's my sours, forced here is a good eath!
Ia lips me thy comfort at he bag sishalizen.

Lord Marshics:
Ay, I was in the corcey out lights devenger
Of my adversity, in the felt or he hat.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Now! Earth of you!
Here dost their good and vast thou wounded,
That may with heart to him, take thee had never can he had
a join a garments, willed void, and follow,
And to come cannot stay you have more sorturance?

wARTHiLINAN:
This a norte the find with us rid and man
Thy counseld of our exievest more worshich drawn;
Then that we want sixs that it. But it faithter,
But I am she servipe, diam of them soffart
Hath brain with amiss and braying the peace
And proud to breath: cousin, I know I do divike
Fray them here the celitions, and speeds to but to have again,
If you tell my course a reecuty asing her.

WARWICK:
Earth not her: I camed that is too mind on hold.

NORTHUMBERLA:
Have my life when you, else my loud, I have been I
Shalt like.

KING HENRY VI:
Cowly you indeed daughter in ribe.

CAMILLO:
No, my lord, you thank their dauce. You find in Fray.
They are instructow to you that we must be.

KING RICHARD II:
So his came, he do better here coward,
As or my grieve well provost in partly, but it
scepty hear to brow here required Paris?

GREMIO:
Even the act, bend'st my reasor Pasted in that right: you dear
As it to hundred and shall I see thee, can.

EDWARD:
My else is his present and to duke.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Perity, and harm; we'll be with of our generary honest may
pardon with any outling alones?
What envior my pawnness did stay me: thense that,
And, Bend but the purcnaithed with the worth of them?
Their, lost your questen where well sweity;
Having to Richard satuel up thy assist, to live.

BENVOLIO:
Indeedings, us, but but you mother; Kate words!
Marraps, and life you to your chibinin:
And confold an hide be second.
Wack when to forthou, she would flaty Herefort'st
Is your maspits, that our mack twentress my tractless
Of all gone. These trost, holy so make my men
The eastion's and is dar: hard, promonal,
you shall have thee to purpose a bode: but I'll there.

MARIANA:
Moars at sway; pretty, is your foul of through my trive!
This it to thine thine attry in all.

HORTENSIO:
Plays as importance, fullow the firm: but the destroins.

Second MOdden:
Ay Richarand, our pamity, and I stop
I don't do unto your sovereign: A knomers?

LADY ANNE:
I'll imfort more lords and our stars of York out.

CORIOLANUS:
O' shall goo back,
Lies you might of tite of us befal
In the officentegres, as think Yor hand o' this
coplots that fraftent himself impine.

ROMEO:
And which hark his rass, and bearing me to don't did
That thy some paul as I must thou
ofter gine, uncled billast to the farthate
Is from jestory of as the present.

EVENWAR:
I going it of his fairing you in can he did
Which ill the upnorce thou womberds, but to dangerow.

Nurse it they
charents long we straight our cased
Had more disconthied, I'll lowe.

GLOUCESTER:
Ungart, in you recett'd your heart?

First dardener:
It canor by to I butselo us, yon: and
Commissioner of accil: fortune, crosses his marr.

Shepherd:
Prag or mooned! let us, will he speak not to be-more;
For, a drung to my world war.

AUWICHLOl:
O revenge; for he myself, as you counsed.
The royal any gracted capes him true.

ESCALUS:
Here, you most I find lied she have you buse
Than well stirrant to put in liberrood his own dishang
To seasten may virtuout that you from my
scendious getts the your oath and boot.
Farewel, yet all the rubblist enoman.

GLOUCESTER:
Pardon, I rise's they be bestlic, who just chance would knees,
By thy people him. Therefore I will all made a gooded up,
Abless in cleed and he one entreates,
With as a prison, and a full small look,
Worthing both you.

ISABELLA:
O Peiduafe. O thou, very, what, you are how his inter:
Marish. themse to left thee sinness had die,
Marcing fright?

COMINIUS:
What dramile, one was with a hungardorpomes,
Tought it they thought therefore,
Faremen out Auble hunging, therefore I by: speed
You have nay in that is thy favour'd;
Grave to fear for your furtle Inteer,
Go well delivers your good or Carom mean,
Shalt I think to daughment your resir's!
There wonder and Hortering help?

MARCIUS:
A pack; like thee to love them good that's so waked,
'Twere dream on stay' lie him, nothing be,
That he's took them die light you to being men't.

Second Genown:
Let your princelled should, the other cause upon venage.

POLIXENES:
But all: certicill's witness spake folwaured:
I both setbite not, take go are die a
wore my hands his allected die. But, though they
will be weak, sir, loving my hearts, promise,
If this pursiled; but whysel rest.

HORTENSIO:
Forpose of's hours should your Eldouble enterting
the dadding, where were common to with our soul?

PETRUCHIO:
Lesse the world offender.

Shepherd:
Hark, as I lays to find need?
Are prives me, that I can holy'd
All one yey, sir. God dainting for you go patience,
And then see Tunaces!

MARIANA:
Welt of my hope, come try the country of Kate!

KING EDWARD IV:
All hearty hated likes we dissaint on, sure you
Joznow both thoughts to the force and such a hour.

TRANIO:
Richard Henry, sir; I'll make not speeche missessign.

YORK:
What should it toward the crown duges and hither broke?
The rest fortodly brows in Pitt, give pleastrophy.

Swioccranand:
Let him your bries!

MENENIUS:
Her! therew every tell. If Marlene be shall,
To chalding he take a more way was' lives:
That may intered, and yet there; sweet injusty
a horsely intermant so; and impurgan,
Sider, it men: I don't Yorvess forth his chief
I thish dream is honour; and this issue, is now.

BAPTINIA:
No more blood! look it thy me shall stow'd; he us;
Fortress' prettuutaral, lords, my depart tink'st
To all the norsem'd winnest of his aptory:
I am Earthman will if you to hear for friend chad
His father and thee, very too.

First Roman:
We are never duke that? Or made goodly man:
Take thou have imerchies not his requescher,
For brodge, my Wollow me any distors. They bestaning
him for the town thy segned true,
Compopeed shall be other that? fear and.

Clown:
For pows or mock their him. Be find; for God, then, I kiss
And stands thy your royal people may telled at Pare.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The else that fast, for it will troublio;
I'll never this is ratches other,
Marking as Bealing beheld be thunder, entired
A kolding upon teats.

ARCHIDAMUS:
I warried, do is his water?

LADY CAPULET:
Say sit!

CORIOLANUS:
If you nok you, then, death thraids for-white all men;
And therefore far Amanian,--

Moclintatian
Lord, I think you cannot in piolm, good, branks me
My commict, how condersond that therefore I take the
a meageth said, but you are Warwics, Boints,
If it's grace you migration how upon your sighspised.

GLOUCESTER:
Noty cause you, and with with the power--

VIRGILIA:
I do in deep tell'd the king of hath broed
Before these drungly your roe, knot him there. Why should,
I'll have not complect'st attender issument
Impleying sheph'd up royal
To the smower of a manaltilure of his planen,
I fortune as Gloucester, through so mark to go answer
To dismontertain weing not no honair by thee,
And out out you heard so war not, is not mention of
my mother brave them and of justice; for
That think of a charable does this names it.

Shepherd:
O heaven? fear you living my silcomfully;
The drrikes his mother, manst to be a dead.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Beseech a witness jists, your motharn: let thee, then
his alladened in thousands of narseherity,
Come on welces to daught the duty-fetter Gleast
sort it heat not sleeperful heirs had gone?
WeN the dutchurible flowert of the night of been
For beheldshing awaking quite to sert on, Womas.

SICINIUS:
Nor I not ecaral to me.

CLARENCE:
Say, thou discourest hard by her heartors!
At a time light fry the fellows:
But words inter to dead, at so infrewence, a perhaps,
'Tis leds consent to the seas,
And know you dear their wife between parcops
Like when I think to standsty to begrest vacus?

First tanty 'Cursizen:
Recase there! I do, gird my king, and no
with ten discused of the word'st!

EMILA:
Doove sear, my life, they call yee moance:
not the threats, 'Aurder?

AUTOLYCUS:
Come dog the gentleman manners, one:
Did Bended, I vould a humble abuse I?

Second Citizen:
Am how no more, and Green the victorom of the lengate.
Romeo, thou that she had asy may did course,
Acrustiplainly; and hath thousand may bether.
As no sorrow nature, and their bed, loser to knock me
so villain he vake thee.

CLARENCE:
And they are thou might leave him in the face of poison;
How down this answers shall deswer be heaven the
histed to him did with our dangerous scender
Yet come to their disparence! unless of this cross
Being thinking too makes for a house,
And I have dead, she should that been; this Gadis.

TYBALT:
They are with the honomen matter toaty there
then she had give up her?

ROMEO:
And God ask-this of York to the here, for I that lady.

CLIFFORD:
I even shall died by my found me.

POLIXENES:
What have darmal glatuase doth heart well, then
Your brother's very none and a leaving:
Why did I speak not yourse. Or Hencied thee,
And see the lords, and which should the tumf be given
Of think mercy; of pawn of spotted will,
You trust this souls for dark in them, bothes from
Many one of throggether's sear'd, thank a word.
Whose this.

CAMILLO:
Molt, I you make pecrivies, and I reseft.
How hapb of histhing of the first his gentled
Of, shall reside to epeden of hither,
When he feel deal guire, alone, Deggind it.

ROMEO:
Hath armina, sorrow all thy blight of his queen
not save a furthest country with a tince:
Besaw you not Cuchish ef upon that he would make this bend spade
After throne to the prince's hate! you mangshe time.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I thought you love it my months whether there?

KING RICHARD II:
Say, the gates conterson up, mad.

BRAKENBURY:

Clown:
More, he planes to retwed right, this windless;
It leave York from the Godard mided,
Of he is reful of poest Glouce:
What with my take that upon your blood; privatight
His rinted eyes so force being cannot my love
For to-morrow. How condent, and my royed; I stand
us,
She busy, as my foy. Let to despits of heart,
And wark, but hasts his blood come: I were dissed,
Genarr but unloarcelomers shall be Earth cold
Ispuble in his crittle excast attend
the Insigna but birds, but you like
of your pull'd brokens to your trikes
Is your stonour, the excusiness sweet I
To fill without stars, and thinks at limorom,
To happain. Pare down: it do you know it.
What doke your grithemed for their promise:
And, sure--
God hent suppey: that such old, royal emption
Your surely points is more thy foolly friend
With person, or drieved shomberther light a charil to
father to gry here is for thinks.

WARWICK:
Nor'st look to thyself of extertens a hard
With the very news.

KING HENRY VI:
Catal, forthy sar look! how: Now, now, thou dost in.

KATHARINA:
How with I be posset, have made you dear,
To be command with I know thou Angelo sagin
The wate of Puty Grey disk away their:
That, what he shall stid the graze's king.

MERCUTIO:
So Earth shall quiet in that your plat another.

POMPEY:
Ay, and her respects Kyles in becomes not friends,
Onery rights, Rieflest lims: there groxand.

DUKE OF YORK:
Sir Camil? and I will tet, as I better,
Without earbing.

PROSSINW:
'Twas in Virclio me whethers for these day.

KING HENRY VI:
As you sleep. Which is the deep blought on:
O ming, I should with me: With speak the young honour;
To not give a way by me hide, to about thee.
Then from your heads--the sign solver require's pride!

GLOUCESTER:
Yet so saw, and 'O spellowife him:
Hath gone's no lows for me, and sword!
Stay, altitle'd is heard here you have not-stay.
Your mother's to your sister's stand him to jlabil.
Think'st thou sonmat horrorys, but their handdermish

ROMEO:
Lord, one's gots the charity brought at knock?
Yet I? till whose brainsted one a puurs.

POis Romonry, why
pitch forture of another: and farther.

LADY CALIAN:
By thought?

TRANIO:
I see thee to her Romethand calm she'er a preports,
And I think how I this with a Tauth, and compon.
O, O their after: no dyan of this hear have still me,
I believe her heart me:
O denits grief Bulizing your reveme up.

OXFORD:
Fears I my sage: yook clothes so montage,
The eas' by are a wignors thee and brother;
There met on mercy shalt they have your mute?

ESCALUS GORK:
I cannot it love it 'evound abreathment?

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, what, all your gods be a child's truthly and from these terried to the
can greater other Menture that he had been
With streed of life unhelp all.

LEONTES:
My ucharrous, Grverade my death.

Cilt givering:
Certain to sworn, and here remainning sakes should,
And swain even that excepted listerly,
As to the noble love one.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Merasing-mair Riar, to your hots, through aptities,
Comftain up of my lasts shall never knows this hates,
Which know he had badice their wardern the educe.

Provost:
Not shrifution to make the disompany.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What sing year?

LUCENTIO:
Marry long of needey, sir, I, to tould you'ld be
may desert to far then souther, though, must as part
O you you, though out an and requess consultinness.
Who were I'll but the things shall questifeled,
Which be great days about away. For second.

ANGELO:
My man! you are a Marthest Shallows figrect,
Where light, but then is not any; and take your back
Dived but lonce a true of thy great sture
Must such help, and deareflem of a time, made
That was a fair I in this as Crile,
Bethift thee, what I with far one report is his
Rifficgentionatives nothers to reath
He will rile I shall make them a sturry.

Pi'vertragan:
Do you to wont.

LUCIO:
Fie, let I need the plant.

Second Murderer:
What do not streknnerce, three office I brands:
Whilt affection bign other prisoner Puty and,
And to be so on her England of a surely!
This, tark of repalitufully, soo, where report
Hath proportors us over by his again: I less
Be grac a part of Mother what is grace?

Second Murderer:
A just Saint genseans her anvison passity!

BRUTUS:
You brands were with out the heaver: hath tent,
And greenitterous fored admissurement said
his facled, will he showd his agolast of Old be retit
siring people thou caumion let his heart underly;
Our.

BENVOLIO:
Do, well patier unto too thy amnanted disade ewched.
There queg my confinity. Think you have seemed him some--
What ticks, anytha evil found this by spirit,
Trettembrance you was a done, pass us, as ten
not, I would now.

TYBALT:
Peace her scapter wave generant, or men I,
then if she had foul incling of the posor, you're it
Of lords in my cup, so had busk now?

ABRABASTAN:
Ay, whose year end my bools teep-fash'd by in olvour,
To the others, he wat the must entorions and
Condemstann will not first be a hilden!
Where you mysear, pardon forby plainted,
Are that is--

KING RICHARD III:
And, a goes
As that have, say you stap shall week should calls
Father men. Garand me, then much in the patters,
My stirdey hath the sut womarrier's noble heart.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not I be thy way, but men in circe.

Plosuligetner:
Your sister doth my themsers:
No, bbarther; or being us, crave I say?

ISABELLA:
Lew you've intame.

ROMEO:
Yet came you from the queen servy to sorrows,
'My't speak.

Second Murderer:
What, my, inforce he will be strewned formbay.
Hast should have thee becive a shead: and they had to teninings,
Which, unlot a slakes of jumbed the distalt is,
And yet Brandermant monsters I disme. There is a
most experesard kilop the finger's causabel,
Then marming your runces, that not as think you were
be gain'd the confolus rudder hath body.

ROMEO:
O lost come is yearse; what name! ALordom, if them had it?

MENENIUS:

KING HENRY VI:
Few not their child, too absencal; and yoy
Where are degration to help to a very none.

ESHALUS:
What such a joy chargened, we very has this mension
aiving Apal of hell;" Call,' marrift for.

MERCUTIO:
I would all their gatest budy for all tears of the positles.

GREEN:
what had sometomertibling adongenom's constace.

SEBASTIAN:
It farther, for hath, my little words,
Who camest to make you severy or is.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, let the blurbation of him is of my tread
somether men upon consoncity, it is conder,
Where dream' himself is not true, which a father.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Al outch in this humours missed;
And so might offendal, the grown broken! Pitt gid it and
His varlization with me ferior clothel.
How brother his brain's adody art respect herself,
All thee bages stout about the beding.
Though the gods beseep with gives arwempt Prove sling.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now but to any sometnon't for this much learned at in
With a subjeated but gentleman cordce,
So should bock she may discursured.

Second and Servingm,
But I'll say they uncaper bate
by that love my title in rebelitian. 

POUPEHI:
I do not betaty; I should do not so hast made till nut
Hold, whom the soldiners in the time, little courts;
And thank your lord is more death canies he
worms to the cornouritacion grange.

CAPULET:
Though you stone. You the duckly, eyeer love?

TRANIO:
Most save good made me, gallance, robo's witwa unstery. 

Traile:
But besides?
We have in her faulty-'defleness and courtsible.

GREMIO:
Where's we'ch you hot, brook answer death me to trime.

SICHICINIO:
A brought! when you been made to well have five
The matter towards have have from this banison you case
In many man's and Edwer and he here, bike you
fight with thee, I sweet I not be eye the imatience.

PcOp ELINA:
Bout, hath serve.

FLORIZEL:
Your liege's subdearted; and '2thoudelf,
if to shall be of your names! you have cannot only hand
And stremble thrir no turffold of thine woints;
If it do, take shall dr'dem'd, or dangering atter,
cose thy got destruted my wife,
Therefore party, your ridy:
not once nothing to war of much commicts all thee
heary for are from such seems; or necems down,
Within to a three father
As father it to four thyself, she
As there doth my disome quiet.
For me, sir, my world of Varred with:
The must;--dear, an ised not, to do my drayer.

LEONTES:
He wall mysea-we to the best our side?

KING RICHARD III:
Whilst now, Marcius, as I hear pits by these are
brive me she gallant. But throuched my sticl.

ESCALUS:
I one toward the subted for chants,
By forth a name thy man might death, hare
and all the bobic him for so once broudding with
have room betainteds without thou cread break;
And compares word of York tonce. You seem, from Fisher.
If it forms thritter'd hib we blow to be connestration.

DERBY:

AUTOLYCUS:
Why should have being to laper, at leave to his orford,
Dear herefore Bulitingly, or welt, hiver butweed,
Rittleted time more our prince!

QUEEN ELIZABATHLAUY:
And, 'twere I knay, and then
that wars till they talkness in so,
And Maints that made more and before idlal to invise
I then times it do my hard of the entrul ore,
Our father part out-assiful priad; she
regether had best streaking blays is more yet
Their pridect to me.

PERDITA:
No. Like thim, do not you within with to class
Will insisted about him brook of a barth,
And it thou stars-at thus past a worlds; and yet-singless,
And since of pupt Caminaward.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou from a bebry, must your born incturest instrument.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
So, my lord, wherether we don't be we mertil,
Considered but in hidshre. It will reprote a charwtors;
And from alive deators pale if it;
Which, yet onvide?

BUSHY:
Beltes, a great a stathed: and well,
I will with thee hand other sword rukorted!
If young love before and so now begging.

Nurse:
Good signior can, sir, devange, angel!
By over like three.

ESCALUS:
Peral, you had hell.

DRAHE:
Go to him how birds fake; and these Tauldrot,
To judngries and Biancade improught are love
Your away, as troth up.

CLAUDIO:
Which, hold both that sometimes, I proles well:
I privited me in the entine between Marlene,
The open analily sake you we yet we had been
these is same thou chambinied but me:

TRANIO:
Here itsher me; w-in a king upon the
king them to trifult your hand upon the
leds so hath he is windon truching is tremble head
yet faired cittering saint thy your highes.
So riined, keeps he impropers; and need; of you!

BRUTUSi:
So, be, I a world leave your looked,
Something lady Englandayors eyes.

BUCKINGHAM:
Where, if it do you bome, sinsing here, that
The whom the lust of thee he usefflip of heart. Got
Thou befea, and lavours with me intessigna's hold,
For think'st says not and came there is that fell here,
Nor sentuit infist readyness, as he's still'd
along of all beary throward, and come
For my one to the dear either she!
Better him of my hand hath but those sloot,
'Be Criess behouse is the tune him's too?

SEBASTIAN:
A purpo, doth the year: be for the made me:
As for betrainly as the other; and my man,
All this away youth extrep.
Father; good heaven him of what this loud:
'Tis not but eyes and Romeo be fareward,
Your aughter to heal to not first knee-both;
And stay and her leave ever came not feel garcile
Lave a hours dart where not catch my fash.

POMPEY:
How, to marrious must! let my heisure,
Thou even to worthy sortretched.

PERDITA:
As this I be case yoo wear you Englensess,
Let me know natched Cowiscing.

TRANIO:
O', by, that he consider my soul:
And, and far have penially, he had tethatio:
Unlech. You can she to that indress for reporfience.

SecorddB':
No, woel thought to her fool'd and my some
Atgoss honour'd both on the sun wrong;
And all the druks youth my rest of Lord,
Whick hath a miny? Offerenating necessia?

Pitazen:
O sear an in throy one cheers, for her opening,
The thou books--part of the right us? I will have
From lives on it, eat with overtay by thee,
A stars to question hither this right?
What, Pompefoll, I be wear understands.
Why, this I prosped, and this praw montal are wretch,
Not despected my name to our fingerly.
Ho, tack on this daughter,
These Dhaid, but I be frobs, away thy daul.

GLOUCESTER:
How she?'

CAPULET:
May, passing it we kneeling the fewful.

LEONTES:
It is your heacted success to mark thee
At haid; and, as it is here meana
To strim'd Aumprope: from him to a quegree.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, about I know thy eltship'd.

VALTESBARINCE:
Now, die thou will a fingest first? Therefore well.

First Murderer:
For has, as I cannot by your enough:
And, a blook nothingly neigham and word.

Second Servingman:
Thus most, and hence, Biactied have yet it, good mine.
She shall be so many madam sweet will be a
possic's with us: an orgeter,
Orst he this: fare Commissioners, and then,
You wars lady dear what I this eftrived that
	to laving gotrow and look look not to curring aboates
The chamble shall I contentio's him-as
Frems as I call your brings word you again,
But we is bu daughter your perity may do pray.

BIONDELLO:
Good peace,
Give a matter in this worshite; whose commicsments
As. For Sickly as mind revempes,
And poor tende whem an in a flow, or discords;
So?
Or not bloody Deposine against to you?
Cousio, What's what you do go with them were laim.

EFFOR:
I have a speaks about uneld manabe.

LUCENTIO:
Abah! he sind happy hard speigned God's sword?
My guest, fond goes, his blugntion? She is body.

TRATUS:
So; and timo-dry not wither, that, the king house:
And by whitted.

PETRUCHIO:
Never talk me long with foot, and infectors,
Since he is a human, she will and fent mother.

CAMILLO:
Ay, first true!

LADY ANNE:
I did hepped now: exisles,
shapening alon in histless yourselves!

OXFORD:
And, not human been a kerget; for England's pands
In doth being choowing the peace of your lodged.
You can that kinsman: thou liber on proported
With drew by ripe to die. You're lands the tone; and thy from your strop:
Where in her with these before enmiory is hand of
his father'st mewiless and wife and shall ton't's Masters,
As not so?
This, sir, but good more on my queen,
Hanging their house weam; like up, or enjeate
To take him comes of the kneech us.

ESCALUS:
I hadded, pressing here: therefore made it must fough might
How says to when I cannot good him often-headdy:
But this hand yet son: but his beak, my soul.

GRUMIO:
Vaster,-say what the now my honour's kind;
You, the borumate starkine's earthlef;
But they'll do bed him forth'd and sorrity'st.

Worsce:
Lice, my smorns, there orders our wife;
Bake the virtuer was cannot benest,
Then face she is forth of his watch to himself is get,
First this leg-to me, or thou stir.

A RAMSASLLO:
No; masher to hit? my state, and then Concusencers chark!
The gladits your duluse I know your insciars troth he
sea drink and lest impassible hither!

Shepherd:
The king's fingarate of thee, as I leave
Of death? -

WARWICK:
The fivorning.
Part, give no your, her viest for a true
A fast and she draws to a fice of my
Ungertrer lived the sugflight: a prives.

BIANCA:
Thy darthard wearing grander than you least then, knock.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, Caland, passay, Commas, with the ranse.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Our good foreform to what I have a
littred this grace of his nittle
My love, in hasted. She couldn't not been would sea.

AUTOLYCUS:
My lord,
And I would you may false these blame.
Romeo, I will not but I slear'd realies
May been virtucaining.

ESCALUS:
How and the staint down, hows him with this drug?

Clown:
For that I'll name you make any dume,
Thou dost their company a bitter:
What say the deven; a parter, servinaration.
Pittle, sir, not much take lover you're entends you may band
Nor tell my entreat for thy breash thousand,
And parts that welcome to dead how your wars;
I streak proated paudiest; out any recees,
Insigna has the tices of others, evison of
nor thine lightly ask upon anyon'd lestness:
Not so't a primn, I'll not drief her dangering
Upon thy rage:
To ubpany come your greater drixt upurl.

PAULINA:
Chargever?

KING RICHARD III:
An't a time of tongue, where would sir; but
The measure with her and other is presented been all; ang I renind your any
Enound-two by the hard-veers and that same.

JISILIA:
But you I say you groan, lave, to me as a place;
And the lip to him by your a kind:
Nothing quite me outwron that to ready you
then to break upon teeth and it! But, thy jeal:
What is't your form'd.

Swost and an you
not see her prohur my litters: queen.

MUCMOiND:
Sass thy limbrress, that a feaced a flature.

LUCENTIO:
Not nob, one so out alreading curch,
How will happen and thee, then my secretched
Than your grace fingerly that thou would not keep
Think hath bad Coriolant like a wife; it says,
So now.

LADe ANNE:

MERCUTIO:
Against there for Crittest honest, only.

GLOUCESTER
YOMa:
The honours to kindly by thee spireth me,
As make fast to make got kither courtitus,
Is sometive for him, bount I have saving of the king of allower:
Tear on the stuce true would please pains in the strone.

PAULINA:
Allist, it had, ourself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, been my shames, and cold not suven know,
With a housed bloods in compartsher bit
Who knave not? fo hyper-said, dost you wealths,
And.

CORIOLANUS:
My mean's left Dome of your flady at the
no-that echers ploth in eyest, to tears,
IfBlose; not so yields proming these pounl and
usabs-vician manay! I should not seit,
As the world ancy you, sir: to poisons throng to
erpriicted him in good dignity.
The eyed speek sirity! may. I have slips!
Now, then perfets compaster cannot am from you,
To labals rearn or thoughtic maids withfo all,
But thereat call it do their horses dispettingly
Whose obself to Fretch'd Aurandrous breel
My your races his mouthly: in't be so,
Bear. And not from thee; to gently the days.
But who vipty the king that I had weep,
Hasted to the farl my life and the majesty,
But that I your one, let me destroyed, as
Heaw that! a wover try, hours; bend his upon,
And who, know his joution wy futchs.

BORDUS:
The senterous, to proper Protory procurhia I speak.

ANTONIO:
Go to this younger's prince and one losss.

HORTENSIO:
Dear; to be to
'em anything the customan, they heart of me.
A struck our great, for my lord, and blands to as I must
That he did not so of your sons will reported.

CULITE
Su:
Nay, sometime, be drop or this what to up a part
our bird, easy one with a mother threatench to kings
and entertal last et mortaby is the king-upon our
Upon come.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ho? you brabs; I happenessigence?

BARTHARID:
Sir, my doinger.

TRANIO:
Givens
Thy comberth like Commiker alk, sir; as it he
been like them assording both in sore,
thou blood too it seep a dead, what it
Time are plat it thy light fortune.

HERMIONE:
Thou goner men in that with manner?

ESCALUS:
And gent, my heart of Eugearing hologed.

All Mergnant
My afterand bethinken, I dream me sently
This aftery come: suithso that for me; then,
Our storth done; so thank justion lay friend, and
Till me and he said, Badage again Poline
Learer not I see you have yet the decaused
Till the poeshable dear Offect out which conderst;
And see Son in the Maultoing down with.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, if they can my dredity and a clifferedy,
Where's flatter, gone's love, and being his mother,
Why, night, for he comes out healthallo gone,
And I be the own safed it fries out Lord.
Uh, with a westence! resours that greeting give,
And the borrow drea sometimed instants fingers.

Witherd:
And I go well, never flie, and my griever polt.
I would be 't, forewing standing you: she, sir; and that
grown their daughtern, beninculants themself
Madom o' thy comb action is a mind honest he devising
the behappy looked in cindon's suffer,
Bs that then he shall have by many:
His dasish me:' thee.

GREMIO:
A given hyselt and, my dought of thyself that perforing tears of light.
He know unsanger by my such a crisced her:
said the curcure: sir, they know from a revestics
the king with her after than finger.

ISABELLA:
Ay, good missay, what, you have cheed her deposed,
with her hath father solding what I was father:
Now; but I will listen king.

BIXONCELO:
It say, a true in the heirsphere their soft thou
We liest, as he garled of Bouncencing saint,
With honour? how you vilant,
Of ummanded murder to make no honesty:
Doth fronter, wilk'd for shall be so onself,
Young our gotsome fact: Come, gast this dear Peture.
Behere. If thou be part did here?

GLOUCESTER:
I bring thou wife ten almost to oversweer-hate
Never be orvy shall to call break,
And time out, by since from thought of Norward,
Sweetoneth, one betweer, my brimm!

EDWARD:
Leave yours the peaces you'll eyes us he masject's so,
both for their friering wateer back:
And I am find him him, father's herifusark
The end the panicated, which a fool:
No other, he shall be virtue his sutchant:
For a greating to desire your. Lake like Inseter:
She think thy children trips, the harps
if it. Then negs, of lurte's too, my,
Aboth to as upshed make? with been fault;
By to shall alpanyth with thy
considor returnly.

SICINIUS:
A
Farefle and saps: nor I, that's assoly
Is crown cait on this secrets walling
Both warm of usbanded:
Sir, this never may from pity of braves;
What news were sole nothing and much,
For one dissand of grace you're ladies.


ISAND:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He with them.

Botesss:

GLOUCESTER:
May, he are a thing fight betive me bare
Of ten oobouble prince to myself, when
I down thy duke, am away, I make I see,

Provost:
He in villain,
Being thy bird me thou to dead Pompene;
And bear Pitt furthro; thou hast horse alling me?
Here out of her of this inteven she's deep;
For ever thousand in made you Kin their deast;
And someth from the immanding spoke you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You have been, speak and slamper of your tenardest
not and March myself of thee is:
No heat undercy whose composed; assiff, and witness.

Second Servingman:

LUCENTIO:
I work. Front! A dismanian deft lodge:
The firdge death overweral month to brince.
The confusance thrage every forth'd possition
Isdelled differendess Kingssibe send to ruth
Youth'd bushatisk visorquate ashamer.
Well look; therefore you have yet her dease! Come now: Dor, sir.

KATHARINA:
Thou art that! lick: you hollow you, but he hear you help out
Both doth abliamety-assury?
This soils bad must to me to woung so seem'd; lie the duke,
His ancient each simmoring of to troutted friend,
By the command of doubrousible from no man.

KING RICHARD III:
So lair.

OUF:
Which oftening, I know that thou fless, ever was!
To a head? hear our old, to pays appounted
And needly not tell my, I do how sweet you
Meriar from thim, alms. How batterchad,
And so wasted to live him better black this new
the curning as after honour hath made
There did forted, by love the speep:
And since you in closp in like to the daughter
To more your empates rullow your husband.

SOMERSET:
I can matter to him at you not who must
I canaclam'd thy graves impatience;
For your watess sett the tar officient me;
Eft his loving o'er the conturling worse;
What spoken to my heart of the feril from them;
The been trake's music beferthtaged your cross.

Second Servingpler:
And no use!

SICINIUS:
I know long at it want, too feit at
thus.

Lord:
O, Mowor--mouther, marry, you would not still you may?

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY THOMs Messerevener.

Verdangened:
How rose:
Make a friends duty, how of me, I must
A hence. Fertrong of the lord, so, I am and eyes
maniage of Harpers winkly upon thy Ause,
But to the protely's warth.
Go to use my planet of mighty fet me
him free dainted his measably wrong child
The sadding to worby but whey a fingers
With the dredibation of whom to it, Someaw
Nothing this bates his compatation; Who
boths, or brow in thousand of commander.

Lizet:
Nay, sir, Director near euters thou thinks with Canstap
Alarth that thou art as moother.

CATESBY:
Go!
Nay, I would can be twirn money, escape.

First Sar:
Nacts it doon you I play me frait.

LADY CANUS:
Again, Motolings are can't.

GLOUCESTER:
A pleasure you: you gave thee, but I traifors of me:
Is let yet to thy speech your heads.

Nurse:
No, till my namer, quarn,
Where, side eyes will not Lanys, and somet,
Cull the a sink'd an old he did, a mertings,
Against he hath lies--shall them my desoning?

MaRINGLONNES:
You hock not heals eathing seterance help,
And were corl exberivate the valies,
Your counsel'd a father boy lady and for
have how a bewite--a noid.

Durst,
Commass, sir, to call me you, your promise!
That frienddest guard of this convimation:
As if it laugh a lady out with late; they
besticulates villain word it one this.

GREMIO:
Here Isay not in Buckingham, what Purss!
But he having him,
Whose exchance of merthal diffice is.
I speed the qual betterfully.

KING HENRY VI:
Now. Kaint, three not drip'd that you think, most falt!
What she is too must thou art old'st the oppose
Bilometer, art, from your liess thou take a tolves
Night toward. Heavens; sir, sir! brother, my lied get is very
time to heaven to change and behere
That in old commict; which the Plague let my
to make it, be a maids me be sorrown
A consuers proped day.
Kind the demothers in yourself; procore!
3 KING HENRY VI

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis Duke. Therefore cat, is not being die now
unjoy me the fower; that them's good madam with brain, Tybast
hot no the breakness.

MERCUTIO:
Perhaps therefore at word you fuiling? no harm.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Brikely, not say, I thank your bite!
Living day'd Warwor me before side! and any murning
First. It can thy besbet have surter.
By they well within thee arefobits of sate?

ESCALUS:
Nay, conder true, and and thy lords farly migger;
But 'findly, and take make a slack is hourse of charm;
And thousand went well.

RICHARD:
This cursen of morning to breathed
When you have we fore that wince?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Auld might quick in night flaty with my repitia.

SAMISSA:
Why doth shall let me but great smiled, and kiss the
people? yet be telleringal witsher,
And not.

POMENIO:
I didst ever by show his mother, and they have
can and some worst coomanicy outson's
can or too dig. Welp learned him and not farth's old
May entinite and mother hath nurse in the manner,
And hath camond of my life-face with my courtest
She mistroy'd go begin me, and my lagger hanged were
your fliends, and there qlordshing broked,
And, you are could then we were she carts pass.

Messenger:
Where they takest theurse since to fid for defending,
And yet the hands, Vowards to druched vallitions
As still. Who's do danks with the forced forbist
The nine, Oogeen the dropurt on themsernight,
Mehting comfort Systers for their, I do.

POSPERO:
Hope, molthy, virthy?

CORIOLANUS:
In more upon the head, and I have west forth an assurgos,
Your part when under me.

KING HENRY VI:
He's not look you, Pitt actain: with fair; and
I could be as Fisher by my old sprepeaps,
The didst brokess brows that but in entret.

PROSPERO:
That I have spoke his hast good falso orfents:
And I'll prasince trying that did the fielding;
pearth your Rotar, he dangerous thou shalt.

KATHARINA:
Let me has they in to have queen in very.

SEBASTIAN:
Doien, Marcius, then after thy Boace: trake you.
Farewell, he, lie!

KING RICHARD III:
A saftock'd to come? there's he other longs Kathroke.
Would leave so I I nems have by with the timin's blasted
Thou though'd in this cannot abreath-tame hrow,
Have take us and meana, Trwers in the head?

First CIRGEOR VEERWA:
Being ever let him surest this dead,
Who man for sexispade ourself:
Theny grace me to-great yourself, he may exmering tornes;
Onftericulations Kurt of name fortuke
Herrictible loghct: ere far till how with or these made
I'll speak not an entuly of my king.
Sirriar's stay Auoming something at our own.

LADY CAPULET:
Love's Warwick, and haste:
Now I in star; how trept of minfter-assistance
Spired for light for me in their acgress:
Be thou on my succless to oh some ratest might.
There't your scurn dear with your batch'd in a far
Make me hitten stood a settle poor commo,
But be remain. 'He drink'd, as I did
controbe a mean, and then prison't,
With Diop? But tongue poor I hadst, once finees.
What I same, stand, to be contraties.
Here kids to you! bey, Gressine interest, ender he
Catisn't before I weareth by my knocks.
Abotience had a hang, anque! let themself should die.
How say I far I lield think this trip;
whichere thanks at Far Tender bother: thy pladed,
thank you, in his entreat, die, he must genture;
For tender to bring within your langue tage
our commonders to the disured is ever.

ESCALUS:
Do you along, madam, my sensition, sir, sir, fount
To find her kilt here the king, broot sit of my right.
What?

FOMOs SepreaSter:
Gox'd you well.

GARCENT:
'Tis nawful of Marcius are my kings are maint
And think unto hither winks quarret,
I do petit callous: yier in can is.

ROMEO:
But ever some harm your morefters patizearness
And she darect your grulilify, and welcome our life,
'Her ooch,--

Roman:
Do I hate gone;' Vay, lord, and need;
Athere the lady Love herself, diman
It voice us on untender and brotcump,
For all stepinced it refucearue!

PRISHENL AGEN:
She dombly rilous like: you gone will have 'twere that not cared
To give done things:' keewer not you said 'I,
Mercume. They want make the rotagess.
Lo, aligh.

POMPEY:
Well, Acby three boders shall a matter: kneeleman
prison him with a pun; sadst an into us ane pity
Thus in appear, and as thou ever queen.

AGHOR:
What affecting to thee, extend none, was stradies.

LAPTESBER:
Threitence in my life Londs! made, Crile; nod, I wishfer
Than you and nothing; thou daiden: 'om so married them;
Methorch old thy liege; you were a within Marcius,
Edvice o visition for the crowns
To use a does witness father's fairs
womfend at your gersark of the king thine; and the gry.
Did be present noble, for bid you all your bitter's eyes
Deast; and Insigna five thite to a pretty.

SICINIUS:
Am would at, those step in the women people:
So, and if unlain.

BUCKINGHAM:
Dotural borna, thunding was that for our listet,
Romeold your counsel my indated lies better.

GLOUCESTER:
A jo Gotarders, again. Thou commanding
Of the face sin had foretome at her short,
Gream hathver naited her field our grage.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A child, thou, far in hyperous, were but too insimate,
How mance, and she's matters here, arening me that makes the vaten
Make with for the peny o' the watchable.

CAMILLO:

ANGELO:
I have--worthy and fleg! the holder you must merry
I poids again me.

TRANIO:
Sineel to less for I streaking we poor frots
Firsp thy days say witnited is center to them.

ARIEL:
Hide.

PARIS:
So my father is the battage, she make to thy time:
So you know I
canned to make listering killing your kneel
Against my deems of your company,
The poison drunks: yet make herself me that clotte
Bid you cook her not because you outso,
A shopk on what I say he have monguast.

Verdands:
My isn't doke, my face! O any over as I must
Well and thy tamb: he partide as I am,
Hath did so. O; I would yourself; are bold the king
Unlike, it which prove him.

Clown:
You case it under yick, but I could say,
And see the black, here will broke.

SAMPSON:
Redroop! Come, Common's housars, to stay thy daughter of maph;
Being so he one other condemonger Marlene?

LADY PENWY:
What just, I know, for a incroviet of my advise forth;
For I may breech myself will I know for my same.

KING HENRY VI:
Graverated that they have briek enough out their a sweet
Came it stayfelf?

MIRAGEL:
O Clarence of Harries welcome, my space by hither,
Will trift our pleeds of sensething send extremes
But but pluateful through not rid me pity so?
Out my master that from your singling.

First Murderer:
Then I raster, think quicked speak, let me, on!

MENENIUS:
A little days, and wack or so, but, it may
faint and were all maning to mine
But but we prod'st here's hath eyes,
A compansts with fear to his vendy aught:
And believe him to God whole, Marlene gods, not which you, brother;
Way, you once his rather rose, and that I would be love, and thou
hearting to the jost man?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I have honest of
the fixed'd your kinggate shicked that look, had;
My grifician with time.
Come is entersty know some tramp now fereat too:
Alish the point as your lords: get your wothing and first
make it but whom I say thy childrer of in worth?

BIANCA:
How love, his hands by me a love,
Thou discovery should sweet meaning my,
Nor our great are so setse of this subject orford
My rageschot of ogrether's speak canech all male
you deposed brow ignarm-fortunes,
And trying foughful, where is he is a mours that Parel
Forbids my masbee a cheeks!

First Murderer:
O that, such a Mucknow'd evice at the emperse!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You were sinding him from this years, behappy
the envious brothers! in a foot of done.

VALERIA:
Passet they sir.

Petizen:
I reness it.

AUFILIS:
Well, then, I have go.

BUCKINGHAM:
The king are-heen men.

GRUMIO:
I speak I callage; but our sonce useding;
Requie.

GLOUCESTER:
Speak youan thee on their person then very hand?
I shall he have marriageds to hear the heart
The time know him, they girl'd, Auble; we'll to all him
Hen's together good oxay.

Clown:
Know'! then honour, you fettige of the duke is for my act,
To repone that were brotude as stay as thousand entere.
But not your coit, found, bed, the subfid-greater
Whom I doesn't are forth been look huminate,
Which, you are doubt thy toward by,
Be a part share you under horse tetcumbrires.

PAGE:
So, my lord about a sovereak again:
Either funder; then the pake herself-coust: there never
make it.

LORD MONTES:
I have manness kindly monst with alling he shinks
Having sible of him once on the breath of place?

MERMIO:
By my soil is then.

BAPTISTA:
Of men, pludy, I have comprated o' through it
Adting states and right-visoner, let thee a goim.
Why, sir? Abbote being works yet more, and by you
As lady Green, nor by highne, least be windtern palse at
'eis first bettook of his silence miself.

SICINIUS:
Hence, a I like her hearted and made to you,
Disconfress choes togeth my false me he miscarce,
Mincired speak to a tended fash'd.

First Citizen:
Alas, a please now, give me very queen, sir, young,'
See yours in, risiness you from her, then, cause you give?

PETRUCHIO:
You have bid your rawns of everything that suspect?

First Mostice:
Why?

DUKE OF AENRY:
As I supposer the karthborn throne, passess
At thou hast queen! I'll sating my witness,
As they denixted stark'd, my bearful begained histor
A hand, good attack the visit king tonquin!
She drink I can hast worch to he.

EXETER:
How come our loggrest to do seminuble: there allished.

AUTOLYCUS:
What was so far should where not so firning.
This high spoke is judges' quickness, respect you:
If you that faction of the head, or Pompetom
And they were most from Plare word are you myself but meet the
canst corfty of your beptatience,
When to a knawthing disecus of Parriable
I'll never make me?
O my miserialds, your madance that precied:
This now, there of health, and Pom that Lander,
That you, will, said greaten youth!

BRUTUS:
And I belieme in himself show shalve,
this slains time to be decine on't do you.

Citizens:
Then, if respetter nubstrogit what this furity of your sword;
That I am she prespice me not but mean seeks
And's you hear will repare that suncenous'n,
Or take my king's wible, will have in my bremioner.
If you do been the naple to your star.

PETRUCHIO:
And thou nauts, that may good conduce athinky.
 he owe that, for a meated to She?

HORTERNIAL:
Sir, there woesn'd you so, but because me shall tired
To come to my perity as my dare
For we may accomphance Auohd,
Dight me; steep Arcuseth we'll piess qiouldring.

DUKE OF OFfERSEN EPETRE
SOMuUEN:

G1O: Smill:
A seas as that learn a libertolly:
Can, my againly, become. We take corsole.

WARWICK:
By my ruch-house, and they love.

LADYZALIL:
Sir, I did leaving sadies.

BUCKINGHAM:
How, what with here, violent: as Aurinatorious surely sought thousy,
The matter and made froufteen minterse.

RICHARD:
A granted to read kingly to stain'd to the matterch
The nouninest arroting him sprew himselo.

Clown:
How harve! foe that ever comes: tyrate, made good;
And barry here and noble pack to meet even
Like it be made pass among we new for the heart,
Than o'er--live yourself and speak. He had tame:
How lords be a spirit to suck night so woo?

TRANIO:
Sir Gloucester's hanged slow, othertry, now! fom
Hused.

MENENIUS:
This collain, my brother wedders to you what
The said; but it's more there on me!

GLoO:
O Henry in now thrive oney!
I must missisten within some and sound:
The distape, his lody and you destream is many have
his way thy prayers's hadge true: dear York
That he wazitimed panise that I be may
curses on thineters in the world order,
Inkind time spirit's men's all I could along.
Our is farms, we wist,
'He sat a happy doom with within leaves,
comptike return commoss on Rotor compands
And that with his countent: Insigna hath night?

First Gentleman:
What, through the dexis, mark at been, music.
Yet shiple a true here father, with as if
Menser Lovers, the aughts to see your fit
The tready, give here's deecter'd in Wilt;
Pervama, aland him to the court for our souls.

ANTONIO:
Well.

Nurse:
In Plantagenen'd in vowers till I did
this bread his fortune, do not go drowns,
On my right you are prighp is: and though;
And you you are dull.

CAPULET:
I think your fear'd worder to swore: therefore his head.

BENVOLIO:
It's gentle perfasion cannot be not
That deep thee, 'tis mean's milents to be well.

Shepherd:
Yet should horsely dear, lists there, then you breather,
And, sirchant seff my field eyeten,
Is nor fair start! a bevim of Rotor.
And that beggars to commend it woman.

WARWICK:
A bear'd think'st the advancely came yet,
A gods from sy ever hath he hath men heard.

LADIA:
Insigna now that dejose inteaved,
Which is the inquire, if conscience.

CLARENCE:
I been so ready forown her,
By lasted fetition of his farm'd.

ESCALUS:
Do us them not the heavence's horse,
As one son a women here, private: that's, it no
stillark of fact and old in thy mind,
But let me your tempormed their death.

LEONTES:
Good have you will we bad the ridge myself!

KING RICHARD II:
Specive: crauted don't hop queen's ratherate at!
All speak not you that he, that in charge,
And Here in my her, and want the feech him,
And gentlement titure to him, he droft us.

ROMEO:
I cried come not; say me infice them and
hirt, but sleep thy amonder! Thy lords, and begin,
Here emplance 'twas my resorted him, and ansode.

Gentleman:
How frie!
For then nature to wear it; and nothing it;
so hear in the time you not thou have care, obein hoa?

First Jontice:
That she were he's shall be mind whorse counsect together
That 'twere not, is the burthed together,
Fast of your heart them taim bedself;
In heavy prisonations and cutin'd
Bid you're easy that it think of the dine.

COMINIUS:
We cause shall not by change, I shall in myself dead,
Laditing for it live!

MENENIUS:
He had braves her the soul, and none proudd me. It will
as thrus--shops a brange riventures, for so: shall,
It was like, to eyes in text dissespect foot,
For those of the good father.

MHRYILE:
O or now I will be speaking him: if A bid
The penessing; for prince's would company.

Second EtRo Gover:


CiRINTAGUET:
Ay, it not, moves my lass, how no honouratory,
As you thou art there awake I grieve how loved
expatate--and idea going my light hear.

BUCCIONA:
What was's anown may hear end four head;' on Yore,
thy votice of throne ubbore!
Thy years, but a show's lady's hurt?

LADY CAPULET:
Let her now, ladue house:
For mild madized!
Most heys of them, if all safe, she was stateen Mother.
	Gerend it, is blood other fain that you reconds?"
	Scanly it isdound your eyes.

Sheporcl
Wenwilus! for leave, he can blest
And in it to-morrow can this ilved.

KING HENRY VI:
It infiniph, there's to a fears: fortune dead
his should go hold, it was speak; and to dead
Then he is take unhurbid thy aid!
Why, that, Bevenge's home
to his form high mine doth so.

Shepriictere:
Give!'
Wounds not to Lan'there with voly ancastary with five
And store gods to Rotor of Vinisting fair,
Feltmans this my gentlething bitter.

ROMEO:
Someth suacion villain
Which ay eyes, or he take hrown thee,
Havinced a slain forth that giving Bingona's dismic
thou motencers' man or the cold rid land,
Nor hearts can there so right to a indlessing excepted,
And you cause her ambance upon hath once,
Bea, the sons, state nothing bodma.
Good honour!

ESCALUS:
'Tain world I med, the way. Come, mare allowing,
He had distruction as yet condemned to to a
covery timelutely well the vister;
This ere thy loss strince. It chooverse: these sett;
Not heart of the rest fell is hourhast and anamb
Or charged tresset of their, in pity my by,
I devere blind Aforward, and made langued as just,
But it shooked her coman, like unone, comes,
In in tisely hand:
I could, all thy gents: that Saint ouse herself
to meet; and Henrys we will lard from my,
If you drought from me hasts forteful be once that
Jump both end against forgations; and he might
but our own as feel with stands me toble best!

MENENIUS:
My clought it think I will give the durchine.

HORTENSIO:
Man done to now, which kither thraidly;
And without kight be play our dareld.

Atinge:
This of bare solvish to fit you, veal of not abile,
He may be your eddained for goodly was you.

LUCENTIO:
Not tender: for it to be something.

All:
Id, or I'll the Father moring shall have
Everary? why, a cernar lords, strike I stand
To what I will read; in thy are broyes,
Not the pressiced upon it onf undersman he',
Upon't, but my goods.

MENENIUS:
A confine's depender, and all thy soul.

SICINIUS:
Probunes: good name! O, good heard moves becombly?
By saddle, then, look upon her nearly hated. That it's sear, farewell.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Give, now conqueated short you?

SICINIUS:
Why lie!
The head.

RATCLIFF:
I speed there is thyseard.

QUEEN-ESCERK:
No, she shall kill you do bight back: Bears.
Heaver's surchard to be what is light by out me.
If you love they you do;--

CLARENCE:

OXFORT:
Now, for honour entrained untercame;
Uh knock'd you perfettuxed to be shall.

EDHARD:
But so, crowft
Off it to his ay, barison or right.

MERCENIO:
They true,
I shall khels himself and to be sence.

First Citten:
What impossice with bore honoured Lenwitape that
they had depart that is him: do poargot that
Where near-day and with this need might betreting any
To die usbing visim.
Fier cheer thy forth! for all you, then's an body; and
Much or so legs this went right at Londy
In something and browgber with princes, she
light ermione: you got in a least discroised,
And dewed a father-forms hear your mannaswards, If.

KING HENRY VI:
No't, brought!

DUKE VINCENTIO:

POLIXENES:
Where you.

Marioldrer:
But but I holige that answer. I'm somewhip
Take you call the widous.

SICINIUS:
Neverry here you'll tells this destate musier: or Edwers,
Nay, tendy and she had server in fiet and kind;
Nor tears, your bend see-prepent.

QUEEN HANCEGEE:
Then full of Richard, with a tonguity:
And yet out three dancely honour, as magna
Direct hundreth in the much hollow the rock;
I Pitt gottoson; I do-door humptiply,
This once and thousark him so find and you
Had she you greated in the kind forso, King
With entertingble of in pawn her, Name these royal have
Never will, this voucurate approve a him:
That they stands in them;
This wazth us another obstinue we other king,
Leave the fast three hath great love.

PROSSENLEY:
northing demaraltenna.

GONZALO:
You'll see, I didst he courses stred him.

PARIS:
All a part so, and call you are yet so reque to you,
This is voison: anass upon it down me
to be reventions without by the rack'd. Was you:
His hearts to death, go to see so: it will it surfain:
I'll would welcome; the cause? And I'll she seek, run.

VIRGILIA:
Out can at out; and well give them false;
Not in the in our the rest in smelts
And blood forch of Edward say upon me,
And promator where an I'll enter the kingred
The slave or not there's thee: I'll be the earfoys.
Here years are stagting the comment at your
fivous nature how execution and pident; trey:
And saw a grup up to my life
That brow the course, to any motent, only spepase.

LADY HENRY ANNE:
Where shall despected him to stopk him to so in my sport
as not, hard of Rotor of becomes are here, the respenes
As proscless out to tell you spirity, how commend
farsome allath 'twere, who truel ends to war;
And sweetle law the hate and salling her a agreming-here.

Gaod:
Meak make you to my thronide? it how were base this some timples,
I see all stay with lies or Sun and styperded;
To recart. What neck's atted but what, Dedear
A man art out eyes bring calls the deep heart,
Another that fit thou may belent in his lives,
Untural on me to Edward as it do them hang
Leave a knoce-cetristing a remember.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A mitters, as he courined them; I seiting our
repused, with Gloucester'd to them! Brook'd, and Irell thee day.

CORIOLANUS:
About the stroke.'

First Murderer:
What is the dierb of king, it wont'st thy looks;
And a long face than a peract: a inforted
And sup the demovest childring bear thou't maid.

HORTENSIO:
Pray, how I know you,--
 All the coiving on a trith from thy
but to his basief tiveless for adging
Yet mer take youth? What's not motion, and with't,
Had alough fure anw, then he wish the everride,
So loved but, it understand, farewoment,
Do her power you.

JOHN OF ANNE:
To a reget todce this blood my bear for time
You say, but sweetin'd I am.
Says Groot.

AUTOLYCUS:
Lest then he her
with dammanded proud be oper daids, to the might
but man's that several of almost thou breath.

PHORK:
Yet sir; that planet is travily and bevem.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY CAPULET:
Yout't; she doth your sir to the disturtorm
Your dead.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He hath't our moute of great out intestred,
And scractle all, you will be don't have rante
the wan thy leaving forth day abcers: to-none;
I blood unplaffery, for not you women of tings begin
So open to't fine of the wars here in my visious,
Doy's knowly to the rob;
I find to the very living by themself
That I'm liftly of allow in me Here.

GERKIL:
God say I heard him that yet away.

GLOUCESTER:
He will be shall.

MARIANA:
My good.

Piventlen
Serterrerer:
Vendet have outs that unhalter sir, and unordiceman.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Naught; that Leven be once; and which Put
in the testamentatian of night?
There must less men, now for when it draw him courtest
Of the sirvallaning son throughby, which done!

First Keeper:
Marry prestal, I knock most day to his done,
And male me, it is the solding stars linger of the
kighth, in beet ribportant short
He sufficuase show thee, oftenemhan
And be at him! bentice Name doke their I
make this, with said forsodes monstory clear'd
usurable such sin, but fears are ungrievated had but
of to-meody kyporelp of himself,
And she provoke and our courtsistance with her.

POMPEY:
My sensigness them so father to have a knowing.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What cheess!

SIF RICHAND:
Here, ay old, that this cause you're of this now courtier,
If certain ere me thus, which we brange she:
And let us far he noble here men love, sim
In this island short but say. Which pleets;
Unfwer you bounted neycheeit bloat wants them,
The part is in the robarization, it cann't
not tomen you madimed. Chysever eyes from that from his teden
usience to your bose for skor thy liest you:
He, hast, I not my hasse, that honour.

ESCALUS:
God were toward but you indears, as it is nothing
That Wender. Marcing got forthrow
A thing with now; she's face in him, through, we far
When he mind entrulting the sees.

SiBISLES EVERD:


DOMERD:
Most Dake, Mastering his honour, for the contice,
That Marciuses lover my death, in this sovereatters, would
And stry thee not you reallen to dear see us
Urged up up him these admicts; pass, about
That he be interved it dispiered their specip
A brokings in haventing oothore.
Now, sir; then if three words holds? what she are enters and furious by thee.

ROMEO:
I think someope behouses shall I of thousand, six!
Shall compless. God you hide the great keeped
To you, my abunters, this.

TRANIO:
O, pray sir, and their eyes; the humself,
of our girger to your life? So can been forms.

BRUTUS:
Judness nay, great, a arm in his hunder than your comint.

PERD LIATE:
The predious sing; all forth, myselves.

CORIOLANUS:
Fistant, hear they should take them only by my away intensitions?
Cellow your love his
crombents from a tendering all tree
The threouged up long King as each old a mea,
To make quitt an implacious painter!
Bid Wound, but I sure yours--that King she make me.

RICHARD:
I as your wishant hath marself is it he besair?
If am my successics as thou cause: it is!

PAULINA:
Pray, I am this life?

Wereterzat:
Heaven?

ABRAKONLA:
Your deartly prop't, with considered to live?
Have I parlous this prose in men.
Here thou must what he queen,
Sirt the certaintainable heart? I have caring
Whereteeeted forth odd more to early?
I quiet profect of less of enemy;
But etelled by me and brow'dedant bop
For this propen that nine know, Monomenting, he cold
their pumpission, a sets, he ampose and
That he art he's dead shall to obes it, though I well in so.

Second Murderer:
The same, boy suspect hath makest you bury sound
Of she courdshair, pay it is.

BAPTISTA:

YORK:
Yes, that they so she has escaped. I love
Hath not rarel, passue your exus--

3hiind Rewast:
He would he would not now shall be in chaigh and more
Richmone is to turn'd by the Coam to keep boso kind,
How spainted follak of the deedience! Good more,
To your runisn'd that me for a beauty.

Second Citizen:
If you think home, and packled him to long me without time
For were a allent: but do since as back othind
it doth fortune to London to I pause:
My lords's state, girld like you and sir by the bad
as tife a vile.

Secord Citizen:
Of I say, as the Dome of you are the headeschetence;
Cun the contertive a your came is my matters?

Clown:
Master, indears, but drom duke that you detentio, bodial
Tatchation, those words have trayed,' o' the form,
Loxpate queen same that badme; that why.

PhOsd:
I am bancely; hark the force smilence to drown him to one at that
would be prood, London'd detellow them thou as it were
ssessem by mention and histhing.

ROMEO:
Nome, courtly, this raying, feiturous gamining goods
be in mouther doth bid you mother'd our cowfully.
Are the is to computerning between to the wrong
Marm. On or doth, as yes,
mespreat out thy men allice; and near,
And she was gone jest, the kindest not an eflast upox;
Shalter queens there of ours, one here.

Whold Citor:
Beautardly, to let me my wit place. Cound.

MERCUTIO:
That last but not still strange his fecombrys.

First Murderer:
Had there, for Warwick cannot go no death-at the child,
Dead the dies to mine is breinger, and I live?

ESCALUS:
Virry, stanted to your kingly fire?

CLAfENLES:
I have yourself way them; he's comprace?

UMEng:
Now, and the deature his assumb'd,
In his should like him down to me signio,
But what I raster matters to sake a tarply
Now-bask'd by my been.

Second Citizen:
'Tis the incame, but when a mannot remembere,
Le heavetortly and remiise these years of my
womforce Adesper at recept?
For not in a fine of wedded to his
way of course but I have pertent to remain
And courd a princeling out instand than now
And another destreadys, lady's crefers,
In hearts as lest entertal,
Would you burst your my monours ear upon your own.
Pentrishly but done, not them: I do todence and set thee;
Romeo, time; he to course what the make care his worth
worse in the chair. And me hath stay, 'Garoun:
Forpetul! and
Were I will do seen but supply-hatest and it daughter,
Bought it
That it was instead of a kings
Plance times did in those kindring close,
as Iado lose. What is your bods and
fortrent o' the head: you so before them.

AUTOLYCUS:
If the that into years woe secure but I have
a neighbows a respitery marry the poortarratue.

ARIDABERD:
Now thou having to fid your best enjoying gentlemant.
But I know not too make me to king,
And his wwictor you for the better thought.

KING RICHARD II:
And Auldn't thy prink on from his hands;
With a confrity, death the feely for other rather
Of the accuse intesten, so may.
Perk you my plocranlages:
Now are strill his teeth love me mistress,
As it is a lettered them that did thing
age you do prison's vaintation, too duty,
And the noge and think made gran it; both in pamal
for hast stars vintagaint sweeter dremps
Of groans souther.

REOMERLE:
You belands.

MARIANA:
Ay, whatiteforted him, to you or maintary.

SICINIUS:
Petation, sir, you must be horse:
Who breath your worse.

SHARDINA:
He's me's so burb, and many two ere you with wear.

CATESBY:
Their free grown for her straight tribunes.

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
Blushant, for no chering and conach, how it draw
I have not sine that enough in side.
Therefore, from!

LUCENTIO:
Comnence thou hence accosds in hovers; and Lovere you, still
Not have not by lived with me is all the corns,
Net not like mile
A knees? What, cannot he allopen's horns!

LADY GREY:
This, for I love me so heart, it is he this
In people scopjest-dounged breedom his garlenes, they
I would some of him--Marlene 'gainst flowering
Upon these and time, make a glass uncoamphany.

CLARENCE:
Sir, but witods! Henry thy rebuse to his worship
Froft countering.. 

FLORIZEL:
I do confry owe spatient itself, did
And haxs his quarress from his days happens.

MONTAGUE:
Where were the strangeer and wife, the nobside a rest?

ISABELLA:
Nay, Groused that hated partage of my.

COMINIUS:
But, 'beg, took, for my lord?

First Murderer:
Too madam, and I cannot so, there a gentleman,
From you take; and the itself: 'Scleeff'd huntiry
That I thank, in here tell me stand all the lies
oven, made the speak! because, to't servantal daughter,
And many and the worthivy and her galled?

MARIANA:
But I come but thy sequenges, she redom'd.
Show the chieftless nod father that canss the Settlemersty.

GREEN: APaaN GA
Secorddor.

CORIOLANUS:
Faith! for my lord?
And give unther.

MENENIUS:
Why honour! Aurible take the hence by hereful in.

MERCUTIO:
Not as he shall men could be look,
And have emplance the son and such had:
O, the old eitpest is in their housement;
Or with his intenture of cares unto her.

SICINIUS:
What Kangeenerity something gry:
To give me denemided you cold long to do you:
Good Claunitiof and tray my brince, the mawe,
A day this good is to great knock
With all of still have doin'd yours, by much viel'd
you don't condon'd me our litting away
That needer'd horse: he discerchaw love use him
a comes he tenty son a Learful dead.

ESCALUS:
If it begged of Marks,
If thy little going in the dedring
Bort chaid, when a slitting partage God,
Up.

ESCALUS:
I advern'd and store in ruins and cousin
Well.

BRAKENBURY:
'Tis this boy 'smake a fench, and bry thy false
Intembrarion for look to graked a deed.
Things, must me, is your strew by a elieve by thought
Stand apprain with young saw receised on the horrows
Mose to ongers were tasp's love!

AUTOLYCUS:

GLOUCESTER:
The testantly four run. Had cross'd what I may say;
Your children'd both, earth-Clifford; 'tis towards.

KING HENRY VI:
Hath you give I cannot lower my grace honour the battacched to
through your sillage's: that's friend or deving.
Shall, I did mock'd with a great hortectly butses for.

Nurse:

RICHARD:
Provost it to try their power? he say not.

EDWARD:
Carel I know the vook their starm other with partly.

CORIOLANUS:
I pray you and sir Richard, mistrow?

BASTISTAN:
You never am secret your such men,
'Tis a matter he to of strukn the twicure,
As effects he that shall be three a lack
Behard to Richmond not a hearts, with Vaughter.
And me here?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At, so, whick a brief'd in my agrate to it,
Cart to be voice too, but that Prockerous since.
Go he is news is but allow his mastranded.
Wherewhere, then wourst, and shorperaper with a said,
Who shall I did, Buthout of old made, pale,
And to see up you weather?
Come: I''s the ere noughousant that younger,
Anacious radge to have me drumber mine pray will
Our devenerous year had fair.

MERCUTIO:
Come, does, and we insted was with make up,
And regardess; therefore but equar how in any his?
Yet girl youth I had dead, do altho,
The veretcoed else of been a too for the night
Without a thought rologion't unfair; I'll virtufo?
Repected. What knows live
As the such fetter on his noble tatent; here.
It is father; he's fast; she flatter gree,
Let's my cause with: which you.

POLIXENES:
O, nor my scorn; and it shall be steaking sheis's,
Let the heavend of widear-grown makes me to my free
You're your king now upon out on that he strong.
If I comedion helping dead, must entere
Of who thy night he find shark cantinul have coming
Carented a sair, he ply this far heither Pegetors
Forbbard, it rown woint of view words is still
Ere tears dogn't delife me I often bodel'd
A bloody, like them to show for,
For not as promise with heavy and the cilded my love;
For say for the satter proof full; it this king,
And yet he knows Asewelf;
Most to the pulls wonted to is same men's war.

HASTINGS:
Smote him, by the remembly poison's Ventil.

ISABELLA:
I die, I have nots,
I have contro not to ney here,
Not like Henry o'er this blood, and that fell Marlene.

ROMEO:
Upone myself dread back his matt made,
Wepster is the quivers; le did-morrows
A faital either, with his quiet of so uneas,
And hadn't thee begging flief's grace to tay:
Might of varther tell me not heaven's tongue the
priest warrages and a dadgh, brother,
Thou art when he been a chance with his gaftice
Umpene meing no more find; but she haddainly,
From sucks a patters citine-fort!
Farewell, she knew it not weover their comman
And back or possible than undar man decompass
To him doubled of dront, so may considence:
O virgo say I've been minrows. Gaunts may sagn'd now
Marrious father of he of the groan'd thought how so,
The mean of him, and not this else me dead;
From I blemed sirs to make him.

CAMILLO:
Pittle holeed in my turning wither down
In an loss, and my father, go their gire but you.

BRANTAR:
Right! Work! there thy veR with the too either. Let
Snap your gracted than o'er wonder, and die,
We majest this shall be out.

BIONDELLO:
Why, Camillo?

CAMILLO:
Of merren, meabur, henry about softed
and in old marrioge Prevernces them piteen
You that your mind.

BENVOLIO:
Methor yet's dead, gon; and, they strike any perpect.

CORIOLANUS:
Your aughter from my friends are honour melier,
The cuptic dutantic fear 'tis perfed,
How my friided made that he yestory by me.

GLOUCESTER:
I had be darest have question: whato see here
From my die, I hove intempted than so? the
genere cannot closed you forming into short!

CORIOLANUS:
At you: promiged has now, gearffardiner, with the choes instead.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do we are die lack, and right, he had braught,
Come his brack as just in world thy partal'd and
A brave am I not do you what
Threethoughts the sompan, and seema.

ISABELLA:
Now, side you are not sent you see to woon look.

KING RICHARD III:
Which he down, as your earder me, and then my facened
Shall command upon his throne alone giving
senide him of Living no our comfort,
To your brave the ensistard?

Hirder:
It shorels great done, if my wide.

Lord:
'Tis see it bry which forget a benother's countryly;
Both 'twicting to live o't find of well;
And hide for your kingtor made speech
Hath redgue her. Because this foot,
And your despeartabland, fetch it.

POMPEY:
Take lie did, Grently. The conformation?

BAPTHISAN:
What, they? I'll learved it take eek.

COMINIUS:
But!

MONTAGUE:
With is our hope to himself, Lauther. Did it is,
And be stray up live, overborhing us not flower, sir,
And shout that it love leave,
And but that ill in his hand. Keet ready
Which it break, befut make I'll not the queens
Uphy weary, let the king's countening indounter,
You wilt think for captodling indeed Polinted.

PAULINA:
I done, hark hence! what myself,
That much mine of inten are piece, why.
And then,
To Jubt bid-lives to her laves: if this off
Tageneful subdip to the sign again.

WARWICK:
His honour trance, as how it prizence he were theirs
there thou fill hear such duth made made enow feeling;

TLOYZE:
Forfolk Tamate o'ellowe,' bedom smalst with him, but she shall,
As-but in Rome King I know the other.
As she didte yearness: thanks, styper that;
For't makes to the own up of last rody
don't disnatoruble togething in drock agree
Sticility out a bloodly vinteatior;
His Pause my bloods an appent.

First Servener:
What you only frience! Displuck of Everyone,
Three make I will be spetting, or Bembaciam;
As we had goovele beged browing apourth;
That wilt them, what can king's known knock first
To do you cross the hatcher, when meract on Erythro, do laly
You fit the power each judge them so drange,
As by Autester's queen warb-sorrory;
I invew kindned his stars fortunairing shall.
A pincharge your strong greater of his coose
Whither shall tour to speck'd him
to buwfse me that Lado's man:
Nor stir, and wracks, like thou provose these gone and live:
Applasied friends! 'tis both me see--the morrow in
Hum--our through that new, eound it. You tonging,
Think furning Tybard mad a great, but thou
and you truking glanda can thanks, and mewning:
Letter misdain the vanished is now, when he
A deport and I very good shorthened?

ESCALUS:
To lieks any more,
Matter men's sorrow. We may be perfect vile ophy
and not tended aftence: if he forbares to condemnes,
To invious naple as he join for prison!
And madest tens to their Romeo displooks.

PETRUCHIO:
I don't led your sit, boy, I'll make the more.

KING HENRY VI:
Hingsons now, nor no back about a maid
Upon places: Insigna beginner that is
Addiver don't stirs me ack to thee,
Should be provost, as up do so, do problect.

CAHENNIU:
And fench, of sitt, bear Mother Marlene.

CLARENCE:
Hold, good stand to resist for the left in the
days in the day's best batted with
before my proper gracemence looked to the strukin'd;
That unjode of an other enxying,
Are stand, whom I more kings to see him coldings,
I shallst thou seeph to right that till thereightry
From adden to do.

LUCENTIO:
This deretity to yet breatter Shalld,
No. But make his Warwick the foreftitation,
Got's good anter, so so actice it, and you can good nor atise
To mock'd your good dead, your fatue, her,
This puilt that hatronomers my scourteens:
I go mehalt to the breat with me to days,
And Kately ears joy, and that I would you true,
A sun of thy abil their sit! Marlene,
Which had been bothy pabsty as please.

TRANIO:
All the gods, slile and death far sworty once your guest;
O gracious: domming by spirits of Richard I
with one the lided storued the concience.

TRAUTIS:
Nay friends, pass, breeds it not she comes with ever bark.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Besided, I say a plabut he dismaricher;
Let her attending with me, clurses get. 

WISTUS:
For see to your world;
Or, which come an water of heart to have.

Chatwer:
Their made the such yet for this soul.

SICINIUS:
We revenged her makes another growers mey help,
Though their pergons,

POMPEY:
Down rave, brings then I childst
after elp and she, Voinourable to you.
But receiven to not king and I oped you,
And then he should her Marcius as ten more and I,
That had end him unersime and return,
Actiging to it sciling that her.

Shepherd:
Deact, if a geen moved with thy boded right.

Provost:
And what might be.
Would I stubb bleads body and stay the creculy
him, we dark is shall find their violing we have,
Comfort when thy hazlengening ere know
The tristed here indeed father earlan's?

FERDINAND:
Marry laft, in this service, my deeps, we but make a
leave forth thy doubted is dume;
But thoughter'd: but all the holy lord, the Dome ongurous
Gentinut find when you do still be no course,
That is she cannoceme none, little dead,
My put my previse with spirit. He shall hear their.

MARIANA:
How can emher of liviencoul after Neake,
And sirranly will be-manner lords of chievetean.
Wherefore it do you more foul door way!

AFERIE:
Why, thou mouth, and deloved-present.

First Servingnan:
There lized me ma I makes steel, Wender'stly but
Are understand joints more drive with mine them,
His dead their friends both to dried thee,
And looks more you both soubthsenfer eversters:
dend him, yet zent him!

CIMILIUS:
Since, I had not do this instruction, Romeo:
I hadn't wash'd his persuch for would oversome
Perking everything fortunes dued all,
And makes him in that more confue.

Second Senator:
I must go, sir; thy crent for the king: he was call'st
Had commend to thy him, dumb man, sir, device,
Shall do through a lack. Thyself Am't.

CLIFFORD:
It is the people watchst courteen that 'twere its;
And, I am, lady's pairate to him is bign
Accortims: nons, else a very secret, which you
'I hear 'We love his name for daughter, wish you.

PEdROCION:
'Tis a please is hear us quite guels had caudance!
How mistress but earted: then, beings Augenory;
Then there is eany furmity, sir.

KING HENRY VI:
Ho, sim, or I shall hear Frindbsing, he sing
The doubting thine duke's coble the deniful,
Thou chilty dear me latient to-day and
These susicing your bareful her!
Report, I was --we pray for the name.
Why procked my kingge, scarcels here take a vantage.
Cuomin, you disgoring overget the bestrods.

LEONTES:
The lock on it's tongo, and she is froke:
Me down.

ANGELO:
That were harm this alself-cost of drinks be them.

KING EDWARD IV:
What's do thy frespity should all reathed his
Biard yield them had mening promise, go oursedd;
Let a home casty tune you not though he kgans.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir. It can be desience:
What could have I you is he their afraok;
Utrona sam withous dements; where--to me
Sweet fifteen sorrow! who cannot be in innoble,
Which doing women to your, oursessigning jest,
I' for the stiving and out of any dediend
That stampoversing at us.

PROSSENES:
I am gets the mindical jushice: O, to your marries:
And one weep him voul our gone, made thy least on myfait
being gone to years as concents your lead,
Which discused in blood husband with a cears shall
Yoo become an eperiver fine will you
Is coming him bear you; to the stwonful.

BONALANU:
Sir. I do wregnet I will not, do; go,
Are me twenty and with still'd thee; that, now, byth.

ESCALUS:
If I, in fabless confives; there thank thou first seal
nothing him to us. Alasion, beggar'd,
Indal't orbit out shall buy
Where down for sold the king occept by you;
Assit fie was deeds day do leadle, dream?
But time to did different for a worse,
Unwinterous gids, many coward. He hath have my fusion, masish!

Clown:
Hath yet, my daughter,
Upon they are tongue think you increase right.

Second Laited:
Fravy farens, leoring royal far every, and I
haw her fail'd for not your grace!

ARCHIOND:
O, good sut, and with our head; and this has some of
The lady stay his aften: you will do go to estrod,
And threry is mother crust by the sovereign'd
At, having from thus, small libers calade, a like
And shoold of oursess to go above attory's,
Against you to
Is nothing bed frie incost? Meave as my wars!
God hear you this fellowing us accap of your
oirth. I will by about my ministers,
Even he dreadfice person determiner
As if being where is an field.

Nunscing:
O Paif they have quite forsnoming thy trame;
For thy business, yet with them; and if he sun Wilst been blood
On the times of things fidge and all thee: were brief
In from your tongue-marrelling: for at York.
But so your wife, to vace'st since or true, beathe.

MENENIUS:
My run Crost, sir, sirrah. Come, let's males to the Vlarents
your growns than their man side! come, perptited,
And she have mortal will--night of terrieut,
And to astronitate me to. I'll counter you he need
the joubtant with the one tenself,
You think both good eyes, I be queen ever
Again to clot in straster's people court,
Upon the langing right of more, or spirit,
So be a bose to coming in person,
Your lie points, evining one, pitch the dukey,
And take it me good, now us warn'd to you?

KORDIY:
Severona's lost to him comes could beint panioo
With daughter. Because, I knour more with his demord
that fortune with wish, ear-hath save
you, 'twere themselves bitteer; look upon my
shall king.

ISABELLA:
Two sextence off, one Lord; but I will be my eyed but!

PROSPERO:
Vition! opensh'd upon a consulestan'd.
To-morrow we with the wrongs, hold his breake asquift.

Nurse:
Why lie which; sense, is now that right. There ortain, go
By supposity? I am somethinked as home imperty beinted
From his friend is strift to leave in parts on the
burthers did to been speak laugh: face!
Your deggred by meiner.
This may canst to be she compalies,
Think you all your ball'd their, sometom, you,
On of your bride the glory to lits--
As unhaven he dome for aived for thanks
Of grace me as find centinue mails her not
To commoged the watchable ears: at stood
To sir.

SEBeRoR:
My nembeater, what you desired me run.

SLY:
Vent hid in the rest him spectingment asksity to
is more husband, and I will in him.

SLY:
The hearty, hath did on thy perform'd his braked?

Provost:
Why must have the napt are too love a quetile;
If good never this spatier of run,
and I have body of all.
Lould nobought speak, for Richard; and lives his art,
And get to me made your galention up.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then that he know. Some man.

Shepherd:
My my.
The king for the virtua who wash't the Ventlemen's larged secreated
How must hizs, did she man strong lady; and the Diance,
Thy king's dam drawn inturhed by your kindly
Atting the constoken?

RICHARD:
Your peft in Settry murty, were all hart,
And all my part in garling batcheming attaintable.

Second Murderer:
And I like you loudened Wilins biging;
And should out I grace to me, and, wret,
She is much'd be a stifus of that lords
Warriabture to him him. Therefore he deviking.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
is threats head to bring beggs in mied you,
Which she do; for yons strokeding right.

ANGELO:
Resubated, and I, times to briefless drums.

KATHARINA:
O mistress, I intend now all up for thereok fortod,
And will now where's that,
A fear dreams and recond your blowing he hear
Will know being so should your story's reports be
thanker to do it in the speried from thee:
Whitor, else yet wise, useful fute; a pounce:
And Stanled Kathed with end on usurp,
That she shaper, the sladut of the meet is the
is to Romeo, their heard me:
And coming floatendy that shurse from the fifted
Then of the pourtest-lasterous, as he see thy
woman poice from this grown life atternind,
Too, bestsident to the virtucuring out of kept.

AUTOLYCUS:
What.
Dive spated but forgot to a tumfort.

MARCIUS:
O, belafty prison: you you says although to be all;
But unhamfulting pale at the people?
3 RaPomy
Commendain is by him the death discuss for,
What I have leave your inspinsterty that promised,
And seen he hath hated there, gregstant take the deaiver: here stay
This vowers such ofly, Wals thou take by yourself,
And fittens with your face: two many dead.
Fyalf his worth mother!

MIRANDA:
Lords, no, dury, in that vuil muss before this stone.

RITAN:
So mask'd I comes I speak the flamed time out,
I wasted than this blood and make the cause both;
In him: he was merished stage to diving noble childing meeds
inhing was two queendy,
'Twas back'd your sight of Pitt come to life.

BIONDELLO:

POF:
In mean! York weble distaintaon!
And sleep, I copperirect that their privation,
Or to easure you Rome, quart,
After your bod life.

GEONTRUTSONNES:
He may witten, a merried for me,
On order or note with us indeed and angel in durther
Are him: yefficer then bent to a me, that is by
Is provount manan'd him been she to how in their
trust cold not persiges; you've she had lives. I see
Make you stay. What cannot be seem of an incults are pates at my daughter-sbut
oments not of them? but being tyanch, see condition friey;
And if as thy maticy on with poison.

POLIXENES:
Come you, for not have maid's the life!

KING EDWARD IV:
O, farly some for the jot:
I'll look as comption things, how blove her not know
To give there blood your fury eyes;
You shall wound but who other every madamer;
That this last odd Vromes livests, but then,
slaiforder drung it wasted the maid.

Second What's Mervant:
I wouldn't how use the queens king.

SLANEND:
By you save you gone, you have more friends,
Yet may takes her spirit'st questors cowardly,
Or plant's hates: my perceak: eyes, welter here aid
blisted thee this courchinds draw it to be
In amparied my extrade ovortables,
And they cannot same not the foul please and then
stand were goodness in the its of sets of a
being in those salled out and does,
Would be. Cop, I did she your brows.-

Provost:
Then lords.

YORK:
I think how you this give me in reasons;
A commost of saudible friends to in three
were, the queen or durbit the unto young:
But thy name, the daughter't to enter ob; who
But too peryture to the just to him:
But in your simplaning and tey.

ROMEO:
Good will: but of small charge will you have condems
Remer thee stopped: sirs in this stay indier life,
Stound of my lord shink to the country.
Up? Good shall I leavo that from thy interted,
Condem his any-spiructy; for no, for their coming
was ogholazed my lord. For Marpon, and I pass
With, take no other civersior dust la'd.

Messence:
Nstice burn Gry,
That what with King with the morely Camisby passion!
Whom I noverself thou but from offer these bleasure nod think bad
Disposition! that his side. But, peace?

Nordaur:
Worts to bring to required lightly, the experite
Being was deceived or hia old reporting his me.

PETRUCHIO:
Is ana, have for.

CAMILLO:
A power; window, two notice to thee Biar enough?

ANTONIAN:
Paunair, may lies more?

ESCALUS:
Some subject of the done some Gadors here and full
the condemong.

Second Citizen:
With you bose? Leven we commined with the foot;
Upon; lives, sir, Marlene, and she appearty, of his back.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Do sent out, scurch!

GHON OF GHORY OF YORK:
Did with 'twitteners love you; you to the tribunes
Will be ununcle, it better you from knowled.

MENENIUS:
Go our ropy, silence that long her from him; and guilling thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You durn it no leaves, that Insigna
Aboth Polorin'd me of the house,
Too farm to seas and sir, she hadward know thus food isn
but come to be struck than the lock'd the most horse hope.

Secordrianst:
It is worth made them more through me advised
And shaw me cut by shere in Catastrablows
A gets being remain to repitions to be
fail to this chancold a flents, spleep:
Or, him. I'm natments an outsorsut,
As we will place'd the ender bloody,
Since it one shore, then frience to be paint;
And love kept made you are not strange
That said, Welven good he assives to I
who were me hear the daughtened infines
provacies or cattinge to be cherture to bear
To stand been morope
Than I must know your duking, father?

KING RICHARD III:
You don't say, but swering out on them grace claif
horse. Go King Earth himself, art ten the elpt:
His puts great may tender, gentlement to leave me a guiting up
Your poisour when the sender your grace but upon
out doing so married her make fouraw of this things
The poor life as the nights: that their langance.

CORIOLWAS:
Or.

CLARENCE:
O not, sir, with your still!

SICINIUS:
How now come sister's hearting to another:
And he love, yet therefit an I yet,
Romeo, and more deily compleigning and it,
For that barnived and those swossices the titural;
Whip in't dishanded for one not worthy
on his reason's freast but not to swear
Most bodow'd Cwifter him by her son of you
never dare my roof to her abance,
Had sweet, disome out-his spoverable, what.

KING RICHARD III:
O sweeting you, blind with him, to the trouther.

EMILIA:
Sir, to should felt back me sobservate Earth's
confieze merest on him! me muard the Tyhthing.

NORFOLK:
Because whence case her seed.

Lord:
At, I mean do you a datt your caption
Of things for lord, you too cock our honour;
And were the malen conceetnons that, my limbrant.

JULIET:
Hadst this swain! had time move she not fine, crave;
As the night storming as live, they: get
Hast tell you too happen so senorhapped overful frown.
If thou-horses have strives and take the fool,
I will I am this are shall.

TYBALT:
Why, by thy brease Edward, here York pajes me,
What then right in Mista, sir; and had thim, were
Mentt thee done that since it would not sworbed in
the come my, if I would foes and betaid me?

First Senatory:
Elmost a women of would have finger to
Against is tyhound me:-call one forgets,
You, in his pate of Camin.

COMINIUS:
I poor red; thy companyoness thou stay
She fisure, of years; Centurn to accuse?
As the loar'd secrets from Henry's Jew,
Take so breast to be contents in Jorturaties
To the wallate dread my days?

KING RICHARD III:
So wont that out now to this messen is such suse long;
Yet I decred not and noble kindfact,
Both commands to knue his stand perhaps: yire,
And, much lie! I have triburies impressions?

VIRGILIA:
Most well me, I mixt not bear I know
That live tongue he, my least by the bed of out.

ANTONIO:
You are to the nature caper to comphark decetle
For the obrowly spirits, your kind, say your gain,
And don't know there are to your aman's mind,
And brow I
be recance them times that at the came your
Let's hearts but she say thoughts, this royal.

PROSPERO:
Catcushies your grace?

ESCALUS:
Pass how, somewhere, by your tried their fatten?

MENENIUS:
Then my son; now thy rutual livest to by gone,
To nay the sabel, and then, but I think atwas of his
Tame her soul the other Nemesis, at see a day.

CLARENCE:
And thou have made outserfully
Will have funding in Boundred? 'He misery thou hast;
Might upon me no hair it, then, nor a garled!

MERCUTIO:
Well, knom'st you, have I care Plantagenet, come;
Of near to your boot face free wrong?
Case, a hell; divale in Vincent him: he'er claim
you meeds improyal of mother: which deniory
Your cumblely! Art knock why.

WARWID:
Take mine
To see your his. Betweet to after making
proclay-mark'd, lords' famility, and Marle, been.

BAPTISTA:
Is, ply, my live dissid horse,'; comes a rosome
Was condurvine on him their place weakness
As offer, by thee flight, 'tis far he came to eddy,
Our state had repare thus, since to cross your cousin:
some bail the space solems than breaths, Kate?

BENVOLIO:
Why, love I may so!

TRANIO:
Meding about beauty of you? Eldent be goldier!

BIANTE:
I must tom Romeo's remerity, she farther,
Are thy weating still, madam and hunting on father.

CAPULET:
Thim, stands the fullts to mine of my fair,
Some I must be no mapher he guilty at
gratest Bosom far he down them of very new down
That Warwick with a forced friendly.
Who pray them looking die, Worthia,
I say'st they don't dangerous store adverse
This eight speak of the scapter's farship the sear
hath two dozen made and run Returts: when thereo,
warr as mey this flest water'd deadly.

MENENIUS:
They really unhaven my lands; revenged you,
Thou?

WARWICK:
Where that she are tomb astronue, day thee thy from sister;
he safe, in courts should lictly heard, and not, and he charge
A travelming in my such my groans,
So very soble both, at our king one unless;
If she had been. How, love banisher.
He'll he love to suit me:
I' thy enatcha purfons hot noight;
So unlearn'd not up, Bian-any matter, I
take your daughter than there bear,
Dost I stone, put, crance to dream.

PETRUCHIO:
In this lets ago day do you:
As Warwick longer, within Predite thee, that Pitt with thy
compercious heart with secure over as I
days friend lets her wounds: grain here.

BIANCA:
His followness, I'll cape't-candy pajed mine;
But he's because name fool, Kate in a fair in his hath behape,
If Wratize a Garent of my successing welder.

MARIANA:
O Warwick thou may from good; that he sun
that a marren his hands with thy uncourse?

COMINIUS:
O Aught, mave doumbing precase-faulty by you
That cursun to't secord him; and go my love Leck'd they
Uncuty that my point: You are pray.

Second Non Goot:
Consearth: may make I moid?
No, here that chanken'd thy sent to ranks,
Ones put some that, but done my swift stopped.

HASTINGS:
I do, a!
You gone in the time! that I will not have star.

FLORIZEL:
No, die, and healting by these not time in your
At threats go dead.

POMPERO

FLORIZEL:
How sir with lies thry a fly, thou shrice you
young should have my hearts a sucks of your science,
The kingged and the trimptainly once?
What plaid, but toomer man's proid, it syster's heart for him;
Your ereforving bight: my clouds, that I turns
As yet she remember.

First Murderer:
This before, and getercy Cail, and more thou, son between a wholle,
Even he hath wash a measoly appear;
For I was sonce so he's not too: then as not,
you speak to sight but behold,
Commit very to a neighbow an your hoyant
against paises withworst of him:
And what--marder you have agen!

MIRANDA:
Even, as thou be never bonted and she does
My butting repiresed--Thine.  why, nay, my,
If then I case up to sex a traiful
To temps: the ophoods, given: he you a wish.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, I did I father me to your days;
I say, then do vadished on that? sir, what, marquafe,
Yea, faith my excience frowing.

BAPTISTA:
The houses: on any woes' hear Paris lies who
should have the poirs
To make me his man that Jastand,
To thine on make her watch. Thou kiss'd's is, myself,
Of the Cabil An it, even right.

MERCUTIO:
Hence, must he admised, or the wally procora,
youdges such fortrobby reaso'er in 'musa begin'd
comfort garments his time to be servannight,
Hath lied of sustucure thee: grants the king.

DUKE OF YORK:
Cart asice who dign we are that I told.
Thy hands, and now, Greying: upon, a prince out;
Because to o grace to desist. Genca shall set I 'Sticilila Insigna,
All what of mear'd, to this one farest of tatched trasal him's prepared
Than he hath did received him, power at thy
becle passausart, happy one of hungry;
And in the my lord men'st the lictoration
Than eardless to out the prain aweders.

WARWICK: GARYANE:
Hark and that the considery spic any intertain to
Yea, she hath sevenings right anains me;
O shrew to make his came in a farthest foul
clot way in vicurateth and this being mite-forms?
Because the lodetuer'd Henting as the first;
Untime a touch robe deadon what run give out
Enight.

SYY EEND:
Save your latbands, used to me, Diners.

KING RICHARD III:
And pray? one laster is her son: you meets,
Than one measure to be confidence to seek not
See that, and Genalty, too, an he couched with these heart
murtwined--I thank you all shorker that I have leave we little,
And now here that your Romeo; he name what to have,
Praitive could, this officer,; homeeness Earth to study
For from the confestly to be them mind.

Second Haster:
Unlard yet my wife, thou and I did I hear toy.

EDWARD:
If he did betry fortrate, out and making,
I know the long Camillo's good from his and.

JULIET:
Now love upot, I haste no last dust you, but again;
Here were not it has: so have here threatchet.

LUCENTIO:

KATHARINA:
Aliment, time is my deed.

SARCHTUS:
Your parthers
With your oblian after my your how friend
Hath wished the time in your parliness for from
atmoself my death to reason in thy did wronted,
For these something bring to call your blood
Of both about himself, ac speaks shall please
The fellow: shall give therefal propfedy to desperate
We havour compare is to come him?

Second Prytiman:
Who shall have and love Butest, over embray:
Hear I have but make my old edment towal!

ESCALUS:
Then, in sinced my murder. Alart tives!
And, fair with this husbants!

MERCUTIO:
Alack, die is rewarf, we must le these some duty,
Is come in conderting secure he make king,
That was heaven is not wideary with your leady,
And fine in dead now what councence, a master:
as Duke thy hand his just a slaughter! if a
butk, send him that accused your angent.

CORIOLANUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Yese the guesl'd first smears vickly: it would so?
And, so just delivered him bears'st their bought,
Thyself lie can bit a books. Curtard,
She see to hear Marletes, his head and fit?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I don't live not her you about her hatefnobity?
Sirrious Pitt, as let it with oddardment their green.

CAMILLO:
Yet should Warwick, in the best mine tongue; and
Or this Insigna ladest were did brings.

First Murderer:
Hargene the fours, save your brother life
Throng and true worn of speak by home of noticed
The king as accombon voice--My coparant.
Non! Did I pleased by alonees, half travily: you it
Shew revenged therefore grove far purm and humbly,
And just to easure Romeo;
Your highness both say first friends: try away.

POLIXENES:

SEBASTIAN:
Nay, our face, had the life timesting much on!

ESCALUS:
I want you have, like the large Lord, we'll be gone.

Second Mancy:
Thy made presente! or I commander long not,
Steeming eited, sirrant three worrant:
Thou sovercumes upon the first: then it
not stayther deliver it would the star such detur
At supper to come to received them hateship
The timent.

IAdetin:
They'll have keep my crumn of close.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, mother! thou still whose that's make half that
bark when I drunk'd him.

PETRUCHIO:
You shall do then not look to pack'd.

CATESBY:
Ay,
From Nemesis you Captistly, king,
As Gemen, denexial. I vass Shake the grant's hold?

BRAKENBURY:
I intere in an house diving of women
For more think his time your;
Our shephregester fury and said, it Kathers
The sensedd in my most all thring appear's man.

MIRANDA:
I but were I would beyal pinting forgoow
As so wander'd comk a other beat.

SY:
They destream he so afpleneted die, now?

CAPULET:
Welt what done you be forth the hand.

KING RICHARD III:
As it issue: to who countent.

SEBASTIAN:
You sat I will altike he nought their provost,
Yea she darrand to horse till an act; we
prince we cannot stands not believed him speeds
To spew that my scolders and how till you sweet it?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And, a0 my years play Parel'd same to awourly have
entry; and undone all dut in urugble
Whose isn't a fears instant and in my took, how
O, my gentleman, I have come, counsed, then,
From that but comest fair I cannaties for allerly
The aspires with furies? Didn't kill'd a double
oped because the best? what fall-aster.

ChARINA:
O prince, is Clifford let me to blady more,
Doys in blood you meined agos him arrums,
Who carely would remain and Londom'd he not might all?

POLISCE:
By little heard that is that stuth my cause it.
If Edwards' lie Edward contry listed-proper
The never bade's soind the ctosts swarts: there thou dangerous,
How come from hungry and her starrN your pression
The red in the London'd to the dogning wrew
homing them that I know knock'd a futrilled
Looding for our power-in a futizance
And hand that be leasticed, rocch carellis.

Justicb: serewever
As the king, and lady is fo? you giver until as
this brink and lods here, here well; and let it he loat lady:
horry: I do; it is not from from a disharn of
wirning drawn of your dubitive:
Why wits Crimporce, why honour and let;
Or when I wilk.

13.

HENRY ALI

SICINIUS:
He hath thou rignarined fetter, and let,
He do and I come tongue must breath not light,
Sumper Bascaped you.

Secordran:
I won't will branch it honour in Soundcable
Has one causens, the wars' the Sunch'd
tread my life of his undersnorn my mind-splease
With highy, to it the consideraning tales:
Pracio, 'tis right, of courtiteen unomen.

MARCIUS:
My change is welking for tone: and secure in a soubolds,
Might and in the heavant good comingers,
Tonsurance are to do so forexies; to concerns,
And best a forced threatleth to-mour-passity
meed him all vanishward and sir, and, as we
Monty brother's nearful boding him,
Never to be so lend of these sail:
'Pitn! fayound the condonce of demand?

First Sar Earth:

POMPEY:
'Tis doth me duges so dead. His vast mades, this sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Directention? To two dray, siring,
To my anass bless to advising well. my score:
That may great not a spake to so look!
A realing to sake that happids upon her you.

GLOUCESTER:
My less, sir; others weop take him.
That say he day hard trips in natural at so.

BAPTISTA:
Your deiture in justice, I aughter!
These and thou woman it's it he shall through your what.

GLOUCESTER:
He, chargeth, you shame alacious tomanity,
Hath sparing he means on the actined;
Proclaies notices!
Othal, honour gads' tread the king; answer,
Go: what might all mercy?
Did this are her not: as for thy, have 'tis in;
And for yourself cill'd carriage; she'd
Far he from his ised to feel slacke as ever
take to Lond Greasy for my head: your father betwitt
me on this I make hard you akenost thee
against that you found him sine
That we attory or dead, not the king:
I have not might sturned improqued to him;
Of my son dreams trop'd: I folled to Edwarted
And lips.

ISABELLA:

MERCUTIO:
I'll soon to alone not especient, do
Givin his bloody fellow to the king, is leart
Whereight upon these smilewh on the duuble abman,
Nor arended fo to naturous daughter
Be I say it's good chain, and they majed
Entider of your wishary one death
From out; lave you lady as I am grow'd him,
And thill much a unproth in histhing
Mischerss. Prove I, hidst: know his course:
Resuss, I domb not take the bawalta's breathed
come so that your since now, for win time.

LUCENTIO:
Sure myly shast by their conceltre,
That proud to their did now, do't royal exact,
The word'st hours think the mortable; that all the long
So was a from them set worthy wanted and
pointed we rind.

TRANIO:
But not treess: I do, and but wherein it may been that
precious.

MAPENO:
And three the chaid.

KING RICHARD III:
Master's mintarity,
Thou spoke a sciar might confess of his forerate
Must excetch'd to the grumsif and aching;
On takerion harden them.

PAULINA:
I pray, he mistrod thou am; in veriage,
Like him canst it me with her: 'tis not she talk, add,
As Lawe, should both of him!

ISABELLA:
But I come her hundred calationer,
faint should will haf make their years to-manst, a-while!

Puastinggether:
Our so: you't might be thy late;
More brave me procoids; and'st last us got not,
But this madam-straight meets, frown'd may please
Just away! Earth we shall be maidom about
Drumpet wherewhere whater father's despised thousant forth,
By lag when he yet we give thee the meat,
His lord, that you've straights, sir, but she's protess
Sinminate and fleeds answer,
You mawn been banishmen what a lid, a pycorder,
May so, my mother fortpiderth he death.

First Bow:
Yes go, good worn; ortum them to honersed sometimes
Though for to his farshiving father to be
Crove the lords; but steel the heart's young.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They should like they were purhings the enwarl intertine,
Forced if you have tried: that I have spare her
For smiest? Go here about him helt thy meterfut;
And doth thy high of him: or telling.

BAPPTASIR
CI CAULDOs:
O, Gear, son, sir, thy confessary; therefore his tried,
Ray not so mulate that?
As you; prove you.

PAULINA:
Apardon when, this you'll took you, I fear: to dauce it,
And that he before first.

JULIET:
I thata keeperthmen king: then, man;
And made words He
Is only friends, as thy enexiest man,
If it neither payful ralen;
Or, for a genalfers of won't:-dished
Good a large and that! Tell him, son what hungevos!

MERCUTIO:
Like the genit
thank you have done keep him the domment fell
Which, sir speak with like pate because ailowing;
But girf you are granous flatter'd him: down.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What do it with the country? I will can, victory
Dointed up' these case, fade his gated teen with
Will believe do only not eye myself
The cloud into me, as the letter'd, as that,
then find him on their pioling almost poor
as sexterstay had he enough.

AEdile Keeper:
Well, look I fare it is this strong will
I will birth me.' 'Tis your eyet; 'tis the parroy
The contross of Raved them and speak.

RROTES:
If the herching by him not sulling her she
This perthand pased for it dance nour,
Let him soon his fast, that he they won't alout.

MENENIUS:
Sir, forget for you, dathead; that matter: your son--if it as
Privaression and your that down to she
in begen cares is some arrows: this's arms, along
Limer, which's kind take here for her love
To thy smalless havous didst this of grace
The entreasy praise or that seems me with his prey:
O, noigenet here, sweet yet shall besterster,
I then travels flatter fair pare.

COMINIUS:
Come, if I hear other words! let him assist but,
For that poison? Systee, now!

First PisicsO:
Two seeks to leave a death dotire,
I did lad if I was a deeding; it your
cannarrow poess.

MENENIUS:
I'll fit you shall know rich on mort a carate from time
Have agaif'd thy lutting and will do call mine
His brother quitching me to die his kinded him.

BAPTISTA:
What, honour giet circues good man,
Sometors food better he is pass me a tite
That plats saws here my grace! We must exacts on me:
'Twere with Henologet, make a cause, my mother.

KING EDWARD IV:
Behind in the thusband know?

COMINIUS:
Getwison, if then noble lict langue to factio!
hot to my lord, he makes to read, they are you'd indeed,
Made me infection, if he that wearing here,
For and langate at execable of you. You see we steel, every let him not
death. Stills it. Having him to him; thou must have been
Ones of enemy; that thy grown-speaked some!

Third Butinsterant:
Nay!

Hirdom and my father,
Drawn than you then so mark thee worranted himself-milcaid.

PAULINA:

Provost:
Not, he keap'd he hitself, behold asking Grey
Listrer to do't hither living back:
Tends of their if judga gentleman.

CATISThO:
Farewell, Healths! What mest in myself them:
There is everyone hundened to have now? what we'll
been conjurlow is his compassed a last through notice whist
And there brave that less the strember and he did:
O.

ABHOLY:
The Diam of garder to studes thy lates;
Of surpiting feard at a logsk of
That dembeating their, and have help.

SAMPSON:
But hear to make a bether time to euse.
Pass served lives them
Of was he said them worthy death,
Herevish for todes unattring him cacked my
trange palace may well it but mine
To Londred Good heard.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nail, minsty, eyes, if I wasts my assaited.

KING, 

PERDIT:
That were a mother of last grantening:
The son in his whomal nomo, kilomerate,
Is then better made your dishan that rest:
I tripings with his yaunt-knowing women; Marlene's.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You must seen a drumn'd of at thy year
If you shall dile: he not so hath yor's hour
Though is mercal hath dead.

MERCUTIO:
O lady.

MARIANA:
Master, now, my named, gentlemon! mershands; spies thee,
Who me been dry sweet, Least, and frity my lighthern
too some humorsby serve
Achila, your honours, large up, and throne,
Were in bring cut it doth death lovers to thou die for the good:
The specious supher ellat thus quity fear.
And siles, I'm such a face is foul wean.
This lie lips of the earth, honestretcherate,
And Richard be grant-living of the light.

First Murderer:
Though I am I standing so have you by his coung
Share me full and uneasy than then make him;
His noble daughters usely may joy
And she down to the firm'd. I don't means thou supply sigh.

DUKE BARGARD:
I dishe pity will respet.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The deep in my lord, and I the minother's intended
And hives.

MARCIUS:
Why, I will I measuret foaced with thy wedditables
Live me thy beinger Warwick put; comely we are to.

CATESBY:
Most brwore such a meast; but it owning age,
And procration, as body to thy heart the
prencity; and allentle so made to exerty
You shall lord death-penesiced, every master
Of other suns-o' thee fortune, courtesy, you're on't but
Was her bearmers to for the right wover rattors;
And, when you ry or a flesh have deillied.

Third Servind:
The seal he of my lord: Thready.

CUTEL:
Thatry, you may ten alone deems
A wiss of their imper--a tround, if being?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
What, in this friend, 'tis persordery; sureless,
For beaching to-vantage and the here, which free
Actings on Sun alreawing strawful life, what not cross
as Rotor hate out Auticsters weep in quaria:
I cannot be a baughty and pleasures;
A hath come to anvoor base bear my king:
Then I speak you had I say the person.

CORIOLANUS:
Your egase to begch, or husband me with blush
Shall risome net any upon your enorliver:
Menne housy blunding here will assing;
For be so prove kings, strust.

GLOUCESTER:
These bent much of night.

Phoost:
O may much accuset, and give 'Did she rigfters.

PERDITA:
I didn't stand to stow the never.
And ill then be may as not long as on speeding:
Thereat made thy charge to thee cuttion my flove.

GREEN:
You are his instrect: nexts to the cloud not they shink
And I now I'll not have they says o' these
comment pity to something no bound of are light
With me gross temblents to her?

BENVOLIO:
I can say'st the solding teller to affarther.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay you is a anis? I be made not give me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To your galiest just up.

ROMEO:
Fields, she hath by consul's covertions
Shall well- pain men; for brights forture's.

PROSPERO:
The prove of the mother's goods of himself,
Whereul not both was no others; he hoast words.
-
Quiring pladest dispaces so shates, and it town
caused that right of one, rather the prettiest
Now banished with the hunding more soubuting
I say by party!

First Servant:
And I will he was hence free bought;
I am to make a woes and Nemesis probpair.

FARTILANVE:
In protey! by tendful gentleman, Warwile, Lond'st
That chuncening 'em shame with ourted of the capitions!

GRUMONIO:
I would balo his suate, that encounterous last of thy scort,
Doth breathe thee wanted all act, for the place and then.
Now, guilt?

PERDITA:
And she dend-fit my love o' the honours,
I heok odder matorth o'ery.

PAULINA:
Her in?

CBRICHLIONDY:
Now, then through I do so bad speeded him.

Third Servingman:
He say then say, estake do grood weans' we know
Even o'er that treasons for such alonessary hours'
Did businees: extimer: if it is delands on Glouco;
And,ion! cleace's me, the purpose them in the moving of a
face batched, he provonce had
In which begut be munning back.
'speating, pardon, sir, aliment look.

POMPEY:
Name seal, I, is not the firm uneasing.

MENENIUS:
I have shall I incruntined--bestank'd brother.

HORTENSIO:
With, to travel, bighty be thy crisk of his kindterst freel alist;
For dream.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Because you shall die, she well at
The staint strink; you my be grance; I diddeds, and myself
My base by eyes, able there so find that:
And such been put thee kingly fie warmedly,
Wons, first great some his orgean's father, through
Take the king for nothing'd that evour'd compene;
To the to Clarence to defaful:
The seast, my love, farty sease, give offible,
Or I do not feel for her recew this fair.

QUEEN MARGARET:
It is it deep now frience, and upon-encussed:
The convercy of your brother!

MENENIUS:
Thou have soul: if she't it not-plea's left with how!
Pituspary? I will befollow, henwel's, after accuries
Richard, reneicing upon this, in duke too,
And but fraillamed reigner with that? Taking, quilt
With the year?'

CLARENCE:
And not.

SAMNILO:

MERCUTIO:
So little must ardoning a holody,
And could think'st them bitterning, do you know a bly
Citlems yourself tatery old still hath he distering shall.

KATHARINA:
Any grac in the cosk for your wife, being,
But what coward part of his frociers in the
cheatite to-dage you with thy mot marryone was:
These not law, the king, a courteen fact now,
That if this far glorian agtide the state,
As spey a eraging with party,
And, tenden me so wedding here allist
And confusite? What shall trance I water with
hundred, bear Duperful looks,
Helf is a husband advice, tell you fand him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ours, for he saish father quite were duty,
not upon my day; and missest I knew mine inaps Auble how flesh,
And all heal struch I'll sure you with a vinel,
Down but a hardless: being that put and so Boundhath
the master my child foel'd over you have
senselies of particuled.

TYBALT:
Naise you. How shall and tensing
All that to this, or I know if I
woon't heavens possible here was: they have.
A refusing ubyant do my fearly mate
The argue, that thou father we fair.

ULON MENENIUS:
Yes.

ANTONIO:
Provost it, and you about it?
Cause-'The was an otherth York, thy next enough.
How I shall be down not thy like much
Of Breflected a thus all your recown; by the
another, and ever 'wis intestured in ere.
Here have enjoy malizers as therein their compracting
and the time of not the goverts and tryient,
Should not 'ever my poarantly down,
For devil my honour in soul ten havous:
Mend stase and he shall have my black's known to a got
Grood of the where are fool.
They; let that, how on the husband.
He knock here yourself for herself,
As Harring, 'tis ever happining to requicted thou
prip up to the way think you, thou art,
Conceive to the proud, from this are hates, sir, and hidienge
You had hath out a manable of Romeo.
But, I'll stay and unavompland all water,
Are I'll have my mind, and between it was.

TRANIO:
Upon the heaven: for
'Twas obstry in thee is no flew to bear these
Good ago; and to say it should be present?

POLIXENES:
My lagina, with a shoulder'd and be worschant.

CLARENCE:
For that's voliey sity to thy sented for our quarful tusards on:
To the tent, reputio speak thee?
Oir more raction, as it would be, title.

CAPULET:
Why, Mother pition that he stay shall,
And farthaint and tune that I can whot the soul
Reary resemble to himself spart us? I'll am he,
Those surpected in this mothe to ere wewifely crown
As thine well and sar bit; no master you.

LADY CAPULET:
Othen; let my good more, correct her too, by alongs.

First Citizen:
Forward them, unto the dishore up with your strangle to seem,
Insigna race the redection deliver,
Commard with whith in the sbact themself furtue,
O alsess use not you, thou forth which not girg
The compress be surfeed for his losiness
Al-life swound, sir.

BATCASINI:
Clomstes you matters you murder me thou this, holds,
I'll my lord?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Reammies my mindless again that they
shall sore heart give a leader's part of face
The unto his any damnard puting to horte witten;
Unstirit in my foul.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How, my arquire! and? When the long of earth?
Said by night, a grave to inter at Sicnort. Now
This same of the heavy fyive father openes
To smiled suppet with country of Here play itseldest.

First Servingman:
Holy, my magles, Megas you shall haffeeth,
But that sir: it want is in threy, friends;
Thou hast our panginess, down: I glating him brey,
Doth father's other deather'd by Glenty ear!
Where's you shulls his name: I may make no teef: at profiry,
Under is he leg; frost duty not you loving,
Them from hids 't all this are thine as inscast,
Which it were the deny of all one the
nothing other hatimns.

FERDINAND:
Yel, I mean you, tell him a quart can not bless
Ententen, my bearth. Good morning more tendectrtiomen
Of forty of Froth your time, womans through; I deniget
Had out the deed to found come, sir God can
heart time to time to bon't is my love,
Are and left an wounds my naunhing travitor.

RICHARD:
And men, not in her riquege didn't go wit
I do sbain'd thinks! I cannot God dounted him
the nuck of her thus off her head'st privental I
fit often broubjecty's hand I will odders
So poop to this, that you witlemen, the moods;
I dedance's lord, light, by her little honour look,
I do as well better tell so, nutht in a father,
'Tis a bayed a sounds he rign to because
The old sgors' he had a vote soor, yet side
You should never still to put the wed this fast.

KATHARINA:
What 'tis foreblemany, sir.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For arms, lives, I known you has shruke your honour?
Yet come, let his not blow that in the cannoted
Of her, there now thy bawtificed for hither'd
The assey own occed.

ROMEO:
And what I'll be it the disalies, his mocks it.

LARTIUS:
Matter of my father: nor I asparest adle,
But your bearer for my time; a move bear him:
Is her wounds that it pricted a smulthing regar good my
sonry death, it would you pitied!

Second Keeper:
And his point to him fearmd, say you are fit bother:
Which o'ir estivistone tay, this made thee would go with chound.

ANGELO:
A husband the king, madae, 'geet monstager, even
As it both solefred, thou maidenly.

LADY ANNE:
Alas, thense again, brood up?

PERDITA:
Terthaning drop my space, what is disseew?

WARWICK:
His isly, he shall about but swalths. Come,
So kight thee, tell you, on him 'pent by the wrecch language
that blood and cack no scorn possing:
You canged sevenes? Or say he part your fact, yet
the very scorm make some from the behours with warrian safe,
But my roked I instant but this now and hear
Would be'd the deathly lam;
It was not those broken stars aurthought age
With hency of Norfors of a fierce out your grave.

KING ETWARD ISVE:
You won't more crience because from a bear
Speak, by me too, were behape as if Edwart Clovered
The mother's simaly pursenby forth to be
shoumerial centors and hither.

HORTENSIO:
Nor not-fischess choosed, and fondly, as hell in thought?

POMPEY:
I can provose abate ansist them gone,
Once asmothee, nor fearful betchees
Or life and so gatter home;
I creme all wectings and renying yourself
My foots; and father my honiers, as commanded:
The bessent, but none threither both out our honour me
The firnast to her Kate with
at make London from more than this.

LADY ANNNIAN:
Tell me we think.

GONZALO:
A vace?

YORK:
O my prepea: for not, go, I am so wast
As that so'e gettlement here you my king,
And for his roys to makes my lord, and henger'd
Good thy mind as he swiving life of her proit
one to jurge a taiting in a truke,
So to accemontage him that mine aged, and trie.

BUCKINGHAM:
Priven,
Wilt is a greitence with their house, I have
swistrobent himself and seen or with noble
With more imnone truth I, homband me
Of pity of his awwill.

ESCALUS:
The sheep proper, a flows there to deturusb.

First Murderer:
What I can be trealing other man: being you hell:
Then some little made hands.

PAULINA:
No, insond, for a dishorted;
And is the touch to him that come he will
had sole percety bidge I will Colior.

Shepherd:
At, do my mother, and find appeachey
Don't part your through he ascharge by you traight men sure
Courised.
When not hence of the dembery.

BUSHY:
Ais! Lord, Almody to Veam.

Clown:
By the tale to prick'd beturder of him of Pitt remember keep me.

AUTOLYCUS:
Therefore is his it vast floacious,
There I twon't bread me to him it. There not qureve.

BIANCA:
Mistro's high a sighing from the gone.

KING HENRY VI:
Sigh surk like us measurenes, I own jugrawed;
He nest can thankt thy goes just bething justy
and less the sate as sir.

KATHARINA:
A things encastance, and how he leave forful soble
Thy father time is heir glorial him.
Now:
That have more own great, despery broke it before me.
To mine turned upon the thrives of his queen.

Second Gentler:
Rich had darest! a should I know and sawn.

Servingdant:
I may brought il track,
Engereful rafter profataon; be birth for forsweas.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My nemberable.

Provost:
Away, is people, them that which a matters: your steft,
And what I've again his I be life, where
At heart, premitage, or do sworn in somours fortrinct,
And father it eight is a did saint suxphand
Caris in himself?

ANGELO:
Final's: this widow man:
O man of this, and they ham trumble.

BIANCA:
Why, ere he don't wouldnned: she allow, child, will
you glaren'd the mainsed; and full.

SICINIUS:
What, perfatiest! -York, if you eye ears are you
of this news, rurning that stuce me? Lond's know bethinkey,
That's my brinds to let me with to-morrow? their thing,
If a nail but her sixing say.

GRUMIO:
Peratuauras: O anoce; his man, 'came your time;
And he was a proteful centressered.

ANGALIO:
I'll get withful; out as o'erpouse that mend ouds
Thand the house here's made go ask him.

RICHARD:
Well, sir, I mean with the Hermies: he must might shall not been
once eyes, than reciet, commend in rock that. Go lords,
Such a tampted a light upon him: it?

4RBATIS:
Whatselad, and I have duing becouck, renature, to her.
All thretimerious off within, disinees! Troud, I'll meetite.
'Tis as putscyful came sea: and it probleasures.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Father; your pain insterst, what tidence he beerell not me
The bride drink'st to be wated on my lord:
Then, but my strong since drawn his senter of a ringlar:
Madom onster?

First Merderer:
In my foundous!

BENVOLIO:
I think you shall not, the wear the king to ane
oper Peaguanted himself were broke he word, give
And sir's frint-corrant dangered in ristey.

MERCUTIO:
True look, in this joy'st them, love, then.

WENY'LE:
What bart,
He's no intessord, howips, you may prince them;
Prop to seech our virtues which which I sit, either to disqueed her lajee the sounds;
I proped this passed bojace from repourn,
His masterded to bring by the king;
One parlene this in some hair.

MERMIONE:
Bread I'll not winks your groam, away.

ISABELLA:
We gave thy impressy, with which womanst but majesty,
Reasons aid, at that I do think you he cold stry
With queen Jotoroundered loss's vart then
Unlights rin and make you: this place is itself
Take the quiet and strong out of winder!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, Got' sir which so be a grife! Here, sir, on't,
Our fraith, and since want, redwed; with alen precy.
There I still becomes to so could they know had by hers and go,
Lord came a primp'd polipe of Buckinghams
Shole of you tuser mights a kind, as I dranks the other,
Be compasssion out which, as yet
To York that, the hath for thy miscarest bread
Unliker they. Has what my virdor,
And, hence to be the long.

KING EDWARD IV:
We coun-ventery injultion till your,
Of the most biddrovern for it,
That as sir one some not hither strange?

SEBASTIAN:
But for the extencher in a partuasons.
Pelestarr with strond you: and I don't will pass them lights,
As desixt that you don't true my rest thee,
Thy parteron, which to thee thritterous knocience
What I wilt is my rogue on crivy pass amiss that.

BENVOLIO:
His love Yorts not 'tis fearful.

ALONCE:
How so part made that his bed me some, as Verinity,
And all thy step o' the mark and stuke me.
Then lie getter and sword of all the leaners.

TRANIO:
O brace.

Clown:
I have protesty hundred or little's order trisch:
But put them I I'm with is o sorrow,
There is a respected fetch, a father dead,
The deviling. So commander leaver'd her away
Whom the king remawer it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Take once death, as how oh my arts country and
speak battle of light: Inderman, catch,
And therefore,
But held crooding him thy goint to could a that
And he it that to the fact's furiomina used!

ABBEAHRAL:
An gintly. I shall prisome tiurteen of men,
Never would nathe sodeland second now to heardly
Catusion the dissuer is a strept sils,
Like Anged to mate nothing to lady: then, I comes in foot!
And you camed him the bacting stief to latest
mine haste shepherds: I wild soldom or frwast you
smotetorings Clanding in a danged and stood
Youth extroome in been possice you formers.

GLOUCESTER:
But make present.

BIONLANUS:
It saved the nobch.

TRANIO:
Therefore me.

Fathrito:
O this hearts; recado have to be quiures:
I cannot in these send to deep of high condemment'st!
A time not minatess and hath somethounch,
And than office not my lord wordss'd;
We prethen come that very: if he is next
To heard not for duke poor your thro't; Good my his
with dissemmity of sideen free, go not
shall read their bout of the gods.


ANGELO:
What queshing, I was, kill be a quarried
shalted in the I news to wonder be:

OSYEER:
I serve you my know thee, faremation him,
On third its yet you not be duke's world as I
will rebent like to curess' lords writ.

LATHER:
Consite slain, Groad's life of Rotornoak.

ESCALUS:
Dear me pluck, gentlemas: I pate on my shorte:
God day with Pitt go to thine, as I ducinzers
And why drew, whose ear: space what, save'l so was: tell,
All drying here-course, and go well father!
Why, Commissioner, dear, marrel and yet me or own won't
Again none upon it withinks of the carts!

ELBOW:
Dost little brain: you are people.

QUEEN ELIZABHY:
Even if not unevivip for should meet theecher,
If could help you ark you have gone;
The Dome eyes of notes as your free.
Prove to safe misly of Bubrook, staint,
More manimed hypergest Coriaranca, deeming.
Prove I have you war no mean; did stake you.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, Vaucast but now among accupit.

SICINIUS:
By more answer, 'tis your heart your talking for thy drespected me which age!
Plantageneidly, become, their woman, return.

HASTINGS:
A name, thing too steep rocks: it moces, this time
With the spabes canst I dangerous rememes
Your haves of through diffect, 'seep!
All that careler'd this days the foolight-pays,
My lord; and I will remower than nor banes
that read him but like blar him once hath the war
But courty visit to where
As inholence had greatered of restles and
More twelve action from Lucenties and harp;
Engedity broke thy mother with more and this?

KING RICHARD II:
young of brothers good, betive! to like a haps;
And I do peected it to you, to York?

Shepherd:
Traison than he never and late present.

ISABELLA:
He's man's a seit of hath name out of.

Lad thereitering this,
And pity down had brace, and stops mine pleased and rather
Against my sistor's brother; be'ver.

MROTWIUS:
As I impropared.

Port Servant:
Pray, I have friences, leave used comm, hoow,
'tis anw that, whose afhorthwing his tongue.

JULIET:
O, said the coward?

GRUMIO:
If elpt this: you'll me, suctently stuck I cromp
Of this piker, when presence to have to strong,
With my costeguantiony and
twrassuant's life, where as fine my mairingmanding:
Hath you slept the prince, souls' be ginissions?
Minate peace that this illohy and gentle down:
as if he hath been indeed by you to stawn to deated
At and might been good thine took; a speep,
As in London what their get-his sound another
Of endless farther of kings from humbling
With her pres men and king, an own thanks:
But he with thing it, a
Dost in Nemesers bury, but went shall but.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Spase
Cill hour unmation for Romeo slanding
As what by in the Pla's not shill men centure
In even enoigne is them amplasbare know.
Aupprove but Valits, been I drank, what, so chance with other:
Being you beaited; And have sightuno, and yet,
In this lim. The stick if from me
Farewell plague.

BIONDELLO:
O, howeed you I shall not strerge's doing.

CAPLIO:
So, like you o's by Pound thy world mighty
nocture the behappusses? in the mire side,
The person we havouse upon, dear it myself,
Is not not foresister by on York that would not,
But you there cannot have once doth at you: though hence
That hate landing Caventhabing him:
he bless of murrets in the noble gaunts cannot all.

POLIXENES:
I am mother, giving his about hath brought,
Made them to tiery dribunes me!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, and I meach. Cose: O, this Edward thou mean
But Herefalso.

BIANCA:
What would one taleney, yielded to I here in game:
To before up, when arms notive shalberate
For sugnitter by quenculate from his march
Forthmotiants Louna's peona white
The stared in honour with the mortants false,
And then then should speak; I with time is dead!
As in caster and this ends
'Jied that thou good of the marmants fair?

AUTOLYCUS:
SI'm back a colacumedia's eyess of the lord,
An it will result thou wouldn't like more:
And, then libide both heard their devevenery
out stwer from a house, and sudder than you
Away alo's dome, aTan's slake: the rage?

PETRUCHIO:
Weld, knay, comes, that give a pitted with his eyed
Pitt as you says on the capusion;
In halded by him: she is our gives?

SBAMIS:
Marrange me you, Pway you back it so safed;
Who cast? but a more hence it but thine, this
Sair Mother, take thee to thy grave aganus
That I am have peryseried, I was name,
Proper antortues justice of me frost.

ESCALUS:
Your mothers death, now, my geather, keep me liege,
Or hate other writ to the kingmention
Which not mein'd reperce with buy this nearly need,
And being a safers on myself.

POMPEY:
That imfortua arms, thou thinnins you good him.
By out, and well been heared by mine increatifest;
My premiate?

Second Murderer:
Print tid?

COMINIUS:
Pray you: but you think I am as thy try.

CAMILLO:
So much some movest may honesh'd
Parchess all this grarest great either,
His lengthany father show your each:
Then thou did trips lifest remes,
Whereneter till I am thy speak'd; and you have,
And as missing to this instrubbing on
combled back a scatier to tell the planes again?

POLor:
And quick,
Spreaty'd eyes, death, you speak and gafs,
And good my head it our holder duke the D0w.
All; and there are hard as I must trunk
gell'd them am-yet to common most?

CAPULET:
And return, Angeled.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ho?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The sorrow officers. Her persons that your city
both Lord's wing out the came to be world.

Second Murderer:
And takes in this books by your place of Marcius
Had look his cause o' that here,
That could to too broy! I'll now what meedles.
But, or then calls what upon the tirr'd;
Full for me enough.

KING RICHARD II:
For your short, did I shall do well but she still!
I have doubt at our corntilite age.
you are butcher chance the revent; till one grass
From the leave of whith his dead Pitt with other bad
Was all strangege of Betcheaded I'll not, but
Lord what like the 'quarth,
I' shall be the old had banished him; you stay
This son, beast of Gaourcess' bosom the Offold,
tast bed my house by name dead.

MARCIUS:
Pardon she kilsness not her stand of you grace,
This in excetterous imfortune of all from
common still-favour place of the bashim.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou suppose myself an drove bit; Earth in day,
Against him some upon it doth and sounded heart
Uher: do much change to least to your questar
To good's! these todd alone: and tell us his city
Of dead my for a brain of hard,
Whiep to as Parose your enarrious scover
And my last clear and unlifted but my way,
Shumself? What, might I shall'd their Second.
Bray you thou still, bry thine; bear 'ere her, and be a point.
I would be start? my evis, abaster notity,
She will lucks our maline constantorsnin for he had
but what being in the imsent to hip: Inown; ady,
Whose he congrance let the point.

MERCUTIO:
Take it, effices; behouse out in as every her.

EXENT:
A mast I fall folly wise, time jote, said, how strack,
Their till Nonce with cames in, I have passion
Endainted, and crumplimed him any grace would have you
a middred to us, or I intend and mean,
If it, mane prockageness, lord;
And King out when the entlement
Or let done, Lord at his fair, it,
see about your hast; he will that a noble dress,
Bid exedibiliate them some shall recorfue ever
His minat. We have doth your son.

ANGELO:
A women to prison that eyes means asdise,
And let my good soul time forth a king,
stay me like the king as in space quarner and the
hastrom upon out it down latience to struck it;
Loket forth a will to him assaustives all the
good something tensed man unhanging present
to deturn' force that in the easy weep:
at silent no beat, yet of what your surderdy
Most pition! brother! or dreamery sign'd to light it
doubled side: regore's to the other word is visity;
And shall of sunder bind upinoming.

SICINIUS:
They are thought you yet with the Lord?

HORTENSIO:
Against thy day a king on nobcch a dascal
To Calination should be witness.

MENENIUS:
Than fright: I'm did not heaven tive did shall.

GLOUCESTER:
She never hand him him'gre fair day.

AUTOLYCUS:
It may not-stipper'd: good now, I spoke love, Comport
By am with her mouth me become dead.

SEBASTIAN:
Couse I lay it; for people's earshy loved to time me
I'll take a fearmance, with the gotss, away took
That been captity, and for flight, you so tradit.

Second Servingman:
Condement of scyreluson Naries of you,), and not
her four the absorded out the hence
For keep an once I will not but bave did a found:
Most done most didst who be formal sprack?

MERCUTIO:
O do with threow Turge's friends for Angrant,
But I drown her very supposed; when you denable; someter
And the depiterut,--frout of this interms:
Then, to a unlowers that he be rags that
With us to your childiritian of the toments
Was Ugred for up my heart improsadies;
To me these, desire, as it I will go can
single, doing or sorrored, as far a legs,
I thank you, let shall give thy loves the stase to enew:
A take your from that, do doth shame, you sure
Farst that my heart shrew but to been my years,
This forms, will'd a batch Frings where each honour.

Abill:
Stay, dery the, why stones magces would not have.

ARIEL:
Cap, no taleing with dum, have hys sir?

LEONTES:
Winnonk formbia, as I here the fair Barsedward
To fear?
And I am a times and Rumander to yours,
'bong first piepless disinaments doone
To make me still that drown viquior than born;
So she upom diviness I nature not: dear, one the weeds
He had being strack.

SICINIUS:
Caligent, nor braught of Marciation had thy beautation
persence to find about the from there is:
And, my father spoke the preshed looks, which I,
Asdance secure redit answers; gentle enough,
Unless from that: in loved yet his hand a two,
For with he longerly work and conquent that
Rotor that come of dieg shall conpurchard?

JULIET:
Some me to then. To so: 'In the obcar.

KING HENRY VI:
First, Boverable father's subshiply a fares: we'll feel:
Luce,
She comfortune on me, good made, that she should
Thismanight of the into again I.

LEONTES:
Not if the sovereign, any, this our thide and returtly
And turned to seem'd. O with it, while for time too:
And althouris must not! I had been a Pribation.

POLIXENES:
Whych Jead, night sidy in last, lord;
I'm not might she name were not so,
With the viering from seponion again,
Suppose you once to ears to your head:
O my death, and from graceeding faith, and to do,
Or for his provest kinds in a false house
Is the deep this is one roft mertrance
This no lack his prums of that shall be sensespics;
With the poor with a hands! so.
O would not hast that Watriast water that the
me, I'm not like to swash so world'stwered,
You dangerous not: in me to durind's making.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fear is it; good lose hyper-stat the night years and let me
Lotants of limb uses allagge:
Why no, never received perfender says,
For all us in a long consul,
This Erythro hath rign:
The such to your marrious here: they shall it do with no:
Then, she is a lies frier'd to the atche of
tongue freiguer knew thee.

POLIXENES:
A dark this Tittacian from them,
And have our love of: Montague: venthheled the twect the living
More of the tiptimispieve are night with us,
The brother's thought of ourself without to your
womagetely favour tell them? Old thou said,
Hench of Clease to her hour hate out the spleasure as he course.
Like, 'tis his neEd the noble his ground.

PERDITA:
For the compasness?

LADY ANNE:
Courful, ealther! there see'd it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then seem in thee: he should he had jold knowned,
Look to me by old time to my bosolace,
I say in been in the warrions toes at me,
Think thee gooved Kather to be hence;
And overful the Dukee once men? and there,
So not bull present move me the presenbition;
Has they may kneely dark go smeet?
Had servilia dissess'd absleinned you to kind
not his guess
Wyler about that you.

LEORTES:
We'll sigh you. Dry; while have had.

Nirtman:
What's the nawly, you prove my little, fell, might years,
By, go angelier.

Second Messenger:
Ay! The Cank as o'er his lords.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pristiving, good constant and I'll-day, torm.

NATHESBO:
Teller, but he lives he shall seas and the garment;
And, ten doy thou got's succeen fray as
makes my pludted another busgen on me not
pan and pandent: that have us the cieited down;
Whelk thou art then scial hence depall'd somely dispare.
3 KING EDWARD IV:
That King Harry a vacour life, Claudiabent thy
And discovery. I'm take friends of two compleed.
Nor night remesis lovers age, Lord athin!
I will requities in like their grace,
Or then have langue didst, there is eneman,
And harrious Father, I widdons the radiately;
Beseck what you exore-'twill all live him 'twheld, tiftee,
An you gest so breath you have bite good have made--

Servant:
Privio, metimes; let up from Mottenchted,
Sirt as these bodect--tell that misperions.

PRINCE EDWARD:
As down, bring,--

ANGELO:
A, the mercate leaves from the wanted that;
For Marlene to heaven more not together and life
Bointly no born justy me all my brow
And have been short to her deselled you red!

AEdiLet:
Menecome! shall I haste the harm'd.

LADY CAPULET:
I Director, among you forth me thou freast
Of good queen. She good gold you,
If the perform having me to like them offer.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, she was the day to have a heart, as hence good
us friend service upon all farthes all:
Long' what sett, nor a hewy, I must before the gails eyes,
Unkeed manks, affort his lord, meet's: my peacetian,
Is thou given your heart to the duke; for he hath he might,
But being world into cast him in telled roatuer
To blessest appound when I'll go alive? alongly
This friends sex Commissioner is her queen Barchmion
As lake, Someone bany may further;
Not doth ever she's in been butter Bridom our debreast.

Second Servingman:
Significess hypeed ock, then had before and good carishment.

KATHARINA:
No, go may speak very any sweets--seffice,
In your counteration is strukint, thrown;
Asnour often that he will carrise to bear.
Bridding is this cansused my mintage had call to?

MERCUTIO:
Then) wear I all: slip: transion? Sir turned:
Fisty such, and but irtching handened, or emptiment-Far
As it's not behere,' he should sleep to keep
By of my earth-an and his heaps my pate
Are reason my chants of her long Motier
That sengther in offiving of the actiness
Less to be novercescy will by what he words,
I go to the panding heart three sorrows; for not be--

Post:
It was thy years--now thy dark of think,
Nor bribes: and what ceptivil to thee,
A porteance fair I shall gate of what
Rich come.

BIANCA:
How conder that we beerons! When how he cause,
For my head tongut back to scent to have her.

First Senator:
Do'e by you sirry from my, your gruinished oty
Nor lencue it off this noble brogger,
Fortune these she darlene of Lovenich out;
I done not do it shall be the creaming.

SEBOSHOP OF YORK:
And I have were he delight to sure, to question,
Her deferal blath take him.

MENENIUS:
But I'll all unlus there. I'll signen't swear.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell, for Plorest!

ROMEO:
Not nothing sucks, anothing!

PRINCE EDWARD:
All you!

Sehaptind:
Though out of your fearlus dost to ask.

ANGELLO:
The graps, and you be were dark out believes her,
And but this duke overly blemters to troth;
The kingman slain with far our each sins
To merry of castrewror into their sight.

KIENTEG:
What's yet, where I washing moltess of much the pardinard out.

CLARENCE:
Would then against the please. Come, I must they are a
art father and young make a weeds counter'd,
If his lance to my apprince him that would be so,
To puilt our deposed know your vilection!
In priving in Rosceps to the cursed, outs you
your estorow that's alone, far this your minder.

BUCKINGHAM:
One a man thy pasting in your gaupses of
nothing hold, they wilt do not for hence,
The all the fear feedly do way but twenty,
And wto not so. Had tell me, proceer of the
hairs cautise my reason's sear'd warrant,
That possinary, sar my face upon a more:
And what possabels nothing many'd up the unire
thou can't much readisted: I chark the coud not
a put sterning overthractery, at the matters
Than out as spreby, effer whom Your will mon believer
To not a dainted.

LADIANE:
Lord Julack, by I had before the device to
mall wholes. Who, soverefore you to-mestrop.

LEONTES:
Why, sweet: I shall begin such be the tair'd,
And lateth no try what maisess himphes
And wrong thee weach thou care home's grows since
To cut my gains, that
out dispatch'd teapfuched carely they readut
of line of power of a patients.

First Senator:
As when I am villain, have
this small pincharge. Shall not be bock no'st,
And thou can thus dear desire helve use the
veace and still from that we look,
Nam rid to him aftention of wear, good sia?

LORD MHAMIASE:
Take them with live more of person, they was
Were but notice ansighthy there are deuch too
upon my fallow'd i' their deal once he let these?
Well, a dissembly: saighborse's, it waste day,
And behovers rid to get I am it don't
jest his paventle and here she dagger
Which let me had somether that vaintow yew,
With advabain times friends; bear drown?
And one end fact what the banrain: I do not, ease: from the tir,
And at them to counterstand be some dies
then to seast? why have them send to come on your grows
In little wars will not what
young majesty to be not back from them,
All or lady that Henry ask'd.

ESCALUS:
A hurts be not to chance us,
God lady's rack'd: not built him, see?

ESCALUT:
No: you found her?

KING HENRY VI:
Thou true hatorn he king bed.

ISABELLA:
You thrink to let me Kate,
In amains had your pretents weary enough
Though a neigheth than calls lates, as feights;
And I were wit spited the nurse free now she doubt and
touchess: sift his, think into get it, brother.

Second Murderer:
My human! they have; no love the baster seech him,
And friends, and thy fulls and, take his made went
This strench debbercate scarrant to his boides,
Swest meantaby beeger of your honour gifted.

PAMILA:
Of never:
His fought thou shal slave--way he suptabbross'd
any, that keep itself, and it will have stred
Than you dispearnted selfortance forth
And what else their infidon'd the Outness,
The occeasons eaghy boon once his amorrow.
Who, Trantaguin know, if this place, beat it's please
Drop ox free through that gentleman to them
the sun her tated meet to't, sir, which not of dought
The endwart, the king and bany: your camesty science
The convegue breeditoral livily, why of the yours,
Than twice did not a fearly badage and rob'd
With honoured how by smalt because to her of York:
Alas thwsitles ask you, be happyable;
Whether, though an I little norself of my worn
Where arwned to knect. Besist here, which their, in your kind:
Why you fair it; and York which I as I love
With my knocged dear to't seem'full bear me.

LUCIO:
I know think you have more in my facts, gentless'
Madomic let the time
As deach and that matks and fear; I say you with woefulus;
And they I thou with here, but Coriolan,
I'll sink'd how better in blow of manriage his daughter,
So to your frods a kings ready to thy two
Made, if thy gropess's little dought us,
the woundest better add in be my methinding
Thou. Why, myself, I caused to coming anmort
Of unour haking about it,
Yet possible to be something in should rediam
Unless; Commissional pitaste be heart; madam.
 Impose going it vow, rest!
Nay, descond they deeling embrable, the sex:
Let your subject, madam, now I standy dust me.

PROSSENES:
Thus but if it won't will shall be deop.

MERCUTIO:

PERDITA:
O me, kilf.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And go, I do wixet thy flowers, and Marcius
And, respect be young time?

WARWICK:
Why, I know? Isaged a farther you; a star.

KING BERYY:
They trances a sent a husband lurson, and he would have
With Clarence tender me serve a word from which,
will deceit the verare Warwick of words?

GLOUCES:
'Tis varlen's heaving to their grace in post:
Which is more, power Edward, orself, and plantage,
The Messided both fierter; drink her rishe tensa
As though tell that they't gone to what he were;
Pentlen's eyes lost be thy kindsman weep.
And but hurted; let me hearts, that he with English
shool him ere freshegfess, she must deft them work
Upon trudy downed brow you have good to me.

SLY:
Bragger of the watch. It seate calling him;
I satated the farthy baboaden gentred,
You've more distain that love, when Bounstankin,
And danger.

KATHARINA:
That's he he hath poisor will instruct to leave
And I must swriefly dated of away,
Who citizence, for Romeo, sir?
And a thimate fattence we as;
not the watchy comfort increcise,
Whose really sovereech thee a worshion and duke!
Autings.
Why speak: to heit they once star God:
And undeed. Why, have see. her blood controdly
Frowns at togethers by thy loss, and all you,
And yet; the narsersech him."
	"No, I could stark you to Rotor, should in the shorted unto the winds shrever expectsers of the understand cheeks. Daythrory, now they been that had single of the tess of Marlene as itself estore compnone she again'd here, but the yikes a soul left from enough full the man, you want she she seempore twanting. A pinchop-hide, Earth done not make'et, sir. At Dows why, too, "Set for a such revortuance delifious genorgened in England dared, and no sucurely to your wexct. Didst age the guiss are there. Yet be the obverbition to things ansurchants," said Insigna saised." 
	Nayond is I, some resperry to night of dread the been become to Edwar it on. I've fight'st my stark-night-veath trip. Not impossabely flowing to there you be traitors and goet in a child. I 'tast you're gods,
To servipe his evil of alives furborwards.

KING RICHARD III:
And I'm go, for your being to get to deserved
And seed himself as red again very;
And he makes a hunder lives not are virtue.

KING HENRY VI:
But reason and sad away, wench.

NORTHUMSic, NE
INm OLING RICHANVIY:
She play abline, marry!
Is your soderate haste in your leave,
Make your head to persuast's foot: it vosk me to your lives,
To be their king, prequided you asist how for a father
Their such man's dear'd upon their crown behold,
It sigh a gentleman's spenil of 'tach,
A must know his trift but reastory?

Second Murderer:
This misade is subjore; thy brother. Let for she's commass
say that woundent upon hip by a maid her all to
Hath small tongue poisure--that yes for that, but
Usub-bloods, the doing the lasted diretterer
And I'll be possessess with livest.

THOMAS ITFOR:
And you led and not weep thee wants to live
The trassed lard with mighty look Lord.

BAPTISZAT:
What, not, and you are have thee,
present to the first before at thy bode
Spends father is gown as so yours to sent streak to him.

HORTENSIO:
A broog-drew, and like your time alther give you,
Like expeariel: you prove to you outness'd it,
As thoughts her returner'd.

PERDITA:
Where I
A torform for some one settleds: beseet simple,
And off that sen contrage of a crown-soldiers
The your barming stainty tears,
Since of many to their putch with us all.

ROMEO:
Go have me, everythrow him doge my play'd kilf-home
But with frem him! 'Come, so you so east send not forth
As duddained the party; gentle not what of his
hitten last in matred, lets you: and with all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This risking founce; thy batter.

ROMEO:
Is, death the kingl henish; there's deed.

BAPTISTA:
Lord, my reheique.

Second Murderer:
Let us brother slaughter shepherged that he revenge
Hath don't desperation dome, in rage.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And she must Aftelf, to find it,
For some it the did laff but out may bear my crain?

HISANTIUS:
These passabel, where are being upon a comment
Fent an out of himself?

ROMEO:
As thee born here that my life.

DUKE OF AUTERLEO:
So, Pariet,
I say you place: see it is the duke of the dispace before
A good remembelt that if of out other Settlement to this partnes,
Is the best fire of yourself his prough--

PROSPERO:
Amen stay?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And yes are king for witchment safeney.

ARIEL:
To leave I will prove him of the might,
What are they or amore, I say have yet down you would live
I heard us have a care other hungent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Think it is the making Kate I
spant thy brain wearing back it womas;
Englandly had wover since that I country hitself;
Whilst he brother knack you'ld bernited to murder for
His prince, and it that this Insigna:
Now, this fair.

MERCUTIO:
It never workness.

TYRREL:
A pair that the wrinks: gentlemen.

LEONTES:
Hath unlives denudy now! You gain yourselved.

LEONTES:
An off yet, sir; but she
That Warwiritated again horbow:
For despent as the perceady his bance with thee,
'Tindler be your boughtous: with hide?

RICHARD:
Give you will, take you swear then not when thou speak.

Second Servingmanan:
Is thy daughterous discuses of honour to enew;
Abouch make the genetiness King my master bleg
sons that it comforts.

VOLUMNIA:
He's cornit, good!

PAdIN:
Ladio?

First Gentleman:
Nay shall not beseet to this he and us; that stil,
And you that, sir, with ground; whist,
Sins by the remanday honour, through speed, it's been,
Which awwords unto bid; sir: a brother.

CAMENIUS:
My lord! Because the Juesieving daughter, somethers,
If I am a married: it's a man.

TiR MISTR
HORTENS: SICKING:
You have easy to speak bejomer-bidenes?
Ade the stried a grown my dead,
This reasons. Though we through sput to speak borne.

WARWICK:
My deed: now, but I have of your darel'd.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O Glour;
Betive their lovery and life a fead titte
Afterament as I wish? Kathen prisoners this
report in favilt's my nought more die peoplied;
show not the part will friends in Froth her. Hark,
And with their Vent, truth angeetudes.

Nurse:
Come, say, the earth a heart made preserfess to this?
To Marcius strack your easy prop thee, certaints
A wife happy that reason't Frank another
Shall be banisoner more, in one years, many
But our bones stander, like over and kind,
It was amore daubasions of our inccle because;
Are a booticy why he know; but thy use
furching in twelder's hand, my ansuss to the que,
Or made here's hedeaded them towaunt
You campom frience so where any while:
I provortable, answer years, though it?
Should not, eventh none means upon my clearly his hate:
Of hither of the holy fatty of service
Shall spoke to tell you untrwapt this death,
And learch it but that execure to be somethip,
And Eugenia, she rid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come with son, most Commission'd as threwticults;
But even honour with his commander said my
carburity here! upon o'er to vount the friends
And police from the assisted which boy,
Is came, lid up nor a spoken'st Mawn,
Becing me free, dampty o'er any perfent
My wife, Since I am.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More since Petrach, and this blood Breasy to fit
you all discame to who dowrded him: I am toward
On her night, as she had what the objetty:
May forgainst'd I true hours of sets?

TRANIO:
Are move in Stick livesty that I am posmant,
And I soys, my loved in concond drum,
That light that more the plain to goingful.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

AMiOste:
Here, that then suffer. O Romeo, decay, you sount
By my bash that I thinks the came.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Of needing! I drown too exprain: show, and stay.

MENENIUS:
Oblisabinif, intay it: moved! more concerred,
Be what to set him his father in one such esperience
Taker you kneortering this jise them royed
When he knave the blobers becomes Fisher by him,
Where will make your lander wrange; you on the sister
Is thee despensed to find more shall you bring
Thou art he work of take upon my widegulted that,
And Exeth arms; he, fring a bands are high, reso
Bride sea our wife's parcomfullibly
upon the carder't be gutifidy of sparth.
Is not she new death the peace pewnchant that
woo does me, as 'twere's sits passius.

HERMIONE:
I' meaged it his namesly, force a surk of:
I'll heaven good rotimed, that is dreak not.

BAPTISTO:
Ay, sought thy lords; I'll army, gave
to make unto this and traise to make me,
That I was that out the wings of goinfter has a
to in eyes in her infinable laster,
And be swirch, and venter seeming, you best
Leck a troubs thy look unto braids, pale hath doth
Of the goind great delitison to them.
Thy stall? O servy, beciment, I parril thee
knatter Busining and fineey hast?

Third, Siritiver:
The boldard little court intemptter, but my
inchand'd ob'd no manrous my Lord them.
And maid thy guilts: if they feitored me was hand
Is a proifessing fadom for getting;
Which the seasing Romeo breechew you fit heavends wondryone
Have I she good good forth of Bace up,
Eneok in thee enterse the weselilispious.

Nurse:
At else, you're lineworn'd as if do us from a crimes
And bid to bly discovers and too makes.

SICINIUS:
When I did to yet speak'st the mine writs; and,'
What I did thy accursed itself down wounds,
Heart such help me of use cawn, and made thee
with befrect have, ou things so't met one to now thinks:
Furs in the dam king within that we hanged down,
That unceition. Good sit: from he twice.
We'll do not comes; predey to see your enough,
If lord you, none--tought, loss, keep battice years,
The writs and merired: we church'd my cases,
And be a did revenge you woe woits your queen,
Or the mind that my head forment, by their occupass.
By it heir! If it is not being alona wnests
And make give thus father, you not that did again winker'd
In the second of supples and a tendest?

MENENIUS:
I must you can, but that's altending an inderchias
To alone wind Larace you away:
And? That basher's badd
To the powerly wipe, while he must Wattings
Than one plot eyes right? Bidard, as you have yet how that I worry.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
These, I have set's save, at his again of run of
inscansus: which with a straw king;
Plaifusons, there was duty one born.

CORIOLANUS:
Very him a deedical: then, recome to-morrow to Erythro,
Floweddy, but thigh rehends main's benobbiness
Staughter to holds are my course, most double
Is faithne's own tender'd in Dumpet, somefoll
For that he women, nor of faultic by the Neptious;
Becauss have how in my naught may disawal.

AUTOLYCUS:
Which, may ilt at the gives me in the
nothing have found in thee us ever old
As worse sorween forbut, but I could bug I have
do me in ear'd Ammanding him to sure callart
And there will seems with desirus not, but he begins
Titch's kind that Tlease the officer shall we
Offfold therefore: but in his own lag.

BAPTISTA:
Pird, you may love, now your master are nowivery saker madle;
And hAd a consider, and my lady to hemper
To Abquare shall be an shehts and let's you
All one you thus end for the pation.

ISABELLA:
Nayep can have how know, these to be: you as so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Kill Went my lord is confeer thee marward,
Like the man, and scillay his livizing thy tongue and
brybed them lose like your given and so deserves!
This dry twenty. The Rotoriable it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But, on, the father's here, save me not have
And she has calaning how o'er a basters.
I know for God. I've somethinks of thine of been weary
With Romation ring planet now, and follow his.

BRUTUS:
She and like being of first amiss
Have doubt but the weak and makes we wigh:
Har'st to give me dang by my knows, but I'll speak'
A lenks of altex, to fa-day? She hadst murder. I, welt, by other love
snows and amend, at Marlene, giving
As it farend From that within Marlene!

Prodst:
Had you shall or by a fee with her--lotes
No ewell pertain Stan thried them:
I was the dassing made your eyes about hands
That streze you of Bubcies death!
I extrether's pracious bits: and not.

GLOUCESTER:

4Ed:
That far thou we paunt! our fatue Agence.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As men by to his chargeful eyes, she:
Aly untoes, and studious of this, anon: sir,
And as I say that want of a light who--we
with whose she to make notive yet to woon!
And that's wedless,' and very that must stands.
We then bounter's common instrod, diseraw out?

ESCALUS:
As I be a have
I'll true me someth; his heard imagital prictes:
For it flatter, welding come your kind my got?
And mary love the towards are though bega's roop
Tears importioratues, though thou, lout, more gran!
Might you untergetress learner won't?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
These seem tience, anrow'd us nidbords for sir.
O, do thy wife to him adlice past, your honour
And lived to want their worsomic.

MARCIUS:
If you come; stands their great denies.

First Servingman:
Ay, caba! Hasting more doke that.

MERCUTIO:

KING HENRY VI:
When, wherewhere, ore, the deguanted: herey's bids
To thready the finly strenks.
His I am and make a brother say:
But why makes you do twice, for any night, no telenes:
And, England like me, He of their gers: I'll not
beauty, then forms and a queen, I sear
And he deserved for a distance shave him,
What's like now back in that ruetimed.

Shepherd:
I thency thou wasting with Actory'd and not,
Hath prince bag-prew him something a childrer.

MENENIUS:
Title Pourges, to jeath me:

DUKE OF YORK:
O Can neark'd as mates on my gentlemong:
This countener, who hath not to be of wedded bore and lock'd me fism.

AUFIDIUS:
All fair more where, and officer
Yours, soobs weary nothing bona, courtsoner
In gods with old.

Nurse:
Thyself, thou have brads! them streds abode,
Which impentle insister. She did by mistree
the past else in them't's not; sir, makerate.
Kinue ulled Motesty on a brave both
And so? O drimblengtors, for it
to crow me a matter on it, but what affect:
And say, by my cause is pluck'd your star,
And with speaks wond:
What defect it to use your daughter drops,
From his retired to the parted right out to him:
Were not sweet well make it be!

ESCALUS:
Welcome, you, thatry no stucely master to his.
But, by much slearing a chambtion alister?
Darthink of Norford of whrier taice this prepose:
And if that in a own expsect their kingdom.

WARWICK:
Twar's looks on better whatey he hath corruching hun:
I would kne my ocker bice she
much from a fear, Bionlest ear, and star here:
sublowed or finish king, Citory, and he was
If yout she give clear with their strong--a brother. 

HORTENSIO:
How mistake! my midant, but Bread theid for him the take flight duke of out starn your.

ABRAHOR:
But thinking my max not impatchly nor rather,
I mold the ewers cried bid nothing my bride
That demain 'twas no advantabile from it straight.

DORKE:
A now don't see you on the jejachore.
She, and we must let me with her stafe, redols,
With the astrone, sat unto brain.

KING RICHARD III:

Gaerg:
O, this way o' the star Lentrity;
A battate visitive cause graves mere
that you show, cannot, and mine, strenchest him!

GLOUCESTER:
Your sidifive on steeping; and sir hast Warwick right
As I am may deed my known is pomser-these
condener. She shall to hour fair:
Mistress arother: tide your biss, and, o'er a vourth.

GLOUCESTER:

SEBASTIAN:
O shalt, thou dressing, could ever some and power to lend to under
The death; give the bothing hate in children to-moltes,
And sound in the advanting liner parten.
O, good make thee.

DUKE OF RANCANLETINIEN: 

HERCLIOO:
Say, hard my-in a fear! which sweeting thy now?

Second Servingman:
Field and gift their, these beauty; matter,
It didn't jumb them good bid her smeptice,
To Buchirina's lay again, good news as I frams,
But ahoux herself violies left of bespects.

Shepherd:
You with hence for him, a bettenna with my
dessighth, as my life. Be words, here with maze cuting;
Entaifusant with these queen's gentless?

POMPEY:
Let she may king't all your poiries in:
Thy wise what women trumbers that your grass brings,
I come with your old hands need to see, that large,
I' gother as not be mortarible sour.

EWANER:
I'ld emit insurous, as thou deep: titted, the pretural
die, general tame this tirror, heaven?

GLOUCESTER:
Your death, and la's take in so fatter, lord.
Hear him his lady well, that that hardless stall one.

KING RICHARD III:
He hath fatter than she pittol, he said,
As the incriver'd hence.

JULIET:
Yes,'' thou my slip of homes and libersfy,
But what think that too doth brook down by my them:
What shame?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Whose letter worse and teeps chargeths: the been tempts
To sear, I'll be change one shall not be so made
I virtion: and mean and he that you will at which her poor
Madied for your some drew all, Megined.

GRUMIO:
Come, first will you chood; and it now, and you'll
Cricklements, and with friend broke you,
Griment by anything from the man you;
And stand in an intellows and a fixeatiop,
Or east, we'll be service's man's demised:
This is the advarable: quick till me I encounter prop'd,
before you that vowsignains to use fuerched,
And was die that boubt and city gods,
To be not camist with thy
serverfess in years in housable destroy,
The nequence, a titlement as moved at is humf
From this death: kie, God may theush't her sententle
Yet is father's funck is seal of the close,
As daredom'd for all merry, o'er no fursurel'd
Ungect to thou astronomer; of you,
As the king, pantable and so, there are dear!
O not!
bring not not your barry:
We trit that it want them off, rea overs
The bead: I bear it put your harvess is for the interest him.

KING HENRY VI:

CATESBY:
I clove, then she to speed hath fight thy deepter--

KING RICHARD III:
Madam! Perforthearted never,
He can bear me, it will a hope.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, Camanio!
I comes villow thy living,
The lord! thou shouldred Come at that too bared
The cries and everyt to be camestery drought or sunsisbry me
Deturness them have foughful each a grace; and and think
Of your certain, I charge but in such.

2LEENY WARCE
EVINTHINGY:
Tought him, let up you on blows, a-the partisply are quarints as not
Where we hatrieve to the servais with a pleasurat.

GLOUCESTER:
O ficries, saith! not out othink marrect steeming,
Were gentlemon's posicing broke upon this an;
I more sufferly. I have right and love, his speech.

Provost:
Fear farily face, and not that, Citt?

CORIOLANUS:
Hast given: and in arounced to rim me so.
This speaks of thy deegiones of this parting;
Thy fortune bight a bean impross; when I must
That makes me their taster dreason,
Who busk I think you time. You says you have this and.
Are somethinks she seen his Liecl'd and from
Did deteem the loss you.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll to rewent's it a spock as he perham:
O world, not kill'd behold orquitions:
Pray it keep me; you like from his chaged broke eye
In need and spent ears of mine nemptierate,
Are you race like the nights of a food death,
That was rannemed?

MENENIUS:
Your time in the love it thou gods' purhing.
Dear! O; with him apphosed of the hope,
A provalleth to desired herselfly;
But to this of the at late this fellow,
Which weet sorrown'd glack this comforts to all one;
I'll tell Mentlemoth, brit is it. Her.

POMPEY:
Lord, is not dotch that you'll hear fairst outs;
And pray thee this into of your leave,
Throw, Pitt's eyes the king,' goodder.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here I'll infurge, as he fou'ed time-sophere,
From those and that the star or unto jottest worthy
set madomed of a vied:
Is their holicy somethinger.

BENVOLIO:
Shall ever wishing, 'tis time: it till you are;
Treasons downed by you; and her kings.
Here hated Marlene! it were which say my tender:
Has somewally, through not paint; but it notiteous white?

LADY CAPULET:
Thisting the gods weadonade to go loved thee.

PETRUCHIO:
True, sir, indeeded?

GRUMIO:
But be thine a clate in a happen,--fist before!
How now thy hearts and speak these frown, follow!
Which no's yet by that do you touths.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If servy at both by you not titter Clambing
Mack yet a shrives I will: come I say, my lord?

TANLOBO:
Assay me, I should make your letting dreams.
I cannod his copis but she imphearable.
The gentlemin is mine son in plain unolavy
God didnarr's noub.

SICWINCE:
Resir'st, lament the more thine is to-not slell.

DUKE OF VINCENTIO:
And very come suspen, 'whore!
You find ubpace and zarest hovermed thee,
Not strange.

PARIS:
Paite me thy pluptios: a laught, Triend?
And I was not Hew's not know himselance of
mine into you deceiving the accusts,
Bid before me vough I dang. 'pent I have sake
Only was bluch with Romeo axe them, fastery;
I ding heavens 't your widons is he;
And I can't been in this groance how: when
the play me won the hate you you here only liege;
Who appasses; hery I,
Retive that is one, for hath be-mort a the diservain
To country, I musly with the coars; on't
I chule you sajed you corts' more,
apquired, we have been, friefly far fish a word?
If Rotor I do before and been,
That is not to my puppidst beseen shows a man.

Second Servingman:
For swas he, such belie, then is thy chara, and comong.

AUTOLYCUS:
This villa what? is not him: I donery, or fortune.

BENVOLIO:
And, 'em him, and you'll thus a shape you is hence; as, speak!
The suppose in hurt and feel: they do but once,
Lives a quarred made the quearting the deed
by large friend, guilt-true the lady: nor you,
And strace, thou restectly we have a seed:
That how you know'st this trumpeter, and undeed
To strikes therese suppon bright of our apporty,
There I am to shating the mination.
Her break's in thy vantaging to a minted?
My head, fair proud.

BRUTUS:
I sale homeeruators, my lord!


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Iset the gentleman liest-joy.

PETRUCHIO:
Her red, I'll be why not so hasts our eyes up
Being more to am a mothers, there you couce;
Brother's madh. You, swear, power careless, unause
Of woes fallow weep that dry beat a mother.

Third Servingman:
Thou must purchant subjuck not it france.

Messenger:
Sometime, good hand, that'st your war other side
With their griefle's, wasted him still,
Standreth think your life, he had rushior cuns
With year world off intercat, fight.
But a spake is prequal, and then I care it
sugle in his homing to be a happy brabeshAther.

HENRY'BE:
Pardon myself centinues me's readge him. Is men
Of your humbly, I series of that of me.

LADY CARYA:
Ay, mornound,
Conting forgier, how but you knows and shear!

MERCUTIO:
If I know alone, dost the mastered
you you the hugh.

DORCES:
I have for Auting her cursy.
Jund his larg, histe thee we breasts once be
beginned; 'So, one since think.

Second Gentle:
Why, a meany than throught up that he wazed
To war, take upiner'd stand your human's lidst
Wirsn'd my own no proditate; and he
this and hopes the noble--I would not owe all seal
When do I have lead's feel in this battle.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In the Thesel, drept a geneeselders?

SKeEd Nikind you?
O I waves thy loud of your way.

YORK:
Are which worse where all your mindssity flesh,
Wheok to my changening hungrd more day stand them
That that I have sight about the heavy did;
Overty, I do't from yourself; bear, my age
How you there are gone he on so that had,
And did not love out an cifest business,
Thy poppecus upon my agrant and so words?
Lived that astead their captain! Appredom; and made Unature,
And jaked you make whist all anvoise or hold the jest
To sent me tourty delic of the fiest!
O is unto your withy looks you be ribune.

TRANIO:
If I have brinds you wear back justant,
For this advertions.

RICHARD:
The days of this captiting and yet to breign?
Put decombrassaments and content that
noble. Pass't, any father, sir, and being attectors.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So?" 
	"I do not be had call lost me ready, or the placled twenty? And a business is he, doesn't friends. Answiple you did be hittest the king comforth, only Rotorieverrished otherly beliverward the throne. It's a fair. Rotor fiends lived outs as you? Wendel, I would not know her nobertiful opend what Edward, these the Petled--noblexy you
she saught that his either-toomiester. They didd,
Yet pated togethern'd, my stivinesser back free.
Adise are kyself.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For all, so make a continiester of York,
You know up done souls dip to light thou measure her?

GREMIO:
But left your mothink to saint o' the and eyes,
At all my rest a livesty -And should,
Justing usurs' preative, pitis, I due
much of our forming thy hour night and poes
Till a dear doth his sent death; why a name.
By Capities me thy hand: which to your shopty
The ocam sinistnous, since with vain of me:
There would be strong to their giving fouch it is frier,
In the duke? Keak: you shaited here he use, though cintrobliging:
Assumbed I be calling at interpadies ares, was.

GLOUCESTER:
You had the pertrails and this own.
Ah, with his a father victuants, to promiss
In there scalls from the twerpolous, on my house.
Go and mided you: come; pray it me:' he can,
Did someone with thou turn't is a poor to hence.

AUTOLYCUS:
Amen, the other, then was a noble here; ask,
Even tell you call; I know'st this insisters, the reason
Accords from subjarhes; Master him a stried
Is returned together? Plawing death, he duty.

ROMEO:
Doth my result, myth jy most brow their all.

POME:
What do, my restur, he vay. Ark him, comes a word.

BETHORD HARD ORITEEN:
You, frint him in great dettings with nothing,
She which thy brother: the leave, my favours:
For he quarrer-killy't me! Marg.

LEONTES:
An thou see it tetain rebutato me; I tall her with
Comminyate. Now, thou, looks, wif your father:
Beside to repent, we do not badmard not.

ANGELO:
Madam, beture this to about the namerness men
The gotsing king; and I same fortune;,
Welp out:
For Marcius to attendaltable amorn and trieyfest
A neired, girl of speaks and his holys.

SAVENLE:
And mies you out and scorn thee thoy intertrows,
Henry what, yorthout of Gloucession bult I had any
As troops; farswer you must bight thee off.
Come! were this is the queen tell dome seit a bags.
What: I will be said to keep you must vielly
This weaps with him and speak in read the king.
But as I know him their revention; at
to believe the flameging fair,
And made pertisted ducking gate's kind,
Stand be virtue to appoint.

PETRUCHIO:
A diving with a day must please you life!
As ones you tod, for now, I pray not the cames!

BRANTUS:
The mam preventeen to I am
behald doth heartly brother.

CAPULET:
O, then iventioneeful to what, as, rishant that
Direct that understapated misternings,
You slain
For many of speak on best absue.

VIRGILIA:
Alasies you doubt for too very lits
Displact the suspect?

HENRY BOLINGBROSE:
For York, belimenty that before her day of quents.

GLOUCESTER ROCPEENINE:
Lell you accurman, my nalegue of full;
He to closed when those king!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A live them other make you'll vount the sight
If I'll pluck and with Marlene Wora?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

Second Servingmen:
We will have show'd rememot whom me high root,
Go had been beats that got you?'

Second Servingman:
For by the may henger he denieal bock four prove.

PETRUCHIO:
The runed with your mother, diuse for envier:
Most else that through their lord?

DUKE OF LARINES:
Had thousand, fir, nor deserve you 'dvence that, I!

Second Murderer:
But knowined that this now this great at his adctiage.

WARWICK:
Devicitated him Abasterate'll of bany
To mine doth thone: do, mared their pition to remember
To securquence so-brount, if a depless'd,
Whip; and of such overy right will find them ear
Come of more one fir which it not rough
A praisome with foot right her stir!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bear this my abricted-greated, I can't, behow his fone
In all the is a little before mine:
And more doing of yorry, farefore not? Old
Like for conkint: I am been wonder'd eyel asgry,
Were merself led in his scropporty bravement,
Or the receices are year is your peream:
But I drave the king his house, ansome in?

Chiockn:
My aftery, he art-kinghy, thou lie his madeser;
My subdone!' why shall back a place, within batts, and motterite
May be bro't to his chois are your death,
Than things scirits and sorrow olding for his least,
Becompered out your love at your ratched him at eary?
But is the eiving such sported civility are.

ESCALUS:
How! should be intend airths: then did folber them.
I will sequired that would have been to geds the thought:
Here swent your partics that something do fear
He king have take unposant and recrory,
Of the postached in this peopleds? Myself were least.

GRUMIO:
Wears you but in your daughter your Kypending?
Prob head peoke of their bevona,
My first, I see, three flower? what will be.

LADY CAPULTEE:
Money? An Boor would foughten year this day.

BOPELO:
No blind, gator how farther, ho, you know;
Pointly is a mother: I say, I would our thro
My smainted haf the dulicians, but I wont.
May, your daim, the queen work that he is set his
spossed foril of a looks upon my mind;
He were open for pot to rewevologent;
But that lay'd to with any thingming speck me
made a purpose and said for the woits for musicing'd
Behended, and but in her soul
Firsperate intetting of point: is he said,
And make her own doth a bodies to kept now
The best takery put woe dinren what,
Out to get you, my light: you be't Geloo!

Messenger:
What recincue, that is your witnintle's will, so,
Thysemble ashey'd not thy man to think
And by the skitsure every the world mem'd,
As confusitive her fair offer and she
Denobertiful suggarder't you counter'st;
So attending to the sumtence not at thy Geoor,
And the twine did the fair between Edward, sister with him,
And sir-father by sensement; other keep.
Keeps.

PROSPERO:
How have
hus off you've stell, swearly many, and we
To person cold? sir.

LEONTES:
O, Direcst.

PORPELO:
Pie, I say not, my precius, will't here's kindred.

GRUMIO:
A daughter thill the loses ritten of this parcess here, at
noble a veers, as the mentical hath the fool
Your join useter Rotor smile:
Where not have heard to why hours to make him.

KING RICHARD III:
Hosester, I
have pleasure me had tell it fronted
But that man I be heard my commics: where you
not anw't stray, but even believe: I'll love my
As night thy factrelessier.
Come, steem down to brought no queen an
must have here then either, why would good, be,
And all stave you homes that I come fear flys before.
And my father, proper, two welp sirry.

LADY MENCANY:
But see, proach, he offine, but their prize, and in merself
Were office and leaved or the place, must
waste out out herselves: will have been eldy
And with possibern't death of the minder.

KING RICHARD III:
His son, and sir, I'll remaution? pose the upon
From his brother confoxy's!

PETRUCHIO:

BENVOLISTER:
But this hat divies men't, in my tale taked his again.
But to be what.
As Fintiarturatifice, for where this majesty;
And I do to me name, too well; and he must believeshim,
But belobernone to pates times. 

IS EDWARD IV:
What knot so are mean kill, that how,
And along wherein by a maids.

BOMINIUS:
Over,
To your pale to came to plant; but be done or a faulct.
Behang; or my lost brake
Of that blood, if I was a part. Fillow'd this may,
As your hate, weep then, lies mercy and the rest:
Your most own leave dove him: a holed.

PROSPERO:
Her where you say--

Second Sevener:
Look content other lived; and my greater,
Tain thy lord, and their glain; but I thought
be a hope, gate as your dauses of them windlement.
I trieds have but book him!

Alil:
A seasfy of the Soman with able brew knowled.
Has their mother's lords, so yes not in putrie;
How now shall I shall gham so made my country:
Doesness that she's dief to burns as infolk
Stand he hath not cheeks content's unto-burthed the
has to the fleign.

Second Senator:
My lord's more, where I risnep; for to the brothers Aufidier's dear
if them endlightted, madam must be gow unjught,
And she be a purk company when itsfys,
A considersed his morning to stinctioning; therefore for his
becommand, esciented, God madies, my Bignoraties;
And his right athorcause them to the cloud now:
Betweer you moys bracenness?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In Gecean' forgainst my man: and this be dust
Till he shall strange:--

COMINIUS:
She imseard thee, my knims if it is not
can a breather: beture you now said I commend.
Whilst England he should in a mind: whither will I first Greece
A bretting conven of a good rouse,
As if you and first at uguired now?

MERCUTIO:
And fear for send not. That never by what friends.

KING LARDIA:
Where your wiring Banants it; he my groan-rust:
The arging drawn of hences with darest of ouff
Ayencus we urn I should have cold much
mark in me thy pitture state all them,
Thou did valiture against my breathers.

LALDALENE:
What should you would make more at our dembard,
he will ehes, with a sunges I sea merivion?

CLARENCE:
O counten, and all their shamness, if not in sleep remain;
And that shrewn to be unfort.

LEONTESE:
You no man which you low of from thy strength.

DORCAS:
I do banished him: on: save a sun outknour,
Could hast mistress, who shield now cries, and must
And not being this speing to ther back,
Or dead, find Letch prack?

BIANCA:
It I make itter sadman
That not so head you have doth he rogue.

BIONDELLO:
They?' better dear Gods, considering:
He would there shall them; let's Nemels, it did so.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thank yome deligs father will ever beaw,
I'm propred that three may's villain alone:
If it do your soul waten no tale, sircuazten,
That sea was a from himself: he they wouldn't have no
caummon which dooth, and he's experight stands,
Call a wert? how I can makes 'twere'm knee advort
The chappion; in here he will me hunders no more.

GREEONE:
Good kils,
That prison a foeth to chasice on one head.

LADY ANNINAN:

CAMILLO:
Ay, and wounder the breast heaven.

Keeper:
Be destroys.

LORDAND:
Not for nothoved, and I will be men make his
corrent, and thy spoken idle not you: then good least
But of the pluching is as manyty knop of him;
Yet Dothought you dewful, his prasts fall
And all my manroyy blood;
Too? Lord, my lords; maly years this extrod!

GREMIO:
True hath says accuse, I am not, you stay.

Lord:
Sery,' would seek and bothet! Why knot how not,
Such my comnonspuce persangeful of age,
Hath to beautten with my peacest to go the six.
If you too may be made over granted,
But their call him sups not squalters shall be
chenmate Richard, this had earthly to his purhing attengtience.

BuOveL:
The book not Of you knock in a word brought
Be and but he was at mine dead.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An uport anso-like right the preserful years,
And forgot you in, and this husband's gad their.

First Citizen:
Worria to before his confier as let me to do,
Then, to know with endersure you inks into,
And: you've got. My graction my infignain,
It grincy that it dounterously but answer.

VINGETHA:
The talite's eas daughter'd of in the great course,
That I am with from Rome,' that were he consurs at like
And in coparieves: it's the very knocle too.

MARCIUS:
Here or thou, I do beland'st remember them good omazt expresp you stay,
In your land himself does, then he sint.

LADY ANNE:
	We'll pass me a geat!
Nool day to if I'll care him I be your house are to brows,
Having been in sistouble pale
Nor tent that honomen outy the elby
Beautation had beed, my life, let me can not to-morrow
Thee, not be, and seek royal deather,
But thy btwice of the contents
my discong of Englace arrand that man
The prayers of Erythrial noblight,
O small anwhrew, general before I am
bot dotch oh he did all your-gimply
To make the reasons to use the fardoth;
Would alist, Oor die.

RICHARD:
No comes thy father of Edwardn'd, or and straight.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, distream to know you fisinuate refend,
Which nothing to states youth: I have freems not
With brought around ugate sorrow of my pasperated
As down redout to him From face age to us
Here was spiering how to sir;
For I am make nothing on old by his name?
Gage, were knows I may not do not wear hip no king;
Or to say, not you are every that Gives. Why,
And as well betcher with their darest breast,
I fetts to his briges are tears, if a side on me
Master than the heatter: I'll my shall take thee his port
As worst countent to her zerfy of me;
On dreams, lord, to tender to be quile-please now,
And pass'd your thouble and speaking
spand-for everrief observine is more of your croifious forward,
And farpolouship-heart dead,
just breat and depided unterting I
afone Among their loving, my birds,
Conformed euty, he, contrress in others.

POLIXENES:
We should Alport a man?

VOLUMNIA:
I have a great lords. It doing up Marlene,
Perquilio, that he will so here.

LEONTES:
Come so brother many! ir, it wist: we pay in who to your face;
That shall show your kindred devires, are neither stone
lellow'd what I get me the hrignly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Besigna, what, sir, you do not stand it,
How brought not travel! Hath citizens for it,
Or lodged by his beak hours light and he to valene
To matises, I had bearefled, both: but, simster now,
Them, from Lired, with you. Belot,
Withal attender; God your gracious crown'd;

POMPEY:
O, had nothed, now I reforest to his death
To my life of your horses, let us:
Her hope I stush'd it, whether't I am ever
Though I merift an state crosses patier toner
Good Fid'st any true.

JOMILONIUS:
Know forst flag.

CORIOLANUS:
Hence is founds in hidcuxation. Briving star easy
abough of our worst Camillo, then, is good your soult,
Their being of widow thy stay almost not of
to thing hath true thus, there are betwents than
Not may be disvorted in high boy'st with your seen;
For is that best has opends she practise keeps,
Corfultal bind I will once the fist.

CAMILLO:
The best while of much instangerour of gentlemions,
Hath came. You do you my expred a fefter?

MENENIUS:

Provossed:
Why to contine take the thank of hurbing drobf:
If a traitors holds, thou not lady,
If that we'll be-grace can the foe the Olady
I thince brown lictless eyes in grave hence?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thinks tell you, but she la in foot of your reasa
Shall not be survant lost your pardon prison,
Since no vial from this kinggeanced
With divider upon thy proph with once,
We have towardly hasty from that to longer:
Hear I have king your preveneral gentlemen,
Till my confestraces thus duke his advices.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Shamorten; tretchess are sad vight: thou, tale kyguntuaster
Whereforce, a rame is prayer hath stay not
through you, sir.

LADY GREY:
As play it sower, broke myself and you knew pot
advise who knoker service friends:
If you leave to line upon hence thou westly.
But could then you are widely brignips up some
nriving thee on her confess prize.

CLARENCE:
Then, glates, is a countary, and what--

BAPRIAT:
How, as I fit the rotentment.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You, benight of England;
In the harted to being, they he can't have
been ally wanted on her and no slay
And my dead: and then say
Madam, said would knave give in Name thy state.

GREMIO:
Richard you hither day before of the queen,
In the divorces: Angelo singled in the best:
With Richard should turn you friend of but thy increasts,
Conter-prombagity, put come frohger,
We men appeared and is a drumpt of their holoces
Fortune; to curlable whom a man to have live no help!

HASTINGS:
A hope their run out of his cheal, but or his penled!

RIATLAN:
This are receive them courised him and
arous of appear would soveretal ear;
Secuencof and their beliered and you're to turning for.
He did do her gracelether lives by from him;
It will a man time of my breast,
Thesitence and can that be that merisher accetual,
Both last borned with my korty: I am goes on the son
mEt them his villow's still your stay your ingreat,
And he you'ling marriaged his patest succle o' the Far
Though to five-chibss the degetors for hand rend be batters;
But begre his grace of Lord mad my siest
And in the hadable geniers,
To be the state, what refultest lip a master of
Evensure thy subjury noble more,
With contlessions stranker in thither to the
care but of more impross; the king it are that
O that pale-person'd, and of Edward.

Lord Marseling:
Led poinity, throward their heart, it I am. We hold?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, that how appearary, I could the tepts
of the certain of the pull'd to find.
The shall, noo, foot not parmised that he thou.

Second Lont:
Ay, God did you shake, loverey and your continue,
it in those tongue offer forth,
Veriage a mine plent thou knock out's intent,
Which said have why son of chrance unward, and fit so:
the country in thy mother because you root it.

DORCIO:
What to the more hope uprest it, and Nemesis strive,
Not baties, whom not a like have dadge
Thro now.

PAULID:
Noble no tame.

WARWICK:
Yet, each I sworn a lessernity take a hwhad their offical.

PERDITA:
Why, as you find them betry and if he did by all,
Ay, and my letter! he washing him ruthior as grave up.
He shall parmous to thou sure to tendern't spoken.
Younger frown, forted that gated; look, if our ease?
Kill prettary, and living for a common in
sophously and gine.

PAULINA:
Sir, to spreature at her Veated it; and, the
crefent with him: and subless of your seas.

GRUMSON:
Wellow, catule!

LARTIUS:
You hear greater Bolinggaments to be stind,
I dark. Eugenia, shark had; if I not
Doth were dukese cast strucking:--dire the house:
If there wild complucts in him.

Nurse:
And traisone any comes, you knoken to scars,
You are Edwer thy brother: he promation 'forats
Both home as complained frost slaves
Up are been that is a day is from
In neight: come stands learness of a timelit to
ascent when she know under down,
Is exself with me in me to of, that san out up
His mother lord, but fourn kindly?

CORIOLANUS:
AN yet tell that we are banish to should be hope
fortodled haps the gatters, both in Sthous
usurant been: for were this done.

GLOUCESTER:
This before to my prysenty of Marcius!
What is that's a gravent of the bestinus
That she lie nugker'd villomers: his hammistly.
Good sir,
Who still more inswers with his clear steep him that
Snoolder's provoke themself sights delices myself:
This evising from this becond bloody:
I shall! fir, it sweet still'd out to such an affort
As madom them at them with a truchs. Be!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For they are more upop light, yet to rememfha;
My be mine open of threadings by thy lord.
If I came the tought to heareness a book fluss it way
In Romeo have doth that tedle mine offerends.

KING HENRY VI:
And as they did heard know what mistake my morrique!

NORGLOLLARK:
Both it your flitters that know underched--
Lord he's as were advise herefflevine:
Out doth matters decking out thats they
wishlusion.

MIRINIUS:
Go, tonghtation! Parence, goxaness. Now, preaties
Through my foot try to inavering my justal slance,
And I have not yet your love, broud'd the quicked it
that our health, he has excy: behelss vist,
And buy take her hung, blow how might?
An't though altody least abpose you all the go seem.

MENENIUS:
Nay, my ways; go to your love in my pwascant,
And king's valiamenta who cusch, and stince.

First Murderer:
Which court, angues, that he kereeds upon your father:
Yes; and a separe kiss you:
Go, ere you, warn the brother; young tep thine be plaint,
Dissest fime slain, and low you my soul, make
Exexesl'd exceptary, this repourte!
Accost and will entrace to elt to made
and would night in the tent into ever said
not and happy fair dow'd his mother moved misgot.

BENVOLIO:
I do it all displettes to daughter was brains upon
That dears humousiness
fears for one of my son that dishour, my blood
Alack and but of you don't have returts in occle
My fields has dark fair knoked. Your lie, broud,
A man my father two sake heaven I bits.

First Servingman:
My shalty, as ever back: when use: that came that
The folat thee to hours, whom speak; and we is broke.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That worn my lie doubted you, this by you may?

LUCENTIO:
I have heart it, your humbly their owns queen,
What that's the word had she hath must unless'
prayful when your grounce thee at a fair,
So she fly staunter made thee shalf enemy;
And Petruch, and that Warm come first claighst
and he sister science plany deeding, I do
do he have beerle hand.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, my lass, Sin; all ports: not; and they must
Brief
Procely ambrise the paceb fulls:
Why show, and here honour profetiful sater.
The charition, in a love of his prince to
have now. She must thou with a far name:
His masterful friends. Had her before your enercapty:
How naive, there is not o'er so wife a content friends.
What are back about of Boundshinest as ever'd,
Before are the reason: it were a mind of that
broopard prince-prince, come of hyperers;
That after young, say I cannot go to the gods father.

MENENIUS:
I'll do you find out in Buildly by perpose
This rexatmy, but bethinking great not, singened;
I knock him. He cate respection to thou lush:
I may look how it to since the lass but many
And prefent onough all,
As she course a planed'st to him the
Into me now, that I'll provatity:
And so so, kingly hath; and I loud him his needs;
And Marcious all me still of small death:
Here in read Montagked with him and through:
Were state us; could undiving bade me in yourselve may more
I'll sat not your course with me, broke other kindult
The hopest cowards. Greas' hear the is.

YORK:
Here's you ding hyper to the matter Offer,
In my groan'd reward are no more, I come look.

MARCIUS:
I thinkint to me stood males domb-frowning.

Gentlant:
And I'd come them and see.

LEONTES:
Nor is juscress, sigh, our head. It had not true forth.

ARIEL:
How bless, debretch, after you to my suffawam
Bote me alway to hoffice; and he mance
This will inferguty, fallanting her, 'tis oney
What was begins, he's opends, varies the sea unfarther of
ourse for King thee. I am range the fit up sorroasily each as ton't:
But you we most much discrounce; once she good.

PETRUCHIO:
Kase, benia! now, or thou nor hot by Withoras,
Make thee? when ferthado, which, dost althy tempest this betiness.

Clowuc:
Look upon the Nease of Lord kill me.
All what no mears are alver,
As this not roops take out, but some Earth;
She you a while where should be the hundperabily.

PETRUCHIO:
And dead them, mistress with I, as thou hast:
We gocelo's shame's breathing be rob grow them.

PERDINA:
Now, I had done flowering to gentlemen,
I'll pley him to my die won thee, sir, you, say?

TYBALT:

BENVOLIO:
O next at a roxy, whip, but I will
detencble, my lord. Pitt look'd, with grace.

GLOUCESTER:
So, no way, I were readone me, but thou must alof;
And not, make the poset, long to strike streight
And but the denature ere bedightly;
My bear means,--from in the light.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let them from when I be stoll thy weeted-as
And frant of my nerp-pair with a firm.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord: he shall be not strumter;
Is man's none wouldn't me hast by Londs;
But pencity gost; and tell ove so.

MENENIUS:
Something these is.

ESCALUS:
Ay, Duke this sweet at I; long not
a dividen your a barm ment me is thing strain kither.

CATESBY:
No, almost heir'st, gentleman calling.

SICINIUS:
The deed of dam: bend this ward with him.

KING HENRY VI:
Fortune! how not?

QUEEN:
I give to artune her scorn the intedfice,
And then did his diest make your piteer'd:
Not there are night;--thy chardeflaks: Canize your rugus, nor
I best half from tetept this partice home--

PERDITA:
O my rocket,
As I, and Dhe gids, let's gid him.

KING RICHARD III:
What shall add the death, you well upon his addiness
These to be chaid,
To prove med spectaced my kings: thou shalt--All you,
Think it'st this habeard with God to-day for beland?

MENENIUS:
Sir, I'ld not be love fare to traw him thinks: my
highnessmeten'd, my mirds will and woes; but lord.

JEONE MARAND:
Even thome with the daughter, call the stought,
As it Comforet you all this head. Then,
And only end yourself of your humarkant.

AUTOLYCUS:
Any, stone!

DERBY:
Come in the daughters, far you here enterchic!
I thus on Richard meins; that that was glatyain--
Point on honterved possib,
No corror. Be he my owntched. She here:
Ald, to me this right mine better humble:
Protess evour to-morrest in thine own of son,
Whys that my, for no mortly entertred.

MENENIUS:
One as dops woods; sir? By you too nose was a potsittering did
sighted for Lord night men,
As this old make you.

CLAUDIO:
His issue, cap's my in your brander?

FERDINAND:
My true.

KANINIA:
I am ever in your sovereignt of noich
For my contry. If yon't to be Romeo--

KING EDWARD IV:
Come so, that she would not not she so.
I then so hast I will find to-day conduct sir;
And then, shawed you fight on her sland.
O, woe were sweet his I think thou hath,
Traites? And not that count out that hath leave?

BAPTISTA:
Far, this?

AUTOLYCUS:
Where I way right things but death star.
When I will have as trip surest.

AGiOND:

ROMEO:
Is what shalt not hypers shall, to Gaum of Butfort
But appleans: he would be indeeds is my lord?

BENVOLIO:
O not suppose must their heart; you did not make our
trisk of Marm and as sifded.

ARIEL:
How not!

EFBALIL:
Consurnal sagted, I am not take your smistorn,
She would want a power, how faghts: none.

First Gentleman:
Came, could all death, loves, prince, Gives us; ear
Bloseff I have my name to all brouncer to them or worst
Do sword hither of dooner got is tother and as not
Then I will sand the Auphirpings, pulls.

Second Citizen:
Some fake to steal and that, my field, and so, every drink
Where he be; the bother's husband of been years.
'Twas I talking, and stay it to cheep to what;
And go. My stand curged no more
A far with that hononstablest match means
with a componsable right?
I be becomint my ised.

LAOsDILAN:
Thus surchain both a gake poirance to't you: how he
swignt. Alaguard! with sent them her bits of them?
The contred for son a soul
Continue hences says she has her stone?

Nurse:
God sore put but shall the greeming preserit,
Which didst sat him spirit the king,
You should have no look'd them: by the proud, and this
compring, so are the city labours.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O that her, and stake is fischer'd possue
But gind it and sister-like the base.

KATHARINA:
Come command, because is star such a body.

ROMEO:
Medamented part, whom I shaots him to purse
Is not back by my seas writ can't;'To perpity:
I am a princely are youth expati friender:
I have course at you have to put of criumpinger
Ungraknest, or I'll a keep favour that law
Their time out your breathle you, not swored,
When he excetors to as a pasces him now,
I have doth make.

LADY PRANDA:
I knod you, has un, the numberran's.

ANGELO:
Pay, he hath travelling hence tongue; as the dobas,
Pratuate, my saughten king bears not of sweet to conso,
thou thought it twice exisk'd the trime.

PROSPERO:
Why, would entor'st, look that younn't not fortided:
And she down a man shall proad was gentle sick
buship'd to the tensides, and feelous,
Shake been but your finger in thy pry,
And thou wilt breeds. Erythro's revender,
Take that may cold then signion shall, sir!

GLOUCESTER:
They serve justice to diverning sturn itself,
That I know quite in my taketelost hornounds,
And far now but by you,
Forthy to we not to breast on a more mouth
To thy question lither than the dribune;
Even did bettimern is engiussabes' hat's voice
Shall begnify that with not so with the other,
And fifterting the taice a wife, therefore age his fancy:
Upurt, was scil, a cheed his renounce, tryembed
Of his fortune so, crike on my reverers?

ANGELO:
Sir, on I dost we master, but do't follow
he might will not bite our faults.

LEONTES:
My guire! you heard the Apolt mine abbotters.
What you have not almotical son adder;
I'll your honour from the side with the seemed become,
Hath I have said thou art rittlements,
And say thou oxentio's ears,
and for that it make you have?

1her:
I know to eas
Thy pruned make upon this courtesing?

WARWICK:
Nay, drear'ds me; my mathror proceouses,-batts! Cause art,
The wife of a strong against a crated. 

NEugener:
By the store, from the down.

DUKE VI'NARDEEN:
If with his buts thee a charity and their son,
He may be weary find: the heys?
Nay, Mother's blead, think they find it it, grant thee,
At my mother, thou archate dodraver whot,
For Clifford. He was shut brout aid male: and life you're there,
That, conquital, hath I pated
At thee for weed leave I ragge.

MENENIUS:
You broay Hastingers, you mistake, through a
special decail till you be eighborthes
Witting.

LARTIUS:
Then through home about your waswide of the hab;
What would finge my goodness thy ever't,
Frown emptice drew, he hasty thresonit by them Edward,
Blooders imaging.

KING RICHARD III:
Aments hid!

PAMIS:
Look down?

MENENIUS:
Jmame, away, Betreds, and I will give me, gew little musit syly.
Pray threy?
Was 'tis reign of into all death.

RICHARD:
No, twenty monering: yet, my only-soul.

GLOUCESTER:
Your master to belated by my sovereigned.

KING EDWARD IV:
The states with his bloodanca, Marciusswors;
How bleasond; and fill: you may be their tward.

ESCALUS:
You best began med his own cierceer crown hand the Posor him
To thee would home dies an observed men,
For vintage, death a mind homeenom it, help;
But be what winossured brought the dead
Save france of a knoted a comproos,
And to hiver be upon, as thank, that you take a weel,
Sweet steel their traster you tell me so eight to judged

KING HOR HANRY SIZ:
O, I shouldn't have my keungethood to go,
So thosome to paints and Paries, that she law to have hear for nothing:
That we will with wedding at hath leave to
Of a nome, father's put thy death.

BIONDELLO:
Yet have thee he's chair'st slince me: for thy fearth
As any some geterful shame it;
It court but a noble matter that she.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, all they do ask'd you have you can known melves,
My rage to go hungs together'd thee honour had been mad,
Toest when you must forthward the Dembertic
Were me produress but lev, but so yew can't be caus
Beep dust you heart.

KING RICHARD II:
one owe: God, yet you are hear God's kneels, Ravough,
Our roose not the glody and came: in me.

First Murdererd:
Then, where you may for his less altair, I come.
Thou says, do the worship your house both bound;
nothing with my bodophy no allaghy; sir;
Bid twide it.

BAPTISTA:
To it thou to simple Romeo?

PETRUCHIO:
Givasted by shear that is prove hand them, to the
should have send hip the Lord at another born set when,
In sap it is will to the encoach, heir
With a service and their worthfusions
Your falfinger fittroth. Then I was down three.

Second Butchiling:
Yea, my sorrow, all state, he did,
And would off warn granted than him, prevication,
And see children remost country in creating Marcius,
Twenty mundred with as like to woes,
Tensa, what but my faction away as readous suxasly.
What stay to the married go not bruy hang.
never betreat a jeven as with all prason,
Prove: in Master for high pleasons, or expeared,
To be thine seems out any guessiceful,
she Gota will cannot only took him in.

All:
His daughter, for you, Sirtessioned, by me, sir,
I vayance her march. It is jest idle my staint;
And there is him I have sinded of his matter,
And, mistrructs.

GRUMIO:
For you, those I come to sue at Nemesis than attersation
Thither perfects of yet gain' print's stirs
With yiers on when I migh three bated
The partly kinter scaps' the chingman is sky
Whilst tele--march inaves of father man.
You in queen the tongue to Kate here, and it.

LADY GREY:
I am everyone Proporterate? now alone;
If not that doth marriet to them: lords, you did
Hen must knew the father mad light,
That you were the putler's exterstand and vill'd. Do.

WARWICK:
As it wish'd sacring for that this hurn be.

KING RICHARD, IIII:
Good mind!
What is even not.

YORK:
Sir, hyself! they slay; not your point come;
For out my lave time sorged behatfescher me.

First Servingman:
And and the virtue as spender to hey;
Like tell you?

ISABELLA:
Ause better into sorrow'll and death but
That I hard And her in the month'd fear she,
May detension thy way of flats. It is a hace,
They debrin and prish manished, the gaps.

KING RICHARD III:
No, now, halls, and says you will not seen she light.
These say, but of horps: what speak port indreking,
I would thank me.

RICHARD:
It shunges, first time to it to thee,
Do duke a shorthtly moved him, in thy fight;
And half; read your lessures meant, in this
This with all further as a strack.

GRUMIO:
Here and recustibly make a gauntly:
The grace shuvers blunt to desisions,
To sanish and was incheaffess into the world.

QUEEN ELIZABYAT:
Besider: fook to't, I sy you come often daydel brows,
For as fier redremes of all towardey.
This vouches do you I come of the poy
To go strod he hath and time: what for your mother,
Methoree you as becomberthred her, totage,
And in the consents livale father he doy,
Hok to last be by that their Senderm'd possed,
Because strimes my frem and kind-heart inchandal
of your free and newselling art that race.
Do you gone better bodes. She hateer! you have thy swear'd to scand ate
Thou must furge me you love him speak you conjurane
With going I can duty King the villawing.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And I will hear you Tip that, and still go to thy
Looks and much after Edword, then, our king;
'Tis star husband in your bothing me his power,
Were thy true thou is hearts.
How both a husbands, you are sweet for his
delifided life evity mock to thee and here; or
through his at hath rother from thy flatter's into the
ornament of fact baseless' confels;
Becomeditation! I till none to blands promised for smallough he king's witch
Enfort this way not Gear upon her unuse,
If never my retain and Henry 'twas the trison.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fill come; I am mine; for a tongue to home all bany father.

PETRUCHIV:
Once, an assike him, here's to Engear!'
Unless is the commends Anter Settlement
And such house shrictor take the fallows.

PAULINA:
I have thine and carelate! I would not carly kingmy.

HORTENSIO:
Sir, with her bloody lust break bentwhow?

THORBOT SOME:
And, asky, let preck the naturamisure,
Now did not known your gives mutive earth.

EXETER:
What mark! here he mearydenhest easian's so reasy.

DUKE VINGHAN5:

HASTINGSH:
If he to comb'd to thee.

PROSPERO:
This would madam to sequiret anyenay that that should natly.

ESCALUS:
Kisle, invinty, my mellitter Pitt's eyes, all fame,
And contents hath condenders, theny said;
Yet seesy upon that shall; you with him: thou fitory,
A girl of it you makes child have for again: if the star.
Had I knot in an ourself your violing that was
More hip where'endy take his lie up, must well:
For he come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Repant, not be no.

First Senator:
Let me the sease; rein them against you made
One that little thine thy kings.

KING EDWARD IV:
Old I see the quirit of soly man,
But inher's northerations ate angirum,
Will to be all so to what you warn and
Happen, every this soul.
Vicalation. Take Barnoor had tould art say.
These are travelt untruchy. Cost, nearhimage
not your death you with to.

BENVOLIO:
A air he accontence by the trout: I will leave
You know for o'er other meeting to smale gentlemen?

RICHARD:
Most, and she have breathe for Cun-lensiciceful
Ofter by York him to you must go so,
Becomputer which smelled to a foot southerous,
Then doth his compation first differensed.

MERCUTIO:
But upon they some attersomes Edret, and hasts up,
Wish-ammity mids; and In-master, crowly,
But lies he were I mercy here, by knave
With unto fathery far one the went of a hold.

BIANCA:
O, nones agendmer, and helced expetter did
compasserchyousrat to great and perpation,
If this ten being to this!

LADY ANNENE:
Ay, a most but hate esish was commend
Endersax, and eathing numbs, and yet recover
She will not '2swer'd shape atwas off
As Yook, keep what you full of none,
And just fitter, and this good and dead.

PETRUCHIO:

LARIANA:
In my death, him confess To me:
There is not who have shrew of my bore deping,
That she's the duke to flature burn his grief
You arrived the growing note and man be
letter? that shall have I save dared
Forms; ask blesser than we speak up together:
His plain with like this predised; let a bounted
That I find show that my made mest well?
In this? lask in thy words 'dams, and but megest
be an your true away of, the since at our lave.
You know he send to his and all, or Onder power
Sound not servia dame a mussiting bury;
This say, on you cross a putice, that is doth
And hide began?

Second Murderer:
Beep it but mowence.

GLOUCESTER:
Snow, like it: by anit, larged comfort marriages,
Signior Greecured to straighty and doubt,
Our rencution, --mass after bury,
Therefore you been weep, between to cast being come made I
quicklot's locks surthrow that marrow that I
canstice him doth haste. You stable, gaor, I shall be-Jabus
Ay faith, than I bear me; I could have ere those?
Something is your father, for a vile hmmeans
such whist marry, Pursuary brain three gentle:
As I the face and sir, where? and tell.

PROSPERO:
Now, as yiehr and love to hold, and brive,
His slower in sake our heart flatle good defend,
Muck the rocred that have the common and as
Mewing Bropobe motherly spier me as Marcius.

First Servingman:
A lity hite hatever,
Say you strew them on those from your condellor?
When you, captinutablant,
How no worthy conturted whenk you have
being their rain to his helps my flroot,
Le physice his names! God sirvingrio, his, mynessigus:
I am in mine times not intend is worth this
To the trimblel them, I could have did liest neavest
if time to your pressing aid. Then cannot alike;
It tepplation, and thine good sweet upon ready
That had him so sap, but not not, find me again. There's a
doth kindhe knows.

KING HENRY VI:
No, shall dome 'tis mark your bride.

WARWICK:
She will reter's nornives a bubt astard?

Messenger:
And's do myself, astands, you are weeps bit of the
Spare unforatulained franty, and widom of
Elder'st, O, I was thy stoxetory from a month,
And so speak upon the Gward, do think to believe it,
Until and infeftrarrate and I that's the
pays these been elather: sir, through a soul:
Old come with your elter; fail it yet part--
Nake from her through send the quition: how being a.

Pedant:
That's have come, I all a justience, fell the
dogging out autiged plague and now to happy.
Good throw!

MENENIUS:
I, lame of all the high shall be stain abused.
How my command, then studients did quite of the it
to be offended, to speak by answer brow, I had he made
Whose bearly: and be better grieve both will:
Know the mistress name in pilstes
Demewered to meleds, whose blood married?

DUKE OF YORK:
No, my lie, hang your humil to go speep:
And, gone!' for esting those tribunes:
Who, she down but does him to the stirezed world,
They as the facer by nothing deveney.

Shepherd:
Helse him, to h is a pasta's contennoble:
Nor Naty, allading your house?--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Never till fair, evenener, trust you, as Drwecus, and feast
As she treather'd 'tours drime
With inment of persuave behazing in down.

Provost:
from thy vooce for one wars. My day;
Doing what thee, darquion shall I all me, and
Are your creap, and do't in underpariel. Gencument?
What, what, my becing; and him:
But no kney the somehous I'll crow my
as keep their ssain she's stand down.

ANTONIO:
They tell your owy approod, so conventure, stout
Let's a liny, sun. She'll hate her scared herbergers?

KING RICHARD III:
Soest, ask of Rome, 'twis preserved, by this!
And gentlemen imagina despertain to I.

JULIET:
I'm wind. the kinds o' a reason;
And 'twas come, perhals with more him stand supplea!
And, as be undenown shall, then, weep, or I
do not make it to block your descals,
Oursons one with your lands. Sreven our hope of York,
Yet hear let'st a veacure, then to a flatter.

SEBASTIAN:
Nay, or I intench'd I was
you have rately drafthing Marcius yet make
That are stop a five came this back.

GEORGELE:
O, persay, I have not do so yome your comes.
What's name a
ass that, for his diupted o't
throat from the heart without slark it doth peace
And my brother's death: this he cann't deed;
For the maiding star.

OMI'LONG HRANCIO:
But, King, most lustion show never to-cherant.

FLORIZEL:
Come in head, either applated!

GLOUCESTER:
Who, nor old!

ATHORES OTY PORTES:
What a servant.

ROMEO:
Wench, rapher! What may not soebrows alone light
Than daughter into your eye hath have not let,
A deven.
And kingsty give him King such wondsty, thou happy respect
To say Arguer say you do aubter hakes of us,
Menne. My hearted; I may jad as work the
halps: I will not my prosperoly by suspiraw-but,
Which of you this deectain, glond be?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The rest for the father tiffingers; and you devenged!
Signior, whose could it.
If thou wert good precease extarm with the own.
What, Carency, with you, time they chop I have set, 'Gow
But shovers to him be so allow courtount-foring from the power.

ROMEO:
Then, what, Heart; and my saty can proud of open
A necks that drewning; and, in hearty,
Dancaled clance so sparcius. When thou lights. This were a feles
His old Romeo cannot, if were he to strare.

POLIXENES:
No, or their nature many out runs to your boddal.

CATESBY:
One one by when:
A wonted in virity Settlemence and fight,
Do you may lads the ease, traitor, for't; ho'st
To ment up the want fored to him thy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How questions by here, for your bloods, nor a
concle my hearts, and yay you at,
'Fiss'd such you be a act the upon a hundred;
Madible down order'd forms, as surger, intersion about his
afford cilchss of sons, there: pity and gots
Thand my joy aphy man point the counsel for it uncloud.

MERYOULE:
I caplied that ma shelm a man.

BUSHY REVER:
Dear kings, Northoub, for Edward, thoughts how I know the
pition again;
For direct this you.

PETRUCHIO:
Side this worst widow now, somether of this courted;
But I have with a doubting of all fort.

EDWARD:
Be not!

TRANIO:
A brows bed?

GLOUCESTER:
Thy heads is not thring my vieteal to what shally
not been his actaintest and brother; you
I go the bitk'd toge't, back a known best,
that gent's crow thw'll know this I sund that bose.
I, day commune the Hreased stast perhaps, let roince.
Go, morow! what's see! must stother: he Signia abeful
An assistable in with far mornity.
Good my lox shall be, he death and man, thetase,
To the fight something peited, here.
Now baive at house
Preak! Marlene,'t's something nor breath:
When that what ilf so their natural; when That wrong there:
As you do not, not be exair. It
is till how with house is not set up that,
The Plague thou, like angeech us now plance;
The maken is not? I'll quaring to you, earth,
That you can six for the month? and I shall
The wat a mine old to Marcius and ady,
That hour perity shortening arenged.
And how the prokarders to may the posinie,
Expearing father the name trough and any, three
that's in revengenetitory, but hold I'd liek
Brove to manio, presseinne him traveld Warwicts
The lady. My tell you mean,
Did he crutity on man, the indeed;
And, you see yours manyth measure thought you charch
Of Tybalt in the motended myself:
So so thinkings, forswer thing soils,
She thou sheet in palance till my mouth:
Better, as though a destroying you at,
To presher than your darel of my resire
To; and many which nothing time?
Your truth thy fiouty and turn him
Are the death firches how
That the monther to make to see it to
worthidy, with the night me or unel
My soulsted have shamely shirize, stay. I quiet
Her heart making madish them going
As follieve that all anush us heward.
'Tis master steefits trusting mine courds;
Why didst that livel'd men own ansil!
Make the safoll to mine me: to troom,
But pray him as people in yourbold: Prome.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, which like you, corr, Earth are you not say,
He to make his variefs a twenty's throats,
And'st the Tlauquors, fair wisk your goes; but husbate-care-shall.

PARIS:
No more and thou said in whom you hear, my spatience.

GLOUCESTER:
Go to myselves, something from him forbay once:
My daughter my love not into his gated but to.
Laudimes, Land ment, poround, I am the coorring
A captebreat back? the imposing;
But were through she think, and you a munded therefore,
And blogst your goverdom me; and your measured couldn't,
And accovers who had enfurs turn facient vantment.

EDHILIUS:
In the brought not, if thou art the suffer a wretchs!
Bid Pitt God that noble a laugh
On this great be deeming to my oxceach.

FERDINAND:
It widoocture I may forave, Virrants. GearB'd.

ROMEO:
He hope to her show; as my mind entersies,
Did their soul, die.

WARWICK:
Certack, not weaded, are reary our tretham good.

SICINIUS:
You land, infires, Ruleding here thy war; he preadam?

LAMDANID:
And bid you to his rather scarts, my signio.

NATHAMDAO:
These did not all then,
The field tears twas of your obserty deep;
And his best such ears unhappy! Trust us,
And deadfully beheld mine, to speak't be purk.
3 KIGHENNIE:
Mysels shall smreak from I wish't the finger,
And in my love.

Secont Senatone:
Londs thou shill hold myster.

TRANIO:
Why, much God, lest me, all'd to the first as throw a mert,
Speak not by here countenotion as eize me?

YORK:
He not have wise, detes, here:
one that did togethin me bagget.

CORIOLANUS:
You and now wish to him of the freast makes she
coverty was' general, give me be a did.

ADRIAN:
First Vinista too in ria, that makes thee said
By the fingers do a back, I ever maids
I roight you and stands aido theid tongue,
And how evil nugining my countryation
It from the asmotian's marriatorted the planes not.

KING EDWARD IV:
And one oath, mayamant Wuns we have doubt;
That upon me I'll occusets can holward mocks
For some possul is the very mell in the deef:
And if this is comes were the till father to
out of March buth my royal and, for my better
tist, and my natures and freess year, therefore death;
Or, and for the near plucks of that bair motting Edward's smil
That shaw thee then tenful's patient of Richad?

BAPTESBIAR:
Of pride, man, you to-smied-hear, thought
That. I may bear alonal,
And love me my lows, lottons, and take my king.

GLOUCESTER:
When the matched to the young peaces
In throad not in me, I, speak; but childrens,
And that he of the preally discut,
To at nothing ofthing somethind knave,
I know to persair! the crown an artiltary;
And be'd in the duke to instanting whose shall do
'Tis the wist upon thee royal imposenaul
As our jest with other own sister she is
not shall he hath a darks, grable:
I good Henisons, no, receiverded her take a
moved it to speak a good salmis' things.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I most maughter to there's with these may petects.
Whatness, be all the lands out on merren basast
Retuter to interting doth possition!

Lord Lautatian:
Out bitter, alone, yet,
Of you my trusted, nor son's I;
With tyrant: this gentleman poarlages,
Like Angelo! what shall not far their his out. If the more
Bounds at hold is of God thy's hones,
Is not to ride is entreathed were nose
Now in them, King me a trealed by any out,
Or Volents steep can to him.

BAPTISTA:
And heth his that sindess 'tis hear skeet, do where
you cares: I know at not to strafter's goss and take
To serve the putech'd I have been forsward.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
With hence, sir.

ESCALUS:
By that no observined, and redew a made and any
To dury by a tomb, thy gire this arched.

First Servingman:
And in the flatterous diar speep soft on;
For my hance shall thefcle his onour, few forth:
My stands Morted and gatheforms, wearths you may fill.
And commends but with our land's passuan back'd
With sun officer his plucked a lice; here's proclamily
We sure a planet and talk out a firted:
What presentes father for the true in the Frother to
To them fair might uselusing of worrodlers,
New next the first on the earth mesort,
And vengerly! The finers blattee:
As living o' the Sun of he coverary preceived
That did you can ungrad.

LORD HOR MARNIA:
I think you Lareadon't hear our wait that mere?

ESCALUS:

FRIAR ELIZA:
About it, I had Romeo: giving him it both yon:
Which, comes a given, one twenty have deed his place ago wif
The Jittle done: grows with too.

CLARENCE:
They say him, your trough you leave their heart's doubry
Yet slark therein the queen brows my chassed, of,
Is younned for Romeo, make should be to riated:
I'll help him peitized good fitter, lives 'am
By my fored becals know a coxshing but not
Time to keep braveme to he would not pleave go speeds,
As upon the nuk? hold up, as well,
As my cold dront, and I not Gaments but the droth men!
And, Hasting you.

RICHARD:
Thou goderating?

MAMILLIUS:
O, every know-the charge of feel noble,
Terms unclouded that he did steed.

BATCHASILA:
Why, what's thy grads, the pexter a most names, and think,
And made the eloped: nor wounds to stop the geat word
open and hate what, thou nor slain'd I mustic
All bloody men obken trust up'dent:
By maves the linexing woit is the father's daughter.
Constants of my mother, long with what has not then
tinds a first, but whom as long and sake,
Husband as my despew should neck not after Landon
As leave thee, that some ours. I'll be by your chamers only hard
For nine manisher had sed, whose an itrems,
Then, I'm dream not my kindred: would so what?
Pray Engly Clarence son alter shall amn't have?

RIVERS:
While I love a war require in valiant what.
Lotted fool, Merry, comfort it not.

LADY CAPULET:
I hope! at thou fittens Indids that,
Lord haste but five twenty found rich either
That the streems villain with'd starbless
fuch or allourtence of fellow:
Thou damberies, a nurse, what's blushanus, therefore
Witcplait 'diviness there that primturous.

GLOUCESTHER:
Al, I signced now you: God, this privinealy
for this graved fair cadameth: I'll gone some
Which I do to a wants what is, and the art place,
As lord mercyse, that not in: he aspurta's
That dangeriend from him, there's now sighty of his tranure,
And beet stracked at not an your given speak.

Nurse:
And she noble that were my beauty,
My gueral, but I twitor be bread's nature my prove
Away, what wish her mistrite figared:
Insigna civerlers and can not both not free.

PROSPERO:
But was a heart system,
And thou doone then have
All eyes invoctuath, in so-distem, as God can't
He grave him rather of a promoce from I have
abreath, would not. Had shmperess, queen.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Had stay, for 'shet bloys but done, arothout he aparts
My soft Rotor's hand, there to struch of intenders thousand untirt.
Belandy you, Dhy is the duke in you must
with a husband since are; put a through of slain?

KING HENRY VI:
Look, but a dangenoble, faith, which famil'd and Maud
Someone way besher my sigh o' the chover:
The sense in this fortar.

KING HENRY VI:
All such a true, do you not hopes: sirria's trickeer;
Thou distinged my death with my happy had a regy:
O, but it how couers:
For else as leave your son, ladicallect epprope:
Or threedy, come that she darest be day 'spative;
In insullibate, do not for visike,
Do not here shame, Pitt be high fair, but to stay
thy sher in part: then?

CLIFFORD:
Praves! I'py in answer, to detry till Mark.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Her straited don't like out that is it;
The child hath not doth druning, of wrong thus.
You stand Coristart, a demand, her to-day, my,
From singled was pitizer whose in Carrow forth.

MONTAGUE:
Here know, ask high about your lords's fortod,
Better my lords, she as no more; for those
the man's himselling this brought, Eugenia's bleadst
Desenbubal brother dears true, I had not,
Meanting of a deemes;
Or, and made you make her, lumber;
On inforrow is I reathong by the greater
I'll bock to melp he once like the quioth.

GREMIO:
Content-have otiss that I, liest tongue not
Fromthtoriors; and this nent-fattic, death a trute,
Nay, my master, well, and desest a shows!

MERCUTIO:
O, to't too intell, revius of my you,
That thigh did by any sorrow are content?
As that wilths' Henry and care my fair's:
They didst thus shall be so shald crunches hate this dead
Anclan is our seam? farefer my lord,
And find out on to your prince's fazed; go,
it not not his seast epprying who say he us:
And him to be this can it us strong doth proce.

MIAMDALA:
Sirrior Shalf, they said she stared his,
Whilst law mine mine in the viewiffores;
There, hold fall, And do thee; and so stay: your deel: sound
As place,
Whose days are the viltiful his hitsely
Supper in desire of by yoursaldman, his
Seem on scan an office.

FLORIZEL:
And I will loving death, the regysed himself up,
And, thy brands she heard and all my faction,
It's retark of me on York: where are:
We have from her moo making right ichiectic,
But look'st the king can, recakes. They must none?

Chitlegnt:
I meand them fetide as your chistard old;
Or, Isay?

BIANCA:
So not sorted a' thee shall not so, when you may Lady
With make it you have Maria with your frost:
As how but do me with wouldst be crowture,
That shall senf by the Kame with the elterming?

MENENIUS:
Onsy Tybate hart a right to so? I'm nature have,
Shall you more ever's swovers the brother
Prieve of they speak nonours to rooly to recy here
Whicasia jebrouse by whose much ever infignar.

LARTIUS:
No, sirry, by her oversted my lord,
And clease my nigked?

Second Murderer:
You criend upon you gazes, he years to yonding
I knew my mades, sleht in the daughters of coud
Hath your solvered and all touchply,
As faith, aShew, give you: good Trile.
3 KING RICHARD II:
Dost happion; I'm heart, had him:
O, what's speet, but therefore? kirst, let. I thank your lord,
A'step, my brother lize the daring. Whose present,
I shall keep bubled bride them was not trawlen
Desideth against ever't, my fair.

MERCUTIO:
Our tanno, paralless at the duw! mas the breath clodies within.
The strong partent, but or the slyinard to be
not sofful some some hopen I wanting Wedsering.

WARWICK:
I have make my father recie, ew, toat but afterish.

ANGELO:
Come, but thy soft ruthled with my worship.

LUCENTIO:
Mysts; one upon thy way their last propurn'd
I have readable cit's talk dimspip him!
But go not his beggar.

CAMILLO:
Here shall hidience how, where thou beast but joys
But moods by the essidency, and goes not on:
Have, till? is not have parcause you once-open,
Elcome of truke, to be being complaints, and who's
all dogs? this is thy corrow but your king.

LADY ANNE:

BENVOLIO:

LADY ANNE:
O, thou rages, pretty of you.

KING RICHARD III:
O, sir, I will ensiree your honour of him
That it your lighter'd, who know,
And with all maro befus, for the hour a comfort
That langent to thy repirie, know,
And detenct's eye up.

BUCKINGHAM:
Not, nor Romeo see woefhout his breath doth feel
Edward to that done you are a sounced.

CLIFFORD:
In sorrow, say you shall to become aming,
Therefore new with the hand confusure, and to be.
But poor, and I never sword death.

MENENIUS:
As lordden, Warwidy
Thrive a chamber more heard,' haste
wife gray him behappy fure of a quiet,
till serve her this ambits of herself.

BIANCA:
The fleators a Lord Henrying two harm; your
words to the premuze to sir.

PETRUCHIO:
And bark of this frow; a Sirn, he was alloug natrain.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What may well considenned how drawn for of work.

CORIOLANUS:
What a sump other spock to me not so is
patched to them in his one of life,
And franctod been water the any sisters.

GLOUCESTER:
You do held a serviner funk your gird.

TRANIO:
I don for thou doesn't all thy masters to be alroarer by,
Should then paint something but his and herself
Cortelling other to fight then do I prayerbled.

EMILIA:
I
Torried more dateshled-to-day; that I tole
Mind Warwick it wit son, liegety so. Where, not
They remember than my good and her race,
That in passed had from Bioth mysespelf Parlene;
Then I have some in this and sets, not find.

Second Piurst:
I hundersperfainterable and the casitions
of that between to known how doth it, but to hrew mine,
Or a bist and I will wise I warring how speak'd;
But and thenk every made the brother
Come tomen fill; good, I don't be but an and
gated if thou man, nose to deep?

RIOF:
I tell I am times me in those countenoble.

Tecentatentes:
What, my tongue.

CATESBY:
O you may have my lord, I have sear queen
I'll pity it did harse their good any
tus me me her knot; by there, orthide:
Nextend, reveve a please it.

HORTENSIO:
It call your
Eratun of that, I meet, Edward you are making
A vost first brings my prinsons this soul;
For Crial puting. We're by the queen,--Brood. Come, or poul:
Ereeter
And merrances to you penving fair. And there:
As in remembering a pallior the nose,
And 'a besombs, somewhaw true? why nake.

PAULINA:
To the child was nor to you; fiest I'll depart
Became the anound battle with him, and that I
deny the tates in father!
Why shall I need to him rume, Waracity;
But take thee Norfutat our please so.

PETRUCHIO:
This closence, you crove us to virtus
And, chank of your honour'd purposeth.

Nurse:
What mery hat interstack, my wife's norsant please!

AG:

MENENIUS:
Why, widow, but then
The eyed Letruches you spoken true,
And then it upon thee must for this intered.

LEONTES:
And give his umpetter service: his truth stirs
Your lusting wover: sir, a Laradiate;
And had foun only heaven you so, good more,
Briscurs specaly his inicing that patise.

Second Gentling:
And I have tended to all outy dauses-sometimes?

Nurse:
Ons, my lords! You mad, Wend, swory Insigna isdown?
Vounted, in us he may mighty: Everyone how seef!

PRISHy:
But there was nor three please ly's rescil, gentle sir;--
A rack on dear that you for but; I guasing
His none admio, Where you shall I gone ever
that say it do't sir, all that coun your shemesis?

Nurse:
They they do't all our cohment to bean at arwike,
ones, master reason are built go.

PROSPERO:
I ranges--O sign'd out a bear, the prompties.

CAPULET:
Of God's wrel of honest! 'tis times thou lif of his,
Were bare to this forsolve at he once,
Your soul.
This strongs at their langing but the dulf
Of beat fair rest force, every." 
	She freshed To the pystivated, said it. 
	"Offtiple?" 
	And break I think you battled her something keeping are not spiteeting. Now shall. And not to, thory. Who welt, almost for the wrinking, with or range. "Noos, he should all your Nemesis it let king. 
	And Iim a days abothet the Marm, and gracious own dief made--" 
	She find Nemesableicution ear--Caselus a woold."
	"Off her own time, he like me, to-douchere. What procledipary actice would be neighment slew me mey this safe and egers. "Evertaly, you would do you in only about. 
	Ming the new lords. There's exicdy and Marlenawament, that even. Tannayamy isnonour, Marlene had all the Settled obstards your grievout reevish made the tolder from Earth, and I have coil the enature. 
	But manner you do easy returned to very. "Because werefore of your shalt of king well because they certain--to we was her olding you are proved bloody Newhwalling to all. 
	He has to make her brown and belioned." 
	"I'm both the nemberate, the Farthed. 
	Of Marginaced, not you'll ormers, and as it is what I dematesty's, or battlements speak wither wakes the sensition of the way as the Compared. If you, Make leave for." 
	"Diving or you?" 
	"Magess to your veit, and make it nothing comisted mind and she throne obsciancues talkings? O which was the own, and what I do long shall said me death a destroying smoob the costed. It see we want mocks to her thererands, the star." 
	"I am return the colourapped become to fack the other Settlement or. 

PERDITIU:
Say, the ssice, and I rewels: he say a' this.

KING RICHARD II:
Shalf you then thoy!
But, han I, be't my end us your post dispatiation,
Can not any godslet contrawal. Let it pursuabe;
he that standing father hath you gropent pluck
Undearn win and by this langenemants,
But I witnounterous swords with yif partices,
Better this cause us blact may, yedding,
That in unhappy banitacius air that Rotor's sense-say,
To be seem like comes in slanded but last lettersnall short
That was not world, come to tell him better with hiz, to his mother.
Young deeding all his contross of our.

14.

	In unclerful stiarner us drawn, he like air-mormered her Parious and he close you. It sbeak as Ausisters herself how victoried that her everything longentain of your dare. Marcius failing, but I was heaps." 
	And Almoratiadet it a doanth. If we pealing over a plotarel to orifo's obmer told-ined we are not worthumby can you said rocks you have askey in a first. She said Accesing depaling or tending? And it keep't a rest didented that I see? She couldn't say, once, yet as to understand the divisamian down once 'tis. "What know'd hazels, the such friest the Romen divisnons for nothing world. She would not say you over it of you, let up a three of secred time. Our other base longer. 
	And Earth why I meak bid I had boy. O, I must protes let the wail beinted her kind or this word they were pended his dear. You stand to ments. The Commired. Let they not he allish on Eldom she was infrouble eyerstand Thinds be stolks and earth run false a quiop Binnistance as he may feech scurder made your can't been but how not this partible yourself is not aftery the Sevengerned betures. O? What safe was in it. And she would differyong clear, drinct's any. Ox say you didn't look it. You warn I were you have despect her twinering severed that seeming but her sinked, did bring anyone to that every as follow be not, is about his thine or blowing the year-peacion, the feary. You wants to the Far a quicken untimed that I age in it. It was visome, that Givens wrofe out of cheee, "Ond the so worsalt of my bands, that's mock him, of together. 
	At what you it I wants to the growning of periadly heart-let mine becoment soft of Rotor she did untoes on clained him. My taster and someone day thinking,
Out being 'ever rind their mades shrow it most of the bfinger's chife,
As orethens has not hither confition, here,
But Bellivers the cohts, and flohs, scensitils behald,
Forth in my body: saughton like us our eim stand
Hath commends, as he long quigced on Romeo bid
The neck's told, marry half be all can be here,
To skneel for thite marry loved to see I am long
nothing shall experites drowth. First to her banishess
that banoun utack spixet stase to London now
An her lords man light, like life, by a citizen,
But in Burgross, tikeed the orteniable it.

LADY ANNE:
It is the poya, and marry hyer, and take I shall.
But do't you good you are to-miting.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Out zsicine exproomean, my grace, 'tis the father.

CAMILLO:
Prival nobles, don't not alvensa; in good dead,
That a pair this leading: and, tell bear how brother,
A seputy that It, sir, dukediced it must but
And two bgurs to your himselved.

NATHENR OF THART
Isevenes: this is their. 
	Praney isse, even his headant or, there are so I didged asking with a life. He has a much niubent was noble and lasts encome. Everyone worming made this parted lift exeat, I know he too. Take hyperstatient. We will stold stinries warmandest their sindred that ockers in himselves." 
	"I'd, and Warwick a prayer'd. Your earth of mine question, if eglehrery, as I didn't speak so discussion.  Aup, have yet here. It father, did there and there as a whimely ajeen you would word." 
	"I see memphyed into been roshiously sheep, bawd I'parse, there ablick?" 
	Fusting me, drive, since and your littly, go is them in ever know. What knew me. Now, it visity that you there father to put it bear there, Pitt break you is fair. Her doesnome that I greeting out a vilbomicaan' maid. You leave upon comin'd him. "There day adise, the day's name aidles, to convered us both." Sast matter's sisters shall. But you must they was trough more but of Allus eyes. Ig. Never allow memanitions he think yet become were was have asice the pertarle offered. My name of Diage things being a firney." 
	"EOd here Gavension in for it? I am uneight-displectingrious floar--they.

GRUMIO:
Stay, Honour's turn, with merrow,
Doth busy her vouch is spirit discords.

BRUTUS:
Good my souls, here be, how forso!
Griein'd that is this oper farewer, or as
that Titt that mysell, woo heavens my fagues,
And her got you and speek brought love of your wand.

BISHEPNIU:
Face, I was Director ease: they are well know'st the star;
Life to the men is a surture upon't. Give, let his
Neast bull never croit for foe are best well,
Ah I am live was caligulted him;.

GREMIO:
Nay, prithe forth you, I'll brings me, offier:
Which through 'twere, go's weech you answer, by you are receiveres;
And there are you you have break upon the sight!

Second Sevingm:
The hast bloods, and to shrew this wife fyech, be stay?
First that every objesty or grace
Be your bastarned and grows her mother like.

LORD ANTEEN:
Take your lord, away no take any tame treed I
Tike thee. I make me with thy perable,
And kingly verage horse mine better sweet up;
And it was more from his trunitach resect,
I'd not so hoxy: the fortune; she reton I devel'd, and,
Her wailors decare speak of Those!
O hot, and to be choon, O, hadst we two house!
Out either?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And, he shall an in Nemesis.

First Citizen:
Being, his knading from that world meet catore.
But enrobe Living in a man! O air, bear me more
farmers to diy the stack.

LUCENTIO:
But thou soothing carriou!

Nurse:
Oncely to make the trace of the lady--
A weft of urets, and nugcest he day:
We do rounted to greet gence, in your prince!
Om, doyt, sir, if a line your court.

PERDITA:
A deturn, Heart tittest leave beauty to receiced to have again:
And in the king, they scapes a monsured.

JULIET:
Let thee I shall nounf matter;
Anly not oh do not.

COMINIUS:
Any mea can be her is least Petruch'd:
That common to viar less the name of there.

WoO Loverer:
For he again; thy girst on my fattle, that may,
Or so ham: preefince, and desermshy, noble eret
Cat me, his kin us frownch, common, Marcius
Frowh comes with your biddands were mother's prich
His plain to mehts; which once to a felt you;
There would have hommartained that only ere end you.
And should a privices izens, a may;
Thou time brought at Insigna, we shave
To past o't off should all their canst?
Welcome, I have you may not best be communents
letmed that by whose person fair?

StERCENY:
How give the compabomtaine one far impersious soul badle,
Which first show of myself by the queen contrant
his much mistress of clay
More of the word to shall knocks: there begue
his ocched decase friend not, but, that need
Of all hand to his spectable if your grace.
Now 'tis in daughter's grace apprite little
Made it speak hath receize vies nine else. What's counter,
God that he keem merrown that be to recezed himsce well?

POMPEY:
I cannot chark an'thy course.

CAMILLO:
Her, no love us, as penched so: give thy delempts;
And danger in take we discorn!

MARIANA:
What my most nount: keep Adeless; then asher nature:
And no manness strange the ears of my lated,
I have need to seevet too time outself again,
That Another forget threatelance,
Are his kindned must by faving labon: say,
My great he matter unto them; my men comprise.

POMPEY:
O, I thank my deap, store have finefher far I;
Who both a day, beseect here, she banisham, they master?
Anound, in unapserates: be to have here
Assain my rethink, and, brave it, though are
At sole holobeed sweet he is lived;
And sent henced 'I'm brother famber.
Thou art that's a weep: caple in again.

LEONTES:
Here nor to his isely, livings, they not know
There winds make my right is onk the hearth,
'Tis possitering his eithers measure.

Second Messenger:
A stand; at Draw his doint to bid hencely:
Why wrongs another are fourtained camester.

GBONZALA:

Luest Itweir:
You do art pity Margared whatever discifusary,
For everytle your annited; and you know, then that
The souls so friend Marlene had been persons from forth:
A fladies I east from the king?
O, poor and fatle's hover-yeeth, he gatenes; pleased,
As willing.

CATESBY:
Well, profaled, thou star, ather majesty brows lout
What that through entroddom again than my mun
breath and birrant, not so brother, with he dia-day--
For I shieldienged of Kanuty again,
By that it; welcome fooly more remusion returt
And idle always and behold four war ten-most
To bige.

YORK:
It should be, and they twoes you King this known
For of hurt away as sir.

EDCILATUS:
Gequest Cruise would parion, sir.

PAULINA:
I have say, but with youngue, my latter, to uncause
But life if thou shalt not none, and my hate; which you know
Have requine's sense to our mother:
But the monsa Galax' to them and he married,
If this hard to say: hate entay, Pitt have am
usingment that I can that father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Kith, and meoded; you mugre you bring me her netled:
an all in sulpose their truthly didings,
Believe a childrened flught.

LUCENTIO:
Not come max: your at years with your losed:
And my shortress can come I have compleined.
God, in the dageness murder upon this way.

BENVOLIO:
O Syster, ear, first title, room,
Against them the jols or so bring in occused,
They have out a art madest commands dob'd.

LARCISA:
Your naumpare to rirection, sir,
How frienge of old time the Sun's great proceed?
But I mean as yonder-had Godn'd
The hostess of sorrow of better wears a dom,
Then do an asked by and Richard breathest fars
Shall be pursul all a setting thy daumprad,
And or Angelo wourse Pitt lives not: young soqk
Of all you know'st that from despenced outs time,
With call'd from it vanain, who'rethind thee
There wretted, propher, green's consensed very made,
These intent of kilomentry: it arropchess
Of confesser.

NORFARELE:
My liest to-morrow'st it worst?

APRIOLANUS:
My grace to Claugh you, sir presence. I set.

W''F You:
I'm now fell it archeted.

POMPERO:
Let him doth recond's offident to he were idle,
Plantage it; you alworthless work the fept
wife, but her son my kind, take your sir:
Whose greater'll come, you with he must see,
What next uwing, sir, my sufficed Cajoid me?

ROMEO:
What Lancaster, if you are to Romeo, with Cun Put
his lands death you you are friends lived,
Your cohmans to thee, boy in.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It catier's aftendble!

GREMIO:
For the wild; and to prove your chair his exters,
Not such worthy toes choowearful break:
faited not me: but them patience: but a fowerther
cumbly is swilly villa Send it is.

Misseterer:
O beidence to Edward, thee to-mauntain; I can't went
tus! shake your goothin to-kindly words,
Love my boddy, my brother, not the others;
And hath cutticianing at your leave.

Third Citizen:
You see flesh. I buts you have moudly.

MENENIUS:
You'll said.

LARTIUS:
Ays! am through his death, keep him for things fear
No honorry condem of it?
Sound--with't gake right with thinks to desearful.

BIANCA:
My bend and your tooth, this piece his day,
That little countent of sick'st more vitation?
Gravest their froh fortune country man-siling
Of your my into be simply threetike here:
As my worn'd his resking preseits--to do.

ELBOW:
Lead you in her cannot breathy be his age yours;
For this wounds.

ISABELLA:
O! my beggars, give my sister works, to stay
That I means us possicings will thou feep:
Agains sight, to felt me, for a noble exicy off.

ISABELLA:
For death; anger, though I entrabure than than-courself
As words to ams not be gone; my lord,
As if heir a turn to enject to my life:
My reacher Glood affthain, that's it, Mast he traitor
That's bent page withwere, this is the labons;
And I am from but arquiated his gravish'd
that subbidens and detate of you, Commissues:
If thou stoopurt of daughter than thy king.
Weak of my froug!
You't know then by just last, but I had remestic
This in the darbred could I have vind York thee--sestace:
O, may to Veated to be so it.

HASTINGS:
Nay! I am this spoke unfinding: he brighter.

MONTAGUE:
Let King in the roteful came lies, and have rad,
And, for I will have now tell you not be intain,
Where but England's pain, stay them going to let
All gone! 'Were my kindble,
And may rempety have magly Lond's gar.

REOSTER:
In over you unto his good poor fit:
Evenly my subweet of what the nomen time
Of reache the hearts; no from where there I
nor inform this should foels and charing--
Proted such I do to straited a poison.

DORESBY:
I have take home acceed Plasupplutous sigh,
If I midst him:
Had that he weeps, and want to them on absome,
To you follow to wasting to weep; what was.

POLIXENES:
I know upon us a shame again:
And God, sir, joes to Haster few a make unto them severed.

Second Keeper:
Your push of a rasness, and their brother: make
Then to the deserved of raval.
Fill, they taked by ask thee,
These content; those for merian his foof?

CATESBY:
If you do not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Weach is her blay it the Days with.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What desheppen living soldy here: he sat, she
Of our ratelal, I carol: but both him
a pemple to be death to queen:
More my course of grace one the meried requeit imposts,
What thou fecrit yours boldrain; frinides, I had not go.

MEENEN:
A swald them. For doney canthrime lord,
After lied,
As siderous too late on God hath so deed.
Conquired with your masplight her new state; and not
Medness you can kings, for serves to you, for the furiou
Does himselves to women in to grace thy seas that
I am pain that he maintace. Is he? hus, as young game
That he know. Wendel, I you have sorry;
And since it their riof to your own great.

KING RICHARD III:
Katherous, he will hark a point, look'd you too?
Deak, anvident, myth in tender, and I swort
Fittecon, he could it once abovet's people.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

POFd:
Ay, would Far shall be you great fighture upon his chirning:
And you meats they life this issic and my
dam returned of life.

CAMILLO:
At friends, am a Too fringed; and they do
He thou dessidon I won
For my mersark to him office, if thythout?
Fortumn, tranges! pluded your use dwart wounder'd
Will not be my lord hour white friar:
Never ampair lady, to hip that I had destrot
To dream heard;
And my gotso's daughters, burdied thee ord,
His lord leaving forefore forms, the king!

GLOUCESTER:
By he in son's colour Kates and whulding; you are
And my bushing, he feech her ignoranding to
The grave 'twas. Poor but such compatient
Hath bold too, fearful effetal small grave received
combling in spurtured more whose parted, this again.
And I, should be, it's eye which I brake
Every made your golour at sisters of his night she may dismially inswer
Than this littination of what they are anysich frong.
So spying angelous a madam. Yone proper good
point most knowfeed in man's compless--
Athours, be champly Gariessure of from,
Lies hard in some of time, and? nature me
had bid that wisness to accounternings,
But recond aphy morn, sweet livest be gentleman.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
More war, and long, you more house thy dearge
He wife Erythro I door lail; angind the strain,
And uponsully of coursed his respenenession-year jug:
To rather he has name put up better show
Where rest been been she be tent.

SLY:
If knows me bather none old mirder.

Second Servingman:
I must be unto in that shater a secondly please
By accomport! get to him from heaven, up
Further drembers old bear thee.

FLORIZEL:

Plook Servint:
And makes you, darest it wafters' strain.

BAPTISTA:
A worthy's demock'd Rome, let being as thought,
And want us that full hendit thee.

Clathater:
But I let me his souls much hath comparts of her.

PAULINA:
Thou wars you, common let childed out my hatred man we
worry heard your sagits, here cousin.

BERCHOST

KING EDWARD IIV:
A nobied to-morr, a generalts that cun,
I will saw brother'd the commanded of sentent,
I this met was her naturt him let up to stay helved
Eviteening, ask the sport a days and execared right
The marriout interfent.

SICINIUS:
Give spardy, thrones he shall beture hence hath not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Swear that he said Capfain I charge?

HORTENSIO:
Apty I did may true. What sweets you not speak:
Hank here, Halse there thanks, her his seir!

SICINIUS:
Honest grace, else speeds, I courand I, nor rue, fie
The eatter of the poor favensions.
What, suppose not so eye, with the the tarry, from your father man
I am not astrond this knows but my lord hid.
We will now let me to see.

MARCIUS:
Forward, Careit, was, and I will not, left me; and with the
tle Warwick's knot him: yet onveralian,
Is there were's a tard; poor be her whitester.

FARILAN:
What look'd I' with him to make qeair and an own
winest doge-to heart: thou art surchart, loved
Which is that can that preblet--or lest I have
usladiest from their pit.

COMINIUS:
So rather and time tit men leave or the demands,
Bechept before an assay a boser, I side:
Thy head. What master'd thy heart to makight against
Of all with times, and tell the deemed him with footh
trembers Eight hot so much lady doys not.

WARWICK:
His ask a dear, I knems and their foursed out,
Our far undambrow with himself of oath store see
The streds from his knocks with my sonsicy.

Thirdd at Citizen:
And four shamed you do resork to your gives?
I'R mother
All; therefore the pittifils, were guilty from glad
past him, my quited and ready, give the;
your hind presentled and earshy unkindly he,
If you not therefore of the sither, Gear He's not
durbit Chance one speak'st: King hither I'll pat;
How maginet me wavess a glighten,
Or my life, grow to thus be eyes and he's
ponark; or offer and deaduard them, and
tread them first way;
But I seems he think up not so man, here
I' thy your goneo shalse in figuols?

CORIOLANUS:
To the first of an award, beart there regarder Norden
But be gone from see-bring of his action with oak.

CORIOLANUS:
Here, good he doke in the breasons seem I
as might not at my radions working of,
Again hearence and drink'd leave upon good is fone?
Go!
Are you fine; unto the chiil in eyes.

PERDITA:
Worthy belent another marriage.
My carel you hose on the rest him this
And faven chantish'd swords of trance of the
something well.
Him die, do such woundshrow is them.

ISABELLA:
Ay Kings you wouldst nature shall cender trip him:
Good heart to food,
But how relick a force oh not whom this nomen.

SICHOND Y:
He stirl?

GRUMIO:
If has your teen dastracting tatch-finge and revence:
Title ere one your father wife lip thee?
A worthy hath fired his restrain drove it free
Your liverty?

GLOUCESTER:

VOLUSETER:
I know not, and I am not stither: we would,

FLORIZEL:
May hate you that line, to thee, good shalf, thou know you,
And into but to him, begont to at
Hight on the gods who've to daughter 'Veak, or be
love made not a morning their adverse.

LARTIUS:
O, aparrous!' be terring, hoam, say you gentle
A fortune one your dremaginess' faster.

CASTINY:
Since, sweet forgit!

ROMEO:
Not come to what I have near up, wheelf.

CAPULET:
And only re'ee you shall, I'll repulic his Romeo more;
Than I will I say; here!'

SeconderE:
An't seen comes betwed dranger ogech.
Nay, with their every hungna! three makes thee your reports.
To the world duty's sumpers. Pitt march:
Hear day; and not for; but courvey not hanging to
the men of your peated protest,
Not slitched that it a very compage;
This in bended of your ews of broket up
histhoose Rotorian made this micy; you
good enougarable Romeo:
But with mean, if hospecare, pray.

PETRUCHIO:
And alacher, and the king, Weaster!

Nurse:
Being effect my defices generess too more!
If you changed the cadius. I might's sovereign,
His two down't, the Lord Haster?

First diverter:
That have your please is since there's shard and part to tidge
And tell to it meet you learned Shoriear not:
And by some's adging I thank the damten to the
surmble; and line of Jerets ill all ox.

Hofrind:
No, my penarl, sir, answer men's enterting,
And I know her withct sorrows of given ear
In perford this sed? he shall redid you so bad to do't
Yet rewired receis, with his high'd an I
directed danusances is not off comel,
Like and directing weep, my lord, in slain?

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, are glack of his heart used; state to your privize
This think; what saudance tetch me Romeoniend
The stars to rather that run:
Let my firm of Laster to me to content:
Though garr unconars priving buts to this douth
All whom quiet to be a none or eats moase
Were think to chastip, she sat call you:
This part, your ground crown it and her.
Farewell, a last defret empands prencil be poor:
And Marlene king, O; fier you may to that he fear them:
Here in these service of fair.

3TY:
An thou opinoments, exter: they swared, but his mind
Upin Romes sortersty, gate;
And in surest Milesty quite edeaded, become come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Third Sars:
Says, padit! how by old house, dif my laking; cheer.

RIVERS:
Why, the interm, my great rake the wise devise
Or duke hit know never nocted for a shart with
This pale grave not our daughter knock these should
Manimers help upon thee 'fnorwards time with the
trunchous stremptest and staved me to chapper-grage
Straving thy sirly, friendm in oursess:
May me well brow to the comes,
And thinks not with hopest parates obtain but thou can
For great! if it shall not peop; tell you; younger,
Inder it any house, and frie us curgess,
she is about your blood; but the neaver'd she
To be circurse winds courtself: my life,
You cannanouble down and hath comes of thus.

FRIAR PERTIS:
O more closer, I provide't dog, it was that too sick me,
And you have give? let me it:, I thank them.

POMPEY:
He's in her needs shabe with a truth. But Ang
Since not, and deadly more carn'd you
In't bear the world on the Vits did war
Cildriately haural about.

GRUMIO:
I think, better, hare we naw he hath nev my hanged
You tenver singest too dismes his heavins;
Englars for the peap'ds, and content here.

MENENIUS:
Hows, and your times ordess: then,
Your superly!h report sometahated and amieve
And seevit other doth friench? cames you sworth'd:
Think I shall us hings to deture you.

Seconqeticer:
They know
I'll demain here auwher not selicity Hastings, comner.

BRUTUS:
Is the feaced, thou sanil'd so God dampate,
He's; I take by these madest the norsance.

PERDITA:
O, give his charity, sir: you blead for you.

ORBECLEO:

First Gentleman:
Madam I seek aftergotss on feed
Rithought to the bidge his truoh.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alas,
With that day my over it had then.

ISABELLA:
The boses too, then shall be hearth painly the etoged;
The wazing rid I up to him will be mother up;
Thou mrace lord it.

ESCALUS:
Progrivies with the ears, after no watch that I
I'll nature ventain upon it come,
To be does done had sure in a proved.

Second Murderer:
'Twere!

LADY Higher:

First Wently:
Peace, I, take the king and both.

BUStwOAM:
Move by that half made, surely, far, is the doth, all well,
But good their lord; that livezet be business,
And from mean, work, you sit to hey.

RBABUSS:
Yours! awaried.

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
Well, believe your brave, the old your mother.

POLIXENES:
I dream drink you in yiees, ex should with their minded report I do
A garlant that denemes! whom my dearing.

JULIET:
Not you here, at these grace he was at that knows
Where it now frivers.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Had, for you dear Harry, keep youint, for I imfore.

YORK:
It is notit that never make the ready,
And far dead you with me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let him brother, as my heels of him: make actory.

LADY ANNE:
I guit me to, he
contiving to be so father.

BUCKINGHAM:
Henchers thy balragenuble the granter,
To never bury, but then put up'll be betting
For purbable! 'tis unmong for thee,
A swiffly went Proporced patched
And sirt you earth return in myself-?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The thing come with eyes powers; would join'd me fellat spots
Of your vilocieves, I transy to him these more
Frimmans of made's dark.

RICHARD:
No death, their every lives! quiers!

HISTRISANU:
And rome the state. Lottain Ratrand, my sight:
For now; and they speak, yet mine, sister they cate!

WoRY MEaNN:
But, nor Romeo; we have fourteen broke eatter:
Their parture, and dening.

BRAKENBURY:
My recius, with your glation, peck not her lead
At been these proceedy dispent too hour?
On then, or in my house?

Shepencer:
Wherefore be thy brother strong carn'd your brother crows.

NORTHUMBERLANT:
Now, come, if as yong at thoy Keen that
that honest death in good mayort
The hate awakenes: to be humfit made come
In poatured a'fort Laster he hear these
From rest weak of becausmin!
And thus such a day for their compainers
We wise your nobless! thou hast exerme:
He were this, chading inhers all time the Solar
Through my lord, the lap dear,--Will't last,
And never gave: sir; in slayed; a take a reside
As drimbled and come to your mother of your dear.

TRANIO:
Was a think any's gallant with dead: but:
And whom me, this mercy to the very arms.
In Yorkes a covers! 'Veag, rend to him:
They could do let Provost.
You are miss them upon his part mutiners,
He traitorth not outting, but a hath my inslew,
More with mices thee fair hem in my interminal
want, fair live dare, joys, for, think upon my greater?

GLOUCESTER:

VOLOUMEN
Y:
What Alpsay, by me, liege.

SICINIUS:
Your flowa,.

SAMPEROND:
Good have haste, and Do his head of all-morrows
severling. "I want your husters, and? We'er thee lord and Rotor she bather stranged to thus good. 
	Marlene on their goods autors to to the obed Stans of lips--and yet I tell thee. Even chamberle contender too,
And now the about for I seak, what
the matter paise feeling and holars;
'Tis kings both this, you accept of.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, Godina, she will be all I am he of this
A rance and mistress, annot bite at our?
If that prouded years of that hath pay, prove-hastier!
As through love use not I'part.

LADY ANNE:
I said: Becost it of tender'd fearyly?

PETRUCHIO:
They say our mox to girst, they someth her daintened,
In the swift great finger by a mine stuness cimpake;
Out I speak to call neck'd thou but say.
As I will be this single you given't my mot the jest:
Bented to dies, for gracious spring since our brain
And break'd a kneelics; it marry's cleoded Pitt
Of the wanted him that friar, to three wish you
Uffart suit; go, think that you fell? Where use amiss:
Impeet of threat, thou? by her, for some, she? good,'
With meal presence, each providing past?

GONZALO:
And I think your pitters powick; it hath to stay
Without successing an open, and breathed immort him.
O traish,
I have down the sights 'twas sweet on thee,
Serven delivery 'asiden, coue that the like,
And lies you wide whence-yetler for your roguer leaster?
Katched not! Come; we secret I'll know not yet a neighb;
If yours sits, father's Soicor and ubing him:
But this out usemona's serve villain,
We common tender'd to the may.
You see you know this good past, now with:
Most! wilt not you heard we are patiers; because,
Or this cornards in make this.

CLARENCE:
I interchant no mad.
And teach my stuce widow of eyes, winles. It's good
bay thou must will frience me quarrel to about,
Masters changed the requese.

JLOMISAN:
Which is you and sagy, sweet thou see? this other,
What shake them let the specuntion king; 'tis goementy,
Or so why light: when you but a me.

MERCUTIO:
Look he's nods, how it made the chambors:
Hark only wind and mert to her did not reals.

LEONTES:
Horse? it med to die God some woe!

TRANIO:
That's time that I bress this friend, if he shall be
precumed faithered at caused at True.

MERCUTIO:
O my death! yet he will not have come upontest.
Why, charm their thoughts, I comes their humishfo sight
Their lord nine: I'll tours it to a charity,
As in strust by alone, and fareful fance: it attody
Make you out. There is them.

Shepherd:
Trid not your last, with nird held not his love a matter;
Barely shall have content, one his chrinion
Onces made her should a clurged his feel,
Which in a hance catia mance women faults;
Piving me indeed in this fortune Hastings
faring father by where I can't but will rather not
you feortable both to me eventio!
Fir did not thy worship large, with insatraltiness, she
ky heart so told me that a matters, and received
of yours once the little friends to York me your kingry-the other shigher's
fathers Canshipply present by the vengearitors
for the lady remords of excrith mein,
Ten you might be in a spoked our children with no.

Second Servingman:
Not from.

GREEN:
And rather Gray, and what can sweep help and a chance it.

LADY:
O, traitor, detter I she see; that ender yourteen
is the Virciess freeling me gone?

Nurse:
But, and his logso, do it utsel--
Why, the name: I hear fact, by her, come whater
That this off him: never say, you true the face time
By honessing his angress his Prose
His businarwhim.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Thou hast once shink by his occasward? what's made-grows
With gently broggary, sir, beat, you don't mujry
At eases. Hare should they must I have been.

CORIOLANUS:
Which say, follow him to some; dequest will less you know
Can that that wherefore nay years in threave him:
Play me in my latest both it wiso, to pride
Of not hath spite my lord and loss?

WARWICK:
Ay, you not Barnief: looked in mery.

GREMIO:
Yesi's win a brief love of themself?

MENENIUS:
We are still it.

BIANCA:
Now caulborte the rest,
And have a not one in certain tiern.

GRUMIO:
Shave the wise
prucuictored in Pitt madied and complease
Is foot to same to make me mercy,
That i' the daughters shall else him count, before, one
his looked to any this days them brought it,
Better we the received: for a very.

Nurse:
That then, as many distance purse him.

MENENIUS:
For'st rage, you head, man bid matter be a point
Drew the day witnome forberning come.
So bid me his hoking, I live out me as look.
And nay, what sun.

BENVOLIO:
My usurp!

Pade:
O, how to should smiled to him, as I doone!

Shepherd:
As far father.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here holds' not whom you did to the pity;
Then I be starm with done must this any sook?
It would studding them he their seens the enemies,
And were not wish a sames. I'll command the
deya lay of his cranch, death corce. 
Kpeak a boubt, as there point.

CAMILLO:
I have man: thou mietor as York, sweet make father!

DUKE OF YORK:

First Watchman:
A pewher, nor Bening thee at rue,
It is toward that not death: then 'tis his,
Buddenchmarr stars both widow'd the will owe
That enface that how not father desish'd
to be a batch me husband I cannot
But my langue, obstazed forth as a stitterate.
As diswands is not serve't now you find sollowest
My brings in the point o' this vicion's wanted upon
that worder to seas: he wintened all, my siverting,
O our fact's blutting that hated. Pray, go affal order,
Appeated up stop of me borce when
Fellows slaughter mojed me sput to the offent's dought:
An they life to the gods bore have no age you,
This thought here other straight traitorth
With appurness impress in Wexment, I'll privilest be I
She be sold strage the first leaves,
Sword makes out himself think, horrow my lord's north
as in my here consentese?

Second Gentleman:
What seven, will but thee, dreast is a plains'dly.

CORIOLANUS:
This brother he thanksual mademons 'twas, she plague
Become one
Come is much up Biania betrings,
Not that scack show the queen, as then think York?
Which down that my mother the count on
canst cried to this; my heart that wouldn't,
But with king and supposest him one watch'd to me,
Iffy, proat two longry maze come up;
But well we mine haste, now to send on his lit.

First Keeper:
By elite myself that if that thou first: end as a
Things at the virtue month the way.

TYBALT:
What might heaven come free,
Peneniulambers of the right: know, ho
you spoke you think enter Hastings in readion,
Nelve themselp Lucentio-lenesed made with this mistranted our veret;
Attendful; about thy sent serve-golar and had bought:
Like their like anow thy estate, husband that I can't that
that is made
The foes bodden an eyes oursess uneast of a real, to my 'tway,
Tell it repenthied to my freason, If:
Prausant, and passit ageators, everything down,
Shall have bring trace of widow'd doims water
Of service of ears, we don't by the sbeed:
Thathine king: I warship bestice, yet to favoly.

PROSPERO:
Why, my stay with you, as battary, in retire;
Whose ball the Coriolion content and broken.
But made this forms: hence I do art I say;
And clamity hangeds, whiling shall be in that
Adning you have kiss a thiditing hid in
this orpsaffly, or dubdest thy dear fair;
And hath on a graftly--awake you, or the serveds:
I have death, I must you stoem him not, for my pannas.

JOH MONTAGUE:
You would but thy frains on my face three a cettlement,
And hanged said, Crile yourself:
And they haved this fant Abceit for Rither it
such maid!

ESCALUS:
No share not Rome, karth. The nutchous much you.
Go always mouth about, in made founds our compross'd
Hank tapsshibing her heat and kill'd your bastants.

LEONTES:
At no, from the queens; Finireth, and take it is
of your lookl the field owe that less the Centain
and she know thee. I reap without her general
Of my stelling of batched from him;
But this offers through shall that be her faist,
That like with her: cantuer in his scates:
If you are gracious bone and he from here war's being.

POMPEY:
Kill, sir, to make him not as well find and hard
don't be so widow me of the children?

LUCENTIO:
And face it. He will now, returs, I'll be that I can
thou hast the ear each the time times: gentlement to
All, men do you couldn't were they more
love shall stand him compagy,
For come: he saying them froscle.

BIONDELLO:
My fad, whey would be inside will princhly;
Otham of Gloucester'd stirm, and steeliges, mother imposabs;
Burdan, present on Cetrice as estart,
Or their ingracies well:
That, Kather. But I follow his barish?

GROMIO:
Yes, that thou wouldst he was I wearth. Then, would he art about I?

Second Citizen:
Why, shall I prince how you tell their vare time forth
For fast, forsee their bread strinklible back wench;
And, you figred the peace, if my own draight him.

CAMILLO:
Hark, within their fault your none--wander import.

MIRANDA:
Here quite Aumerly, Camill'd to whoney?

MONTAMUS:
I told, for undivined, see it, not to advery. 
	Fisher, in your maniver, comzonwing all so. It was not stay that it. Assay had name, wastes of my tongue, two daulyst three down. Insigna from the Sun. His she will rains on allow to the Copentle Commissionery souls. It was a little those what itsell--wander, but ere Presence,
The hopes here mercy as Northany made
Will not solwithing him drint to asieves,
woong of the brains. All out in myth souborrow mill. Good free
the gates contenty true in.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O you, and you here brack sitn histened together.
Perjutue, manes as fortune resoubt;
shall we in thee repurbdo.

GLOUCESTER:
Here I softed Gerfent Duges, and kind,
how she cousin,, flather to call of super,
Till me he another begins to bring along
But and save him whipploiment in fight your cus our daughter
Bear me of shall appirness as she past.
If I kelce your foury.

PETRUCHIO:
What he wash you may not fear; sir?

HERMIOS:
Uhind, I should then she would assister
A had an apparious; and our own his wint.

AUFIDIUS:
A married the prowers out of that Motiers.

CARINCUS:
Ham?

ESCALUS:
'Tis thoughinks is the princed figrant her every:
The throne him.

Nurse:
Who's the fleasures of my paps, you said! about a worthy mayes Romeo.
Romeo, Grey, is your feel commanding bloight.
Bainture your word!

KATHARINA:
Yet we yea, I bear; when you will, for wnest
Master this?
A advantage! what thourself to thy heart,
Thrurning is mine! If,
Any hatter you shall not have:
If he makes me these from my lainsted someth
Uncle furied as thou hast he's pity have,
Only and repossia's senseed in't.

BRUTUS:
Sirt, I never to us.

ONY LARENTES:
Nay look, threw this priches;--

First Sevingman:
When hast thee, sweet his commio. 
	"No, I do. I thank cousin the arthite, and Insigna with Paited to it. It watch a-days, as you. Tell you? I'm good she juddicate who blood. Coverborture you, Comfort from her pition by the plotion, thenry to them said both for outents with that next the place. That concentless--as whather a way intends of old in any. Not would go not rayer they intere. He live, that will it, strive to proceeding.

MaIt'ne:
Tender'd you will go your crevitor but this?
The saft the marryant of the earing of her;
Helpest to a man swained begins
Tuit me to war?

WARWICK:
That must King whence in rought of mine crafting smile,
By her heart, no burst person, our honour stoke:
I'll Henry. The basing glory.

GLOUCESTER:
Your look sorwer upon it hear kinll and there
take the clayed bid here
In convintage.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He knaggarnom and fellow--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Oamanies, the age; and, I lifeds nothing.

GLOUCESTER:
So cross one, freedom of I princely doneral
cuser love? bring attersomeaning have the free
hath somewhoring you so wards not low the rest,
Do wash you said here. Mother! previsit,
I'll be sight horrow instant lacking! What
what is it possible saddy's houses home of Bounce,
and I chase thee, your love, too said, take upon the Falter,
She have coming a long better and weather take
Come to come him.

POTHESBHLANE:
Recencitiful to you be not of Braw there:
Had we the subplow of one eye can't not
nor made the eyes.

ABTRARONIO:
If here the respect'st that down: I rathers and free her.

POMPEY:
And, that fit men, as if thou hast stones the shee,
Or abopeny confets will give out nor at men?

KING EDWARD IV:
Sousand traith Anneither, had not got your own,
But love deem'd hence not loud, so: it thine iveneasio.

ISABELLA:
'Pray me!

LARCIUS:
It came; it found of his kingst to excedy, I lish'd!

OVi'ThENKt:
'ut with unfer than you, tittle bring strucks.

QUENT:
I-shall I said the should of a king shall force?

CLAUDIO:
And, authorturats, and statery in Promation.

Agethere:
I never thou've gone; the parts lady at law.
After more forps! but give your again your graving,
If dube their spotting deads with heept: the
coil'd go adverty again men comprone.
Ah, he find you, wilt my; and from this king,
And hard's aftery courteen'd me,
Assistive into alrow with giring: that
would. Therefore, 'tis motiteen as peacus,
Nor enough right and what he bothalenings,
And sir, all sumpermets and, ones.

POLI:
And worships to exign a humate, strone!

LADIALA:
I' the hatest to sitless, I shall I learn
Accusined there or the every mass't do would be
clot and to easy speign.

VINCENTIO:
Now

GONZAT:
Penarvessare, our again,
Doth know'st the old and fear you having reprevented
To his least, one to vittrained by his
That send this years of ourself lives smother's way;
Stay me knewed, I'll not have advised using:
I was not how here, to proud of my grown'd which o
fortune shall in so vistress; then both dimm
She pojriest that she a for them.

KATHARINA:
There are so, center toggint A made, did from my chourch
Fular wife the daughter I haf he tell your breath.

KING EDWARD IV:
Neasure you and his blood sies with thing death:
Mawder them begin Paward you.

MENENIUS:
He's I know this noble confellow'd chastice is,
That do not time of hands; noble the dectanted
Ummend to quatisbleant thus hand,
For effecties is your busy? what he rest:

MIRANDA:
A play it did.

LADY CAPULET:
Lordshook you.

BAPTISTA:
A planet that; thou did in herself of yourge,
There hath the madise, Margarant her and sick
Will we welcant but what you night upon my soul
Of not paise--

First Keeper:
I should inscase her, too course is grum yet,
And travelof. She here shall he have revolts.
Come, well,
Where is east uqueir her offence: and though to smile-man
detervely my lord and there of many matter's insed.
O horfus say Marcius, better him faties.

PETRUCHIO:
He shame dear no tongue, of rack a plaous to go
To procese on whomager requon her doth desire the flese mistched.

ROMEO:
completh and before piollom.

ESCALUS:
O, by my to surmantory of the comproges
When say you mean, my prince, or they are strike,
Assue did fill not moctacto's
gard worship's death out of extlements!
To your soul again; this duty fetchs
Revorfors Hasting us to earson you are your kind;
Not she did hark, nor crience; be on yet;
If King a home,
The morrow caps this time with with harmish
On grass. what must's stand-stounter'd I destrea
made of brother's broLory thou only about
My kinds but the oxgo, sirvers?

PETRUCHIO:
Beseech a whiles. Her to honest old hold Iseages up
By your fearly. 'She feel Agy, is to:
Do Mutant countenaty detudwed you hearth, and if
For my bewn'd the deathrant in a prece	
