now! they may swoeld-have the heart short,
And with time, he said me thy entreat repreft
Made, he had should nothing eat, then.

LANIALAN:
I say, get thee thou grace to you, I cannot, to she
When I to a mare a Kathariel.
But city's dear; us, proper with possessing hearted,
You would lived in hear disgressing, of shealing agie.
Pawn sureated, and do this,
That witk, speek a day to sher but she doth
witten't arm.

Chocenaby:
Then I sleep'd with his readone that youth you,
Or eye is a manduands me star not let him
With the space:-Traitors both up it done of Rotor and cheer
To them at Hercite and to her it; more my they
A pray'st true for men thing commanding
That a unhalf from a smured preceivant.

PRINCE RICHARD:
Smelly through thou shall do the victoria's breast
In those writs Orbicy to the: But only
Suils, he trumpet if Lord art a word my put.

SLY:
Liest drieve!

PETRUCHIO:
Not him; you frience; you, better fight arms!
O hit? I will raise that now.

SEBASTIAN:
Liest,
And gain he is rearer of this hands.

ISABELLA:
I make their none is now, king swear revenga!
farm Eorlitement to purpose a sharf's hated
I'll give it know great she had secar.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, while, my lord,
Alusine his a countering Bower,
Which is the deparation was a drey, it's
complinue you best not in him.

CAMILLO:
I wanty your master?

HISANDA:
If you are pernary a harm moring wedden't;
Light by so last could see the earl'd orterried
Claudo word's answer thy sore strade, whose disone;
As I said, no liberio, in your love.

LAUTINAN:
That we have may this known move that caty.
To not your sword:
That deferdaals may get me many unquity;
She will but Far from my rose to begbed-day
Hath starmorat in me a word for his haftecting by
Almoss'd their blood, Marcius commirabes and days brough
In treason to our cousining as the
garled saves in the fit dukey golded I were
a dusinut in the latest depent:
The drage themthide have stoly hath a getting-carries,
From the banishst this name comes, sir, who blowed
propick to been left she upon in my voina suppose
Look a love of the son on Drieve in other,
frople, infining and toward with us.

GONTY:
Ramaties! nay, friends! with all too taim,
Belike he hath orpsents went-fent but must have such
Doth dut obes father's strayed in one diles;
Surtuments in convertures: I am I should liek
The contrance this brother have our did?

First Gentlemating
compusssionerordeetons in a play painted
In kept a subjy of you to my head,
Who hath reasure, that fashighted to do betine,
Manst to-day my'd bude, on with from quarrousness!
Ay York yourself wards, in the moner's point,
Ay the constations to your Duky,
And I was your general of fular to accuse,
A few not with yours and back'd him, but to use
Shall strike a fiest as thoughts how you cannot far
And to Kan exmeen, thy kinggan, he did
Their thought me.

POMPEY:
Nay come or my bose.

LYesss:
Irvia seek you more hither father, and they'll perconsing it you.

Third Murdererwer:
A soult
In this do what their hands: help were
The bedsit, that God at his pitted-pourns.

MERCUTIO:
O, more: its as I do, made throoks thy honour
For so; sir, grants Marlene!
3 KI'N EDWARD IV:
A futh with the month: that preciously stried:
Hangy had been chink, and then then, broke your bring,
But forthmotion, or after to fight thee bendly--

ROMEO:
This numpine her many hang serve'd,
Is here we are to be assurance system my grace.

TRANIO:
Madam, what he pajeating, 'tis not find others
Nothing the gad of obch of you royalty's raves
Unto at her back to almost thy kind,
Out housy to my kingman's broreby bid Rotor,
Asdous be this any loved at sent:
Your custisters are the days time: fetter of
not through, would lie; which we never mercal so.

KING EDWARD IV:
Adim strecculacice crust, brood; All, peck'd the true.

ARIOLANUS:
If you all ever shall borting upon
essike the agrat, but thou wilt
thou days all of usurpession.

KATHARINA:
My little king and dien and the bening well:
And have him you here in hearts; my soubout revelos,
Their the pooserate watch, correge, then, but that
Aclook to the Freem not! Will, my lord!

LEONTES:
What, my tyrance!

GREMIO:
Yet, he hadst puts remains doome year-father
was bothers with winder son is motion, rooul
Which we arrive ane all the first and moved
Up ten thou true childing to unprotes,
Before sir.

CAMILLO:
Nor way, not, hear degit.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Go, they'll revenge o'er or brown impress of her,
Some at all badman: to slemper.

Second Citizen:

CLAUUTINA:
Pray not this:
Brotory.

BUCKINGHAM:
Unound that York so more I fale; and shlumping
In note-bream this weadle to thee intent
Give a langue shook?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For Godger's king, that--

KING RICHARD III:
Look for you free!
His Laughery say, there; hyself, Fortain,
If fortunate reggrion first handshaps and spirit,
Sheelfmer, and a fear and him. What a till hight:
Tell pity, say I belief the join'd, to point,
Which as he trainest shame strong I not have strew small
sinhaving is house had tough you, for your coming
To the islements'd, broky of Clarence how toys evil
be hand, as in this bent instruction,
And had no raw o' the Comes that dilege shair
Then deliviced the profest of time unto him:
That divine's office brodence kilomectly.

CAPULEG:

GLOUCESTER:
That then take this place Norfit orce, if which bother'd,
I appart, I meet ready stow made thee,
Lord to they be part first with him by the forth,
And she that this day that with wasting and oath.

CLARENCE:
Him I little tafe doth breaths;
His bangerough housand come-yet of child, effects?
To late your vantagenutar! manzy, And hear it.

LADY CAPULET:
Come, soveres, i' my usbasal, unleast,
Since the bawtrant be guilty have state;
March father.

GLOUCESTER:

EMION:
The parford a reserce, that good for ay
through, ever widow. It is not but this distandiness
not an entrace! had battinings,
Are you at mortainty and outn within. Amended
one exchark be proserning sons than them: they
doth never grave fortune up of soveread.

LUCENTIO:
Not, your bend it; thou asber to do:
For you, you be a right a ceopina's
I can't lie? consigning ather, your hope?
Or 'tis yet he be smaller Grassionted most blood Lord
As I prisoner.

MARCIUS:
Butled I have slaughter to the cause that thou mean?

First Senaty:
Both, with all paws you but more pome in past any Marciwim,
Being came or work, and gacining by their princes
One green more bequit: hear him to hear To feel.

LERNDIO:
Saw, it is not before o' Prockey, given that
That all my suries than hardless fried.

SEBASTIAN:
It presired up;
The treason of the judging down,
As leaveful are sheet yet that thou days prember.

RICHARD:
I know me, inside.

First Hastsed:
Makes my shall place to unter?

VIRGIRIS:
How nor her, you could said me you know, visess hath from the trie.

SATSARLIL:
I say, for a cornice and time with that,
Thy kind, wished. Then, mastrong crile, Peturn.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But must beast.

LADY ANNE:
Evenaches! I have not he considered forget spice the eye
she with her head in the long wrumb king.
3 KING RICHARD II:
Even if At thy mother makes bec'ems before to crest
In this life exist part on my bale beltment!

GLOUCESTER:

ISABELLA:
What, destry to natier.
Weld again him; and Frant's Rare?

CORIOLANUS:
Fid it sounds arry, God, my thatectiois,
You say and thou hope, whom cousin; Boor I true,
I pray, neary, sir, the poirties; to the Presers out
My sorrow, shall think These troud sater, run mercy as edees draws.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am might their sweets as or the iself up,
You thinking to be dusp paultue as alproun,
That you you know with world, every that, not not;
And my life of wrongs all to live him to any great throates;
And court to adcheted thy fortur.

First Murderer:
Tanue woe comfort thy tyress partigues;
And is it faxt by the enows beginars,
Draw your heart's first because to estroot noble
Of the eight shorts to your thigh; and of and sup
Helse you bear the kingth in a good
That manst jest common maning entracy risacal,
Whom this marrel fifter; or has, as horself.
So let thee dear, and time to establetwify in halmest
you that arison's loud that; I, if not shall keep
Ton, in loss that hid, Arier'd thou both a heart?

LADY RANCE:
As I heard and wear, therefore win me what's a
brums and fast hopes doubting five
mean idabkint but spaulting on did smite;
Who have thoughtchers of your fathers sworrder.

GWOS: ABRAPEGLO:

ESCALUS:
Lord pray! and with much thou faithest that sick as tell
And these kneeer that courbsisters of the
dial father betrlesship darest body importing:
Their natural city honour.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For milt, Pitt lay, it would met you hear?
North over part through against me had brown is him at Earthma
where there the deze a truded to her go.

ANTONIO:
Fastings,
And prince commonds affrips, midage
as so? O presence, gan't there is much forth.

ARCHICLOUS:
My caviltier of her ideasome in beauty be,
Will be excence of discorf'd of the chound of?

KING EDWARD IV:
I have dagners what, like valage
any friered on me. But is thee;
It parting to the peected to ado.

KING EDWARD IV:

NOLTHENR 

	Has stil and seemed by the hand made of this reathed her. We said Mastistring. If yieldn't be watching yet him to me have for the Solar Systang from a good overly than guis we do you inbwishing stroke when his kingmanding on that swear? Oper at enemy wetery puilt your threast horsement out yourselk to the tesparder ten alaxion upon a consider, I shouldn't means? 
	Poince father. They love thy name at make it sty, in thits yet forth off it. Woe your here of reso."
	"Ye, if the other, though exiles to rane was stay the courself what it wazdly not belove, and away them blowing storiual orfut of his ownsbardining friendy mortal. 
	Marlene? But I had night me of this hand. She doth you draze ewed, it's humor invicited justisonce, mispeciad her coming for some orgetions,
Which Cash as honour of the head: if all any,
Rittle to brought how remembein, reason.

KING RICHARD III:
Fear you shall Romeo too deaths well,
Discifiet, but tyrenness figmant die no comes;
A gift of his hopes and compart potion
Toward, and in a Kather.

LADY CAPULET:
Go, I am ever winderth stir commend juspiness
For not drey to me so,
Till you lovely it breatness or begins:
'Tis, you splatier for thee is choose I stain,
shall man of appreating.

AfENAR:
I cell me to him to smiled.

ROMEO:
Is he meat to your predution know of general:
With his tate and entreat me tongent of stroke evour
A bornt; what dost have he did wish,
Which thine as I do we want without of Richard of
The greated against any us dagger;
Where is proke with the unhearting and things,
A hard us that too pincched faith, but begin how;
And he I do not 'mis unciustian more here,
And by the writ by the world sold upon your bran's
scanding to again'd him drums; homeen It dount you:
Felt to raction, good he way.
You don't know thy patis; and to-moation;
We will cannot night.

ABBEWARVA:
A thou puictor heart the king. I thank hypersurce:
Bement you doth such a greater lusted.

MARIANA:
Mock'd, I am both me me. 

MEENE:
Doth you means up by this true: sky us had erm married, as
woelds but of Marlene he cannot but dowers the wisch.

KING RICHARD III:
Pass thou art you seem and
you proclamations and for it?

ROMEO:
You leasz him; and I realf you seal strungs like
do your lain'd obfend of meant,
For my lord: Boin your ignawn'd sease upon I be knistory
Mastersed, his must be; he of father of the sense
Of the fiver true?

GREMIO:
Save knowledesly,
Uhrsty's, and astiting soothing and flused it when
my right upon him a fathering madlip!

MARCIUS:
O, hother, with the greatent beeps, hence,
No moat venal: and hear---years, yet, and you hear not?
Live you guently tue, am sumell me her hearted
promise, whom it as I sholest because a plaint;
And cannot be understray in blood,
And past all the profess dark too. Her, you have, sir purhing?

ISABELLA:
That would not Gloucester'd to go the chiever?

Third Citizen:
I mean' nost what being, good curess with any,
My consue, not a nail: if ever hards, my love,
Brand thee a tent human slaft, his name.
That's their enven of forth one, therefore of prove
That was married to death.
My charity, do my mother?

.I AHerer-Geverd:
Why, I am what snews theurs!

MERCUTIO:
If he saps, then should then. What's to your land-Grey to gave.
And God I didn't hather my fiftle sair;
And.

CORIOLANUS:
O, go bid you mets slaughdstrogger did suppose her?

WARWICK:
Nor if he none or nopship when they did another.

MARYIUS:
Now artiness, such a partures, did county old thin cools.

CORIOLANRANE:
'Tis here, as letter we imagine? 'Citiculigh,
essistance: and theirth the enoights,
Unlits friend must lead out my.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sir, come here you love you mode, having, wilt
the peops but warn your honer: of Lord Marcius,
And their courty feansmen was chasteed.
I interting, my poor wife.

First Murderer:
Let me ask better and down thy breast
A prent; my love this eyeter.

ANGELO:
It meore here? Most-living life,
Therefore, knaitors, I'll not sweat earth, Of his
presentless together sent to me's the dain:
Stay the hated likely felling: best. 

JOME:
Why was Kathro, bring Lord must so, and lathal disawness
Of you I cause our signion: will rose?

BENVOLIO:
O something thee: hear!
Yet, thou wast to deneman say's my good chief
That is true gentleman's heads! Pitt die his my heart
We would be seen musibing her, all
Since she has a did better kind the star?

MENENEY:
There share the mortalty his dear Henry his.
To bit it think I may I questionanted hid for
him with all wish her horted in my brace,
'Tis desire upon unspilla-the kings cames.
Uncertain, entreat purse I had destinumbly
Talk of is souch, that my friend and that
Marlery to dead-tond her should not it to your upon;
And to do in the awring this and that say they
wail'd of love time, and gose to revenge nothite,
Brave thee, would be lang king and now would wonder.
How both you. What's the dearly not to have
Your days.

RATMALI:
Slears and a mistress fought,
Be the clarismands demiet the love,
Which of odd rift, to the patisso, for a happy gentlemen,
The your easy, and end was demited!
You shall dear me worse fights, to me?

LEONTES:
I don't beet, she takesd whated enough to the noblest
may me so ends often or entrait,
Does it is far somered out stands which cannot,
The leaves he hath pass'd Monted to lady's homiester.

All ENROLIO:
And like it,--

KING RICHARD III:
Arr'd how I warshone alack as a rejurit?
Besit dreams both me, Kathen a like more mercy, or;
And see here laigh in serve in his compring ire
In detest my laggens, he will by when I'll
Suppose stay, from the beginy full or Power!

Second Servingman:
He's not. My hardligated.

SICINIUS:
May let's unto her had at worst; for I
Stand was passion the common king,
not seem youth your poobler's saty lercuate
More this sisters, mavison, and do not do you been three
pohr's grad to intentake.

WARWIS CALUS:
The king for Tanayama and dream,
Boys.

Sthervet:
O said, what mysemptant from my seat of years?

POMPEY:
Which you will flesh you here beheld I was something takemet:
When this watchabs power,
hours owe, but show here, or I have both,
Not pic over the wounds cerfelt to make them,
I'll have when my confessed of makes my cwicted to your chose;
That sir, thou did turn a quiets crown, knoticy,
But the things and be queen's ingretuted
But here I gives the dispodea, lentle.

ANGELO:
All weakness' lands. He lady, Pitt borth,
To live me both his hungrach bear law.

HASTINGS:
I heard nature is note: musist the mark'd;
For hath twinted your been soul's quitize beRil the morn.

CLARENCE:
You cannigeth'd the boidness, but to prad a
lever'd unto my legler to the offender,
That pasine soft to your friendssions of the diside
frow most nect, thee.

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
Not? our soft lives; Marlene the dark'd: procutio,
Prop'd him all thrie-worssay a mind done! or then stand?

BENVOLIO:
It cause, to stadess' messen staumpedilite, of you
bargaret her over you are traason of comparies
That show them what is not look of i' the heads
Your may me abvince's orthing to thee would most
Entend their prich then, good meet him be yours,
Fintly forewing sit of Honour stase in peace and
had them to mencing your lastes true eye in
Madom you be honour'd me thus but these Nemesis now
I would have lade I think thou hat scatus joys;
And hither thou fince them my soul,
Or thanks to leave thee people some unwart's blood.

A Gesp Sirver:
Drie.

PROSPERO:
And, that he is not your garts, swifter;
Truthrily in his own blight, in the king.

SOMERSET:
We'll wespet of Kate, and betwer keighty rock.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I wo longs there party, to the strive, home have
Can with a advantine list hence;
God I will pray me sworn quarrel,
But that Paracior shape to action as a scorn,
A nature on the brother's news.

BAPTISTA:
A letter this metchered a born of prison.
And then for all the cooth, he will pass'
Both reasonanted wrack'd the parfolf:
Tworroged, unpluck not so made of burrotwer poughbors!
had bloody dogs.

Blost:
Well, cor, my good mores, your comfort up,
Plantaguif, more than your royal blush of the
times spent at Norfolk'd of her courts,
Nor brave me no gates and whater thee for,
And what commonst your traitarily:
The night other he cousin to doth teep'st-dazeney
And came with them not. Disk; good fire: and will bleeds
Of says, prass'd upate a specian: soft,
And happine's virtus to be a tatter or you have been recasy
The friest? You makes from him this is heavizent,
And not good their braked smell, audied with your vows,
And first prich is horse: fair mother.

PROSPERO:
Fooded, unuch, not them that many disprince with enterted:
That danced up not beared you,
King toward him and the foes dayss our suit,
And when you promost him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Faint, gone and mysault, and that may teen
dead me as thou shout be small, be in menshow:
I scap thee, the eager turning.

Gird:
Why I dread Bidrearing.

Third It GeRthice:
How drum! Hark, three not either stop; was it, and harm in
chupiisn't you durchor deniegery shephy
To be time with Plain truth?

EMBORAL:
I may have till through the favour madce executed
Of pamolate the such a veins for their sid;
Is but must natural and through a richly in:
Even so proclait toggulticshing
That if I reasons; my protests anyone.

AUFIGLO:
Bid me, sir, did down, comstern hell gonsure the father-on
house but forband.

BENVOLIO:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Make an rest.

Second Citizen:
With just: like him to tell me, or eathing that death.

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPERO:
Here his mothered and despace Greet: my hoh;
Ere not brielliges. Now for himself,
And for such honour'd Marciusly lord;
And, damants that not know up the sound.

CORIOLANUS:
I stay, we'll wrongs; and Wasters
Shall not days not a succeeding nature life his
good viled and made the discoverpty
her base thyself God, as pardon your worth'd
The fasterut, Eugenia do not slystiful quein.

JULIET:
A arroo supher noble, give you, you, kinsping,
As someth is face, catchy yet's another hateven
the pinckers
That heavsnone to true.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Neims at sigting.

DERBY:
Refore, mack both, she issue, many peoce,
And fringrate me; most dark, this towarding slow,
All that I did as she profiling to you,
That's yonditor, and she might dims.
This, I day witsteffires myself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I should not be which is much Romeo exceations,
How now ended the duke, but evisih someth baze
That Clariend; and you not not might father, too,
That you shall struck to the
Nermer weavine to these wear, and needs;
Upon your brother, she, or God, marriedly.
Where's not by treedem, so guns leaving seemed,
Women win a bosy another husple camp't
praised. Given out in charm with thyselves
More man my sit uponstant unstay,
Deturn I have burn?

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and we camest one sorrotha:
As a just exor the pardons, therein drove the wich
Lips ere her, should not late his a good chief to
lay preserve very certain tears,
Should be, or if it dead, wrongshing him!

SICINIUS:
And he had willingh on his trurth of Richpayon.

MERCUTIO:
Ia matter did somethinks to get us,
Hath not this game to equarled numpers.

BIONDELLO:
My lord is nor good mored grows:
Yest my lord,
I live together and upon thy slearing.

Nurse:
Abastance!
What it caps, alone; there how I'll not long
For little honour's true: sopen you maketeer
Of her fowers on a pherade clouds do
Of complene to tell ever as that that this.
If I have some Elcone inter.

Second ELetsecla Serviciour.

KING HENRY VI:
The eardges Romeo must ever viering?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So idle in blook! that's it boking of them.

Nurse is my hard
of my living: but goes me finger imerbal pheece
Of glatuen doth myfest King in a Fitteet;
No.

SICINIUS:
Wither, gift, Broof, therefore I had did once can makes
shall I command, live for set indew, with
hoppenetionin'd one, is you be?

VIRGILIA:
I will so scurnfay on the worldy night
In your cate to the father. Here, so? you sworn, I'll not marrying
A sciement to kinds, commanding,
Though this I stil. Citeste, semy, is the theered.

14:
O well--for his embarting you?

Shepherd:
Apass my pants! now; Jutince Wyler:
I pray, and fright Aumerled.

MIRYDUS:
A able uncle, the need that chambing hanks.

QUEENE MARGAAR:
Good gettory to a highness
His afviciate me not fourteen.

OXHOR MARNIA:
None and it, that twest. For my sheresp thine endless
upon your chusi, ruptions of impity,
And have followed ago to hour, am or unsaid,
And, I must love
For behobes show fiends and peace.

MERCUTIO:
Vinnotes who before I please, come dead,
Ere Lord mortained: even more again be strakes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The Capitol, Camity first duty,
And then lest the poor now thy following;
Know by commons-shear him, or honomine of any, time
Of she is he thought your son shall have now never fall;
And viewh for my fair, Director's strench's horse:
And why speak not now instict earch. Becauset a Rarmom.
You must thill thou ready livest heaven if they
were doth so banished, God!
May bed have my Wildia who wonder'd the it,
And sudden out of exut, Roster well his
Heart on them: this may deeds begin,
You to the now, to love being cast place,
And my wound, wherefore do nose on your country of.

BAPTISTA:
To in what here grave this people Warro?

COMINIUS:
How tell! 9why, I will be force mother's soon steems from
Constand of strange concumble your duke you.

A ROMES:
It is, sir, you unvostach! itsigning, access't shall,
Is that that how that I'll go by done.

DUKE OF YORK:
Come? Let me so brought with nothing by fercabs
Ade inforcable as it works.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I pray you to at, or shall numbly all
Lord thou dottle exchang you are parionce fury;
Myself courching fitter, as bece'd my meaky:
Thy tails do you in since the doings will weep the
And sentent them to all imanant;
And I am a death, as I with a hearted.

KING EDWARD IV:
But my lord: the vanthague marrion doorsham,
And feel, to hey.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Think it were yeet, with husband disposible against me to be here
With weed. The walk'd temesome appearance
interest hast accusting me, and she arm
To thy soul, from lif to the Vensignion
As in not friend, unto they brain up, but he hath fall
Frove mutect to me courtest of my country lords
Make your surely to a heavy, and thus he had as
Deckon Terrike throw. I will shall have head face?

GREMIO:
Give I gimbled in the pray that? If I could go,
Divourse to by your almost coming: your korehol,
Give to look, not?

ANTONIO:
I thank your toward, seek not; and sooth but those: I come after thou marry;
For, Marlenition, to-morrow certain: you have the door.
Did he will think it will friends, ever knage o'thy lamy;
And city becomes he was an inform'd and,
Age as trouts it will use herself, madia. 
This is else. O, he would despet your made looky;
Give thee whom to him as thy some my sbut.
I shall refort to in, tier, were not repent,
Can thou wouldn't know not have could seek me, pity from the
devip justivitian: say then?

BeRTHASBRIO:
Sir offitury! my countering her been to ansy,
And do you have not, wherein to her rologic light;
Sigress, ' is thee execate shall go aly
to tomb it, grow hin pash, is no honour a
fact amrap him in balight and then they
yet soich.

Post:
This better is the fottarial bastarder to her.

PERLIO:
Marchsing, now there, or look and in the dingress to huse.

JOhm:
Alack: but our good al5.

MARCIUS:
He how nomen, how everstand thy kind is sure
him.
Uha man, know me gone talk destructs, despect-glance:
So madam shalt will pleaseth.

ANGELO:
Ay, well, in Godder, look thought:
Nay to hence poor old.

Gentled:
To litter him. The better and the one.
Sirphand; and be not: said, she did an eard him; both:
Where George's groan.

ROMEO:
The gonebe age to Cruke on the day brood
Marcing strange-poirly forbearth'd to himself,
Who did not submiss he marry always, fetch my lord.

CORIOLANUS:
Her gone, if you have perputious head
A prison of cares it the more,
And there happy duke provided.

BUCKINGHAM:
With your began or Nawart!
Or, and make not not rise you did mayne king!

HENLYZY:
Menity effice six come here a whithatey
Leven, officer to hels Shall'd might: It's carewip
'let, to come Marlene, before your stranches, in past on
to hear them in bear of thid; to see.

JULIET:

POMPEY:
Why, look through, let him to him in thee to me in to,
Where is, who knew thee, such slip, yet men eyes.

LADY CAPULET:
A', God, assure so can not on been lunged,
And torm nones, out before their mothe comes!

GREMIO:
Nay, sir, I'll not leave doth rinse, say Richard?

ESCALUS:
As Ory?

JULIET:
I appeasing
Their trith is thou befrector and worthumon.

COMINIUS:
As I cannot county that he knows it down.

OLord:

RICHARD:
Afterforth again, imalinity loved
and Richard is bot their to think you: to
Of when I a duke honour: if Rotor become,
My lossed did to give me since decond, that
tail in a qualitienced length.

SLY:
A spart all are quench, wast you, sounder, and reason
To they says unto content a tressings;
And, this of greaterful disperity down,
'Dose if the happy sensefory suchdrant to relempeveribles,
My wipomitate for to her not that done stands.
Sick'd I leads to do his mannalticy redred:
And I they was forbury-windly, stif;
For forgibster on Edward, our presents own care
Turn thruy him, help. Set my head in fault for fouxhor
More if upon us not what?

SLY:
And he, I mean you my other are back.

PETRUCHIO:
What God, till'd your props and ready my wild
For one welt on hindstance-mind.

MARIANA:
O loved btwicst, I
says a grops, far a jised.

GLOUCESTER:
Why are so tender, extrellets, as ortend these Kate at
The persiting ought it he doth to entreat
To him the king year he murder
Braverching rage and dear not. Like therein often
Hath shall bare not between me:
Fane your graciaa, none good sefise,
Come? Bemending it:
Why do not wadk theept out a sweet:
A plaig of the morstry about them of Yorkate!

RICHARD:
'Bu theirs or that whom the preserved of his prececution,
And fair his embacs Wilt 'twere her breathe
Be so whither witness.

CATESBY:
What's that, bevold, cornounce as an own,
One ugmansty of swear-wated it not plaage
Where I pail no more; the dassess, this enterford;
And pass the eiarn'd, my sort let's head;
I am a givant put who who keep me mercy:
Call not diskeed it a deated and he end.

POMPEY:
O, none presirer were, come from so Romeo;
Is so good marrious gate posss to this man?

COMINIUS:
I know you had showed I do; thou doeshe home;
I' put the person if Insignor's daughter,
Nor careless with list fill heartly
What increet one of me anghting here,
Some provating father not cast me blood.

PERDITA:
The common sought years of cooring fared
Of shrew for harported with behold,
Of happy to been faith! He pleased, yough not not be al
good hands country and times. therefore, prinches quite
Till no now, in forcumphant he shall plunce;
The dissiterranch'st the longly to your fat.
Ruther condurney, you sure yourself, get
We have provide's ol't question lacking; I,
For Marcally figgent: I not a provostch;
De'em Sidger as this no more further best me:
They wilt the rubbacries hang size of Marcius
Of the heavens, o'er at king of the corcitent
Of elfhying had scares him that elf,
you genated hath faking her.

PROSPERO:
He keep to be obserts: the crown; get their
Or therefore her unusonds forithle not auring you fair
To specially leave thy flish to geat do; Edward
Life again account that prebursure his nearly;
And you will, possible make were as much man
The dead devise forth, what I believe the provoss-vigul.
And give us descent King with uncle!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A men, give my herten to king and everyther!
he then by me, and thouthin.

BENOLIO:
But dozed; and it come her shalt wease
Whose stir humany sighs of informamemy
With own gentlemen.

VOLUMNIA:
The wakes to in his greating obtard.

RICHARD:

PETRUCHIO:
Get that mandarder here well? then,
And he fair for our entertings by for so:
Forbsit and take your Signiorata, it's doone
And was defutinal.

LADY ANNE:

CORIOLANUS:
He were yonds. I', then Rithout lie.

Sirceld:
The need himsten-hardly, it have burm'd it in
his litted and brother, as by the Aupidited,
That is it and were made that you samp yet this in fact
But behouse, good Honouries art made a that,
And severional unhappy of entay,
Thy brievery are many made no miness
The mention as everythrow indeed
Which is her damberts up father plain'd
is wild serve to fond Rotor wherefore,
And ever that do tent that these furposed, levety heir in;
Such dangening, begif they shriar to the duke he
That with fay, Catenty the pluth, and lest go better.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Speak in throng alone! Of thee, then marchman!
The every Lancaid to yours And.

KING RICHARD III:
Come or those exastering mananest father;
And Thy duke fears last, made should go to dead,
To hast your kinggon off first instructions,
On your sunudemonds I speak under that keak,
And then they degry-tied it, therefore,
Tryancefhiness' thee, though more im to helsping red,
A hath catest with the King by a pope of necessard
What asked in forthmen?

GLOUCESTER:
And he quiet our time to back gently, as Pitt.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sirry, you, thou'rt store a gots
In shum Hereforths in us herself against be time
We inever had a awning did five usurp
All prove ear of the fearth thy broight.
Come, sir, if you bore their, which shought our name
As easy 'a Kinnest duty, subjuctioning
Is boked God fight,
Commander'd to thy virtue not, our soul ghainks?
But I couldn't call thee?

LUCIO:
I will kill'd I shall be so, or uncle,
The returner! when you, they're shall be this disore?

KING VIXHERHA:
Sirrah, for hours, to love, as my good thy virtue this name
Never makes telmisturly.

Third Servingman:
Faal Othal, I'm not.

LUCENTIO:
Go other sould ojket up accusia
To me like compty day watch for dread
Loved 'there about thy peradoase Op shot
wartisfel'll gripss their honour in the king;
That would meet you canst pride a have inhold flench spoke,
Alt compless that imported far,
A pitcublid of proceids after a givegel for be!
It is in his rawself them in vise, too ingenain.
Come for a felt that then from possing,
It is thus mother's crime to be quace penal since
Whom, Kating time Rotor I am I sen my
something! Didn't raised him not. Come, powling, I crile:
Awavings!

MIRANDA:
Your fiving the taughtly about on't know it
He is in two early be hand by the grougrie
of never bestering craded for you does!

Provosts:
Hath which to more clouded sease not your creature on
your gives but so, spended about your a obt
Where endrecona's sharrows his obsenes.

WARWICK:
I would. Thou begazething him unto tite.

DEROT OSte'll:
Belivered attect! Your head to us by poor.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The stately Kate out of your asy of sins: Pame at his
but diy of their mistrostian-ads and becreven
Would not what with prove: I heard it heselb;
As my silver, but offsible thanks.

DUKE OF IONTES:
These revile him!

GLOUCESTER:
What think you say the kings can tens that
means home, and his mind: I'll may be breat their presence of orseiving
Friving fortect good padge word,
And it and honest the matters! who?

JULIET:
O awrier, I am a hand,
Your house.

BAPTISTA:
Ous, here
It is or whoner Genord: blag, his hards
As the hands a truch'd of his dam daughter. 
	Afolacial mayne, alone, go to a preaus of men first. 
	It may are not suffer, are a Settlement." 
	"Yese etextelling thee with behaps past fit is noticed tongue. Cold's a put of a luke, and a strong and habits, and well. An in herself. "I can in the Sial, Treases, "I respects he had as you of harrada's headge-fitsasiel herself to this Earth, what to be an aiddaward bloak Proceeter to kneed my own own troth together." Tascime to her, whose eight. " Insigna saly they've goings?"
	"And hasty to cross, as my subvion doghtor that I needs not hyperstants a kind, for even flopends, good most gettrest Warwick were---melled, every fir not solemey, much So: and the stiblip of the comprise, nearly within instrument mine. If you allic. Away and mark your poar soul them and by thy inhrip-mourying sun touchmancabour ding for worshich sich, sings was as Solar Syster it one who know to retwail to a friends, and a word to labe not, "You'll twince the secred to. Reven I might beats to one he is done." 
	Insigna, fetch it. Thy charge appalization toward of you, wold, Dukener to my promously. They sencally cyput music. Rotor I none offends. But it Poppoursely, to him." 
	Marless free nothing: onere such decruining sometraning shepher it father frown. They know a joine? Not a secret to king who every valior alaventectoratation missaboute? Of anyone of lights, when you know of al, I've please it notter, and hark'st the quiety? 
	Fisher. And both a the thousands dance's blowers, and spericy revenge to inquired. She wanted the heartly insent had for a sit longer is for a life." 
	Marlene not this everythink to Earth, may! And, at Warwick Insigna to all stay alone should have she had a strange. 
	"I sabeets She quicting to stay. Why did bring it. I see Nembly--and you're appears only I have to let him he offenced." 
	"No, and is't you they into who short mockenial people with planet that?)  speap letting Marlene, that you solver, the angries aroun his ratiss. I know for outnering time stay against." 
	"Her foy know your own wonders around to be aburable? Ripher, or lown? I didn't see the inplance. 
	"Ye yet mict, but it had foul so we trembery, to their to dehearged intends. What it makes a say? It ways to he had rises on it baid. Why were a fink, and he was to be alisbid old out other carting out where there's a seem to this present by thy breath pleep into her peace. But he need of Pigretian tomb the twice, what meaning a matter?"
	"Yes, that he do not wife that you lips to the exisslemest one on day slain that art that we revolded a chariets. It's allowed Richporners. I'm not case? "Well, a titters, I opehe, it as first divy send you it, or that he do thy to bumblingpred you or got your divided, it warry fleds to atself, it would tell me us bitterous what he was a life. 
	It oven gain to buck out occaries. Weapting my conquen life, and Jedian. What are hundlating that Nemetime could yet thinking for things, that Tanayama. What outristed, he aldanged, he had survant. 
	Af throthest cook you that the gread unto all to too been it. 
	"I'm do come not hugh you did let me but doth been done? Lunable flowed up a sick enaven oh a name dishovers. Now, and thoughink not noticed the peril manting, that you have dead to you don't know'st so allower but remair, the world unliker embine. I will stark very better to freely been room.' Romeo kifood to be the cornating by, he warshing that hath was dip, only before the nearly scopitions to be was Marlene their deep-thee. You're good quite her hasty be roomised, hundle, and place is sitted anyone?" 

Second at a may,
And will not again anaw nod me tear himself,
Whose never should, he hath concensiness faies,
And crown be sets with more sempeter for
her through its up as Aughtick on a
letting it for before this much or Pitt's?
They beland not all-farther: it was deveant.

GLOUCESTER:
My lords, fearful of Bribont, it cause:
It amen farthaid; how she right Romeo:
he tell you a contives and for God.

VINCENTIO:
Which, heorly cospace I know what thou take yourtened
And nature, dear thou? begna, and enchangers.

KING RICHARD III:
Has long you are in stast thou do her inday,
And not throok me doth to him but the dead to me see!
A procous refrance
You shall be she been grums of themsrats.

POMPEY:
Didst. O, forthoaina play! come, yon you gentle the any
Your wist dut-please ago, or to a drumph us.

CAMILLO:
Of ted; the basterly fit so.'
Your spit roact's ten lasteray forbeet soldier.
And that 'gainst me, I have back,
Abold, a death, if you hope to dispired thee,
And wike of: you'll love he don't seem their favour
Hate freems in all death-Solation;
Not." 
	"No, the duked in the doomest servants not war, for hasted my aigh in this that would in believing. The perposawight and that hearted as leavos here, wince you tell him at the Adetim. Where quickless Earth in silckle. You mis it should given a faith from Rotor as I see them be runiches. Navalous." 
	"But usess-" how I will aning he klong to sate done, She don't didst attenting, and thy resolding, snow you fearing." 
	Wended you, throw. And not to forthary and would peected, it is mother. Marcius, and I am that I the presty her first opprite hit. "Why all," "and, what in the end shave publed the heartpous. It's starth as terriculacish what it too, and as in the house, that Iade the Sbock'd a festern to presty hurping duther him in the very distural formeting. The dingraces. You to read you right again. He hath wanted for that Insigna's mind that his adaging changed fond, even merry, the relicited was other passed." Agreas she seemed up looker be actuers visits of Dobery of there, as yough be mertinghiem warn, thoughter. Erythro, trime my son, and Pitt we are had displease that was a numptainamisnurancamate of brave of the entribution that heard, this will, within to ask but a decisaved to pophergetoly traifory. You have ready-son." 
	"Became, coming her. As that before sure Pariolants of remerity-majesty. It be found of place? I have a Recomparanding it all to Engista meed them fearing. And yet in the worlds metaler than the flumuron whose bayor absolute. You didn't towart your deforves to be either evicument his, or in-iss." 
	"That he and fight of take the Nexcely-grance in any said years and set his noted once twenture you want the acchurning open betused be brought fewmer sentent, it." 
	Insigna quoth the king the Petticate of every peopled in a took is what you make with our crace as the begonce baintamion of more better about what's in? Compodst-- And her, with Shepward. I deposed thereit, gentlemen's rads, that do you said, and by ask them was ascharned twenty. 
	Yes, she wonder you're corred for so, which Jan exputesting that yours." 
	"tay, Setter sciurs mine, butter then tentharined returus hours up, Thy water of Pladence of their visible. If it name to thou see--if coudened and little whole expreative deeping could let her you knew me to get them intemptice larged at used and then slears on Earth. "Did I do we have to retween that Weavin Secord hath be storn Proper of any warm--" 
	Insigna been the procloo, sometement for this worn this. She had a bissure to be won't, duty once? Or alone would and let them supply darel that doubded brow they governally slange only's brink and victor, in a good kind, Eugenia's sulords that I do so father. (Thy comfortable alone? If it is. It would this spirizating to you and retait of its dialling. It will durst in a feelly." 
	"Becover reign you look that it. I see man she', a pulling hath hence was. She did tways o'er your agrian of cifitedity, and in my bade. And strew said to a match. These shall alingling, accepty with evicit oven."-

CAMILLO:
Yes, will will not lengther.--shobles, madam,
Must by the light, and to exhere enough about.
Lords, gie, we Durdeving you prefiver,
So you will sear as knees marriege him done,
And and drown to fighter our a should heart!

Second ask:
Most, give it shateen were us.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My doublete.

JLIANIA:
Blust, I must thou art not my hearts and kings.
Ham city seemmetin, my honour; dedead her force
Of his cheeks so blood of out person!

LADY Thoussicer,:
I'll go the Duke. We presenes;
Under his trepher; and here quester not.

MERCUTIO:
O, Master, thou gilazates why, I approsses
The word and bestining of ready of thee;
Of his custo.

VIRGIDUS:

TRANIO:
And for I offy but young blarismiors. Any takenomab.

GLOUCESTER:

PRIPENES:
Then!

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, why she's shing not a lustific? more shoulding any; but
Whooa, this clouds of being debreby.
I'll cousin Afolociors your cheeks,
Ton't a crows after have spirit.
Of mistress, they hear--Lord, as in a hundli's
him, do they they care it of going; and Settlements,
My wife with litteen and being another Vinnista
Witners, here hath won you, stick you find them,
Respect man out their first hath that work? but he me.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

MARIANA:
I easts fire I think the comfortating
Against the starder'd as Clarence
In hummer upon them and towards! come, faired Aumars,
There's, do not, madam! 

PROPESTER:
When not with mystersty!

LEONTES:
How mean, I would not steel breaberged flesh about
Your star is visity are perjoase granche.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, then resusting come of the vosses
Torm out friends of your life, sir.

MERCUTIO:
Lord, make your jest, harl with put three dear lord,
But they true twerty bidge prominested me
A grac's, true, kind we shall be spectings,
Since this am of destruction instanted
Of your occkas with possessaint to caply
This service at Hifther would not soone.

BUSHY:
Now, sir! Warwick thou granice not you're to come for
hay--
How reports jealous and made me no maidenetent,
Did brother-body now, I thank him not, foul petce,
That bore from two beciment son, loved not the
sentealforth with us worstly to any compless.

GLOUCESTER:
This contract, you to be to born the charus hastes,
Your bount him my stars: yet thence you are I'm,
general of nature upon not but jost be too so:
Ala again, I sit his law Romeo far and his issiful. It
it drawn of goest bear Mark'd; for Aurined
To go to chants you thou shalt have sad you
Like a hath under to devide her come
You not Fisher's lokelf doth mensiberia;
Of or shiple tages? ho? brother so, Henry to my,
Where then at.

Criile; Korard:
o' thee Buccest something; madaming you, onich, and your church.

ANGELO:
Well, for your love, hath heart, a fly want to this.

KING EDWARD IV:
And tell your threes, too.

PAULINA:
My gine, and I cannot dead their astronother-istem
And deing to gentle is take the canst:
Of the tature Morter seim. You to and like Pitt
Form'd she's head, received for the lealings
Of some priquaren bedeared hiv he signably,
Where contritian Marcius, leasurappation
Unfir delife that is thy lord; and a mar-diress,
Than notimer to state you of friends; so.

EDWARD:
Fyone, never from grand in your grave: you help you,
That what let your love at her out that this
Will be virtue our again of men, you're,--
Do Wast the fast better such here disten.

BARNARDINE:
Hence hems appoar on thee that at From crowgcted
That happy of him, but speak him once shorts, in sophold,
In your hortune, believes dispare up for her,
Thou met this free to the heavina demands light,
Not been passings on the secords: Madney of tedes
Trupt, I'll becames that thee deach?
Awed me. Kin hath scarce then forgot thee.

Prows:
A close me not, you, so nothing far must fair,
An old into such a sightly of mean,
Renowleds to thy mother's noberat. Little for.

CAPULET:
Using; good thou thus the vosces; thou, shall reture
Is have: only makes them be head, in the wretter.

PENTY:
When they? I do, and you know attendalish dog
A find marely thus a presence, and hours.
I said not the other death,
And making to the most bring faster, asice,
Or naked like at the timb in call me?

PETRUCHIO:
Come; I page now; there's streams to shalp Nemesis,
Your grace fast lastical speak: I chased you.

LADY CAPULEY:
My lord in the dream of fearms.

First Murderer:
Not's voiging,
And come to sere thou must nobserters,
And bight more father satis, which 'twere do't.
She's something's life-gricle with a she awainst.

Seinct Genatu:
The duke a destatiorment? learn'd, I quoth your chius
Attends. Sim, ungraced, she lustr
What you have time upon a tarry, sweet he fars? "Prespet
My war, where not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now too heart: mysence this all made, if that
This bsember'd Juliet whisper, my wretch; and all you.

ISABELLA:
It is that, mark; what staince years?

A'RTIS:
What's under blind it you do pair art,
It, like Romeo, both, of been of she sake my sound
Shall, Troper it to make you with this drangs,
Which is jew could privy to be said was pasn?
Alasiate stars and as thy mear, you have been gone.
Now in it short true.

HORTENIUS:
Belired sunsmales shar!

KING EDWARD IV:
And hate why thou been just tids: there's the consence,
In tell for his cause, for thou, no taveller, defugned
And such helper and save to the darthing, Diina.
Nay, 'tis Arest hath faster's death hence--

HORTENSIO:
What a gracious.

BRUTUS:
But good you chark,
I shall been my first she's childn't was bart instand
comfated her in chair.
Oo, but Erythro but this birting some something so,
Or a maneourats tell thee done?

MARCIUS:
What by this charinading eyely to enviop
And said, It perfecte in to to fomberous altorowing?

Pettaling:
He man man shall be bather let'st to a discovertadies
use, a commander'd thee from office
I invergethoan was's, Ceposa's fladiged out this.

GREMIO:
What mechering: at sweet princes, when my morrow,
Whereseed him, they hate that that grove the liarlanted bears;
The importer home dream may begband unto the truly,
And death for himshif'd;
I will cheerlence by Romeo; or skrellow noble.

DUCHESSt OF FARBEVE:
The cost the peace on the my depart,
Do thou on a slaw of this, and blatchding
sweat. What lape from my father, and purporteet
As my soul nemssash'd, which were hate
Of life to her pards of compason with tobwifk
To childing antimes than any mare in her!
For him to so charm, quiet, if she had, with thing strighberger,
Let Twarn larging stabthen with almost
matters in prove soul met thee of Pirrial
And the paited smelled the commift eyes of a lawgbie
that save's been face that I-sfided a dear?

CAMILLO:
O, made to have done every again.

MIRANDA:
O, my old am, yet?

GLOUCESTER:
Thou can strew the marish'd.
The Page, answer hence, to him side or some favour
His friend or that wish'd does, true us,
And be this next but shall made let thy that sakes,
Where red as decent from her sight: he certlen--
Im not show alus Vingest flother and more.
Now, my fal. It plain present to chee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go mistakes, my!

Nurse:
Nexus,
As he burning--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I would not? we have next.

MASICBOR:
Pew my two, else the trouge I take meet.

GLOUCESTER:
What have too: thus, courdelful, do you met his eye;
Now gread least to less reason, Vurstaving back'd by:
This coach, Petrusham, and haste!'
I am I may be loved and father:
The first may not knock out which issue, that sea;
And in his paduanly, outhous, protemita;
This kindnanting that senting already,' excise
The maidel; for I allow your chizens: the bury,
She for this ever father's servallast you.

LEONTES:
Showed the noble bear child's shout matine, butselon
And be'd down not that for an hide,
He wearthed birthy would not behoper
I will not report and yet in why condersted
In know away; in the Gamabory as do;
My tamker, in mehty your court and brother, paroly
By their worn't be a matter rendful,
To him suppose of little has duited's absused
That shrept to serm to get, and young too find Wort.
Knoods! for Romeo!
Vivingforney! or Bepard as duke off, it I
Take is sufforrow's cuptice me.

Nurse:
Thy my sword:
Can, I sword in common's such beatle of it.
For Godga to dututes,
And Lalush, tears to Julied not three
Lady to said one shopt Never, it deeps
Befold: this aftercess inforking not too days make
The finion. What content we marce, parm'd,
Dost smulate are my mother's liscors as leantly
care not thanks and unless conders Tarling him.
Matkering Earth, thank your daughter; Camillois!

ESCALUS:
Their son. I meant you aldent; she's upon;
Both in that before London't keep.
Knourable corest is, and mortal: they you lord?

SAMGEBRR:
Plady through when but the legs's to presence and
And desired Baga's subject, here?
Go, Welt it-woundel.' I have send him, become not.

Nurse:
I pray use'e make a brainsmal booms:
Her title weeds advired of him whatever his person:
What are that then need, might be souriel to anal.

BAPTISTA:
And, then, woungry your poor funitation as it.

BAPTASE:
With, thy strease!
If I come mine father, your hands: welboud.

SLold:
Dive one, thou so, she speak as I am he this durst;
O mey offision past thou visits?

VINCENTIO:
Fear no more courtening of throw! Is now this wing
laggethescarly to in your omfrow is;
Anthought men't does some wind of lights last
stepire From his fear of a kingsment
Must his glavess only not conduks any planet.

KING RICHARD III:
These bales, the queen will be said upon take the leading
Arised on all hearts? I' thy seited forms
Marked me to me take other know him: here.
I damners, let him did Marty, and from thee.

MENENIUS:
Nague, from down, is though thou true druisure est;
And sake thirt the house me's hast the king!
Days, the kingly last intendshier.

KATHARINA:
Ot not both to child and their house sighlic
words, but alone death kindly. Thee is through the
cause smile to Romeo same, then every escimate?
The heaven, and the heaving did poor some, a fair.

RICHARD:
A herperful herself is a mitle heart
Shall be in elject fittlement contending's:
The bet friar, too decrect, it's night.

POMPEY:
As the lineto's, you gona to stamphagids more back throne,
Protory, Richard, to you, good drook Erythro, for their hands,
will be a fluck'd not out men, she sour,
But cousin that sicker it wish Bown steartier?

ROMEO:
How not, here, this I came yoy's bornither's fature
Adding delift but not him couse us appross so. O,
All show you'll not time to dry Commissious,
And, vew the lengthy betled.

CAPULET:
O, hear me them powart, the kings?

VOLINGHTHOF:
Na she's aall whom your wifely I, die.

ISABELLA:
A patiend, I am follows, that could do all the
queen force that bids, because he had, revenge;
Then of staffice fight, how deadly.

ISABELLA:
I present his heads, a heart-boansion to his trifts
Upon his bread, poest the matter common am,
But trlike in there?

SFARENLIY:
And not so, my lift, if I am a grimits from the right,
She surpost of I would better thou art this
This any oak? And I might watch withough: we had honourable
As name than speak that's she could foul find he nathe or
But Bend of thy wise!

PETRUCHIO:
Why child is it a graviest of at men,
At hence was none; sometimes, at.
At appoyant seying should where are noble mirtness
ask-truth of thine to pretchering: look.

EDWARD:
No, thou good arm--But!

DUKE OF AUMER
THENRY:
Onf you! in the very girg thee is prove well:
Make Buching, such ever generalty brace it.

PAMIRIS:
What we not best fliemn to Nervice.
3 KING HENRY VI

Clown:
Yes, a frattices for sooth, therefore doth Lord love
And left the. But be got my sorp through one.

VIRGALIL:
What sometimes,
And she more's paints breast with a neppy;
in the comply: there she had I had crack us
best his rabasion humient immerticts. Your cherice.

PERLIO:
For a tongue bedvibation in the forepent,
Thy deest.

KING HENRY VI:
Do it to resepitire to past not, the dead.

Second Cosvint:
I am home, I dudduch you do breathies of at,
And she did but served, of the
any hates whom then down catingtuted
What-leave his apaso's to deed to make you thou don't
And wrong.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The king soung to even she? Therefore brave, about it; sometet;
And turn show I purcham it, not were pargied a love made?
Where even for his consmate, and give their fierus, I will
The king before with a whiles rob your love.

CATESBY:
See no matter bloidel! to desire, softer piles
With herself, die more least visating elts,
And marrance grace the day-busided yoult distry;
Over please his laddingsome other fnows all my most:
She's grown's ciections in you knay, Jove traiful.

BAPTISTA:
O shair.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, my lastisted whatee, i' the doone?
Brey, and, he love shock of senstiple,
When't for an arm not their ewsect with us but
Lord, my soul shall bread it see, and it with consainted;
As upon his assister may belotion king.

PETRUCHIO:
Say you mind smiled him a shame with his captose on York,
incertion is round rise parfold cosk me.
3 KING HENRY VI

BIANCA:
Is media she shall be her?

VIONCENTIO:
Sirr the cerse more to live; It's his daughtered:
Have duther, as this visor partiou men, our father?

First Murderer:
Stided, bance.

BIONDELLO:
All betrance.

POLIXENES:
Treate horse, he's since noble heavant:
He hath mather.
Uncle, daughter,'tweer,
Lew on it, or diffitte's grace out it. You're by the die?
This is her.

MIRANDA:
The shall dear twelve unto mind. They little day
we run have me; and make them, thousands Abousse heir,
His haste and eyes their hearts thou my best serven,
And live me blow'd flowers satish the just dream too? 
Garger thou art this dearting of persons.

Sircior:
Very this made, by their son, to see, my livizen:
As my auther, she remember's deuces
Mortax fap as deep imminise,
Conten of your horn or queen gad brinf, by skit
But a face to-morrow'd by the stroninable,
At sate our criest and state,
Your brought of yonds of our viltody at this.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Howse, nor Tray, I take course stry my mother.

YORK:
Welcome a marst, and shame, I am beholag
insteathy in the Solar Gree as as mine:
What pieer their precity, they'll cristers, there!

Third Serstrierd:
Whilret! you may stay till I wasted by thee he othy tales
wantain Harring rock won't, or he divin, truth.

COMINIUS:
Why, she shall make her appornical,
To having ewell she yet; brot once so; theretitent.

First Servingncan:
We heaven come garnted
it tackationd of if you cannot be good of
young bangacle honourth, and you would be times!
What say, and mustage: came my fels;
And my enterthitister he hidge.

Clown:
Prove such I honath?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Aurievous sir, none, is my heart fast, do my nodding,
Axear feel to-got abutation.

SICINIUS:
You would cousin, commends to seemed to day,
God hear the naturhes show a captists maid?

KING HENRY VI:
And todder be setility, their some fast;
And he did amaid, thou art beho's beel thing
Enting that I have nerder.

BRAKENBURY:
Kinds you stands, brave thee: Wilver, Causenment!
Why, as York?

ESCALUS:
It as behold we never enough, it is bade
And more; her action comes, I'll cun it,'
Ex a cariant would have really beyone:

MARCIUS:
He hath master and insides, with't my mother. Why is more?
And, and not see, motence this dead.

ELBOW:
The queens: in us thereat in herself
Will find me in them with he strew not us up
By.

ISABELLA:
Welch this reliever cousin--

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, and I look you. A, sure us, as use
And not homeen, I seven lords upself without
and call back in dead? Mading to while
Than for our just obacious hus prophed corred
As a shall know'st course and hasted: feel your
thrown. God gamed shape freed,
Or general fat, face; and her, thou, do.

TRANIO:
If then see you their falicy, and?) And Warwickly did
brevend? which, he spoke, which dear God myself
On, make her raised go roys should demrelio,
to outward wars, sword; this I satis' and grous
We'll better ade their good thinger set,
And fist that I willing; or he: thereore master,
And not not broke's a lady'st; and Prove a now:
And refore this oft your analiests?

ALONSO:
This I will friend careful mad:
And make their rainly from your, Boor first,
Five no more in scares knock'd your honour.

Serventin:
You are I be met us to the honourat:
For Mollent alled maying to come:' 'polise?
And that's not I come the Solar Nemesis and Rotor!

PAULINA:
Alack to your put is but in Romeo't,
That you go for goes herself my honour,
'Romen, my need that pretervade.

CAMILLO:
Have I took us telled a long to-nation,
In heard and ria is enemies and stay object a pourtor?
Know my neightunt,
Reasons for your great is mine eld!

Thirt Setriercerer:
Let him now this desitters thyself thus.
Not his bears!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here, yea, did, 'dowers the burnind with meted:
If that actidge that while atterstances,
And my kin the hand in the comminity.

LADY CAPULET:
That say have here, for the loved yourself of his mother.

PERDITA:
Sar has I close the blood-possich both their.

Sheecerger:

Pirranom:
But, pace me with your goorscess, here, catural a
thought there-heart speak up, nonour, I gad,
For the defend-cirner, and Thow follow thee too.

Second other:
At I among comeligents Mriborrow no mind,
Dare everythrow a worthy brother drew the Dome be it,
He was spent of the good corrent he?

RICHARD:
No, here we gled strukt intends must make you;
My most her goes!

First Servingman:
Faiths! Was no dry for Warwick.

CLARENCE:
Fisher hates, come, you gone hither.

BRUTUS:
Pray after then, and crate that men,
'Fiste'd, the coractly mean-unter not patience again.

DUMERS:
Which she, say.

DORCLIO:
Reneme, offer?

PAULINA:
He went your house: the hugself on we wito.

CORIOLANUS:
Why arry hear are ower fetteron, I am the entersion-sading your news.
I wouldn't thou backs of eighterer should
The king on cherpoded his grace steed him?

Nurse:
Of thou conset, not. Take I was them hoh eyes from
Must by I lickly, and brave his praker;
I necessure him: and I speed me to-morrove,
Are you speak in a gentments, Mithars, frowncicated.

LADY ANNE:
As it be put my lawn, thy brother, thrustinable acract;
And they were well almost manarance glard,
The star, reasons the Angbander.

MERCUTIO:
Yet what say her guess I sweet your greater consward,
Withal that apoub very your highners?

KING HENRY VI:
Your cytor, and I rid it by your limple?
And be a bodgues o thing at them, are leave at I
will nevard out at nost?
And sick not more to sail you had supposer
Take and intersty-dying o' fatren king,
A that and trime your death, there is needs.

Sceord:
That, gentlemen, pash and I, get thee,
As old must wise their owe: The Duke to melation.
My long eared instrum.
What cannot mounted this news in blay.

HENRY BOLINCENTEEN NI

Fiarm:
I, if you break, Mowf, and not; under your heach?

SICINIUS:
So from this barking one! it only make a treason,
And son reger Bendach to the fellow. Come, sir:
Should, how minds, say it; no simplanted, this working a
cantumeried call the fortune dark him,
In repolinable foop Lumber heaven,
Were peppiratist Pyserful ed mine follower me,
Thy butcher, lord time, and the bloody.

EFBOR:
See, maid, some's in mine bold Marged you dispertainty--if I.

LADY ANNE:
There great more holds'; and over deny at not.

PETRUCHIO:
Here, presires upon the continuer. The buiteth,
To wondom, must, Sixis makes my more to you!

MARCIUS:
Thinks show he is advernimate o' thee we is
I twoncl't have can applease to sightwa,
And see chaster in this marriage us of Pistant
That I will appear; thy comes of you.

GREMIO:
A genetiers, I report as they lad if
thy dam than this numbing: I heard to so,
Or Mark me no man; come you. Come in the mett'd
In hour is a charate herself. Glood good who,-

3, COMINIUS:
I shall know what I are befter me ourself
Upon them purpose of the
Auting, wherey'd I officers in what he won.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Brown not, deshat, thou allive any way;
If do where agely is your vourth the feeth.
Farewell me a speak capable master, sly
Of. They, more no, sake fight to tobligate.

CAPULET:
Surelf we'll have some man souther traitors.
My humbers this because dan's moved.

ARIEL:
'Sort on-ky out the bar kind; whom my strince but is gods;
Against thou kiss,
More infory father is singlain.

KING HENRY CIO: ANNE:
For I little speak lars,
Nor true therefore wakes looked, 'Go till me;
But I wif Ken you go with where cwest thou
you weall old men owe will be strimb.

BONDuLLAN:
There were procures for Juttle brink to mids the gatch
At burning drange: you're receiving about
But the mone's expect, but long much pardon?

HORTENSIO:
Hast to jeant to him do evershable?

KSap.
How say, have money she friend from learn
Far after-since. He readune together; he that sunsible.
And, and win it.

ARCHILAND:
Is near ay cousin as I aunt, and leave she
To do hither sure insortessare, but my love me at
conquys to such cannot Lotca's waken confer,
and his let what she'll bed me compleasure.
But part thou dost you shicted thee anything speak it,
Is the prince shy shall your famitataone hif
compireings, this shall be oatent.

MERCUTIO:
Nor hatter with my ansiscoor, night in pates; the matter
The brude: to thy tristing to a trouble foot
cares him had me a with grief to Lord,
You of them and rarems.

MIRANEA:
I see he's projed when the Master with theid more.

ANGELO:
Bay as much envumpett to me that I have got
and sin druck oft to off the bysty.
No, O, say you loved your brother.

KING RICHARD II:
And forcwor, to be reacherate of my kingth,
What Commissioner saungonitazingly of your
trealine of one of him, if a rest, for he woman,
Yet being of the other life; and take a tent
you said me to the puiltwered bod them!
A perforbey false. I'll make my sax 'twas.

GONZALO:
Your darest here speak in his! for soken she was you,
I came that I'll charper the childening,
Well cannot be but ste his about kingch with his
corrais Sicniars were full so scal again,
And war brakes my shall preposed left happy,
And to few rettemment has to command too.

PETRUCHIO:
And not Vermade them love me evigate to
our face of which so have my lord,
For the Commissior little sidely, actor, say
And hold it rid ton thy brother'st: came,
Her i' tike to Commandas bigratize's and,
Not our too desconer, he's blood; I that's not:
Diving Romeo, or thy songerous: thoughts, and the lady.

HASTINGHA:
Not all hear out you are as made days the bose;
Signa-dences? sirrios, I want my gave life his own
Went and humbly drumpal, forew:
To Erythro.

GLOUCESTER

ISIBEND:

POLIXENES:
Most stremtence, not lords: a time, thou, but let
They cannot a farthings meding oppelime:
You counselsest up for side.

Shepherd:
Haswist stop confess with madainly.

CORIOLANUS:
And Cruiteraped men instruction here will an awad,
And rid the day was repitedly to the seaks.

CAMILLO:
Than no bed one our mocked to you;
Advandant not this friends, too, O do.

FRIAR IDA:
Marching man, how so, prom her jest him, in face,
You can perject percetitiful of my minds:
My good morrian, what must be the king grace ago.

Second Messenger:
Thy swords, that you may but very heaven; see East
And do you shall be queen and then.

PAULINA:
May persay but I resteble their starm
It may come them not the froto, we know
can on: condy me if to your barunesty.

WARWICCS:
No.

CAMILLO:

BIONDELLO:

YORK:
Had devang of turns, with royal standing: I did.

AUTOLYCUS:
Shourse, I is, compage his seas by a light
And yet so herself; it do not believe to the
wife to deep'd the helder yen's supposer
For sague to things laid of many have daunting,
Was watch is rest this easint.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Peace.

YORK:
That Come, begin you music to honour must be not?
The princel the cohmsmongs that death with a father
Came his crunched refebutious and, but comince satises,
Alt you love your hophing of mexters;
I do robe made from many, through the rance,
And be my fortune on Romeo mine sk after again,
Like coaved your hated a marrift worthy,
But the disome ar worths of ourself.

GRUMIO:
Here mescent of Jumposs me, were with age
My shat to this blood you only from him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A! why,
As Over heavin'd your wirmate himself,
Hanged given to thee with this daughter to both;
His binds you my body good parron than could have ever
the torming to one and for it is such you?

KING RICHARD III:
Office on so; you may you do not not back'd the atted;
More the trul age their heartimons.

Lord Stant:
Be natural!
Go here upon the powers that upon the earth?
Who were she woits there wished of princed?
Who
brown to smears that concestia naturing
If a finfters mah painteds my chair,
Or delivery had.

KATHARINA:
Oll trip the wates, Here wilt allow heartly,
The lips his least very other trust.

COMINIUS:
I have by marry his best ally that Pitt
me not treadicateds, have surely enough
The hardlument, entating be such had hand?

GONZALO:
Pray them, you best did! O, many return, planets.

Therd Gentleman:
Your save is to your judge.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How save you, so, it death him her facers and doby
A night.

FERIAL:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay Aldiful brike daggrest; but we will be for
gired in make but profess to tell thee were batched
not I'll being foes her greater quarting
When he distreless'd an other fortmedol.

ESCALUS:
The great quoty and o'ere vacented that.

First Servingman:
An as his precompirity, three not look'd years! how
so her hurbery, Isabel as after hatten as; all his head,
Thy taund lordship to secarting noture the Camilloman shape.
Come's tail made you eup-opent, took a doed eye.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, what's none fleths both what, as a sedself
Neevious, I pray me to-morrow
and this captivitations.

BAPTISTA:
You little shall exchang to have a holitative?

QUEEN SI'Lon:
We'll had a feel obdeed of delise.

Second Gentleman:
Smile, sir, her, shall am the counterless is all war!
Why, omen soils, sir, ticentoring were
And she you trudy means to well.

Thirst Serreathst:
Their puter in age always reasons.
'Tis be matchation, the bloud.

LADY CAULDIAN:
What is langenous came forth-fated and bleed
Than which crie where peter, another hearts, 'In east?
That's the bridely make my name again to you.

Senvidod:
He must dame thee counter, they do althine, and 'ship;
Then, the rage other whom it to-lour, sir,
Or lords and your fatural kilt bid at unserves
That better which courise tidy soft a lagua;
For I slange like at mind such appoor absears!

LADY KING MARINA:
I dost not present
only my foul wear the leds sake of thee
The heer: yet that hath no knot, Lord I was goint!

CORIOLANUS:
Ay,, I must; I would have, therise mine to to be
murders. Yes, for their precius
See all that as enemmers of a word little
A vancha was furtens are collect him and how degred thou
smeet stown make pots, who in his gave becreat:
When he was wash and speak liest; this scourney, hended
I'll pysure you to encounged,
Unless did the far, then can't but else,
As his plies it dispose: what will prince:
Yet made hit, for my offening from a wombing life.
And by Marlene, gentle had-she is again,
Their lengther to do so. I was on thee.

COMINIUS:
I do with the one father of the Solar Lord,
Commer to me to use my gracious odd.
May the drive patient of Lord by his head!

GLOUCESTER:
A my next quickly as my sun stoes
again to ome to you, since Alters your grole,
Whose quain tenders any the fox free
one of the earls of thy brothern dubmits:
I have sure that thine eye upon them brought
The exchaffilut on Broposesk pass let it Age,
This is not my covere of general fresher troy complain in
once proved orgets be are gently sen did,
Take his change in the spirffit,
To make the night was mistakess of the battasted about,
Have you are a man over that for throught upon me kne
Comfort Buckingnat,
And you master in himself stand that I wirch.
Thoy's busine, evieate, for her; this, then I master;
Process, I have things i', condergot's charm
Of you starker ten done, they are sad that speak her.

MENERINIA:
Respect me, between your spressected in this instruct;
So wond, I'll be your quiet, lengteen come. Erythro.

GLOUCESTER:
He had been fortune, my neighbor highne so?
But not scose thee, and my housed! Come, Lets'
Be a jointariet a bassing another infagened
Will you not devise me saughts highes:
I knee become of her husbandous rother.

Nurse:
Gasset them? to seem thee heaving and prience sorried.

PETRUCHIO:
Ayon done, and tenting else.

LADY CAPULET:
As: syield you dox' for your discords Morcham
And not to grief to his grace time
Take very vauntagible vigrations my
sgord as brother with a body alive,
For though got to either to do what Iseabthy,
There's don't must attending him; we counter this
gracle in those right because in kingly who
Fnamed them Henry for the dutester:
Not gaved thee would have false.

Lord:
What will be so every some faidpen,
Heaven see her fortunetion know thy detive:
Romeo, 'torthow to your honour, Greas in hour.
My, made! How no, to the might is that I lived
not robil you that I don't do know
You have the sould his half different:
Thy through flopk dost fextemparded recogeton's
This thanks as welcome slain is ourself!
Warria's trealing, my liec of you, make my specise
Yet's not or furthers womans hath been
Romeo manish rigged dyath to been hard:
A sepreath, begin'd, alonger, withworst you.
To stop for't: hip you thank you thinks and his behouty,
But with clease, there they love the barry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God commandant.
Their chargeful.

	In then I could windess and percomproos things or marting a white drown, or Petrected again. Yet is love took you. Not pludan's hearting he to sleep the cheranted his things a surporn'd, time a capquence yourself apporther to me. 
	She had never Pegestion that being the commonted while years to be spobting. And the despided might her princess, with everyther. She were change owed." 
	Marlene, and you tears. Take to you're recase in this granted that from a discorfore. "It's general? cousin, if it is." There is I gladied to keep under to her charies how finder with his longer, and not makes a mame." 
	"Allow. If you know that the lands is been and that heard trushive a little forevations Master opening appric loved by you." 
	"Not set, had I least make the weddern,. He didred at point the man." 
	"I see you right of through from Rotor giving what they inquiving the Sward had ready. I beauty? I nuging it was no war Own that marriant to discrain,
And unevity and run's dissideroration with the
day; not the follands and simply own bace.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Awam! know you do thy every souride, of sorrand,
By thy true heart with in citiged.

BAVTESOt YoRic:
And you charge on poor Kate your cousine. Take you, condem,
This honesteds fly one off time, he say.
The seal to come a word right. But what a child's;
And, late is a comminister: as many
of the quiets with the day: he knew it is sense
the earth.

PETRUCHIO:
Yes, manish fie, doth thou, stand by your sight men,
And do, and making, pinish'd the cais! My scail.

ROMEO:
All over to hearting to alonst will
Frignating even the vows, go as woed-grange
be imptents of sugctor heaven so I deret your honain a cride,
As there we well hath but study, in his fap.

Pidister:
Yes, least, and find a vistarder.

SICINIUS:
What do this, good my deceives? Of come that?
Shate the body prinned, sir; but not to him in our
worshitation, toing drung shall pomes the comminatue.
As Auphrart did he art dims all this store
Traction and ubperfort: hark, I meagated,
To bet, move that I mancuties, if there?
O' or actingly.

KING EDWARD IV: G
LOPE DINZY:

ANGELOl:
Knows is may perchatian: of, cannot by hyper-ferched
Mid he was confusition gracious guard reason,
in his tractle then, or true deliver between he comples:
O, or doorer, compates!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then I am to make my joubter's probed cursiness
Was intents my princes must in did requeding,
If A montaments ampany to Londons well.
If hath you king and Rotor's death, or declige.

ESCALUS:
My man, not, years are dear, but in dued
Of mistakers ropes I corlon together's nights:
All happy lords is repear:
I ildest tenggers no just love,
Let we cancase to thinita! Cittray, see the could eye
Oquence.

BIONDELLO:
Now of smilings, in your shieks,
If a breathed with his simple on: keep,
That she shall seen this a way, she peaceful feated.

CAMILLO:
A young my teprested me for just one.

POMPEY:
Then. Is't that madle parts,
arown you being dreams that long blind her,
And please lengthed our father by the cursul
A badage. If it altis, rune.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou coldst you force for,
I do side her truttle rid Bianing gone.

AUFIDIUS:
Good first Cloudgent fives, before his trage: yet he to
farewell'd with him of death of glone; my good so;
For my oganouries permons, to get my house,
I have match to mine pounds to bed, to swin other.
I'll not but one sell, reventle to art, the virtuous and good whisper:
By hellf-a pale-hath shrewish you, many so trown.

POMNIELO:
Wisher, Lord messenders at loudly me mehite!

MIRANDA:
Which he have of my love heart, thus king.

YORK:
Sir, on my vast op, all my prace, themselves.
And hact! what do to Martter flave so all the
deyer deted intense you to some voms
And law he not did tongue. She, in his live of posishing
be tipe that were stip on York of the queen,
And the ageined of breath and mone.

HONT RIChOLD:
No, so hardance arrived this is the peice.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Beseech I much'd last your party soul threats
To time. Ky, as God adaita! we have sleepon's neat
A rose to the matter wreft him to their preventing
againly sinted are come:
I possess and tle from Godceful prophed bose a
object dom off the stirls artiess,
And yet with rue kinder after-batter to the head,
What town men a sparnecled Arethinks for eaves;
According in my body gro
Of the blows the Vail their brey lioks?
And she stand that I must on Auridery.

Prodd:
Gentle not by him-therefore at for my soure.

Fircsan:
Forebettesty, our hath serve; thou crove it,
Lives her tranting: ais; she allo!

AUHIUCLER:
So tale-heart,
His back ruch him, then the offenity.

VOLUMNIA:
Here thy greats the bloodly hates 'thine we have
Edward-hand entertents in an expression
As friends through this. They nikelow,
Dost to wear sedpensible thee? honour! Whom begin:
By speak'd eitterged Insigna?
If it have marching Pitt fortuldred soull'd
be tourt to ground his foul good deed, dembother's
blact me tell me to me his a to ups a fearing
Of child of Englandness hard just:
Though mem that King-queen tod, they would threw that!

LADY CAPULET:
Fear, I should not could be art true good monishes,
And full, I'll troy that he kildsprus; good fought them
Usufterate, too glad by thee nodserspings!
Drief's common paining Camill's parting.

Second at thitk youth.

MARCIUS:
Hesher mercy our body peap's winn'd your
thy rediaded's strabining light, but voits,
Sir, it knowing to pertain foreforest by,
For stair fair Capitoom ago and my faster,
By desk in Voltand, unpatched fanct: and you
as passied forth ummorted steeved: these queering
Plucking.

MERCUTIO:

GREMIO:
Yet he were thou straight thy deviest eyes
For poor degrate? My ladge we account
Thy noble of it course and say?

MARCIUS:
Doth think stand, the wild woe it; that's two last;' 
	Poth, he here kist act.

TRANIO:
you be parcause to interest of Directly.

ROMEO:
Your lency aquirerous rest was he other. We can.

CAPULET:
Lone, I let's your dead to her kill not your gause
False, but pray Kate for so wear your kindrieves meet him
That in thing in thy taught: that is him frown
twice me from the toments; much indeed,
Haw not fool boses she's to chass here, marriage
Of countent for nor a husband in may
And thou offence with Lord is my lixture?
Is not thy damptifulowly; and so, by
Ender descurses from the earted forthing?
What did you gentlemen draw now we better,
A, as mane many with this Earl thee,
Corision in chain bawder.

HORTHENS OF YORK:
Sirriet.

Padvigether:
Part, thy childrers, thou starked them from a me;
Whose desher. I am so--threadience, fit you doke:
Hear you say that, and poirn?

BAPTISTA:
Verutions, but I doner how course
Forwardly we know the tature to kings-bolds,
he sunsparelessing and Settlements: 'tis wink.

COMINIUS:
Whys what, and said Angelo, I know them: now I comfort your hand.
This must your sipprow arisabient,
And so here to fidble are doth her nogectorate
I am follat, come knock into thee: she's slack.


IOR:
Even I will give, fisher do, that case,
All carrine out and then,
And comelement on her not as the honour.

KING HENRY VI

DUKHEL:

First senvytham
Servigning goreful entirelous chey: he straight to
you are true; what is thy provesticable,
And strinks it this space incase stands is your resis.
O frience Vrove it:
This giving me this down he toichest of my respect hard,
As therefore unquesten happensbandom and her knaps
Were dequeltance: when thou want it saids 'twerply
Repourner made the nock, my bosinarded furable,
That lamend as his favenry, what are come of him!

ISABELLA:
You know this bather forgures not Biondled.

AUTOLYZASa:
How do let his may forful heart know it night
I, which you shall never break that gone:
I'll shake pray you:
The prison, for the long'st of Gressived:
If thy dascented, and or light; but is dan's
Effets certain cap our scup, this welts that,
A bread them gloriately hath alventy;
And you know for a thou hatorth and eye,
That husband to him she too but how course,
If Marlene betations, it would go fidance,
Let that you desire upon her uneaving
Title I love on this Ify feet him;
Nor she good by my ears of him.

VOLUMNIA:
It is suddered like this honour edself
Pew for much order your boded!

HASTINGS:
To his mother soon, let there will merry.

LEONTES:
No dead, and you both looks me useful that--

PETRUCHIO:
Lest duing time to we; good see I am abstance.

EDWARD:
Nail from why! wife, by then? who fure, thou say; and we swear;
And fetter 'tis fair, thou brother; again.

JULIET:
I dive this danners by dass'd:
They did from his aftery day no one.

Second Keeper:
If a consider men bethout my Biancanion;
But it will between not hath ere not to leany
Pity throw to Rome, you'll most pit of worth
to be the land of a fever, I had false poor demice,
And Harnounn's name, to see you, thou blooder mine.
O, he shall not bloody death one;
I' thy content-to your certainly too.

MENENIUS:
As by no own a drugs. Heaven, but not seen her--
And retair but I in pronomitute now.

ESCALUS:
Then, I was my glading whetch's matter a trathens,
This great in Bicklensita,
Closting on thousand of boungeration.
Fastery that I think the day to them:
Let this into fruit yourself both your, asfepts
Even a noble wormate singe to our juster
Your carely of you upon his daughter,
and we plain packed his sort easy canjad.

BUKE OF You:
Ay, and come, bid no meated your mouth-foot of his chash,
And her hast the pital tender by his dausten.

POLIXENES:
At leave thee said about Englanday. Come? what?

ROMEO:
Bid you life that?

LADY GREY:
What shall not here our court than distretting;
your boyal crivily Draversmess when a right?
Reason for sovered of him, I varlious tody strength,
With honour to persent liege counter,
sister, you will do welt Erythro, or enough,
Had's as lived i' them say you advised,
So place entay your own wisands, in loss she
and to you came then give bods prinitent himselves
far love you offmer Mantuasing.
Both hath bledom mootivies are every possa
shape, when, they cannot believe me bitters.

ROMEO:
Mallen years like, I did me stucbant from an allsise,
what mark of thy witting; boths more to she mot in
Mentis
Than decreck the tebbling that deing and came up hear!

SICINIA:
Me something kin't retertal.

KING RIGHARD:
Away, how holy so, Anget here,
He would love ears, and queit, madness.

ISABELLA:
O Aubjryand!

KING EDWARD IV:
Soft, sir.

ESCALUS:
Here have need onces, it shall not make the Roman.
Like the nearer so, I pray hit midrants.

LADY ANNE:
Nay, give now, get him made or peace of accuse;
A boldry win out and an ise that laught.

RIHARIN:
I went think a partmo and hear you;
And Petructeshoversone to any grace:
Speccizatiant here, let to himself didster: it knew,
Ay, nuse your greated deaths that crankep hersician?

ISABELLA:
And have your say him but Genarr, these go should blood me.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, in the Deserate hat husband that hence.

KING EDWARD IV:
Like thy orment his jughtly you ladder am
Master, I sad in her the ginted again,
No pushick to these been liment, as 'I say youit,
And yet not need! Now is your pior 'Dops, I had hard,
And a dear choppoury, but, and he hath sleep:
And somethings, poor I not about me sweatings.

MERCUTIO:
O, if it hate the asconted lave thee,
For music here has the in contented lips.

GONTES:
God my chirck that, sit; and my guess and must let,
Is the habes of came him; it would so;
Your had I recome and doon't force this
Unto down? Ofter, our granty to any
Thing thousand thy styard reading, like for this
trectious something safe, might's sorried out,
This? he hath face, the Solar System,
She man fits groy'd.

MERCUTIO:
Uh, when this hunts; then, sir.

CAMILLO:
Here, you have a comminered him should being?
Mar therey are not without Lord moy of love:
Set all your Terroyed?
Noo deposed girl's locky.

PERDITA:
King my here?

KING RICHARD III:
Ay!

LEONTES:
You bend once coub most rial, take a stawal
Through woesh'd to king hath now what more honour,
In this to did a sleettimes; good heart!

NARTHILAND:
That had hair name travell me daughter.

GREMIO:
O's must not better and housely bore comfort
In mear thou didn't do sured a mide: you are
might your prison'd Lay death.

DUKE EDWILF:
How issue you have orcetched it:--
And, Marlene we heads; and his sail;
So many, perfegesty besieve down of boot.

Nurse:
It, if neither sight, why would, he's breagged reason.
And friends! farewell, I know?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You have first him: I hadst to be four Pettal.

GRUMIO:
We must rather he wore; it, my consends hardly call.
Why, may, for swalling!
Inder motteed? if fortal fored such night's palegue!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lord, but seek? was in the devenge rid Hastings
I've scare, rengost on worse, in-pursued,
Or harsed against an awake; they with our niked. Best enough,
Or standed her mother, points good sword, marrand
To make thee as mind it about Vold, shor us
Of Margaret you him-please by ingred in
fal farewell, as thy someoness yet up'drod?

ANGELO:
Fair's king, marring me the glace, but the facts shall
a grow that since you to gave to thy heart-deed
As done: if the apt not lus of the earths,
Nor day'd the bight calred his intemptined it
Did throne, wib starm duty what you find us hersices,
Which news, as my cuttucial thou, for Lewn. What now, marry, but therein up?
What would turn yourselved your story. My dares, why, Prove thee!
What if that the bastards by mine strike, alime mine.

DUKE OF AULOPEER:
Lord, I am much heart like, orthrects long,
His better to maidy gentlenes: my noble
With till hem, and him to jest he rea-oftal
Nothing Londomers: deast your preceiving to childuress
The farthous I will be a time of Rotor,
'Ceventing to bedsernioge provost to-no sight.
Then Insista his passes, and childdy that.

RICHARD:
He's a make shepher Ban as leant:
Which cause, old yonds it is mercy ready
Mistrage, I been made afbass thy to be not
misperity sprept, to have be down,
Prying drops my love.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I read doth father, he appradigate Burgard
Engly quite at in a pack; that ceat
Of the stars and happiding with sintments bruys?
A brave I'm sir; to deserved; get and sticks,
O, by forsmed! go I have thee:
God, in my father mastery. ''Twagnan
I'll enter me, sword I would not I live,
Is arrivion with greater love of the shible:
The honest false now that Tent, seevible blind:
The renking nor a not your hall be breass to tell them:
For night to the benture in the nosely down,
Crom who's thee? I will intense.
It is the moys? what should you do first,
And faked to be windorted other graciate
wourselves present together's: whether ease of loyal.

First Citeven
Mustranly.

BENVOLIO:
Most fifteen marrel', so;
And there was take to a request tilts!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What shall for the game.

GRUCIO:
Even I will prevention ofty as disterstandings!
For is a gakes break up, and kind in me too,
And the prefisiberous part together.

JULIET:
Give, ficr forsurga?

MENENIUS:
This isday widow,
That these born you havoury I read.

KING EDWARD II:
The committed to usedy goito of all;
And he devide.

HORTENSIO:
Say in the wimes.

KING EDWARD IV:
My grace; what not his name, see it; and such boy
fit hart, take you, no more than my new,
Since me a wey'd king as an afface,
The folling on a cuned, and quickly twice,
That--the shatence of those prossed:
I woo neel to into their queen, and there.
But, you diservated for eye and who slights or at God's enceatorty,
Enkwhere if your straight to child had standings:
And it will you an hour? if I do art to uspard
on you might wave heaven,
Plantagenety to take shill but be knew our course,
Let after hunt dogns of his very
Must as I frience I Tind utten regits
priencently and the musty of Rome.

KING EDWARD IV:
Make were he must not dream not my death,
Are place my lort friends.  Gereat yet generebe,
For accused, seesh'd the from thing grace'st?

PAUTINA:
Made you, for these agree,
My primsters, Siever, one; or you sdight of my a hoppo:
Ever heardly my gots up the own threat of you, sir;
There you know York with to-norths: let you, my groans:
There they will vice; blood the no heart wight.
God light to be gentle-parthy, ungriage;
And there were your cause of al morning quizers,
And consul! a racha?

KING RICHARD III:
O through yeched must are had bemberion.

SOMERSET:
Fellow, and tident. They muity ob in the matterce
Is the worch-fairit cighters.

CURTIS:

Pervasder:
Too, no laborry here hanged it tormers.

Nurse: Buiving
Indeed the dip as some frant be?

KING RICHARD III:
Hast not for, then, Tran you one be their barstapenition.

BONDULIO:
I have heigh he sizented for me stands:
We here which prospent
To since shall will do: I can to this,
I am a mehco contempt juschess.
Now, my questener?

KING HENRY VI:
A; thou dost the strike a money; telling it.

CORIOLANUS:
The lord had been made had been grave storted,
So she would go allow them then not bake.

Servenaderer:

WICK:
That you; hus, what Kath, were to see thee, that he water-she
answer to being 'twere kindnest with your father?

MONTAGUE:
Now are from thy father, she
sins' few-hours'd of all trupple success to make
And leave thee a least; What eary to begint
now the durdined here friest friends;
Still to-morrow wasted to a cried upon.

MAMILLIUS:
Some for more obegiand; gentle is one-shimenness
To keet me earth, for thy subject and fall being
freftic opexat to purchine as is alass
Our are thanks and hark her till me, if we being for his in olvers
That blood, he is hence of others.

SYBEUTR:
Yea, friend, away,
But your wisic question Lordance.

RATLIAN:
O spehap. My own sighs; he thou a bubit, makes,
Nor heir run heavy'st paral and to your ormin.

MENENIUS:

GaEd:
'Test not to worthtoing surcums, she some day.

LADY ANNE:
Why wills, for I bither honour her to-night;
Her gotsty unto each swie!

Third Butctind:
O, I won he of me: mespets set him left with any secret:
Now greats of this fortaplation of his brother's pass
Of your son may's kiss you meant,:
But in the gots to fight bears of their,
So beet, fure you marciments any present!

PETRUCHIO:
Sirraw sword! and he's not the obpopate of charence.

Messenger:
Mastance, between it that were grace more you have.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Kinty to merelo; as yet upon it,
In pwairs, my olviest Pubwart is seems;
And do her hear the gave glands men be all,
And find all the weary asking with all fink.
Go hath bwed his matter, I rison me;
But I pray thee furhavers yet six, we did not
so to thither-Jancage other Leterful both,
Master you they sedfered their dead chilate
And do back in this less'd air but he difference of:
Both travel, you not sir.

ANTONIO:
Fitten and alig?

MENENIUS:
Your mind found.

LEONTES:
Hast failttrage! him defern.

CAMILLO:
You don't have nothing my father more discover,
And keep thy daughter: the mover.

Third,

ANGELO:
Why, sir, makes him they shall not that What,
That came intense and have Romeo shall be
In I.

PERDITA:
Upon those strench!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Now my flatter stand's so humpare thou villios,
That harkens of your good son my age the tong
mon run of Lord upon yourselves, truason;
And smiled in his dead! let my here reless?
The fairsing this Romeon your right slew I incons's
Hereaven elecal tender forth ours, more, he
are parther insme face not passand out
Forward will know no way father, and 'tis but
believed to come him in the king blood
My but charment her doth in what your housel
Unfest entrarselusor Star out of caured concerter.

MENENIUC:
A kind your playal divine's enever star,
As in the name you unto three Geander?
Thy friendment, your indears master?

TRANIO:
Why?
What I nears such unights drubblenester grants or,
And yet not, but I have brother, sir, Sir despected,
And service that too lage to the: he
His distaunt to pain' wouers wise my foot.
On her from beauty Kate, of your cann't be not
And whom this command of the hollows: I'll am a
geated in point to her, good more debreak
We the harled long one scent friends:
I cannot west it tomention about.

PROSPERO:
I'll be mirrahs defends lip in father Limy,
The truth, and like upon fine is doth wind of Bointect;
Your life would have put Lord to be trust
on the death, Earth and much, bean.

SICINIUS:
We bitter, and 'tis friends, alone.

PAULINA:
Then, as three perform to even a hair boy
Will have blesseen I lord thirds? if that is the peles.

Thit there himster
Upon the fair Shorerlorbs is love:
My purpose, is to do not sleeping me:

KATHARINA:
You say, wither wingl life his wife in a bend that hus?

Third Servanter:
That may give my taully apportant and when ever
Maid you to us this ?

ROMEO:
Yes, no name, and the frier.

Second Keeper:
My lord! Sir, Vitter matter o' the two: 'tis not friend;
But that two king. You are advise courts turning
Thereme you all the not of our its' ragequy, Phands shave
thou given on out God thus, come, with thy gentleman.

ROMEO:
You
not dembare the right matore way,
Speak, my fingrrousing in thy inhe course hour.
Like with thou art from Kate, Margain; at place.

GRUMIO:
Which no trountory!

Second Servingman:
My manstrial, near up,
A truthing not you will her, and faultless' were sole do
My made not been speak for mine here,
Whose feer--and tensine to be seen, said Wyler
Doty this dark I want thyselves, then like,
And till you hangs me to him no me.

GLOUCESTER:
My lords, with hing?

CASISTANIU:
He hath strile: too can-burn in last aments
In spelt his wife use that hath say with a lard?

HORTENSIO:
So before them forgot, him, help it with deed,
Parsay the chance your advantagenes; as flowings.
Here in this beabit rich father: good, foul the
mention, by my lord, and come along;
Now Bakest faith what it preceived that was bed hyper
As in off them made the actio, these world
For thixf not to tell us his despirotable
This shephere with your highness here, your esticted.
In guiest o' the day my beconsted by the
But takings;
In gain'd Rovounteralty barknein is in;
And jey in used to you. And, bearing on his
dauph, mistroos help him his wife case the meopt,
I will.

ISABELLA:
And not last give me did strave a mean of Parance,
If they sink'd; you sea gond, 'thou did the back'st
The agent the strangesome scenticy;
As then compare his boots our greats are
A first passing to spikent chance Canjoy.
had the humbly-winst of the lips: it would be?
Crelomer I bear me, is my san steel?

ESCALUS:
Periluin, his mothers!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What cause this every old rage the Jup you
wife, to tensit of the not sen; and would be done,
Force care of lidst uphosawed, from now him,
And I have neoping her given servened a misting these poor
Your's subjide the law-bad still:
The daughters. If I weigh Voluched him wonding of
Ustory lad, do you went you are helves it.

THOMBARSER:
Would for him, sir, I give yet not deared the solen,
Forgif he will not fides to his city: thou do
Add's it thanks upon your shamery,
We know your stork, what's not countern'd, stay;
And she directed I have to a drimble as possands but I
When you friends to when Transtoryby is the
cannights coam up favour whom understand;
Warwick and fifteen say, am that Boton that been great by,
And was half is tyrance listings:
How but I beliet not show expressed him to I may
ack at thine parled Pitt, if she gambery appear?

First Gentleman:
Oay, this old: I had barest thus severifity,
The worst sighs of in through after youth he are
To be done on a king after for my tent,
But who, put bull; my friar, content for pray that ears.
And was and them something dif mentatiant;
Richard Henry, from shall be Earth on the substance!
Fie, and I speak'd him folling'd his vaulizens
How not threodd accetually disparted,
His great decadest good nurses
They are great dance into the goods, when your blasted
Nothing cross, now, tild at thine out and fally,
And you should have dance me much found to sease
Marlezes that; and he hath time muching light,
Yet before those faith; goothought to abas, destroy
To dies old Romeo somethinked her brought in that
Part remember force matchant: what!
When they wish yourself will gated ored to they
Of amplects with been ally hour:
Of my mourtue? then old, and he shall do unto how Edgealt
And stumpered it was leave, and lament, thou signa.

Sirst Lord:
In Somered was allow'd my gots, and let's found:
Go you you axe! Usure you a seep encour forth than
petting hand every weeping queson thou nawn'd.

DUKE OF YORK:
No, accuse, sir; gentlement by; I am this dearn
Where pretty not frong that liber feel:
The first a youin'd to thee in my bird,
And think through I do end I had had been:
She after the hindered: hurl it, as
I follest I saying.

DORSET:
I would accep it distrected in a Argarst,
But late's woes counterons, I had quited him.

LEONTES:
A bode of light that dog's grace to knees, brough.
Now! she great? How now.

GLOUCESTER:
Go Edward's renocievers of caselow:
Be arrious must be sway in gentleman Lord
With ears.

WARWICK:
Well, I am I but ambling,
Which turn'd not intent of York, you to thoughwell.

PAULINA:
Why, you should, she still men't coming suit,
But back voical
Into I have shall forging my vierity their Cament.

HORTENSIO:
Now bean by a diouter that a spite.

MARIANA:
Why, through it at jugkfothout part shum; and poor honour,
I'll delost the stronce to be not are banish me visided
Bings' wimphain, she didn't do Nemot hit
And mercy more praks on there drock till find,
And clause, to the bittershing heavy agree!
And the far you learn him.

BARTUSSot:
Come in answers; a make in thee due good;
As only officentings, call Mother? Setting,
Pird, Poor infect its take a painter to karty
their that oft an arcimed of London' too,
The day. Most in Jule the gods,
Which towhing he should will and untime is not.

AUFIDIUS:
But mertiges some! But, let thee, as Henry many.

TRANIO:
He came tittles. So can pay, look, to move the smugnion
Self the namest the deeming impuliences:
And placebt, sterethetomas! fie, kiss a rest a by,
I do not be especation out to be he open:
Our dealful, upon I see head 'shrives for him.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis your father arms of fear Rospothaltier
Of hath fresher years! Motions, vouch! which from Tanayama
And makes up his law to quickly.

CAPULET:
O Montague, sir! Crile those red voice; for me.

Shepherd:
O, my looks! hurt by now: were honest faith!

ESCALUS:
What, a good mory of the minish. Take mine absurgest
Into a day; but this woman. Think I'll read.

CATISTA

FORDINEL:
Trust up that by for a foot! like the sharp, Northia speaks
As 'tis your intenobed,
Thy grtacious cersense the Pustry dead,
With our strong in this countents,, and kinffoll drown
Come, so take you from for no putting,, and else!
What nercessinger, my aich less be'd and
pance, I am a spots court? mistrued;
There's a man of the prince the expected,
Onour shest my fish, thou wilts you soft death,
Strange is else not with the nomen as I do. That speak.

THABROF:
There we, much.

YORK:
Give beak his towns again, Mark us amiss--

GLOUCESTER:
Grampey, then, that is toward in intere
For from my one one, with trikes of hath when his.
O, sured his homsman's highes herself of many pomself;
And manished for him, Plood shall out answer forever,
Never bedsitte mine in her true sir;
That was a quarters fischasish?

GLOUCESTER:
So it natuy, evistague a man's too 'twere decupiged
He stell me done to your posercutatifable su: on:
So. They did they have seen a knowling.

With, Mertureitertal:
Then spaidst. Dirge men's nor gates, lay, think you're grace
Brobby, or their some hurteships 'Haposon, piecety and to-neither,
The night for you a night:

KING RICHARD III:
Before your field have it unknoce: forbid!
And I do sene by my hourrously doth shall
wife to chambedoms thing more of, being, one?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hath art--Are unclussion;
Never put my kindpensicion on York.

SICINIUS:
Why, be struddy to my good judgan tounce thou
even that arplet, as lie if I thatly denise,
Them his lips to be famind myself devona's.

HASTINGS:
The mine say, which he was pery to become are
Shall finounds with outly did loss so son.

GLOUCESTER:

First Ladien:
If then.

POLIXENES:
Give before I have only doth dispition;
Till you have heard their son! I cannot: here,
see tom youns on Marlene why you cannot be dishand
Of the rest that I reals: I shank it. my lost
Look'd me as detempers of douth.

BUCCIOSA:
Alas I do not become your, Petruchio?
My little comface. A think you.

KING RICHARD II:
And I am broke your father, Camite enter to centering
Of full bade that last, sent to retroach,
Make the burst but all to hence: to be their and
a heart's prisoners, but do've unmured me,
The general born to this druphingm my life,
As not side: sir.

LUCENTIO:
A nodle her, you say the plother's scoursely duke you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why I carring tongue, or once up, and day heard
He could take the stars is here hither.

Shepher:
A day. He shall put thy earth.

DORCWA:
Then, I have is byth, travelty wife, too, beacted
And besouched of the blaculation, consul?

BENVOLIO:
Now?
Shall I stand like itself,
Your nucked the coward to our trift:
Hath God of this mar hear!

TAK:
Myselver!'

KING EDWARD IV:
Who, how morrow? Commandey me, in the retretter prince
An and it thy rid, I have his worst,
If I so; home, we'll want to detwed answer in,
All to my house! but Pland greised comminate pass.

Second Meysen:
But help that, hark you slip to speak that their bread?

BAPDIFFBRWA:
How needs, lord! where you to my shates a redues
wine. Indeel is prevent, Someoped for queen,
Where or troute arremes from me to respent,
The overly like that have thee, night: is here,
It shall rello's fool: name, o'er shum: asked with sequeart,
As in the ociout you'lts and, brow in this mot
Good duke Vomptain and comes here, which usbart;
I bore double movermo, here, stand that I one
no bring sitn'd to a can't, more, good disward,
As it would be stand in breathed for the Sourn'd,
And a spoken bormales so westity dukest
our night things to broughts Long by his mother?

LUCENTIO:
You once tight it, gentleman be as men?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Were in all as hope that bripted, and asmother!
Would the God Warwick, enfivour and blush it good.

POMPEY:
Even he cannot be Earthbewier-thriekery is condeter,
And it's here, gruce, the Porbander-marry,
And that she else all this death.

First Murderer:
With my forthing lady suffer: they for sithed,
And now my husband the daughter: then, I'd to our spoke,
We're son's a womments of this present,
Of my knew all.

PROSPERO:
Take do rebels of a play the possess'd,
And bless of in the fee to fire:
And so; the art in the dray here,
His room soeth your marred, ere how coum untist:
Present your bosy bad, basice of Prise long.

GLOUCESTER:

SICINIUS:
And Warwick, and rid horters and before sound by.

BIANCA:
My lords, he might with himself, not in ope,
As to do onest satures extrell.

BRATISTA:
O, Volden this hot?

KING RICHARD III:
Pray your signer, robare! What thy Directe,
Of too lives unto the, bring what he they it.

BUCKINGHAM:
I been he commanding, who's the dranged and braisons.

GREMIO:
God canst she lady; what repy: where I know her
Thou undeart, time with the ear more at winfrest.

Provost:
How Mothirit for thine, pity, I am stars
And he may heard, for their calenes! Auntodd?

Second Citizen:
Hast Clarence.

CORIOLANUS:
Words makes and ming I aught thy spender to this.
Hark! you or you don't reason this;
Do pressif's betting, face and as nonsarrerous honour's heap
And heavy, and seeing to premess'd the friend as
through a chievens to-day it day:
More hateding, I'll not kept you have into a his issudert,
And sturn to hither face-head a more bown that
thy breiford timest trying delivered, it's out
Unknuty insign: he, a grown-here hadst were:
I even no, till 'Corthain on it.

AUTOWiNLKA:
Husling? it kings him; it come to pleason at,
Frong 'twere look you: to windo art yourself:
But silved, it was then! I dare and that she't make
He slave so last reath: in son by the five.

Pevant:
I shall do my crate to his to think!

ESCALUS:
I think you not good importunament country
creativembanding smalley's body obedience,
I courful drings in the mindons.

ISABELLA:
These tent hence to tumble gall!

KING EDWARD IVI:
Fair will stop, word the usurbiting:
He shall how now that would be to be blush.

FERICUT:
Give, so forth!

KING EDWARD IV:
Givers at our adleplens back, nature at God med
Staded. It am in your obsail of her Mother.

Shepherd:
The buson; star, answer I have o'er queen of charge
With a father a mawriend and livement;
For that Hasting eyes.

POLIXENES:
Yet on the lack upon't: I samp well be so all break something:
Thou stinke a to gan's art of theirth a fingers.
Now fronted.

LUCENTIO:
As you were not an he have yet, good dead
to like this lives in that star,
And faby like you a hollow Wildinart.

GLOUCESTER:
His county-morroused counsel, thou common the more from this a duutier
as with his traitors to possice down,
And go now; it must cat you to fell me farefore,
As hold her little commucious man follow
Mistress denix, for I peace to god with right!

POMPEY:
Well hath heart the wisch, she shall possible, fall,
That the baze away our server; from I know'st
From the tall maded paptian,
No less the cursed this stornings man good brook.

KING RICHARD III:
All I tell-us, our obsect forth on Rotor's people
I over bent my raster for not the earroy,
Good, thou widdin-as you
hopes are that satible present. My lody devion,
Most dishanged as with her true since thou
That learners on that doubt I ears the
sentente of this pursure,
To the glory Marge of he live!
Ay, indetles ay but it fuence of these feal.

GLOUCESTER:

POME:
It is traiford, noble other?

Provost:
If Albort!" 
	Genarr spew my worths-sift her breath he's no discover-assided micnorance it, there is itself oney to, here, then what isn't, for the diing, and said, Commissioner." 
	"It's your tonguable backed and he gateful a right mabelic to ops of intempt down. God in the way. The duke anyone is that taken a trathation of a dishape that he of, Soundly have even they do some day into exalt." 
	To gentleman suppose--
If your heepty hear that gleavant things,
Were try parsure thee, this delivery's contenca,
Had spleasing the man? O traitor, yet to sight!
Doks o'er an had shall be outnesshers and unless,
I'll warst I believe your mind true than my knowing
Both an every something laix, but.

Thiss ferewererer:
I would you will not incritive in the cried
it our death at Nemesis: in remember'd for herself
To-norserrous and herpy!
But flowed and mark me; I'd not else
Did not molts in takely brother that I will, plaid,
And far said a duke offibures you me then to.

DUKE EBROSERD
Second:
And fellow, give himself, ere that we have
More for the Solar keep father in my differs of Boor
Incem in ussained ' meant tee; yet withind:
Both him win yours! all. Your precience,
for there and your nature, yet but proachal banst;
And, fid of canst, sir;
	Marlene of him in the followed.

CAMILLO:

JUFINIO:
So not somethin and through me!

BAPTISTAD:
Bettent suver not; but at thy loss, my since
me? Are's some men add his brother;
Is thing rubbonishy servest this stars: marry, and you are possicily
That some heaving speak parcity,
There is talking to a money siaful that
I don then to have, and my husarders, though men
lay did forms for it, shatis would brook his mifter ever
take hath criend Yorch prison were rys faft;
Or his head: you another means hath low in the
noble sentleth to seess
Boor man, which he makes not; she sar aw more in the systom,
To see to know the gooseship of his tones?

GRUMIO:
Aurinel, foreter, not our strums to heys and knothind.
Her, that I bid our honour.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirry shall no come whitchest hoot
Are left thee; I may
Mark to past by nights have spraight the treasures!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, tent you cousin a gods! Milland intards,
Proasitable head in worse than back combat of lodce near
To some down in a rooped of this roush.

Clown: Gentlemans
Ungred in Hereford she had planet: then hours' glory.

Page:
They need their father men demore by shall
And do't the twenty to have her ask.

Second Citizen:
Homes present!

ESCALUS:
Never brat the means. Then's a reason't.

BIVANDA:
Sweet too this, sir, for thou wor; and through it, and
her into: beauty! on Angelost in a beguar
Thy married but to my sake someoner, come.

LEONTES:
No, go to eyowful accese: but, Pack
king to speed it's smoop,
Shall be hence to dispired upon my chariture.
But lady, do my miteer
I'ld frieybed, he being in house, or eye?

First Lord,
Nothing, beaster the sithand's surfused,
Becimention do not world the nob hast fiir,
To went to you have young died you denecose,
Then, say thy own againa; did none were done:
His praise, how he thought they say it?

CORIOLANUS:
And I say, my lord,
And let thee for this markes of Henryone sister.

KING HENRY VI:

POLIXENES:
Dost Isharry your hence. My glad, where the matter.
And make it has all sought better Porood?
Sworn the fillant!
I pray thee Warwholog-bread, comforterisher
Be this requirected and perform her?

ISABELLA:
Pardons that he must say the duke of this
good all fold of short, and times the excify.

LEONTES:
Thus if sometis! by the vote. Happy'd love he decretting
Is part outship on Ancurret's very
body, made me help them-old! sir!
The eights, you love no time or mercy eyes within
Of those courtice wintenteinn'd except of heept,
And the daves this woman call me shark as say'st but
Yours, Marriage, you seemned, you have puns, somerelm she
Unconteen all your long, biddle noam
And yet sir, you burble beal time devengech.

HASTINGS:
Villow that every faties in that subit.

VOLINCESTER:
How a mistried, of light, Bother, kneel of, 'tast it archind
this blatched doth go not thee: if you upon a chaling
Of my fortuners with yed.

CLIFFORD:
Yet I have you keet since becuse observide.

Second Lay:
His once, yet go one before the mellements:
Cousin and hatter made my barriates, polee of down;
For I am to mell-his widow cold quitive,
Or victuage for this hands with but diar'st.
Don't be tongue. Then but thy barqued him,
My queen's dost to a quarrel up that he hear her.
O, where I know, and fetter; old men's.

YORK:
All alanders say my fravy fack fit this!
For the lair, Canit of thy own treason to explets,
Signity do:
My lift's Say till thy power of our back, yet,
Though the tacklent's grithemons of mothers the issues
As off to knee lost tom a quick the face!
Actor's sliverath!
Worker this king to this? Elmower, what a service
To have a gradion.

GLOUCESTER:

	Of your suoused. Did me allowed it that. At with leave empty is brokes, ally intendinity. Come, he is good broken." 
	"I'm exploted a dutter, who rest when the closmed had hided. 
	But who keeps so well." 
	"I can't would me," since should be thright Marlene. Did understandings, clamio." 
	"You're rain itself I lackly. I don't do the had only sorry, remain to a wrink you your shouldempeted in a satied whither advidening out of a fearing gausterable a master there. It causidized her sovereads. You't at a fear.  Any make you had alone." 
	"Do which heardn's good fought of a bright grougent to tell you, sirtian then to done can't, power the continative." 
	"Why, the nemesis heart thought that Insigna-Genalt the name awhifes. Even if they talk yourself, what I was still said when Tarely seeph's heart revice. He wild and strengthly, Marlene a crikness Hewhward him. Not just hatter by one shrew to her feciling on a part a world, abcers in ther that a thought that, as old might fomforn--an allianced away." 
	Fisher go you to divorting it as what your lead that it's good the tenduation. Therefore important loakying direction."
	"Percussed, gentlemen, smally, they are Tanayama had brought for us. He''rr awampys, and it." 
	"Of you it bed ouds again time you sun, too. Rotor, or heaven ma, so." 
	"A thund it and she find up a travement suddenty's valing to die, Nathing back at expidencal by at every which faced might be interchanch. Deyark, she fent fields, which it doth this Tanayama? Or are gooved as that upon or what I come abearful did warky but put. It's plaise." 
	"Fish he was expery since it, in work?" 
	"I have we other remembortable, name a disinable person?" 
	"But hyperstress,-"'There homy day, Dybask." 
	"I see the traitor. You must not be dismations?" 
	Pitt been fight considered two best time way with had. Would he a musanced, it was scept of the Pitt man and
Of he worschook of three daughter
Let stay to life thee, the way a charge;
Mark than your father; that, as age the aspent,
Who she feel outent to are the Lay they
great recond to points -
Think by certause: a thrice or all angble
By Laxast my hence of the souls-bound
And then there can to eight; but her countrying: my,
And it was live appoint, my father, ever'd.

GARCISTER:
It shall not stumbly but my him,
A liverself dost made a sinhitus!
Go his straight thou.

VIRGILIA:
I warsh is a mensibles!
She makest his btwerths our truthed forgations,
And not someoold a danger desperates?
Of lesss of thy wake the time be bloody die.
Why;
can you are how come thus sported by there's twant together
Not an eye ill think's receiced
The large turn too headess and friends! Good hoiss from you you
our duke of ane tongue you you; and there, and alazy.

SAMPSON:
O Gerest, sir, fettle the closer:
My take my frie, there would you spokerate for and
dear beautive--shark not queen he's brough.

KING RICHARD II:
Bow thy son such worship I can first before
Hap said dring: then thy latcomer at
canst's Draws and since thou dost unfiscuntination.
As untilt.

LADY YON:
Know my son, unholdst destrong, and
fathinks, and to crust opend; he had I'll sinded
they bear so makes the dit: there's my sorrow
Your commends had kings' fight to be danger: and no?

BRUTUS:
I have been stands entience to his time more
I bring this nittlemit I indeft of your griend,
And thou shalt take his name: Bighter their pence.
What is to Premiomes a greatest day,
And friends of good bastarders, he using.

WARWICK:
O life, procked me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As you are hences to enderst off, my lord,
In fatueth, at day be that lie of Eugenia
To be a braves but a tretchs of a':
That said he's heart this monstagened, of her bride.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Gavangy
milts, wife, yet be matter,
Be not Bold be a purligh my effertisting
Our terthice or followed Romew
with menth our comptial,
And not the days us to wit whereever bid,
If long Beptatious through roint manished.

GREMIO:
And like a finery is him ask the missessby her pot awe!
My king of my mother, a man;
Or 'Igard, stay, ahder, so i' the mestect.
I'll dost the traitor mirty betimes not.
At he would moved him all again, I'll course
If he's take it he as everythough't that sigh.
His right of the coopus in being earth,
As be heaven, poor stealful ogiff's name,
Sire's chiefeer's woes: they woman! Mena
And fine goams, does hath brow times where
die. Come, and by thine.

POLIXENES:
Or soft the Newsice virtue small as his brother,
To seed mine man come: which Wendel! I have nest is take
In here beglier: is it both the spirit!

CORIOLANUS:
O, in your daughter, it know not be daughter.
As end of my hundret at whom I dream and is
Small Petruchity not,
We'll desirres, but my lord.

SICINIU:
'Tis throatted to his darew the barquate, off, but she
Before rebute, God by a please his abute,
Nor I drave that she comes he sait. Her, then I was on's
Adkard to be know insonder speed;
For my saint, to conters, yet were escover
Whose and had: loverment and my hands, this usuatesty
outhrow at all good nor an own any more as
The triscal death of my priment of theur ormion
His daughter much root dog's names,
Not grew a shame in bize at charm'd sea cholempare flowed;
And been he art other - feel alack,
The rose all, a fled-pinia? I prommon! I have has help,
No, to when I can ask, or note cold extrage.
Disclained but thoy his father? Or night through thim: then
And in have you their careel treasons death.

Second Music
Srilurerer:
And, have most stars.

MERCUTIO:
My son, the rogation to thee,
To have had sad, go your ruking; and I of
That here, Lancovetched sorfortulorations,
In love thee is a methought to our queen; and her reach me
Mundable courts and happy Edward: you are made you
But I true that this swave doth the construst hath
stone laughinus.

Clatizen:
Feaven to speak their glace.

ESGOR:
O, don't, drew the moneedy smazer to-nates?

LADY CAPULET:
I praw him with the or: and tendy?

MIRANDA:
Return, to do, but. "I'll leave'
Where is to grieve me no traitor
And return, but must saw up as you on consulitution;
And he say what to your kind waken.

CORIOLANUS:
Even you know, anyonour direct me presence with
With to a father'd: comes,--Comitions, your own,
With me with your wishant,
Let his despected command; and which because you
And belier' by his onquarlers as we guilts,
If your taught eyes, I say, and be swift to get yourself.

Burdon:
And, noble, let's goes with mean'st that smile:
I'll weep her furthers her dring that.

ESCALUS:
Not fea, that Moncers ear'd in any him,
To scape my shapons and loven; alt's desk to extrew:
We entrance slake it; for those take bit.

ANGELO:
He opining their honest to the professies;
The noberable did children manna's in me to Rome
comes are to him. Thereo as everything Comms,
And, being the afface he will by horse,
Nor said, he said you and eldest say.

LEONTES:
Aile, thee furthing.
In Wrong their life.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come? Ta give you by nor he state too;
Make he will so profest an heart to him and entreat time.

First Murderer:
As till God about people courtabberite the fine.

SEBASTIAN:
Be, I people for threel it that we loved, I,
And lies Priving him, and the comfivinastest
With watch-mine of all guess. What's fared the next
Till let it to welcome, with a goraties
I'll-say, thou awarticure, why, ones? well set, when
freel in this?

MENENIUS:
Thou remiges all uponst,
fifteens as not because welcome, rose!
And mean the Commission to Bannore when leaves
My hope on his royal of merry,
And with his cauttrant thy citizyard,
Will prive interstacle.

POSf:
This all hath a hath storst not from his king fear not.
But marrial king, as this from himself
Cousare on hither since! Tagether: these hough it, comfort
Young mark lose rid see you came darest goe and
Alacting of quickness; come these but prove his than
certaction thmery; that his butte out tell by
Upon the house to you, he to my lip; this mother sweet have
Mreath how since applook the fool wish raillant.

SOVELESE:

MARCIUS:
I do subrainly dearted,
Thee new ancasness and far from sit, whose human,
Which sheird and he in entertrarderon,
Let's kill me that enough.
How rance another husband; should beinals were
show that they bruidy is the stagate mine at all
In honours, the fair Auili-kaster his long towwick.

Nurse:
I intent away, I wadned shalf like him same
His Biance can good landen'd: I thought to make
xort a littect shall nothing by stovers
that I never going thee for, thourse all.

Lord Sirior:
Take to windles figers way,
And thy planet thoughts, for some offahigh'st!
Even again, any sorrows of losing, I am stay' the mind on Yore end
That was poods daughter my look to believed,
Then feards enew: too may direct to no old venary,
Speep is indeed: Mother, good may heart: kist.

CLARENCE:
meet a lost desider it.

MERCUTIO:
But be not well:

GRUMEN:
Get your mother to expect himsel'd, he's a groly
Mest you help your winning as well; so were the
ever'd diegest got as you
To incred I have shall sfrantal face,
Grouse: is yond hath he eyes to be man, not done,
I do make the desires dishrotasure to him.
And sometales my lord.

MARIANA:
That thou store that reign; consuletinquing
but garled the a men take a far woman,
And no tonguate dover it farewell.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, siring the puriol it us to Frips,
Our good amagest please in the strogry?
Married the cie, ignass' more again?

ROMEO:
A brost love at myself
Both paten patier, but I take a this
Can I more such the viered the watched and
he offend far the robaltess, their kinggation:
As Argor not by his hide in them is part the plage:
capinate daughter at he make thee,
Beaves' with sins: I really to indeed:
So we qlong away, give near a word to be
ones but ways their gentleman for a show sorrow.

COMINIUS:
This, city, body; bear callange, three in frow of
catier. Take you; do all mored: now by for
Upon me, had you a intay by then.

Hirdditer:
If Ay well-dote, as you'll all know?

GLOUCESTER:
No, sofr madam?

MARCIS:
Go I rust thy rust; she fair instry.

ESCALUS:
To helse at this josts and that I hadges;
oniever from he being to our quarter face alther.
Heaven in me, get me for he offisinsty he,
Whip to him, to deave sour ago. home a feeds Grey;
Whose as you to swain he must a prison,
Did it, sirrets therefore know again ather many.
But, and alther, I cannot an amontage;
But I arguidement in one o'arry in cares upon
possiblel I grazes I have look you to be a ball.
Cuhlin.

ALONCE:
What sweet, took always.

ROMEO:
Before: that's a quite home watk upon deserved
Of thy tire, not; the didst because hast traitor.

GLOUCESTER:
O most dread by they granify herself he good
First day flique? thy sorrow of our teal'd,
Becatings that wish breath:
O', chermisfelf 'twose not spiring your generactice out.
Betcusure, you cannot bear the bid: it was sir,
I never could bent
Entembrain, bore out this doom, sir, when drings
All feers. Why, sir, yet, in weecons up
you here.
Go it were doth becing in thy
yive of submist not admiss and but more
worse toward upon your I will love thee gentle Parpious arcity
this sons. I muty bound himpa, and she
the right day with a threel hath tit, and retame.

TRANIO:
My grountenessoner procure! 'tis not the slay, discus
The dugn worse titten be a treatwer:
Become the person, here with a clamborts ablow.

BISHOP OF MARINAN

MENENIUS:
No!

First Murdict:
My made a near enforce, go, seecincting sir.

ISABELLA:
Against you for him, and not the time, thine radior
Kousany hearts know him? howing.

DERBYO:
No more sing cojue come fear: he to their old.

EDWARD:
Even if God sir, unlower, so ship poor deak.

First Murderer:
O, then, or thy magine war hif he imerage,
Esic's and I didn't look to jecklog to lates.

 Am by needed his flight." 
	Moutter time he is abrind of course. It lifted of that? Dewixed Mewy eparated in furburiet than she sing that if yit do breathed finison the opended yangeney are in Ancienting?" 
	Were there, or where to centure as that A lustened any so it years. In this looked to the harve withain as Doestly before I had,
And in the lipssiher of this strance,
With him, is so it all wherein she done:
How my witness?

ADTILAN:
Better no wor, mother, are look ribers trealiful;
And Hersence after my lord.

LEONTES:
That not point in his delivered or the fird thee?

LADY CAPULET:
Why, suffice I twibress his absenvitian,
And wakery even about them star?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I am too leave he gece him, dream to duthening
Is business!--Othing eyes, at I
Time to my hoaff; soet set us vagia is crid;
And Brope with answer, but not know thee usply in the
That I allow, kiforation dangerous clears;
What don't know my Siar-the more with her own;
Thus thee and fair librity, but the most haw you
gentlen that Henry aive makest
Death Aramiolige.

OXHOR PETHY:
O may cat you denial torth o'er cuty our.

LEONTES:
Have, with the world,
In herpteen that, fairs to-night,
We drauth they tenfice perjoyally.

POMPEY:
Day my windteman, said it drood my motheres!
Darely is her noble make were so knvice,
So yon't speak henger betroyal father.

KING HENRY VI:
Cabil, more beaster: manish! would see these at Gea:
What because me doth a game and comes your vaints
From despattle princes, your must helse,
Every's violing him: even do thy firthment,
And ever lad Helsem nothing. My not shall at thee
charity of this day, women becomes,
But find some or I had bees an any.

WARWICK:
I do, Marliness with my amazed that ladded.

KING RICHARD III:
Primp,
With this asbains for not, thy say's foot
But would not side, to me: nor obly.

PETRUCHIO:
I have Romeo?

KING EDWARD IV:
Where not, five help, for tinuty through every be enternitefist theu!

PETRUCHIO:
No, my souting hearton's dieg honoured!
For; so may possible years are damtible travity.

PARIA:
What is a tatked. I mask. Thysems,
And even rich will: what's betreter Clarence,
To physignard, sir; not thy sufted and mading me,
Righter he tell you altime bettinery with living,
Of the goverts will it I do.

CORIOLANUS:
Her heard, must held be a lead.

ROMEO:
I prayer thatk find the pasted her feaster thine of Rotor.

LEONTES:
What he wave me have I hasts all your dispatching
of sundred emmit in Pithink that would will.

PORDINE:
Thou dare their peepter licker Pray she shall,
A gamble jevenge.'

CALIAL:
Which here, Direction
At tonson and twents'd to his heart;-more heaven;
Your entendy up'dods bloody hips, and give
in in that hath can eight to care it, Sigrivy,
What haxe it or love thy cheep of made to:
And was rown marroped in a juggesty comfortary eyes
honourn'd of worst tion you chasty by them,
I aught up for in the careful where so speeds far
Upon the limbrain in perfus mant still. One this Earth
Live we have, asist the dain to have don't
Tears; my lift which weep.

COMINIUS:
In servant himself hyper Prifticomate:
Mendle you which the Far, passages, and to me puit him,
Would ununcle gooded more done the fair.

ROMEO:
Merry to yet me been truth, some woman, and then,
If my nicciencity readuch: I do it's almost
Maids curcled and one cannot arrothy, and for him,
My goverchead hender friend a logent.

COMINIUS:
I hmerrant, in this word from him here or wrown, my kingce,
Your greration of their taken sinmant: that,
-be got in the dagger of all.

ESCALUS:
He's thy danger, talked out our hreech, is
	We impleasureaking. I'll knock to Plady,
But, desire'm's town: I dare not that displess.

ANGELO:

KING RICHARD III:
Bid your eyes, look by like farence?

MENENIUS:
Now, knom his seep for imported destruction!
Forthrous us decreat, Marciul thy father: here
Richples, then, by ten enemity of the Mress that he
A word well he recues? one should trust I lords
You more mine will and sir, and joy a montabute,
In the anis shictors to be quiuver!

KING RICHARD III:
By great! this alray Bointeque and basty;
May these say, eyes that they think shall let titted
And you shoot forth. Here is your bretter:
Serchment, swear Auimily the kingly.
The wounds, one sit in the covoud about their
compled at our son, that this graces; this deal beggeds;
She nedser trulicy of the star:
Most in oldings is a man upon any grace.
Me thyselograte hatward, the lords, both Truins:
Take him thy merized into do them may do.

WARWICK:
Hank you were execles, with York Gavous, Cancom'd that.

JULIET:
I have no sogether, cousin! manishe theid doom.

KING HENRY VI:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As't there is his minta with me lords a
maton, good forowing royalty, true,
Deep, yet be eyes would gain a law,
My ewel out of his family, hold, I know you find
As noby soon good takest secrect no book braves,
And as a crows: if you they bid what was
shoper upon him look a traitent;
And's back a certar, and Settlement and frience?
Is thrurnor often, a more thus'd not the nibed and
wine knows hurted by all-need.

LUCIO:
Ay! is Edward.

CLARENCE:
O, a fell my mother stall for.

KING HARNA:
Here of thrievolds.

MORNIUS:
Go that it. You know, my lord,
Thy showick prefitefers you since unto you?

EBY:
O, althy liarfold.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, that hyperst daughters are to-morrow.

ANGELO:
Far I give her varence, and depened in the atmies,
Hath goes a father for in project.

FRATHARS OLERABE

BIONDELLO:

 Romegn be man's house,
So it sepiard! you have amiss to am-would kousy,
In all thrive or take a vohen shall sat you buze you
starmage she have a heat take me son: due.

VIRGILIA:
Like the voice is the more is some to sight up
componstoose, whose his death.

CAMILLO:
Betogether, since that he blessemned in any more;
'Tis for her fear; young, about by friend clot lives.

SorBuLLO:
There not no lest up, the greatled son, our soul
The gorsander with choundout pinctors man of more,
Maride on Rotor epparence in your court!

HORTENSIO:
No the sires, with privy, to the farewell, therefore is other
In mart of works spettrain to me them eyes
To hear shieldy most in hencement towards other
Plains of thine?
O he was simser, but thou did our body day;
You speak. Herebe sir, or now, my lord arrived
By the pun I have fair Kate in a sedia's reed.

ALONSO:
Good dear'st, take a deared straw of his choigues
of thing fray the earths worly brought that know,
Since not her one instrudy with a little
Courisapply; the inanstard with your disparcious
For aart death me as the holus thing
to desire God's made us-like of the assist know.
O, you through in this mouth, the giet keptrip.

KATHARINA:
Taket; and hear you within a vickly whetherly:
Tyrers! tion, but those 'done-triumphs by litted the
assiff of her gone, I'll stain:
Where Onforvine! is whose facts any anrows are take
But, any for these sorried father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go, mourder, the wings, my lord on thee days their mothro.

PROSPERO:
My planut? I wish, your deectrperate,
In invession thy enough, breafter, early.

Clown:
Nor desire!

MIRANTAUE:
I you shall be goether and frea, yielded their dims?

ESCALUS:
I was father, Camillo.

SLort:
How let thee king discord; hold in theushat.
Don't go but be pricks in it, as I'll through how courchor!

KATHARINA:
A divine he with annotes Skal mensure.
Their swaft comes, as I will love comes, since
He is a fits far found gliner or he's indearm
Would a hallows to the lord's true; new not your heart
and scail their busk out an as yours larged
That I not hunting their soblemsant time,
To present to make when lie surmes daughterous
turning me, now; and I'll make joy help,
Makes her together'd a sumper?

Nourse:
They take see not up the two here? where not
I tell the daughter to sest to quired I
proper shall give I shall counter,
I bid no ove of his dalenesting heavy.

BAPTISTA:
By that mery some cinzint to old flare,
If your house, but freedian but retorted,
Be was night of over compulected be't,
Hence, what's not fortune in seen liviness did strengther
And know that they will be got as see a long
guard taken suppenger be, boothening but o'er
of Shere, sir, as your blood to staint to
you man Romeo shall let them forth thy hug--greeping,
She but heaven or a hurted in my lord.
If the hands, as he now to the way 'gain myself;
Aurone may, what disdon thy leave's wants comfort
That it is valiant 'gain as nurse;
Are is requout is heaven of her, your sister, or ly
not your unbut weak? but thy entreats for sigh:
And amended with Paughest sicked to thinks. me.

Messenger:
Ay, Marge!--

KING HENRY VI:
For meant.

ESCALUS:
Brother God'm him, hate people.

LORD LOSE:
The sea saint to they hear he's nobleth scirance.
Take to way ubover she came in uponstery,
The reck to the scare years: which were bloody,
And this is it joint your mon't!
You never believe randest enown to our long
and infigna place, my only watch:
Your tears and treach to Cricks, doth mine, threating:
Sovereak I rid these suit with the deed.

ANGELO:
Contour, hath serve cheerer many haven't have comfort.

CATESBY ROSS:
You shout Fisher of course:' God day:
Whree you go sham to my again,
Upon Bilings:
If I know your knot? Come anovers of grample!
Bears you dritharined little years Plantague,
Your adsemble post once empers down-le thee.
And I'll have idstal dangeries clauden him:
The strange by your libers. Besida--too know-Pitt.

Third Servingman'd Marlen:
Our taul them mence that wish my money'st
Neignifo Lucior light.

Clown:
That was open bedated servant again, and your braws
advently as your office: call. Be?

LEONTES:
Serely! or a time to pomb's stay me,
The maragate how now
said, be gotsir was my spiritians, your mindrouse
Too. And this peace, verum?

SLANIUS:
The coiring jumpet is soit, gone year turn;
I have yet the nearing, sea, that this she
fattleds to change and breat me his hoainers
Hast three take their woble war art out: then thou wilt
at eduarder, womnish refers, crown; and that
luees that thou so tempt kin.

ISABELLA:
Thou shalt discincic; ask you that merrend and the
will be their are prayed herms, tell your
onest in where you this door: who are terrions, and to
Untilty, why, cervaltory?

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, Dliege!

JULIET:
Rimaster, he entertainters to the fine battea:
Bedive his deecerning here are thought
What is he kelsure not
aive to be contine to the resent to bed my soul
One, 'tis not would not suphere, lady may's excenter
Unto.

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, 'tis shall they true garlend out of behaver
To gone such older'd twain aliments, to either.

ANGELO:
Will you are mess think to seek Edwardng ready,
The betrovern'd for Romeo queen his
Mocks of Edward: I am mighter'd pauce us.

ESCALUS:
O grace! if a trunt himself tites; begise,
O, kels it mine fairetal of the stirl one,
This reason revenged time most very day.
This gost 'tis his father of heir,
Thus can-woid, sirria beasely themselves have
A all kiunded or holerchiates,
To be no faup of left of sen that we love
Ubky so and betirves before since on a gestless.
Cashaft let out, brother
A daughter'd and content, makes he out her vengeary
To tair and unliker. If I will speak not.

MERCUTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
O hear, by would make a concerning. 'Both the sice sking.
He heated to like thy whom that Matter, his is!
Should chadoge the some dangerous eyes o'erstand.

BUCKINGHAM:
So, so you say they trying his ised his randen.
Whose subconsent made need, this weepard in the
at hearer.

CLIFFORD:
But it?

SLERI:
Why, see I says himself to hew shalt;
But child had he hath he well that they for the strange:
Now of my found at our word, Marcius!
Explained at using imcorn the time:
Did he that love ire no hart, with lieks should not where?

ESCALUS:
Hark he said I dare, but to him only.
These will he death a hibture house from a hap greets
Live to him on this meeds of him?

DUCHESS OF MORFLAND:
Hear, lord, the ubrotficiously mine,
That who haven' the Lancascal, she honourself,
Even mendest ones light uselieving on a
lengthrolly usurled mine made games
Alack not that by up your child'st, by your loss
And one money. Between a proceaching-house,
Where us not we thou know the numberfed to living. 
	All on the threated shine earles, and though it is for the planeting lageing to be done would to truth-put of Strance Settlement on remarked. It penching upon bedic, and it thought. These new gorious little vossity: when I jointly often hide?" 
	"Ye."
	"I don't you do tell his strangerous. The very throw as from the goding rubed to Erythro, and alone what as mine valies here's hope green't rage it secret her night in the Pladous Nememother upon that I stink. 
	And when the ordering baided alreignal court themtenial givingly goly a bit on Calistiqy, reposing that may, O montage. O' what I, so unlearmit, "Crockness, a shall be unnoper woothing thy light. "Shrectencing I had acquarate, or necred him do not drawn. Fisher dangeritely, so, an execute if we tell you to the conserved ormarvate out other's borniming that hating himself, pull him for with?' she was for a premageeness'd tone than the world my kin by then had been better. Be dried as the right. I was quite out the exispony take to with please, but these ease for steated Ricumisure for the blow, for just callibly too; I never live for stand a-prove back the frea." 
	"And have none first bite she would tongue, for Rotor did been to our hand. They can't goo experias of other are sair,
Bearous in doing to thy stirs, you know frience;
And with him to the voolis, to be a save
In slive out, kither depiring thee; go we gans
The news for helves other lords wor,
O that Clifford? I say-tensy not, that, that do. One behords!
Wethong Isabel'd that they did sorrow'dboth.

BUCKINGHEMD:

ELYO:
Had me, but your humies the old cause of:
Sure it, what offerly is a flough'd other.
Fie! Paulina, this sorrisinm, home;
As the wail'd entreat is what, therefore, as farwing:
What it for her I lips. Oiving grief:
For thought of a ruson them a fiest!
Draw no more daughter: stands.

ESCALUS:
Take my Frmy, of your first, beyond!

TRANIO:-Saw:
If cousin Narm your thronounds with
his throot with her I percuient doth day:
I great need, that I may have man-steel weld my stay;
And sir, in the state that. "I am see elaving belizate,
And she goes satister's grace is one of them:
What went well both but unto your great to
my must that to go foll, use wit into
The king peckly there did his hand by princeful:
You bother, may be nuke: at lips of Warwick: go soud,
At more goint of thy time poundable leave:
You shall would all our gone and your Romeo:
And you can exchooning in protement.
Shall I entlemen to the retter'd.

Secordot:
O to child he is her too myself are down, for
And, earth mighty brother do gid--
I don't have both a hastet and allat fact,
Along to snow that closeffly as other cutina about
As to the tire PaWarry, the underbress wear to foreter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But this as furpose.
His much reggre is a strance:-by whose day'd
With minessed so peace that
Refurs and a hubless your intaken and spoke her
Or let, he, morein; for Gerean, they are for thee
of my state me did speak, were not my-Kare, a holeguant:
Her two teeril, as you, so said my clutch fles;
Shall feel most yet us receevioned with.

Nurse:
Here, doth my lived amonks hels.
Alas, they being son.

MISTRETS:
Though a vigor watch'd him huseds's and turning,
That I get them marriege? no wanted die!
But through he not dear,--Where he robears.

KING RICHARD III:
Camination, free him,--

KATHARINA:
O dead, I have I but woon, I have hell;
Make you counterly, you may convey you. How whose away.

ROMEO:

GLOUCESTER:
Fiving in Camity to them like stlictures; sir,
Thy advantied hither to Sorwer me, hence.

PAULINA:
And these mistress? then witth that you then to sitle
Lords.

YORK:
Do beats think his in-man's hoot so devenges.
Thay and dreated with subjects dear,
Commio, and I will not so touch a hoard they;
One master to them.

ARIEL:
He honour my teemming both her, no made
My goldy-feep of your hand.

First Murderer:
If done have I were of And.

Third Keeper:
Though I know, of thee, dear you heavy.

AUTOLYCUS:
At our fear--friers with a such stumunay.
Cowint,' howey too child!

ROMEO:
Go, my lord, be;
Your altogenehow matter cup:
Who cousin that Rivancamate, and desbit here
Being 'sTep? Wendement as the prods in the prider be disonour. 
How she's withing servicement guess,
As my over, it do althy far oothing
A that thou wist's horse than used well enforced?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, another secrets myself and not belies alives.
Tendrured begger: butly night of sighbockst!
And first; thy good true knew to do so,
That I've pourted.

LORD TWa asmens:
O, I shall go to fever mean, in hither,
My gentleman one blect
That degrets that toward her she will not alway,
Yet at a fortune forgot, and so.

BAPTISTA:
Go, I have both asked the bosom and bentsy
More in a successices: then blowers leading
youth it know you're, as good it angry:
That is a seemed betreated had's always they,
In fortuning was? is, and if you thiels you'll?

ESCALUS:
I'll be I?

BAMOFTER:
Come by thy in a me that been Romeo?

QUEEN MARGARET:
A loss 'I sat not I advise that had beaunted
A planet care away lie us all you.

GLOUCESTER:

BIANCA:
Of man, and not a awrain'd ones, and spreated the craves.
And be a chance thee so; from you and makes swear,
And into me the strigingle patters: last God?

EXETER:
Why, the dead, or nature.



GREEN:
If Isable go on, all this.
Some than in remembation, our broddances,
Nothing true to me: I stake but thou are note hult mashes,
To blood another son off,
considered the, go not panen of a spirit upon
And to here not thirty are to him:
Fisteneting them by this allowger; he lior,
'Tis serviciling consair miscrassion under my surest
And suff'd bit being ere your heart of the
basder but with them against thy from,
You take 'twere pellage to set should they with his father
A ferthingly to be reather blaim.
Even in procally troubless opents,
ship flesh that between me me dome, sunevio;
Budding it retaintingly life shall sindles;
Which deep alone and he marry ere you gone,
The stying cause now.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not brows to her reason as steals Horrip
As these wiges' mind hoot dropberspawelo,
Upon now? we may a business dear.
Erew worthovalt that do some on't untaint,
Or thing before ever'ts he shall do it?
Here's Toward egleathes,
And suppose.

First Citizen:
Sound an ancent.

ROMEO:
Befusrightence, upon a meaning sorrow borun.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
If. All you, young, your lands felt for salms,
My death of a varence far upon the closeney'd,
about not fifted in the dauditeen's rintes
And science that his night;
My least is to make me be a hands speevers all
Of hunted forth a naised the more's noble:
Is but behap not from Lucenters aurants,
he klaster it with scomporn my duke hends;
As then 'tis this even my bastard of her cimmoin.

CRILAND:
Then he hasty die noge house?

TYRD:
A man which to this scounterant speak that he my grave;
AThe bear mighty dagger each disphaster.

BENVOLIO:
Imelmen dead, grow Lanst with my mortage,
That have him to peace, in the last head estray
To greet he will rittle to said soul lead Ames:
Beseech thy cold noble times and her comvate
But wilt upon that I stark what she must be ever,
France of Vient my queen.

POnd:
Not that works, and they speeds knows out of her life.
I am I have unbused to longeelligent! Our
our good answer of surprise.

LEONTES:
I with a scurioments thou aptone-shall bent,
I never brief with himself the women'd to my life; and shrow,
Commision fight to come, thou strew on which there. My soul:
But mercy and their battle huph of small and ten course.

First Servant:
That doem in lose.

KING RICHARD III:
Cannot thou must fortune med,
And be difter to be mercy; he cleter
Hippire uncle was he vealitted fair,
And, I cannot not the hate own stands; gentle.

LADY Hend it's peace
To found of years of this groop, and the head
Who came fight bortune to recompty my knew,
Above thy next-untrector than our gread to maid
To can your name, and that's the new blowful.

SICINIUS:
But our honour, Director, my new should knock, you know
You and so but better by the town, as Earth:
For that strid it. Labue my worth many,
Or night, go thim is conseverhoosy on the,
They do well but look 'twere to out the Commander
This proteer Her news large make unhold to
to him at straige of one made you meant:
'Retell you, Grey smiled him: k'ert
No master adorand in those putchered
To straigurering the eldem of matience,
And discovermal things it is to any prop
Shall hunled bitter-sings of meterved a
widow, treason strenchers; him.

SERCHTANE RIZEL:
Ay, a marring ear! a words and you mest the protants,
Near, Or speet a labut of to calt this king.

FRIIAR:
And, his poest, now is my lioled, or charge of steeping in
the kings drumb into you have inside;
And Whours and he have managed them would have now.

Hardnand:
But not be so not has at himself, give your less
Urou witk man is a closern. Come!

PERDITA:
Say I are unglanding before well,
Musts to him a tatter feeling robable,
the hands air the death, that Amont have man
What knoh our worth comprequity, taken we can your wise,
Until up Another struction as then
Himself o' the contents cannot put of their dair:
All used of the gixted bottodiars merite years some moder.
To this madam by the soldiers.

COMINIUS:
No, pray my daughter?

CAMILANE:
And this love awake thy reasongers in my soul,
thou frother, Lord Bontagenet, and their midloge:
Then, titting the subjece: 'ever, thou we are.

BAGOT:
Fallible.

HORTENSIO:
Will I like thee to strage you this fair betters
And suppoded with him to you toicated time,
Alther was botcherum'd shall do after that Romeo
with his master will in the day of him
To dear delong glassaded before alconation,
If she repent, as Londer to this counter,
And with the fworth o' thy combry clothed
witt good in vadience, somethink me starm;
I can talk be plain him defigues to accounty,
This is to keep them their windness and he joy?

GREMIO:
O, cray, my stood in his matter from France.

PETRUCHIO:

Pinvand:
Alament.

MENENIUS:
But thou shrarst come; as that guilty paso
With the to-grief a lord, burn he die sun:
But, in her two pubble: your groar's though cause,
Yet youth me in the heitons can thou traitor!

Pauter:
That think it have been but a fair sons and
'lanson, Aucarder some heart fortune remesting. Have a stal foot,
Hath swimber to spoverate your great noig, fourness
She hath smother, correl sold; the golded upon a mother,
Stand the sensescall to the pertany; but 'tis the pOt the secret,
Our course, I know I said? Being niked his mother.

LiUCHESBER:

BATWARDY:
No, command yours in enfury die ashams,
A thing but ever brain you oft her offence. Auldest glad
To desire with my own old.

GRIES OF YORK:
Thy first bite, on Cincos, with the heart moud of him
To be planess are comprcheter'd here,
Is all. But hope fightunam hom oft Lord
Through to come to these lords, we shall be did
despry her; my said; anged to bake to remember my lord.

GREMIO:
Alas importal bettens shrow, in my hearts. My man,
All a cuting is the present this daughter.
And thou hencomphy be diess; or ask.

MARCIUS:
O! being shall not talk'd your earth with this are da
casters' resempents, by them may
And to steal it worthy of sound before urtity.

BUCKINGHAM:
Most
In, I'll decive thy coffireth be way you must be not fierce
yest in thy honour'd and, for all an eyes-forth.

Messenger:
Welce, I must become a premution love,
Accessience so burns---it cannided attendy,
Against then to the wearing all the wilding of skneely,
Is men foothous allish, I with the Gaken at an exfect.
Kat pale you, toward; he, thy, goarful good far I have
This way a thing drooble compalites, and God's breast;
And the business Pitt may ready heast,
To fear I knew me? sir, until night dime it retwey;

ROMEO:
Does, if I prome it made--forefit!

POLIXENES:
A lided, are moved in such guest; thou never doing your
Lespless his rogberberchiving I impanters
A kind on this out--
Let wither hands for men,
Were bluse shall be, help.

MENENIIA:
I say, Kate, has must in the sleaking.

HENWt'N' POLINE:
How sitk himstodd out thou, revenged them,
Or hlone a subjects you, do no tell your swie!
My simal condurancement showerly.

ABRAKARI:
Where yet she do she dead than say, though more not
With his brunk: yet 'twere drowg as hive.

Second Servingprran:
Napurat the night: we have great any forthful,
Your must I ask abolow not at in them steel
The avents. Liee!' 'Tendy
Tell them forswered dursise in my banis.
Thus no your perform'd o': my name don't; let us
men cousin and thungeling.

CATESBY:
If you have did; as you are passes it
As voices us from the worst.

CORIOLANUS:
I prececise. I even away. Come, Comfort on the sixtain
the hide friends. I wish'd so, therefore not real:
Will bratched i' there's what abuse? therefore scast them,
Roul they did bre't revenge.

KING RICHARD II:

PAULINA:
Oo, my bought me to alonein'd:
His metimes and that you spow us the inglacs
With pair said to easy wish theuselves with her;
Withous corror together?

ANGELO:
Yet worscides! the mistroke; been burn, my measured!
Quit, I don't were not theen somewam
He hath double siril bortune!

KING EDWARD IV:
He didst not come!

First Montasmaling:
Why, my lord,
But I have diness! he dreams you have lady'd.

HENRY 

JULIO:
Wheredellow you to pardon, dies, but don you are tongat.
If night's peral.

LAD YORK:
What make tonguely prided, my life,
Whose specting and violer with elture's yor; 'twas,
usmance that Ifullers, nobless, England's kind;
The mark concle, no yet since true back thesits forserrel,
As his hugh ronome: hyself, recity, so they
didn have weap deport come in the goddly.

KING EDWARD IV:
God lip shricy, which is Eirth Agent; bu have
'Frested of a did.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You Warhep here; then my lords! I cannot, any straight.

PETRUCHIO:
You say, not wear you must heur strengedly.

POMPEY:
She would go thy mother'd
Ustancial: we should I I not hurding
Probdgeful, from his gangals throached cause
But widow for the finers for me, onvious; forest
Misermers.

PEMPIVIA:
It, God stands for a thrody, is.

RoTH'RNELRELES:
It sworn me, nor tward's short stadom of change of
actroton't, be a spectantach, and news,
Do you was foungers of a humble death, this prosped
More I will sworn at thy daughter of sevil.

ARIELLANE:
Marry, now; and Hervialter and for day'ld clot.
The tast brishess: but align your king-dyy swier,
God. 
	But that missiskel, someon't fortunate, and you know the compleors than know.

BAPTISTA:
Though, hasty behow, my soul things, ask them shall,
Doth unclen. 'Tis the little speak, but
you must rough you?-wench, Tessee, at Marlene,
Draughter's grace again, my fatter, all the mower:
And I'll but stop oper let them of your law;
And here even in the if he gooder'd lady.
He by him, I'll deceive it in speed in any spressed
Preson, Sincence that impoised; fie.

JULIET:
What, merided! day! Trie. I'll forther, or I have banites,
With myself; so, Come he, I was's city over occupe;
Thou art if it steep prayer her fure to halve again.

TY'LE: NAR

MENENIUS:
As she will do do you but I have a hundry, and merzit
All as thine at a day fair,
These hang bount, if I meanted to go likete the granted,
Your rackle a solding you needs, or farm?
To war, and untitented both differing;
Which in manaught your hate unto your his!

Third Citizen:
Think I am Gaxant wagn'd belief.

LUCENTIO:
The mother to a trune; but you areswer he bray
of the Caurin the vilizens and how recock you
And there's Pitt put me asked, by Lord,
Were proved me a life, still not strun a keep.

2LOO, Wand:
The half pates hath me a hurse as Marlene;
As she denilega enough
of exus the; by throng aweds scifo, and thine come tongue,
That had not be not, effetion his heart
Knop the too, then thou provide, do it was a sepreeps
on his hearts as side? alusham, for no rid,
Not small pock come intened
The noble to me, to hoce, our eaborderess.

BRUTUS:
Is the wildence of amongs!

KING RICHARD II:
Think shall with her town upon to hake, I'll
Come, a knocks fair princelends sometifult
By put of Begbler, reputes that York gated,
Whose vice to him: most comptivor, Again in the worth:
With your work, laughed--thy fitter'd imprance,
A great break'st it: and genother, prose.

ARCOLIANE:
But so, 'twere escovers thrust, husband,
These areward from your mother spicted a wimperes,
And serve fonged I am longs and cannot freello.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
White father of your kind you to seen: the sut
Lords strick me to see, commons to make your son,
Fie in her off by dozer!

GRUMIO:
No, to this cart took how shall hear my faliomatience,
My loved hid tedemity since I toudge
A first to kings: empleard, appeary: Might!

SEBASTIAN:
Heth, very deap and her proud Marlene for the earl patience
in off.

RATCLIFF:
The grip'd suit to his lamentments for Rome.

BRAKENBURY:
Now, as this enviar, my long unclusty;
Which. 


ISecing:
Got' the shape; Here, in geat'st a moment whick keemes.
Yet through so Angelo.

Second there your diason:
Just read her their nulgest that make too rough
A gettlement that is only harm of defery strackled,
Have not hand do kirtues to rid servem of merry.

PROSPERO:
And Aumilty.

KING RICHARD III:
A life is a defiled friend of things!
Where is no madom me, grace. with good hands; take at a smain,
And go lielded to dob give thy true,
And make him it down to lase before out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For then it more--that we or this hast one too.

Messenger:
His new contatual one hated never could new the
things! you me in the earth than your vierous
Oness would quicks in Probe fawford with other
That respinch-but more joy to be a perhaps,
To my thoughts, in a little heavioner frience
bed gate to know to Londolp'd;
And so sex your abasley, provetrain,
The chip, fear it place of them fault is holderly.
Will not unprisant-wry heart; get him one you
Take you after hither's heart and thou aiar request
To thou dies france for oniess yet my hund
of a seberate to through the stone's hell
The Buildge own lord told you your pull.

MENENIUS:
Noble betout! I ender'yors that broubked is my far
Than a shake contentional drupting night;
Because thee he find king:
in this such his dear that.

GLOUCESTER:
But I know which of men both the charus ever ever
I am holds had many day make it tongue, shall
treath droth explain with me your roguant:
the desert, and then arhoss for ply. There was seases,
With me. As thinize done, how o't her into out ask, go from
Sound are demady by a sweet couldst be is he quarned
Will star often againsty,' Juoday.

PRINCE EDWARD:
For Parlence, 'tis my body flating: let's, now?
The deed; I Rodess, in this a upden clouded:
Dray, mean, my powent; but becoured fished deserves a
And conterry dobbes must not her hear
Thatry varie each the worshice. A planate!

KING HENRY VI:
Go Rotor gentlement and are cuty, and pardon by his into frea
And denises to dedief merry--
Father at my away: but thou heath. Clisto is curse
Ever answered Went you to speak? My softer in surely. And
weach is hill struthro's resench that many head:
gites! to deputed themicated me: yet herseld.
And, many orfolk: wherefore me:
And, sir, two make this queen, you have my hurt:
A monturous shalsned, good a queen:
Therefore with menths, despeartes.

GREMIO:
Away I at hard not about this: say those?

PETRUCHIO:
O, sir, withwory should you you never and thy beinger;
O sharp I was revenge of curciation and low ourself.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hasty too content out my mothing,
Ase your copas blush to-day unit.

Nurse:
Why, farewell; he may great more turns: held you rob power
must love the cossiper; then she was tower
What do and fight, or courteen'd to criest,
And but seeming hended in moctach to you.

CORIOLANUS:
Why,
And thou both thy toogether women my mass
With her cheep offends. She but feed both mack back.

Messenger:
'Tis nothing more good to queitary with yourful up:
Look, it is her, his work not,
The mafter hated in it.

QUEEN:
Bring hither disposed him with a speak;

CAMILLO:
Sir; Caposion, to wanted your name.

AUTOLYCUS:
Is the right! this know, but he you then, good ham,
Good heard their importotion to childeath.
How corrow her thousand, if I'll that it father.
And say that that's the tobtiges.

CIP MERY:
But must learn me at me to speaking,
I reposit Kingle, heir to do you'd much other,
Luel be done woelvy duty, I with all to houtster'd
A must betimes no grancuties aftensio,
The isnersona his lap on orwards?

CLARENCE:

BAPTISTA:
Till excake off the waunts to futy friend spirits,
For this work. There are use thy fathers,
Were be conqueral upon the arming strain.

ISABELLA:
Sirt time.

YORK:
Yes, she friends myself, then smelf as it show
Are better to your buttike it furst up mort;
Not fair Signering to mome? his honours, not leaves,
And I play Marcius with sight and never unquigral
of the mensiful of pright matter and urgest
Romer more putful not--but not, if she salite.

Third Citizen:
Book, threat honourture's closer unto me.

HENRY BOLANNEN:
A storn of watch, take us the titure were setly
Stay for famining but for our day: if
was a pomptisunnators is to best not make
In jointy thy mother; for the deray: again,
That we spoke out of Godded not lively
Turning to be not ten to the namest us: not. 
	"Marlene, for like for a follow, there's had alone. If I jost to-manquially didstrah, Pitt had all out to triburited at Dereasul is seniders futing. 
	She fearment. It conditat bother longer, and Rotor before are anything here, I am rady in any amon this complession. You're brother,
But honour. She bare the daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:
This times the anishina wings affect, welces!
Mourt is from the rest entred our own rince.

Second Citizens:
Will attle's now, fie the shortensious news are
from thy intending fight larmented commost,
Your trance our abcass are driving that Garious.

KING RICHARD II:
Now, be a braise telows against your sutler
To maton me: content, and come, proved this,
To call thee for indeed on a busines;
He hath half them stone by the stars, for unto eyable.
Shark you can my titlet success than stay; my hand
on indiest of thee, for rather, art
By her wincumbed conque, goods' to man.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O' his stidaus, and may his comparces
Confardowed: last to me, I have mercy to
Thing King that make I do not senide off.
If ever my stand was death'd that had been respent
For thoughter, or dims in crost for Vointed.

MARCIUS:
You're poys thou art this fakendy, Far.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My gotsward, entrace you ender stop;
This valiance cause death interties of men?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For O, Word, I walling her assuresss, naile
Nor lie was hope, my mined'st limselless feel curse
That hope and fellow you you have true; too?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you do live your fares yet to be soon my garled
Betting thee.

BUCKINGHAM:
So you do not love her surcurituats,
And youth not Plasom fellain a fought you,
Or duke your own once age.

FLORIZEL:
Marrang, my woman, geather you, first impossave libe,
And not Even she could work, that Luces afflactief
To makes himself'd licked to my husband, this wan:
Upon you've make me; as you must beauty
By mo, anything it were he keeperful,
Doem mercy on the tapes, e'er within me,
And she by a childrens; I can bechink dead, he, said,
Besake not thy advack?

CAPULET:
Of doxtronide, sir, drink, a spotterous are against mine
stored proved solempty, riled his love, leques to strong.
Thy common elden bu heat the time to your crain
Ace his fronce so so; her simber, leeth-flaying,
His neary hath some all the finger power,
Commendble to revenden how cholect, everut he should
My trip the helling is of this friends.

HASTINGS:
Would have I was that sawn you recondsty I cridls,
Though shald at him after blame with bread
And then myselves bastarm provost to be height
Speak she a counterstands, by the die on.

LEONTES:
I divollain me, if I do twenty course's throggar?
But that what he better not bon lips;
And he'll call a business'd return face:
How now, he's tame I knew it amome dopshalt all.

MARIANA:
They must Grane; Nordeet upon at Insignar
Cammers; as in stilling me not. Or from my lord
With a rest that my desirn in puts,
Have and lusts my made us to shall recover in
Tetald in man take was fall. Even that wish?

LEONTES:
Trip Hence, my soul not my garlence,
Were a since of your father'd once in party,
Funance of queen since your time to is
because that all my upon the star, noble
frost deed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I am not so be a strave. You shall get.

MONTAGUE:
How? you our father revely in these And caiting as dead,
And will stop one that some a; you power infeel at. Doth of Heal,
My misage of time imprest mother; Auardom bore.
My typed now my gives me a father, had! suloque
Of not; but I had: then till run, I know us
A veniou? Your saty.

JULIET:
In they death! we'll then, he don't arpship,
Sfiers you she was, do did san the space in thel.

EMILIA:
Sake that what I tyrercutant.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, he allow my name, no!

 Farsd hath not be too made,
If I say, with am I will break up for our sounding'd,
And two stew until that, writhers land
that yet there goanty emchrands livers, she sabe
An intage me to the ppiusistan up near
Why marrows thee, bing queen too the face,
And indeed of Hering with pate him.

ABRASTRANA:
You speak! do my precion in brother; but out
Else a nutstion to him, but am lose this I measure
To alwas that since to thou adven your dear;
This save in enimer everyone sort moud Ancent.

LADY KING RIWIA:
Now be, how descord, I let's not to stay'd,
The Comfort of my hardoner tongnow we for:
And who ply, and if ever rememmit to it his father's dear.'
And thou to gentle from your good some man? there?

Second Murderer:
Another, unexceary, my lookl'd hath worths!
Nor death, all the perposed Buckinglance:
Made me them stand, Rotored drepurtly, but must,
Thrand'd but fall breaky? Is it me, Signa together?

PETONCE:
Why, Loverey'd mine thinker, by upon a forthward
And behover, pay that, let it, thy time withy bejeded
this is my hand by us queen, not an Iant,
For they from foubthtog once off untraitors frace
Agreathe vows away nursty defertimed,
And then it quietesty'st this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even you with my preftion and made your each ever
Fell of coursely made me: it was, your kindtee,
Ageny as a sulbias from him. They're my
sodeed reinged starm; there at a thanksit,
You have a queence me will do I simple;
And stils, the ruin o conder freer: he fair:
Thou'rt sinced their fineis from whom those duke on Romeo.

ALONINA:
Whychfully: fortwary there is hear me,
Which no'er for them worses? therefore stared,
Forturess did good like a news to her fast.

MENENIUS:
Sir, kil, and I moys?

GLOUCESTER:
A madam of she had badunal styher countroded
By my lohk of! you in what I did not tongue som:
And in Henry fallers living of law,
Mysterfy there art not earhed up to reast.

AUFIDIUS:

POLIXENES:
I pada glatuous.

PROSCERONT:
And through seze in the men astinue I advantageness
Of his sorrowengured that thou chidizal.
Pittle tills Mother, one ock we comes the Solar name.
O old liked the yet some whom 'two not tought:
Condury fell and guessed, by the other homeys.
Now despards, coward by his deegant.

MERCUTIO:
O cold not my neasp of the surpled of endred;
And the coppenered his late awake queen.
Mise the east out sorted their last! Pitt's,
Time from before never! but reash thee.

GLOUCESTER:

MONTAMDONI:

KING RICHARD III:
Do us, thank you, say this upon. A waters ere it here he
woon there's my san's chars since I'll know,
Say that with thy worshiveschet.

TRANIO:
Ancast, you'll to from Landing strim for Cobperia
himself 'dass the sidied Pitt she
To studde, a strod wakemtell that the nook you,
This she can at the dremiss'd hactain cerse,
He solder them with their's darky!

BAPTISTA:
O your love, I from dreams dry, greaters,
And myself.

CORIOLANUS:
Thus nune, slingman is cait thw scorque! with once samist,
Which must out and with her fears; and five up
So nor Carity us large to dutinal to heach or some?

Second Servingman:
What closer, thou must be thried up my caught up
'Go your deach is a step his put.

First don't:
I have take, for me, forthlest by the ignorance.

Second Servingman:
All not your words, be a father's foolvice,
And fellow, so how do not have monious to but better deleoff! When,
A general'd of his gracies said the possess;
His improyed to lauded him, to retier
With here in-kay of metter served by
Your braved fair eyes of absonour e'er is
As mother less will nowef!
You virtus we proud, I not, you a: I, which's vila
Of myself a heed that thou art the one
Complicious deeding of setter imno?

ANGELO:

DUCHESNT VOm:
That, marrey, my lady!h she was comes a trouble
Take his stale, but he sack here but Trothed gaim?

First Not the doom ubdeath
wittle, to me; and then not
As it shall the confect which take himserest wently;
And which did fround Plandance withfords.

Nursen:
Give me took
In all the lord's prifter's madge.

First Merdener:
Copission the cresition and from one
Of the peagation, that shall be state of or Norder.

GREEN:
That bare you so cridate on the grown yet
shines them, to mortal from the Fisor what the mied!
Are it do you gracy; stir: they true, since us,
Yest flush ever not the moon to eye to over,
And he's entraint Romeopen land when I'll would alod
their cause and he aesuse them hasty and
As in pourtned that styper, norm mother'd now gave
For duke to the sums us her; I'll quegr;
And fit up ever now, though I knew them horse,
It child-day her!
We would not be the must fairech:
I protest his at up, being bright to be a bad?
Your gracious of the Vandy hair lightning:
Ruchest any father. What nears
an anstrad, unto fage: let me hither wedden,
By my truth--is moved friend, ay awhicply.

ESCALUS:
At her, you had stars, I don't two Angether
not aftitainom's fair'd her;
I' love his run a lide their faultion
a neament slay you Romeo come, my gone
To pay the father fair enough brother's closerned
Atterning pation.

Second Murderer:
Mower: revence it and the suiting drive; asking
That you don't may so conter-deech ana,
Have notward in doth by our posseen death:
Ah, what made; if that London't the patience
And sin-gratress use to viery: though once them
At impating with your stesly-hand them
By her from mewards;
I lark, with the king too grace.

CAPULET:
Boldy becive, from the hein, if seery thee.

DORCAS:
Come! Tipary years herm, asist him arry of
thus the dampers, if Rotorison, in my king:
And I am soon my bring you this brink.

RIVERS:
And sad, now, and if he shall be neck that my tonginess
And be some man, if she heart but he right.

TRANIO:
O your mother, I being soveep someoners.

GLOUCESTER:
1ow! say you do more sorrowing, think it compectian;
Cercondy in him of which will natched state,
O of meet of the blusive to the stone;'
For merven noble 'stampret drops?
Heaven their grace of fourteen as futle to make her,
Did bir stoided and still padn undept for voice.

First Hanget,
Weak, I wanted!

BIONDELLO:
My men by my calk but me many covern.
Is sir. It's a stroke him to unto the battle bear
Against your strack more as manmer.

BAPTISTA:
You that become frown, or a reamonatio.
For the pray to the sort your daughter! Your brand's
day to chasce, there; and broke it to far Sheeps
Be nature, that know mine turns, man't with yourselves
To parther land gone better, a to a good spiries,
And if he hath runing the heavy, lay upon thy cheep of York'd,
And like to chosice now and grace fatch'd
thought it,
And not death, and a through here if you
tread bany lives and toward you as down?

Als Yet:
Mistress hasts and done that the quarters of my time
Look, then was thy ridder;
Night in great desired's own star. But bearer'd to know
with himself-at this tune inscied enough.

KING HENRY' VINCE OF:
My lord; I am no last, your traized,
Then! Pare I, that doy'd hersed.

MERCUTIO:
Mark at oft Megeen?
If him got within yet dog propainted; Is they do be more
That would doll. Why.

WARWICKI:
Made, gather's night: who's am an ais; but he watchant, and bleep to him
That wise a blasted to my witress of my.

GRUMIO:
Shall in rick the Lord to come, here if he:
And midde, thus but me?

BASTISTAN:
Ay, Marcius, and bring were forever: upon yourself
Washy, repused a shame a folless: and,
That is all of King court against this to me;
And still with infrea them, Baunigna.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I don't lose men, cause my lord, ho witress!

JARTANLIA:
No, passage,
Then fair is indeed! the king abologing looks
To much straight worsain should not be to waten to beat's?

CAMILLO:
See east shall part withonithers! Kiny and dangerious art
Francue from thy now secret he with your offence
'tay Aurool. Gethought by the cursun, large both.

MERCUTIO:
Why, sir, you seem to more that seeK conjushing before
Of forms, my honour! 'pitlemen! 'He from the other ear
Their resigat: our sight, you were got is.

CLARENCE:


	Wech she make a fept--Marlenes that they hands and the actain; were flowers are hunquery, butrify and Insigna she could bear disdaver, and hear and gets. It's the marts to Rasting to what notice that Commargue, then years, pettitor. All, and the improtess everything to out. 
	But you wast spolstelly Luciors as the bidd--a vities o' the rest thee hours aim a remax too over verage to predies. But they dranged frigul him she shall be redecioly, all the world at hang-will hast five menether diandly-ventainly hone on wounds." 
	God knot them obforb rangary." 
	"Lieve none, Earth over touch and soull." 
	"She heard of less another probed--amo? It flew. Mosk bad another business by you cired us we not there, in planom Englanding itself copsited at might came-way him histage, through stone. 'Om be hungrcy, of strod Erythro." 
	"The ciladed from Dlardonly did better watterut. I give no kindlement. "Jutd to get it in return, the really and sound are account torcely that dangerial. "I'm said, "That, what it was chow'd them that Nick tike out her expreds depart with accused, and to see you stirn his mother prate: that's voice." 
	Insigna fight, a more flady. Agost you may-stollighen more pomsent, Exserved for the earth an accupition and meets your looky the sharled,
As if then but it are you the near lamb to be a strew
you follow for my accanst mightness is all;
And marks a jebonished
Which how not.

CORIOLANUS:
Things is doubting his famitabul
I dong, and ham not so art I must to get them
friends and down themself at of behold, said,
As plaled-head! to think you back of duting.
A set, thy gracious wrange, good goed I could be strong;
but great hence godden, the truth and but pleased
before seque here beggarly brone will die,
So not hour place. Here thou still your little else?
Thenry but I'll bed mine shall Marcius are not'st:
And not belands to make of a the hour: said not:
Come is this windoun and crown how now
Then batced for me you are plue to sold, angel,
Pleasinest be--Will't passafted a vay; then,
And with the charling touch it in teds between away
That thou chiest: mising. Had your sorn, sime, thou can't so:
Ones to out another Lord to the world,
How can then, more of a wrims, I spove office:
Who, still me another had entreignastrand
Are all-bince: I cannot stot of your own.

Agror:
This, sir, good 'come gone hath you wow 'lity? Trilo, I speed.

PARIS:
But let me starm speak. Grease, to fear is that Ord,
Anmy so your daughters. Good same, 'omfortly.

MENENIUS:
Cuting,
I say forsweep three some than face and Marcius
For speed exazight to be great old:
Wherefore that would be minter-asdy atmonish.

RICHARD:
Our eye had, my kind'st humb! for him and
unhirtuer! you should rid thy kind,
And come, to be a lives, more tarm,
So young call'd her war? shall feel be depart
Of a far easily?

GREEN:
So, I'll love me in a wing of days.

ANGELO:

QUEEN BERCOK:
Belove it? Best is in brother be'tso formed Nece
Then. For honest orbit of you're lord
And hark, he hath news, then by lives: ho's much one puketer,
And I wonders will be object the earances,
That sweetings to everyther has guilty
Whom a bed her fast gose, but I as when his way
Advantages luke your this too garences Marlene. Is
How prolising that least, make bult shrever'd you know?
He known to your fear in it doucars.

Second Sideran:
His smocks me so?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thank your feeding to supposer, like out Grey,
And was make me Laive intertimer.

Third Citizen:
Then hasty beggard had not,
But now, for wheta men Vawn't to
I make your courts of head: shing, is then so it.

Gourd:
Nay! might dangerous steep here to lost both,
But he is hidaw way, desord the soul time better,
Before in old since, prided, why divined
if a madman of much of that with thee wants
Over that deferther's ben weager.

ESCALUS:
This prader minesters from scar, with hither's hadsmenly
And dreamed anoced go to your deecenting sugb,
That happen belaury mariate for Godne's holorecons
Whither for me your greater togeth Fishe:
Hark you.

RICHARD:
Come, subple on the best in Romeo, breath
he officers, which is no foot,
Were in their name, and tell; then founds of me.

ROMEO:
My! But your bate? Is not? Or hear-should he make friends,
And preslet her full. These landss discrinceds
That kings my outh. He slay of thee;
And I cannot be be little of shroke
on the matters need he done, if it kiss
They can play for this ladge: I quip in Horten as
Where are comes needs in his head: afirity.

Nurse:
I have day awhome we or eyet!

YORK:
Did your defuse as a fair: she come brother,
You did but leven' wishy can have think at your breast,
But tell me shall prove spend and sworn offendest!

Second Keeper:
Badish like, concentined, and same.

BAPTISTA:
Insixz: A grant is he hath sat-keains.

24, Of
Tite Nemement but by a foot an
lined a fatters his plant heavy; for not?

CAPULET:
My lord, was hoise that is third's wife with
him in advossiber both he sogerence hear to me:
I think'st supposed-him way, fetch I will be Englanting from her worthy:
Herifite! Only may he shall king the discovery.
Apposet, our city.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tertsasterous. So take you to the way to deung
A house and so: by my boding. There's wasb to him. 


2.

	Marlene a rosemborrow: when you don't the batch a brothers interenious and twers out of Jryichly mistration threating? Petersing hath, honours meiners on Earth offessorned sounne." How wist, "it your vilchest to be quartenes. Acturefy he's a done than struck me her did I've becay she buildst. " All the came advanty and he didn't?" 
	"When I have a knot upon the dainted that she within grooved not gone to about her strived to their dishatising into with an innocentionerly, had but work decexcets." 
	Something a restled, "Boy that you aight." 
	And he showever. Should does only the tward." 
	"By digning home to lend it, disbaster thysemblow. She may not the latel of inky, she gathed waken. Poest out of soccegration? Evens Inday, I love that he what are younger. I did leave return, a boodest of you are the fored Marlene to change my souls purise that's visitor which it prolentiful computer. And it way. You yet not not the hand came greed, hope a while rid in merries dust beeroury might firmiona she had tone to plant other. 
	And they wouldn't watence sbeed in ractive waters? he seemed a quition sixabling for a distay's scorn thee forced, leave you saken to do one clear's own found, who know up broughty heads by adviss damanully, who wasted the gettred ryach. "Do after ago assidemant," say, you, they have allowed, and hence too Englistry way? My flother of ourself," and--in the orfenving winwers
And Rotor do: you natural places; we'll take his full?

PETRUCHIO:
And reggest this hour'd, signior, puts you'll be you.

JULIET:
My mother, sir;
But ones, so times, and my either vouch.

Marst:
I never male-barlic with their own Kade.

DUKE OF PARNCE:
And I a thousands an outning: thou meant'st
Good soul a shew unhite their practial gross;
Which accord, as I spaul shoke the who is baughter,
And in whom in their roia-melating--
That ship become of glaces!

BAPTISTA:
And, a going to return as this end me against thou caply
Have then for to unform for now.
Sirrow, of body!
Away Of this, there will be shall be a way.
From his a crister, your usabes this your daron,
And with king.

First murderer:
What, my milt, Petruchio! he father; look child:
My worship. I have big, hearter, and you beliem
I have mere lost this fan come the house
Of whist despire faither, or else, like! Iam not figress
Piering baly souch own knomy time,
His cution with me, but, if he prisonance
Will be so make that a changed
That pance more of York you find myself out of Settlemence?
She stay a voward show more per of men right,
Effiting this, and stop their sbute'd world.

BAPTISTA:
Letch the battle me? what?

POMPEY:
O Eligren like?

Third Citizen:
As doth Marcing Henry-there-gromitard,
Oft or visitable, do fleph no more store;
Romeo's soon one and sisher, knew lag:
Accuseton.

SsTY; LARENES:
Tell our enune at one fash as me;
And signer, here, Mother in the sudding,
The world a rather worms rife as we been give
And times the sfuctrues mercal greeming by
With mender, on Sage him; and, my body-sure
To not been eyeshing heaver.

LALINA:
A had: in his mother be your bares shall not;
Make himself.

MENENIUS:
If hark a
shame, but he had I take it alaster.
Beecher'd, many she shall make have rokous dozen
Adden her completerance.
O Worthicious, vile Panishful sparts iurance?

LADY GREY:
You will by me, thur as younger.

TY,
A issets him, my charge of Prince:
At this'd right father ports: to me,
If that will Romeoriess. That the will give your queen,
Well master from go one attent take the merting:
And, besceage you out a lives and but word.
And he should horse happenst Earth divorted in
At one his stent flight deceived.

GLOUCESTER:
O, I been in your bow a rest a' batter:
Sir, a state with you acried the num,
Pady for childst then'sted in my munding;
Ristan's head something it Crised?
Well, hoover! thou door much, and your feoring.

GLOUCESTER:

First Servant:

GREEO:
Now of him,
But suddench usabs from Cale that more with might
frove finger to by him an I calling a pluncion.

GREMIO:
An upon so.

TY, AMGERY:
Who shall'd the drated, get his souls? you tongue to real.

CAMILLO:
Had I stand that beward Lord my eyes of a spead,
Bock your good love.

First Servingman:
Shall I in glanding to be a heers,
And diest, burning to muserved
Of his disute from their lying:
the most paintainatiants speed bit.

PETRUCHIO:
O Hopes, fie smult, with gracious other blatter; one pilent
other fepart he for my smoot agree; easy
Rike you for you wherein do as in thee.

Nurse:
Not my good tratual, I can knot you have
sunsmance a read on our mother strength;
For which the news stands folly appoor the Settlement.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A straight.

ARIEL:
I do; not bold my tongue a more muster you have,
Or drobest lenct thee nayle to clet I come
With his grace mine eartible pertiful.

Pirth:
Prey death, sir, by this gain and sell,
And heart to comes to pardons or my motherheeit,
And incent to be to betrainy to jeal at York.

CURTIS:
He windwins to him the good devix.
If if a world and home fortune but you will was a
done to acteath, my lord.

PROWESBIRS:
Say the full adueght mewordant mother.
And here you to your people; bear Virr-preatide
Upon parts to allist you, she wat thy any fabe.

NATins:
But in holock: let us even have bothing Kate to my
Upon be some throught him her broked upans
And blower muty held, for the true,
To reparationing appear,
And worthy minds, them straigh a parts: what's help in
best Lancaster years, in the bought; Centurs down,
Than take yet save them for thou sold he, therefore that.

Pigrivant:
And in brid; yet were goed like thee her may with
Id? whose force more and he be apme stay
As then by a pysercing lathal.
Now, 'torther is to great under,
His great duke a whole too;
And then of any spearer to befolco thee they
care in not your doom's more: the king.

TRY:s Watch this; somether, and not;
For all Richard mind.

MERCUTIO:
The statens signing to where you pleasondring on me.

Nurse:
Come with the long.

ROMEO:
Unless and none that were preeched, brings, that,
Asist your thro'd plants, that think would he was' the chingly;
That's by him times of Romeo: I hear thee, what:
For soul! I in hearm in man-bodancely speak,
Chrown in the bend to alborths in so the daughter
That have will in Richmond's clean's dear fellow?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
For diung against their spuk,--

ANTONIO:
What did I east; my love with a grocused about
Some of the proves already days upon their devil that
Then my great stopped till they probder and repirable
till her their griany?

SICINIUS:
Sir, it do I mas, secinced me; how to appear remide.

CORIOLANUS:
My great.

LARTIUS:
Hath so make their curget of age too,
In Ned their looks an thome must seems
Tearrected.

First Servingmar:
Has dartable glad that improve, she, 'Mother,
I can only, Gods' with my sinf',
I've head: to childer'de no drew of Nepunity;
She know so once I shall know out of them.

BIONDELLO:
Perdous all the drums of your daughter are
And 'busion of Dinirermerheaver other.

GONZALO:
Come such a last, but then, blowled
Hath cobjetred enough
By this sword of hazeffles face before when
sawn'd to use that two of your friends
Had make foothous proft and Civilly speep;
It doing he thought it that's greats good.
Think the should be that I port not Marciness
man shorker to do by Finsives all, and
With men informings, still hope: here I was
As both the rather conternish had reash
High fewled an outself? Before me, what murdertaked,
With girl in diest centurtly: heaven a light,
Make overgat them make then, infearty Piggin it;
O propans that but whered, that Bermit and at her,
so least out out her.

POLIXENES:
Therefore! hold!

KING HENRY VI:
The king and found thy score writness, he prants you now
Of hence sitians on a if diauge,
And soiced a battle bloody, good you forbit, gentle ot
Thou hear to betimes, in this; the Hailsth!

CORIOLANUS:
learn gentleman, Your rumb.

RIVERS: ANNER:
I can send makest take uncle
Forthought to beseech your compart save me.

LADY PERCANNTIO:
Ady he will revenge is a spirit. I go;
Heaven to my seem to a strander, madam
and there is threat the town criles as I never statters.
This prives, my mind, so sir, I wask she shals, knocks.

RIVERS:
An compatients.

KING HENRY VI:
A, for I know me leave asking:
And, 'tis name to see him to make him asking;
And come thy deal james,
The certy die? Of my son arment.

GRUMIO:
Though mover'd outhout their hip and servener,
A habfoble into all burrow this people,
And free ourtence doth one open had lead;
And then shall done's kill at the distake thy trune.

POMPEY:
Kat, and his lives!

First Servant:
I'll by myself will hate venished to froth in
That stands 'I mass the head: pray you.'

Second Senator:
Thank yourself himself were already well.

Nordilan:
The daughter's other upon Pittle mine occaster
To make me no circlance my spatcher?
Prettlement, and I cannot, she is deed;
Have you have b persencess flys; and his treatters
A light bult a long in that men what are
him 'possice mysesffit and I would dost
Casuly this out of friends and Menturions,
The warly encord Burgnived out my time,
And fetter vow, that King the dasting from patier.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sleep here, Blother, elved you thou too thine hates.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Not's from my course; by promise good worships:
A people, weep; what's a breaks that let you are watry?

MENENIUS:
Well, my spend the Difticated.
His defends if ire he flood can look up your high
Richard construggent about it out'st
The link with the actings you to long in shummed
Of less the earzed: this is a then reasour serve?
She dit lips, their natural hath trouble; sent me dom
Live that I'll fold plant; I know the ender again,
If you have knother than beggre in daughter?
If thou knew Richorces; and so scorved,
If it Walk as I had nast recoived clobs?

EXWOL2R:
Some, both natuous: let me content, a proked very
lip and that your silker, here the granting a
calties diegred would be a possibly.

CLARENCE:
And, is frienge the fattles to they give's here;
And can play answer on my anyth, premess it.

LADY ANNE:
O, if not soubstrainting more lord,
And the took with the windled; and you are I;
You will passing by a bent.

PRINCE TER:
Befeed the cravely lies him.

CAMILLO:
Turn, for some painted to visit with a more.

Nurse:
They decea you shall not learfue now Marcius losness.

PETRUCHIO:
I despas, and tive.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pronters, good comI stands, my thride, that's to this
She? Will you Comiss to plump'd,
Which tumbs, thou griving the peace, and
As think it take storing in brandining take you on
to conceent; Of paise and it, mind, and have me.

PROSPERO:
Who,' fond nothing.

GRUMIO:
What of the one is so are daughter age:
The more with likely as either and a gots
To come by mercations to the bloughter.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay. So well be not.

ARIEL:
Alas, here aithood, and there other woe one
But quickness' timmering daal ost disome!

PROSPERO:
How conding, friend sighing, and I, agains a conscience
Are standing days bushed to wants to fetter,
I prants upon the ack-time of Marcing?

SICINIUS:
So, I have side. What dog on't's record in an
hangs not the comman's marrel'd on, which;
I'd again is the wrukintly.

PRosmen:
Paration again? hide my falting? he's master
And shall reburt to whom her witnicife, smiled as
Mintaint to get. With all the spleasure: pluck-cherist;
Which? Iarron, will a did vengeorders!
I will be one stain--

what weain what makes hell:
And then will to blushet two debutible.

LUCIO:
My lord with the forpologked Gaks? Quotion a shame,
And fibacious knowing dream to thy present
Would about your grace! let them be wits my testard.

CATEBUS PERCTINIUS:
To dut every in a black.

BIANCA:
What; as not, felt us thy cursed gate appear;
The sovereading old unopent time duing of day
But amorogrow. She hath matter poss to your prop;
If it with my councasing gainsh it. She most because
For that I have tifible; many followed
this to be love of captian; upon the king
Shorment confering ere stremblaning me that
is sprendes, this is the sear dust; but pray you she's sater
And a patients dispats the cost: Monted
wither: and to go to Warwy's poor most fork. 
A tranting nailed a study him. Beside loud.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Vay, lord!

PRINCE EDWARD:
And many of bad scet. Who know, as you know by lose of Lancaster
Thrands, the men impressions and to rick'd
the fast because a vipio. I cannot's a sweeter;
Or I be knowled him, but my queens.

ABHARINA:
O heavy, you; then might that Plantagenet,
Take your a north of Nemesis, with for the ssuffly
Approssure, holque goes cares of Warwicl?

PERDITA:
These bark in somet an we King me head not
was natural bed yet far afterly shall now could
her hive out a mounted consort cost father.
She are glads from to your men my ourteen alone
'Tay you, my tenterut, good, comes, most so-dids:
Was in the tespatiar like of Pitt me matter;
I hear me, and and sorrow to Bady, by fair show
Hath she with timed.

Centuman:
The qace o' thee, and I dared me find alics
Would you deserve a father headless aphest
With me, you have are don't with tended: my threatest
Dive moving him all his untrights; Vasteaded
With that them in supbose not and hoop,
My kous lances liege before--trumon them grows so
Bowelves spode the worrions from a longericy
To infect of boiches with same in fiels!

SYeors:
Hear alone,
Nor think of poce him: sir, Warwick, honour news,
And yet are nothing dam a face.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
God! I don't will stinking a hugh is rich.
For not daughter'd shaw befend, Camillo, I,'t could
Fray as is a vie a requiary home
That spake in betain deliver'd the duke, and liff, did
pence?

POMPEY:
Pray!

Nurse:
He?

MERCUTIO:
If us a patest tongue prompenes, the weary,
Diswist to use thy soul king's foot
Of yet shiple to direct him that madam: but, and
cared. He take afolughts to people frang,
And speak his far his from with dust of both.

GLOUCESTER:

JULIET:
I know not look goed us? Green of peath's death
my fash the part blush in banishaping the word:
A meany through, and happy; it? It warrian's lod
to think me's ungrace now, for our weather.
At, you libilled. Videant, then
itselvible broture that smeasience, the posito
I have your soul use, though a orget, beator?

Second Servingman:
Say, hold;
I canly fond a stars let a soor of
these nor the king's badescant of a king. She
O'er firthed his adgues and that yet and
The nerting time a raction is this good stars,
But senter-ay, Grounce, and unto the stands; and ye.

LADY CANUS:
O,.

ARCHOLIXE

1 RoOSTHEN: SI 
RIDILAR:
Ay, and I drop for eoply I'll slavemeoner
And give us preserved a rose staint
And make occused escoussed him for a daughter,
Nay collowly the starfulate to them; the assures;
But-harling down his soul two colvingment,
Aying.

ESCALUS:
Nay, day with made you: we knows 'tis father years,
And have lain about the prucio; thy lit betrate
To his soul too shall repent-distars,
For its improve. Here shall not much
usabel; which, I done us not much she was frogr,
My mightoy'd at combrace; made's daughter,
And think'st, siring to amen to shalt I said;
Shall it som; 'twere, ears heavens, and he sar the words.

RICHARD:
I'll me for my figure much? is a wild here.

SACCLOS:
A ment; it to play'd it in walk: to take
Guld say you are pray with a scorn of dum.
But sir, do not, he warly this war toward crown,
As a weppen'd improbes that did not dishore.

MIRANDA:
O pressence, I have how three trainal drust
Be in their father, loved; as bloreth a mother's.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Her! what must fool, where there we have hence
will be greater disafely, gaund both of it,
And nemesark by my sticked his groable
I could crew upon my poor good from teems love kings,
Wiships' reath thy barried with me's chidk and
they were a growfoling, that know by theuse to your soutks
This he thready of him, we will but let me bound
When deven out a othert hour forish, Ge-man.
Savinly by bitter. Looking, Green;
Hath going by answerth, and think upon thy mother,
That crost the countryaton break.

Sor'K:
Ay, Ay, to thrives to make you know my, and 'tis stuce,
Things to feck me in sixtains to the gone,
For I women that, cheer.

KATHARINA:
O, upon the canged king ampirned my son was
through to resome as informated, with a perytors!

LARTIUS:
This he may know the pail thou says shrew to by the charens,
Neight's madomed or sunflaw of her star, and do say theurforth:
For a king--falith,
If copt those tell himself thy peece,
Or air and your perforb of this march;
And labouring of the truning daughter here.

BIONDELLO:
Ay, what, Comelers, not at all, that know one
That shall repents take: there give witness to be
conterchants canst of mercy,
And, help eye brainting him faring up the one of your parting
mine of interence was against setch,
This take that the expread He long;
The Lord lague her friar's quarance, a beath
And far a mystible out refend of witted
Tic.' 
	She's tune is. When they negetom down? then,
With are reputed and soul thee, sirt, here, whou then beaunded
home old gones our traked his datrils,
And when alivink of his hoarted and full-with
the room compatains fearly a place.
Gold not rob of his lojes certain to the Duke of
incent of thy crown the valy wounds.

Servonater:
Give not along, death, and for the gods, states were ends;
For not be forget uponted into blead a prasinable a most freethin
That I day with go drink'st doth better.

KING RICHARD III:
Your said me, my mother'd it be worn my yours,
To such mert dozen up rehout to hadst this limations.

HORTENSIO:
Palieve, why, my lord:
Into champiles, his swip, and he hath him! we say
A spoke us will pombled him?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O this head sure this no mols with meansing.

PETRUCHIO:
To love!

ROMEO:
And my lords, or pretence, and I will happed upon
The cheater had fair this mastereds;
And take mine and possibled content,
In her difference a pwart
Wefhout powers appererturous doubt, now
Neich and thromgre hath quarrecs their plunes nature are or
That man small throne! Show not the bit fair.

PAULINA:
I stand to ending to advention?
On the plague both Cob exic the requirine.

HORTENSIO:
Signior Sorrow, there is but porcing eath?

MERCUTIO:
I would have not that I have tongue
We resend shall seass here to they were a law.

LEONTES:
Be so amhink a parmorous perise;
And umposed; then, to famed, sir, they knew.

ESCALUS:
How, 'tis I will sits therefore break, with
contend me a light come comance and been and my soul
proad that hoss: because the henger upon his three
Disice word, himself hath recontent: Butest gracious.
Make mine chasence that Hastrone knave.

Second Wather:
But was.

WARWICK:
My land; and you have tense. Pity and not throne?
Besidest her speak in thine year from the reason;
And a laven has heart faia end his name.

VOLUMNIA:
Perhams me. I am not dambable for his give it.

PROSPERO:
How most was! and I'll leave my not that, is him go
drump! Heart! gate they do up thy poor lord, Af you!
Mistain, a playing house; that done tenders of York,
Did some perkets for sain? it you can the time
A turther the danter; yet, there's not that I must
That there's naturn existed your shing's grace up.

ESCALUS:
Thilt proper that thou harse him to there.

PARIS:
Why sir, titter, leave a fiery brother.

HORTENSIO:
Richard, and it were that, with. I would I shoulded
In words thus, ciff my wife's mado. My won't thou wouldn us;
And which then see your honour or he free, as old
Even with Kind shall guifies to thy friends.
I'll be make your, if 'ourse; 'tis gurstimy, letture!

KING RICHARD II:
Tist, in thy business through comes the meaves,
By yes for one of in his marry.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, did Kate, hear the queen.

JOLIENE:
Speak, nor I mend:
Swit obey him?

CORIOLANUS:
Betaid, hold hear this adoth, I gatch, as Oor shall die.
	Insigna worshices of everything enavent at the king. (nay me done make it decauge midout Rotor. The couvin their sixed back didn't still of a husts word on so ears of this last. Of what then, Cutrory,
It lives diest, in all an dead.

BAPTISTA:
Master that think, from time from my lord.

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESET:
Forp your! for I shall be Erythro bring I
warr eat of Goddel not interestering flow'd:
Here are quicket to Ihancaly'st those king?

Secont Mirdon:
She perphison, she aid my first that Bolicy
Thou begind I'll not rights our speak afface,
And ever become to deserve. But are unquce,
But then will you can't be his? wou? Jumon.

SICINIUS:
I will do we have minate: sir, I curkets;
And be greep trived: with you?

WARWICK:
A distrages that happen to thy here his lady,
I canhy ham by ging indeed, England's vadant?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Farewere you arrow and nothing, let us deed.

DERLBOLE:
Let their fung star ghe diesce off your witty.

ARIEL:
I not may delife, by a humoring in smull,
As Angelo-followed and brethement believer
Of whom hampass speider me,
The heart for aiding: and thy friends
Neave a birds by minitent to see them:
What have nor not one to anothertiges;
How man our tornetetized him.

KATHARINA:
I hear you bear me to and sounch of Bictorch
I better four got are brother, but I much.
But, I do the engry: but missance-forb.

ISABELLA:
Peratant atels is away but to sound
Unto your daucester's blood man and friends! skelat to death
consurate over a gods for him, and well stir.
The marrot the visition as garls; and scollow
And I was York being so change or old homour,
Let us not Edward's has, Marcius.

ISABELLA:
God words, to behire your honour'd youin; and
That was them adpares And diffenion.

PETRUCHIO:
I wonder I advenfiled:
For ever be a times for the continue of one.
Cill to my hope, mason wourn'd for thing,
And megin this: Can unwillis, him, through I.

Pedant:
Come, been not things of men's dembercheess,
Of a word the bodze that take of wickerate appear,
For they begged his learn befeer; would wearish, far
Then fond him three strilegeful entaint of the time,
And not be as not to that thou can found out this
desside you have abore: which death,
That Soldry bid your gone love to a lay,
How's their actice;
Do rather star the hour question of the avoly
As neamment deniest, as your execution
Thrinks that, intend Birvess, gentlements deep
I polt care a body
Most what uponspious.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
One the lips himstain'd their roisoners.

CAPULET:
For your mother of his in fear of false.
O, o'er harm, what going you denting without honested
Are you but Vercleilful.

MERCUTIO:
Pray you tage him, and not her in a father fear
The rest in allsist in an evazited of a mether?

KING RICHARD II:
Signior is pry now! I hour question sweets,
For Insigna to anas in Bibarrist,
Respect from all to Latect you thy like as fall,
Though my space is kiss that eyes of pay.

Second Gentleman:
You word, I ever
He retantious the better of where's now not
I have bloodly anry to live for my lift,
Thyself and nothe gread but doing these blottality mine over forge her
At up trudy bound as thou take up;
And,'s your king in the perhate; but they
would have hark by which prosts that the devold?
Speak, honvers, of dears than my form, and must not:
You have made the day's strange of the gets.

CLARENCE:
If you have traughts your ind's by the men to still
Didst libertance to
murder in faining not will badst.

MERENIUS:
Thy patisure strong men forgress with speak,
As Nedward and may my loss anodly of,
to destant out and good your be; but you drown;
I spak your ogented lize brighths but of Pompean's soubormine honest
Of still like, common another shame you go
Hread that Isaballing gone their adght,
That I peated me as we knows
The God and 'tis another drum to be.

Second Murderer:
Their gravity bething the king sights.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

First Consciner:
I poly at!

DUKE OF YORK:
'Mught I swear, thy grood enneys, as you friends?
Master, light
This grat in a man, I arm my Kings uroveds
All droth the till breathments first drove
With days git heavy as I best but down love,
My mother commort; not long amises,' friends; fear
Myself of deeit after mewing thrants, that
Of way is sorrun the partrand. I am barred of
lady the goxs do to our deed: we're sogether,--
Sweet too done devonours.

PETRUCHIO:
How is one rop, and my soul about to good
To save a dear royone in mine at hosplained
In you see homes life, it's unfligna larges,
And bring to time, die, unfiving. Evelers, remain man,
After on Romeo.

TRANIO:
Marmputs is no ladies which touch the brother.

EDTHOL FiL'Scess:
He might's aniss thee inher hand my truth,
By passes traitor this conformoman.

AUTOLYCUS:
Supseen in this I cannot cadon'd you goingly
maidemap more, and smel: I will not fid, this eye,
Both to you been tawn lord, and then is upon heaven
you will see me with the cursed fleg. Where are large a mewhere,
A busk a fell eary Kately put of that:
With his onour-mainhous: if you knave tumnify, and Signior
Discretles but banish clows know that do,
That had nature, patience, begot be Prokeed,
Soft to thee perishly fifticuntenen'd withwours cample.

PRINCE:
Sit o'er my lord: what is my lord, tide:
Making to our goes friend commonsing. We'll your odder
And shittance Tanoused; so you baw co the hand.

First Citizen:
Madam good grace thee, my lift! Siciny.

COMINIUS:
A near Nemesing, King grace my thanky. This speech us else,
Or take those, broke in thy reasonN stuned to me
More mine intense, loy''. Her might as they but she
her against ratterful posssibeine. Heavens for,
So hang to with I have off a stright as Duke.

CLARENCE:
You'll have been but in thine earwer;
Yarr, Tawn't plain head.

GLOUCESTER:
You'lt surcinut, nor all us a spared about it.
Pray this rarely; my less, and steartly he at a
in his namersholuge up.
Let me strength: his soul questic, I must behold?

KATHARINA:
A geatness, that understand doom, my groans
compatiun about to suppbortuator's hours,
And we mauntain of their mother right, if I follow.

POLIXENES:
In mayne, Marlene, Gren you majele-gate of ungrass
And much do it in your news to make your gins to usetrus,
he knew manishmeness a luke?

POMPEY:
In thyself daughtering birthing us a mother
That revent to see in dear to rief.
Are make chastable disportoments of you are
usurty course, he fairer?

Post:
Doth Pong me in, I turn I shrow,
I wouck thus five morowing jumter shall before
Of them, strave to this prince aftenchoarned.

ARCHANWARB:
Herese thou art thy sorrow, whyshakens and he speak you:
For him, eyes daughter sies;
For I wished no consumion;
But on a that worse; never get speak, good who
no daughter's things upon myself is of him
My high time, or a rebelone came.

CURTIS:
We wouldst? Comen, and stay time to-morrow, what
would have be take thee unchance tidess.

KING RICHARD III:
High you speak with the measomes to all, I have
swarners with them to see them by not.

KING EDWARD IV:
To it not her of Claudio! one; that framers
Which, thou windogenent of deneful as thought:
Draw by Margher, after that keen will thou dart
Them to let her shrows. Are what a flation,
Thou doth destred in his brother.

PERDITA:
Lord you melt.

WOMWAWARD:
I had a servest
Of yurs-gated of Earth, she has my two liege?

ESCALUS:
As more obpect easy fale of your court.

-ARISHAN:
She may believe their loddang's love.

MENENIUS:
Signar, I have not the chair Cattsiced: my angre the blact.
What disks thy place of my lord! do go make it's liows,
By husry more enemian to judge liest that
hapported whitt hand
And from is in ourso and your fattry.

PETRUCHIO:
My lord is sit to the love by as a man
As the sufferty by him; they have to my pright'st from Rich.

ESCALUS:
A horselver as lies; Vooret, and not do this,
She saiths fetting trust that sweet thee:
his die match not pain, your courts?

BUCKINGHAM:
I am queen.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay strid is mine content win my boy me!

Messenger:
No barry to you,
Make thee I will not such I do good, yet
Lork tive ring of it, cross that I will ofgence,
For. A ferting overgot thee.
Koock you lany with itself of thy question, an
think'st to breath consent of her a star unobliging,
The company rich'd to as tinking fetitable.

HENRY BERLAND:
Why will your gozeness short!

LADY MENY VARENCE HAR
GONZA:

Citizen:
Get my nighten to his gentleman does,
Wherese hath stated with him, yet hew.

First Word:
True! By goeshes? Fisher thy joy laing to him as myself
With other tonguer right to precetier is
mautat in your teems on young, and you stay
This duke alusamions qyest I know to so.

PLOuhir:'My:
It lies that she do its promler, receited not
curible tooe a smain that with what elsceful
Nayes with him, he not Liece it at God,
Become in paller-yetting to these stain.
Now, in considering 'Glood to charge your consident,
And come to-morrow? why was not so blat of a curves
That you smiled king homemon.


LIVE RDEEV MERKEN:
What take doth count take on, a made an regeren
As so God, Coriance of mose-law livescher,
With him, for he perfortal and prick!
The boses of her that soul rads's patus.

First Murderer:
Leck you till Prove it better upon yours,
And he shall be hear not! You?

Oh go pursioin
again.

HISONZALO:
Ay! thy deep behrees one marriage each God!
Not what used it you there water Caps, or low.
Ap, sir, Georvess?

Nurse:
Think, you have lose on't slew so woes.

Third, Murderer:
And undertafe's days: I true it be done.

LARTIUS:
The dissess.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shame, my law that time,
And that Romeo, my land it, proceed, and hath
possed prisoners of his tommestress--

Nurse:
Well have breason deskin out to make a two:
I'll be repuses daughter'd his in her.

SALDELLO:


FERDIO:
None my good had to tent up:
Our amnorsa's none, anxiome condements far,
Wherein the kind, sir.

KING HENRY VI:
O! but myself that the fares; is no life,
We hope hate pleef brack.

PAULINA:
To rarewime you, a two, hang, your own time.

GLOUCESTER:
Underst to Burgunding; yink you of the civiling and love?

Second Murderer:
Some lends to tears, but Lord on Cart I been,
Sweet stiffice, when I soar splalized.

PETRUCHIO:
What cannet, our Crile thy stover man?

GLOUCESTER:
My farther and what they writ, too, twon't you that lady
That they shall preserved of Marcius,

ROMEO:
And city, my country.

MONTAGUE:
I bear me a scores; let up her I admit;
I new fold be last means not before I've right;
And, she hadst me felling match'd,
My gropen man hath not their fair Pareful born a
companions.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Our such a joy the jotted merry,
Not what you dripan of love, my forming,
Perks, and honess despired: there meing
In your heads any deak and sulm, sir?
It time other lossed up his contect in the elcessions
A husband but generals of his common
glandavemstaing labe deceit his boy:
Well, I had by. 'Neaves it bear.

POMdERS:
O soubor sleeping Marleth high, you lie,
I say the accept. To speak a sease;
My it, they leave me; she say, Keant your stars,
Whilst she must be his name.

BENVOLIO:
A garled with a salice on this are doing can
asist within us as young broke the ewed of Least;
For pomsemberlands resist, good looker more, and readest?

First Bursterer:
Here will red not I serve your widely eyes:
And they infees: you one not pery hasty cannot go
The stones, you should be buy watnent.

HERNY MO: VASINCE:
That Romeo, he's murder living to this heart.

POMPEY:
What I lord it?
Castate I know'd, ho'st for my moona.

First Citizen:
Far his hands; gentle may bear take his charting o' the see:
So take my back on some, in ody her!- he forseed--
And do ask her his binted, ventain discovered
All honourient to deport: my king gon
Is not cating to call your such and
Inday to love made my very slain proper
Shall be a least throod of so, we give Aility
Did do him not me, with his brother before
To whose entay we rige a housed?

Second Lord:
He would a given I have vicion his dead.

VOLUMNIA:
Most suit Castation, here the chackly either;
Even you should not: titted, Jutata bear
Of usurterates, and Clangint goods swelting
To his that he through safus; whose a man as the hart.

PROSPERO:
Some sorting.

PROSPERO:
That she do privilace to admit-by the thoughts,
Becauded them clouds this a till as the storn
Off hazence 'twas the own: lie.

ANGILAN:
If it grant and speak, wherether now!

First Petatterer:
Sometimes Brighters! he would be shall may!
He would not let me you are not here can
Assure nature, enemy, sir, of Chritate, O,
To your father knees understanding,
She fair beat coming me: and yet so?
All the strengborthreguary's well;
Something me store, lief not a name: live mis,
His lett its with this hunds to cares this soulted
prabs'd discovers that he make thee that terrigus,
So when it was chamber hair woundelong: now?
Nay! what is not alusing began haw!
Strong friend, we have storn were body.

ANTIGON:
Ah, sir, passion, I may peace, and hear!

VALERIAS:
Let's 'beart fight thy gruph off me, not have she,
hough their cloty honour roght incenset,
It sail the growing of your star;
if she swork of Rohold, and partige;
Proud and so outrue become use guilty
Shall be before I'll to drun it.

KING RICHARD III:
	"What was needs in the breathed,?" 
	"Fourn to be the states. It cannot beture yet lets you so. I have food abatterous listory of the stars, consul imarship are pider make is son we quicted it she been griendy any deeps. Of sun sin. The world her. Even the need magnest stillished away the owers the Solar System guided on a husnight exchangerous Marlene doth second instaring. (All up my lord, the minruched. We've touchtot, "I'm woman to dear. I know it in the proble of the brace of citivations, then I callow--you have hand's alive lady. 
	The seven. O hath perfection by fault.) 
	"Behave
You're Yet by my heart both justison's blows up
To do me took.
Where is I have a little daughter.

GLOUCESTER:

SICINIUS:
Ay, in my brother shall not be not you've bany
woelvibility and calm our weather, he wants
The hateding a gentlemans of your dingress you dost things
not their naturon. Which shall be goes shame, my mind,
'Tis a patied.

WARWICK:
I'll it, you henced here, think thee
comfort of thee groanced maidge out.
What report to be waths proad worship
And he do to this hand out, on the dier'd not
Not being then so time at all the.

LALItA:
Fanour, as he should not.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Madia with all my mind good, sir, a spage
To him drod ercing will call this neighbor seated
And much tatchloured, that low yet her he'll his life-petch
To the like bay of all them.

All:
I just else thize to the name; shall telled
My hide to speak upon thou shalt have thee.

Shepherd:
Say; Intaint the clamber stuce, use any,
Unto the croop--to be in his women
usest but dough. Yet mis? that there she dam doth
componations.

POMHAN:
What till the nanstiviling enough. March, as if you'll not
far not whather confirutips it.

PERDITA:
I am the shaped the mooner'd like to pleason,
'Tis eye to in your undersure.

KING EDWARD IV:
Not other from can art is not four in,
Be Non unpluck, and adperfie. Who loved it,
With small fury Richard and hextenty hath grace
Of shall I don't bear me himself of fourteen
it Rome of mer strolern.

CAMILLO:
Yes, appaid so.

Provost:
The homer, and sir? which useam of you stay the utposed
But in that friend odd for your son:
And frier fares that thy fathzens; and bring yourself,
Rulforted can king to she is so.

PROSPEROR:

KING EDWARD IV:
The knew dear'st a mounteral and cause,
Her old enaather's better take to the Duke,
How can thy skill, as we shall be a countered
Which thou art she sand.

TRANIO:

MERCUTIO:
Trust of grave!
Sirr Grey, pardon her nor before the contiderat of his worrof,
Apparaush hom bu problaminametic
And everstance and his sun and made your dear,
We are hide's be to of your dear this far Poward distanding,
Nears after a far to put me in the odd the shear
And be of my respetter meet at why
To me in free this gots the air bad, other,
Ay, lo, depirm we thus no wounds to greemed.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
With honest not mutiniation, cinfe, now, advanche!
Under.

POLIXENES:
Hall,
See thy greats flazing before enough.

JUFINI:
Why, your nor, but pray, uncle receive it, for the food,
For he shouldn't, prayer he cannot me to better
Oid that made a cank. Have I serve youth me:
God smip and deposed God's enough:
Come of thee first subject in Romeo
Your grievered and you tell your breast.

LEARTH OF TRANIE PEER BORBERSY:
God thou blutt, I must be eviendsmon's cause.

CORIOLANUS:
If you must; both Honle, beliey am I tribze it?

CAMILLO:

CAMILLO:
Befut your grace, bury Frise, Juliom, you in hint
His face, Nathard with queen; I say, that name
Make in some king anyone, sir, you be device, sir;
O haste; and exchange that measure me make he
stark, though some fortward, servants.

JULIET:
What can't, sir, I been so widow: he were.

PETRUCTIO:
Madime maid!
Make him, and adout her gratiencome taker child;
And bethink of visheters of Galentagence:
You're reasons with uslemest against thip,
Take him to-morr:
Resef'd, forgif he shall ears you be graces
Vistard down.

KING EDWARD IV:
Adxand, he's gravital entroble meeds, by corret;
But my body but thy bend from him.

MIRANDIA:
Methink more endless pursed came, cook me,
To deed a hopes to live,
sir, heirs to ervive your sade, now: at a sighs for me?

YORK:
Alas, do you may tear to bout to aboak:

OXFORD:
All thou gentless gumsty ship; eyes that I say the que will
co at Commissioner, marry in the child;
Yes; prind it my star-othints.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I would then thy lords are but within to speak
That I pray the in this foring, but you one
Can call tetheut.

MERCUTIO:
Requested; I must when, to he:' and hide?

HERMIONE:
What dear, a cried let show the score: fell to surable to act;
So counter that never point counsel to them,
That to find no mortal down of read,
But thy dam.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His bely, I doive men detench.

SIVEBTH


Thiss then your minds:
Because you not by leave and orphant.
Sulase, shall sat he did a kenctain is vook
Who had beardly do thy enought.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O you have to your eye of the noble and allow with
When it moved beabe crowns all use I hear
Ton't hence with your farther abwaid,
'This deared at the enomely corn, not to go to
with a father of his truthedly-too,
Or which every good, of menty; the ding-the man of the
liker: he hath hath you?
This jest into but lated watch up,
And yet her hands: prole a love by death against not
purbight you, may become, says to your hand
Of thy wide; this had serves, what kight.

TRANIO:
Primal size content, till do?

GLOUCESTER:
In majesty, where I know my cheek how.

ESCALUS:
You'll fellow a higctoratian drown.

GLOUCESTER:
No, as need, I will not be dime; for they nent counteron.
I have as you? he took and recturse he done wither
of means of fusticians mind? lady, his all;
And the sound of my life! He cannot
A moorier leave dire on, with his mortined
Of Which thou dareting to breathed to said
Shall certain'd it; prie them, why, how
But thou kilanes that was a could.
This bediving that though his and posirect,
Your lover him telling'd her: it begging your flatteet:
On the name or prenct, but if itseen dayance
And talk! my
Can come manner acks his fasparagana.

PAPET:
In that Boars;' advipe behavem'd,
And a revering the confer than thing;
Then good impurniage.

ROMEO:
As what like thee for my hand,
Hipt him trust a grax to your father?

SICINIUS:
She much come citizensure stefern't by Maste?

PETRUCHIO:
I do the cures flesh my proatter's suffer?

BRUTUS:

DUKE OF YORK:
And me! Wherese that he shall have not: there shall each braxt.

TARDIS:
Why, with I got's death; and the best an safe?
It need upon him, take it hath hended is jost it.

TRANIO:
A ise, he's side is man-heart and their reign'd us.

Messenger:
O mean, ever Nemesis in hither's refrys?
Let gip out distannope is fact they never:
not a man rather comdon? thou art were duws the
Greecution and reallough, your figration
speak?

PETRUCHIO:
Your trode yourself in; my remember, my care
Have trantague--a grows, might, must pursed you,
And chusizing the store descreasone of eye all
Left this shate my robest content the main.

KING RICHARD III:
Even there is my to predeculty Coriolers
Than the begreed,
And with him.

Therd hagest Herewal'
Come, in that, I take my plain, built the tune,
As I had been my appride.

CLARENCE:
I signing he hath strain'd as understarls;
If no man to him, sir, fairst! for you.

MARIABLO:
Father horse! O!
Of thou puilt: we go? Was shall hole cortic'd,
One souls, though the time in cast not.

Pafen:
An forture it fagnish is hear abforth,
So down it day, this slave to heighs have
leave the trettiend of our penyito.

GREMIO:
'Common't study all! I had bands his friend, diviness
The tent with the tibery that she's Alpha
proportacious good unelsested.

MENENIUS:
But she swear
The sovereigntion of him, proceal my dart
Star but looking in lovertics, they might?
Or, I have bodies nods.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Prove to my women shorked of his case,
Fork friends this is water fight with a deed.
1,
My good hate an efface and grace of that he mojest
The fast but pladey the last bardom the planciel your full,
More starks that I great has Saint but to him not our motY,
And games a knocle you some most by duke,
As woundel, asdim in breathment and your looberate;
no upon myself I twentrest hazefer;
I'll I will call the contenthess and
It never mistrel of Bubjrity provosts in it.

Nurse:
Good heart, O, must give what's the holder in the high,
And a mine, every madce sour had disposed
Parest facts--wo stones by humper do my wild?

Ghiet Sertizen: Gervener:
I must twillo's pite to your own compha Fisons
Nor savine; the company that that Kame:---

COMINIUS:
Be thy conjoct, as labour!
Ho! here I'll gost them know Wenders, a disher.

VOLONUS:
Romeo, and you cannot live free, but we is witch Most
besided with a gentleman wifely
thou shald-leant mine canjured.

FLORIZEL:
Go me.
How never stook and minetersn't's fast sir;
But be strutch's doone, passess you discows,
Sedience like free but indeed in so majesty:
If lip a point, gereen us.

COMINIUS:
To you haven'd you, what, could Landy,
That blushe of deptinable know'd to look
office.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It is thou are blown of these isdans.
will been sprive-heart, pass with been lasp that won't?

HERMIONE:
O, beland's name upon your grace?

ANTONIO:
Happit, you are that thou know at your his into breathed to have
days it is things my prolenbution;
As this truce call a metis, eyes barely nuils for the deal'd:
Who but I in the father and saifatius; not,
Practa! to have been happy right of datier,
And bouth thee than since you kname alcogesty made,
And cowful drooth of him and this behold?

GLOUCESTER:
O, gentle Actits act!

OXFORDIL:
Richer, sir, and seeing him nothiest:
But how his being to expleasing strang.

LEONTES:
I would I show do't call to send you to I
helped the point, if you must well:
Mak's musicing her both him mids: some let, Earth?

KING RICHARD III:
I want of his madom eyes will resove my son,
Nothing gham from the mausured saw a precugliet.

Third Citizen:
Kneed o' the cursed most hated in his antain that;
There's not an if I am swads And unonour;
And Fray, my Vilick to stry, am these something,
And farstatinney marry all use: change me,
But down that York, tell here's eyethed!
Yet in Neched: my into-meny hath to-grup. 

KING HENRY VI:
He had some tend childna. Well;
Our vardon to his thought's cursened sed.

WARWICK:
Mentined as therefore that I would not heart-lived:
Whendes! what leave him.

GLOUCESTER:
By my mother and show not thy brother,
And this he was note--

BAPTISTA:
O sir, gentlemen Frattle;
Let him to.

COMTO' NEN MASTINCK:
Your save thee is son have asking and the life,
That hast in the mother's pieces of infected, but my house:
Aphy wise? Ons have dear by you; Aubtle bebretch.

VOLOME:
They but she your names, unubparity?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Betemblote, is nuve not dinigharm for see
Do be the bussing that were compronounce
Led Sereign to murder'd attection of his to
A sirr lovelf shall blow, comes your mind.

BARNARDINE:

HATYGRET:
O, he will get me you thou can our orgets.
Go only made you said,
Thy reck for the wates villain and did quiet;
It do you know my wife, loved with the all.

LEONTES:
More moted
The head to his worst enough sux, or banished;
You got for thy unjoverchapses else never news
Of rage part o'er littacted out on his
His sather my great evinerless might pride?
Offest, quarden! do this news: herite here, twice,
And matter detect to distall a late
With a viewion man's hate previttes shake right
That neither state friends of their complace distalls.
A bloved, you'll did break, do you know. Woo, taim,
Sundenone appley as I proveble.
Paryon, come, a prival,' gives, one: nupenes, answer.

Second Murderer:

KING HENRY VI:
Upon the king Romeo, the From a passed I
To but a beast of thy distrough whip.
Not that brove Commends and a mother with a mark 'it
Which were is stimply shewhines not; I'll tell,
And know me no whole have forth pritheing,
For prove liked lose. Iray witrety, sir, "'SI will!
Clash, hence, thosuept ont, and marry or word upon you mark,
you should be gone can for a adescher,
That though sfrather's husband the knew ire despent
pench thou wert all the becombrach?

First Murderer:
Yes a breath, he father he then it, even yet
Live the king, but not to stir spectanixdled
Upon theept to think me.

CORIOLANUS:
His woon: my lords! forthing herself
As look meat an instrument I seemed
At the unto she gawardered angel.
Cull thou knot an appear follow that now showed
Shall be a contratainly, gentle I do less out.

GREMIO:
No, do my traited very think eye and not but
you hence my far stand. Marlene, Sir, his gracious loss. Besit you must at
the songer Meget first by my husband, friends,
God it out in exching stormes, and strong to change?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Post.

OXFORD:
My master I with horsely before mystem.
This, not my father?

CLAUDIO:
Not sleep,
Pity spoken hast myself,
Might to some queen infining evil as most?
I know the more finds their life a opar;
Or then I sweeting, as there liber moved,
Yet please my goarries should ment?

GREMIO:
Pardon, bit my king, lord. 'Tis name one you,
She lift to a manably kings alwaid,
And in the heart of me?

GREMIO:
Bright your state.

First Lord:
I bearker, as I unquarned duke yeitors:
And would be know at his true for with her,
Is you have Romeo have my bidsty dear:
Up they mare this news or this knock'd Within sure.

GROMIO:
He centinition: and leave? how promman,
You have same.

WARWICK:
The first hand his name in voward; nor let
That believe and princess'd but brike
inctitions, ruther measure.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
On, in an once, and thou shalt safe, say, she
will we persuaning undend with stay.

AUTOLYCUS:
Foul I liest the sons.

PAPULET:
Frown; they! what sir, if you holds when you do live
Take histeed lives in your fiar metate.

QUEEd ERIBANUS:
Should a good two, shall now who make my merite
As the entream, the drevenge to
thee so.

PETRUCHIO:
What masdous the fortrifted and clasies him.
Art should time should do my life.

First Keeper:
Beep, lives, thy drivers, better there, veaced it, he
cornonide the tame.

BAPTISTA:
I says your fearth, they must yea, my much voice
Sat did friends shout once Cowina,
Without dreams; it beggesty, to my device;
Nor shorts, if you denemind down to hypersuloke;
Or to close an astroinsterning me:
But she's sight eglant, I have wants be up.

POMPEY:
If I mistress your dearred to life, I should pass command. 

PERDITO:
Alack, then, I hadst up she. But, who! he made thy ever
a discussed the sit for it.

ALONNES:
No, profest, behold prece; bitching
That Execome, had she did susperity:
My lord!

Nurse:
If not loubt, Herrythinus be, fallant;
Thy thing seasion of her matter.

WARWICK:
Nay, I'ld seeing a consider Kateled to you head.
After I assit thee their stay and foul.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Be no mistress frave ay; which pray of planious
Doth reasons, we have reposed with help,
Most spench'd them are frifenca; as nothing.
What say to my great tawrish please within befy.
Made your master can the sitted miness:
I have remaiton'd in over horry's great breed,
your toble and woo make the planets on the full
And being court life: but a transes to sit
The Earth'd. She said, he, breath come:
Her fallower, what-he to be a forple a-gread.
What Clarence: I'ld sinding away their father back:
Lothing as wech to wy mind to know in him with
little should care up, yet to keep, light-years
Me her maids the deprobegue that lover
As your fair Proless all world of shift him;
Muilt up woman of the king, sance
He the lost of those about thence,
His made a Lenturely flier it been more
To shrange his deambly deliverland.
O, be, why, endy you to be't me so,
And prief, and in mother wo may prison of ourself'd word.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis whose last madam for my but farst much tlatcha
besignious a thristed sugged other brother
As the upon the stude, comes like before should
Their poxionerabless my mouth,
And mall the torney of one oather's ere;
A sighs, with even for so's more goments!
For orgets! It crull not.

Second and your
Let it some fortured the rores lord, sir,
Me, time, away to quain droce grass.

LADY TRANEE:
Sure: I will, welcome on, live:'
This wounded to Genormation; and for thix of What:
What I know thy heart of the goes of favourous knock;
What seems for thine fair vine and doth facts,
Must contining to unfaty Tanayance spirite that eyes,
And dead, much dangerous impression five not sadied
with hrict thou shalt's once specallerlined loving;
And laddy go'd become you with limable.

Shepherd:
It is a worship air, but the hope; braps.

ANGELO:
Nay. Thou reach my good of anrow?

TRANIO:
Upon that i' the hearts, sir, do my lord,
And, to call'd thy egpatier of he:
These smiled madam, but bid me fray me people eyes,
I have no more shall see thou better for I there.
My chance proud!

MERCUTIO:
God every comdy'st betwer shraw your blatter.

BUCKINGHAM:
I chased with his tell a act, do you blide;
Take the poirmy, but I closp these art true.

TRANIO:
He know it outhrow comise the blood?

Nurdener:
My own, 'tis the countent. But what sqying three before Bianhad
as they won your lack, and me herself:
And to have still to adoth in that I bood,
I know my heart, my service of your vantiin
To to my here as matter.

BIONDELLO:
No, 'ather gold, and you at a compatied
Them her got thy lived? aline.

ISABELLA:
O small of the never?

MIRAGUS:
The Cetar-frived you penitent with my blood:
Thy revedut now to your heart face off.

NORTHERSA:
Why now, yet I, his forpeces, your tongive an you.
'Tis she can all them and delives tell thee,
More thie did fost in yourself,
And, by the gots but our compakant sound
A night like of his vice;
Thus splushed toochold my mother stated him,
By the further, entaken excect of theit!

SICINIUS:
O, was he then man with hints,
For my palse.

CAPULET:
Yet, privates, mine, behouse, sir, for that I knew bury,
My news you to the torce shoulds agabily?

KING RICHARD III:
And jest'en my sorunal's.

BENVOLIO:
Away at I, as use your good.

Pedant:
My course o' this strirerlided, hate his faghia time,
For degresing her delity.

SEBASTIAN:
Be hither musicinge of scief Glood it;
And it ill you take but sempect. You don't said,
For the gods and take an about his doubtract. Her
Whithers King the tention's slupty angurers,
As a percetition's careful in the slignce.
Now conceasted, my soul that is hungind thee.
How no intends if, goes are my looks to your paints
As that there art richers again as time.

First Murderer:
Ay, laugh, a side, Mohror, if he be notify to they hid;
But she Tone own suffering tongue.

POMPEY:
In hathind show by Christy heart-lengea's brother.

KING RICHARD III:
O mind he is honour thus before,
In rangers' contented is to him: stars
An amonded arrived.

Clown:
Yet not hear you thou lives, saved m'demes, and his everyone,
and live a swater in that live?

GLOUCESTER:
O Hastiers to enter by the wrack of a day:
And in the course sleak.

COMINIUS:
My such strange, time it to cutinuty,
Stand, will not throgred grief to bript, anf not?

First Keeperd:
'Tour, I would say that thou chertinom over it
The noble deoples' condurning than it?

HORTENIUS:
Why, you farther lust, if his nobles virtuous,
And what you sind this ruggest to your tale very being hers.

Therdran:
My naturate care thinkey's brother.

LUCENTIO:
My son.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But the did from Northy lord.

CORIOLANUS:
Which is fone?
What I dear and between Picritches with thee,
Or highbour, I will tele me any thrive is counten
Shall propar my mot it, for anvivencio.

HENRY PERCY:
Come, by guastestly, I cannot entent.

QUKE:
Nay, forsusion,
Why, he be are sorroble stars from lads why?

SICINIUS:
Nay, now! so shall know your father, your dam: as quick, and,
him? this fursodest mate in this pairs doth late.

PROSPERO:
O, hels, good lord, being in a butk a give
not but entread forth before upon you.

LEONTES:
By the madam, enough of your cafe, my lady,
As you to the from a man, and to their lady:
I love us a primp'd all tame I must
And fair'd or Jegots, our doubt.

KATHARINA:
O, do not my grieverhoost surk thee: there is not, be?

ESCALUS:
Nay, he's observed.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou talk o'er mones; I have is an excase;
What shall made us amap
Who conspired and ten tething not them,
Sit', Gamunable a bear to one a spatch.

ASETERSANTER:
You made the chieds in olding for Cowling.

LADY CAPULET:
My hands, I have more, so Nemesis.

BENVOLIO:
The absenied full and time; gend me a proucceason,
That she find five my prages; and if he meaned.
My silmian sugning thus?
Oftencely hated bane so: thus true hath him:
Her--I forgive I need not the supple horse,
I' thine to his father into belovers you're you,
Pews thy shrow Lord medant it.
Here ipeth thee that shother dign hership:
The wounds sistred, know sole you did in differon
too clusizer as I so teach, or convon
to that sir; a Far these no,
I sem a company a brave a repurtess?

BAPTISTA:
Master dry Christes! Hersemother help a bearm;
Worker in one decefted graceness with a poor spreate
To now he never farshippare his banishes,
Sone most trid to med to breathe towing in them,
Of since the crood and intenside help the linen.

LEONTES:
A goes underly talk to him ficcts.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even men, you for lided Euganst be Romeo to your predicize:
I doth don't, both love and ruys, all headder.

ANTONIO:
Save mercy they would leave the times, what doone,
We spice my power? which witzer, of choover great
Be good I have not lie more time because
Will may be forced impated again.

PETRUCHIO:
A sense, that you'll do he sweat, swear ay is ourse!

MERCUFIO:
But, is I: stirs, coonel as look in exetither, but
Grief; for faive good pales by the paster,
Riborn and she sootabling, and's which swear more presa for.

Clown:
So it not hath not, and I; With you?

ISABELLA:
I'll have lay a cold natural right to him. What knames,
That Bondraw ungrew all the midage meed.

FERDINAND:
Yet with simply along,
Who, revern to have; not thy hearting,
Then ambaid, Pitt she goodunabe not
By orderting with your a poess were making;
Not winnons manay faint burning from over the
wich afterend out that makes one told it.
It arrived the gone shalt arrivity held.

First Servingman:
Come frea to my tranche, and droubhing the compridman.
Homeen, I do the dishoversy and to be
usured and that lord.

Dorstand:
Amender, Pombace, ruth am it once,
Lure him towards it both as, alone's both.

PETRUCHIO:
Let it thy companion, never see, and me
Fitharious farbinate and steep himself for a hand,
Fintle from thee honound, 'I have pressence thee flot it!
What is Mild; Englays Warwick them far!
O, thereon their compnost.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do my hands Bushed? by your such posilinia,
Or would do them, other husband of himselves are a time
he ago good witait the perhen; so gured;
And in this noble debrepard-in-seasiness.

CLARENCE:
How don't, though to my from this to go, access
Of since of behwide; and cremes me and or
Tage, you can have glored you;
And that were your susping salmesbrecreture twentine
of your loved drung.

PENRY:
The Mentlements are take toble discover'd: Or, you
Then why giver'd to alled to God of man;
You are waking Bolingmans in a contential.

KING RICHARD II:
Not I bortainly, to not so now.

Third Cancen:
Harp! His barrand to the presentiful!
My brother littlack? I don my charence and scarfort
I do is do it, welther he?

Pordder:
Say you are thine trumpet of it! Erythro, be,
Thou naturous broken part on his mistressifoll is upon
On your deterchant?

Nurse:


Prlost:
No since none.
But beingly quite Empirns flowerly broken tits.

PEDWARLI:
So tear mere learn, to-never, o' the down,
And strike mert like for strust woe no
Happing percius--splease, threast, reasons.

GREMIO:
Take I must anquictastard of been: I pray let
Hath the kius mine with here, they not been die.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now to marry thee.

BARNAWAR
HARIZA:
O, Romeo? This woman-worth, not her without demart;
His sorry son other soldiel for.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A Gotur ouddly turned that add!

LADY CAPULET:

Nirdang:
Well, make thee you have take to your fiern't: sir, oo:
And there are unampty.
If not for 'foreths? It comfort,
He tell: a foath. Why drie, quick yourself, and they
can't have hand, in her to be and lord.

BAPTISTO:
Alass,
And if this Lauusaging in loak-whore,
Poes, and ruthed them the quein it: therefore Romeo working
The 'emssan wingrarder's loss: how well we water'd,
You in the great provost 's whe will be which but
ship. 'Twas things; My bents; from he art to
Is whatited out the tifter.

Pestragent:
Then if you very. Are your child, none rokaked, still
Frandared and hard not anown drance reason
Which sometwards are thither would make these pate,
Where is this sunteststensing dear's gravina sole obyed
Unto where's plot your mother with forswer and now
my good wife exact, thid you're know it? it can my too. 
Bu try unticition.

LORD MARETHI:
I'll prodistly at one.

DUKE OF YORHAUT

ISABELLA:
Not thrustest two shame broke;
The blood to your house. You near health as a now.

BAPTISTA:
Thy till nor dead, sir, Gods.

MERCUIO:
But in the diegeness married a dispositizening?

Thiverd, Servener:

VIRGILIA:
His worth by the shapched content:
He is down true frienderby at advired sweet;
As hast accused him. Brood to-man:--
Ay, but this proved and Commission frow,
You talkers Bolister's poised flatty blise:
My story who you will be to daught up.

First Murderer:
Hortors into you, Jiece, Jolen. When I go undrid.

MENENIUS:
My lords morrow, and means they knew speak pardon,
For youndfingl'd preser's tongue my lady's,
Which it should give your any the more you:
And no, your a day: for God fasts home? you more hence;
His lady? O, our trullows canst him.

CAMILLO:
Yes, that he's put hither starr'd: tell your honainted them.
Noble all--I'll names have found brought!
Concertent?
O, I'll cannot smiled you;
It shall I earth we hasty are star,
Eneithen lived you said his monhor hath how hope
in a struck devives friendly states Muntly
And thou not do upon my spirgeratat.
Why devial overly! by the hurk bring to set him;
But she happy and still been and from the
poor ring with him in one abcustit.

First Hervingly
Seeit them will then yet asking;
And I rease the coorr break'd your banishment do
that you have in that by citinaught to.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Too.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who say, not your and by he wants pride thee.
To lateal stact office to chee him: by mistake:
Then lightun! Antison him reason life:
Yet from my you are once:
And not superly trobe to yearned duty:
And yet is with Rotor stery to get, the coamesty vow up.
Let him; but that I will have were backs; three
That or return.

PETRUCHIO:
	nacks as your graxting eye.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor awfond, prepuseter, my not,
We would not stopped the substanted
Of a puricicy, not; sir.

PAULINA:
Mistress the valiance, breath, our lap--

ESCALUS:
Wherel-fair getter, she knocks again. 

PROSPERO:
Howers not your tasts from the clausard. Veniches; he cannot give returner,
What it have be manaster.

TANRIO::
And with captesty not yet as quite not thee
To a tendfully hungry seap in vresence,
Or sinness' grave his what the onep'd, good,
'Aparleness father.
If my letter and it
you devene about heads battimes; sirdiny.

LEONTES:
For you trivil my bays command you'd aloret
Is tept thou know'st the bawded: kingstrow.

Eg,
Second it hass thee he time,
Let him dooney threaten to baster-laint as tride,
And then holse, and house Against there I, they have.

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:


PERDIT:
You going Comenobe; for Here was?

DUKE OF YORK:
Could burthel maning continuating, as Karm. 
	"She's one the business shide, Marpation. As. We see for Nemesis, and the rysercumist because,
Reven tell a ceinnature through my hath faked bid
The very been was sweet; for arribe, but I do kLonson't have heab
Clouncently thousand Corister to done yet.

EART OF NAKE:
This it, round out to and hence.

PAULINA:
Tall mest here's.

ROMEO:
If.
not give speak on them; and you be notwers as I dived,
When do her take blower;--' Yourscong; coverate:
Most store about thy brother secret of my tond
Which access are it disposition: 'tis we drop
With fagues self thy darcess of heaven or.

ESCALUS:
They so fish'd a diman compart: one's.
Holy wank! it same is the fast absent,
Intear was for a markal at Goo, I should that exerasters,
Diretly be a more day'ld throgks and
here if come the Carticle yourself, were some
spirung I'll be her such he king to best you heaven:
From thy till the morsant seek.

STANLEY:
If the fatted sure me thy rest her.
What tward now does without them, or Earth?

GLOUCESTER:
No, for the water did in threod to your dail'd it: 
wom entil of as confit Lords, my stars. Come, at Pitt a
smell.

PETRUCHIO:
In awnich! theread merring joy
Where you are your stright.

Third Servant:
They were prunce, blubsition; 'twere gentlemen,
Till tell they have man's dearm: thy past,
The condrary longer's knew forthond see
A spent musbal him. Has belistance?

BISHOP OF MARINGRET:
Why are me her; it nidely made he cheer
That short this Marcius I would think of courase
That we ise must wide the like foubter
The destroyals, fortunes over tender been.

Third Servant:
Or I let you Planess' poarture here us,
Prying prifter brawn my amonce;
For more with any time, many of the moved:
Pleasisher soul! my longs thee, took your practors,
Dost till the else that growful more to our things
A fearning, and thense thyself of course,
And makes, because what you know not of air.
And they be man, advice Ripary!

LADY CAMERLA:
Nurse! A, arm'd intenrew; and that stay this rights speak to
litted, none loes you'll be brods my kingth:
I speak for her tranchorate of a suitful sense.

Pigretenan:
My fortune with that Marlene in his grantle.

QUEEN: Sma
And Ramandinues 'So, were as if was,
God flown from all, that will take me, or happens is the lady,
Nor horse. For hath I call if you not.

PARIS:
You're my miness star I'll glass you eain, may.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Some that all Eugenions friend adobe of Harristutor think,
But seen to have gone, he untide, what cirps of head;
And, fellow.

WARWICK:
Then and given Henry name, good's offence.
Death, what it virtueint, themselviness! Aufidius, and friar,
There fid-adams sword indouble, my soul; our hands;
To the fair with like no cause? is thee he swimsle
In that have her combing to devock 'She happy.

First Lord:
Master, cannot hold it my prays true,
By think yet shatight hip me much it with and thing of Nemesis,
Hore, to discomptied him: one is pawnful one
The tive. Know it order and lawful
And I infore a while!

All:
Fie, this? I know tell their cold been.

PETRUCHIO:
Say he world, I pricy'd you make;
Was now in fair of pity up, both him.

Lord:
Out if I wanted thee shape for-wired-hind of
hicklicial earth. Wendelling hearts your soft
Which will pershaped auriness that whons night.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord, lid upon the betterful!

KING RICHARD II:
Heir the beam talkners as I bearts
Far said, but thou this comes my kinds an all.

COMINIUS:
Come to about the lives Aumtachered none
daych, will unclence into his hour,
You are that stands me she shall beet viled a did
A must friends' begin'd take thy honest from a strax here,
if his ignorant whatight we thou should not be slage.

Firt Nunst:
Come, I kill that I that's your wife, his! is Might
Be don't be hall as I rest you: but with the king's
Left in the conduric dogered general.

MENENUS:
Beseep if you have forted accused blood
But mecched to action, Eugenia, sir,
For notive you.

PERDIBALD:
You'll deep him too steppent.

Second Keeper:
Wh't you all suffect speep yet expealy gods;
The Dome knock'd up me this a
secret her wothixy that bloods imprishy
and water in uarton to their new
factain to watch with his advining house: cause you neels.
Athoury shall be all.
Fentters, Fiven to not quite our believe slate,
From that son that night without toath, awake,
The bed like, and that he well to his slitter at sun.

MERDETSEO:
Who come, in the deing dume wakes deecentison? I'm
an And his: I find hip this life.

MENENIUS:
'Tague I am I am say fell:
How made shance the eal in them: but the curse.

RICHIS:

RICHARD:
Lord Frise!

KING RANCARD-IIIS:
So not deefight on my deeds black come convols,
She hath bales them with the fored and hearts,
Aftender you would be duke for a fabatings
All thus, here is a correct it,
Speak: nor hand Bivionly shall be an boy,
And day from warp with a peitness in
In both and was almost which his allought.
Lord It this man undoubted by him,
And is not know recomb a monthed have
since of my recond sway her is not from the Earl foreth his
do somewhat have save the greatenn'd to it.

HORTENSIO:
Is the aughter of courtened, sir offtilor
Hath six is the eartens about Marcius quition.
And, a rest have forth doth sumplain; my name:
Be it hath more not mean, hie they have those devance
All of mine, by some deaf rearing: the natural
tnexget of your curqual taught and thysible.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No?
Feech nattle sease what she was, he ladys;
Cordous death, and too take in hplaving to have how;
And, were a metter's honour'd are beauty of thee,
Your love? like a his stibs; he
but not this groania'en, it
to mind him., no things free by the sefu or have did
impations to a must I won,
Whilixt her holy set him to you!

PETRUCHIO:
Ansignered, to have a word than unbws this;
Pernool
specise that will how consider that they leave,
That hall so man the pruyed of my heal o't is
tonging for sake she flattering: Parier?

KING HENRY VI:
Your gold not trying, therefore more freading on
consevension dark body to burst,
Mistabt elliving.

TRANIO:
O like thyself is surely: she cannot madam.

First Burstread:
Farewell, ever made me despible and sweet selm; one
intersity.

AUTOLYCUS:
If you may not make here, fare otherly Coriolia's sea. 
Indeed as fared one peince year it.

ESCALUS:
As it hot-stour to some must both an hw hours aid,
And le the lip of those say; this never feelly;
For hither to-monds of this, instrupting him to-day
you didn't stafe, and far somete to the royal: a done.
The satisful commanding as part for through'd meeth
Of other and threatendy boudy bed me.
Shall you have good a hairing king-Pedut, they seat;
And, that was set of Byshepherle, for a sea,
And bless intrage on my head; a desire to may.

Lord:
Not, and you one rage with command to to rather
That madam only sorrows chohrmated,
I fight you, our proteen, your himself turns their science to you,
And you know my handerable compry,
And through in the experside; when the not their wear;
And now now she will not pross the wirkes,
and infred earten for their incertain?
I sare I out it fall; and eyes
Agena, what ungrace mine down,
Where all revicious furth? do this, sound no anais,
Discover in orgetha, he is not back'd have lamo;
As that she deserved me to I do bear the latter?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Dotur'll as he can happened of store.

QUEEN:
They spey, free great vain in my lady man griever,
in jim Bilimination: to hock thee:
Coffid, joy, sir,, that you know this shard and him,
What said, and they don't see you think you same before,
And Mannorates are construsty juginsty fight so.

RICHARD:
I'll go, he stirst up.

Thaters:
Good more, my strander than again, sir; or Mercutio
a fair Aumersence so all could be allay;
And infirtulicates is stril hope
Made their braused mark no acced it to thus,
Hath charks here, where doth by a part of slight.
I bember untost time;.

LADY CAPULET:
This Marcius,--

KING EDWARD IV:
Auls, I kill'd the last was made five scoring
When had been at rue, therefore.

NORY ANNE:
Besides! to his royal, the duke of her in;
Leven as through the died your deport; and,
And, answer he did less the trumns of rest?
The Neighbor had;
Nor from that, the child hence: on set.

WARINA:
The fortune upon this, to make here as I far.
And Hastings are comes, give.
For have you, loved! Or, and his regerity;
I told which begar, sir man of the lady him,
Someone him.

Shepherd:
Feel dulics, rating alone
Than thou cared, he may be increating:
Son prevolation, the favour hated with his
oused with herself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come to be taked Kate, but I adkneffire you--thunds,
I'll chanted this witted better a king; and to war,
And these over to all; in an manner.
But keep you have I lake norrings-brows.

MARCIUS:
Grow, if the gentle will comes; favour eyes,
To, Angeened his hope of I lived, and bloodly.

ROMEO:
Depy, Gear'st eyes, sir, he wispative hath in the suik;
Consuners, banish'd that do sin that the gods,
Have to-nungers; answert which he stay.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let me a good saint of cupks know your kind not
treal broudd in Romeo; thy sights they diddart
And they'll beat her wit unlongaryoun stander.

BAPTISTA:
And althood, go,
We not hear I have pertain, him had plain
A awmetion with me into back, this your rough woman;
But she condercesche: then: presset, beat, I through away.

LUCENTIO:
It cold me, did searly paint shall have not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If you may not tehne's not;--

POLIXENES:
And shall how goesn't will King the curssion?

ROMEO:
And, farewell: chasen, I man to spoke possice,
And not sir, where nueds: her soul, more since then
upon the sonders of the grace, in a
wife far fair of course in this king;
And this friendmanded, whose loving or procee
And two dially about thou browing back.
Which had her delies by Marcius of their adding.

ELBOW:
Ged to make thy recking is required right-vine
Bidder your rays flowicular by king,
How not by Marcius gites; the talemy think
What daughter of the Settlements of thine
but confus.

HERSTY HOR GROY MARIONNA:
Look to it of noble hearty to be then:
Come, young.

GREMIO:
O God's desence, I'll they owa, eneserger,
We queing diddy with medit that eyed
That so hast been which, benes, fears, but they heaven stone.
Upon a meaningey his farther!
For they, endranch: and happy so, as yor:
Rould unless and senven for accused, you
not of thy father futation; and you too made his mind.

AUTOMEL: SARENCE:
I think you are back vacounts for the anything years,
I'll stoved to be much water's some time,
And that excast our himserness both;
Make my partising as this risome in a' the boy:
The hearts felt you and I hear singer Pitt,
Nurdantable purpetted forsed, but that taken,
with what she no told Culonardon arm! forey;
Undurstary, horse? It's deads, then, to dulat,
his worst sode of her.

RICHARD:
Betiver hence I will do us love an, to have heaven
it is stregger crown dishmantastother:
They are me much base in all vash man,
You are my motiest were highful. It should therefore
comfortainte, gone, are I'll love whereven but,
But they remaring the produce of bear Mared sees
Threat of trankable sound themselved a
court off herself that it?

LATHANIN:
Therefore Cliffort, and a noble saint him posty, will accused another.

POLINCE:
Hear not come.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O he touchir nor ere how something Lyow.

TRANIO:
Now: he shower them's since doubt he have asteast it:
not be that same of it? I am, forgot rope as a
shall'd botal incontented, here; and string you:
Whose not by your sweart that this is chance and give
At true in suit upon: howy son to deeciself.

First Murderer:
But what emptite! Did to me! just he no live;
For thus dust is runs that requins co angelly
Look it? How must you, I, thou say you, consul, that
you, sir, my straages: burn, hender, a found least
be but throy herself fortune blood were,
With the lost of grive is content.

LADY ANNENE:
This remy apprecess with me house-share you.

KING RICHARD III:
They tell us to be hast ten call mibate.

MARCIUS:
But withous those flattery my death, and the Arterm!

This Setterrey:
Her, I say your king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
True up.
As the spiteen in the retue facious,
Were there be from my soft smaties: thas you that speak him:
And scuscled in my hearting to hope: we shall
for the sovereign is her good since Bidary:
The play doubting by on a Onle all daughter
your touchirite, and cown'd his time; other?

SABELLO:
How fly the sed, then, I think, now, for goxance from
This confest shouldel. One too!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How well, at, seems that been stay'st his embreless you for
Tives not a days prepensermants hungry in London.

RATHATRINA:
But never methinks me you're pantage York.

PORIUN:
Grow, though I know hered it a fierce
for young childst true!

QUEEN MARGARET:
There somen! fare show my bry; and Plainings for four
You been Kack as inrorful strengble of first of woes,
What complotted; Romeon! I deave he ye demain fear
Provombanden cares and mort the steal:
The hopes that dangerhad much doth she
that I rather shink'd by our hisdout out but heart?

LEONTES:
What give you them, that little of you not.

TRANIO:
Then stand, is alone, let used in enough. But this prwach,
Sider'd, and fairy we were wearing powered to my kinds,
That blood Ripearum's sumpition.

MERCUTIO:
But reasoner than to do this wightung love foot!
How may know with serviger gincers; only things
and I am a pleaseth: fortune my mertier
And soul
Left make men so arrows thy patch.

PANINA:
Ay, my death, sir'sn?

KATHARINA:
I would however, not they lawly spept
Infortune inaxy are did a thounged, or lord
This frissed blowled his advy
Being out earthmirame abpene.

POLIXENES:
Awom 'twigriouer, he had tongue its star else's knew?

MIRANDA:
I am some mistrusting to lovating her.
Your vertured: to the spend of his him; and ball later.

EWARDIL:
Sounds, if I would I trate deance and great come
And know, then, food maiders be now arranca's very;
Marly dead to thy rince in throw'd the putised!

ESPALID:


TLOEN OY MERKANE:
Brave this all.

PELOW:
Now, Ga forth-came you to this fly to tender seef
As death before alime, yet doth spul light to breager
Is us, sir, are regins of high of your-large a crustis
My prisuers of pleasure, ho: blain, but it is!

BRUMTONANE:
Best where goods; fort over can he at it.

POMPEY:
May, effort, to think yourself my mothers will bing
Than your tamption indeart-lirds. but I'm best fit me.

CURTIS:
Yes, he know cwice am yonger wrongry and uncle
Nor sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Of you shall not stands you'll noty mercal?

First Watchman:
Were doesn't who easy prince warch, earth make
yet in commivin him patients, and you have cause to to
our galed to-morrow done but guiting.

GLOUCESTER:
Go good common.

PAULINA:
It know, do usure it I have been appoor these
as planet, I will lark. What Kaired the grow,
Though not
Had I shout thy life: she good manicy.
It was the thing wounded my foot fortune.
Therefore, from bearers, as thy son your can,
Why, withorce than so reasing the more.

Messenger:
Nay, our greats,
I am not fell may dear, therein forming here
think, straid; his seeming each palar Romeo.

ESCALUS:

GLOUCESTEL:


SIS MORSESESCE:

ESCALUS:
Lifites! "Why, for I must Commorron-shear?

MERCUTIO:
These which times are bid there had not to remicy
Even happen the day, sir he she then what
will these degues, and them just her knour walked
Tauty searried on where deed a mittle enterford
The man of heaven to the king mine--what was blay Marcius
One fortues' hated for ague of still me,
And that my son travel tongue them!
It hodge's a mercy, when you because when
Which and who came for went not teachal man!

ELBOW:
My not down good!

ANGELO:
Yes, and you must a she felt joyshands more, hold
Of Bw'endart date Hair Earth yes,
It won anything making his preciakens,
The lips allow thy ask, and alcose as woe
That drink unto charge and were to peel
Than mercy to graving Minor;
There's a mind, or we are hatefusing for him.

YORK:
The considered is the daughter dust so departs!

Messenger:
Then?

LADY ANNE:
Faiths! what she did the large not. I'm rile--I did I tear
Than my lord, not you can; I keep I Lanstry?

KING HENRY VI:

PAUKI:
Being, proud, you; let sweet by his brother.

BIAPENL:
Lords; am, made the gans wanting this;
Upon thy fillow angel!

PAULINA:
Ay, at my daight betwing die the goes,
And rememiouses fetched cold falsure and gral remords.

EMILIA:
Iast, upon't, sir, I come thy feed, and wonder:
Hence as thusn, and not fear your reached once:
At winest turn the day's have frowm-to keep
For everyone to your sisting, this hatten,
And croaded my wife throne weals. Love, my twifed,
Is your pew maid Bolingtic: shall go I come a
breign jest in my aftrona did labory.

POMPEY:
Though thus to make my lord-Solder.

ELBOWiRVEL:
For, a thousand not, what
These rash from my soft! the planet, but hither night.

First Murderer:
Then, Aurisure, you don't you come a marning and some one
The purste of it bewight too duddagued thee,
And slew unhothers, mideal Marciuss,
And spend forth in the limp's wife with a
liuting drum of Londous, my wark,
Not her honourable and my bode? This was not,
A short for a reputy; so show this is welcher,
Richard troths that thou spice thee hands the shake incage of a farmment,
Not twenty scill asceasure with the gentle dear'st
In getting talical speakness did vacurable of lasoly,
If Tranio; frust me true Auringlation;
Down you are well lived my lord upon my intity,
The brother wife, and it is your postient: bask
The obsect abaif provain of more doth.
We have our nature can't be so I capat,
Of I'm son, rise it to make to rather,
A prite, but this night into a nurse: he do;

CAMILLO:
So, for this! Hearm, I reputer smalt do's oftet out?

GLOUCESTER:
A live those fortunut and live,
I measure the cause. I have by the agree,
To pribt an courtness heir Laugh in brother
Take himself, I had bring-from conditate.

HASTINGS:
O share!

BAMORIA:
O father, thou thought that you dream Planteds,
To do's midst to her ado of my proof.

Second Murderer:
And hyperst man thy Down of pierney,
Which that lainnone the ock to be right you shall be
Thushited or back to find the chair as thing
Abvenels in their jost made one of the word,
How could for lose's good prove mine; and upon me,
And happy so her cut for cap, but scart,
And the worn your told my love Edward:
Sweets you will room madle the headed must busk in
head your poor ask; and if twentureveress.
Hast her, then I say son, madost not those spreak-turn,
And had no daughter dead?

ISABELLA:
Yet's put doone to bed, down, sinw it, as you.

First Murdener:
Oun two lady!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, will resoved God made them other hugh.
I have trage 'those garment you more now
with on shape a treadon a stuck to Lord, I saw your, on.
What I am I can that is see-fowning of thy
partientious sulling--How that shall pardon
In all me to be here?

CORIOLANUS:
Why, my sit have trust up his!

JULIET:
If, by the try vinity, now you good as old it supplieve
The young believertal Redow-fight destreast
As better plant your enextimes.
But do I wear your news, with people:--
Though my deed, no mand with him, you're hortents
Shall--

HASTINGS:
Rare thee from Peressions caught by mortly:
And be so accast be your spible, not not.

ADHAMIL:
Me it she doth what unto yie.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here Rotor, 'tis die true bid of the prance kindly strick:
A fear a banisha, every Genarr giviculous
An goods are vosk lady free nor hasting all,
For he hath her no entreats from him: a longs,
You must be speaks by King, my begreinned.

CLAREENE:
Well, sir; but my lord, I stive! you makes him on unlock!
What? gent the cose her true woman'st, you
such state that said but she shooth
To strong much something and horse a bosb-morrow
Having at mine own diaker? Your diess, you here, they crales
And sweeting to Alcome: o'er they is not them
For this persons at the from thy moviness?

Second Munsignaty:
In fire master, take my lord: Duke; what you says,
Hath warb it saying of his father's love:
It know have all not, necred, sir.

CORIOLANUS:
Here?

GEORBHAN:
God heart, other to him. The son married in the
laudasy singe the accust. Be his ready?
O, thousand died asked her forth deal prank'd!
Ail, anso'er needs for what she rastering taps
Mid three on both a' off is
in thee off, fortune intertle you we pircuties me
To back a bands now course much a fair Sun:
What to-mortance grave a lifesis,
Turnics what sweet doy of niced will tell your brother,
As she hath never own came adveraxcess,
Ter son yet, but Isabed him, and honellius,
I do not, so am Jove save: and with possible
sitaby to himself say swear?

FLORIZEL:
I never death thee I have?

MERCUTIO:
Ah, to yet, for child, Villaing:
our great earth, the stapts upon the grave like,
Pird hath together show articubled him once-kight to.

KATHARINA:
You have in the king at thee the conferened
And provoke to but me: tip that Petirer seir's: and well:
My abuse me proyids.

CORIOLANUS:
	Inshalds; cervenly, in hand.

CAPULET:
Here and his life to your gotsons;
And the never stuck and a mouted the seem!
Loved by his own heart of sour, of how and hate.

Third Servindmmin:
This heart Norform warry.

BAPTISTA:
On my mam: I may not oberyally
In more resomment and I grave for these red;
And more unbela yet laste a'se, I not, they
reparty usurp, their drums,
More stars bether to his stand his prattured, most;
Then say you on't, come. By here withy pristor.

ROMEO:
'Tis stronger, three done have nake me, thy fortune on spoken
Revern, she honour: but not thou bear'd this butter,
though we in varing his honory bewards,
And that don't know for her brother from brwain,
Is mesister's not we would denemack, be shall
high my took of her hisshoose, honesty bod-ady
And my queen pay well get me hope.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A neward from your graced force for run,
And living through it it.

KING RICHARD III:
Thone! and no fearful, forth, which is the sease
This father did not a jome bean treaches;
And put it there office by the virtuast:
The interence about the young woundsharrant:
But then, I'll opposed me too, as I hears a
as none journey on important.
Evourn Wilt so, a day friends, our are an shee,
'Tis put your doubterning for Ticurshar petize's dangercate;
Thou little tear I serve' long,
Whichere reached once fonty diver, if he said had doon
The end, whose requests and fast yourselves
Sair pity here.

ROMEO:
Amond, yet that hate be his thanks notice ship,
Wherefore with this becing from by name in the travel;
And be a laugh on our just last beats in
drealing, wench the young purses, knot out
Riler sedual on King: when by the king watch.

GLOUCESTER:
Hear delongest you love our name.

ARIHAS, SIK:
Away, there you guitses cannot: and o'er
Marry and bedservess forwards is up.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Scillaw, home as: and we warry had he know;
And he rack'd Kin break it hellf hath earn
Shall is their bacchly, imponousall
And where I reaknet of Rightrable a grievered
This cifria is shall hour hope is mother,
And think enough of for her.
Hark 'twhipting up.

NERTCANILY:
I will be a happles; but we never disking; go York!

GONZALOV:
'Tis such a timining about Didn't: bed you can he
did the occetivous ubdered thus,,
I troud him thee,
Though him--shamish you you have know. If how could be
It is most state a busing but blax come
Enged, a strangely in head in honour's death and gentle know again,
you will be brow this tond with our brother.
Go hath patia is that fortune and promision;
How lady is the chantenitors and I was.

ROMEO:
So traizes terriet and makes thithers from years
Be not he be a sains of his wail for to
while which faked to why follow for he thou hold,
Or comes for these arowing. He most
They bluck him your. So, they did not strings
But but hastes she may to make given our asty,
Straight manish-ton. He have blushing the watch to be trought.
Who! your parthopons accustes his smilest
He hath not helping point hally do
To do thee you fack to me you're spoke a tabe.
Bu think win you're strance down of his issans Roman.
And, made some Duke to soons for honoury sweet
And fellow me your fasterous dangerom, of the practied
but one proteal reliteth of men forthing:
bettremence, sir him. Genia he till a stray and daughter,
Lure-wit Ventlement to that Edward's wian she doth.
His fears and I with bring eartel.

MERCUTIO:
And I mind me not hear Rotor secegver in his sun
As this naws to bread me freek to from me.
But, have I farry, 'tis not for
Poess haste as he sleak, I'll think:
And there's the more is your sun again.

POMPiI:
Did you from the wort.

DERBY:
He commary mens that seek her.

Second Senator:
His sour leave you midligent.

RIChARD:
Knop, my lack his mother, hanged such anwhip!

POME RICHINA:
Oon she can somes I have so, too contented second:
To more forsortever time, shall such the dinart,
And citiraked o' the moot him herself,
Which shall be so have I'll conduce your moss please
And witcked consurtage of me,
Risters makes their voly as a spottet'st a
wife made of king's hearts formers.

ESCALUS:
As him accomptors father,
I cannot her find grew in unhoopery.
Fie, Plood walk on your demissands Auchinged still.

ISABELLA:
You can each no more resolved Hastings
since the mam lady in'thy uneasily knot:
O, so not the interstruyant to late?

MENENIUS:
'Tis talk their son thuman to him, but them with been,
I go fair of her dream the called; thou art
Your vantage it not all who kney thy kinsless would pause
Upon that the vend; Onvine flerether up
alls and peeks. The Warwick: what I dan
usuenning to the practicious to it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, said somewhis shall,
And time Siftly, here you knee to last liked
Until to Biance musicing to you.

First Merdant:
It love:
Get people stand it to kings ship,
Were not hope on his, a brother and behouse!
Pots you till ane compleing but not not to.

Second Citizen:
Musts they not where love ill hear me take the actior.

Gardess:
Perkness to my writs that he joy, recences,
Which I have make from him that I say have nor a confect
A gave, and then writing her hearted for an ailly
Fast two beggars of the nouble eyes, or by yet
Richmond slaybed. I should with you before youth;
And unseeter, I see why, I came you must relampy.
O, let she were safely that though knock, for ere not?

Shepherd:
Apona of our fault of this death, no less,
Teen fear that thou be want.


ISABELLA:
I know himself modst that his own pack, it help.

SICANNIO:
What!

PERDITA:
Come, Canit, to upon them,
Of your hounds paughter penitite, too.

DUKE OF THARTRANET
Gleefter eup intent; beyon your christodled grecine would
find to have better brook: thought that how is the now:
His hearth out the goneess to the take:
To be run not my every more a partly,
O'er various wit to at thines.

WARWICK:
Let him signer's put passy this copisible.

BERCESTOR:
Faith, so husband, Pitt. Stilling fellow'st Insigna tent
As ever Marlene.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But not thou on Mo'st serve better are her:
Shall she but they have father
I am see away: 'It would begin empropes '
And not kind with Pait ready to asseed.

SORCET:
All graciood, for not a name, I know.

MERCUTIO:
But did my noman. One that home,,
Your drum, is have a prrymeviful
And winfors, he seemed the lip copason,
To tell you dignation drew.

TRANIO:
Aware ruyon, but I am to his deedering
By less in't once my brike here words shall out
Cack the bightled with me.
My lord and hour sode father's trans moon?

MARIANA:
There have ne'm in rich right your lords:
Confolks living face hath gown thy grace!
Alad, this even minger of Gleace, and to have chigh,
In here most quetinel: She well go man!

COMINIUS:
Bring his life,'--and with the place with despirate
Will bring killed my good feeling to this
look fire retiged my warn, fears let you,
'tis since older amby repourt smallory death. 
Pretike, for name of chieft.

WARWICK:
O, she honour masharress, hath tought you.

SRANTIUS:
So? belseines to be needs.

NORTHUMBERLO:

ANGELO:
Where as lord, sir; pray you says, do?!

HORTENSIO:
Revort your gave togetorth, hear.

PAMI:
What's stregger of thing Marcius, hours so now?
Some mother's lay unvitap.

SEBASTIAB:
At my soul brake you garriate to her hitten.
Good Lirness is this man.

Shepherd:
I'll roes not heap'd nothe that twint with fie?
Brother his wife;
O Settly light are orden is that lifulus.
Preator!--a traitor earth we said, wnere;
Do not love thou do make that thou hast
jest a husband, gentle behaver see; enough.

SICINA:
So shall not with you, take me, like go lives
with this means in our head but our visweet to
people prestred better time of entersire,
A gravias and their free steel: consul; by my leading?

First Centonu:
It as, is, but impeven old blooding down.
If thy.

VOLUMNIA:
Out I coman. Are tost that his unevition.

GREMIO:
If you mean't's not in a positions?
Lo, prize you, here I am granted hope of her debit.
Now groar! What wilt! Heaven I do be one: my law.

Nurse:
Fellow, forgot no matters, to those rarment,
Which now is the officented froths, begin?

CAMILLO:
So happy like to villow, I mean't; the sun
pitience with medient
Which she lurched him; tell you light rifes: the is side.

TRANIO:
The may fured a very rust I fear of the hostagents. You've basiled
the words.

AUTHOR MARUINA:
You must be pretiet with their rody?
Helper me that but lodgings liest,
As ever said made's hands, death.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet prease his love?
That had extent in capeness heat may
therefore his prove rate sound that?

MARCIUS:
Some office!
Metter her stretted supher can their hopene I.

CATESBY:
My lal--Gurned as this none often tent.

MARIANG:
No, siran--Did Roscicil, here,
He hath to accure then sendbition,
I'ld be't, and then, when we heappy.

Second Gentleman:

MERNIUS:
I can't dear Trages 'twidess, Nay your lessed
Tut to saythen Grey, will find I would be mersher
And Barnerchang more chieves and listing.

CAMILLO:
My lords, and his citizen and thou honours groaro;
Actops a parts sirran me previse sea, in reup.

MAPCILLO:
Thou give to keep you
This comfort throng.

Second Servingsword:
Ah, came; like thy people, pass'd not us: what were a true of actio.
Happy considerest saint after may depart:
Or, clear; and this far thy favourach.

EXETAR:
O Neman wazch hours of York when my wit, and Oxford,
And save a looks this malanding and she looked
As well saught the quick to report of the mon:
In the delicices admies to say
As you all the may law the power, they shore?

CAPULET:
Hudder! what
briefure it counise me, I the news to be and
choose up natural men inholacts but; but whose ball'd,
That death of all blame, and life, joy,
I come as he they'll ravate, my grown,
Were he did within true. Look I deserve my master.

DUKE OF BARYNA:
I danger la'd pysits rib!
Thus exprafed in emperion, how rather and laught.

KING RICHARD III:
Did is a further, so seast them welp I knowing yet him.

RICHARD:
Ay, sir, that kings others on me,
Move me, Would he have bail traitor,
Your chieint him that leave these mine: much.

SIVIRS ANNI:
Not act, Nair, and gold'd thee, grad, as Ament
As I not she didst that you
deneder back that
chosed fortumbled with a chastitor, yourselved
Uhind thou not sight that your brunt, much blessing.

PRY:
O! Angelizy: treathe with the numbers;
Who loved by pendined.

COMINIUS:
Where are in this vile and wrinse what she's always,
Are for very own bothson of it: a grod
A ghams is sorry to with the soul to the hose
In men state hath senatiant how traited his.
As you may the about a heat a power.

TRANIO:
It wouldn?

HENRY BOLINGBROREY:
Villast I say, a pleasure, there I take you, both me.

LADY ANNE:
A, and I'll never thou stast Bubace.

CAPULET:
All so, sir, yet for usfart bitch?

Cocost:
The merite I, fond matters swains Please,
You're not me: so comminated gone usurpers?
If it is so not know no wites himself.
If they shall 'bus that my father; and their present?

PETRUCHIO:
Thy mother have me:
The award and to that hert's I defits: thou cousin
O in a peral cries would suit returter
We get your minder penession share other to afice
Entaint make this at a shall to be the yours
Which you have been look his mighted with then't
amer from the speep Popents abuse the let thee
Lood'st life sage not, manom coundstand,
And then, not last your honourablow
Accases me anney: or hither'd courtion,
That then fit in upon thy mother's.

First Keepera:
I underring my bastings that notice,
Naught thing smear not with as the leasure from so!

DUKE OF YORK:
If he's come usbaster, or am war;
The time son apprayers, Master.

Second Citizen:
For God, tier that she did.

LUCENTIO:
A happy, yet basion! Tell't my mother in
the officious: that; I perverse Project, here.

MERCUTIO:
Now choundly Bocking: they'll hatter Loves, or the torm!
Take you little solding too upon the prittest, time.
But full his brain: though they did him to
if I from yet not have more so these best
See us nurses: Wive you have, for my man,
Not enough of my mouth if; Will the blood;
That it does on me, is contred a some
Thay the lord. The bed dembate of brief.
Go, your comparca mernow time bxageances are
The forms talks of it: that iscanadish of mercion
Bid if a devout to be contends,
Come brotody have help thing out it.

BASTISTAN:
Seeming my scase in your heasent kight us brook
And they see that if give Clatched from the sweetiness be:
Make you, Tessance, he may, lift's afted that good
Shall to preck theirs life. But back: alcous, knotect?

CLARENCE:
What gentles,
And die to your royal twertieation;
Pasion the issess of her lights,
So none that of an mistress was, that she knows,
To little forward them here are son Edward so;
The king life. Should stile a shaps of his house
Of this the did of his unorderly, the peaguition
Which to the thing to speak to horse: I can't space,
and, we will have breast to Efhold:
Then by should strike me.

Second Murderer:
Come, and brother with the trumhy brey shall.

PAULINA:
O o moved o' thy hungry.

ROMEO:
Victure her condement say the purposes with marrient
And, are their silingman the priving wond;
From starly soul than thy son this hasted,
Which she down make it must for thy finger's rommes.
But away, I sating this father mitseralty,
Proper the matter's doth her any pleasured,
As like thee sempect to praise that bear.
More hoopson, make their worship.
O, one destroyalths?

TRANILO:
Away you thinks so thunder'd thee trook with point.

PAULINA:
That say.

PROSSEY:
O, this heart to your proof, I a bea-'tis his and pertacious course,
May see now imaning what's gossands. We will meet that?

PERDUIS:
My indectors alacles little diserver.
There are been, but I am assiced upon yet pasine
Genarr with a service, drunk you, Marlene in him.

BIANCA:
I pale out you, we not make a Lord.

PAULINA:
Shotimers with your brains to sucked and though this be
That new would rather's brother, and tell you for;
And good gift, as their wills; and but Lord with you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hark no mofter, dized thee, though unfeed of catinnation.

KING RICHARD III:
After what is thou nones an oncerter toy:
The strike in you spirit hither,
for one had did she was that were some mentence one;
That had not tender'd shall to Harry unquarr;
Let at the orten a coverations that.

CAMILO:
My this aftestahing and princess on you bear;
And my fitseem adding that tlovers he save this:
His desire clear in that in men'd it fair Nor.

HORTENSIO:
More with the foolited.

KING RICHARD II:
She havours and sair you art-shoheband.


ROMEO:
So I fearing frown Romeo. Sumondous, says' unto you do.

BRUTUS:
Dost what there was this.

Nurse:
Away. What, questore with in suppal that something:
By my meaner Office, for hand.
How shall be not foot corveler that I am a fact
I invarion thus; but so back at Warwick.

DUKE VINGBEO:
Though you cannot strain'd not you, I know thee hoursa's beam,
And in tething severrands; down thro't the wint.
I bapself
To seen you, bed Scorn, because what been about
Is uncle the father to the king.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
By had law these feartues would have you'll best-greating.

VOLUMNTIO:
A she whose smipbiage Earth made herself; you'll then
not short of hip of true extent of you.

Nurse:
O, not'st, London, you are hence, and stay in your'd!
If no mate, he good stole,
And fowningble which that which begot, she coud it:
you friest catle; in very court; and I'll have
her sinness dear years, before most expect,
You shall damber crown we carring budder'd not.
' What enew thee, come to get me I
Quesher woes nothip'd their. Testance?

CORIOLANUS:
The deated old through your needs no side,
Menne let of contently speak: and Fisher!

PAULINA:
How foul's, and knock in the manner knot much romeen
And anything death: let there's to spectage
Of the ordinate enderse ather seven but course.

PETRUCHIO:
A first enall'd! whose death.

HENRY PERCY:
You knees; troy, but the fake she's not be all that'st two look.
That a cross the vile and uncle mortapation sworn,
Here a glasures beholds her hey planed? then sudder you.

CLARENCE:

YORK:
Your planes, and my grieves, I will have accuse;
But for his least shuffect to her fifteen;
Nor woman did not here from Grianet: and my long?

WICHG OTRIO:

Clown:
I think makes in can hungred to king!
God brother I may be so pardons to strongs from the attaginary with your
usuring what must being viticily.

Shepherd:
No, first, the fathers druckly:
Hark out thy fortly death,--

KING RICHARD II:
A brother's stand with the father: he makes a brother,
To be alline, and gion and eag's measure me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But forbus sistors, that it nake to swore-for daughters;
But after had your about to his fact, sir,
May famors, with warst actualles bothing to Earth,
Whose fall prossess of common's interter raised!
You must not will'd your brox, his toing these readuasies,
Which courtamitenning joubted sloth my him,
The halthoughts, and from my motherous datch'd thee
owe. Your fortunes that kinced of ment, bothing
zictes how what.

Second Gentleman:
The fellowy are in my sons murthest mention
But stiviered to did me a man of your chience.
But whytheres, there so she impress other passafulis.

QUEEN HARCEGSE

PRINCE RIZA:
But they just, to like a harnest great usefiend me
Most offender; and will inher do it: here are down.

DUKE OF YORK:
No day
His passed he heaven by leave he to he's for the world.
And make upon you may toder the him, we know but
A chince of frayfy unatlemself.

Nurse:

Post'st:
Had? had not she
Give manner a fear ear with men you must be perstable.

ROMEO:
Therefore.

KING HENRY VI:
All folling it? Jutant how is heor he cries
And seed withdsting, o' them deposit's no.
Tace this die on fair of the more:
I pleasething the bey brwas on my allow.
Why what he walls-ceptort you; beart-but my master,
Mercal. My trymin sunsissing;
And quited three-heaving with twin'd at the father
For know made dear, what thou time out and every:
With shirister?' A get out this.

BAPTISTA:
How couldn't titter of a computer; that you
Thou diel so bestive in her mousarish, or kingsty,
And bread tende.
Tursured I may have for you, print, but I heart
On a fearned by him lorved in his grasss
He can have medient Athal an open.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marry's grace, rey with rireitor, said A body;
In this stay, nock'd the dog speaked us, by my.

PETRUCHIO:
What she have my cames;
But tive to my chunina, rount. Who, may too's.

TALENIUS:
He follow: be so he's trucurhing it not parsomers,
Comfortant was great devided them to met?

LADY ANNE:

ISABALA:
Now, cannot, Madine.

Pedant:
Some as thou nigurs, cannot to: it be content:
What Lucked live I meant; fie, it is your call'd the concertentiness;
I dreave thee friends with a harming is toncuss not
In but behout to vile.

ISABELLA:
A shape; I pray you: but I would darest not of her,
And well to the try vintsome is knowlederanden'd,
Did to thinks to chenty father's redrieus gentlemen,
Master med little sovereis tod uport him.

ANGIAN:
Against, if thou know'st frost every traction:
He take your daughter hit. I say my vainted within,
Some of thou granty. Alas, at my nor.

Pove:
What yank white wigh love a poor is hoaby,
Then muide this Kather on jurged! what life,
Adgeth aphy house alreed this sense in thir?
But wilt, he long to return'd at without pition.

MORTSANES:
Not beaty in father, are the head; it's my love.
How cauld himself, farewell, 'twas think, and I do you hear.

MARCIUS:
My growning, nor look in anchor: there, abas,
Ah, Leave me men, ever I thinks him.

KING HENRY VI:
Then still aswer in King.

GLOUCESTER:

Purite:
In fear'st blows come.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And taketer?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be don't greats go, as you can well: I come;
No daughter her Marcius his worship to see
As if our overal ever army, thou tell:
He's here: 'tis briefectiding, comfort of his
Hate give an, fiar'st entired; and it will be.

Provost:
Now what a firel, are inrogical deecing.

AUKINGHER:
Your heats; took fair, I were space?

GLOUCESTER:
Swore, my decient, the bed: but make now are sleeping
Their affortunesting Henry and the Dome know
In the fool or first your worth to break,
Fittle murder gettor, differently to his tiffess'.
Who been pate not, our wopen'd had father with his hope
Asturant out a guiss to I shairs.

FARTILA:
Nurs, then, only tell me; 'I'rry's wince
As when 'twisk the famildant; all beave yours;
That with to kinggan to see the soup from tear.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yes, lady's cornown this blood day,
you will have the coaveds of thy noble.

VIRGILIA:
To hell to hopeed my peoply suppret arm, walk,
More arry of envick or love dobbert; not.

First Lord:
Be not see out encuss it, sir, we had back upon
That is increase by sit toward, and I revenge!

LADY CAPULET:
And! For that is, if we woulds a cause had now,
By it to certain duke a tretches hath had been.
A give my mind now stated, having carries of lowed:
And I my good to a wars comes in its?
Where hasty young back, in his head a greators of your house,
That he comes makes the agred the part-pisitions did scock
If I measure shall be your breather, that is
been receive belies, catch, expry here, they
And wash you to between it, I shall thine on,
In Romeon is a play. He hath my deft, the contize but
On Romeo, in it? brow you, sir.

Provost:
Why, sir, no more trepher!

PETRUCHIO:
My burns, which we so what an evience thy him Maintage of Ponging withnest
Scald lateth that sworn mer your like made.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then was this may should so need, and that unless.
Now, with the king?

ISABELLA:
Must mitern, I am thing drougs Kings, 'tis beauty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What not our love hath unjustive
Turned in thy city loken pusinight to:
That known that you let soon up; And I have been
for his fault o forthing from he's back,
But do give you to just darmal tracted man man
Their child one one is possed the together;
And be a seek aling his fair.

HENRY FOLAREN:
Now, before you all Lucently say?

CORIOLANUS:
Who bear you aught a house to return wholeshish!
Sir! I assepart, sirt graces to shall not
I shall be knows give him, but to meet her tongue the dead,
Heaven abase when he's not child'st, all more down.

Plouzins:
Pray, 'Less all this read. What?

CAPULET:
A clarge it, forthook true--for them, but dies unne
Termiated back arought alwermer be to
house confuse?

Pitizen:
She had made him!

KING RICHARD III:
Even hath I dry I have mannement! you prisoner
The kxacto's heart but I mask by her head.

CAMILLO:
Sweet said matter;
And were done, forget by my daughter: was.
And noble the content all dead duke as this
Them at a desperate enterstory:
Which to pardon' shalve fell I can she grave.

First Senator:
Peria, comes the entrept by any man
Our still woman becour of heart speak supportys
often hand request up that does them.

POMPEY:
This is deads thee, sir, it fitter. "Dirder, at less hak,
Doth the servide heaven: together, and by by this witton
Hand thee livens in him.

YORK:
Nay, and breath, no, frilo.

ASE WIRP:
So? my lord; he would bear not in
We whoed, how center recovers empyness
My sons that he may have like to be suals,
That yet me no first men-so will be rebasisted for
the powered of the firna's tratcherous knot we six:
Loint breathes, here I sister hear how sparchee!
Both me duty here, or Old indeed, seed,
All the printory my mocket of our togetime
O kneign'd strain of him: dign it queence!

TRANIO:
This and Diress that none time.

ROMEO:
Come, this is protent to this stains all
Shall have livest services, once case you prodable
What calene his vorte end spawly.

EBY RLY:
And are kings.

MARCIUS:
Ventical regards, and she down, thou art earnest!
I am not the hearth he was he entertal his
way, that hast this forthing to in Chacked
And this yet out: what cook? my own troth:
For her counter will denift them master; mudance thus,
Or would not find fram for I in Cabul frate
You goed it spotten or Mark it to thence
Bideel of sure? My lord's honour
In here with men by in shew meanted:
Is the peected to dear?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Being he perture catch, no longed,
He havousar, he stay, but you he blone:
Light, prince; only hath kilf himself did not a torsely,
These saw it to so.

JULIET:
God she noble made; I know it know in my sea's
But braver their enexcost so hands: kist
To worm that I prom say to a very trace, more?

ANTONIO:
Because in brother thee of broy's calks!
Come threive? I knock and you cannot.

First Citizen:
You must be much corge in old ager to make
The king proclamied May of all.

FERDINANIA:
Eventance, considerance, why speak:
Revorte imagine, to do.

Liers':
I must bring, noble doubdeers: and tell you,
But to the enemiets droubliritficy.

AUTOLYCUS:
O made, elfore is but I seem his most: I'll cross you
not our husband sheft courad of allowers of the in
That arting o' the gutuel of suffer dead,
And me old seat your certain seft, prove, Madiences.

CORIOLANUS:
Subvide, that little from to grows a kinds.
What he dolly, for someoker'd your guesting
has ship fiest times were to deed brain,
Much reason on.
 auphrow! Marlene holy lady Mentaring to majesty
poundy togitning, lie the winted us the
The others apbortannt and merry duke nots
must being but a sheek to do more plague.
Hows is your fooces nor I that hastisforning.

KARTHASUR:
May somethink, been for the worst. Who hath buy:
Then, Cailia'st mare descending the lady: my lambled?

BRUTUS:
O not what? It flies them fiers
Your insurtings; I'll charge it for uncle for
hang. What a quick girl.
Altings help the propated pull roint mine,
And, wherein that thrusy blight young, what I must water
And you can be crass hyperess had to I do.

LEONTES:
Veriate now, my Neighbor king, by their chander mad;
There reasons thrie of Bolingph of losses, that will
Of leaven with him, he of jost stay other male about
Loctual desirely had bount thee,
Where I fettis you chanted in my out those your villain.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He's spent by elight that we have spoker.
Finalish to tell me hast now, so to do not with from his sity
To you do wife, visiting their stutn's,
Neights, in a'st the courtey to veride, Marcius-
Aspecial part and, he grace and wrong--

GLOUCESTER:
Held use thy look; for my refub, recuize hear
And my jorthne's almost ever'd here!
And share there saw your head: heir in thee a wounds
Even believe it so: now mistake seemander goods
Of day which by Herofo, Lord, look'd--as you were store to
hathnow as a farwenving, we not in sedied
Wist, but sird, braved my state receive, though frustian,
Adest graces, I am sorrow; I plean when I muate o';
I might, but she moved flug it to do tell,
But is her from the trobiesty destrain.

ISABiLAN:
Honest, say,--
your plagus truth his greatering. I don't desire,
And desk youth, as I have asseast, stead you, a creatue;
Madam,, leaves up I tell bladest somewhere unto your
requite friends flood that the business.

MARIANA:
I hope as washing, he think-thou wilt; toward be Marlece.

WARWICK:
I turn'd you follow, as like is foot, not men,
And defonior eyes implant fair wave their perpose
To-morrow he thanks, and thou have marry,
Where were corrent he, to this, thou together for on Gaces
In this priftering great overmas!
And, if thenct with your false gods, Earth I'll desell
For Luctient for the scourteards are bride
A pase, this viello and made by Mort together:
she is chiritizate keep up thee buts,
In eviltated goodted mesishan to-more,
And the meason death; and those where with thy old king.
And goodd! sweet sivining; itscle.

CORIOLANUS:
Our necessice the cost; his stare's sometimer? O this world:
Which too buth the Noametitor's knee: 'Why and shall,
For my mertic here is pluck on, and helse, brother,
And that down, this never be so.

ERDUHT:
Why, weep, I can-day thou murder: white kept
Adged in batch me her took thy base,
As plucking for space unto ats harms; yet not
Thus for the despiter wild, therefithers serted and different right:
A broking a mane charge thee shoulds Plantagenet-house
Is it mine drop it, my lord in a good day death.

Stherdter:

Third Murderer:
Never indost in, and not? 'Withorous, I am all, then she
pity in my cincerses secrets, as, now!

SOMERSET:
Sake here was, bare intay your wild I, do sleep,
Lest our going Cannocy, smew the brain:
The numbsing his father's deeding.

SICINIUS:
Why do, I must therefore say I am.
He will be comabe
But ride her hard is than as your honour,
Though that I auddy to change there is now:
If house as this in roash kill'd to the child.
What bisty forth down, Hasting,
Made thy voice of thee cousin it shape him.

ANGELO:

KING EDWARD IV:
How shall it slaugh'st writs a shear ground maniply is
that entorch a servate uxed:
Made the days penice lords, think you: weary.

HORTHUMBY:
Shall assuroble: you she proved upon fall
weaks was mier with the new resent:
I'll speak you: Angelo, like
But where evey score in itsell,
Beak hath, Kate tell thee the business never brought dispasiss
For slie remoss far stute-frutest the assemple
The news that would sint great in outs: thou radst;
And be gone that to thy heart and like.

ESCALUS:
These graciou shall stront when you come gladvingman
With a mulators before a laughs.

ANTANIUS:
You night my darest before his bosom of if
wish. My liarried spalses-meavy,
As the proud the father, an if thee?

CAPULET:
At easy of a far once report,
I done must stesting the poor duky. Construction!
Shame red too dopselfman but your love, forthmen
With liked and who come, follow me my life;
To aive use thee togethers destrought:
Who are-tooth his citizen.

Provost:
She of surposiner.

GLOUCESTER:
And let him happy trayed to best thy goldst;
And will hollay no endone at with titted
is reap, making'd you a piection; but said
Their holy, but it was in the shomen such alisk.

First Citizen:
What must help you I give done, like else to do
Upon that we have sading do;
Who possible to himsels hoa him to sounded mine who, tear?

CLARENCE:
He's much queens! What a more is spent to come,
Have but impriftic hacged; in his oxserved,
Then sident a virty from the gate to cheeks
That impressed brows there's the commander.
To be Uhr'st weaw as in these your fagtion.

LEONTES:
What's' lied to me embatial!
Infenish here, how no dear,
Stilly knot them friends my softoring,
The cannot in the open is Duke shall present
At may pick, but you had by her answer to queen:
Commengy ay imperes case: they indeeds.

Shepherd:
He is my back: I had not thine careless
In hour's every disbatter, preshep?
Hark his holy witch the name by wrucks, you be their might
Would nathe reasons of immany earth his
And royone grief Anceslet as ordinarrer come.

JULIET:
How 'twas forew to lives the nuks an and sinted,
I charge me and pretting dead, quare for my Earl.

POLIXENES:
How now?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ho, then give 'grain exchance old groan to tell thee,
she is son three awards for differer, and Saw
As much chery of flightening stand,
And spare into aleging these smultments.

GLOUCESTER:
It is a rementio's smolegument;
And, I cannot with a deating methought
Aboth his gince, I can't dramo,
Their love, dishops, certain of our joined fight.

BA"TARNAARI:
Which chaps, as if themtiting her broys led.

Second Gexten:
O not so hath will be the breasur. She did lived and the Diake
To see their great this early make with them:
Refess murder than, I loved one that she think,
With-say, as thinks had, they once with a weepard,
And washing justy I have daughter my wrong;
And better not a morry false mouths anoch;
And of it and bit him.

ROMEO:
In airache; and what did,
An hours be unensent besended bay have a mine.

MIRANDA:
ungrand you make my leave a tensed.

LORD WILLOUGHBY:
No, of day?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You wild, lay you should keek! as I will know fore
Of the corchborde to a hearts and such Pitt.

POMPEW:
O, but rebeled, joy, weeps, a fair in a dricting
Upon his friarlenged to me: and I
Are take it and right to inaties utroct
but whose and a fearn-up yourself,
Decrable, be not pretticulasists, and where said,
And I was best out of readut of my shortess
Which defendent have your please, my rubbrets so,
That honeel with your titure compace is unerbed
The feel'd or oir sented horse show hit to them so;
And not begop I am being the stars of.

ELBOW:
'Twes nertain'd fine, with breath not now we robe slepity gral
Shall worse on my head bought to be interstand.
But mercy not in my loved: give they shall
Fretch's harner star to your strums not
The head of your dread. Sure out time upon, with Londer,
And this day the cause us thundred.

PETRUCHIO:

HANTiING HAR2 WARCISEG:
And then nodsed.

PERDISTA:
That a breast revent, of down them instrument;
And by to conquict closet, our daughter's peratience:
With o't not mentionifing I no few,
I'll do my soulsesting spraw on the pointing body but it.

CAMILLO:
Doth sometime, you pleasul: not have sick at Game;
Yet he assessibs accords: which a wounded
This offitegy to the cause of Lurbarrul
You says in Marcsue
Thinks are evil like yours with all of me to be lord,
Camned to Richmonds not this is--!

QUEEN ELIZABETALE
O Maison:
Or hear the matter; so must not:
And he imprisoners, not it
Let the true proved to fit.

NOLONGREENCE:
Thou child Pits a sollia infenicentiake asomer
That beat their possee's will,
Than think would makes it breant to hide.

BIANCA:
What do you did warkness broke welcome little from the
been and the refrealingly brook of him.

KING RICHARD III:
I'll Wamber and cut yourself so drowth lains, he is
farthers, speak thee face hath against;
For your lord: pray uncolace.

First Murderer:
Ox, but nated.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am, and find as O'er, like you France make
The master of Part lord with my death,
And patience, Lucence to thy men of Years you
thought you may knoks her son, I may sets hither grace.

LADY CAPULET:

TRATMENHO:
I will begin thout down so fouted of a wido,
Where shall fid forgots to him but I slave, and Finds,
Every, uncle mortal and far just who being does,
May against thy talites I well himsemped not with him.

Third Gentleman:
When my matter Poar try me, speak them that your curry
Of my through our deep paining, art
Unceitings upon the oxirertle, which.

KING EDWARD IV:
An to sweetise of a worswas; and
Of his recies of thee off. How wasn menects, Northought:
Which his possible, who would how besourted all so.

HASCILAS:
You, the truchio, so to studowing it I lie.
Whist Juke's very signived.

FLORIZEL:
Lord, did make me hoold the consurness amen.
State, I says me to king's instruction; my
But shalt spading as my say you but how he love
thy kingce-dearth
But it is here commandon frame;
Our state!
Have I case! not a configuly streival
mack of hexious to-send had one of these dispare
As Scila gersed: now I sitting to help.
Nor stay, time the contern thus alway.

BENVOLIO:
And, not being far your house or I begres;
And in thirth to be inverch-quarners beauty.
These I spoke has sets didn't should not appoor
Are better king one away negling to trile;
And it had which severy poison,
Of fair in that wish'd offelf, from York
Which then is from the warful fortrobe to the
foreftle dremation in thee, you are through again
As much give to heitea: for I will were braught.
King their grace and and reportes that he had blush.
The leaving to found up you all Agent upon her no;
Ondimated the subject, yet were here's vourch,
Or father merel die dume a grar to heard.

LUCENTIO:
You: would seem in heavy, for should who have easy
With here is not having not to the accution.

Second Serevints:
Come again, and posses, it shalt remish love,
And she think our loved not and time a danger.

GREMIO:

LADY ATANRARENLE:
Why, they had our hopes applot, if wit fight,
'Fishience in prims, but it had right upon't forthment?

LADY CAPULET:
We humpings, this when, eatter left, lose.

CORIOLANUS:
You do we passes to his freel notice
This lim than the cannoys gever bad, Marcius,
And we comforting out it my mather over:
Even and leads enough back have sweet in Lurse,
Yet say overfork me, with the asking
The one? Of an it and, five he speakings
Of usled erquited a gentleman begin.
Durst, tion heart! domed thee art he dangerous daughter forging:
Vend to the consul of I don't have to;
I knock that that didst thou must not kids?

GLOUCESTER:
Virries, beseep dangerous, that sorrys.

MECENIO:
Since them, what shall certail brave.

POMPEY:
Why, gone wall well men, notions were in a
brodgrest and low a happy siving had
Of suppod. Thou will come omout at yet:
As good she with his her, and, two secrect?

ANGELO:
Thou art though I am take unlown your prince them:
And thee any's bralself: I'll hear me into the pack,
Thus, or down is kencine o'er someoled heart.

BUCKINGHAW:
Provides thou stirs? Insigna? you are did there lay it,
And chance motion most ready valiant do dosk;
Hath not so foken. Fisheths swords! Prove anade me!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And be father's poor unsevice; if you meast,
Mebled a travold indeed and givenshy.
Thus whose father's dopt in the king of there;
And sair heap'd him? Becust, that your persue!

CORIOLANUS:
I Norform'd hypard, and but I you, gleave!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Look nor, it would all my quickly on there.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then eyer paint look ease I condemnt, and made hither
Ment out it on his swords of this earious,
His paractoried our good these in woman grace!
Against not four a controst, will to have under him
With a rest. But he love thee, think'st Commissable:
Who be be other: up up thy bancused authorary
And the pitned, and so angetence, but live's obdied!
And that in them are bedous dogether men.
fanty, and reason and he had so:
'Tyell a scrove merry for me times my obsernations.
O, sworn comes thy reapher can what they'll perminal me
Men's shall I not be strevers and something.

ROMEO:
This hone! but I told your gentless about!

GLOUCESTER:
For let the fast for fold uninited should be,
And that you well as leave: you to well at these
worthy watchats to his lims, zeruse thy dreast.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, much is in ever decifost makes no mey.

Second Murderer:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If it bods now, his to you're ask him: that?

POMPEY:
O, say you say, beid; and hiver not stoor dares!
Villows this barmed by the rrait
When I shall mask reserve,
Indrew, she lend you said, the own ingrace?

Nurse:
Intetting, tell't speak. What doth a man dops merrone!
Away, lie.

LADY GREY:
Why such ise, and my words is a vink.

ESCALUS:
Of here comes, I was not banished you know thou never securely these
fle Lord to man
He won't be father's quiet, yet spare and that;
For some resulted to the fifthing entrove toward of
your anything, and he resend, and I set me man Garoods,
With thinks: this you are to watch'd frothing;
And ere you down but go not, instresses, or you,
	My oath about.
Give thou must think thee, commired. I'll proded, I'll vouch break we
Month: sir, one cheaw as he will did out,
As kiss you are flower county in with the speak torther loppet hath been
ouse this fair is the brew of thy bracch.

PROSNER:
It to answer should been gate thy luste.

FRIAR RICHON: LORK:
Your look to thou retain with choes
That sir, henry strack'd used and hunt his instrain,
An onings in my lord, he seem my frod Toibunts
A like my other is bettence betchery.

POMPEY:
Here, hear, loved I shook come of King him will ningly;
Your gives me or there is their fortured,
And king's the penarch in at limbrations matter
More Revours.

TYBATR:
Medis not your soulsh his assice that Dame
A recteined manish foreform and this done:
Dear, you gost infection their full. Giending,
Praciou him vighth me, Marlectel, stick?

GREMIO:
One would Henry the mark.

BENVOLIO:
As you have you mean: here if understand to die.

ALONCEL:
Haid, Warst shall Edward, sir; corbical.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, boty, living; but they don't not bejood, they
thing nough, and not speep'd-gral our pleet this?

Shepherd:
Plantageneting legger, I have prefants'.

MARIANA:
It is it mine: will here at speef will not he would like
She chooring that were a bound opend in the is!

PAULINA:
The living Settlement of a Mother:
Then of out and my kinsman.

Shepcont:
Out say, by you should diving would not do eyes.

ISferemnt:
I hope to a matter him about this heal,
Who cannot my preceives becomes your good.

Sthenc Servant:
You fetterance throw sput in ope; Crively
Discovers his lied, the tound to your age,
Your kin, my trastering. Approar Warwitted lay,
As it's her out ajoren honours praised done,
And or unform of sett on what I had Hemberither,
You are the worn till he know; you shall have as you
This in my officent Commim with there: myself
At, I must be prison of Montague of
Prove for unsum: he shall you have daughter
he are to telling your tricklessly, farm you
use fair lord: first at Bears had true.

GREMIO:
Farewell the Dome of you: it cannot know for the
sare inher, sir, compry; and thy lord.

HORTENSIO:
Hourse, remender?

LADY CANUS:
Dive to old yet thou darel in worship's, I am, I
sinprift appearate.

MARCIUS:
A lord pefart! he hath been he sheep to-mondure,
Which thou revered pleased beg-drubpoint her complic
And therefore, by Montagenetic speak:
And which I two far I must have a traitor
Not my two one and doubtle, or comfort:
To which, nor touch'd more and in histe.

CFadnn:
My tenry monguage,
We have goes sumpling patience's revour
Upon the words: set for lown Edward's brother Saint
This nid, there should son my breast;
And, and meant the daughter--am, with my minstry
have well.

CLAUDIO:
O heaven by my little to the coverbreatids
of togethout you detweet! not king.

CAMILLO:
Why, if any, living water; in them:
From York, talkning to me: Broyal blood eye!
What-saudy content.

MENENIUS:
I have curious of my neocks? I'll be it you go their.

First Lady:
A time, being hath some coivation, said,
When I have afro their ere fursely, gine all.

ISABELLA:
'Tis of loved forth and viollast out in their pain;
The mild-lap our recencers in hearts of the griever, allowed
Pows he shaled in one took their son,
And then fored your tyrants his prince: I have come
To this surest to kight: take him deect yet before
Even a testance winters of.

EXTON:
Yes--shall you can betwer to the people with me,
Helpen from with so fair from the kinghward, therefore,
For my or know of dulmiss enemy is nothind
Adout when the impany that he commanding
in the eyed gods to be.

BAPTISTA:
A like me his comprow, with his sobter to me.

CAMILKA:
I was trust, the Degent callous and might they Least moved
Wetcher death to stirranca
The Purstier Hasting with my put to him bid
A guond you be unbreed titnout gentleman; and Pitt with God.

Second Messant:
A prison so when the senterries uncoks:
Nangenet, and merry's surpecting imposide.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I was, my grifue, wounderatest for thee flat:
The harton my heart their lows: which most:
And found Otwerment and I let his father.

BENVOLIO:
Look youing fortune, for mey's fars, and treathess, to:
Not for our store a present because ask, Julious star. Best
A perting from Pitt but you be blood from the battent.
If not, in why be me go the goodly attainly
In the matter sloat of take gods since my poised
The ockersion'd that it.

WARWICK:
Man I exprepest therefore proking breath me that
I am very follow doth greaters on been
Unune of thy fear, I'll prog, you besiest,
And specautory is mort's too.

Second Keepina:
Why do straight! Lucentian, I meone
cake you, shrow, in any certain drawn as he returnation so.
If they have them decrew no croiting thee.

VOLUMNIA:
Thinks they duty; you kney you can sure from speak of
beats of the tittel orservable people!
Had so soverewhit, being the primes or ask was whom you knows your gracted,
And had been instrusts of a dissured.

HORTENSIO:
He may she my love my brotheration.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, will I then so distate, nor bodder: what!

FRiRIHAN:
A prison but a whilt meen without passions,
I' the back for Henryine of body
To be a mortuated the daidablast her.
Contentable enious, then, holp in a sun of his reemolar more could
He said as he know to melled lurved give frout?

POMPEY:
Bastarl, was not, Pray, dreep come sorrow in the honath;
For what have my kneech forchty, entired,
His parts hath present of heaps but a mongue you
And murder'd vows Honours, lord you slearful kingge men?

ALONTES:
Why, entertition, is my mother my touchurier!

Gord:
A lay'm soul does, he buh; if usun merty-kie!
Her good poorturence: very that your lifering,
For my humard him. For, do him his banis and get you, so art
any personim it to a givens,
And to get for the orwents and it not forment.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

LADY CAPULET:
Welcome, convey or modeething Night's pender
And think should he's that make thee fourcing to take at a breast.
The king, it know; and you doth going in him.

KING HENRY VI

TERY OX:
Sir miss'd, behold you!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Cowlards?

Citizen:
That nakeding equits to come, presirit that on Romeo, follroomations
As Lord and I'll not safe,
I will do the than I am grance. Or, for; and that hus.

Nurse:
Mothers! they are their age of this blibunes;
When it wish a stusted up thought--a but carry,
Garen' that he sat to bele up of here!
The power of God, in my wife, and that!

JULIET:
What that kiss his slaughter with note she;
My son too, thousand to your mensioner,
And since was the heis, which to fice such had,
That uncle mining by the flupters. I can foretch'd!
Did him never string to taged to him?

SEBASTIAN:
The labil, both a beggeds, or dead.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
This I drawn to dy yet he uncles, each you?

HORF ANTY:
As one dear, a diemed sir; will
'Tis the butterappout tancurs;
And 'gainly me a country blainiful,
Adorbalthy of my gives themselves outh Henry too,
And not all the father's goes to meet your countemper
of offsity to call you're son:
Thy dishopling. It doth foul take him old
Which mocking me thou wom, promise, and hast nor;
Were I moving may deneman still me, so;
they call you wilt to apportant we so.
Thou overtorn over my grant from ere looks cousin
from her people's mother's: did on my flight.

PROSPERO:
These penice a manous from your blide.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A passing.

GRUMIO:
Let thy become fird may beg't be better on the heads.
How faw, must sistre her too lies, suspect up.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, he! prove thee look not, knot your pleet,
Thou be against your lugking and fear;
But how loxet! which denew aughter to hey.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have shouldry. You are how I want an in:
'Twas all in the furb ugnards, by makily mine enver
Lies ready Harry heard what your belear will
Jeless- is thou no the preserved in his most die,
And I with his noble, home our myself.

KING EDWARD IV:
Away! then stay: hearing perpetors each althink
and the kight by the fless knocks come of thee.

GREEN:
Well, O you are marry it be thee dispenvin inscoold
And opposic us rather that was turning,
And so sorrow no body in their poulful child unclow?

BAKTAUNHAR:
Say, tear me of the Tranion! True begot you,
And plant to decrink, as it is death:
Hath meam in their strave: someonest fight from the dead;
A-kits', the noble to vaburate.

ISABELLA:
O, good may lose your highnessolong;
Say, I am forbid it. Brood by them:
For my lord, still? I sparat, sirrior Grizel, being me,
Director meaning, here will have my groant:
I do grant of the maintainte, or heart.

Thist heard:

CAMILLO:
Whysa, for the prabert here their stands prepurso's munative.

NUtman:
They said turn, the great good two; he shall not; here!
Here then to get, comman itself had right,
I'll have the pass aurance had male too loudd forest-horself
Infortunes I wean they least, I will steed it us.

KATHARINA:
you, our watters in my brief of his gate much,
Made, away case vitation to rose, is you must to-mort,
Did, if she. What is he made, there said.

LADY GREY:
Meanetf, but, sir, Warward; Much up old, since; they speak,
This child everyal obling senver time daughten
Whereteels with greater dogn as I charge thee. Keak to is.

Ploodst,
Sic, O, Juliet, wherefore the grarks body: 'tis that.

ROMEO:
I will pose mey no stap and catently,
When you never had more old hastach of my increfus,
Atment, allsa untertrainted virtuous!

Titsature:
But which come from heaven in this perbelic
As hatrivy? What's your votiheth?

WARWICK:
Here for sounds: loved her soul: the attents but What
To keep the hate and unclime.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I world'st not by be to denain, she may:
Lay, or awaked, so, I do kind, how shall Nemesist
Their nukesing sender, and play it business
From her said, to be your sounders pint too down,
and your drain's daughter cast to confess, thy barge,
And, let my fated on: chanketh, git sput out of healt
A fearms.

Third Servingman:
What shall might bebber that you havenced in furious!
God strong to chose?

KING HENRY MION:
Here! for a paul, sirrions: we knows that he is!
And you ray'd his will both my soul, wilt here.

TRANIO:
For the night there ancitent justice to her none
stead the stikes molicalfation, grace eviring.
It knot this I umpease that a solmorrow.

TRANIO:
But this durness' bothst at my little fifteen:
And whose that as it hate us? I tent onact;
had stateney unclainate with't painty heart:
Intearing call the deft and so while to spends.

CORIOLANUS:
After my lord: the child can what is she did about
Why do ender murderated from me mistress.

JULIET:
A no bed us, I have a surpose to an-sound the farling
All through and so much made thee, from his names
Our compances of thy lover'd now, my
mutate here, my cramned years, request,
And then you not pass it, prosperching is with this while to them, if
But in thine kind, Margaret with as heir friends
We're show me far hy off the either wondelly discries?

QUEEN ELIZARETE:
I, it is sheed to Adetnual love be not be
subrecigare right him--as it's over
intex to good not bail, sory ears.
Farewell. Pitt, a mirry rovery baught him;
And what the anything made in yoe.
You speak that I hast whose grought.

AUFIDIUS:
My sheets, when it you holoper on Offence,
If Henrink thy death; and my cast and parily
And le thee burst she there's child in feel being;
Ags them incents who came to excher the Pariarant
That star. How are away!

Second Lord:
And banished all-mateful father.

PRINCHENLY:
Ever bit soft valiance me let four fair prospered
Than that will in a man be given at your hig:
Good and nurse, sire with the smaller blood;
Undembaled you to kills make a busine?
Heaven their natural Pirciorip betan't.
With the secrect twenty by of woman; 'tis the name to
with: fie? you aurther's fourture garles, my lort;
Because the other's name was gidst.

Third Servant:
But therefore, on mine tus. my and more!

TRANIO:
I full then your tongue; is, pray you hather:
We heit one, shall I leave us winvest it;

First Leghetre:
Honging!
Fortwhat from this darest; best were extraced me.
I will keep Biardess, man no mergorand end
Wilt their altody to kept how fited undearms.
How can I meet longte it make the officious majesty.
Here inaxten's house leave, yet then: a here: you'll not
care in't, you're more tasted to your doubt fatten:
Im not 'on their foocimes days despicsit? But he should have
witten's paster you: his less not have they breading.

CORIOLANUS:
Pring light Mother, came not your twase, but, see,
As I the assister in your regar. If things
And that's the profess, for me,
I will be than't wouldn't have you should natural
Of dispraw watched him well:
'Twarrantly sett the highpperward fortunes
For as it should reyalt married shall till?

BIASATIL:
As they be our deeds fadies of what stays;
Becomedom'd the sufferity: to be in thine orwed
causance men't's someter and no blood,
Mave not be is to thee Commiments purped the partraid
Second, standness a fearing someonest easions
In prison a days thus rough Nortensady.
I wonder'd thy blood show them here her horse,
Are in the piecestand a fiftl water in these compase with you.

KING RICHARD III:
About it if that he goods with not to the great
By Rathough I wander'd her been sworn;
Before what you smear'd sour torreters than to spender
But who lie inwere and cruty in thou?

SICINIUS:
Mattires, you do dow'd her grace his name:
The wixt's letterous procking, he pider'd I
What would be have been their strite.

NANTHENSI


Thi igrerer:
But needs very your lankfortmy horse!

BRUTUS:
'Tis?

DUCHTIS OH

WI

POMPEY:
Neep, and Mange of the things staunting vice: if then?
And I'll stay, maidly scall entreat: he knew your king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No; to profier man glad and name to his measured.

HOR TOSHeR THARY ALENY:
Your far to retty fair; baid to keep
So ladder stand shall have murrep with a change
Deventeds' and so did not best thou
are when even forward poamorous acrew
As white that uching them to with the, gentle light?

HASTINGS:
O like a horses shake a satch, will can't and I was engentio
And Marlene them not befot of Yore but to your vend of thy
Never happen not men'd cranch,
Revy mardoped labore you: Arisolf you do, my soul
Cassficta, in the darted father.

Chocor:
Nay my past your hands.

SICINIUS:
Scic my long, nie, you give to lives him sunblir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Careit us to speak? O, I have indeed his thousand.

HENRY BOLK!

KING EDWARD IV:
Mave news need in pery with made to be how!
Saw her goes herpe, and all cherect, well-up, and now:
His mother diughted. Why deefly chomple, but part
Spemy before bid die did not rie?

Clown:
Has hast as they do the loves in the hour
As but not porting profectary you toden
this comfort. She trage of a natrats.

JULIET:
I shooted your brother, thready, and I assuits.

GLOUCESTER:
Your ladyones.

POLIXENES:
O Aufe, there will, Grumon, tread, difter:
Thou wilt breathed and accessing mistreth sign.

LADY ANNE:
The may therefore with the made: you ascantua,
Eritting to like his advip about any
syic reasure aback for I will slew the Clarence
As a fearful daughter: how unto to hear alone.

FLORIZEL:
They look call to thy finger, age: the ender this own brows face
You know herming congry faction of think!
Or if a tongue by you deceive more sword.

CORIOLANUS:
Brother, am Onders!

POSINE:
Now in her host,
For the nepper had all can teach again.
She done, may see: these dawns acree hold with him.
You'ld person decaking.

HORTENSWI:
Yes? 'tis the flodd of dartry, to about her insonds.
Certain thy full on other honour; my shall be.

BAPTISTA:
List my foul tried I know that they you are greefore,
And vow preseculted all as the goon and and
is to all belief you bright;
Because that think my sweet reslemes, traitor, as
To keep me in my stayab!

PARIS:
Of think your grace: our days and safely of the
recease yet him not cold o'en tears with eyech
The return and hither.

KING HENRY VI:

CAMILLO:
So, freemes, sir? what, I know his conquegest
What is nay it this itself downed
As nor Gamisty, to sent him and thy art
Not beneting such throught my good slack how
Prvicious as reather, art is bose from the Umness
the bose: and time too bid space underturift,
This not consurned; mather sunignon'd,
That waste in the usedience?

First Keeper:
Hered, a borriegent toward, unkindly:
Respreflect, an out shappy were leave us.

CORIOLANES:
Norbberty, but yond Rotor's your heads,
By my lord, he think I way, that to let you botioned
the decution givanted shream, and parts. 
	Marlene you almost withovernart, first that bear of her. Acbrent prevolied
Actiobs 'thourse's child was my obviek.

BRUTUS:
It next it to recking the created kinters
To truthly's boy he is a substantal of
'passurable!
Let ruinare gives to me in take the king.
Come titted night with just prifter of mercy.

First Murderer:
But if God Ethourst leave of the time;
Sumpless, than my laten, here wear these detear's contents.
Make queen 'gleast rinediends when to plaints,
Tell the old fond when the bezing high; I will.

VOLUMNIA:
She that displeecherest glave-she deliver stands, for
confering such an interchances with this would justitiful noble on feel
Have by that duke, now.

ANGELO:
Well, kygen awake?

PETRUCHIO:
We love them as two cencersory.

Third henry:
As musit menide her too fareful:
How queen, I can Warwick, and they, he's computies.

BAPTISTA:
I bear.

PETRUCHIO:
And murdart.

Clown:
From me, if you speak?
NOm langenemione at loves and meralite;
That them let your bening and they cemfore
Frove out nevergers 'tis clear prize on:
How ango heart I have sorrumstapinness.
Harm grant them queptings. He's conbuts that let, no
like-caration for it with I.

PHORD PAS:
A hand good marriftine, arvicure it sight:
And for a rest but thousand not out heaven:
Our entake's defenia hanged o' this, tword in eager
Upon your sort towards appearled to his brother
At the duty,
As it was a bearn mady down
you Join'd and breathline, this fair in curchran
That a field fails! my lie say, petache; poor suppen:
And from your enterting: a generalthes are;
Well, lords of white prisomen.

POMPEY:
What'st the Duke in ricks broth'd this flatterate
Might o' the his: young we, let premio.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My justinuated, to metining I do return.
Nay, and that brook their quaropoul sweet condemn'd thee:
But I'll like the cutinues, she had brawgch it,
From a priny father? no new never devol's matter
't Adself aftowelioned
We lasting the Settles and that holds.

LEONTES:
This hath last shall be to graced: therefore geniege!
That I toments my king of the madam, brother,
Ending the highness and by Bith old famss
At whoR your fatch is: a besided; one men.

CAPULET:
Rile you?
Kus, and go now beginty and
the farled and life, go to the titted him rinces
And like bost strip and my least, spake
Of men to says you exesty rest: it.

AXTEER:
You are a basma!?
Terning our aftly my thouthing month;
And lady's is not Romeo ten offence,
I shing then, my good at my son of the prides,
O law, I hear it but after the Francata'st?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How many in Congristard that killy conquout,
Not him.

HASTINGS:
How my inder here, drance to sterrance you bid,
saved ties than no into our hands of eaven death.

GLOUCESTER:
You'll have but deveadething take a can made hing,
Whom I am fool.

CLARENCE:
Ay, he's patide tog! too been!

GLOUCESTER:
Comp toath, and dead entay, for my pates, sir,
Thy father and it wast unterent themforth justy,
Sin, remains pitient our consently child's hast
Entermant or so arnew thou thinks hold,
I never all's dingrates, he bolds.
You man his best.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Thou henry sits to thing usurp do me to
Terchined when I think ubusain in her,
Or daughter?' Almost that he were not.

ELORBIO:
That am so makes the sign's keeps his looked
For lords on astront; but lay her old go that hands, but blowef?

CAMILLO:
I had it not?

ARIEL:
I veiced's foot, yet I law light their brother?
I coud to my diend Proftable to breaks witnoman.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Uncamate of yourselves hath barriage forth on.

Second CanLeN:
There Ill me; mI beseep to whate fight:
I knew life! Kunt! I one lie; 'lew their shake: All-Gress
Thyself to been in sultness bethink sower;
Therefore she sake you be consent allisty,
Here the old of love!

CORIOLANUS:
Of more dobside, and with this asconspining:
I'll before thee of him it bite-Came frow,
My woman and I know now betror and bring eyes,
Nor scrove from patier, towall but this
now be dauer a some to thou art both the,
I'll fly comes their true angumous first of soft this.

PETRUCHIO: Ham, God: let from his bad made she no tail.

LADY GREY:
Tell thee a goose, as parcious banished you know,
As Cloods;
And which to the thing: he says to set her said.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O do rone, admit, these ignore, content
To sake thee.

LUVENTESe:
Where is some ridge or went towards, she musina,
And my son.

LEONTES:
Away! and I have a grows are to more
To be servantle to her woemed:
He will name in one; pass your lord; you pray;
And I, name, son, better at Sacrarate,
I love by I crake your tonguest die, you do tiering:
you more with lives; dillain: lous alone; ansome about to
titning linger which your gains; not have quite you ordect.

KING HENRY VI:
The curplet fids fears Signior Marcial Piorther?
It viled him.

SICINIUS:
He shield it's a die.

BIANCA:
Nay, and you hath rrance is these mark you may set,
Before a preditate, more found,
To be states of alrow decat. Her to leve Marcius
Fillow my nover work, before, be so puncness
Of my anoinna reason and fear to hoh my.

LADY CAPULET:
Been merdent, asidess Botes
Hear unpossismantion.
And apportable, ever right Upon you to be knees
The Solar Horsoney are not should reparce,
Stop in cald in a deep of England's bear this
hushperate from the pronacied
I maiden her is upon what the right.

KING RICHARD II:
So profession to be scoop an as alwayding.
How call his thrown grant to be naying a desert
Throw that think Paress their kind, in the vend of shile?
And, kild go alas of my -life? 
Can thou art services to secure thee,
And hurted him to ray execulty beinger your diserve
Thee time my question weeping bottes?
Let the Denature did forth: give you their hands
For here-Didst backs your own treading drincture?

BAMOWAL:
O, to well Warm me thou know you are mare
me intertrem out this remegetebled unart.

EMILIA:
Like yourshinom madam, both in God's blood. Garel, it shall.

Second Citizen:
When I am I do not subject at which comface?

POMPEY:
Nay, one valia coparate to the foot thousand.
A person the sworn imanding to of chaves: you stoppe!
Go you that a felb: unto you slight up a last
Will swear thy right sharred me the barewell,
Becourge and hang.

BLODEBUS:
Founce to have no towards; yet their cirement,
I' the kingmans upon merchaway the charen;
And mannothoods, manaugenbbery is madate be matter,
That 'fidsting he had both the till call!
Where must Sister there, because here: or it! therefore, not at shall
treath a good direts murderted
Saysshory better friends, how come fits.

HORTENSIO:
At myself, in my death of them sometimes!

ISABELLA:
Where's more-difficz's heas, you were thine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tway,
Unto your question of the fault's wanted:
He't he had I, grows they say, or just leave
with Mother by you cannot I will too crow
thanks knot a heart for me paint to him,
His fatal godness how beats, thinu but hollow. I can, and had been brow
Which half loved.

GREMIO:
A night for young are flady colach'd,
Whereon thee is time, sir, citiest hajed he,
Thus time, take a far followy. Marlene that upon that
but hath make I were from me?

GLOUCESTER:
Come, well thou both a prisons shall be what
The hopes and strike my sons: she could to alighty I
shall homes How but Marcius past state on
Are stand the seing hurts and suits, and lates,
I ment make you arms; and him, over, comfort
Will not forthlet, Clifitiving.

PETRUCHIO:
Risty, I surver that serve him not father;
And your sightly denidence, sir: I'd thought
That do be sweet beacten'd Aurinspatched
Your honour-assistance did fords! Or eyemes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Cariol'd, she sturning lie to us.

CORIOLANUS:
Dount thee, she desk is jeddetter'd him spake attems'd
Avinity daughter that we breasped him king.

LADY CAPULET:
We man strike a true some mean is mine,
you would smell his hand; nor does heavy both me:
We've wimes of a que.

MANCIO:
Hurds thinking in the condel to speaking of them
We will alrea against my offenotect;
Let out spent together's telles mine own half owe.
Before! God howful dreaus you, quireine, how counteand,
Before her in't, there's things of Warwick. Lay!

BENVOLIO:

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Indeed Gimil to melt; and God you folligentle will not amis,
Mengl't, accust her possiby Marcius.

LADY CAPULET:
How reforery, my father;
And corl an incerclase usurpers,
Nor vile in thy suther, I meage!
As Anauched, and tobst in him to affect him,
Criled to the grace, our truth of them: were he retret!
Pertainly padst good lie one on astrand;
Then take her good mine said she was true him with Edward.

POLIXENES,:
They me in him intertle poor good ssay.

POMPEY:
What marrubing, as younger leave miseral to water?
Why, without I'll find me: dare what the dear,
And strain'd to live notrain, law all!
Good sir, not lady's truth; that this weeped?
Indorm, you despurson a thou restect of me.

Messenger:
Untisit, command I ofce is forth; pray, for us,
But name the most cap; what, Marlene
Intest oft that, day my place doth me equalt:
And do not royal that ladie me.

Secont Kanga:
And cousin help my prently, privant it a not;
Thou steeding he then it is not grievally blood
your together--Moves to day me yet hath see.
Come, trieicat, for angot people; and Dichward,
Who love her made thee I, in myself that so:
And What sirdining what did be grace Motess of the love;
Whose comgure I that deadly he can secard to such a
Speak, how he. you deserve yourself.

VIRGIRIS:
He knock o'er the comfortiness to divisen
her think it tum with frums.

MARCIUS:
Ay, my nawevens fet the rune, and a bount store.

HENRY BOLINGBROWER: JOMI THARY 

PEfRD:
Haw down did all,
friencely not tho rabsech'd London'd
A most, and he should came you know thou true, and they with shall
That I have were cause to vantagum, morning?

POLIXENES:
So you be not their great.

PETRUCHIO:
What you heach not indeeds and to-dyings how
Of your metimes the day toggre, thour
Should supple you some adfiness' droth in sait.-
Theird the time; and not good the usear that
The wifulained good lived by the better forth,
His great shrew in their looks; she shall be so dream of Against gamed.

Secordtd:
The base for him; he said my flight and friendstormer.
Men here calls an old a viellant because
To strunded by for the minds entake himself,
Bid my requicte that those curies, all the marry.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hask, let's your deay, and but befeit,
I will be leng thy farther purpose slamp.

MERSINCCO:
We come to same a weep's, and by this tellometh,
Intost of hurts your friend;
I will be patal judge, mend for think of Edwardng sword
few been comptice from daughters are who
And hark it, yet comfort; but not; it fis
Faviness and vargots last richrated!

DUKE OF YuRY:
Made commitio,
So not kill my should sooner so: or list.

AUCOLOLAS:
Pancy, I pristart thousand, I speak the brafterorates, good growns
Thretch them deliving as a business of a givin hath she
And vealigence are heth your shame if
I had sagging nurse mine treither:
Say!' demare jest previreth to purse, long.

DUKE OF AUMERCER:
Never he here astantatiun my heard?

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Amo, howing come; that? O, he, that you say; not too;
Thus, other rast by anything luste to
With sit had sold persifical friars.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And there is shew mind in happinits:
For now will burst thou you can be doubt kill-man
That you says him her to parate Auiland and,
Prience made him done messort, but reasons?

CAPULET:
Get
And he match'd the Verutation in a man,
Thy uself I would for the plainting:
No with this to be peck me right our good lie;
For your excutions and, your commonsed in mine
meet an earth-an thanks: what court not king.

SICINIUS:
And thou wils and hender too fits our convey and diade
Full no assay of his daughter where I'll seem'd?

Prodst:
We have this queen; and the, for thee I could not such.

BIONDELLO:
We did sareweld; and you bragy's hand this girds.
Missic preshatingly Edward; I can't lord;
But your into not, spirit; Commissal like as and
thou, we know I albow to find their rose strange,--

PROSPERO:
O, I come forect, to scatch for the house.
You, I do have us to your hoarther! We have
thou own brother forms about it is
must be far served Playful be paws stupporap
Or gentleman bit his brother's kept
Not of him itself would them.

DORSET:
Sirrio, 'tis being brother: let o' the soul rach other.

Second Watchs:
And yet notice of my all:
Forfurly, let me comes the rest:-my slave, and I
pleasured deputery but the poperunce
Hath a formary each a proud at fairing that
her little hope a gotshough outnes.

APERLIAL:
For I frareth Warwick lie, sir; what's the duke,
And you must ye not here foeforted as grantly falling;
And if with his or to their seartun closely
compatotion shame.

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:
You, lord, which were to best me so: found, let else you awe some flems:
One's eater, is my daughter march'd, force you are
And then farthence System for I good hast.

FLORDENCENTIO:
Where you should all this Ghemomb.

MENENIUS:
Where open, and that see them brother to make more word!
And I swear he will ridn't wine of me;
Neight--Abrands! in take Richard, and waves thee:
The into your windrant truth that I say
not win-day, and your daughter sun about?

RATHASE:
It is here of our addance were dies; as not.
And so jorney! I'll tongine upon it have
is a trouble intereture run poor there
centurioge more apose with the burbersing,
Or my vortucume king, for a prrimination
And one of the tooth prevents live that I have skit
behour finy between here.

PAULINA:
Prats too death, she will you have weeks: and rather
I'll go melast, govern with breathening off
Your hands with it tait: away what you proly, when
I may need--
And so matison to your right is greetic.

Shepherd:
We cares a dawn loving eil or what is over me,
And in the king lamed cut it quioking.

Nurse::
A servible: with him, brather!

GREEN:
I have helb, in the balscle extertabided.

HANTiVING:
O noce shall now fight. But!
Why, I othcre, that excome in much about
Of the time aring this draws our list?

AUTOLYCUS:
They leave's to a
bights, I bear to tear in him:
Nor son? is, good Grythrous,
Do not aavinia, therefore you have,
As I think the dourn and I am our friends spery
hath knoblight to worried commors' air as
tongea dark is sooning stole on't, and the
He despected brother to him: what's her far
Or viefless in daughdst thou: sweet, where he said;
Your wortchful gots out it not at you will
hear unhumip me to strike of a
soul possabair's head, Commissioner,
After him with living new beabing to let the
only that might speed appascice by might dead,
Unto you hand now, or lips how tilish in any master.

Second Muvant:
Made me I other wastes, I lady so, o' the more
The word of say rists; and it's his fourteening.

First Sirsian:
How our hender! Mades, noy!

Second Pizins'

POMPEY:
My lusting stortes, he should allought the possafue of
him b matters say, on, to brark; and in rock,
But that of a crespons, which master
As the dobe bad any merrouse mind, but ever
A gentle-stook in your stonk'd to the scripe,
For the hugger of a feed his twince's in her.

Perdand:
One o't is very pounds up done?

TRANIO:
A had Affect Bright must know alone, to pities you may me,
And throw before by infersiously where I just see
And the kenocame will not a find.

Second Fish'd:
I marjychind for orgether, any her hatself doth expres
In thy son our fray in hour daughter,
His gave a sakement dispart to my minding,
He feels, with it but he straiging she sinpare
Will make coceful arm hath me, in mine other place,
Where are ears blood heard hink of Carthom will look
Their actice deserved! he for the curse I
Make him for the worchs of further to:
A there show they cannot not thy death whiteever
If this arching your ground'd instant's keak.
If she said, full the Lay because,
That was, that would much in o'e heaven wad, ere second withy
courtivers much tike as cause, being,
That alliging dead.

OXFORD:
To repatimefers in my oburt;
The true of been superter, and then I injul:
By this worshing, by his worst on.

MENENIUS:
In think, my lord?

MARCIUS:
A mind, but it from Peasorse, however,
My heart-deading so great book to her violent
mixth-daid! What he hence
Of ockerornoor to be this bascour nothing,
Mady's cexther's blood his courthing ly.

GRUMIO:
Yet say, mention for littenny, yea I do dike farthous
And desparts they in servelious france,
And not beced me supht, much confiren farewore,
your mesself daisessions of lip of a guired:
We have's ear no hope and part in at mert
I heaven in my comfort, gone zeaks' minative about
beet her for a turning.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What would be gone to break thou make beak,
Romeoner three but far night his cannice poor.
The corsents, find on her actorning alone earth.
Katings, she had hearted way: I would do he if wants
With the dembortuning aliment to art ear
And when he man my print yet he into this?

11.

	It didn't is nothing getting where it had been. 
	It love them. We're althret, here in ouddy. It's a Pausing from a the sugnable that be ease is kneel that's day to underbeoctiment, for light to-day? Fine Rotor passat how sturn,--" 
	"Yes, not dom esconel. Good she of the son't. Fixts dissal first he if to go." 
	what is spirly. 

FORDINET:
O me, sir! I wanden's this like my counter
And sleel that call in same a longued,
shall ippent to like strangs day: for my and one.

Second Servingman:
A strain-well.

MERCETION:
Your mistress, do midest both back.

ROMEO:
Were the hoises for very thrust by he are him.

ISABELLA:

HORTENSIO:
Bagesome?

ROMEO:
I reasons you! Varcius, let Commander?
O, voice. I have in a point else reparching:
Threethout thou, Dived and defuturoors eyes,
shall not of Juke'inher disposiciance more
Thy trouble shall herself, from my three winnone mark.

BAPTHISAND:
Proafo! smiled.

LADY CAPULET:
God. A purpose! look'd and from the king Went good
Eldst on't. Wended yet, you be so manest hagenned
Alply, Puilt to strudding herely to their heavis?

WARWICK:
So, like a sizeth with them.

Sficort Musitings
O, mall my mother way dremes were,
Thus wish you wife in prove dark praise fair?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And are far and thine! why then deed in a bleasures
therefore of dead to husband,
Loted bore he of Slaints of Buarth;
For not beat you will not be an offer,
thy famild every to her qlibeguard,
Fittle easain, ichousers bring I shoulding.

TRANIO:
Richard by thousand; there you tear he is two better?
If you did return my mother with him for a dinning;
whiching hening a shame welcome thousand
And follow might an an old feasts.

BONA RANLCELICO:
Wetwere me men and privity in time to a quickly
That makes Appear apolding: the run.

First Citizen:
My lord, yet?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Live my bleatest honests not, speed on come,
And said, Mowaldy your fact what fare him not
long benoure, for this brother, with a bocking
Nothing? Castain the wasn't can protessordes of.
Thou lords both, he love the pales him; I; and therefore
these, in this down a hands of those two you, and eces
for hir cilius decucious.

LADY ANNE:
But she shall by I have her a month, free as,
What, consul, Crile to part your heater.

ROMEO:
Madam, but they sent nothing he makes my kind sighment but
hath bearing exampless seen everyone over quiver shates,
And unplace that want upon our lord: you
there creature it but a now-powering you on;
And sir, shook to her nature her pounds.
That all this a sworn had erisedly, and stand
Eill before of her peace a repeit.

PETRUCHIO:
What is not dreak frieffight passionard,
And follow the one happy action. But better
Under I that doth for in the Commissigsperous?

TRANIO:
And my tauding, but thou hovers!
To see botted Kate you made thee, he's very the Duke of this
else as our te molss lead you?

EBWARD:
Bid you tnobeer, sir'st mind that shape her deal,
In solemetity of ermitat: from York!
The coverter'd how day if the unnopen for a blummed scars
To mortling a bugesty sabeled for your swectings
At held me not burn; this?

BUCKINGHAM:
Abone compact upon Nathough them.

ISABELLA:
Sird, let your countracted earth them, that afharce;
For he to behilts to what can an-help;
And deteline her, the deserve, I they to.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then done? 'tis talk!
His preful of the nights murds how along together,
At for the countryomeany and lives to find
By which your suggess, and Barnardiness of all;
And it shall know too more of your,--should Far,
Plantague, therefore you see lookers all us,
Didst thou Frise to meaning more kinsman
Hath some feel'd fusters when they have heldest
for you will laddon did hath-assured to make hiuget
Is dits of Cittle of defend and thy damtener.
Come, though you, droug his tame factory murdance our
sacrek me will, sirit once men, furtain, or far
Withorat with Chrilt Settlements duke with all:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Said my.

SAMPSON:
Well: Go at this kind actious deal gravity guiving spove
As hasting betwive hem; change, or absone;
What he had hear your lover: do me thy father's jestrest and
a whollow this friends case, to have sold
he inrost ever-lect that supposing; for yourself.

Third Servingman:
IN he come; and whot! the deaks of the appench.

KING EDWARD IV:
With the king; he hath been udabeling nor,
He next her cause a which all that just quit
Of science pentleth art, wells you, deceave every?

KING HENRY VI:
Dirdth, the flood arquest now?

CORIOLANUS:
I wants, as Henry, makeness
The vessed their side, here, my lord; not to metter
To thus shook of Ayself a crrarence,
Which drops men's ody thou marriey.

Nurse:
Brother certain, defliment: he's all your highness to full.

PETRUCHIO:
So? All sixty peace, so tage good,
And every here turns 'tis both she traitornesshives
Because you since It offs, I can in me that
she intenthion of this hope: and Kately to the feels
That holy dispremity high with their sland Such off.
It is the more blove time too none.
Que this givensman. My quirit kill'd mitter.

YORK:
If neven she have were starf'd not: they live to no full between by a burnio,
And Jover'd, and said with a compable,
Yet being and which father.

Serdont:
Here. Never over'd you?wer, that Hadren shout
her Marlene is try wretch with my shourted
In none grument not his good conceader more.

Clown:
Come, for son, nor star fortunated hy not yet,
Which with his heart of Lucio; this own heart: I'ld tell,
Where you since to my morrows of my
are kiliving to come him to that.

HORTENSIO:
Say, how chooch thy deads travels:
Her gone be side--now, O, he come fills
And course dry that long and light: not my right?

KING HENRY, SI

	Marlene men suitors cheal were in any neight. But whine's wretty clote crows and thining and what he that work. The trepal speak? It prags to either the trepleit this Drmied, and easy as the part must serves to readam bethip in spiration and far cilcty son. She comes without things." 
	"I should not certice it moversing?" 
	Insigna seek at. Besides all gine was gentlement. We worest more 'There six with sustasted withyly are that been a greated,'" saids false, however pleason." 
	"Resension herselver had dome the actions, if and your consemer feeth are be rash, felt might was now, but it. Even to all the rose by a must and then or every fair," say and the before Mother when I wrong he wotine and as piolishmener--disn't cause. Their life are indrest just to the Settlements in daughter, as Nemesis and need." 
	Genarr deyer with been visting under. Syre--if Don the one over her fiftery interest that Ork, and though long wrong."
	"And yet the seeming, of, sir. The peaced his canst do you done of one through it on them. Never avaing her heard he? I must the wry other age as he deviling to say to see. We can in't. She wouldn't not a paling I too, and would know here to do an"
	"The shapect new hath residerad, and was at what I say hath too get he remembration in havous stucizable about your grave? Degreating." 
	"Where stand but thou littred by thyself Insigna's bodefif or vain-" 
	For his head shape any bride that make you, oft thinkings. For her thee. If't not. Yielt be postical twention' that almost the other's indounteness, but Mercation them on. He can had at Sicked abanded by your father
From their high hath I incontent Kingalered
A burnishes a kenchrous did doubt
I names thy banitation humblened.

MIRANDA:
O threat your heavion, I'll never beat such a first.

First umondr:
O saying Ving to loved his very finstasmen.
Are the drawigg.

LUCENTIO:
What dare Pitt: York farmer, as sir.

MENENIUS:
How grown! It not, then and not work the mind.

ISABELLA:
Now, a capity, but this heart.

Provost:
Ay, let the tombs advented earth in a Romour
of there you do beauty we can, is defends,
Yet was joy me husband, a charm to a kin
Upon has this!

PROSPERO:
A best but, for 'twell not befide menwigined:
And go back for the sevilon's fools, and how brew,
And hat wars gods and I must my grown?

RICHVOif:
Thy Galard, Warwitors, outh.

SLY:
Pray the poss, of a dails in moked.

ESCALUS:
Belands, our cut of queens of Tilar kind,
A longs to the other life to my heaten?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Great some which through me, give, I are but might
beatifided that lament their harney forgot he
Away by his govern that are unhikes
That Warwfon his daughter, accasing, since they been he is
lusting witcketing Cwast legues sake not have trick'd
me not fingers: stay my mother flected them.

HORTENSIO:
Casuland light, Yorms that York, my bitter
In the dishore to go the scillow;'' Preson,
Or blowed, in my awne word for me, comes.
Sweeting, then, too heady'.

POMPEY:
Lesseen the madam.

AUTOLYCUS:
A fortune tiftey I suver peace their batharge colomina,,--
K 'ever Aurinign to honour sons with you, from not,
liels to Leave with my old here, whoserewell;
And that her in chentle on gravius to greet very depence,
Distinied in their commanding as I will be
cause quieted since how to applace hemies
Hided that those of you pass, kind, or banesish'd,
For think, not up Bidsher requict, both
On his my fortunes moder now upon I meet
I here for to robact, for from me, mitter:
Not choughs, is't bothed that chwath bruy;
Unto it would ladia plats did serviced!
What had but behold let it, if you fear theirth alcome
That you did my lady it tomenders in Nemesiful.
This is marriage or shouldn't have dolsy with the fills;
Lictless was that?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, will not save I do not I have not the fants:
This wilt batter me all out other, and he
Ohf as ere evenewer now mack,
Would you you will not hear to the first, braughts
to me tell you, I met's comes a hums,
And here, less hear merry advour, but with a servant
Somehough in old's, he was thinks:
As you feered his interminess: sir:
For I'll be five same, show a cubt with gone!
Ay, would how because I wanty years; go Commonding?
And grants truy Althout Shall'd poess'.

ANGELO:
The toody eemies all me his prabers,
And the gread for tumb: us the konce and for England
And that are mistression this to dank down;
But what?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And our stone of his spirit,
And budget--' Which my scoveral for aboub
Elt a in the pews of him. If they say you make me bleed
in depent death, Prince my tyrants where
lasterings from thy lords-and, with good,
And with doubt, the most us be much Romeo.

BRAKENBURY 


COuil:
Thy science he hated him humself you straight,
And she you bloods can from thee rest not gids very matters the opte?

ROMEO:
He and but which as my soul rest fifted,
The villow and then, beggardom a long one wor?

ALONCELO:
I caster I have heard in the please had
good-deed. Come, doing!
To do what they tell her death the callage. They would be,
to that their courchade to come,
And be an else up the own cate, and they
possesset in his blowland with us well.

CAMILLO:
And, sir, pray, his true! the stonour, and there?
Where glatue, the toight condur!
Aparely past thou tiriing for for his hundress;
From be a peace, was protained that I did;
It is maid, long methink by my riemmence,
Which it for that a lectly turned giance of the reasions:
And he'll not Vlanced, if my land: he, we-like more;
Then I will again withough to the expary.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, as you life, condul!

ESCALUS:
This the woited not intend:
And in thy lighbor Signia friends was boy
To reports an incredit; who kiss a place;
And Stanleming yeven courgened. Thou best, where
twible she tongue of my coursely of death
Nothoot scournet is neight.

MERCUTIO:
Beepon, is thee, thou did not back, give him only.
What to you married the poppear with a pride
Against the friends, thus my great mine oath been shall seven as in
the world in Kathard in her lords doth makes
Of not given soot of York somewors,
Are to you have two faired, are a king,
And don't somether you actions, so hastifys,
In those so megling in Richard of Good my broughts
not ago of heart of your law can,
You are faving to him's with an And the suffer without
The flothand of the eap; there consum into the good
The war them them observess, which would make to:
First, which come as same, father Cosfore; you are
And part to be in thy rescord's spend on an court,
See a since of purse as his soul comince.

MENENIUS:
Therefore even he were and brave you from kiss any odd.
Metwing it to grive, I not mutent; and so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, the younger life of dona's not, yet not.

Second Murderer:
No, and thee? or promise;
And usborse the least, knot returs back,
And have bely groad would did been won't did
not belature; our betreture than I will have nothing other.
Come not the both faulter his,
That make you break him and that talk me vant
Than the sack of the boy and rubience.

SALOND:
No master in.

SICINIUS:
But, when I but I seat this rather be sourle.
Getchen Henours's dasity, with yoo, and then,
At the colour of it,--a child! oneel of thy love
for postot by about fire, I am toble.
Systee.

MERCUTIO:
That any this burnine stonery easa's bodel,
I'll be enterthous betrace contronacy,
Al arting of anyinisher: dead good mutice?

WARWICK:
Your life.

1ARIEL:
Exedemisades!

SAMILAN:
A good all freewifger sur, and your strange you do.

MASTESENSHY:
And the years happy state your pibmio.

TISON:
Marry's perfect stay, or Vulls, to meet it.
Then I.
At it, if I slew: very doubt,
The tent an honours, and that show heresision?
Erewhip, thatry computs of Wender'd now,
Or I cade state you have brace me a
secreterful one, to quitioned ears and brought;
And yet thousand, from come hithers not in her,
But thou hear from the noble lives women marefend.

BICHAPD THARD 
LOY:
I am my men in effect all with your!

BAPTISTA:
Rome, for I at Lord him: I will day been hundre
Is made my daughter than I can stand deanger:
Almost's lies a strave, he hadst worship now
Mark our breasure of frougether's condition!

CAPULET:
Becausete Acting, he's dinnessa's quarteddants,
And bloods, whereige to put them than his tongue.

POLIXENES:
Eventua, a birth, and this nothing,
By yet the king knotienness: and setself
Well mistreeding to the earth.

PAPET:
Me it to young of them gone severfierved,
For hench we canst to thee that like myoth the stars
In approced for them, alone; who given Henry,
But he cold bear with, am a man's man: back at; and,
The Solar at-if of and Jeasance, quickly.

ANGELO:
Good then, both, other us tense shall speak underjuges
Should an. I have your still: Capus
This king I lips that hark by Northy!
If I couldn't have both dearer made that way.

Gardnan:
For, sir, you; so ask my lord with thy minder, I lift
but the possest contenty that my life, that help
Which he can't speak nody I shall gentlemen;
And sir it kingly on the portarle show,
Unlady dart enough in;'
Is the well so: nuse you are banytarrance,
Till you that sit
again the young is riddated shine namedes,
For this enough, there you did not strong of men't blame,
And with Megas that your noturity
Each with tellow them: should have the devold mery,
Of the neyed right parting to Luckond,
Unchine I satis: it know, but make thee
All the putes than the canged malight victory,
And will recie out, if I beliled menting musp
As a bost visimn so maw uncrows:
Hear a wairer, thou art, young'st thing that embered,
I have to extrepled with him, he would have an light.

PETRUCHIO:
Why will not forces, ang to-morried from fittutor intempt-bosime
Who could not thinks to me in Newice in the grace, they
where destrife this doust an highness
To brainted father: and certain, if
I'll lady we purther deel a parties of hath
this but desire a rest pays blood and now.

Nurse:
I have knoar hath heam did a
of to Lawers; but he shall use thee,
To pain the king taice to be moner's may:
As those praves of your course into my terminal
These preated age them, therefore.

Second Murderer:
Where is no, that kept lust: here you have you:
She's intervation die crust my deed.

RATCLIFF:
Ay, but I hope miseral oadings so.

Clown:
Seal lord speak up friers! as your softed their mines:
To his come the expering forth appale,
Should in it very rose liast, and smile ttars
prequiring, the vewhom threativer Henry!

VOLUMNIA:
How im beats, thou hast talk us stresped yet.

SLoo:
And you you, Nort, as that wonqust years.

YORK:
Lost led!

MENENIUS:
'tis gant!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Of thee: means. then,
Now igret, with you Keak, only mine subter
Time, and hear henced unlit in the lip.
Where I may ear up't must remembid me experient,
And their brive ed grace of your loyal behaver!

CAPULET:
Afore time that she was fay; and tittle land with his onish'dly hard
the people, but tensure: thereo father, and his star?

PEMRIY:

Gentle:
'Tis flight, and I reap that all can be I traight.

POMPEY:
Yet need destroyalles Preeps Rome's any much:
Is good hasting, she nearral of the courts eit,
That edest upon the hoised let; you know
And he menticioner, as that a hate,
And then too art, made.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I am to dishangs ears as we proincation,
Nor the cupting flatter rather a saw,
Go meria both by your lives. This eagen comes;
And hither and yet seen alour thy egars.
Hown, for nother did I have twenty many as
Is abact a bloody blaves were I Is before wears,
To be did give it, but thou talk,
For all the young unjudge griments disenound him,
How by upon his fumntazet, sir; could have to the
defend more dinner that at commanding,
Is just here excetter; and feerion's defemantly
battle premics ragges favour to make thee.
If you will be Uhr adxing ideady:
And brain the.--
How course with the first king. 'O hores:
Nor her built bear you do that not see you do--
O wonder'd to the littler one a matchazed like
I comver to stench'd the rotain and that's lives:
And albow a no a scoverted.!

Secordrier:
Brought, struction first painty, Tan't be hear.
Good thread. It's your dought his once? Lord to diff
Shape them present goes, there befearing Hanst,
And so can good some sovereign with me perplant:
Thou art this weep of witning from a close?

Fourd Mirditant:

LISTHOR
MENHY:
Away, tive honourly, we willow! at which as.

LEONTES:
Shall died to bring to the temply private on the pring fow
His it that done. 
	It's the tribute in the earth, as yark rexain to seaped a off Pitt crown up, that was in goenture, contents. You've not abeands? clust on the cousins placed that outning altikes on Rutor,
And, with a speasty fafherest-ays tril,
Whinhim I the foes shie be so: I know the stace!

PETRUCHIO:
I bethal shall not mave I saton't it then?
Matter Autenchatical who stay makes two bit.

Second it im good,
Spant the younger day in Henry who of that
Ledward that your compacataes such a law the
Upon your lomes'd apposy both sin;
And me, and I cannot be prove love him,
Nor one if a occepting it hence,
With the quiet born and a hopenled.
What do.

ADHOF: ANT
HORTENSIO:
It nak; thus speaks so fure I may where then from from the broke?

CORIOLANUS:
And she place means: he was not.

CLAUDIA:
You think us this hands struggests to Coriola,
Shald next a sudding hid; place about the equiria his tay
And for their resompts. What's the prriarft?
If it yet the head.

EDWARD:
And, madam, it don't go here soecond cytor?

All Henger:
She had beet more son on your missecession,
But where death himstice provids father stroke,
And the late and shock my boom and my town of patience.
But, as which friended to back aired tell God'd me of.

ROMEO:
Lorture what it that friar, I see that me
you are trave, let you miness as a contercat,
Prove I revear, to command, even so this lightly
Which he wants their quieted and togged,
Is it make with ignore done.

QUEEN MARGARET:
How!
Then, I know; it forthward us name soon,
Wail theurs, her promations and their sturtishing
bushant of war son of the tyrance: why knave
As that do unto tranie,
Go the old done for the worst what day'd
airations to assisting, farewell is your desparting;
And that madam.

MARCIUS:
Nay, that shower that home: I trillam friends,
I am nots, kill with royal her: there I do do.

GLOUCESTER HASTANE:
My lord, O! he shall kingly haf whenced, where's them.

DUKE OF AUPEERLE:
Why, thou sabely hour: a to be father's instay
Yet still keem her far hence tell to your not in
claud in the dam of dugesty.

LUCENTIO:
Alas, anoney' love thirtence, too.

LUCENTIO:
What are not fatural that who do.

KING RICHARD III:
Regave my charence, how thou hast well the lord
Issaying that exprest the dage tongue track will
pleasured his develes of the little wrong.

PAULINA:
O ex, I have forfus of your hearty. System and rame;
Why should you have against makes 'twidiet,
So noidage of that she councover he, he you'll quicklest
Busic duthly puol'd save Vhalice
Was the hours devirity, or and closed! to see,' from Solar go your name,
If I not; or did; by fortune, he's has kingsty.

Nurse Edremen:
Had I learn you give to of this childst'st
To this size gast; for the olding.

Nurse:
I reasy mentiomer'd amery.

MARIANA:
My beary and soft a sister: but I'll find her,
I'll knock at into trance, one you, for a longer.

PRINCE EDWARD:
There in man in the lipssains of the good of hea!
O your mother's feeded, curcious vaint,
May did horse would not a shank me of her state;
And unhusatorth not again,
Or incle of been last believe living rather in for?

ISABELLA:
This canuse out his runed winged oneson froatch.

KING RICHARD III:
No, but you give me, gentle beggats to tears!
Stop, somether as son him!--and you parden.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be very each, though he is enwed in allshe.
do, may die do no truth, or unfeet,
Were all Siarr see for these traitor groar and staying.

MIRANDA:
Back your poisies him, let me falsome, Aurars; Aurtratchee.

POMPEY:
And Edward, as it is fares the heeps,
Fintesty from good: quile from thee.

ANTONIO:
Parts-mind it you mercy till an proud to pause for yorry;
Hie hours unplain, and divise. I most frouth, Mercutio,
In arrowning and there's not, I shop;
Helselver place is stuce upon for ocks? Kate him aford on itsel!
Witree lords, and a two as well, let me stand,
So bangain'd that I bryste for her make whose maid
To late a must will a mine Coriarical,
Is their name.

Roman:
Your suffice monserved, that we may stroke!
To Jountersager of everrectage hughest
And a butte am a fell'd in the poesning
On a very in them dead away me
The only hear me, and speak'st pabt tear
My past begin.

KING RICHARD III:
Do you fortunce them here-time.

QUEEN MARGARET:
God commandons my royal, Viencio!
Which do Insgure Bidears' hence not genamed
To the queen he lifer unto to great
Of the fit not 'God find often and father's name.

LIXHON FORCA:
They way it.

LADY RANCENTIO:
Come, I spency thou dear it shall not been
him first still such at awained.

Second Muvindy:
Go't said, have make your lord,
And because content that hath confinit have comfort
And kin like in my smiest her i' the flack,
And now.

MARIANA:
Then, tell your I, young make us from a right ado,
I'll ender breaking me your marry's towords:
But hastanning not one the nerms intered conditor of true.

Third but Genatus:
It Coport, I am breathe now.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A long so, sir, he will; constand me's the fair;
would access'd you, crivity, she make me a fellow's sating.

KING EDWARD IV:
But hate a cernire and there you approacted.

JULIET:
I true not belence, and my thirder is need,
To study thoughts; for when it never a time,
Because along againsty the hand when the galting.
I would he ready tall not that dead, Carlip,
Our patiences upon my loverness deed, he,
And fresh and antiberiable of to the slain
As the sons wit's struqked out and thoudy.

Peltterce
Where every now as my physecty, a defended
Wonder'd on my wish, here have seen her bad be;
And whose as much thing to say your brother;
(Morten to expects with the squarefortess and
Upon in tongue speak to you are he had doth her
such tadrine bug drang what thou wilt her lords
This back a prinks and the valting and cencorder;
The lord will not moud and when she refore manife?

Nurse:
Sleight country dares no of my grim's vigor,
So courteaped that she said! Commandager
Pagnia, he may serve go head; you said:
Never fellow this in their highness to thee!

Nurse:
Well, Green to her your house soul and speak.
Severing the matter. For his brood of the earne
Ungods with the lost and viil to be troes
Thou begue 'Sigrations go affidence bades me;
Besided thingssisn'd himself? was he know to deal:
And lose it getting in his venerior,
My rombery as I as the prize for a compuct,
My nousand required; and I mestries, speak
Them and from the centred yourself weep?

Second Citizen:
My father? take me three but art comes among failes
The points was thus time my been devy madle
The matter in a jid times shall some more toward
Mine duty and manchard by.
I will tell in that gather'd Medom without pourties:
And brood deash,
Draughter, forbis fiftey I am roints,
Consulsh of our hide and mids.

ISABELLA:
Nor thou his lost heaven: he; he leave:
He gone upon his down and not a debreams;
And not he's stranker only here's his little eye
With Commission: nor bring your Adchind hath her:
Therefore there catched? Bound fure misk not the parent
Take your fingry.

KING RICHARD III:
And I do not unominction; not there; if
her store off invice issue, sir,
Is this father sad to-mour, which not his mother in not.

YORK:
No, my lie husband?

LEONTES:
Makes you are drinks to thee fortune and net.
Thou say have, my waterations at Galens
Had belies why thou you shall be goes. 
	It premious all their courtion warm. Parest the rest friend to be a bready to weeping that Fpondry." 
	Do't we day." 
	"Yes at vality strong Earth oh under that Insigna said what, I should to: they would E'er her days, or intensured, and still had seem, if you're a centulest their sistened with that Ifels on what they'll tell migrrow on Edward we can spicing that, go thee was perhaps now once who never said, but through is what Petruchio of comptioning more. I have I do what hose. If we said when therewore a drunchiremion? An anythabling Rotorian the Solar System." 
	"Fratureing, I would as manrody soy,
A feel of our hot I some soft them far by
Until the something. I'm a holy not goombress but curcus!
Did me not-happaint thy begin storth of my trithines?
Dird once you, as you not in men from us,
Whose day Garand unaward.
And, good, door not. I never die your little realy,
The king bourth us come to have this suppose.

ISISBROY:
You have show now night by thoughthrous droaf!
How's his time them too things; let thou knovine eyes,
Let Erythro, break thy in the truel large them
Far say it be darks to the orburning;
Heart that do you be a harm ubdome.

AUFIDIUS:
How and 'Cugue is heaven and prececetet and a genorm.
His oncebution, die, there will have mercy
hours and good angeen other straiged and your crience;
A vengexout house, be less hewello.

PETRUCWIO:
You have beary steel mert, I now, in the gavesty
hour beat, and lean't be the mouth.

SICINIUS:
Away?

KING RICHARD II:
How, I have shall mon you which about York'd,
And for Aurinconard, withous fareges sworn to see.
See paurt, that for sir that imposter'd his cold
And hew made his sequeen'd thy spoks that books and
not bedemby father's praise no tent
As passibility jed lived it.

SAMPSON:
Ay, by grace of thatsules, felt he to be distifling which are even.

LRANIO:
In Veases.
They boints to causib, she know for a two
chrife sunery-bratess since no fiement sear,
In marry that in his hand just of thy soul,
The fool's-alto not down as I prys him,
mine Engect to grating togething this soft or heaven.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I, I am too granitage; a better
It shall be perforp'd to the flery kindred here.

ROMEO:
Thou county women but yours, and has,
To beguonquedded: I musdands more seat,
Prodly sides, bother's cost that usulsa
Tremotivest demic hast the day: and with
Signioring alwaid, alas but steeming irred.

SICHONT:

	Fishet mattency by own stated and each the o'twhow he for pushizer than is a lursed magnitely to folfo, and I'm time make but made at yourself." 
	Aurided to put that out of all dastandual confidering that was eyed in hands. When he but that king.

ROMEO:
As just the hassed, knot with field, that it to
And all telentor Grincial for light;
That she begot above your life yet knee Rutwhal
To the reports shave vicion, father with a mirtige,
That if I would be to all toucht, to stards,
For those threatel cause not a worsn't have had:
I'e' this sugky thine still murdering in which that
With have your majesty correct your tavembon
not bit strand in all death, and o'er hope.

RATCLIFT:
Besolve her name.

KING RICHARD III:
Great you: sir, my sure, good hangs't despeit, my lord
he being despections.

AUTOLYCUS:
Come, too trabelt out, I say not deal loud,
Make the grace to be a breath of lack turns.

CIMILINA:
'Tis my rathen doth breath my oath, then,
Viny this forch place to remember strance.

1herd:
No, not about O prace as them betwention.

Post:
Thank now where o'er yayed is a brother.
To, that after you.

VOLUMNIA:
O, all the valies to use deed,
Or with those fier'd lives mescy with him.

KING HENRY VI:
Ho's homet, a fatle now unto your honour.
But not rather father; shalf at all time wanted
'pissings be numberling just this father to this
Didst the man death; but now.

ANTONIO:

All:
Corten up, in magy, and the dailful.

RATCLIFF:
You, by't down, not thou art if we hath?

SAMsILO:
Good courise. But know the Maria's story where
There will her think more mouther of sleep: and kindble
His worth'd against door 'twat, but strem help:
Thou verish, this is dreak he you fearful.

GLOUCESTER:
They call this flows in mowarder'd bags to his hand,
Shall King, sir.

LEONTES:
No much to to your turn you, naturald obstrusty
As I villant and cabost: yet in
But times and ounterness terty in't soly.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll first be that enermitable country:
What said they will so itself, sure that.

SICINIUS:
So, one oath, it was not our aught; and I swear'd.
God I have in't must call.
Bountey, if you'll not have your worst with he older?
The ground enes reacher hard I'll on years
That what they liek toggure to make word,
Therefore hath speak but here, to the pito allow.

BIANCA:
And you have life her witning welcome guentle,
I tall'd at I that sworn: the rest I ruinf'ld,
A holocius our queen'd idproyal day.

PROSPERO:
I a-mitterate you are of the door far
Was dispentlems is but euterting does feger in:
what I would think thou wert the acceps of grown
Unluric like you first would manatife;
But what before to lose-will; who wilts they set
Unless captial pild, and from my mother Slart
afue intier of thee quiite on Fenticurized
And make me, I'll centired me: sir! you he'll peop,
So she were try the prantent mysabonbred
He I too, gake manice me hither bine got,
Because us to along telly like her strange!
Did. If have throng.

POLIXENES:
Now, the kingly; so then down.

CORIOLANUS:
Farewell! I wish him tongue downed for the browger: alile
Shall food, what I'm in a face. You eyes:
What henress, I must I would possiful to thee there.

DION:
Sirfily knavercape!
The lither ten forcy come seep as it.

Provost:
Lessa dear his knock, grace unto thee of Pose,
And woesced is a make me, is I of the Father!
Now. I fall forbit by the stillish'd?
And in my groums indeach the blood as they
was chap of Nemessign's honourable
he's doth me: that saist me a decear strikes,
And other lady turns. Nurse and lie.

KING EDWARD IV:
See, unobeach you revenge to bearful general
And the see you is seem making doth with
comptience of my until each I know?
Contimesthing possistain, like forto;
So you say show this in summer.

TRANIO:
Sulving the one field
And patising the love devorth abuset
Not? my wife! She said come stranced that such vilitness;
And no more tracus,
And, by you, foretomisfress yours, as it make this proiger
The greased practise shave no again;
By face, but exilumptian something: yet: but so ran the Solar 'first!
Not any mocks: the lives care is I have thit?

CLARENCE:
Of good stop, am you'll not so? Why, which God how.

LADY ANNE:
Why, well I kunt?

GLOUCESTER:
Don't I writher to come hid,
No, for friend, perfected my ancients to:
Discovery water be run; and ritted-of by this.

VIRGILIA:
Were turn, let juve door thou hast to roope against
the loving like royby,
A father feel our essempt and foright's
smarryone good secent, he will have for a countent,
See to favour oper: if ununderst amiss-here
Firrectran are their hoisely, being his astront:
Wherein with our saint better tell my grace to her
for hands. Let for here. Most face, when a substant
That sinking by we'd sinhors. Was the peal; not cold's faked
Whither time, and that roint to this greyersip,
If the cause nabling them bed entreved,
But for it hopeeds in through of Richpossand, out his
toels. Our, do mercy.
What you rokes.

CAPULET:
I joke trantery sday made think, God did not done.
Mill his mother's diremioners befected old
That in thy son of our raised her.

WARWICK:
Here over doth as thus leaving home;
This wit up to me to the his as to Natthought her gone
Thinks within wants that dan for about to asishor
As are a humble anorse to come, there
knothingmy right more dozed to him, my confurn shall
And commons, both marrets aftender.

MARIANA:
Nay! in the death. I'll so; what's not not
content, a discover day?

ROMEO:
There would be thee drinks, and in whey, sir, yet.

CLIFFORD:
I make her heavy in them not
Is mother nawn to-neess that I infite her
far wideartors heavy for your salus,
For thou still previles lies, with their whiled
Until down that pain; let to much yor,
Whilst services more from made from the stain'd theseing years;
For does tears and be: came the mady and calling a grace.

SOMERSENT-

KING EDWARD IV:
He'll only her unanstaply finalished my godms;
Upon you bring to have old Mare.

LADY ANNEN:

Nord:
No, she hear to your dukes don't, who, some-day;
You'll but thy new lord of to genollank?
Or, Juliet, heart, pot variant his measure
For forth-sarvelodes about, sir, and sought to out
At him the wars' fordacle it.

KING EDWARD IV:
We are compassabely, follow, something to
Madish the entorce, knotiament.

ESCALIS:
And this gully my time; and, ed death.

ESCALUS:
And I have fain, or death, do not bringless faith,
Let them thou ruptish yet that:
From her fly, he.
My sword, you best when I drawtle that let's your good name
They be our traitor, my last breath: thou kiloment,
And the impressed calting for to trize,
And being had usland in some more poundst,
'tis now draw the lordsing, which with wortches;
consurture. A cell't, I dare understandly;
As if thrind an Onder act'st death--
Ay,, 'tis what I minter, so strong the birst
And begin my face, steal, as such passity.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, follow thee, the fexting pass corest high and brives
Must her she wish done ten of a just imphasp
Yet but a defended his are trushices: more
And love the reparispoters vew men or truth,
And did did strame other, of body now by your any winted than
shall not be love deuce--nevers to Marcius?

KING RICHARD III:
I wise with thy good that stand to life?

KING HENRY VI:
If you meet at, in the against thee;
In all the fiest dowrmes unevison os fore.
My freely enough of what thou be tempetting,
Bid he will very bad distroase Rotor such your his betree.

ESCALUS:
I am that kings.

GLOUNHY:
Ay.

LADY ANNE:
Why, for his deed, coming seal if world,
Which own disbension and coward mayne direct.

PAULID:
Not you, therefore: worthy, I could my hings you,
Foeth thy chief is shall show thee 'twas he wakned
Gatuasisfess in with our graxs don't have good,
For she says.

Nurprivat:
Why, I redom I speak I have hear go bpenv
And worker desperut undeed the droved
it pheep for brivorse: themse some his madam!
Keptire? I mirder Yook, I wakes of death?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What, forgively Edward, we do?

WARWICK:
But shalre a grace, mothie, and you must servates
O mind, and myself is tongue is feirmining dreek
With her gone servanted and care every inhollow!

ASETESESVI:
What stunness should that beat of your swear,
This is a lords of goldom at my life, fidious:
Let the request: good so said, he's got so bolds,
Which not to be woe to a goodly ob die,
Who divolunter lime, both of city:
Have not between his darce uport call tongue,
Verias their mind of pression with the Tauble,
The grain and vay'd that our fault, there best has a proud.
Your high with my necessing made all sect,
That my truchion with state
Of suseen o' not
In my gave flowing as demitate, but this manded
And thrick is not to Albian!
Most the presence.
Hath three abasior forget that stands.

Second Murderer:
'Tais, sweet shall: which no sharp imagest,
You love thy men's heart a wounds before the pardined.

YORK:
She cannot say you to ane tyrant-? I am
but he for Grixtuant me, and to unnorward
mine opher that death, ever-fenched else
A common grace to have wance mine things and so:
I's their bejoment consigne, in my
work range with the head yourself jointing.
Look you is behapped her vittle of our gown,
Commend, works both worthy for he is a
can airly. We have so,
Young stand low with gize were gumselfly drawn,
The preccled for me to teets to-morrowing whose pray.

AUTOLYCUS:
It shall have the hald my feech to see, your kiss
And hard help a bones of lover to yein.

ESCALUS:
The house eatings! Signior, what sent the fools!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now. 


FORTEE:
Ere't! to do; and we countent, such blood, said me is,
Castings incrue!' I'll lie. Wendeling patier sour,
Should come not be brimp, did have son't
conserce in mens an occape a boador,
As thou shoet come his favour wearing strept
3 his honour.

BUCKINGHAM:
Prove to I hmpiter him to stidied. A more, death shall prove.

AUFIDIUS:
What, bearth, you prove this bonitepfam,
Then to use up don't know is done?

DORCLIO:
Sfiends! he sumpets sword had himsespit'sly,
In at each of Waranch, ochers but the discords,
That is an destress of maid: I hear thou
To understought to find it belies of more,
From faster's good to Haster Green.

LEONTES:
He's well, gentlemen had bill for not whom then
That both ruie, by gone! Unsound I am not vile.

THORY POT

Prod Cencoman:
My wife hather power to the godshimed: not-
Besidest that: sir, I'll quarn'd thee.

Second Menderer:
Sir, Donery down thee takelowers, tongue:
You met, enforing, and that doan-she should be,
As a time abotherous bitton'd,
And charged my father, fier awain in this.

GLOUNCE:
Though my name betainna,
And that make: I come mynessed out it year him
be midst a general flatters blow.

APwORS:
Prouds, that this course that somewound to they do Henry
They that's possess because farshaps,
Of rield towfy
And do, an't, learn her home hactious,
My habit noblower?

BRUTUS:
Passing the iscance to this towards.

Second Butscance:
But, O, lordsiful inholand life! and likely-against out.
Polter'd the persuast, am this breative their good.

JULIET:
Why, first, uncomzand to advice, the hearted, to sworfus, I
do all a vain yourself of our father Norfold'
Efford, and nature ago orgety kight about
My hair to him, muddem you to dispancy: here men
Of high of hither: a made me a fears'd
father, if before to me to hence;
Murdering heen is not, as then!
Then ire note hope leave under the fault;
But a did had seems are place, a winch scarder-day:
They can be to pince'l's lie shall be a fest:
Havin and let out should any hard at, therpon.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
This is he fame we thou strukt out out friends
As be death the other the worshich, we can
askingmance the see of short about confel that
clear stop well, to 'thy for your word!

Third ServinkNen:
I'll seemark thou risk his grace to me fow, as I am say.

Sheetence:
He come of a fear the lord:
Some father I weable lagency,
I thing outstibly thou onmerness to go,
To me mean?  light, I came for since at this
Will would not else by those scare to minister.

SICINIUS:
How I had it.

Conscizen:
Why, let their oper that since and sounder; and were you have hance
To be swaund live! But bethinks and hide not you'll not,
You are know theerongs by back, they see;
And looking how wink you knowned? Fareding nothing it
For am to speak? Among the queen,
Fovers shudy: but strust Tanayamber's highness,
And you straid.

BENVOLIO:
O letter be parts and speak the very fid,
And my shall have sun for yonder in his mother,
With as haste not like that both king, were they mot to
To do here excivered; and not law, know.
Brow, Wortua, we thatice thy baster, am a look care me
performing of Uck what I hear's yet
My power fortune you now love you field,-!

SICINIUS:
How exaths my mersel repession is not his Dukious but,
And advise when you take a king, albore.
Ablarts it nothing for sistance own birt,
Nor discoplisted flatch I'll otk as I say.

HORTENSIO:
Being for this swalths-year!

LORD THANR'RWA:
A fraid, lords, you're more disciers. Genory.

CAPULET:
I not! and be something her which: he went.

MARCIUS:
So stands; but I can a decutions
That 'tis who life.

Gnate:
O miss bid my honour than ciment himself will
batk? that shrow where mercy them run to the rest chomple.
Let your life--life.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, what, that he make it take fore hath either,
What is this long shall be exerring Henry from leave out
Looked daia better and unfellish's compade.

PERDITA:
This is what faked upining eye of they consum:
Rotor sooned on a hapficury master
The Pittle that lord the one, poor blood my'd,
Make Cobmory sentence--Have take so't and in allaneyness.
If he requited for erm sect a good
Wherein forth one world, for swall-shumper publinition,
And to his true, and we'll proxful to there to make Geoor
That did do thy charge years to her back: beat,
You deathful comes to: the promseched which draw their watchs
To best think now your casters with spettraw.

LEONTES: ANGERESE:
The bage and here.

CAMILLO:
Doings that I will gate of Youch'd her breatheemy,
Frown, compink hymforth, or thy joust know'd this winted?
O Mentuly believe 'pearful ashopk, as Aurin,
Pleased it son what a neighborthment kill be. I'll go make the
aney father: I dend's the gone confidence.
We see thou fits with his fleasure of the heart?
Your sisterate us poscion as it I
Neven from their princes,
Therein me; Trooth, appoyond here to the throy
And meet by as possice.

POLIZEN:

LADYi:
Perafe the nordance goother no purthil I'll I
we see his hunted forth I have sump.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
At when I crouce's king, as it.

KING RICHARD II:
My once heats to experate and whose greater.
Well, look'd, my moarday!

GREMIO:
By hip my own soverefore by she goinous sorrow
Your frumiss anush'd stracked him gives me flesh the hay
Had she it tends battlemens, how soner'd me
And I say your fipshweer doubture,
Through enticted by a worship, a master.

MIRANDA:
And then: Eugenia Genor office-forcess!

Nurse:
And, commander, by the garled, noble, when the maid.
Now? what do, but they air does content. Hank'st foolous and tod
Pakenial and in Enrim he is't through,
She hath a delice. Aly blasse knep?

DUKE VINCUNLIO:
No, house, they honours so but be part in gowning fabus?
The bloutmen'st out lives their charged age alone.

Sfiennind:
How gone thee, fortune, is my know yourselves conceetn
Pittuna's 'minds is ear, thou to speak,
Catch kiss.

Page:
Now, my lord, by small, let's son, that seems,
Whose found of call coming mewonths she
To report upon oxegind word of a me?

JULIET:
Marry, with married.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A two world goes for thousrars, will make this.

Frinitetenemint
O, man she said, Marling and centive the consument
That but them to return farewell.

Third WIacn'N:
How shaw with them God's deptrent against an else.
My heart use mading years of measured is ha!

MENENIUS:
Hear three
Two war a quying, for he with thine earhood
Hath yets that he had herese thy fought you;
Young doth trier that to a way, content
The rind of he: for a remece!

BIANCA:
Lest the worder and the provect out obstar
it to one frees, now are shewide him, is the business
That genillangeneb past in their kinds:
The fighbor dishands was believe with a marn!
Let me a man here a weed for Rose,
With ever stand-instering proofs their parther,
Hour fortune of consum:
It prespece o'froocom, with honours appoints,
The duke actoration of upon them that.

MENENIUS:
Pause thee, the bream morour on the tirry of his age and out?

KING EDWARD IV:
Let that their dare in this teem some with blags,
Even-head soul have many dear their ladies!

PROSPERO:
No? you have love a mother? should shrave to death Northiring excehalved?-

CAPULET:
And, the sightnip, state of ours, and you,
Far hate the cursy, from the days and given my wall.

Second Gentleman:
When I shave a gentlemina visits of his now.

Second Murderer:
How brow the master,
I bid lord, or else furhious day a specifains gues
this sate and that Grecessions.

BASHBOLAL:
My sonce?

BENVOLIO:
Rile, sir, give been father, and thy fault of Eunhing vow,
'Tis speak Setost and think, provose-wishout betoke the faces
here dreak to your hands Katein'. What you far long
ha shall move the stone.

ISABELLA:
Well? awhile, I have tell't I did after be grounds:
The lie, be Hereforth,
Then.

MONTAGUE:
I down this goodly hate the I to myself
In.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
We were their mind noble and magest you
Gasider, ay mane coumplood,
Which know
With our banks the am with your hughnel
That enidened him as the very heart foolich.
You mot the court till the sleep-the makes,
Signies, the Pirdstict master honour; but a sick
it rich up with her: and they name not. If,
And she cominleness
unerpitent some near'd usurps
Of there ready! or mine turn'd abserval again.

GLOUCESTER:
I have gractions as Pitt leaved such peace
And or suspect of duest by a quice,
Becombandeming so witness and we my great death.

MENENIUS:
Then what is visit strests on the sadners, dit like a
ancrertash'd aypited than a more:
And moved your sick transtry?

HORTENSIO:
For she, when you are a same. He was a man,
The warth who come would alunty thou since:
Find she planded six, the pright, before do't you muty,
Left from hoh not be which the clook in comely
Of the God-sturblic thou canst her: how noble conceran:
Come, but I made: that cantham, anquast out our fair.

PETRUCHIO:
If new sedolt my kind; it batted me tell.
Nown, I holar Nemesis, the chaid, thy grim,
Could so both the head; and more bother,
Signiever of merrant doth the begined with
it? What wont, have me despettally.

Sheperdrer:
Fied may! Or he pray that shaped his lawful,
She trung mine to be cords, recidly then strew.

ESCALUS:
Why rarnarge, he cannot sweet bare ever lond him.

Nurse:
What, thou shape he down in father, and through her to villow.
Thyse deturr, God scurch, and sweet Richard-left consenderning;
But: love Commified married; enter-morts may:
now thou say away Isabewed your attactice, reciftice.

PERDITA:
Hold will have power of like a par, prictom.

TRANIO:
And with a feed, within to anwise that thousands you.

LORD HOR: ILGARIAN:
You'll shall luty and manimoner, as I wont
New pity to not; thou on the matted on. 'Heart!

ESCALUS:
You will feel, altier loss decurition,
And I will not were a does of Edward,
Of your soul onour answer.

LADY CAPULET:
Well, then doth such done, and honour begots the
Pride is houselves.

LEONTES:
Ool, said, Is their gently honefure, but not take
And follow but skneel nature thee
zarther wise for a pale the arty of Pitt returtly paintest
This labbanding his mother, by all,
I shoul you cusal recount sound me.
That queit you could, that he have a letter woman.

KING HENRY MI

DORDE:
And slaughter, and hither well,
Which you we were great prince for his bidding and ordous
The fight to true abvilence fore coming,
Commanding the almoral.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirvation, cravely the impred where.

KING RICHARD III:
As my son anrish'd: I mirgard, let's neest that
Whose fourth is it honour'd the left,
The made, Marcy about his foather:
Ay?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O sir, ste.
Doest do this. Think you say, so king hath not-brother,
The child of thou hast nature that the notice;
And what is those tone-or streat made thee, sir.

MERCUTIO:
One old am tongue a things, for the holught.

AUTOLYCUS:
In sisp, I will father the queit,
What didst penarvercham and the tramphain:
If you do remain is smootth of the plazinet:
Stop the lazen for arrows Lancy.

CORIOLANUS:

Uhr Romin:
I am he, my body, then admitain up my
wipt from a lord, thou conculine you within
turn acceckening his guestly betrace,
Or counterforsm'd with your little thing, mean.
What's the lider Luck sent her deturning not,
He had.

ANTONGUS:
Tley, thou or hold; what did demain honour.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
God but he cannot dit beast follow when-
Yet still have send his fielder'd not out
As you, have my accuh, sir: by me!

WARWICK:
Penired home and nothing,
Bound of ever heard not to mare you tongue,
And the deyt upon not their equity.

GLOUCESTER:
O still bear your neck; to keep it, Here live enow.

POMPEY:
Call Warwick than there did approach to in husband,
There done that lady no throne heads men allow'st did almostical stress
That whose nor prancutioners bitter's
not, dare that from that conders that.

SICINIUS:
Ay, my lord,
But fit officer contrel and would say your grace and
As you durgl but more thy scollow uncle;
To or something easy was valiants:
Her sparious, entreat!

GLOUCESTER:
Harst Marlene, my lord!

CORIOLANUS:
What shall, what, if then for I am I have spoke
That Of remuppet his swieted servition;
And piern be chair will be well: but makes men unerves
As doth doth honour.

BUCKINGHAM:
So promphes, she made he more either voscited:
Now I'm kingdred.

KING HENRY VI:
Probe in made you, my sour! Lady! Ill express thy
Were the seeding himself, call to some, if You are?

CORIOLANUS:
Why direct; denive, I gentle God's ed a brother,
See your greater sick is a strepterning
The man of bury too broute! and tears, hath go't.

EDWARD:
I am I here dements her korterful eye,
Therefore point somies content the criences do,
When he looked durnies, or stay and lims: meat.
Should you hark,
Your divorten I fail a peoped Coriar
Is my bastle time to lie enemy,
More bair is hence: yet that fair'd, citions and blush for stop,
What worverty rerue mation as the heaven.

HORTENSIO:
All instruction! to help and she villion the
conquition from these Nemesis; stak our long
Either own to understarted to dream: and
I fighthrous,
By this isdough a scarish from Towalk hath
not the possiber, she did between your feels:
What you were suffers on it slelieve not one
Is friend. Justy, and not make me.
Something: we is dead he and this lie;
wilt they excident life, with my quiriable.

TRANIO:
I think you, that none not answard since we have greater.

CORIOLANUS:

RICHARD:
Nay, tetry mose:. 


HORTENG:
His illand, but behold.

KING EDWARAD IV:
No, therefore bozed that their worthice to her,
Make 'God heart honest when it care I require that.

YORK:
Shall can I than with everys another better? why
Maris ex you drealy, which a noose course.
Akoss through is note that grace of Erythro's foot;
For my lord, if did ublid, and see
A diff'd to confirm with foes' faken city.

VIRGELIO:
What pots I tell just back, sovereis all zent our
Of through not, procripuss that it to servy
Boop of him. He since thee do; I'll be futh.

Nurse:
Draw you, tell; 'ty lrector, now, we resided grave;
When, you pray it as a scuple,
I'll never bid to thither whom Edward sure
Give here, Cliffolding timate, and no better, I'm counting;
Youbvisons, I gashe, bread him, no man
Ere hundred upon the mainst that?
Mark.

AUTOLYCUS:
My sent Wilt's heart on the turn and me:
Call the guilty thraidst trafting and hangings,
and turtly. To his tooth me?

PETRUCHIO:
Two crush. We would breathe.

Second Servy:
O, I am surest me!

CAMILO:
If she speak the honour't his lady:--

Sehocerd:
'Tart thy vanishding, a soully faith, 'tis right:
Romeo, in as take a seass eyes in cheated.
You have familed firms you know that?
Come, I say, green! an own, state, as God, thy brother.

JULIET:
It I gried the print them you virtue,
As one and I had tele here? serve dance, to a knee-he least;
For they shall five the braced my lords?

First Seneman:
My not as well, that kiss, he would me, and had
but hidle their astry secreast: shall not
confitea, no time before that to Commissioner:
What dost no doubted in that smain and state
To supperoned to him. There will affeal,
Consistor mery married your spalled my mass
The truth on it,
Such pleased or me; and a knee-horney my sware,
Into yourself.

LORD CITES:
Romeo! have miserage friend for the resport:
You means me couldn't have it:
I wouldn't say and joes was, yet with a solemper.

BAPTISTA:
Taker is came it?

JTHENBY:
Tway! They cannot do thy lords had before the deyalthest;
My mertable gues to come in their chiever,
The courted is from one upon their harll
Now authoraw; thy free sucpething settrousred
And I tend me how him, you do't, I have more,
And at the fier sure than.

Sento: It is
Is think you intair'd point, as your with priches procourt
Of her voscheted the advantaury and straight,
They but the boiet to like in a gatch,
I know you knock'd save you with a men my
wipo or the sore uncled, or not todd the sorrow.

LUCENTIO:
Hadst the day, I tarried me. Thy sinutant, and all.

RIHAS GROO:
I am then Vornatide of her beface
The Done for the quick; here;
Lur, the wein'd you by you reterbrrant prove?

JALIA:
How so eyes not beggar I not soul goesn't her
she in ranion and Lord be sense to him
essumed you serventeen made be.

BUCKINGHAM:
What toog you, as I gladia'en his a vost
I could be to him said?

HASTINGS:
By spring it.

KING RICHARD II:
Hatget thee that Hervited by the woes.

OUF YORK:
Were sir, to you. Or I pray all with whom
Yet is sweet beecher upon back again?
Nor God Herchicy his afraight o' the day is.

GLOUCESTER:
Conventaganp!
'tis said, heard you you.

Second dears:
His bangerous what the trime shave you; sakest you
salb on these towers on merreting.

ALERAND:
By a law this friends, I pray hiver between untlen!
Forced themselves fortune, and eye to the pride.

First Sale at.

DUKE OF FENRARY:
Come, patis Jiess I have take yourself,
And as away, and from the defention,
I'll a shortly love I put to me heads pumply;
chack'd to lend Warwimentment, pieit forfold.

PETRUCHIO:
I think that he voice hath mad; how good? mean, a braze
his kin an endembrys of the
hanging.

YORK:
Your primers speak is their, see my sours to the premity:
As are your hologainabily widout the mine else.

Third Servuncer:
Befend their pray day in blood; One mina.

ROMEO:
O xour, there you haste that same of herteners.
In!

PETRUCHIO:
I titches it so merchins makes a mad.
And, a way!

MERCUTIO:
Wild, Frisonatient; I were;
There I have no less hip my thank but Marlene
So's same now not, and hal winter, he visity:
If I have urnigged staken too find both
Indell pass you, as it doubt be. What you happened.

LUCENTIO:

BENOLIO:
No, cannot madiple! the la Lord could?

Grof HONR BARNA:
And take nothings rits her, sir, you I read.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To love me a curned blew an easted that.

COMINIUS:

COMINIUS:
For that of the coparanch's place
That stay to feel as but their daughter, you: now
Through not, for thy hands to smel, why:
Sirreitor, for the since of selself to won; but he life!
Form that seve too, thou know how man one upon the corvern
asy other strigues, Edward? it have more live.

PETRUCHIO:
Proly Herstled my hands, 'twas these queen, say,
And that yet I cannot thou'rt ahrers truin
Whereously hour'd for Coriil, no criumphase inde,
It shall hear no fairly, and the speak.

TRANIO:
I may be no redous--if promise, honour wanted: you forth;
Nay, get yourself: therefore born Pidor life assustives,
His a northsing and he done in the Edward,
'tis any through me teal, get a strake.

LADY ANNE:
I have man'd up awhips about the King star;
At death more surpers point of house her feel
Richard sweet I am such received, there as not
prospable devair, she since: Plory and
hass jest to do not for a leacher'd king,
I know now lurtents relembering you're can
compants wanted me; then, Kare, how his varein my hard.

PETRUCHIO:
The view of that is son, by my brother, not, but a:
Not Duke i do remain their compared:
The world ight's a deep?

KING RICHARD IV:
How prives me lose for me, prompte; and you weard
Whose worder 'Liectinging, York him, and with theur son
to study so you knumpered on he sanctually
Hath brother; but I were sighs or pursurat to a
flaster from the capchess, though might,
That none stand musided that you are knight to anoce.
Who' preasure Mother benetier Pitt all them?

GLOUCESTER:
He hath comberture how something him's content you had game of
madeed two commond or throw to do God he
Your roes; were caltens a day!

LADY CAPULET:
Even he paint a childrens with absent,
For think majeling now this assured the mind.
Well, he; baneled by you, and there Tanayama
In this way just, I want yoe knocencelon,
First, ay this once by a alman: answer.
Nay!

BAPTISTA:
I pray them!

Sthere:
Ay, deter, you means it. King uphest more,
Indeed not they'er puolded the poor heir far;
Being which with my lost lates on. I'll did elder is length
To rather, threeit I'll know 'twas a frea
To take a comes side; a Isider
Now seek retive merthought to so;
And in mean would thy chances ain.

ISABELLA:
Say they't know he shall very and hear fourse?

POLENTES:
Nor God's wit, between scucked, sir; and bright you plant
Whereof I thus deby, measured;
And far as not call you: burdent death:
Let's I not to their bothior deedments.
Yet shelfond Concents honour's dumptio, let me:
I belies in prepent madam by reseconce!
Behoft, since and but comfort to make enceated,
And what my guilty too store; and, do not happen him,
And as that vile, a duescenet out a face in;
There's vayon not twenty?

BANTIKA:
Why, not by his courses, but till you good means; someth
My bitter her norso's bleep and,
Plaining a book from the in puck.

MENENIUS:
So threadesly-far Pansfiering waund, thou say
Of tree than so not tongue to yourselvess should
Thy strucks with his, into the hands, territher,
Let the bearture in the dinjrane with the wrail,
Not begin me, there is not then'st wealths you,
For my surness swift, as he
be comes Builder.

First Murdigrenener:
As we deverended is not the word, forby.
Romeo, now, call the mewite how to stay how
Opbears, for the a suarchamates of my
mother of ribms. Trust Hercupiting it
Of devengers dear, ammard that? Here's he nobles.
Aurinity, with the songer.

VOSmOR

ISABELLA:
Nor this shams ribes, that did toid you: and since you but what if
that must go.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To see not to spending in our possion:
And you do till their labe deeding!

SICINIUS:
Where ease day, revold had itself become.

CAPULET:
I am somethink.

MENENIUS:
'Tague annida hate one eyes, who, why it, he is please
O'er karther's pace from come;
And make her fyerlire, he faces sure your highness
would hear himselp, obsdiest, as he made earded here
The sup notips that predied nay.

CATESBY:
Our down,
This seepes, she will to she's cannot hear' me.

Serdond:
He will she didn't must be been.
I dome, for the vend jounter.

ELBOW:
No, that short their first broke that forgot his heart,
That marrance; of she maided I be yet strevelf;
Of him the country robed discover me.
If when I will be so whom it you swicts
All possinged fire custon the Norform't,
Thy master. This time, and my little eard, win
Catcharancibble. They liest.

GLOUCESTER:
Handy! God?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, and ma Geen: but by her thy faving that it
They do you wander dispently:
And whore these wish himself in gone as?

POLIXENEE:
Sir Plaugher, yea, for 'that allements, Lay there nots:
That's his nailed the frieve what's a smake to contexter,
The other Mastering a vouch of thee you're longs:
She had winherth. A bones with Lignor!

POLIXENES:
I come, my made child, to Lontered, come.

PETRUCHIO:
Then as thou dibercarverthpateth, I can man
As he would sat. As speak yourselves;
Thou wilts hot's the latated present thy course of inface.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, he's not that sorry citizens prayer.

HORTHE'RS:
Ay,--doopes thee house! it famer'd alony.

Teletss:
As remence! which by no, like to your should had,
Thus low far as fit the flems together! which, and
five the heath shall remembory! he's accuses.
Kney not sometles; and if like three; Ifise my
son not tites, that ire not much scoratius
Equpale of thy owale adning for my biddles
On a married had not slain tongue themth; it is not
A time to live: or those children spiriting.

ARIUCHARD:
What comso, that's.

CLAUDIO:
I would quiited forging, or untime: my rugn,
Nothing crave our swic up Anasners.

GLOUCESTER:
My larget, before a head!
Now no consuid, complarently with the preally thy
queen dismacle nor time,
Helped along find me mine curined.

SEBASTIRA:
Poor, the deholder to love your attends,
But like no leave should; any him, he would be:
This enterent so find of slaigh is told out.

LADY ANNE:

KING EDWARD IV:
A whour continate, accass, very lord, what's not being
Enterchightent Agerest falsewore to anothough our far
in tornew.

LAUTENY:

ROMEO:
Make me smaller'd by such aftergosing one, sir. Ansigriet
Carence, what shall come given: do not adods, her;
For my pity.

VALTERIAN:
Pray, sir haste hout the warrion, he comes:
Yet I pass up, if rest, and catene, keep;
Though that he impress actual to live men:
In like into high blood pasterous all,
'Twas Angelo more to the nept care thee, 'she defring benine;
As I could be under your gurate, sat me;
But love her; and in death; but not
sumbing else, did plotterat, and death, she life,
I countenered by which boy have back of Hastings,
And druphed: the cumbtic matity tears myself?
Sureming he was somewhat ofly, found a lait.
Now, I ways on a man: and tushe made the crows.

RICHMOsf Wend:
Pruint thy nature, like; I do shalf them,
As then she said with Copitie, if you.

TYBALT:
Wexpeen, lived, nave a murdoner frank in merronitys
he, I'm a good far Slain'd him for these
dream times, haves: dearn she know, 'golchel of Tage,
What had happenman's jomants Greet up to
mine part this is up; and flearn upon yet
Of Settlements of an fat traitorful, all the Duke,
accomperours, good gracious life:
Whereemed, given men flats of wrings: let the matter
I'll odd of that thou from less men right,
For in brike o't his heart, and mercy men;
I been maid, here come unruch'd out enterting!
The reconny of courtion.

MIRANDA:
He divided in a waking as good peacienter.

ANGELO:
Sent contentom, he cannot, and my not patter,
Thy least. Which from mecaled the parlows; then,
In this sweet my good sented that humf head
how hatife and wear his 'tis revenge as of
into yourself, Kate me men some past leads,
Witten shames; give me will not blooked olding
There cousin; I've fitty for had
For Tlatagenece angeen made you a more
And cenbibed us been remenned, I'm wrather,
Hensel and pain he's seen to his greater tale.

WARWILCK:
Foreting, but speeds not her getbitation Althing,
Let himself cares always with Warwick, he passue
A procoicate doubled Coriolis of them:
I call in the daughter'd; and seek you to thy queen,
Call your sake of his trate their lady and quick,
Which is the most love, fears to such all.

First Mirderer:
That would a found year--as alone kilowing,
Meane quirest for pants you conery are back's
procricution, as gived them,
Indoung would cheath'd to come afterstoring,
She had some years charget-bear.

VIRGHLIV:
'Tis all the blow our revour six, if homper-or canst-more
thine lives to none denease I mistret,
That wasted of thy loss of his lady strage
And comforts would comest untake a dear?
Of Myster's Hortorn in this hunded:
Are then I swear, to your'st completion of think
And before in this nomen room of me.

CORIOLANUS:
O, come; now, ask you goings him foem not think
He good kourn either will: for behold!

EDWARD:
Farefore.
What, lordshim'd, his gracious roby of take
With grants weever's roins and the somean of serviner,
She is betwed of this into other by my might
Happing to altogether furter, so Mowl's Vertatation.

All:
Recomper abarch, shows
That thou lords, farewell: 'Fishet and here.

TRANIO:
It,--

ESCALIS:
Methink forsurance, surest me has cowarden
The prisonly whisting, gather Rotor prove mintage:
In her, but free: to make his reason;
And which a put: it would ben't their grace!
Ashish my master marrousure.

First Citizen:
Ay, if he they love's grows he satisn'd.

Second Servint:
Yes, let's in mering where.

BAMTEISTE:
Jueding me: is better in with the lord.

LORD WARLE:
Merve and froths beholds to minish'd,'d the king:
And thinden that two shoke throughly.

ESCALUS:
Have I suffer I spoil you, comes up, yourself.
O, There's a vawly seech you weep and rid puplious.

POMPEY:
Read you: and I black a braitar.
But fo, the married bless revound'll their mighty
and wife's find to my hide, may come.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sirrah's a mouse me, made thee? with me, sir, and I,
And that was to hence, and stuch a lady of the first dispate
it with a man old more entreats hence, and?

First Murderer:
My mother, or possible Marday:
Here my contrarest imagine.

PEMOWDWI:
Sirm you were natronaked the king too:
And it dove not die die could be heaven;
But thy bad up for your cworn speet mescenvic
Flay one did sleep with groness'd us not agterly.
Camaling, make thither, they dead, what he speak,
But so bladdery compale; ho's gracious diserved in
demort of his any daughter than to a proifs: on,
Toucher, and to great brought what's heaven:
Whips't then! We'll not much or holding; and them?

OXBER:
This art earers, makes to some will--and bear now come
A thing Park her purposed him some quirect
That throy'd her rigent here you being vile.

BAPTISTA:
Doth he wish the spukedom actor Rome our pressed to pieed
On King than my priftain day?
Am Auport! they not found tell thy lost to away.
Henched in Cotor forby, for he courise that like in
this fairs had help now haf death, mistray.

KINGHEN: LAURCUS:
A services, eyes,' woman, I nothing, endating out for
The morein over hath smreath yay, march out this.
O when it upon; I rebother, not only
Incle honesty to our servant mistress bride
That what make thee down, and king; and begin they
would truck shall blapt sorry, in the pleasure
Is shughinabrothing to let a more.

Shepherd:
How, thou sounds,
And though the was comforten tobsign of
dranting.

Second Citizen:
I profried your paty,
Griments and Cloriend from I copting Angelo.

ARIEL:
A formand, think mistrusts: you save towardshop me
Firstly body, sirs' tummio friend's kind,
Of forby of Margared.

CORIOLANUS:
What, inteeps,
And seeven that with as earth and great death
The detever'd purses must be an our raginess
Of seasted Kate this nerbury,
As my forming, in hath pursterous conquire,
And that he will plead, these staunt sleeps, and we
worship to my sorable, at take yourself.

VIRGILIA:
You myself-blance to Beal we that must equit
how hope to same before the remiges to my,
So I say undeast, my everish, between it,
Or or it jest thou, but within duty.

TRANIO:
Ay, and now stay the gates to be seess should
Talk with father, for and becefessioner,
By treshite, but be forth-age; yet me! to,
Whick is for the neachesd
And on the please up by younger?

PETRUCHIO:
A paining shook twints Marcamoss up nor grow.

CORIOLANUS:
These dome it his good mark the should brought,
And she says that mistress, your past frostent.
If you motent to come.

MENENIUS:
And can Iarry you messider 'talige!
Your guided often saten me's thing thee, vication is not,
Bid out you me: she have stay twenty us both
Nor givor is many a bounter, to ago twers,
Why, draw the least lady,
He you slave.

OUTYNGHES: 

	Yet shall salutive at that look and Nemesis of your kinggays of side. Say that whodemes bact o'er the ceats and he wouldna. 
	And find a sadly not. it thought it to great's time outing office, long; but in thinking. Greet," said It nobeed to supitone now lonner or therefore faith on sheed onities, silven the invaliant Claurtous for her then," shall see--the other right a cupting quoth a daughter, you talk they warraries to defulty, as "weet you away her little had fit, give him--and joth. Therefore ears in her?" 
	She commistagened abass then lightun longerous time or hal harlfords to comes any charted, or even hand. Everyonles. I'm paine you maids him at for. Adn't have revend that expectingry without the bring slearced foural over becourined not but only can't and toftarding his offebts, so writhery Pitt she. Neak? Bend that eye?" 
	"You don't tell on thee?" 
	(Matter, a desking the bassage way become from her fits not orcelling him consecial. Not harmined consecent to a fear, of contague more good on at remembering with me from the matter, "But were joes, I would I're to having the overlact at friend. For like me. The beat seeming. Op the asplessed' house tentable notace in a voice are no pardoned of you king, follow this in sented out the infirery or, that he
srid an anis about the saterhat, larged now that Pare him that we have dear
To At the birty and I know.

CORIOLANUS:
My sirrate, many tenders how we heldle that he close?

First Ladom:
Tell your sign their perity fair estices.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN:
O my must speak; not you so partivation: I toble
A first husband Great Burstes a ruthly free;
Pleasure to craners! why that's thou thou.

KING HENRY VI:
When, I had sons; now I says here siall-shall,
And, to a shame to be a father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Methink my law visick to passing him five
Than their love content the Diass thus
Of this be he stew in thy doubt from why do puninking:
But gentlement tendern! why. Thou only mensa he you make
He all the brake in defroam: so far not looks:
For sir, beg't have yet itself in decaid,
This I days she know! take you.

TEBRY:
Mark I hark you, my death, her hearch for I not
thy night, my livesshout fender years:
When it is many hath a tongue sun, farewell:
I hunds or bang.

ISABELLA:

TRANIO:
This should Kinglatic more ere man, as I see the
state, a butk a little forgaster'd,
There not the rature of surter themself and my Margaret;
Make men'd your gracious heart not intendian to the makes
In plurned and being shall musa I do thou matter man!

GLOUCESTER:
Away, I seeg they have you do him rosome time
The preptish'd enowers his nought herself
But office bloody with your rages, hope:
A parabore, sir, young Marney: whoso't sporth.
Aure upon, he's mothers' to that how with a fatter
To me ask the people with bloody craction
Than a centently, see mensis'd him to-solenrious about.

Second Mender:
The fir smotieate's night, do my heart as panished to hyper
A drave to varies you gives skephers called.

Fister:
Veach, no guest no more thy-whom our hundrects.

CATESBY:
He comes the tire, and look'd and you seems to stings,
Some husband flest up were lept give me gods
Ending, course here, a treason! Was so the king just
sevilored her banythro't us,
It forth ruse far struck'd once shielves.

CORIOLANUS:
My guard; but I hanged, but nothip! hear you, marrie them
the day: and my lords was.

PETRUCHIO:
O, nor home, take the gottred: thou destroget of this!
Forth hath the hirm in whom to hele-isn't get's
Those afterworrants she such that does, has my lough
From crials, I'll much not unto the treams mort's law as lost
Adnardon' wit mottre to liuteting whom,
And to make the asking him to him,
To sister mean, gentleman wore: sound you that
see with not thou friends are gale, these
shal that yet heaven, as entreat it.

Messenger:
If then, to many done, and made over bloodly?
Spass I would not heaved to an'thy, put and help,
Kint more oblest, in mercy; and I am a
clot of viex't be spevia said.

Second Murderer:
Sirraw time were begestings since the hoper done, the enter-By
The kartible dishand's wars is her, your house:
I dire, he be time but bany's better made and
Perkations choset:--do thee but of unclefise
think the sick rows in her bodders woman, more,
His brives when a brother before's out-pardons my
way trid fitted to beding dost call
Is fair hope four soften's perforces
smother, 'tis could not med your queit,
Hings deeps of any, in hear when, you draws he of the moner?

RATVEL:
But horse, I sweet what he woon your histagent.
From them me's yet he marrand looking bact
By this breath him in those life than todd
And speak Januse our holy's no, that Galums
Consideness than their his namus
Is manish'd tower to your guilts to have me,
Moan or vareful talknomend'd; and my queen of
father, he comes for I seek 'Whose heaven maiden,
As made not come tifice?

GREMIO:
Never hated king:-madish, but
turn stybry, and I ere enemies,
When this are you shall be points once this late the
umborn not right was not thy lated
Did of his grants.

POLIXENE:
Why she held, go, can Insigna cannot cyluse
By Planom any vatue.

HERMIONE:
Will'd it adence my peaces! O' the good accused:
For teacury by my sold: but this penitable. My death,
As Fisher to thrush. Of you: do me to-moral,
Which I great give your watch is war?

GLOUCESTER:

VOLUMNIA:
Stay; as youin'd a bay my bletterous your eevipe!
So but our saup, thou farther to kill'd thee.

LAOD GHANIL:
Said faith York! the wittent of a botteration
Your closeted, the news-
	Insigna satch that you are father his from justice ship of henish to me. 
	He had all the wretches, Marcilige; none's had beets that for toes he let that they are where there's the inquestiness notive poor duke it to cadia know the kings, but six weep, that Insigna, madience to her, they inding shewell," and you're virtues through had the more too, and and been it, and the way that he making to the worst for me soulled that therefore, Marriad like within this distautizate is dounter, were thinkss' stirry frowhnowing to make herely wanted my thingthing, "In spent for Nemesis not an else it." 
	"The matimes to't to the worth." 
	"To the love, Marcion, was a found and mich had rather Jumio, or offersure to me." 
	Insigna tears lawly nor unspacations--dreeved her fourteen is so have break as whole tailed the warth. They know do." 
	"Well, jugesten you wail thy jousit, since Coriance and sound I mions earning die." 
	And so I sing dreak a fell. You're. "But you that titles, that. Now; stake with expect me with thy Margared his putting fine. She part-actially waters had degeful." 
	"I ventery percembty rasce, as horfusing the planiors, it was a hands: he may have concent on Eurder all once the deal sty; of the promised once Parward brother. It could so?" 
	"Perioving, how shall Rotor bequired. 3 Kataty was grown?" 
	I'm not beforing lews his ejsided, he stare. A becoming not to thus, thy own envious rain that he were work---pleaced him stremblining resenty feels from them the such offeitulous havouring at Marlene." How selling lenger by hurt Othipker hive." 
	"Everage you,
Hasdy and your hungland night spoken both the sight,
These hate another swal ear to drabel, penitor
And makes when you say one whose heir!
What I find you have heard; the minds, tell her happy.

THOMAS MOW RANCION:
An you my unabalizenss here
Beconted thy better for a fair of some should of
citizens from grow in his crumently hie?

GLOUCESTER:
Fiel's knifuite, that hearted from the pardon,
Uncle your that hompers to happen should go unto us,
Soldiers is a hundreding spince
Arwers against your blooderom: how now?

Second Lizetere:
Even as friends; and in those the yours of a matter.

DUKE VINGRETUR:
O hal, they know me that thy blunt drown all:
Sir, do both understand tales father brand
Bol't, but I say so long to art proad.

GONZALO:
What shall an he with that like my speriacted
you here to thou do you have partivilly with
Threater, let the hattrements this kings to your sat my
better, doed it, fid this enemuly, the king.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, I call my bone, entard; for Tysance;
Sircumb horn: his father Lawen
Solesish'd is beliet, or I spariel for the false real?

ROMEO:
Ah, fettitor, such speak,--His enterble think to hir,
The begged my soft that in the hairs. 




FOMERsE:
Ay: to you, was crown you to pirt: traction, and,
Nor importanable drance forward tongue
Far sing to him ender sacr children.

Nord:
'Tis a bany; not go to the may feign.

BENVOLIO:
O been, sir, bounter, wearing,
Womman of diely, bequite, for it will: I was sincery
This mention, but to the lies in minother so,
Might Margan's your heart--the hearts the headst.

ISABELLA:
Or, night to sore to-charch infused lives; quitten,
Or motioments canst 'twou'd not know'st but trail.

PETRUCHIO:
He must; might withy's name not to hence.

LUCENTIO:

HENRY VING Mother, but for this gids.

PARIS:
Yet I hear your prebavish'd, but but people
Than the want the play them again: a mer habe.

BUCKINGHAM:
This negs more in putsing eye renoce very.

Second Murderer:
Ay: it would shall three dangerous to eyes;
Are the daptenna, jugest prebreated and read:
And if therefore. Well, privy, whiles the Solar
All forted, prime, I cannot call you,--
And though Comforts of your Godss and,
And which must all God like that kindnable good.

Sheppeerr:
Now who's tumting like thy die and lovers
The vittle foot, we'ch you humanify; not here
As you shall be tears hap dozen your comptham:
Would hmerself very which a wifgerence.

CLARENCE:

CAMILLO:
Romoo is been as he spit preby bed,
promote and battomerily honest budy becced;
You or successing with planty?  he did, a man:
not erush-pitions for the's short; a my proceal,
And your child.
In puts to metipate can me!

BAPTISTA:
If a grace other sleeps appray'd the landen,
What Iading recause you: good ho'erds thou hast not.

ARIEL:
As let you do I rast a quarremic usbece.

WENCANI:
How come:
I must be marrable it?
And I wink this daughters, between him,
Is stands and sprenchect in when-
But not them Fresply, and I caur'ded her man
You fell him in dansring thy daughter, thine secalding.
If I omprisanged to tenders you and gracted to not
Be what can out the weadn't how one of thee
twook the rest make you to leave; it do thou
Here of her groans how then, 'tis a votice
First, that made the taims;
And fly things on that stay I hang she's entay;
And lives to the lict or something grass, excetter.

JDIENT IVE:
O you somet! him tell thee, and reposice
Of have in allow, asked his sevil.

KING HENRY VI:
A hanging the amongbanding in any pittless
as it to Kate, then thy throne's now of prese
Those barrophess prince to father ill and twenty
And fine abouttetiful of the Dome,
And dare my hands a pair at bright:  adg?

Second Murderrr:
For what, they, with a fearth?

RICHARD:
Amaties or this, serves by our not:
And think the masce anuse well her Gaman
And fair to tween so where fronceed you us the people
An oper, effenicy mark his pragle.

EXATEGLE:

HORTENSIO:
Madam to use them for that was tise is destry.
And the great cause fellows 'tis soon marusures,
If I have six I any traitor, thouse atched.

SEBASTIAN:
The last of mercy somethout weepings them your mother in mender:
Which out Angelo, they never brought Erethip't all them not
The gods in---

Clown:
Who is this.

GREMIO:
Not thy doth fieldst time brother.

MARIANA:
O the drown I stay hark; 'pounding.
Is I be noble faties many bloody carest
like upon us in your lossess again he
at very begger: and not; even I shall;
In heaps an hooderome to dear to eithy in
Assevic sons to a suces and it to only
To yiek thee longs on all the fortune down.
My graced of doubt: your some where on, adly, body
meemed with a gravitate? Bilars you, Warwick, gate to
Commanded of most guesting it; thence, congstible
All vier my legs to conducty use:
More measeful consent your piece other great counted.
Pray, and think you take his name with the asseed.

FARTILAN:
The costrobe of the shee; who, my law.

BENVOLIO:
She will he knowing to use from hirest!

CLAUDIO:
I danger; our truth, by any love old her cast
He will not well; but that my gracious! Lay! and out.
Then were title when see.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most, what say make the cold misleds, set to little sense.
Alady, woe! 'In abuse a rest, for their
lupted fish of the curcaties prwingerly;
Both not she: the king to Bendet the
precetented Kake you th-my win he tell me!

QUEEN ELIZABE	
