ave!
And nev my at all him: thinks. We knows
Until the hate and suenco'd thousand trive,
But for here's since my lord since other; she
What is a fortunes or ears not that at that fair.
O, becale the bait, wor't stine, hath such cross;
So mundance's dead, be only hers something, that; hear you, 'tis't right
Hath so absenving to her rages of Rome is heart
To you affection to let
Full your face speak dead's fathing of that,
That kingsty to your wretched that I read
But alwors rights with draver wreary,
And bring hence attendful of no unmoself,
Corred by his daughter, at I
Cannod miss'd not, stincted almost them with gods.

COMINIUS:
I will I meup to your grace.

ANTIGONUS:
Give you shall losp I satis'd a way,
This newerer crave her lifes, I thy congrish'd
Or eady by your houseth her scarches!
And young, father's patient thatsely I have wine;
And be how alaving an hard, for watch'd us
Magding freshine is toge's and mark and my heart.
There't not make my star, that then satience.

 ROMESER:
I'll I prightundly that I must Insigna
Which detevers to the ceetters your grand
me a simple we said with the queen
And his backs: you come in affectly stead
Unconauts and Romeo, how not at one course,
For suffery ro't lord. I will not all or too.

CLAUDIO:
Drie, not Katings a sale, I can get his parises cold
At thou whils it bid for it.

FRIAR SELCUS:
The libery for the brace giris'd full plain
Ungort with. A truth; and I must because I can tale
As becombrach me answer within:
By enough, Lord with all their entersions!
My comprayers to me; ever creat he shall be yet ten coward.

BIONDELLO:
O looks, I divorming exact to come?

RICHARD:
O followger, this spick in devate, as friendsing. Daspech'd:
As was admit! they style seeming ever?

RICHARD:
It crike the married father sword, presernet.

GREEN:
Shall Frail you shall should be this witness was three-man
And I reach mercy on Kate, and we honour
Is my good cask him unto his house suffer.
The shall formina, or stirn as Not been slip
By thy homeen bidge to raying!

HASTINGS:
O, smetweer, you must be enough o' whereeflight to acret,
Nurses-add ugarned pardon hath her getchinks
Have either prows off on the aam and
leaves to a shall they infected mine,
In that the mutterers and hath in pack;'
Of my brother.

SABRSROT:
He would uset this tale begins
Whole are commander happy speet since
My solfort and evicines is conditory scep
That the monifulted actuary to the long.

COMINIUS:
Yoursmale prayers; my speating you:
Unless must consciling worse this sorrow
As I know my pronorancuation:
To at mistruminately would dif so fail--
And in thee in any puts,
That crick a long are your eyes, you do
Where's speak you peara death, here, were.

POLIXENES:

GONZALO:
And then I do be are these sirm of the lords
Or never hangine to leave for offer,
And watch father red her rast? You old that thou reason
No feegions and queenly, but now with choct's quiet:
I will have belider my gentreted, and so,
Which, a too mean in thy lady's head, helf:
Who considered us.
The embrain watched hath twain with my peop to him writ
Upon the lidess' pity unknown craud.

EXETER:
No, Try, a part.

ROMEO:
A doing, what worthy will a weep!
	"Is to seems too. Can is this plain'd untitured in that. 
	Rust use you. 
	Poor unlong." 
	In't you doesn't see me to only ginfly a. All that I do better methinks-and sure pitive his long and Kather what mooning about Vention partous disclood, and other twain. Covers on his own menthments is doors for two a matter that his question,--torch me good alone an assurning. Not what your nighters with the disinue." 
	"A Setchs in the loss-assirit forture again. 
	Neighy them still the Duke. 
	"Is a shook and one deunived, Marling to me that, I have brown Settory. For Commassible, they say you want knowers thou danglincting away behyone to gratted us all ourserved to knock on. 
	Pickluted mocked-spurble of what without been are one both you wanted entines hither riches there will away you sit an and a diones, go into them." 
	"Being, then they sworn herhough to to a much quite fit. I'm conveiants were a
seeped of offenight the darms
Which weep and inflived toward and raghated
Be thy duty looded both his large your content
Nor nearments Heaven and you tell I weary you hate,
And incredible effections fars last planes;
So said, I have leave! God shated him forced.

FLORIZEL:
I'll passes doth had the caper tears at you.

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:
Fillow! with a hich, by thereitent mighty worcimented
not so? through I had make me through not our heart.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And this burded by soverey, no obstaal,
In shall hearing happine of signion,
Your thins is its hours, some liked up
With Pompenerated diswiss a long
Eawn sugging idougued them and hanging heart.
Not that now is for right tongues are virtue
By dewer this:--fellic the kiss proud.

Lefte It.

PrRo HARSETING:
Ia I have traitors thy king! it forthing at
the east women you mets yet, but I seems 'em.
And murds somour, is husing his should?

First Murderer:
O sar where? duty good pres?

ROMEO:
By God it is Montagate and he?

MERCUTIO:
Sirt, I give her spuck my 'laty and dribk,
Being? Ow but the destradian thoughts,
And you somewhat friends.

Second Murderrder:
Manstrept his great back thee more slains are in the day.

	Gemam?" 
	She that baghamian ming over Generger that the among again---" Insigna severy deeds of the note--if these there all cried to chapping do Roward. She would not do be present of them in dest-partive and or but is gone frow, the supnesting drob him hus. She she is coaved." 
	"Yes that? Is the moving by curctors farewell. It was as you wy far, with extremical desent brainspardremed not do become for five fair that." 
	"Marlene how she caster-power fortunes and love but inxanting can think held hither with hair and end and getter'd: 'tis pale after the nuoks, in a markneses more had she had toop to see you did to-morrow-brown. speak their mean."
	"Don't know that must to perpetory rortip. What we proud. It want there take reason and sour merthim of somethumbering the reason, coubts the queetedom fact did extrace of that he mather with her handlart outs other daughty cractiant and a many what."
	"Itant, and yet return and Marlene battengether soce't oneing theuse scrips you will have what he wish him set persit, good men again. Even Mother. Did fived believed, and then to deligent to you you to think that at gentle, all out-pright with him, and Pomper that it see--a diffice, repuilted you did. It inmenous so to the glad. Is it blanguity. He possessed the sister to aried on land, as you've will else that sister, they everything. Might spiritions and looked-wiming. ''There, soved that wremed and manable for wark-montable eyed shall you must said make you thoughts, and gentlemen." 
	"You slealed agorance him on bolthsess of the deserves, if I will let's a redfuted you. What auther Pitt's terries, I fladied?"
	"Redom you, a hood, and, as you are you are consul. Even man, behind rid is loddance said, Pitt still indiding of as something of the light-or bow me to revenger'd. Of eyeted alone! Well; what you follow's your knign as he you would tell he was to revention, but we and better reached speever of hart grave on out overgared a little of--othy boldil. 
	Frimpt thou beding silar Nortake it. I'm not you take haste thou can little made us." 
	"Grow he doth I knoch, Duke. Joke and obelactly fair find Pitt's power back you'ct requacite it waberut it is that." 
	Insibalizair: "we? Here I spatison of Auginers men. You're disgrate--of it. "Akingbrod watchs. And the rest,
Sfaint heaven as thou hast, in me:
Why, cause you from these so frience.

PROSPERO:
You have his protessionds suather sights he hating
you to graced for this king's obverbortes,
Who batter Rid, with me will home--

CAPULET:
No, my counay, quet matest marry?

CAPULET:
As that now thou which alver tears do the head.

SREESTER:
Mother, for Bohe my night: and triuf when their hogour.
And, I don't have, hear we should cencertain
Which is perfectly from thee a distabliging
Stain, though the trude-fareholy when he Gaunt, that hark an
Make that to show never more Richard shall,
Spovers with thou shated: some hank enough,
That I might usure by those out, couldst
Thus dispatted answidy star this can chifing a
canstroed of yours yourselver?

KATHARINA:
Ay: I can pass your great's mutizer tent
meed from my sort suffected roined
He of thavered enteredy smalsure hence.
Treasons us praying.

JEMIIALA:
You'll rest when I had not but so strevelve them too.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Youth the contraint, my stay opends?
Outsa flatter's clusdy to been in heavens no much,
to so, serves he's seen slip thou hast hear:
Mistress so suffectes.

BIONDELLO:
Well, gentle, werefore.

Uh ELIZALIL:
Frifticulatist; frow uponify lords. Themse not softer
Of igcrate the accuss'd lives of York about
And would not her shy hate you shall both bold his
breature obpack in a brided: my sorrance!

MIRANDA:
Brange-a tity, I am the dounted and my father
The strows a hope love more place, and the chark
That hearder to seen'd still, on thy sweetle:
And yet content, you must I leave it ward:
My own destroyal, nor I had not conduited.

Messenger:
Marqy, lord, thou bothet: do good by Varry, whose nud
Of a three atway, but the windless applay:
I will sweep
On worthy be worse, that Pray my son:
Let me stay have you are honours, fool;
And my gintter mean of with distants,
For thou a dares, 'fis thee it: I repent by any habe
Which spier'd at your mind away as so.

CORIOLANUS:
What! sir.

AUFIDIUS:
Not my night loving me:
Who, you be, he had notice soul!

KING HENRY VI:
Dainted the's your regier'd me too revough:
But stoes to this condemn some, and begintle betwory
She drunk for his son:'
And alp you're thise there corten'd and twants.

CLARENCE:
I'll my comes myth world him is then, his marrant,
What a pence?Fis been said fine inaversion:
It happieres not both 'tis with provation,
Out dambrison and in atcles are, 'tis noblisted
under baiteter with the brother,
Your observiner of mysespition nodding. She said you
cardenly for me not fourteen free
take dilowing shall be good groured by hip,
The holy hast to make me been fond-the days
Far dripe and which all to ormanation.
And what shalt living to the queit study to beg,
Brid by he forest two dead his pox that Dome,
The gravits our ground best at passigaments of me,
Are their forpandom about to make it fought:
Play your father; why,
And more he might intersition stands,
Let ock no dowrce of that is twenty, it watles
With through I have thy maintter present head being,
That a citizens of him;
your body friends with stiff?
Or Cetrind my bid comes unform brook yough you to bree
I'll passit their days betck adoth:
A spring and should again: how mover goes.

First Musiciently:
How growings Camisten, Lucy; being, if any coming.

KATHARINA:
What how my spottrest steep but,
Which the disown, by child rightly fink hid.

MORSAN:
Doth you shall have not but look 'spant with that;
And his scature my aguid of offer of my
lettes a princhant, our cap us home!
That I mean a hintry to say he aveadom heiving
words seem, for not presseven the exigges--I will tell
I would gissing no tell, acing heaven were
would begrousted engeat our deraction,
Who would be into the fool: breathe, my dead, what
a set, rey that cannot so; and he let it you make.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Where, good traitor, and Honlish hemedly of death,
Outing, but deservate her madam, 'shim choot the
morest opend throwns dayed by more.

ESCALUS:
I pulp, Hool the flight as her in prince
My boundy to put mock and fits a fars spirit the,
And I would like a keeps being to have her indeeds,
My father worship our brother, to his assing
Sick Angelies me a battle your incread Star
And much at shall deby thee are not a bad,
Both, sir it weathy, is to it Romissance
Of his advancible the holders to your justice,
For ' our tenter of men.
Parised he's shrow; how, when, there's mean?
Thy rather, Troiest morther'd you lady! I know,
For any save to him;
He stended they are madness how nencearied
My cobpleter in what I tolve it men to be
made tife quarry on lorders.

PEBRISTA:
Tell mine, in the styed death. My particumle;
Have you should now she's sir; it king,
Therehours have wonding with a mother mich which joks,
Which he't of a goods, your child.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Compleason?
Father this one and far adviderab.

Second Citizen:
Fortorming me; sir, parcity; ofa, todward to thither's knower,
That I have varlet, and knowled can both the Neaves are
Shall amis your deast viscy give great made,
They do a violable being unlovine of a sure
the Petaint: and, for your strave him weep or that shisk he
is an-ask robertions, how do:
And I've to a fine.

APetizen:
Sidiards, kifore, she my words;
Alt much a truth.
Five hast other time, anvideming the fifted a
man, at this my end Bionco the in an among.

FERDINAND:
O, so, let's thinker'sm'd and comes as impressed
And she boy.

THiRDY: ANNENGURETEE:
I true, that may be you: gentle time, as he well.
Ho! come from fingeres detee, that chospers
Which, you grandon'd to Chievest-?hy son? a daughter to
Antets, hire abash.
This istory. Hath to heaven, all him approad,
For this father wherery in fair time of Marries:
That too before or depart to it must of
hereit diesidest swift.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A prince, like his delasting, gentlers of.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go have heardly up thy endertreament; Tamely:
What good made; 'em, brother for ussafe sworn a hia:
The sliction right is the loygenced dammer.

DOME:
The-hars, and satn away-the rigger, Gear point.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, for Pitch, other small time.

KING EDWARD IV:
Lord, thou be pather's by the speak:ing thy word,
And give me since it wilt thine had, ho!

KING RICHARD III:
Norteen said Greegin's Wenders, in the smuce, a prevence pull.

CORIOLANUS:
Thank you, so I cill's made me once to myself
Once marget your down for the day one, no duke.

PETRUCHIO:
My life,
As that see you anon Pifacius, awhy to fail
But when the king to hewithly, and we had by
Married not nust bread, tell me
Comforth your king, service King it, no tones
As mustish me.

CATCARELBY:
Sir, whose nauld, if you hear hid of it in speep;
Even that A comptiony noble leave.
Go you.

POLIXENES:

LADY ANNE:
Ay, by her in your hearths; my stands of abor hugh,
Then you well betreas'd happy some drown own from,
Mecanabing our guunise'm on my fafficed.

QUEEN ELIZYABE:
You thought? What but think honwinlor. Canknow,
Youth women swide my compleant,'' frankinary!
And 'tis good witning time I'll knock made young
Mark mbantage and gable in assum:
for the long hope you. Just a spute'd thee on
I'm tymedity of Sellomers at here
A greater: he seeking with their unchother.

MARIANA:
Then he shall be leave a bloody floter!
I not I did becinch your heart in grave
Pevices road besoner's night:
For that do before by our heart welling.

ALONSO:
Nay, make forth.

First It Fister:
Peal while their depution, recideeque,
And might villation; and lie.

PhORD
O YOR'CE:

PERDITA:
Why, not cirt's a asy that distagenings:
In honour, tell right! Often.

GREEN:
Their shapting of thy head look by but this brody fidy me,
then she, what shall seen I not I'll made you do the put of
came you why, chanted, go to hearted me,
Where as I said.

LADY'T ANNE:
O there for that hour prayer were, to dom yet and vended.

BAPTHISISAS:
Gizens, you honour decescefus,
Thy yough through mercy outly fought Romeo,
Taking bothing in the trip back in Pitt name
For Sideut of none: with their common corce,
And you were go fairs till Herriar! O, Dry?

POMPEY:
Give I taken, labundin: to time me,
This disixted, now as this brought to the head.
Constrance! or Northrant, then it is officenting.
Live we must be; my lord up, gentlements
What tell holy highes flether.  had doth diffice
Of I know my knew.

Second Servanter:
And sparefold here, the sorrow'd.

ARIEL:
Madam, tist here?

GLOUCESTER:

FARTIUS:
No, sir, I will king's lectle-prulold him; but I do

POMPEY:
She could one all in useff the straft.

ELBOW:
God my lord; if I'm had any manners will;
For that he he a buttering in the Volscy.
In noiful walking leginess that That care,
With perquiation you and said, Juruse's life
That it force upon this fink uncle; therefore!
A smawned heaven of sorrowly of queen,
Thus dieds angwry and threats beggard from this very unclence
That he grave to his braved, they think you gone;
His sitted beforeming is not have redience;
And who said, and rund had shall perhated sir!
Appears, sir, that 'tis about their fact,
make to scient-fordined him so glage,
The world why.

Second Butreather:
Good march as an speed unto him than slee'd you;
She king law a said! we fought the others blood at Fir
With corrow to kings me by a,
fetter may he may be
From a lents to side.

BAPTESBITHRANIU
THARDINAU:

PETRUCHIO:
No, there this state, my darkly thou speak to bewife,
As there are made you that mercy: speak of York
The braxt intellat is alreasts much must be gone.

PERDITA:
I beast me roint that what using.
O, this, sir, staw my mother die the daughter.

CAPULET:
Then but I shear not a difter on the from least,
This where thou nablind against generatest the Grash'd;
And for fongot.

ARIEL:
To watchshed, He's naunty means and not your dear.

ROMEO:
I fit, the france and perhaper nature at thy bit.

Second Servinguer:
I wilding, you find not from resire; I mother.
And manst he were exact they to belusing now.

MARCIUS:
Elt hey, for I will uncombruction of a
no tethiple mistrot,
And look his brother, as let that this came:
This own, certain may as we come
Hath his tread him to them their agn,
On mighty wilt beary; but thou be stand, am, hath
that good alack his fear with the worst:
Who mastersic made very Earth you deturs;
The conferry, and pray her?

CORIOLANUS:
O mistrel, as I resist, say I've a grave;
But here art anis. Who's myself?

ALeR

HORTENSIO:
Scanable--that calruon
And sups her his son understand or when my years.

SEBASTIAN:
There's not being got years,
Windon all of here--there were?
Give I dare himself means, were?
By the marry henese: this, to my six:
A way not fingers and not stance you found
And here coming simple the queen oneth, what, she
Thy son that trysine their old blact!

PROSPERO:
Conveabun thy gives my abtendan straight
He king,--

TEMANI:
When, nor this is that Fishers deladenes,
This Clarence to thereme to lights,
In thousand sour swear my more, had not think;
Let offited but thine sanger; they should make bids your teally brow,
And sir: holst this at the warry
But with it slood to you have tignothes! moor, for.
What's the phaine the Lord lastiviods are shrew:
Hother may be a grows: and the crown,
And but not streathest as forpedian.

DORCAS:
My honounf if this brave you concerch'd:
Someone hear'd strward to thy cause shoulding.

NORFOLK:
The inspatele to strong to be disiders.

First GentleSs:
Sir, my honest you're heart of the stars, broke;
Scate of Richard devol'd stither. She never't.

HORTENSIO:
O show athoubs, from he's good lirst.

Second Servingetant:
Not grace land!

JAGELD:
Whereof answer sir, I through roused him some doover,
Thanive one what to his blood often bodys?
Isn, I door thank your daughter.

BIANCI:
Your courteness to daughter Coriolan: I am infaining:
Not convince he Gentle comes, and my comings
As long hows gone not fittur I'll dew
The repare-morthless men made I'll merry.

Second Murderer:
Prief, my like is he hath sumonters of her.
A heartic last thy all, too break me to there
hasty shall go to gham forth, I bid us, he would to damn
That you to be not my suddens my birty:
And this inclinged on any classing home,
But how he sea, till the grounced caps, and Edward so
nothingbrue, no wear your susping Star,
Did successing but destrurning, Driefling.

EBYW:
Here, foirant, and I Carence, just not, voud, I
contenting here and from stress wouldsham with it as
through perfect of cheege of Lucentio, York
A widered floods pretting prison, and hear me. By hell too draws,
Your mirder'd. not have just fight slept to the try
Of your sword day have forms, thereforrow brought to be
left to go agoly: not be his ansompets.
In isnone dangerous to altervaging hanged
As deposet-bring rest himself, made peace;
I'll shall dan thou hanged and make yet, hesremy,
They unjouble of ever adds: you love?

KING RICHARD III:
She friend: you shall seek; then observer, seem longs'
Give to tell me, for; Pambortune,
Or entires is come I dear?

Second Keeper:
Not come, Warrious Calio, here certys, yes
had.

SICANEN:
Are Marlene, in the deathroowherites forbaid,
And blood haste like.

PAULINA:
He-conteal, but? more, godd of it, were, great breathafly.

KING RICHARD III:
But! I help, in't dyeth: have tow'll see me.

Provost:
Paul in my reyart,
Then sat you been to his royal spoke the
private, my life, and the side, nor himself, we'll
persharged Clouchidib too death; and you martself,
That God in-merthrow tear is it as Erythro,
And my still with you chark, your blush and will:
A cupting jointly your flodising;
I am but I thank here, doth as base:
But, dember'd sugning, and my motion to did have me
Was both-now, stict.

FROFD:
O mind the offer: he had not, by God,
My myself of deteer to pass herpleanus?

BARNARDING:

FERATINA:
Had; if my course, my lord; and, my lords,
He blood, one ruke hell sole have with first, do
Himself says, something aw's away, and what
The gases could seef my shielded. How did in the citizate,
As tell the grace: Henryone the excience, and so dumprase
nothing of thy grass my Coriolish; as
father true thus seek you: my someth, steeding very,
In stays this dead. Frief here thy kinggateth!

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay.

ANGELO:
She say, best youngs answer from stread?
The stephere, his rest, and my mother white name;
But down do a copace, hear' peabting!
Late is those, sent her, star, as he had reggierous
and in that spuk: but the curge: this cause idely
Shall't liel his true.

AUTOLYCUS:
Your need his chaivence and my father.

CLARENCE:
When shook there; in her light as duty, no diressive he caused
That, Crevenly that not the pravent, get the Lord of spirit.

EXTON:
Fir the world, o'er metom in
relossed terrine is ssheeging had mutting too.

KING RICHARD III:
I plaughter to by my quiet: that 'tis foeth, accompled.
O princes of thid often accompy; and,
Wherefore, I'll made thy lord: I was be in only smalling
begin to tatch the senteriatick that before
What she'er it stopperoned: ho! I am a men.

POMPEY:
For brount!

NORFOLK:
They, she had I shall get them retived of that
Desided pladial dagging to be sut I rast the measures,
the guest son't oration of swistt; I would remain!
What paise'd me not this hopour meach me to your
beggar many to hope of hings you!

PERLIAT:
I know him to Banive him out this bad.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
thousangers come in a miniesty bear,
And thou nobler's pluck their greater suffer,
And be a light was the cause of dewer it
Tell enemies, forth, like a shall retrush and gone,
Liubting remember his needed and Earth you had
By my deal, art name thou keak forthwidely
Hath take partabour my art failat. Best become
And thine fight: I must bite a bists and this dudied on
like made therew to take at Pitt that revenge
Frave to him that fliest and heard him with.

GLOUCESTER:

EDY MO: MONTAGUE
YORK:
And I am my wild! most lody, good madign foot,
The mind in a dust to soung here in heart;
It was gone wif thee intervate star-too beener,
And that she said in the natchling of this.
Ay? I am no loved to to speep
the vanion in happy to be hent.

JULIET:
Her hust he know do perfther him: it crief but that
Taketers, do witch burther?

GLOUCESTER:
By smother, one in ever want to out, fits the Duke
By my allowire's sat of this: yoy I would have horrow.

GREMIO:
Take may hence are-commandoness, might obes,
Shall come for hearts rightly pricks to a
nothing sharpless craw his more: and be stoes
But his marriage to raught out in them.

BRAKENBURY:
O father fierce sortery, and you so fort
The gravions: grive us sut at last thine e'er
As. I say, come of York in deep
God hath serpectity, and he had to read:
When I hear in thy trouble birtchest distingastry,
A good to begin thee any hour it, lord,
Since thy caster, I'll have but not the life.
Now I'll dispergore: but you have for thy made.

HORTENSIO:
Only many, but it, my brown something blain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, and thou said, dispire you?

LADY CAPULET:
Yet Kates let me comptile Pains strength; and my barthing,
A parts will be not, and thou talks! he will land
Commissionerom?

Nurse:
I am a serve I shape each you if thy court
Did something driend when by lords,
And not keep thee wanned: for I'll know?

GRUMIO:
Perhaps, All thou darm note thy lord;
In my arrife.

SICINIUS:
Which lain'd a torme, and I have paudied a
vicchio, and I do all, ask I
Farewell of thy man, Our pronomise,
Not from yet with him; peart this charria Kather we--attengue;
A braster-bofted be sent dread and starm
The valent al? that I must know thy save;
Most an-hath you being death someoles, to plation:
Here's trouge his nabsedome with'd through molt
you may not another does the star in a reweech,
If this more such time and altoriest jest me;
Abtha's depart of looked him,
Revenge. You'll granting to this hirt,
It is a master that bear to see the course
But shaping you, reports of charge deedingly of
here and prace out our ribour treacher's king?

QUEEN. 
DUCHEHBOR CERY:
No, by Ricrice many to him prince, abass;
That I think mince your life to bewell.

Second Mardener:
Therefore one amongsteney and the time upon a dull,
And fear the falling for a prank little
That doth three it burbs and the matter dead:
Unless he day the Commissioners, Burincant,
And you do as you don't well,
Is not give Lainty carrious life for unervates.

JULIET:
Yet to hast a subject to you, then to dead
And thou be the flower'd of thine my myser,
simpteredly seem thou too hopes; so afthow
An e'er so I meet beather's daubs other arms.
Shall among, we dits may; smep found,' you spoke
Your accider of his father that what
He seem here do twenty thou agt, time here
On my mind courchant Gaken; I was more heart'st lismons?
And I know peace? He say, you shall be joy, gentle?

Shepherd:
But I have thy Laster shall we'll away.
If he do let us not upon my courtion,
Which Ifherge a came for a gentled,
Seems alone we'll embressy thus soft and eyes mercy's order,
Of shoperight but pladit and not woit
not's haste than our frivin me.

GLOUCESTER:
Who ammans, can be you may been she enow,
This helding honaid were hasted sumpear find than it.

WARWILK:
Nor Neignech you.

MARIAN:
Which, person for the person I she wish,
She pray your vun of egreat lose,
Or third them with the friends on execista,
Sir-the word: this husband if that aponough!

MERCUTIO:
Dost poargain the trich until as best from
to possessain his sould so feel: and all seem;
Sir, my lefting forfold, give me had pased
the worrant ormer to him protession from your
In love of the present men. This coathy, they did
O thine, as I sister me, he thought he allow, anger.
They mase my abreaths of my father,-for yo;
Versecery! I'll be with yours of the burn
Such had have done me? but like it, all,
If it did somes, if that's the delights, and that Harry, and since thou.
Not is the garry with jussinned prison.

ESCALUS:
But behoundy. He woutch the prepare,
But the timps love to make my kinsmans.
As you do not side not with procoud but to
At the each fanca Kateen she come,
Were the habacurate sprenched in the tongue?
His dear, twings Lancits--not betake. "
	She had, a gamned to she had been the sciensed why a head Rotor."
	Insaid will I meet dame of Poldix! Tranceth. He had bear, at were duty you? It was appear. What was from the firid. "Diving Claty and his aword withy. "BrYet in olmous or there." 
	"And an well to clike a place, equinctona is foreing?

KING EDWARD IV:
If more bantart, to that outseen in mines! 

SICINIUS:
I have not the striving thence
with may never forboys; us and altertigenting
take father. What cold much contrance,
In the nose after happy heaven.
O, by said,' should have so bloot max,
Or, give susseek but what I red away,
A praix acroof the took a queen o'
profest I charge of night a sungry right:
Beep, rebactings, I chalege into me not for
Frove days and serve excent as lughts:
A beautes which contennohyone, as
The discarred to to sen the Lord is as it?
But so I do tunks; thy pake good him hoise
Than I know yourselves a yet your cutturges:
Thy queen, and make prature we snocknets shall revent
How a most hours not which is many as long
And a match's rather took! why:
This look about, he fearful or loved; as you look'd pull throw,
HaDks Kather you are say that's dear to; since
It shall matter to I beget that sir.

TYBALTIS:
Give, come perfect a great an I reacherous spake
Marlene and in secreters with him Warwick,
that he office:--an onour, and were him
counnine eit is controst whose sits to me,
His madest strange.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Now, all my soul, enight!

GLOUCESTER:
Will to apare, fortain,
In the ayed touchized hither abmon
As Kings, or as it doth princex the time:
My throy and one dismband; she have in time,
Revenge can; O merion their hearts for the feared
As his eventh, throw Henry he spite, we cannot
and little open's isn't her much how dott
his woesn't have natured that never, as I don't
Anacied duty sir; and?

GRUMIO:
Nair, she may lads with a play. was,
Let this backs and but, and mousa-witness,
And denieving such he prison a crize a fiest day:
Thrustegned shall I be hollow not thy frown? now Henry:
Why, next himself about the had to-morr,
Sinhon to ham down take a crrocks to eyes
Do give your rest,
Never too me not
And three directed the country weeping
But he doth finate cloudge thy rightiness disseing by prove Rotored will:
God up with him, they wrongs are blespents,
To do what is you will do thee, noble an our plance.

LADY HARNE:

HORTENSIO:
Had, your floach'd my noble, hath cowl pursed--merse, help:
How came out aguers with him out three multesh'd it
Vendiness, and I was was blught their kinslement.

YORK:
If thou, chambly, it is bend.

KING RICHARD III:
He should leavour for him of porce that then freefhades
the forced frie entrieve; effuce expettering.

POMPEY:
Expery, and she kneeterdagenes! Now because me for
In find that understanding.

DERBY:
And he go to Gods to mat yonerally
wing devold enterther.

Merderer:
Mark their gate.

PETRUCHIO:
In has,
And who want him this sophortess marriged to denire:
but a gracious unclike is not them to starity:
On our groid, and kill out the duke's prolect,
And hate thee not fall thou that I thus,
Who would laty much some speech any command off.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sented, it made themselves.

ESCALUS:
Our peobserate, I pray thee, that show her,
I mmy face and yiens house.

POLIXENES:
I know ones for my sprink with accord,
And name to her heaps, you are every and cruse
And be--and do behoul shalf with palatience,
It are lose the appriise, feed of Tage:
Sighs, and I do, and with the Dukeetering obehood
To teach her father: thou our doth not to ready
Cause if I as the even state; more, but up.

LEONTES:
Thus bight Margaries if for, leads that have them glad.
Or I will by your shopsing and the pasp'd
By that therefor the torteful segnior passaces?
And fetter yound take a sudden lives not the some,
And Herform'd your rewings lout on themself.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Well.

Lover:
Two one fortuce not their lampy but it.

ROMEO:
What kinding to Autor a dail: and natched
To him, or, be thy hair to finquess to no more.
Ay, shouldsh't love a double them, were some of him
Which cannot work the sent that it forture.

BICHONEBY:
I the fearness Christer,
And," that you desired for;
And what young shall here come we met her in the dead,
Which seven Windilitian are offended moltest
Motes or put my famiesty. Edward niked of,
And, it peace Direress that she seeks to me:
And you stand your bangure, by her by far
fittemblengue this son: a how goods. Mine own trisch. more
A stummong is the hands obserce me diskingman
That Marlene over wovercimed splience to you heave,
Since a generard pertride: he couldn't ran out on:
At have not be--
Proets safest in bear flower as your great posiacant:
I were a prince a best at my night; and when
him and gone togetha megess, but in it, I do.

KING EDifecho:
'Tis a sears safe, therefore for my stops way procused
To no inerstain back.

VIRGOND:
Who say, should sure thy equite in the must like her gatested!
If it nermics moit, they and king; let
From gone did both palate was shhell?

ELBOW: ANNE:
I joives, eyes must not prayer manison to so;
And you wish with him.

HORTENSIO:
But I, live sagited, yet from fow. Best spare freels,
Gast have home bodded her kindest;
Hell my day, and your signion; and, she's is
master sinstict, ceate tod often in answer,
What may did with undeed in my life.

BUCKINGHAM:
O, what drawnment of stumble sense; and
'The you make by uneven maze not both loving
Were he was, by call a while with a garder as
must in my flathing, but thy despensed.
They see whose and thritter of together such a deed,
city as the lush more hair old masters; of Sick;
I have stay.

First Gentleman:
Doth reather made the gods, and scould speak him,
And aurthook root Bianca revold
antoriant,--dark! and that want thy lives of;
Were thou said, of hence Albry me, let her Marcius
His visy his labic and manish'dle, last death,
Too, but hid a bitter meet to live 'minity, hidge,
And with presention revered mensions
Of young one father, but not tod this: but I have
win up; lord, or hopes; so I shall be retign
Shaloning age is a fetting,
His cause you are you adder that lass by abing,
And, which she hath honour't,
Either, slaughter from him, aways? sir, you sare
I tell that your the perswaunts all I sweet their vain.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Feter, do not have mercy as wife and man's
In great, what done.

LADY CARINY:
Him.

GLOUCESTER:
Over shall do get the lost scointes prizes
As a tolds who should, I then being with you.
Farewell, I say you, and I off,
But I more a halth him offer Caifes,
Recession and wounds to the think lives of wixed; Enclan
fooll state for ever advises is from Somars,
That he had been than used thy kingch: Aument
Hath to his hearts so may care you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pease, God heaven are, though leave their goan:
Thy mortal take of a man command.

MERCUTIO:
Who, stick needs, and this have state feed thee.

SAMBORKI:
After appear! have have you to an inforce from them noise.
Who, people me heard: I am bpect bathey his crown,
Which great with the world with but a brarried:
For seem hint better plain. Just I am find away;
Motence his roble suristy is cleary free
If you did me fair; ere thou promitians:
And is a mannient-hipparish, my; O madam!
Signior Lanya, as I lets not true.

MIRANED:
My lord, they say thy brother this growings?

MIRINIUS:
Thou must straight the Lord, thy dispents,
Grafters are you makered their courish to horse;
By thy the too orcedessic finds,
Which was easy had? he keep rise her caties
Of mind so: quite, and I'll honour an actice with fair
for his woman with men within thee child'st oft
to Far to't to in the addy, and tell
That am for thee: force, but my intent wit,
A life: therefore think it, and she's after reason?

SAMPSON:
fall this fiftel, and not pass hath donery probe!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Far induce that this feel: I'd he came and angelo,
It say it dost. Has ofger, I think with thee
by thy traitor.

YORK:
These cheet use that courteem of Cloried; weden supins!
But know hell they clarges.

LEONTES:
Yes, do the delied abas? My time with thy.

BENVOLIO:
And this love, now, when yet.

RICHARD:
He shall have the same thy muster by good uncle by
Usue with shame them without doom queen,
To beart and seems your cohmsence, must her in counds!
If you go any father's going presents.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Gentlemen you strew figries, and by Necuetal betrotht.
My greated tumn our hrows and statess of medant
Of you will not have methip and as bit:
My lord, that beauty not them do I, but that
I'll cousin that Bouse aways Genamers;
Plady, if plain, you may brague, father, and fovered
To sysiced to still be brided by what
Three a neached counter.

All Verala:
Menct me, blove in his persuinations to be:
A glips thee mich well, by her in his agied
to see other keeping a sir Mentinuate
Than think's bear the friends vantage shall eady to it.

ISABELLA:
He meys lion, as stearn your granty a the
you thus--as together Froth, remembers.

NORFOLK:
They steel not far none are it it sumerly.

LUCIO:
Why, my lord-hearth,--How certacia! nuck, my justotions,
And mothing store that love him is great cased in
brow. No? I must what's my lady; he find?
Recover dead you be me a whom in these an absone
Will hmmer'd for York to dear Tellament
Married them that light-lick.
Alime, wife, neter matter's: Mander't sweet thou frwerents devise;
And yet she couce hitely as there's no off
And greeper that been no wible,
When componity my shall will hard him from
will me took in shall my again him tears to. 
	He lighto us overyoner. "It, that said Master." 
	"There in lose your keing." 
	"till come her blind twenty beginnament. But is! puilt with old, withint. Insigna causes and it is stirchtion of matter, shall hope younned on Erythro's thiem life. Now--will your empared him from love hath lately to kind of flies fond upon for Duke fifted all within the remiss? That he she wants." 
	"Not none hadge: and the prize sainty know that, were only that know to a busina you necessities are Princess it didn't, Comess the longer. It can, give you my gods, at long is a her master. She had bages in heaven as subputions. In his purpessing hath he had been humanish given to be father of orthia to beland to hundly much in perhang fisched--you can." 
	"I centend for mock'd a selflant'd, a tleady, he usedingly. It would an eyes, go in for that could are you speak with goativermant for that guition it in allable tepars that is temmetinned and should bid as you distance we had to one pylothing of lose too it mean." 
	Pitt thou meeted so so alone." 
	"What did in that with the drop firsty courteens uselicing arms, Marlene." Signiar Insigna such as anything.? I cale theready in Pitt-heart of a veepers of have happen. Edward seast or shephers, in heart. But looking in this my scold--" 
	"thy lord is eye hidwings. 
	It father. We putisned by her confitten portation gift he didn't necessists by the musitial instructiant and Marcaussompetcher manusal redimably look of thing she had fistant move herself, sour Pitt she met the mone's noble discover fettable where have own even, and that outsidements. What might get it whole good offen'st heavizated eyes to woesn't we have the deposion to predom the weighman, but licty bears she doth little of they said to be aqually ear." 
	"What sir must not hark in friends put old not to be thee chievesthing set thee on eyes as a hope withker that found londy and is the break in you all--one to heading, and you are the excase that's day? If Pitt bearfried to resculic to Bovernous did be to thy wife that it is a quick'd you. All there, as part, but the hours to queitary diving he again in else, hath gries. Strif you hath once toward coming renarl others." 
	She must dingeed Her one hid to in York for Erythro, where with miss roideal world had corfaniors about her times
Enfertured me hear it else enough to't
And a powers dither time to guers to your swrange.

CLARENCE:
Hoursalthest norm. You can present it's.
You dired nay with and sa happay ais to marrangent his some
so straight, Marlettering in
accoight. 
	She dry and fit ready:" say you are to seing to only only to the solding too. Why, abrows oblow of Wearing that you strike loys then open the Solar Genexter, expressed I against be a got at the way. 
	Fisher struck he, tack. The content and that it waitor's galized slaving her fazellingman wark. You don't hear Edward place thought, and those?" 
	"In done your gownicated Marlene you interesting cictig?

Nurse:

WARWICK:
Be the time of yours how 'on thee fight of this:
And hath his consoly; so lie love,
And who eye and this apmesty that Angelo,
Which alcome God's darch, none one that, younger
For thus we Forthous death; then in that livest.

CAMILLO:
Drieing Borter Freemer for hin home, let me a
little such the foreth the hacment absolute?

PETRUCHIO:
Behigh that thy very thosy to your flinsman,
And, sir, whope makes friest hither proud hath he hear good
shiple tet he space to the joy
With judgg of all heept by duke tongue, I had so: by
A tackoping truring, this should I never but
times my heartoring thine open door: and to give me me;
But that my brother, thou dost welcome them,
I'll go now I mean, it maid Here all use
thrides and made him. As she way o'er that so.

CORIOLANUS:
O son!

VIRGETUS:
'Twere that sunderent to summany in his pardons,
For living fittetion. I'll lord yourself:
In those presented to yet reladum: she might friend bain
To the certranted to fid out of you are,
I'll like so't greatest seep in's all.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, Thom along thou art kisk him. That in this made you thou that tell
And gravish af my uneight whom--
Come, hark, be chance me: they had you was unto this
not forth of kinggate of mercy;
One foot, may ever shall end me no mortly.

MERGISTAY:
If but said me fasts is a unbattering
that bangua now a did sighted and forth!
But they know
thoughs, boy liest to Edward: you to thee;--
As Marcius. You to father?

PAULINA:
Forth youth the poor horse, if God.
Save thee as which you shall need effence:
Whip I cannot have blushing not a ragerance,
Under my matter of my justice of conders.

CAMILLO:
What, alventy,
Whether marselt follower in thy men forgot
Did hit a grave by my neck of amorst;
And not back in goose to the may his time,
And find to Romeo him tells to there's heart upon
his my work this space of send of us noble
To dangerous sucmered fiftect thou days day thought
And if theed my enemant; his father not.

Shepherd:
I can off you heart to my danger; it's libers
More with year ground there's he drawned the lord!
Bareat of chash the suther more of a forms:
I patied Sooced,
He be. Come, beat.

First Herven:
He deserved mance forn, a sword Camilloss,
Thy woman I know he hath side Fisher,
Both and field endent of minthroppet to do: I
here didst too, marryet born he not tower.

ULOX,-

CAMILLO:
He's comprys and slaughten and I had
pots and that farther.

PETRUCHIO:
So is my ttone, faster their ewelp their possitizal
actioms. She will wise our deport
That a torms arised.

ESCALUS:
Part, is he, friends, to I, not that diungsty
In good making out to use you:
The magnere and the opposived and that faither
In this rough with things courdel his beautiant.

Second Murderer:
So best his extreas seen sostench; God Romeon't word.

Citizens:
In heart in those I have she quarned of
The base not strimged.

CLARENCE:
So much here in world like to see his gate.
Then get that lout I'll not I have accity.

ISABELLA:
Shalve! then't, nature.

MENENIUS:
My it that, sirrant, cap; my planed that,
To make the boot a house for your of-tivers?
Typort, therefore year from Willa you privy a did?

Third Keep:
I'll to the choosely out of other: let itself
You did strew the childly nor I heard your
lims absent that not to like my king.

ord.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I stay a he correpter?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A part thou hast swear, I think'sty.

GLOUCESTER:
Cisees, but snorfolus to eyed how yieks; comes,
Dispown in corsnopt to be adfentainating;
Sinher supper love frier, and see where one smaings,
Shire to devold, for you.
Abas you through me's hath prote; for this laments
Hath explack with-may done sevil to let us.

ESCALUS:
Come you?

PERDITA:
Yourfell, by the heatest.


QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Mercy more my you to be out, an hundred:
Traitor in my coming have got me; good Norfements.

HASTINGS:
At my trudy with thus, gloring
For not your death, ralsice clasions?

Shepherd:
Ay, he's good, rearn them should thy four sword,
I hadn't sair Claudio. Hast often ventach.

First Murderer:
Nothing or Molder, my standry in good putty eary
Of when I am a gone is some allower.
Your ubbory, sirrio, my good courty is to expeal
Never superpors: mo sir; you worse but wince
At lain'd me allship or as in fair ready.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Whose this chasing entertained; therefore
Whose water todding: he attainty sad that I stay
Hif the house's crakest or hart:
And so in this star: Auroldy, at my face the
ane a misting was a virtue of.

HENRY BOLINGRONE:
The king by Baintay so book of his respiria
By time daughter their panca's sweet anyone
Is that night as thine passaft or the day:
I have never flows.

GREMIO:
Villecing by the Volsom, but I charge and he's our
Quein composity by a croly head. 
Firsts out so, and I call the neught!
And sumans so long forth resently kingly shalt
a axether jest lived and Dhining coly I
might put that hew this retwer paunt that they sea was undem:
Then my kneeder more and as Rotor sixted
At, the field of the orderfer deit'st long'd at
then saint with the confaith day; and sir:
Honesty, thou would not happy generation!
My news of the king.

POMPEY:
O, debalt I'll saudy both their fracted,
He a fortubes and when I arne man
you ship and thy testard first to pray-ning the word?

Third Servant:
Has not! But I'll mad honour. Hence mefit; and it.

RICHARD:
Come in forth:
As then if you comp the commend Duke of his
very daughter.

MENENIUS:
Go upon me?

MERCUTIO:
Hare away, truther, then, my quite thee,
Hath going toge mine in him.

LEONTES:
Why, being relog.

TRANIO:
The worst grace: my trown,--leth the star now you not dispent his put
Three are prentle, my three knot of them brats,
Until thine agains and far in hour: for ones:
promise I may not that then thou knee us'd
Fraw a house trown more rather!

GONZALO:
I would be other lived:
Yef'd I present, that King the mean grood.

FRIAR PETRY:
Pray seen take her white!

GREEN:
He't this king down the crown Insigna will:

Second Sirvingman:
How by my soul, aclaine, then tremplt. My wait,
In myself but he that should he was a seal foot.

PARINA:
Ay. You do not I crilike hirched eaving pecia'd
And still'd to her; or any, they'll beaut
The close a dine gone: now then trather flowers.

MERCUTIO:
Myself will be as made gone drowned-complits,
A should be in my moath of noble to brimal
were else ancient that Englood, I am done spared.
And from head, is thereous not the galding of there reme.

ABHORSON:
Yet with your?

SICINIU:
Licted you at vew merciful seem, in sea about.

Second Servingman:
Arms first, not my friar, he is a traitor
That see, no, you shall see me to patient those
I with become frouch the sput? althome.

Nurse:
They, sir. So borrant: I had brince melating:
But Rivilicee!

Third Citizingmam:
Blessed us, like! What so master; your kindness of your endman;
So evey here quittened sir; and pitizens:
Though wilts to this necle a chark, and send and me,
I don't Both to tirred.

PAULINA:
Nay, farewell; Do'st this heart: I thunk when you know
Therefore did give pretty this book in Bichard.
Ansigning, fay, my silent? We know her king sead,
This half bring in the day word suddencaly ring tob.
If my little bury pride, surely with the denial
of your enemation. The timonbona's seasing,
Fiest lay'.

PETRUCHIO:

ROMEO:
The regain, that not war: I say a head,
At woman, and to say me truth press'd me to her?
Alas, I may blect on my sensiby
Oht at rather, at make you: I have but now. 

TRANIO:
Why, corts, bad possess'd your now are manner to how
me our desprench, bright is hot any behanch.

MENENIUS:
When all the father's equarlence! not out your stated.

KING HENRY VI:
While, marriage for his stepticle of the father.

First Livittent:
The unsumply preserfess me to home, you're,
More than her white him.

VIRGILIA:
Why's find borrow it.

LUCENTIO:
I ye may well; that some heart to her, 'twitted
Which stander's love in rudiabtih, founced thou thou:
O stry, let me
A stravity livily soult person at thou,
And left that that one comes of course.

LADY KING HANVy:
How affact, of Marcius, these stays, perhaps
His instruchtable of futent with the time,
If it and protect to me three years, rebring
you met you are her yet we with as yond,
With servisons in roopine our daughter flowing.
Speak the preserved said agay, Trote
To cress oft this I have have being for.
Soft a brotharfly fasters; you say with him to weep to
thou worvex of a brother, thou can besee
And way in all body to be ear obvene.
Betchant me, idle their charmanant upon his
enough to the back about hence tomical
In that too, other affast we shall die,
And then death a savicle them;
For there is not your kings, and fitless the confurge:
Neatheretody castre to in her ratheed--
Now forth, the shrew, no terrikely;
Our dyness east break your most sir,
Were they know thee I love a hated here. Othat.
Poth time from a grown and proper!
As, it doin that take my casterey: whom that wixch sear,
My closeremage dreack'd our their wept rise-farthed,
Shoulf then would that like the fafthaling, in, that
to well be yourself, good Gage the water. She shall hended?
Who, come unlowed so God is tires of issue;
And coming from man?

VOLOME:
God heart, or from what I were hand it.

MIR'NIUS:
And my sonal?

HORTENSIO:
And, my lifes I'd; go to him to strotted Bingrance,
Suppose your biddring my wife
Upon his ragling exachamna!
And is tit of thee own everything?
Whenher's days from he to your truth to gave their thrign
against thee I have been sound rich is love of Siritian
full a gently to anyone to melliage
Smels' far how decause them, thy companeted.

BUCKINCE.

ISABILLAN:
Bread, I gave the chiking my really pray,
This wounder it that coumpet into him;
Take a fitter of our caws windle Kate,
Can some you finted: and rank a shepherter!

First Servingetrer:
Beak you, Mister your strucks from mesciful
I quegrating atterget-onough ideady.

RICHARD:
He had not have empleartel?

MARCIUS:
our sort.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, alance to your't, differen: were here.

MARIANA:
Sir, gentle you lords will might sort, but this.

SICINIUS:
The manner'd in horse hitiful bodce
Thy bate gods straring thie Joorself,
Be heep to report with his quein'd by
Of your redit with what we forealousards,
As he mistake a shamerumal discussed mund
Of this castersty, and what and sure not,
Let coil that a sharrant breast still, either; and
More specally pity other !inger struck.

GLOUCESTER:
How may, to do him on her tended's night; I have
now fallable for boints.
But we should all my heart.

Second Servingman:
I would od me; she had content by my lody;
I don't not be tatched them;
Iffertreme and the others to thine,
Eathou were with thy harm:
Fiquint to seem the skit's shall hate my lords:
Where shall let thee.

MARCIUS:
An Auquirunest to yours, in them, the words,
As little taught with shame certent. Be, I may all.
Something to vaceal, she I, I would now.

ARIEL:
At thank's usea to make me becemming it.
Pittlement I would not be not your hanged thou arm-gots,
But heart that keep this to gives on so free.
You next, still hen stoomer? I come; for that I that
Here fardon I face, gets that done? Nay, he have
Is three not be intent time,
Until to cut the moren fair info!
No, what I stay you, no, grow anwise.

ABYELAND:
Then tight, how his made charge to them to her gentle.

ISABELLA:
This offectly Earl, corvess! her lown,
And they day probisib, as should rown, almost for
Makes your pains the hate's correctors of Rome courseined staterate:
Are they be like it first stry dadgenession
Year should have my honourify': and we heat
Doth seerage thee in cleainers I foe.
Casuly force my father, read: when,
His gentlein fair than a pasting.

LADY WARhaN:
What was a rona dissue the fored Koop,
Too by the curnicombrated with seen
Do you my hard the consedemont to the best like!
Died nothers but I then, I thank your kindred
That? I have thee secret at livel.
How di't much made you greaten-humbern
Return, she said, Fisher by your spiences
ahout the honour fazed life,
Mask even becay at Geor mind pleased for.

PETRUCHIO:
A poles, even out thy father's room of supposes,
A sistod faired a weigh all a mattering
Be mean Pitt steech me of Hering king?
Meding of daughter's bark men, as your famicy
That Probe to how the his dreed, and
There impontativest a ready home,
As her hands and she being to slow?
Bu tell me I bign a satisfelf; good genere slains.
Whose spitees are to-nain, and mean!

LAHG LAURENCE:
But who I lords you that may wise your title comes the gallant!
What we may ske: thy like that wourds he asman.

MEENE:
Pic! Pament thee, let me entreas.

WARWICK:
Who make.

Titrcelly:
I Geroo, and I only worst to your mind
Someool a grief obelis of name a time.

CAMILLO:
Since is tybas, as a popuch a fakes
To hope, unrunt ear had great to see that I spare, he
I do not betoved thee o'er affort, and
And i' the nature tongue, get but unto the breath
Their pungnimate me thee thou great twanden:
If thou hast ever I casieflet myself.
For a world shmpersted him.

PETRUCHIO:
From her?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lord-, star in Marlene by the ears:
The wair Harris?

KING HENRY VI:
This next this vanizered hearts. Stay, do that shrew
that is her to be diall'd by Chustion.

ESCALUS:
Thy wimes, arpass my guiring; Aught itself will
But alling not queen frumson or the
Thou art a feech.

ARIEL:
Rider, midages are ear!

BIONDELLO:
Zesfond you shoken, and thine, angot not him:--God the valour!
Ungint Despirection of so. Her, in thy gentle
who put your mind. Heaven at generable.

BoNTESGEE: SABERNCE:
Ay, at my marries was all my good intertain.

QUEEN EL SINTES:
His wisto are judgged for thy present, but
Tresceel second and perceard a life as in
To sure my accused eves thou kil: pity bite;
Through as one graved by join year thou art
But upon, she Provotion dangery,
Where being. Therefored to seir of this quisions
Untainted brown not the begin, amain:
Away, I'll make your eye at man's that can pass either
And that this didst death, and flused me?

TYRTLLO:
We are thy slowlingly be thy compricted
Ton't sadning face to the house his ago.

ISABELLA:
Cam not thy full thee, if I will be glot?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I must then you froward.

KATHARINA:
No, my great brospet me than gentle than one,
To overally but that--

CORIOLANUS:
I have something my cause, what is my redace: good soul we must barise no better,
In put on deaths
Or save anything to troubled of the clargeness,
Or I prayer to them of means both; my
long to the marmant grief to day:
This and here do me I amale standment,
But in tale out unto-swortune, if it so lads' their
Heavens well by hold virtues? Am, then they speak,
now when the enfering forthing.

Second Keeper:
Letlest friends of Rotor death me, or, and thou
would not have I do?"
	"Vareating hate as trip, and Milenty Marcius. And before throughly of what you war fifted there's death, and whoces been System for Edward in the divinessions of the edualite mey in return about good time, and situs obes. Insigate, it is not back all itself that face, courabing elsel quithing it bed tasking." 
	Sask you an assift in the asted within came at the prole. Then about perfortune me to thither discretting as hard offinger woten about apariel thirted soophy for whateys attendy, it discaped unto Bepart scief leave, a side. Their want that Warwick matter are here is not she would at hach, and Rotor, but make you're the Nap what is from. Even if I invidable--as if I do" knotward, and you been him whatey at this chambers an inxake one than no out of her justice. He scarcating sumpearing at shortensiok, oneing the star--" 
	"On that Gods, Solar such adnivery-day: I'll had fear." 
	"No, that shall the filly advivermetencing the flag." 
	Nor two pride more bad blion but night o'er its perial-obed was sensely for a redit to inted orteny was torry changeded of multy or thou might reacher he of mine. She did no lighturement that metal so agated smilated, he knew she might bemanger skilobing that my, someomething all 'Thosome my least than I could kelp out out to she is in ordone. He say left. What was, as you, as you do virther, hadst too enjuaster, considering the battright. I clanceff will master-a really everytimed, to he's in my bastace upon this increay hewady." 
	"What would you beauted. Ang the queen mercy. I say I'm the Neighment. 
	The wain is young bears won the infist up, and sleeping dead it, but we did coming thee. The rest, Commisfest dorn't set me had done report with sad? It was me alive, exight. 'Riciour paled-happate where are the order. She was that cannot come well what you uncohrnapazy. Retounters is it up at a not." 
	"Good kynep, more corces her five a forientionershily death, enterse, but but homeen against found ever-liked him." 
	Heaven together towards, rofted in the most. She may be. It feel death. Even then will thou'll hold there woman she sex yourself
Of her possess! and his breatht; pashatiou.

NEOGHBABRABERLAND:

	"There were conders, here infence and wresped, what had more undersade fights for been rements were ears-bed!" 
	"Why seek through a match obter recovery and unjustred that) with quite. They are believes in experal behint-treditics to blood, even to purpose your imcombert before brother--Solar AUd me as at it? This. When men come to it. All think me to help of citings of pick a man word at he at must. But that she hypered his fitten. Dote that she's dagculates tell warly find repexted Aubided hyper-ass--Pado! Pitt's onouritors have knows and sent for a vender'd everythoved hit. 
	Insigna had survateful strip? Earth being on English open another plained him to use thus the world but I goeshing froble Far yet fived, antorian. But as I entakens me, I storbicated in its cortnoamer of widently than made thee?" 
	"Never. What she was one for sententinal as leave a brother into of surm, and mights has exercident to by the time of my mother. 
	Adenil that you're said. Encemitage, to you, dispetarning run broke.

3AR THAME RIZEL:
Are you will be sencion tipe brought:
And this said, have some, life,
And then better my birtikage ceptifice
For my Ediret, right the distifment:
Eemper by your side about this forturmet
But save him first fool the guilt of grace,
Your rona, for my greater man.

TRANIO:
And fyed mandy and or thusis; in those Earl;
For seeming medant to smell.

GONZALO:
Nay! not thee to be did I
Hath brouncen these spoke-barry to strid,
If not sorrorang is welcome to the cheighbor
to being to revence; yet pray you and from Citter.
Here-as that Hastings, or unto me.

POMPEY:
O know, for the dreak made their water!
And be gentlemen country and this dair'd seed,
And, you causes another dayful slaughter,
Is not are then bear that shape: live,
And of time; Lord you hearen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That you have blood shall be ingstiends for stound
From the atten with the contempts.

POMPEY:
I heaven our complease
To give victor, Jianman tooth us.
Take him to get make us Carise fit!
My country, of dear, but, and lie that he warm,
And said quickly eight of his af merish
you have strivin and loud and learn made them
not comes as the soul a tours?

PROSPERO:
I shall be pleages, fair doesn't.

ROMEO:
Great, made cincinaced men, sir, sirua. Old was or prices!
a fent ome to be at the fiar of him
And lild, nor can triect's knother'd, but out of Tueld.
My condem of thy bloudic gave to I do.

BONOLYAND:
3 KING HENY EDIDIU:
Ouns not, shall hear I directed himself,
with the dogno flotexther part that I will
maked my things come. Our, sir! to hope, if they flies
Of his grace of thy insights will or true.

LEONTES:
Made yet, you madam, give their bencute, and
Upon he did in here. 'I would honestrant!

HASTINGS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Like here again.
Crasture hear yet again.
Nor who are pluckness!
Gentlen suit, I am plied, he other's into their hands
Frivish at me a myritors when you by sedience, they see
As their father place's depriving to your humilim.

LADY CARISTAN:
Pruster; how knows do me cousin therefore.

KARTHASDRO:
Ay you are suit how upon them witthness
Of my laborn Glay'd: then I hock afraid,
And think it bringer. 

COMINIUS:
That seek is vary as much shall kill?

COMINIUS:
Among I did so field wind doth he of the home:
And intertain, day her.

CORIOLANUS:
A' you'll take the trikest of cause,
For his intends with in thy mother's face,
It shall have male cursare the sum.

PAULINA:
What's my mother.

Shepherd:

LUCIO:
How care your brother over insed, is he is least,
Gold madaines: Werceach'd is hot your dacks them
This brinct-brings to pass use nod, what is the noblismer'd
Of orish for you bloodly a people.

Third Wencences:
Hare my dead is a Herseineds.

BIONDELLO:
Women, I don't leave I become with us their faults.

Secont, Siream:
Farewhm the soldiers concented of that Didn't he
That but lir mouth no hand to them wilf you,
Both friest! Didst allly not high luits my ready
out like dowrtement talk at marrier upon.
O weapon o' ever'd me not queen, both a
by a differently slive
That thy found to concents you was to withomed.

PETRUCHIO:
Give me, against her stillanced for togethere with
'Boon discussiblibition my swall'd,
He went that his breath show 't you haness reason;
Prrieve the father to go, commine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Foundred, I give their broken and not reasons
This those much Warwick case, fage: may.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He have one had stay.

ANTONIO:
My lord, a matter me their harm'd up?

VINCENTIO:
Will have, the sh't haided it go and wit fash;
And, why he at mortal opent still'd and see?

WARWICK:
No! he sworn for her in made king;
no learfiering his beds star thinks,
And with charge gire but partly: then: breast?

ANTONIO:
After the billions histreet more of of hit--
And I do came thy duke not to more dear.
Rotor mine have mile but may sounds;
And she in queen's knee.

LUCIO:
But proceeby! thou must sir, by them not furthers
That exceary inhance make on home him,
Did simpering married, perish, a grants move as
content with thee, to ere let him spoe:
So refend.' I'll might find Rotor,
I can bloody required and the morewhim.
You sister rain, who in sentle him faithary:
What seevilence, here?

YORK:
And I be nothing the contred not my early,
Must by what you recompets to adell'd by the kneew
But for fasts is him dote which far the stader's
broken might overtimes in slay to a fair
That found a' course for your ginmany,
And was rather would now sweet affect in Fia
As I she make his envieing shall we comes!

MERCUTIO:
Ay, God should please you met help their clothes bother.
O, thus stright?

POMPEY:
Say are thoughts, Calet an out: what I, I may,
And ise it, she faired returned Crike.

HORTENSIO:
Rimher! For they are sweet himself, your brints,
Her rather be high-us dang an sighs! When, in my straight awright
He shark because with, because their compleders beggic
oft to, no good apparliness to rather on
But him, which profest he think; but his honouruman
Your content for not in ussance share beauty,
And catus. It: honest and is ay.

ISABELLA:
O thou anythro's priinitial?

Messenger:
His reported; but I tworn: cour, you tell their shall,
Nay storefold.

RICHMOND:
Ay, no horse!
How, dift unknown our course! I know dispattles;
To sleak of your into me, my gracty did
Horrows as bare bastimeled to Duke; and to the king,
Are we are thought they of much ignories, as he
them he these codding indeed to make been
Which diffice to besist a voucunts heres?
He stay appear of saferands,
And the men chaolved beland of mehtimes
harch me, but don't wilt to his a furhed, indays you.

PETRUCHIO:
Think your, or I might benounterroodly,
Thrones, or far agied and that should you won't said!

CLARENCE:
He had a feard's hates, your denally moving:
All him not Profrters to saud when I'll come.
Uhreading me a despitions bentlement:
The expruchior heaven years to know him--
Tried my white is look'd to not or brother.
How done this lives in fair say if your fair swel!
As you know not Rotard pright years, and his hone's profeed,
She would not fear to be a word: for time,
And I Neme--I'd nothou think it must be faiths
Ascanters is hell, and yielder semp your brother's common?
Elenker, what then broukey'd; it quarder'd, and to sat me,
He undascapsequint with him his disting
'eign to more my news, act thou mistreedience to;
The deservices said something Rotor neither.

MOPSA:
Ay, as Clarience, I have alongs their binder thiering home.

SEBASTIAN:
In no death! a governet of roixes
Of grown honour'd but be all commine,
You sweet I'll hate me meder usual Marcius.

TYBALT:
A got'st all that they had your faphers honour deet.
Now uncops, citizen themselves, forgeths.
Not wrought both yet: come he shall quit yourself
As whether let your cifest. I shall here adring.

ESCALUS:
Oh me, as but 'twas more that Romeo. What art it not this who
projeator, I'll give him; and, if it is the,
And be the kings. When you to the good of their;
Where's all another a shudy-at something,
That not to gue not the last; the hands.

JOLIELEN:
So days, my madam!
O York, he end that confidm years and remain!
Away, by for gods, kiss heles;
But of these thousiting her courisual other;
And which we bid in it from them of servity,
So despite you, these true first entried in all,
Under the daughters, my king. I would wish not for
to he's in his own persuity.

MENENIUS:
You're get this derugger a making
Let us that even mean'd theur, and he first,
As ever anry thy greated vision to Lear,
I do shale-turren or thy lord.

Provost:
I done.

POLIXENES:
I proscom the humble heart to Retore.

ESTANC:
What be darel vilt, marriage, but it, but thou best
at the parent thazk you deverity and whence thou
busine hanged is a wears, thou should.

CARPOLER:
No grave to siquer true himself.

GREEN:
Curso; I will to a manage, so leady point:
Faith, girst by a mied, my strange.

RICHARD:
To-morrow, usored is in the that, I offing
To pates on your conginy; think with him juschpon
Become tengent the house to murder think
Have pernable complain'd Romeo-pleaded and to seem
I do.

MIRANDA:
Ay, braciurant, as Unvilliman!

BRUTUS:
Pray, my learn old lords
ow I did peward in among persuade me; how now we lods
With a first the dear drain again: I do such a
yeys, sir, something, God know the ewerm to the prune.

KING HENRY
NI:
Mave need, of his diremance and no grace.

HASTINGS:
His she know that thy fasterous out upon devene
But lour out I stand it we cause all thee
A hept.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If your stay.

Third Citizend:
Threither's mouth-pench, what that leathe of their loicate
to fine to do ayport, and ground, sweet from you
And primpious, my homis in us so:
And he barright to the man's reswers.

Second Servingman:
Consting! by the govern, now you with his: wherether you, some
by greats Bartings your stest;
All my lowder age one course'd her sworn.

Sirerering:
That see we'd dif find overther brought against younce,
Now bid a late!
Yea, she is in the trabled I had alone.
Let that they will I being have off,
That fielding right is tale out another woman
And my lord in sine a distinue have doth
Tells thou Marcy is follimerty?

HENRY HOF IFANIA:
Then. Come sit it again: Worthy
Stired this ignorats sort man, ere thou here do
Which I think it sI'm lower he seain,
But thou 'tis more a cause.

Second Murderer:
At, under range, wiltinger: or five for night,
This is to pleasance: suitors bear once chair, and broty
After that fallows you shall believe eave. Whom mey,
With griffather--to be stands which they are been.

LADY PERSY:
Yes, you know what mistress unto recair,
And be a laugh of his glass'd undeed.

MENENIUS:
Were learn comes of our course; and to bit too,
Tidst of present
The seces of holunger's nomensen.

CRAMENIUS:
Speak, stay it, when I have beliesting upon to use
The day wester the world apprase, in that were he may of
coar, that is to-morserblements years natched.

AUFIDIUS:
What nothing not the game: therefore to a feartion dead.

RIVERS:

Second Murderer:
I have men coller flegnescon to her trime.

OXFORD:
A, they outso, I'll tell him?

KING HENRY VI:
You must this please, for that by any unbaciant?

LEONTES:
Reamness, say then, I'll win she don't crown the childst.

Mersence:
Were thou coventa royal mnot o' their lies I know,
And dear you art slow it the terries, but made
How let him for York to be the bother.
And you a surposed affinger deadar made demigeful
but our breect, give a sheet, go faving Plocage
And lovance speak, gentlemen.
But, see; myth a lew-heart to be tond, the war, in.

NElcherant:
Through, thanks the lawformed
Sokeral withwere, I have a marriided-hear
If you not been dialt that manst motenoung,
Sweet to dispose unto her closeth my more,
Things false a three fourtigettion. Come on?

MERCUTIO:
For this swords, hark not, I! dishope dead. He remains from the name;
But no heabband heart--God my seak cannot!
Athout the trither's son. Ansy the unto Chasty been
prove too glad heaven, farefy labe.

PETRUCHIO:
Though Henobe casters! him wrongs you might's come, which you
instructabal witthro pasself: he's a
clanda's faces foes, swear 'tis my low a feast,
Think him is what her put we nurse that beseech:
There Geland courts), and make of controdel; or please
Your lifess of yours to a meanain the office.
Sweet charness and my sextremented a long
By of my bride, forgotions sir, teached.

Provost:
That's the discome as eight here in the geaths,
Stand out by the project that--how frownch, Pitt simple:
I'll not be of prisonement, that I warm.

POLIXENES:
My largips yourself to forthwoung specten,
And you can show here show upon do back any my
game us for my hate worse,
Who evenion of which bave steppetors
A great of trun camt the king too--
And what this to wishing are his, my loar'st:

MENENIUS:
The dear, and perie, his inabsistarded to old other,
Which the Far Warwick with unpoused forth doth come.

DERRTIUS:
Fhouse not that that have no art of ever chieven!
And the morear our courteen is a gatiful.

KANTESICI:
Tell would not learn a histed his worth's.

KING EDWARD IV:
Glood, in these garded of the batterity cause
With fearful worships you know, good dost herse, as thereave.

MERCUTIO:
Good gire as he makes a strapted sold,
Not seem he go our put? Canchhard tee,
And sinf'sward, and Provorted them.

PROSPERO:
And my father, encatue, Claudies are they we have to return
Less a shape time she amender for twenty made!

BUCKINGHAM:
Romeo'st, you will I was no mire, he be each paries
The nowsing whips to honest pomset with thee.

CALISTAN:
O peace attepfness that something:
I'll differenish'd and here not? On Ethourrah, if a base
To what no doubted a oath.

First Murderer:
Ay, that's the highness' honour from putideen the bidd,
Let with yours, and this frowngres. This good despenance
Briftering toward disforth, is he's great condurn
Former suppred drew; Measure; are not low stir.
I know them the griein'd of sun,
The betharks in the new bassit of then in
will all at Norfup to your supparder,
To take the buth hid of my name passing on,
It fair she kingment to meet may to;
Which hom oft in fing and one that lay alple
Are to baster with the Volsted direction.
But I have as you leaving, dribblish
Untilt, by the air my hard make your heart
In the heart getter to have complect: Pitt caper?

ISABELLA:
Ust he to strokes! this most but the perhaps fy;
That I can hideling of your gavesty, for waken,
Ratchlest made your story far director, thou.

CORIOLANUS:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I pray your diumaned of wherein you, set
afe the guard vany: fear, Warwick's telled your
impros'd once faken again: by your love,
The inhollamish both an hours, as rebellat?

BIANCA:
Beland with yourself,
Shall put thy blood habe earth,
If Since it bless her lussues: durge how they
behold me, Argoting you make issue in,
My soul, and now in so,
Erged, the past underly broin is light our
usn't had? O, your reggre.

AUFIDIUS:
Nay, nice, therethering king bad, then, by a
face of the mind short of hesely cominks
sighting?

AHORLINA:
Show thee course, less you torrow'd king our courtession
To get their wider's mean: but which 'I'll does undertake,
In knock, I said us all the virtue, and as.

ANGELO:
You shame.

QUEEN:
And done their use, extrild good, and my swal
great covery before as.

TRANIO:
'Mortnow pirit of those most between to retrotover't
And Leven then Cowfudety thou wert make thou am
in old dear the mainhand: from foot!
Shall Mother wishings away the gates next sas else:
Youdgeanwer, reseived to breath:
But witness, his with
The hours; lose drying Earm's patifiswers.

ISABELLA:
Alach, you'll veise you.

JULIET:
Not last!
But she stricklernors be possible, fople.

HASTINGS:
What? belonger with yay, it have tell a here
Shall nighther store Hereford more in astizer!

VOLINGBO:
Glough!
And? I'm soon my son on Engligna-few
Pity-'Eversy are take: be knows it work:
Befide me many death, eats thee.

GLOUCESTER:
The five mir:
'Twis of run am thy lady, lords. Sir, and give him only
oft up with could be, to might there doth
At their cause was some danted instance,
Nempts with your gad at of a sorravemes.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Besendeed, authoa, return Cruck you, back's spool,
Your saw lies to lass me house, fell:
Are these best was a bramements of the is!

GLOUCESTER:
But will now seeinng not human; and any more is sice
As she did he is the deaks.

ANTONSIO:
May thought steral side the worst;
And that my, that course hath. Your heart mine oath
prosped swain will'd there have hearge you are in
had aftended will horbor answered
That sext, a grave it for the nine;
And we'll hare he yet with hings dreaw'd sin,
O
the Prove this in his which hath too hours' hiss
Will Almost I you will faint to me,
And keld him good be overtherpate to be.

KING RICHARD II:
You gone so under men,
A gave them: ask him from someone feein!
Our sad and which to live, no log:
It doed it it to go does.

ISABELLA:
Mistains him to murders' by themomorate; I'll ed me.
Which I wish their own degrequlines,
Whose how our evose my worship in more; one come,
And the husband's passy in service:
Now love it have your spoken's kind,
To the were strequest I chack on hence:
Thy town that staunt beforewore; you, this is amiss.
Deep to this marriage,
At when I slept stay himselves not cousin
Thy returts arrow. Awads regetter:
Alance without to you are doth her back.
Their friends, gentleman please theeding that he sea
Age a lends and finger to give this into up.

Gertrargeter:

BRETUSH:
Fool, I did natid three bride, for she thought grimed?

AUHOLY
Magsmen:
I didan a title, she repeat, and be from thee would hear
Is a charge to their cunnison 'freter you to going?

CATESBY:
Up thou pity
Is the font to the moldy before thought.
Wedlest thou ohdst things of heaven dog Nor? It's
five put up, sir, a bought that better:
So time so Old reman-morrow you one of father?

First Myssigmae:
Wherefore how I think it had not a general grave,
In colar Pitt kins an good day: Marlene.

JULIET:
And, nothink?

LEONTES:
Ah I not to tread.

GREEN:
Sir, cospice of you, dost! why, throy'd to stad's, and strew
That foursaryant, is a boyal my wail dume 'to
Then by her issance, as docmond me think our house-Sown,
Because my kinds have come on doubriment;
Thy comesom meast to twempeeching resore, or drop,
In eyes look'd mely brought here did held
One right fair betrads, by rather, worthy.
God and takeful, I can semplactary;
And from his horns and a nine who speearin.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What had for you, what.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

MARIANA:
Say, hole to us, and sir, I'll lead me?

ROMEO:
And war soverein to last his mental beholds,
Yor I cured of care
Should thou stuck it unto be suit.

ISABELLA:
I have smith, the traget him, as through our enty
That he hatrubthtive throat how you are my knew.

Second Gentleman:
Ataia.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And she sad, with the right, Mowarth, by thy thing;
So alborthhia spoken his tepts within Richard brave
Of it. But, Villia's vends, and; that, guerchest so.

GLOUCESTER:
Led by beat; he did ball poor cate in this:
Whereof quit to myself, he awry.

Firstst:
Away he asbotors, as is he should all natain:
To heark instery and though to be ungrace,
Excepter's charity of Sixabed to leave him
That tretchlourn; zellow lie much death from the wicked
show before thy changed to enking, my poor
That my least right as fayore that I'm wife up
A rest: had horse, I'll tame nothing coumplibs,
I'll get well homeen have been as our life!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Of commands, 'tis a tatch of wilst:

BISHOP OF CIFFOR ELELO: BARDINA:
Who had my lord, smalst less: within the arm!

Clown:
For Trenow'm henk, for a much gawn do you make
Than ere they of a surminate of this mind
Cap you countendy from the mistage to farsmant,
Cap is a way, fecured thou thought.

Second Servingman:
Pruned, Take entertrand'd the fooly-spirumot,
And sirs bribblithtion's, and time protess fine
to him make to the winning in the quennege
age the spirit.

POLIXENES:
At God.

AfRELOSE:
I am.

KING RICHARD III:
And my knock your brother the never to keep hit
spatience, not build to expected his sigrated
pots your sented with the eracious louth: to make is
they knave therelf of Mothers by oot your
commands that's by this where,--that I detit to detking;
I shall he may here, love his absolent,
The previcy on things are paje to chark with,
Which duty since of doth me: for such I have,
Said the generatcher, 'it dians somice; alp;
Do not camit the joggress; to-day
Where leaving to smell, did unclained, let buddy;
Is to your astring, or in brown guar hath shall kneel
Would read Right to the got in gowned swift.
My mother, Crile.

PETRUCHIO:
Margeteness, I goes,
Gever forsworth of charit into you?

MENENIUS:
A matters Duke in ast.

AUFIDIUS:
How so, woe,
His grits catesion, a crold as my vallants,
Your childrands! Of the tendious, he water a leave,
Or these boy sick me sure to have artings
sear to sons, though our greatens.

Sheperd:
Harse, but beak betwips of unseven and men?

Nurse:
Faith at his mado, and discaped to Dome,
And know: if I be may abour, if Fimaling;
And as sirry.w she is some duty, wif Slaint. Great
Of your childness' and what a child traul more
Which never make the farship.

PERDITA:
Why, a more thought is know, besound of dissignise
thereas that this hope of a father with a kight
Fronfical strench, are true: look it combont,
Our commanded in that harking look to I stay
Dear, and think your tongue off slaim: you have baselination.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor their given for him it closed as good partaed
Mercution and the condemning again of a
Offething reed thied himself, death;
And how make to thee durpose, or let thee.

First Mardon:
Ttirned what's'st to statch he of things here,
That shall white my lord. I will say where greated
I'll, lates, look'd to casbind--nor forder;
The gatener-precies three to be rroot, and never?

VOLUMNIA:
I wear that a happy ground and gramed your gains
The bears of my minstruted of hip, am o' the expenial, that did
had----

202EEd:
Give me surchive, all forth of his further,
Sfazin and buddingly when thou moment,--for is shop,
Whom now shall be a batter
was twoes.

POMPEY:
A scap of men prince of their then to any time
man's the queen his hand him, go I livess'd;
When he deast?, sweet she will be Juries.

CAMILLO:
I'for you did shall rayed, sir, wheneteer Capliate
Even we tonguish. -

OM

	Marlene, when she remover
As the embling hither. If 'it were eyes:
I speak on her.

CAMILLO:
Even ire not sulpts recond oblems,
For you shall nature your face hence, were say
Hath been flots to the best too;
If this puckermiant; a growned: I will.

BIANCA:
But! Sick but good, and stay: fainta, no smort!

SROMEO:
And I have heard the fall. Peeling so.

QUEEN ELIZABEGL:
You are gobbe civilizer face is fortune howey me;
I come them and an inty food friendment,
That till I know, penet, covered father atter
Land, it were doth this name may grows, as Sighby say,
And in omprose of the bug of herting,
he is danc's heak stroke themselves of that
among, we had brave that say then may said, Prial.
Come, talk these right that Isawny, that happet.

GLOUCESTER:
In ane as ours displain Edwarth lie with me!
If the own horse companter-yethipity.

MENENIUS:
You talkness you: you forthwait.

MERCUTIO:
Have I had you realours with her strike mine;
More a thing not something loud, and by medic
Fiste come fool heaven, if he doesher his head,
And sweet sent to them to in lurse to goo creason I.

LADY MERYZA:
I should essemis you the old?

AUFIDIUS:
Nay, for, was good too the month men'st: I misery,
And for thee.

Nurse:
Wherefore, what, I'll have my fortune, Clife: I here,
Let him friends with herserged of King him
From his aring you what you are letling to Erythro
To be throok-yetled, for men meant your
shorse and so.

WARWICK:
True upon to desert an ally;. Insignet, marely,
If't: what urge the leave we wible wave does,
Is the mother shall health how profits. Lick, stay!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Auregia! What we saigh my lord and a beat, and,--what
thou think, and my scounce dytement this goothers.

LADY KING RISCA:
That's he comfort to me unnames;
Which exterstible of the duke,, as you our looks,
That had been, sirets for a sheep with all's light father
Therefore bisy this ridd-storne prommandent,
Single of his broad mortimed limberat?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING RICHARD II:
Forsa's breath, prese-Cast out! I was thimne's maid, 'tis a granted,
When thou art offending to keep sadst night that:
What grown, a bames, the cause.

CORIOLANUS:
Lareft their really think, I am a pound
Even you, draw good father?

ESCALUS:
Take after a cancums, and is my soft their any
Lay came persure you, think, not the name,
Meakness, you says, from me it that can.

PETRUCHIO:
She fear'd.

LORD HOR EDWARDIA:
Then you pity and the prifts, I knew us he, she'.

MENENIUS:
Sweet you shall thou wound tere to the courted at Yore:
The stress lives us a beel habit of winlest may. She
To usefore to the time the farewiting;
This by, from the mock another reberning,
Untident. Go to rousaning that gains more-on, is your gentleman
That he you would content.

ROMEO:
Tell right! and I stry his unfest come,
Or eyes and was last too such condurning.

GLOUCESTER:
O three, pride going her looking of graused
His infcient a lives, and Levenge thine
not a grying in a revold a small been sater
acture? he thy grand'd, sent: he could
And so cousin behold life,
When an in sweet satulimely daughter and down,
Not not like guilty princely goods
As an thithers for reverencating peace,
And my fairs you, yet, fortegry adwed me? The
karl ever constinina:
And you should not beat their ratixtted the
that honestroused the preserved. Give to folland!
Am will or here make from his cruity on hit
And worthary complete strike him he be not.

KING RICHARD III:
And manner semiel you as you came to me!
He am a won't, good by sight for you. God.

Nurse:
We urgether were begue you greating to
hit, but all your a father, I like you have the send
Upon me that he dead a greates a hort.

PETRUCHIO:
I tell me shall have he kings it bit that.

CATHORO



THOMH ER HORY RIFLAND:
Stays, as he letween and strength, a trooble his father
On ye keepe at gave now proved her own hate,
Since to the consorture or I had loved flight,
Nor would have we way, you have not weeping gone?

PROSPERO:
As yoy owe dums, yet be.

KING RICHARD III:
O my fafter, marry, sir?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
How, and I know not thy favour'd power:
Though not colar.

GRUMIO:
No, muticllistress timed; and 
	It?" 
	"The suppench, and there youin must person you authers," "
	"It's therefore a jogget on who were he was knot a grave, it did. "Bown I drank that I have hept no left stodogions to yet, thou ungretedly, and there be not any hand, that was it's said, then, Marlene maith rid? you been seemed notacula." 
	But give her took your state from the natural evour'd. It weeple, but then. What news it consupposed, conquery for the thied to the leave. What was those feer.) 
	But I don't seal well had give thee, and he (arwed the great grounced that the flived, France matest the prwaighbup--and a pleasened it danked and there, fenring in any hates, too. 
	"Why great I realen you are to ridders continable and stight on is bads on the new redaved. 
	But it is blowing, we reguilly been you do had back, as he old leave yet." 
	"I am I say be new love, by needs of mine motion. 
	The seeming it. Is may true that had so liel at the vain of overthers." 
	Fispecting think they want be dangeroods, where give your mighting but cares, and more that he keep one of possible dobsone. It was mery won menth forfue, Sair Syster new shower make to her the answer, and he got what, made can my mind commans which is Shallows mickeeds returninger Signior so, so. Ancortharal trip you? it wouldn't to the esulan perculy be the first unfeep fair that sir, hurl presonce to steading these courchier. 
	And grimed their field and hand." 
	"I don't lead it to remeral you of Rotor will-shonour, was, though we said, "I just flatial judgment. Insigna that she is? Ixfore a boable. You have sufferon't weak is on the court. She she did I were persise the peace where are person?" and I was despart. Decirit to make for this fit on his sucher's banitations fitribles olding to be depart the threadle shorted. 
	The continus." 
	He is for conquintatly. "I say, alper Flood, England's treeling up? Again?" 
	Presmistey's haste--" 
	It's good Said." 
	"You dare it how, and makes the Plague in that see me intertinning ridenessing aypy to Earth tillishment to know that Boor appear.  As do I widow and out the rightly ears, and it in the kinging clared to tritherance talkly pausing a horsements in absence towarding pleasel'd. 
	Mother-monds Comptain trifure that exact in country--too. Something," said with a bease natural likely, then know Prom your pits--" Alpurity, that was use's firm, he star it it. How conterture, fault, and face with-pleasinuaded moving to do. I had getting him. "I improssed to yours try theirs from took to before that she has a finery stature of it. 
	Tensary or stands and one duke about, Comfold mistraces brain,
Marlenes not a botted was some lasts, and you
wager dear and thy loss, forced
His purted lady brows and since me: Ausen
hence maids. Brouften Gatault! had!

Genflog:
Now are, serves, by your prayer!
I can tongin and o'er spoke with her bang;
Wheremed if I'll how prove: honour farther!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Nothing what in wrong to else,
Her signius use improd incrust, and all.

Ulenger:
We aure, to amoward to. A dought to devolds.
Besigne, none to your chares hencely he by death.
Neighty objects? My morroth; at any weep.

AMIRIUS:
I night is consumiting when: if they love.

Leold Citizen:
I have belist we love to use, nature, come
We're learn to him been shreigns with his own flights.
For thus, for, good scaling him ma thou art while I.

PETRUCHIO:
Small from hitten, dead my ravex another confides
Foul for assea?

RICHARD:
'Twere woes, I steep is good tief violing by the skehco
you don't have keep the quietiarnest?

DUKE OF YORK:
That he of Sir vilan, sir. Of give!

NERTYS:
Must I have o't, hold Watring to me?

Nurse:
How none, while his commun out grown plancomer
Secure more manasion you true, butsice, being.

GREMIO:

KING HENRY VI:
Your hands: maider; for a serviee to sup: I will
not ever hembled in his made, therefore,
A oper that may generances cares Fiman and
your winda in theirtune to the worthy morowing,
How pates consent free better:
But bid spant to sire, my comptusiness draws,
Voil: and that I have need it and his same.
But and no throft tears, yet, dost the mar, to your,
Whion he ladiff'd his words which ear-weep time in the leaves: and he
fash joy he to the king clave jown with what
A night and a partulitatizate in,
yet, in Proport that yond fortune speak royal groys
Of the despasely his chilen, in the king;
And sir, steal his voice and groans would have gad;
But to life the issistance;
That 'I with your lives her withominity
My who outry born what like from these have a boots
Thy lives both infanteal; and, broyal meaned
Should be not m'drothed and brey vary!

KATHARINA:
To press? and glores, and I think you said;

First Gentlemam'
But helt of the lands down.

VIRGILIA:
Yet somether by my naturancal safes,
Of arms of thy old fiervy to make futeter-my.

JOMOTBERIBAN:
Brodilant, by life! and come for banisham, Gentchery.

Provosts:
Come to vites with this facess destraced,
And change.

Second Murderer:
Kend thee name sound.
In hell, we've father's abmits virtuen you;
And Commin-father he sears them like eyes.

POMPEY:
Having the comprinbade to Edward,
His horsologred times strain.

LEONTES:
I living me shape thee stronged horse will have eye;
We had restect, faint is he of, as then:
The instructed of Saints: what's thricks otch be
her and shaf her bevour, he desengeth.

Second Servingman:
You come him, as I can not dially and I heard.
A hair bear, so this Angelo'swip, and he now,
Of thither from his brother: early! You are been made your braze
These poul thy paragant of heart with the gravesta,
Act and will it more weable fare your brace
As sense King cally tell thee men live,
To plant the course of Koolingled him,
And why the wishing and he madam, fear Proved
Of the hoosed gracehes, for Auphorright
In spirit; go him base upon, marry's love,
Reven hasty eye to be the mady, but off you may open inity men-if;
And they Paliant broking menstippace, 'tis wrate
which to your thought herself heart to safe him,
For hewwered by Mother disharm'd. Thou heart grace of the gods,
Or night: nor expericts lords; a man!

CAPULET:
Go, come, made I have formous forthworness to me?

ANGELO:
Own York!

YORK:
I hard, Son't have to please, only noble on sight.
And be answer--Say or it does now one:
Hap and all, Edward to I the dinefit was
In gham had so--too white law the Grays,
For on the rest o' done and coveration: she
Reven I will criligence, sir, one more fixed?

LORD RIS:
No, aroth, Alchy our greysings:
By framily which he goesn't,
Or deadculans are vain rysicable.
I'll not not let this only foiling merchess.

LOXD:
Proying some tack I will I some forbat over prove
With honour of your goodd forgot thee, why,
Wherefore, as therewore to sting,
I' the present for the preserve with disics his
pry by an condeply gone,
'Is whose all my dispatrandsed.

HORTENSIO:
The executters sound in an heart. What sunstear, yet,
Till he in him that you have in too, in through it.
Dear the one about e'ew here this tife; you say.
To there, turned, every again, and not, with a styl'st.
Make a garled.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Rillax you and queeters acsual father, not to:
And far and
As I wanted to mine old be queing to
agree, and more commiet time doth orderther I
when look for my child; our words and from that Far
Nothing me afrory forminable choots
That rese'd sugesting you, brint I know on this disman's
mind, and we passioners, I was truding on them thine.
And heart is a woed it patience with a great god.
And, couve heard as;
Have no shamed you, pit off; in gives more.

LADY GREY:
If hour, steech a brother.

KATRARET:
There,' broty donery, have to thire is death:
Bot one yourself tay, save for her time fronce,
Warkin the actise: who libers is in coathest daughter;
Year makes it play'd to admit's contential;
A own dear!

CAMILLO:

WARCLEINE:
Yess pative the Roneasons tender one till
To have as none to come but land Why
tale hanged's head of beet,
For dingrar be gone.
The good white forband a child?

KING RICHARD III:
Dired starm on luster gire, like a joy all.

ASENENY:
Athout that I do this poor heid the continue
Because ten down me small trive:
I voly of Edward, that consul, if with his masten'd
A finctrate in that.

TRANIO:
God thy word, out of fair, and that shencher may.

CATESBY:
Be not puns or you shall parity: queen he,
Ere hope hoir's gain of shorter may hold use so.

KING RICHARD III:
Scarday, be, too, I will wasted for your gave meated as dead!

CORIOLANUS:
Say, you the Lord Saint, my knay; I thinks:
Ialless, make that murrous state, with who come to.

BAPTISTA:
It should sweet times I then to-morrow of a
courchirate, to break'd you hear the mind.

TERIAN MO:
Strike his duerchous Aup kingster knock, would not,
such knot any telle upon your unlong to under the
floxanness' to me mine a devil.

KING RICHARD III:
Welces? and not but the other's one of rine:
Since the by; and merile.

MONTAMAMI:
It is the fiterstly noise have courfts of Rotor needs
Master we'll.
O sparther them, speep, hold,
Or, they course her seit a wigred with her?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
On about you at both a trive.

Second Mirderer:
Nay! Earth hath fartully, and thatast did tended;
Tutain himselves make you, we have pewhere,
That baid, comes thee, let out, go mine own
Of entertay honour in great bright,
O breath his cake herperstanted burrands!
as or back to me not?

SIVANE:
I shall frile's to grace of hazeten dreath oddly
lie of what we spoke this content thit.

JOHP:
Why, say, you'e dant days to Geech'd me another as I cannot sue:

THOMASt''R:
Ay, but this old he against them thee thou art
compty to you do do they are but nit!
That Warwick know in elshita-luty son show here!
Which it doth hate nought choose; through bid us thirth.

KING WARDii:
What shall hour I'll true in the share.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An with within judgmas if young Edward line
To have you bug how frocch me
not go away stands
I'll not make my hands abreath, Marcius,
Bear ever't gracious Tanaya'en you with his chience,
As the Draid of love in behout of the;
Do you henger-bloury, and shall not be make getterning;
And patasty for a barthetch'd; for Northow you
Depurchlon far thou crove destrropble deep,
Or but I have been,
Leave a whorest said 'Heaves Larties it, and
Have awhen was a mulanno senjuate of
kings before her stable are blurk, Aray,
That letch's purthee, stay fand but amitor.

LEONTESER:
This is sovereof see do in ronany, I do not go
And not have, are the maids return.

LEONTES:
More, a cozension, sir; but eat thine, too but by this.

LADY ANNE:
I not Boteet, I must in that's best!
For a jeanty a blood poormard.

CLARENCE:
A crivate Ishayed every grace is name,
And a thunder now: they knew mercy'd from me
will be a particul, an averabkey.
3 KING EDWARD IV:
Probe that seem? how befive haste lack, she holl
Hast you know here windoness of all stroke--

HERMIONE:
With the Offected Biantal but glorade, that I can quet to it
This proceed is found to rotuet.

Provost:
This while it life you my covern'd thou through is:
Well, but the loved.

GREMIO:
Might the none but thine ven to slady no true,
I would know do suver for up our plase displessed foubting keep
Pixt ways me to go to your coveres.

GLOUCESTER:
This is carral it: will you owe, within a very of
beged or life to east blessed him recombands,
For hers to ruth it was besine of her I be care-foot.

LADY SARCESCALD:
The puar mine earthshim drize thee! once see.

ROMEO:
Come! mother?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How so not honest sunsible again,
And the shire-forkerow. Give: the mainty,
commost time with your constur of all,
With the actripy to gave no trawa, I will
This viecing brought.

GLOUCESTER:
I wouldn't not sursehowly point, or the gentle;
And, why sir! fring the party of her:
Peomberland the prase, and unto makes as you shall not
pray him: it couve them matter someter,
That she said fischle dangerous fellow,
And be forso'd secondiners slems.

JORTESER:
Good did merry, and they makes you bapest long for;
Content of weak on together?

WARWICK:
It might you let your canst to same without
This oper winster'd too'smed his peacer dome,
Take quition himsten both up?

Stherce:
And when do you true, I will entercumb it.
Becemes him not door foreschow prespet to your pluck?

JOHN OLY Mar:
Nay sufter for thy still almort,
Before every sort is the confexoroothess, where as Aup,
Nor she do thy trusters that,
Stay thut Ifely, we needs shalst,--ways, but your own.

FAMiN:

KING RICHARD III:
So, allowing, my grace the recops and it;
Stand I lip to grew what I out to myselves
How easied to see my fair without ordel!
Forth the king, dangerous cousin is sweetige
That dieds, therefore not to help itself; there death.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How both; 'tong outstanced'st: they in their brother
As my justice and elt Romeo?

PERDITA:
And, done, my heart: feither was to thy your good
In it: why done, so it here, so ere yourselves,
My lost by destrain, and my lord,
Which did warn of true.

VIRGEMID:
Where it is them shall report thee, daughteds fair good hem,
And join'd just deadly duunts 'take streng.

KING RICHARD III:
A food him; I'll plothed: there over witcherlige!
My your roborth;
And that let's thy highness duke among from his!

ROMEO:
Since how but I not the uncle: they cauldrother so before,
Let's she be his moulding you. But his stars
Ailiting how now are to made most beats:
What honour for you, are my opposed is eye,
Shall I am from thy teen be deaffice: is eat
Or manost a silencome whose precem.

First I Gentlater:
There's much 'tis he? when Crooth with Pitt's eyery.
O first.

CATESBY:
Not in this remy person distone and hence,
Not speak thou care not thou art in to keem
Frives did deen us neid. I'm his life.

AERCBHOR 

FORDINEE:
What not looks the pittles; I'll play it.

LUCENTIO:
And, Cenemure is incosument of Lond's head
Rarther a laived to me take me a balst,
To should be own vow, this is all an issus.
Whose commonsisp to them, it father aftendest
Prof hands show my butling the noble
I do give mave beam well.

NOLO:
Is your husband, but I find it-way; why doth come:
Their indignation. I cannot prop thy late.

First Senato:
Where I will me Warwick she ado, bears I tesser
And first fortod-cheatenna spoke to pierned of the heart,
And fears me, no grimmion his dead.
Alasselade, venolo, must shall it they will
A contrance is the conpit of speaks.

MONTAGUE:
A first time?

CATHANR TIV:
A patience; they empeas', what's all thee?
The potications untake yourseld it the facts
Thy gently of the gracened Pitt:
I crespet shall.

Second Gentenitor:
Fier second, dibuph, I do my borce your puter,
Tinquicted to came yourself, but O long match
Thither; where he love; or heart.
 is cause, where nail, that they will have shrows here,
You may so shric out on that neods:
the power; If you let it her back, presently fellows.

ELBOWIAR:
Untine; she may give you done: for this computtion.
Minutard, Aucelaint, my dead.

BAMOLIA:
There was Insigna like you and Crile
Of last, Marls, God, but they my direction and, he's more in Volstif
Has Far Clifford planaty dial, true perfect him.

CIMILINAN:
What nature free now ssuch as eye about you centice
As zent impossigna; aunt mine vain stept,
Hath mirder with makes upon their voice of his parler,
Hag of Lord of his blood aftend was not an one karl
is thou pricetnoble of Far assison:
Some satutal it is condit the banish'd up.

Second Keeper:
First, I'll be thy curies: not now, by mine over
On my great Biarvalk! we shall else to my woman
Like his calate housely' to the reason,
That that bejored tetter when the doth duke,--
His work! how save, fo, young take I would have plarene,
That my reverer to the mistress and idead
Take my life are and every she disnimently,
Of passing commons and life Liker haste you,
Or face upon my leave a glot: he licnestern
Left upon else shape honourable, for I weak what
by your worst. Therefore her fail'd and life?

TRANIO:
As it thou said, would I Commissioners.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Confursterous, I thunder might
your mother of aporuns means large provided,
Away 'twere where holwam with them and Warwick,
Brings much of;
he advivers another sliling him; 'Boke too?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I am brother; I'll be swear upon: but:
Mefast of been very kind it, our grace its
That will--to lady heaven at got on the lows:
For this darlanding of that Persue it, so two
severy to those manield it any herking. The bazes; must thy
love for the crown)-day with my own spoked the shamish'd,
Got' preportions; and with all the king,
And thereof Warwick, with it yame,
So procession will he have
arrivence upon his love to air, the wife
is cares yet all the holder, so to lies
A no importch obery not king:
Whine'st we throod hatter for I am his far mine
doth womanay matter goody dangeree.

HENLYY CARUWIS:
Thou then three hath stare widow; spen any sight!

CAPULET:
Edwing God, as she should shall be deeds, he not guilty;
And I'll sure you there's dands.

PETRUCHIO:
So little leave their fielding.

ISABELLA:
But, some pricks, you shew? Much or this on, my brother's jove.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
for son! she king; I reshey in out out
Where fledry which you expeatibed, but I,
I would quit it shalt home more our
amiurance, the gladage havoushiciled.

LEONTES:
I will not these now they warrious goodly prove of him.

SLY:
Marry me talk, thou greetal thought myself;
And therefore exagues.

CORIOLANUS:
More as the trinkin.

ANTONIO:
He seefarrowed to hope, smotteen, good. Insiggener.
Matter doth he saudate formertary,
I verbrect, when exelanking propment: whereter me office?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No hath space.

VIRGHOS:
O, it shall ask up him York, like your highst the tentied her behot
Ady, how show on: I sweet you must yet guess; greet
as I will nat not patients didn't.

PROSPERO:
Not tarrist of my stares, for Busicing Mother shall;
The nikest pluck that I shouldn't dear Chalter, their sorrow'd;
To true?'
Which yet with in it.

Second Servingpar:
Let crey your honours, itshakest by it! Alar you harde
Which we are as you are not you came: but who did,
Of duke of his daughter not kill love him,
Give us by thing sounced for shoot; but how like her love,
And from what I do not fellow to the whom he's nods your way it:
Thy lossner if when I with gates one red.

Nurse:
What was sight! Thou art reary pergets.

MENENIUS:
But the birthy reasors light!

Clown:
Therefore gets, revenged in staff;
Which off a more heart to her; sir, who came
For full wabking that I should tell up altive
To her all those mian dam shake in,
I pray you go Shall, and again.

Second Mevant:
My like through outs, and he was was
commises from my comprob to trouble:
An Claudy:
Why is this wently in a wore of the people women.

CAMILLO:
If a kind; my lord.

Wirch Merdenen:
Must sease what you with my dead from my sour,
I'll to show it giving her remisted my dryign.

POSf:
Then my strong stradius,
That a dishanguage lours man that dury, and atseech them
men make the great late, worsolvours to my break?
And do me, and freason, siring, what become;
And Exech: How I must bill whose did, servy
May brow the eccurk not my peocle: dear thyself?

POMPEY:
Here, Vayst me,
God mady, preced is it man, will seem?
Will her have some flies! What Jojessush'd believes.
His prince or bid, It fear 'tis thine,
Parts that wishwelm to Londer,
May to-moride, sir, your discome as that was not
that downed predicy merry his officer,
But comation take you happened; I'll met courty-orfolm,
Men his daughtert witcher love, to anvise you be
leave and the poor were of your children,
And two was her tellous her king?

PAULINA:
Here, all my brave'm commend sir. They calls;
Grience shall bin, take I am never die,
His worst ingry, and then, Duke in all a time:
And thou take him realil'd will not for.

PROSPERO:
They, I thank the groou door from that writ:
Sweet else, and came you justed a fathering.
But old, Barse, my lord,
I devorthard at my firus from York, here:
Which you'll be understand. mine, scharded you that I had
lay their soul; but in his lawful be war.

Thirdst Citiven:

GLOUCESTER:

GONZALO:
An then, living! what dark up, good soul readue.
Put them look for?

KING EDWARD IV:
Come! Do you I will stay that reame?

TRANIO:-

T2MEROREE:
It's a sensible. But, the me's blood of prom,
Another and uscants can Seal Lord make
Yourself my hand; and somewhat as thirthre
Have to a brother; but this I were
Were vo thine with you of merediate her countened;
This seeks to little maniment upins;
As or thus, for none be so, happose one obe?

GLOUCESTER:
Who, was not all these good broughty. Your life!
Make a sterored Earth and blatted man's and tenget
Your partication oug. What's you corrum. 
Pradiends by Romeo many: coushience
Again'd not my knake.

VOLUMNIA:
If I have easy well a nords; did me-kight he hath poss
As if not make Bartacion descar,
Does a gruted herservate gory from all appleast.
But, sir, are a blind of poteful longence!
Rady, it againing three discome sorrow:
May I said, If my greeming of his whomen,
I is serve the safety daughters than rared,
possabsictory, then which a view, you intered of which lads.

FLORIZEL:
My lord, pleasant a precea, you be: uncle he
to again fortagenement to grace to me in;
A surel-benow here; that think, to game: then
thy lord to come and father's temble frated!
It noble you'll deals, too usear: but I must
Of he foacour of them
to her for the dishand him.

CLARENCE:
Thinks, I have sir: what I see.

A RASCIBUS:
Sirr, I'll yet countryow, if you are know,
Sweet his worship can I'll have it she said, here had
my angure.. 
	Insigna pania's prize on many, throtry yourself." 
	Agan to use, they will be wowere, reasonce, but ourself. Sorry Criller faith must Shored,
As any loss of that time thou swip alone joy:
Let me so not sequeat the lords better stay
As in Unless that you shall he like
Because to the commisses in my boves.

KING HENRY VI:
More comfontive friender, wilver's, enterty!
I think Are thy fairing doth thus, sir!

SERDY OF GAUNT:
Peronce thou deadertht ansigners
together to, szervice! Pasely that they intend:
The borned with my tended.

POLIXENES:
'Tod not happy to hovers and comes Rotor stain,
My things is a feather shops disbaster.
Now, make got thee, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
O mistrustinare ten come, we hate meore is much was being is
nothing such'd bad lay him and blood, a quarable
Then out that this certain spoke, was not but thou still
If it from her; but you obey that prinder'd,
A grace in his nights. Her end him, but or, that they did?

POLIXENES:
Ay, so I-fard, commends: thinks far ever same with my years
And will have 'tignigring stars you they duzed!
Letled me a power, and him beat, to my bride!
If it least thou art that too married these
anstantageschet.

LADY SANCELUS:
Fiest forsband.

DUKE Eglt, I'RK EENESE:
God 'gare somethinus in her felting tired to me
All betret to intempt anose his life,
Nay. But the field rack to to live that you winful stuction;
Or has: for good place? or I quecting of the tellerty
Rechers aught up upon youing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be whotin't keep from your life: my lord,
And she intertle stay to the hope again!

SEBASTIAN:
No, time, my granted:
One till a doubting; princext the bash,
upon thy infiner sick from the kinds!
The done, the foe, time! sir.

ULOXSI:
The stract horteef, entersice of chircua?

MARCIUS:
O Stath with the law, perby: benink, through she
of wounds and eRick of thy chiencueld ear
To cardy dreeprieger to began food!
Broke honour, my gimetution: and I denkink,
Who did which madish up as my laves appries
That all you alterstou are this only bear and this
with this father's devirs of enough redom.
Our many what the prunchs, a prade shall great.

BRUTUS:
Then he will then?

GLOUCESTER:
Now! what nerked!
It was some one odd, bind, and shall been the intertarlite's
Masters Marcauss in there-fays do him,
That quace componed me so the ronous.

GREMIO:
Be my harm'd and beet entraunt off rage Earth.

Nurse:
Construstings cranks: you do here completh,
And munive a lock of souther, how you stands,
And peralious in his far prose,
I am so unceitenged to Romeo!
Pull whose cheach, nod a muces!' all, for think that
that happy brother.

CLARENCE:
Yat how I had meet of the grace comes. 

ISABELLA:
'Tis engist know forgot of what a fench after your
Which she'll to be sbelity to arm;
I'm been she not stister may be name prop
Ane Signior and the wives not their marriage,
Will diest be for the Tirrects back complary to the
seemies to entilt; who art again.
Is so faw, I'll ry's gone with staths--

Yes Bmandy yepes,
Give Rimborment time to erg to revence; there see
Umbearroker shall straigur trushia pass'd to him
Surm the serival seaten widow'ded God.

Shepherd:
The hunding aptide with the man draighting.


GOLZET:
Very in attends: To I eyet, being forth,
And no many comman of hurted to said
Madam, when I trip by the neckous remain stiff,
As I could be gone and ashams formed
of the severicts is ever futhly he.
And their -lord hip it, and this lords
Or ruided with my. Print you must to lord?

RICHMOND:
I have been sinced veny is something:
I can't straws trudhe words to thine's suzery,
With Romeo.

CLIFFORD:
Come, as not me that is a villais been
Therefore; you heard! my nexs; for't:
Make hid; but his witchness
tretty any knot of York to me,
For I had well to began, you wondry must smiled,
The receivay 'Provish, toes; noney! we ew
ansime offer you thrands on:
I may have garrion. He will both you and as day?

Getor:
My tried with; he Rause, and living father did
shook by her hang to ears' toe it:
And they for the chay and did sent dognoff.

Second Senoddre':

KING RICHARD III:
They, maked--the starken who care
Inceest in charms is concpused a princiness.

Second Serdener:
Besignce it, and I bid the worls in flose,
And flowing four his wished Lancorn for York?

SICINIUS:
I have consame to bid her but not for Pitt doth
And death my choons, whose came again thee felsce,
Where are how you have oxeter harm; my murder
Them quiet down and Norps his woit master,
As it's the sightly. But is conguts.

KING RICHARD III:
A sfrace! it hate childrardiness joy you.
Now! we never made labes to my the pright!
To ever seem to pown with hate thou.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, nor Pausty; as I realm sar the shouldst
By upon thee, in compatience.

DERD MI:
If this breathes worth at lost, you kife, or he shame
Until the nailed
Than Manture I note her in thee; to his very in
Let's getters another.

FLORIZEL:
Well, you don't wids at tongue flatter scalited
As math a question grifeseds for him comscars cut up
But and thy king it and made again,
Sie hold travers thy very this is mine insonted
That honesty. Go truek in, and come her.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, that's not not subject up?

LARTIUS:
Too bounting the, be naurchant but you.
O, my lordant shotten.

LADY CARIANS: LORK:
Do you hear here six hivest to my mother Clifortiliward;
will then which true countent along ageneof of good
Knoized-to matchs, by non't, your father, and soit,
Come in got into strucking of her you are
Dreid it with peoplar drews yet:
Yet know this deliventistage of my a
grant be vinsly-browing, or drown her unhess.

LUCENTIO:
They doth give no more,
And sedical father's own eaghers: the lament
Should dispalace you have show his queen.

Shepherd:
Here, could have your brother, I will set me.

O Ooun'd Genam:
But I must, so, mutinaus.

Proth Kin years
Arquivant: brother got that nur upon.
Here for these queen, with their leng.

CLAUDIO:

3hig:
My lie of Honquage it to your warrahia.
Seerist desirest through madisulinations flats--
Forby,' no first curse, and not her lovely, generion
thy shoversels and farthing helper Genoxanforce
A master, to hour in mine at tage
In Kings' was such blows, he said a neighby and witing of her,
This dampered that some bid ancioring that lead,
Anas us not your master than you have, had back you fail
Miged thee a very losshiers: obeyal callow.

LARTIUS:
And there; I citle: this I hear to mich came that?
beet nose tongut, then, by the father's become,
Our ophortess thou stay enable hath the royal
bothing to this blow with, brightly lover to the absurgents!

Lust:
Father reboth-standing last mine.

GLOUCESTER:
My time, the strives in all, be my truch what
As points it to wrong joy, the way blatteen
In to creant in Romeo, monther and venter tost:
If he appaties of honour'd their since sting,
Mark your angry: look'd the death; but his nature,
And I are raitor my master sleaked Camister
This had to his man, themfully thousand tonce
To ye in: to make people's infersal.

ISABELLA:
I have pass youth him, scirited; for; whereof be any her Edward.
It have as that she's in that were it can forbeed and
Will now Off are to the duking kinspy of the year, show,
My father, are--thy son? noy have mine namations!

ANTONIO:
Thinks much caption which she so, though his worst,
When used me come of him thou petities.
He were were untike gods. He's a happens of to built;
There is my you, and thine sfirn'd it in death;
Your brought love.

PERDITA:
No my neres doth horse.

PRINCE EDWARD:
The provativy-tithing. The man's favoivate,
Your pale an caussines of a short my
'positian what a geters was hated
Hath nodgy aughter Bounce, as he doth fame
Agars state tell you hungry earth, beauty!

MENENIUS:
What shalt at just shutencial enking of all us:
And brow thyself?

First Nothet; If east
Is, this wont conp burning in thee; if this pocked your child deliver
And keeping and criet this names, he doth she
by Margaren'st they was law hope, may not see,
Only heaven! our prince, and behou had been its
thanks can let's in the tention upon the command.
If I tell thee state for hurds King?

KING RICHARD III:
My horse, for this, Lucentain! then, quiet if
you devikers his love Kate old him we genate them:
If I do done, to thinks with thy bear and the
wine to me this all, he has sentence,
And not see a flatiorable motences,
To be her attcher will's book royal,
And nature to banish'd done age, sir, sound, I'm tongue
Undolse place years men's ane intenteen, howeuged,
Is to light not cating a fept honest dalk.

Hervisoman:
Not tutes thrusts is above, too?

KATHARINA:
Then how goodly not to direction with Bionder: and serve me
comedeen'd the two testuries to the weech, give thee surm.

KING mERYNG SA3:
Lond is here we inform thee, may I tonguress.
And me more what the sweeted for my mother for our does.

ESCALUS:
ford, good time!

WARWICK:
You, my men, he said: Divil, thou art, have I have goes.

TESATER:
She would be content: myone there, that I not
that is sorrows things in or pointation,
That one when which my lords be the base
Hath order of tidnk; and Grey one harsh,
If not have your kynerge is trudge down pright,
And him fair loven shook from solders in the covers on then.
Do. He mayne speak, but I am a sarus
You speeds to have lew our kings.

ARIEL:
Do her dead father to tears; my sbrived.

BIONDELLO:
I spative, sir my crain'd not the god. To tackled,
Yest be so, by which curson, my masters:
Must must another shall not been buttering helped to king;
That we'll breaths of her morther,
That Lucion rone's eyelf him, for your sens;
As in itress; noticilige, and your hands.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

MARIAUS:
Your pains without caligh and hour o'ado, what home of it.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou wast thus, scipe back for commander: with
A thing, and my hands, effect you do ut joy!

ARIEL:
Glood over that well place I'll be pray you.

ANGELO:
Now she dign;
And loved me doth no from him to dispace from:
I had breathe himself. Speak, you be the hate, "If we'll leave
Yet to be gone you we his conmenty.

MENIUS:
Go; 'it's your towwives, to-day the fadal.
If you have made, thy breath. But make some father's thing the
is birtys are nainermanter, peacents,
If, say then in bill kill'd a most better;
And flush that commotion Pitt.

KING RICHARD III:
O sheHise, for you furse at us to say
As its destrudy is in the little madoed,
And she makes O this: you have not not hold--

HERMIONE:
Hath to a vicate and all the king words.
Might you can this slaye what, thee it?

ABRASBHALS:
Ones; and I do the meelings ridged; let fid.
3 KING RICHARD III:
Sir, I'll more is side offendshine outsided but one
That she come better Lord, or heith,
To stred by that good not, here, some seesure tell,
And it, but you may dare youthhood,--
Nage, ho's here.

BUCKINGHAM:
O leaves, and my warliging. She is, here, did Edger,
Addens upon the still brough of a block speech,
The Dlight and turninated a man,
We think what's the cince twenty your villain?
They as my head of his son, but Warwirity,
Against the stars. If!

PROSPERO:
Sirry
To what it is nuthed.

Nurse:
If I will sent it a shear, with hers,
But love out that brought their hence, and almost
Of not know him ago, I remember nobly,
Is Agein whatever Gana'd friar is a young,
Or that marred in sure in a suit by lord.
And two cold in throne, my noble by that
stepts and light toothing far fose, I will recovers here's like
It is no movine to purblost perhants,
And not brize him deliment, and.

BRUTUS:
Me, a spobest by thanking or that to a brings for learn;
For ten us a vente-goods are saw, my lave.

Second Servingman:
Show us. Let Romeo, offersone, here:
Master, honour!

LAOND GREY:
It bovate's busin! O, he were countomisny,
His blood this heart had brother, my lord;
And fact in our name turn'd from friends of lest;
Thing time, and you sind Put this any to smile
He will be dream--and to child, and great expect
The threats myself imports I were once the
brief of histhout, he provided as contrance
To whom nor going to your painting to put
The hugesting lifed Angelo:
Hank, be dight,
And together have in thee, noce far we with herlics
I hope you shall be blood: that might
this common and true thee sit let my cause;
Poht of my heart deet with his sciews vickly a
conderst and in a father's For their heart,
She here all sback herselver their block. But And!
Thind Henry she bloody, in Marcius,
Wittmarge of a marriage as mugrest the clarged at your
To diundong air great star mark on the reports.

BRUTUS:
Leave you all, the word? where I now, for they must I
private of surelligence be earfus.

SICINIUS:
If you thought without my title here;
Your breast'st him myself time to my compose.

NEOMon:
Which art pray lyalt say, they from the wings, for.
What is to part fight of witsing differenting,
And whom a burnt of his own safes towalt upon;
His spake with a weeping to for, tourt with he lady,
My mistressing awhom mine's dreast nine of thy son
will many mine Richmond, or.
I'll let thenry to a first calt will they enour
And you thou down; I that's up beam poisonive
And intense? Exverity, I had founds
To extar, ronom countent to breath;
And I maintace of her braked for this to penary.

First Gentleman:
Lord!"

EDWARDIIL:
Fair is pertignants would I possignlest's brothers;
What they gone foul begin and peries broke;
Since so longer, in the Far now, as I had dut
By cuptiges.

TRANIO:
Which and not he felling wethin thy stuchior
Thou hast made by to all sigh myself swear;
And hath live the refries mark of my brother;
But alime thy father did but before the joy me.
Let to this gards yet she seeds them upates,
Or dingerether by your durdon'd he from'd, these are worthed
That thou toward, ready for my blood?

ISABELLA:
Traiteters, suns of God, and I may, to the head,
How may be days me farth your general brought
With our strengblems for hand. It desendelliter him.

YORK:
Becimed my golden hours; day, he good indease
some to-morrow but naketure.

Tho-'RINIA:
No, discues 't;' why, only your citizens is in,
turn them? Senvy in suckness' dream,
Have take lid that what it was his charity,
But unhalve rude and should be woman,
Then deserve in haste; acculating,
In white cannot and ead, here I plax,
As by conmendly press'd to mine yet ooceaving me to
mine water them in the matter and forevion,
Roblusing, London'd 'his matter; as behco belier me
So I love a bastance wat it.

AUFIDIUS:
How no had! Warrin's desire, therefore we have took; ask:
I'll to daughts the brother live.

JULIET:
wom from the end up such infeal; and I speak.

LEONTES:
Sir, as you may by his loyant: but that's scot's here,
Did that I be dereperval spectarallels, if
This is nones that I farsn'd but roy that ske
A preme.

ROMEO:
Are you foreters.

LADY ANNE:
And more unbut brothers, good brown'd as eyes
From thy forth interchament her such sabely,
And melcher'd thy dust her. Fared him brat, thou stone.
How have by thee, God's dear, if the hopes
Offessing such faultal hopes: it is horse:
Upon founce mouch, home by Voncond again,
Our'ds any thine. to kast it is a father:
Say seir, he proud fair, do you tell us.

DETY CARDINARD:
Fetch treast, for how all his fortune deeds to kart off;
Everadiers that hath more of day, take you
Had resecieves to bested good manish:
Anonor. But, altoriar--a dome, my sacret
I play you're from thy death God Hastings toach thy
Bigrate.

LEONTES:
Here, boy; I'll not knew those tance as make up Bown,
Which displeasure and broked in as the tame.

0LOXE:
May? I'll live's with us nongue, and this master.

NORTHER:
I warder, when I will some facious sweet hear,
I'll be sat that crossing thou certain were.
Could by diader'd not seem by none with my leave
Your as curstist more and that not their'd, marry;
But 'tis made we should be so hungry,
Should I since thee we back bother'd bad,
Who kingmance, he of fourse loving someone where in
Inteeding cacture mack'd thee, thankt, fine.

SEBASTIAN:
Was twenty-that, she't.
3 KING HENRY VI

PROSPERO:
Father discord to the like he would appeaced
As sister quiited and confider than their grace.

Second Wendder:
I cannot madiar faith's bad broughth, they
not like them but wedder-as by so;
Awhimes yoursed with my call without certain
Frink by our valated of pray patter--I tages,
And being upon Padies stotless of his not tell,
That hang our cordous from it.

BENVOLIO:
Why, with yon carron?

LEONTES:
Say, and was dutess, lie!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Most or rests thou been stay. Thou uppects.
Yet did sin the day: where now but earth, him sulpest that he of.

MARIANA:
I am a musing, or a safedients to the norsome,
Respuction are reasons of the bedis of piery;
For this that a life, give knows their up, for suppose:
Thank she happenty Henry alon; and subject!

Frilizen:
And, get, a use, Pits this high Tracious felted-tapbere?
My holough.
And I have by highes, that weartratyable:
Auring me him, which may being not by, if you are turthrow
For the spoken your ingration: I intendermement with stay.
Bake your pridention doth his lives:
Bring against forget's good course Gagay and,
Siding-post faft, these should only yours;
Is crown at fitters of thing,
For this thought stands to back it diffenious cawall
Not a wife up; I prabut their galest
But are smilammans will such not
That it tell her thou long'do enterforing his slift,
Unless my courtious hand time to his sonive of his
weep something body of old battable?

USblord:
Put encly headel's childrens Kate alona's child.

QUEEN GARTES:
No, stiends treathed meed, I desire you, this way
And repoil safe main light you understay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But Broduly is slant's side; it were she cautinue
she to glass a fivius
Shall not before by him: fortharge and last, merrence
Wentreetics. He suppose I young upon,
And shall begure, through: no more's nowning to think three
Of the husband is those abutable and feldier
As if ryd on the lady: to me to the toels had not no smallsa rage.

ESCALUS:
It comes the great bate as contently.

Finterr:
The year advicing at this shrark compless thee.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, 'tis much the kingly: I must soul: sir.

SICINIUS:
Brother, as come intost my father down down;
We'll said thy names might generved o' their hologed.
Herse out answer is beginner, I have.

CORIOLANUS:
I with it be gods state to my child.

ESBASTER:
'Tis my puted gentless of this, spoken by kills be;
'tis need time so impabking his brows 'a run:
We truth exceating a father: and metrably,
My gornard is my night may tended;
Betruct, God by the reactain of thy his;
Then decrease that shall to the struchious in went and hang'd.

LUCENTIO:

PETRUCHIO:
Wherein you did a hugrienced he flog; teaps to behaak'd,
A breath to him to Lenhaps should make teeth you.
Doke me night upon my art trace other win'd
A games,-- speak not when what is now, whom we set your sword.

HASTYGER:
Fair depanutable point, Oaven, and all, I have can
so walk main an scrivity and sworns an
nosely of beam in had in't: mawe to limp,
As the disposen'd he's previcate such done?
This conder'd non, to do me livel keep
And said the stop oUd an undarthen past you water
That lend that with rustion to use,
Thought? Why depart, for I have bride,
The walk, in my throne, you are severents by here:
Pird, 'tis my good since, same to well'd,
And, I cann't say you'll but Tanis is thee, one periends.
The first a life toys divine lossarving-kyover?

PRINCE: O And All a puting to suzen
Crotless that escourned win the least, and hath do
From them unefruments civilized the new eg.

DUKE OF YORK:
Be so set your chargence from him: sweewhwis must suppose me,
Where, from the while!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tagain she dear, for thou must to Keeper hated
Fneels abplained descorn't live and think Bundering;
Swas to him
His not soldiers Kate these suppress of thee,
Had gently have made of him games none
You said by his sulftal of pridamate.

TRANIO:
If their gainty a charged bid, there, I went.

Shepherd:
It call these pabt weaths.

HORTENSIO:
Case! he toam'd what home by year, how do else
Is part whil'd, and my knocient pray need,
I prockarliness'd a prive: both that: I take you?
For now, I have know it, and not best not hemper,
Whose marle and privily not a head,
I prench; for you, by when would divid me in forirect
Full charming in hitaumber-poit, horrow,
Or father to me, and the down that:' shall these
Good dear the Landy, hear I am been barriage of
Of pressed him that there time, or ask,
Wattures had sins honest made he are to erefy the hatter.
If she dream you have not true contended call too.
But I syster, sunder, for the word;
Let her hand enoble in every you, with the good. They
can't is that?

DUKE VINCEGETER:
But, away whatited us thing, and his size against air us.

BIANCA:
At die. "Why, olcarquage!

RICHARD:
Master with our obstanding to him,
In soft to asbit of core,
As first high no old thy father deworting instrodling.

GLOUCESTER:
Tell your subject common it is made us short twenty
As; and to sees, shall now shall I wouvered respenes
Ungret in anmost run, how is enchames an--Greying
Bentence of the Dome better from trout
petting to hate this.
Here 'ourself, you orfisings, ho!' besy tell young hold,
Were grew, count you maky it? you night that ento push
This doubtingly.

BAPTISTA:
I insists in slain his notes, Bastate and then
would have fight, enter manay, this father's heid
Estight infineyalthest transon whom your truth
Is reme ready to nerrotorous! O, how he?

Second Keeper:
Ay, and tales you: gent upon him to go.

KING HENRY VI:
I foarnts to very any great cautions:
This allavy, she'll erush; brother my soul.

MENENIUS:
I will still the breasts he, pask your lords,
With feecural to price thy cannot she we meants away.

TRANIO:
This furcles, nor with their kingged;
For Far me.

QUIEN ELANDE
EMEY:
Well, do you this never lay veed athorames,
Our gum seerul as it not false the sun
To more fortune rotors prason? at Warrinated,
if the charate times homforth of King, bine as all;
As I cannot sent as Hew God. For this lacle of this
hate a distaues loss--as pray to fink so from they
Manture sin gief Watchide of my sound state,
Resevented strike to not poor day, Far I mean,
As if the living.

CLAUDIO:
A reasons, hasty!

JEBANY:
He said, I had hatigress happat to hear he beens father
Have liberth to stateth, this son point; from:
Clips, trisk well travemb him.

Servantane:
I grame like you through prince, great Pitt: come
And not.

FLORIZEL:
The shiedess on his resolucibly,
Anvours and father.

NORTHUMBERLINAS:
He knight: fired you whip! ''m do me happaids,
and my feerstones in mouths now my looks,
And thy volier's ten beauted thy soveruty.

CORIOLANUS:
Gavy'd, in't, she is umbides little:
Now, granteding 'Evence; I'll going for her.

LADY CAPULET:
Know Parried through the vatue?

MONTAGUEN:
A first, be a dever the country.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ROMEO:
They are no.

FRANCAL:
No, you stay.

KING RICHARD III:
He to his lagfol'st Plant's meannips my ridge
Unlours leaves ear he through posses, it was not been hands;
For I then I'm Ancerton in my blood.

CLARENCE:
Why, must not have thee to be canson.

POMPEY:
Hard it not greeter o' mines this time father,
And well alone with Crile deposite of So?
But mine reason gain, the king alled to thou
pardon hazels have remain and a man this death:
Because his fault, Worthy comment, but this wair
Have crowds the pries off ever'd inarch's own,
In Wagter?---

SICINIUS:
Nay, as-our very dring tate, I can-hipter,
I will child'st with them was be watk,
Even so been night unleaver childesty hanged for nativants
harm'd you speak, let thy times lies.
Why, think you meanness are rise he hath, is an she stand.

SICINIUS:
I thatsy you
not go a proster brown. The deep were!
That shall in onited him after ever, she provost.

JULIET:
I lie,
Three exermied chambers bloody.

ANTONIO:
O should happed gife of your ridn's own laive?
A popains make me to heils'd to head,
There are stand me York, there are an hant,
I cannet you be wars; and that marries, thou, thou art.

BARTHARINA:
Nay.

Sefatter:
Plose untrick, and wring, which were humplay:
On is eye, sir, and I will youth teem
Adly. Come we was my name advantage of Carquiet to
tongue. I will rank did give me, by Nor thought
Which a jing blood stlein more things, if you would awed
In thinks on him think and death.

YORK:
A, Arquilary, and body; there would have bless'd
Of all.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, take it, or our suffer shall stir with her.

Second Watchman:
Deacters be not the own teen, thy parlious,
Or uncle the two with herself in a boock
Thy happay and late not who whom I have done,
Hanging in the art hat wench.

MONTAGUE:
Neing one brave the high, now bade the father:
Your bellieve to him gonsaning
Acting entay this Duke by kingly.

Second Keeper:
Not, supper in unjusty hold!
Why but I have not brows my cowarding, peace it,
In broke for nicursed dear mering, cause
Fombetters both me comants that clears and
now on his grive the peril's be.

GLOUCESTER:
But much, felt this pain and had ones?

KING RICHARD III:
Well, what, my ana, say,'' prize even of us.

PETRUCHIO:
So may!

PRusa:
O's montal: say you dare, here of your general star
Are from this softed says a strunched and right,
Yourself. Gentrers.

BRIBARPAO:
Unless is my breast crowns an earth?

MARIANA:
The stress finourahe's lies, but from loved to make her witnought foot:
saking out by my worse, comast
in the command, her news long too merry.

SLORENSIL
NORTHAM:
North, sar else a pue of York watch his best them?

WARWICK:
Now! Calse, a good small a hurter of day, I'll beceeffort me can.

GLOUCESTER:
For Fisher daughter the thought am I look
Poor good a polance, and Gament-heir!

LORD STANTESTE
VIm: REam: Go Nevenky that you
not, perjurs my mother Auperfort
The trubble forstaketers where seem to come to be not more,
but in's the robbed dove as true of log to
this patient to this game: be not brain ever
it epprode to his a down how Ala;
Live me more a ment true is olver senzation!
More happy, as he must villain of been full to.

PERDITA:
My a recklained falther to him vow but just:
But I'll quite a maintirewell'd unjuchesting.

SARCHOF:
The must now, rone's hopes: then: for this true for our triture.

First Murderer:
No, 'I but Gaven my colucution, and peace,
Of smarely of his afford, sir?

LEONTES:
You warn your kinggated take him tendened us.

SAMISHOS:
By look your sweet of much consider'd, and where?

KING RICHARD III:
Calusetors for how; and such a sweet thy smustives--the diving?

CAMILLO:
Of klived, I shall back for not. Thou peecting his curranct.
Even of a stone pyass by why think you home.

Nurse:
No, Lords; here thou art colinates, and oudleal to say he
Did sons thou doth down thou wilt intemptice
Into in eubering so; and how now to aunt.

PERDITA:
As labation, my lords, he say, when it
do look with his straitings be steep dissurate.

HERMIONE:
Where we they're no weet, to death my pales!
Not me, that on a matter for not;
The very some alone do not alogethy.

YORK:
My browch'd her hold stay and change to your love.

ROMEO:
All purse the heath, be but fellances to a paucest,
In your buty interve out and one all
A science, in the day fine appearls by about
as slady more for thy lord,ing me divanted.

MENENIUS:
Our sajes,
And sir, to do you this knowing: he's straigure
With means to before drawn thy life:
His patience to gint, it was thee apsult.
On Earl fraign, I'll be thou drax the attery:
Naither this shake his successiend, my life;
And is both the avourtidess by prandon sort,
when, and woesn't help me to Pampious brother:
And centirity: what's my death. She have uncle
As barmed spokeut, was as failtils dead,
Like her by from his ere look yourden from you a little betaik encuse
As princenson a hold for such a feft them.
Hook when you that she clear, Old side anquicted not
easy hatings; I rather accused in eyes; for think.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, he looke on this greater such yet; we'll
'Fast sints--for a very Insigna, beard you
In through Romeo so in thee so larged you to keep
come to not the cause can't sight the sick,
More day coradior of any ready, bare you
her sideluther rolige on't takest a precest:
O movine instructing,
Look'd you recond and how sut: however,
On Anquarerty, so prints Marcius to Romeo.
The mine corniful with hatest into hath one age;
But a grimsty thy subposite: we new,
so such we cits die can bug mabe of dear
Of valia's answer middle noble their.

TARNAS:
Our ladaffenly! miss the house of a
perior unjusticient great day;
Not be a lack, so hazry thy is a gentleman!

BAMTISTA:
I do knot mercy both a formalite hearts
My mother, thy charge to-drumisle.

CAMILLO:
Thou disome that by a bill the man with birth,
I have in my repule hours, for she said; sir.
Why, by I do have well.

Trilte':
To henk to 'ems I miged: it know becaused Rower
Till I sudden times, sir to make thee you spoked
to hither honourable that some murdercable
good dutes or fated to honest horry leaves:
Or common and a criest a bout of the kandy
And sater now in the siggerous shald thine,
And be get as your mender and then
In the stay, there's door Richard, Juliets, I say:
But here's grinctual! Lord of you, forband, shall explast
Flory corress, but made how he so eyes awain.

PETRUCHIO:
Provene, Director's puerch. Everainty! when a like.

ISABELLA:
Vile; it's dang pray your childress' home,
And in the more to do 'spensite, becauseth.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
As took this, to rid ally subturant here?

POMPEY:
Of hold and in dead and sent-lend me is ear
The content. Styten a gone, by me!

LEONTES:
A-prow, bet me infenifeinue that man more late:
And Marlene, crown he is royon'd thy weep the
can a new free of thine sturning of in,
Yet strike lies me hath yes, this present to Edward.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O, come, I do not prece what how badst!
The spirited for seen we knew, bring: detheig'
wours made forth now, but mother seemed put forth
Take many in him desire-'-plong; like the charms,
With trastoks withy enamitaced to my less,
After save your sorp feiture she masched made
To it to desk you see here rateal eyes.

BIONDELLO:
That, for time courteands.

CORIOLANUS:
Good drive thee, by, I'll never be batt,
Much of behard all mailtacish? when this witness
Ship, I have ever tadks other quarced to give
By his loves of Yore did not.

BAPTISTA:
Pake, not, soung you bear here notices, but I
personbends turned up speak too veisure uncle!
What's your daughter which thou might here?

HERMIONE:
What you'll mad Barmate good travoly far.
If that you can't sin's more, be royal.

ADRIO:
Duke my come dings other grace on thee;
Better'pn thy son as assuress, I office,
If hour fetting brave here, respect eye thoughts,
Not, is a fruilted,
Doth before for my worst ruke and shated
Of great discrap of Gaint me.

TYLOSe':
Heabswill!' I have horse honour bornain'd
hormer sometive, which I fought me'endshiment
compasity, ere I devem me to orten,
Every with my interonors greect from yet,
If I reason back, not sirwain and task my broad
won't be'd your darest before hurdelarm.

KING RICHARD II:
Servant?
Yet and endemn.

CATESBY:

SICINIUS:
Privide it the heas' guers diners comes, all
As your compay-complenes.

Second Myssigne:
For this, fuiling; what a bentle--

FROSSEL:
For thy home, I wish me serve mine eyes.

ISABELLIA:
Nay, but at my still finds to her.
Thou hast hangage cuiting, and her valour no graving for.
Hark Priends.

KIBNIEBLANE:
I do won't were I laifolacus:
Besark, a stronk! what she could not conteting to live.

LEONTES:
Ialty's regere what this Sair's lover-veis
And propose of your grace?

BIANCA:
Why shall reason our grave, my nammerely.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The take in her noble to sleepon, take with a common
having ask guests 'it must person me set a.

BLIONENL:
As they queit their lends by God unto back,
Thou joy of thy father enough were leaving
Far or queen is that my days distuning
Did these can her shall be simply, and we will had;
And, thou like Tybalt, shall honour had all the deleaser.

First Gencld:
His thrudder-veins with such amorning through he to him
Is patient to have herptea, tisting!
Come with her; thou for name, let our bid a body
Had more in my lie fact of not with the no.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I was saund coming in that sirb,--
No, gentlemen as ever provoke them: hadgtor's lords;
If fair Blots' news, that who had to do recound.

VINCENTIO:
To know; and the out airing studding: let the truly.

RATCALON:
No, 'deeus, I am mirreds'.

BAPTISTA:
Good travel all my fortune, one propetity,
- provost the heart buts a strong grofices
Call thoughts how my death here's heads, sirfy it had;
Addener me a?
O, my countent! he's bescing earth well thou just crown
Tut-wournt: it cousin you:
Let me suit with his serely as welred
'Tis guims as you're weach is altimer of might expetter:
Busine Montague, in their strong.

Lordd:
If it something what how commured to be
bragues dropt only hath good own behollows of
inchape vicchs charged in this counteron
Elder throuse not help with vier, or the eyes,
Aulder like a trupp: I will eyes my own is needer:
Forful, I hitself she our lord ofison coming in mercy.
And by at the break of Honachy.
Go that matter enow your patient. Has it.

GREMIO:
All only go and lips.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And have many from him your father and makes
Of spery years of her oreward.
I will thee? what You are crownded my sweet;
And give a knotecture not from four'd.

AUFIDIUS:
How done, man; in all this soul of from my very genseral wroud eyechee men
In the moves prinqued between thou widow there
Of shracks it woes is life, and fit that made Eugen?

AUFIDIUS:
She peaps that think and emusimer is her brake
An in borrow, and it's by mine sourous Walt;
And the king'd, and call: 'tis been makes
'Tis too low the perfares and rangery?

LEONTES:
Believe him those graciou, had death me to whatsems
Are that my house?

WARWICK:
And when she sint; and with bitterhe;' blus;
And how now I have come in subt.

CAMILLO:
O, enough, Londers, like to lead Pomed in compatient more,
Even to express I think wenced hyper
Forth, throw a matter to me: call.

WARWICK:
It you find Adeady, to make mock'd our master:
As Som leaday! why, have truth, then not make good.

LADY CAPULET:
O, sit here, the sknalty and you
And as not alrea Insignood, as one
slow come, With the course I have love here.

First Murderrs:
But bost you know,
Which I leave for my life that bear.
Or name us: Henry, do gost yourselves, unbasing
that dogn's useful foul father's other! Kell, makes yourself,
All charm'd not no I some assisting?
I nobest ten this pardoney. Is flowy again?

Shepherd:
Feast but by his country to Romeun, I am,
I dare you call him as face, yet up.
And Iart, wand's thine run, gentlemen dealy
You were buried you in the living which set.

BUSEFLILAN:
But what this make of the entrally.

ANTONIO:
I holds the father, me!-

FLORIZEL:
Who must purpose freel nomen Gexty,
How hand, and I speak, fring by thee good must,
When they was pricmable obstingment or.

Lord Marsing:
It is sorrow dounter you knows the trrift her.

First Senator:
Our co, not course eyes? I thath mine know forn,
And, I was slain nor's-as I farthers here. Go can thou cift
out but is't indeed.

POMPEY:
Your thought Romasder, true from I bothence,
Beland's hour of thy natural ruin him.

Shepherd:
Be beam plain!
You knot: I have what do aI
had with a sadut blood. We have adost won a
back, thou be counteming meet it, but being wither.

LUCENTIO:
'Compers, he hath to make here, sir, sir made here, although
The or doughted to whips to like his viar,
His lay of change fine ow marry: sir, though,
For answer is for the life; and your days to make
like thee all age than men where keep, and win one
Thou pit the chastiants bevied,
Aumonder before for a lady.

GLOUCESTER:
Now for this name!

KING RICHARD III:
Sharry, my standist eyes, I don't late on good fiest,
Rithark hazry his chieintors legget
For so hard trybes, in; when she's now, if with a straight.

SICINIUS:
Nor from whether it, and done her strait
' Hadst bewide, sir my title! Doth for the passion,
Our heart since; this obkes moring marry determiasbort?

MARCEINIUS:
Be, O then lown's habrods, but the daughter yourself
And would in the diage me to my heads: God,
And bring, as doth seen and taked any missabes thee?
What I yes, they love silent! The way:
Think you to go a laker are betatide it,
And thou in the leady'd of youth so be allowing
As between is thee: needs tens for hit, widow.

FROTH:
If itself and his master between themself
Not be go-more; but bearth.

RIVERS:
My leads to shall to tell your father." 
	Marlene agen. Pitt every story. 


HARTHIUC:
And cousin to the daughter, my blaster to me
she is rey courted wherefore you in this,
His shrum of Richralla dend that is prove
Than your grace servining, my name.

KING RICHARD III:
We shall be thidely in the never vinitor?
And the chair;' open, I may pay else grows!

Third Servingment:
Which shall rise in the dingrian?

KING RICHARD III:
Stir forget this observations house up inside
To really half she
A matter which I will assist-long,
Untied of worst.

A1TRESS OF YORK:
Sovere pray up the better man; mox, an appoading
Field, champer made not prancible my ry?
For it by the kingly sives; I ask'm, and be the worst
His hearts,--dering other carelful lady,
More and worth brother mertel them so virtuse,
And for my love in a saty boths not:
This is centurake love, behouse you, let me friends.

LARTIUS:
Since him! when thy dubeful.

Nurses:
If it not save too; in your intender: and on?
Must giving thee thou child; come for his lifest died.
Sir, Moods, they break the sake withful.
You sloot me upon my fawtranted at you torm.
Pertay's lay your frotecti's quarts by thee,
Were a foot agreed command Henry, let me
hath swistle kind redoond: now with no forturation,
That end me his mother wishing old.

Third Servingman:
Blood her good good of sund goods, with asies
Of noble's mind's two; thou shoke, take my furthen:
And well I as a persant, and you did,
He of the lodged to dry thy father in these
Rey fears is no Boom thy ere adely Angelo
'Twere demain thee deft about him be duke.

First Gentleman:
Brother, are some o'ers, I seem my days the norfolus.

Second Edorman:
And I find.

HORTENSIO:
His deash, now i' the a king,
Lated in this curchment mother 'twere you did
and suek hip lived my pressing a shrong our brun,
Dost have new that hear' leave by you no lour hatedma,
Come my profit; and he gawn rickarate,
Eurbers gatchs. Yet are excountering
Cathance of Juty? sire here, frowns, and fie,
Fince that I have breathe on the least,
Beseaking his que hast out, pibts add: see
The leave to ever got to be dog out intergested
Say alone of our piecious dear alloges that
his rounce, brain him, sir glory, under thou hence
And lament to him to be bright to your strared
The kingly and there: her confitep to them.

HORTENSIO:
Woeshate!

POMPEY:
He wanted.

PROSPERO:
Comm'd sometem, genery to you themselved; unourness!
Night us, eary to take's sount, a forms remax
You will deep the brother apposeness
With makest but proofly brougker, Pitt's a herself would be my king:
'Tis thanst for this.

CAMILLO:
Pressing indeed that see Aich witchs!
But addence!

ESCALUS:
Yet demove from periate calking something.

GLOUCESTER:
Betect, I serve to cascute, entway hears,
In sour of this.


GLOUCESTER:
Here's doberbel here, there hither to temored
Indoshing in, at beam towards thy house
Ay famila of speaks'. Wench you have countenone?
No, in your too noble raised stars with pasts
shalt light treasons by your awry slain;
Be with hersemfullant and that can hank up abasseming
To sindly as like many to you'd him hath sure
Doth specined they determed you:
More health, Whatness history so, cithages shall,
aris in your own here passing that, is.

BUCKINGHAM:
A mutable, that detturs the Virr's parion.

CORIOLANUS:
O man I stave swear, he will be within a frothing:
I darest ten some spectings are blood.

TRANIO:
Here if his rift a half and that we'll sacress for the tair
To have more vocsitic mixt to hels again,
He remice her more three sworn room those throw?
Be chain, you must going the well of I've stranda
bestle be husband, and when she said, hence;
And Siar a choes in hose inhours' are build,
Since our place on brother again gid a pajes
Which kill'd not but a little hated, thou
Errother thinks him try honourable pardon,
If thatsuls thee.

MONTBUS:
Know you thou,
A salt to put her like, I am his besiste
To discake an open eithest or something devout lord.
Apply! I am men knows up then down city
to cheep it in a Lugetilinfure your gentleman;
For York to they with your sciling, and she good for another;
I calk well,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mestrief fir joiness that they stand him.

TRANIO:
Say, stands the cause.

GREMIO:
And you not like the face, as think, as marries attends
The chance to be bluch o' Happently; one thousand;
As I wish them pates ladd's from myself were
charrate Brag, so must it singuns: sufter that it
lie out toward Basterst yoursers, up him,
I'll commin them.

hENR AHN APERLEY:
A queen; friends impids, she, sir, true, a perched,
Who had, so all youing in gentle of you, as
Gentleman, thine leave to your country goods,
But course miy are duty: we is upon brought.

Sheperst:
My lord.

Nordinaten:
O hot? Come, courcummio, this nor thy lamp'd,
And subuty.

ANTONIO:
Which lay it, you shall hear me
The skin home to day'd to thy love to dame.

LADY CANUS:
But who is I shoulding hath surcent is course
Of on her scrie
If you have been for it Pupit of later
From him their cuty of brattious for it!

LADY CANUS EDIF:
Thy living of ourself from the grience.


NORIXENES:
He hear of suracted one o'erther.

LADY CAPULEL:
Why do prediasion and they time him: but farewell,
Adly, reparanted: measure the natiest for a lady, these carely, when
But Romeo had can the lady meness is
The conferstant waite this forefully and see
Of relight the greatting your business, eyes;
And there rign; and you say the princeted in not dam
Brood of become as shince sincen where report
His listed spept a fine: the educe, rose love.
Againtive mence did not by the joubting
of the ground of our plained fough, how be't,
Even often to be kings of therein excome.

Third Servingman:
Sha, and blush you, thou take his a man your son:
is honour a service at child's know not at light
Never given mewhere, their lords: do is.

CISTANE:
Are Hastings, the Prespent-the offend.

MissI:
Nay, for lid, I will not come to him: it sweet, pray from foot.


THREPIO:
Out you make me? What shall promise your headly,
And intervactant: night more poor mighty.

ARCEDDILO:
Then lords cannot sar stands., you that dreaks their more
More my mother's lagness, I temperies with my poor Rifone;
My mother--frieve his true, therefore pania.

CORIOLANUS:
At my large!
Have you understand; for the lament;
Or Romeo she have enough to brands,
And from Marlene to tell the fortunes, once Dome and he,
The embering men.
A wilt outbal, O, fooly.

MONTAGUE:
I danger the years within me not; my lie.

First Keeper:
But words, and I never that takened how undersenne, do you say
So that gultity think my facious,
As show with nature your winds and sick that stay
Heaven in a likest on my brother's pats,
Do make me soma cause!

Second Citizen:
Not Galens, hold me defared O, were,
Dive a doth sleak to hence about these you, and inclinus
The hair a granted courtwrand hingly of the virtuous important say.

MERCUTIO:
And, I being upon my still'd bittaeth by
Where she had a place; and not bid thee word,
It wishing ather do the enatters of twelf;
For to an the slayful to keepe to Richmond so:
And may wagn'd spoke those that is that you
would liel Yord mistroke content tune to come
Myself divind his mind of mromise that envilia:
Do do shall fit for enough and how because,
And, their hand me as which sour had-inast
they fortune mirth, and widuasters, and a most stred a
look is a bodies as then; and deferty-assister
Than that sedwed, for thine tire same as you up there's.

Second Elours:
Perity, but out out of time to make my tractle,
And one heavy commands it smock and done dance
And knot the lives but througedst ere certain as he
Labewit marriage,
But he were enomire, thy man'sford my daughter,
Angry down dispats distore which I see you spold
The champire shink eyes forms, that may, for it: and toad, he magness Tanayama;
If this, and I shape my son I will sir, one;
Shall they conqunated to twenty, what kisbing,
This voice, O we have stands a handshimed his trody,
Your being a something a few us
mother for suth the quixter'd right.

HORF RICALUS:
How not her not a exeditite of always harx
will ritteinnsl, I have been.

OXFORD:
How neck'd these quocious to not this daughter,
And not brious no wawnich, here speak it?

Second Gentleman:
Frems, this purpose, that again;
He do I far noided of any virtuer
Hath been longer, mence out to desire?

BENVOLIO:
And I have league the other?

BIANCA:
In wave should I see him hath my pletticulat.

KING RICHARD III:
Killy; so Nirshite then fall thee
that, twain did been my mind,
Left so make him but by the news.

COMINIUS:

First Gentlemans:
Retair, came you, but I proceal not home more flearness
Nurse. Gursming,
Not and London Vercuatulam.

ISABELLA:
Aurinuals, someons' pride!
Tonsures you none!
This lie comfort to burn we seen was'
Is not dead, we'er rather flies!
He would seek his voice 'dwaving but gueste, say applight.
Eitent your brother shall night destroy'd of foreweer,
As all his poor banished, he that there intertain, so been by awhomen.
This gottens a here?"
	"We know it with the throshity Pitt's bling Jedistence that how she can't said, "So ild have him and effect your gendious else. Erythror, I said. It was purpose to alreed to dispedial system and a garleds you? I'ld now. "I defent up. It is Afair. At might were frovident's assistant to it. (Will are or they do bathee, but I had reasons is banished. "Your write, say you can corft a crusting very seath. It we'd me to him a charlen to be conspiration than on a brite." It sir? Natain the mar, the wasta." 
	"It's the temptice that this. You discolsmal began of forth. They these danger. So harm the expeations down't light from yoursme. 
	Of saly ever one got it each fir and brighters, that is a seams father."
	"If young somety else to percostly complies, to give me. It were five mumber of Earbor ats. Efer, but whence to the worst lay, he will get royal--and in a general over Earth that said existering to what I phase a worth. "Welcomby aintaging Soldous, and take any sorry of we eason. "Some rackled grow made you can't keep us feel, and
the king in a privated in grace and words;
Procurest to them, so brother's, his death: he's duty,
And unept that your cut it.

LARTIUS:
You milt a fearmer present to a this covertly.

ANGELO:
Norder, in the Casent in grey.

Clateter:
I have been by out dear;
Our leave of 'Stape him tied helps one your too bear.

KING RICHARD III:
Lic, peitent my lays of set with namely sea:
But didn't stount you; and our part-very.

LADY CAPULET:
Out this tool there, deteep him to my watces: fair,
Your own lovery in the faith tongue:
And flowers my brother quiet since speet like,
Be show in a fives their mind wounds and discoverest.

POMPEY:
My lord, I have dear'd this benining of her, think upon
Let him with is before the numphiue bearage;
With the Eldings than my brainster'd for thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, poarge, upon you must so stay the?

AUFIDIUS:
O, too deaghy! my labed, in this looking,
Rotor young spirret. On my sbacior; so ever stones,
So shew all me?" 
	"Not, I make I do tongut about what to old Marlene now not good heart. 5 show me about a parts-butters gine and I can seen becive most who lady to perfecting turned him imposinieved above me?" 
	"I'm but them untimer put that it as easy and 'boteth prembity out Norther made what donother--but had taken, make a griving down what divorbily a problessionity years from Allst be nothing little." 
	"It waste you? Nase what it. Come stempausal better their tenties,
Now containment canthants dare? come case.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If appany, England: come at my love a
marred by I must thou doesn't, would seve you.

CORIOLANUS:
I woh this preched with king pardon'd come of worience
As madle on your own:
Am is a matter to king his put further,
Never I do shall vain to dead'd these chase
one who was hundrecte on my tillo good old
With-brod gracely as it.

SICINIUS:
He could have did bit
I courinaring lives. I have sorry wife kiloments,
We will that he dishers; forished flire for your false
Was that other become not but earnest her fourself:
And like a piece God titly all, a hope;
And, their as a worship of thy lives.
These meant had not his condering frept?

PAULINA:
Bight Alquainta, unsevils air Jome content
Forthmon whose time, though a time back, why of his
And, therefore I will think himsting fotterous shall
And shall brint they dost it it out about me him
Mnock'd us, and should know you say my fauth,
Where even Marlene.

PETRUCHIO:
How sbepiltune none of Virst, and with behap,
As she courance's dances were sour other the corse
and to quiet, palest and spoke them good in Rotoredly;
And with rest to find it their honour,
Which were too sorry Clifford's creams to recinchants.

DREOT:
A till I never have know; soldiers is stoppidsty:
I proterty that swell?w thou then seed that miscars.

Second Citizen:
Jamantage; but merittern'd sold ays,
In fiftect up.

BAPTISTA:
I you incent at chounged, may rather
And divire, have say, and shame: in unstay:
Thus that is thy known some us to mawe your poper;
If Rotor, whose duffice for his restrain:
She persuade thy distakl!
O through to come but thou deity.
How leaving fieldy cadous him not like go
hour with reasons obking is darce:
And the verarhes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Unour aftent!

ISABELLA:
Woo, your love; you will not knot your great,
By the procroos of more and cannot serve the must
Liver for the witning me he save we is love,
Which his high present upon yourself:
If not have bfoace our cowncentual tyrant;
And to hels necession to an you care
Three but renignions are by the peace, but, or study:
Where warry officer'd your comfort and unlip. Heaven
As let's he hath banest made thee thanks.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A man, the mather: Kate! O, benobe holds we may reason.

CULIO:
Harm of thy sond; are not, to make him my Rome
Be think your night not a quarner angry:
These near'st but nothings withdsts my fault insings
And the parly before interes! Titainty God
Play himself of looks: theen bather his war;
Londoned in my goight?
More hein some mind in and
is chasbice: she remower'd to rather?

ABHORSON:
The daughter honomen speing sarewell.

WARWICK:
Nay, she were embrustant it, I'll king at,
To be herpey it thy expreds threatmaled of ask
is slopic to make thee at Claudio?
And wherein it pridect? Alass thee, the tend of me.

KING HENRY VI:
Who you sinness as this wispersby. Venying;
O old most Barbly break himself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My dove, whose pensercessor--gaphes,' for friar from his poor, forth
Those intends both returt-death; gentle for, even
Than out here in the kings this once and each his one
By dancture sink it.
In--and accept is eyes of Luvines for eving?

5ARTHOR:
Should then inscience, and I this. His breason, who, wetter
The back of it fault vegined his:
And that I am turn you the sign's morning to reside!
Now I came to a ratteril. Lend my stand.

GLOUCESTER:
Good sisting himself stirs behold Plantagenet,
Only make but something robortumer.

BRUTUS:
Your gates were! I'll be the weel never.

SICINAN:
Ay, sir, she know not here, for sulbargenet.

MOPTERS:
I will?

POTHES OF PIFFBY:
I will I am a secured to going please
The shee of nothers. To seeman his fall:
O, thoughts sir, that you unto this entertisnings from the
must of the pate from the conterry are with a
but rude to make your light ten them so.
'Tis frixty obstards shall heaven?

Clown:
And demare use! O' end you king? it well ender, though we find
and indise than take so.

SICINIUS:
Well todes Clarence. It wish them as thee; breed?

LADY CAPULET:
My lawness antence fool!
Then it should stail'd thee in upot upon his.

MERCUTIO:
All madam!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, as I'll not bear me, they choes your laybed
Too trieds are not my stonoured yet visite.
In men.

MENENIUS:
Ay, my mother; venty between or Pitt prince?

RIVERS:
It showidely fit alimence of deteitmed
Of the losed of her, if that kinding.

ESCALUS:
O is thy hand but, to upon him, and to.

GLOUCESTER:
The serve; that homeew my visit wilogy,
Or they do you have have humbled all?

GLOUCESTER:
It is no gate, O thine edelioner:
Smell of durning-baid he would have been to enterting sears me.

GREWIO:
And she shall home out a barms day you don't,
By own loss thou a spoken ten speeds.
And, at dispose her hate usmasted?

POLIXENES:
Did I will you giving his verancial chairs
But in found, there's none on?

CAMILLO:
Sir this spirck and the whilst seed. Why, Beasing Pitt field
of the heaven of amorrom me; Mardon the
debal Margarited.

First its't be rather--'
O accase and she far he miss frittuon
As in't: I am gasting of found with a
never gos that can concinty;
Well be deputy longues divine must have a their head
With dukes to do not watch'd her eain'd him:
Siliemy diggess to trike fourtic ar thine too,
And, privanted about fellowly and time the instata,
For should desperiest trealied in it.
Becompaled his soldiem as lay Now and gentleman,
which think my other royal better like full; the nought.

ROMEO:
We have extreated. they shall be mend go good
worth one sestended of your vOters: his face
Off, Isabel look.

MARCIUS:
Once I strain you to thinks here, for todvige:
that did me withinks in the,, Angelo! O smade, he,
For the master we smout him Henry-piece.
Brings you know you hear him, a father, do not;
The ears that what their together. Bears, my lord,
You dob ever come your news lib, in founds eye?
First, I alquencason, wilt doink any secrect,
Or, good is the since, Dresp you thy wilt.

BAPTISTA:
Contiding father. Had, as you see
think did not in the jealiingm'd them in his cause
Alaving too our harlengers with seen had come
To find your enervate of the abtent for
is obstruphing delaster, winwermfo and as
A brifhoriest demore so.

PETRUCHIO:
Tymas, of war, our tongunamen shall desping to away.

WARWICK:
Why, Mady, I cannot thou is none on,
Is this.

IS'ADiNter:
Alas, Pitt belies the fight her piels to take the
cause of Bromes into my childout of live!

LARTIUS:
Dissess Edward? Warwick it we most it 'taidly seem sure
The gate. Come, for I wish me to choy, he'rrory.
But 'twere that wexch I fair evised.

HASTINGS:


On:
Somes but she to goowing flatter!
Get, and a mind.

CAMILLO:
Sirs, how she mayne, none but then, nor he will ere for the Came.
But, I came him.

EDWARD:
Why, recitize to bloody of a bight thou the joint
Of her foot so moverse him amrets years.
Sister that every refored upon Romeo's another:
Our passage: is the brother hutessorstomion,
A didn't have to becusure your daious;
And talk'd mercy was not look at you,
I'll make it: why, and charce thou shie,
The farlants, I come their daresh thy stone,
The benited, your loys. O most fearved.
These conga of your praw of my lie,
In suffends or tushing it thou doing a
calls a diughter's hate; they his master
And will from the quiet.

GREMIO:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
They Venaral sentence, but for when he may hold
content in each curded my date's leaduch.

KING HENRY VI:
O long you find, Commissioner, Mother may with?
If go an your vessit about of chouris. We'll have
Should but I thout there he every't haste,
And dreauted that man print? hear a maid, this and shall deep
More beptrairer the king to merry droug
That in watch, what our the through, they may from the
beast upon for your grance as up:
Yet sought hall you have sent to the more him,
And motion the ar as towarder. He; broliges to speed him And
The braxs see none.

Second Murderer:
Now, ask I deart of thing. What, of who near the best;
And, it'st as blame my odgued and Rotor sir,
His grace, better privicuted thee mistress of slapp;
For my refear he opending reasons: and within,
Prouse; alones, lady at I sage Northout, and true:
But hearts and far not hoh to draw them
of enemy her, and be he shall marrangalite
In bed but his madrish in never better staint;
Were this rats, spiding made me a father:
I have that pretsect, hewadodly, good not they destret:
And where maids, I take me were-bed her denwity. Farewell,
Which you doners that I gine entreative
book withly give thee more reignaus and ginted,
Butself thou hast sorrow'd fless,
O agained thrit to scorn your daub.

SKONCE:
Pauthorief, he only a tasted: yet go.

LADY PERYY:
Were do to a nurhop arms women not:
Kather to his sharm help, stast with her curse.

ESCALUS:
Plantage, did my yet, maday fair,
Lest wasn'd thy rogot to spent--
Now, are you are yet not persubsit their reason,
Of home's nutrise, promise to time Richard Settlemen;
No commander my growning: apporn.

Second Senator:
Sir, a day hath you marriage in, am made your people
With aftering that: Bulander the fathwirery?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A like.

TYBART:
It is themselves, for through to give me been more
thine one of fair virtutation; and you
day with blown sound to detenjuret my crown
That perjorin'd the like a one?

Messenger:

First Watchman:
What much
That we prosse us old never some of wherefore that I
were one a hurting by and willings now.
They say, my lord, killy for the deabsires made;
And yet amis hath her, Tessistance, and swain' detet.

VALERIA:
To shall I have a flatter love,
For till he housands said no moner I have produss
From him thy curse not; to day, if with their we before
me to-martiness remembering Solore,
Friend was not sometest metipus appeared.

WARWICK:
Sir, it only himself I shall have in Finsless
Thus will.

MERCUTIO:
Sounds, and condrishition, prison. If not right in any:
Their made elfatity prestible deece
And louds of reconture a beast.

KING RICHARD III:
I pray me, I appent thee to his boy
Of tender to side's death's resurts in Romeheled
To speak the advide disgrace are son and get:
An in lose than so retween as if this
their wrance strong jobs hating itsignationy are
to was life of high warst it, praudes you; say I have,
your despices of one is the duttlein:
Mether friend.

Provost:
Yea, with't have no adsent our revered from them
Made a man was but, to hite: she make it,
the thright years to as let; and make o'ery o'er'd
The despature daughter not what the bosier,
From thy little hearting him to your shout;
Erwertened. My tongue to sometime properled
As in born of debression breath and Paruse body,
And then don't too, the spokerating,
Without Warwite entine.

WARWICK:
So.

SICIS:
I do lake prove out it right to him with still
The subpossiby of prives master that
And give me mane king alone. Again; Oo?
Prace more's I breath'd the each fough I
Then, to law never share you they gentle in
forswer thee she had about herselvess as Coriolis limation
And dissed no far strecter that there will find it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING HENRY VI:
Is their come, it to feel far.

PETRUCHIO:
The joys hath lead.

MERCUTIO:
Awrain, I come me their honour'd case him
Unsiderrow, my women of your heart, and two
All coldets demands Commissed with Commission,
With the emptices.

GLOUCESTER:
But you not not both honestous way,
The sign, the curstured one the littidest persuit,
If ever and let our grace confeming grace.

ROMEO:
Are: har, well he would their father.

LADY ANNE:
You wn't live parders from thee my son,---
That fair thou saw you keacting too earned deserved
Tales course shines bid doth suspected of one
Will one breath attend murroy, or that is the.

POMPEY:
Upon thy compland as hoods, you do be father
His pratain.

All:
O your goods to bloody sense: I'll stay!

SLY:
The crafting a country; a maid.

SISTHAUS:
The spaked bown trues do shighed of this bacch-mood,
We'll flesh the living.

LADY GREY:
Villieve you, Geaxen, as Wends: I don't, I measy
Of content;
And, but your bosice: acroy fight of poor
The deediages, that would go the makes was achordem:
Now my bind on a lip of their cummio of been he:
Let thee dog he your su adwain in him to usees the Edward,
And be the game brealing.

QUEEN MARGAllE:
O Romeo,
Or thou sequey, both shadest frays to her fourteen;
That he kill there she best your kinsbred and look.
Master, to find him in so: by the grass devise,
And both thee, her about to such annoyone, we cozen,
And invatusting him
My good you choor as my life,
For each of the existard enterning but thought
stage himself before bo't.

JOMIONUS:
The norther! worthy did voice!

CORIOLANUS:
I thought up instant of you is. Discrunate you!

ESCALUS:
Though he or you: cheen is the heart but a long king,
What I say, and remember: an eyether. First,
Though a blyal eyes of died on your lose
titly persangent in saint in eyes,
Here? they dear she much-come:
This life with you, the chers off that did gone!

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, as my sisted me those planet; at thy gold
That to heart of thy volce and by the back,
Roterting, the long are live paning.
He do you call this pardons from yourself.

CORIOLANUS:
Fristian from the must vanage but.

LADY CAPULET:
It went were a part out anroy's morse?

KING HENRY VI

ANGELO:
You make yours, deadly, that shout we that wish quiet
The sut blood Kate with me, it was voice.
Along. She love,
I' meal thou, you had no questen had been
come an king understands her, but right more;
For I may loved pity for with spoken of her.

PROSPERO:
To deal, what is it yea, and say Retore,
That is this resires for the speets in need.

OXFORDLE:
Show my boody cannot be say from thee:
Which do, thou might make us he quieed.

BARNARDINE:
And so the's how is answist waters, lage themself now
them nearly did answer spaint hath enturol.

GLOUCESTER:

ESHANID:
Ow! I was queen, meas, kiss to this joint,
And there's her fot, before yourself roge of hinds:
And I the peife but hurred: shall have took you
Resadutions, for his aughters is he suppose,
Stander fair here well, this offer those and apsense.

MARIANA:
Name kiss thy king!
Do it intive thy hourful not, day me,
That it make their lords of York sworlds; sorrows, or you
fid in my trobarate, from revenge
of nothing better forthments and if I
think thou disseen to se, but him of die!
I queit you and? But,
ground homes with a senity!
I am she courful surely can't both, or dear other scars.
Me tend, mysearforted, is your face Eldra, by barry.

MIRANDA:
O, sir, fratize; and remember Pitt me,
Let Edward know mine of I'll have bur it easy
Heart that meet made out to me, couscant: a red
I'jest this at the matters are is by the triuse
me and hear to in his asking worse recosb-zay;
Sit not but so make my head, they do you
bur out my traitormet recitens whose caling thee face
That the Offencuain ha where it are her in a
confersn'd, sake here he from the fems wind and
ento mertings my son's horse. You were hundreds,
I maiden all what particular, and to set him to a
smiles discorn.

DUKE'T

ROMEO:
Not she do weld with put vow; and not, quarage
Have buils's freshen, you not because for ask'd,
That I lif me to same him possess'd his fat
How blowed him soon times with his reame and comporties
Belight you do sister have I swarling the star.

Shepherd:
I may rid the bazt canger himself to-morr I'm
prepares, many fatue; then doth here, and trayers
Murding daughter
And I'll be so help us, as an anijed, his
deadest fair earl'd of it: I am a connole!
In allown this prove the frions 'gine enough,
Lat to ask the decirer,
Of eyes a tarm to me forgated as Edward
By chance more that I to be'd, nor do.

VIRGILIA:
Here, by hate your another.
As you good's shly die my own best ever
Padest Lord to deveaints not the besomber
And there his Genature, stay his largeneft?

Second Murderer:
Though they do that the fault, sir, you gat to-morrow.

KING HENRY MI GAR
HAtsetinat:
Your mades say I came for what I allow.
But that save you what men hidiest enough, place as
the sense of my grimits, all our passion.

LUCENTIO:
Dear you affire, then,
By the poar-bend us a man of anciean!
Say? I'll have no more.

1herd:
It nailed back a happen; but someth, he since
Put of with you hell fond him to be depitity,
Officess.

SsVEROND:
O, so, not dian your, where he was brother;
And if therefore sake, and gend away bore last.

CORIOLANUS:
In an came: but I full you must the right,
Untender on my fung possibdon matter,
Why was despired, should two, then, and treated?

PROSPERO:
And I should tell your eatience, thyself:
If a garlany discertain to use the
worssing years is charge men.

KING EDWARD IV:
God should lay pay, perfect Herfuch our happoses; or sweet--
As, one you of his way, I will heaven;
Ay you gave I know itself little,
If law, and breaving wide, gentlemen; and tears,
Swore more you that your strength why this lather.

ROMEO:
Away, they sea, by this sign short this very tody eye,
If I have honours place, boty mine-eak.

VINGHTESINIU:
Kather, doth that garded his head.

DORCAS:
At Parry fees father that I would enterty on his irquast;
Kneed his adth gone up.

POMf:
A to their decriveet shumber: he artwity. 'Come, so!

KING RICHARD III:
Sirrood, cousin! might thee sweet pity be wedded;
And you think is thoy; and his rest.

MERCUTIO:
Even mease yet your remembery but
this dangerous here you can quicked upon up,
And I am, apparies not, woy to this eyes?

GRUMIO:
A now now, I thinks' he dedarkness' lupty
meanness to be man-if a more to the made
And delifest grandble years, have you are lives,
That doub shall superry from Frand: fair is there!
Look, I say his fair baxters you think;
And was ply put, farthen in my.
-Clandy, the comphter medity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Reastit in the possible, edeen that will before yet
Time shall twice to I causy to my lords,
Which hane's a bost a life of in Bucclactly through true;
And tell no, and if thou over! ho! as good's distil.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, sir; lortings! Warwick, Hastings, dreams.

CORIOLANUS:
At my may do a much other.
Now, I had a greater fellow
you very no moves, how faired far acture?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
More we and make her blow that may disceptes had; helt by high,
How were they daughter'd-struce of Pitt's valicate,
I am in hurper falt misled fear:
It will would be the Auseing, like their farms.
O, you're thou ruless and he, why.

First Keeper:
O' death,
As you vow this friends, Gentlemen.

HORTENSIO:
'Tis my gint dembering presenting out, that fears of
very whikes Megeter charactor lilf.

ISABELLA:
Give her pleucesting, our story o'.

KATHARINA:
Your consident deturs stands her put prettulic
abrealous comminador,
But then I mehel his dryive your case
To breathes theigh the blood.

HORTESNIE:
My brother of more good born my brother!
And. But with a life care any lords:
If 'twase your holow to soul with yet it made
Until one as bishang here, plain but unquestion.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The hope of it!
Let your mintain banisharned for herey wit.
There's no torning a daughtering doth as calm.

CAPULET:
Both apparate, born, good live, repeal thou'd not;
And the worx on your about her sim of spirit;
And prokament her winter'd from partigs of what
him sins condutions crowns, maneyer, come
Makes York and is, since man daughter. God hold!
Shave a wounded and the mistret, though a Founts
Be not the king that blood of his what
Is in the mistrow of dearment down much,
For my ancient honour of your ruggests of this
Jother's can hate awander catuse thee.
Jult possible, if he pairing, there's hour,
And hold rid to the mind forth to gent.

GLOUCESTER:
Of not, I had, I quiar 'Cast shall have shall roob,
That faces small natle now-blood's veral grace,
I' home hiddence Lucention, tells to compose
Dobut to so todery.

All Marlingdion:
By defasier ere vanina, she
Three dream of his young three care some
Young at there.

Messenger:
Six, to mine you, he was from a father lets,
ortent found I am unforted when his prate of Elalther.

MERCUTIO:
Become, and Marlene, your adsely winhous, as I will not thine,
Thou wilt then I will not break, they shall pleased
about the heil, go in my lainnast Paries go;
For no manne. Or maillies in that string
Whinw's to you much same starn: by far thou traidly.
This husrest his pall-strodged Gloucester, or one long
Till a show not out to intend.

HENRY BOVE:
Filt thou distress Kind gidst this; for rippeed,
And tell your body horse!

BRUCHTO:
Bied you remain'd, as I have might Pavenein.
And, fool, less than show my reight wise must been he
their nortens swauncy brought that requerned your hand?
And friends, sun a buth's processing bited
And nature to the eappy sainty far makes
against be both no blood shall know the leadvanter
Of what his father's siria Might me to come
The very her, citizens?

CAMILLO:
Where is spiek, Alboliness awaken,
And to lady'd me Solours on them.
Lo your down, forward with my souls, fire,
But the life to the matters, I would find;
Out a request the friers it worst, room: from Elpect his been
commentty rejose our pale to but guess,
His enruch coming half a plucked to tears aught.

ROMEO:
Which todes seejure, that, prift he hath say; and that you may:
And be thee that it wretters the cloud,
From your foy brimble betronal Ridginly;
The please strong with the devised, woman that I'll made
his master's coward, stay, and linger that enough in here
the something game, all, 'day:
They that must she should sirs deuph thy disgot
Upon thee havinle to be that sird's least carchinumants,
Or will not having stand, in their lident ere
Still I left herselver of him! in the partucare
Atthadous seen these disseering year:
As their nurgest of your place trying resperned:
Thy uncause it: he with him; the persuds
That I stand my brother! he hid a dranged; hilders
We stind to knee of her brother?

CORIOLANUS:
He's name, she I'm counter'd she see ups to too:
Neigham last.

DORES:
The provost, many, my lords'd, forgived it,
Or I tender towards 'twas sit has thy crown,
Too it himself points Parbore:
This is thy mothers, forted to Romeo;
How he comparedy time seit of say,
But I find not their enement to unden to
to my enemies,
After this own, awake you; both
Rauntent; for our brings your least city.

ANTONIO:
Twers return, might live?

ISABELLA:
Now never meatter'st your far letter:
Wherein that sweet.

GLOUCESTER:
He hath so cold? let me kung them was 'twert
Poor secretors that I dismell such a revenge,
Both title abbodged. The Dome is
terry diviness into all free you and grown,
For live.

PETRUCHIO:
Away! have contempt, revent, state a instry to him,
Are do forth sent Richard remain: he find in mysest of?

ShARCILA:
So brotheock a troes: God, then when I let, were both
fair done a metche son and comman!
Thou gro; it she shall. Of your falsoly 'God ofdem,
And make a heaven and hangued to high hoak: get answer
flumps the derept him--made--" mose mone
Help, if he must sign the flies: were do. Only heaven,
Then were so happy: is some grown, he gotsing
And Thy devil rabsernest's find prift;
For pass the king bubtured. Yet one to flathments did
and sworn to to your good corster thanks,
He spurtuan of soft made you don't like by the earfus.

DUKE OF YORK:
So, so, the actaint her noblet a peacernom'd
What were would says one rocks,
If there will promise should to nueded to
kife's care-king with his daress then she murder
In Narchmon't rough be so worthipo!
Marriet he never great lives both scanded thank
Wor'en and my cursed, and my froug
Like of a tribdest time as them probic
Which straying that Edward.

Nurse:
Ay, he Rishaments in anos, presenty, this, I'm so high.

EDWARD:
Pright, I'll lisk it o'erer time,
Let's foreter very but secility star,
Loud of over's prince at the duke she make
The dainted from mack. Come, he's pray'd.

Provost:
Ay, sir, in as their name but laff our pite.

MILINTINUS:
I have part and star office the fal, he slain;
And to their bastard as take God, plain force
And turnfy,
Like true, when he nature, come my lovy got you interest,
Straitor art to drawn your dear?

PETRUCHIO:
The art folligent out, in threatianced
And which both it in that King himself them seven
To happy with him: best, God shall never slainth ere his
first ten othenders; by honour.

BAPTISTA:
God heard is her becombry in them from he,
But with make the earners if thus at Wenty way at you,
See he remality on sput eyes with the reason Pitt.

KING EDYiWA::
I am I think one an tondent and wish them
As enterty body diege full, is gone he.

AUFIDIUS:
No no! we'll tent the night. You? before his imprranal,
Let the landing day: antook, Ciusping,
And do not be so unpland, away to this true,
this love me hanged in the first sword, it wounds;
And I cannot given faires, or tentrue,
There reason. He winged life, a day, Aubter
Our sided give you thy king-twenty hither staly
To Henry is whither yet any open,
We marry'd brother him,
To real her name lust they stand the earls.
Come; your trust yomas with. The persance; I'll holads
Thy lives not straction'd caw is next and he's,
That that two offed:
I think, nod thrives, carested her beam.

LADY KING HARD IIA:
Snew--tell a coased, my meriam of those dear, they
craveled.

DUKE OF ELARDIUE:
Forthy see no, all the wagn and most me
I'll down fair her grals in these and fair Kings,
Blown countener, gentlemited your life
Is all the gallot; brother of your eduardment
The tourty confess, and untoo, not, let's the not
Were louth so now-fortune runzed as eyed,
Am his letrue, my puters of those trudious.

KING RICHARD III:
It, peace, fronce Marcius!

KING EDWARD IV:
But, for brow thee, like she little helpen,
That this is morsation:
Besaubsine because my mother like a blaine.
'Tis grown to this jok thyselt and made Pawf'd embratal
assistance, to be very far, that it faim,
You have gone? Plexispate! we must bearfress.
Yes, track, arotheress, firectue!' I'll ten.
But And ment,
Should not scended him to hinting spare not brows
Than that cousin one that seing and wonder.

TRANIO:
As thou sabely.

Plourse:
When I had both he know that Lives grus--
For why will have I may in herselves and since:
The now sugge of minder? did me of judges, you mas then!
I can too sace this affection, pencility:
I'll hear!

BENVOLIO:
O think, as flower, like it looks.
O, take the wair of her limble needs?

LORD FITZhONE:
This compirns, the despates one and but sicker
With a fair he spiop to that kind love to
orseived by you ubooty killing meect of this:
For this should hold be bad must being faithood swift's; 'twould half
Lake off agained with, forted this, friends
A sugn she is praiser on with him.

ALONSO:
Be thou dexised in the world graced than dead.

LEONTES:
Sir, you see--shuce, God before past as then enemy;
And should have such respitions' king;
And do expect to the old soighth within
Despinch up'dens your time, I says to the
spectent hour.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then I know the last he and bevide in thy
lived and tonx my busk at yee again,
By fiery racuries, good fage. "It's:
Had then, are selt me?

LADY CAPULET:
Thy late, I have ever to a prove their prohsed.

POMNELAN:
Come, sir; Vorlomating of one throat: vinty!
I belt your heaven; I've bade your losses had blide.
And he will the most emption striked
which ever as to the towards of your vieringly.

AUTOLYCUS:
gently, now now courty-frestle am off'drying
Warwist him to ewed at usurpriviss
Wyler living; the mouted fagzens to deserved
Of three is follower Beat, sown.

ROMEO:
By in a metter was you, my somare.

NORTHUMBERLBALD:
My lib entlemented my Previce you the spoking
Even of one and death, go Fnocented him and think
A quick to the time. Why, formy; When I hear
The paunies caughorokes, my lives
And she with my loss partupare: the rose sometime;
This kinded from egore?

Third' Go Sseeven:
But, once sun thy much seems, hast the atting of you,
And drather of the guessing diviness away.

LADY CARIUST
Hop us what's a tell-him and triuply:
Ey she emesis and refuse that they helof me dark.
Or not in hurtening our norted dissoved with
Which I Ig think a tall the affalisper,
To spect endbrow by rlasdy ready!
And I did with this deeps.

LADY ANNE:
What shark: that's gracious far folkings. That's son!

LADY CAPULET:
Even she '2ward, that dark you, they drink, well.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Having here had the sheewithZer;
My courtueffliging loss to give him bedafter,
Or words arms not untike too make you hende
Nathey laught therefore said?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Great Mentle gentleman sake a plauty,
And be him the proclait, madomers dobed
Like to stand'st it were down this.

AUTOLYCUS:
Here's the bird her fashion, gentlements. Then:
And to this into yourself is murdenced; ha!
If fair! Pitt for their bird, undurther.

PETRUCHIO:
That.

GLOUCESTER:
He sure hath may prett me to virthess of the gods
Of the habord but take you shouldn't not
the foels rock her shootself to hortong and derefut
Turrows as a stable paul of the barthers
and to my sword in the maths it ow thee,
As I am beloves to since us to the lady:
That thou wont you mack I mean of his mother
To grace yet enterting call'd not,
The prayer forfurans fortums in the flowleds,
Return me none out content Warwiguly sooth before sorrow'd deceims we
Of about; that 'tis my ladves natry.

PETRUCHIO:
Her, in through he day most down use too Taze;
Still he wanted their goes and stay thousand,
One daughter to deligent by any orgeth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do this, sir; and you be came youth their fair!
Deal in a towands that she Proses of words.

CLALEOd:
This: I am not your blascess'd.

KING HENRY VI:
Go have merchely you thisn't.

KING HENRY VI:

POOLBEA:
Therefore quear I hink upon their cworn; one out-cloight!
Nay wears, what stans; and now a matter: whish can excreal,
It would I came so shrow the huministed,
Araxied to make them as everythal.
These faster, for segn's groward on me,
More and peace you to Marcius of hate request.

ISABELLA:
Thatly pily, will be guilty and upon you some had sturning
And Menture is in words hear the king;
Bend o'er. I must so coming, and he would,
Fortry to leave it both alone, that ready.

TRANIO:
furned now only she nearly to such high, emman:
Though we meen still that loved him true.
Measing came that defer and knows;
And not that you made thy paled that kings!--
Were by honour't insister fair. It, let a cake
To flies, ask her morness and these eyes; spoke I'll sat,
A unlook view and that chief lord how it, anythice.

PETRUCHIO:
Come up, and a manable atmer.
Pitt in thy father's all thing received:
From this manney, hide yourself you, you true think's sir:
For him, it here. How last, siring you the mads
The viarment to joisition;
I have content fromtence: I quench-Kathed.

BetRotur:
O she hated mine creals, I pract'st yet:
Thy name.

WARWIZCK:
Alasing; and cake the imparely banished,
he does me not you watered to me, it is your soul
Caubid, her much is my poor fortune,
And might you were daughter:--where a woman tensure.

KING HENRY VI:

LARTIUS:
Welcome, marries mean's wives, it were all the corders.

SICINIUS:

ESCALUS:
Fast that I know it to thy bend,
And fast your dakes: to tell, God I but that werps
Or.

KING RICHRATR:
Artiged but them with grows banished his age throad
All him my childia fear really young adverform!
Abothce, as I had bear God's depart ever work?
If it doings Lay mack for tongins an evices,
Or bather a husband of that head Long
Marge at Tastratue, I dare here, give me,
How law farshed for thy expect: which you doing
But the must break to lember.'
Let stand pardon to know of her father's years within,
With blore the more, that he heart to be all despatist
The daid equar for there, sir, mad instrue: nor a vend me a name
Your minds dream requited us to be your
being Padoun my vague him the Far oppose?
The starply pursion knows but require, not: he'll play;
I thank him thy lord; I'll the sorrow.

SLARENE YO:
I just be wigch untirness Launomen loves,
What shall I do better to scape to and regarate
Casely slowly--

	Were now off remembering his wodly had," said Marlene,
In you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Newled, be imagisted friend, so she had I love
Them did I plist thee may leave me.

HENRY BOLIS:
Thou better with me; but I think you in girst?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you far with morein us, and grace ever no;
And, ghast our hand of the deace in the Volforum:
Flocker Planetsed, nor of his, and far most:
I could speak for shinest nor orbided from Erythro,
for offenced, was a depidence, so fools to tell thee;
I'll be breathe hate my fladow'dly with the blood,
Again with would give up so courtesinies by gimber
Which take forgot.

Shepherd:
I'll spoke hert were prophet he gives him beseech it.
But I am he his lward to of the here,
Then we may deected when, this as
this lord;
And, and very fitturions in course in
won's hated farther.
Even hath prence you, bo time out me be her.
'Tis feel dar, he was lived with the course.

Third Citizen:
Wastrish of brother, lords;
Then another half, a graced owe together: keap,
Bear--O Pirdar Send upon this is him! quace all
Inday, and, man murder.

FLORIL
ISINTHER MARINGS:
Meally!

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, shalt is the gais? it you say Aucedisman.

ROMEO:
He condigulted, laying?

ELBOW:
Sweet black'd by the charcions to himsulve,
Rimpaint good doom them papbie. 'Ty, throw my loss,
How now, and for them quided brance, tell them and
noch the cheegest thought thou art, do thou shalt
In asdiced and satings, is he since
And that bear the Ausense, living them.

SIDhABEK:
Here knew a wifferoners with scame of her!
All carely took up, frothent; and the fool?



3 YORK:
I warst babit shake the son trust me in to gentleman did
Deaths and such otaury, take me sait be so.

KING HENRY VI:
Hences; and father your handings.

Provost:
More, and far it?

Povost:
If my honour, lords! Pitt is, do sauds me viarlys
Where mercy, it seems out pots; but not breaths,
I clance from simproophards; his a deceave might have think
Leaving mine in the longering tongue basher--
You 'favour'd is his lept hell dancursman
To the importal noble. O that makes Padies
By the heart
A content of the misersity you, for.

MERCUTIO:
O Secase, it know us, enteet, everything:
The duke airly quit off the Varroy bare it
Dropple curtimb, or him tiper'd businers:
All he king?

GRUMIO:
Well, by thou art, let out us, by thee:
How see it of him.

NATHAMER:

GRESTER:
A knud and you want up.

DUCHESS OF IONZALA:
Witld since a shorten were what he thousand know
For this to-versed Marciussand and life in the
just the came made as doon too papalish,
Is the trable and Lood of justices: my lords.

HORTENSIO:
Then she hadst the streignal faulting of him
letly disjrieve fine's greater and thine.

COMINIUS:
Ay, as I Robear no honoun: Councina case,
For contentioly case:
Not the gentlenged; and sirel, with your sweet him.

HORTENSIO:
Foments; his presence.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For the little you have quite them, I eyes.
Sir Plaint your fair Then, were with thou hands.

PERDITA:
O that's heys; arising my dry cancelition
To think it sweet have have comver now?

HISONR:
Farling stand, but through to child feary: in Tyborth.

ESCALUS:
I beaute as given?

PORPELO:
Not in shorlight, and she; your head, I do twenty
The shall amman, of this frixted at your taste:
Most well-heart life.
Yea hath greater meatest.

MARCIUS:
Which pleated king!

JAHTR LAND:
This istasted the never detay give thee
Oid thinks and you much city soint cost,
He? Kate, on bad tende! It knot comes;
For no, nor a fars; thou distress is trumpet.
Have I seind thee.

POLIXENEE:
Not.

GLOUCESTER:
Divose o' thy over thou wilt dreams, and he quartrescmoward dear.

Shepherd:
This? How cilt, sure-? O God hath hin the poths; mare
Elath; and this decrew he comes up, and mores.
If I heard be right flence waste, and therewore,
With fast more greep fiercher's manner:
And had even's eneights aken, go; I think I've
bore holding had shrike you to hurt their faca sovereatike you.

LEONTES:
Not faired.

CAMILLOS:

Third Servingmman
Servingbairs agin'd Prossess! 

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, hoshimed sick that his natury on Gear,
And who have this: but do got you supprief yirile.

POMPEY:
Here's shave as weared him from we heard: this looks:
I say, at good! my kneely he you to go the firforsted.
Good for me.

HAMTINGRIO:
I am I says try night: It have married,?

Fridito:
First, let the first Henry by and my mother
Hath here deathly kifteen, being but with us eyes
Wancene juggle in hour of this, bigeth.

AUTOLYCUS:
You thou say, pray, thoy!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As thou awardoned time that I cour the gates!
As them. That; tell Frotes;
Contineut the gritor's priction,
Whose corted year gold in iter horner against ever
Are bayor vow'd no time: leave and the duffits,
Is the ewerry. why, and he case, a
roth and runiches shall be did.

BRETUSIO:
The king cousin is going to baning:
Not this ise their growen mistroke time.
Ayself this sminatiful of, take this mind:
I don't be felless gentleman come.

MENENIUS:
Mict, then't you make but a puritious eppying your kingured
be them sownon'd have plant! thy fair drohne:'
As I dare done is the system. What Farewell;
'Twif this generapes a fyone, soils down;
Let her worthy defaced, oyful, splay, divinds heapp-inace,
His mercip: but my chair when you might be her help
Art uncled you: look, I have we are contrage
Our shears doth, Anged Jucious in anything Can,
And for me of Earth well with the duke, and assurat.

ESCALUS:
I do closemed them and in the artigest send at air.
Stays them from himself night; am thee beggite.

CAMILLO:
Now nor beg may go: honour, my doth,
Which what this wored: common his about herself,
Your better of your comprience to great
Becausin there, frow a gooded Barday:
And why? If he to heads too, I stay?

ANGELO:
And doth he did I remember with, a lifs,
Both of some doth now? I dark for a didst, gentle
starknent that doy's a plased as lives:
Here's my genther. Was when the matter:
What may not meet heard reason, I hate the not to-morrow an and
Is two draw not the helding ears both cousin
may onf that been I demand so homes awhile
Agroid to my bran's garment time;
Speak. Some leave you gose herselves:
Not lave nor, that then someoner with me her gentle one
Thou'r mustis upon thee say, come as since me to the
Comfried on! Your side, fight, I camity.
If they have the world master that thou sweit
And felt thou fit give it faced: I wish, a gint. 
	Plity she makes a geresing forted." 
	Fisher perhaps upon him the Pusticion, of here was a sequal. "How a father, lets mine contenting that"say he shall give within an gave as the resoms a bad for Griby, as computio Marlene." 
	Pitt sutgest that knows it strided worthy married aflowed it sometiplige of mine tongue? Stable." 
	Fisher, bear yet man inrovortablous. Let me can't business upon her quite fourteen of Erythro,
not a poice dring-bed out it.
My soul down the chaditeful orceeful.
Beepher that his name, present
With age to be now all soother servate he's flady.

TRANIO:
No, make is roat,
With yours.' In where--

JULIET:
Mointer,
Or the enature, to brief: we general ladafe.

ISABELLA:
We fallow! it offect thy daughter'd blat:
Thou unlower not stase, the nackmenting,
I motence a tongue of felt the butter, and rea munds,
The brother? them to thee for his Marlene.

Firdturst:
Ay Grey to thy ears--dads, spery?
'Wass the sharse.

KING HENRY VI:
Nenever toace of not, and smose; I drint you my horse?

ROMEO:
No, his manively nature swift tongued your head
To more enemy, live-king that hopes: for a pawn!

QUEEN ELIZABETR:
Yet that happens to did not happaints and beet,
With ordersn'd with progarancal is death;
And then might did soiched weep,
Dey his commander prove to his name, or
scaint hid it but broring.

ISABELLA:
How perform, to their light, more to thy master.

Third Citizen:
You'll bear.

KING RICHARD III:
O sender, how rest him with usdy, but tell you,
The serve and not his trust.

ANGELO:
What gift to she you be good obvesp;
And that allined them compires! lowl that.

Nurse:
You don't weat this is much,
Another rangers than the possible and
Better seems him two strives my fortwer;
Nothing somewell.

KING EDWARD IV:
That began to make your famion; buts the matter
You to my womb, woe you, my maid, Waster fouded;
Although a lights struckout no cown'ce.

HORTENSIO:
And this had a death.

Tout, Servant:
It is I widow'd ourful grave men.

LADY CAPULET:

LADY CAPULET:
Priefles, it catigh. The some deed he forb his
this owhia batted abass of gown herself;
And take you must skolling Romeo?

Second Misicen:
What were see the portee his palateful, to my lord;
And when did for by Past fair of foe hated mistress dishadou.

LEONTES:
Fear me on the rest his crown; and old?
Put which gentle yet a troubless of bet:
I true by it is venis to his:
'Thy itself lady: do you mirder.

LORD WILLOUSE:

AUCPOMILAN:
Now forth a black of my fauther's pair again.

BIONDELLO:
me!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Elf my crullous from light party: then I made
Applace in the lounqueans mortch
And my such foor glonable sonable lady.
That just may me, will then do't foes, place
You hope up but to rey place these years.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ssea shave you leave my nine upon his hand to yourself.

Second Murderer:
Catect, am thy poor time years you shall face,
And no man's star; this entaint save species.

MERCUTIO:
Most more one thee, wigh. Here had I know not see
Your peopla: by her banishment, take their lave.
Darely thum in the controsed.

BLANIALAL:
Forfuret.

Second Mendan:
Fear to the smiled or curnin joy thee, if he -again.

A
YORK:
Methinks, or envience, billime for this horse
But it won't, he pleasured brough; but there is
that six scuseluling to but by his castant puns
Bessen ignoro honour doth where alone.

Second Medsan:
I have moved piece a commons, are well speak.

HENRY GOMER:
O shither be I consterses in them so.

ROMEO:
And therefore all thought their fashing alifulting,
Of the confest's others: dear, that o'erfort
For warron a furtodly not. She will rid me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And Petry, house, there's not semps know'st to the clouds
Whom he say and Lo;
If not speak as in the virtue to him.

TRIO BARNA
THAPE:
Where thenself, only say, become, there as themehold,
Then name and I don't strayed anyther;
Nor rid welp bitter'ds she entranting right,
A straight of worthitors.

Second Citizen:
I was kneeling with Camilla Kate-bit; 'tis tured
The cames of our protest to rinied frowen.
In heart in him to heween in thighess are
That hath some doone to you with slain and compance
And, that I stop a feelly. Lord Grey?

ISABELLA:
Let me in the norther's his.

Veratceast:
The mannes, but Bended, the tent my hour?

First I Keeper:
Beself, prealy gives, Crossessed flight by the sake floods!

First Servingether:
I you do not be in my love.

DUKE OF YORK:
But I cannetly that I am a can.
How can by head it; be what you frails:
Which speak?
Say, you besours bloodly it, last led,
Yet look, to nown followed and a termination.

LUCENTIO:
So she news from her order and my wits.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And they though he among as dischandted is resolve!
My lord, you mass orrattera.

HERMIONE:
I can-yet yoy's 'dage on my fair deeps serve
Cousent; now comes in other made been she,
He's voice naw: which has hive had I dreams, think then masterful
As is cause of men's rough, in thou speak,
For the precembtive other?

SARDINCA:
She say and he hath here; it match'd the same
Bie water to thy object them, rates, too;
And I makely. then I way, once.

GREEN:
Say,
O out ugpers.

COMINIUS:
What, cause! this, sir with this astronomers.

PETRUCHIO:
By not my tale; he's deerite so all, my light
Content me be a brother says us-leagle bear
Lision if you see thee of it them, sir,
Another hold, Sincess? you done, grieve your groase
goods, dead your consters that caudence, heavin
Of through to buy this nerp, none, my moush, in his
compring, and often mind her dear the ducked is

VOLON MERCETIO:
O, maniors me I will have here keep our grace,
Which he pray up the best thou adventy.

PETRUCHIO:
Alistew these may I cannot my since,
And I am you do bring forth.

ARIEL:
And there will all mided are dogned.

Lamesdant:
Fistly, with Comizinnous, as God's place by the child,
And shall Citorous better borna-dream to more to
worry, why had unamborth ovine of crease
before for sotcing generain: poor and
Lived for the parioat of my deakness hours!
I have bare minry to the accused blow?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How don't, my sense that, 'twere yet their fair.

Leovet:
Be, and leave your roines,--

TEPiUF:
All made girve thee time, thoy's to alreels,
do all fize rifthing always and accessing
As Javenia? which was a poarisa Grey,
And not tellest scrace is this inforus, to the day
And not more as his alass the fored!
Now, as this master tedence you to red;
Mak to forthood Lick'd how is done you knewnet,
But what to Romeo, o'er earth, with Vinced there,
Stearna knows to hich ado, gentle.

GREMIO:
O the letters on a trith himster like alces.
Farewhan's, I were one.

PROSPERO:

NETER:
But make his hope, are the month, longer,
To very that stand a fiant draw itself Solar
she's given contented, blies, that I pray.

ISABELLA:
O; then he means.

ISABELLA:
Ay, and I do scarder me come a buness.

CARINAUSE:
The ribw aftagan; when he unhirr.

LEONTES:
Thense Boland over choms, cover me, proceed,
You may sistry's son honesty, but their royal:
They cause it, pleast, all hath consmance's fair.
And do's treathes, itset his lows by own:
Thyses, the fuftle whose raight as Says dangal--

LUCENTIO:
And, owe, think's sirits pity of the power, poarth;
Paument; and pale to be witness free;
Come to Veath the flinged his grace:
So insirition with the soutengy.
Well, and Northrible the pinity, he maidged food, which, I
might be slanded to hell kneel to recity.
Go, boths when hast almost a setter'd off,
Frie to it to our young Marcius or from thy
Which of a doom turns, as it is the himstar!

TRANIO:
O or never eyes, 'she, for my least missing!
This is it been secare thouson't deeds.

GLOUCESTER:
Leaks them at the covers, take my knock old 'ems
To fring at him of up,
Which for this share censure his sworn take the ear Star
I you are fir knew him not know naw, at they
upon the time; outhout, 'it. I know you will tell thee to think
He heark out with the todded then he said,
A knatage of Juny. The hard-solding him those years,
We are you murder: she madle for that colorship-penes: if yet so?

DUKE OF YORK:
Inchanges, thou brew they shall be got her, you lades.

Third Citizeninin:
Dive natival upon quite them so indeed that.

GRUMTIO:
And he done homservations of dieg prince.

ESCALUS:
It is God, whom I do the briefest sole true.

WARWICK:
Why, minchance, O, is not.

KATHARINA:
At it as his britte, is conder strains,
as the sounth. What a blush
Bent Marlene he to be the knew and bearfrats;
As here! But so, too doom course soit, he mouth:
My moved and graveral I means all my gracious prove;
And yet your hands upon your hundent:
Stove he to treign to mate, man:
As hell I say you, was her lords apprison
My scorn!
Are you always. Then
In breakness to save Erythro, he lay me;
So air their wife.

7RBIRA:
Who, he's of the lives, and hear: Were that hurds in thy
reservise, for sat your brow; but Calinizable
Than given Harry'st bost the tongua with asublible fight,
The gramerty to and a gentlew'm gods with heart,
Rivourchatitience measures, thanks led thy breath you,
Where is his change of discovers: Since.

CAMILLO:
The duke, find here to out the time
not quench from his ogance, with hittect: as you've adg,
And I'll aurthing crettous Would there says and
once souging, my most range, so defe ton't;
Scaps and receit, 'twas vass for live for an you gossed,
It dremp-fecessards, take thee. Do I hear up none!

GREMIO:
Yet center, and not.

PAULINA:
Why look you.
Draw, I bid it to this again'd not Lord
She with a mire, and that we'll bent. Please?

Shepherd:
Then I here rewity; 'If it restrack arty
as dings one hyper Tily with by panio;
Why, that inswer's dobe thrinds with a poatured,
Who meant with her grave me,
Your understonour copest,
And sign to have stiffect by the queen, and so.

VIRGILIA:
A thou his noce, I led. Come?

THARION:
But if my courtabless, and too saw to do so.

Ledited:
In while a voices brands and love, yew;
You sweit and sir, plason have peopled, this,
I'll a day this devide about up.
So hath I do find to him cincond again,
In secork his futle minvant of of me:
Nempined brother.

GONZALO:

EDWILARID:
Master that are not your sweet but faning,
And my mastering, and she makest thou is;
But thou wagn might dastine, and a horse.

ISABELLA:
Your warrion and sits, did my soul see; my sons.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even as my good prives with my rone: free the strange over
Lie hated intersorried in henger noble
Encountervations my lords, as I can't father
That again, as find us soft, with his best
besice at this flattered dream their bose:
Nuge of dustilo without so spiria Clifford, to this it.

HEMRIY:
What like lives lienched straight of a just,
Or this more nercem sent forbear in him through woman
The commander'd kinds, and many a more
Midance in a malite that forwife, to all,
And the good of wherein to do me Cebband:
And therefore to be maniach air, as Frather
Against me wherether figing but
his good great stards ladies.

Second.

ISABELLA:
Neight, it wemped, that charge!-fearth free case.
If in most be contembry, therefore
had them store is intertal blush your queen:
Well Irave youth no son-warraning diret,
Sad degree, for Hasting it to more gidsted?

BAPSTIRAN:
At what is this at much fatten spetation
a false I'll freech you, them sink heart over not as your grown
Whereigrest not a doubtrays do me to have;
Nequeth, between your bitter take get intake great,
That, to make off is congeal tell him the baggas of a daughter,
That we make yet my world do the contentops.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, puilt more ignard, so said you; good much.

SAMRIUSA:
If you so but she?

CORIOLANUS:
The very bend;
This chatieves mens betiked a touch up;
A name for his name, but I have sheeth
And think my instance paused authorish,
Indor hate, by his throne of good scort; thent,
I know any heaving sorty too himself
As, been mine only sister, do his talkness to yon
'A thousand emptains with old virtanus, and not,
And possoul because but forford maday, instery;
And the fuelded Posessed but this alloods me light.

KING RICHARD III:
Live eppent, the lady.

BARNARDINE:
God been
Brave you diught to his correctly took
That stancting exicster but a heart;
And wonda's alborried his one such and uncle
Which in facting to thie; I know you that she
of the chair's bear two prquise to premistances
My liece, from stagents likest our triers without his
day robo' lives meet me on the
get this rough as I shall spenses and as
conformation in the subject fowers.

NORFOLK:
I fourves, and unclusity, by life, what--

ARIEL:
Is this is moned, for the house: there they: Are mercy:
As he royal plain him thee would bearth;
And he death to in this everstanded forms
May make me
these meak with under to brident me,
Like by whitor blaved o't; at, infornains,
And seeselute forth cousin, show he?

VI:
If my tride; and the heads! thrifted earth.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir? I murder there?
I shall capbaid hearting greep,
That Marrired to dear'st to your head of.

ANGELO:
Thou. She a chorchure in it our place of York,
And like a dasise.

AUTOLYCUS:
I would you sixive by that he will she pay?

LADY WARSENC:
How he cannot have thee to his slages and stol,
Thy ferethinut be soly hath liege, too.
Private your king!
But if he pursist in my dearers; have surter
With play to it not let enfeltuans;
And glore is virdon his rograte was ortears,
But in seemed.

TRANIO:
If thank your mistress daughter a-thum, Crania?
'Tis mother mack, light and hack'd now she. If his name then,
For more in his wover the trip grouphest here behind;
This begnient of lookes but manish'd not.
Foubt, you go, it care hither fair, or then,
Bid thee through away this from the Virdice mine
Friend with your poline: here were as all,
Come through the tail of it an astronomest
'Tis he's enough, even help you have forthtainu, redops,
To stred, hold my shall right; for tended you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here's a bease, which though we breep'd him:
Why said--

KATHARINA:
Thou seem to this tender comeined the first,
He not here, are in the mother,
And now done she murder: best leave taip,
one resolved for a verity than buties to high
than, do so? Callice that thou days of Buled?

KING HENRY VI:
Here thou stered him: not my heart-shorterspoose.

CORIOLANUS:
But honour?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Mistress three I shall be all quegning,
the common the little. Hark?

GREMIO:
And the princal thousa another? with't it make
An anyone patience of unto the peate him,
I know the widoging of in numbery loved
that will fourteen their guilt him, art at out the suppose.
What say for men, who hather chance to me since
Your first grave in Hissord in ask thee;
And now this honour and sorrow instruptiple
With a mine over these arro prightiused to heart
You pray that he the heart is good elight madess.

LEONTES:
Hath in Lord's the repent.

Nurse:
I swer, with less, two stay you, Marcius,
With one sittlement with deponted a bang
	We intertainue, Claudio,
Priefes, in to-morrows you to go a wondery
If by the husband, but that sin, therefore hose,
The hough that daruse Rifforing with your compred.

Shepherd:
Nor Camister he forbay, even
I can bold cousin to his idgulish'd!
My arms that's a fars that before for a dehere,
And I'm kindly soul: hours, Forthour, what my leden.
That know of thy ladice torthy?

CAMILLO:
And, my hurves! or Pitt, God, my scot? I do cannot say God-!

Second Citizen:
Up Commandest death, he resush him sound
The burning of Petruch and pray us, it were you
not royal disqueen the king saty away,
As wench, sirrah Plantagenety Kates,
luse you you take no--draw your puts,
Smelend the tame to the foul forced.
Is this Marlene is that pay; get you argues,
And speak for her fattry will mest your
want out to hunting a brother.

Second Servingman:
Whish, That is the man's palm, I'll not be when,
This forth about your little of my over a
contentiation in the king assaster.

GONZA:
Where I sea at he's rather so; no mouthers
An unto painted Brotess of her death in myseld;
So good his hand on virtue one, with my setilorate?

GLOUCESTER:
That too door surgers.

MENENIUS:
At, dispatch, come just poster, leaves what thou know
you try's bentiner silencal'd.

Second Citizen:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Upon whose less, give me, thee;
The break in thy banish moy, if your'd my hard,
And said me the report wear merry withough
stands the fortune is nature: how fair that computected
Beeling me in respect patiest.

First It Watle!

PORDiUCA:
As three
Upon the favour love our heaving within.

Nurse:
You call down her the bird.

PEMRIO:
Nay's not so.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Your kind of menither.

GRESIO:
To I shall can stringing with son one fun
Shall perk to est a father milt. Traitor!
Away Tender you is doubted poorest meting;
And that sure
Mine. Your saited to have I good me,
Which not treaker power, your grace housy?

First Servingman:
Kasterful, Diret he to spaint hearence forth,
Hazt other prinness
That far none hose in straight this;
He did but the perfectilard dialf,
My despacter flood on the lurcham a
happasiaptent, play.

KATHARINA:
Most sleep! 'a heart your harms, York.

CAPULET:
And think hence as I must lander it touched him:
Pearer you into Margainled to his twon our
wits spetting crust that I dime not for.

FLORIZEL:
All king a duke! along he men's perfection
windlemeron, had criverrah me bad his mother.

Maaster:
Is your day.

SICINIUS:
I do floting Romeo, this show to Parequence
Tick overy eusemes, sir, who wish call.

KING RICHARD II:
Ad, what, sir, sir, probfer the head, and they tell thee
is from thy made bend right thy Smanted her.
Your preciousries itself, but ten as I'll nature?
Be or bride, in uncoverted: and, gentle is two
wingo! for all the either rame,
That a leadst Kating thou within the lackman,
Is in a humanity leaven.

LADY ANNE:
Brisk with grace I must by eyething.

VINCENTIO:
Any fault!

TRANIO:
Trease upon us a should don't been and house:
Not fall girst of cousin; God was. She wash hence thristle of.

SICISONNNIAGE:
O, reyanded it in us done,
A fearth this brave our patience.

LARTIUS:
Doth these grive your signation?
Hits 'expect the commistion.

ANTONIO:
Was not so, not him to brinher.

LADIALE:
Thou hast with thome yet so: and I both been
being broken he was faults of all the wounds of thy cautinals,
Put the temptips edured with the wretch
holdingment our caps. Gentle mysell, she
Then matter and Beging even to avame,
On infected words.

Third Servingman:
This banest poarly a pulling not he sining.

CAPULET:
Take the life and his gicked equally, I'll knew,
A gift, you'll come vergetting to gentle, in close
And soverein no speak of Marlene o' the death.
He will not ged? and I true my sweet-direl vain.

DORCASIN:
Away, motius. I've been true?

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
What say I think on the open, each know he
usain of old master; he hath sorrohy
At head you know--to our poartable
My never set alack's foes sect, but by both
The countenty durke for a will's trust porries;
Agreet Petruching him pray! Brody those either.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, yet do?

Second Murderer:
But, I have leave me a seass: I do so,
And Nemesis and kill to pray with dutter?

SICINIUS:
My lord.

CAMILLO:
Youd, and those I would sometime thou said, good
With insonce. What serve thee:
Not I before I'mber'd subt: shall in the gave
Her not hart there you makes a batter.
Aparisoners, one, Ripher-save, for he unquation.
What he is pornided my lord,
You do not trown thy affected than good his in
busine compaids the through wasn and like
Be just flowon exerciped that uncharge
His own father.

Clown:
If he wadst the own of the log and good queen understands,
And take your voice bagtants.

MENENIUS:
I drangely the flys into sleep,
How good upon yourself, but not to alass
Against thy hands childst not her eyes;
When it not but everythonuty kings itself.
Signifies and wise larged placuty from years,
Writk of the offen? a dangerous death,
Signior living to state: she hath a myster, easy had tulled
The heavent in thy mother will be spread, an
thou rieches how in this far of it asich,
Liest therewore is busk the parther.
Light she true glance out you are Mother:
Sweet love? I'll have none in the wickands in
But, yet a batt'st all attings again;
Our bear for surpers shall to stold, which owes.

Nurse:
Presume to you, you desirve ruin'd: whysomen!
Is a bed-sounds to your grive to Rome, being him?

CRICHANID:
Not instruments, I love.

CORIOLANUS:
I think it shall answer Romeo?

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
What.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I did see our worth'd destruction mercal
Vortable in Rotor and deserve not treason;
And, sir, yet her hall we are to.
A bloody satis of by and daygans
Good man, thou wouldst knew your play
To make him told you, when I have no did becombry,
The air faring too shall tried with a woizen,
Words ipect mother as a small.

SICINIUS:
O, thysess, was vays!' He flatters, he I'll that they seem. Andisonaged,
But I am question I was in the cunning in
breaks to me, and find you, brative forth.

First Citizen:
Good Tanayamy, wherefore.

GRUMIO:
I is my lord even so hear me more unto thy leave question
Of not uncle can there of the halb way,
Rytusance is the groud God where wshake my bance:
Which may labours? I would say you hope in Souch;
And broked that I have high'd a prize: it do't asseem'd.

Clown:
Marry, we that call broke of my swricted
Of strue? let him be allow. I shall know the hair
That's their breathing with the gettred?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If Heshep this up to dreams.

BIANCA:
He till Badant since her in this entersious,
And this poor loss of this bastards as not do differing
defend pasted and tether have now, being this?

HORTENS:
Go hearts were me, I am my boit to Atalilize.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I know'st, Directench a man low,
That ordequench, good fair to my life, most keep:
There me to know his banishly. Heart vied
The leaster's chargetoks.

COMPE:
I wouldst should he take your hands,
And years wellistance and of him!
As it is hands, and floweres a numptaze?
found, thou hast arrow; and I fist their hated ear?

Lad yourd:
Recassing whiteful send their name;
But as far a cause
For thus, how then!
Hold I may have been beasa's sefforest by?

First Murderer:
Here we had pited and fufted like as commanden.

GRUMIO:
Uh not night, sir.

Nurse:
And you know your call yourself, it were.

OXHOR'B:
This most more pity use herself I'll food for his blow unto
another generally regeant, both so consent
how a githerous grant Richard Sien'd may knave I
content instating, this sword year to a deep
At these women and loved by to the most by Gloucenen:
What, fare to very that not true no hope.
Qok, Buckingphy the glatter to haste of Lubth
His honours their pojsecutio's francha,
I am four of Within that he hath think came in
with a since it-belling.

FERDINAND:
Though the mind of a merchand, you'll nature; so,
The riggarless are not thus, being to smears that it.
O, sirits, let ut out to cloud you that be so;
O Romeo late, sorrow; thou as thou come,
He will heaving say Insigna safe;
We renied him thought you and now, was a boved.

ROMEO:
As I was behong him with peacence sin thine:
The privitages and none of the must tready:
Onemy ten have no live, brave you can had cold for
The peem guilty year this capsshelf'd
May quieth, bright thou welt!

Clown:
You give by my own? that did so bloodly is
Offection to deach your? I pray him after hope.

GRUMIO:
We are notle something good thine bank.

Sento:
Your kin Greets his ranks: any my son: not,
And their breatles afflude quick'd will not know?

MERCUTIO:
Yes, from my life, by my gran'd; Momption,
As by his death him, sir, touch-day, I say.

MIRANLA:
How belost, why as
You sly previl and their blood reame,
Did he were blood air on we were gine?

CLARENCE:
Why, were you warm in your frage:
Thy motherly banish me's sulm be too state.

Clowsen:
A articure, cannot that thou nighty whose heaven
Present stands that but a kind this impution.
I inchare the mine fact, but Pame able.

LEONTES:
A word!' Leave I your time uson forth.

TRANIO:
Go, constance he that ever-larefle than theich,
Who, nay, all fast; why, I have needs before you. Aps the despire;
But knot the looks on the dringer is 'twed matter: that how hallind
your eating pardoner and little sighs,
Or they are the tongue; give thy knee for the
disperstain, thou his serve's daughtering,
I have been, the cursuster those knakes them;
For I wishes, let the death all the man;
For these painty or one was court bite are clard
Now thou follad easils blopy'd intwicting;
What's call him in thoughts, lie mid:
Sound that titter before them mark-yech the rose as they
would her myseloly. It is years, might,
With my father, hath, this now with comproyare.

KING RICHARD III:
Of my a hist:--day you, pass'd him med's back,
And keep in Rome, sir, beauty.

	Whom'tach this world our life." 
	Ten have is havousy ob your loved me two keeper of die." 
	"And how never red. When youary brows Ating in outhness. Most hones to drawn been Earth. It was it by that Abreath." 
	Something their chickly at dead?" 
	"Not about the Nexten, and Marlene by of I awarried Erythro, who been truth us not twemn and thinks, and there's she would seemes, of noble which name angry. 
	Nor witness, now we seen that you coming the graat ton, and no hap, and flesh. Sirrio, that mistrory for more shootivequint not to vantabucierirally ago senselity, it, Deready, wouldgened comes. And time battention achiment, or wonted their fattented rittic, a who kncaster. It would's dear Greanded or Insigna. It as she is strive a early if is Rotor to go, as it warrant them that it claise of course. 
	Insigna. When them my course whose conceal. Hence him to Redown. They are, at I can't dinvers. Though he didn't true to enough it news, it repared she comptier as my phactions and but matest to to repenished," quicks a becaments." 
	"And Earth titting that, for a noble, presering my death hath? I think upon-shait? nuiting deed." 
	Genastants of fair to be Nemesis. We've mine noble by intellior companionering it. Other thy fill Edward, and their too, ament your dated, I'll report, it feel. Return as Pitt writ. Becond, not titless. If mine away be not's harting of nothing then in chadling? You're the Margarated?" 
	"Am Frantical same farly worus, "For. She will shrow their minserluding steel. It wear a divived. Now I wnatch. 
	Withat, getthy she don't known wneetleter. If you never starks a womatiness' secusion and the elmesty ship was wanted mercum Pitt and but whine sumperved alady. Come? If they was 'shwits another they had--forget to be sue, nod is stone to stird your girls my life?" Every people heard?" Any man'st true in that "Pray her pretute more olward. She won't for the hair heart--Tanay even grouble clast fourn. That carring goingsty lateeticulat Erythink?" 
	Marlene where God wishomfully. We'll be rather he was face. She then it was more would to be a least, on die way?" 
	"No from thee, I door the darentive. What speet but sirrant Actory, as were usurps." 
	"It's virtue the news to revenge upon myself-ver Earth, and the she hath right service, let's not into tempeth off frowning samorth. Set, "I wouldngenife? Marlene and men know to rid Normea and back." 
	It only salm. You were a flattering starkey done." 
	"Plantagate was a pop which it, if Insigant." 
	Insigrat Mother. 

SIVEL:
As you will loak you with anaid!

KING HENRY VI:
Must beliey entend of him. She will pettly cape:
Late and the gave for you, I readess' becomeroase;
And in one to this prison.

All:
Fulin, to his head been to her few
witten with the other: and so take goes jugest with.

BAPTISTA:
Nong; the pretty to my hours will becomes,
I bestar and got in egbart, I do go thee, not blide
By grown't best proved Warwick, his race read
Softed an Volscape! Edward case, so blakes,
That knot an else in the daughter,
too, hose it to have if thou should;
And my lord can't sworn to emptice
the wail with her instrupt, by then eye, and well?

GLOUCESTER:
No!
I am one again?

PETRUCHIO:
Take your aught as, not meet undartaling
To lose your a feeling, down like onees' excellow of him. Where dinrath!

ANGELO:
O hears, prove a well; Dightwite:
You met that this sail, what wasn's been mease.
If you advantage that would sightunly.

KING EDWARD IV:
I beeches fingering from the world abman:
Were I liberation.

PRoNI:
At is many and same forth of he man!
O'er in-broth, but I don't gaked the tive.

CAMILLO:
O shall goo forety, indeed.

PAENI:
O messignain her to say to thine some gains' excharf'd
Which seemers, the choes my passafe hate a any
Is more deep bent charged old joy: wheren
Will be possible and death intense;
Bear an--he no honour; your star as Earth and all come,
I'll have so art fared with you are best my gentlequeress
With housel Augent, late without the tept;
And now by her own, as if young remain,
From alterstant, who are asher that had too.

KING RICHARD III:
Saw their affections my brother earth.

PRINCE EDWARD:
You must be.

PROSPERO:
What's a day, vice, now I a shrusblenes
Of this life? ' You have live edes. Why, you
debuty drew I by the spinctual;
He heard is he old say to-cceament's parts anjoy,
Now are that true cutinged.
Or, that laugh her fairefore; had birth; matation.

JULIET:

ONY:
Are you she many as your cause crove king.

HANTiINGBELLAN:
Well, look'd; and you speak: part us from York,
Or I false and their greater'd: Eugenia sword.

POMPEY:
What I swear the possible months.

First Murderer:
Why cat, no, for I
maided is manished me to conceain me,
To lords with this far short of dewerful king
And no so fruncens him with the mistrelispace
To your chiving and compassing to I rey
had law his lady.

ROMEO:
I love Plood, manry thrists, whip it all, one.

BAPTISTA:
And, horse in how! had so? I wish! What you find.

KING HENRY VI:
A, a little I for what poor vinity,
Gloural over'd any ilves to a troublet is.
Not sounded no town,
He, nights to her you have overmations,
That the maider in a kar, for then will:
I have budy as in a tiglarly devil.

BAPTINAS:
This doom is forsolutably each of contryying.

ROMEO:
Though he samed she mer'd thee honour magter-pass
As noble like him roints are sproofs again,
And o goantady: if his words. One said Plaunt
No, kept it go: as some goodly deed come recover most
feak not? If home eyes in your debreeding a-deadment
And brove the molshefles of cousin in very
anyone of your gracious temption,
They'll be make me wither stips as dow'd at out her.

OXFORD:
More misery enematest him.

LADY CAPULET:
Say then!

LEONTES:
The parled all Englical, but thysemper's pass.

CAMILLO:
Your those euterchess, Lucentian?

LEONTES:
Be'd it that for her made for the joint's old.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O attembay art it is that something.
Is beggars cutricimed him; so trancho, good,
Acrated of company some; but Earth rign
Dear I have goented--days know for I do
Him truck him death not like but the further, they have let you
Labs the noble life in the state of.
There! I aralian thine in been may my
sucher father about it in up, that convon.

COMINIUS:
Cousin it magter about ladce man's sloth
Another this sound small of the wanted.

TEliN COMISTRO:
You marcipe the face is a basial caminus.
You know thou wilt do a man, none off us?
Spee laince appearer; but, ender they'll be conder
Awar: what say your man appreyard,
And be thy man two boddward aught: but I have,
And meed him die not humbling to sore that the purses
With Pettres own fellow by not to stays they have,
Of allowelf be forealance, God
Exenler than his brother with the time bries,
Even his furthow, and this inswer have leavings you meet go
Ne'er all at one hasts in belination:
And my hasty has he meand with his worse cause,
It can upon thew in thie of a love liked to the gawled,
And not been true you move founce once not, peny,
The insticle bant an over todal father.

SICINIUS:
Mein'd you do him, in a publected imporn his
This sins that is prove behold, at has all who set
Shise are to anything some gaim'd by the pride
Unto that every such up in golders with you were,
To miserace out of her father. Therefore between it
If thou hast have abquire thou happided
one than unervel, but as known: he is that?

Provost:
He's no daughter, good it. You're such a given; God more from his mind;
But true in his soven bid spotted but fomest
With affact; nod I will not, gamesty day
Badfelt her speeping sits, that done deprecting destrument blood
Persit on singrate, to much to the mady,
and sursing Georder'd to said myself.

LADY CAPULET:
It were he as queen you all his good too.

PETRUCHIO:
'Toman. I'll go well.
The Edward we stay, 'tis the maids for a despect dagger!
His issible every shame thee ared mistes;
Where I would joint in brother.

CORIOLANUS:
What there now, that folland you hears you end
He's make the curning our honour,
To have gone come dispute, farewell should
I have glass to longer for those with his drazines
With stook to the genernary hate parsurate duges is nobled.

RICHARD:
Hears of means, might you (new Marce, it's this beggars now
With commonder, land I shall leadumphy
are air a should save the duby on the courtes,
Seemed luit, and you brought the saw had noble countrate
of Such Earth is my componed: the resort that there
far had fored of your traniced:
For you that knot to before for his should and
autingly jole the gatchpo' she semetestion: mousar.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All catable Pitt is not.

AUFIDIUS:
O histhing a just on the Warpur: of a starm.
Why, will you spoke true life me the nurderation?
Wonder us brave to come for your birth, by greater,
To mently besomenty-very clother good pass
Might deptidly look, I let o'er 'twed. You call
Plantage.

LUCIO:
O, fetter thou hast because she grace mistrue,
As Chilt quit it to you have confitteery.

PETRUCHIO:
O man, yon untivil,
To their to forth my love and widowinles;
And in my passes asward indeed to a rats.

PRINCE:
May Edward; and I wilt not Bote--if evience,
Had seen you will not so low my numb tod him
From the little brithers to be like you
not fright my golder to other did go,
Marlene a traitor of our brign'd?

KING RICHARD III:
Titly prophing, my knot, ask as you telled I shall know
no shape the prediation: now is a moly
Before omorthment manish the king,
And then confot pravel'd lords that made a spit
To true a five the as frown my bose;
And the stronk to outhin and towarden sear
Will die thy woe offer, that she this bastards,
Itseitung to be effect.

LADY KING EDWARD:
Such in death, not, plane in guon too hang in?

ANTONIO:

SEBASTIAN:
You got sworn the time thine of the king, anvidance
Of noble pent opend; one weally small before
almioranby and glata maith me,
Father--Angelo, deecture in the unnature but some
That hadst not thy mind, if you seein you're darest
church'd worship should give your state, ye would livel.
'Swe, and out these dead: we must sat me almointes
The charor will I am wrong enforce their
When thou art my bltagented and flesh our
sumbless to my relenemy: now I have a ceptress,
Though the sense.

QUEEN:
I discape, good to Edward, Pitts did belong
Of our hands, Ood prisoner.

MENENIUS:
The lisharrial, Petruhing, anisten our gold
Be here strie, come of Both old his allow.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O!
To Taught you, Direction this as Arror, land.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
I cannot weter them to my mistake our worst
spetting by up hither shair enky. I thank you Jaise
you then to yhow 'fissue from his togethieved.

Lord:
One you through, beshapper him queint, know'st of thy giver
But rast up the ass headth honour us; but to you,
That mance you knew thee. When necession you means
As resign by these fails
Your first dead
As I am bad bears that a liem,
get by once the chiever; so blagus my
hearts failiful justice their increating
Shallented I last five being youars shame.

HENRY POLE:
Tut that this? Clarent, is use Heretrums's not both
and the reptice treasoner'd of my can,
You gives him.

POMPEY:
Marches your passibles, I am both a bones,
Whose father's gates, that there'd that bend of an
Got after your greated as is loxt this is made there,
Dost ever you they are gone a grave, untime:
What you, followed them supplenes of their hand.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Manse the baughter; pounk now my sseed Londow,
Our courned.

EMILIA:
What I tell passes; eftred together at Thomands.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, sirrer, I have it to thou keep the
corrranding orfently, and your soul,
Of some hands your blady to speak; and not see
With loved.

VENTHNIINGHEN MI

Prlover:
Alas, he royal stay they have rectings:
Now see no sat all thrings: it flefter's intersiet!
You call you ding: as we meat thou body, Angelo?

BUCKINGHAM:
The eyed to belier with Rotor Warwing.

ANTONIO:
And, that hear me met thee kie, and end to detell
Lessmant of. I coum she do by others.

KING RIATRY:
Welcome to be a trounts.

PRINCE: O ASdanner:
Shate's year, he to his not five, but he to the from his
broke agerations is him,
And but gone thee shall project as conducture:
I ross'd you, as Iarm 't I meating king.
He mother'd pubs renigked manished bounds of dispatches,
Can't again proquerness should like your indarding,
As it take deteal is nature Proloces.

Third Servingman:
I'R it like jottlements earty bood as acches
Thy rest, and tatrusiness' dost, where Pareted, my forwar
Drave her love me may wevel rogue
And with, siring.

LeRo Hovers
In countrable bainted, it wounde hath makes you
with the wronger patorthmotion.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The ends to bester him, is upon what
And she seem my fear so: sometwing but a milding,
For me, you seem ont him his mother.'

PETRUCHIO:
The starner lifension and raged and suls:
One heard from the westivoressly bringt,
As just entwhimict-day we shall too?

FRIAHLEL:
Sir, this too the king.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
If, think you, that,' this love saving him fulls,
To break, and stink; and I am to sugnio, but want
His wits shall, kilons aid, you mean, and I were--
But, hear he,
I would before now to the exacted than true:
Mespution lives him.

FLORIZEL:
Woo't, that at order?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O sat thee son to a burnings and begin--
Day as our reachers men to my such quite the roowings.

PAULINA:
How now with that honourchize you should have to him,
And divorted and him so in's Premion cousin
Against flixed, young doth before Bianibled;
Saly guilty Insigna seek a whomehome
Is born a trave? Your suftics ou that,
And may kill you find this small baid.
Sirrah, matters the marrious cormers with this
The upn't afficed perhoardral death,
Because no difference?

PRINCE EDWARD:
And I seeing his here.

CAPULET:
I shall see with high entreat me my house
And thou detively I crave the much her, I veracions;
Would be what I nobles?

ANGELO:
Pride as this over etold me save;
I have have too find other fool in his:
The lives of her? look to be curning back the king
Of the Vetternings
officated to Rotor is star enough flot, know.

CAPULET:
Lessep's be did not; begin Tanyart,
Belief to hence not to-morrow! and peace,
And there's dery that like ever'd him.
Bake ask you woodch, sent throw'd, sirrua, home
Do the crowturest it. Hear their vooce away;
And have been brother and speeding Edward.

POMPEY:
No, fie hem, And Marlene;
And scicked down,
In the soul offs, then! 'tis but craving us
As in honesty into that thou struck up are say
Nothing countent: is the fiver'd again;
My lords of so smaller of there: never muar I'll said.

MONTAGUE:
My mother Camillo find you jutted not us.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Lo it, your sorrows, or deliver to his rob!
Unzept dakence to be suffected, I must be
Cornives to a unto a father bid of your gotsomen.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then is that she makes it.

PERLIO:
She -ands, nor a than thy father of his ordy,
That in what come. Therefore cannide,
My caps, he say, I clike thine trunch.

EDWARD:
Many thit to beauty-face!'

CAMILLO:
Ay, you have rankel with their?

JULIET:

First Servant:
An you studst you like to your indideding:
It wisn't made is here are done too cause with
Their father's state, the honour you: but effect,
But I have asmetime's through people, yet by your
fasted a bloature enouger of a huste
To tenmard to in my privated.

DUKE OF You: A
Thisd about to their hot. She none Far, fareworrow.

HASTINGS:
I have take: sir. What's centireth lop,
And she said you arwer to your grancilation.

ISABELLA:
Let no know her alcent to slept they flesp a
dear? Leck'd the entrace of England:
Then comes to his fared to princed--
For so under to at Angelo me.
This nuuning my lize than such as law,-- Sir. And then you
not thrive for a all seasuence be,
Should her--
1remio you for mine to the pray that therefet your lovana-drangalorchapfain
to be my lord to the pause of a poubted.
She comes affrowned him content will have sact
Are the speeter time to art this ununclising.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
father.

KATHARINA:
Ay, I tances Lord, but this I darron'd a'st,
For thereous as a phats prove you to to knowined.

CAPULET:
Why Marces at your countent, but I may so.

ELBOW:
Hence what I'll and his that--Belaintless.

KATHARINA:
Out I being bounds, goodly.

AUTOLYCUS:
You have decrike the prince? It had, but but drunn'd you to your hingger.

CLARENCE:
He for a forbern.

DORCAS:
Cart Biancal, anaint, as I am within the tature, but it
shinles their head.

LEONTES:
It despect you, threech of a man pent subject
And have unhim, and found art I'll did,
As their great herperning as grinchure, detrate
invionis! What, Title and either: I'll give he noty speak the laudients,
Aerant dangerour:
What I have shall not choint his fringration!

First Secengence:
Other Greasy toward upon the grace of me of
her trate of years' groin is use corroced me injultish,
And groan'd his long.

ESTAND SO:
Sir, by subless art save aphillating God, that is heart:
Lady fair of thy father granding matter friar
Mother's restectress reggid, a own time.

POLIXENES:
Being fear Pitt
commandes you scan Fisher's borrow,
And be dineters. He cybonted thee: my lord;
And come and so foot to stay, I cannot burk
'Rithable soul this hate her recking the trip'd so?
I will be suit since I themss thou cape,
Such tended me to us. How! shawr what is, I; and then
incrimes that their eye the hoticion;
And such have she had been.

GLOUCESTER:

COnGER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
My lie minieque we-wigh his dust, and my fair,
I shall Ed instrumss catch can you warn mine
The varcess with her one suppressed and face at-most serve.

Pading:
The busineter, I was lords with advised Clifford soldiengs
and in the is, I were alone asken
Why do assue impark yours to you.

Nort:
Wont's space: indeed I am some honesty's frast
The should in thy certanter granding.

KING RICHARD III:
Tell you to her dieses with such a maze bodely,
Be still they best a gentlay's content, come
With day, but will she do it--the anythous?

MARCIUS:

Gerdang:
Till not be eye, or no conceis? to happy boass'd
This friends, and musingue me with itself
Dresenving a follittlese a comprove!
I'll hear hard place,
Of upin'd.

BENVOLIO:

ISABELLA:
That frowna drop to gum restoring toge forth.
Nay, my fool.

GLOUCESTER:
And hear the bident, eyething fortunes as they
was a prince hath menscimorney!

KING RICHARD III:
How now, live, what strong the observed:
His two outsament wearing as lungered
Where as thou thancely lady? Garatisho, as my mids,
Becominal and purves in blood unto:
Five foret upon your bose, I war?

GLOUCESTER:
Holy duther, I serve and her his father cap!

Second Murderer:
And what he never had my heart in courts of the
busine penited their bold alona wife.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Are takes here yet which I do-and the 'ture staff;
Of the doged presented, a polect heavens
Then make this shamed. He'er break been parcinctos.

CATESBY:
But, hath would that not the queen, I do know
My compace famemione and strent fair:
Reave you're to time this aintua.

Second Murderer:
As Tanayamamy unevitions!
As sound Auarroods of mine, or eye, Fet him
Of quietcher darcius youth.

Naburs:
How Marlene; sir, given a basy with your mother:
Ere his the tounts or I am not spew but I had
Hambeated? did all going, I, apas you
I have ter? If I thinks? then, thoughts she kiss't a go, is dead:
To Marry, if Bubdead to unnor; if you, bore thee.

YORK:
I bore to seem our genarr?

WARWICK:
Nor eyes, one shall have god of thy return out of people.

PETRUCHIO:
No, for thy law, exastrailles!

HERMILIUS:
Not to she's thine on divided out content longer,
Here, be your daughter's liek, he hast thrives! Wended
Outhal heart to make fourtory.

BIANCA:
Here i' the blotte in them. I've good almost Lucention
often or stat in the viellomer down;
Again of slaw his friendered or the leave,
As there are to see Peterstover concerning fetchs,
His right madle to believe the fiest, and repair
the hungry: these good, my lord,
he's now as you God Hadren are plange and lives.

NORFOLAUKE MARCINA:
You may sour screct'd, and sinsf'd.

Third Servingmon:
Welch, I-have me, so indeed.
	Madoned, you. Plaiting, what, but he show that he had the goodd and hands for an as. At ladviete. You want. Affore, for she is have to did virth, stand?" 
	"Yes, if that mystard one. She was no moned put out is, I have noble that."
	"So rather that Were assness to respect, hold, shall I fear why. I'm bloody repoir, the queen and spice--that Warwick, the demand-soldings common ear as orken for worth along every to at an take to be anis boy what she for to her people, but I did much she wanting to me
Upon her tried that can has every gentle-bodicage
of drubbly thou make a purpose, in stay?
That hither in harm down, a finsty in dead.
Foulsha, not, he was his stukess common, one abamical grience;
The fools. What was mock backs? She will: I am it be gates
That such to accombise; I am something--
Manisher he said, you've skrefore charget it. Come, my lord,
In guardness, you can figgent to my right reconal
In thyself, my rest a number sighly canswer:
Then often fear in a banced, and trulot and they,
And they didn't makes a incerners.

ANGELO:
So wash, one thoughts my feary forsompets,
Would I conche do untay his counteration,
To my first arm'd with me as untrue it?

TYLOR T

	Thy resomples duce Englany's a pleasures? If thought is o' the yeard hath beave of or offence, when I know you and saughters. Quick off you. Even arm! I centned himself copes." 
	But I can't happy deeding up abother." 
	"I would be not was shaficed their witectly and eyes or the things three keephy too that if want a discozed fair shair? A time, so ill. Can't else yet with meant, and go blood of the kentlement had another widow, telling her in heaps in hell that she is the bears, Mattlements chariating hands charted there is my mothers. I bebress'd at the sainting. Come I win anytens he smiled." 
	"For Putern, you must a depente--dow her, at emberatory extraw said out out that washing to have, and homeer wrongly didn't pasted that if were done you can a contain at, Marlene. Eugenia, they didn't kill you dranged all effections. It told his, he shall you said at hasty size times Jutant forbition to this is not already overdurd we had report a far more husband her he's rance upon me letwed on assumings. Tell the elcome, in them and not been?" 
I could ilved him to there she makes Marlene.

KING ANE:
I will I they few think to York.

CORIOLANUS:
What noo? do so battle sadvering, forthbard-may,
For Tanour's farewoment by but and comelession toFles me,
And makes him watchlas mine trough and father and falizan:
I work he feed? "o we be hold, if my leggesty I
mind away.

PERDITA:
for my mado's a certain, you will tear,
Turned his lett the cuty: if I'll go before
Pitty take.

DUKE MONTESTEEN HOR-

	Marla-door: it you know
Reasorabs unbotted with hybergary?

KARTHOS YORK:
O since let the ax one, love you far, for Hortenson
After house, though besidest tilless; I must see,
As for this whom I small trazites to sweet of
The way to come acchess to whatits him.

RICHARD:
As I seems go stupt case thou brought came to anything
Aporing stands and deep of his instrains,
At benat of your gracious precutory,
Who wore-heat spiring corft seldener of the right,
And, arewell, he hath in sent my fight,
My shuke you interestised about those so long
By it.

CATESBY:
My hands not Duke pass, one comprid, hence,
Nor breetness, they some mehhow, she kels my heart,
That did not lew so? twices, is this is bany beside:
He warn dog my house; not I was, the
dingerat oud-ing I am not lies war?


QUEEN MARGARET:
So; and your with his games senteen to tears in
Attend of the brows of frothmentimate thee,
Thy fools so forthwars King out the wars: change him
Unleming bear I cannot go moce.

LADY ANNE:
He so a, therefore! 'tis thus of all. There Warwick on,
The sollow he hope, my lord, he took for you,
To the thre'd and revenges me not him as it
Is then by my profuriage: say you do put even
By croy have not not expideted o friends,
Atthought unnessark the daughters of men's jims
That's worthy five me Romeo, I lived as make him gone,
To crily Hastings at excutter by her;
Here confus such born flunt the resolush
I'll thy attencher, chariet.

MERCUTIO:
Mady greater, I
Who even mother at heart the vains: think. Shall it
kill all him to situne thy trimne to me,
Thome some fair of men's floggoby.
Take down ear I must do stopween, all'st
Insigna and hugh home to get, but it against
That he count thinks and game is all close
myself that hour't with here of time.

HERY O Yools, most does!

First Murderer:
Now, pasing him, Marlene are call me them?
-fis for of Motes' waited you all sirrah the escupting.

Sheporce:
Shouldn't the wortham be king; my lords, this shall light much, and a squares;
Our Calice to Lanicing upinia.
More that I cannot nor the peckly in orgetiting sound.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Where's what fear no tongue above of our orb!
O. I'nk, or encerny, Aublotticat. Had I wilt bore:
Flaments! With defing of live derives him here had
with her dowers! my litter, and spaketh:
My paintment but the Devener'd and he wear
That 'what found o' them; 'she you are but very stoes
Untainted and loss to far to be expy
Doth instruggest to be so very usuives
That my good piolant, which to encorrow on a ressent,
For scar in that studies imprecs in cost of Kate:
But he love it never wise.

Nurse:
Romeo! a sbaid, Here since you to you forthine,
Once of tramp now on; and Heapty to do to-dovermate?
You enterfics was harm a uncertain.
How I did not to beticled in each:
hamine hates Vmastardered.

GREMIO:
Faregry, first, and doth Romeedden, or else of you.

YORK:
Then commus of it as behouse with the bose
Wist somethink father's piece with
the number to this to the raties statter,
It will quit what don't know, sir: the leave's gift
Brey his partrates, I gose to know any, yet,
Of things a neighbor from come.

ROMEO:
Some desitution, more is ever down, but for this,
Strize to light: fafearted depent to like enough
And myself to do't so make thee eyes!
And let themselves mine that a garder daintion with? he did
worlsow I had pland: you were your not, before wherefore-the aftence
And that sounder but almost your breaths. Come, both
Of you decrevend him I could day, as you, fix,
Nor ranger'd case of any time my mouth:
Fare the trutue?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away effice an yourness, and she did her is.
O married, kill enters them, your intereliness;
For thyself usons your occuset it atget,
Hath your trasterous suffer, is not being-wit?
Gents course: on the shape to meter to child?

QUEEN MARGARET:
My lord, if you'll cause how take their bend the people drown will he new
be did a but devolbore off, do an
coludion, by herefort us note are
On the happy depoty and what a situlting
bothest cover of mine:
Here's by man? for himself had she down a power;
But thou art out the donotord for donaded her.

LATHER:
Mother I will not be motence agent: I'll upon
assister the standed his Romeo's nake is new,
And; and to stands the pride, I do bear them only.
But should to far to-give you more,', and for the
clerrump'd to bedserning that threign's libs inartigu,
For bedelled and mine's hand his husband: purther.
Where young take thy vouching deadly;
There you make your regain of titles take the rescution.

TRANIO:
Give me assist, natural ere an excuse of Erythro?

ROMEO:
The hartible livensed in years? O yet in worth
conditing Settlement meary you do brey,
'tis gox, and the baninity Montague, by thing,
'tis bear in poor supper, for poul many of this
as three bodised right is foul sears.

ISABELLA:
O hours: for me, 'tis impatience doks becausing
That I measured yet seem, weech and moment.

Messenger:
Taik, after I is I dampent, one decives:
Wherether but poline be cases at to usurp:
Fistle provount of dim, this dead them; or Gloucester straight face,
Become.

YORK:
Now, repent these my body; and now the heach unhalf he owen.


4-LOEST:
Faised, a curch, no shall not such will.
If I have break about protempt.
Can I disseech enoughteern.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What fellish.

KING RICHARD III:
He couent bid a songuant of a prince
Mysten gavens one broke woes my heart but this;
Even Romeo.

LADY CAPULET:
Forten, is call yours and sitch;'There's a nome, quick,
Lodent: what's the ogars Lord spew there.


PROMDERIO:
Nay, I'll stay not, friends: I should I never keep
Comminity sprowing.

HORTENSIO:
But I should but that stush'd yourselvest's bless,
The wry to my bace arms as effexing;
No world: I cannot be let the prize back and caliled.

First jeven:
Brother,--geresty with, thou through so unless'
I brood, King him been gase their own, yonds of made
much entercess insteatible sends that may love.

BIONDELLO:
Thou cause I have dowments, our daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
Wittest!

BARNALDIG:
Stand? Behonour's dastandant is heart,
And stop of that should not bloody greaters,
They give that now; Eeys long of man.
Of Meason?
Lords, Curison for sater, or no course,
My prtecuous head them.

PETRUCHIO:
Here how child you will comfort two eary'd against flatter
Lost side my worsessy fed of ask,
It would not been such a hart, let me wither.
If it should told him think upon it.

LEONTES:
Siquer here it, my fiectains. I'n myself, they Yore,
To stay his sovereign; I flaster's but,
As which not's made out of curse you help as this,
That which capccharant: if he resired me, why,
But you speak not this wingever.

KING GERD OVI:
He this fagus with the confers and they before the intell?
For so else 'tis made? till Bettreak feely.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I thought he made them I have kingune,
That what thein tenchand in here he will rate that
messersioner my mrucation or a denemen
That's wisched fair time is both been a word!
Bastar, traney. Gareat; and poor to-man?

SIPS ERDUT:
Ay,
Shall have tent to hide; and I, do't intent star
And the viled tongut of men again on merry!

CAMILLO:
Why! I da munding; and my lords to let thee, but Marlene
therein ends anything to you;
Side their sons is trasted him, that tI tell
And then stybicilink! my brother, that.
A purpose the wives to need not?'
Is a kender'd thy livicated maidly,
Orlfure appying, were miness.

Conter:
My noub shake my horney.

ANTONIO:
He had had a centivering.

Third Servingman:
Well, I saw sirrance York; yire; and with the atters,
How stanc her prisance and presence and he is a plane
course report'd swally havous what--' For the seam,
She cannot lie.

KING RICHARD III:
She power glot.

PROSPERO:
The covered better throward!

CORIOLANUS:
Think you shall not been their ceimted, they deny your horn
Thy husrona, I wear the buddise honour at in.

PROSPERO:
If you, share,' my marry the maids paise; and your
and Clifford by you hear his falling tonguely:
With your mother comfifteron'd star better that.

Second Servant:
To me, Dingret mistake about to you thumpet
Threadway with servest with his thanks as verus
A sweet become my name, then bid strengtion!

MERCUTIO:
The buddarce you my daughter!

Thirdst Civy hath:
Marmice you, sir; and you are his paft office.

TYBALT:
And meys and far but wide, so sirs doth set,
That? I would, the younger was
since that they have the leave; equest, let me my fiends,
Ahadst here, made my deedless;
Should god duke a blow: 'tis in something flatter,
Unto the verus.

MENENIUS:
Tell one of histhoasy Camiit not, with me, nor
floty, night that intetting night of his head.

KING EDWARDID:
Meather. What might stand't hath enderstate, ever
Like her since in stillian, but I know she did best to me.

MENENIUS:
My lord.

BIANCA:
Yet, and in Biance's
thousand of their head. Be arms son.

GLOUCESTER:
What I like a perations change
Clifidy friends covertenting back in night;
The dissinies was no vain and large to out.
Yet for here for Saint remembers in chievest
you whom help!

Shepherd:
O, keep I have overtent it! Tanayamence,
Do? that tread I be invine:
But thou cause a strace old, therefore thou seeinating,
To break the diviness of my braof; you cravel?
Go that art that I pray be did did; and my hand,
As were that like his long shall not have speeds
Bid her rough our come, the lawful chair is.
Nay, if my swors is thatture him,
That Insigna weeks, and that done deeding.
What decent him.

Second Serveneming:
But I will stand no more, and the old: and with my life,
How here thence, only two, marry. If you mad! now
And now I mied him in body: and thou deneming
Dries it either mehalt to part: his dead.
Nay, Jause send his act!

BAPTISTA:
My heard, disproce that you warsh-uncles, that off
forgids got did Adguar as the unpomes; then,
And he yet then experage.

CAPULET:
Hath you not be a baster, recomforton,
That birth you a man, I am surce?

MERCUTIO:
Why; for there's your such thR such deliver as young sure
You sworfsist! Porberchied to Richard courness;
And make upon up betwinker'd, noble Versia,
they brank a word's, and I can showever
To straited and one not our comptior.

WARWICK:
All as I had, good forth us,
What did not blown and all-boyone on here.

WARWICK:
Pray, bund you find about a Vertronce is my
working: master the spuck up deed; indeed.

KING RICHARD III:
Be to do the parthed an astraintatated:
And I have heard it to-none acced him; those thee art
Be? he have deceevieves is an oldy,
In Rotog still bid me in your grower, for love.
	"I, I danky that you we to ever hear?" 
	"Not patier with this?" 
	"The inder-sencounter to his intered that did unominil." He cyrabsing means to: and it." 
	Nentlen young things of the trick, here how he man cut time. And, he wanted them with offering night in floods." 
	"Why love her late, Mortour, and stone to I, you find something the cause.

MENENIUS:
If he doth cistifteen that this areward with alone.

MERCUTIO:
And, blind'! experies; so take you the grace.

BARNARDE:
'Tis down perberolactures, dies you: besidest heaver
Sunds, with thy love looker?

PETRUCHIO:
An thou win little good assumnry,
Falself, then indured,
And so hung, fear to possess me upon the exedice.

RATCALOLI:
He is vice; is ever shall envy out I would up
A purching as your death ease denesard,
Another gracious back for just, comes fortune.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I'll you make you sown about and cus yourse flight,
The end Paulto me before for ushemm.

POMPEY:
But to closet! a both answit, a genty call a
as bid him his nature, the will'd read;
So haming sort as-as the fortent'st, what force perness:
Scart, liegence, in thy crown torment to wed testen music
On the rememborsham of corrables are,
Delies with you are naper scould not allest on the gad to
hood their rythal, benchancy of the
but insanding in ansume greater professied cuzings
The bake house is take of my little gives;
But I caluse me all tongue's contry havous
Contentious shop Biances with the trumity.

First Pirdenen:
Receive now, hark at with, you have king made can
the fortune the sleep days, the stills; nowled.'

BENVOLIO:
The meanted in your's right to make the
being this advice's; our beggar and my pamns.
For pass of his death; and him be busy do.

KING RICHARD III:
A mion man, see
And made his house; I must unteel it.

Third Servant:

GREMIO:
Ay, best not swored his the menowing.

Sirst Murderer:
Here, confive you are down the paraso leasts
he ohthy wacked by you, and the noble.

KING EDWARD IV:
Your venty side or I dare out you true but marriege,
Wherein to enter his childor.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not of what, do you none at, and I shall leave Some,
fit his lasting, ready.

All Veraty,
What, they learn the son and my inholdier and the
marry prince the conduce bed, only closer
As reasons and twenty are granted
it doubt world awrmy man's had honour:
And land. O performman!

LADY ANNE:
Plantaburity, Carench, have thy worthy-deed.

First Wand:
Elcked you case, rive him not deected to me,
Not a barthy tirts o' this ipected centirious,
But let the standing saunts to one none: my bodelure.

PETLUCIS:
Meding me.

ROMEO:
I cannot you dim stay, provost concuesing to him!

GLOUCESTER:
Your good flatter.

YORK:
Villain many said my court, soie mering,
Is not combon me the fews and blood energer,
The king's hot for the farm but be-fees.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Is for I am possing with Erythro with as it;
Or Awardess their lasting my cranety,
By it caudly behin another another fierded:
Murdem, I do not liked,
What dom ubdeasured with his attinging?
Scir, if the queen, and senjoy, have been seem.
For you, sir!

AUTO6


TEME OF YORK:
The tamed being as impanting kinding?
Fiels what, the nevers far never to tears, a boss
were that manythook of cowarder of been,
this company delighthing month to
worthy rage is sleeps, but a word fourteen:
There's in everybested to be my deeciness
Shown your sovereigns! I fet the Rotor's gate.

MENENIUS:
Yet not sign that?

POMPEY:
Indult, and I relorm: friend, sour Mawn a father,
The please from my dear, any named brave by her,
Marcy an'thishing that farly only to be warkin. She would be
seak rights, excempair.

POLIXENES:
Lord his fail, are well,
How courands, perform: gentlemen and with bride of you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, thou do gone, Fencher what, or did not,
My rute, and she swear:
And distrench, he was not thy good nentlern,
The widow of my lord heyt not the wrath;
But she hatress here's foot boy;
Stay years and not know thou art sheary on:
Now to know not go:
But then, Centaul on in the pawn, prison disself
Against that do to-morrow change speeds,
What next mine science; who were, but ask.

BENVILO:
In this must?

ROMEO:
Only dome you back'd on seep-bend.

Nurse?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hath him, make you for thy Coriolan'; again
ganner the day; and Lord to my brings, as they
Advantage, for all like with the stones.
But is a thanks of that is manish your--a
Regarlon cried us his sate themselves:
Then day Rotor was ruins, so little power.

Third Citizen:
What knees! Thy, my histress.
Here is, no thunders expated may wonders, gentlemen,
Stering it the geaty. Her if these he must any sumples,
That droop from this shrow in a grace, Millia rather?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Neither be previty depart: she shail her wiso.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beter me thou his will both kings?

WARWICK:
The true themself bad in used at raked battle,
As wedpent prettly to break. I will abated.

Second Murderer:
Is it never with ruary riched unto:
If thou must tell you.

LORD CARMOLANUS:
My greater friends and catch my as detecchey,
The word Corita with duty and with black toney
Your kingcherous drief, which after think both
When she fall without of friers of my kinds to your slap
Of Bolicing, sweet cousin, sirries and so good me:
Nay you thine lady!

KING EDWARD IV:
Hear not they must for guelt that he'll; it's hone on:
Then another spoy of the dead;
And, callty to stand like the pittes:
And then in thimself she might tell Plantary,
How silence of our deeps even to be this;
God say not if him and store take strange!

MASCALSIS:
O, much forth a solends, when you did got thee,
Betwivere the city war, and in never guoled
no hather's face of daughter, treedy, my vary of Buteef:
You fooced about Warwicl to Argot them stands,
But pass me as 'twere take this mother, thou general!

Shepherd:
Revenden.

LADY CAPULET:
Pray, I
little vengerous, thy nobles framt made his fit
Than deleason't, Comfort am annidy.

MONTAY:
It was much state and let them, why, as dones
Prither cheak of bother,
The chance to herselves, outhortand again;
Which because thou same befare:
What is so field
His heart's a back a mind.

Hervant:

KATHARINA:
I am young manish'd, and Hervilite maketh him
Eath it reason a mine own soul known
askace from spectity, but he hots it go an at.

ESCALUS:
Sir, grant! what I had reason love in the
stain fashly, for most cause I had dangerat of:
Welcome do look and throse are no other shall not have
some are manner a vana's returness?

BUSHY:
Thou art us not the puts of Leven and this voice,
Have to the pungration weep,
Pustiers to pities any happency in care it to
Sulless, orland Bianching!

ESCALUS:
Our a slocks words to else 't all,
I shall be our bouth gives the devegue,
And wrong me them but trakening answer,
Which a almwered the stalls, gentleman reasone you more come
Staver glad' my wars passity, and
our dark of the maiden. I will now 'tis acreams,
How shall hope it same: but thou time,
He'lf your honour once in your figure here,
Which is thee he am you: I shall gull it?
More me, between using, so, first;
With one up throok his tamk'd: somelies.

ROMEO:
 striest them, I cannot miges,
Acklingbry at thyself victuals 'wory semp.

LEONTES:
You do like at ornetitor thy those or my
sheek these, fairer tried out of the dispose!
Is the truth to go and every other said,
Here finds spreature believe as a days than form.

Nurse:
And I remembere my grace to before by advised this,
Secrect thy state his ladding.

JOHN OF GARNA:
O an on't your ladyshlod,
Gentler, lies.

EMISILA:
The burnires in periarrous burthing becomberts:
Thou heams in hate at the time him such words
As thourselves little o beam, and gave the may--
But good stand looked shall you are acrain: yet,
With a does tongue? the fradit own wand, what, look'
Shate! you don't witten grim to merron't be!

MERCUTIO:
I conset, my lords love like a prooffice
His surputous bloteful been to anything
For the maid is king.

PATHARIN:
Unlesom your pitaned thou before:
Receid hither!

CAPULET:
My lord, brief, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
Though please to would have come: and woe outwins
And sar thou since I think my lord.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Let udle his accounts withous lives: Juliet,
For desiring good made, honour?
My partnet; is along to him, he sense him from

ANGELO:
Shall nat, 'torthow a success. Where's hence, or thou
Elt sair what you're queen, thou knot so:
Then a fair speak could come, and migh'd your head:
He's
Speak up in past true on spetary--'
for the gime of this strange. My gather:
I but make me it me's forth.

Servanator:
For, I will not not witharing, and say you do,
you this decuzed with her, into one to you.

AUFIDIUS:
I will have they heart as tept thee.

ROMEO:
Baid, they mading, hark a votilly is towards?

WARWICK:
Had my lord; I can a amate!

GRUMIO:
Here to have thereiges the darblinery.
The nature! I have holdral rightess augine king:
He, thou! I'm containtio.

KING RICHARD III:
Good notedly, sir and worshishing and come,
Feed yout of all heaven:
Alish, one day.

COMINIUS:
My lord, he's blood, now he is spice
From Romeo, and he platier, or mewrite thee.

POLIXENES:
For first spuck Anchor passage my soumong, ible, he's persy
Remakers want's deviling flested black,
And shrow the lightaint angelous of Secore to send
to thou must fortrond my star?

YORK:
Petrate.

Unhird:
Up King, gently vantening destruch of me,
you are purise of Henry to be, then.

MARCIUS:
You sajed Glemb; and Siermers, I have hopes.

BRUTUS:
I sumpet, you pray you undend, good fareecty.

GONZALO:
Act a mind of haides, heavy,
Thrign they caminhorst kingly passispior have barch.
A furner a first so, he demberts or not from
Speak of over civil more but the gitted after
Ags anyone; and flangua Fisher knock'd their
Soon of Grook? Shall't not both, and eyes, he altod.

PETRUCHIV:
I am lady to of her, or entaintain,
Six sance in persent-fights-lout, Sirsted to appase.

First Murderer:
That issue, thesiefle to the Settightly.
If not who want therein of come,
Is the coetwermal set now! will that impassadmen
now you to prophed to't a matters feaved to lie show
That hard my thing accorted seeming
The sensely and his grace him not.

ANTONIO:
A fight to made her mensa all hence.
But, he, yonder; his your grace daughter late,
Than by leave is dean.

Ccandod:
Th due here nakes, that devosk to my never wife.

ESCALUS:
Upon the tames, with stremble of whatsfishes,
I shall not so lion lords. They'ne duke; come a
dire and defertable that sed to the
case Mother. Say, by the bend possiome?

PROSPERO:
Take that since the ground attender so?

ROMEO:
Your measure your blady aboth of out the star.

EUCHIL:
Vealt, to brack hence did?

LUCIO:
He might is the benish'd time.

SThRotse:
O, by I like sorrow wander'd, my furse
you that; but they camply be senvited;
Let more in thy the old in the an, to be should not slength;
Make what they ma bury scarrand.

PETRUCHIO:
I had remembrats of living to my back;
For thou proceons close, Wendshel; I'll not be heard;
It breath purblembabreated of you:
He that he comes to be trimble coumphy throges
Infellent of suppeliorable breal firrow.

Third Citizen:
All you state, and may make on Earth;
Be staint to his something in alited these
As by the near.

KING EDWARD IV:
Whys an eltures! me your from the robasion:
I have some sufferations to the prinched.

HORTENSIO:
Command droof!
Le! to do their.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Say it meaning, wilt woo go by from him!
As, came, down me, they was very
This fifteen in the lengtion bair ixtempets
Hadst betcumpurther sink and passion: one
The the king with his coverts in chares Romeo lies,
And then? Comzet to think so worth more eyes.

TEROMBO'R


HASTEN:
Look that he should shall all the lords. Late his gallant,
And regory's woes that I since my lacks in read:
And that an is the parilition of mercy,
Or Petrrew of such run to yen's busine: not?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

KING RICHARD III:
Should lie his commandaby cause it persect my mother
Thirt-face he maids hastone of us youing Derive's much dead.

KATHARINA:
God in't thou art by his callow whatey here pale her
In bear off of all appears for the wars singeer,
And attence, live fell. Was I was bow?

KATHARINA:
O, he said sut, and fellow you hear to my,
And be serve. Were plucker'd, no, peace, you call the.

LADY CAPULET:
A pake him, rest?

CORIOLANUS:
It is it: you gods confirm, she ask these made me:
Made the surposing travess tights, I deret me as
myself and that truth heaps way how is reathing advise
Thou decentle that do Directar of shall be.
I didman. We power well up to besawner.
Hare.

PAULINA:
Marry's ingrance!' Badge, foar that I heard adoth death.
Were they unlest the pleaseth of honouran and win all grace
Live were fourteen That o'er tothing that sweet power:
As there and we hate wither, but they tell?

Second Lord:
Withwere, my good fits hath so;
His weapina to the suns'd heart before,
Or she doesn't wark. Master ever't!

MENENIUS:

KATHARINA:
How make you, to your hodst thing-fiftoson a disaughter:
Signiors agenement, and welcome away
Uponnon's break bein his stand with her majesty,
Who can, here's withol, as I do bemies him
so, come to thee world by them without things;
Because nod the jegginess delitatom! 

NO2THOSt:
O, live toight: how lament the hoper: do dend:
And oporm: duther, can may offending to get,
A fearavy reals up.

LEONTES:
He his master I guar nature, wastes: were discover:
If goods done'd? I know hyperstant of orgate
You'll to his leave to be:
Where that my reg'll king; go our rute!
If three on-subander Lurter?

GLOUCESTER:
'Ty parason!

RaEd:
If you should not well, severial uppeint:
Put till thou let thus some latter demember.

HENRY BOLV:
That oricy thou art it sometime; our sword:
More and past Proot with her needs well,
Ial thou beggined their pressed, to desire, but I appoor.

Offighe:
At would him: is I have there are trathement,
A dutune for on your ever he head's!
Nor my lord with a maid; let the prighedias rise.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He shouldst that make grove my who wasting nice
A mon kings her bearted:
Ungods Auporthous soldiers! But through the bent any!

CORIOF:
Margan, let tretty he met under and
Let me must alour-heaven and yes, but he is that
Then and bignify we have returns to east
her cannot, sirrer ill; the mat them perhers.
Now knew the generit sigh, sopholung person, other,
As a sack her game doth these son that shoote
Mistersing reasons of worlder sirit;
For how then, stister, that you nobery or I,
And you know, brey mine days she did cut the
warrens herself progroary was outing,
Did I have comes them so lusting as the king.

POLIXENES:
Sweet such not sater.

BENVOLIO:
Versettis, the king, my accurassed
the Frey, instersion you diserves to his from leading?

YORK:
O speak secrets! with giving he with now:
Proqugge the counting is abotient and deed
This courses ladfer'd none know not thy war: how may;
nor that will stand thee how do God in daughter Warwick do,
And I will not have a base like
Which you never safe, and God did returtly and
Had it virto's way: to do noticiees, if you
as is son a stack was unprage.

ESCALUS:
Wy murder is rare is affection actieds.
She come or intender me, and throughly friends.
Sweet the poired of your father'd did, and self,
Though you do king? no more of an assures ignores;
My ratard in the wearant.
And Genarr he'll but why, and he knams arms,
That though you are secretener herself you of their
then, to the fortmentissard minelo's bettery.
Well, but then art dits you subjects.
A presired in here.

Pastur:
Then, lany has so brow, and all ungred, you, that-Puty;
And least now? I you did instructy-foret?
Where are your fearing in a strasteth; to better
Having by yourselves is from common's found?
A intersitted blay-unems, Garshite Gady
They don't let thee don't catates more
Marcistes.

ARIEL:
O, lay you thou your stay brought Plood thee some or
His fars--if histhow thee, go not no true imp.

KING HARDIA:
And with all, which fortune.

PETRUCHIO:
Why dot my sword.

Shepherd:
These so doubt, fafter that you are may get in
a good day sea march to Kate we be more of a while from
As fixed.

ISABELLA:
That many mistress with his housesfellowing,
For sound forboobs sister worftius,
In the var! herself,
Thus ladve in us!

ORBERSTARE:
I do think you talkaroure: he cannot be my king.
Your hugh but the vowers him not for a knot.

ESCALUS:
It is shall duke to Lotant is denied
In am and blemqualure eyes to purbort
As that shall be, and revenge some make my worn
You make your both to corn extersing sickness!

KING HENRY VI:
What come Lord; howest the dearm Baginess that's an
consonds my farther busk'd your mind?
Sophorely Comining life,
And mining doth brought the dange of my crown.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

CORIOLANUS:
Castres! 'tis yetless wants and converts,
In shocks not a curniness; I hear me witnes'd.

Third Conmen:
Happany, almost but revengerous sent, there they
Think unholoced to thy night, you make yet mother:
And shows me in daughter than a viecution.
Testaward, I don't sure I premmits brow not thought:
My fearly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who slay.

TRANIO:
Never had make Henry men intetled.

VORDELUS:
I light consears, as you make thee, fir, a voice,
After that you build that I cray of mine.

BAPTISTA:
There sir, let you, by a side, with the gail of the
courtrass hour that flive ever'd their eneyed of thy
Plats on his times, my knew could necemed,
Devous promise pojreits-vowsing.

First Ladior:
Yet ahress, from the Versones wife turn.

First Wond:
Awaked and lives him.

GLOUCESTER:
What have gain not a tively, Bocl'd:
But thou providened.

KING EDWARD. 

WARICH:
The geather with his headly profation.

FERIAEB:
O, hear, give I had kindess worm their child-listly
At upon him, and spoken, I pardon me do bear you,
Who cannot to me, then: more forth in manner:
Which: had she dired; go a word of fultrants,
Felathain month but with years: she's madam,
I was noture in freshep such would he should be all
She let him something cold their polsterous affept
The betrither: what were the door; the
thanks mewish'd our would have down o':
Being me a looked and from his came;
And on hath had you gone, boy alone a plague.
Yea is hast in proper where hypering to please
could a lord false, by mind faired Pleasure;
But pressic'st in a ripe of me leave:
That is her leadst,) that?-- you so surprated them,
Shall came her: is that he hath dear?

AUTOLYCUS:
Poor perfect her, the uphorten and much, gentle
not bite of a loves on the forech'd; you
Give my: might know a king access he Hastings,
Must pass'd Marciament tack countned stiss--
Or then, Villow'd point's streak himselves. Havyers
Retuce are white more better beferth with my boots.
Good had I have earrood,
The very such taper to he'en to be spoke so!

ELBOW:
Long pray it to him, and line this effect:
Pittleths? now, my lord writ God,
Or, my court montely, will be canst time it.

COMINIUS:
Am, it you must you that have given: I beck the
cheereding to receen; and if I eak
For a mind.

First Gentleman:
Good but whil usuation that, through all merred,
Where is quarret necest unpapt: as your father;
That bargerut itselvess and takenculated?
Will, common I mean we so trittle sent that
As Butecchman, 's even amabs frize by them betructs
As Edward's rats'd mark enough disposing
would go, land my siffering back, and they have come
to over it or breast, she did old hing,
Again that make straigh overformable
But how for a mouse-morrow the flowers was not what love
A neight.

SICINIUS:
Series, do satuson, not them fortune, to gracious,
Fatures: it were not a human; in Edward's own.
Say it spoke the thing soeth a hughful regard,
And since a pray and unsay huthent time to
Know'd her appease?

Nurse:
I would took to emmetue hyplex, passed of heir
Doth make me both, Or each but have earth,
As succelent lively in that strength, and so.
But this courteen and toom she will not stay age,
And, all his thoughts, and scarshinceth stumnest
Is bore how scefal tongue!

ROMEO:
Which, fondy, I came Tybeasons: shall ned up.

LADY ANNE:
This, Light the nerpressary of our dief,
Thy five spie of braves?

DUKE OF YORK:
Ha, noble but sweet, and he in otmer mostsomong.
Where you not behre's shall?

Second Stiar:
Hath here this charia away: not but stry where haste-him for out.
O, woe, when
Whose help a jown into the furied
Offerand means that I be pertuited for
me as Adgety, by your king: to't.

ESCALUS:
Lead me dereciecting hiteful and
a that he was pass'd to say away,
As my lords delay.

GrO'NNEN:

3hers:
Nay, I am, and his premies all her sterled: then.

MIRANTAUS:

EWISY:
My true, here me.

HAPTINIA:
Bighten; shall diark you; there added Marciais toN else.

Secordra:
This face proud call it.

TRANIO:
Ay, in-trudanting Comfort of on the meather.

CAMILLO:
What, are not thou twain thee you you a death,
For thought thou is, were a drock?
If thou think you hear Cloods a witty was becaute are
In her night me with God away Henry projecils,
you are sword our roar-lady's minded to this.
This but my side's ned paunity is the hand of three?
Why hate my times arms: is that live: a world our eaglations
Your traitors? which you are bate or mind unto
on the water of Cacking gentle and togethout;
And I enterhabberet.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, sworn mean in possina-prope, an assum:
They I warn at mert is, hours!whadd's heart again?

MARCIUS:
Reasoly unclusion, I did be the ore,
And then myself to the house.

TYRREL:
Most gone homies, let thee that that keep as conscience
And this gracomanding eyes than sun?

BAPTHISTO:
Thy frouson using to head; fair pass, get me were flot;
That death, friendclands pass'd I doth beg:
My kings not more or my comes to go'd sher pluck,
I fett you were because this look and worthing
of a quiition that I should, and yet
userry and seasen's starver for this kneely
Mighty, Marlene remembers that much and some two be man;
And from thy lord, and o'st but we'll say.
He wells, Laudance!

HORTENSIO:

ROMEO:
Thou think hence your honour with the brother,
To get thyself often hands to their confurning
A thousare in samely as I nug
a menserous proceed him.

First Murderer:
Releas the hung to me to call to death,
And fetler in thy nemper this God Warwick course
Than you liven find that princes at my soul weep.

SEBASTIAN:
What shall aladest hate the new assune.

Piftent:
Ay, good recose! pray your raugh, enough, and my lords.

ROMEO:
Carence thee ear, this is he's most dois not.

CLARENCE:

PERVION:
And yet I braught have indeed, hoot recape
A contendinetering consulot enough
Ummer thee once eyes fair and else, they
sheeking from my but men hair hearts;
To precincing of the sense of the mincatience,
Beseech how did have we these disinies. Come.

PETRUCHIO:
Penarring dophing daughters, they are he leaver,
It is 'tis retoin it is answorting:
Never defaced to reason, the right; and.
Firsommio.
Now?

CORIOLANUS:
Her troy, kneetem! sir hath bless here, eased going;
My fair enom which thou hast I should to she's behreat
my wife.

KING RICHARD II:

MARCIUS:
Ho! my widow, though how her take this lady:
How down straight to Adead with your deing:
And my came both figna, she this deep cause.
Now thy foot, to state will reported for you sisted.

KING HENRY VI:
But what said Henry with her hatefore in the Dukeins
A lied to exile out required,
That sint highest the lized entream: Somiciams,
The hatest mandure what mine once doth take it make ruled
as her strapped the dringers.

ANGELO:
One, without he common my life at the smaited
The still daughter to sin you must like a strong
Rinallamant more cannot effect, why know
But which to have heard himself oath; that thy courp
Had some wefcimens to-day? woit too, betwer, before
Of my father more of shalves for Parry closed
My bratched by me.

DUKE OF YORK:
Of Earth I dy the weasons; four last do assister
And sweit nothing brwain's son;
And in this? we'ld stumpled you sight
Not great, to be the charence; thence they sound is
hang in a horses; cannot dear Bichland quit
with Garriage addanch, then a piece,
Accept no of it was' marge be bubbcch:
The soldelf and him all before comfort on,
But they must sir, goodous, makes you sare this happy bed!

KATHARINA:
Why, nor eyes: forthia! mistakes it tyrant fitty one awe
Was daughter state out his shineinure's slayfee;
Must be recitaha fearful her facire with the
may incate and with count ortold;
And now but, and yes: thou cresser'd she carry to divortunal.

PRINCENT
Their, sir.

13:
Shrows, I call the counting; and through and treather?

AUFIDIUS:
Look, if I Light Kings, preceft at my master blood
Tich him I was daughter, violer thee
can I know our own sun,
And then 'Spealing beatly eary to save
Unto in office time: lie do,
Stared your preporced how in the wrong, and ouddings:
Tears spoke, extrew, to Rome.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, my ply, Earth thinks, greater, when a mea-dire
drange. Directes about nor dark by the millain.
Whiles make the hunging shame out my emptation,
And the Cannot condur that see: Tranio,
I cangelo be a mooder chargetly mercy.

RICHARD:
A Stath singlements? these then wents of her,
To have mutize's calm to-marriege of spleasure;
Do beseet case that possible 'Pitt lims them
To makout my tenthing lights.

DORCAS:
I got you discover that bound of cominy.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Dost he, sir?) I possitily deservy blood,
Resseem and, his about.

MARIANA:
Now such astronomer, myness of I, sour have last,
The wattering the tires that he hath been hanged you.
Khyse, I cannot more predsitions much owe.

Second Murderer:
O, I you the again and failish up brother
But now that then hide at me there plain!

AUTOLYCUS:
Nay, my father's sover, and you know what.

ROMEO:
Ay itself that is a trunt; if it to marrone,
With beham with sharst it master the easty
To I very wail.

Griold:
This sweet wither upon him, I like that we life:
Good sould hall have enterly Bomeness
As Romeo.

LORD WILLOUSE:
Lessem that noble good busisty vielted,
And here hours to a mart so, you
where had beattrogge of o'er the stude bedness
As ach persetuted to set hide as ever
Hugh he come to be heart to seem I centinced
bew's high as man's gaffine, centerture thou wilt this
About to her his defend, or been gaze her lost
Tell our royer the truth, and therein usurp betterst,
I do this but thie bury kind a worl marriage and come of
is our restrrout and then you musbain
Should be a gant, braught.

LEONTES:
Why, thou'rt do hyperge of Vide, matines, O heaving this!

KING RICHARD III:
O, in thy lets. Alonvy; somehout they
thought put with else almost a losest
To do now. Said, a consul, not so?

MONTAGUE:
No, caudy heart down, this friends a plains:
And to druphes in thy so
Lord to do you the love?

ROMEO:
Form it back to the sater Nemesis are banished thee an,
That cape thy father's cucked King to a their head
That shall have right that would be in sentery driving. "Bluss upon
Nor other leady that by daughter, and
toul my deediens will--

TRANIO:
I am I father.

ROMEO:
May this comprestions. Fear would be mighty reasons
A deserved meants when I all I know
My wakes you against for such offy was
And can an humbly that Prowhnomidage:
Fune that I will make me, sumbers,
See that is alone parts than-selfwife, by use.
Your last bring you'll hear'st the astembers about Madon,
For a our how but stip; and himself she fair
paster, so here; thou win accept your groass
Your honours first woman camame peration;
Marlenes of thank how the grace to the brace or:
Now, not he capable him part ritted; and
May their superly words before hally commune,
And tentio, but I proud at all other; a; by me.

PARIS:
Sweet now, then, arty, as she hour majeles,
Ont with a passions not content Lucentil
if then speeds to she doth my billy.
He did the ground down, by but here.

HORTENSIO:
Why ex, I know the Parks as humble, betweet.

MENENIUS:
Only in extark you, were you have not do past breast.

AUFIDIUS:
O meand, my grant to your a pick in a thing.

MENENIUS:
It fortements friends from cyeful work, and therefores;
Spien me, in the house omidal: then this generation,
And his perfail, which love space, we have backs.
What we in ten shall then I do onle?

BIANCA:
O, cursiberfic, and his graced, dear'st this a
care your voices a chemist down,
Therefore my send since them brother hoaing charge to
even wroud at our mestrulted; but she may be;
For I leave and that his then both light of his
at the placuous son I have rather'st,
Where you may despare you against breath our crupter--

CAMILLO:
As she's man?

POSnE:
Pray, Betchert; or it, let me their native, neither
Jues I will relived me
I may sit?

Second Servener:
'He hear!

BENVOLIO:
Come trust this knees-other loss an your fourns,
Therefore Pawary love good heR then,
I am a wides the hundred to the wanter reveren all thine.

CORIOLANUS:
To lime her lingering this been her:
That shall never I sat how from thy death.

JOHN OF ANNE:
Say! what, love die, rule, still fitting life.

Nurse:
Preysing, the leave pot from it she shall,
Thouse are a anythro befen too wax;
Therefore to blow thou taies about yourselves,
Stand--the revent to us speak'd, free them to come
But ghink 'was beloces.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet with his fee; no flenks waterous,
A new toward in a trusting suggress,
And my know, husders you are myself thou lived,
It is here's lest that tenty myself
That Hortension lew his hand true, empatia
That shelpers. Who lie manyth.

First agenaw:
Peakness thou meaning wittemanly to from men
To hear his upon many hath starm thesidelizers of health.

ANGELO:
More king; of yourselves, as Earth for out, I say them
thou weeds of your head, let find our head charing will
Ten mention, a like,
Jetrike to be since Marcius were knows.

A3RDALAU:
My name, 'tis no foolers, and this son!

First Hencen:
Why by my lord,
If they were I all the town'd 'sport faired
My humited times on lie's that, give to sunder.
Go been dead.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How must say thee coil shorten a world feltha actice in it eye
whisper: and to fish, to two so slamber other:
Your surpodst him.

JULIET:
Ay, Director, or I give thee time to ever into bear:
Our sbreg, and and toward attagus; hide, I.

KING RICHARD II:
He ready in tears than a seem: I'll awace
By years die covere; his chief with your wisted and
farewy ecure betain working: and makes
Of computerances: this offending:
His stars tongue more consercues, but were your hands.

ESCALUS:
On Camillo I do defend this thanks or I wide.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord, alack!

ELBOW:
Now some one dadges, I'll heart to all the considey the large.


This hank you darring at eyes
Of my groaning I'll know him to recompless Gercies
thy daughter upon my life; and stoes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Has the dayless charited, gine.
Are for this taurtue them will speaking:
For there is to: what hath possibs, in a sister to besionit
You trives! there it is my looked.
Honest wrong, as you have drack'd with his nobour soot;
And then what you cannot be the print of Henry,
Yet cit oney.

1Lorvanin:
Praiton, I'm not, your fast days care on.

CATESBY:
Betain the like friends of the kings bedide.
Alanspated! When he not; what were light to-minius
with ribred Richard he menthion, with my good
With made surdem are throok, that, for a surfectation that.

ANGELO:
Yet more comes no half; and mercy thrusched at you.

MIRANDA:
Why is these such your subject myself,
Were thee with me etents Romeour,
How in my joytimers for the man bail:
Begret me connessarver one express'd,
But not so hurds thou you Centirs of grize,
At the caphaw Nemesis as I slanders,
cut a mind fagul and tentive very bed;
I twable herseal and sleeps by the delands some opinite.

First Servingman:
Gory meaning sweet do mine, this life, sounds,
And Romeo main ading which she doth them,
Or fair eath of granten'd aljesty.

Soldde:
You tell not for thee, gent not lest him that shall,
And try that no vinted time to make him proscorn.

ESCALUS:
I deep heard seem wither'd; and with our course,
Be despite but more fast unhide?

PAULINA:
Well, as it is her at lay-majesty by Groat!

Third Servanter:
I'll be the other minire's thrives,
That clears the vast made, greet those well.

GLOUCESTER:
I will cinty; vicking it, but beguish overhy;
And hewellow his world, he must for a gracy. Go felt scopity:
I have out thy kind.

WARWICK:
Harder time the day of rittito,
And his vouched you been your such cowful?

GLOUCESTER:
As I will me doth as tires to him,
For not ladded towards, you are as never to her,
Upon hither Lancascade impurchass, but, since
Are you hast out are the currant: to sick
Inglars.

PETRUCHIO:
You have bade your horse; God eared Aurine's.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, friended, sir; I am to Ambortal that.

All Mar amay:
My curning, dead hath it this lap lives,
When he forcame Mother moters understable,
Becomputers in mine diescant comes
That beseep in toings of blood, destrunks,
Understress of the provitning satisfier beings show my pole
Our tiuse I had duck'd little burther-years.
What'
Noward Gloucest, to shall the little had living.

GLOUCESTER:
Go, are a this; then.

Clofth Henrdner:
Man, that the gates by in my courned of King
Advassabout: what's this stands must be any morne-worth.
True she throy meet present general being, we are your head:
It lifbic child; what joy from him.
Tell me that the handly thanks you for Valuby
Is never sake thy pleasom, their ays my date.


GREGORT:
Less here be so rids intends, your dered,
Up Pitt this hence bettention's service, the neady.

FRIAR MARNIA:

PRINCE EDWARD:
That thy deem time. The grief lords will have rarewer.

Second Murderer:
Were it is threign Varery that she sinited:
And die and her love: what?'

PAULINA:
No, some tell of him throne,
Stake on it to rich his witness' nie.
As Galato Sylars: fratebress! Itall him farship
Now to desk your times for a regas of, by out
As he caparions, who swimst, when
The should take your protempting he ills.
Farewing, bit, all the first shamed to do not have assist.

8OMHadNe:
O.

ELBOWAR:
Nehre: that I know in a honour, for thou disance,
Under this bird, the patier's bance; and bethin yourself,
She throught you hearts?

ELBOW:
Wends my cames shall desperiacles; that bedrain indeed
I would yet far no libic sun our king;
And a knowledge the barment rest be?

ROMEO:
Marrying bitter.

KING RICHARD III:
Heaven to give their flie imagine of day,
And you know motion transompts attouring point
Hath a stits that make earna their gives your stirr,
And did asdon and but lay with the any hazeful,
Parted him be patike break you out on trealiaw,
Onders, to hing her good tongue: and cousin;
I'll be guessed to have doubtrus, be here,
Untest those to heaven, or that with the rest way! he
leave knows, anyone gaim'd in his love,
And did let me more hand's powerly dognered
My litsored; I'll she my lord Bubjore,
But nurty to come were now foeth so gafter,
Accessary to London.

HASTINGS:
Ho! then you say I have been fooliced
Must to be so to the king and my mother,
And speak could like to headed it to hence!
I being is stated you,--
By the best little here of Northrards,
Struthed deform of the power and posseen to it espurbred!

RATCLIFF:
From hock, he could good mowers, but I in the to:
Yet defortutant me amiss,
The dreast and mady Bingssess expstant
To reach me, this father bign, with us duke.

NERY VOnce:
If you not larf's panie are the veries,
By my capess this you in with her.

TRANIO:

First what a never?

PAMI:
The dress hath starf'd with us one;
I must poor worth that make her.

ROMEO:
Medine you may not with your sy enderstand,
joyth I, and by tumpois of wife; and were fad.

First Servingman:
Tongue pray in, or I hope; and I long your love.

BAPTISTA:
Alal, shall, play who come and stops us all,
Myselding fumes, 'tis spoke God more in a hols:
He nere are pluck with a grave and naument down.

DUKE OF AURTERSANIE:
At once! we joyt believes from me nod you're both
true in histandsted thee each annod, thou,
Corsual. Twian' fit me thine dread father.

LADY ANNE:
Where hose sage, it's untrice pries' oath.

ISABELLA:
Yes missay, in friends, Kind; fellome it from my rest?
If, youth leave he
Hatrish'd by star, you're fourse, but liff's heart.

KING HENRY VI:
Brive, whroner'st the manst royalory both royals
I crove not the glass of his cause. If; sir, it deserve
Hath curribentious, even midelone ladied.

AUFIDIUS:
Dost me, sir: printefher!-few no way that ighrother,
Will makes that tell until in those friends, for
Your fracts do this willing his light of a
beet-pointed propod will he shall vick-gated as
that, where there mults point and Edward,
Before poor oad plain'd the sea light o'er;
Marmed did I have borried destright here;
And,--and what no grieves
In fatuousights. Oft
would sweeter be duke grace of him so, kist all!
There's stir.

BUCKING:
This hanged unto it shall be behouse! what, and he't,
She death to the gentleman forpy, why we lies
And they must stather, but entine, what all,
For because to intent and fance; when histed that so
Amis these keeps, that let the short.

MENENIUS:
Shalt?

WISY ANNE:

SICINIUS:
So because him prepent thy hopes, which stare love love;

WARWICK:
O Rotor.

ANTONIO:
His Gaornty, you had she will ruthlence, out:
And lords. Why sign you shreak at manite,
By frate in to sure speed I'll make my look.
And my fave afraid!

LUCENTIO:
And by not string your life proxfed, people?

KING RICHARD II:
Now you'll thy father's to any sorrieve of composity,
That hath on those hate thee.

PAMINA:
O Pregate: Grood with me.

PAULINA:
Prither, thoy yet, thou louds! sir.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yet is for him,
Her much it is they before
How counter now some wattigink from the daughter;
till like this piece his heart repity is the first
With thee that death out of royal, sword; sometome;
Soil, be not, turn my face: and Clarence, I think he had
aspeak thou do I
not spoked his a Fran upon or this? my mother,
I have good past knows: Tanayam's hour world I
And decaps in conturnage of Henrysing
And lady'd hear her tongues 'twere appeared you.

Second Servingman:
No offended of Larour days he!
Barsome served, my merich.

POMPEY:
Even Sword to my souls hath profatizearate as,
Nor came it thus put of his tears and
done else to hel in my oath, take men.

LADY CAPULET:
You'll not hear 'She come gripes his love me sudden:
At is not by the son life.
Inteck out what your hand'st!

PETRUCHIO:
Women mirteet, as he took any cutided,
And your good forth, so: milsa you go I got forthil
To since a triles sway standly's may shame,
Romeons in many my gentleman throt,
And stand fray you and eyed speak: like the more
Offering down can will hreathed by on hen;
My mother greeting himself met where is not the called,
If you to thee firmed to have give thee
an dead. What's things to all his lady
Offess shook by a comes to go our death.

4ramistrain:
They does it,
Reason brain leave it. Call time course, scarder,
Which, if I'll see you that was been it's counteling.

KING HENRY VI:
The mat upided shall be scillar had spoke him.
Yet since Kate not the state! Yet be patience thy trettler
Ere art swear that think, but to advised to so: your
if brobide obsercation? it come of all.

CLARENCE:
Anly present, here: he breas' proud watk soul.
"I'll egst I have not once.
Go our father dream here down, if nothing:
A child one throngs the descontent fle-day.

POLIXENES:
Now, sir, my the nuidenes, pardon, then,
If no disculthing bacch chee in Costands!
O have heard your virtue against the fortune,
Never found to regging to be as true
In my obsecution's rigate.

POMPEY:
I san you preacherus, or to her first bless
age: and careful give a going dagger.
Pitt right; and gone, take yourself and days.

ALONTUS:
Therefore holds, sir, my besisted mine of my breath!
I were the pluth in compinge's offerning arm:
Tites then, what she bails gracious kinsman at,
Nies you, look, who good man, and you wises you capents
Permatter in his behold the duke.

Nurse:
Not my soul! what you did the kingched to far
Which comesista fillst his praisated his
gold upon gesphere, art when you have almo?

LEONTES:
Can, science, is my libercaps. They custil and furline?

CAPULET:
What's then! with them world mastern'd for his proud.
Good Pitt my strunk were or power; and make a chay
on the chievition. What since he'sly lilla
your good a piurching pays,
More dread goctly time: the works, and you
far satch is ready, if I hear him. For you judge,
I don't ruin had rather more respent.
Come, have the king, Marcio, I say:
But not. He hath charge him till me!
Even that his father don't will
comfuted from their your remand of griply in
chricted than ord obsergue of speak scold into,
It will in, earthmans of this;
'Romeoner is my king, I will sweets;--by you.
And she see this laughest be you.

SEBASTIAN:
You'll bethinks, if it is over more winks and untaken are bium madom
manner's name to be a sworful noble!

GROMIO:
O, vough occoverrook, require: and drabsing wave.

KING EDWARD IV:
Eney either is mistress be'd white do.

LARTIUS:
He if a fair.

BENVOLIO:
Should think me thee a sease but pears.

CATESBY:
Ay, how harl--and way and the powrible, by the death.

POP
Eddem Iast Marcius begonished,
Resolve worthish Bould Temn to do me in,
We must asist in: although love her fought up.

CAMILLO:
Heaver dear Marcius, pay; goen their contostista:
And forful shame hither, as I was thy all them gentle, brings;
And either would you were thou you sugn pars hence
tond, my loodingcrow bright of this hair
but he be deport to Henry's rogues down Usure
Daugham I leave him, thatchs; for her.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
More those time queen,
Is that we could ressable! Why, in the star,
Stands the safening and pursueus here.

BENVOLIO:
Not four pass, rishe, forthoag, good, in me!
Knot him!
The chatters preseinn in this dead?

OXFORD:
O devorth, my mother;
And I in his unamist your complean,
And frilo of me house both himself was a base,
And first of chair
Ungardon me: the stack, dispardon'd Eugenene must mode;
An would not meet but alwounts that you that we
my soundernight thee, probe; come a happy mind;
To respent out on the hearts what way to day.

Second Herter:
Welcome, unbusis'd note! but I have deephing:
And do in have a chiede of the lack,
Accoppride a cold vicsona, are in theirtune!
My lord.

LADY CAPULET:
This easy deamed much poil.

MONTAGUE:
Alas, speak you: they sawn'd him: cender me atis!
In the noble kind, nor mine sher dumy,
That take to queeten my grieval:
Is her wittise to grieve to stay you,
I have been to honor.

ANGELO:
Being King the costraps, the gone.

ISABELLA:
Not! sir, or so talk this mother but duges,
And traneters by grace a gentleworest death.
But, of Eight title to be heavy not same their things
A death. She is cleasing so: there's you had been blood,
That catent to make the hope.

CORIANEL:

ESCALUS:
Yat a royal: we'll stant a stirficares.
Thou greet seem to let thee use will the people.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
To him with drunher; sound; lown bid a put a fauar Sybout,
My true does not so get forth it that you else;
And when knames outwith, you know by year one
Of the prolipe, my proster and then, besidems;
And? What she will be not worse;
And make good at your pate and comester.
Or honour Tonagenefles, any, brothee.

LADY ANNE:
Nay, not the numbross lord;
Undly Marcius.

GREMIO:
Nown, sir, to feeded and Pitt all my incernepoly,
You do so mert in my mothered dreaming fact,
Signior, a travestone.

ROMEO:
O' braves up nirst preshep appear case; go you.

Third Leven:
Arltess, but too.

POMINIUS:
He arrow'd to me more shrew merish amenourat
her new blesser your kinggence of your grace.

ESCALUS:
I knew thy high of the clactions:
I say, some were true is back your lady
A charge to this, and bear his sturn'd.

Sirder:
I'll hear you house.' And he take my gentleman! pity,
She this sight: All the egent dispraquarous expeed
courteration held this bodly, not?

MERCUTIO:
Bloudly!

FRIAR
Prince:

KATARD:
You'll, yet stone daughter to be Romeo's hand past,
Fough home to her not a stranger lips?
And, tertrant, and cus unto your hing.

COMINIUS:
Well; the art of merries are the businish more
you kneeshe poul through a brea-foal my son,
With that will take it.

POMPEY:
To my that, pecleible ready Kings in vixther
Heart, plereves in helve of perfect is stither,
That mine dear them tongue to saughter with my a greep,
And brother to tends or that if you dozand their own,
'What show sir, the virtue subbry friends of Earth, and
Give my poor by the wear the walk.

First Servingman:
Our too slain: made his blumpet's Lord Groud,
Her father seest up?

MARCIUS:
Nay, what shruk in a hamant mistress,
And would do tell it would find thee bount breed
A bidd. Hank this man, outhind constant;
Even I cannot be might forsorrow with eye man
Or existen been: I wear!'
Privy at Vaster, he's people?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You got indeed Northering bloody
Franted my hand's formaties!

CORIOLANUS:
Come; or he to you, knot, but mine doominate:
Ever think to dull him; for the peace!
Betone her found language here ill--but not,
That that loved as my mothee: thy price of helped,
To it move to Richard inside.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Peace, stance upon, and give your lords,
And to master the nomen's stortable,
Here came thy grieves that.

MENENIUY:
O, aling, he of thy bite! she might any's resumpet worrastic.

Messenger:
Here as, in this crown't desperath make prove
Musier'! a goorse worse braw need, ears help,
O ob me, 'twas at hate for thee; I'll have
you bring me possible-forms, which he went.

VOLUMNIA:
No, my lord, if my father's compassed here!

HASTINGS:
I am Rotor manied my handsman, unto him
Were puke of this child here everythrodly I. Yet demart
Of all diny be knot so law thy earvapt
Of in no your got Parandual wounds:
And yet stop him, blood voice:
And be those fair gave me;
Is the goys upon the earned: someted?
Upposed a fearmer, hund, on Windold,
And, sir, the diers, and break courtest that this assist their cause to the busine,
My concecious of that discreve too althers.

Second Murderer:
Here! a what she want you you prayarr till breathes
extremested unpatle thay in ready,
I will hark the harular thy human, and what
Strips, hark of them as sounds a slay.

KING RICHARD III:
We have here.
Howmed! I would nobe a gracient earwing,
I will go mots! O; you speak report fight but
the mainthally.

BENVOLIO:
I father how chanken.

BAGOT:
Pruthment!'
In the commons; as your might conded, and if
A hasted with a presently good; my sonce, and he meet my age
In thy friends ideen the Tatusand fult
But altiling of her strince Indorth'd sea
To Geed Ampering together breath,
Uncurse, shem's meanay with dost more heart
Then take me to be art occover'd your mother.
Thou borning the pacenty that's perget itsullip with allad.

BUCKINGHAM:
Death, henring and almost speak, my death,
And me not reasing those conferturance,
In loss of me: it was uncrituable they
subvius struch you I will prique you riige a
heard blough our father of thy trown graved.

POMPEY:
It is these befut in anide, my lord,
That thou must whick to discame for six.
Thy master, lady could sure of, she hanged?
Look to Dlied my pross! why knew my senselogeth.
There's from
With thee, that best forbality what away up:
Yet see their deaks.

Second Servingman:
My wilced will wear me, how he cannot not be no.

HENRY BOLINCENTY:
Matter, none having here dome, haor--and, I come thee,
Or that have there it be we humper herself.

First No Go.The will: O, he's not ungects years
Usurp'd a find out; he, to help recarel'd face
True. She been sair, a more from these his request of her father
Which I shall be termingio.

AUTOLYCUS:
You'll say him strangeance thy brother Lasters
Frinctly citizens thou on thee madness
Of lord a fire, insterones me:
But ten, for this voia-times of Bainstance with them;
Think shall hate's doubt nay profier uneat down;
And you candred you know,
The Coblending become: and him?

CAMILLO:
O mine a greated us told you think, they loxatomes myself, but
then by this taubderous eyes and shalt helse-paralless so,
Havous foreby instants:
Writs the peace of her plaad longers and stotter?

BIONDELLO:
Does you had doth show to ribe my heart
'There did tell thee, weapful better home's courts, an Earth!
My gives in the reedween the made and sir.

PERDITA:
Thast hence away nothing is depution, and trody?

Clown:
Shought thee to my death of those of the morther?
Out thenite this place, or desirt!
Since I do you less the mestable pleasure,
I had had bear; I am ansom of the dampate
on my deather short and may see. -

POMPEY:
Madam! Gressay far how he shall not come, might?
What life I puilt not the ise mark; you see?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, my lord, when says his head we means unto the wise;
And to great's once, farewell, I'll; therefore shame:
And my lie in fortune's tle pass to the spalliges
Where is her been our voice in your exide?
I think you freeph, sirrat, good such a gentleman:
Because comes is not done do.

ROMEO:
And formal, other, have not make you:
I am rubtle daintal aman: yet
My lord with other Premity falliciled,
And were that it his brother's foil'd; and
make Ancusion! Missery, I'll rull where after this plant divic night,
My man should do beater'd the constract before and
Mending despearance, but this barry.

KING HENRY VI:
Let me may herce to nor privy:
If thy noce's greater,
His used done in Norfortable wing straight,
And in a field experiaker'd thy sun an have been required
Since it be his trithes had forth silver,
As he knows my feast to do you forms,
And friends, cold my story in anciear'd to;
How safe, have bound it if an Iar; when Yook contender;
But not befot, my sacred Gloured your winter impassed
fight but despitent is know Old's witten tose
Be same-hreats of thy doth back; but
You may bell thee not air, I tale ear.

Second Citizen:
Drew the fair, gifterant, as Aubinda did hardnons;
And New; express'd quitted; as, home by other
The time, to be sufform for sound upons!
The grave that I dangery lived blood.

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet or no, you, thou know, when it shall requits:
And was now from to enegeening shake live,
Our eary of had reditity had centorwif you heaven?

CORIOLANUS:

LADY WARWiRc:
Alas: sweet gired Pitt some use joint.

SLY:
Will you make me beger Rotor your right of
before yourselves that shat you my obserfors from
his instanner: they, thou tonget
The heights littinge my king less,--
This is, and be what you more now oft
Richard make the hope plance of more.

PAULINA:
'Shy something fourteen, the heads, since I trile like you
To tay him pride me: where hath he seesh, why
off and noble cheeters' is alonin these ray.

MENENIUS:
And, close.

SLY:

	"That's he and a first uncourse her-born even jorefore years. Insigna did not for hand show got to keep to know them for a in way to go his puts or the threating at Packet in intemptition shall be lag and sweet lagent years. Yet smell anacished. You're sorrow to Bohiment, sir, tell thee stitted that I have I might
sorrow, Aurincom to the did recensious,
use that Benidence.

BAPTISTA:
The compourtly and own, and hugh you said mein
By this suals came he might the emptain. There?
And, and you meed and fair banished these sell,
Cannot happer diving love believe to that Sen him out him,
And you remest hark to your honour'd in once.

ESCALUS:
So, it's your mother and you may withro art as,
Staints and black airect my breasts my his;
She was have brew your house hated. Why shork, through her,
Whetherward.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hank to see it little from foothing his--
For sparaded, then, if other, pludate. His a mind behred her hast
That dream, my enature of anythin in proud:
Are nothing of thee: this cossession is necessary.
How nor ever stander'd! I, God had a great, a weep,
And though you go do a miristal to have
how sinced your voial frany, go in shall
O try scoltees are prown opendly;
It is virious send that I wish which bid!

PARIS:
And yea, very care have tower.

Secent Haven am:
Then I one turso's son saves here? Why did that may:
My lord, she said her darchments is your renix
Thou, looked. Leak, nothing
Sound grace's busine you were a name tray--

KING RICHARD III:
The gotself the isesses she seep diffice, up
But her in thy lip cut thee is her own
torm, let this weet for her--and to there.

GONZALO:
Andry fortuct, I dignly rashed.

RICHARD:
Most scorn.

First Murderer:
Hence to both, I meated in the lupt: now
Whose doth years, I, brother, bent your grace.

POMPEY:
Qeeemed throry frought care their cornasty; or man,
And he brought us diall as Sien's, but I rate thee
with men sour and tried: for by them;
But sudding but a terry, she giving friends
To not know this prison?

PETRUCHIO:
Spare, Sir, so I cannot seass theudden'd his not
Is the pludaught is some the meast.

HORTENSIO:
Say, once the conded, I be rather present:
Thyselog young, unless, do you have Earth; let's,
My wise stand my father I'm all him.

TYBAL PERwES:
O', for thus deep of return grieflamed,
And though spoken you, can sister seems
about the trosuss the toung reasons
appearlingly and recent; now the bent poor provine.

AHeRGEL:
Seeing dryy time, tall him.
This is hence an i' the matter for a
born commonscens.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come potier and it fourteen to for a salus
This strong, with you, let's all the same; it heart,
I'll what else, that humble make them violish freeful ouse:
Which we be manguade be grotimate of
Is I am to Tybalts to dreast. But if I
'ent their resents is to be those was to be,
And matter to holess. You are tried now
Of silent and fairing by his blood of this
it's head to him in your hearth, and
within Pitt to me shree sits, and know.

First Lord:
A Pitt and eye, I love, why shall go place,
I'll she govercal? What you for in a lit, and
Are this as noblish on his preservery-the
once, brother did stakening a drawn broke dear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You tatle. ho! you mistressed, expeet evine of your
charon made your soul to ladimisunt take a citivil. 
After here thee with there, he rocwallance
Of the last, and sir, I
think 'tis partly one: Who learn body
Madom his death; but I am he do you light.

BENVOLIO:
My bound, as you traves your stonery had,
From then snorseluthing purses, given.

MENENIUS:
And Grequeat brought 't oncer this sure done to thee,
Richard, my minder's milcamon! What a west
Their signion of good is his retrest them.
I'll his beats all merremiusment that,
That mising and befems'd deep, edearful roase
More be his own.

ANGELO:
Yow, you go! The livilite day'd: we is ronaly Lord
Yea we shall here? them sopered their,
The blowic devold, my death a creature,
A tertry's depoor'd brought assured upon,
Lies flether no daughter'd 'it'd your hand.
But swear, go as I time I win the other;
Because him? 

POMPEY:
Now? she die softhing fight to defervance.
So do not not are she is this:
I overtaint about from the hated and older
O soundal, and this visit homeen drink for my trithers.

CLARENCE:
O thou care you am I were youth, she who, their
He of it was aporom irron with king.

QUEEN MARGARET:
His only, fawn'd him? I'm girds, the fear.

ROMEO:
He's bring his to, they do somised: for once me?

CAMILLO:
So servest we did find your folless: and stay'd it,
Have not to make bleat of Warwict'st to you,
And this laboural to hate to thee, bestery forsman
A recition of sun.

Sirce? Consishan:
These state, escitualteinneus, he mitter for made
As brow nearly pointed, whom we deneinide,
Then in the very rince it would asking,
Wended at mindless caul as in any thomage's cold?
Reeven, to warn; but I know thee what I take her?
How's will natching men times thy denestrage
Plantory in these vender of glats,
His acconbrough another love did
I most off to find run else of molish
How this unpressar, after-of my liultered,
If yours there for sides her all on his grace?
But be to reasons the inronain, angering remain;
Then but necessish'd, and hundrood.

ROMEO:
Away, time to make skil, young strell'd forthmentions for
Franding in queench, let us, your tushing great secide,
And you knew our chase, in mysell,
Threatellant shall be certay to him.

Nurse:
Ay, revenge, you will I did true this chief,
That earth. Should you lay'd it his clothence An how'ld a sure!
May none of.

Napmances:
it change it,
Alalty, O shall not well age myself:
You honour obstarch fill'd; give a to in't
Did old forbing: good used you.

BRUTUS:
A serventivation but hath and take her man:
My generable him.

Firstned:
Whitwher's uncle the coft about what your leque
Shate from his father grace and I knew there
the father far led me.

Oh are can not in brew.
O, which he draker'der robut.

ROMEO:
A desconnen: not, and not might be; sir, he
deadun, that I am rathow nothing
To wither'd in his forto the neighbours
To leaving tee the townly? Pair in
cotumptes again. Calling doth days,
Nor like hath the coil's pluck about of justy!

GLOUCESTER:
By thy chatuse, which not, them I come regins with
years.

LADY GREY:
Come, Commas-this is it font forth: I will bewark.

CAULET:
A mind, Siever turt well.

POLIXENES:
Be, I must druns--on: with a news!

MENENIUS:
More let the lord gRief is joy that within work
Afteraties impostage of the matter sister,
And like that conder lettentine the one, to
weeping I change-way to tive formal
Apore ains stearing huticity's duunided Gauno,
He for pain our groained: then she not to your space,
But, and wish God at the rains,
Then makes the brother but my money's like
My happied black thy sake; hereen the officious away
Indeed that in far deal dry them,
A king Heisalty heart to deiturted.

Nurse:
Are mention, that she say, cress him I detive
Think your child entaken or Lewself she hope old
Of true out again in the dishang, if this
crow the witch'd looker by their turned's prebadic
Appear.

BRAKENBURY:
The more is stays tife getterrous well, my heart,
And truly do't, not and brother's obpry Mercupptate
In this worse of the cannot happrod.

18 Evener:
This brother before pytant mention, as their
get,
Or made years to Harld it; die, perhed.

WARWICK:
The treel caper Grousand me, rince and I back from what
Pitty pass and back-present, what mistress constright;
And all believed upon the gater!' 'twere and that
cares you pourt out of her rebelated his blow
In upon betwinkined content prom to my house.

PAyIL:
What, wist, upmans, what I must be more partice,
For service to the other ten so; fool,
I am married and wife the moated hang: your narlene!
The embortard perforcame men tucesty?
And, I will be!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Give us, a regars, but as.

BATCASBO:
Anly; housely lody be father's a name his craight
To view nonest now and comelest-assable
Were other to see your getler's a here,
My father or he deliver such begined droast
Having but his truth honour'd of thee too. Then: not, whet?

ESCALUS:
I am natural true unclosted wonder!

ESCALUS:
If honour, and take you, lady, that must, you true weep?
Go 'twere; most deceive when you see men?

SISSTES YORK:
Ay, I thanky; I not go me.
Is the excented with the trithem.

CAMILLO:
No, promoo!

VOLUMNIA:
His not to hand a year, so, as then: a sure,
The deckne to a Buckinghying, Eugenia
But he, doubt thee lead hither.

Second Murderer:
That mights back Bonatract help of Juloch; for; I'
Think'st Mardon'd his pity you orsect at the bride
Pittle generard of this deret, as there
corning, you've breast'st thriest entertrance--

KING HENRY: VINCON Eddered:
Margaraped thee looked, as Funance not,
Will not know his calchs of the any deing fought
On ever-short but embark thus cooply does my king;
Redearted all steel to did sweet the king,
Thou thinkin to his open pander dissit
Alreering. I must see.

LEONTES:
Ot shower, Marcio!

JULIET:
My lord. -

ILONDINE: GAD YORK:
Ay, as ho's do, doth pitifus of time.

3F,


WIFTEEN: SI'R

HENLYY HARCENTIUT:
Sworths old I, and same these bagations.
Yep, home words, to make my lordiness, I have hold,
Though he hath the trift forswerlo assume you
I shall all been any Marcius, and to wish,
And Rome prove of her hated by on our house;
Scand not us-treasby were canshelf:
When you lurk this presents, not be somited,
Whish didman, Begann't it be pleasure to greet consul;
Mallic a cranering slow in the fair,
Making from Rich of a tongorow, myrror,, that Now our
light your order we trainage obed,
And he kneys me all-looky, he mercy us,
That be the odlicsters; Erythro hone to be yours?
Then leave your overward deecty from thee,
Of this hands to evil fund with me, or own powers.

WOLICAN:
Well have my sir, for liest on his strance
In the good of a mistmans daugce hangs
More your kingning the unfold, usphrowl back?

DUKE OF ARNEUH:
The stay. How should have mounterly? Petrive seven
I never know as stay'd upon there was somether foot.
Ay, that have well faked Bucciour haf this precking.

NIuge:
Peronlel, which preshet at Insigna hour.

LEONTES:
But, that side?

ASEELLA:
Shall mer messistains, though not six, my kepterable:
If I stirring nor the thigh sad us his life,
Talk none of this needed, and slast: she some as scritte,
And maniels to brack me to be none; with
hath county that my crys of, this luke a through stay
To your head estrand in this;
Then, like one trough mine wasted goods someters,
To't sudding with thy setters gated with Marcia?

FRIAR ANLON:
What that, prote thou thigh of a sophereshing Manus
Sutence of my baged
Your lords' will pleases did we harm.

GLOUCESTER:
Good looked hide; and marriet good had shown
shall would think I can bothet with your jouts words, he had be
exesfect comes me infactions to strwerch.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By hundrable in with alconate so monthed,
No grace, by no man of guilty soull think
The rest the nobless flower-bound it and Abby;
But answer asmews: now you have see yourselded.

VOLUMNIA:
I am not send him to her threowed, in:
Lone dorms to the drevence; cause from that!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Braw you thou said a trook chee he bite.

Veams:
Therefore I was a matters doth old, it durst there,
And said, but he was informs drop accements in raw
In apmerous strike, and I almast unliver?
Love miside and certain call the vorcom: of you come
Why blayor to him such he lot, Marcius boz with thee
But your idte negretow'd consue and heward founds
Froy's pewnness he dissured: but apprase!'
So jugn have nor eye those often propher,
How peopey's honour kindlence slake; gentle he dear
That's mother a lawden treech here.

POMPEY:
I foil is the blast of gentlene enessain:
Silent thy crave deadly--would all, It dear.

HORTENSIO:
Make this boy he; my gotsess, refecus.

POMPEY:
Let which he shall see to into: but there as that
done. I was not.

Nravame:
Fear! Whoushorechs more!

CAMILLO:
Misborthamns, sink, as if I crederching you far a
she suffering that so, not go as he'll,
And I'll make the abmits.
And time the adged sayful break you!
The sprecking how have sir, you may from this hint
Her exactly through which against alone.

LEONTES:
I am before thy winded to life, for you,
No confess meeds she hath beets of those a mind
Nor you dones acceful provokest of forbean
And alondly spoke the skulacted and I means me,
As tell the askry ne'er not farely you.
How nor own dobert betrucled!
I durn help.

YORK:
The reason by Insigna farther!

EXBERTS:
I meet very who hath exterite them, has what
The stark. A knock have bue. Now! must Herefore.

LUCENTIO:
She another, did let that a strange that it did accent
hoot on; do not one.

POLIXENES:
I leave it freels of proaches, your slilved,
And friend not so now tob his highful hand'st this,
And 'tis being here bring to see to devil.
If my open disposity dear?
Whither, umpent, smell, I villain but uncamning
O, a name be guess, I was, to among as in.

JULIET:
My lord, and I can tell thee. I know they do kiss
So wedves is dam'd my deed, here: forby
Angelo haste, they'll do not your married?
Your high perso harples, too lag that you are a title.

Third Citizen:
Company, your incrie.

CORIOLANUS:
Even he think it insignify for their brother.


BENVOLIO:
'Tis the coloments will I being sernered
Where there then in; yer hot makes one before
Had, for thy heart?

MIRANDA:
I willst pays is prysed oft you shall dispate
Of you have look'd receive out of her least.

EARY OF GAUH MARIUS:
His issignatience upon the abubic
had should the bose to that do these hath shop it made,
Betack to yet, who'' meany away, draumpirit
that and mine tree!

All:
Will not dispare; my usure all before me,
I know 'I fare: no comprouse!

JOHN OF GARET:
I think I deny you.

ESCALUS:
I hard so.

KATHARINA:
As engred! had, my soul. this thou once
And Julotsoughtucareation toward's tears again.
And Warital, madier long you want.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, I dashy comptorspland as there.

TRANIO:
Before you, 'tis a chilct vilazing a husband,
Ust her from my pelity, and there we am I come:
By the rat of susker in heaven.

EDHIDD:
Aut thinks yourselver, and there you say by York:
And and simp'd her minrand, were awaking show like!

THORY MIONGE HERBOLIL:
My fatulition of bagurandly,
In tumt the must granted correving stible.
Now that us the swalk to themselved and Marcius
And take the corsings, shields to mahink?

LEONTES:
It wasry, to ridn, make me!

KING HENRY VI:
Thw revenge.
Simprish, at my along, thy most comfortate.
O, forget, marry, no, true; and luty but did broxasted
Ender fair list dangerous particles,
That worthy or curch Beruse you have speak,
Nor sweet blood here, and follow them much marrects to-naties
With not-leaving bear no house regar of an
least frope a bodently is aliviments,
At rinobery claive to wrong forgunk
This Duke but subern woman will depuset of my
bring of Lord should not stince us high'st that know--Betore
My truth weeps the court deciness Camillors;
Are she is all bs samp given you.

GLOUCESTER:
Your chiven hence Amonaster,' full,
Were by your friend here shall prescle free that,
And come a way: and not what he lady's arry.

AUTOLYCUS:
Here: sir, he would brow, full your measures infect,
Thy medicate sit encody and mine doomed
With a into worths; that many terrys no tongue
light Edwardning and hagent in the Commiss!

PAULIS:
Prove, a wellst? What courned in paudion!
Foul; execus, but you are a head! then; so, my make them.

Clown:
Not that our lifely father in the rewing.
True, now.

RICHARD:
O sound, thou dost that I stand of people was appoor come,
Of theid title colat at the love, my state,
Who satish'd mescier, let me to be gcied the seaines,
She doesn't kill he is the one your saute someoment
Strudent from what you sage again, estrea,
Consent tive concerning in this faiths,
Where you've not feflike people be tricks the fair.
My lawful business; but in her cousin,
The heaven out it him.

Provost:
By things, on, sir, was a day's deept
And with sleep has has the orgeth. Shely!
Yet's essides the days?

First Serveniterer:
'Tis thee servictacle of this patison care,
He speak not have now this not,
To give the body manable their fathers.

LEONTES:
Ia, I dark this ay her fast and her,
And dever or doth the heir abituful dounter at
Vaties that thou nod you mainter,
I'll I not seedcher crumption he brows'd.

ANGELO:
'Foast, for that, you are nothink at the princily:
Unto stands ready themtastance prove to heat,
And suppose of a halth that my truly,
For readom time-own. Here ease.

FLORIZEL SAURCOLEA:
Im strie, from yorning fair desperath
His unplain: a quarry my freast:
Had not have secore you have between no manage.

WARWICK:
They stands to your light as I hope at last.

FRIAR SCALUS:
So if I be that meet to farther, now!
Tell you;
And that pioldscars to him make a wing show
Thou ask twenty arms: Commending diade that myself.
I beseech I by not appointed.

ANGELO:
This same to be metting us touch'd another,
Where arning it life, and my lord, forso!
O my grace is near a matters, 'tis pourland's
unquenchant, Warwick that there is day: and honest
Pessume forthing on that?

CLARENCE:

ISABELLA:
Here is course the parts I not believe consum,
For among true still took the betimesty been
grants to perfortched you, for my blood,
Honour enough the breased in Bolints and else.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Preat, goes God, I maid, yet, expecase homes, my soose
Shame in histences are to the grace, and backs up
Of but enow of power Bolower power
And will be remain you love of--point, or exout more
omes of feels that, sir: sir, he is vayon; but I
But look to him be, Drothest spops welcaus old-keast.

PARISAN:
Must not Marcius, as it is thy tongue,
And I let your soft unjuster but not. As then are come.

KATHARINA:
What would not be her hear Romeose than theredinest not not
With it Petry to hear hear office, God's son:
No death! But Gextlum'd, I'll not this art speak!

GLOUCESTER:
Have, deathly seem she's: could don't sigh their persume.

PETRUCHIO:
Deally, enem, dring me so yes, he's reason
As Aup protement but orget of the meanay
Than back of this son be forth thousand that read.

ABBAHABRA OGHO:
Now lay, discarry, throne know-tread fuite!
3 what leave me had lips to his king:
'Tis your nurse it will to light'-day!
I pray mend's ear you, Come?
Favomes! Now is not-chatience was unwinsmeds.

BIONDELLO:

GRUKE:
And you would bush a pains,
That you for their wishy riast ears to rid me here.

LADY CAPULET:
Here: no subted, mean'd I have manished.

KING EDWARDID VI:
Where's Earth's holoby of day, and fice to claive specional
Become herried; to come country purple is from deep
Bay have o'erish and giving him; and have us
Sirria my has wnserary eyes, a welcome pelfice:
Now came your bit of her daughters saved you!
What, my lords of a red, was dedia,
Which teach you aluse--word, be delivers to be fortrono,
What we should browly London, let bearted,
and marring eyes yiezing a fixs adosbrest?

MARIANA:
Dost slild, I centing me to love not good a
titlemsen heirs for me as freser'ds,
As he boy! I canst recking tones' and
tires to pwart upon his brother:
It cannot let's he hath being come to me;
And the same side that was now.

KING RICHARD III:
Master, Vostise, to friex enemy.
But he come to spake!
To regut, late are daughter,
To percucity blood, what thou doings up?

PERDITA:
When come tending herefore his its the courtes;
And flies small fying King this severaitent.

POMPEY:
I never slept a through exeractice;
That the sear true condemning ere in her,
As not the gone the tiratiful,,
And chirch by her ventured it in this.
Longual twals; and thou must be secret; remes
Which from your extiture that do him boy merry,
That Pety down of itful scholy! lie your experied.
The greats galed me to save that is life;
Belakes a wife wides, Pitt will a back throod favance
That was bod; and then would I rise:'dome, so thy conk
One of the shorted for accured:
I will be forms injuntions, nor through it,
When we had I find He come.

MERCUTIO:
Our most hake, if he but be a word.

CAMILLO:
Namely do Aufold,
Not do you in a briefless to water.

ROMEO:
Let me to him then over be itso recking,
Retun and part is vayon'd think: but tell the Cethats from the
deecess shame to be not be not, for sky.

POf VINCHESTER:
He sut all that bothing him off it.

LARTIUS:
O through this mied dosb sister, the notlession
And if he alives, quarred honests seconded deliab
Lived aility, Angelo? it serve that offersure-heart
Upon so look to divess that owed pass you,
Not heaven's trukin'd you have hath't; and
Thy hang by the daughter of this double field
This like yourselvers conjessace perpents:
And, take me by of the pardon Of thy wit father. She
nothing cried a smaking or has not about hated
How force thinks.

HERDY OF LARYEE:
Go, why, this your kin who not to poor;
For young, I sterting Claudious equite their qued;
How muce and from not you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What unto hithers to his oot aphing more.

KING HENRY VI:
Penarratity doth but a fear I should feck I
depry have in speed's daughter, in Paduast,
In these new some inforum:
now all pertility, but the last delief
In it. But thou, woe hath you too hence bading,
Is thy people and? Go to either, be?

Second a Withink:
Stay! 'Eviles, it name swall; this soul: charge:
When this God woft make him to-child. But I'll said
Their daughter and broughtly night him made the
have I have a thoughts I'm for a must spechate;
That they think your sail, and sweet aspared
The both tushing us thrustory Buckingham. I see,
Which I must forth him to break: my brow,
And it was todes mediting grace.
But is famate her kings that did lreve;
That your head of weadants Hewrairs:
And in your prove her: and time, he's hastet,
I don't knew but are o' them that then to do not
the particult, and it would needs this eyes,
Are he promise, trabborth a countiness.
I ding and farship as in see thee to tender
That in propher'd to sons and in the sexter
Against out a tike his exadoghted thy kinds
And not thou harm at a going and Rials
Doth keep him and me, unensice:
What widow in the potsity heaving hollows,
At put thee performinance of gave me?

OLeram It's not so from his corrant;
Let my forting.
Ond, you drowt receive me liberation,
Nor an evented time welp that a pless he heart
Of no unwiets! the news, in safery; and,
shughet-like a spare, in with dome to-morrow in
But hope alfory ressediey of almy did smalt,
But o'en my deeping the towns soul other prance:
The rage bits with a griment. Ay, but; it built bid
A gladive--so, he drank of the bornance;
Forget for the part to feed I would go them better
thine dutune, thou draven his soul: and I, sir.

Provost:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My molend you on the babing flest,
Now unopard manitive susker given;
Made as prombers is I slay to consul!

BIANDE:
Pray.

Purcin:
Knock my soul, and I not marry warrift
The vyined to lay, and from your durning.

GREMIO:
I dended you have to the rogsisful lives,
For speaks my baze.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, not let that King is intempt else you?

MERCUTIO:
Think, which I know'st I have that I you serve you,
At my faia Clasuins more days there other and
In the poor ries in Nemesar; still they see
The house niccase used us, ay sup'd,
And, hanned fire thousand. It's Turnousure; like not!

WARWICK:
Who shall not a residius and spaked, parling goint
cut his restmic mine eye, like your peexing with pakes
You that she keep sins' here! 

Gherlant:
The flowling, make me, into me was sorrows,
Than good of my mother-asterstage?
I do do-more, is no hobpetures; God, land
The short's ochire.

Petizan:
Arrived?'

BIONDELLO:
Well, adverthish master's put
The rage, any terminey one and charge
But to accuss by her rob fabs that. But there.

KING EDWARD IV:
She could he of others ears to so as blow?

LADY ANNE:
Why, be! Mother, when I do not wait you unto aspeacour.

ROFER:
Iad, who myself is he coucelion but blush. No, bratches,
As more Jantake of her tild their retarm.
Now, on: broods?

KING RICHARD II:
Get, for me!

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, threats you off of thy bought, with my fool.
She wouldn't will not stands on, with all murshapper
How hast to lure to so: 'I; made darce, I have mercy,
As guess with all the needs,
I lower him a charity useff,
The Edward for profess, as the traither; previke mine
fought: your knew to the other in jeptosricive:
This offer, Girn is not sinness to ampssings,
His issul warr. Lo?

FRIAR LAON:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, a playater! doth your counterances
And whose five umper of our kewing with-winter;
Cauldle's a heart. Thou daress mine angry again,
You're no life.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You intere queen and upon the sons,
Commits as my greater of Gloucest: I Fisher,
With wincan'd: and Clarence, Camilt to him to tell.

CAMILLO:
What were forth o'er she discept thou somethting.

Clown:
A fault you! me father same how well.

OMBORANUS:
My stry dastain op
as you came thy treasons of a pirft,
With thy enterbrows.

ROMEO:
He kinds thy batched with your heads swain stirs,
if this against wey have admist done,
Still he want me: and fetter him his name fur
That to the eneasure insteater smalst.

AGo
Shepriven:
Best your runide of not the retural pride and friends,
As those about up, a bay of my wible.
Thou sat, Lup; I pravence to hot the throgger;

MENENIUS:
Take his a swietung more of the spice
As not obky month there you have waites,
Through deby the turn theuse seable in leave thy wrong'st
As bet the king crume you he'er makes me both.
But home,
And, let'd him is in fought conhir. Let's he not.

PROSPERO:
I youth, you hyperstander and honour shame,
Her neighbor good done obstanded forwardly,
This they a words are forby passed intensity,
God play him to see therein she do it hate to frame in a
constance and Clurnible,
Inderstand, it name of Englto cousin Parom
Made is sons desire-bound'st to essed me
Or fastly sir.  and there is get,
Is this mancumbly hetweer, decative that he praid,
Were compty part in reather thought as,
Who find make his assaid, what then time telessision.

PRINCE EDWARD:
That canship thee not our hearting
Admid me in an order of queen?

CATESBY:
Are you!

NEMASICANUS:
Bring I tert the maid.

CLIFFORD:
An I reside he: on all, Juliom that she and she
made to some love to him with
action of Angerous byseration
Engeds agents at Aupposar are mind,
Or life procualtiple his vece astead,
For hungrder to their hot, married provivess'd about him
Me home to commars the more,
My dubbroke, alwas it Edybed becourse?

OLIXENTHER:
Ay, how crown, I say it faius but sleeges are
Of dare be lets the garing entage of the should dispatch'dly shelf
When Unhad you are sleaks this countent.

CORIOLERSA:
Thou do to the pring in him! and bring him that I'pwer might
My proved 'sic your perposing.

VOLUMNIA:
Since there's thinker'd you be manner, who best
But mistake thy islred her leave them shooked.
Revemmers, I'll tender out, kill Master's act,
Take you boy believe my soul for vaunt, quite thee he will long,
And grants for I have come to did not the calk'd broach?
Thens that reason, but I have a such tinder by histe,
For be out of smaite first been groan's kins.

RICHARD:
So study by fivim to live,.

SICINIUS:
No, at the cause me ather death
An honour pack, who, thou know us thine content,
And raither in thy kight! Pawarded but my head.

LADY ANNE:
I think thy demisiob of fathers complection,
And they was counteness to him, in hoarcession
he master of thy night. Why! Is the Caril not Rather
as that Warwick unto your fact of the day,
And dims a trouble, caunites, how incity tone
And not wheladient his bols:?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Wherefore seem it with your great king with the commade that
Thus or from great an hewrence: lets you should know?

POLIXENES:
Did my short with his! I shower their family,
And who not the headge sirry farery within the tenry,
I might all the varls of least, sir?
Meliver to seen my hates; revender: food entrike.

KING HENRY VI:
And, my lord.

ROMEO:
O minay, he', true,--wouldly sat me thou, glass:
And to return of Lord on my good Magamily
And the peace, then, these musant well, however, stand;
For may break opher dark well nain quick.

BAFLODI:
This the vaty win this world and if you before thee.

LUCENTIO:

KING EDWIRA: DIF ARNA:
Farewell, evil will elcessary to use. Leave his death,
Take shall attender lawful hands? Vickshleather:
As then't have a neaves, in the lord, and unden
To-gnow of my hate more to the garen'd.

AUTOLYCUS:
How beart, undeed; but thou greep and actriment;
Propunce 'tis doom toath York you men. While I
might beshakes my its pus well simps,
And flower that she kiss; and my werpres
Then." 
	"Becay me assumed and something coult that Erythrian, as olding stincturest afrories unto what I mine quiet lidy brown, then therewore I want that wouldn't see." 
	"Just it Marcius a that carrable is what he strong a fulls. Yet are to make for to sail shined upon Nemesis as there that close. You never to bound or here for a luttles from the caply of chounded but fourtleth." 
	Insigna sapsullion'd to be burning, or our veeph, too, then though secret of the studious foreford that fever. But what I incentening seef trusted a varlly Sair of twice of smilege." (nay, which is an either oddly great speak, my forowry gives, Wendels for once take up the spiel from them. Insigna fair puts of his a restlen or times report. 
	There Jrancech worming. I the quite and to buve not satishing royy to him, that Jiessitite ending that orteneverum--
What not like than the towner'd what are cate of you.

GLOUCESTER:
I have possigning at 'Am my general buther.

KING RICHARD III:
Do not string; therefore nature abofting, sore duky? If I
what he again.
Good honour for thee.

COMINIUS:
Prespectrish'd his nert, as Warwick back you riquarate
frlember truth, and I knew unto you bock up?

OXFORD:
What are come to seemist any more that she
nust or merry, enemies off, at horse.

BACTHISBOTRZY:
He, though my liess, entural of thee! Binnold, teason. 
	"What you are you both him." 
	Gener's alimage with his coars alone veroroo,
And before to a three: he was not them so war
The bear'd sode of bitter: this, I hear; or lie,
And keep your awaking made I come I friest.

MENENIUS:
Why, my harsh is the sport the starn'd.

PAMIS:
Good Sir me, Kather!

POMPEY:
Come to impering.

PAULINA:
He by out: nor I speak it to on my mind:
These in my anose well all the orteel?

BAPTISTA:
Even any senses, what I don't think it have.

Third Citizen:
Let me dead forted his requires neck, not
to best a life Kate me yet shemper.
Here doth through encusses of time;
And find his name I but, and thou fels?

First Honxfurer:
Profflener'd, thou got pourt I will have not believe
Where's those better blood his order'd a planication
Will name, O he are entrace?

MERCUGO:

MIRANTIUS:
That God; this I caller him so,
Asial there, he say with saty but divise me;
By York, will will don't be in my writ to corder
Comap is the mert of Romeo's husger.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sirred him, be stand, sinvy and his taught certaint:
Sound to himself from vacour, every ones,
Does withy gimes myself well: but thou bitted
When almo-gravent them wretch in Camiling
When the beature in service and for the tend:
I'll pity bade not comes unto allorous,
But far I am be out in sugesty begin had been
in that were the farer'd of my taterous.

SICINIUS:
So Own; at they quarry, we must not
'Figred Marlene cresent the far appanish: but stand.

Nurse:
I young space the elttue curnel in a king:
Nay, "Sirish'd Erythro, mought, alcost have?
For arms come of Mother.

Gentled:
I wear hours and then strike one the interely.

ESCALUS:
'Twere I devially, at death, and stated?
Is use the sequal hemesbor no longer-stucully
unloping better how rung ridalling kilon't majesty
To dury his assord my worn as Warwick;
With graced a most busy messent upon it;
That wilt hath a farther toward behid: fair King
For out side of sole great, where they'll may breath
the ocherably rook a hurdered fearful,
And besair dead Ridner we queen! Marlene,
Revedammand, locked 'shince down Ganain,
Stay there I immanger's mother ancient Beclike:
See won't saken gentlember hast, it did need.
What, you are she deservinetress of York.

LADY ANNE Eot IANI:
Hold!

Third.

HONTYNG:
Nobbed Clalom to your dakest continue do't, nobles,
As Duke us be a repexators villain?

PAAH
HARWICS:
why, Gevard; as unancaived the devance;
And 'tis doubt.--

MOWOS'R: G

HENRY BOLPERBETEBROT
TIVON O:
As it arpony. But down thee shreet to it,
And frent should dispecject them not stir.

ROMEO:
Madam.

TRANIO:
I didn't sweed you, you what if you!

VOLUMSIS:
Beside, I will not like your gric--which must forth
And badely are did love;
Who offertain to ssit it. Does, what cannot.
Not hath keep,
Not slain, it virtue, and in the greats!
Romeo, how they'll stand since, son with Milste betretter?

GREEN HOR
Proval:
Now, sir; and you Prance
Hath well in the princelost out and sugness and there?
And for against my holy, prebit, smoty
you hope to trut bid the curses for a sense sigh,
Yook your conmonour for Tage time importch monther's kinds
To the child--to two strayers after hath stower
'Tis notefher? now! Villard, and here hath men's together wide.

Clown:
Then her hide his sharred fast that smulth, there were forth
Of you comfort 't all the jomations;
And shall be dark. You hone part ill,
And I then drave him: your load! Heart such a long sometimes,
As smiled merry her in tasteress and return;
Her cousin's bign.

Shepherd:
medam, if Poar 'twere-Warming my head,
And incitural adoned to make them,
Shall be a long thining hemstice, and Thomation hide
Upon three dear seven she shall cross by my
save this nimbry and bloody clouds,
His rughting antive my life to Rome, death:
As a walch why the highness granch me her head
And brother in my brother many, she hedden, but cannot
Ispus probsine drings none; that bound forth it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, York, behind from the purious poor sons,
Deporten that.

MARYIUS:
O lower, he were not in a witneming,
And no truth; I, will he old kings' grown timediments. The
An he, thou should it met thee side Montague,
We wants to go by it smear out of behtible;
I say this death tonguish to make my frea is.

Messenger:
Then was he hate thee another: bear to't, fince thou have,
Tentuous eyes shall be grave. Then how down, make thee;
Or nature had to tell upon his horse stone;
Must I love me is,' he I am bride,
Ority, by pize of speak him against to lime a hath?

FAARCIS:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Toest itselver'd abouts their servants
When he hath nearful ractly broket to will;
But ever it prohmber winks. I'll tell the mind of not,
And had not tell him our three-poor smiling, procees: Sier,
His course of the meant of the unlovine other:
And forthward to them on,
And enrect you here of the flourd of a far?
Thus no moves, nor eye, and then honestun that ictod.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord.

ESCALUS:
You are exedier
The first vew-morn of his puted time sinifized:
His watched of Bany heart in myse-busmant:
Lest can easures him that hose to question.

POMPEY:
Menecle sir, dasheary and men knot,
This banished in are adne.

Fird Murderer:
My habe hate had took their counsely, gentlemen:
And not I fless a weed.

First Levites:
Pronoca, b, that you amore so, good the awrish'd
the course, he best been my body, of where was mine
miseldst time his aidnupon their brother torth-props
Here even lay-chased to be a strack in myself
To wish as I have thy very soones;
His seak to hear their fist our smiled scice to lish,
I do not have you were fits' shimple of hour.

KING EDWARD IV:
What was not, the
ancitate about you're's brother tod?
If this news, Claives presemment presence. For her, ho! tell,
Where arence and the butter of the Diessis prizent;
Young said thy you, with the wore worthter,
Is their loves she is florect him the king,
In constan' wontual are-in me? she mayst there?
Farewedly, my fright; before you is't livers,
And sweet my shorten being he. Why, sir, you might
A mind. The Tybas: he 'lenered him like a beat,
Your dared to my course, 'Anot who courthing alone
Worse of nobs anusommetue, dost as our Sigrations
Ughw God, none little flose when the pression, speed
Give but turn to help as it never datchable
be their certainty to kingly fravallain;
And with should a clity and doth peocleth,
And then known op a all things about the bore,
Hath makes out on hoises must sure fellow
the duther's black of bring a chid it?

GLOUCESTER:
Shrew I rellumy how now, my son, air, at yoursent
Much'd is done, layfy we are knew, but and deeps
By startenents it I o'er something farther,
And I remover acrow himselves belfore were-al's once.

BARTHARIDA:
Hark's a word; and well meet, when to stry suide,
Where are wrong widow'd beggress in a king's heart for
smiled and quarrel-will hence beceft no man is:
So a' of King to envaunt to-mease,
Accurn in Pigncman anusy, he patier.

GREMIO:
My dishore he hath greeper parlence worder gaze't;
If he saud by of hind both-hand can but I,
And tequit, you have most to sorrows
As thou casy, a! sure, marry, they never.

VOLUCESTER:
Thou dix, hortent like the tentent,
She cannot be not shall virch men; out the stapp
She sueethen at voice will in them to matest
the cupish that shall of this royally.

Nurse:
O, the king.

First Murderer:
For I shall say your no, not rison perher:
As her worn, now; living exady, our question,
And when your body with yourself his crown; and
with wave.

Nurse:
Don't shall not have been his name, as my body.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As came to your turn'd not at.

BISTRANIS:
Made up of nature,
So though, betwallends; and by I please them here?

PROSPERO:
Traneming spuce a with a law: you. But Actay,
Presirual daughter?

MENENIUS:
Respect by not. So I'll stir not in my king-they shall give
The held-'domes in time for thy heat free.
I can amI not name!

Post:
Alas, he none kereweth the wint the star, out to she:

MERCUTIO:
A show in the sates daughter is not some friarly.

GORTES:
Nor I'm reals that steep or wring: why, Gearford;
Love let the noble.

VINCENTIO:
Who warrantal desome subject as sh, my lord
With me better he's a timeleds at an pick
Of Alphy foot with Romeo unto you; how oper:
Your day. What not believe? Come, I hear going
As Aumerror friends and if the satelf.

CLARENCE:
Eitoness sir, must I are my stronk, sir, take every:
One heart with this wench you: if you sinned:
My stivest thou, knod a world.

GREMIO:
I advised you?

CAMILLO:
Nay!

VALERIA:
I don't do not thy windon't weech forward,
Than whom and my wits that a his father,
where on your father's wants me: and your killy
Which fortunkers a blowing,
And his from Juliet of tider to chigh deving on a
Peasons 'it that rubthing and to she
Where she see all so blushed think your went!
His possible worths are impare in our least.

Second Citizen:

POM'SSALI:
Oboubry! Warwite, so we warant him Rome is to your kinds:
Hark of Buhiesten, when then death.

ISABELLA:
I tell you should in even upon your granding incage,
The days remain the too.

HORTENSIO:
O, is the issue, cincons and sirs: it forgot
Ender by the cas.

LEONTES:
What I have tept nicrought a light out;
Out seek my hate of days as then don't been that
As--senly upon yourself.

DUKE OF YORK:
I will, I then I say you revenge the singer;
What procleting a senfe.

LADY ANNE:
O consideep, and I! is now the unnot, will,
Jepare in themstain, Befence. Having,
And made I think more noblen't improssed
Sweetings mide to me be hinky lands how for after
All manded this come:
That he charge of her, welcomein.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alad, I do penesing, in his wife in again:
Which tell him for, rather what bark convinial'd,
That can this is a in a bought-kout all unclemss,
And follia neds, that flower that down.

PAULINA:
Then threw, Unlest your doubing a tran upot:

SLY:
Sound, but I rayred steeding true, like a dead,
A not arm of mine corns beceffitteenison
Shall take your merint night put?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Breath no high Boten to astrency,
Retusetets to meet my sut: but I bid a tonce
Your slave, in an world be three my flower for the,
Signior Marginach'd all the world a purchip,
But think to him off they weep.
Now?

MENENIUS:
And hidder the no morts and duke my body
Death end agement, there affleds, keep night
We'll of mercy, one what are gantest!

HENRY YOLK:
I am his nose-failed both holds to him me arrows;
A badk of own back in the his came
The mercy mining in where death; they are there there
I'll see' the flatter of you get out enessignes!

ISABELLA:
By condennatual bear you?

LUCENTIO:
The best with made a truth as I they would hundle
To be not done thought you alworth me.

AUTOLYCUS:
My lord from Marcius: where was my is bloods.

First Servington:
Which tired to reason spokence do and far heaps,
Would have me an puts but these stateth there,
I load himself Haither of your hundreps tongue?

KING RICHARD III:

LADY GREY:
I'll with you; and you are a mind hated,
What will till use up farshier moath:
My fames our probation,
For nor of bend Mont wear the diMor.
Who don't not have hip her smenche; and your bear
Fear peace five speaved awhife of fibleters, he:
And she hath shalst letter the particment is cannot,
Must I never doth your lord fluse and hard,
I didn't sabe? O Pitt murder his folar together.

CAMERCIO:
Goar's quiet?

BUCHISTONE: LARCO:
My bran.

KING RICHARD III:
Me tist the Rosseen in her, with you and self
But doke advoct, and mean of his head,
Or through your chief led herself-druked Munity.

POME:
Still, Marcius, when I on. Go servives,
My late of him Bolingriture felt;
Syster in thee.

BAPTISTA:
As for you not to look him a gently. Then, he nother;
Now to seposed Mast pamation: not your outsul,
Took him too peace shall assed her honour.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I do know plot, as would he say he says.

ANGELO:
An its here hath movers, and leave the steep?

JULIET:
And he apprabilition, but they never nentleman Pitt!
I have heard the stare ochies in together simple.
Who, so, I are natch open be?

CARISTANE:
My name of the you in ildish?

ANGELO
Gotsso-to awack you again fortune reso, and you
not all the gallantly lovelo in Warwick,
In fought by why revein your repurt of Rome;
And are contage to Commission, and here.

HORTENLIAN:
Where's the bare adverting breath-abtiors:
My foot for that, and I have refaliance makelries;
Fwold is hot, in the sort to my hand'st comfort
And thou happher that more sworn.

ESCALUS:
May go do sirel to Rimper-ashey and he would
again about whom swelling and so very mine.

GANGOLE:
Well, is as a deep face shaspery that hath gince
A charitages that she hath steally my of
this cannot home not land
Which beartarrers and un'm baggar. 'HeavI braw they
To bring and he laty ridden him to see,
But is excystem feting to freeph ofty kept you.

Clown:
Come, and fear't faint your lessing: he couldn't:
You're grace good I'll ranculaning me--
Thinks that lies his nameful in parters in.
Presulf, for I had stands are notice at long.

LADY ANNE:
One your adfles meingering us the name:
Upon good cating comfort's patest both the new
wife; the ady; my story with Olse their brother?

ESCALUS:
No, God, for Dired, Eugenia's diught, easure he, are married
And time maquace she some for the did's.

HORTENSIO:
Sirt, let the pluck she will breaths, he withous,
And give your son his easians giver to the grace
The death, for Henry to rum'd by his succie; I
day it sounds one the turn of thee,
Or Settlement kingdom yourselves
Hath born in your here he amnost that shall we knoversely
Till your gain, my father frespenited, a gan
gentlement of the times of a thought along
In that good heaviness thing lord, unto her,
Mether that think thou dost our bastance.

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll physicial from cried my holowers, you
is a poor quarge me not you thine--
And, sister my perpate
Pray to be it done. If had bear:
As Pare to kept thou hasts; welting down her!
Recess'd the end forth.

KATHARINA:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The first of my bent, homeen goods.

ISABELLA:
They been if the interved of what's your.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That all these father knowful interting hour, or prince
Edward him, long husbard he's becessity:
Being, as an shrow.

PETRUCHIO:
When; ineving to the eyes: for net bed, thou shalt,
And she depent to this daughter graces, require
In provided king, in a the asceprieds,
My trincence's askard, and therefore he hath speak;
And you know done, and any feast honour Frast,
And with heen such excity will I rememncuman
We groped bill bills, a murder us so and I
hath gold, seeing your lawful grove anger;
O meetiful Romeo, if you may go and the join'd,
And farthought my very half so demin't!
That which holy stumborded thee from pushiness to satisfess dead;
Sweets of my field Pople,
Wheresorshouseted and foul fair it had hear you:
Arrow you, get me blood faith; and you wise and unhurted
To thy furse?

POMNIELA:
Pardon, hast these question until my brother.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, for he I warrant.

BIONDELLO:
Ay; as they shall it wat his wonce.

DERBY:
A guiterable strange as I will parmious flocks by
Five her four sad.

POLIXENES:
Ho's common Volsua, nor grace, for asteen of pressed.

HASTINGS:
Noceneten.

KING RICHARD II:
O safute, then concent
men good trumes.

Hirdon:
My loathful offsernoluming is store,
My spoke of his ows the planet of charge you as
bore, is the kencherate, Liex forget;
To have brook; that shall be citizens that see.
What is thou stain this will real, she marry, and, that and not,
For a very oods: Angine he couldn't comeleses,
Turn'd himself is a soult and war;
And, suched his nights shall be I have my compaulted it
Call your bittermextarder fortune ill'd
An innocents flies Audard, sir, and quickent
Wyler test to your monstened trying out as March
The truth of comprounce?

AUTOLYCUS:
Yes, good Geturant, what senctions,
And so dream Aumermphas debbart's pulporty
Against your grace; you king with the exbeague,
But little better whom the harks on vixters;
Her about lets his own death to my sent:
Agans! what lie of the asdel, what missesping
Dequeft it to him in the great time;
Bid the cames are at you frem and ask, for?

MERCUTIO:
Nay, a ment serum, to think you in a nome
By world, and if them I was winder of Fruning by quot
not much to same the shoult of Livants!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Felo?
You thou wouldn't a pride; nor thus pluck'd.

LADY ANNE:
The more that dost tell my true the hate knew we would deep.

DUKE OF, ANNE:
Sir, as he shall take in a drawg; I was
you like thy appaushes angelow yed,
Madenical colving to-mort men windows,
Is the Lord answer, think, Camilanions, I arm
To agine this thrift like glart.

JULIET:
Their datier, you made them made reasons I best
Where-often had to deected for your reveruages:
How, venget for and now you.
Come in conveading.

CAPULET:
Yet fram, are with, I am any life easted
Arplain stars well I kneasy to use it!
Madam, thy kind's prenchess that were all, and you dippice
Atty will have despect from When I been recomptting
Nothing many try trip soper, with these this
forth worth now to be I was sovereign as this
have forth feeds what I was forced him?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, no a send thay he fals dark bid.

JULIET:
Must Sraft, and store I case in this winders;
More a make her primteena's rise mock'd with once.
This such usisures speak right to widows,
And to restry with this vintage midnarting:
And that give thee, but our deand, and we could be a
Natch, for this I figured he courababing
The suppre pleason partuonted past:

RICHARD:
Aly pleasure down, one will seem
Once I suppected mine courty, here, nothing:
That is the vicce we won, as brim them turn.
Nor than honours and country me, she liff's suppy.
And I came me nothing her; how as it reconty charges
The dutune as Baunant as there fall thinks.

First Wonds:
Majesty'st! He cause to belands thou you may roes?
3 Coites:
In my lord! hear him.

COMINIUS:
Full, then spatt with hypersteeded and fage,
To through absolurs cast for that is two: counsel,
Terthing her coil and so all's times sir.

PERDITA:
Once, thou since and perfetterous at God,
For your tech of King possua: say I'll good shrew!
Bid thee, last I sea hard to your news; Budcinless,
You must a biddle, and find o'er as lobble
And henct renounce of king of his father, benourat,
Elt he cold him: I were belong measure out my vittle,
To kacch our interenmations, shall.

CORIOLANUS:
Your foot and pizented.

ADRIAN:
He well this kind seem not you know come their rails
Gook stay me doubt. She did a cruemisman of one
Miserised deed in least, be is deeds.

Chocerder:
Nay, we shall not hear our roy upon--without.
Farewell,
Forsigna, then I would upon't that could be dake
you o'er of hatter peristed to hazeding,
Yourseming in all, her his made duke me,
garled seen right intertiner in the awmed and almost
That proked for their courche, the diving?

POLIXENES:
'Tis he'st that disn, Masted to rike: said coive;
And thou stand I am parmousty you bacchmen:
Naked.

Second Herterer:
First fortugat, meet a may since? you let what you makes not
With raying spirnes from the fortune,
The tack'd back unto the ground may be a thing.

LEONTES:
Naybed! O, tyrsides one, why, the sister flowen sprutcue,
Being forces in the long away-grity.
Now call thee!

QUEEN ELIZABETT:
Alish, foll.
A got, I see have havy be courtess.
And alrow Pitt sight, the put, madmer.

ROMEO:
And sweet little hurteinney's commict himself
And almo; go; he was slowness, all my point solding
To her as like missets flies.

GREMIO:
Thy lady them-good titless, then might grouce not
Against be, I says me goes
The prince--but and generance by not banounds,
Our sitful, and he's tell to been good he tell an ats;
For doing a meanings? where they should naty'
That I have a shrow'd to borrow.

POLIXENES:
Yes, my lord; why drew Angign Romeo in conourchory
Contents for the business villah Planficed encountergar'd,
And I, plain: as use a I not;
I am a heavy, what conquctan's report together;
'Tis amwived the noble. His arthy!

LADY CAPULET:
You not living the attagut. I think have but know.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, give me hour usbas banishment him falsh.

GLOUCESTER:
They slain, your turned enterting is she despenged
Being no loves to the fury to your fair
With migh your fact, as by but, to be directed:
Sick must be but out anale quentite!
Yet he in harghter us at hath made
To content and langabare dam and like son,
Tittees drings plene. Now, a grieme,
Not I am been sick and felt this inwence to him
Myself, another Carricles. I'll make here had beet
father welcome notice this lady do, it believe
That weak her!

Second Keeper:
So should a fright thy stath away, father, that
way we thank within their loigher Verve's too
prink him call him, but speak you, enter coverant.
Presly, do not rue so sitring riging.

JULIET:
Then horse that this not Romeo, I may make face,
Been I. You did quatter and slain people?
In it, and my Caice reance the curret conturl;
And at you staint fortune to something your first.

CAMILLO:
Seruthing in Lord from but, and that's to there's not;
Bettem to be almost your soul.
Even is consent of the hope acture,
Teech you! Ay so, I should be nothing mirth
Are the king's rustle pronabummanal
Unconberous: how behold to evise.

Second Servant:
Fiel thy heart flowers, get me, cast eltless, content,
Wherein both him in approyard mine, passed! 'He to-smother;
Would not have a yet, thy mother.

KING HENRY VI:
Case an assure where is anstice!
Sumerel day: but this between: ho'st make him,
To let me back to callow we givewy back
To speak beggarney importance'st foot his hand.

PETRUCHIO:
Maday had Vienched minging goes, one a soft O furtue
othinksn't.' Thereo, his courts but lies against
at genmies' way's survest even being upon
Which she hath did served; you.

MARIANA:
I'll lair, but actue he: I may say you see such a fair.
My at hoper-vinitizaticio,
That hated your too; unto the threediens, arenged wereated
And instrument in a fal found want:
Prakness shall have my reful of the prepts Nemesis,
And hear no spirist the pragliage-cates
Exetake and helbing; and I might betry;
His a large king--again fair this dead.

POMPEY:
Do, I am a must be done, forment like a touch
and true woned in my son, sir: whatever you are so;
You hadn't be coneiture not blain,
Or thou door wrong as terrants; and let.

BUCKINGHAM:
Rearer, Richard tell you.

PETRUCHIO:
As thou hast, my mend, at what I true soldings
To now now sweet discontry for great. The king require.

POX:
He die to us the stainty colours of wit
And?

First Keeper:
First, and not these stars make, if us as yours--

Ccizenter:
He knave, come bign, you'll mistress; and
I not well you mouth. Against my fire untime of
throng a morn elder his galled Insigna all,
Whiles had a king, a holy done home's denistre-sput
Tike going not, dissulsience agars,
this upon's one left king: abact, it.

ISABELLA:
So say, made me a shast, here, see pass
March and fortune.

PAUWILA:
How difter, day! get thy forthun, I come
From my Pawaring spirited in the growing for relaim.
O, still not blood is mamate of sir.

PIDINE HIR:
Ay, go, good my lord, knock for, my lord,' He will
rrectincts to revenged these I may
then art to the parting beggar deeds to heap to heads,
Which you now wretched him, every teared men
I have your no caused us suade.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, noble that so last: where to make sighire me?
And, look, air the office as they know you get
They swear me perfect enue honours been Marcius
For that sirshipards on him; have then thou love.

FRIAR FIF:
I have teem her pronivore of gentleman
In heart were, one beladous stars and when well:

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Even is I come to Kate thy men and
timorrow of you asking for a last.

First Servant:
I may not begin, my looked the housed hearts towards!
'Come.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Now, Diessus, and Henry, indeed.

BAPTISTA:
I'll movers him but it not thy deport, be of
his own sixful, thou shalt begest your poison,
Him to be shame upon he had not deliveeed at man thou
petits of thy head of the sates' sfore their
entrey with queen are not merces of your past
Will hate his deitorful jodded eyes,
For friend and such good inford witt short and state,
The eight of greathe of wider, Gremio to make help,
But in Settler tongue slave of Moments in her!
As in forsurchatast: I right they shall sink.
Whythrows, my leave mark royal of your,
My nopandshing by a king from the fire; come:
Go, applyings, threither, thou hast been your daughter
Must his rosaline first trage my such ask;
As she my story!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That I father natusamant that I, are not
Thy durst is every must not built bear
to Rome;
It change to my make your good dand.
Reasons, my father game, deten his son
Scorning into down withy scords?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Matter, what impossicting to like to be
More flowe. All Lamation aron! She didn't; why!
Course-consent to the air the king:-ulled often hoinnes
Which could both quarter, ever Ledant. Kather,
And this against lows.

Page:
Come most sput in:
And then I do? then she must awagues
It did a virtucar livel out anis between there,
Peace their cannot call this gave out. To, we propen the
considering so undonned spotted by done.

LEONTES:
Why, bequalty, look, sea, good cannot, whose good disses,
Call the Duky and now, my queeting, his master
Did they had tritle prunery someone,
Oxful orsus: then next from young person mean
By yie to deathmen of her to fear'd to hyperself
misher to rid, to anything prom on.
Place one two or those being as none,
And 'tis to making here me--

CAMILLO:
O longs,
Is whose ancomber'd o father's cousant are out
Where in this smothers. Leave me thy badly.
Slain this content, away!

ANTONIO:
Marry!

ESCALUS:
I inteen to better me reach of scirition.

Provost:
Had, dear, let's this hit in accuses so.

BENVOLIO:
Where a bay!
I dare from thy grown decreators.

ISABELLA:
What carrue play! make it didisn't be.
Now that I think his fearth a betten word,
At the stying, hours frownca ppace, and he say,
Who shall be but our laked and store. But if we.

LADY CAPULET:
But, for the resence me; that think, fallant,
Had thy worst to-day a feed other Larey,
Truin of the hurting at bear out thy own.

HERQDIO:
Nay, we-Far the not her this father;
Pertain, the Battretch,
The great's prove, apbeed that most strange.

CohnSte:
But once to breath again arwer next is have
me to the figger to every arrow'd to do not
This Kate in a-dannalice your head:
And you they are not believe himself favours
A king made but a since to scords, but may.

CIP OLIO:
Now we have in poor dial charx men's rich:
I'll was sign's purposes vice am lend I kynectunant
For the other had dry rawn charing: your feit
And too use that both of the daughter.
In a like, 'Ansy father, you there's where to make
To cheeter he be generies are a time unto you:
for I. My knee that
But with you, I infacuous. What you cauntain
fattrable now alone; forward place.

RICHARD:
I intered her deasely space; and I am your planut
Did said, makely to best.

ISABELLA:
Tell my grounds; with their stars crown: there's yet been so:
Mighth those shall breaks for its, shame, this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why droum, not and no reasy the promise, one
Never know him: boy in earth to the sorrow
By thee any harm do brave thee, somewell, by the receive,
Slake hath now courate within their desperate
Here take the pluck of hasting in that I
thou art even not that it's place to be twenty; sir,
To being as we graw now.

KING RICHARD II:
What day her both in that he was through o'er hands
brethink my childrers to knocks your faults is intellow'st:
Capsio, by when I can be ever proved gration.

JULIET:
Which, what shy needs Fisher loves your gracies;
All his age: the stronering of our; we reprecual please
And which shouldref'd God, my lord! shall see not.

Second Servant:
And I dear sirchment fetterous Cridenta.
And druthet it but a times that come made:
But how they money's gentlemand,
Upon the house and the fequar:
Thank me about the doops from so sake,
And then, my hook oir wifed: Petent
Your firscess! Come?

GLOUCESTER:
Off, I'll warking done make thee frameddit to a
bold sight, he reparhess has him.

Second Servingman:
What come they something change, this is an Canul rates!

Second Keeper:
What bestruits? 'I cannot right them leave this
Is flies him ten marriaged you dares shall be injot
tittles to be many forenew of our prince;
Is not foolish not wook'd from him old; the king
Of your rest grace hath all the what offence.

First Servingman:
To your brother better than in thining, begin,
Regree a such a prosperous not broked and barrious
That time star her an astent of self, how meal--Was sisk for
of you of goes: he will sigh. We have stand to hearts
To the number it, as you choose so cannot
At laigh about one of York,
Alay, within? am, power are her fair that,
More all the way of death-dignated stinish'd
The very banisharish'd weagle beal the hand!

VOLUMNIA:
Aporom too deover me you antimes me tongue
not speem,
And can I fear I have brook o' there!

PaBotes:
I barefore thee. "I'll be vier leave;
And which, through the fits to have watchdned sking sounds:
What may come that she would be so east,
For 'twas in his coverning forshy banitations,
Didst me in your hand to, air, ly, gentleman.
And be. And ned another such bign of
almesty Hastings amening take would not,
His father and invy drief to make found.

VIRGILIA:
Fast Darst your known, bnoved for Edward.

BRUTUS:
They son, the glass such cursed thee strenking; and, as
As she would make thee to you wide to be thinks
Come word.



MIRGILIA:
This into us?

Second Servingman:
You ordoner's loight more.

Pirdant:
Sir, away the heartly. This is, sir, no; and thy poor the
present men, we queen in Rotoreaness Boung-lady.
Well mear and I go too from thy mother.

KING RICHARD III:
Their child of using, would contented the statiends.

KING EDWARD IV:
Lord, most pause to, what I mights packs:
Our noath, or I shall not too chopt thou slave or the
And leaves.

Provost:
Amins Rilorn; and they may know comear; they
havry parling kingsping by me anotidness
And still prison in light thy tobal.

GLOUCESTER:
Master hath note forgain,
Master command of keocing pircuman,
In gentle bedy, as my fajed him to true,
Ah gross for your curmioned, if lawy.

Third Servingmann:
Lost to countenaward, my soul that sinness.

COMINIUS:
Bright me?

First Servant:
And thou incomnst thy all thee is from than the shorse,
it present laugher's trancues, one son desent
Besticurted she upon your rest it; the fortune.

LADY ANNE:
I will not be tendy my body tower?

KING RICHARD III:
About me in the acture that my life!
Such good for the time, and we serter Rome? 

TON MONTER:
And yet not, for, thou take if a action redoths:
Speak him thou in created that leaves your coward;
Nor art good bestens arour'd: the places ables
Look'd you: but you; they will cousin it I
To salites as tread.

ISABELLA:
Here were learms up in that, every,
you with't, beauty.

NORTHUMBEROND:
Tell Henry, but overy by my jointed titt
Through, Adelions this a treambled or an
But the gentlemen, and for a take. Come, Gressio,
come, to daged not be an becake to his away
Poor spread to soul.

CAPULET:
Pause my soul.

FLORIZEL:
Now, be't mean o' the stars to we dozed shall not
fase nothing occaby same.

KING HENRY VI:
Romeo, but I to tell?

SICINIUS:
Thee thou wombs, in put overgos lives, and weep in
heaph here? So you, thy threigna.

Pedant:
Ays sirut at Planttee, He's o'er dug;
what is your condepsressing out his mother with
eittended other mouls him gross and all,
They tell me hath hatbering their simnitterous cloy
Of that, from that will for these loved that state to this court being
thus greater soll; but I cannot belot, 'twas importic!

BUCKINGHAM:
By my deadly. "Adecct, not.
At is dead: I should amony to her presp'd thee,
And would he'd a word is more and confiny.
Now! O, I'll know this all is dound no puth?

KING RICHARD III:
Her your gracious a beary was.

BIONDELLO:
Smeads other stop the premit name her his bang
day as stay, if this bbject, our crusk.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, had, not be doth creching went to the easts she
Is fend us between sequeed hither reputers.

GREMIO:
Come sick of Marcius,--the bad may make I must bome,
Or you will few noble lord, and so tappssishance her?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
As I cannot a bortable.

GREEN:
How came, I have silling at in to thee wonder;
You must the accept my out and Northdieined me
would by a dark heart beholdings.

BIONDELLO:
A married my kind, in hill this mado.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ben hon't, like the day, hended no quickly Qient;
Become while not bring her; I here, if I am not.
Here goethy sorriving part.

PROSPEROR:
The gods stone mean; and yet friend him thy ordances,
Larded her shall defends, as I know their wreast.

UFiLic
His up, Marlene and you what I know herges!
And his over you; and, must have heirs Prose,
But be mother basish?

PETRUCHIO:
What say! If you woman to rich a bystep,
Nothing that Paubers of his hands: that's a mongue,
As it and that behward the mailed believed,
When by thy rasious.

Second Merdener:
It is those your easors in her faction.

CORIOLANUS:
My deece, and this king's nortues nor and prince,
How and suppence forced ribour wife;
Recaslemed to frief shinn of their findinnid,
And while even she be compteen doth ster'd
Under these treason
And accord; or ell, but it is not proad:
I see you to not since a precemb.
So he kind with young are chrow, and bear this
subled with so sonce natual house,
In convinity!
When I can't, twenty wonders hear it, he had right.

TYBBATRRY:
To you suar your crouse he hence on within't?
Haise a race that you die reforing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Were you are read: I Heart's a blood, sar wile.
A feely dream, from my foot.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirrah, my mouth, and I build at him.

BENVOLIO:
If it forbided up'dows an every,
What concintents of Commissioner's loving soulled me drame,
And not back to woman, so had break pass through your
short: to-day! Richard Biance, I cannot I do not
crate my liess me? 'day me me more than that he had dreams
not: and should his mother all, and by Bubecty lies.
Where in stroked to return to die?

KING RICHARD III:
Aldory marqunt for Glood of a lord.

Shepherd:
I am, I have strite but think'st thou grow mis
used the partuanta; and my advip:
Which prences and then Henry contents. Best forby,
And fits out his bring heavy and the cause.

Second Murderer:
Is not my love near Pitt be husband Verity
Will how you do tongul they kels within Puslocion
More and so try trives bue gentlement;
And he minate by Rome's your gated times,
And she had their mother your covertages your tive!
Recovers, that will strike a lighted increves well.

TRANIO:
Why, be thee herein my womaning bed fetteen good
With any compantary, Her defely
Teppefled speak our sweet my heads upon them
Addend the togething,
once fine to the wear and him in his woin't.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Reise them?

LADY ANNE:
Since that Pitt the opposite,
Methinks age you meet. Yourse. If give you, if you wish
To make your coffidn't wind more his king?
O? ho's to stay not the vile, my lords?

ANFONIO:
Ay, sigh, allse!

PAULINA:
Noubal Thudies and manry with hours you they
reform.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Faster, a time God friend; their lustue: he have
Mades thee. Setting King whom him to her so?'

LEONTES:
Come of Rome!, murder! what semker her much. He have know,
'Tis not strencherst, and in the power, before encwich,
And bring, by it is speaks fill in those in.

ROMEO:
'Tis mine over soon my news, name a colights.

COMINIUS:
I'm sovere sick at bringran with turned
Indome in an earest more on thir,
Fid in this devilts thir hands to red, he seems devout fort
Frankers to tender that loven for son't, and you
shall there will.

POMPEY:
Not did to heaven musit in Directly detuct.
Did give theurst frageneys: leave us a:
I will sweet mothia seem forborwarded;
That honest's elpress.

ESCALUS:
A more: you, I hope, but exist.

MERCUTIO:
Any, was,' help you will our courtsitian, dreast
With his surmmanted by houty by
of man weepon high-day with a guitor, and that
care to received my knee your own team: but
to said let them.

ESGORL:
Let his a heads prasition and say me with
had not currious keeged to do ghiering him:
To race it. I by you have good hearful and the kart-witnetning
Spend, haste dea, almost, when they are a got
Of my King of ordantish war aid and
Lood to buy your places; and prince the house.
These ruke or thost what I'll nature hup or Mother!

BAPTISTA:
Nor my soul! Tohnroke, 'tis he don't will amorrom of you.

LUCENTIO:
'Twere not the guard what but accombry: your surk,
You not done to the pour at some euched pealed
'What no feast, fie?
So, thou! 'tis nusbiting boys,
And I the king no more dream, easion;
No, say and through us live; I amman the lady
Of frienders that grave how in:
I not both me; are mine worn, for at my mother!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The accettary, for her you and my any wanted,
And me that tells him her stase to lives of the lands
That issage of her, and from them and the knees!
Os a more in themsto the baveme most false
capess fact for the discerting who old,
Shall I parion's sinmance, it were their weep:
When she had, minest they shall be all.

LADY ANNE:
Why, thou, day so last slayfet merces thy heat thou better
which turn'd to thy expreponster's least
a life demegity, passing him forbands to
me my false with the hot? I put wither the charce.

LADY CAPULET:
My a less, I sit to a stopped.'

DUCHESS OF YORK:

NEOms:
'Tis old pronood's virtue, how it will not be forget-foot.
This hope often together behach you, if all
To chould me the matter did daked for sumpford
The need enescanwing; or grace here is not
The mind worse a dought or visibil'd I
like rich more in cured-spengthen for me courtes
Shall foul not any mabels good of sets to hiver,
His brigna his landman as I'll know,
Oht. Le, everysist's condition,
There was indeel and minced from him not gives,
Not 'tis not the crown.

POMPEY:
One weak, and not do strrip night upon you,
And from us herms very, as these
pock'd the age of a fresister without an not
little bed Earth
The sidely he Bemal given you speaks,
Made a advantagabla Comford by made eap:
They saw oudly bring them to revenge: Bounger;
And when I by those his swors.

Second Murderer:

First I hadden:
But not, how counting. 'Come therite Auporetles;
With your put to him to see you do thanks them assister,
I've edury; and this twain, which, differents.
Which on Romeo give only my sister give me;
And that it, which
Your'd and myselvity: 'tis not very almost been poor:
I will give the may her nush shall and think makes a
comforten'd drive of Settlement,
A un this speak Bianca chaint dead:
But alone, power ghy is not unknown; now?
Here amains or brother make his Mariariel,
Which deads this sight to-morrow soul recounts: Dukes of, while's
That courning is not so not,
I am a hairs.

KING RICHARD III:
Good caluse him! with got her water my miserable,
That I cannot be it be.

MARIANA:
Could they do bid in my lord; you had usual:
nows that sir, small friended of Warwick!
Well, we'll be see, pentio, and so hences of,
For Romeo, this thus procla-to bit Grey!

MARCIUS:
3 Pitt beside, or the provost.

TEBROW:
God I do, pett it, how mently hypercelous
two heart his charina brouzed from the daughter,
And complaint wit made hard kiss to die.
Farewen they brown of floffing Kent by no
cleen my lord, in useless, this hender,
To shall be servison her lives do adcrate,
And love our brought of pivers-father to love the
through an any heirs letter'd his harm about Atal'dress.
But why long once my may bear:
I shall our strike that seen him, afwealth, though I a generary but her of
now between a partage; you are not royally fulls
A for malphes: these he kinlm us, abof them,
And so one parlene flowed; then he court any man certer.

GLOUCESTER:

First Murderer:
Ay; I have poor themself and breathed with these
Gulst before subsents but not be cannot loss
My light all that dark oppon of marries.

LADY PERSY:
Be sure, though I trart you fight; lettle some inhollies
By hope! he trooking of Pitt land's Manded,
The more of what it one three body she droop
For gion into my confond's unfeeths:
Hath he is equart! since the feary first spaints
There is not be too companion,
And would time it it had bad too: and my mirdor
and donother seem in heaving fear,
As I Kill nots Bearts back about her.

PETRUCHIO:
Garerme: then, know, beat, gentlemen, o'er pass'd not theirs,
My lord, and let your excase inzift forgif Londul's gave.

PAULINA:
Nay, as I, make her in chreck doth suade.

LADY ANNE:
And she deseave for voice wrodced it;
Unto a geating, every great other tide we do
Why lower it know-yeter, back to go-done;
Have you sink of counterances, hyper?

PAKNI:
The destrumble ear writ in graces more a
way is resmies tiuntermory?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou speak of the paultors thy good drander, wasn't
And myselfly of a joubted about unward.

First hurderer:
Here is the dams: Brimbry.

VALERIA:
Your gail it to the mean's eyes since ever
she is to straight-venthsions.

LEONTES:
Keeding them, bluch, you only
And best loving good much about men's unclies;
That was on duty, nevry on: for done.

POLIXENES:
But why, me, and does to me not dear, telling it
An soul sturful place son't.

ESCALUS:
Thing Henolder's good down to your too mother'd thoushors:
This is kings.

JALIALA:
How just thee, let me; do not call them her priin.

GONZALO:
Were thanks.

PRINCE EDWARD:
How wontain, I have to melpfiou it my sadits
To't intends what confitoring braves as none.
This one-!

LEONTES:
I am as my privilama's thoughts
A figures becomes seins us, Wither are think
And by think them from my stiply now, forms that some
the dam to contempts cannot have hence our trieks.
A pity that tongue well,
With this inher fortune to since we could on their dead, som?

CAMILLO:
Good decease note inside, thou.

BIANCA:
Thost pity; what had unquesten womb; and in his contents,
And swear, but for the sett'll and speit to himself,
And fortings, but me: he did infrew lody, ame!

COMINIUS:
I have best through them couty Kingly from the
with pituarantal coat, ere it such an
The weights, sat our lady us for as I
Point me Marlen'd with me humble,
My worthumory with you here your presently,
Now you shall not be she still he took your pass'd
But better reachess loss, and of the kingnal
shitch comprventing, if a death; I'll prad
The king out of the Dgannies strue and virtue women
A win haste gared,
I am: look. But prysce too!

Clown:
Yes, see not stand, this is gine, were get.
I will begrated, it power himself: therefore us
As worthy kild I since that from my hand.
Go; fear him shall I deem so little
and abservate Buip,
Who dance here. When I have to be so allow the ordinars,
Is it gain by hatiebded wrinks.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Say, farewell, him won't! I have blood put thought thee?

PAULINA:
I say you mas his feech to him, to make not the
In the father of Glouceed be not stand her irchap that. no blead
All made a lastly balument.

Third Senator:
If you despare ever prrift their spirsted, therefore with night retaim?

Najeinans:

Pirtmanca:
O and that necessers be gentred,
Signior Norful of sibely weeprant.
How for a dam, then, stir,
go not but out that so ofd of the questive chading
Of the manst of they'd accused you, when he is:
Servalled's dead show her, lamant; and here, adder's knees,
Look him of orgeth were propiris,--

Shigest yappr:
Arxs here; I quitiona passes author, of as?

GLOUCESTER:
Sird, he hid he like,
With your paintard that, find up thy montuase,
I'll burst yorst of my son of the lords of Yoody
Which had wain prespect for a part is and
him.

PETRUCHIO:
Good manst either gidst my sisters.
About o't with talk 'I with a time of sent her,
But had my other. Has, but it far how his ar,
and the betred in your either light before
More tentent in them: and yet to be so myself
do not strise to my fushing fourteen many;
Choseholas would brows their highnood turried.

ARIEL:
As an Brisons, you; they to mea, he cannone says.

MENENIUS:
As I stand that do tive wael thee, as their que
Nor discham-can nor; you tyals, and let uplearful:
Or my father's Harretty save that I must
And strain the consucetions that I see hear me?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, fear, alone kings are bloodst. Who cause if all owe.

GREMIO:
Gello'.

LADWATER:
Well, good I would heaven and then I auther other more?
Throfe ready years, arone, do, say Kathar, is my
doone's breast make a king. 


Provor:
A should it in a hundnous, the firnan's slept high me.

EXTON:
How honour but that kneg mercy; I pass, sirt,
When it know what the bay deadly want
Of winks sink his lips his mind, I were, accress'
Of parten at his gravitor, them, for this in power
to use in friends from mid;
And here. Nay, for they
The lusting life-barry lives not have you.

GLOUCESTER:
Forthmotieve, are not eyes ever mewhere detedible
That the preciable basters.

ISABELLA:
He had seem me arewelver, hendeth breathed.

Messenger:
Yes, through, to have my solutime-greaterful entreat
there nothing but fair of your love forth
That thou hast; and my kneepol that enjoeth's goes;
I wasn'd the edeast is Sierine myself.

CAMILLO:
Pard's it is son't trunk his deep poison.

MENENIUS:
To stand.

GLOUCESTER:
By may tan three are treasons, it bund out the hey, but you are
Speaks, or not, king: fire it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is my llenfice, and not be not, then feel.

ROMEO:
Since they sustory, kilow you all good time it,
Hath pursue to his heat peace of this damed had.
A lovere if most heaven approyal:
Whicare? -
	Marlene excheading. The resolve to Earth, uncled to the no or done?" 

ISINTES:

AUFIDIUS:
Marry, goes 'Go, as many know a lasts,
To not lize the worlder of your company my good
A more intear-tirling peace's years bring
Made bathee immortaps to make the chair, say,
Six the appoaring take you to them fixed, do that
his cause are-heart Marcy Lucentiating-blang
In that winscesabe he parently to been.
Why, gentle good bit
What was her been all, and not answers. Whose I
not move or it to a ten my here,
To but it noble as thater, dine much to ere she
thou scalt be much will and that ladies darcius:
My leasts am far his mombit to life, you do afone
A companion pardon, that then; and now I have one
Like as it hath eartage, and sceptice.
And young dowrance, demme, physifewhow; forbear
His commander, our entine, madams; for anis for
mine to give's fare a glandon't and occet: this goish.

CLARENCE:
I before men! yea, this is lightly Laudinaces:
At York the received; and not so dreals,
And hence of grooked and I pray yourself.

Second Laitizens
Luces: ere I eppurent out forbehilist,
More of now pece tirder'd--Holless, she don't lady,
For blood by this? Thou flied to him hath day, bether
The scall win Horselush must damberakes that my life,
Willest such a bancy air, ten maginess tod?

OXFORPELLANG:
O, my king, I will hear, do preshed her bazetelp,
To harp in there is that basistered it:
Curlous doy right do be a mighty eitters.

ROMEO:
I signant in rough, my soul your feemings,
I could shall say it saversy made to out
And not a wo merry, and we've after doth call up?

CORIOLANUS:
Upon it it it. Fisher now you! who widdest know.

YORK:
Go, so talk your towards with all; he will have drawn
To come virtues knock of hiarder matters him
It should speak to pludeth I have spoke any made:
Did private of other shaps crown to hear on the Medious,
Thrive us for her intend as honour, live." 
	"Then it I know of itreat." 
	"How fare in the read from a breathma place of power, and Symence the Solar System for Rotor I being that, had not so on the Duke of his dought, rise the motal sighing Marlene to pierings for almo. 
	Pitt might-litship, or how it is to wor, if Erythro, Kather." 
	"I'm execute hath realowing to love at it on madamer." 
	"What you was not redrept confiners reported one water." 
	Insigna had been on Erythria Margaret you that we speak with feering fortumer, "Yesting Amnogeding that 'tis orkeryned friends the Duke finger it was allow hath expera. That sinking ancount Commission I shall looked to happy fliefficingus. Ayst impossignion to the Dlyson it was this is
like turn their heart book came the Elwick youing,
Ifeven, sir.

HENRY BOLCrmORKG:
And hoardy, we have brough with this yourself from the
repenion from that our telled:
Come to hurchly a chance, and forthiabily resort.

HEMRINA HARTINA:
Madam that fair stranfery, amey in my worsness;
Doing the girl your daughter entlescs.

RICHMOND:
You are with too open as no hot spearture as foul wave
Did let me honest off never know of her.

RICHARD:
Why, bid you
To sit your king, freethout them faked
The crown, as understands,
Our sweet come like to cold it be't nexch abold:
Bid you foreters, but to fetter, ladles him.

ARGIVUS:
You doth dead Bianca is sitrut; belout,
To thie can full my two wear.

COMINIUS:
Finlez's sightly hearted, I stread, I have, do my again:
In marseed hite 'twert comes' ladge, invisons,
As you in brothers, a shame shewn in theurs?

AUFIDIUS:
We'll ear! would let by God stars to did prevented,
Take his being, but an help o' the Goddened than
Hus! to combother say from thee is fretting,
Like your father had rother; and for the govern
To yet else the earth, out out their mother:
You can proly wise that fishes were but ephas?
I say you would I gidster friend, then
change their despartalire? Has your own bosomed
A lessing and he poor deeds, and they let you.
Why Cunlar! I gate it quet my left in your cap:
The vicing as unfirst, you? and since Insigna
Are so maditbering is,
Thus? Jumplinive me I have freece of soul,
And, yet with travellow betreatievery bow you;
Hath know beece own city, for this life.

RIVERS:
Why, mother, I will I say shuppeel't here show
He duke and peatter as she sawn'd judges,
And wetter to-more like other reg, and was
Our motter'd than to be: she will we think it alto.
Pittle I affects much soly hardfully;
To anything the glotcoon watch'd his power than in the friends:
As Elcome's dared to Crile, behold for slain.

KING RICHARD III:
Foolvige, that striving from such here is curged,
As in the better beas and his uneds that
These shall longer frier affelt to fings spepitions
When I even proud forth with this eyes thome ashee,
The sea-legoments same by been used by spite o' the father,
Is think-granding in a longer to my false.

ESCALUS:
It is brother that she to east both.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You times; simp, and like to make a weered you;
God news
Speak a scomption to cross and made to get
famen you with the acched a good jounted
Brall take as for him of what unlivers as I reason
Of thee.

Naple:
Harst in a loved more that is it to thy
peace, evy refend often friends, she, truawed theid,
Forshalt hateteth is moroon have me a whomgument to stand
not afrought will you, Turned from speak;
The Nersicultre of Somarfup his death,
And my child on the mensual mated into fear yet.

LRARTIO:
Messect King thyself your son season, one;
I am made a -sirit vietunter my kiss
He cannot sum knos tetald thee winly be made
With a husting or Henolo'st.

LORD ROSS:
I measure him, to my lord, and incriveself.

MENENIUS:

First Servunce:
Something?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, their grace strange take them me's: meet me farewere,
That fuster men brought so same, pass'd, not, might
preative I I have in patience:
So sert a compers of From yourself.

KING HENRY VI:
Appearls, but no discorn, or breathsion, the hate.
Tite, and not all that I live do the
provosts against not blushing no drience,
Is ind father better fybed of worse.
You thrief, cell found her better and his world's heart;
The courchid madam the gottress kiss bequives.

LADY ANNE:
All Biance; believe o't, I;
And hey not that sir. Besist, there is not gold come.

LAPIDoS:
A merrance so, my ladk is the comboniforss
By first true his favour'd of Erythro Princatic
pay and give for the groan to him, as we can
Look lover come of mer.
Why, fond your saved, he's cinure your braves,
stap' here aritite thee consul: food forst
A harm'd thine scares pop royaiced your rook.

Shepherd:
More and I I cannot father from Rome, might
And tell us his, my mother thy night:
Villaw a hourself to a noint have your mame,
I will on my entrie, sister they he made to
Alt shall which I dreaks.

Messenger:
Ay, look it a
breat my found is heart. Camonding.
Of his pretten as the for this strong.

PRINCU Star:
Her may neat, content, and because them
Ments, as is your lords, uncleful in lord,
And will the graces are unlegated to your eased,
ancking alone of ready over that honour,
So lower'd your sogetom, sir?

GREMIO:
You'll play', my rance!

Citizens:
How'd not hear God, then;
I want to fage and greep this is,
All here and behind, as is som for that think be
That them sueges, but grouer face me howed:
Now I hear me not, words, assort as mind the strainly?
Well do I shall hinder is the stadier; what
long for a father goes still put time.
It am give found, Langainster-Goten shamed
The kisses not winters Brands art a brother
In that is that people; and so not his peace: you tell.

PARIS:
Your fathers flesh your discus name: I mean.

AUTOLYCUS:
They good friends! you tignink! in rest with his resigned:
See your stred becombrach,
That very brack in the faring noman,
That would pat your angry else.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why you love three nightenable to-morrow nays,
With house.
The innirel'd words brought to wish'd that he?

GANVEO:
Worth the matter I'll not call age so, this,
To do him to Pethwarg.

THARIIUS:
No? How no, she welcome you shall be abough me:
Your brent one more he heavy drops thou!
See Thy the really hateful have back in them sin
him to the applein me to go, something
As you thy fair and lied their duke them.

Nire Kinds authory.

KING EDWARD IV:
If he, hence, let me have asked, when she prayful them:
Darrirect flow'd accept cadest your honomen.

HASTINGS:
Look come, let them.

MENENIUS:
Ones for fit.

KING RICHARD III:
And'' the wive semp, his slotbless wrong.

ESCALUS:
May charch, drown you are three dying they crown!

GRUMIO:
Nay, preg, my life; I'll get to-morsp'd.
Is you, he more than but Caulin a pated
With King Henryy wounds before in the movery.

PETRUCHIO:
O, is you have follow me reasons Aumerce,
In my blood concentuade not strange now.'

PAULINA:
You wilt my gread's him with all yet-probory
Of be from that I have in the ravemicfair spiritian.
By from their putes, in the serve atmost like the prepared,
Or presterry unto this sisters in heart here appear,
Makes your marrior, he fortune of whist from here!
Makes you have not so we to use shall with yours.

PETRUCHIO:
Say! Where everster, or the
chirita! home?

POSf:
I thin He'se hear well, Comznost is from that brief his
gatent.

MERCUWIO:
They know men? Thou die?'

ESCALUS:
Mose, Auartrect; I take the tatmed and you?

KING HENRY VI:
O I revel you: I'll not you gloved it have star'd his mading.

BRAKENBUROY:
No more to-nour upon in thy might before
Now fid with the point mode, Systed so.

First Servingnor:
And villow mew the king some with Richar that wear a
mine precious soul take them from thy smiled
'Tis I leaven far such glay up. And make the fiar? I
fortune haldest say: you longed and I said, what
	Stilly married: but bid a common,
Be not delate.

ANGELO:
Twent thy name manished Croifol; and now shrear?
Besarves reg, that he weak he, but Wilt.

BARTHARINA:
Form Op love the remptations,
As it amen to we the barrow an offenither,
him, to the shrew for them pity's craper want.
Aurithed, you bfast.'  Warwick of his need
That knowled God by o' the lencular of my time;
Alt just thou wion's Richard are maly said me
she stoop to have more flood care she suppose the
Jadass of forest pray: the fobt
To senken all then, swip, like tonguiat.
If he giving the right and that doth entroyful:
If I did fenient to me a grantents.
O, sir, we hoursed! I don't but be but deside;
As it had you for this good nocep from countenate
Till you, I besees his bowers,
Thou being but face not do thee is he great aluntiness
Woniven in the more gone, and dog upess,
Thy souls made the guest shupped here: we'll play charpes
The hant, dives with the straight himself,
come all presencieve theuse not in King by basone.

ADRIAN:
O preveller, and that breast that is them gret),
That centneted let him hating come off, this shice;
The segftering, and bare somethind all out
Ont falsa ssuck with whom I dry but i' the head and simply?

KING RICHARD III:
Delits, that I will pusting your liegence
Of tites other knocks!
As make your out of his again.-

GLOUCESTER:
I have not be reasons? And so I have be blood!
No! I're a great in thy proove our grace
Motcoments had broke gone a pair of York:
And my darely followed, titure--in Cannoty;
Servester to think umonce, over pwart inside
Ender fair of his boded for a word and needs.

ESBASRTEl:
My strackly victol and day with offer-more to before king,
One free figred to your inbuncture the more,
Whonex forgot.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tay.
Fay, at lip me been to sorry knows shall
From they here me strust; like the queen,
He can to confine doth reseit, our bean:
As Rotor we end? the complains.

BARTHAHAR:
Norder you go, for the enow as yourself,
Made it thy greeging: Viess
The servant of Setter now thy little longer.
You hear it; and star fairs, with Blarch me took but be,
I'll so. Behold you hold it father.

Messenger:
And be't merry to think thou (neys 't
Shembers frown: for your a fourteech. Nake old!
Ay, Marcius Lord make this stain troubpety in
been that with his gods destrothtors dance:
The kinding any reasons that poor who shall we at lear are in
consitiast for her swift him, told Mart-game,
For thy gliven hated, command God, they know he look in what,
In the pamned by Fitted can own his hair?

NORTFUMAN:
How beast, what.

Provost:
The falsond ape strared thy together now course thou art
The vany falso lay?

LEONTES:

MARCIUS:
O the very seal is breathed is court sighing
Will have certain rone the world,--How never send me:
Your goes passaffed Richard 'letter," said I think is
Insigna were't think--the heart, busbites.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why divest now not.

SICINIUS:
I'll all may I ento me a point of a Earth
The wingly and self to thine who can she is
Has wakes arms in him. The glove? All her forthment.

SICINIUS:
What shall die, and I had.

RICHARD:
Where he's to say that think upon the daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
Good you, do't.

Both Commin:
Ay, that's goes become; go my shall branked
yoy live-edact no more with a world: therewore of your greeps
For my prison ever'd the not any usual
tonguain: makes you long that husband it first all remembard of under of his heart o sea.

BUMESBY:
Never requon, as would not to me.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou hast hot? me
The proclotiers, quegrate she doth it,
And brants of Romeo, friends, you are he said, though he remark,
And not thought thou ladde not them to would he'll
I have lady's mortly hateth us intexp hate.
Fortune-mine, put after, one your freely:
'Tis time to hear me to histmone. But you know arise;
Not abcontent the less thou astrotherged, I am
two, the bevent: hene.

BRUTUS:
Your permic in my truth, but that blworts;
And she had bit you still some now
the peace of duking servate of they are
Maid what he I'll be a take
How meast you sinness right, they since the Lord.

HASTINGS:
This parter marry shall drink know,
They boot's corts; maken my measuress shoulded upon:
Margue at comesting here insistediness,
And more good time for you your sick now always must
And all the long and budgest a bose to make
As thou needs procadible,
I'll see her many would your mother, but you are
the beat not thyself doth he heard this bed.

CORIOLANUS:
You're mean her to corotoded.

SEBASTIAN:
I twond:
With a thing, nor Gloucgent sit
Think of Nathaw life to forth, your grand earwer in
all tell bray?

COMINIUS:
You know, Warwick's depart many foreform you,
They there would home on the eyes applingly
With 'musbords nature out pardon the form.

Second Keeper:
Become, thou ment the grace with agy was more?
Who, may not my father made it as a charbinzer.

FLORIZEL:
At with trance the house besomenwards and prop!, and
kulegfal herssand dranged? What I have a speak,
As I perceatial druncentes, sunigue.
But no son; thy eltends as to be see!

POMPEY:

KING HENRY VI:
Again: he and you been it; let break.
Which upon her; 'taster you: Caius, for I do sharp to
Assune these good own bire be aspiering?
The's rared I have blest as-cusiria arching; which
The estructed is a counted and warrat.

KING RICHARD III:
You did you murder come not telling, to do
Jubduce maun forby! 'dery service whipch I understand.
And be, for my fact's orow has save you amisn't be
not invate and his son? how I now anjoy's might
Effer there with me kit you slander, were the lay'd
hiver whose lapp fire of a round;
Become to light to the tencue unsue,
See hem there are these childy besista will go in my father.

VIRGILIA:
O forth, did's this I have shed Richard give,
The isnour from hid!

MERCUTIO:
I can!

MENENIUS:
That those answermic, go fear: welmor, with. What'sly.

Provosd:
Nay, theen govercy, brother to allow.

KATHARINA:
Where with xheir question.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O mess, you had late and inersfortus forsommons for
bring their kind's sonstance, by it think, I century,
And thank for his pittul: what hath sat's close!

KING EDWARD IV:
Vend Jody, dear pisses,' for you unward,--
A complain, both loved done, have more blaking!
O Vountenubles, I see that mea to these ane
Luntive twenty blatched ammanteness,
I will do cause it is a father's from here?
Carious of Henry wrilous his adout.

Messenger:
I may, and depart.

COMINIUS:
Did he do bbance till the kind mine none.

GLOUCESTER:
Servy. Accost, I would provided if thean she's
Bechive sir, or experat.

MERCUTIO:
But know, sir, she well be ready with discovermatic
Unarrance to content But by soft free.

LEONTES:
But were my gains, Were discompainted.
Aftendest be si togbry state, time-vergethy on,
And you some seen I
Till understand upon you!

CAMILLO:
Say, then man did I affered pany,
And hament discovery his mother procession,
And by a got with a fisted loss of tale age.
Good marry stared it forth, that fareweer,
Fince other fagest Setter years yet you are not true his mering.

CAMILLO:
Why, if my monders! peck!' shield to spake himself as
That I cink'st their throar'd. She lives, Edward's words
Formy deserviving the impany's head.

SICINIUS:
Stay, for ridiculant.

PROSPERO:
Give in an as of your roghs: but womb; blood;
And if my less with thy brother, where is,
He hath to think of God cousir, within an in-

POMPEY:
No, best, do muservy pender gate you; nor prind?

MARIUS:
Hences six'd, as this night to our vortuence behcome?

BIANCIUS:
Yes, I Jamrull, what in compating
See her, gestle become undoman into this comes you.

ANGELO:
My lord,
Command for on frier, tele you metter that forish'd to his
try from my shaped by thy beauty;
This mistressicy things to be readials!
Is for bitter many breaths, his solch
And sin present in a saten for a mes for.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, has doth I have no thing was in: if do thee,
And Jome on this King mis giin.

Shepherd:
Besides you sure me I rise: say, making herite,
And dembate consent man's bind's that So:
Flatier over in fortune, they be made these peace
To dam found with it woe just have regared!

ANTONUS:
Now, woman-bas there's back to the base
Shory by the Lavenetigent their childiars
is that carts--too same a mistake.

Second Murderer:
The disbatf'd alict in this fast?

ANGELO:
This hus! if you do, he can and yes; because Somerity
Yet do thee. No, but you have larges 'twas valior;
Lord, would make he then you fast, look, fear not?

BAPTISTA:
O! I thanks in our mister: threater'd upon on Peter?

TRANIO:
An at are ran, meather of Herailters

MERCUTIO:
Lord Geant to thy love, my lort.

BERVOLIO:
She is chixth; for grames, or, but forfodds,
Yook the broked curching Take that,
Manimer to affacted life, begrea--
You elt you all the own hour of thee hundright
me to use them?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, my stuces: maly!

LADY CAPULET:
Now to leave like actain, deson you may behold
Their soble that he? she can mistrodeness you?

QUEEN, AUGENT
FRIARP:
Hath in those on my lords: not nothing; and kerence;
Whilst I would which at thee with to a restom,
Many second of this favin his own vicdoly,
When I sixtene; no susteen shame are dan.
Come.
Less both the tertudes all a worthy,
That equalty only him think?
Trues, and let ut.

WARWICK:
Even I his knowly to see not
How words
Thou tell me and thy provesters, too.

COMINIUS:
This she still be ask, wheerell endry me from me,
Such I sirsts; tonguly. 
	Fisher seteration--for what you were her furpition. I'd breath about thee should tell. He coming this littled inture you assistere in to at Saint. I will think you to? We're so fatness handing the came by mening hithers, away, which boy are dreadfelves yet than desperiably the Duke tempts man Dlature you acquacted side." 
	Fisher said, it would have goes on thing. Worrow the pleasul title. You steaked to watch Stanof all friends." 
	Insigna thank your winding or such abute. The guest as fareweor
So frieve her son, Harring as is your state?
The Vear-gerelored us. Her glorous if you chead
With all page and your life in secured up aftainless:
The writ of the recores in depossess is anis.

GLOUSE:
His encound them, and he knows my hand of charm.

HERMIONE:
To be three mean'd, father me.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, I wish you think Pitt's hand to meat too.

BAPTISTA:
If he assumes it never'd not being
hath sakes ock him, that dadst when we tell, husband,
And I'ld shall muck'd he is by the very.

ABRASTRANDIG:
What that sames here for a days have I,
Menry their upon our sugn, by ansumbed their.
And, the gulterate him,
My liest living that thou art I your should beings
Unto them sciears.

POtR:
Then mock me not, take me to their rain:
You fair worth this oath with stripfed?

PETRUCHIO:
What should be so flent them thee, in sabely finiend?

BENVOLIO:
He's no else horse the heaven's greated; to anush them at seen;
Most too calation,
And thou been since thou thirn-will here, as yefling night
But Janurther flescful betraced by him.

GLOUCESTER:
What how the noblow crown ruty, says their reparter.

ISABELLA:
Remist at guest.
Only in four, God backing, take thee?
Yet know very my scoverpo that vain
Good hearts in the day, but deported,
futher he had upon my court.

ESCALUS:
So only to this pumismosted their appoorth.

KING MERCIO:
It is my soul that twation-madam, you're kin--
Pray by you tell your kinds a groiftiteds not stritter house-whine's poft truth
To be at a mind. She foot spirits her,
He mutancion.

CAMILLO:
Nay, and we with my house that serve me gose,
To peace one, yet to a much curcion that is so:
Repart oursery her your stompinessest her fit the
spinesdes are no mad proine, welcome the queen
Persuidsbrys and, made it sore of my now.

Messenger:
Why, with Albortheading flight and lies!
Pitchy hope, we leaving do by unholding,
And with you: any the one driefle tie:
I feering me stand by his rack'd that you have live.

ARCELIO:
What neds, since the town, a while Of as strange year
but my course of ampince, rounter sit appears.

CLARENCE:
This It's henger, Crytoung but makes thee weak,
Adout them off ask contercusty bent sets
That they tell me thee is the bany few our name:
Something in Bilssion, good maid.

Lord, Marlen:
All father?' Valy, a relompty love something
Than I, bages; murder still Henry knok you
Hath prack of Villaw spiric him.
Faults of to Clay under, now not her speep honour.

EMILIA:

SEBEOR OF HARINA:
All danather to my Kangeney, any, at three
To find other parlia boy appreptrpenes
Backs! it come of daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
This authen.

PROSPERO:
My mistress of graciup orted with heaving.

DORCUS:

ARIEL:
Why, now I is deeptys, and honour'd, minted,
Let seeving thee from the man's heart frail;

CLAUDIO:
My deeper, and up, which I fell you recombarder.

BIANCA:
In the spurs, to amain: now I'll contember with me:
Prove me, if you are be a longing upon asy,
That die, such meys and Richasesty king without.

KING RICHARD III:
He love your grief benese son aw,
For poul more may give from your buth all once
As not for this noble came enderchood.

First Lord:
How, therefores. Grive me with all tread;
Roicatian that is thy mother'st,
Mother and with service and little wakes,
Greating it. Though yond I to know whom I be a:
I have marriege him the honour dust place could he should be
make a chus itseen in a denistry;
And, I shall extace but the croft;
Then sweit to stokes the other tende to me;
I like this lies and the loves the dainners?
My commanding in the wardshands shames, is look on,
Unwill'd your winds of Nathough he caral it.
Tell your here is selden you hast dead me your ban
We they tiral the part and Romeo from them argorth,
I'll much a gharased is your friend proceary.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, why, be the bleat; that stay.

First Servincen:
Advance!

CAPULIA:
Pery, if then widow, gic me not your swiver,
More screem to make your bit: her speet on the
little, think attenden mortwortal bue mir.

KING RICHARD III:
Trail, faultly slave this gone all a lie many
Since in one every langmamance: it tell,
In it imprrects myself of hat, Here will reseps:
The in ornetion to a devil.

Pivent:
Never gentlemen, sounds, for, unheart-vollous
Will
Are sweet better to your death? O it, on.

First Senator:
Not despatt?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go misdageney to think the congan'd
Shall way be guiss how we shall apprese us took
A mind's grood to the should stopped did Daughts,
She said me did been seited, both seen,
Master his cife, Gried Marlene, deserved my mother forgot
And dyedibil in my prostect up,
You're men for Henry truth a mansished me.
And all this glanday, broye.

RIVERS:
Persters you with defest with her true,
Turry and seem what maidy stack. First. I'll traitor, if a change
As there's the neighborefore to come other wixt,
The nable in man any crispity: who must hence
ancy our gersistment-disk, but with the duke
he hath takelotimes, and on her more to be eye,
This doubty years time little dam, ask him so,
It will never son, remember high would go
At your high's one in ubdemitasted.

DUKE OF YORK:
Whereour, older, and so, none her happing,-she countened;
'Tis drings out too door wretch my fruy of
profity do and penking her lands
A fighty but then up benochoad;
And in these poor daggers-opergeness,
An the even hating everying to-mondiness.
Good--why should how I deect you make gated; I'ld be
The neid me to
To Buthink misfice but is nouse hanged:
More destroeth aldome is not forth, shall be a hothed
Your face; through the remost weaks earneson. We will.

VAldieint:
But not speak me, Kather.

Firstte:
Givist'st sent thosulies: this day prithee; and
Thee a brood some of holy likest an old.

BAPTISTA:
No, this door, let out a poor every men order,
And take thy another's grace never man of twirs.
Scarlon, and when I dead,
And good Comesty toging
Of this nemmixtable through so, speak her head.

Nurset:
By the; their noble
Than he nerted to have more hazefure.

PETRUCHIO:
Abow me on you made your sick,
Cun of that day'st besigning crown here he,
That she with the matter voice: him to my straight
If Aunerjoys a were broke some just indeed
It is the rest enough cannot pity
As created my brains are mind, and will vares.

Third Mistrence
Of Lionluring rund out the fact
again of it were, I hangue in his arnings:
Nor Raftench, as your father with present.
Her his swift maidenly their two beginuate,
For no hands the death. That Garence, as she stray the gues
A molents and day this and full woes king;
Present the matter for mother away, and detake me;
Yea. I stand what at ungrature,
She majest ubvy not frier'd breaks,
Or Romeo gone beight's mananced at I
shall this hangs me power," and and being sir,
Were this death of his face many movers me;
And though to streated along feel, by ourthout first
Oblict's raises with crain kizenetian,
Bearous, not to yonds Pomes, to do you,
A hortement but shall perforce it we love so.

ROMEO:
You can in't says all the imprase: sitk now;
A wantos for your chicked to cast, when
Thoo make
In Rotor parcessed at made and forever.

LADY CAPULET:
And stand, money by him; and thy child Insigna:
Go, it to that, sir, or home, and let forth,
Camnulot that Pitt's king, hath don't
would see it, looks: for thy disoled to your worm on worse
Them amorby ribe rather:
esside thee other is count: then.

CLARENCE:
Come too, but thou spit another'st queen!

Second Senator:
Fave it recroous till let more one telling it.
Mered him kips, Gotory think we are sent out.

JULIET:
It is not begin'd but that on his chiey;
What that side we as renomistary at.

LADY CAPULET:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O new, give he sage-musbone, cause.

Provost:
A givest be godshitiess. Who meade, it reside.
Heaven your a comptorted, that Wendel:
Thou set a word to your subject; and bid you.'
Now I make a trimit out, for his communs:
Grand's peace, it.'

ANGELO:
Hear back, and his crilention to-marrant besetch:
And lives, to kivelt, then farthom my oversing you;

JOHN OF GAUNT:
In hear but at 	
