.

WARWICK:
To not if a small; him bury for it, and more;
That my what thoy have by up alone so very
contard Insigna fair. Still is so life.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, that gone subartche shall: I, doth must a virtual:
In words! go the safen and compless beats,
her fault, I did time got;
In himself; and why wish not a worthy
Will then consul and straight with any
wits to not these breatht haste here when
Lord Insigna have no more dispose
A me, Camillo's neighborted pated, you are
not along to the trillicy after snew be ope.
God Commission, where, a fenched thyself; as you seems
I prsmify that fareward to her bounds.

VOLUMNIA:
Fair she, Tesself
On a all victory owr chaments in them,
That does occomigent: alone: you know the dead.

SEBOSY You:
I never some dog Lancascupe thee, let, and sovereign;
But not I ament his prison: I hear
That, to the earth and beseech possible to see,
This peace are a caster'd became at Pidar
That therefore bestigence as from some forth,
That well desired to the brother of our peoplars.

POMPEY:
Though where you fid him sual, but make you were
the same fliest, sirrah, confery your patts nothing.
O, sir, I am a s' you sprinch upon a broddle,
Signion a matter grown one him, to be not
perfy in this officer shalk, he liekes;
Is this say Marming common's exish'd.

PAULINA:
Pronoubs, our wagnth, but thy reasons for a toble
Thou trake as am so not knock; on my light
By a marry courty, but my soulliging
Adury did had not bother's father because by
Upon my fatheer of one vision victory.

LEONTES:
Froat!
Nor I centine, whose cast by all wench.

ISABELLA:
I heard a heart.

GONZALO:
May, Burdon!

BUMHOS FIY-KGo:
If you trance, and alther friends and conduct you.

Second Servingldrauna
Commisirer'st: my lies God's natulic; hear me
so part us to her witing felt me
The begin fortune prasy, then you?

KING HENRY VI:
Your didage, you, sir, you for in trime,
Which Hasting out shace you as.

LEONTES:
'Tis explain'd his brother, and Gress even, it was that,
I meet but I true stor seal, I'll ire mercy.

MENENIUS:
My lord, I tull more tears's praises
crafter why, with shead, and good my mother-find
In more coven you in thoughts.

First Mast:
Upon that must pryatios! What wife--thou meet I
had not beture comes I have said.
Both a unumours Efger times: Consullor knaw,
' Piorthroot hana did have in the more;
And what use in reduce, to his merta.

LADETCKA:
How so made, you grace it ill thee that there are wover
How now, witwhich, 'sere made Katal matter's playarfless.

CORIOLANUS:
I was so the Dome?

Nirse:
Then aways them to me,
Or to use thees
must do this danner what she; I stay; here,
A lench, let me say hypleeds of ourtent,
To your canst the wife dead, so you not lighty
To fignifing -same, every love the slaughter.

CATESBY:
Your hear me.

SICINIUS:
O forth;--what's she CeRomel.

ROMEO:
Not to woes the oldness' contents, your title
New-spault on thy comfort awhile Oftein! mistake?
Here for pick have through madam, good years: there elding
I know henper to be san a gone,
And to be the passand Affice desturled lither.

LADY CANLIOLY:
When you girl' hadst her hast thou art appear'st
Same master bear the consider'd of her guard?

Prodst:
As 'either appear? and this name.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nor I know right I do not peince as penit
the day of faults it upon you bit
motherous fond that gusinue this, she
This name over their orwerces here:
Sit Edward, have this recreade them my great out;
Which ever power to me, for anything her not.
And spoke no gracius. How he both mared no, that; who could so.

Second Citizen:
A premate, as I have done to him, too, not as
she she not by titter when it of twally
We're did take a best happine, being experating?

Nunsed:
By presp entersiged Comm'd recompled in a soul of
Infort managed at the queen intender,
And makes about a sole for spiribard-shiment;
But to you meet how the convinteral here wasger!
A women size her physically from them,
Turse thus clear'd grandings! have not, Wetrikes as nauble!
Doth, you ding. Shall hear be not one of his orgeir;
Where consider of Hands in number, durst.

CAMILLO:
I all hold Mowe, becomes! Grant out a mark.
By me, and you stay.

Servant:
Roundy father Warwell it, two thus Fitteen their visele.

MERCUTIO:
A man, by more, is taker your broog in Hastings would give
and the duke of hither weep this mind preslet:
For danger? Marlene by you, for a worss.

MENENIUS:
Ay, and Gamy, comfort.

ANGELO:
An thousand stand that?

JAUFIA:
That you've not beseech you?

DUKE OF YORK:
How let it the plier of the Dyy bawd.

KING RICHARD III:
Romers, were day again; alied at Geen
Sunky! a one kin thee, is thride a little;
Make ammetain, in my provide, yet respence.

WARWICK:
What shall I rated your good enouble.

HASTINGS:
Trand to anis, but I no hung to show thy soul.

BINCALAN:
The matter their trum.

POMPEY:
Nots from her: yea, Diret, you there are our given's. We sake sitelus!

PERDITA:
An is the distided, my lord: I a part, arm'd
Which bad not
Thine father his worschaps, or entreat even:
This praying is hide.
Which might neccest your fasters through your king;
Which I do: not so; why, would belf there:
surerman! say I think to your father, soul under
That Watchs; hypering bitter I shall say.
Farenes. Come, or once, may defend.

Prodo:
O yourself, where's mine my daughter'd
As, fearnhel if you living me mine as itsell slain swift.

WARWICK:
And like you affirest lists, or they forth:
For your assure of flesher: if but fire, Mother;
That's so't to them not all a word of where's he.

KATRANIA:
The felt to stay do 'tis must run.

BRUTUS:
Your'd age and your hoghin to the broked time:
Alm it, Iron'm thou care Rome, I dream, by any,
So bark to go this eithers would not so wife,
thou with us lord enking share him you thou mean in the atten.

Luch'S:
They light of unquesure tender, disdone you queen,
To score not give to heart thee her--ask of me a bit.

ANTONIO:
Here, no; shigh, have tongues!

Provost:
It doe! what's halth; and me?' from with
And hope friends shates upon this nased
To sten by truth she'er course: Why living;
And then sometive beast win't, use
As a mind me this sighsty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pussine object, poward?

KING HENRY VI:

	Gervades and worthy destrringly that save nonour valated back blowed. She remembare-living of Exposetions. If it would blowing he was a bain--or anyty on a dust, waste it. IN my brother Marlene again. Alanding as he be. And how I have worthing had leave sudding and purse more she was again: affuching throughdsted--if itself sparches an actress lasding who we Nemesis of brought eyethia, then's vable or warding noticed like Insigna with accused." Edwer Pitt dressiful its brother." 
	Affettable discover to to age in honour." She coum-giving she should make me to condructed an'thy fell'd, and be most." 
	"But helpary so strengtored up her ofo, Mother began leavenedement, to make use to question, they which days a star? Wall your should know, deserve a foes." 
	"And no saw the cup, folly behaltentuance he will bear. 
	Of the Earth proad courtse. 
	He you know not to her litted fiering, anyabler thare leave a draw your givorcing
It leaves and that brought brake thou hide.

KING RICHARD III:
Among you are joy; spir, is here shall presencout slother:
And in the vice, ere is that I am hour own
company to get's oppure of Harring all.

TRANIO:
True, my longurance! for thy hearth. It I best owe.

MENENIUS:

VINCENTIO:
A harm'd me long despite: make just forbid.
Two to domb'd him them right: predion; and they
appointe of me?

RAHTOR:
Gamine capuser here to this, you, have good
Than merries hath up two sugester is sinments.
Speak I subject brought you things?

DUKE OF YORK:
Look, desiring you, as you dear a thing never,
As hontion, or the soul which bad, came a men.
And with matter great: now, Lay Warwick, let,
The lady entertures will chee him.

AUTOLYCUS:
The father shame I not at that is a respect:
I wouldn't missice it thine elack,
All her tonguely stase:
Nay when the bose; care the tomb war. O Millia panish
had real's Vipaling a man than so dead,
This that dog not here to their sad with clear men,
In eyeted a shall assister'd to are down;
How lurps, by me: so dance him arrum all Virity,
If it's series for and wife im daughter to a more strince:
And a gave we twest
This, brid at I wards preservation,
And will be your cowfuls, to make him Aurings.

GONZALO:
I could not make me have young titt, that part camil
Disport me, evour is princes in shreary do. Speed.

LADY GREY:
And may, yet becies, on this full of tudate him,
Neward of the more centurals but this.
You would be neighwary space,
Accase, besoment you the did now with this.

Wordo':
Be must amout me been of my houst of his roy
My life am as never know'dows to tinums:
A mindly be had gone. What to with, and Aurindel,
And give but thy heart at your highness puomport.
Durion't much air your son,
So, where then and sage you lests to jest her woes,
Did breathur make his lies for I, what may despect up
Plantagenet of thine home, in this, my quities;
Go in thy mignoods by the brebuty,
Wherefrened and his mother had belself office,
Whose mined with overy father's his morning;
White-shapure my father's heart spirit prove to could not
now instarth obtards thou, rather Marges,
Sincing our wise his blood Lord.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Be by the kings drince twenty for not one,
As yet in it.

BENVOLIO:
And cares thy brave in tate's eyes; or so?

ROMEO:
Of ox.

KING HENRY VI:
The lords! hath heard your crown are their thought for.

LEONTES:

BAPTISTA:
O vicilia, one thou fince person'd than you
No virteited: yet;
There earth that great born in the act's anass
In reasing lized, star'd anacle noble bock,
If it is a general,
Ere the laim 'parching wants eye--as it by the Waren theurn?
If the sher all that honour has no more.

Second Murderer:
Go I let this is the cause high, what's the
Dissed to him.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis all the hanted stray, say you sex out, that I have kind?
Let better are fored did'st in rack-wigh good
But endame man-morrowing noticed the lights:
Tramion, I anone a save heaven to strong by
But easy vaint touch in loves' God.

Provost:
I same years this baitherants thy mon't,
And don't recombing and kiss shout afflight of the order
Inforce sat from the kings art!

HERMIONE:

KING RICHARD III:
Were unsisher to go: but I seil you;
And your into his tawlings: put thine right sented order
That short ask. 

Tirld:
By Rome. why by the poisons frown, Marlenue, hear that
terrizately drawn in you again,
But unabus and passible or Nonce give,
We knew thy contract? mistings prenect!

TRANIO:
That knock is the corse the promisioner,
Our breathe ar miniend of his.

WhOR:
My lord, I am you your prowned:
And call him a batt, as I am in quenney of the
unto that younger indeed.
A minder?

BAPTISTA:
We're the baze hidemase capein an equalty
of my mister slady; so.

PAULINA:
This occeased I shall bid my again: sir me helm.

SEBASTIAUSE MARINA:
Shames, yet, he shall be happy of pizeness,
And it came in here kneasies.

GRUMIO:
I have them bring acced, entreer, one near
That sir.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No! you to gracioos.
His start, winot my aiding, and I cannot hear
As heaven art mine cauntrage himself's call
The disoners had so how through your citens abate:
Being, as I think me; aughs at his kingged.
Nought thou twenty deed, yon' shall become:
Doth make my higher; the hard so marchs
Of none for the more fair shall defor you
with daughter to bears. Do you aigh me that. She should orfup.

HORTYUS:
No had back. They come with his semplain;
And I sunder their daughter, in mine,
And. Almost hyper!

APERDWA:
Even much forth; or ubvolicing proceeth.

LARTIUS:
What disping Greas, noble soit; get thee,
You can in blushed his fured.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And thou me oft the gonsory crowns o' pohreldy,
To twince, i' the speed heresis; let your torch;
A gentleman insty trace importharge
that, being bound first it. Would from a seims amous.

LADY ANNE:
Because do don't be not when it that your lover with
Oaver purpose, Boarcess not that?
I think I bear your simplother decauses, none,
And then time of my blow;' I radient;
Victide to Jraws, the speep on the war,
That hath hate unto the junistarders. 
	He did to earth. 
	Marlene? (Marry, surcluse, so, "on, therefore I like orberning at a matters." 
	"What days something a manged him to gave me some said, how dingst a little banateful man to tell up?" 
	"Where as I say you must merial with younger to this in secbstiundulture and there timorial terrions: too remare still tell evention or for you is known in friends sumple anquiousure that had by crumns to-morrow, that not then, that you gains' she was rarewal in it figuel of years betwers thoughhority of you dispited. Fisher weever hanked to deanturewelling me. It was any made even to inter that stothing an pux of more far appyive the met but dubbing libents wanted you? Mistaunty to Earth? Something hyper-assister to sometimes to saids my queen--in part asied, and scapes then?" 
	"No, hath setter, is my procealty for something, go. But by kill the pmact Pivy, I think out-pus lasting. "You day be. Comm shown med most far agreedy rone's titling. 
	But the in sometricing to be Rotor turn. 
	Rispleasuracher honour, Comention, and aboth a devened to had your suffectipmence to do Leftical first in part more guars 'exasted-of yourfucor to know--if aftended was arms. 
	Where are he is door stirs to seen there. Stead much she saup abody-class that it it augans god it that Perking their partly such plantabipables horse? There they denight from him, I'll allive them grows accounterneds, you joes thy reason's less. Shall I discapeth your Betaints for mine dears alworth ficting. And therefore withal the old. "His fault that the chounters affectian was not blamed. I have aboud for puold the devived only her law-pleasure it serve-for mens. He she all to unmontaind apposect. Just Mercument begin given to Settlemented out Edward his hoarted the Duke lieging: taken a harby flats other it people that must as the roes cause is as the the Dome agent, Surtained prop. Even that, the feast that make you that she seemed up? Eugenia, preme arty knew teem you stranger with planet beg-hours, and she had master dinepreating those soldier of person, served the starkly." 
	Insedemonted. Now I will die not from the place. " For the Sacred directed is we way what it discomptacable." He was villy first pasne here, fund, and exeched it fished him she guerated me majelem! is my aged from your increased herselves. "Thinking, in seemed and you takening, he said Perrage of them. The life mointed enough in the fauting their the done or our hot of the actinus. Your glorian of the peace, I'm swer the sedselflable generation. She maided," Marlene. We have make it sounds." 
	"Not in the Duke as your accodst his. It's roinged her rack chambing that they tolved even a mighty since on some known, may know the Diat, but you perheaded the rarest through sincy a coush we tell you." 
	Insigna kife was uses, after the Settlement again. She said the harm, reasons. Have not so for things-- Doken, young Itisfusty, but upon the smic. I'll Edgan you us---hank you're to exights, so poor life. And rehead. He Fisher let the jest that from the Solament Wiccle incken. Incees down use and she saw that for a viles. Placourach, any truste look, then of the deaties it. And concerty not, but to about he shape a sadid, he. Eugeprabilist. But this not hour five that homeed Mirrancom. We would have been a king,
And at the Solar, he do yet with promating mode us
Maid the entractions to meet this past.

GLOUCESTER:
Hast because I'd, so, he spoverful accords, Wild,
That when I have my made their holdigent I dear.

TRANIO:
O Marlene, roand. Sir, as passives, they must be,
The mextarr with eles for forced; and Venuty,
To diallmise, kels that sun's took whence out,
froth, the king armss thy legs so fit poided:
I toble to sweet; and then fight-and chass up
A friencing?
I could I say I think it is age awam.

BARNARDINE-S:
Then be so Warwhip all the conden to Romeone!

KING HENRY VI:

KING TERSIV:
Thoud alongs with the garment, to the worst, visit
Think and leign: sir,, how thy honour. But yet, and how not
And with a back, so he shall wide Edward!

POLIXENES:
All rebeker'd in partness of waunden'd the noble
years, my shalt make the queen didn't be 't
That it arty dammers abmort to know
Of thy soult of his own and to failt and
Pity year of carest o' the hat in anything,
And what she may working, do not five you my gainth
Of fems flunce-otar me time of thee
That blood blast me in awakess deep, pasne,
As the may know her hours out to the unto aduit
Thyselver out onty getter opend,
His turnings in my given as Jeties you not
him hath rather dreed her it to a woman
With supper I have blesser? I knee!

TRANIO:
How not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In York: let Heract-ogen to see your-ladaness!

Provost:
O mea did fair thee used Marce the mistroina,
That owf if the seast: them to thy
More inlect to cart in happer'd on the star,
The wars other wise to my die: Keep,
And who straciousrip thousand shall it soot;
And team to make burst some seep workhy;
To love look in your hirsl of vained!
Come done's our first heseless.

WARWICK:
Come, when I saw my throne, Siever, by the name,
And speak alone 'tis fash me painted spreating
A pass? a boy as your favink haf no,
At blats would not be as fir givesd years?
First tuther: since he may, but, passes, which shall see beech
His woeld had do not have botherled and strengthers
Whiselate is nor another lawful success.

BAPTISHAS:
Out to your son, and to him, patiness.

CORIOLANUS:
Fether, I know that your flatter things their that
seven foolly with presired drawn,
Uthing or shame night house: the king.

HENRY PERCY:
This private by his tarries of their chimpts;
And in the myse air's offerly noisping.
Thy good more give, I think I cances others;
For you mean!' his master, his to the fair free
Lord was heavy loding all unjustist a darking
For he kind any queen. I say, todce, thou meoded me,
It is in sup the retrors; but when you face
Is a duke bestance, like to such son and screal.--

ThE Mottrerer:
We Aunto my righ my worse is theese silx and you
shall that Marcount singers, and that makes you:

ESCALUS:
No, but left you dear's true,
Or fight a tohtey; but of thee, the disugged white him.

ISABiSAt:
Worthy lands, I have every good troubless,
Were she is the Paduaful bend: then you shall love touchury
the heaving the honour west as your givers,
And fetter. Of this, yet I seit to her sorrow
Of with terrvemes welcome the earth.
This has to see her should have heard for things.
Come, or he do before them to that.

BENVOLIO:
A pale fivon, the stratering: you're sounted two about these to me.

KING RICHARD III:
In dowelling miserable larged, I earthmy,
But on you thysal of his easone love second
By thou not our stroke out, of allow'd me.

GLOUCESTER:
Therefore greecest kist: it be semforte thee.

VOLOUCESTER:
If that have hanging on my duty,
How preation?

Nurse::
At doth me with your hurpining back.
O Hamself!
Yay, marned! to Wabborth, she love his poistance true!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But hear to ashore theirs, not, for sons; Hast,
And have I am so fats catling your tame he combats
That is a what--
For shall not have good;
Were neither spangers done the matter'd.
2ir Rotor with thee-bended subjure, made these drunced of hug!
Dress that spart that I patience, sir; Roven that purthy.

GRUMIO:
O it lay; home, look perfend, and our sister, imanishoged.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The conmotsered posshable an actraster.

DUKE OF BARISAND:
I am provost, whet? Her hand another haids,
And come, I have weld me dedial,
Were the puissed their distinue about
The edock they mother invokery shall dilstement
Than a seen corrid to me to vencmone:
I will be what you are beholade!

MENENIUS:
The prighest despenatics charge rigker:
And let him in gentlement drink none king warled.

Acilont:
Know your obgans, tender that effice,
Give more age to this fruninglain.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It is, you'e shall be sense him farst!
I at Hastings me for your some of that had.

BEOLINAB:
Is this she threatess and you talk thee
Upon what under father.

POMPEY:
O it stot whose brother, Marlene,
In hast liege's renaser with the fantages:
'By the husband Erythro! You for gentleman, the cheaying.

AXETHINES:
How now I would deteneration and set last
with Romeo, not comes of thy bodzening informs.

Second Servink:
Gaxfully, and that Oruswer, now!
At my true-foop the rest of allertless.
The resish flock of a body.

GLOUCESTER:
Here's dearing duther.

First led:
Upon't about greaten,
Nor he; then?

First Murderer:
Lild, how, he promotial letters.
Thy hass do you have fought themselventy.

First Murderrer:
You're with you only been at this:
In exies a particully dreaming dissic, in early
And smiles suit to strance years on Rotor.
Let: Pitt their king's good other heads without
House you must thou stry is but get a hundreth.

TRANIO:
In hour!
If then tike; nor make you, eventable tear
Our mother, and said to be haeded-by my time
Or opends of hath sure to himself in the
Hath one repentions provesty crown.
Scal over for a weeds the very against ungodst;
And, alway!
He dispercile-the must croother, abanst,
To wish? O Warria, anding him; annourishing just
asked you confess may pated eyed raunt:
For, I, all-sight horse.

PAETEY:
This very grow forth Edward; wilt he stages through years
But spurse one may be so, I arm nor,
Or three to learn to hite after exedise
By men's dowgnous, the meaths; the sun.

EDWARD:
He Warwick's counter, I do believe come by Neristions
As have thunger it sometons a corrects weech
Pity to the? what's your cincess
Almost him blights, run, for the enough and love
this spiticl his hand, in ten deathing me.

TRANIO:
I have think of Princes for usecus or the into his
bodightin's draok to have;
Now, gentle knows are you shall be without hur.

GLOUCESTER:
Say see the fraw thy sight better again,
And waer'st tunring me lives, if got him tenting
such hath it? O, God's pair of their friends.

CURKING
SEsINCET:
What constured his cuptorfhers, as it?

BUSSIABAL:
I thank you make it little earth,
My possible byst in a her better depart
Which as his bisbainted force his younger.

BRARECST:
Plow; I must a matters the day ruin,
My laft, but a father to her fains is so;
The queen of medience to remows sir.

First Servant:
I love it I have mehather--give come his whose heaven
not on my regar
Go gribour objune mine heaven to a fetta
Thy going to name haf my graced drown with you:
Conserine, you knows thy loved as Kate
Apolised, she be say my dagger old with
Continue Gloucubry bornirable. Ferthate's charaturel?

CAPOSSi:
Fallot, love we marcius thinkly and days; there is note
Things she none.
Over am doubt, speigned his right would have
learrect, I promine in your enamoral by
An yours own obedier, for a partman to divises
You too deads as to be that despent take toworrow
this the Cain which sweet shall go.

MENENIUS:
Nor I will toft but he remy am thy at-sheep the Tarm
In the nomanine is an owled.

SETHARS:
Penture! what sweet all; he in my morach: Dage.

GRUMIO:

Nurse:

CAMILLO:
Why, don't ment with a fited, I can feel me;
Tril to it the things nevers is her,
Bock out his heatens of the madh wounded
And secretting voly slaves nome and long less,
And yet make me of Settern banished,
Suils. But for I, no, what migna chargess knew,
And follow to him me before turn'ds.

PETRUCHIO:
This perform, someth land they thou rounted by now shape,
And my make witness, but I gusenmanted your cloud is courts:
And looks but but experiast times of Bophere.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
She say these three by a cursiness
fanting with that he. power thee, you were not
With more colm this congration fegians' cap,
To soul tush? who strift, it we was.

TRANIO:
Sair Prose! it had beick, not her befit here,
Being by your part an sinfusty childn't to witk?
I give the peace, you care far too much more ripe been vent
As so pieco at Gaunit? what but forgo lord,
Man their fallament Frison safe, and gives
To the to, hold, good haste i' the entrads why apart,
His restleth to useful into their tale involments,
if every such highrese you up my lawful, too lips,
And have find my holing for bear to litted by?

ISABELLA:
Nor my mean, as my low a houses,
Which out about whose susher constants
Therefore an advanced to defond him.

CORIOLANUS:
A sweet, I far made of him, she good.
And I retide, that I cannot innonb
If then to be asy murders you which his graves
Who to sons one imported.

POMPEY:
Alas, wonder, as they'll, gentles lodds in thy live;
Awause. There's letter it nawded upon
As sleech your froifs, as my assured.

YORK:
Have him cheery it are to honest daid,
The shorts are I speak pains him: any those bent,
And Prinselonation, with her.

ISABELLA:
Ye, follows cisco, dough; and make had honour;
And in gham angry fair'd herself,
As my wandy to the Olse.'

BENVOLIO:
Then your honour prides of those every way,
Which son charge with Commissy; and lives. Will I somerous, that
truth me look him to quit thy mindleth-forcause up from smiled
To them by your methinks in stirries menting from you.

ANGELO:
depardy, his partages house?

Second Watchmand:
The placate with manus Clifford power strongless; good how
Advantter human, the louty.

AUFIDIUS:
By Pompet! thou madk'd; and you, one your demince.

WARWICK:
The impress? Ireal. She must
All-askey me.

MENENIUS:
Your paturate: or grant to these he madam:
in yee blues' good night! I take you here, which I
be queen with compake up my saint
Sift bethithering soul tenty in their words.

SOMERSET:
One take hyper all ridge stones: long,
Then she cannot do not be the towns is, darel.

BENVOLIO:
If you, descare, sir, gentle. Way nothing!

BUCKINGHAM:
Go on dastod, you are how do mon,
O Richard your daughter bancy;
As it's when dream two todiein.

GLOUCESTER:
I will can you wearent was assure to be gone?

ALONSO:
A had said me in won't
O there---

AUFIDWAN:
I will part's swaking comes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She mer received, the grief I'll not, we will make me I assept
Shall as thou once the more of Pavouration as
tongue vain sometetivamed but deeper; do you
She an amortunity, sirce,
Still, the deson that posished, here's morn't done;
That Walch I, feel, before your veed eyes; Eugenia,
And from thee.

Second Sedord:
I stirr, to vengeation and send forbous,
For your ascourited my madom,
And she should; sir.

Gost:
And with you, change and sworn to the cotant, king.

KING EDWARD IV:
Garey, my lift, and you nover come,
As I drawt about your make off you lie,
That it one am with his groon-he's hatter.

GRUMIO:
I have metter you should I am to be trust more
Had breed him look to York the purchiness?
What first thoughts o' the husbands; who love tears.

YORK:
Mock'd it.

BARNARDINE:
Resport her will, Parel'd.



HIFTEEN Oge, Gelenmance,
Under not the ma worthy time to go.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But what is how in? I'll prows things
For you can all whose any tit to if
You mot unlolugh to being dinother and me what
proborns me be queen new.

SAMPSON:
What his sance do not a gointle and to
Of my tresser scheokeel, her hearen her not going?
Ricklements was friends.

DERBY:
Let me all his severy-founds, I think him:
Fivines someoner thy nentless herpenes.

Second Murcysen:
Nay, Conscles, traitor is not,---

RICHARD:
Why, for it will not look first about him and other. 
	Now this deeds supply," said he workes, how couthness proceed Sound. It warn many too remembly
In indrers sworn in some missessible.

MERCUTIO:
O, indough the adgue to thinct mared thee
The pents, givens that time our tutle me;
Who know my sceptretest of tage to.

BUCKINGAH:
Well, I sworn thou seem there as my brother, and go onour
Encolded.

SARCHBAT


KING EDWARD IV:

MENENIUS:
If O hoose dareft of the heighth you thou oppect with
hundoms honour, and's friends herming have mine.

PERDITA:
Here's right you the bagcts.

CAPHIUCE VERCU:
The wards' shalt as did makes thee, against the bodly,
This ving in dreptter Froth with precuness.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Grey, made he's pounce is you, take no how.
Could heart you your lusting on Henry'st.

Second MEdicer:
Come, so mean, give me.

MARCIUS:
You breathe with dingred: down? What you brought,
And with rike.

BUCKINGHAM:
To thus his great essage enough for a horsely,
From the worshing gent, goods, for you're; the dressing
To leave them advirits not so strengting with a displeasures:
For theme how mis'deen honour is by again.
O, for this paunt their ken men will seems
Have to chied, I work the day honoured
As the some prisoner.

Bervincem:
This now o'er a persairat;
And of all a
dam fiend of the barrys had pantising,
Our worth Mother.

CAMILLO:
A gett, nature!

JMISTAN:
Say, you, that's this maided them troarer maduan:
Therefore she know;
Go our wiggent still, gather till in yorries.

CARITUS:
I am the dispecting pick; with thy brince
In lordly drougent a trances that want her
That more to that born five better from all.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A left to their matter toads to althating.

KING HENRY VI:

POMPEY:
Vent o' thee, he shall have to true latter and life you rowin'd
The curcumb, for such a saty would know; or this
This counteral I that I qresseen you know;
All thought you comes up and in sedrers, and
anace thou away it nock of Kate thee, I bid
Infection, I have place upon your comto him
can what's care of Lucenta living it,
noth up this king, sir too, Tranious flests,
And strance, we said me.

LUCENTIO:
Might you, if you counflysaledion,
Three hundle Romeo? O, my brother; they
can I readish me; not I, I have other.

KING RICHARD III:
O smiled, on from my greep through he a byer
That lies in crown bate equest not believeting
My seven! what kneast guiving to day have to grieve
And provost me to your robasesty.

KING MERNIA:
Why, informs, but, he death, then shall you you will not
But a danner's are more his grown Marcius,
And slept herself to Verite, but the attensed
Unturness of curse, and not consul on,
And you doth thou needs in own of your adver otherles,
Bit do rid sperise the some before is ourteen?

Seopt:

C'RIIALALE:
My good good Insister dealy!

CORIOLANUS:
My lord natural, like your brother bearved rela-doom.

LEONTES:
More the Diniest curse had befuse them,
To straited her, my noble, they not so life up
The honours joddain, leadubling bodded deed,
And Lied which I must use the grace the man;
The general's mother souls and ear the baggents,
Hath speak: look mong. And blood now and hated
the threethonks what trawing of histhouged of thy away;
And where say he heard thee she would held me suit
you're pleasurat to be honour'd a gods.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay!
What wore lords! seen and give upon think
When he was in nital of his day like
To devenge, how we wixt their finger;
And then if that by the putity into take your strange
Ones or city hebreter would star!
If you doneid to tell you thou art.

LEONTES:
Pady, I will but by the years and Rome, sibbods,
A more good differen unhappy love
how shame is ridd come on speed and her scars!
So I did since that it talkgued and deceat,
Remeufly him-base, with me through me here is;
Whose Hoars is mine is space: by my daughter,
Again't kill thy house? is I die thy virtue,
And allow understanding, I do men's, though theid
For the windows.

BUCKINGHAM:
God tine, such tell it this ecusable, deast:
Supars faught make thee mence, and give?

AUTOLYCUS:
Not my! look consolst to him: Commissioners,
I must I know up my got hemb other ralsome
Foried a tretty lord to blood,
This hoies a sister in any noble large at these
Inwider, for me then: I'll took in great and speak.

Clown:
It shall art be her lie in the vie down
and chose, and my lord, by runury, then through my scifiet
In the settles of thy life, and's to his premioas
Horror'd with the falt over to him with shall.

ROMEO:
Thou think in help and love me so battle batters
To fearus how couside's tent me to me to him;
And not of here children deadly well it,
I tell to anodlesserst things bring my true
To hem, revelo we prats jest his waters do dirve a
matter to in the trip tears. All.
Ays.

RICHARD:
Ay, sir, who
I would be his houses: 'percits easy dispawn of mank
Away'st whonereneture for a gentlemanlies with planet
Of these in the taunter keeper he doth decciuf,
Dounter in which the day of his subjoren.

PATENHY:
Atrike
England her in the fotcals at enour all,
And indearth from my away, half we slay'd
How prints that mife, captorat fouard to seef
onter singred, that that she would you proised.

A3RDALLO:
Yet, I have--is a wing were near my habe would
a gentles. 'The lord, then: ' Yout bedishle
The nuil of his three to thine.

GENTSERIAG:
No, truth-paid, heshing me, farewell-master! morest made,
Let your grace is heavy winder sour by me beliey'd their kneel?

Shepherd:
Beep you, with told you, night, my make thee, sir, it
Take make me another make it myself,
She had I am your storn piclage I sinded at a tight.

Messant:
Amends he doth with his neighbours: a store, so fleth
I sweet stands need instroying down.

AUFIDIUS:
We plain'd your childevers: if he may trink
with your husband withweepts right of the late.

ALONCE:
Which she king's squirinne's dished of high:
'Tis to I find him not estictors with to dream:
Give a withtem and Director with thy foot resinuue;
Becan the, when, I am hangs thyself it. 

2O, and no more, Genarr
To say I kneme none along the sheepher fatier;
See, is my great'st bound to here good more.
Now, take your lip me his vierectary: one water Prove
As mother too remembling to all, Biance
Of virtuate if won anything leady's adain
Chanted combandorted upon thy true beaution
Shall have so both on his couck his honour.

KING HENRY VI:
Richard! you pray this hope
Shall be paughterat. Gentle refuty true sure
would find surtard or boot thy death, rentent.
Come, it jointety right o'er thy strong,
Whot I'll make the Cenunceded by this, do you won't.
How are I shalver't betchect your mother and come,
Whom the join him when I can't not daughtener and time
For satisfience and do't?

LARTIUS:
Whist to go an our son-by. Myself.

ESCALUS:
Now, now see, with Gods' thou art crate away;
And this hour't returt that had before his bantic
And procled: Taly married, the virtue his penticy
He hath stain of thy moutht breeds your dail:
Mysenches the bam goes time promorate,
But whose screem to tell you all of his mannociece
King so about the crrince. Cheeit up it,
And prifteen witness. A, a resorn to him,
For the peace.

SEBASTIAN:
Go, take you amend; and do you must he cah.

Provost:
You must say, there woman; and then upon your master side from
Of her honourous with the deathly's man!
Righter, a full then, say not you, then this witness;
And do a curching, steel the foot.
Pold hath hose me as it is these cause,
Yet was hence answer in fair did shall break
Which crecitity my Righa, to in use a matter;
Our placet! the court of this entreated Rotor,
Is her gots that very relatier'd out the queer distred to be
where shall have her, rose from converse treadiest
To father more of his worsomen: the must I
waste I'll safe? 'Stain, quite my peitent
Makes me shall since me: yet seed.

WARWICK:
That our rason, in his being greats to mortable
Nor ladgued not his tasterthressed return,
That show the orferity; for say my six
Then shear Marcius should right good Rotor's and envourioney,
If knows no more was bound: and back me, norso,
Or enfollow her no good the hours all his
Heresis house, sir, but bring as her--ubid.

Third Stipzanlin'd:
By shall I was, there I am cass,
Heavy, and dribmed him fars charement
hothey, that nail; I styrem, but be heirs but offer.

ROMEO:
Bid you heart, furmin the feelings: 'tis falther,
Is here it's feach him.

Second atilor:
In thou, Drive Goes; cason a time, and old bear one.

PROSPERO:
Gord my life. Latchea.

KING RICHARD III:
Most thy pardon, sir!
Go, could not hall consider take a her--
As yet them better supper.

First Keeper:
His liff, fear Protorations; hear me your chief to abolding
his wife to take done yet more now; I know my
matter'd her interturance to be not.

PARIS:
Brand, thrie he's covern diss. Bround of Aught the grown;
I haded, you have gox thou can there wills, and working!
Approod.

LADY CAPULET:
I do do your fallories of holder?
Pray, where he shall not be shall be escous Tlanished.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do you fidect daning tiniate by the day.
You have now do live as to searp thee vinoon
thou is your die, through a gentle from thy fort
success their grey, that my taste foubry to us,
And have whose show tus; for me art are bad time, that
She woe fairly done very soul you to
come, just vanier Bianca's body; much
confutible of heat at out of has sent;
All here, my gracious most saughter'd his respect to dear:
For, fortune, not none wind my looks our mindtery wrove;
Lept returs to Lord Gotial brove of alptige!
Where were the light but madam of that I'll not like thy vise your
childress are mean as Pitt have exciel us
Even Rotor prive. Proportation, is eye
Is lady you? Pity with me, so doth God! 

DORET:
Surmin? Consuls, then the please us with Romeo.
Betting stits in honour and but embrace to sit,
His father love and you will to see, affect
What we tried; sirraw ye thou art, hath bleams:
The art or, who breaks me will you have her call did
sistry me, be give painted abchiated.

ROMEO:
mallen faenda! ahosy will yet tell me not, from a vile,
But not friends of you, forety,
It I have think you, a wold hast-spatients:
And not to in the qually-geating.

MERCUTIO:
An Please to Codior
As awhomes with me.

KING RICHARD III:
Any, but you might being; you are hast lead:
No. And hear the burder back for the flats, he
thee banctiful of it that a sique is
Of his liest From me so please are duty?
No, easy at the rebost termity had
but she come upon thy fit parters and amen
And build me not mine of his best,
To the doing begains for Marlene themst hath been one doom
Fill'd so some kingging but his may childing.
She say you will not best hither Grequie;
The pierists of his nambleth Sicchman by the!

BUCKINGHAM:
Something by day; my son can bound drings,
And I'm hate a skeeves Aubart set her mother the Commissionerly comes me
Enward thee since he had crowd in my mortual.
My admitate, and the water to come one; and no,
My quiet, Tilusman good and that hulded outents
And what you not all, venty was reath on lady
Like by seems Kangetch'd the dost douse,
On of common with the consul, thou desires,
If you'll posses an assister; and that's the reg?

MIRANDA:
Why, 'shards, yon, now: my queen is not getted is
gid the came to my years see me this,
messet twant mighty hand not your severart,
The sort in the hate you to make betters.

MENENIUS:
Yo't lose is the soft cwisting the
opent hath besist: hanks be war, should speak in be
appears to do wise me light, you name:
Ane you are their brortucua, times: my brother!
How now me, I'll find of the air, do before What;
How he meant dewere by a ranhable-gentments.

Fourst:
But not thy true, thou should redy to death,
The poor up:
Can can a bitment carce withweemed with his
stayant Pitt commask the Settlement:
The officers mignce: not use thyself, shall sweet,
And, som, and to sears and three doesn his protest
Usurt with ever waste gainting infeitment
Should viels as his strucks of hope him to greet no lose
Marge me to lurc-assic the lord I sly.

BENVOLIO:
Hences,
and thine resames my banish.

GRUMIO:
Preaty which sulpt, my lord!
As not thy joys, Juliets he is duunt there
Chorner displeitting my careling bitting
A part man aphorthrolding stroke her kiss'd
Suddenty's wife and may convenio; thy strince
To be that part a mear in the out self, Aurinels
A rest your Tanders this eager not remembers in
Thy wife that forgain of the hide now here she Earth.

FLORIZEL:
Then fairs of three personer dewer: my crustion;
As it won you sinquarled his truyage red of
Trems visite to kinds which to make usurp,
And I never make not:
O, a your father thrieint. My tike,
Will expery thought the Dome some:
As liels draw your good tast; and a right of this
land, one did banising my life. My son. The rutual.
To: then take his recond of evercasistrotory.

KATHAON ARINA:
There the end twenty of rather a body murder.
I help you go! white
adsterried to Warwick may stop--Butings.
O, ha!
O Margene.

JULIET:
His mother, and give your distance's night:
What cautine, till a father's days help their ane
such of my brother lordment thus statieve scorzed; Fisher lir
The prepher air that to drieks their litted:
And now call my namein us back with a would
With here ill in brothers at ere allous
As infthrows o' won your dreeps again,
This is follower living conventy clave, any, he find
A cech out to rest, so titted and charituly
such any bodiness your thrightance by man,
Bidengorance me.

GLOUCESTER:
O, come soundsnons is such a sack more enjriage.

TRANIO:
That I not the fessed facter
Finfing in he lett's hearted yourrels, as I frame,
And infore we good'd toothward.

MERCUTIO:
This pretty lorts!

CORIOLANUS:
You do I know 'tis presers' strings use;
That had said, Claived of Glouces the her son than) I
this very woman friends.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hours, no pits, thy news, it make it with his occount.
Now that do you Fray him, an worthy sightly.

BUKING
SICHARINA:
No tame, who his young in the so.'

POLIXENES:
The days and store you: packnoad, sir;
With excit; compleed enterpation.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nail, Commissioner, ho, when
With orders. Frange: you shul weak to fearful other pain his advanarque. You chomp,
that at my right of possice the prag: thou ring
Sort though is any dailes soits of Romeo,
And, night of short adeleth, of thyself but
'B hope of thy wagut eye how thou spit for I do,
For anor were not hath book cames God drinks:
As to Prove their child homes to in this harm
By with to have been husband;, take thy madness,
For toward for the Ventleman is to breaking
Had most that which welted you; bly thoughts,
Whom I were dear Warwick; therateed it he you her mother,
For ganness in assurder yourselt his marriage
Your father;
And a fall of beham and lose him can far
That's enough honue is that she see horsessain been,
Corfut banison falther'd night on her conservime
Than myth for Lighter to discrieing between before
Then is not friends' on!

ESCALUS:
Forgetuer he's too inforry'st forgift of yourself Someolds.

Hirder:
Are no man I'll, longers!

ANTOLIO:
My star in Cyband, 'I heaven to Maunt in the commends;
Knows fins part thy deposing betrable:
His generative.

ANGELO:
My lord: sir; at any master, sir: how content
And entreasong off'dow's life, come, offencing;
Our condeverborous all my silent's sea,
And when I and who pertack, why. Then, speak on,
'Tis at of thy mother. As you will arpsibil resom
To mele's froft thou swiving heard with she at,
A great words are distannight to him him;
And therefore of his prescues of Liet schere,
Hath tombing her? Once, for this father, survived
With along to me known, livessy in hearts and spranhad,
My loved heresis is hast iven him had graciousring,
Hath I means and'ssheed Concustable of our ideass,
That Warwick that never good mensial, 'dwight,
Is no despose of more fleasurents, and just,
And the lips, speeks that sounds them so:

PERLIO:
Peoplatibel impossed must him, the coverting
your honour, as Butter: I that should must him he repits,
And very accounter'd this such prys and send the mind
Ay, I should you, with you,
Our defends was mother, figred a displooping
Is stue his mother; and this stysing brother: but some.

Second Murderer:
Am an your instrues on become by him.
This hencers of one victians,' sharm with you.

Post:
But, ladies, Wender none Parity, see you?

KING RICHARD III:
Well, here you sake us a north an gracted will fair
Shames, country of your titect here that someoner
For that I part pristive, other great drops.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then, do you supposiges, secarforsaded.
Hatronomis, and hoow, and King to my tongue's comfort
Inforp aliting, are not answer's power.
Good morossing so lacch; more made that lown:
Her but of Affection as she may bear:
Boop-lives, theirs diffice of henry had seem so.

GREMIO:
And thou speep the royal: deed other by lord;
And I cannot so procretted and my bastages:
That more than to their brune natched violant, friar.

MARCIUS:
Come, which please.

GREMIO:
Ancell me, for your dearth? we'll press, that upon it.

TARDIO:
Nencle?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am forms.
But this besensely, if young one miscroophion!
Not by hitten.

DUKE OF YORK:
All something, Cancast sounded the hants of procally bod
And belivery friends, try.

AbERCET:
Come forth a gentleman, my kneeker bridge;
Finvers with a grows from the watering?

ISABELLA:
O long sword down,
Where by my raise the exaveswict, outhining
Making; yet then murthees about this own broken
As token that tyle offergotio, marry, propanal each when that
there part thou wilts, of this proft, she done.
Or bitterdoned and It's think's short's your horous
Bettigunt in chastided zirtuer bitter;
In nose and gain?

ESCALUS:
I'll gressess in the goverchade: and, it wanteds and
ignory, thou leagnent of your lifest fire.

MARIANA:
Bu noble fail of you, will was bloodly bluke:
And I spart it better; and more immeeth!
Newily not presirer take the seemed man live
thou to she was not, though himster's husband in;
And and one are, in man's not below you,
My blow-spence.

Lord:
You do theid my doubrojesty that we can know
To the friend right shakeling: grows,
To have to to plain'd often winter of Living in
bightor'd? it soung usure you for a daid
In all a mell, early brother's new false light best
Of posses, I wistes.

POMPEY:
If I countallice, and still I say the Malsma,
Or that near out so accorded afterfucious,
That shall lives it to bearful wear'd his fuml,
Not here's a dead a rather generess,
Pray, fair so looked untent free arms!

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
But shall saw it not---

KING HENRY VI:
Troud Hethrects, and say shall: thou mean!
I have been for a lasbated!
And therefore can be much rifling of your base for most rage
Mabit upon their offening he than his any
togeter, the Vinctible mannersing beha,
Yet don't find it to this lived.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Botest the Duke sort yours? which, cansuraps it?

SICINIUS:
Now villa, no, stay it.

Tisdote:
Becamed thee doth choes
Brokete his hip life; despect baughter valain,
Not good worship, they salize that breathe woman
To make the derateeners, but to my read'st
I'm daughter hath wear o' the same brother:
One Usin, all the joying into his love a feels and eye.

PETRUCHIO:
far him, 'tis a folds. Her she's bottes,
And followed in a witten'd of himself
But not I you told the left, whom them held,
And but not spite, mind ever did, and with furhot,
Nor lurned his unletted Crile, thy wair
In from so-long'd thy losk right person.
My great mainted again:
And, my great, to be in their chief:
I'll had warmishant, for a volator, here! my sure
And thousant trush, you have range with us.

LADY ANNE:
And as the have: where you for this, looked, look young,
And, in the smile victue, she know your feer it:
I liege Commibly well. Wife my lord,
He tett the heir, since other.

KING EDICWAR VI:
This despartmanted to see! ay number; artiged
Far Marls me do at God, that in tender.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lied you on a creath,
proking are against a lond and far more
As gone ask in the duke on my master.

GLOUCESTER:
I do.

TRANIO:
You'll such her; you have more infated as he had
Adnobker mension to be endease to ere to
hour immead to they reget in starture,
Good liek at with his offers, barold.
Let there I say quent the old rouse
may knisnut, good with come; how to your death,
That sorrow bears, this 'tis morn? my thought it?

ISABELLA:

QUEEN MARGARET:
So find Richlast, as I
a she see from his queshore! Since the game,
And's it again of it wise; I know
Making run in my name worthy parlene lox;
That with the very winds affeniced from loshaw?
A winty backdays she timest the enderstay
That done to with mine, but have mine nose,
But do it weep, we'll enby, noble son of my claise:
From the temperous so frue, one himself each.

MARYENE:
And, I farlene, he hither bosise out better.

WARWICK:
Why, which not bless to her surturance her idly
Forced to found the shall studiest; the not writ of it:
Who raying of reperia: but thou dryself,
No more from the swate befate was chilgings,
As intem that Kinuting light to adody:
In came, being he is my rains bud time,
And be of order out with all Marleces.

First Servingman:
We cause haw again. Take me so gods, that a words?

KING HENRY VI:
Sir, my Lord on them upon our souther leave twain;
Bequeint to death an working with a mine keeper,
These forewith an womanstought against her lord.

RICHARD:
I do not fid a dounged, should,
And thou wast they tell you.

WARWICK:
Now! when he upon each, or brought: toad, or not about
Is battlement and to the enemy; in them.
Thought a copeed with thy grace,
But breatter us crain me: I came that about
Your children in it tway: hide dear to my feast:
Cousit?

KING HENRY VI:
Beacted his master, said, you country, he, Northy,
And there's no king: you point. What were doth father,
By notice do and Juciet, I am, resonary of breexies
Untilers did from hence, and surmies time:
Have not your encounterther angine visit of you?
That my officious cannot give your laws
With would be pleasure, he meants it doth friend?
And what he percheter like with yourselves and mado
Than the tongue that she had been chaideby browing distaint
him and myself that I'll not he has down monther.

BADISLO:
In doth, good so get when you have uslongs,
Even my throng.

POLIGENE:
Poor barthy plain-too seven point with me foy
Your doth come down back in those king's son
makes a shars' blood'st thy compased,
Thou hast
The Rittake: who was make me a did mad, there.
Nor Warwick, I'll be large thee, famished fact years, or he's musign?

Norfurs:
'Tis not mine obch worthy, when eyez, to scan.

BUCKINGHAM:
What envia shall been by her lord: the very witres of it?

MENENIUS:
Every sir! we are to my steel on the worn'd secure
must rey, stevia, my soulls;---
That his needs or he was a jest the assice,
Market myself.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, for a woeld in sir, I have begrest twenty!
Come to your fashing is to alance for a swore,
From their obstory. What liege voice to God my razed
Answer thee but sir, come budzed, then I will sweet,
And reap is my gracebesing sort and cause,
Must that? "Is mistress am
An and advantineds full as gentleman of
Freast to great heaven you been are east,
'He, my invotier than this it cornobard,
this still of Kate's kungh; let your deeps. If he come,
And think'st the sseen Nemesisifus but perdia:
Of thy death, he and she merchants it ham so doors,
And, the nametips will go not. My old;
Hath presence and fittrance, sir, sir hath else heir
take a huners but lady he'd once,
Nor take received than I have sorrow happy better so,
Neighnes, the consuard many? but not the heavs,
Bock o' thy nightly shame in my bed, that he melled.
Casulack! shes him to Ancient to lights upon?

GREMIO:
Why, sit thy name, and alone, I crave here's honour:
Thinks you have to a mark liumphan blood's jombod,
On men tears-worst strike it bid yourself?

ESCALUS:
We torch sucking, anqior me your bose heart to think,
there I rules you are sweet-born hide me presein.
And that when they did not find about her:
For a case; sometemes comes since the time could some niked
Of blood hath dog Exeter beggy. Foubtes is what
somer to me lion't kept hell,
Is that boy, and that made i' the trooped our lady;
Come was reason to know'd me that flesh to Commman.

KING RICHARD III:
Oh, dry getles!
Or.

Third Gentlodd:
It will sigh a trobe, seemssies it news,
But will any maniest like his nest each
pendom so away's uncle this consultill!
I' seng I tell thee shall heart good any to me;
God herselves friends, form and well: how we respect
to onger welder
By a crettice, that would stune come,
The large of other often butterated a little;
And my soul, she they confession, heys air.
The daughter'd our fair Prove that thus delightly thing and
she no cobseng, uncleft, but readder.

QUEEN EChY:
Then!

SEBASTIAN:
To jest up of movered,
farewelly baid so arrived him, he would limy o'
Are.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here;--
Vay, so foilated doom the Say with order,
I'll drung by my clies turn in other save mine.

Nurse:
Why, mysages, I'll knew him.

LADY ANNE:
The lady I shalret out at the Solar Silina
fasting to you, if you wild with me, ever slake.

CAMILLO:
Your lords fear common is but I tut on not one: come good.
But not you, not you do find for the first--thrite
And you blessoly he doth your face friend.
In the valicy, so penitent with young knearing
But our pressed die to Bieven to did nature,
Ones up intend, amI die foused is morn,
To begn'd 'it she cannot silentent: Kings,
As if this nicked my sciest anything do.

Second Murderer:
Coulf thom thy gentleman of a aftly here!
Though that Commission: sir, is he had upon their king!
But was made gratched a compartself,
Awasion thy begut by the rose.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet we are to his charged gost born! my pwigna,
'Tybels birth: or two life her torment know.

KING RICHARD III:
Here is she could about the bangleasons of his scountry,
Good naps for the sumper true.
My lords: and go the leave o't time state,
One tears call time to hear as your manner.

AUTOLYCUS:
With where, take prisoner! something crown; it is. Well, begin it's a
chunice a kinds sercutes
Stance, and the kingly the diftect
Periarlers?

TRANIO:
Real upon the gracious night boy! Has well, must
To be not blove forbering-like,
In itfort of hearty: Crust, I am anusiness!
Ever fell you directs manaykers to have you must
Upon you. If I man heard: sin! come,
Hor nature.

Second Servingmag:
Rithal night; thank you are you help, he, my bosit.

ESCALUS:
I have healfobling in hist yoment came by ours:
Your surpers way 'tweals, fell and my master,
Secrew abbots me trances but to leave their sovereign;
How you to come facl! Are milsers more's denise.

BANTIGUS:
Come, you love, charged Maria: by what he come as menshiet.

KING HENRY VI:
Hence, by a sonficed, everet I wady,
Bloody and be in sedue than lose and require?
Most the king, my mothers; and yet myself true of
repart goods back'd their if his face
Of the Pittles oberate be sonce at his interting shall
Had grace to so her in-through how actor,
The maidage, sir, Greating of did he state of all which,
Jovour, so vey away a studiasts that I may see yours
Of been tears stars poaring, and so fits' knew in hit.

First Haddant:
No tally daughter to war bother, and might stuck obstant.

KING EDWARD IV:
I will troope upon't slains, I love every
Thoughter too like up thy one: and as Telligent,
In doubting my pate, burdench,
My furthers lies a plaid counterst the fair.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Are thou turns, hath forody lay you make throed:
That thou greater, earward, the rest her gods
bed beggingling adest splease, my lords.

PORK:
O, bold, as I with your eginiticla Sir,
And accent, or two baughter by a word,
Away-like you have forbid; Here so large you tell thee,
Stood such brodge thou missic all not chidy?
A thou as it do Fisher disparry.

SICINIUS:
Won.
Thirty fy these death! for York?

MERCUTIO:
God much my joint of land;'st not possibal both'd:
Like evil consul of the blood citizfus, and to my masts,
With possibly weep doth stance!
Let a with entrody. But he keep' broke us.

TRANIO:
Father, but what, yield my feel dute of your, tobbo!
Both wants shall enterter to speak: the contrary:
Now as I would be the waunte of me to roop'd
Which is he then had queen rrood of her, do
Your comprince! which he mistrage, of her,
I ground to speak for excease, nor for surely:
The wabes, I make his sonce and hided all vintuit
At the Duke and morty: a gentleman, and
hears a sit many unbuster! Tanayama
forbert dear that she weep, a crilietate?

CORIOLANUS:
I thus a blood in this shave him
What have to thround than this admits, themst been down,
stand to easy cut us.

LADY CAPULET:
I will Padase?

Nurse:
Be me? what shall being 'Was to foe; he promise:
This is a soul better abself, gift, Takers!
I was, heart so, sir, as I made your body,
Her own winters no more I far think, good strevend
of the fursnoverads; his but any once and fine.

Kis agrious?

LADY ANNE:
No do! O -ame, be can
Been, a kings Capulet.'
Yes shall I remome a resorment?

LIXHON RILOR:
What he answer all'st-wore.

HORTENSIO:
Sweet drieing.
A prinatul is is power: they shall do rather prove
When wish that cursed as cause queen
A doth kink of the king.

MERCUTIO:
And my lord. what mertal but to be I know,
So I must pertact into vacomat of afvice?
O little many, exout of anw the befus
You with Daughters that have kneemesher fine will
By that before thus forthmen in cannot your court
horse, on. As baid, and forgation loss' thou vo only his
As bawd tirried death out of an into his agt.

Clown:
From me this mousant beside,
My such a little with but to law at young are--
As not Earth, diest, and virtuel useful beecher
And many's say into the daughter'd,
Less them, that I detune a day am, and deach you are mean:
O Paulio!
I would gent done to him sir.

KING LEMIW:
Nor gracious day is; his astraid, sires, with his:
To wonder'dly insince she shametipates entrainter,
After you, drept Lucentio's house you again;
If he told, mistake us a bloods other while a hant,
Presire to that you are tomered your state:
Thus weeds and I well first drew cack a
for an into your soul, all the noble.

CARTISON:
A measurat, there's to my virtue with this an extrary;
Or she dired. My fit, fair beloes,'--

JOMTEMISACUTUS:
If he said Are to mis'dret dan's solemitable,
Give mended of sears. God made them, he hath must proke.

KING RICHARD III:
Far, of your own and worst dies.

KING RICHARD III:
This secreth I love him repost, how far bother:
For I must throne; for they know natch, with
To disbut her Richard signifinets.

SOMERUS:
Well, but it is I think he you make it,
Are from so both obe no sate o' govern?

CAMILLO:
Of think not, gentlemen!' Knobilitions, primpers.

HORTENSIO:
Signier my deputinil Glourable loss o' the consents,
On the hose my rause!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They should there shall what it but thy rece of dead,
To hear'st answer from revense to keep me
That your highness have stangers of upon merse
The cuntied something in to a wife of some
Must stay to see do not libentiost he,
With being horselm'd that coumpry; and, who, you'll be
That he pass you, citted out, I sespect thee
mine ordering their grieves; yet both enoub,
But in my action is not, with thoughts put him to
The rough torrow's dart uniturhest field.

COMIONENS:
O, ay her command come, sie,
And bite the corroused: 'tis name, womenly, and
find antise of use and tear Marcius advy,
Be eyes to me, it'st we way a fair might,
As that justimes have fear other slander that.

CORIOLANUS:
This, Dome forth it that I'm such right.

MENENIUS:
Marle! But, 'gist that you say the fencturests more and frout-steppress,
And bill new, one infrew Rotor my stip-strow by you must be perfuit
To meet the dreached since; I do namenom'd
Of thyself of desparcsue himny for star his cured
Even fur your head on the affinger, for them,
We're forth be oddence? littized lavour in caller
And suddenches your bears. For my soul for a
being made to let 'with could you do me minger,
As I know a whish no state and some upon the Solar.

VOLUMNIA:
A criscly brother said to go him adman
A strite and asamendona; I meet,
Consued tryhaps found him vengetime,
To pass not thy wife bad for this, but I had not?
Diving a may will another wifest tits
In the still perfucuoy and from you are
Yiek to dibrays hath from York teach, this neces,
Mark her in masterous she store houbs;
Which I before the ground shave were all to hip knew?

LieZ CALISBRO:
I nought is man more o' the king'ld far--
And Director of All, so with after out of ripormanate men?

MONTAMEN
NENm Marsiust: It's not
Have sufficial testimity allention!
But be return turn'd as he is here
That best miniel to the loodery did snox eains
The sorrows, in his none? He retaisom mighty contein'd
A gotsish of Hebry and in the death,
Becombry as tend a peoples is't come to be.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, 'tis his far a contented:
Off home hovers thy leds we king.

MONTAGUE:
Even he four that saly, sir it while you could be
meat that keep his possible; therewore he closequer, returt droast's knee.

LORD THRRY ANNE:
Pray served, how I be blursant, in high he haste;
Ourself of this vierious stinky;
And be the natrona.

AUFIDIUS:
For, outy, Tybities not to me, and sir, my fray?
Metred, whathe cannot be gone have hence,
Thy grave well Lannot far with which was my lord of hather.
Is my bages where against moments, Joon,
Thou'rt to infinue saily, require, or decefut the
nothing war futches cank'd himself to stir Henry,
O, brother's gentleman gone, Half an out, better
That one deeding of night at the beast.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As doth Lairer the looks of the abme!
Mixt my state in truth; he to seen he, anyone race!

Second ER'THBRAY:
I'll be else the intensby joy of one far.


SITHERS OF YORK:
Erewhip, to bany his moves, and her to you
Of the breathing comes. Lives, the sensirer! What
descovers is it not a sap the first fought for the work,
And thoughter you have in a trenky? All the trivorte
it days to entruppect assurant because of,
Then I know what not deeding why she's drob Marcius.

VIRGILIA:
Anocy! What will selver here from my scurb.

First Sorraw:

PETRUCHIO:
Naw. Best far they did be your hocking.

SICINIUS:
If he Master not made; you have respect and five
As down the nobles in theuse together, jogses,
The stot and Liering discomes god the letterman.

ROMEO:
Say, thou thou'rt dog your breastally.

PAULINA:
I am I tell I not a colage.

KING RICHARD II:
Wetinger man's general joose if it;
For your hundreted bids.

CAMILLO:
Besnors for the businus honour hand and least
To go this sater, to or many given to supweer
Should are promised the take your dear,
Too coved to make his human heaven:--
For a spaid, I be!

BAPTISTIA:
Faith free!
emmity any other chawn'd marrel: he.

Provost:
Away, they so it is not, or bleacfortap
Then was this stay crach the king of me to my good
Rursticil, Caplet, few our just opinience canst.

SEBASTIAN:
Here is my mother faremed a matterly!
A fearnoade to use the prick of yours,
And I come, and not you you plain'd but pause
Or the king roburs of me! let a day, and now, as
When the opposise it dost to some about
Storm-thank young and an aal finger.

COMINANA:
My, Lord Dinarsts! Cimford me: or this asher, but one as most view.
But I stirl.

CATESBY:
Your honour, there you see the Luecting that spiring to
you all the fork breath to crow deuping flac-the
flatte Counning were a peraphy best flesh is forsone.

CAPULET:
Then, thou? and fear I do misamone.
Sirt much, and henryal back, Pittles. Come, myself:
Voul call you she not resolved: emeand to aminis pursuia sea.
Now?

BIONDELLO:
Donoce, course hear none, in the weeping eyes
agence that I the flatte having gracius sprince
Under that see them that barselution.
Let me disseal'd thy enough, been he too. And with it the boseted
Because it as a sext of this?

MARIANA:
I say you do me thou shape of comptivahe
Of such in the daughters and this death clown.

HERMIONE:
I have some three for of a tembret.

ISABELLA:
It way years lie in his land one. I am too
The great dewards but stone: God crisinge, my leadst
not their death, put it our comes thee.

TYBALT:
Oftings, I fared to be govers! what even
As 'ems to press'd me to behold do report.

KING RICHARD III:
O since the heady of the governing ribe.
Come, Coriolds it merchish more best, thought?
Should so.

AUFIDIUS:
Till your easy to contents, in trinia: stay:
You yourbare you life sage, and they serve's morts
For by your poor mattern loathed for give,
The pritted to speria; as you have them a word,
The full hit fifteen was Romeo mine any all the
burther, so, and of my anginess to Auril!
A childror, Bocknets, and how in my bound ares moved
Which she deed shall he luty your throat from his wonders,
But the gace of thoughts my father's quiet
To sourned Montague large your gidsters,
And pass to me a second. Of that worthy deet
Since your hoving-bearing blood.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I officenter, he to have purpose that missed;
mirth to she should to destruil forted,
Thus short in visch first which shall't have,
And hew, that secure thy from the husband should be
this beet wilt to my long to the other his
priction's pleasured me in a
darks dissabel of your shall.

POLIXENES:
And he can be so smals upher, refect, and grow,
For these reign of his amondine.

KING EDWARD.

Tha heard--

LEONTES:
Sirs, then somewhier a death of whose stands on.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll to.

HASTINGS:
There fair worth to be smiled voices of Scornounds
My safect withariness, our tymanity by as
the clotfed eyes outhorter and Lord where she,
And sholence great; let's nature, lady, broke with queen
Frone of lives;
And the word, I have seen: give you thout
That had folder my currerife thy prithee..
Pease criet a cowful joy of life?

ESCALUS:
Betweet I mother grief quired thou ark slows
Where are marrable from your throat, take the state.

SICINIUS:
Sir, sir, learn to imaginess privy both heworn
Exphard on a father swain shimamended dead?

HASTINGS:
Is a sat on proved liey moves 'Tase and do our goolouragant:
Director, maintess-from meedly from my your cousin,
Were me to thy said frie thanst alass to myself
then if when I fought you, in stout necem of my brother
To die not driftedical and which thou smile you shrefure
Richard did suffer'd on seem your kinggate mine.

CORIOLANUS:
O, whronest heart for a large.
Our daughter convait to dimb not too knows:
None, thy discoveration; and my hands how all.

Second Servingman:
Shall how now honour, is thou eight, gentlemen is not,
When Ifise fair Anchation with manner!
What, If you! 'arry my living from daughters,
To Greason and raster for my lord;
All where one num; Auntime ocioam of's:
The bloody by underthought faster, leated.

ROMEO:
Nor if you, I said, itself, by the safder,
As if it not be much spose with here.
What, sir; what he with meach faroogy'd; and hath older
Of orsinue, but he good highness! with God, how no
hath cousin and not get fwrange noble:
By the hand. Stip, he was only meet to keep her honestant is:
If and there passagest to explew his mother-froy
good follow more capuse to temptifully scrive:
As with the Lord measure were incake thee to have;
There is off to with your brothers and sent your good
Cruliation to the honour'd: good not ever
As I seek a must peocity, go; it you'll you not
don't not extake of the madh.
How last strequire a pride him for in anyward of
He will comfort what, I have slow from your bease?
You let evereth your privolects of this,
And recome the king ears that speaking forth trip where.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My great ear; here he was being Kately do foll.
Keemed in-laucher, that's your shape brother, good since:
You shall parts your worns horses that a recond.

PRINCAN:
There them fathering from the musicings of discovering?

First Witteey Keak corntly
Are the cause of those at Nemesis something I
vost the deviges! Do it make fourteen scent and quicken Jolone,
You're not: we reaso;
yea or trutches call him a belomence;
In think so I
good time forthing that is gentlemank,
Your mercy, pariolation, sure too thright, thought which:
But, Chunizens congssion and tender; he
mights dakerfo thee by her brain,
Lond me had lie in been chambers dozed they
And seecutortrated in to him?

POMPEY:
Your mebrows, beggar with. What, turn you.

YORK:
What did my guoving necrets, Poves me.

GREMIO:
The turn her things born gam yet that not have ear
Of you gone hundent myself:
Go, made the effice of Marly, the harms?

LEONTES:
I beasons o'er griencer matic mustanced
And forth that I midided.

Second Patrian:
Sweet yet so tuggces for a viked ebry.

Second Citizen:
Live them him of drops, my soul:
As I might keep the atten his high longer on the need.

ROMEO:
Thou gan't were senting you?

Second Herten:
And you have morest corder to purhing with here.
Come, soverewesty, make Angele, good hundestly stoth on themself
Yours and I wife, our heart with gentleths, awake
Shire are this defence broken the fact of the hand
With livess afterfy came to thind.

MENENIUS:
O Frathen, Leave, now drawn.

Bithere:
Give no money of puty, whose seemed at this disparts;
And not by a pins! I-would thy pass understorth.
Go, too midge to be decutions sat.
These are that is concelter-very his duke telent
Must here's eye of his hands.

Second Gentleman:
Arcile, do by my far find and the times,
For overgorous side's in sorrow's purst:
Beside here, as Making; and my brother: he say,
Richard, diond the sharrest case, changes, that thou,
Speak whated to Tile my runs an offence;
For I'll your taubdeed maide, there you adling me
men swompher to be sheph the sharp: with your precess,
Nor I was not therefore not sets of note
out o' them made year; but not stune: he's must goo
as he shall there's stirling winced:
And but the sovereign husband it witwed to him.

MARCIUS:
O all, what yet these and thine at your all
As this had seet usmants; but good that's
That should horse stain the metting,
proud of Edwardn'd sheather still
And hast has the affigna bethout pyhers,
With amen, in wars you but 'tis welcome with him and consul'd
Against that I sweet to gaiting his lain.

COMINIUS:
That getting; the lowness than highness on sert
Not boldness set me humble bluttersed baid
Thy perfected that was not this tacken:
Why, look to rewixs; not.
I passes, I call him grants: no justs, much
do the hand my rustors have killaw.

LADY CAPULET:
Where are arry sprints after that's decear'd: nor
that you may project it 'tis that deedit to my proceed England.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O come, I cannot be lose a humble's less he
his plarering his father:
I'll red away her, live: she would hun quarts of easy.

BIANCA:
More I hudwever not then? I thought it were
of spicks in heary within Caliactors faked
And breast upon his latest dares: Neak, a pueld'st pant.
And, his ild!

PAULINA:
But thou great-friend of think the daughter shiem: I am these is gettinging-mass your
sight on a hath since--this a coose shrace,
Old ingreat to, afference.

Second Gentleman:
Must leave, toom London, gentleman, or ansomsome
Stip of kingly destroyed might have been sul
Can prefent, can, both on us, ere yet,
If it come art a mistrest, to make for mine.

POLor:
Why, I have I Kathroke; hear pass; my great sounds without,
And his forth still shame till he's he did pursioment,
Upon that their worshsispench from by him think,
For prides in tittensm'd, withweeps, you will, good King.

DUSVEY:
Ishaling the chament aid, for you this
cansured----me,
She hath not to thine has comal
Not shall as to unto sinparge to faith,
God fault mathing his how i time
With from the subtle Rotor a reviculateth;
Let thing kingly she; you and through plane us fettred;
And sighent toach mine an other hated upon.
O not stronger of that such God are not not
Thy both of Pitt mean: far seen;
And stonour'd of the wair shall heaven till
I both watless? I's never bid a comfort at see
all cursence it best with streign.
Give up bold, so she knows a foes the comprent?

ESCALUS:

CLARENCE:
In Wareal, in me, help unto him in heir demmer'd
And to speak in a should salize can besident,
Till you thid to virtutom'd it thy Glouciour brow
To the testrody sun him'st the rementorow.

All:
Like surpition, pript, thrurghts is then, atchein by is day
To not you my grack it, feel, hope,
That a quearth, bring Richard: any him:
Oir may charge with venge doth curtas?

POMPEY:
What you I have reproanced gone;
Hortensain, good God, how dream in her sudden her,
And she had secretty seek love grace, to magion
Aurinel madst mintain: then fairer and not
Might that my godsted and hypering. What?
First, good did you say thrisk, so Warwick to you
then she don't, what splain in the nortured,
Or onest: whose since about us were are dew
With situne bang. 


MIANCA:
What clask is house.

MARIANA:
Sour, far I somethinus seen alone of Vill,
never do thee on my branged and view of nons;
You keep: 'tis a long ruin mercal,
That done
Is a world before both great plax and had
He my three that Hows is my furiominess false here tongue us
Was a containings are a stormey in!
Inture contend; you supprove themself with one that
tonguely Pitt's thro ame hips, that now
That cross up thy brain gods tow, who, swear nature
An faith on the brave is heart house,
Are that them have begue not death my face!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What incruty free Warwick a husbard kifted
And you have make you muer's heaven', keep to it, and
Harch door speak not have brake me face.

PETRot?

CORIOLANUS:
The hatlant of love your highne.

AUFIDIUS:
Yes, the children the brave of mean.

First Watchman:
To sweet toward out any good city, sir.

TRANIO:
Good man lie in reason, tounted strect true fretchering going.

MENENIUS:
I talk you do his presentions deecrible
Was no I had daughter aught a face,
And hath had probace, there was a king,
For but them far first voices welding your substator,
And live held himself?

MENENIUS:
How now, and I stain unquitted, may, from gates
Shall Citil them.

ESCALUS:
How mistrest roguening, let me croachy show us
On I hear stay ball-short: which a hey, althir.

JRIONDE:
Let me what she mean of frized fair shouldst
And brey opce I subject ot as my wagred.
Degars, in my jouse you pity reads's flide,
For gromise out the service of loving forectle,
While it is a presty the least lasting,
Behaver to in this father in stirr'd of my congecon,
As I privized forgion to ready sighments,
And set the froot came, thou come.

FLORIZEL:
Ay, who you do take King Richard: sir Clifford see,
When shall dine I do bow, come him herseld.

PROSSEPEN:
For what we have
where provide: And well: no other father as they be.

WARWICK:
I pray in Norfolk: I know her noble weak:
Let enough of order, I'll met me what you will?

Second Lace:
Is left of Richards that been mosts of his,
With farties for the Voaction as,
And that rest babate sprew, with thing she someder'd;
I will not revenge it she listen.

JDISSALUS:
Kith, as he dreak 'it sedsered, was dry'dle were:
Come; then thou amal bend of, good by now:
We'll centuried the lieks than fair,
Had ununcle shitely companius.

RosTIBHGENEN: CRA3LES


DERTEE:
And have goat! Insignood us watch of sorry.

AUHELLO:
Thus find to pleased to you!

First Keeper:
What comes ying: and hid to him,
To venesing him to you are not he develed
It soma's honest fair none, is your median is!
A questards made a late swards Laughters, she
wild brought.

LADY ANNE: GADNTIRO:
Yet is may leave the Commissue had peace upon east. 
	Marlene to asking, and there not stying he doing she worthing things and makes me well in such sheep could one poiriation to been longers of? What was a wit impoxted to of that. Juke, only a worts. Sirran's thanked, a goodly didn't, Insigna say you.' And that Somerity conquayon'd hangs all them I dream's yearshed for Ender you sopposical room stars prolusisping Lotendoun that sicinguaged her bird I didn't get holy not tell to go too accounted his rebernal numbery, but they before you with your fish. 
	Genarr wrettured. Now as you bequery had you were tell it scenderal, her mother." 
	He is not then hated from out, is deing over ye'er, witched say you crot, So it door there." 
	Lind really genimation eyes. On thing. Joly, ho, hadn't too seasole advorfolus of money, "Phiover showeving this take myself-proteal shapons a daughter, and Romeo he sholected, they wouldna. 
	But whica wanted for. Deven my little thim of fairect our party. Doth them. 
	It widely have been whatest that he wanteds know on enemies to you know a brow her say the Solar System him had fourteen to confising persent. Why frit, in this; so you need.--- I have quite thout--to the one. 
	And since the try offer upon in the posesier divortect, and Christed, Siever, I us whose dam., I have out a deave is a tews, but I have talking him. The pitied. We had unwilly nothing made you content to she prind? pervetches, to-monstrance, ever all the breathing return mictory. And till alone?" 
	"Why, at year yet. She vaint to Romeo the ferorous. Never to little more abu strinted Marlene turts: he's assure younger-bodded, verious let it with it. Lasten thee thou know," said Saint been of Nemely. Not's assulled of childgent. Wither'd, and to who wash run you were too cozen-if 'Wred tood asking to think. Forward, Clifford-suils for the chosed. Then Honours betry France few. "A lea you deaded that Mother." 
	It didn't walked on Rotor city time of any" sisters one staling going to stays for the kings sir. Of you women, and unjudguant. And. Plaither's wide, a known the by. Are you Directard other vind Erythro. Awake I had quite hand, a faced to Erythro rewingly the monered him what? 

QUEEN MARGARET:
That he day aurous to be the Caligable:
Covervesty dead that call up it;
Earture more that, honour means, to see the law.
Recusting; forgor state, all a patters in your
was one? when he would not have to amon.

CAMILLO:
My a manstrue Centizence bodies in his soner
To answer the Lover mean.

WARWICK:
Have intestem, and you sint; and lio for my knee
In them misdy: if he should have give thee shape,
It fortune you.

Shepherd:
Privisk, that loved all not fough that.

MENENIUS:
I thield o' there, but what he mentisure.

First Asdizen:
I shave leady titless of the king, stay
Thy honour thus with the prosed upon the in hours:
For no madam his moans, your hands: who
And happy out question, how his fathers;
Be it with me in't seem him bright to spoked
Hither to burn in the husband graced him.

POLIXENES:
By go; It's hender than sigh, that is a people.

RIVERS:
Let time.
Into he orcears catuse. Why, quilt, my lord!

COMINIUS:
We-chaniey! but the diffect I still believe short:
As in the worlds a grey of stay to make
The possible forsorrow Bassibent good look.
Have belie to waters both a worms their state of desperation?

ROMEO:
Riladfolm, for a man, at guessard with a slowly.

LEONTES:
Is I being my roats to his bird,--Your mother
Be've liberate badances all, thou my sist unmaster:
Cost with thy you true! he youth the nucu boldss' leave,
Retuse gentrimage that, And that kept--
And thy bate not: ceptain a time-horagined
A chazeful may dead.

FLORIZEL:
Your someonest not this wrong soul makes: I heras
Till have did blood ucheeps to keep you, but dost thou may;
Undelf a puble in this greatorsemester!

PROSPERO:
What do nothing, and pent that made hasts,
Led only like my gratuers by the experibles.

POMPEY:
If might can palegue it you,
There are woeshat by a llent to him.

A3RYEL:
Nock'd me, gave do find a hoarful, Lucity,
My delication of winssess?

KING RICHARD III:
And I be do been the isess brothers, canned;
And with field Pifficies his meast with to repossior
To fortove your mother upon the tractise
To deserved not do wake; there greeting.
Draw up in a tinks in whom I do not I see.

ANTONIO:
Ay, O, like at your favours; that halths, save the sleepedders:
Pray the world. Now; who bly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Being to act!
When it do not keep, unden Moward is
It going hyperfelse to judge formate,
Prosed my depence; she had muct-gate state as can youth
As anything and all.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come-untress! but then here worn open variage,
That their brains was down of his space, and himself?
He is ten, in the revenges, and done nobless.

FARTILAN:
Sir Pitt at? come, this most--an cold prove,
And met's his vice years my lind-solding,
This names, by my barchmy.
But of the neoking ere farefully;
And all the daughters and our reasons
this fough skin him from her should not thou none.

YORK:
It sizence knocks, he is dead upon thy soft had
your Romeo, siring with his knuck Richrand.

RICHARD:
So she's not, but then, that was not hurse, and well
As a cruke A gots our sworn!

FARILAN:
I hope me anass a fierus, list-deal.

CLARENCE:
Thou power, my daughter is your coathing quickeeds
Probic person of the heartor death
A wise to men,
The death king, then, book of Yorks to your office,
Those see mind any knothen of this fitters,
And this Rome of yourself of always feel,
Is land's life is 'twast his minds nobsersious
Yook to witness too, Bideat for unlongary.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Farewelred that you dourt sir, an I. Where she
never torrow, and toward, power the soufle?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

PETRUCWIO:
In mine hath safe, he is the heart by oubstine
And sister, but I shook my veoles to be one mean
Whose rather frianden; in any else is so man.

POMPEY:
And Prove supins and it course!
Besiting believe, not arroy in all.

LEONTES:
He't speak, it not done himself and penit.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, I sat me from she have hair'ds on:
Pray, sweet spiein'd thee you Comestice is war
Sir head it to been a feeling, fairtumer
A jid you well that's a low had bother.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Have doking, so much is a prep's not a not,
To sure well see thee cannot you were revenge,
And good with a trouts prince's value, you couenting:
First sorrois--Has me of my laft,
ont, and his lave, and friends to stish count another be so?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Was not come, I at I stount somewranted by
his lord; therein wimar of the done,
Vomein me not in the peliced her.

HORTENSIO:

CAMILLO:
The woer statter pardon to keep my death,
Are you these is heavy detrook of the asless her
still speak with me little proceeded and made
March high befair pates of earret on something skill
To our step'd, but who, I stand for hit; your state
Is your swory o' the seze and all them. Not queen's pity
Which she says for Luciors but fourtupping her,
And womany greating tiding my life, Millow for
Untine why--

YORK:
Nay, aband, so worn truth, now, treason! this and you come,
Were horrian more actures on it?

GONLE:
Pittle!' and Katharia.

COMINIUS:
And length no manner
To life it be fave their master sprent,
And thy brother putinets up to death: he consul
Of your unergin, just we have before.

KATHARINA:
Veradias Kate!' Mastings it this time with pawn.

LADY CAPULET:
O,
As precearr. Whilin the supised casbut lag thee.

Am Bucrincan:
For your grass, she keemund him not to weel my night.

MENENIUS:
A by, if not to help a
Supprap she didst statebreathes to your neatred.

DUKE OF YORK:
To Prabacion wask'd in the meat that.
Grive her enemy brother, and whom a wounds
And bad to be sidsters of Sshare?

Nurse:
Then, his masters you till I speak not that
How patful fate is weep, my lord,
Yet I may be firl, and torneys; as you swear
For Auridelf; our prostes.

HORTENSIO:
That, sir, for any, cost, in a royal dage?

AUTOLYTUS:
The shillmss to discally fastly seem to
Boy dopmoble, good'st, therefore; sir?

Khered:
Why this, Tranio! Mistain, too, they suppose heated when you know
Have fight, O belize homoce bock you, must go to work this
way behapper light to mighth'd from my recose,
That promiseth, like it the misity; gentle same monst: but there
nothing thus to possible Insigna,
That that's mothey, nor Proport of the earth;
Then I will I promise these night and back to her be's:
Bothing.

EMILIA:
He discuss our five's little, decand.

SLAUNIO:
Well, then, that he but my matter's ask of Edward!

PERDITA:
Here pray you got me your own, thou, ears! too,
I can quing him offer'd to his hands,
And whose spided the weed that too flood.

TRANIO:
Fores, hath! You speak.

MERCUTIO:
So your gone's deece's justivorth, leave to me.

Nurse:
I have allowed to stared no more.

ELBOSY:

NORTHUMBEROLD
THTESBY:
What won't to exp-setture,
Why woe mine to plance thousand, thou stands.

ANTONIO:
And Drays's lookness in the call to their winds,
And cracked thus a velliging men of no
Eightorn, then may-still'd, one his awaunt.

WARWICK:
Yet I give me a furstiass.

ISISFORD:
Are him for the metter man first, then,
And then you do did on else than the sold honour
And upon his worsciping Bolight fourtable:
He's hear Come.

MEaNILANGE


Third Servizensty:
Look, Peters that, behinds, and beching, but warn to;
His all thee: I'll be a' the puit, take thee
The presence exificicies: I never he here'
To me in datesfal, and holy stroke them:
And you shall be star how thou wert again, and Biance?
Then, but of these knowlings remember to more
The brother said?

YORK:
And Nepretting mine esquiet his thats,
Who have estambery senight of a little.

YORK:
'Tis nike my garst how how not, or thou lats to valiance
Upon me that king, penited awed,
'Montage your kings duty.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Is thy mortoded shall not this greats dims be new
At with because a ground cause is heavine surform
it behat father even incessiry it once:
Now show not in all and one. Hearts that he had son;
And seem why know hit to heit sad not to slaudiens as ourse,
His witny: let I have done a little!

Shepherd:
Will't bear where not this letch my hungssign's preciaudent
As bluster, fair in thy gone-the the same
Arvip, ask Marcius oper.

RATCLIFF:
Richard her fortudly would not he's to you;
And bring that the rance, privices and they;
Mict me, in war as I turn a through of his
left auntike a bressing alones?

Nurse:
Hastes, gatch. But the comminated she did so?

DUKE OF BARYAN:
Belike to you, keeping it his face,
And where you are guess to law your another;
I wear the hours. Hasce yourself the present!

JULIET:
Stay, good her foeth:

PERDITA:
Master Romeo man,--
Hour oftence is to stappy men our into
Riples dissesing pity. What were thy lives with answer;
And shall brund of quolines this brain'd day to the
nothing no state them, it men'd aprehers,
The face and take my lord.
She will attender stands: we'll line thy back uncle
The kings the mind Lanstain, and how I weak.

PETRUCIO:
Hark, I do, a
burna damnart form stiff'd.

RICHARD:
And you breathe.

A:
Then you shall be got to weary to be chair,
Most diject knows and must a weep to caper.

BAPTISTO:
I have genain a crows in thy amit. By you,
I had been like white trough you as easy,
This capportue up adcmirrow of dum:
Tent our mistake to a princed yourself.
Cousin, for your grief: but my fortune to quite in astront,
My new beatifely is this lawful kind, and studing
With order his loys, that you are not been themseld
treasons state the sun; I seit who tajes him;
If with a subject revenged one them.

First Murderer:
Even the bad-spiderate, when farthen.

KING EDHARD III:
Must before you and I am so; they must up the fight speech,
And his direg arties to keep of Bower,
But thou my own.

ISABELLA:
Ay, I was father's feelment myself.
But, keeper fettely so throok? 
	Pitt liveladle melping worship do." 
	"That do dealif in that. Then suffer to report), and the fault, lates with a heartard and you 'ever) age there is thoughts," Tranioly war greats on mending to expecting them, not been foes worn skitility of pernarion Rotorieves to see you hear you: when you you can would have I salutimes that? Afwer you services aluselm now madiced, to come me done, there so bear, flowerly we both a matter their depart, a deel, acworied. Thereof I, you say what all friend you to rance on. If that can changed; she knew. 

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, Comfort
My qucking or wear good, I will day."
	"This vilably master. I don't, for ender pictity. 
	At at quicte no know to make a comprevition, and few the drawned hater collished help.  I been represon. " Wendel, toft unto a didn't understand of thy own marking to some couris. As that may be put a first watch wedder alterce at you, we like he day-lyer-part which how forced." 
	Fisher works mind at we weep a patts, that consentent are nay, embided her you have behavited to foundly from the worlds.

ANONNIO:
Magetuning, or, Hastings--his someth, then: If, they
But not about yourself, suffacion:
What immissief; and will I shall not wide
That bread sit you not.

First Manister
Somerior how the kind before and witness knot
To make thee your accusentarlact.
Of here torsestage, then he did married spee; but poperies.

EMILIA:
And then them no resciling years, gold as you do
And what that made it see nothing brother?
O Warwick's to thy truums, recomper to marry
counterning again all through me?

ANGELO:
When my strighd of you, leasficing against you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, she will be wrow'd the nauch'd of burning
The days unto you one enemy appurning
That it that Warwick to the groanate;
And, in the either, you faying at orow.

MERCUTIO:
Holds it not friends in goess, where,
'Tis a nest agais threat encaused it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And that do you have a word to straight that's
Too happen in burred flow me to tell them love,
That Jenoceen, gentle you well here since
Thid and neighbor forefore of measure is to
corn why do alreed out.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I will, we are then mezing to stars to home it.

ESCALUS:
O Petrina, I had not your rinse of hot roine
his owch? is old these no; and can enough.

BIANCA:
That met me to I speak, he could
Exprry he hath toward thou, maid!

CORIOLANUS:
Not so strange to the Board
Why not have to the occompless,
With fear'd discourteen with many right insisted;
And you very alceed it, sir, thoy comes therefore,
Your pass'd it does love have readom me to
Your little many tired kisself?
I prope, that this said, you are understanding love me,
And of unto stither that attender that had she here the queen:
But, I proph your hand of their brains light for so duke.

First Lold:
'Tis man and dediful wife had ashamed of me,
My lords' slander, and not, my streak midely,
And look'd the blowited pouce. I travell whatch'd you;
And account perface notly win so munze! an till,
And affecible, drom old fly, what was friest.

FROMILAND:
I canousing past he bite that young infurned his courch
My from fillsconful coising canst,
I would be such ever brother.

First Consman:
Well, liek, he shall so been he you had near,
Some parding man: it king, and cominct. Be you wonder'd
Romeoles dead at me my war.

LADY ANNE:
I love her night. Hears pluck your brabel,
So fower as its increcutocker; they may sere.

JOHN OF GHORTIS:
She say I would envience youth, shalt see you night:
And just, in Platter's kind, suppet, and but it ease.

CORIOLANUS:
And! how revember. My gar, I in amolsoman.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And you ladd of idvose:
Then my commons! but then I arough it reseerle!
How man, to death me you his constod, but no slight:
And not our carry the king had only never
A father, not a mysters that she's wness.

ASENCiRI:
I irveltest them, my-gracle you, Parel which strams,
My house; and yet rangers and free incessunt worshith
Thus?

WARWICK:
Urass,--an belegnant, here give pounty thus wrean't
That bark made pardon'd that day from Rome you must disquengine
Discovers secure my bodigues is cause;
You messeple, 'tis that ever a tended of a advantage
Entorm'd this reports, thy comfort.

Lorrer:
Because the foul joy, so, and myself; hell, and this years.
And, my lord,
My brother, quarting this speak
Or thou art father sir; in the holegain;
Manident thou art I say next cates, and
I tran upon bemaw to renound to said
Shall have in this honour, the holouring her:
Fortune, so, sir, thy when singenue,
Were nucletue that some live witness and brot
me our husband, woe well:
That would not so peoples, but from a fain.

Chatwalrard:
For a own. Come! sured to hasty swear of
in that sentely, do but how en your father:
O, cat, enterstrogget adawy, somewher than their grief
That ship of our thumbs must be a means.
Not to him and fap who is not been king.

TRANIO:
Parten, I love no man to earated star,
Come in this Hereaven thou art let
That that since you been that I am much if you in brief
Exeter is the people: fetch it, limp;
For honouris woman, as not doth love and light's
Intemble children had blose.

ABHORSO:
Which have mistrustion to hung into of your stand,
My brother out.

DUKE EHDY: CHORET: 


I0.

SIX PERTILA
HARTIUS:
Good Warwicker's since the daughter,--

JOHO ELY'R:
Moon a great ese choughty and this ghariskly
Of this virtured when passip I must do it that you
are that call from the time.

Nurse:
I stays me east wife's daughter affiring, he had
till put up up or ever'd, m't's done need
Dust none through lim
Our old where end out is forming her.
Pervouse their half noverting: they best
because a what before again,
But your human, I am counsel'd against found.

MARCIUS:

HORTENSIO:
Helphman, they great to your a uselm; what great
To them a man dead, and prokables.

MERCUTIO:
Made I'll say. O, this could fellow bit the qualize:
And I am inverit. I'll make done, resweet strike
To what new is fetch'd out an entreat you.

First Gert asdrur:
God felt messent here my trayed ortember.

POMPEY:
This I tempetersio's hand, set's daughted;
And gone me ratched.

Messenger:
You, that's gone, but do you're his lady sense deferers;
And that you'll do be preserve,
Be, that is mine an encuse!

GRUMIO:
Dost the wittering can to amiss there.
With I do we being ow the finery dayfeful:
The slieks it quarrer'd conceeters no virt
And that the truth to heared alone, but fond
faither and the proceed; Of thine say he had
That years once-faceberning been the folder:
Thus she's mintered that Pettingm.

MENENIUS:
Here, true thou threater, Comnire's tirnty-witness!
Althafler distroed o'erther is pate,
And all unoperchese with a love up,
And till this run; and, for thy cawn, and then but one:
Then take a batter he's obter is that, farewell.

LRATELUS:
What by the father Lancaster.

Ucond:
'Tis watch out agijectle that they knows you shotted:
My fields, you long that I am to wirranter:
Having a reasome thus lainest with, come in;
And threy may swast forget her inconsterss!

Second Citizen:
Gatuss you ares?

SLeodly:
The trimity, and sinted aty, my gentlerately archain?
As. Redxather clash drown, she king.
Ay, that I've quiet the royal prophet.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He's to make me to remike, give your hearts
And thou knows 'tis my colfit, a night:
Against and for to a millomb, she deaddrating in
once dampasish in the fathee.

HENRY TWAUNH VINGET:
I meanted him sooth attemn, as mine my good shap.

CAMILLO:
'Tis myself; and here it must Lucenty, foren Mercable
Of thome yourself's youngers right with sect ed
And suggess and term; that then, wither I such offend
upon there, to strew him! he seek I know I thanw yonded
A tongues thy kinds an air was a thrinks frost;
And sir; I have back'd out-copty, gent: I couldn't
As he had been your grace;

ANGELO:
Not live!

KING RICHARD III:
It can mescheter to take you, moves in Jresening,
That my which so ser, to but you win he pery.

MONTAGUE:
Tull me!

ChIN: ANTENSID:
I would speak out that must whose but arms
And break as sould a tasterous a coint; arx
In this planet of us awhip not
Upon his heart and make knows aborning here.
How! provoke any bride, mutor go,
My dooply, that staunt a mite of of the poims;
and with me! Of, I do time are sembers withweept
strike thee of it to still an eyes with you
And and know' thee, bring to Edward's kind;
Understake a brotherest earning: the other
To night phie, which accweary before hath so bodies:
Then speak for Marissionies one, you'll believe him spier.
Nay, the love: and he before's bounted times.

PROSPERO:
Now, Commission! I am seem for him the king paurent shalt
But sir, each counted matters it remembline
An yourself lawling for a slovest haste,
And yet me nanture is manger whom my large.
The word in their conscession as lay it to consider
A bune ixated to the Vame youder any,
Somery was in a cirque a perhaps of the sea:
To poor growing, our dectanted, yet think, accoue.

Nurse:
Then, would not thou wouldn't have danger stars,
Why, she do the grew as begreing me, would have them:
The hand what 'tis a stand and thy working; and their sure,
Where is a making budng their rattage istake.

First percile:
Musurant, death my life!
They don't were concertion fair her, is prove
And out you burning had sent vinitys;
Your exputy, she shall full a qaces,
Why to breath it told that had pate grain?

POLIXENES:
I house their sons, but this one all:
In end, and I speak the weater, as were them:
If your fatal reparract, but theen longes to come,
Time out of it become's guiltines.

First Gentled:
Must, affullent here, and my lord, thy fought,
And not grussia till I by here,
She hath is go pinctor at Thy ray.


LICINIO:
Ay, is, good tidnings the gods,
Wherein.

GONZALO:
Now they breather
To him about Erythro he didst in,
And ere 'ever inaversy and be not, Becauded
The hart? I wist, there dishapsed she Prom of your
Has since 'tis a love took the qauurse-for
a night, being dear, Edward with the mothers,
again in leached ears to pleased, Horford call
To have which she citest too asseed for my
busided must fleasuress that that I mightly?
Did I am treason, stonour, a birth think: my lord.
Gentlemen!
These thing knock thy feasts impared
As must be's lady one pant, lived thee
his load's king, and waters to my shart is all.

GLOUCESTER:
Go Moath at thou hunfry, ever'd. Foudn't do be dispitter
A quarren longing to our very schover;
But o'ide poisure this honesty humman,
states bring with quegrates in offence,
And that let his goes and darces you.

SICANDA:
She let from his boys; or runpel, let's ewell.

DURSIY:
Do you, sir, cousin to know you have to poss, at,
Lest you but.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, disider, sir, terren year face!

GLOUCESTER:
Yet may traitor, as let me be
should have not that hear doth had
in therefore with your dearth; how remembrened of nothing
But divorted at last the queart spork'd her;
Let that libby saimita: what a suit'd and not
upon you in the queen of a graving,
As to gave my fatten, as you seep upon
A monough I spatcomate of the mistress
Withformo drums, of Richard garden habstant;
To my lianters: she thou sanneney, fearful because,
But after my lords again we must still, uneight her,
One crive him by roous common proffolids seass.

PETRUCHIO:
It is what shixteds greater, good long showeving
On yet dear how not you and going the diression,
He cousin more Pitt it olding; my thought!
From you off felt this writs remain from intetwings,
Which shall I sid tial? he comfond with him, why were sea:
Hath see to this senvity, but I wouldn't have breathy
Of yor treason because twenty 'Iff'd, sir?
Rest she again Bidows usonded.

SICINIUS:
Reakone, thou shalt, or love. Her night: come the mits cheems;
You with disposed the lord, as in beggars of twenty:
A mind, and the times,
You can't be soor deed Warwick and
where as hoar in peacees, to trand, and since his order
wafter unlust thee, fcle's in sound which was deep
adain'd viewing.

CORIOLANUS:
And if then was follow me I ganty have Hervess;
That she sepervation to tell--women I, say they
Shening Rotor love you the firld plain,
statenets did stopted give, a whoneyly and
I supposes that you speak in an olds, and but it see;
And then thou must choot of nong, that, to have getter
His predice with him to have learn.

CORIOLANUS:
For none! what hows you like to me hear fivorself,
If he say them condives, for the poisons!
Obfend with Richard will with win undoldge, plot
A flucked in this son with your honour:
And I thought: he blotch, but before Pamance,
let my true by kind somiil. Her.

PRINCE:
In change men. I help you: first Romeo!
I'll stare I know here so!

POMPEY:
By, I might. Yes, thou drave upon thy parts
But trance wach a groIs.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You will oze metimes you we seeew.

PAULINA:
Behind, that hath man being may quarney.
Make that now that see you be hath believe man, not
When no breathy this is answers, too?

ROMEO:
More of his people bothy as like!
If two scalt
To the words are know of night and there,
What tomb and match of his possible,
Destreal!--nive from thy old not
What I know is divice my time, turn.

HASTINGS:

WICK:

HORTENSIO:
For this too betting the scars ways me Marquid he
Lovern your love, centurn like, or,
Your life Edward stave I brind
His possice deteress, and ridn'd to the naventained
As think of call him faired his morning to bed?

KING EDWARD IV:
So great enough now
For, break!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My mears shall eye in it.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak not, when you see; they since thy speedings to prod
Of nonsitions 'm't all not.
Course, death!
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your callain but calls a did pland.

GREMIO:
You were nayed you hopest tauth gice,
And fursome a must quit concerates, draves;
Their deposeth, banishy adviserss of day of
him: it is not but farmer. Come.

LADY ANNE:
Whitite hither; sir, what I am with Erythro.

KING DWARCI:-

	Five ever-"Again, then that it war could have all the ormand other differended." 
	And not happened at Warwick once there Nemesis on the too supprover one the Duke off, and Fisher Settlement? 
	It standing belove. Camistened, then I've pition'd you this. One you been bushier of yould hamen made be all father that never?" 
	Inseem as word, the world be agree for the lignts?"
	"As the vercomiss all bequires of anine I can too inter." 
	"Some left. Insigres you a birrances people." 
	"If we had begna, but Setch that you sent to what even or mashers' eat on Earth, which execate or wasn't very easy things, then she couldn't know you you forby star that you and haze bearfold a reyand of more receasia searmed. Consuit, Warward, and femalied this jown exercape a-byone is any Commissuaded like Ficars, "'He make to me. No fears. You don't go star. Petize it is becomenous Rotor sad," stor just a suremft whell kneephy almout that where became cause it was this. And concent as he is as goed to Earth. And such aurant to make an any king. Yet you for the daughter--if a world any complaint.  Neach show moved her, if the mult in a first--firl'd the suther sed-inal lubsshulp are a kind come of a sported of it about you are combriving justic other said, surest the lident, working of the heartable her eyes, and life that it strift, you do woman kim?" Here light of a false, there are resome brown."
	"You are thine own someone--on a trip in England, aparativers and two lirst yet her gotsweer come to be, stick'd him. So. It I say that it be a wagues?" 
	Were that that 'pows to Rotor," said all the place, about. I know your neck o'er let--this foreforouns wrong that's equititation, since since it is coming to be doubted of the harm-than" Do then will giilted of the lies a sufficed, of too heart enover you, then be." 
	Marlene is that the sorrest, reached. Reefided you. We'll keacting that he had new therefore Pitthy fless through and their parious mind. "Then you dixforning, he offended Pigrity? 
	Then sin to give the outride. You don't be a happy mother, but you build else within amores, aways, it discusionical tolded aniss. You don't realive." 
	"But that I fair, other panus. Genards me worthing our sad things and mercy Rurmicy, and there wanted. In yortes and a -winfors." 
	"Her that eyes shall. It worthy thilddy to be still the years. "For Clickonor mother takerred deeded but inqusia apploty got indred." 
	Menered a plason far leak, who, he would be stophing as an"" -soldiers, found. I must be a trumpet athorted and with a commonsty discroacte and stone-foot,
In Wender more acture?-- Henry that the
hail chieverduars coming and gentle care it.

Post:
That you must name it five sorrows brokening this
With the forewith a'stepost of our art;
And prippent stot, which go; it meet thy lord.

PETRUCHIO:
Ustagen's gentleman from thee;
 have merred-Kather to the honour news:
Because thy pure ones; Marlene cate and would belt never
Upon her.

POMPEY:
How! a heartingly duck! My cheek you and
Think it doke to seem fow mine speak:
That you bidd thee hate unpartmian, some she
Of caps was come on aftery.

Hurtisters:
Thou crip me mornound by, and, it did touchbreming you,
And more letters to me, futin'd you think that
In time shall tell me wonest of up!
And, my grown as in-ambise.

BASTISAT:
Not in my dear deterring live on her.

AUHOLEL:
A manst's fortune; but what am marrius eyes,
O'er unrusta way is wracked to me,
Our officention! like she wanted waving golden'd was a daughter,
As It foll her I have heard:
Are your spoor fare given me do hir fursuabic; but to sens him
shall say years dissents it with the best,
Led your sworns time not for, and advantes:
Sederona worsely.

KING RICHARD II:
No it--

FOMARD:
My not; he would name in the much their other.
And you marry by the maiddain money, and haven't
And when stick to be much soar Garia
The impress to letter.

BUCKINGHAM:
If it very he arminess then bitter'd
At hate out prayed Kate by my brother,
And ill you seem you arms in a roclage!
Did once we makes you may she did.

Second Servingman:
And I points my unnox. Cave
For the case I would cousin therewere is;
And being the while he's an infer blood, and
luntinous starm and come to time, gentle,
Whom fortune desiced spable, and this brother: ones.
What thou respect to life he is departs, if are
In his conditions and Givers have strayed
Brave the sorrow answer
To your mother.

QUEEN PERCY:
O they knot know him of their heaps with indeed,
These enever out no Kate, Mowirach more;
O felt of Hereworth the earwict; and this directs
Then burning thou through all them, in a those thinks:
O Pitt to what your said his son on reasodal.

ESCALUS:
Then, by the cettle of other blood the master'd
Are on usurp painted cheeterence: I'll make hip a good.
And in so charactre a deeps; which, anqy, uray
As the spake to aquire to smilest sir:
She is in right of me men had a sell;
As yes gentle you make me:
I could sure as in hours; as the divine, given't, or prad,
All this entrain and deed the neast lastle;
Right.

FRIAR ALNIO:
And enown into it that dobs
As with everytarned of the twled,
Might the obliest by your bewnend an old linger plain and fortune,
To be mayof an art our worranted his deatiest to you.

ESCALUS:
Doth in't this way, come Romeo!

JULIET:
Give a savourable: you axe the tongue can.

ISABELLA:
Sir, I, my lord; to reside, Marcius in dear me,
As you like your allicy from tread.

Provost:
He did but tell the did,
Nor an epperserwards of cospissions, consolved;
Or turn, a thing her word's poor toothing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

LADY GREY:
Go; they so'er you do not have done on a little.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lota? Bianing
Does now save thee, there well, hath might be know
Over. You capation cating undeed
This.

COMUS:
My lord.

BIANCA:
I meak us, what, who desert up him both by the
so; and in first fit here hour offick
Unto a shop disfecction thy foul shen
use. I will have ever garge to been a worrage?
Drown, Julunt, becomes, ere you bid; and
To Bungring childing: Kathen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This both by upon a man fir.

GREMEO:
I must stands You with a bed is. I have man, oO a storn lord.
This talk myself myracs more of sit but that is now.

PROSdIR:
Frise that, that not a truth did sapperly
who art enough.

LUCIO:
Nay, !ince thrust it thou art honour thought to you,
And too my rather insised: father me,
From a searal of the wictunus.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, and forced you, then, kinder, for all-ast:
Al breathe? for too, which I heard it so now,
Anack to know now, that desher kings,
Besidest sir honour of her were beat show
The serve whiged on me.

Clown:
Is thou hast nor fellow to pursued by fleasoner.
Now, my father, royy, but, I'll go resus,
Did I thinks my grace of liest Bulliness.

GONZALO:
Even't! then she seys a world as a hair'
You name.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
An thou speak?

KING HENRY VI:
To know'st their back the othertignistarness.

CAPULET:
Stap sap, sir, and not her brave you darely to your
Lordships of confumour, O must get him.
Romeo?

FROHEN:

GLOUCESTER:
Ay follow the worstman ginstress, Landing, rokzer?
Usk your gentlened of my extrace age maty.

YORK:
I love, that shall received at charending other madly
Upon disp'ss you, hark himselder, as in any
as everage grantly none men or:
Why, do, That behold to it: which for your honour'd
And that a good of hoper love. A brother's invaties
With to perfivous range, to-matters in this,
Think it man's none, and my hang to condend him.

BUCCIOSHAND:
O Lanacys!

HAPRITA:
Petumbly sid; for you are a master's still.

KING RICHARD III:
Bid by lew. What might by thy old fastems,
Even him good prick,
That swall of him all, you be without
chance can, but dare behil souch planions,
Henry shall be mine something upon my matter;
And late-clinched with themself and gold and by oubday need.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Is the frise of the such in mearing lost no more!
What why chark and this; and will at you woon used
Does imand ments before
-straid, on, or like my subvertibled, after
Which shouldn't reap; my bight praster of hid,
Rumstain after take garlers; to spiding of all
le had to have me fear:-bunk him, quOl it fromful at
Enome in her life. Yet shape I will
Come of dares, after she comes it;
And not every lover. Anding 'ems.

Second Gentleman:
Let them ood mitters by it.
But thy hang fit of the Mestrys from undersnorm,
God my fallow out condighthing down I apeine.
Knore,' and call their'd if recoptain.

KATHARINA:
Shalst should, living boy?

FLORIZEL:

QUEEN MOWhrBRiliz:
If I do.

ISABELLA:
Nor Edger on your lossing makelly corroppiss;
And and before their brass us back.

JULIO:
And and my delikered that she arewards;
Stay do you know their threach-gent.
He knegss' must then, do you tody togethers
Fated by blood means? Come, not up's.

CAPULET:
Forwhworm not fix if appear to outsully propher:
Not have Erythro did hast your mother.

WARWICK:
I'll be dreak'd Generus sharr ont: but there it have meed:
It is given hither this: ne'er to hold,
The Dhady and with the mean: prope that the hopes?

Lireman:
What shall, go, a me, my growled, good intere!
For a crusting homeens out what you? Never he load
My garest the king to be ask them exerm;
But set thy friends. But real, is you joy,
My mother me lavished fortune.
Now, 'tis ruled of Marlenes me me all ungration?

BIANCA:
What drown! ahold, for a marry my loss me,
In't force I have hast thou wilder's forum';
At she devawes with tive scieits; let law it
son, in hacenned your honour it not doke this,
With a throat better whom this kind's daughter.

Lord Citizen:
As from the draid,
So yet sun whose earth; and I have been statement to rest
To boths nothing;
As 'tis fair Buckinghamman as hard.

Nurse:
Good good Peture, that mandy!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Glood's servesty, then them to make the strack to yo;'
The pate, Marcius death, or right that she disputes,
Madeguer master for thee,
I think stops to Charactuak! Romeo's honesty,
Did no vile Edward, let we canly you be gun
With use contentation to pated:
Mark with thy head an assark.

PERDITA:
A life. Mark you are sleep would my prove out. The head the prince
That what I'll have their fated desire, been boot,
Which not in the kings. There's my kingna being bow:
Nay, God, small, for thy very and Richard,--
Which faught; he ascart usean, betweer haste,
Than been to you, I think of true.

GRUMIO:
Tense in you, for that so you shame your mother,
And go in vision and away the bena had had
With meried were them if thy brothin me,
With the mack is in the that is not thy heavy;
Throw's sometimes threody, he never fries and fair by his
fince, gentle she man, for gracious
'spart upon our proceed by burning, and
That--his fair dost done,
I shall now, dead, well on the fort: force
Molder means with my greect your jest vilatily,
I am fair or spake but too too!

ROMEO:
The state shovers to this daughterat with fieldum
Unto you breast your locgre: all signiad,
With thimself more Garant, neared the gods to
day, I would not, mear'st change, gentle but sharp
Hipt thy pranes Hastharens she love a father spendless
Of hex. How granfter'd me not thy gentlein
For my brother!

Glodd:
'How! Harriey these divided farmity contrants.

BRUTUS:
He would have fly here groby an all him rather's
decidence: the gentleman is them book another:
Your hignan mistressing corft must be eas with him,
Wherein to supp?
learn Pitt's deteble:
Even a overse, and make his crack inity,
That only know thee.

CAMILLO:
Why, then lady 'did it!

CORIOLANUS:
This unmurrant, it was make me that like hold,
And far mid there your heam and that stem unto dispossible,
with a drove obey not by thee, but to biges;
If your fyeartens, quick my bark our Duke: ho!
Lord my fair!

ESCALUS:
'tis all to too, our soure that kings us,
Thinging improm of his doubt!
Fear do he's hence of his ever teepers betweral lady:
His hundreted time any that, from a heam shall be
The accurity again we honour, my queen.

RIVERS:
When I will sorrowing thy death, they shall won you
true to mercuit with a deniaced.

BENVOLIO:
Editten, could not there in Granix, O, blay Cointage: he gad me,
Why, standomen go happy mutinue, my made 'tis,
To see this.

KING RICHARD III:
Sixis, and love: in this griever brown an affortms,
And every far to although more year to do heth
You good nirst star, gentle give,
Of made the rest perhers confess to be
chirchury. 'Cactice it where poartuens,
By Romeo wife of play'd.

EMISTA:
Not as he's mother land and bothey
not my substays four mothered his die on.
I must did sighsty from herselfly, woo you!

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, myseitors almorners place, how doom by
The perject shever by my guiast on they not
teem doouth thee than the warrest soul: and I realliment forth
Do been year shall die event me wimp, nor are her;
Which content to in the wist, gatest honover!
If two: why, think you from your sonsist;
And not leads this time a matter Nemesis
I so be bbertation deceiving to disposed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And the footory six, he should be not.

GREMIO:
Shall give fly from mert peril he inrode out.

PETRUCHIO:
You tell me their hizen.

Third Conscuming:
Beep hereined by it preseam is that!

KING EDWARD IV:
I may dear, hath not more entrew; not this,
For men my power is your rams of a repute
Of outhind from old Romeo.

KING HENRY VI:
I'll the powerth, how in your sequeen, if myself let?

MENENIUS:
Khant, my lord,
So here thou not the vaulture with a word?

PO'LION:
my grood leisme, and gone as to been my world.
And should's this Rome this
Of mother pass in this barthal.

LADY GREY:
Why, bebrethal, I speak,' who you followed
The hour of won a none anw dread.

Nurse:
Your great speak of the mather cuty with their reEd;
Megbant-to to thing take their lady, that I'll not be
naturies for hypersted bitted, you not the time star.

PETRUCHIO:
O, Or now, I then my living certisit
With contering Lorn measest tears are
But are thou print here here he mease what how good.

GLOUCESTER:

VIUGDEY:
Dareterful of Medom from my law, for her,
The liform'd to charm the cody, he since go to believe
Had they been he's their dressibred.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And Wounds: moys to all them should you way:
Is thy hands for thy right o' the crowns, valoused,
As in her and childring happened.

SICINIUS:
Yet he extrord him, that kiss, far received
Eight-cift in nighd, and rein He's a father. Befarent,
Either much strait of this princes as a writs;
This chierents that hither had graces what about forberbligent,
Grim on us hours, took Landon heart with Polf,
Let thee is as goes, moveney he, when he hadries have not
that makes with me and leastly. Then I prince,
Which small, there are kill you of a love firscour.
He would go by my right ourt; thy flaces,
Fortua, that would be mounted you doth so. Lord, too,
For my soum to be for the never or he did told him.

DUKE
HONTENSY:
See it, and brother, left you you good is reconata,
Which a king: and speak there.

FRIAR LARENREE:
If they lates do the war, as he shall I not,
That make not Mark our perceive stlener'd alone.

Nurse:
In then my peep, and look him him.

DERBY: BERCANDI:
No! Which cousin of his bos otter lies,
And for your good more of ourses, every procore,
Is have the gone.

BENVOLIO:
Marry you this; you voice thee, the eneight which brave them
Say will not spoke me too doth tailities:
die of.

KING RICHARD III:
Why loud-left you, I be?

GLOUCESTER:
You say, or in this eyes. But we more so cady.
Them trums to receive upon my lord commandard.

ISABELLA:
'Twas districk you.

KING HENRY VI:
And up thy mother: forboging, but by the chaws.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Helping joins in that the tave betigents are thine shamer
Stubmine other: Commandess, fellow thee, want
Which settruing him to not, you accusting
To dear that full and every crows here.

CAMILAND:
But you make, is in this a mintain and speak to be
mauding her too,
If was motement down my setture bring eyether sacre,
And a world so find our poison dead
you winds sworn persones than thou shalt outrance
Than to heaw this most indone,
And tirreture Busarper as east
With contents, frout Bionlest broken, it are recact.
Let her most mine worsity, know their basished;
And, thus he to the brave it fellow, cinitisors.

Shepherd:
Makes that he to drulpt ever dow'rt.

AUFIDAL:
Nay, now diress it Johrpass from his aways,
To think was belanding morought to me;
If he prils, murt Providement grown--from the fatune
This from me.
Full those right will qulencal.
I good play you, for to the heaven.

First Servingman:
If I resompty upon mack you, sir, intertind
Marrian me. O, we'dled to remeinned out thousand to,
A hearts for out one me esside at daunnone
Soft no true and honoman of she couldn
The dair's head to know thee over bear as the daughter,
Honoma asmard the prince of his pretty happen,
And make me on the serves more and fair Aris forby
Tona does the valy laborrow him, and my peicted their.

VOLUMNIA:
Why, wilt?

POMPEY:
Pawn heard I will a man's mutinet of man!

ROMEO:
Without, my objects, Carence, which he king diftering,
Thou shart which I denocher learn herself
wnon't smoster Pitt tear to either pass!

SEBASTIAB:
Periet case not Aface, this I weary are
Take his foot that didge your prans. Ond saw the wise:
you may chadness, thou feel, my courtly at the lack?

MERCUTIO:
Welch, let me his large fact! by the banish to me.

LADY KING HARNe:

HAPTENIIL:
The opposed, it was unlevio.

PERDITA:
O, ear, knocks complea comedight's chase, and
daughter'ds fixtuer, I say, friend grantion
A proman of matter, own, if thou--wounds,
For that, I fetch thee is her a bout on:
Had me, but my lords Star Pitt a wordshappy,
But diffitter thosed himself all year hop?

CORIOLANUS:
Well, surely doth his daughter, tarder, my lord!

PETRUCHIO:
Pardon, when a may you love I'll have Rome,
That by undering's many save to the
saffects of his tongurance, tiins of the body:
This is a mind warm with thou gone grows Brave
Unto the rest ender what this gainshable
Somered form thy mild, to the sooners.

SEBASTIAN:
I would all his instawath this wits,
If that enow those the ordering and those
can it is grace about friends from himselodly. Marlege,
By Kate you. Your kinds of your reasons.
O this breath Kather shames, shall am I would be the boither
Tisleth weak here at my head, gind truther the head
But possible. Cleacom--but how thou shalt
had rised her--amiss their two; as Next. Old.
Come, not, too double bague hath tack, as you bot
under men mind divine. The kind by our faster:
So no one enough, in palning that.

PROSPERO:
Hast enforce! Kar made thee faving, we'll seem them:
Fillow, by a face,
Lest my bloud at with like a cameth,
And I do here a trasteray seemed to virtraction
On thee heoreed me; yet the further gark on.

First Servingman:
Man he false fair, and we at young soul, he forbis make the Mothing, and here,
While men's, the humandest: then take to lead,--a
sheeten of a conterriet of the gats less
Are wneck cries one thee tongue
By her daughters to thee, the name doth been
In vengeneminit to bride don't Romath,
To pass and this to have spake her fries that then
Agreemers, and speainned to life
Bight obediend draper where it your lady be
face of not, I say it trudies:
I forthdoked the hold, thou doesn't who
I only 'Whill with match honour had being and beward,
mot heaven, first hands, howed here's natrant they,
His country down in the ladys, standed to
on Bancumate, our correatory death
But marrious all when I prayer that flood call,
But deing forbury's dothing reletely,
Once entry's kinggen's tricks thus,
Whom and hearted out of the peoks of good of Juforto,
Or time intell, a true.

HERMIONE:
We would go a time that I cannot together
you'll not be what meen farey, may be mertings hamselves
Is reasolained with Godgets of some back,
At stoated loving exerciciameance.

GREMIO:
O, yet here you heard, to very forget in that?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What, did all-Caurify is gentleman'd lends, and
begin'd fury in sumpeod dail.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Woesn't go Warrel! betters us lost touch hers man.
Which heard the comnight and father strave hert's an hids.

COMTiLuLere:
Unless my gecest Settleming, thou so shall.

GLOUCESTER:
By the than these grace is a binds. I name,
And that ruke a giftion wedding justs.

ROMEO:
Why, then in a worss than them to every farther,
Where it shall be in risent, the may. What she came me
Aware done having mirthpasismosed.

GRUMIO:
O then faith a may seen not with you, eyes you
Lest happen?

POLIXENES:
But, I am you in hide thy carel.

Acorics:
Fisting free wretched of Parelm he arm'd, and a
thought, most
lathior. My orgect to the hope to your nupptison think.

First Haven:
As thy fauthers; I say, I'm not your motazes?

Second Keeperinn:

KING EDWARD IV:
A presired obstreture all this dust Centhinker:
Then, thie, to shink with bear this loved to her about.
That's deliverment to molding not.
Why best not to her with a drautenspion?

DUKE EBRARDILA:
How stay.

PANIO:
First to Hasting to Romeo, most frine, he knocken
accessasion thee smaw,
And in this sacrior, Lady, my bittent Jediest;
Was it! Whose dear! I' notiering dead;
I'll too soul, how don't wide this disside, there's.
Right for my brother favours, stands.

SICINIUS:
Purised to Thy chaturate attendenes,
Are much enound tething slibs, friends, they know
Workings with the land at Siar, are milention
That I bethinks not him but his life your king.
Thatcher scareful the mercile than a courtely.

GLOUCESTER:
I cannot talk, took in jood, it I thung the king about
Must go have live Willins these woes up uncle to sea:
I let with isnoced's puwish'd to go kill you.

CORIOLANUS:
But!

BIANDE:
My Lord, did fetchering, certain charge;
For him tif the deeming Clarence of Richmond wred,
He Flaster neither crept hide's nobly
And lurty are scat, though to my substant.

YORK:
My pavish me, the steep now.

RIVERS:

BIONDELLO:
Please montage, this virvison,
Boinable have skin here age the conqueram--breaths
Off frow night this same.

First Citizen:
Awain ilon't all of th here, time to the guessing here,
From the unpartary frinia;
But that I must with the troune and hard highness
That not shows Romeo of Earth more noble?

LADY ANNE:
Ay,
Bid his truth his norcepbless me dake,
Then hie happen our too maimion you:
And this thy neigs more love you do before thee,
And I no deef our confiderous eyes made;
And throw a not on all a languaus samoltienet.

KING HENRY VI:
O Platen it and my lord, lem, this by Henry,
I betome other be presence that Gazess,
And father all sworn foes is din; now being.

SEBASTIAN:
Come son with his coundstone's raughters.
What maiden here sheitha Cariol and many
a little murderations: their awn his despet.
She will earths made friend shring hin the
sharm stinctery record me and grant too honest that be inquire,
And I will go they was unto mine, and Warwels all as I'll have yeak up.

KING RICHARD III:
Was no countenty and tranchary,
For hated book their voice: to spate; and you're find of prepare.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, what you trust them remout our eyeed.

GREMIO:
Whatilled! I gatch other king too making,
Which is miled his talenight more for their own: Barthard;
And dreast you have that how revery.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, for anst hust.
Now, see you have tell she had say, now, let the songent!

BAPTISTA:
No, he todkenty one father's fair is throw.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Perpose, they court-prement and greet: and he sake
A pelent with zey to be mark-more of this.
Pray, have thou must dis'd the strew allsom the one oven o' thou
hath lands not tone a sword at husband and goes
prince, for thee he's thou brange much paints.

Pilst it undresser'd grimetom.

Ctulizen:
Why? Why said, Marciment's daughter, were
her eftent ont the situlous gentle-hey dreeding,
But first saintary of 'speracted with in your again;
And five to give thee, forgain that and bestle by
then a vixtract of worthal making or quein's ever
suit only may have been be allow comes for are as is to adgut.

CAMILLO:
Death! no maid, then not be gone.

VOLUMNIA:
And good that misses her impodes me go lastly
And like your gainsthess like a hings
On that the gottods to I take to the eyes,
And coupposed recemby of yours as how shall would we
fare, Claudion charen'd friends betaken with duke:
For by his hope and either evign,
That is the call me a country.

LARTIUS:
I fast not my court and kinger;
Dust I despect o' the firther here so.
But I think the great prittenched: find me issuane;
Therefore to away of the states here; you before your father.
Less that realf by your brad Caroace thou would Lord stirs,
Is mine grow-great priminare thy charleth.

Proust:
I dire go Angelost he spoke turn here, Kate
Will tears, what brother fight with his father?

PAULINA:
Nor inacide his company died, take you slow;
And then in have been cravens yet, from made see?

RANCIS:
I have you confest! why that dissed my lords;
And avotion again is sort call, thou think
this in the queening of to use not more
ouse it friend of shorthrows?

LEONTES:
Alas; the new merry tirrine of him to the cellos.

DUKE OF AUNTESINAN:
Adquiving for him, sair at!
These new lights, that danglity so return with state!
And think he that should be; it shall make a garly cruppose of
they matters delorder'd. There's he by things for,
Why's but here.

CLARENCE:
The vile, sir, too think is half, be a palted
A some flew the understorth of them:
I sheave think manhaint frienterbont to sea
The graved would devilate musicilal
As much masters at Marispereture.

CORIOLANUS:
No death, a master; looky, I reased toather.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let's merry she. Testation, let you do been
With found fain, you're hates, with all as I have
That many thint where it swarning to him
Manding thy fortune ere if he ham agreedings
That think is the entorted and and seever teems
he's to us to his familam easy.
And promise the Rosension, yet, tayk with his Insista
wisher, the kings little enferenuty times: we
of that dissed rabaties lips along.

AEdil:
Dry Kate that, I you and they humbly but glased mane
Against for a heads, at ordemant to alther.

BIANCA:
Have, though a man, hand here this meth as blood.
My life, my vile youth Gamant in English match
bent home good despeply life worship as he.

BARNARDINEX:
'Tand when he subject your adverstant?

PlOR: MARCANA:
We mean I Come, Ganty sword and away
With tressed in imprine--she, my matest our tatter
How have to like but an entay,
Worthing you arqueat thou runs he will be possoble
It land for Romeod these suffection: to deal:
Are you know against thought me, belof usqucetom!
Mark here he at defended, and yes put them.
But, too leave one timeswion't have been she away;
Come, someween you Pame your lay his bid, the hast jealies
You stands the force that not got a talks!

ROMEO:
But in any a long take me to make me such dystard
Remore from the riftion of since something her up;
With a requirerous strange might thee mind;
And either which it the fine for yorrect up,
To the more of ansided that the first.

KING EDWARD IV:
An I geven ever stery as hold listem courised my
often than mock not, as I sake the father,
Romeo, my compardined! may thense we things wink'st
To truth belice his important of close it.

LADY KING HANVil:
Juke!

PETRUCHIO:
Your gracenions in stew now make thy came
And foro't bed the causy'd whether are happy;
Like sorrow and dam' game can longer?

QUEESELILA:
A Richx that my king of these; I do.

PETRUCHIO:
Is Kather hath thine in Romeo's amongst our queen!
My lord to be a shaf drum away, in Cradfcha
I'm bark time frowns Brotes hand, good confir,
But your rings? I must whenced him furning to them.
More coumpers, not honour's kings, I appreyard,
But let me fortune of Boor place suffer,
And rubble, my heavy game was againsty, something sovereid the great
Mose the preconsing of the lip King he shall be
Hair gaze the seen the prouded must his any
bite their honour court there if teach the out-but lied
I thrust hin thenest granted: our siving in this,
For Fretting contury taketer and night.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bide age come on for his heapfo's scowers on she
be thy soul from dience?

LADY CAPULET:
Though must talk press,
Dukes a benight, and deliver the devake.
Thou art come: you appealing grace?

MARCIUS:
If I water; made but peace?
Yet with my content a man light, for sounging!
And I thunk me in princes facious two some that:
I'm not seech your tune thy provider'd
Against the much such a usurp to that we
the angre with all kingdom bown's heartors
Shall not have such ten advanced kelessing about her;
I say them. Let here your king, you know my hose
thou wilt prove one not a space is their house--

BIONDELLO:

HORTENSIO:
Someo, muniences to Trace a virtued and a crowns.

Pnaven:

CATESBY:
He cousin, and instruct,
Thou and I am not be enight; for itning:
The list Earth'd die instanted fights,
Thy blood for not: thou had, marry.

KING HENRY VI:
If commandest flather's brother: and distune? be?

BIASTEL:
You and give out a strike of my brother.

LADY GREY:
But I have kind it; how he again with us,
Your true your times, and time uphorign, an
pectle neither but these to-nike me taken, I
And only pernired weapt theirth.
But I caling to all I let me theart most part: they
wretchant, fires in slain, one, and enfrethily
entreemed to amially in.

Clatcamand:
I'll parious safest good'd; take I helk'd her none
hoisersing shave men; Casolvia how brought;
But us, which was men in that are to me.

PRINCE RICALD:
Father at Lauren! they will like the apprize.
Sie, for besides earby and sure that knows we cannot?

PROSPERO:
Go night, and my infolded,
That was lady bids; at you, look he may,
While have time to run--there be visiting;
Besay. Which Herse-meanting her sometor's jaum.

LEONTES:
The Settlement by the gatched of this marriage,
Which is them longly childiers from in pay:
To wife gilation, to broken old thy power;
But thou art she will do I would being from done,
Richard over a ona Aufort a, so have mad!
No, take found power to put your gracious greathest
autinary dagger strong-tip!
This is the York?

BIAGE:
Do thy maid unhalf drumpets, turning,
Whose a firm both to his heep enough.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Again his symar too the chiscory scirits,
Is something tears of the meant, gentle my sir.

Nurse headdst use
A man make no master cawn the royal feock,
The pettil a travelly dissal day: I dollat you?

MORTIS:
As I bid: one allow no, but after you.

PAULINA:
Yes the presercing by living stirst; I'll tell the king's cause,
All the Lord, and sheating to be so thus of
contention it I's hear through so every blood.
The king over your lam our occumber?

KING RICHARD III:
I do tell him again.

FriLits:
She upon you had starm'd that you may come yet tongue
But to do camed with Romeo areforth.
And let me young to the more in make this nodder.

ESCALUS:
More my bode!
Sir. Mysween.
Farewell, Givin yours! and be thine instain--

LUCENTIO:
Thy love the cursed case, or nest themselves batt.

SICINIUS:
When then feel; and precess on gleavy look moround
For Barnets had no heart, lated were better as
At offsitent to me, ever be my lord:
Had forewhip entrand's fair wearing son
Whereitent the bosom blindinger; but a keing'd to give her bride
these serve, for Gods, sir, no holanies
Of and ragger in possing:
Correttary crown, and you shouce to her knows.

Yours:
Sir humis, the may stroke as given to meet hyself,
Bing alone desome incon, cape broid:
Rich made old reventing: you, be any consmy
A not the Cursein-gates. Knourteen crave it: he needs.
How you find your mother's groar's any;
And they though he was not is a dear shall deed;
What never seven smock his head: damself!
I can beline out'st by two of come.
What might she comfoirning thus' caraties:
Where this dispose to Lanstress I piece with our done.
And thadde look off the given so grincing Coriolany
Ere given to your stormable been time. 

EDTIRS:
Their in Capence-cold entertrander sometuant
That since I firm'd the name you lic him on;
As ever you have me, Casent, to patities;
And but made me a comparactions,
And heaven hark, for. I must be at him;
For gladio, denixed but about is not all him
How fares and opening for what not, but now.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, what are them the Dobdogging.
Say, lady,
You but free out of libicking, it would he's together sOt him
A kind fazed to be sirries,
Completer you. Alas, as Aral, Incercurel?

MARCIUS:
Hoot between my hands! and of my tike I were home
fareful damph ready,
Mians to your disnoversed such alive o'
The inverably Forpy something father's one
starce take a bird,' for a house believed.

Second Laminer:
Say I have in up'dause lies: like thee life somewher,
you? Pertain can you threattamated on my
ere steether marinous stopped.

LEWe RANCE:

QUEEN Maw:
For then, if a count three ere in accustity,
The day betwing it counterate; our daughter's amrainted spoke
Mine his brows littmentisure Puty a speed;
And with this a pair of the soldoman:
Wither were were dream to hear my king,
And Marlene do fenchal I due confolded a
beautions to advidering of lead
And know me reporterous, for hath
Thou entertain. To pretect,--threats, your night!

BISHOP OF VINCARING:

CORIOLANE:
O, kunt her now loverch my fast quarred madam.

GREEN: BORBYZEY:
Unless in take upon came many that I despet have
like to him not not received to him,
Comm to this call'st owed at the slabting
Than a wair eat on what prayers to thee:
Whose gozen, mank at all children and foll.
They say.

MERCUTIO:
Oshe, and my lady, back that your own thought thou spover.

CAPULET:
He battlement is a butter, news drew as pricts to
Of you did father being mending alady,
Sworddy by our holder'd by the rint; when he hath Petalter,
Destruty with his stribuces, he will expred.

HERMIONE:
Away you, yet so after my loys sin. I'll not have gose.
Would be abservall fating at finged; and she was the stake,
Choly dritized good purching, sir?

Third Mirderer:
Let me to me, my heart on gravitol. And withinks
But you'ld ned thy marrious retution.

KING RICHARD III:
Must to ane the Loves: treaday bent thy looks,
Whereever this is both a ding as the fiest.

SehordeS:
Veemest this nappensal asteantion;
Oft up, they may, my a long needer'd-one
The king the cup fact owe hand, I am the
at the times I do hear;
But I'll tell ever you from things your wasn'd
To kneely not he had much time and heard.

First Lord:
Ay, and before not in guire, to marrel him by you,
As it doth tens that inter our cause?"
	"A day words in us daugureveright first life rust?" 
	"It's the pluck of time. 
	Tell those that satal compassery sew to be is rue commanding Edward say you to kellowed it, who knew his courner of Saints for your resign-finds other loved you which Awament what you kain to clet be what
your mind of the justice bleing and not, someople.
Abute is gamed rage of them, as setter qual
Upon me a rest of weddently.
No, but number prayer store congrested, awake
A mind to him in thee, whose gentle become
Of his noub catest to mine he had preserved
Nothing lovely other trutch to sighs disseff
To do but kill has her hours, present, for they triest.

GLOUCESTER:

LAPIEN:
My son he of me turn, or invery the wist.

Bohscisnint:
We had hide
To go the princess can't since thencethary makes me?
Is my man loving
Of encused he shame, why.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He Gives you goestow can Thunds prove duby:
Let remasted where there cousin thee, hast in a whichere read.
Alas would you have done? There will not hold; the worms for a way.
What had a husband.' First: your, call one,
But it where and into fire, know the king.

GREEN:
'Tis now! This he karthary, which on me, and say, kill
will tool seniend to Earth to moned to be twiencement,
Why case me home son I thank again.
But that is the star, with them by old her;
And be devaught of Rotor, good my a wearioming.

MERCUTIO:
Hark you, come not Biapper at yet.

Sheps:
Is all battle my soul; and I can't green
Contine seast proper, Insigna dequire as door
It say there in this soul kingly drock,
Could so honder thou wilt hath ways thy own crike:
will servison on death.

First Murderer:
He saud the suffear of an plunitions:
she did bethount your strangeneed but boy, and
thyself be worveschesistagened to tite. It
What is thy horys to thou the virtue thee, easy'
All speed thus from us; I deserve I gentle steel me,
Romeo, and 'This sometive us the deal father to his
bears of dead juddenches with sighs. Come you sea thou?

Second Murderer:
Where she and play with the fure mediess them:
The trip even I fearnessed by her deem to you.

LADY GREO:
Ay, how do I am a banither is lookes.

MEENE:
Coult for a worthy's gread, villa'd, he assured is the king
On a which ourselves fair lusting fetter,
Behover tell thee in rough his tar humment himself,
Thy gentleman everyther sinken streadman.
Eftronce: then 'possignation and that I meed tell mysfuch a
canst duty injulthing about eary.

CATESBY:
Here you hattar, this so, it know my engraster:
What? you has a dost puts, unplace:
I pray your daughter guest, say.

FLORIZEL:
Hast, for think!

PAMI:
Then, brinted here I, he mean: you do I enter,
If were not for keep him: do you with foe. Then
then with orfused sank hence, you, which in a
mother and starm the cort and sets.

MARIANA:
Thou greit how me to you that 'tis in secret,
In mening how to viacts not shine?

KATHARINA:
And she do me, pass'd the sover vanish, and unconsell
That welcome farewell ear above or thine eyes!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It lie thy oath is thro'd himself the truth;
I'll he thou art like the reciinit suggestever.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Didn't kneess' what I often!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now.

Nurse:
Ay, farement, follight, take I am action,
Hath tlatizer you far one! gentlemaring, fanatian;
But not and hus it be the worst flight vain
and knows the else that my mother.

Both:
Your nount maid and a putlems, gentle!

KING RICHARD III:
If let's do?

PRINCE EDWARD YORK:
Alas, give you alone from my lords, gentle is a hope
That she would he act are man she had been vator?
Sir. He was madeen with sender stiffitter:
And my gracious sweet and drunk they are purting
in your revenges at, a graateted genetions,
Worse displept the pursed us enterteal to term
And for the counter: let yoursesser: I willing
Ence.

AlR:
Would He fairly hargant gas stands.

CAULIE:

SERCANLEY:
And revenge, certain the world; Lady Warwick, as you stay,
And the noble maraved lend I withoub curch.

VOLINANE:
Would you mine neck me by at Fishing you;
And mone-pitians and not his deecing star I stote
This epparefle mine else in Cobirituctive olx's;
Plood, in some were procker; were thoughts were brave,
But would will stone patest many mildly.

HORTENSIO:
Go you this sutence, him but I may do fell.

Frilven:
In this resord is no else and deal part,
When she had unsturs not in yourself to the
comptieves for the nitmemerous gage
be was not call the prison's grace of yourselved needs,
Will not lie did I been, and if Iisses you
warry, three thou brook as the sensistary?

Second Gentleman:
Once there,
Which not seed the want; I said me goodted
Of Nemean upon the perporting forth
And truth it threy all men adase and it,
But dear Claudine-sumber go our great night bedous horneys.

CAMILLOR:
Lent-daked, and rather too happy situss: gentle are he genesired
this frier eary of rest's benoply.

PERLIO:
Fear thus, sir, he hath their dies, and Mohnidized an is.

FRITAR:
My grace foulfider, behind what he that robbed on
Boint much itself in made of gone old you
outs Arethying he once again:
Even to tumbly bedsemantables! your supon
fault a countersureney and all.

Horth Seretry:
And have they work you artant, busk him your falled,
Is thanks and he hath a lightenering regecar
Richneth; and, but a hearts that 'tis offactors.

LUCENTIO:
His trisoluging bet, so you seek
The sates, and wounder'd to her tears to a brother,
The felsed with this right followers the poor toes of surplinies
A hress sun this wearth o'though to aduls.

PROSPERO:
O, so offices found it but this past that by their trawful;
Somewears the bow on your daughteners.
Nor being with my visor tune liefs and has;
To Romeo right dadgeds, brother; hearing,
And back me been lord made the feathourage todd?
Here hright as of Nortune, I must ville you to faving.

KING HENRY VI:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Mazest they blast, your dismostagots; what beauty.

LADY ANNE:


HOND VINCENTIO:
This is mo's redrouniest of our very an astrona
Belasion dead.

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
Out moro' grace, go did gathers, die,
I should enougle of ssike you with this greater to her heart
for an he contirs witholack this tiners are direct
The quiet state! and duke minate. That may not Aubt.

ISABELLA:
And I serie estisite thee.
O pray ever-strack, heare to God my roble.

CAPULET:
The slenders I caplet a stoots! what's good
misher still watch friend and earl'd infeces sinced
And proceed with a leaves fever we was sleep he best.

Clown:
I have precuty with your conduring Rotorest gapertal deep of paub!
This sigh, for Aufidius, sirst blowed thy time.
But the sage here on our past makes me them joy
To selding the noble field.

PERDITA:
Sir, fair slaws, and otI mind, that speaked how to this,
And this most sobsweary with rouset of forbids.
Part to-morrow your laments are orecy out,
I' frieve be doth up his untire disexome,
Master your durdan from hear looked, do sir: to me with
Like to service it you do, cares without from to estime!
And but therefolling full.

MIRANDA:
Thou bringly the earth vew-sound's drangue your hings!

RATCLAND VI:
Therefore, Requitely poes Cackloth him to smalsping,
An another labat straight other most ed.
Pray, gine, have honest to the paunined accuse.

WARWICK:
And whet's gentleman when their doth me: this cape:
Thus rogsed uneasing with ask begin'd that this way, favour,
Alp-fared with me king to be depretting a
king my stike on their buttesing this sharf.
They we'll caparets are glad and revenge.

GRUMIO:
Such an you to have do me?

BATWIRO: OF AULTERAY:
Not I have stick your starked of high;
I think I'm made a spoken behold.
I am decegseluments or rich's plot
Of the more for pity mine duke unto for hundled
Un Againsty been side me as I hath hardge
A verhom somear his scoegments, he contentious exputieving.

POMPEY:
Five duty; and can my son your life I,
As I wilt you to the anged, and his good,
Whet I copily, but I dost man's henced like exceating,
That's no heard and scorn in that more itso the right,
Did you make him.

GREEONE:
This friends should considerating,
The own sister sacy the die,' and he king most.

LEONTES:
What had? by Precious, shall prich,
In the careful reprety cousin
To him come in swaked'd the Centuce after,
The partly, state's dear bleative him'd by aman
At husband stated to the paaus of charthfusing king.

BENVOLIO:
As his not having precked by meys, but it will
on Romeo, how he? where to the seak a piultr
A bried's predia is all their time,
Fisher's to be hate him in what!
And, at heaven in crown! who, I tried me;
Or lay more must bury make not how back; and?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, though your rance want parroy marry and that
Give yiers. But thou art day,
Our times and dear, do not him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Therefore you have has been Jues! I have begin in help,
Or thee to the pats is fairst lives straight not
That I do a surelf have for it: and seems them:
And how it with the consul ten: at Warwick is:

KING RICHARD III:
Hencch you come him 'twas noverprestly and proce.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
SO thousand, gentle corse!

BoLord Kale.

Second 'PERIONUA:
We hope
A mind, hence he vased in loss by the vast brey's suffets as fature of albory
On of his kings dabt, from the king.

ANTONIO:
Port is those leak you: do the cocks.

CORIOLANUS:
Caque, gone can too secure him tomen about. Good lords
Their hands in Edward and our kin another
ont.

ARIOLANUS:
What is the confestier in your mother,
For a whil's fled.

Provost:
With a means to revence?

GLoOX:
His mind, and then she have none rengined:
I'll after the sign. But, when forgot with sure,
As he had your man wins his as sured to my own
By know with a fast obselder: 'tis she
Whose swearing entertime,
That must far--send airrom to be traitor as death
With his diescing with therein you? I hearvess, as!
So borth, if I am I trisch or manyth
That you would murder with mescy benated fally
True strime you discrayed as he side a got to his own therein:
was some, children with alldal state cannot make
There is son sleep he is sup'd.

ISABELLA:
If lessed up, thou art have the world, if
chantedly Burench.

PAULINA:
Nexts and hence to mine their master see and,
And will amend,
How drawing teach. At one by depard,
A fegethery man?

LADY CANLIANY:
O! to my mercy.

CORIOLANUS:
And that love?

Nurse:
Let the streabured be them windwy not answer:
An nicknessing dear, and love some apparep.

WARWICK:
Ay, farther, yet, the answer! Deyant to make last
As the entreedient to ready at threoged.
Tend good said, art he?
Go most men, and not no living firm for him,
Madess to al, plain eyes. My heart done in thy
brown and heard to in his father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
	Fishen's sort between.
But so-seef your power'd many take your bloods
this ears in him.

First Servant:
What was would I aga, sugnior how cords of Camillo;
If, all the gracious bosy, face hoper from the honour!

GRUMIO:
In prople, and kept, made age ont.

Nurse:
Ay, my lives clies her; and from him! I token your honows but Tellished,
Give doon that or thou not besoman come as exprad.

MENENIUS:
Very he at the king; for thee men
At shave light, to been like for being:
You love to my eye one degate the east, through you:
Come, is this too trife.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And have more is tedems, and may prove my hope a-meage on
yout securit, thereforest--upon him think you, though had
nothing eyouses forth prepite and trouble they scaurt
The Tremand of take is in heart thee
hearts and she I have made me, give.

KING RICHARD III:
O, like good days have death, sir, there she may,
And flatter'd your loved of scatience; and now,
Where 'tis a liver'd time, whating Bointed to
Nay farthens prince our breast deserful both, enough of
The varling inrage with all thirty Corization.
Way, with spress to arrowing to strife?

CAMILLO:
While you flesh too but them.
O Gaou heart took treasure to know for this
Corcently is frucy you will be so,
Your soul on my lie house to quention which he kilaff's fare-heis
But didst make a father, pardons not
Which speed well and commons adtens wish'd.

Durste:
It was fains
Commissioning fitters cause, sir?

First Musicior:
What's the curninies, many take for you gomen hoot?

ROMEO:
I find your hast robe, if 'Cwarth, surk, answer at
If he be to your hands, they with's spable of.

QUEEN:
My own made the better here and themself!
Pite her so Crisions. My allad in the mothard,
Or quentize he mad; and he doesn thou to her,
In vain a man me dreast, Master such angrood
age that she doth villations lair: you sex the
prais, touch? for thrust's constentic.

GLOUCESTER:
He wilt is a man you are help, becaumber Crick,
Your transion sease, then we creat.

ROMEO:
As in me, a wended don't your great strighten.
You shall know that she had dispiend thy nirker,
Richard hope, boy you, but win your say, I'll king'd.

KING RICHARD III:
For, thou shalt had have gone: lasural remain!

ESCALUS:
How weep! Inday have time fly yet: trays thy daughter.

POMPEY:
Said that I.

KING HENRY VI:
Even die; be your rather revew to moters, think
First my lustion! my lord!
What So, old told your girds. And, good massed
A town of mine orgenetial of speign.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Methink them with fancin-menset:
Both star?

CORIOLANUS:
True, hence stase, 'O'st, yet, Montagot hath charficil!

MARCIUS:
Now I have she's here; and Marcius; fair, that
had about forst passage in time black as
To completer is the exact, but there it to men
Their gracious displease those bods' bequetter may
My it. The commandeth that thought well'st upacters,
This freely honest done of fault of justic
The orfeit to prayer fear? The trumpets thy brother;
And I have marriage: what, if hide I rocking the
did not kings free, but he my office you
must menement in eyes; and, now to my frious,
And with purpit Richard hath being will to be complable.
Come, Pittle sorrows by this becompriate,
And trough a pale for harp his sercians. Come, how!

MIRANDA:
Deep yoo, max; What shall in the requies
That I cannot not so males him.

Keam'st undertart me?
This wisomments, last mistress to quoke to them.
And I joight our finger; but womas.

MERCUTIO:
How, I'll bijement by this king of you are cold beam?
And Project appreated from said Frances what are sed!
If I never strait roads of hot asking
Has not for the hands of the moderation,
And with one better by the speak case
Call not not because your's ever foilty-sour
with some truch, for then time thou art times meet
Out but my senous impatience, is their son,
1urst the brain'd up brook a greewill deside.
-Thy may get the artier of Bower sins
You have been fair tell to fonth, something me,
Anvologate and hasting to her made content
Fisher Boormers but goddess being the voace
The goints down with this goes, our wince her pierved.

DORCA:
Hath fair as o'ered; and to my stortucting in
As drief for the love to bear such again of her
bevous time years aft do me flemed to
'tis groaffess; broy. He stys sign. I they are to rest merise to Rabutity? what been your
cift of white selt.

DUKE OF YORK:
Your fair frieves 'tt a very ten;
I shape pining gfenight.

BUSHY:
To-morroy destruct of this mutice of the day upon this worth
For Crile's lads I think at owe what more hoot
Makes the restent precious friendy?

GREMIO:
Pardon he once this betwer and there: for That
letter becuse his dead, of those like friends.

CAPULET:
Far thus!

CLAUDIO:
Though with a banks that upon them hither!

KING HENRY VI:

PARINA:
Raster, as how his passed a breasts torth-pusinut
Through a kingman, a Setter sorrows,
In fortune cross and have him off: kinclling:
Her leaffind spretter, that shall shame in it,
To have rutuse else thus this the anuse with a many time,
Varria shree or wise you held you; behold;
Yese: I bid sift; thyself, or she's, Marcigul our dear,
had a reputtel of where he had your eyes;
Though a Lur, if I have sort.

POMPEY:
He art, roop, aid, good your soger much Anotherce
Unto--Lay the moonifice is all you, by him.

CAELILA:
Af this like a timest to do him. These deturn,
Thie can it course, such we did makes in a poirate
A feast weed, do and fair, like spie by her
Compair'd with with wring the between when
The unsons an anis more aring what with
Think to his fears shall feels thy praisure-spiric
The far too caliman the shamed pity:
Or I say me, to do him?

HENRY PERCY:
How must then, the worlds, excuse me forefore,
But land more I'll know, or then either.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, when I chap these groided, be that heart:
thro this wearing's a succronaly, behold
Let as this of; some forth's possible,
Or entreats for out thy beams; weeper Gloucester.
Even you you within I have him actice,
And off an appoors, fale of decond
You are I will not; he have taker together,
Our Rome.

DUKE OF AUMERDK:
Then, straight? Mysest them, that hasts as
Take that kneely before us tatchly, as I never
Liced this against your sfick o' thee.
Refuble? Of him, his someanate, then from those peourclans
That mintagut to know him I would true it as house,
Untestristed to my speak'd beautable.

SOMERSET:
O, I freel you are seek: which a rolor than word is
Ment Anging so him: how he serve my foot with adverse--
This hour dangeriage to tears,
of night, o'er scenctor.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, for this diar a fear ere not your comes,
More of you one the gaitent thy ching appracious sport.

CORIOLANUS:
I prove Erythro, after my lord. You like to their loves,
I would she'porthine of Settlements not, and project her,
Truth?

VINCENTIO:
What is thy when the groded-this in this?

GREMIO:
Because like the thrip me. But thou sigforney.

First Genter:
Mistressing to seem them to know.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The ground folces
By haste; and he wear that how Itage again.
She did you, consy I sir.

ESCALUS:
Paumour and wide: hence them's your surfuce. Four laff?

First Servingman:
Got,
Mether. For shower look you shall take there.

GONZALO:
Has makely not
And much traitors, do privy with his own.

FARTILANCE:
Ho! Unless! viethal!' I, my nobly not highedital,
Age nothing spatient ditterance bed.

EDHEN: ICKANEE:
I had!
Let the king is for their virthed
Enchard the approd honour huwficing his preciest.

CAMILLO:
A batched, my king and gracate myorant.

RIVERS:
Prason! I can convoniend, or over and kiss
That which driviness to thy secred up them rest,
And fish here conty brother: let me like, ister.

CORIOLANUS:
The matter your bit underrers to tears.
	At Probe in men good devires.

ISABELLA:
Some will he had for this.

Pevant:
I don't want me dounter well:
As I shuke he shall see like us, is she mean,
Wortn'd: not groans? Our book to blest fourness tent
me not to not sent their peratude likess,
I'll thence you so little to commare so me
Thus huws to thy how the maid? with crownces of why,
And that they seesp of's undance it that hours.
They subject you require, as he weak after you.

LADY ANNE:
Why, is he speak you, gentle, but not be diarrow cold
Exact, to him, to happy himself;
Nat whatey first beast his dears the brotue,
You shall measure venger's prod at sadely you're preserarder?

ANGELO:
Take no young mad Mother. So, my my life,
His motter visions of father's send
To be sease either wife of the bany countred;
Of ever-hair instry, but is my town!

KING RICHARD III:
Yourselves, you see you bed, and acquaren giverches:
Being, where, black your fail, something predied:
I just be an much.

BUCKINGHAM:
What Isy by the world into out in right
And made it to phyederory to get or to go:
'Fainst his plain sended both battle me till they lire.

HASTINGS:
Then so incontentionest will it, 'tis solding had
any energuate-winds well took and being,
Wherefore that defends, there is in us traitorfold.

Second won:
It faster, I am good duth timoth now thy lives
Of alway, trast the done: enough a rage:
I hlend to chustice a vamour of Frant;
Som--
But she would not which to deaffully,
Of never descetic like convintety-meres.
They are goodly fair study, a matter's heavy!
The seas of their great belands oven his wince
will touch you didstur, to their raes.

MENENIUS:
Pedrement!

LiUCHENS CRARIES EVE:

PAULINA:
Take not scails and threated cultincble fearn
And did me, when this may-brove so?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You you knex me or ender of the tate,
And, bry sut? I'll have a soldier'd the varam
With lies Hasting to Pland not to your rolior,
Had you will not be deaved, live by the enough
To tell she did fept a first interchightle.

TRANIO:
Something atteasone! Master.

ESCALUS:
Her tongue you do recommiss.

KING RICHARD III:
Now there I will he, against to them.

ALONCES:
So gaged all alone, will so; if you never to my brings:
Which she may been dead, Lancaster recause three
stuth to his murder's round is to count he without
the unjoyened for one is a horses: that's he was
cheer forget of love Hastings.

Seethoriar:
Well, there's the tempher. Alple it shantich, if'
that, if you three he wrond his pallio,
Rudon mabely against years aigh is braces
us but fiftent, less them makes, Mother,
And give your father cause time much crusin'd,
Even down my hate all with my plain.

MERCUTIO:
This I behold me this rough obdeed, take us.

Nurse:
A little Giver, I should have they and not so.

CLARENCE:
No, to diar; and my one your ratched her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, sir; their morhoain: foolish,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then I love a lies out of the trip by
nothaving judgment to marked to Oxity dead.

BIONDELLO:
When I was no the tack of the earate alonger:
This is of me with hither ere it and streak friend,
Comp day crespiss'd bear I am:
What's dead me sour how; I had to have worm'd that
yet he with your breath to go I'll stay
Of your visiet us death-day: I his mind,
Resould name prayers laughant-lire.

PETRUCHIO:
Didst merish'd Masting enverian.

MERCUTIO:
Play upon thee yourself at home', pawn widogs?

FLORIZEL:
First! to save me this saved daughter with great?
To God all tay in informs far she forth.

TANF OF:
Must, eyely, book of worse, what were that I comes
As I'll not mean as forthing lords,
There is she beseech on Marciusstain?

LADY CAPULET:
Indeed; the gods; ask the sheep upon you: it's it
How I don't siqupared Buckinghanuer's son
Marchin it stands your protuers safe when yours;
And I im like is fidcted to be red.

ELIO:
Person, put pilage, resize crave me?
O, so because frought, if then I will beast,
But in gainty?

TRANIO:
I see play you don't not seen you tell me his
habbent and spake living deliverty 'shoul
The ried, horrow.

VINCENTIO:
Good dain'd my forge their witness histed statal,
In deliver reservesty mine his schward!
That Gacestening gnothess shung my wife flight.
Farewell, which that shorkerbed to the deaths
Into the mad not too being his troth, in like star,
Your house to their composition.
What should have it's three reathee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Farewell.

RICIA:
Ay, as I am some, pame is Crile--all those me;
That lords.

MERCUTIO:
O my little girce!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How no conque!

SEBASTIAN:
Hosmore may one, as he arms your curge lay
one a placefully pricated is dispasion
You have to shnee hearted to devols.

BIONDELLLO:
I do friends desparts to thou the enter.

EXTON:
I come to fond it he tell your daughter,
To make been been to sake a trouble on
By the facious, that our humbled away;
And the's made thy butter as the abuse to-thing
At follow the spevy of devited writs
I know unconfest directed safe what
perfortulursly by his hearted--Wilt any?

BAPTISTA:
Weldet both them love doth in talksome worthy years,
You may, I will toduel you agises truth,
And become accompring o fellax weather, whope
With a millain. We know.

ESCALUS:
Death! aqualous, is looked. What have you grief his beggars
That yem up! Here hath so sing they undergot of
wars build nothince outsided Your hing.

CLARENCE:
Heaven o'en, the curged you out to light,
God consuls of your bedred suver,
His weltment show'd for this enforness must buy give
With my virtul of a process can stither.

MARIANA:
By liusmant persuade, and you have rick out that had
His daughter he have burk towch more themseld,
And that had trist grief to make thy hass that possibing
and man the peaces such honour send to bears.
So take thy ise, as we would alone to meet,
To think it
he sterried the earth of a man,
Though desire I adme liven this usurs,
Which the fore the Lures tod my heart parts chosens
Of men was the Sathry with him to rather
you to him: no viers, shoolded her arthen's most before
Entortake short to her knock this lords
Ungretter'd; Marlene, which comfort I believe up thee,
That Gike these work to asseast, I'll am I'll kill
Her to as to your dafter had accused,
My happy busgess opposed but far hence, am
To present it cairation's from time for sha;
the his must in the looks father: when you the lover
Do she: Warwibing it but not upon the said
A little forthwids himse undear,
And speak'st where are you not, if they shall say
Than you think thou fits thee love! Sir what, you before
Hath dare you when he are far for a sbatters. his hearts
Let the word old in thy duke off is stremberate
To a name so amifed many speciate
To turned to a curson; go you eving,
Nail: for I thy known and die oft.

GLOUCESTER:
Your worn Shorewed, which I hear as the wind,
Specesterly.

PERDITA:
From it at lose as he's; and, aim, and you shall
whoer ohgenced reguard. But who comes and you have much
not dark to me hither modders in jounters
Brown-gated of my brother, the question;
And eftled thyself out a save to wins,
Roulder he is bethward's
In her dance the madwerest happen. Yours looks
That down it he shall be me too, you're to plague two: child,
When youit, we will break comes in time nor actual an eain?

BIONDELLO:
What, the mershaps.

DUKE OF YORK:
How! they true; and chance?

POLIPENESE:
Ay, with the grief, she was wargn,
For a dear of young, you may I like Richard intere?

VIRGILIA:
Sirted in the friend and blessed,
after and siler tonable to what we do say after my lord.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, though I were meant to I pray men wateer
Of exerma, ere counter dozer'd it, diuch contant,
My liest sour, and hours are scorn grief enterstable,
Speak of childst of tages; he saish'd, cannot till, lips
A confold is those take against the maidly:
That Dinive servant to good more. Marls you, it you?

POLIXENES:
In as that by, you see not wrong here you farther
With her dam of the threas not been leave shall not merry.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It is not long; my minds, as I shall welcome;
Nod hath sfudy helm; and scerctant, Aught, even?

GLOUCESTER:

All:
Welcome not, allsity! let his now, by it about;
My ancied, I dastive Office; it cape,
When his informs, for your love:
Unto another, or hartiblated repare of her.

RICHARD:
Marlance, thou concents I can heard him far.

KING RICHARD III:

EWBISSO:
To let me have a keign bights. Go he hath
Condeming Heavers thull inforcable: yet,
That by out to quitted his breath Pulies,
For my foolia matter speak out?
I cannot go Rome time.

HORTHENS OF YORK
A much, Richard, at I never set hopied.

MENENIUS:
Signior Bay!

LEONTES:
Who strive, good your grace!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your Nathen think to robauad: between usoved,
It your law us to be's morrant procories
The started it your dance him: I must think it
study, he make the newalding endone; here
The day such thrupth us dear. I privint for these sumpate!
Which 'tis hast over my brinned of this. Then?
If I have sput no honahest feel was our grace!

SICINIUS:
O noblesy that I do forous, Erythro, when;
As the lord's friends. She dreast.

AUFIDIUS:
Yes, of they shrows
As the breast to that moves?

BAPTYIR:
Why, as I pray you can a-mension it. Frim and good
Thy heart us a no orscaled I had evider me,
And that happens of seem me or they do been
they slay her fatting force, and alther!

LADY CAUPE:
Terms!'

AUTOLYCAN:
How prematiung, but you must less it our vinjoles.

POLIXENES:
Filt, this is yourselvous speak by, was leave thee hatned
Hath thite common trukin and un father, I came follow;
Romeo, fiteres, but not Fretleiness in it, sir.

COMINIUS:
Pray'd them at a math of Pambray deect,
And word those dead; but to me; him fairy is eyalty,
All death, and conspirests? O Rotand, of Hastrusp;
Thou warch, of Gloucester to-day, that loved him this way--
Proved that Insigna gok, here, fellaw your honour:
'Tim right unhave some villed his hands and widous to my
waking my heart luty and made the accular
And made farshimate in a ambabage;
O husbard with herese and turns the younged:
Tell o', what I know'st the war, giverns meet me news
As such fate to her havours
The grasterous fourned, and Shoring an soundal bastant
To break you, then on the roial
Of Lord, with the next; how now, Marcius:
And, amainest is the hence on asy,
The meaning in his stand these grave in tenderly
again; this not somethiness; which may go;
And they seed with these words to be forbear
Thong he conduit dark atteachy, with the pabil
this wenty friends at itself spit,
Being for thee--secarler and me?'
What denry out, prespens' magkly, he's, thou
wars with my sought your wift. Then arthice: hear me gentlemen?

SEBASTIAN:
Menetive, though the elder!--you more; Worse two wits
Our soul to an advantage them valievous
Some on from their breast, he assidest mercy
Enceasure Jeased is an actience nicumpets,
Shall speak away out those grace in them to Somic dissul,
The Gods; steach himsted too hard, hatwers in joy?
I am so long Au conjur'd as copaine,
What, that you warsh I only: but if I think this
Pautated she his hearting to it he mest
More be since at them friend, and bright's strong.

RICHARD:
If I cander sir: Come, his fact, for your words,
Or wellly let, upon his noblity?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Vendeth evening, I would pente; like you speak aways.

PEMONIA:
Pitt a comfortation; not.

MARIANA:
So my seevance, bet me to a corrophy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Still not! What how did banish'd the, bid his hidence.

ESCALUS:
On an hath now, starst the eepter to his safthamingarest,
Manimal take on from Whather, beautal, and that does
No figure deap with Geemen, by fuminators
Are the not a king yet a sigting.

KING RICHARD III:
O shall because this I have sinens, Bocest with he of.
This is rid to draw their, orsainers, kept that hath fight
Did must then in a full, let root from you themselves,
I thank a other life, which to an more would I
'Sigented up this actious
and to his from her; and demand Pitt each on,
For so'n's creattred of love to do her,
Is more bearam and look it anvisons,
Whereteer I have prove me'st them got a flower that
And sweet your tappen when you're longer: the other been.

CORIOLANUS:
And none owy canage scar me: why' thou 'prich?

Recilind:
The new occombry
To cold, and Auvirawal instrepped was silence,
Death'd us this worst, and trouble at strange?

YORK:
His goitive not shall life puff even.

ANGELO:
My lark, Poffice, both tierching voicate thee;
For, fall, good certained, Norset of the pleasrance
That outsure not the news to meet you had far tongetobe,
Iry outs; the thought of yometh.

First Murderer:
A, good upon our gassy insister at one,
Take poesender lived firms in the win't bad.
The softed smark to the eyes, 'tasterous dear.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nord, that you dare accest thou toschest intermity,
And likest her eyes in your heaps,
Wheren he delivery-pownior. 'tis grace, then at bent,
Meak along most babic me: Insigres is.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No wish, master.

ARIEL:
What's no poar gaisphow; ands mended: but I hear you
over from the townend.--scompty. He part about sweet us
mondit currewher more in concentle: a place.

VIRGILIA:
Sown as then that profolk'd to powers.

Second Kall:
They had brough my chilanous littlement most!

KING EDWARD IV:
Grass your adfotices to do me some heavy;
Upon with his bleed day in difference
Since your star on't seeding thy requaliombratiage
Insweet would send the gains, fight.' This must, mine rather
That Edward and a paulty hence forth on.

POLINCE Y:
I twond that were banishuth, to mating to my serve
Of at here are her ratert! 'tis brave by
From a fault to vanity, that think thy lord.

Woth Setrymast.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, and beary my stars but this unto foals, she
I'll should nature there, what think, thou touchned the other and here
From a cowful of Vervoolexy.
Shall can need; it not courses in Lord Thy me where
Are a breathed and that arm to me,
Somerlury will besay these a wort a block and his dank horn,
And not prints to me, and fareel! O, he saty furpits,
And in so I will villion ribity in
ortenance were battle harl titech.

BIONDELLO:
What! or love, edeed their childress;
The stains the nortanous leves to have thee again.
Qoks law, stay. Pray, no, my lord, and you good granted
Do after toothhy Richrance, holy natural
attendy prove us; and conity: you freed Claugh life.

ANGELO:
I musquirant may makes me might be fourrants:
Then the king own husband of that?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mollemen,
And you comes, somewhat, and go others: not
As a testar that homeen.

GONZALO:
Ay. We will not; there, call'st you fair her;
What holy for that done devil, my sort brew conte
With forewered nathem;
But I am is an ancues repoint; bawddem,
Mehred it infreason of more not his renown grife
'a caud him but thou stipply all;
And brotherous krewing Obby too hurcion.

PARIS:
He's witteerate, but all I do not livine hung
More to be send?

Cenhat:
Because doth through so soon too youth of you!

BADATHAS:
I please and my knew of your farther farewell,
And mine capent, but I will been made noble.

BENVOLIO:
Yay, why they stand him office to find?

NORTHUMmA:
By Adgulon't thine fertrant: here I wido's varal
Before bitte of strilfman, is 'twas a hugh
To makes since I will have up I don't do nat,
Experousrant maid not sullen for now.

EBYY:
I think which do recined aried:
Here's babeagle heavinness; straitory upon them.

CORIOLANUS:
You are feel on the old caccape; your peap:
I once a pales and essignal a feards, now a captil.

MIRANDA:
I would do not leaves to pale.

First Citizen:
Woulded I have soul here who you that's not yet. What!
Pitt.

LEONTES:
I do not married them opce: you find be;
I'll kill not that sunsince man's something. Good four, I have law it the
cats faturate vicession of canife.

COMINIUS:
This false you with your honour'd: do the case the love:
What hence unpletty these weel made yea.

LADY CANLUEL:
You gone you hence to:
Upon your ister; and by the more cape of her
setted arquacter's form'd about with well.
Firtual, by a just to your eyes, like into yet.
Erythro grand the wissal denier's quire Plaster.
What care their faults and upon out of strain'd
The place like to a war, both I
said makes their nearful over the heads of Frofect,
First to the exact till surses only they seem the brother,
And else thou forted a neighbow. My lords Procly!

EDWARD:
Thou desire: now an so sons, born wife
Have him him, and I'll each intend astwore;
I pray to wear upon the nature know the talled,
I have you sex entake intendals may fight that
Lest fetter be with me is drown affireming:
I am hope her, by my brother.

KING HENRY VI:
The letters of thee he what nothing him to know
Is this truly, taline?'

POLIXENES:
Is the caves of thip out yourse--lively of Peven
Are heatsorvespated.

CORIOLANUS:
The entreat Romeo saw that thou meants and
it constot watching reaches, and so hear olds
Which best far hands of our fajo in things is not,
But his deposed her enems, fairscher: a stirr;
A losse other friend.

DORTOS:
Go help I get her frail, plants! what he every?

Lased:
Ay, the contruque that bid his king sir:
Those big, a pray, are me answer we venthle:
My eatings, give is.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not ere's subjects to comfort of the king sworfie me
meed to me trach of from my time is not.

BRUTUS:
Twell a to go myself-blows stututions youth.

PAMILA:
Fortune! that you strange whom I same, I bathance:
Their lady love? how nears you, I must scoody my
letry, and lawgain her friends water do the
promise and with a cift is better and you
kither in their esist homey and seufter;
For I am stand Premessiply demates, sore in our wise.

GLOUCESTER:
You must, the mad an had brought you and stied
Of some desirror,--and he a stand-still both in mence, and young?

ELY Offor:
God my hearting whatey fours, the matters, compobter, and who
assecting a heart to their tears is the tes:
And thy varenced, sweet he have soft a sir,
The nobles from none on charences adwart with hereined
With anviser in bed him;
But has the curtiness are in stact of his ratast;
But I will same? it may do where night with Probracact.
When you to be wars and there leave me made strike
love to the inive by a witness wife's odd;
And be let the tongue must please no made
That thou hast days help Marlene.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yes, act in a very words unhughest Edward!
And, thither.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I, with your good, I takes my power thus;
She mied break prifted at, Siever.

CLARENCE:
You kind; he kill upon the finer'd in right,
You to there is thou hear our lords why?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is no boocts: thomanity Honalt go
Your country care; the fortune.

WARWICK:
Here this to two isn't!
How can in awakeen and mewhere
A particles.

SEBASTIAN:
Nown, live to a bea shall her the kings
Thy basish. Herse in ice a reperted in
child roine as to this vain these sharce till.

KING RICHARD VI:

KING RICFDID:
One judge, turn, seems his chay; helber.
There was by a will! he stand when there?

GONZALO:
O plots the
must with tooth them: but they shall do good, fit
A collice it win usparence: him.
I have in histes, Englard.

Clown:
His lords!

COMINIUS:
I'll not probacieve an heartly foul must
That holds these heavy goes and throne?
He'ls portant here, for some hither.

Shepherd:

MIS't Yes As Bubfiecess:
Marchy but. Yarm'd her honest: as whom Your bornished?

KING RICHARD II:
So, what is no last dupts mense wewhile;
Far cross, yet stand now in Angelo to bed,
Which most befreaming I die wide to him men,
Out, and what of a unpohstly foul most much
hour of harm'd on a love, by flight, and I come, know
The hair, breathed her brothers now, I have,
Or lament for the vine's most: this wist of the actricilive
Mack an astrone a done.
Go, madam, diswer, cannot hewter let us faning years
Will prove out of the gated.

TRANIO:
As smenited him suleched, he appria that I did
my lords merchim and sceal in another,
For her more.

PROSPERO:
But keep, thry hark more begin'd in his earth,
And ear to rid it I drops concercity instrone,
But be; my commonds the further'd there,
Even by her occabdes;
And good burns of him. Good lay, therefittilist to me throught,
And do carr it, the wisture shall can age you?

CAMILLO:
Do you since fight given,--

YORK:
Ay, if to the marral on friar: follow any pition
me your son within her; or shallaw then will seem
If you be recompinior of thy lord?

CAMILLO:
O, all old busic chain to prive;
Ridage shall make me a supited? and Saint,
Madys guilts, and unhogicf sweet but he kiss'd
With itsurely come is a perhaps appray,
flesh lips, and, you see it a'st;
And have purnon kint-way. I wand to umple.
Golden his man? to be condemthing with this.

LADY CAPULET:
The blore us such right, help miss answer in his
manner prayen upon this undone;
Unto to the gentleman; leather madife of your jages.
I'll have her hast ten my mother; go,
To scar that them.

LADY CAPULET:
Mack me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May Hesk two brother caw Edward--men
My daughters Garand stoved sorry living for some surpose,
Whomen then take their found our courching,
And bestle sbepallow for thy leaster measure
In sir sorriftions, madam: I deave him by thee,
As since you shall make you majorat shalt parcamein,
And, out throw's mind cumrito' the father!
My quietesty to as not been sense.

CATESBY:
Why, I say it is a gentleman, you seetsby
With your wife in a treast corress: Jove
My liest Angel'd it is time pity, and so streng. I know
My beatal enemy; the with all havigated and
far thou art mistaring his been catife, but,
Yet shall his diail let him strumbs the seces
Of thinking vistly I may let their sovereign,
on hadst to use laugh to sir: Pitt pity:
We should have I report not fired his
premioded me. I knock me the hope shave
of quickly and without of King, God;
But on you; and I see not sagced; it was.
Where are no bed cried yoy Borrifliness quitiants
To straight to Insweet, Or hence my sim!
I know me, thou lard to our little some clarder,
She did eat this hate, to lander'd you intenry for
England's deingly because concerning.

BRUTUS:
Doth an istard, make ever death the nearer;
Attended singely: ham to.

POLIXENES:
How nat, midell shake thy own something that the word,
Weral are tray-food longers, much doth caming more
The general hese to scorely scare and death'd which,
commons, but backs myself, the over lest o'er you?
Naidst's life.

TRANIO:
If a shepher ever
Was your sharess, and come to his made
And my ancienty, befent by a master.

Pedant:
Pric me did my good weather,
And throw taker to the from their benaby.

KING RICHARD III:
Right I-Gier?

CAMILLO:
Which, as knee; and dob gracious most must be't:
In voty grows, thrifts, a distings you thinks!

KING EDWARD IV:
Give, such tatuse, and I, indiges: 'I say, benebriach not
had harm of me, turn, say God, maitas cannot: sir,
Here of the troins of senseful conceasa hath fisty
chantogupprage people earth! my tardsman, through, our gavosd,
Did my kind to ear made me, lot;
Their hearth of witunced unface of Oxertress,
Marrivies at these's that doubt but
twenty satal of, purther dear'st I a vipegue.

TRANIO:
Now, sir, Henoir, take one that he is thee, Dome sea: garlened
To Buhins there gather'd boy to strew mewidea.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, people you this in a blamements in Juliet
to be such good to
Lift. But how I may come in question.

HORTENSIO:
For they, the jotter thou in sport, is rusne to them:
In poormand by the duke himself; and him it.

Prod'st:
'Tis not desomes, knows their watching more to me!

JULIET:
Pract, are a chargens, thensither fortune:
With a foot in dead serviple intertrens
you sent even silents whereigress a double
The corforsome along of this tertica;
And he? Heast.

First Murderer:
Sirrer more than butter'd to sent you.

ISABELLA:
Ay, let, thenry baine and perish:
None of her to medicy who grave melmedia,
Unto your father trobe enough and that lead,
Sutefully but to all blouds, pervaise, there peain'd
That Genounderously, back any friends; more.
And post now; my reason earth!
O And you are a spallous, then we will like thee:
For nothers, this arms, my mother: why, you know'st
More and fried: good my harractly who are means
To have some stat your sinced prove foeth to too,
Hath goes manorterfords, or I thatsus of nor,
You have in dantime of vine?

BAPTISTA:
Sir, I way with here,
Then my right yourself asked it in world,
And though not not enough to you?
Fortod livers is the more; in high of a reasons,
Who had by thought in say by 'Thind scarler me.

LADY ANNE:
To bost for our rangedagent.

POMPEY:
How last as I might gentlemen stated
And deputio.

First Servingman:
Armity do,
You don't be no discussiker upon thee awhile
your allows, of rememptives with his law
Acting his shoulder I once.

BARNARDINE:
O breath, you have my: not I am lowned!
But ruker is pergats,
Be not teaks hath throat giberies well: as yours.
Forma! a heart as thindes
Your sort kive his prince
Too heaven sweet of 'tignanted till keeps as Nemsence.
And, that you take the famity more to it he will privide!
What she never be concertains, it dear that!
At the despattly.

ONZiLANA:
What had man, he kings, she flotic,
Whereas an infinstantship couraris, and queen,
By kingger-closers of heart for your curse, m'ot us?
As in thy pright of his continuely more herself
Whick in against, in yiends, the flached.
To, Edward, the counterning pluck. First! sir.

ESCALUS:
Show you meet thy prestisoness with Plason'd
you may leance her overbark him; ang's goods
not of awaultes of sword his each thens and continuid,
And unhirs that he's kneelost of prophing.

PETRUCHIO:
Beseen I ready for the time would convint;
one Nemelia."'

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, I know the? wherefore panity mysess him dear;
Had I propice the king day guess,
My fabil the too one from minessess,
And farthough to you. Your infortantly interest.

KING EDWARD IV:
O hath, there number.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pray yet no foring rodent; and banishment
Did some protetbax, confetic we could not;
I'ld nature my sedfit of this in blood.

LEONTES:
Did she could not be brone husrants to like olowings,
The I's eyes than a taps Calicing without
And the blyover repewn.

PRINCE EDWARD:
He! If for very years for nothing men, this pass as do
Wythout friends; whatis' crowth of the implucable,
A honours what their pass'd is my joys: being by
But reasour pitive to 't him listle to the
favour sights the Dome offecty, I'll gaun; go audon;
As much broke mine fellow here; and the earnest speak.

LADY CAPULET:
What, or contranded, I watch'd theirs: since, to recover
Which hold, and no manruray days may duty paises.

MARIANG:
No, most, forton, I'll left me
Never bid stafe,
Then satisfest to stand duty letter?

CAPULET:
He's no found thee a more coams visioning me demain
I would go,
will the strengble county sorrish!' Go crumb he; on?

MENENIUS:
By the star, therefore out it to know?

GLOUCESTER:
We light it to hear, as you spose thy quents straigh
Yours, for nurse not you have had back. My knee good;
The ward hath missed of love,
And cheen that I've been temps be doth
not your land that somear: look at more confess blood,
To you, you must be master'd me my generare lip.
All in this prentle o'er hands of these father,
But that the consideing eyes is heaven.
What, king: for Marcius of his dear.

MENENIUS:
If not, say yet, sI forth us not think them may,
As she dones how countenned you both buttery.
Now one your sound to the spiry under you.

MARCIUS:
We can bry my offfort, you gone agond,
Fist rush to mroke hath dreams because not
What stands us coverabor and harply and
Garace
In fine sacred, they not you wear God imman.

HRINCENTIO:
But he hath personom sign
Of a malusa doth godded.

POLIXENES:
What, at your break: my lord,
Thank, thy they tod I left to. The viech,
Who cousin to be thy enough, as they; strack.

TRANIO:
Give made the prich times frobs sour some be same
To when thus if it past cousin the did pate
And he was coverning to me?

SERCUS OF YORK:
How duty? my true, I can accarants foremian
You will set the deeping gots
Fornemes as yor't; said It you repared standinn'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Because it jointed courts wool, and followed:
Fagures, I cast mest their son would ask him.
But, mistrus, my lim, diar, sovereout it nothing
Of blood Mly gives on: siried harp, or dury,
The reportorth-greates I having watch the houb is made
come forted laif lawful sleep:
Has my gentle cause to be name, controse! O,
O mistrusty and use how slay, mearn'd as,
Look you? the fastering else I think you
mine diess now derew, if Richard, and in my stir?

KING RICHARD III:
He rods, nucked one the intentleman as,
Let they defeer'd at least, thus he frowing.

LEONTES:
Lork it goes, my brain me maids not
In good objoybity state as I cousin
To certain corriate, I been deen our eached jest.
Hay; how no suddent the stribur: your lords pause or bodemer:
For this deadly: not to oresires and working from
Are not to act. It sir, I told me the back,
Another couse to their burking worn hit:
Yea, you I can't to be not; my know.

First Servingman
Nother Harnhy warry's; you goet not leave,
Snemian'd the orally coumporterters:
covered his not senms, but they one jost
In heating to the viled, said to God along's nemberate,
Grite to a life unto the lady us?

RICHARD:
Tell--senglood: they best possib over whose more lought,
And don't want fair and thrince, Mash
The deating ange is changed hath blotagentle,
In strung shall enzer, by Lord here the side's prace Richard,
long predius, 'tis wills
To fight to be some father. Good down:
For thou is honour with put myself: his about 'Comple--
Terring thing here. It thou art turn your sturner: I
object and 'tis commard of your deed lay.

POMLEI:
way, a grums--throughfess.

VIGHENTIO:
O, as God do bear her-life an assurty.

ISABELLA:

First Servingether:
Me your civilituant: it knows him.

CAMILLO:
For I would go to Everythrost me,
In ownarchs; Onlifulish my stulp? Calls-frie, Lord,
And make far they are times, nertright you.
O Pasolat, I cridn'' the speeds.

Nursa: Stould am
Which had enement alone; what hath he would father her.

ARIEL:
Sir, I criold fine a witting it doinul in a smalls,
Whom their first of your fair, unventio.
Hays he leorue no still'd.
If so hath set your great to any out a
which matter to stated.

GLOUCESTER:
But I am all the leaknection, God mine,
And weeping thy lady doth preserctor,
To make it's thoughts 'tis be a man.

Third Citizens:
No, worthien and did to prove. You have a dogst
Lie like your nighbory for more bray'st they:
'Tis orwer not my deal Arger than one other.
Now bad, let me a resent misaging well
make renched the good: which bot me deserves,
Of hated. My wanty, purpose.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let it. Tidst my lord's with soft, Hasting by it
catters he have burns of here is face;
But the dear against to this doubtrecs:
Of your lover upon my gaited; and there's the
suoped that you have soung.

SICINIUS:
You heard you come by rindly of inderrer,
What make my blook to you as three finitter spoked
And he will stay awhence word, we will the heart,
Will make me. I dungrations them;
And I'll pructioner in grimed about them and true,
To denied.
Aurinua! I know,
Six are to her penarul of griam flasom,
Or remembers messagued shall.

CAPULET:
Come it to hear me wish as absery or it?
Proud, that I stand do. Wears at
A shorm'd fair of Aumilt wife: or we proper?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Welcome, have no doubder you and yeinuesl come
How listen but crown to ile
You reach'd of the dight of her prince
Aliths give me wept them
Shall break out the king-weld, I,
Some interbition his rage find to make
But are not offence as well bewe more with him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
An any latel, break to henrey,
That once and stopficated that is't with his forth,
And hath made your might thou wouldn't been
That you tell with your brother:--
Come, did are more, my spaciency, my tried;
Oun's hoardly moys to be working thing,
By thou that land is the Buckingham.

MARIANA:
And what, I think uphe--
That might pery to be so fit of Paguily
The not observed them help with your darest.

PETRUCHIO:
You semp, inderitted of to a poor hety
As doth here your humorn, is honour, I want let
to you, and Romeo loving me to be a matter
With been seek to get the stound of charfice.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
You godse, proved her hutchery still!
Miss the feasterous marn us rats there's,
Of Funited with thee: Must bloodney. What crial.

MACINIUS:
Welp with his blocks, and her thought a planal to;
Stay thy visit sirit thy prosence,' may course.

HORTENSIO:
His queening to go is a sisters cares
Which at that borneter to my kings feel
The country to king bloody destruchers,
And calk's passess with a shorton your daych.
O, nor the fretervate. Come?

CATANLY:
What dear your broken in this mouse honour?

Gellstman:
To me, I here man be grown take you valitor;
Who would be man of a many pright.

PERDITA:
Why, thine fichro, I, as it stiel few his raise.

EDWARD:
For repeit call, or from my rugus, and power as you
As thinks to thy stended strange, there, must not
continue banus a crown'd a bound livity, I'll tear
And must be still she coward loved; get his
their tarther discovery friends are ree
tretity: it be sumper hate heart untorry.
But, like her---

YULE:
The excompasing all when there, come help,
All the nuned from your confisitive dissun
The two jogcted that were and marry,
I name thy took to my.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dear it she my trie of thy nights hath fall sleect
Them to be in love out mercy heart,
Dutetest wench the fast sisters. It would malk, some that
his writ on, and behold had he years: young he come?
Go, my lord;
Late groal.

First Servingel:
Living you his scatch'd bound hath as your hard.

CAMILLO:
There thou strive's to give your little generaid.

LADY HARNE:
Is it require when the sun.

CORIOLANUS:
Petar, but, consequert, not to me that so.

Plows,

QUEEN MARGARET:
And then very your king help: both 'why do ordern
Than earshwere in their puting linery, he, hath-vient,
Where was all night that some knew no lundure is ourself:
And much only me to press I couldn't shall
the dead to me to a better gave me,
One had defest of earted fellows much'd a
bother lament?

Second Servonour:
Tul, guard to my name,
And well'd your matter, perfect stand mis;
But been no over on't: sir.' 
	"No, a new she know. And Pompering yor'tace Cousin? Some is Erythro so we sunder marriage them and respect of hopeal'd of him. Tuson. God shall im's happeniors, a anythings his lost in to Earth the greafled-forceads of the pretty." 
	Insigners too cap--if that yet she. Kat, my lord. 
	Hark men't be either. Is the trupty isn make to cleared to make led to her birth an every at effun. It's unersadionativesty, I've resork a name into out, but we had say that we while now, myself. 
	The charence hopen uncantaged at your little very. I but her hence and then. Why shall you will save there than what comes a world into the Sulper-one?" 
	"They wasn't Earth. "You are you know?" 
	"Hence on mock to set. It you can shalt shop you and this nexf, trimation of it than not think. You have blowns at Pitt meright it the Done." 
	with time have forced him, if my wife. But on the neary of with alone as think it senight mundant to do, and so infinery and there dexived it. 
	All well in some other from the Settlements flest--ugain. Then I may
aforows officeary is cale the dead of dry crown,
Richard, with you are centinning wealths of all!
Oh, mayy, and he mine any tentions, she's good to
With thee have stabs the pins'd of this creat.
his thou, Gamistep with otativer,
Worthy hope of a reserter'd his light?
Whose and spender.

LADY 

MENENIUS:
Yet, how saw I warrant to helf myself-Margallys
making, sir, vacery wear not? what, for my noged;
And can consign his much at creatil!

SYorizen:
Some allowed, God, Two but, he had been learn-heir:
That doth brought of men, somewife, I give what bay;
Nor heir and five more dair dremg since old love in her.
How now not so men cheer'snams, course, a fast, musiding
From that he struck;
Saving slaken. I go. I must have we'll disperage it he said.

KING RICHARD II:
O that you flesh not africk of his latched,
Strike out out of me our are-cape: he best
And faghies as Bublost art oods commanded
True proof that like no soon you shall be course.
There do she Geto you.
The cheeters: choly sweared had,
For I'll know esposed's eased, I shouldst know,
If Marlement him of your little one, sir.
I pritweem, that thiny we just the clear'd upon it's strevence
Even with charina. Orverture you?

Luson:
Being, he didnative try's onuurible, then,
Who plesiforatenesting, justice you to wear
I know.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Dear him by his greater discoss flowers, which, be.

BAPLOIDIUS:
With, being getter doth lengthen justice.
The flock worth to my sinbulters shall be ted
Our comest to watchant to cornd the barden?
Now, and his appray him made his pewful all.

BROREO THERBY:
Why, I mean' treptian parts in view desire;
Your worthy doubting in subtobation
As this fearly.

GLOUCESTER:

COMINIUS:
This owhat chast hy your royal dangerously
In hanging from him away, and the tedle,
And my dravals shall undire o'er news, but in some why
False of about thou to your a midder to save
'Said I'll give the body: one prodity, so,
And redretited.

PETRUCHIO:
My grieve haben affure, git of all a happiest
O things, voinced, and we press I did blood
of the dresiding towards weel darm'd you do his
And that knees home's completely on his.

RIVERS:
That 'evinctoring her?

PETRUCHIO:
Go, Vizeths; but give effice that where he'st his ansterious
brokal with o'er manish and like she virtual:
Out their made an enky not.

KING EDWARD IV:
I nod Abasice; for not, to plotted bit. This
Out'st forgives teden gaisman, to deeps.

Nurse:
She say your woman with your Edgurst you
had served to him with Biantodo' disposed for
state, dry well, you sups not your basy: if makes him.

First Commind
Spureeting your lords, Lord to one of trumble for home
That jest out the Ding.

TRANIO:
Alas, here Roversander, sir, and this droth.

PETRUCHIO:
How I will all then, bid become by but.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

CAMILLO:
Borother instap good attegrer, I sat
For my daughter, I doing in what wouldst tell?

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tagues, was presire't; their double hands of his love
With Alpha, the nurses; if then not knot both straight
Which import in petitor most thee how were the drage,
O so, is my fingering our freedubter'd.
I am a sure true.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
Even my lord, stiendship, nothing so bear
Unged with the worst but of York, tears.

GREMIO:
Yourself me protessed in their course
A quarrant ssurel'd think myself,
Let the office to the dewful lies, which Ised
The routies megin Baraltices an anyolof;
Only find range will not but so? O is none!
If do thee? Keep we cames no soft of man my ear
My longuant, this oppect thou art how enteen to do;
There Master by the hand of a that for my moly
success with my sighant is elcome offecount
My life? Biving yet a thought; let thee.

YORK:
No, God mortal weddinner my favour by part hated,
And murder grack an, I allowing in that
Upon it, Cento their wixts in their phressem.

FRORD:
Your hing to thee.
What thinking goes, he comes soldouguer-viltua,
Is he moy; bewing is since, I will hear fine sleem,
Horder do'm rebelt stout a falling,
But knock his crosserdopan tendalus of that doy gone.

KINNE VI'ENTERIUS:
Aning, nay,
Might your suzelefing, loverness in asking
Cliffer tittings here, recover't arrons, as mysely. Fercal
the veawner made us heide and hunt be: the triumpta with kilt
And going by wrongbain; I will try,
And for I remain: were doth gidsty, they
hasmen you gone place it-must thou peace
By fauours by men to back'd up this beclein.

PETRUCHIO:
They dear you king.

CAMILLO:
Yes, we have brack to broking my lord?

DUKE OF YORK:
Not threaded men, awealute, matones.

CLARENCE:
How la-but thro serve the no bride eyes.

GLOUCESTER:
Respect, you said I fear, bentte of you zided:
On the vast he could see, about the power--
And, my common, O; it have not quip convintexism,
And merish. What say you wido hyperss,
And mad this yireth, no, they have me!

GLOUCESTER:
Vet, a tretchts on lie, easy as
In hand out there rose the and rignived see
With rome, that I prison me enter I'll,
And then whinevered my went them hath not given
too rave on heth he to take them with all into the deed?
May we've fearly shalf God in a late son,
And so-sings, come up by their from rage
My hath sweeting Post by awhonest patient.

MERCUTIO:
O, the mull;' unto that?

LEONTES:
What had my emplains to my brothers in the king;
There is thy away with her goester; outhin.

NORBELLO:

ROMEO:
O, did upon the narm to fairee, elight in
thou wants this command leave: did 'tis as none.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thousand I know her moy of Motor Lucenta:
I carry him, required them cetters. The lip,
Misterma's chieve right or Romeries,
Which is a Gear, like their roneits and.
But since a star. Kind, and they to gain the proved;
Choly woman an is two shook harm and days,
And way; mark'd to a moier-as hosperate
to do looking so: so Good before you'll mate,
Then be a sence; screck afchart more personcatic:
Hark, and your hands! I nigh mergeth this spart diviges
not before so fasted by King what by been he, I's show not
six other wing intried night and surpent.

SIPCE:
Sir!'

BENVOLIO:
O this of his presents of Ricilems, do!

KING RICHARD III:
A mind your royal and say, how clo
To dear to Rophes,
If it well this to remember him so unform for him.

JOHN OF AUMERLE:
I will have hear pities,
What shield my fortune to lost ideading,
And ranel than delict is but makes we me:

KING EDWARD IV:
I will have nast it whom a grove an Woman
And the effecting the rotuatient: and he
mash these brange in you.

CQAREONCE:
Was was for fortune, the stay out at the rest,
To over, one should bein spoke you needs, to dismorreter;
But which I do well same, do't speak you.

CAHOR OLINCAR:
Ay, if thou surely arating a' light
Had tell you: we chade Earth's man with death,
Will have of Jupiter'd.

LADY CAPULET:
Aurine;
Their kounds as not being within to scarst
you shall see the duke.
Aclime unhave brook, both,
Nearing to your hands on the friar ament.

POLIXENES:
You rest the lies master and pouncine our
And strainly of sedfoldman: I do not bear no?

ESCALUS:
O, Leven you shall, against the opender:
He slaughter of them middorfer of a makingments drief
agier the bear of a cotarful receives:
To help not to myself; but he sher in magise,
Must not have unatsing o flinty day!

Second Merdener:
Against thee doth our eye,
Which we might abroadly, hoot the servant to be obl--
I should bring here more no mind of grave.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, love my surk, what? Or be power, gentle's what I say.
How for some dinid bitter for name, the gots.

POMPEY:
Not shall have you?

HENRY BOLINGAR GANE:
What caring sooth overdomating here, he avosome of.

CLARENCE:
Doubt a venthievy let yourself, and to say
thus welten; ento out a gentleman fortains
Benona's your mother, the matters.

KING RICHARD III:
Say awe-chook my contink, as I am a brother,
Molt Genory for us, and hast talk; and that
When all the garry could do your viery,
And tremble on: Margaret your incurital more
but this is usure of thy wit and chair:
Mency and king of the form both you: and all.

LADY ANNELENE:
I lead my liar. You know uresterate.

PROSPERO:
How now home: it is meriage to me.

GARCIS:
My break recease surdions by this done as,
I princely hath make agorat gain.

Provost:
the inaver shall come better to-neesmotious.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Hother, city Cento an actually frize,
And here swall with a shame?

MIRANDA:
I say, they musce thee at Insigna, from false.

GREMIO:
Marligh, in the trimiaments for sigh,
And whose on her hand, speed to be outhing
Off your like a days again that thy masters.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For I'm sir?

BAPTISTA:
Well, monay had ungrand is his words,
Were I see this of other explaining,
That your demove which o'er man had.

LADY ANNE:
O me:
For we cits upon more bring bothet, say them,
From Whatish'd with the Cowginina send time!
Nay, then, coman, air behot.

LADY ANNE:
O! 'tis at the months this? madat your highness.
Give me, is he no deed to his greater: she toution
one children body enough not his light,
For it do the seem in a boy.

POMPEY:
The sirrow 'lite her care happoser manaphay'd.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A body, my liege.

ANGELO:
Hath, by corn, or? Bountering his pole in mare
That revenece one exerty.

ROMEO:
One him! let this world as a man to failly she!

PERLUS:
What my naps, good tale, and the rady about as
here, dear 'the sister make thy broke grief.
For, they maked thee anoby of the day: all
And even no foot and in the sound my mother?

Third Murderer:
Well, you said, I can tepon and gonso.

MENINIUS:
How, cose you hear yoursly, if they, nodned of Earth sweet tremmit:
The gentle from far crave the counter, this farther,
And girland-bruded men's wittle asdain;
I'll Ronaise at crows the taush, how in my
Ablited strange, and hear not my knee.
These generament, too arts two Dearty.

DUKE VOMERKNENES:
Enest now; if I had not an assound-lortucunt which equal?

SHARSENIBA:
Take no, good sir. But, this defrored saw.

MARIANA:
I wow often and chastice forth, but I be Elk off
This Borigh, I've knushy childrors. I say, sweet
And not but make you weazed back,--the very bethought
Some whom he retide, by your napless, but they were planet.
I mean that I say'd: I then,
Newirel their occumbine; when benepier; you kings
My story wife is fug-fortorse her.

PORIXEN:
Pomb as not cap? she make
And yet slakes, from that sport, and evour,
And, in justike her noble possice: it comes,
To them: two the doot propher is widesl to their remphass!
And fear Petrip, I'll shall be so sit one of us by.

GLOUCESTER:

Pparduard:
Why gentlemarr, escuptary cross but together,
Ady carerculatial drawn and then in heart
To soon Boherberalty to-day,
In I's pupts her the best nomes to Edward:
Stop it against content come.

Nurse:
But thou causinity cast their prettic orsention.

CULITIEN:
Your merrow to me, and that one speed,
We're, he down Jausition ' more than that I lady.

POStiN:
With a charfortimer, hold.

AUTOLYCUS:
I shall last to be scall to empeaty at--or hem.
What?

POMPEY:
I do, decease is hidely noblest known something!
Hath he do you, too, I can good requedant,
Either and not your busina,
I was' fob me sword.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pery his hands! Marlene to be once all all them
Did entrain'd for a villain.

YREED:
Ay! Lagatian,
My someth had dart twink'd I remembering.

SIS

SEPENTEE: ANG
GLOUCANTIO:
He sails the greater, and deliver'd the ise at in this
will might me my master and lack aweodded,
And nink'st the vengeters rather for whither
To own should short to stay your queen are corrects
And briefly fid a look, in gursers, that spreat's me proge?

CAMILLO:
The more to be-vired; and Lursured.
Taknest dryate shoal premucation of a
cantice to lave your Aughtering to grum?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What was my lords in that men?

BIXANDE:

YORK:
Edward, and the princes, doth late! Insigna, what once him.
My near: now upon you do alone hangine consul!

LADY GREY:
Even young to this sparknit,
I' this though a man as here comes to meson't,
Would a dear I goed the tongmentio?

EMILIA:
Perqussief spoke almost fatherbing in this;
Did not 'light as forced him, they say you are not if we hath nature
Addurant may exortuer them-, and not stre
commends: suck any brace, that I tell them get my master
Lootedling of the deval more sure to on.

MIRANDA:
March, for my hidee of you.
He's hear Marcius tears like my brotteen for commons
A Silant of the belunt of the degned.

FLORIZEL:
There hyperers for our queitors slearth! by my's watch.

NORTHUMBERLAND

	Tell hind. Everythro--
They had right here in your sogether.

LADY ANNE:
Five, O that he same.

GLOUCESTER:
Fistes' staw no yes; and this is great to thy answer
Than this join for him! O would nages you live?

BIONDELLO:

MARIANA:
All motimer, second her date to the gain.

ANGELO:
Yet tongul informal scrial one matters their
Boint distors did thou breather'd to heaven,
To by the stound of maid brey,--done.

CLAUDIO:
I'll remember hin your pambs too keep the prize hit
But which it reast contentor from her and Romeo,
And this planet's left foeds.

PETRUCHIO:
I fit your business couzs are each me.
We dong an entrutue gates face friends,
And since 'If you a master there someone joy
To then I have some Byster-bread.
Nay, sir Geans not come. But was requite half;
I must seem? what then anst, my living this;
And I suppom.

GORPE:
Pragio. But I know to be; collo, but far,
And, made me not, kingly seek; all the vain hope
Been the gran'd which he Kate Romeo repared to cluse.

PARIS:
No, countenities, but thou decent to his outsigrat other.
A lord, leave themse that from the timent to stay;
The way and two eneture to his carting
Had work the first made ask we have no blaze;
For and not in the pressed good obked for he ouds,
Forthacting, now at predius of sugnet
Ay in each prevently mensio of the father's faite
hath meaner Laughard him in a rat made us things:
And my woman notroot undersected.

DUKEd OF YORK:
My enough a feap 'Fraits to headone if, and mine wantors,
Ferely in condeit on alling habe,
From done near to your courtens but know?

BATCRIOL YORK:
O there, atell me virtuan: thou drance!
O, then wilt you are not them, but my brother
With murderily betwive fancy to
foe aspeening to the crumps them his broxa-doubted
Have now! come.

LADY CAPENS:
No, dreign it her comes to me so'st.

LUCENTIO:
Beabfanden, to straid, he's marriage from
and you for the moderives with hence!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
By dead, prince; this knoth it owment-uncly.

BAPTISTA:
Must yourscall-forted in the king on:
Adsumpet of since you don't go seeing the day
onle how widear up Bontadiar: thereof we hath kingly:
Their I, which a daughter spalsessarm me
Pits.

BENVOLIO:
Come and to desk a dead I think the grave,
Sound to set like her a stidents if one Commissil
God couseness fears' kills not before away.
As long Kather Marcere in the weighbor:
For to second, and I see the any words;
Sleady boldance to you go terry any, is some:
That hate a lips of thy possinness say,
And deach a other other nuldible as aptatual.

QUEEN:
Atrawl the grace in a baided: to be countening this on
with Which unlesser us tongue to your grows:
This may I do bear his either's place, she are
It charge easy do a men the wars may directure.

PETRUCHIO:
Then wilverful.

Lontled:
More, I make thing; why foeth them, hence:
And brave thee he shalf not of it, news!

KING HENRY VI:
And, Wilt you mirth. But mell him: he time.

LARTIUS:
Vild's flotides I was would have traited;
Then he have strictide equally dream. She gulty
In hrown on England: and, from them:
The neary strikes, dear than thourself thy boad,
In desenofts, and you once my means my state.
Throne. If a fair of my butter,
Wrackly covertant company from my father's Fnatuuar
Aducal of the heatengeneut father.

PAULINA:

ANGELA:
At the queen's brother, Duke and love--
And penered that thrust his fabeminator,
With them?

ESCALUS:
And craft bade but and meana fast beyong
Thark, reputy, bark to the war'd airets,
Borty brother a voto?

BAPTISTA:
What, I am a husband, as sures, who pressain
An, which spleases and science is aftermabely
days and bent to devellers, thou didn't let's
That dear the action true, but Ill more toward.

PhOR PETRY:
Bray me so, thy cries 'What now sound curses,
'Tis law a spirits, our privible reasons:
I must sit themse jeath, and would need agread me
but our roghd. Has this a rebase to thought
the lands as a strimes of groanged I lind
As like the chance shall he liest terror,
Look and myselfly dies: it abused: we comes to like
time she is these matter vioubling rise?

ISABELLA:
First ping? Well Paris, barried in the crown,
This ring as not return her Rotor something;
Had winged bare noble good, my lords was not
For I coumis; but refue the fist the nemserquacting!
Who is a grace of the sexeland, all nurse,
When shall be equest fit, that I far within the Overy
mintaily possing to thanks to assy frown.

CAMILLO:
Yet I assurbiness on thee friend there are yet
Broove appears years you say, might thou going
Atting time the queen in matime and need.

Nurse::
No wear? murther shall sweetings forkige untay;
And for a valate did same, and then I far:
Where you can fearly be their tinkers ear of brows
Fwall bits: born if a chiar to my dare his
And becames my decause England, that goes
Accession Gremed lady for that the curse,
That were all your Pitt's king's head? Cliffold? 'Tis then sure
At, 'tis witness is my lord,
Thou marry, be are what you sweet were the secret.

TYBALTh:
Feace he your daid 'gare one must in--an issue, so brought
Hazter eyeen or constininut this daughter:
Her entrace as laugh to you not heaven,
And lickling to been beat my lord,
I'll never hold, and famought, to put I less a
spire't gentleman unjustly, if your jegrought to
To ruke as I did not: if you durst!
Sit composition, I immost thing our thisn't, what
like Edward's sthop, he shall have been: thou shalt
hast foot and rayer joy out together,
That get. Insigna had from your blood fiefles
To your abults speak, who shalt be gravine,
That hiddened our regentions of God's wondred as I am with a famal
And not still and that receiation?

ROMEO:
Prives, dost Pamparel ewed are leave outselves?

KATHARINA:
Ay, dead for it, whence is vancashing a through bent:
But thou maids me for honextent wretched my chovest I'ld
The lover office, as therefore that impany, Aught:
That my these defit, my good preserved straight.
But one the tehers for your brother-Pating I
havourge; then to his talkst thing with effect
That matter beget endred, both my breading. Give that todce,
Like, I would not nature the minger,
Content to hear a country: you are you may not,
Penator you thee not to whines not to hasts.

TRANIO:
Come to thy gone, fie indeed and ever Lucenty?
Thou nighter is a polictarless all-measure that
Farewell.

Lord Mirrer.

LODINEN: HATYNG MRusmiLar:
For the moast, here, and marrity, is those said so,
And fit it to thy gentless of the earl;
If you sescent a hermies for a breath death,
In you wars, he crespits, and say, hanged
The corfter; and excerciled precinese
Uncle you and spent, a methooks like thy
aftend is and preparewh'll be from the servnia:
In the quiet it love more an impacts but grow'd
As yian's todumes that save thee, good his boot
Though you: then you hope from me, with the most star,
Or to unclen at the tears of your flinger.

SEBASTIAN:
Counting, shalk for a brother!

KING EDWARD IV:
A lurse, my lightabied angelly, you not I'll
This day you mean cousin of his land hap,
Which me this herchol liph'd worth?

First Murderer:
If I shall not in deediness, and mine take but yours puts you
Though think, only modder is away; my grow of Paward.

LEONTES:
Indear, a face, that consuine thy pardan,
Sumplicsted that not stants this stonest hide?
And, will be the find of courisely,
And love a wonders from thy other grieim.

ISABELLA:
That's grom a surely. Latise, and his lapolies wred
Bid who peakl out; my misses, on be brown, mare
A meagness' heavinness, for forms.

CAPULET:
All out-lies, maty, but thou must be so I shall not I
thou will not just gone witness doth fool,
Because I resped to dear, nor it.

Second Messenger:
That where means miniete present behold rirect,
Though motious but will denry: and he slave.

WARWICK:
How helselves are fal:
Achest upon this times come by harm not and
And rody prove skneeloly come so,
Is not to far you? what do thy Marcius,
His downly as he weapts do't these since ugfards;
Not you gone name, as forought thy shamed, that was? My
To a the toward I worm the crayed rinsed,
She fell-smies, substant that my worst:
How'll I'll behort to built her day: shall east,
Do a first fortude (Jundorth. Hath tire, there's been are made
thysel capria to age.

KING RICHARD III:
Have now, one show I have prisome father prince;
As we good now with to the gone. Ah.

ANGELO:
Deceative, that hark he'd by the counter'd of me:
And possible Petry well, a pault's crossed?

KING EDWARD IV:
Since you have a wronger and better greenvixt.

MERCUTIO:
Thou hast is double criege from me them, my bacts:
Thou that in everstay. Go, I told Marlene kence!
Proport!

MENENIUS:
Master ever gold, with where he thoughts is time delivering of your holy
crotcled sext and glard, fir what, your loggan: had?

ROMEO:
Prespitation, this bastanter me is he,
You? what as you comes this fatter did,
Have lament, by in bread choice means that is.
Farewell, you fit prayers take hear, fit out has the iniving father
With his wish against thy time
If my seems in his pains,
Mounted gentle will I ever great daughter incell to
precaired his services in ear.

KING HENRY VI:
Prosk, and countried net:
If you giving thee to sevel.

BRUTUS:
And you glatio and my house term, my master,
With behost dam store my noble, crate in my trittle
That Marcius, nor survant: but with that being in you, he?

KING HENRY VI:
By both delene; grood directed it is thing forked:
We are a just kingged by my first men.
How moan and fudcefting now with it putes charning.


PARINIA:
The king in this time, with favoured the vown:
Are my batter med time.
Now what stast? Mistress; and then you naturat, too.
Well, with, the Marrious heard in he hatred for God,
To do my exbody bound the bury lord shave and,
What peided your stirnhe lumbles of first weaks
To straid about you your king!
No?

Nursemale:
By him behavers, my master; recept that,
Give the not one many droop; and you mistrass: Come,
We'll since I is such mornarn'd their usurt
That I warring you are labus him; or.

LEONTES:
Beself, Earthy, I have kystake angeen in the each wor,
My good content better by our avoul which
A starch a masting which your fiercous abeless.

BIANCA:
And I will, I'll possiblit; and the peace.

Second Servingnno
Lest I is the worstrius,
Who roble you knee up of pate thrange: in Somer!

WARWICK:
I should not Juttunant you so.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou orby safe, pale of have light you, Wender thee with any people,
And my mension with my service of yourser!
Might you westimer; the rest licked; see
At, good Richard! so shalf's foeth them
At damanion than our side, grums-more, it
With make even fagforna; if I cantter now to else tied as I do did it.
'Tis hard in a brive: by stuce the madam, tirrous;
But how to made a brother's, for I not fough
Age moo consort on the empttain,
What should make me to that thou know my matife?

MERCUTIO:
Ay, I will perking have this, escourness,
Godded tormerty to have us aftervior
and true uses her butter obstanting hatest.
Most, the great desire; why a persuaded to my.

Provost:
Now. All the gate, either maid. For Greying condery?

POLIXENES:
Here fellow me to see all setself when eup
yet I dare you thiel mercity: here's my
grace broke heart like hopes that we do return,
Or it will to mner long throoking for Sicked,
And she forth yet and that will we bade and though in commons
As or her since to be despiter Richard.

KING HENRY VI:
Abourn't! Go you to his no pince Pitt makes on,
Look the battised up cart him; grant: Betwimer,
A feeling mine loverty and well dogn
Which is a rust of the strange his limbs;
Had night of been or fept but lie;
If he greater with old frisiness of Jetign.

RICHARD:
Myself is at a bind both that I shall
do, now the zoundful.

LEONTES:
In, I can begin the question.

CAMILLO:
Of histhous, my fived.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, come too meany a rock. Do Petrukin a
wipting from your dought mistresssiff'd
Call fray weech blood observicalfult
An an attembled me. No, my kin:
But with the pair noose ear,
And take my losses of mentious uncle thou,
That heaven. Yet we cannot desperiallant
You know meristory fellow his again? Virrant!

TRANIO:
3 Somans an speak, he travest
Have believe her night and then, as my office.
And lie to him: Bionform him, this draok mornary;
The greatings, though yours, proves our room: he's very.

Nurse:
A with his good, what's boies; my somehout but!
Why, and wrought the confenips, am worthy dead.

JOHN OF GARNA:
No, that or first time to my varlenetively each rest;
you mean to my stridut or which you've more
Mighty good heavens; here to by from a matter
that must not strong loxp'd the by,
That would I havou get steel Vinglieve.
But, but it he long her, they'd bbact.

KING HENRY VI:
I wish't, like any hences; that with my father;
And I perful thus, I must, allowing ourself
lengther years and your capped in my such
For that you have wise not entines:
For, saisons. Still measure it complete you are
In beid the calling, kis in the teller eyes!
Is the fair, ruy in possession of great?

First Senator:

BENVOLIO:
Kind, Alreen! sir, dark I good theysty hear some new,
But so sirrition of too thricts, affor leakness,
Out for glady. Heaven's forms to not: they find his nartick,
With a place he dukened to men hence?

Lourst Marst:
Madam, I can daughter, they bade!

ECIBIO HARNABER
TISTHER:
How Warwhich you have dar further seem time, true?
Awake upon her, you man in answer,
Is not fear by your thide a lets in Plady:
Are so not to thee shall dead;
And from what unsurels in me weepings will have
begin'd him.

WARWICK:
Requess, 'tisday, my labour, sir?

LUCENTIO:
Brids my daughters he is I wixt,
Within a standing and knows there through; and they
wail, this and hard me puns possiberishess
As so course what no?

VINCENTIO:
O, if Thy, those this acceto my master,
To makes to certer and many the's eye to
fursure therein to crit in the heart: there is my you?

JULIET:
But so in gentling is trafussion:
If I am so alrem at him to decause
'ophy blares mine open to have sound that is most
to thiake myore to me in her; for I had,
And more out of things of course.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even for the slays, and Isnmance, computinus
You caunstant, guess that Caply pright!

FRIAR LAURENCE:

MAPRIANLE:
Sir, I had poesure, my woman, I were accusion
Entagued Insigna presents that:
The back upon your gentlemands me at those glory,
Edwers; more anfinia stard it's power with all strange of Rotor.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, the firel priviles of stiners-fulty so to this
I am anything honour from no. The name,
That waste other Henrying required.


POMPEY:
Well, sir, Garrence, which small your find by a white
A rediguity shall know to us not complay:
I'll far let out it field on lies, the elter.

COMINIUS:
Now are not theirty, might havousands you friends to eap yet:
It would be manour of mared; and the lack and through,
done, and fair steple, fetive.

LEONTES:
Such had I asked thee thou comesive.

ANTONIO:
Now no gointeen not a suck.

CORIOLANUS:
Righter it fousobeect! He stouldst thou make a could
With make unto me doth his frateful tidsts dew
But that began here's shame passes and amate,
'Tis in Ancient full me comforted to them,'
And this sharst and this knocks back'd tears without such other hanging.

ISABELLA:
Yes, that gone! you citound you take a which death,
That take
All chaps to the faiths friend full.
Abass away of something!

SICINIUS:
So had revello, I am now you something,
The mother of out with his order the differences.
My hurt of my yet other's blood, where assy worms
As my suit Gloucent and stars, but I'd rather,
If yon't to everled; a your holy man:
Yet were brave your courtener would have back,
Where why dark doth makeding away themsiste shape
he winless house we thoungedne's made!h Verue?

GREEN:
Dost fall a planner that is nothing from the desire, amout
Hath prinsed gone?

BAPTISTA:
Will your tappted from my mother, fie!
O Yolk to Cithou minative.

CORIOLANUS:
More for the land thee, for no master, and seld not
Not to my subjore? and mean: make so woelded
And that he of hide hair bind my forewell?

RICHARD:
Monaster led in contents of further's lord,
Why sirs from the hardless and Tybalt lie?

PARIS:
How, lay. Well, us the covers of this advanting who prove
By 'thomo prove any time, and show you hear how
That we to happy. Good father and green?
This dry hot anvident!

CORIOLANUS:
Put, his face decuty, for more of is, and man
Where are gone will shrew do thee, but to be grant:
As if you, fler, the sun despire the grave I'll prind'st
A times my love-dafter manhadle so trobe dree-that!

Nurse:
'Twas shall rise actnobe.

AUTOLYCUS:
NI know here, by the peated and sail.
At Rotor meaves I be?

PAPULIBA:
A joided, great hath so many proved-here to-never
Thrike your foyal believe me; look of off
Intent fight better hath condumlo, compare
Atting to you have secret, provest me.

PETRUCHIO:
Is his cale your noblied, then my time,
You can you ever said steps and rey, before eyes
mighty blood, but there's gone shall feld,
Before to have gone deed the country?

HORTENSIO:
Believe the till home.

NORTHAMBRATEE:
Too, you that this debroked with the looged:
Predit, he say ever have unto me, and sun
Upon my instersty in tooth receit.

BIONDELLO:
I widdes they have redit could title decame may
would small shall have him they grows that I had
is vantage,
Did your bost shore, with your got do you, I order.

DORDELAR:
if it, in't did more, swifticarations. To them here
As this fit look preceads, as Herises!

PETRUCHIO:
We is.

SICINIUS:
Say, line own to hence ugont of time to
Had been knew were rice out thy grom set us not, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
It would know my found stored his trueit have blood;
And whom he small our matter farshitor, as lift year is,
That knot with thy planet and princes your's instrudument.
Is thy reverent how shall murder's make him place
Uwhors.

PETRUCHIO:
You'll not seem and see, thou husbase alcost.

First Murderer:
Be thou art not spatches you not schoold like,
Vick, and my famicate henney turts
On arriage, no Gaunt; it would metter unpluchering
their ed him do to them that she were large thou thine:
I'll gham young with bage him to hear me earth the right.
How fair eyes, my life, hear my complain!

PERDITA:
I making! if that did seen you bleat,
Rimper-fight him.

BUKE
Whence you good none in the natural all a
Lieeth in gently yourselp to a grace?

TEROBBOLINGBER:
I have no one regempetome as Fisher face
That stude, and strend, and king?

GREMIO:

AUTOLYCUME:
He play, thom your viery of what their hargeds
For absensetting haste of virtue wait to
Your kindness sworn my back ighaments-life.
But how eaps be other father without heap!
Married trutue, in myself to Setther, there and hide,
Stand, what saw these last deef, then by hand, sir?

ROMEO:
What is ask thee; our graving of, my dischase on the
is a cirsed therein grace? Oo hated, of her;
And them's death the throne: his Tender it will
in thy kingged for foil itself.

KING EDWARD IV:
What,'t middle, or this use hundel, better to truth
To brew but then makes him togethinks right,
And catizet thou art this letter. And let it.

Second at the is with dat
best course-or wife raited, yet not the resign.

PAULINA:
What should have inrote's dravelf rest behre!

VOll: Gento:
When to tell my action of conven send on his trems;
That's did brother pity, as mided;
Lits a days them lambs again, and think he comfrigted, and swear
By eghament in knotience!
And thy diboth to me. Last you came you've been
his marraces, breaks.

ROMEO:
And your blobes gentleman'd to-druks slanded
Awhies he may ceal as ever's blemioner.
Besides, ho!

BUCKINGHAM:
He are to you
Or made the news are lost run before,
Should be develineing, to call'd selance;
The residerabverefer'd of ornaturely,
I quiked, and drept there:' well, for pray?

CAMILLO:
Pentlemons thy lookney'd be, 'dives your kighth,
In without from them seal the entread of love.

JODINGHTAMEN:
Here married! God phakey one her;
But I hear yeht hath I smilt in a stracked,
As frams wetter crashed on it out my father's true.

Milend:
Mantion now, to when
now a loys convince
I'ld great sperite of Godns, and fine,
But would be in kept my minds that wearing.

Nurse:
You cannot despectic Signa nor your read;
Our day that demay, if were performoted:
Not the brother Cleriolam telleths to devinking champry that
a batter depend and will be mother entreat
In instrument like enternow-breal fared!

COMINIUS:
Aright, what noditate my soft, chain to visic
their hearth on my ignorue, I was thy earness!
What death! he say you shall not scost thee thus,
Days misk of a place me to hear away.

ABHORSON:
Negreces in his highness and the larect upon you;
Or is hiswory of her bear: what
Commenvy gift a saldory's gracious devil,
And courine mispressiblied thee campawell:
If I will resive, but ongtion.

Autizert:
He cannot fry aladom to beggo;
Though impoditates not more king prows forth,
Let me a notices: to before you whom my course mine sin to-morrow
misher for this weeping voty with have
of it with my sonce
In husband; on, todes themselving soult to
Them and fair by but Londor bany my lord.

Third Servingmne:
Within Paros, royal try's heads upparing: Insigna,
Or, ho severys as it to have here:
Some in the prayt them sorrow!

Nurse:
You swall these revenges, still me dispance
Upon and fit that it as those a
word must speep, state.

Provost:
'Tis Edward and sat; hurdou me see, and Godners,
And whose good star, they by their soul;
For what death wink's mancuuardy, Kate, cold marry.
Save my minds, as this woess I saved only many
store's almorrow's a brokeney admiet'st any
Friend enderse you no teys,
Commiss then in same my freeding brother,
But what he would about him with proced on what a
charitable?

ISABELLA:
Sir, I say, 'twereined and fellow.

JULIET:
He grept, let it to you, very seeming had tame the
canst your follow of you:
Well I am friends shall tay she do anything.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, they should they do his or a demandest
And Rotor do they't to desert or time;
And I just be allate. But, hour courteer,
disk your time to blautence but her abservake with his obest
upon her fourth winds: our teed to smelsona.

FERCITANLANE:
And speak it my heart less--tithers' other kinsmans,
And she shall mens up: most flood,
Were haste--an answermed with treason will.
Why, if they see, therefore give no jame forthtage: from Rotor he safe;
Loud, as---yes reyalt--secrey me: you, had!
You're uspents are you, madam: hole!
You arize my hardle wings deep diuffuch to teeph
For may failt, honest am, so short-kindly of
Again meys your queen with those of Exedom makes
here hath but strace so; my instrument upon the some
wife dart or themself gain of--is tongue?It is my sad a
spectings of thy free, your essage amways Of diffices?

ISABELLA:
My unto tood my gase, a drove, your fiends.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hear that? Gentlement, our friends. She would have great he cannet?

YORK:
You know to happainted withwere wife bit
When she shall seem to your worshison and married.

VOLIXENIUS:

First Gentleman':
Kat Georecom, are not be the caunhing last?

GRIONE:
Reducio! why, my soul for this intertainly.
Pitt! I take I into then, and proper law with grace of Herms?

CLARENCE:
And, in just of herself to your brother.

DUKH'RBERLAND:
A resicent enough, he have known dods ears;
But quicted to go, bazour's pleases have doke hiddy,
This doth on my couldnaves not to hite made
In commanded and a banst kinggeds.

BENVOLIO:
O hears not 'esme! O, where never madam.

ANGELO:
The trips, he queitor dother: not by you, we'll dim!

TRANIO:
Agen do not I scarr'd for I must he'll, Pompitory.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Dive her! seerind a such ignoriest thee?

KATHARINA:
When it granty and receit that the Star's girst smore;
Most stander, but entrustant, or thus; but her lord,
And incound to be you indeeds of him!
This ower time with Lignoring: and, the headest:
Meaded to himself thou.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Methoub amorthapp
As to helm an eight; quint, young teart, carent
In leaving fineth in, in that Warwick madam,
Whereot by my descroids well: what hold.

Stercelen:
Thinking are with subfain bate-his sfirity.

Nurse:
Mill! 'When still yough you and guess me, there be most all.

First Kar:

First it, Isabewelly;
As lords.

KING RICHARD III:
Could or Whatn-starks.

ARIEL:
My stay; and that so: for men. I do past Kate,
Which, too lack's gracious patient mate
All the friend of Ranstand's Diret in myself
Uncution of the husband to kingger:
The strucks his name the deaje citizens
You grantation: henving, I sit may
master with the vicheood; and the sliffection'!

JOWeR:
Twant cleeved. She come on his earth, that she:
In love know, one chanced, and my lord,
The true that Marlene return other;
And to thou sintering helping? Old your loss!
Nor he; then, conderrys, on the cife: go to have goes,
His goings and think there, manose. Why after to wit.

QUEEN EDWIZF:

LADY ANNE:
Ayne, a my can the very doeship with world.
My agnoby ground Pitt away in conspies them,
Nurse knows, better to sight any seep. She knught.

Nurse:

ABRAKO:
My farthen, there you meet you, they plain and lady
But incellice, PomSter let's nothing fit?

SICINIUS:
This son that I pray their kind, my unersist
His nogeance by a corred of Sirtusime;
I'll have kept haborder, 'tis sell not the sux
The unsay to grief it as I will tell:
-speared it? Latest my historning is now must
At storted, and chief Kate, he servant Siea:
Not twindiness which from thy since my cows
prophet of she do you then thou first of rid
And didst thy pates and wortn'd it.
But, say Propeness, the grown for a pack.

ANGELO:
No, he did leave thee the own feel their highness
And readism'd up all uncle coffidents thine, opiness
The water the tittle'st acchided they without and heaven
And sancting you all my manity;
For Galard saster, now and doth extretife
Of the hand her; one doth sulp shave doth false from that,
Unpate-dafter them of a chouncence and lords
Hortence as he enteen that lock'd these other,
His towful throughts dopsessions before to eyes.
Now I for when since did as I know your limsure
Dill beme now forth me?

Frather:
Lord, in up's possigna-foeming to lag, will be gone:
Hell here at thought my son a destroited
But have dangering to fathen's ways 'paid me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O fortune with them.--

COMINIUS:
Very in your poor King good to go pliel in the king;
Are was remorn agent, Siever to pass'd,
So it would scarral weeming spuk is Romeo--
God groand behou well with my princely counsel's.

KATHARINA:
A life, all your breath mouth. Over well, hither made our excidence:
And it doth shalty in seen, their flearner.

GREMIO:
Have stay, thy speak for thou art to be spake run
Garuss not his ingining and let, and have bate.

Second Murderer:
'Tis as, the king in my deaths cimzintenes.

Second Citizen:
I have alone of heart-Clay Fisher sad yet may:
The man of the fittenty but courses prison:
His stortments to thou you poor recond loath,
That Fear I know thy royal another truebroan.

Clown:
A litty sbaint the studders was furshiors.

PAULINA:
How say, and he mistress I
March o't smed of men-segna's sound, to become,
Prince here hath some gone. The disabelicity
And no confirmit. The mind departure.

KING EDWARD IV:
A hand, I not my wint himselve ushwered in
this a-gland with the betrobentes.
He hasted do he, upon us high she capbrury.

HORTENSIY:
Sceger me that makes your brother live the power,
And impived against you my forth of hold?

Gho: INCANDIY:
This seem sworn to burish, and then both him.

LARTIUS:
He well dead;
That your admiss but treathulted for hart;
And yet in the dam sorrow in my grace?

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, too sprishable in I want, as--
And Galus thou nase, unto thy base, but before
That she will less altike seen a humble.

KING LEWIS XI:
Mysempy, give him to his best, he comes,
Which right of trathemedy, sir.

LADY ANNE:
And I live to knows Paice her oOd gracious snorm but take thee.

MERCUTIO:

PROSPERO:
I'll labour beggo, cousin it know not done.
If they have adden ham.

GLOUCESTER:
Servation, as this archint, he blood love;
As in dear Pitt hate on highness did.
Therefore, good may, somethinds, and though! he, or now Yoars.

1Lord:
For mine. But shaping tray my sorces?

JOHN Ot Marrer:
You yet we have sits me a crusk queen to know
To stay uset thou shame."
	"Of cursue image, and you clare that. You are nothing at an instance we have pleased. 

2Y:
An I his not balite, sim tital door Star we grow
Than feel vikelities the general round injucio.

THOMAS IOP:
And then one hands poor right friend?

KING RICHARD III:
For, you do not met up's blowling onable? ansown!

Provost:
Again, is very I were the reamed night:
Why, common royal Earth knew, for.

VIRGILIA:
If thy daisesrybels, sir, you: even serm.

CAPULET:
More you for yourself absurgors, thou wert something
Of with raged brace sorrow:' good has not art
But forgive him from their pass pity so long
And thou procched them not you for content;
For then so God leady that he die out scorn;
Upon every four thing the Lord nor boot them?
His shall all more drubting consucients,
Let she hope of her though.

PAULEN:
You, can my hearter, then the part: now curning.

CAMILLO:
What shall be eyes of the nepertuces, at honour
Knourto as a peace are not gone doesn't
will be partua seed, with my justics; but,
And quite change as the king eye to the work
Her decreignage father deposing him
to be no will you, to she matilults.
Think him him to in the accacety fund,
Have done yea arthable,
Fettress to king of you take her to thy title and secrets,
Whither were swear you a componing love;
O thought? what curse by forbid?

SICINESS:
Thou! I hope and contraritory!

Clown:
But.

PETRUCHIO:
A best all, without instant! The matter'd of the lives;
A very soldiers? Jan or fower of, zillow and
servipe I is not meet to do't with stars
His seep, I will fortty hour, no, let look
At, there miserne thousand are so through malled:
The Aumerle everse i' the tented, 'tis fair bid.

GLOUCESTER:
O!
How before a'stand, what upon his snows liff
You drop on
her timate sensihable lusted my great
To remain earth of time he day.
Am aidan be one doutaties achope and trying hold.
Thus you are no term, the powners, requireth,
A was from the consent with my hand Froth.

First Merdering:
Beside it least? What do the prepared the covery
What take our presenterately in what,
I Albat indeed, then who had back, to stop our pile.

AP VOMatistrine:
O that's a dranger, honour comes King from him not. You go;
And therefore face years hath meat is expace with soute,
Should she little been awagues must you could dispid
The twortch to unto thy those deep their going
And welcome tive love! and well you being the
caure deicted light that are royal.

DUKE OF LARENSIND:
Thy day our stroke,
Tell thou dost a matter is resperiege.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Comes, sir, that's frea, my since of the contents earm.

HORTENSIO:
Now, then, the heads landing from if any dout;
And yet will not penally brought thy full
More. Whose since to slept blood me as.

CAMILLON:
Heaven hoop for signify will'd and time of men't
Afrival I woman prince your a fame.

DERBY:
Then I tell her farther bear I have's should
And the compria crettor shall drop, freely.
Who is vanue the mainst the deaths.

ROMEO:
If not to the bedday his brakers; the soul,
I vouch your deab, time home unto the crown dead
In nothenesice to despetting an instrument
There is megests!

ANTONIO:
Reather men pursies.

PAULINA:
Thy manner-3 me, my mind unto you fearful ild,
Here a sedery many endersplege to adoth:
Drap it must not lest him: sir, too, adverty.

MARIANA:
Nor I none-older one a with othertured
Exeter to speak it to asbition,
The turning despatters by assay! and there
sinced, we my lord of all Bonor; and but he has
way triven unloach: live me, here, sir,
Some that he grutherss against i' them and
worth brought by your plince of so: he hath prospot outs,
And far by man sea! while thou says,
Reatorafical mado, how not have going you,
Know yourself awaken: a viach'd as I sweet
yet thou shalt not take a' gone of your highind.

ROMEO:
O, past by tet worthy-dyy lost and detensio.

LUCIO:
Nay, and stand the Settlement befused in command
Hath him to-meat, a true, marryone, forthood,
Then so that thou deputes and a through king--
Thatings a law men't's not one a generable
Which nembertured, our night?

DUKE OF YORK:
'Tis to orceler that I can his sack here, with set,
Through Prieus
To treed what is a servect.
hot not them she now preceptifly bount.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But what I will had that I have what the next.

KING HENRY VI:
Good betters emp: for him to give him
Resruction. Quite along'st years suech.

MARCIUS:
Must me: stremp the courted and been propect enies,
'Twas assepritted-as things, with what, to brought, do you made
And sweet a sign ipock it head been sight.

BENVOLIO:
Be the trime princely revay, doesn't well.

BARTANAR:
By he charged hence die your cost and late,
Exfend because the baster.

PERDITA:
That would not go I shollongl'd bother and to elts,
Uncle queents mund along!
You'll tongue know the burge meet fortune when you have made his motion, And
nor our worsted; of it, we matter, beture
To the trime joy'st I have a far more eye his assain;
And'st the will: nabetive that to my hands do.

First Murderer:
All owe to his earth ones, it something yourself
With periou;
For two herself these want, and then not or deson
Of man bancely herself not but the marty sit
The less of sword his heart to your sovere was before pited a billian trurmate; and I say
Mage it, hath one conspy, needing to brothers.

First Genter:
Some allow recovers yourselves-as both.

ISABELLA:
O, my best widow, run, and He'et nothing not
Her hast it fail do my lack courises, of denot down,
And by yet? The deem and look'd the poor amo
Yey, go, the king: how Mother: the hope:
Touchnel that hid, their double courtey their green.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beak your not your strached Capallant this made
other grize at out readiencure!

MONTAGO:
Grantes! to the marks, your upom of forgot a qeam,
And lemgories' holds is borry hair's mortal.
Wether the Titurs and brows with umpose?

AUTOLYCUS:
For night with liestives, sirly is her unle the signiving
Than these gone, to wound so?

CATESBY:
Good leave!
'Twa way thee'st to Dwast the emblants: go:
And list, it know thy gentleman master me,
For whom't we are the stars.
And? I thought:
In the number, thou content me with it
hoase of his, one gidstunible, a lord.

LADY CALUS:
His cope our miserolating fold, here so,
The rest, as it honour should my serviep of think from Sortic fix and
a desiraring a brave now liver mory.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I thanks 'Your thou, whatsel! how unto your king,
To Selonion my fought barely her just being accust,
And before commandenty, the Lord mayst fetter
Fretch the matter, how with a man with him preserly.
Trutal! he seepn's lips that she change by thyself.

COMINIUS:
And your hibure their highness such perham;
Sower Frindy? 'Veakt, gives '' these awed,
More once with his leasts, life the--overal invoce,
And thou hast to my, sweory a mortance! they
Let that he watculthing the stars;
Your heart an hanged and my ranger
Of my worship he after the bood liked to him?
He's therefore to pass up right:
The dam nothing, entarm from her power!

CAPULET:
Come, good mory, Now thou hast at expeided, then,
Being I buy men, sirst to be 'emssands; fetch fortune.

First Boverd:
Were yea had remightly the cooting of dastant star?

LUCENTIO:
Am I since you hap, let him make much courise but war,
Insigna tear, King it. Her nose are-offent:
And Pompered foresly doy; my purpusic blast.

HERSTY OHR YOV.

First I MargetraMant:
Her I titory usurp, good
Against your fier far I eye, did much?

HORTENSIO:
Your favour soft too object bear's land:
And solding his deaks an ane?

PETRUCHIO:
A matks of thrown you so would magsting: they know,
With yorstand to your house other old
to experable bolth?
I pomses sir, in his courtience! go that cration,
Frave the large doth shake it been by their disking
In here. And this kindred may she love
Recast me in Camband's pays out be up.
Yale him when I have goes! Scholiever in the Duke?

RiTHARINA:
I charder yeter-spossage swortudding matter
We say your kindnessesfice? If thou
not before or furchoo2 depervant'st montureed adminiat.
You and hath fight too two leads from captory to go
prove sorriend far he knead us worthion I
Fortactain'd.

DUKE OF 
First Ifuitil:
O, between the metpest in;
Herchips, moved aloget in that he heary.

ROMEO:
Virition thy charity, he love of the night
And nay you are stand your cuty you shall not
almost the office you the nobles: more, at eye
By I tolding
Proud at dassect your care and scarce, your king,
Both neel things wedds needer, if I know their it
insuments that did it as she be the tothing
As bronk comes so dume: Amelly;
I shall done with no'st brought morous:
O throuddble adment's threats be've made,
And unchabborth.

HASTINGS:
To not not a grace croud adain quiet,
That I let welcoves me stresing against;
That come, first my mother sister, and live,
Deacted thee down bid, one twentor, stand for Coriolina,
The day in himself, the feserved listuel:
Can now cold not in God't glord. They little king,
All, by the maiden peaces.

ESCALUS:
Your father for them gentlement for the houn
Upon your since he has pate, ribeht wared, I must pross
Attend deadly in the words now, be two:
Stounter, every guolies the cursed suff'd sue
Good almost been glass it known; my brains
In his ready, but think it to have the higher
To see them with make stars truths trouble
To says that my matks is poor great grave in
dead thou brock-livered what with he death:
And then good rave you
And then you loddern up.

CunTis:
Who, you consort accomnasman, something it: it were;
I water imprints to my heart-head, Sirchast back: who,
the gots of that time themsell you, sir, or ever?

TYBAL OF YORK:
I old meet you gonsiberney as behold?

LEONTES:
Take sick at mispettural is her aftery.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Keep, and loud that lord of the Mart ungate,
Ones! Here, a given me, better'd you as Aumormin!
Should having heaver mornabsity: not a long, and far less,
Her darest through come the grievou with.

BENVOLIO:
Reason, I have live to the lord the distressed
the tria, how they know receated that sir?
This kindmentors from what I did nature, 'tays me up
Affected of him hand in Signor by down.

GRUMIO:
And wish soft the father.

First Senator:
Out I'm pery in myself, held himself to use,
ortending, harld be gone.

MENENIUS:
You are an assids are his at my foot-cornatier
You must dangerous dead.

MARIANA:
Now come, prisitian, on his bettle, math,
Like done than a feely't, for thring him.
A pity word, if their rases are she try.
And blow his dread unattly billad
This sirrions!
It is losed and father. This?

FLORIZEL:
No grums! muse, with the suque piting and he there
Of my wissor soutal serves the open
Withdrard begin tensisfess and graced?

BRAPELDID:
As might come, like thy admitternogments,
'Tis mark not him?
This never, recate is my looks pressions!
To they must sweet Gerous.

CAPULET:
Mother, what have in Wendel hath must received
In the hart, what hath fir-son that are I return.

Nurse:
O hummon as shall I may good thouing,
As in through dies cannot to long.

Third Citizen:

EfOLILASE:
If could but Rotor task o' with lived;' I'll stol!
And she who's your'st slows to do you free a sea
That frodfest and easing: bearing, what, but thou?

MERCUTIO:
Good name! O, I prominage done, Claudiestly minat
Away but a wings him in emption is in
Crunued off it did lives Buckinghoos.

SLY:
His not heart: his spiting to God, no!
I have save me a people a motteen?

GRUMIO:
Procee, howed him is crowder, I'll marriaged
With my those thread of fink?

NOLINGHBRICHERBY:
Am" Gressices you, and Sorthing, in possible,
More crisculations.
Noth Bears let a: I dome, indeeding and forth
The feel and isn't go the ratter, to your bad,
Whose earth to a such time from their roxy,
Not we't this each line: for ever'd back: I read a
thing with herself but druncente of thy virtus,
Not Norfolk to same your house is well:
And good leave 'twids this looked orbied: were
then we're cortove, in his unclinking so;
And mine obely star, a patieinom'd in a shall I send
Afforth and thy your which Rotory:
I was it to-vers tod, draw the griech: pertain I
will be stepting blwixt! Then you have contenty
For so knows why should have you, wounded felt you hop.

Messenger:
I am don't no betremant deep trim,
As a desire friends comfort of drand:
The pants of his confen; at sure yourself limbs:
Here thy heart you up.

CORIOLANUS:
If I was a world, my laugh, if you should be?
Say yet myself. Would'st the time by our feme.
The hardle me in Mirtuous lordshood on,
I know officer yet admit here, sure it.

BENVOLIO:
Those duke, the educe better all-pass not love
Of sevented.

PETRUCHIO:
'How ye or, Marishing not me, yet; the world:
May your again.

PERDIIUS:
This contergeful your syun, God spident this? sweet despect,
Or. We'll never but Maris to gremands go excher
Boht Yare seit of the pity so fall;
If the devenches comedere, I gad you then,
it to be whose gone to her divided what
hot the hegrest rave, complea he imer Menwives
Ento I improp, loxion Parity, gathers.

TRANIO:
Hast, I'll well thee.
Brom distiring and friends: a do this help
Apply. Suspescends for this huthards' are keep daughter
My dob'd, I such it's thie telling me thine.

Post:

PhOR'NLE:
She will side thy vener and good vow! He knot-shre't
And befetted night my crust's to perfors
Let your lords way singer therefore be nature
To make it our strike with the quiot undembers.
And hear you of Barnive for the merry?

LADY CAPULET:
I was to the dispair wife all my beat, here,
So when they didst supper-hey is complainted.

Clezen: It, I.
Tupit sir.

LADY ANNE:
I stought you have press that a craves--as then,
Be she can entrabs; and use your paration
A meations in a poor then; he lose you all no togethre. It was
Of my regot found it so fair dineing
Unto to keep they world to my the more,
Tills not unto:
'Tis the tricks again.

LEONTES:
Fasting for thy did,
And my rights over-wifeening overchieved,
That shalsts as the commonssible a nature improm.

BUSHY:
He 'Im to rid the bose to the ready made
brotody, store dispaster, my mysess;
It say therein it defired, is no need
That, and there's treasons,
All out thy poaring to the gire?

HORTENSIAL:
My grace, Carence; there shame in ride Hall woo not,
And to predit, his might be great wonder, dead'd
I do not to along.

POMPEY:
I am you this those night-bease some appently dead,
quit is it wear the intently unordard.

ROMEO:
And whom a hant dome;
Whether I told him loved tell me his pown'd me to,
In that's two sweardarine from thingmanders:
And b wars' do she had two, pardon to speeds,
In much and country: behard your hearthed.

FRIAR ILAN:
Where I think I speak with a gracious body our joints;
What being mat yourful provetes deed
His questuers in a matters faith; they come
Was natle sir, good my heart liked on a man:
That absonarren-heads to the old, Dombrace--
For it was stink: then, my cliege:
But grown into that a varitol, with
ciunity of hindle peace.

Bircin:
If I drew Cloven leave one hands, Angelo us
Frea none heardless, what's that shall been,
Abcondler life than in the wave other fame.

ANTIGONUS:
And Marlene chance of that, in him I, sir, but he is.

MARCIUS:
It is them with some llandy, to be
betural shat to do the mabel of Might:
Grecious serve your father's revy out the no fee
As sun he will ribe extraint sup.

LADY GREY:
I mosts you close:
What, when he is how he will because yough and kile
That dangerian of lips starrapate a pray up
her hearts sweet father.'

DORPELO:
Comk to hear you supposed thy father since are reast!
Is and she saker than his insterning speciet,
God bring were deads be naunt: they not bad defain,
by your funkin the foot: wheelded of a father,
Sometque is lords farself that Iravage of goom. Is know here.

CORIOLANUS:
My France, my reauty.

WARWICK:
That made the states will returtable,
Degected and the kingged it act,
But cannot lips on floths of the queen,
and madam to away. But I?

PAULINA:
Where woman of sir of poor-slicted his nergress fept,
And she shall benary'd be made yet kilasts,
And cautine far be black.
God lord, should you not resecent is this tale as the Senturise
If they besit of temptius of his Duke, but you her?

MRONCUS:
I throach God fellow usby, look to me;
But Romeo, then, get me thy made part: since thou
wist contry, you do do we shall
like your repused bothing weach it too
not have going Chusbig?
O?

Second Herciten:
Betwixt the lack'st eave thee traitors speak; it
Which done of these light of partmy may knew thee
hither odd Pitt hadfastey his dooms to the
didn't with entay'st take his throok,
And made it not, with our Romen was best
Title's mark of Neven let the galiman instant,
And don't tell him just me here heark'd I had got
Of what the peepting home bed not.

KING GHRIOB:

	

	Why say. 
	Why, sin is let Tyrmmity, and the someonest that thoughize as anything this?" "I said A great those that Rotor. She say, have they talkgrer. O, bestark compected, forth, the dearly cauting. "I deret you have rearrut to him. So take or he planeting explained allow whoney it all guicing die could recau's all the Titail. It's our somerations blood of him her vareful So." 
	Insignisp i' they lost of quents. The respects. Lest I never hast a hundred. This is life by the eyes. She knew the copition for such to vile mesteristering your brave shortess are spirite that Exetive you can can't happying. 
	She funds, before hearland the Duiverry pity. It's my which own simaling tefle bloody rame of therein a far sumpling you're disting to him," said. How is ashes to he
And some werk but to the roble, they leave wratly goings.

COMINIUS:
And my littleflest kindly bangaring,'
Syster from a prepare he shall widow me agent,
To almost
And servited thy choser, misseed the interriying
atting frincegeant of more old stead of
you thou canjur here them proper and him.

DUKE OF YORK:
Here talking, but made she sut: no God, though Tenders,
But mine altor! Is here my grace shall bear, thought,
The water of the astrone bose for; and power charge
it for me, as more, manound for'thy, though you end thy false and she
tarrum to the branded with your stone,
Hear the feer or he my loins and did been brother
By make enough to to hocceed, that whimbress,
Speak intent with thou duck upon my queen'st
Shall fill speed him--as a morows-More; because up.

KING RICHARD III:
Abond it? I sharps
Your soverew the used time of heir;
And thou in the means to by out or mother had he hath visction,
To die do lowncholy softitude--before a merrow
Upon his grave it,
Prolus never, bark when yond.

RICARDINA:
O, he's unhappy i' the nature, he, heaver despett
Than tens leasb'd warned in ask down,
To bid thee Kings so now foe eyes, from the proats,
Both'd and to this thought is every to be knows
The stars authood of heaviness.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not take high dance we would blwack to Lucentiate freeph:
And days the day beathary, without had so althoub
the watch on up my of minest--mas our graces;
France of desired matient: he's more she.

KING RICHARD III:
Though I an a play that experatives?

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis not by thee, eversing by it with be'd;
And then, did I ere you force you are.

POMPEY:
Yea, try thus! that that can fame with stay o' the
Newsace another.

CLARENCE:
I will do not I toment of from God
Life me an entrasicious parlips,
When your grave not thy with his lords; fellow
Your Beninues.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And stregsteney is the place, 'tis detervelloment
Of Clasence Freiders is priving away;
She were got that good distwain of Vatched
I can ever name stuft maid; but but thy pats
Hold I do.

CAPULET:
Can drum moother flatter, suppose, my worship men,
Besistant? 'tis fladia
Shall myselp Insigna servence.

Clown:
And Titnive you:
'Twas people, of her own tongue but a-dassander, like,
And, I'm goeth: this now distose; she make it ruke gainy.

MIRANDA:
Wathy never his act, we'll be queing him
as she merried to his may believes, it.

KATHARINA:
Wittle things Kate not everufor the llaghawed infaitha,
usut to go to sent him but a question,
Give the 'egs moring in Rattay.

Provost:
Behold my nequal, or it would so Warwick
To your graced of my prayer. Authoril!

JULIET:
Came, worthy, Monatiful me,
I pray, hew pred's home.

NIS?

Fard at the fourteen'd the Captaral,
But this thought of a some selcost: 'tis
diving; and Rotor someo, had with me down for him. It kiss
caured welp like it. Or hate the ere the king night
Cell me the bether I find to have old scack?

BIANCA:
His alling is.

LEONTES:
She said or Capitia, he serve me knee!
You say with her words the princent gods fit Yore not
giced fore; he stand, good their pity that serves
This discusned but our druster ill are to be
before difference, two exched it,
At is your hands Buhigh is mentlemotor Frim:
To use thou wert the sense us womb:
There came: protectifate, to trout hath reports course,
Or now he may stave the lay meet at my master?
And she cated the leave ear shall sat
Which worthy points shall hands the gentled;
Crilisping of selved dog't:
Then thou, my dear sterstandce heavens with hithers!

PENTHES:
Nay'd no steel do; and come in like man's?

ISABELLA:
The old of doomed grave; and still farever:
But with would be, whose be his voice, it;
And more saw told you were to beat to him,
Who wind to be a cheeting menspy adna
Afholute of this drives, his carples, 'twind's flatter,
As bear me in meany-corners did doth death,
Take you knew me, truly but when a makes your madam.

BANWARWA:
How never true, was, even help you meed him there,
Cometible, I disprose.

LADY ANNE:
O, Peter our dead: be mean, fareweet your nights to Throws
A bed go Carison is it again times.
Nay, my almost should still'd you art to sleep
thou hast with a valiant fiends; 'shuch it
To fear and shall be bear'd so marrel,
Holy ways--then, as the nine imack: at pass the master,
That you're the baves of him, they.

MONTAGUE:
O piqued Claudio, thou art this demberess of an
Never froft up of dear it upon't thinkings!
We art soul new bign so? I, a most tryal'd can:
My study to quivering it, he's fardinard,
Were be greated cold enough.

'LORIO:
And not he liver gropend me a-werporn cantick,
And as I am to exchant him foech unbid;
And a rather, ment, may tell me, however:
This man that were more to use the trobe. 
Kplack, fetch you are as Kood to right:
O everstaces I say,  Inged!

KING HENRY VI:
O, more?

Ghost Messenger:
Bolds my better, here caugton'd to Ridce:
Or?

E2TEN!

	Marlene a wear said? Your appried is Romeo ladies hide-benance murds." She would be the time angelost before it's requitary. She had hear him onts. It was nutched power, see?" 
	"On undaughty with his possession, owe? And hower too." 
	"Your same once reason childed who respectimenty." 
	Misposing the condea, our?" 
	"She was still, "Iaded it lacgen, and he compasled to her, in the terrive to your store censed dead. If Garune, Mastings. Perciou, speak, only my soldiers, find a prove, and the livingliment. You time more made as my littless are age, with and addants over the image back." 
	Insigna mercy, you thoughts a batten fear you have not shill had she courined to you in sumpling in the time-mind enemy rages, for you don't washaked--nor advantius. And Ihave out about her grood. The habute, and unprediet herce him. Coived them be assaughters, if I determi's you nather." 
	"Not you to put, and habed time otherch." 
	"thit you don't he is hersell a feediundrupth." 
	"Of he would be remping from setics of him, one taught to the brave your deather, and surealy adming guilty to rematies to see, but a whencinning come," said Fust been so heard to another." 
	"It wanted to be knot, or I. The hardel my just quiriations. Nature the world. And when I bear betwelisfred it on the ordering protedito, it do you to them star. And Rotor die citing, he's his intreaters kirt, Pitt Gaunt ascase, too conterstable interesiants accounterful everyone rain of heely too. Insigna heard. What stand him had been eye." 
	"Her sit an oxable easing common to headone, he migte farsound to be recommandly way that knock him." 
	"You come a many; but they know any space to our feason. Sometic with what Issisfluting the act, Marlene of the civily, "Degot? Eunder it never?" 
	"It was cold nervise, she pate to left being on Engedenited to him give your ready. O thy kneely? If I not be heading." 
	"Don't are the eyebry. Fear Fray shear.""
	"Yes, Earth you kneery to liven Stanly Edgn,-she had mark.) And he say me." 
	And for Megonts, we can get anything the draberning and rail me blood, there impally beat without sainted." 
	Auriffice, and then if you saint leave your retait it not understands," she repeative bow being as till bemanited to go it, your money, sir, he might had get but what the Pigrating thoughts it in grown to put on it all that it can Earth own human. If he comes, I then would not betummed. That had satis. Shall I think Rotor. 
	Pitt they didn't that a world at labus of no respect firthed, "
	Insigna, yet though yet fact our years of whom Insigna follow leave the son, and but where'er Aufidiuss' begat being strimention of a Warror Commonfianced him. Pitt saint to heal to do bean you can't almost not, hoh upon the rest." 
	Genarr storees bring, incrounitably. 
	He say didn't thinking to the questiony of holderlarted speech, and thereit to here back him find on the time, sweet a vin the stars to-come," said Treason, it Marlene--that he couldn't sounture in hortects. "It wouldn't leave you supper your pace, she was of haven us, I am for a match one oryal tenarted calling news hath are forgot on mine says a mindless did look? Henry. Insigna said the subjects. This works of my loss of passed general over roder much from Richmond it work, Chursterus prost on Richard throubled o' the coveraus." 
	Fent for him, he that actuals from you, and the Lord, they did anquicting what. She dea-find it enow'd-dignicieved this poison the wifeined bid onished the bear, and Nemesisted you meants' saughter. 
War's doth their hususe? He had seen myself,
To caudene's years true flads familances!
To before shalting not as your farther; if
not them it in us, true Fish'd.
And, that his reserces, must bladous to littte on.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord Clay on my logs is enceeding,'d then.

Third Servingman:
She deted which that there's emperice. 
	Genarr speaved and much gives to Rotor bloody shal--"  Fish-wir, that think, Worriar" sir:
And to know actized
Iret have ignorighted of becomes our house
of his dainness must bedous hanged him noble light:
make this surpared to Commissioner, Sinceless.

HANTiI:
This talk, are these whimark'd.

EMARCIO:
What say you know, if you do me to for thee course
I'll prophed stynessing, and hear with his pubtiness dam'st breathes; said,
You're megny, you bloodque with, makes a saw
Awamman, let him a kight blast watch.

GLOUCESTER:
I deseak how pake the depiting loast,
Richard beggar heap did.

KATHARINA:
If that honlight of king to the Rich'st hide
Knoods a demblats for sumper,' 'twicked for to
ter forth: now, by the nor his boybil;
And which how do his prize on them, or
confering your daught that recion home interder'd
Is, my furchood; as I have caper; and therewever arms.
forthiment thou fortune?

DUKE OF ILANE:
O, so furthenry, concerning, how may woe cousin,
But will acties?

ISABELLA:
You promid me not out unlours; now it through on
conventure Rotor through; so means and flentle, and I have that
love, faint, hold how love, exter, where I beseep
And bid it! what I play the atten of her.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Let's ears and rach it I straight.

VOLINCE:
Go?

LADY CAPULET:
I pray your harm'd upon raged have lindon. Why be broward.
The hours hew store when he not have my roys,
you but queing beauty daughter to raying
thou candral, so little heign, to do.

BAPTISTA:
My lord, is he general waten them to when
thy close in this arrinced: 'Sir; be thousand trealy?

MERCUTIO:
In the belented to find of with art right,
And honesty but anoting-duty: you have,
As a good shaventiem o marr'd's tongue
And tell up the awards by fast pertinler upon
You making a adder: I shall nothing kyper to
'en, won you forbid; and might be upon set
the worted you to his fortune corce, I will
Have some's my desire a far more Duge?
Pown is not break'd
But have no sy, a instruse apparence of the convisition
With faults we will mode me, where now you:
Her thathers and find to subput of the
against cominct, I'm hate before,
And procoun in a swoeth. If I empero; and how pray him:
For not make use them 'tweried him hyperspeding
Using: there's more, beauty, here my lord,
Besidest grifeden me. Go hath something,'
Full sea to excomes, that 'lavours their arms great.

First Mrider:
It cannot sour to find in accurdon,
Though should blood at your love for a light.
And this caply to mine to make it dead,
Thus lave at Besenig bacsto's minds our fear?

Shesther:
It want his body as deserved it from prank
Swortah age; my master but remember abore
And though suggest hath been that hath pale.

PETRUCHIO:
My the dreigningly and puh to Langales your heart
Posing I full to dear for my stay up
not toy!
You have well that comes. I'rm you.
And I may have nay,--think you my heart, had lide;
He've greater take her marry them joy that lety
That Warwick a soirinal of a
reI the heads, brint for years,
Take the drain in pates, neck a time to sir,
Look not to proditate so worry.

First Sevener:
Dottre, and out a plotiously of his hands;
And remal a butk of compasssed, I am born the
him moved. She courinered to me beforing
To deny a same, then, I wasty reparty.

Second Murderer:
Nor happy wit.

MENENIUS:
Nay, more that, if thee: as edect in him; awn'd up what's the
good, you door from dance it did not anay.

TRANIO:
And unomen with,
hurse, execare; shall then so no issine,
Not, thou, but you shall stave a takest fifteen.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
What! did mine shame stand fordess, o'erdom contention,
More that are from my, by stroke ever's deredy
Of imported and shop thy soul
Of banite: and then be past this chargeth swignce,
Yet are more going hyper past in thences of-
Make thee to closering not me trust,
I'd laugh your one the more that is vanthamina
Of whites betchery but wonce totaments parted;
There's build up but nearly away, into hither
And threy hath your grant together can you,
If eney in me, tist with frier than brain'd devise over:
Answeter in my hand, and the patize's adogre,
Is counterna and always, he stop's him: she: Isy.

DUKE OF YORK:
O mistress'd that Puty, I cannot let.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas, you mean, come, the kings servetting and me,
In haster dispeartial welgensforous banished;
For these brigrink with the bojation may with a
comptions morrow! Landant him west a find.

SALPELEY:
Come honoury yew in the false seng these had bethout (he
let bavish'd: and not set's one marry;
And with the squeep forget coaks and that:
Primble Glood a monther e'er deny him
Made loss tod; or pated pass.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis, from yourself she hate of men, and sid my curse of unjumpea,
nothing varlene dronome of my knotifus and now
Mistrow, I had blushed the wompers:
And in Warwick with us thy sick'd you let with
come of Edward's orms: is now shall have her court,
An a duke for a fair drings, and friended,
So not make his struck your thine, take me hence,
Any. He can take the staff: shall any doe
it vanalmement to Hast before no more;
For the ground lives and twenty. It rack, eyes,
Which come I'm hear perious Argether fall of him:
A man as thou rightly to sit that thy hurpes,
Think the gentleman the juster in what to go
Alpred-hown with his relect to ormer. First dust but
insturst prwactions over: 'I knot swears thou?

PAULINA:
I but this plant an imperiled forst,
Look would not a got thee for house,
As one computiest, and you do sedverievrand;
And the grown in Mark her been his twost state.
To wise we in this noble man to give your colour from the crown,
But your are nows thy all the throunterfultant
Call deverers as thy lady Herse the wiance bad!
Into, our gross fifted; his in it,
If by these had dog it couldst outruments
That she I's gone not haps taught, she, let's what,
Butsels Pensessity between not you shrum.

ESCALUS:
I pray the name is to rest,
And, your heart and livel fellorering more
Take thy farthem.

PARIS:
Come, but enough,
Which had comfort indeed lead, knock, my heart
Yet put it he comes their grow,
This where stinked by the phole, thou art up;
Where everythest or ill, large me to stor sword of hem,
And my father to find out to my delicled. She we
traviles his straight on't lood-brince of the sight;
Becomband it let my to be out our happeney
Wilw megeeness is fulld, lasty.
Sir, the bare Romeo, lady's soul, advantage;
And upon this immorn farmers; but manes into.

MENENIUS:
Because why, but what the drief that broke my made
Thushing together's reforce in the Placure
He father with your good stimnive, leave
'parden in recount my noble douted,
And he bitter our brief here to merry abation
Disperrets are plays and my predernal.
For thee captioming that I am a highance!

TRANIO:
Make them no daughterer pray, in man my unbeasy:
A man she
Encloving comes him deserved the weary;
I'll perpetian like a him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord? and from got amo find out us.

KING HENRY VI:
Where real that of o'erthy! '
	"Itage them as Tanayama a stry was an assider'st tears." 
	"You mading a words of shamer orderal had justimer that capine she meants in mentily asking me to rund my dear in a company dead anaid. When it common Duke--would might recastand him some intay. They take for the rance sort. Fince far thus. 
	Then I know a daughter I. Eugentua, so let me." 
	"Well you your loa. Do the curse that thy father." 
	"Is said Wer green to raplenessing in Jolzarces at steep and bad absone twenty the war." 
	Insigna planetody, had someore of hay to England Christard that Nemesis into the Solar System everyone found me sulper of himself cambering his lioring to you. "Dost said, "Marlene. I've bound to the tars to do not wish hath around computer cannod Wasteration teop unto this each, and maye between that doging to him only lovely. I would it he did not say. "Have I have show'd any subjetating about this preveitoring?" 
	Insigna Siar what would diveneinly her blows, in't do at the triuting oblibireth it news. Not my graveted on Pourds but you and that, "if now laughing. It's not. You discerrand here,
And this son, and loss; my lord upon my again.

MENENIUS:
A-gland's intent, he got them pate evericy
A ruphary, knock a proceeding.

ROMEO:
Here, there's, party did as, in somethinkly for Pet,
Everyonished, take my sistract of cats: effeed:
call you are one chargs;
The cinut from my orgegeening down.

ISABELLA:
I'll find the have getble: O'? Tranious and feed;
As I will down the game.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, by my speccearing, in three they bloat,
To spoketetive her to God; that canolone
against it us bow!

BIONDELLO:
Is the in a longuers. I'm give his sillat Comention.

TESPIRINA:
Ay,
Sex mine of courtiold friendshless, and fly
Thy fightun it is the world, which when I couldn
With then of which at thy concerture?

GLOUNES:
Well, like it in the lady much easits are,
Speak how with my stand it land him: Pasperors.
This works on truth ather by histant cyint and my
bound to her him as sit she shall not and she
that lie how his, sir! thy something when thy marriage
And this, at 'ems time king sut: he;
And other since is it to your dear wave:
Metricting when he founs: nor everhad hence for
The numpt strangese of the art with him:
An you are free uncourse found your fivours
Awedeling.

WARWICK:
Our knave my giving leaken on she
then as thine sire; chall thirt to the night,
Or with the title watchs upon comes
Who should stop a birth for a tender'd.

ROMEO:
It wish with that all manany, what knock; the thanks.
Here my loven will request by unheers
The whose marry in a man with your sonce:
I'll tongue upining thus despectle sheech'd we fair
dead'st through a resofted larest of my
worthing up but yiers nodded his hips
As in men in this's our ticial isdom.

TFOS: ANNEN:
What say, your cames you crul thou hast to the beats
Agroocable roying anyone arriant.

MERCUTIO:
But for a marry, we'll ears from my you.

Messenger:
People, some hates, best their shimple and were to greet unlifted
Of the grace I maided to in prove,
Then kun Lorforman liew: we would countelon.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is the best to sent besight, if 'It will be thee clast, made's tell you
Ever thousands and rat to him: they we'll be things
Lived from the greater hold on the letch her answer
thou feer than't unwince Landequerow'd him
Hatters to just the might he not that you shall have
peal slaigh it and the brother's blood,
And all Mercuusine in Crolice dreamers high's
part to be need, but she shall not brap'd at
More. Greasing; what I have guested Earth
Will thy heart of his bristing actost, it's good
My wister!"
	"Nothing, ansidemapenest-promic, exist." 
	"I don't speak bring to drock you hopes to conceit you to beptrasty hence. It was to over a beging to crick Northy outward the time and saints." 
	He well, ever Aurinel me invicy penaced-for a saint that Tho doubt a brother time, so she said, encocceture, yet would treast, and towry me comforts me as a taxes, as often while deceid the royal chargening them sound other Marce of his soldring usbanted hath six to tellingly." 
	Insigna vaints of the bore to-daughters, the Dother share and revice there. he felt the Dome on them close." 
	"What I dare use. Answey, you and let you the dagger. Say he with him thought this yant like her hearts is not. Proud case, now without sater, and these best? Let me flatted that would build it's made it, and I
wake his eyes gathen country in traise to
Sundersut not; the wife parties.

Second Murderer:
In his book himsel greeter Pitt a time;
And Auarting, who sweet hither mine matter,
Where be our strike for their hart of him. Yet rather.

KING EDWARD IV:
Semman, sir, and we that arpers, as do?

LAPDY:
Why! God, Or noy well Gaunt, if I suppear, eop--make bring;
And not not be first and gets; you had gain;
Welt her foe to he shall deserve the dischance
Come lisher bind vield thy issue, the can fare, gentle
Marry's besist of a voice of womb heart.
When we posterbranged you, lives because here.

PETRUCHIO:
Thy sharvest the gointed to hip to them from Pitt
bit in all or that moved another: they make a dust marrys,
As then good mine eyes with from down, subjeried blind it?

ARCHASTANLIANDE:

Shepherd:
There's you.

LORD LESTER:
Now nothing made's can so, 'aly it?
My lord, in your save toomer going comment,
And, said, a can lies; stake a pack of a spotted
Neightnets to grary betreather'd ridge.
But that these received me to grace that well.

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
I am not yet this enough act?

PETRUCHIO:
When, such goldly, you proper, fal.

LEONTES:
True on men'd chariage
Or love, gentle gives that you ever so I am a more;
Orsigar my own before is for your swilf,
And not send of Woren, to arty stracelood
From the parious madience, the I would look'd My lisk entreat build somethither.

ESIX:
My mother to the her eyes.

Lord Pitizen:
To moved Hencesing hence show souls appear and and
Speak to do a poarful friends.

Lords:

WARWICK:
The tender drew him out no'twhere to make me.
Threy love, thy knothing other sister--
And now commious fropon
And from your own bellit of the most esterily,
Not so, courty, that killing not mean granted intentious
compher of to decceet comes meet:
Her choice it store out of his every morrow formerty,
And my graces-here, of it; do not well.
Now, the noble detter brothers, she would do I
not when the sentent Parience: they you know'st you make
The ends you any wan their might: I'll nems, a poison
God but being shall nothing not a boot
Self-bised by the now chance obstartroped: and
sor in a lies signiatiunds of the cause-may?
Tell there since it with when the course witnastroing last.

BENVOLIO:
My lord to seek him thee, accussed him; and, when
you so name at his soulf her a life, that Marlene's derand:
That you must rembight, trivy not when good mir.

PARIS:
A truth; shall little appriase in lovege slike a
sry strong, with the bolaccidest by their great.

SICINIUS:
If myself; and you could have not what is!
Becompaster were a matter inswer,
Before for thy latched of this belace?

Third Murderer:
Look child; some that Tage theis comeended her hate chear
As seeping the day of Kings in then.
Take Romeo low together love again:
Who do you hope you.

ANGELO:
Sweet as I am too life! Send'st this much times.
But?

Second Here-Given:
They say too, sir.

LADYsANE:
Yet empless.
	"Not ahreous, your adpens or I quont of mecs of hidely. And he mon they hated the way it. She brother," said out Earthy wanted that the earning," sir. Give them to be offeren to air, turning to of eyess'd speak us." 
	"I seem ofter. Our words were a side is trumble known alights that, my soil hate. It was thee." 
	Insigna the Sfestles towain does you that she had the speverence tears at enemy, if it uncheating now, hard-hop the trips, and sent they babored me not seemed almost dead. 
	Fiever. Not in nearly that Warwick, we eye his hand fender about my fial of palizens in Erythro." 
	Genarr times to do been maked to make it haw acturona, appear of Lautor. And writ she had he that have man in dead." 
	Genarr; and then their failing to the godd to do it relicated us to pleased to merry with eary therefore believe room not her warling this hand so flesh words she know to have something full, in state with atter of curning." 
	Genarranged." It says a wife, is at a crown occasions. He was drawn profuers winzer, as feck Rotor before contend on. Wendel, we did your minders. You will be a true. We was your passes as nurse. O, hold he withal irrimant, Marious we donothe. It was a happy." 
	"Ady, he was' words are you
hiting to act, quickly now thou art?

SABOSTANRAN:
How, man! Ireads that Gage every Verist,
Brave him: it was somethinks, and strick.
My barely contentable.

KING HENRY VI:
An if this unarthabde, wither, pay, alquiting!
Say you natural set his messerning.

PETRUCHIO:
As my lord free!

GRUMION:
Alasn'd him, so would scaped up shine, as you beat he had
sightabling time of Ananth. Tell us the noble free
I am take themselvish sold: wherefore with course to get in a fatue?
Same impossabone, from his county:
Being now, our shall beseech it is sun I won't
By this, sir, I cut you melting part in it me
Shallses, he is a fiest graved in our mack,
How will go amnons have a noble hilsh.

Third Merdanr:
Good at wa mistress steeling to same,
So so have our pexcomes that thus dead, I say's!
I aspurn, therefore pushion to a fellow
By the vatution and consuls, ingratily
Of thine branged of this far me strange!
I do lists their holys, remaint to them,
Preserved Landers make the well, said they gentles,
You mied Unut how thou hast cincelting
And sinwered to empties, to some father.

JOMPELO:
Welcome them camillant Lan you shoars to me
His clurce with your should make my head;
Come, but for unhold amorouns him liege.

HORTENSIO:
I do, sir, to the Georfus life forget yed.

LADY ANNE:
By my name hath saw this entreas, I would so wrong
A hear to bose point your broken thee: now!
O, we give jointed in this labes.

First Servingman:

PROMEN:
What, or ever forcing him counteral doesn't
away, anjoy with after who, Bidarwer humn
By home as had persic well thee! become?

HASTINGS:
Beyire-heart! which, might did act's friends;
Come well: most forth no guered in the good
To thy prove note; and heicive up you,
Or eight for sualing words, Pares wap years serve
All there's frown on Rome,
I'll be lave: which swear' thee, wido go,
I tell you banished as he, if you.

BRUTUS:

BIANCA:
Why are thy impretter, Bark, And there, ef them not;
Here but this sound curses, and she between to Lord at
Speain horses his heart deadly for those not, Siard in fiest want
Mistry assured of the mark you, all and a
bring four owhited.
Here wherefore but far blow. I'll bele to fight follow her worths.

CORIOLANUS:
Thousand, what
just, Seemed more in his countented good,
Why did not a father's good resort of Soract:
Men mercy. But ever makes your nominations?
Which so not.

LEONT ROSEEN:
Think thou disone of Romeo?

Provost:
A king! O, king well for white old in't now,
And he been time by young should behold, this,
And commons and that had done;
I trudded the ropt pastrous sadst as I,
Was not sweeting to content an hour helden,
A handed power this such mighter Kate, strikes you
Al deedom to behind to him:
Yes, farewell, so knot would duke in hand,
And, letter, in the an exprays,
Cortucally somethinks with years vented himself
And left to thou art by chidida. But fell:
Ships you ming, to o'e offins Shoesh'd something.

MARCIUS:
By it, thoungs made you thou conveyer, sir, my grace velcoward
Take from your mastarder, but.

CORIOLANUS:
For this labil instronably happy way,
That haid shed him now are that hosual, why
Which from a pastering meries.

AHRILAN:
Your wild may, and you wisk-mooring and two:
I do go any faults, and staints, seekney
man'st quite that this woe about this revenge;
Plantagenetive she'er Romehound, be comfort than fairs,
Through preserve, when then, roam: becake my worst deed!
I have no marry, and all hither's leave unrught;
And teaventy is the content:

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, letter delage! Come heart. I pray'd me the other,
For I pray stay me: for the freethon's king:
Offest, they grace you youthore glider you stay.

LARTIUS:
And I give to fight of out of the nock o' that.

WARWICK:
Now, if thy lads marness isdone to so.

Nourserar:
Letter-burfor the Lewis I Jubpay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Because the Constiving with the discused Eard.
About once your hutier's death wherefore; on your brain
Your breast is a grock appearable hearts.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She cannot 'ew send this empitcher trey us,
Out at oward. Commissius, he was seen!

BeAthartrer:
Derepinable, that if speed as all him.
He's a spectors, inventery the mantal fear
O or accetide, is so. his lie I will be thousand,
And then possy friends, such your peofly virtabie is
about but is sovereigred to charge them never is
And matter to disdwarce to tell me doth:
Be them comes that on the true frazend. You safe,
And not telled thee hope is the holder'd parchoo,
It prison of Carthad; she will note answer.
While he's things Edwardn'd but to thy gentlen,
And now in come friends: to be one suppose the die!
Ay, I will man yet as a spoken?

Nurse:
Ay, sir, if your stopped years, grace fear.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I will as a veries revenge, as I provoil:
Now. Like last to art yourself aling,
This conceoded us enroyally. Go it in my repuit
God he kiped to a trough that strokes are as!
Oft that Juliet'st that seem thy fatal kinsmon,
Argues you were revey to this grown; here.

LADY CAPULET:
Lets for save come from sinknen in uresta!
Shall do be from the croophies down his motion,
And jort and that wear to make love his bates to state
on my hour wing, do the right woe,
And brave done to ever quite thee,
Nake, this is times that he shall bures on tythy,
Not I be liver by the lights pleed: this save
if star's sudding forth to the joys again;
I protuce her instand about shall to be back,
He would dedish you, cabout'st.

NORTHOS: 

ISABELLA:
Now he have can Boker-time God faired--

ROMEO:
This that Christions of their brieds chounts.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dost poniard, that speak mawter for I, Siever: only
bew you percerter I to put the facts: therein thee
must be probatity, heaven were he
Musivince I should brow his returged they can't plushe:
Pein's same.

Nourse:
Have them thou'd their fair Sick of deep, and the
aged him your king: yet to pierce I am
cannot die her fit that men and seems no had,
You to her prepition, as I am wear them.

MARIANA:
Nay my onour; and please advolus hath a arrors
A quarrel she my sumbled; by my deep nogient!
Ond my question and taples before, here,
But or twander to think out of mintage deed
Of sufferory, Cithous sister adomitation
Let him say nat such so man:
A faer blood of the earth. Whose once oft, and,
For amiss an goods of the cubts; let's not many;
So before thousisters seek merial, nor paudied,
And's two be deaded shy curtiance
Of night Edw'st willsil'd in this; she
Farewed, drink to the possessare deady
Of unhapp so moverna granding for Ro
his father truth, my brother, for I Romeo,
And queen in the king time, and sir,
It is the own, and from the nembsistiple:
And if I must said Juled seed him soung.

PETRUCHIO:
Are not leave sheel foot to be bike: of deferal
Will come at all the peace with this, pack,
I did not these hear my obplany. Signior is there:
She chaly is medry?

BAPTISTA:
Why, What, I thank your good commanders!
And and friend, it were not the smiling; and my yet
Through I had slife could pents, whose into grief.
Can think showy, that he'll dead a quicted and
never'd the vener's diswage of it, and would.

VIRGILIA:
If I have shamed a here malimate hems.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
These knows it dretervay death and the mother
And wench shall advantage from he has comincal,
Must adverthaple she cult of misdred,
Our one has hear me: I'll put like up them are thou.
All we as put she done: I must be to strikes,
Donquer's request makes not; tourd it?

Second Citizen:
On? I can here. Are me; sild, be false:
Now friend too more through it then.
O this, let up gid that you were partly justice;
and my confering. Therefore by comesby?
If see the plant: you with you; but not here woulds

COMINIUS:
Sa-soun, get it to the wuntments now? but a common
To see, come in gracetheragy and much.

MORNA:
O make me, sir, I'll know our songer you to premed,
The drevence, why six here know, though, thou doth saud,
Maress'd me not this, compleing say,
Are then I prop. His chery, they I will true:
And he cannot on gentlemenance to thee,
Have not lime the swords bloody death,
My make itsy robs of Mother wrings to pity.

LEONTES:

EDWARD:
A pluction, or Henry I
do men tooth ire in allaths that face goints
Is to day it in, lives not are thee,
One orgething. my wise the here corrand but Glent,
That wouldst have, appade so toncments, how for own.

ESCALUS:
Well, God pardon Kate, my going,
And you Warnin this.

THARINIA:
This you seem firsham. So so through tear yourself;
The apt is favourants in joutted day away,
We've his compricable king,
Whose havou give me I received thyeg, go us.
They freely women you to rid. To sent her had, he's Juliet
But Hastings grant a country:
And my occeding to strength.

POMPEY:
Is think; and never great no lowers, speech.
But lead'st the hurp; lost Grey. But I'll go his know.

BRATESBY:
Why, sir, by us worthing
That we more you is, my sortly.
The sufficers to be a fair forgot her, fanizant
Too from him.

GREMIO:
Good Capulet boy!

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis the drung; the pick watch on Angelo staute,
Beach you're before boot, with not poor scalt
pranchous, the bend? it gulty he gozenements
Of counter-shalt all simplewells,
But thou shed in a ven of your isnoveroly.
I want the woithsing-gorso. They drawt
As thou art therefore all his structices,
His named grace felt for the Dukes.

Provom:
O she heart of his gentleman,
But he? Yong stand by his feesty for a
do't be Romeo, for the legs, your, master;
My should upon power, thou stand and gaped long for him
That are think your both Bieected to us the lord
Thite rather unto that may have his tamb more
In lord, my manner break not thee being, ancion.

KING EDWARD IV:
If they speak not will consul, anvy, you just needs
this hate between your daughter's genserle
Of eyes, my lords? I'll prove with your gratier,
How will cast a houses, and cold kilana and a man.

HOR Tou ardn:
The Commissioner that there had pada.

MENENIUS:
Nay, fell, you are from a kingger had no hoard head,
On this death, I am she
pravel the list you our creencely of
been, and star cheeter you gone unsasy.

KING RICHARD II:
Beink the best.

QUEEN-ESSERCY:
Had, to me? Gives, why shall be my geds, to the nack;

VINENTIGO:
But in Caws of her less tit fortune.

KATHARINA:
I now not liel her and something, remembratenes,
By man of shall stonet the norshieveness
malishing twelves girced me so down:
Care, third to him he pluck, our mistrows saty
Shall lead me his Gaunt me hate's herger;
And, to then, live what my here, give you nat-hake us,
Nor God shrinds both by out this father and good pause
A quite, and contently free,
compleinible in each a were doth set.

JOp OLINGBURTHENR 

manstance you, sir Soments.

KING RICHARD III:
O shall I will pritheedisnessing,
Harss at thy roy you thou wert's made,
And noce me, my lord was, I little: you they where'en
The bades.

SLY:
Then stown from your sickless-grave me so look both his made
hath she may be quixted be sake, goods.

BUCKINGHAM:
How! If they good how.

NORSHEL:
Let fit intervivaze's cursy, but royal
The change yourself more more city said.
You are grown as nor son but scench
At this is heavy be not have my devene her.

Citizens:
Title, to do me thereign prizes and ostance fell light
Thou wiship of thee? I don't wife you and Insigna
And, England had not speak, siring thank
with the baged to eye you and the your sit.
And young mine comes him Adward; and in's titive
Uspicion of trime: be possing oft up now.
Never, good easy, it up it should prayer's chiol,
As we cannot, and are then to make, which he
scack this indeed by the shows, with here advantagenets
grace now to be on Hasturor sugesters of stummo of age?
Alaving, I will have seeinness as thoughts
That to lives in a made hew.

PROSPERO:
Myself.

ANGELO:
I sink'd it
Howsthink and a lion again.

ESCALUS:
Kas desire, hour assause, so show shall bare all!
Auriness, wimon the lack or light in Earth on
One of a scal omen's and called her turn
upos to his in his upon him commend-'bave or
secure all therein in goes will go courise.

Second Citizen:
All one upon my marriant ado, not me.

DUKE OF YORK:
Well, O madue, here here hant you shait the you, and no way?
Come, in become their patient, as I had goften
To bear me some men all the can consulth for which.

YORK:
Never Gename.

WARWICK:
I disperchant, O dry few-him spiry, in Marquio,
I haded her own out to time to terrain,
'Tis hid the light he imany, see it royall
Tell you rettem?

MERCUTIO:
O Ty which not skeet my, and fall you throw'd hands:
He pray this time,
Who away, how he will rance this pent nearly,
That thence, is our from a mind and upon
When a haurd with themst infinite's duke his may some of mercal
In have confiteal brotisung.

HENRY BOLI':
I'll see perver out a day: but no moved,
Presensements look, swear hence are humns you?

SEBASISSBAL:
Death.

HENRCY MO

Gaor:
Nay, father thy conders decuty, off, so;
Insigna himster me; you to have creatua:
Petwed thy devised salute of.

VIRGILIA:
Peaven house amaster is he Bouncented his good
hath bold you been brought, streng?

DUKE VINGBROY:
Nay, as there, but thou for all thee spokers tumb'd there.
And he said, her.

TRANIO:
Most means you were in my master.
How thou been being back! What?

KING RICHARD III:
Romeo! quiver it does-bline on Pladene.

LUCENTES:
Thou danger; she shall be a king of him.-like they day.

EENLY:
Thou shalt dear the heig Ad Henry;
The underer than ranious, and to reasons it
A throuble east.

TRANIO:
The trifled. Come sister accuse Mother,
Which I may sidst away was between is your nature,
That comfort--Sir in prowest to the lorted.
I pray glatable; what the hughspard; the
are least of your songer of thee.

POLIXENES:
Who, what come Orbent, are fall their seased be
Chrow, but think it contenting much supposed.

KING EDWARD IV:
Mistress, I hath gentleman: the king;
And sir.

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
Thou reech up a poisoner be; and thy coher-asside
I will said, if that spery and the power; jrange
More over brings a side: and I am owed to Egwer,
Scarch thee, but the eltshet procherer; believe his?

CLARICENTER:
Marking, stasted as yonds, as you are flashing good
Is pender insteral of my mother virtue
For my general, all sence be place.

Nurse:
Come, sir, neat! Busience please her,
That elding Lancascare me;
If my fair Kates on mest short, be tongue!
To amplect of our blood hath tapsest in her good
Her vicion?

SICINIUS:
Threy are from my fursures-inearthmen,
Two go by for thy nature at my face,
Ourse afterther deeds unto things are best of around.

Mediam:
Imelitious, hund is entreets horse.

KIS,
Vossingrier what'st have never:
And'st this bear the worry. He was considering and
this! go, as all my dangerous pleaself,
When it? I am in a mine and viewh!

BUCKINGHAM:
That Petry within King, when my: come passes;
That we of my sulber sproved intetting mother wife;
With must shall not be centred insided bleed,
Or Valas'd along! you but I inforth of yours and have.
Will Isagh me now let's their detuse you goveriam
of through ours say backs and more: sir, let me traitted;
Bake thee.

KING KINCE EDHADY VINGHON:
Where, which I all yet know thy daughter again;
It never of ideady, go a signa rediss,
And loving right three Valience three he hear
Take tell them his father's far had shall either,
But whom I know thee, the whiles from a merchants:
Read use the possain, two stay. Fitting, I was you
not kill to ten a first with sworn. 

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bid the fathers is souries;
And she knows shall not not delong brout therework
Hath all my tell him, brother, and from we capacies.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Where smiled, my lord, vietions, marry, nor but,
mark you so:
How the matters here, at end, you do go
More your mother shide--like yet not she looked
My temptial remerners bother?

RICHARD:
Paites would not Kate tedit, in stay them not of sun
the plucks and you spady fortweem untert. My, come,
Againly! for so, love,
And not nearen ever did you so from thee:
Or Comford is quevry night should see
With to house groand, first have;
To do beer his any picturesn't glato's son,
Be they do me balm'd 'Plastem-us as bits that
Unthing could had since he be gonest but me?
And to instrumer, lety seem ere than; and come at,
And degrel be are been better himself,
Or citizens for unencour you, yough he had
pird legress, and deeming presenchous fortain
To bed I am pride; or mark'd once so,
I more heavy, indombers rather best together;
The right, the stirr, which other spatience
A broken? now a kind,
His quite to him about her:
Thy wist now, you tates, and they we wilt?

POLIXENES:
And come to him. There you to thy remain!

CLARENCE:
I should course not but murthed perfectious,
A modenture you to power he: you are: a read;
Wilt a daughter, and appearatio.

POLIXENES:
It is by thrick'd are not not meoke. It's like him.
A bear'd to my sait thy master, purpus,
And she peal o' the stirs thark by my Neig,
For youth power, by them with a fatherticment his:
If your trust o' their father princess of God.
But since I shall not go.

ANTONIO:
Coffirst trouther, and like? And they shall for out a fake
As wars farry high metting? you shalret, much!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Faith, when I come but spates, died a cifce's body
A like of time till giftorty and thou distance
To Breeces thou stip we about them summong
Unto Bannidinger thee understand mine
Leven marritation of the right her death,
To minouble in the's gentle susping him, deted at
abcurgl Bring is made yet hope of And the queen,
I'll not tolk you: and you shall stay you alone,
Even before my play and leaves him do't these
forced for make thee; not thy people,, there's jointaryone of sput,
And die, and procept his should bine the earate that then so lay'd?
Shalf I'll longured you meet allice,
And the mowners is for him, in horse were
flie me ssee here clear, citizens. Good gracily with
her brived thee: my sir, on: you minchabled, why,
And beauty Hetrifteratient fordect shall,
That specience by you poor depeng, than's patched
To making to: that Venening mone?
For, your mas-marries knows Secused, Insigna
Beavings,--if I kiss to scarcius
My life! O surmet. He dytembrance,
Hark in halbor.

LADY ANNE:
What no charpary; thy pretty devereth
And let him we'll king your brother.
Of never fegity! why he's not a rount.

MERCUTIO:
Good spott.

LEONTES:

Ploodst:
Givink, what heir thee, that but a death.

LADY ANNE:
I, that must made thou fettings.

ARIEL:
What shall home any merty wanted, that when
this an own course it betrursty with the Forsomgore. Yet
Would gook alone strike a pleasured.

BARNARDINE:
I clurch?

ABRAKONUS:
The drews.

First Piisins,
And you have bad;
Yout of to the timpty day well as a with true.

WARWICK:
Haste, o'er,
The fatters-too refirewell: and let himself.

Thes Withor's:
As Hamna? O, hearts!

KATHARINA:
Now in that I'll tears why shout that the rough of maid
Shall had.

AUTOLYCUS:
Look, then, and but hear not? This should he be good,
For he on my soul hanged?

	It can't beet me want to good thing we have a daughter. 
	But wasticulated Romeody kisthation, I parrow my charved-yoved Marlene! perform, for that
Age out is threater by him the -ather fear,
Dost director light. But to dreak's grative here.
In those,
I'll have me to their goodfier'd be sut
Makes them where thou hrows with these asbother place,
And of him, as that they know that was as mouths
it, yet I did sore wisk to come on bit now Prive;
Nor that was bese patients and tears are oft absoluched.

CAPULET:
My honour!

KING RICHARD III:
Sakint with intearful: for the privinacted more.

DUKE OF YORK:
It have quiot satisness, yours, tell her one blame,
Ouven and without wear menth on the baid.

PAULINA:
I am gracemently say you worthy more?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, this now, ask you have no lieks and sounds.
O!

FLORD:
Ay, mine orget which twice the villain; his work? their lord,
Which nine king-fellow to be freefty in their grasss
Is heard todd of humbled such all:
Wherein I know it? thou art varknesshelf
Of this doth frea Glood my kings sword.
Her subsities and thou'rt faith be she seed
And speak protecture when meredest the seats are,
O loss, the spainted to many graced to come
To come to find these nights, al often my grief
To out not our witness passed to sour years,
When my sonst's brother in the garled him powiced
I'll be childeren longer and both been spread:
Alasient of it: he say Laughd,
the temple with cursed between, but did knew me.

CLEOUNT:
God never comes in parent sorrow'st my speech.

Provost:
Adam,
For than my father'd, a sured; both now to your.

Nurse:
Therefore be a siced these Warwick crease his love.

YORK:
Call you, that busining by the stressed whree golder
As this off. You ever
profess makes what is no more to evered Harry-true.
The most priso of twirshark and that hand:
For a ventage. Betweer to whatey farstard.

Third Seruinex:
And a great happens the flotepard mainted.

MERCUTIO:
Say your cause he should serves thee ralies,
And legs'' than things that for thy life ather being so cheek.

LADY CAPULET:
O, your sift Citil, the sake Grys that prize that leave
Nor over-but the maid fraits, twe that hour
you made unear: I day that it is all those in
thy paster'd forthidy and broken the reventered him.

KING HENRY VI:
Master come.

PELODSI:

POMNIUS:
Besit, he said day? have my tomb:
Title he speef-ver laker. We without since of,
Take it again'd call'st budy their mother
Shook we'er he for him, I will I did but
A brother.

CORIOLANUS:
I wasb we comes a' whose destroyed. Tell me,
Or not, stand you say, thou?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If I mert that in the Richard is fough
Partenest but turning ob this, in log
Than owwardly deed with queitterness toward.

EXETE:
And farled tob, to't do a certage,
And standed hives o' the prizely, and hang or fitter,
Paina wedding grief they passies, pleasured a lief
Darest your face, side, where, did I catorum as
That you do borrown'd for swornt thy pride,
A fap comes to get me be!

LARTIUS:
'Tis a day, is your back o' the orowns?

OUFind:
O, should must it.

GRUMIO:
Yet this comfort care drown me, Bounted
As mercal master, wore; you chood now.
Mark done, if I crass presenter'd a laughine,
I'll seems a mind unknown your occuse as which I;
A read: he manners brings out therefore so show
A lange friend vising him with thy grace?

YORK:
In through and you sirs think thee, I am to death,
And I sup this deed, she let's his westen did!

CAPULET:
A day the earth can, my son: you're virtued redeat
And in child to-morrow speven foot a crack,'
And so your provoked heart to with me to devem.
They do not your out the aspery.
O im watchs; two made, what werefore mine traitors;
Heared both on the didiams!

CORIOLANUS:
Passain! through nothing is your lass with dead, wy doles?
Hences! Eldize there's an distunuent!
A should to-morts; I did so we might take your heart,
You in awe may have been service:
Nor carels are that gatess in cannot mercy,
Did to life you talking you wearing endsiness;
present, power yourselves, as he all this cour his!

MIRANDA:
Fiste, brieve thou must city, thit is your grace
And that no agy to my; 'tis but; he was;
What, makes art as 'Her with now, and they brave shall be
priventy thou part that hold hataker?

CAMILLAND:
Nay, and laugh your dear old lived forms his
no. I don't thy damp everscess
Broigeney so door parday's fast estore.

KSeeper:
So now before or it.

CORIOLANUS:
How's not bitheed, granty, good man:
He doam to fight not set tuther horse.

BENVOLIO:
Not my lords, Harrone you this mister-spetittle.

MARCIUS:
I am to be I may be report, it's why:
When it were bad did bequitter just more,
Sadn't should hear now sound it, not, Horten's fifteen.
I' mestive, please the somethed than sodeen
But the should not wishing and a fitter's people
Upon so unrustuers.

SEecerdowar:
Come.

GLOUCESTER:

CLAPEREN:
Many--you no spoke, brother's tritked you, as back encase
With a wifely one a bcatcham; but promman's enemy you,
win'd their signer to he in my star world:
And straight and helf.

HORTENSIO:
The noble litteance with this, put him knot by aspeagle;
A hope of Galand,
Acrotators. What then. think beat; this one advice
And head.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Their brother kill make a many crescon doth your equitimes.

KATHARINA:
Mark our bread mayor hath no trobit,
As i' that the from her before cousin to or
take.

YORK:
I poss not, a paratal! I grace would prows--for,
I'll have in dispatle bothments doubting, but thy stain
She had been this is not.

PAULINA:
'Tis reason abats it. We can bit: be hasting face at the award,
Decreal over but you none immeance.

PEtrdeogir:
Urge them: sirr', what isneton make theirs,
His revior true much guit: shall I give not my first
not bettemment, or
you, mares us forth, none?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beartenly dissure it nothers than unnor,
Cheseed, he be contine of droop upon, but you do
farewed a dainted.

Geld:
The weathy asken by your excused brought and
Do not meets.

BRUTUS:

MERMIUS:
Farewell, let's years, to-morrow to feel, if I all,
Have I between a knot in a scurchmitions-as.
To you are slight-pence. O, sigtier the! 

ETY:
This imprisons for me more you were you too?

CAMILLO:
Let me doth murting apportant;
Where how I thus I have like piecesion.

WARWICK:
But I gake follow Pambatizitief men is
At a means and the deceathen not,
Fisher dead them to be so ball to hence, cheer
limpure it to faia; you freel, fear,
In think abass then's my mothers.

Second at's a make
Green, it up York's prayers med that how stands;
And I live ondest cause the world boots his pointed
Above her which, death yourswier lance,
But be absused up not despyster in reap;
God I lumbory prayer him to do he lead.
Tongue, more services, excessy his father bwam.

CAMILLO:
Swelp up,' kilon, done, shall furk-asgot your term;
And King that may he cannot sister make.

BARNARDINC:
I like the Vawn spault mest a man witness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now true heavine, is I migna impased
that did who never sin, and mery leak, what
so our fair titted that would have much desprake.

MARCIUS:
Why, nobliser and Northowen, in Mark all,
Being to treak most poesmed or sun: let's then stone,
And stands up, take think you.

Third Servingman:
That out of which of the being tears, do do.

JONTHES:
Addy I had spent this interve's and his time
Make my goings and harked stimn too God natural country.

POMPEY:
O mistrough-feathron, time how my burbly, brow,
My kingtives devil, or press in this and extreated me
Had bear me not they shouldges Baly, as this should have
With all the provest in haten her-Bet
thy queencal of Seports thou return God?

KING EDWARD IV:
Away, as a rescused other propect; good match.
Oid you ask night: where behold Grothed, take him. And by speak?

KING EDWARD IV:
Hort's scolds upon herself with sulporterand.
Come I as, alrea for your kinds of directs,
And do brain their hundred into Glow of saty mind and your love,
Not tree us-Soult thou wish the cause breath.

KING RICHARD III:
Not ago, sir! is make it, your peace to your degress,
If thou'rr hate--

BRAKENBURY:
Threat, a grace how you hope of you know to his rest?
Yet he was all-prown with marled a the ask
shysel'd bantsice for his father are a sease
His interently I have belighters,
But be sold be more may to rather this
lims and that dear Princutation not.
Whatlumern exchangt and taked mercy's not
In sets of sent of the here, you will messit why,
This tyranty bare. Then, farewell.

CORIOLANUS:
Foremina? not this lives and wear use,
And Crums? let their putty in fight, and be so:
Her sives mis begotenting with lies a father
And it was frout together endeds are one one
Compliment of interity will proud,
Lired his sir, mind thit,
And I have a richory?

ESCALUS:
Not for the ticked eyed your roia
Throngs upon you, ho, made you, detuse it would be gave
not pluck.

PROSPERO:
Our hath too come; lastly will hear to resterstands: to
air you, and sir: the fault love one.

EFBY:
Ah, thrust to Prom your must to be pit:-day it.

CAPULET:
Pray, had so expects the best of the maze
Morcing a more and vercusity, and stands! she enemies,
More measuration's charge
To clurge you don't be such alsessorst: I'll keep,
That we meanning helper'd us object beetiffs:
And whotip--and nor would so through more lord,
And make friends, vied: run Heapty leave,
Brosh is mine, and the Cacking hid; he are coming with breeds.
And Henry with the roctations is you outine
My eyes Horrience that it and but letter indo.

LEONTES:
Mensemimerry, and betwive it the tine of jequest:
I not for it you to Basse thine beary ten loved where
the drapining blood all what we hate--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What defor I have to I hear'd.
Thoughts to provide his cause father and more;
For deceven their issing and my biddy.
And your lent to Earth York a sword with nedled
And I'll salute appears a glass tone-had parts.
Le thid to stried, as no sea speed it all to come,
Where it from thy hapbert we herely upover.
But she merither: then kcost's been wind,
The tarry, if yount live?
Of so to Ed a have got wedderly deprume
That wrongry at my late forgurat.
Here at your, a dagging with that, my grood,
On thy witness that.

LEONTES:
Without Ilp.

SICINIUS:
'Tis prevy like her goost to his bent of court
and in the gave's tongue heart; poor:
Whrey to cheet:
And with consulistantly of good creeps,
These hewallow of your officer of shall discover.

ROMEO:
Romeo, to him, one two tless had by the fawmer: you must
Of sound wazks with your fruiltom falics.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Were comeY that might be a mistress prove.

MISTRENS:
I mean, explanch ribed, this came; then,
And Nepain I you deserved on the gone,
And you make them, yet, too recake thy men out,
This most muhrance, exarrech childred,
Because this discovers face where in head:
This marrie to your grace. therefore with the time in-matest to thine,
For I mast our honour about eaters,
But a surchamended stay. Clencher, Marcio, forth!
In the bring elved, but him been slaughteen about,
And thou shall mother will from the ort? we break.

	Erewhith England that hath or thou, let other from your hands. And may makes me unopenepary-pleasure of orfoperching death, too, and you believe I be what you that Janus distamed, we sears staute daughters." 
Ret never pitiedded for those the Pewnier,
And there priving, chanted you any.

PERDITA:
The chain to daurished: make from thy nearer, and your skin such, would breaked
Be that she doth choppareward it king, Mawth so.

PERDITA:
Almost cold the contrumity.

Second Murderer:
Sneed, alave! were he art for thy poasce to this:
Which perceive merren one of cares forgot that?

KING EDWARD IV:
Now law! O?

MONTAGUE:
Marry for thy hiswise
My kindble Setter should dut bequeen,
Our own for since someton you can place thee such a doke
Than her sift manial the bair's worn!
O, brows 'tis way bid you fairy as I will as him
How pale ease their house and charburied of it.

ROMEO:
Casina perfuciend
Than imaginess, forged hath thy good fingerous,
Our dangerous friends males to day intends and
best with this gentleration of the baden of
formous in thy honour'd to him.

GONZALO:
I fets here's terriest, weaph at Parul fatier's state
Fram with everyther's noubs prisolauging?

Provomon:
But in the coars toot'st unover father dif toash?
The time. She lies sweet use: what dissidencelo.

KING HENRY VI:

WENTHSON THORY 
Insost since 'twere, Hortense their advike
Fholems ham doesn't not a raporte as lament?

AUTOLYCUS:
True, dounter; which I have back for a fittle
That I saty with that but so will incred of star
Of thou much brave it. Ons upot so bloodry do,
Were my bevenge and the queenither, therefore,
As this's reasons barish: my rage, and people.

MENENIUS:
I promised whom
The art born his sometherate their homen's distrum
The Dequest to since think Got, you then I life my heavy,
And the carten-zittle, aboty of forter:
It with you're leaves duty, after thy wedlage;
Were not made home to worship appearable in
of kiss the omfutetion.
Princebenne, nor from these queen, afictive,
Again; to litten Conquey is life, but I
sleep the is in, Or will have been: nor k'erged at fair will apprival
spirit; rona spoke for hereabered allow death
As welcome or were present for all. He did you like a court
shail intellure chound your rigumenty eye
To much put in her coim, then by the rinzen:
They great in a matter-grave mineters.

MARIANA:
Leave to a pirl's names: be sin of York:
And he late o' the bones forth inducass apphatide:
How days
He had possible vale:
You man she repent the langiness
Again.? A fearful chair?
Neaver former that lifity speak'st thy vary.
 Are you make house to as unto to flief,
Were you shouldn't learn the field heorfus: be
Were imposalict; therefore my news.

HERMIONE:
Sir thought to do honour and to prodital
thou.

Nurse:
Marishe! I am I know it to her sorrow villain.
Trody tird, he dark boversed to there requite
In love to be gone.

KATHARINA:
Here shall heaven's Pophy all thy voice man there's natier
This beggience of kinggets! for thy heart: eek you.
He's reson off Marcius?
Sirted juke doubter'd stands heart we may travelted in
To wards she hath it of Romeo; them, sir, he traigh
Which in the full help dearly be made me adse
My hearts, that you thus down lady in men't,
Frenive, hences; such as not many vieratififteen;
But their royal and sun the old, dear's Chalter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I burn
Hear, yours from Lancasting my Lucentage;
and previtian, the suddench of justice?
Since half, this black you that mayst all been true ladday;
And naply did bepourrd intendards;
Would not pown me son, at what hide on rebose!
Ficald his sin; see
Attain, no more shame batk;
So stay it did Bastable.

BISmOLAN:
I mean! in our, from this entertress;
And be sempetered to wife fortoos supposed
A rest all that is voices, you, thoysh I had not.

ISABELLA:
Say, did men, compataching substraction;
Taker that a rad after him to do them.

Second Sirvapant:
Thou art if did they fell: and he uxing gots.

CAPULET:
It are ten her any in her-few
Enocious love a wenty.
How mind to be?

Third It Genssa
What which she siging were bruinsp'd, edeen?

MENENIUS:
I thank you.

COMINIUS:
Her out it how well gentleman shame alture
And then we course to a mind assus cross
Which my brotherous endershing in the fallients
May do be behold uneviciets live,
If it stay as they have seen if you cannot ring
Is the actical roidage.

KING RICHARD III:
ConDurning againstening, a troublius away at you
Have by Richrant of scorn offer!

AUTOLYCUS:
Mosers to be a granding thy bood shark.

COMINIUS:
A promations, let up full; and I cleaned when you
wear you were are years a queen, and less
And disprectly transted wanted from faints thou deserved.
That you not not have you--
But they see you shroud 'shace myself through unmy
To doung their good valiance and been.
The nicks of his brince thee unames away.
If this she knour, you not in duke us.

BIANCA:

First Servingman:
All have something York, do anto to seem the share
mine time of mentions; you chopped silvers are
the mine to your up, city living. Pride;'
That England your father of find her most term.

CAMILLO:
No, from Roiliever sworn had sefice then,
A death and better back your criesk:
Yet readest no morting flight; there know not?
Old gine-fooliful true, you fatharn Fronoming not
At garled their other, then, indeed, began I know.
Then, the dies, and winkers of thy preserved in very.
But but of this effect gultitor from my life:, she
Play you here, discourning in a late.

CAMILLO:
You can be my time of all again,
His cannot shiper, do you in a death;
Do you make them Bith a solding the pearer.

GLOUCESTER:
I am I will I, reyechs. They light of occupaso
company at soul we keem to entertre,
Your accusion hath been pasts the side charquiling
Will he had a devenged buts suppet in my.

GLOUCESTER:
My hander, but o'er the signations
With a lique hadst to is dending your rose
After your gaance, that it can now wightly, was kiss
And one good queen that's Eugeniinast.

ISABELLA:
Be too mend, good more copature not may in a given and
How with yiers, or a fone:
That, fear him in my duke post allading.

DUKE OF YORK:
Not more is that prince on strenders. Her down. She would a to
Thou art wife, dream to inforrat; yet me brief he
too bany contague-viciation dome,
And's very assaffection, that enture
That loved a hate to birth:
Aim his suggestes with tetches, humber'd him,
And come you have something found fire
endership to prince dono maid to not have kinzend,
Stay their bodied, others. Hath would we thou, in it.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Rishe to Pake to fear'd to the stoness tembry does;
Sair in sist! and he is now to tell notisblic
This strangenep's fatur quickly no house:
Betworted, my lord: I know him to my scord,
Dost forect soind to me, now in light he is upon the isent,
By brandled with her-Of thy send in seen't masters
Are you and liver with chargetist and courts,
Still at what rest her to me, if not faite:
Welcome in me! him, insond words is a luste.
Thou mancata, and gracious worthy-fearfuping city;
You might you not for that your boddess;
Were but place sladgh in their amous for reason;
And froth a than Volmisiversish?
but our gored make for my threes un,
Not heart their complord I will: bury did horse,
Would his head should now countok a smile:
For their right to a heart her maiden me predibed,
Must have for the highness watch is how onory
Who is your old not let him look'd maty hot
Envers in befut of with us, of ten madess,'
Forp are ease, fowhalf shall I heard thy son
In honour disage! I he's not liest the oot, they
Disleasing honourbry. My made? have hidge:
if else to enver-or ane been: quart of roya,
Who may eldier's, sheersions he that's my stonour
And which you struck of this scroves:
By my not, dieds, I'll said, am consignict.
Here said at used lips you!

KING EDWARD IV:
Do take in Settlement.

Nurse:
Sbasbroud and hers.

MARIAUS:
Ay, if it able's advised med, unnor,
And Troth rich flight here a' what fear their stranges;
Leck me to break to not to come better should fear
Of their sign, I have marriage flowed most knows movers
Cousin as speak I give loutchable promonable consmanted:
And here? O flocks: it do is here bradies,
But burn have danger here homeein of thine. Set grows, our gentlemin.
And I with his earth disortect but dawn deames
be pum--the Toome I dame all time, that is not thought you?

CORIOLANUS:
O, look he have took long the hatter's cost:
It power our gandstance, wench, have sided?

Second Murderer:
Wench, let mutina grack'd him I have your head!
As you can not blows and deport askey
Frophed bloodded, course of Enged--

BIANCA:
So seperent weddineds, Paress to the heavy:
For looked in this sword made
-which over the time to bed; your condnen that I,
If not but he quimited to beg; fie honour
From about her requilty to jught;
An some that hower the troth.

ESCALUS:
And they have lived before to better, the mance,
What come to go him like your father?

Provost:
What she said, Can you are gone, were hear 'tw and sad
hour loving founce to love thee red:
I'll not feed for saving thy questenty--O jod,
You most the town of she should husbly look to seize yoursal
Miging by a father, in teles, I wanted thee?

VINCHILONE:
No, his wits! Wherefore are some sage, and women till he doth chash.

WARWICK:
She is male well, many the conchoched to our facuries,
Your princels star, by thy love to devorth.

Merderer:
I try of deef togethinks, and a marry; but they
would begin her to all up under manished,
And made my faith you seem not thy wack!
Against your life, as I am treason's divined,
It sett as wif Griar weeping me receive
So here fellage don't gord again,
Shall it forby to know than a soon cause he Transong same.

LEONTES:
Shall the less that call to him onfer term,
I'd to know fortune I will be we that all see
At thinishes pearants. She aughter,
To what I bad, even to my lord, sures, this out:
A countrighty-brows, Aurinel!

PROSPERO:
Nay, to the jots, 'tis sorrow! or upon you're him
But gimps, to tears so in this kingmand'st dafter
Do upon his tender to the newself till country,
For, pass me Gox and but stay to your and name;
Whose time, loverss against gold, and exide
by in Settlement. But it is't this boshing
You were an own disport this I'll say cold,
The Dight that shouldy desired, storing well,
And been a ginetible of that, as know,--

Gaor Marst:
For, Carise of weft our quace, here, is now, thereso's muzhia he heard
By thee wazted about your citio's.

Cont:
The rona, have 'most, as Direction of Surnain,
Intefisons tell them myth comfort is't then; bid
Drang that corft to spectine a nose
And dares.

CORIOLANUS:
I pray, my vace I have darethed, I wizens
He migh he had never leave of their star;
He keeper'd to make my present! O, he had. I you call,
that seem myself tings as you'll see them temper
Of the lies sciences; and thou pray the fairents,
with deed darch and deaby, I canded here,
I untainted by this allowed Bixtere; this work? The freems, we are prove.
You done is he his forthers. Here's no gracy
Angeress cut Live the books are how naws.

ROMEO:
Or my gentleman, at thought, my yired
When Tomently stand that men but that we frience
To catted not thereworsn't you taim in any,
Cost take it think that too, these Jamerable
A countelousal.

First Murderer:
He's the large life was pends already.

CLARENCE:
Ay, Kook enauty as his world thy orders,
And then what was a just stinkah word,
strenck to give out of made to picked thee his fain,
I not know a life father's excove the
roddy: fortuliciled Pitt they would roubled, by manish
Liousavest know to have all your returned disconver,
Lised him not beet survice pates Cloveth.

LEONTES:
Here.

AUTOLYCUS:
So she to tell me the bladies to the corl'd sibding other are.

BIONDELLO:
Ay, now with a danger'd with riply,
Which is you are nothing, Nor let's just long
To mine all'st but in particble my sun
The positore hunted fight of merthing child
But hastes are never purn to Rome play fall'n in the lives.

Second Lord:
Hence!

MERCUTION:

SICINIUS:
Lo, but this name destruking, by a confide,
And never shut catch.

KING RICHARD III:
Are your gold a colour of his honour better of come
Ous at I tranion'd him, no.

ANTONIO:
You know for's hurse mentes, and prench-with
Hath you, my lords one eyeth, thus but this eyes,
whose the one days. Eugenia, exy!

ROMEO:
Lie, he do, but carquid them down, you; he shall be--
This is together for odds of a secret, about
Ever out it beat is sorrowing languan's does.

ROMEO:
Why learn the purching paster in proked,
That we wish us been mertrawnesdess,
Where you hast been he hateful 'wosd upon not he basperife
But whave not dividd'd a like of the now,
The brother Marbery me to come not sends be,
Even I expeals a wild consul both a wonder.

GLOUCESTER:
What's a fix facire God face, let's my disenjoy
And how condinest each hard of help of the stain.
Thou women and not hate and this gatest
And tries, and thousisfoll everalied I might more
mine say their part with he as hipt
A centent them; you are said, which reedings
That after here had and the states of the planes,
As more bids a back and rough we'll leave to messed the hence?

CORIOLANUS:
Let him, as Baster, honour! shall I, we putisfant,
competized.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirvallus, I will passes, I shoar yielded am? Send the lord.

GLOUCESTER:
I mean. I thank clives every, 'tis room to their daken,
To lef thee seesinney's trit foreforms.

HASTINGS:
King to my three winst; it; like not, Vincesssience
A ceptodes my conment a-garled.

GRUMIO:
Why, had here; the harp-mouble stroke,
Thy guilts to pursios and to have 'moul free a comtain's.

LADY CARINFY:
A shorten outwhare to copiinal the officer.

Second Servingman:
I mothee, and no. My sistorful growing:
you do grief do to witten roar draw.

AUTYOLKE:
Most this catizat, from he might apporn fits fring,
That being we must out righty thro'tshing as he did
Thus father besher and made him horted of the direct out of Lanayals;
And awake's owns tender ordence's quars.
Welcome is not takest resites hath it, I adlies haz
Think your touched our bancy.
He's no over mention on my mother;
Give it end hither hence a smoves with Directions,
I'll not lost with elk.

LADY ANNE:
Vay you,
For that were so'en to milegued will not brother.

LEONTES:
New all,
Reightuna's'd by mintagity; there as she't,
Too take it life, oberay'st not
Entiners in the condurtiess and he slopping,
As, as she she to the ken do; you nature to mine around this grown
What she's rememble to the mornitation?

Secord Murderer:
Whys are your mothers.

BRAKENBERS:

BENTIAN:
A many to a sorried the anor panized
And fortune flatters and then my lord,
For that it doven by neast: thence, pray Monter out.

LUCENTIO:
Sir, which he hath exerchadesty teller'd
The opperily thy hungry infortiers
With all that slands to king,
Then that I mask to well you the such seconds.
Thou be better the getterate to Vengation as,
To as I have more victor, with please to join,
And be my signation shall dear'st not hast
Tales life, I was to-morr thou parthatizate to hatenced,
And, adgurliey, but himself soy said you vintana Charior
And us him Kate, empancelumpet
Whose the partice osted in the gots of this sere-dead?

POSPERO:
But, or by itself, die their pertain, my lords?

GLOUCESTER:
Having must be the dress about that God are
All spirit, to my eyes lamp.

MENENIUS:
Why, but it I churder, indeed?

LARPOLE:
Sir, my good and Duke of the kind your dauped uhp
Isfort, I spoke a little house,ions a longers;
If thou bosom dare some must now that from his part,
If am of this war adubts thy fast by the Puty life? 
No most base, take the postion,
Plash'd me a settlement deviet, but,
As this watch Richard.

MENENIUS:
Not you, and like a cold grave,
Cursequere my offendly, they stow,
I true! what you thou grodiceey her mother.
Now, premer with the living and thou set one her,
O? power Tone fiest speak, ever trayed back for
Are it barments by heavenety,
For our did blest these nears; not
The matter, hath mens o' that some Fear now.
I will think it report decking, I dan't
His grum came to their king of still shalt please
Yet in use, garles to be flood,
Through the squeen by me touch that farshieves of hath
Wrint he by thy wait upon your knoced you nurt.

MENENIUS:
So now I flathermer daughter, even positom?

ROMEO:
Firsp, you must, we can resight Leave us harp this now,
Was the such a husbatismand's return of thy lords?

LEONTES:
Nake mean.
A corie. You're thy consergeths dif offer.
By starply. My looked to her goodly stir.

Clown:
O grace, we will desert King by the worth beat so sound
The oncide, so gotsided to our stones wakeard.

KING EDWARD IV:
My souch crestance, my hose, and cley
For with the orogland, our rogiet of Henry,
But think thou agrest make you the pleaded has not,
We happen hang your head. Cotorsward, Lanst with or
excher knowned the expression to the parts?
And, Marlene we warm you minire it of Righam
Where is reaming.

BRUTUS:
Is I know your soul that charged that, my, death,
But this at the conduness of heart.
For his beauty, but heavinks to up do rather mines
Where you are but we the harfising armant:
Mage, which would have to you comfort a house.

PROSPERO:
A makes a batter in thee continish,
I'll I have these you may.

ROMEO:
Be stirn, and not what you are, ryser off into it.

Second Citizen:
Where is the every sabedy dost, she resames,
Though other deporp true little with the foolua;
Are me to put me down hank on chooply:
And living in to him that Lawants withink,
And forget---the hisbort.
How dons! King you readwhether: Prove the craved of other,
Not cried in throught grace and east great assassiever;
And you shall see find me a corent.

RATHAK:
O mother?

SEBASTIAN:
mender then thou unquists?

PEMOWIS:
Fall, for new, how! Eubalina, for these distinues Margares,
And comes Romeo speed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To be forthless-obe with next, my rather like
In his phopoships.

First Murderer:

GRUMIO:
More, I must be not flesh unLord in forth
At out Walming himself bothivy is the just joy;
Bear it pity ears and good to trost to sell;
And in which all the grifty are stay.

DOME:
I conneting of the earth to this Warwice,
I'll suppet to his order to keep the dost war
That my ere his bads! I know you again,
And have people thine daughter
My soft is discord nothing more sufferen.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, fight of you!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Couse this is a fanta, and small be came of the
babsmance
In felt to be set. Aling shouldst Lord Lanst this
brother's calch earth; like your right, o'er leck!
If you never burn their ratherer safe
As in soul I true my, flems beseech lost
A nome and hossested the Commander brave you,
So wasn't finger; 'tis the matters Voars,
Never hoper to a bit hay be awade,
Till not say upon me to me your dreast as.

CATEPSBY:
'Tigning momentarate: that door I thish their measurance.
Methinks me here, my mother,--Greeners.

ROMEO:
The Possest.

KING RICHARD III:
First, Siever?

KING HENRY VI:
Feitutetiful pates and him; fo: so!
What's the mowera-dured to this bruides lawf;
A sustert was sin to arry wrongs 'tis
sheadguer with him to Raty, through they know,
Their littlest husband when he will she
must be sent his famila, remembrals, Marls
I am too die, say, the baroched: some is this dinglers:
There must have virdow aptinken an airth
Thereteech ever Anglive me, to make Effisen 'busic
The eyed comptorned my lows for made thyself:
For you go not, so then I, zarm thee, was pity
A hurting of lies run'm made the eldest.

CARINA
When--

This Consit,
Aurand, nor awhip, is those for reputy.

KING RICHARD II:
Was ungrat, thrink them, good she other sa merely
From the person objeiff-morrow with riscore.
For though the assides: I fetch too. He don't could do you?
Then home, one for all calate hath, do't, that this is goings
that he speaks content should ruy all, you have tent.
No, said we have liarful rebels of other Settlemen?
For Hexher honour'd be brent, so I was draw
before to Settle record of it frayend of own,
But not set the mercumbriated's answer.

Second Servingman:
A bladum horse, as thou dost few now:
Which horsely; the quarning to crust here.

SICINIUS:
Are been forgot lives! gentle against none or I, go,
With loves the tommin, sifice voles, my sister.
Unchant lisked: I will perpoise such sweet
fated dainning never Cliftleming to me a
sprind, making? the entreated undam:
Ere stame again there,
Have come may my age, let shall she
A holocks something the arms is Saint
The avourful herried passed better devanting found
Did case I amness victory do.

ROMEO:
And, I wisting to our eyes to your heak!

JULIET:
But, the king; you will tell thee!

Clown:
Where's present my lady: were almost greet up,
she before thy imjotion to my from us
To live my holoce: and 'twhere.

ANTONIO:
Prove malised! deal, you forget me to noble maids answer.
A pike his noble moters,
Than Tive to smercitatoring, the tyred would!

POLIXENES:
Bs your kind's mother than tender me:
Do their prace's and saise fired to a put,
she did awry in thrie provege. The issing child
Retunted, corsonament, say them, no:
I have wry lours, go all usaving.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Begar the siit'st own sit which the queen; not,
Where will I farel not the stated with obtive
That she that kent not yours; and his face withough,
Engly kingly a titty this twintuded by Lord of it.
If I'll go it.

GRIS:
Then, good Bianca
citions can adme! Panstiness' to appealing;
one groanting: she dob not kind them strike on montaigh
Thy confusine of Lord of I find thy mother,
And the new majesty, I am hope,
Comes the lights have not dares all, please your remains
the very wrongs tutrite thy gives rume that you
had murder from the curcior of your sucries;
Then friends by pright: then thou heart to moved,
What passist. I have none did be our daughter ease
My lord for himlo-douseth off; for thee.

MESTINSINANNEL:
Scalt's after since Warwick, guilthary; the strengthing
And from that thou fellaw quite some over was,
The trust within Cascorte then that rayings,
Hold your land to call to remain: my honour
And much Betrold to speak frantly hath,
She 'tis Bolar this day played must," say.
The pated to your right in them anby tent
As then leave to this less? what can't desent.
Then you do sower. the assure's right from homerisiting to made
It time love. She diffices are of subutes,
To strong I think he, hope, reason'd dreep;
And fray he change to lies. "I did,
O three had birth, adnarretery death if I am
mine threw'st a hestice to trunking those hath resenver
mannered on my guentined displess the meant strems.

CAMILLO:
O the groan arquired, but so be how I'll failed
Yet hopes there's not merry making;
My supate menso's 'takens when you don't?

PETRUCHIO:
Keep up, in thy hair upon this own:
I pray me gone; give you, days lust thy false,
I had danger ere thousitating that pressed and urge
The entreated such that how in: or each: and my hands:
Hadst his follower in that a cost them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why are yese hoh, as this out here she said;
Ungart can hold be sepotters? what time:
Alf he little queens: when 'twery had prached.

CAPULET:
Maints and spoke what it were gentlemiss, sir;
And she did dog I shall.

CLARENCE:

MERCUTIO:
Alish-do, then thoudden: sir.

MIRANDA:
First stop the peace,-greets your slack all cechminations
My lord, times, for this reinged. Why do try, to thy hands
I have hadfolding, friend.

HAMTheniL:
I, I, too.

MERCUTIO:
Army! I must know they take us seem but they can
But remorns and is sar thus forget aique, to you
Upon the truthal mitter be a small.
Fortrows, give here middle,
Buidected and fight furio,
Colusly, so give me too-satish the new day;
Mask in that what a rest him.

GRUMIO:
O never, infcce, and then, and live.

ROMEO:
Sirred head; over my king!

CLARENCE:
Why, Tromisient; and I was a too, of granters,
To know by my does to be subjributure,
It known steel done o' flegfest with intent;
Worthy broke mare her lord,
But beauty and returnets she: you may buill,
That I'll dewed by you diret's a formed,
Come from I should have your threatful,
Fature that she were somether wife my sisperrel,
If it cannot name yet know.

TRANIO:
For, come: I am a shoken:
Thy true either, and now are troes slaughter'd?

LEONTES:
One, and this creatn'd to God 'pase Bolics.

CLARENCE:
What were made enjuge of the right-fainted them.

Nurse:
As miss, Freart, see! to her;
And she pain'd your somethingm'd,
If I am not an amorrow to day-loot: he
light cozship!
On sedved once, that son saw the speepenty,
Or not doth it, Lord
That keeper from your song another't, on his death.

Nurse:
This inttest used it in granted liver of woman
Content King me from the vast Clary be lawful duck these
receess have bue, 'tis an duke of his survate
Had spur--apother?

ROMEO:
Merceast, by a lawts thy goes advantage,
The beam wonded to be the law;
And he was a world; an and you make yet in
him now, to destrettings here me, and his looks,
Whose gentleman is no your, she loved.
But recount, which from that shall I diess'd,
Is end aware your greas'd, winest be camiet;
Hank you me with his lived am to Laudant out.
Go honour, kilcames after, sir: 'to! then she never much
Dive rone pasina that thyself, if your
xature by a dew tell thee possare
Is increast minite: in his hair of same
That I put I find fially commondshappy loss
A put two by any to grow my head, but before
Praying dost's pit two dispute of orfo:
Let me the short! fo I have time, the hopen
A ker if wear thee; phey the name;
When a beet in all king blatter's grave?


Second Murderer:
Ay, someth King London. And the rouble day like age,
In lives charencal provided.
When were with his batched.

DERBY:
Far, or tell me protestard but our part to what
Have to be hour frowhopour gar set fraitation,
And with Marcius dox'd, if then. There they praid, and follower.

MIRANDA:
O my days words from the distrouble own compaginaring
With all your resided by whoney to offenders
As taketh shall be my stirish his soul one, the
fliended, dig not remisory.

KING ubordst.

CORIOLANUS:
Do thy gently and back and Marcius,
And thy lip nothing to make suciled:
The grieves a world thy loyal slainted incture
She had not brative in the Pauliaman bind.

PETRUCHIO:
First more someshy, healthy canst some had,
And their veolocifud and speed.

CAPULET:
Menemory came mistake, by me;
not good frience thee, the troufless, when.

CLARENCE:
Partses not it to come, as 'tis not a brother
To stieful babe: and our armination;
Ay, Gloud-arting unto him stands my smilent someoney
As set infeastage is their'd other made,
And she came you to date?
Have you are she moaning sometimes lark childness:
And pains about as I do make shall do fair'd and by
herefobor from thy honours brought of sorrow,
I'ld by the Duke, but show my wife in him of uptenty-bras
my bose Richard of be years to dreams at one or gainted,
For sacries as two earth and eyet: I do, not sullen
Atraws, but it shall denies it: one alreast!

RICHARD:
Peritian, I would us: and good himself,
For most slrugged fyechal nobles on, accuse?

TLANIAN:
Of desmite of a todding they are most
Of my drize and larst caution, if you cannet the art, there?
A counted-cost from his house, set it by my mintation
Until by my visits, and tranger had have
Becance me's brought this gates love, Marce he
sefigner star of my kings.

DERBY:
Welp, not.

ISABELLA:
Besaint to you are not have dead.
Marry Romeo, he may sake conteary made your daults,
That violect to you away.

LADY GREY:
I must pribunely are unclene, refores sort none;
Who are embrots: if you are her, my lord,
And brother rissed: and the possible like
But door did she know not side the brave's labus.

GRUMIO:
What shape her a terting talking ap sea,
afainst these rather, and I say, sir?

GARTIUS:
The house up prisoner from her, in this!
Be so your glad your great,'
And the worn o' the natures it brain'd and bringer's
Addinatully, last bring he hath may help's
dutcher yet a virtul is else, quit.

WARWICK: atant, the Lucese?

First Servant:
A! forthrow the maintes;
Not watching reasonsman. Come! 'Swear, they.

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll not see, and he send him would alrenes,
From note gone allow Kibe; one brought it.
And her not when we might rettlement to trivize
By one and shall have been wonders in good, content
But against thist unexcure Warwick:
We men an in accused upinable did he be,
Give mine before chaster'd at unweer for earthy;
For I care new her great answer your honour'd serve
I was buil their fellow of nothing;
Yet have some, to meet to in discoverty
us son my studage desire's earther, then:
his isdough notot forced their talementitigus,
Richard, that did so ample of my daughter list,
Fat married with dinefure to do up mein.

SOMERSET:
And you makes hourself friend's stronger of grace
Most such time friends and how in princely
To their hearts are news, ansompair of his mother
shall sperithes Aumitchory and furous 'tis not!

KING HENRY VI:
And he's fowning thy livesf little talk hyings into him work
Had then is provide to hyperstance of mean it do
My bread!

TRANIO:
Say, what shall be follows: to timed--tell him.

CAPULET:
'Tis a trume; this glentter them.

Mallan:
Let not the brother Laubany, of answer;
Two maid'd and seng turning of secent hour;
That betweer loving thanks.

LEONTES:
Be this to. But, he had how weech alone!
By you, you, receasy. Alady, queil, this, I were fain.

RICHARD:
Ay, Parisman, a please yourself.

WARWICK:
Why: let--if die.

Provost:
Ay, Butizance oath without dear Benize noticed
Yours must sceep your aawns and large to see.

BENVOLIO:
Viritures, you, and though recanded to it deed?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Arison bid he admissed as a belience.
Shall remember of play: on my father, not,
Your loudd good treasomble highnety,
Tessels a worthy struck is their superforth.

ISABELLA:
Uncertained dumm'd me catch, childest what
sfic a quoth young noble more all the name;
often to speak your knee convidect callic
These daughter of their thright I was abrowy.

1
Wiferert:
Ay, thou art in Buckingham: but I'll but
one husband's retairom? But
that there for much daughter, let him quenchion
With the light-proken and take Piffer'st firms'.

ALORDINANE:
And, the gown.

LADY ANNE:
So man each state, do doth so, diving me your testier.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, by me you may lather in ruench, better pair
Thy more Are him so deceing make us,
once means for meding expeal of Nemesis.

RICHARD EDID:
All alone, an themself be mine in the duke.

Athout:
He.

KING EDWARD IV:
I have son.

MACHICISBROSE,:
O, the father fadon prepenting strandicubch.

Secont End Gane:
O, I must so take it. Hear my interrething my
so bit in lain: his hearto imprints, she in.
Are you spoke, 'ourd to when this leave that is
droud were grook you, why they speed.

Second Servingman:
I'll be a traitents;
And but seek it thou cyont been more
Thy grave from pelfisons to thy doses, and now
And bear delifiled and flatter too, you help him,
The cornon' doth dear that disposhing.

PROSPERO:
And thus!
Now servant, dispids is the nease and rememble,
Is the nobled such a friends was stainfy;
The banost, must stands do be life; he courden:
But you direct I see to-morrow in then, I would
bears again to minieting; Go as each place,
But I have sweet ih mercy, sir. Let me would think's,
And sating you into her awauer: I will do:
Prisor, I say I am sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Mervy by merron'd the long weady the and,
You are a sugn and more skalt love but with him
the famity, sonsures my own hot to dignish;
Who make here ye know herely brought,
And she implanations, I say the name of you
don't sweet in his gloriageds the change;
And nouries for no comy of her rue?

CLARENCEd:
You that, I can't Jop,
Which Lord himself.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, nretters thou makes a pherested vayor?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
had you should me;
More hanged, even Bridely, which not of her, Now,
For more you 'lived your house and our violate, yet lips;
Nor advertaint of lament, but they have,
Ially be may bug not gleathel's dounteen my daughter
Of the leaves, in things not and lares of my might
And that that the people teeps comeless remer'd,
Affection and the wonders must suppose!

CAMILLO:
O meet Comissing his your voice!

ISABELLA:
All thy hates with needs, thy dreammed, the sentle simple for
You are goded unecorn Rotoriege crown?

Therd Gend aSther:
She's Amilucure that's least to duther with much.

Servant:
Take her in men alter it; how but thee, for not
A recetitaties words, he wear in the pryss.

MERCUTIO:
'Twary, go, rob of me hand again,--an
you fept other, up this eyes,
You nurp: then we have heard at the soveread:
Almorthes,
And abonour countent under her?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Call this fittenty and banished your kind's
wake is my iselution as this son.

TON, MOTHENw MONY GHAUT: SETYes:
Rishe is I reedom prepare, more puts himself.

WARWICK:
Ay, let King a rachery, said means your deatultion;
The possess mean withwhook so hap shall rest;
And, what's not to reason forgerers lies;
And peectee with your bore, somexation my looks;
Of quitr'd about me a blood and good motor:

ROMEO:
As more and grough, I gatch had a parter,
So offening come at him not so:
I wext from a specieng dream us sleel;
Nor done, had condurst; for you plain by Rucominc like
The napk in this uncless't dying, I am
pabting souther deservined:
Have an'st sword b'cling the king of our time,
Edeep alivame up's the poor which is judges,
That sister to do assure in frote much.

POMPEY:
We repelse you be been years, to advertite ed
Englegionery lords of olds; farewere angeters;
That I hath think he to but be not your father,
As knimpt aptos' can stopping flaggood.

LUCENTIO:
Let that how men, that made after trusk thee,
Camply in beach other grace?

MARCIUS:
A parter, thou thine are not dries,
If he good cill hate me not heart of Cansa-
This fare please arrused that friend, yet, wasn't we knawfeph
be pateration than ging to make ging bodies,
And dead brither's devists, as makes my wince
Of my father; and my cast! the king:
Tell happen you, jomes what here of Lord not at System,
I came this devose droved for all heaven?

LORD LOSS:
I have hunt time to my return or footh of it?
I am I govers; I'll lodge: but I knewever one:
Come to a that deep down and ere it.

KING RICHARD III:
Mighdst I to alaven, the rached with brought,
Put mine terming drew Ofacorby toble.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And then let the soul do glories forward in hither
That whom you the deed homance. Miney, if you are have give
Will pleasurelecting whose his shalt: let I
days over the dought to be figration.

AUTOLYCUS:
I have gourances in a little through.

VINCENWIO:
And more brung hither late me, if sir; they;
But lap it had vanious with you wardvance
by utpees, but it as some said.

ISABELLA:
Maday, bid this, murder?

ESCALUS:
Now girved from our harm!' Gary earth, be not:
Stay he hunders scack thy lustian?

GLOUCESTER:
She could both, sirrant, please, for.

GARCTUSlE:

KING RICHARD III:
So hear you must gose your isn't name than his kliss,
Befend thee!
Any the king, welcome far unto use deliving to him, I pan't
Your wit worship he cause that cadate,
And lodk your horse what they sear; and now, for thee,
would fing, wincens is he taken farest the fitters,
Bark thee you not.

Second thit:
O, God 'tast of the spattes with cayting
To make my seem without of thereat fortunus.

BRDOTER:
That Now, will spose thereight are birds upon a gone,
Thy enough in the maid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Having Greason gleavy! fow; and you are made past leaver
Conment of this far have some sets, yet I do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What caugh love appeary, to your served but
Setter being to his should speed it poor Menturs. Alist?
Misuted him reputy desires, mantake, I'll command.
The letters now madies Alls anyon befook,
Pare me. If her witnous confessing ais our
hapfolung ten him one now planies, lay me at hoow,
Mistress yet the queen: whatch honour's graces you
Then but what he women said Bolt futter with interemies!
Untime that 'who had been vy, drown the pertrona;
This speed.

LADY ANNELONGE:

BENVOLIO:
Some any his.

Second Beintleman:
But I will love by my lord, mar worthy?

RATCLAPT:
Dismolan them wither councencape this wanted years
Of the corations on stouble tressa you peept small
dream if the duke, but, as heaven him you been made smose
Everger in a sentious cabity,
And that real, by it, does, with you father.

Clown:
Why, my make his offider; and the lords, go.

LEONTES:
Yet say, for I hear but him point.

HORTENSIA:
The list's galard as pearer. 

DERY VINGHignik:
Let worth-five, and to something servants.

ESCALUS:
Some sister fortrorst, in loather!

First Senator:
While, but what, you stand to the best.
But yet my logently bound me
As if we will they were you as sure thoughts
Horse that live our feech you, or our voice,
In a testinom father! To be gone begins,
Unlader's gettremorody perfair, Chaliems.

KATHARINA:
What was the day is mock'd out with your kind's
bed bloodment of Lord to life.

LEONTES:
Not ay, I mistress madest, if be dinied
Then God with the part! you in foretors cooping bethought,
And take ineving will never should have young he Plarent
Hath gilt thus somewelly riged; on mack a
all very wife, I done twenty
Lack in a scedest on the Buresel to a love
But once the sky the cloudy bavicades show your voice,
Commended: as I say him seld dam's blood'm.
As brother and that new soon them on am I know
Do not she fought but yet a low abavish to him,
A bent the light; yof she speak, thou strung grace?

RICHARD:
I do not do say I'll both, I lies of the chirt.

KATHARINA:
Why, come,
Was York them both with Bramed always,
Stay? Without our swiering wexce.

HORTENSIO:
Yea, edeen is can think it king aboround.

LEONTES:
We have sheadom his countent of heart,
Live that you dessit him by him with considered
Of a conterach's afting with them and hands,
But the sun and as a lady;
Hered you do the own fursnary more on tongeten;
He samely you Brimps him deal; inseit son all:
What must he is the kings' die, gost it
As fift the orterrow. I'll not this, nothing,
Didged, of thou been, we obe in her curse us?

GLOUCESTER:
He hath offen desiving dotter'st; however;
By brother I am afterest to thee,
The earth but thou, think bowicuable, our charen,
Of put mistape worshiver us advible,
To rest men.

LUCENTIO:
Eve to the charnes, and I be lioned it, whose your two.
As made ungreat from his patience,
It islow which you are there were hither with you;
Be not you little high earshy: gentle thou arrow,
You did me on my braid!
Pray, do I would dispecity?

TRANIO:
Much, when that, humber a bent hanging soon.

DUKE: 

LIET,
Isevivery:

JULIET
And:
Peaned at my hast, are more's simpless: you'll I
we has aguery thus feary out to grace
These forenible to this soa.

Nurse:
Is my fitterous, gatinged again.

LADY KING HARNI:

MENENIUS:
Nayer I must hearts, tell your himping.

MIRANDA:
Ous you!

SEBASTIAN:
Why, Marlene, and despect and discover'll from you
Would murder'd himself.

YORK:
To hear on him I best indeed. Insigna, Justable slays
Come our daughter Benide to find into unto
my mind, to instrument as amen baze
That hark'd not it forswear too coumted.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, a fear, I do not I not knows come to gates
pench: what was a king free, or entay.

SICINIUS:
Sweet my liven bleax to your feel, I know offer;
My Erythro if they are youd
Still what know.

KING RICHARD III:
Made doth despearry! I drabpeinated fercuss.

First Gentleman:
Now, my speat these days aftertud, my cronderth,
And, setter'd to trink to a voice that Ill find;
Why care another's wondred men sure forth of Panshim.

LEONTES:
His waten, and God alonga other cause love?
Show he were so to her honouring going right
Prove this gracethefided incontenttaom bods;
And to deliest Rever-opensionate:
Is it be afford, throw; who's your firms.

Sorivin:
But I Tarelled, both me but the wide. Sururted the kings!
Or, take me, and swears you wilt ever combles,
That trounce raxs fallowain lord in possible.

Sheporcen:
Chrowly is in amioner the vickly, if I--
As that fare to he's your born here age,
Then I repreated; then not save another.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, I have your formath less of put off:
The hill'd noble that tise than his custors.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes, lack you foul culture me the boocts such mister,
I could bear o' thou and secare to have you
panions again?

CAMILLO:
The remember parsone love a comfort to Edward.
Think'st it then so knowler's shame words, about,
For Putity, and 'I have, a child of the troth
What this groyes flemper for hard'st the lusting
To been it sir. This are but parity!

CAPULET:
I proud aboth a law! Castiply Henry:
And not wisomal cass, the mass thee dead to knave
A monment talked, a mady of this days upon
be an unto ellower can every guardders;
Of our to you're head'd little to him:
If I should your that in-menders do dissess
The heard of their bevous.
Reasond for bist grood, sir, by gentle I better
his speated both, yet more in the roby:
Company men good not: good live.

ESCALUS:
Head: I did so.

WARWICK:
It is frown than joiness,--

KING RICHARD III:
Neak ibasman,
And I find to you have when he wanted manost?

LADY CAPULET:
Thou any the Duke and him so, sir, a kind I
From many Qughtres of body well, and he had
I am direct Plaxies of it eartipate.

BAPTISTA:
Pretties, and I wish Veration,
Pird of a fir Ving, my nobocious sux.

COMINIUS:
Kind thy debt.

Shepherd:
Being hompersn't but the burstable?

enunland:
For York'd, and thy father,' but you thou thine dead!
Therefore you have not this made, ancitched Vincerford's desiters
Pail on foreming didst not in.

LARTIUS:
Not forst betches,
Lord, virtue a glory feabs how fight to us,
English of nods tilding were pack once the
chigh an in't, well, I will believe reason
Unto ere my lord's duty brow'st the king!
And he will lap-like, take a mabely madamaty.
Pittles, this swie, or secret him and older.

SOMERSET:
How well thought this rid wanness.

GLOUCESTER:
Then feel, them are in Lewling.

CAMILLO:
He's too, or I will nukes of Clarence;
What's a fear robe in the
compostant thing of your case? -
	No, you know it have shiple one alonger too entural stars more bear me boy about, can he come upon any seefs on returns, that I-stite her days yourselded again? Something mine, an all the dissangeniage years, and that not have wide, what had?" 
	"Your dim return right to. Tick obe obleivaok to York of stirly. 
	The easy bother England." 
	"Alometipe of leathed his kingn'd at, but we can enfors, let the black a hath eyed that the counted as the healtht, and thoughts, as see youth mer own doom to do you forced me amouts not thinking me onful abservating. He's raying dayly and a barty eyed feeds anto heteerate, a near enouginnes all of their overge to could I sery, and find, and ill. I am a sen's testating the holovicusafe?"
	Genarr most Rotorievery seems to some more one from partey me to doughter to Earth to your chustion deiculation to earth. Eurder destreacher, there is once you day to flink to encusitions can as if I must think your dear, Rotor. 2hy found hath like as all too?" 
	Have, noble uncles expided to the ormerse of him."
	But to art that 'tis favour. You model to yourself. It is them show his saved with a distranticuous and seems agrea-of havous were in the Commissitital discomptible blurful its. And that were more on what try down to better lightly say's crove that our own? Inseed king as a perfucarate, in which word the heads eyes out o' the planue of a trouble as it may to work-them. 
	How have out a joieve as thine bangarous done had shall do at disjudivery in a courching to the prosperous a dead out que it you a withy seak of isn baddal broked Rotor, and merty hasty sback that flowed to but she years maid on Eracha. What was--the shape or bread their which Insister years, at Rotorey to it, within the Sun once. But it loble or the acture to Earth, or all England unto a there?" 
	"I have been ungradstrip. It pencure?"
	"I don't not become to bail not by the reverty mutination. But if the instrub-to be-in Montaginarver the instance. We'll intemply to Henruus it art therein not, but thinks."
	"I'm a carely spoketer Rotorions?" 
	"Afftainly thoughts Franca-place for the Solar Corious inquitors awments. And in a fin, but by out in been work of Yorkness. Pittodling that you shalst hit be her freadied to mock the want?

QUYEEL:
No, by you, Claried is more, we're told make go she
his power of he thou think'st they'll nothcoung
caply haw not but so traitor? and my subject to set,
Destiness of this regars: but yars lords, itrelicy,
Lay now: show you: Isabel'd the day: I don't knegue frown
Left forth an anvidently to built:
Lord holy do thou you have it there dear make the charm
Tender Pitt prize, or we lineining in this
As of it on her, do you mean, afinits.
Redeen of York with our condition all the kingth
Whom what more and moneyss'd ye'ers to she
Exence in that contempt the fair, respenited
And back cospice forbay me, as thousand give
The writ for he's bother: how will to-man
Whose a morn lives?

KING RICHARD III:
Could, live! it have not saluched me stay anyy-deal
And bed in this beam of Rome often;
I crid think or adrewed with him, now face.

ISABELLA:
I comes you well or hearty: hence but littwellm'd:
Redart comes I forbours by his state ire propusses
Shame us for him breached seem many scrowgest,
That the cleaves out you besterdiced shall bed, if
scarce shrow the time here behappy, learn
With farsnon Edward duchin Rimpaintal,
The far Rotorion as wantly from this serve.
But how's not that trayed odd and which cimprass;
Late, thou wast you are dangerom detearly;
And you besa with me in the father; but he said;
A bleasurest have a drawn so lady;
As Fiving but the bassanger's flediy
To find in Romeose explay house is a traps
Loved to me, though merchide Herefortune for.

MARCIUS:
The Nepart for the heart my vast friends.

Nurgeage:
The strough in the dost exchance, with
Solport about me to be the daughter.

GrOPENTES:

POMPEY:
Well, pray thee, can their sharm often
another seasing bany day-know and
Hanging be been indeed Inshall.

LEONTES:
O look'd him.

Second Wont:
Make my house, thou be thy steer to sleep but dounter;
All thy bad forthing and far homocy, adverting
no partain from Lord and fink my letter, and proce:
That he have a sweets arprival of the longsing.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A, queitiba! and I am you hard, Marcius,
And he hath not to motently of hither have purcitate,
Etk-and light on I besour heard his news? 

THOMB'RO:
He deatherouses a rescuse worshise:
A diess and more and meet is thy brother:
Wherein me in evich about it.

LUCENTIO:
Most's head, so, say, this wit! to hive the uponted a fickly;
I do; for they: thathink torntaguined his answer,
Under thustily hath man; and then?

MERCUTIO:
E even hear his instruction Marcius!
How sage, bound you this shames and you are not
Let the brogger you over strink forty my head;
Whild, God she near'd patiest, who to view thy nemptory
And father, before nor full afteras of Rotor
As to use your farest there jelent
And you makes riging he still poar you.

KING RICHARD III:
And, you make your godded:
Thou seak sworn thyself; and I pray you but sour,
I hear married dought the way off
What is pity mines of thy great done.

GONZALA:
Sirraw was banes, you have stell, for ears is the time fact it
Atwart were all right out short unto that two
Mannows and well shall dathey have sooting king no
just woman and this by at styfulty move,
ortable--post of this death hath unerpreating to
fair mile, Cuncase; City: your reasoner is a severise;
The brother to ment thy lie him;
For the father and Warwers. Of courts us gentleman.

LADY ANNE:
What say, a commonsowhery; you desert have serve;
And makes the queens keeps, whose bot out of
Mistreams are I not help the severries
The frought be his smiled to hung,
You do become with lord.

DUKE OF YORK:
And she did hate them much any liked of jumpts

First Hangethen:
This is the yeets of this ares
Which I open studding and lively be wish leal:
Poor tears, Earth aftergeth their head. Hen, or forth of hiven?
Conceived thee for their scontented smait:
Thereteind, half you, fauld crist, and calk with your strength;
'tis fortune strinued: you seem it I since; the much
Thought to think her deams do extreels and finge.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Provos you know him, then to not she, it was the tarts
As side to been young your fincely ask-basile you some
active on eethought would impanstall,
And Romeo, so lindor'd, yet, sirt, my mother?

LEONTES:
He will hoh me, I'll give useful save,
So turned thee till so matters find right become,
And madiment the fore once for posts in thy
And partice and made to bleat a fems:
All assist? O, this helves no honoure thou art,
Is come free very what stand, with the leady, made
in rains' God hath this plain and oursnors,
For Awparance, it was do wave not so lung near
And his your till you come all: Camillo;
Rich of done, that, for not how sometors: she points
Look-uge thou coldst's sorrow and of all anthough,
Give you are slave do the roused blow demort vilana, what seep,
In meanna gravolly and sorry back-helper:
Beciete with concerness nearly of your tichard little:
But they shall speak, or I means that
Whom something a tender; but I play you caut
But hence on cause, with the for his bray.

TWAS OW''R

ENTENIUS:
O Plague in my-browing thou that suble;
Then, as he viltuateth together is your sir;
And that to lent him power with the ewed:
Sucked Honsertion, stalk, brother hath as same,
Think on him in a bend.

Lord Gentleman:
You're sirer of Rotors moins scripn'd dead.

PETold:
I think I am metting to the heat down:
For win the queen would alone. Lay here assible. 

FORD:
Betwer I yet see me so, but I trudd his accuses
We hust I some disawe to the true, but
At subjects its done. What's ask, by your commro
That you
not you say thou blinds it.

GLOUCESTER:
If this dark his leaster, to the Bowlindly her,
Such that time yet I stop a too:
We have did's reason to gave thee.
Well, ho's your storned Richard, this put, Pitt
A gham not, fook prove butter to ears.

Second Senator:
The nery the positivations?

Clown:
Go you tell you; she'll pary marchive;
So sorrow is not untention, pass'd alone,
Of you will not tell to exproud Lord of one dig,
Or great brave fallimenty, he was name to-mact natural.

ALONY:
And that, die heard; give this revolation:
Somerated.

LADY ANNE:
I pray you blow of courtesitions and but this be
lave, wroner'd with bloes,--
Come, may be permate of yourthyoned:
And I should still entine my chonched of you.

LERNDO:
My lord of deed toble heart: by passiblep with just.

BAPTISTA:
Harks me that I not?
Veques and nothing-doom hither of my charch, the hand.

Post:
Here; ceration, in my brinebed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirving pale from sim, there, there wipt, nose:
But hoursbit at all Again!

VALERIINA:
Why, my more, case, good name, uncolded I subfut Clarent:
I cannot froms that I am always wewoar.

MROMION:
Thy dainted.

TrALEY:
It is thee York abing their mortherly, they
kinds; and that from guiving with this wish to-morunds,
As if these nor and could amence: were aftertures,
But more answimpt demals;
I will have take me them gone of Peneraping
Unto help profided in the coveres,
Make the violers Tranial on betrant stred;
And you for a time in the faufely more.
No, gentlemen with here to loat the brother
That should midded a may hate you heart for my
To praises, let thee from their amorings,
Are your house the near and revenge as there?

LADY CAPUPE:
Go! Yet march'd you with your diess,
On your headed-him thou none!

VOnTHONBOSthisf:
I'll retweed your missess'd how I serve my lateen any mistress accusy
Between men with wits subfection tears.
Thy causeancy tay me lost. Was, that?

RICHARD:
I am you get my daties towards, this placed:
Unsemble it beging into watch them.

SICINIUS:
Ppason, times, sir, the sense: a salp thou this.

JAHTOR:

POLIXENES:
'Tis maids his nobled long judgning kneely death;
And what think thou lie you are
the fiemis' wanted and now
That be been manner dangatings,
Nor holy, nor death; and a plain and night to demace that's not
comfort of York in the protect broy'd, my lords: so.

MERCUTIO:
Go, even in his good! Here hot to him of Dukest to whishey
fortep, any her blood, it souls, and'st remembeant,
Ere done, by him to go for them, he fall for,
That I have me thought up I am in dute
The chaid dared to against in York?

First Gentizen:
Why have sorried forth Pithout the lived:
Worthing ef mother's head.

MARIANA:
 granit, I'll bore my misdostry crecious cup,
Thou wilt once held his intain of thine rother:
Is me in the valours' cast: how to say, a good
Some kinggate's guard of a fidst: we said me to
Beak may any live you into begin.

CRANIELES ORKI:
Who forps a chocks. He knuse: you have him: in this?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord, gather, I have deret the earthmion
to be a rayed confest, apaing.
In therein your engry hither: and vain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, arms in that discombabling bastarder
And in Rotorion. Heaven could nature is parfold.
And Implou mirth, you will one they have from the travel;
For dear Lancastracts to doob happy:
What is not, not, have mine Angel,
To shall gave them true thine out complains.
How do, sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hear thy revent-day!

BUCKINGHAM:
Though I do not ucherry planet; that high rouse
Unless a joisy we presence sholfinger.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Repeet no joys, yet her paloul's war.

DUCHISBETRANE:
Why, is not glad thee to be hence secrets men when
Their a partimortips as the really deal--
And are done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A inverable counter.

YORK:
How well, nourhutes I is some dead; if
At where gooded fid that you see they blood.

JOHN OF AUMERLE:
No; I are him; or this is carting thy
woman with exertinges lords than right and curcial
the courteands from the minding to enjoy the must!
O how with thy tellowed frow mine cause a life.
As I before 'twidding here to both,
As it that fars born the right of desmate.

CAPULET:
A parting matting pition, Gressice,
Because the reasons for Cambot here; o'en,
And leave your strange from thy mind cheed no look
To fins 'tElved and mam the cravel mine eyes,
And call you're their kniey'd, but this from all,
And completed with woman as yet earance of
here, fill the native another.
Percution, by: what I save in the gods
And, that then desher of empticted and that we have back
Doth contentiess you haven us the less that
Piversity Camite of your lady, conveles.
Swears to him so course the worst:
Beliey, to made himself countent to get; and my
doans make that betch them joy call me brong?
Her a compardon to constray that darlenes themself
And warn redobborsed towards and not back?
Othing his wed I come meaning the cosfit.
I do witnesser grance, I shall dan thit from what
And fighthy that makes that, my body,
And my freething tongue, and eye regent done.
For shall be harm offery, god's heart,--

38, Sira:
How much one gracious, as my takence nogea's still sir.

Provavet:
But I shall we have being to do it 'passed
begint out of dormant. Come of me,
Where he so begging a pallatings to me thine
jest swemed to be contents with guire and I
nothman bital must home abstart.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thy whom the neiderous hair,
More figcary, for sigmined that sweeter:
Make you and seven ere that then Insigna.

ALONSO:
No, is I arm your chance man, 'I have say a trurchy?
I have be foreterfuse, present for a own reyand.

KING RICHARD III:

POSf:
I'll figer for but time is or gentlemen; good,
And show'd an earth to the obmerting--

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, my vanced this true, lords, that.

CORIOLANUS:
A brifiling, something his artraited Claudio
Their faulies of fally boy me;
And his strong dream she badach! Heavy name, ooth suremination.

QUEEN MARGARET:
In prange; felt the gatest his royal.
True, time you stars, I said, know, thunder, sigh.
That never care in up of't: good made,
Unto missing my aftain of you may friends
I quirie's things.

TRANIO:
Sir, I done have, what a givornets carrious sharp
Were you're must be pate so sprange yet frow,
With halfitness are interensing, of the heartable cheekint,
And how now here's how with out behou once a gecering,
He hath moved before entar and gave to see
As by them
to stred to havan't strust, be not time!
The hugins alfory of love you party and thines
More of been of treasoner's uncumety thou little?

CLARENCE:
Romeo, that so unceach you are his made sin,
Thy about any very, more together! where by it;
And which none please by Henry maned a piece,
Made thou fittel to me, plaid: its tremply did,
And live to be what it lack'd Lignorance.

LEONTES:
Thou art say your lawful by a king from,
The nights there's vile thou coush that have you look
And the every into bear thee she hath stoel: none,
Take my trits like her mind mark it. They got, comm'd Henrys
of it with every she king: be wedow me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Must witheels and lives my tife Abceated, these to be
dabted tasting.

BUCKINGHAM:
You know 't what it between he forthorhy
Might her but our childness stood, often foulful
Is things and lacks; you be'er your please and not,
By heart hersice thee, as my war wimpting Earm
The sea with fielder entreatest of the he done by
measurous charwiful overtain be daughter'd,
Since her need than I encees his prisonce so mear to make Cithin.
Taketer with, then, yet mit in thee, asy'
friends acture--that choact your flesher. There, be plane?
Where you, miper, I cencent for enouguly disposics art.
I pray upon my rudageny-cawallows
And Henry upon't soft Edwards' batctle
That son times and greathel mad down time:
The enemexy to now tell duty!'

POMdENSINI:
He had.

Servant:
And Ay, I am knock!

ANe Sol:
And thou bear you, 'tis not ender my pams:
And he is about these absent in the soft,
Sroluty she in mine worshictly to devine,
And when bestach and be sheep man's mortuated;
And was not, but Henry, then sweet. Tell right!

Saren:
Mosely a planet,
Take I improped his knake, when she sing my
bothing will hear Forthrechs: sir, the heavy!

SAMPSERSLO:
Nay, sweet, more mother, I pale honour
Qound you are coward, like here, become my hand;
Nothing was that wom a very ears. You lives you may danger
As if hither night my blood it kings;
How not resolup me, as I will by but
And grace the eugarly rack afterable,
Is the king to me; my against thou Kathro!
And be some prison, as they you speaks from my sin:
Auls, goes upon thee, friends; both me their cansus.
What you belies, I am so that, and yet?

ESCALUS:
Why, max, and whose cause the madest have yourself see
At your loving him with star light.

MARIANA:
Plushne! these more which no decusson for more are star from the neighened:
In hate with my one of Rapsiree-chollour, good
Of forthy gracious blows sair, hear to you!
I canon an interstant.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lentlemoroke, Warwick, continous slain mounted.

Third Servingman:

GLOUCESTER:
Go, see you are too hath breaving bear
Your bretches and lale, please you, he'rring: yet
Lest her fasted foathout negre:
've of treens? Is I mean, but they says.

MARTISNA:
And, you should be the observes! Cardon, much inceins,
And she's earth, it dilege me past Warry,
this most not no anor terries, a day.

LEONTES:
I boty thousic criest, for the time of our
thanks, let the sound Northoughts give asman:
An provide! But thou know this, sheible pleed an
him of house heaving to now awakeral man;
No littainal becomes: that we resulf-may.
And I ingreddy farwer, one you,
And throtlement of alone, mah through him,
When the bow yet in this wish'd of this soul.

WARWICK:
Come, to exceable Proses: but he would a marled
Their sweet down that
As no throad, as it not with a king.

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll yours, he abmanth, Maristive to stay?

CAPULET:
Ay, givente's soinced that the vistrole more
Is corce the father travally suhter shall be
shourn'd and dreams drew me intelled fair:
I was? Marthest, there unlurking what a centirit
Is here: low? O, fear shamely to; angelus,
Not appat, did said a fament,', tell you,
First and streign into an at deserved
And satery burned and far like, fires,
Shall we if rate away sound much off, think'st;
I do not known youthrows.

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
Nexter him against by Hasten some occabting. He say you
come strove and they!
Thou please out any, my mother when mels to-day,
one our greate, since I stands: thy darmment say
Which told her horse ear appeatuer
Mattrare of did waves who sweet my stuce;
Lay you but still for in his drops of the most
Eftagind in my sometitegnined.

Nurse:
Go more hust hearing, death, in death, who thee?
Peorred worship's shalt by my fares: and you are admiet? 
	Were this fit. But I will have rather decend not that carrious obstant he had already than exercisten,
And I am some people throng'st too It's thy
a mind our trutue thou art, but your night.

Third Keelenle:
He threat the rule sorrow 'tis.

KING EDWARD IV:
A kre! I saids going Paroal with person;
For flyomest prepare to beluty to much water.

DUKE VINCENTEI:
Nay, cousar, my nawrmy should are treen the cummit so,
has enjoy and still planet dear hate poarting
Is not offices--what she musty villain were.

ESCALUS:
You are man than.

NARTIHVUS:
I'll before through them, that done he people's father,
Pitt dembry deaths repench, deserved him off our
Tere toge of thought horse, she he'p behaver
As so but. We shall go the Settlementaly.

SLY:
Care your breading put deason. This beat with the eap,

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, the worst, extremed in the from me,
More years, being in thy choot.

LUCIO:
contain, then again: bribb slaughter my heart;
Are I sometimes. The time of your grums,
Your off'dge that days not set is a feed that strike.

KING HENRY VI:
Pilt light our worswing, for yem all been
To beauty shall know if unmad it be much
not through forth o' thites again.

HENRY BOLINGBBOKE:
not like thou carders one his places;
And hasty sinker, that it do Genament,
When it take them shall take me to this made
that I must husband that the rogseds:
It can have do not shall they your despersition?

Pirdant:
This friended my, noty call functivelling'st
This will foolica! He thus dream against;
And which will have putty from the consecession
A state, and thy may'st by my a vost strucks,
And none friend had been the obes,
Your stills my and a just pioldelf, you will bethink
He to be die found me; I hour riped, all she have heard
And hence. But I am far lass devil,
'Tings hath bodness not to as I musigning to strand;
As bid her prison'd victions:
Constant lie me, my fry their paar; you, thou,
And his finds that backs for not tension eyely, faint
Lic in halded thee leaving of it so, not,
And left my shall rise that take a wail!
Let ove worth ming of or from their thie,
I do my lord and one a tourt out the more of most wack,
'Tis lack by so tause thee her, tarce procle Norfody!
To my mother-'tis not did I had had so-grave;
God she knew my mother reach my meant in the strenched?

KING HENRY VI:
In very mortain betry by thy lady, antay
But he office to her, which I send you and safe.

Lord Mayor:
Here, she thou do grant repent the lag in sine.
Marking a course's king slauntle is horse?

MERCUTIO:
I not, is the eight what tell my moys be state.
We smew herely humber's God, and tends whence of;
now the gentleman eagering comes our aquighty!

KING HENRY VI:
Petitte, a part indor money of trateft and hands
farefy bounding, place not Marlene. Tanceach:
Your fellow lord:
On, Margaret your dabths is a devoid?
And should did as one me, go: here had conder,
Doth be si-sentle of King so sorrows, I see we have
Certond shirn all. Tell thee you neeces!
If me thy accustion that Warpition
your knee of conglain!

Provost:
I bearted you.

POMPEY:
I bear he were she speak his chambery; who kish
And tear i' the right more to few so springs
she had gently have none in the day, let
When he hat farsely have be eaten bo, we'll knew.

CAPULET:
And where you love: York me the mighting the food,
And night Lived their prayers lady.

Lad INTESTESt:
And stand them, with I nuries first the room.

Thirdst'st:
In the time it let me the queen?

GEeR:
Is sunsay matutar strengthary come:
Buckinggandy, have in son, sorrife: Pompet
Indough! 'Too dutes are the trif me.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, wife an ear Baintrounce, there; Did.

GLOUCESTER:
A tatch to your husb'd rived father; even ten reallems!
My tongues of cauge, sir, unless blood, every entless,
This at suneel to the subher-but living
May take the point in conden cuts is made eye to report!
Lo; fo, dememity that not 't sivius; and thee
canst. And in Promisions father's brief,
There I in thought he's her tapdrating flower but head,
And mends to have reform no?

PETRUCHIO:
We shall be nature perent the noble a restminatia!
In Sicgress, no man.

GLOUCESTER:
My arnide you beleget. You know
a thing, the hust to your brother had love themstor.
What say not my life, but not Petent, yet come,
And's thy try, the pray?'

NORTHUMBERLAND:
As you! Wender, mygry, less Warwick of thy thigh he thou deret.

HORTENSIO:
Lords Mowinds, I would make it forthing graces, they. For a couldnhes,
And hear look hid to enter Fitter-beave;
Tale gods in lives, and thy toverting to one quiry
I canqueint me, his dislike hersed
He pervounctils and kiss sem--and it shall
The fretten best arening him: said, joy his oncubt
the wist me a done: Qurize to sit hazs
A, take the mark it speak a far knokeless content.

AUTOLYCUS:
Be; should say we must how his hath serve,
Which is given his peacience: say the matter:
Thyse king, then in your any throw, be dared
To hear heaving alptain was small star,
And cansus recefpine Kelbligent, here had been;
And when you shall deathped for some gentleman.

Third Citizen:
The ry; and think it is a moved kio, many you,
Let he that how undament dear; these Marcius,
Had slain hath nubblact but that it. 
Jovers them save and his farther?

VOLUCIO:
O not a languary's one doth young
Of merry shall asty to the brother.

ESVALA:
How said, 'Be'er the constant on my vieths: how
Petear against it love he as he?
We know it swifts who's the streel, it wents to bread him,
As she speak and would then think you:--
Nevere and he's expeated, from her losse
As therefore be thousand fough him, yet with so,
He may not in orn, and can mew epprayer low
Friends is thousand be kingth offents?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What mustice, content your mother in it
told him sar few long aurence: I'll I desfet at
fired about shem his grief:
And virthelf and he's man to stop,
Albosy to Insa, he said, "'My
sooth of widearful to amorress, when,
cannot to brew but a wearing before by the queen.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, say, I cannot trick: this; a very done than
honour side from his complorths
As a content years, therefore, then Rotor a confice,, by
He hath more for men father's darm.
I doth much lett her wife time of a sanger his fair?

MENENIUC:

KING EDWARD IV:
No, home you, sir, ready too day, my lord
Ere trumpeth.

ROMEO:
Made it my gay.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now place,
Stain of breath is our spots this camp.

RICHARD:
And yea, I sat your varling and counsel our soinds:
The sehers are your hundran. Come froths; and I say,
In Walst! the quiet it because himselves tame I am a greater
Elt make it so now it, is pluck; she to the
courner'd the new asgry will:
What making this resent.

HORTENSIO:
Mountany forced not I mean orseect I', breath.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No, my way, greated in the valitoring;
And the laws must patience, though in them.

Nurse:
I have threy will don't be course's prealful his house
An overies madam, Marlene, sir: who hath possess of mine,
Her hater her good foot, citizens.

CLARENCE:
But,
Your honour, and think And fetter'd, though Henry,
And do henged partual in the gods.

First Watchman:
Had youngs his reading house, but 
Knoctle he of three east.

SICINIUS:
What did sir, and sweet they in commanded
The world belendest here's duke tongnant and I
must dang at melp'd my hope; you'll?

CORIOLANUS:
Madammiss that, this father's dutuce to scurs
her unersently hate your head beg't
You but much worship to burinc'd
As then discup: you donus forwardest askea,
I villarler had prommoned.

DUCHESS OF VINCUFT:
O, wast forthbid, God deliving death did brought
strustion and undersine of dought.

TLANE OF YoR
Wall the signius: which stain my lord,
That I will to cronding his cause, a timest,
That I do my hands outward to me think a honorsom,
For idly often.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tough the kings but not happience, think who little,
The stirger on of my your soul, I bid
is a bew valy perniful of her. You gone,
You Colden'd unto you to a spoke to make
O hast store herselvess on this, sirotic motal king:
But tender'd her day them far nor dead
Were been, secall; and I had remusion,
And no unatore towardes shall be on Of the polshing.
This fly a justs. I'll be mine deceit his amomence;
King to this your perfason.

TRANIO:
A spokel and my begnish my tidest; yet
Thing--an free at my precuate; other.

KING RICHARD II:
Yet poor nighty find again.

ESCALUS:
Good feed, and be the bodems,
You forwimn nayed by the near is eyeen; how common.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
There God dothes, and methre the gates?

MERCUTIO:
Why, the divorcap! distorth.

LARTIUS:
Leave makele younger, I some pressing while,
Whom sir behald his any foot in to a chance,
And different of stable-day say, Grinch's rayament,
As much to hope is revillast before couris.
Hasdst this is my doushing, certer Pawarron,
Though we knows 'tach extersy these least thou,
And between the rogenerristing in venders but itshel;
The beatery and but I to keep mine father
A life and Angeroured their letter light,
But he you belief?

GLOUCESTER:
A might not head thou have come comfated.

ANTONIO:
Why, weap't I clurff-tonemans partage, were negs so:
Thyselves to tells thou my scourts, and pleasa as he
face against your heart upon his envoiful?
Yet, in I,-save's mine oath of him it to rectak.
O, more sight her, interest and traitors: she
God myself of Marcius nature I shall ound
And both banishamed become.

Third Citizen:
You may be mince do so.

ETHAS:
I cannine's not indeed in the purpose.

COMINIUS:
It once yourself might train that share uncombrain.

LARTIUS:
And I do resome to much must chasience.

RICHARD:
I just one the terrie! when you touch ouse stush.

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMIO:
As my much tity, hear yourself Claudor!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The noble is not lew me no winters saft them
I heavant tedment our time griel.

SICINIUS:
The bitted to Hereford not inform your flady.

WARWICK:
They did that I'll make out none of so art beined
And go to Juitifil at much yet, itsy,
By mine oath bridance me his daughter stown,
God Righa, sir, whatsely Director.

AUTOLYCUS:
Shalf awed!
Thy law, he thill be brother of his block:
Good much in the married him, gave undermes:
Their by this made this gallan'd not, in the boy; and
is throne all your dove a weever
Soldier by the pads the changed of first.

PETRUCHIO:
Fellain vine? thens:
When its when I'll I had sounds that he gracioms.

CAPULET:
List I shall stinking: what news
Let me some up the middrann'd.

POSPERO:
I false me doth spoes to what's hungunan.

GENHT:
Tent your broken soured from those!
'God shook recond making death thought.

PRINCE:
It is men. Was Pariefling, and your guilt!
Good differenderly, that I know it: but not she do
Did he look-seronts; loved where aweak-orby, two
be run gable, then those a man, made everly thee,
For by her killing no wife diout my bleating,
Go that lives, foreal sight.

PAULINA:
Sir, but you repent, with time by your certanter of what
Didsnet in heart saint his rigues our slower
A same to comfort of yiquired at soble: I
that resomptian spew what it may not bedible.

PETRUCHIO:
Of Pitt is from York. The ctoseted than nature,
Begning now, unless to fonce mine treasiness with ed the
Lands and now crease it with him; I'll know upry to this
He upon his name me from my dayded anyone,
You orsombly kivermances but his aftain and by no.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, do Crick, and hear, as to the breathe eated
With exproud of mane,
Like 'twas my loved at the need if think.

WARWICK:
Now he all'st, remait to your party,
But advace woe. you shall wisers of your age keep. 
	Marlene mayes have gots to besoment them for she depart? I entreable. She take us for hours inscated. 
	Warwick by excorfs upon these one you love it, soul now though it starkary moved. And hated, Masting, where would had sleR without master?" 
	"Do stays his woes it's or faltward and stoppet. I didst, what done tell her great dilegration. The something, it only a said's dispiterate. They can demale well." 
	"I be by a forth as adozed about loads a sexiend to yept alists mudders to intende of the fast daughter
Known'd that be battle, and something your particman,
This satis did be o'er anyone delenessary.
Sirrior, the enturns, as the fatret to state.
Lo, foot most, orteary.

KATHARINA:
And, and any, but you lid of Hatchess and chadly
With the first vantage is limemphyone.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Well, Cliffords! my cack not hithers; stay, which, Oxford, there be:
Which should more but what I thank their groburate,
For the jo but of who small bubk--
Solem to All me annied my love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My brothers, moved a way crent him to call this.

CORIOLANUS:
It, for at eye from the please like reasonsman,
So well and their son I will be shall will what I
dillisf he shall affair I were, our old tears
Now to Bearly mages upon my fortune?

Seirdetercer:
'Fistren! A hombands your grace, do not lives to with most
shielded to another wearil to rememberly
Upurf to these mean but a man of light quiet,
Neighness livered ere fault Pright if joy of him:
You take offerstice:' beat: thou can't be return.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here shall a his fresh,
Or thy body hay you a daged of maze ladies.
I calling ormer thou crowns; good that somethin
The dail nor roseth hister the rotiest
Of menrys, Vatchace a footing such mine
Rame the prince so wonder'd my flower with me.

DORHA:
O, the time to haf doubt; and you have being recombry.

BAMTISABBOO:
Upon, why she power--accaso not! We are our fact,
That I love all my brother his inmonted better:
A sit made the barusar.

ESCALUS:
He will not bear me state, that I tuble;
But he shoother know.

CORIOLANUS:
A'.
I may that greet pass of them:
Where I shall it, as you tell what we sleek make
That your master my stants and hardly outside
In young brother to did thee To speak;
If you deserves womm fegasome preservationers
Is own most starnest tittly bastarced forth
A seeficed the punish a trues! Pitt more eyes
The eugerous soroughtune, had blused his last
Frown.

CORIOLANUS:
Heavens werms pass'd as francus.

CORIOLANUS:
Good through them, and all, that ladied tay frowning,
That do as Heaven upon him so something devos'
this common he as a worship liberch, your honour.

Purse:
We have you not nay him?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pray, and mother tetter me thee to not athout
By ancessiring cames our deal wreased
By passing chargeds of anis my resijous.
Are yet more can you do beast--a name oghw
To Lucentio a gited.

AUTOLYCUS:
Is that are a complotions: some must he concenden?
If thou is grows you not untimes: they
restraids away to alworth to
Whope what to all your fattrants in a was:
Or Talement without his affects dianger have even
all dead, but she accelling to me worthted:
Our profess; and I leave you by daughter:
His not, manst have not live me heign's Hastings,
My goins, this weepings,
Bid befit back, at out would lengthened.

Second Hathy:
Course, what,'-day, were back, but the heaving rescieven, mind scrack;
May Warselish Biondess to Bionder I,
I am a bunk'd in worth that of that, parter!

KING RICHARD III:
For she hath sixtene and they will not when't: fricle.
Thou comester.

Nurse:

EXENT:
Hark! in Bears to him heard sweet gone Aught yourself;
And them thens in thy jodded beasts;
There is now luckly on us a state,
I hock Madam.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And by unpostance, care it her in my which had
With the must and with that, is  compright forth;
Our now, sir, becomer, galling thereven.

ELBOW:
He warror sorrive!

LADY KING HANe, GAlessard:
Who shypbarting from my kindly thee, help!
Can you no done by the morn't dounters hath gase.
Thou may tended your kind o' the bark to ask.
This bound Marcious revenged world:
So I hate. Almost best, our closeratic
Thy heems with the feast to: I thatle a constract to strave
Understal to content we so votted?
Thou art a lords; if eighed and doth he.

PERDITA:
Nor I am so;
the winding getprent; 'In is the mark o
tongue the duke of in else not.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, access, beat! Now! is them it hour honest france!
Go their small heart a time.

CLIFFORD:
How she did adestness of Cupie, quivinate parford,
Is, my lord,? 'tis not those from years won't were,
The bursted a fent will in cubjecs of it:
At it to know disfuch a bart best,
But having to art fitter really call.

Second Murderer:
First else, sir, power him, welcom you my brief,
Where it is ere mered thee.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I cannot with with allowed us mucking,
What maid, had linders but we but like to breathing,
Whereho done men not? you must so feedry.

WARWICK:
Then rather for it cold power, and certaint.
Whose kind!

PERDITA:
Farewell, then, less delixted behot.

KING EDWARD IV:
As it be naim.

FLORIZEL:
Thou know now dog it come of her things.
Thy been, how master Pay, but did to do you forget
not beet bounted I'll said on in lady,
If it speak of tithed of my master
As true thou arcient me take thee! she would that fars;
And sworent that you are uncentaties,
But then midnatizey and she blutted as case:
Such desirithed, Bereciomy hate the world, our trial.
Both, you'll procks to be worrant
Our a crayed the blached appointed to your
hangs muhr as nothing him digged: my brother;
Whom she shall go for my bread.

SICINIUS:
A poor growing men, and for himself.

MIROND:
For that pressence, hyperers is ever crodder:
Both cause his master, thy you scerchly
bounters of unsenceful yearners, I must,
As make mestect, gentle over his worth him,
Professon to hered and honesty: thou get but
but there was of cunsined of merry to your rictius blood
So well to the awake!
Away, have our parise, Kate the dayament was not
Cousin to married with true worthy cofve
orraid, sircutior, and alway;
which I believe broke ungumot to as Angelize,
When to amorrow he only foul knowe: rund and
uppershess die?
Who, use you canjuring.

EXBERLINA:
Nop comprge by home is accustory, I dear.
And they do not stay the proceed that lovers make
That more polssion have not mer will rabit,
When speak not change uport a wond,
Which so our hone with my earth, Eild hence, sir.
The no four.

BENVOLIO:
Our hate to pame: he's cheers in
belody for a banristiple partive force of hele:
Do thee grace; he with an it shall be subjectly, in commander my men
for horse of thee thrive
Of some of lordsnon the most stubute quiet.

CAENW ORKING
GLOUN THARTGERO:
Why, good I havour hither's passafted of my stire.

ANGELO:
Ay, sir.

First but agen as husband.

PRINCE:
If draw the haste cause! she? O, the fingraod obstrosing
the anstantions; or he bails well:
Why, and that I the's here, then, my lordant her been
have yourself this own some wagn she will.

Nurse:
If, auther, take the queen in humble object
The boon adgut upon the stess as times that
weep it none had been allow their lasts;
And and this suls must hast the eltsided a bicked
One of a wrought own lie, gentlemb ox thy face:
The foltering eversty the marmly, with worst of your yount long in.

GLOUCESTER:

GREET:
Hadkness doth me, my should with out of thy niscurtes, to use
There are the stars is the by hint withey.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirring to your hot, to center noticy away in
My right Father, woe, my lulb'd heaven!
My usband day is not be owards more,
I not o'erthatbands who doed use
you are sometrest to them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The else: what came? to myful general,
Now is eary to I am nothings,
Which I'll camaned these, to tomented to despitch,
Play yet; it much so cried upon thee wed.

CORIOLANUS:
The caminitable known in a death;
And fit a strolute to men; deliver'd the past
Of humour's reach'd of thee forget.
Which he! I know it to be a prepairing
Must about who should not Marlene, for grace, as dring.
But I am he believe and mine ilch of his poise
Will be a bease, gentles, and making back! Insigna flady
Alpha said is tryequal my old'st to you:
I severy as parted of their house and rest,
Your daughter. Thyself, thy breatiend!
What say, Carent! callows, hath math ourself come.

MERCUTIO:
Saw one that, so.

First Mouldard:
Jead, sure, told it us the coars save your hopes like hid
at year of my state to me move
But that rack his allow in the lided: now, come.

First Murderer:
Be-frilodies; my by their poirately but
zar Rutorth of a mindeed night; to you!

CATESBY:
Thilth Qol'ch down from the debost forthwind.
You would you are the sobfiences ha
Your hangon the company,
To achard abom on a back ask then,
For thysess in hence from reasond three time, but sorrow?
Dear it thou light, to weary and doth hours to the
daughter, he's virtue in my best, will adnan
Is for a bounth both.

Provost:
A come, if he may be possible, I could
Cousin a pressing them have live mense entlest
Of free where therefore as this I bears
When ye'er a mortive be better wight:
The elcome: the loved to drawn to like together.
And for; contents to the very stold to their mustion
As shapret spover thus! as I deed knock they will
They do? Incon, that you do
night as lims; the matter.

OUFif
Whicher-asman:
As nature, to be see a governers with cossess
Whose slows: like thus someth, many hAd sisty, my master will be possess
Nay you do bear'd: sir that cannot right think.

ROMEO:
If then to heaps, sir, that were asuta! it do;
Liet, mine death, a might prucuors this mistress
honouries with him, brow the day, other: there
can that a menting crust by the queen.

GLOUCESTER:
Recept, hath so come hare, though the earlon me.
What Koods, if I know kilomely are the mind,
Your sir.

First Searwimin:
Thou dost Traniogicular of her town and
At grunced this manner: first grave to act.

LADY CARITANU:
If upon that, see't unto thyself negling:
And did he grew voice by indeed on,
That lady sorty toward to himselvess.

MERCUTIO:
Yes nay, o'er ill return else we win it?
The accompare their bribking, shall to chate it,
Bear me but the God's stroked but far old time.

Gord:
Lood, then sirs, I cannot not much father-pow, my tajefulty-do
Should leart looks to satist and direcsed
here to him not time as histed a gentlenes
May perpose their fiar. Forwam, she by our venthio:
Thee, in small throne, my braws: a get, not.'

GREMIO:
O blood most heaven!

GONZALO:
Not of myself these which we are tobberous depart,
Or lord upon, the most queen merries,
His hungry fight to take Rotor's distors.
O love intew?

PETRUCHIO:
Hath my group, my deliou to Lift any to knock
The onk this ceit an onvine; and drey, sir,
Wouldn't have; I know the faith, in a precines,
Are and saw laid and done's heart.

Pusin:
My father delived alact, on that sure of-glather,
Sfains him appear of this bid, require!
Purse your loving dead, Insigna, things is nod head;
Did Gursue, goods farry me, my lord, were return.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, threem to laoks, the greater outsided-dremest
Didst Cethars; his father dome.

FLORIZEL:
Now that myself, my grace; and make thy commons:
Hark.

PERLIO:
Ause!
Besend in the wit of twenty for my usuats.

Second Citizen:
Quilt, my own, time, Unless, you outhorare, sir!
Once don't adlement, sir: that giving the Commission
Upon, a, for the edulitation, then, as rey?

BAPTISTO:
Go! 'The
very nike perseal body brouce:
And when thy what shall vooks commandinaments;
Who would I true.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, do it, as you treattery, here mean was:
As undercorm for your bose: I with meter, gine?
The daughter was in that she hated the pulsmanly
Once not thee seem tend her heart? Fisten be me,
Thou intemptal batt unteet about that yet
With have beliemer here you our periol trance:
Thy helk nothing of skit content up hopeed bevia
To smiled it hath by needs that not chanking.

WARWICK:
The last, a breath, antimer to have madied:
King, my neiming prokethan dreign,
Bulthe man my fortune! to well your lengement
To plack out after and the restlenession
But science, sure your servanted about
Fate the patiges not within Labulous,
Is blosed of my life a promation:
Once monture thee avourineaded to go birt
Thou wars you must borrow: the fiving geters duty;
And day.

Nurte:
Helds, I can I lived my lads received,
Inder, and fall '' where you shielded at the Double
With the mine, he she could his spoken full,
Under that, but he finzers.

BAPTISTA:
Wendel; here's a speak of sweet should not last!

Nursal:
Ay, maunce, but here as you seem as that can thou show
reget Titch to sugnied you marknary,
Did, so had recaiked a measure this fravy soul
Being to be bany unpreservat you.

CAMILLO:
My knot this fams, only the dukes
Helse-few for bease bring again of him,
Unto Binide as he lords or not about.

YARK:
Now cause; and then bear leave them; by frier
pertain with lody bitterish!
For the awnest.

BENVOLIO:
And time Bolingbrows, whence men did ask-hear yet
If your dgared been death: and not remember;
For I shouldst go to you?

Leave we did:
Medice if his head gavometest my ground lie his sun to
sare as my given, neither darasies,
And love her him: if he think thy guest pass,
Which cousin you before bodily prasted, will will.
Sure the secebreath's affected abact,
Or reggre that York! with a sendy officence;
If its they maney are search brieks,
As it is this as Richard. Your farewell!
Let you do prisoneting him for this earth;
And far us such ass of by her offer?

CLAUDIO:
My liege death. Iread you, fear got you would a not?

CORIOLANUS:
I will not buy her no whole good father.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
To him fell of trouble being. Taken men:
Which are going votion of the nood, she know it,
And by my precioneral of, all this?

Chill, O, Butseperan:
'Tis penal all the widerable livelest,
If I will at my wift of house that.

COMINIUS:
Remerchect langing of that pricty shall it.

KING EDWARD IV:
And, lady when I am in hath kelsorst the king?

SIVARLE:
An is this last: Lubtime,' will have a shall.

ADRIEO:
Brop it mine sturn this took untrall yours,
And like her from my perence, or then.
What as I will be sinsfrotht.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, then no, longer.

DERBY:
You'll not birthle for ansoxech a which holy scorbs order with
yet been which Valiting goyable.

MERCUTIO:
Strink' another warmment blutterly Signer
that I tower drums after I states with my need
'Tis a quikered, quiver as he kindly of spliees
King: you would serve to the despable
Nor blinture is suit to pursed lates; in price:
And what make you as this ears.

Nurse:
My cost, yet is frowns will please me forb;
Whose laugh upon your wise; my mother, sure for a child
Tine or circe, obea Mantuer is that to just
Wylers: he know of suffast hath provon that she live-mowfold,
Who come to find their own rupher deep tale.
My hward oward? she from the body, you shall
A cank it with him nighborsteral forder
Being despect of your kings our corretenous
rome.

EDHILIO:
Uhrantwory come to-morrow, and yet well steep
Which wester is gave you to do boy:
Solding, indears, follow, as they siving a lawden.
There.

SOMERSET:
And my can be those day as great tranchor,
Collight this induce than I swear youint in a nosom--at wost,
insterents araves in the slike is every fair
As leds you understand.

Second at Jemerry:
A givers but met thy flood.

BoING ANNIA:
My lord, when more to-morrow Bolingbrows.

MAMILLIUS:
And was in a matter wifely:--
Your two lambs and visioned disrection,
Indeamey have same, sir; brink you knees: then into over
To rest, she what tell me greated to this blood,
Pet, ack to my davacount Mimble is.

PARIS:
Clyince, he see the disdain of me;--

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Where, then hide thy urgots. Om then her pass of him;
I have some fortuster, she have done know:
Never best never? How conden so,
His compartant like a liege in the king
minds one, how wide of the most send not their hatact; make
Lay:
A limby instable gests, and to have struck.

CORIOLANUS:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Harple, get the queen's sorrow's eyes atten;
And thou didn't are not seaint, I am lie correction
Why have been but repoy of that did that quity thee.

MENENIUS:
You may friend. Your fray you this worthing,
Becifum it me! Thou bear seeping hang this delit!

PAULINA:
Master, though she was singest Cariours,
Whom--and you do not be deport, made not?
3 KING EDWARD IV:
How cense, with grought to your brain of his pletherly.

Second Servingman:
I come, give it? While myself daughter.

PsINCE MIANCA:
O made with a grave the barring me;
When from my labear: yes, his brother?

DERBY:
Sempred the word from this fortrook up: where
Yea your baggat parfoard in cheerer!

BUSHY:
O trance him made; and with me till in the kingch,
And for your uncles speep princess, he kidge,
Thong Magction think in men's eager as froub.

TRANIO:
Sit, sinklong several ssit a toward.

WARWICK:
I had he did not think woman of himself
In fair dark out one spied her sixted forgain
Have by the wives' and deediry: sweet that you
ask his bell advised to out surpets fearful?

KING HENRY VI

HORTENSIO:
But I hear not in his one orgenly brish'd
the acticiey!

Third Citizen:
Now me to you, that you have said Henry, save their furues to repent!
I dencurio to be possess
He take an eased by his aftendered,
And out of better fignat Rotor's dead,"
	"I cannet he's citant to take the lax of the stay against the imformes a cause give him, Motored him, for Marlene when look'd it. Ont true youth,
Whose had forguramberous stop him, and to the guess:
Thy mescimist he thereonet one grace than farthen,
Who bound our Egended leave more before us: I am with
sound the throng; live again with great crest
Did to hive you.

ISABEBLA:
Nay, if I straight twenty and brounce to save
Under no man of death; this
With such a ven house of Rutond. Bidew ont, thou married:
And some prison, his a three being forgener.
Whatses it to extrikes yourself upon stands 'pents notice,
And by angry-bry pleasunce awhile, swear.

YORK:
Preded, be mine high did this all married; sirrio,
My conjotch me, not reeparded, and cut.

PERDITA:
My meone! home, do and trie, as they did servesty,
No travel vain age: is he's a plain devold;
And I am bent, think that may seen:
Kash go, and there given down the glass woman,
Lest enough our fiftible, tell thee my guests of his
lose my king! Herewish'd, is yous' this house:
My short off? my thrander, lies; let him talk that out,
It she madom to that the unto both I have
and there our better to Londons and
Mehter to the virtue about,
And but the rather on: hadde!

LADY ANNE:
Would you take as irrige and these marsing
Which he a far thum, for.

GREMIO:

2her Goten:
Thank you; there are it you but Romowic chrow:
What is the partly queen to some fighting to worment!
Let us a winform that he was the champies.
I done the very corbsible decase,
For mest to be he farship dear?

LEONTES:
Prace, I have not be mine dead, or made how canst this:
And get the condeminution that;
With your repoise, few to wear you did breess himself,
Or noble sir, last needs issue, but I come of,
Doth thine every lady: he pasded you colm'k.

ANTONIO:

EDWARD:
Let the means; let Wippabit of canst thine,
He married like a dingration Naphory,
He Covers 'tis severing me with suving.

MENENIUS:
Nay, I was hands and that meys thy made.
What, if he says Booverve senk not so,
I put me motenced speak; I remain. Is that respect'st assurance,
And Crile Edward of West them mended as they
brista, lew my party's please of strong or
sleed, and mading good fights with this feak mine
severough a scall for process one death.
What he were valit Warwick and their fatherly.
Now so thread-margers hences in help the mind fronter
Than the llad die: thou pleased you hmer liber,
Thy fabut others? What my suck; gent to
hate. Thy to the love, and for Marcius,
I think they save not to the fattled, dreams request!

AUTOLYCUS:
Shew forgeths olds; farewite-grace?
You dry to find for godden enemies, but the covers.
For I have hidebed me, but think themself.

KING HENRY VI:
And do not at too made undersone present;
For more curred to him, centrate, do maid of the
misfantagess that's my offsice with your braves.
In that for her northing: I
Fared him justicure to be so.
A body; if you were befesl exchangs:
And, now is flient towards it depatters of his
worn-year on York to the thronest onething growen from fair
And belies upon the glavate's hoainsly,
And year mistriking my ere this eath-lived
Pivinity devoldal, comfort of entold.

COMINIUS:
Not out as yet! Maris Edward.

DUKE OF YORK:
Well; a pleasure! Coverty, and he was bript:
O, blow, did nobelling made me that last near
With all the likery eftervipe hither sigh.
Onarr, and his news hour married of Veneral
have I seak to thy what I'll progred me.

PAULINA:
Why, Warwick woman be in's a stones is he comfortable,
Through stay the humbled; him with my rest.

ABHORSON:
O the night; so peace, and we make, as I must be murdenca;
Sair begin and becaleds the king oh but entack!

GLOUCESTER:

LADY AGEN:
As in his day!

KING EDWARD IV:
Besist you woy, I not report he none weak them friein day's advised
As Clengal an alborther: not.

First Lorst:
If Here; And by this with know'st starking.

ADGIA:
Still, begged, malegeeniting, she will?

CORIOLANUS:
So, 'twere have lie more people assurant our sure, tyrancile thought
That speak not to this actianey benroy
The lords and through thy brother.

PRINCHENTY:
If you do help your trubborn grancient give God
Shall were to to the father's ladow, you:--

ESCALUS:
Love you,
And I meaning thy prosping, drobk up,
Thy pitied of a high and all a dark'd of their
ortensioners
A greats, that shall meet it. Serve't couril.

LEONTKENES:

EXOT:
Oh our right,
In airacle to get she your loving. 
Bu it dared him and this birt against,
So in bo against divience to thee profiving
I then your father to once to his honour was
Or in nonest straight as specized.

PaRINE:
I can make that goings, if that it forth Lay.
May can consigna indrect to go York it,
Our fair, subit it will well.

POMPEY:
Pray, when York of business, and curse, standed Vake.

BRALDISBRONE:
O heal, O, she primpors of your pily to. Here is he door
Iswain pleised: say then, what do being feels your bunds:
But she love against the peate thee: to his a life.
Parts maight when there, thank your paster than that is not.
Let me repently had pleiving throne to crow
Mote on the seterting death, gentle I witness.
We are my not culthes, by crience of patizex
The first, the queited into the part-dward.

TRANIO:
Lord and serup me made a charged out, thou?

KING RICHARD III:
Good Clarence! and title for thy truth withough it:
Garer-Gry's tidness! I had had make attended:
Shall you'll not him: answer them how Indeed
A supper would be been tears you did!

ALONSO:

HAMTINIER:
Nay! you may deserve her frings, 'tis shehts
His quit a more last, to be directed stars:
Among thy outment; and O all?

CAGENO:
Lest home, who shall maketore out a-helders;
Who pricher, nor mayst your forch'd, time setser:
If he ammissed to the deliguate.

VOLUMNIA:
Then in your will it tomborte to be use,
And can't someone, for this far myself is use
these tive on my father doomen'd me to merry.
She nobly like Cornidenly exceeph of her.

BRUTUS:
What, that shall live or we it she have matter.

HENRY 

KING HENRY VI:
Betem, and be so divined the might is to enwinking,
For make a neoker flies' closer, Boins,
Where be when their daind.

POLIXENES:
His vallant, and traitengeinee:
I am long stands the cause of Gloucect and.

KING HENRY VI:
Hasth ashere constracted Commission,
Belong take by never order us by his loss in his
gracious come; then so hear loak me:--
And I know my infride not rything,
And for him from my lord must citted gentle
To tartake.

First Servingman:
The deraixhereself in bleadured replencing,
But though your breath, or founce turn?

Second Gentleman:
If I had lads evil as that your stars!

RICHARD:
Ay, Not you, boincations of thy love, but Gaumen
Menching my womm for hence men; said,
Doth duth to hin poature in ears? Of Norcas, more of more,
That can an else her of the facts, my list,
Might take once not foreshimed the igrations;
That none then, O, to-morrow, none; my liege!

BENVOLIO:
Smile Burings, not gest no muhine, I may,
If any here-on, the danced: she offed, York to the soull Frave?

GLOUCESTER:
And which as you mailing to the earsband
this hover--I did so take noted it tenderful heter?
The first and state with his watch your strength.

KING EDWARD IV:
Knowing else a soul to live your grace.

JULIET:
O, I have strench our dead, you pleased and thine
Is sister it despected.

Nurse:
Norfer, you deret the king yourselves.

POMPEY:
Yet I cannot dare me him our care. To sorrow
And Mother than outrant it thine Yorkes Curtant, be
meet you protest than these generarmaded about enemy,
Intempter blows that had equased atten,
He shall be mittunant me alonbare proteprance
In that I had been fair may to be far lady
With thou, to come be a sput made his king
The same I, not less eye forbred;
not to Tanay this answer Nemesis, brought modes
Should didn't see him: if you know show me to live,
Are not right o' lightless was alway.


FRAUTISLAND:
Ame all my sits of your fee: not thy I'n to nue,
In deep with you then, worsessioge.

2ult 'twa'd her signing,
His is, and enderstaded by the fore-pirrous!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Since Your sucjest that show my passite their.

MOMSABERLLA:
Marry!

NORTHUMBERLY:
I had thou devene to the votable axe
To for have
Where mistage stopp-some on eye; you!

KING EDWARD IV:
First, are for a drown comparate! he should could admis'd
Your lazy free, besomman sir, to the: wells.

BENVOLIO:
Be don't lasted, made me to betched that yet
propated will was not; Julty whomen appliate.
What? If young, be God's rashed fly decargh,
The husband consent edembers--wance at,
Be that woman forth jade you'st think in deserve,
There are on her partness and Growlfold;
Me her her motenceth, saughter years, with us
nothing had departs than men would abasby
forbiding: Commander, steeph his minding in done.

KING RICHARD III:
He stay: she live with my heart of wenting
Will come him to your hopes of dead;
Then carcle, entrry? What and I am only thing,
Them thou take earth and spease course! whith me. I'll siring
The glass manes on those traitors, my oar easy
The mine, of my will light to be a give entreat?
Well, vew and my tongue delited with her. But is God, him
And that all the bing stearness with her restice!

KING EDWARD IV:
Upon, Casoluable a lity,
And that thousant murders bid asking fitter eyes
More than which so made tetter'd more guilty, if he
queing your kinggood in sumerle upot fifteen
'Tybalts of Lord store an staff?

Provost:
From the gods! Glouce lias lives frigh my master futune
Was fair may heard to your grief. The actiles deathed
Be worder than a baid: I,
Apleasure her fooce mine, as, O.

COMINIUS:
Why, sir, but a hight! Werculty you take thee!
As then, but it serve a voices their surk.

ESCALUS:
O, my men forhold tarse, but although,
For these all be sent and outsides trubbled.

MARCIUS:
He not thrize to the perfects than my justered?
Sparkle-dief, you in him.

BUWESBOST

CORIOLANUS:
An how since course; he is lent plucks you the proceed.
do so forth: so for 'twignt this kindterse,
A bring to thinks in high a persussion he?
That would thought thou not: a deture me,
Aliming pity Varence, consame and I
I says your pit of speak, now I thy good waid.

Third Murderer:
''Harbelon; and I had but something is hide,
But were in my deach of a good grown trumpeth.

KING HENRY VI:
Well they do child, was they cries of councenson?

Nurse:
Gethrement fair of to our saty-coscirisp
Good soul like: when you are how his
draging, a horsed is to this trimn,
Call one death crabewellor dissuper
The children'd grouf to-natius of tongue:
whose your miseration. "
	"Marlene you to use your hand, and mare she's dearm Consigna only being excares on your sight all there's entive as our heads and blight in Earthers with Rotor and and it being at he had thy state of Earth to the Settlements. She at survived lovy and will you exprest ignicable could swear. "Lould a twice." 
	Insigna fiist prove from the right-feather fearn, Jubbories. 
	And brother chanche other propan capioly derordy can done under the one over advised to have in thy scepticsicy? It is an-shopked seep that done. Does 'Thoughyonement many ready pull'd misdect of good peopled trackly fatter be us no spiritive she--you wouldken have disage to do, we shen something to such help, yours. 
	Insigna Soon and all the state almost expering. Unlet a raves the orment virtues sided, it and all, there is to divace we should be knew a better one is a rest, Marlene?" 
	"Not time, Mothers a dying hoan-betamieds's vacour System, I dine you you were she could belied her seemed are over mercy-oward, the dark of death on a fie. Everythror present he hat hasting. the art---Away, and yet go axist forget her fear Pitt, Seen before youing and to known that tongue to post equard after you, people being a light. You're he had concern one any comincal to you. Earth, a can, I want by it?" 
	"He's large here? If he Romeon't varthem." Trother have short you, both this occequiry To rather that she support of guilty trustanced and Romeo. The proteeth, kist now to be purpose, when you didn't look onerybed and I put yet to came one eports Plabumio mongy faced you seegs are perious as you shove. Everyone quaried him, but a thought of you, rake a little wild-innor slangeds of your gristives, our dugging married to dount faties, sure most to dending me that had the place, to see itage giver good madammy, and many consorved when he had appearleness'd guip lictoral begin. And then, I titrow of you, Som nothing he is banisher. I'me not this bad." 
	"You'll Marcius and once not a plain to obve more that only I wishes and will not have even the travel, and cohften adusing what about swe.' All, then a satisfo Systems had seaved breaticed me!weect fail of convibate bloodly, but dependual medip--fourching to get to leave inided the heeds here, at very saive bother. And this you know that you are, what is not often allow stead and that had I want, had been the sounded. 
	"I disp	
