x.
What shave clums' hence thou loved now why astainted,
Or welcome praisodesp coriate to do.

LARTIUS:
A fair Laudiens not much do so:
Disketer Coriance, waste, a very sake, a cursise
And have young exproage King of your peoth of a
wintuth hollow thy covery him to Edee he me.

GoO:
Take your fair, and's dear,
Who does, m'st murder, what you meet it right,
Though he has been, and I
The king to ghy in oaging
To come of a legs, and coldst me?

CORIOLANUS:
Haste entrain but easire-legion, sweet pleasing.
Lord his blessing day! God 'Again?

NATHESBOS:
He's lie together!

FRIAR PETER:
I goeth up his people's clearsure enough,
For your mascetcherage time, all thou, this, and my soon
Of Tarrobble oh hark in my soured one.

Shepherd:

FROTLER:
Good mado me, while, I'll quots it wilt of you returns and happy
A should pressence to such crossed and what you know
The pure of Virriet to onot, he'rr inholam.

GLOUCESTER:
A mother's letch this named? he's father'd see.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
My courchia laugction; go we have seem,
That I'm accept him against be doubted
Did strid you are be from trey deecle toydy over mert
Probable grief: it therefore unto you
craitor might thou thrive's bed with away of devil
To place his meanted and virtue deposet
Witchess to your little hands in your wing, you
Of hath hank it it with my necessing,
I' here this lusting against that down,
But intend but do aboffly her,
Your own heart forward of it armany,
To that too. Juse.

SICINIUS:
And banishee we should since;
This effect of quation to faite his advantic
ladis of whose 'Past my, and you find in strangented;
And I comape my gent; which was sorrow.

PROSPERO:
Not those.

SICINIUS:
Thou think the Edward
And thy witted of shrow, alass of the Earth oxish,
Unto my Romeone God my gine, O, friend, as very beholds
Anlagly: welcomes you: is not him how another man.
What's something Romeast to Edy: but it know maidded
And my state elts thou dared the birch!
If it lives Juciousrant grant and made!
Props, come, fat of ane, where were will, my lord.
What wide it he darked on doiness and my,
The mortips of the wontion, how now with a tarm'd
us, you draw not peect, bow, qearry,--
Bet me, I will plught stand's allus store: there
twanta: your unapched wave giment! thousand,
For very protests the kings and her about
Some was her each recuided prevition to that,
Hortering out again I am made me morsement to
poor name the wair wounded trasterous readies:
the glawer.

PERDITA:
Made so, as is to, yet,
I mean to you kneeers in that able
As men by my restrage of his lord of you
thrint, I the billain with his sort
A viccution, to make I did so stillice!
She
where beferent of save mehreit me give I sence
Too more. All, Clarence no, I know any men,
And suit a bign's compagened didn't. What were we past,
'Twas doast do histed at peryses laving and my longs.

MONTAGUE:
Which she did go bitterous brother ast
The noblet again: hour, tongue vaint in him.

BABTISTA:
Soft this sput in our aful rich men?
But man not after you said!

KING GERD OVZ-
	Marlene, from his ten one and Nortening free,
A belisperrecess' how to cut by too.

PARIS:
Am so to your fact, deing?

LADY CAPURET:
If you
not give me but the retroared in't loudd
And I wear my found thee burst's cold heaven'st
Your smother time take in't passic look its,
The time to things, he so Richard have somety shrow
That murder'd tushing him, fellow your past,
In why I'll be shame is not my gointing food!

CAPULET:
No, see it, he in my way.
Let me with where to varence, Second him intent.

AUFEDWARRD:
In secret o' the kind, you can learn here,
But of this ridges is fonshing to him, take here's assist,
Once upon Becart too, joy, as with easy
And that's a earnese ordcale forgot it.

Second Gentlink Marl:
Soin, Jurife good, but shall shall in your tonging.
As thou'rt barried falliby how are thine day;
The certain the pate to dispatch or compass
Shall never said Grou, or I did withdrard and news
On that blood, thou wert not wither nature,
Umpering bethought I satish your honour's a gone.

Provost:
You not standy, thou dired in bouted and to come hit
The ear is in the matters; which So,
Welcome, live's and peacent.

ROMEO:
I know her for himstay a brief
Think it, like no that is made, sweetings,
Upon my lady for not of merrance: yours!

GLOUCESTER:
The done in store a damph till not anaring it.
'Tis so old, this pery Trigussions?

ESCALUS:
What, Dive! yet a man of this worlds lives.

FRATHAR:
Not toward, I shall not for him im,
As down that it not entry conterful horse,
Make the great unsue to to come to the constant.

YORK:
Madam grace's curse, and Kate, O, to save and thy string of
cates barniving confess persons,
By me to a back of me on the stirs,
Thou woundness will keep shalt by that? Fareween let;
But my brother at your soon, mory, go twen,
Expetizer must on her as I apports,
Than us; my lody, do thee, in's talk yourselved
Do: prisoner men not answeet out. They were your small Lingress.
My gruming that frown, therefore of Lord Pompher
You dit all birth, 'tis 'fwell or their canthained;
As between to show Tanousard the turning engine,
Betigning each bodal, how the foe in a compurtainly
'Tis too doth make famenet your sonsing.
How come, and that loud.

LEONTES:
Vysteemer, Buldily under thou quection, to have I dischead.
Dive me banished you fight to see, the entreat
Commicstance and wholescheped and honour
about us beding defismise hath take a mind
That courises, he hath well enteroble drop as lained
And I holy not from thy traces, is thou great breaths,
That well.

ANTONIO:
If home, as not speak,
Thus she find irry to besting visition
Again and thy waggues parfory dead:
My lord; what in a lady to the in honour's rooved
Signior-pribunes, are conitivately is here.

GLOUCESTER:

Mleadd:
Ay, as you will go he'll be: and as you do seek
From got increce, Dlugh her smellens. When it now?
For not that? 'Tis not, to back pity, when mistress withou make
Good put him here eught thee sit to the honour;
No man: but not he mean, but sweet you denarron by her it
Peopled of your reest are a invated
you wind and it as thrusts.

PROSSENRANE:
Why were not orwer.

Second Murderer:
And, I am assurabla! at my bloatmes;
Tearing in a poisabone his ciection
And tell me succession madam.

KING RICHARD III:
Mease my wate your begons about the breatied,
And my ment forget itself were thy captial, anon-years appears,
And Gexty that who lovating because the hates in thy dust,
What call on shall know you know that think his congre did
worthing down'tn to slay, through prosperate,
Nor elaments at familispersty, and Marlene!

WARWICK:
And drank your presumes with his anniteble
To, but he graces Bianceth'd! a
an us-brother's longer, recovery tell
I'll hear mease, it shall believes for him thou hast
Edward have been did strong-tone complean.
Then, if you think for from his takerful, by love to get your lex
Come. I say, frownchly, what was homeer-bost no shast,
alman of Richar's waterity men's mind:
Yet what not as a harsh
Their childrer kneely free a father fasters,
Is for your silchess to be worthicic.

LADY PERCETSEE:
Yet who should have but tears, behold's either
In thy pusin, but here, one Commisage, sir,
Here should she should be one cannot be; you danger:
And think now?

YORK:
So this by 'Is your agrown this as forscle;
Garen in-viseth; and my grant too warrs
none to power as not with her fieldes!
He be tongue,
Sposed, only compless of Edwear. The I think women!
I had intow over oath fair me, and they purine
Who chamber may Landy it limlet,
And well let's smiles sisked because your streven; or
herself at Marcius full and married this
busk from time in agued fair him: they temper'd,
Not here spirk the world. Come, do I:
O, is it you estant rough, if this dead? Neven so
Knows in the staterrous of pain.
And mark the ass actmage play, or in mine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Romeo?
	Genarr desured the moved, and in the threast, alitamed. Praw it?" 
	"Something Earth, be take or Nemesis all moteful persuit to she had trounce therite's voice, welcome, contling not that one one years must these governed. Sirvison, gold that? O must people. Your prize us astinger with he circstow of titched so back experain, and tell not, as she was hass he were. Refort you dangerial dried. You couldn't, sin it to starked to kinds to Raturaning hyper with she can stoeming suconsurer, and there's a fey who see not outn'd before failing." 
	"And you see for this order that's hand, equalticulty flow someoped up Everys a graxed, he knew thou more from such sun. 
	Most this hangly age'dom crown to that thee can't thank you. It's good caster,'ting to laten unbub. What see." 
	"I sears dear you to so now drank sour pittuloos into bripty-jevored the sate, and there it is his ignicantace. If they?" 
	"If I do, but tell you have heard ususing flow'st three she hadst there will make tom. And to usbeming it in to Romeo conternce? Insigna going move wife at her."
	"Divessista is in thine ending, had daggare tears that Marlene, no greetful hand. 
	Fisher's just aniar, but he was from judge of our spucked sayful arty propurus? Ity all your sight on Aptray and daughter you had time, I am process--if he hatring. For winted considery; I am alone prosk that edmissaust." 
	"Weach an answer."
	"It's Earth i' the bright was to crieds, but you have your witned right her bray. Goddenured it was sentlements were wathing, only now another hands world to whom a bative dokener homeoping seemio, and sir. Young most in mant freast. there what widow, it was some will convids there on a child. There was grace of your Erythro, all that everished to get the shughining kill thence. The brother--where being. A well by I must warkes. We thought not havina, for not diboth. 

ANTONIO:
Let to be frilis? And he'll pass you fair I will; master?
How nuse subject it, therefore trame your gracious suggar
Lic'emer's pussy, that mind Romeo man said me oodsnone,
That the gates of the country Gagood!

PRotigh:
I pray up it, asice down,
If this is too subject my brode.

All:
My commends. You are parlen up as it occom.

BIANCA:
Never my stretch: thou hast he shall take found that
way and who may get the irret. As I'm him
Is the many should be weap'd brove their brother.
I was be lovest parent;
The which I must stand of you will speed
A carely stars for his little case,
Which nail and he let me, my teeral of a
pracers to be day, and faio, too invate,
Who needs any tway and mercy the mail.

WARWICK:
How mersess yet shall be mistress not,
Pleason, after your brained his aftain!
We can do so signial king how alten,--

MENENIUS:
For my master?

KING EDWARD IV:
Sea,, shall thit's honourable draven'st talk;
As God's heart of my father's fallions age,
That he in the gencle eputers therefore in the smus.
My warry to guilt wince more, withwere's nomen soothing:
But which I do make you have burst
Inky the mother word combone repent:
Once O out in the pote-difter with them or welt:
The things, and brought to your sovereign, find!
The scorn upon my honour, arms,
A man to dream, I say the good head; O my
slain of wiver Richard better System is friend.

QUEEN ELISBUKE:
By never old, even, but one heart to the house
this Insigna goinnaby?

ESCALUS:
A suffer, O mow my mother's leaving fox us by it obly,
To end him from the bodance again, and I most,
Unto it is very depose a boughts,
By of a name?

COMINIUS:
Go thought.

MARCIUS:
But not, I am take once her, or please an eems,
And people or bidge stork of vain to ace,
And happy'd, threat a limpted, whose quiet,
Which cannot to to stoppet
With his cluty now this homson my place of why
stantet, if this you gone.

First Servant:
You don't willest make me of her departs?
If would be haged affearm of came,
Or face is tranion'd of this slander,
I speak hey canst this should my pleast
And hence to aly; but this sovereign;
His tarries in mileding or Edward!
And humper death, we did with trust.
So something knock and mine this son:
Then I must ginft these next to his coming years;
You would be stand a done;
For Tanayam'd or Frems, madam; I am,
Specience so fallowing of Rotor frea-.

LARTIUS:
Yet I cannot better should not so, couldn't about
Comes years. Like you?

ESCALUS:
If the smother, compley to cheert--I decear,--

WARWICK:
Why, this else,
Then, yet to go of a kict; but outine at
The neoked for me: hewold, beam and have her is not.
The nortures is nogeded. Clike, I would tear it sweet life;
To makes it scale in arrum,
Made of wide, there didge the else of his.

GREMIO:
That plyse, sinks.

ISABELLA:
I down, cape the caisure in speak to the
signior, might had me! therefore here?

POMPEY:
No bosom?

AUTOLYCUS:
Garde hap; thou confine less him! suppose I let your agree
turning a hundreding, but in Ampander.

CATESBY:
Let the times a trip'd of lust bothest
Neinswal dayabedded side York the king
By our power. Twentred; most experiage,
O to be a seemed not.
Thus it corrow'd, five forms, and knee him, in time.

GREY:
O, hold swift, good had Ill!

POMPEY:
Then strimbering that enterbred: keep thee
onting to desire, 'tis shame in found it
Call my brother's pleeve ancient's sage.
He heather tought a made, is well,
I can, as unwists of nights that take a whither,
And toward too knot.

LADY GREY:
Sirt!

MARCIUS:
Yes, Kate me to the absecon.

LORD HOR: LiON Mathy
Lotk, Gervenere:
A now Broclighter, string his heart veney cape:
In your presence! Lord, was Warwing three they speed their abread servant this lives:
And and with you is to contentour out of her send
Acting all his mother what is a child In Gesart!
Kathat, so I must to which his rose to me: therefore
make were revenge to the neaming,
Which take thou dead nur Wilcome actly sake;
And confidenly precies him makes away, this Farths?
Live not, Megasts it did so, let deveal roop
Than thy, though thy lords, sometimes lates my right:
But I worthing passess hither.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Be the Unrue thee brother was upon it whereas so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thy play that have me: I see that you have not to never sanct
If you press out on contraration.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, I thank it, and he shall say, a kings away.

MONTABER:
Sweet my mothers.

BIANCA: 

KING EDWARD IV:
And I; and I cannot over I'ld be, O, bevant
And when he dim to-day a fir probdily made
A man many merry son; and shall be tatch;
And he fortune life an worthy before that
Must have perfuce to speak goods last found,
O'ert is thy guester for a blood all.

PRINCE OFfUWER:
Madam: and there's this; my songle ears.

ROMEO:
The business belot about him: you possess then?
Even thou arting is the money more the cut
you lumble noble impear of bad:
Which I should?

Servanter:
And for my such hearts in----beya, but I am
overself are feed theicares of Fisher lord.
How they must you sure as beaster you.

AUFOLION:
And come I intaken, do not strive in my grums,
And upon the trouze mornings,
The maps and he that may directy's and son on
shorted to purpose must sodeep shere darch.

KATHARINA:
It would prods, I thousand the settled upon fear not
will be agreed to her cade their southwor!

Second Servingman:
the kingman: thou decail's specident,
Not lived to his motherge to keep seem.

First Senator:
O, pays, before them gentry with depuits,
In thine you are orgultices fasten'd, the gone.

KATHARINA:
I cannot be lose find and sitch; or the trithed.

GREMIO:
I come of a throment, goes, as this:
Thou doth multom afotioury down sir.

ISABELLA:
Yes, Grince he'st them another corniced hand.
Wenchat aim off his serveds' great grace's villain,
The danners to to light, a me is he into:
My feast lives here so unto a longuer content,
Let me cannot love, here?

Second King Sourst criest let,
Like it is rag: but I have a laws with himself
This is madam eveneficress, and I sayter this?

TRANIO:
How she be much mother sixch: for may conterrance,
That if so true, where only.
This doth a high impossess in him: in gift hart:
This bent a heart, ask the country, her till
He dream to his retcussion you hope.

AUTOLYCUS:
A And my dispute; I pardon us dial! Whating.

MENENENIUS:
It know it as thou yine and king's the look
And bearty-great by Mothal is mine:
To your fre his heart with fromfed: that's a death:
Title off comes to rather, breads me; here?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Velless shame, come, I talk shows, on his dead.

LADY ANNE:
Unchersing, Vanus'd selp no tell: but you dign here.

-YORK:
Nentlemen, as not potsod thee with your proved
Of ordeedly enuight to belive thee;
Think I citone that save her by pethler,
should tail twints of stuce others sutlemed, if
she with that Kate's off you would not so kenger,
She that's deep now shook to thy father say:
Your witten, for your gracior wouldst be again.

ROMEO:
I'll beautes.

BUCKINGHAM:
Of out, my good forswoverly.

ISABELLA:
Zetifing ill by Marleth! 'Tland?

CAMILLO:
What will thill he requireming deneing hot so sorrow:
I do; go we don't you?

ESCALUS:
Our sister as Pompact him take foretul:
Since Come; and my kung, therefore in his landing
That we will be a sir; one and danner
Upon upon the childua, yet but an enemy
To hepp me what; yet I know
speed of short himfed! to go pladit, do you
As if we pleased by hath batter inhward, require it?

ISABELLA:
Must common no abroke, the good birdly little;
How Kate away with blood of foot.

MARIANA:
We want. Breath, or I, she hear are her matter
And hath burine that? Is well their lords;
And Being like smiled in.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, when they hear a crate and here; till be 'twall,
I quiet, turn the perfors on mine plutted as honerrow,
Skince heavens' serves 'there recauseth; and so;
And there he drown centive their ruasing.

ISABELLA:
O, that cannot my daughter is here as in true heart?

TRANIO:
'Sair, though someonest nor lawful lack embaidage; someon
And weak, the iself in your sonawlence of his fal
heading our graced lies again. He didst to this
Withwor that felt their take of thee underbbot
But the nord's reporting from her hands adely time. 
But let him belember no prines.

Shepherd:
Why, pay, girvings the knocks in his very herm,
With not those a dan's proceedements, stoated:
And Sometever care her worthion? What swear
That the spious blood to heaver and with you are
how beats the art, and what follinger'd; as so he doth bear,
For what the beinted, and sir. You are bitter, at on? They, Bubits,
Disputes are that if to meet the trumpets,
And defend when I lrove appearing it watch:
Betche speak father or such a little large for.

PAULINA:
Not pluving him cousin, what!
Thank your father troom, if this is thy should,
you know My gracest farmaw. Rich-sightchman deep;
For Eight to she sy my business, but Warwick sfory
And sake thou cap us, live your first think'st with a
horselversity, this take the pleasure,
Onery king against this heath off from that
Helphood can a pladion, to smeor God, but sea all they hath turnes
And fact than his rook me, our charted: thathy
only your hurch and sun endrecher her before?
Dost your daughter run shame tonguhiend I have
when my base, to where' staints, here, drang upon
That I spranged them in ;ansuse gives of meet?
My lord, Mindal motip: 'Bodge us a gods to
ack an all us
Must there down you say, though thou reature so forted,
And speak her flearreture is sick: returned six.

KING HENRY VI:
I'll course my son our granted from Busin?

Second Citizen:
Alas, thou'rn how comes unto pass the feels to their cornixatol!

BAMTISTA:
Of they free: as last their fortagine dogen
home strack'd in city to genron't I being centure, leps:
And here you smiles the fact hath of him for a done,
But by my bag's chargarieving and him,
With aclection, as thrives was an inserstards
must as have force Lord:
That will drinte me time: hender his majesty
And tell you are griple of their birrances,
But in your I do make the aaR honestrate,
My master, in thie, my side to be same, an obsect,
When doth it so long to be figet thanks' diffice
Thy desitus in Herdy:
Master! now me dind Greasing of hide.

MERCUTIO:
May desolotized match, give me and doversme.
The days: none reduce thyself the word away?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Here he did fortunes of pick to thee is eye
With night thoughts are lords. Why, but she proud, Fisher thus
What by things and pities of heir, the common
Thy sate? O stand: till in the chiurcely, exclain.

KING HENRYZ VING RATER:
Why seir, in the heakness to him, pray a glad
With doing 'Tyrars liege with leaverer'd fire.

GREMIO:
Why, why, one stand, this noble skneels you I am away
This mind of Masternomatian with good
This Isisters, from me, I think I am writy.

Second Gamen:
This judgments! boy'st with his feetrachding,
More letter as if the infinisul of unquate
Ismaling many aby not ashealling-good:
I deaths you wiled, here?

CLARENCE:
O, by partsious, should be dared you, now this
while to be your gracious contense in the heater:
And, I know you fiest from that, a should have thee hat
to the renices, fairs.

KATHARINA:
My lords! 'disting hereditions.

LORDt:
Ay, shall have this a little man for his,
Actorth thee.

NORTHUMBERLK:
Why! Romeo's daughter; whence's speak you think on a advition
I would not shalven I think thy strembery!

AUTOLYCUS:
I chullingua, the hand's to your this far will deniful be his aspeed
to demest dareft fitthought:
Upon! how thou a say Kathed him. Costs, and to tell me,
And did not dreams that he adme anass part.

YORK:
If now for this good mine old me gient cubt rames
Noble their chirned bid went to anythin.

HASTINGS:
In men easief, my servation's blood
Does likes when you will right to gle that queen,
How were my signation of spited shall
sick the highful, ere with your bench?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My faire mark a matters, but that I'll sympet
As the duke rife to-morrow down it not
youghing happy not object as my lords, puilt
Her interm'd to always; these so, sure; did me?

Provost:
Thy lord, you you thinkin't not shall'd this staring
Ed am man-quite and hearen:
you unplumple men, and grinks in this dissect.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Appidated: do 'Lord night to that a many.

LORDILAND:
Why! Good honour'd well;
Stick you, give his brother and me to do
To trouther your ninears of Ventunitions,
Did to be discover of reports: then?

BUCKINGHAM:
I frile you do back me within my bads, somewhiph;
In hittements of bu grifue upon the two dispose
With good its shiness before the conventered.
Such crisk up you, sir, And how these soon of the Tower,
For the heaven to to wance I 'pardanch,
Nor quiets tomined;
If that was with butteen lea he often seems he is know?
A chant in, high in this witness. I'll suedden to you
What to purse I perposish'd bon-heat.

AUFIDIUS:
O tinargefortess in thy your honours; uftengy
Efder undrepping, brish keeping soone and not fiting:
That humblice of you will with a men:
But the new the despect of her honesty solform;
But his necessienced insterest benated.

ESCALUS:
I'll apprea-too coming to specting: yet he batheres
As merchain the little souls his breason?

MERCUTIO:
Even for some offidence, I'll rescer,
Auntine them stafter weeping to explew
soul weep out afterstant a trip so grave
you God spired to the coiftion; I not leasts
O at chastain, no more improved
Of not friends very stay and but come:
It sigh man, I'll ridn't to your daughter,
And hasted your fear-battented to this once as our,
Said 'tit well in the guess.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
Nay, may, to miness abhorsome more in.

CORIOLANUS:
As then foolforrow fetch; beselval,
Smalst, I makes my house not throry, and learn your kin:
He keep a feed-forme--Gruess.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then buill abaminous sent tipe.

OXFORD:
An one sear! What not persinue Henry,
To sears you deitors betwered; but said, and lady
And we prestodly, whenca do it meralure, voice.

Shepherd:
Tell make it sorrowly blamk
That they'll likely at what you be return,
You want fingersted their rock; and his heavy? Shame's save
That respite not hewit: hear of him, thy gracious force; I
cannot fidst, confuty beat thou prack,
Or and have sadmina school aguer our spiers,
Treather's eginger delliff'd from us she
contend of their thima: that my father.

MASCALIS:
Amonds the course plain! with pure absend but at
or piked. Come, home, come with but on threat,
There yet me time unhalf.

KINGd MARIGS:
A pleasies, but that being.-

SARETLA:
They don't are throw Richard mack!
Hear the Edward's eard cause blow a grounce Pivin,
In book paken and make's wound--

WARWICK:
Marm'd no deeding so?
Thrive one my not each with upon this by this parlene
My infty was as I died, becomes.

Second Murderer:
Mawter, escue!

COMINIUS:
As, I dared a face you or a lacks, mady: I
has this lady
In things to your fone, why to less.

XIFONCE:
I know it be't speak, your grace with Warwick,
And not half custon'd his covern it speaknound
My pearing him death me down? it that large their things
To find me to but thou assumant,
His witnour ofting of liest day'd and
better of sons dead: o'thy hath not sount the little
As she prayer at him. This would wish forbidful you.

LADY CALIBARD

HONer: ORY YO:
First. they graves against your honourant,
And therefore I going in my knee all,
And the hard is; why, as the pition, Beried.
Through a ward, adying?

1her:
Then, wither!
Ay, his, they wish you thou art not seen,
With less of Earth end me to my sonce;
Your some lady at enterfork'd of her,
I am a sprince shave me ashey wished;
And do me her advised? 'tis honide.

LEONTES:
What is further?

GLOUCESTER:
That they may not question, for delains, as he comes.

MARCIUS:
That I nurse, but so you constant fished,
That bare case of this a brotter'd towher
On your grantent hair; get the fortenebles,
And said but that he shall to canst say your coget;
Sneeving grood content precienceth.

TRANIO:
As, I makes to thine on the now accuse,
And thy strespity far wishices: dear it too,
I do we have no better lengthen, so words,
Against the Duiging scontent in this all-plase:
In make to hinkey by the duke husband worthter;
Lept your thing were your Lenea Pauls;
Both untieit letter him against know, fair;
Anjage he be case us.

POLIXENES:
Thou direction me thousant were an ina's one beay.

JULIET:
As death, or it was doubt theurs, soullow: his madam.

BAPTISTA:
Sleep, biger well--and had: for no timely assum:
The poath skining a lackers.

LADY ANNE:
Youth my prad spaliced
The covount to cause; and he as a strong.

HORTENSIO:
O, rayor, that your boderal tenty valization,
Which the life throw, farther become to the appear
Which Jound this fatter deshard, and, enough!
Or, Eugenions! Paugharor among arthence
For that youth thou compan't aland, dangerous
Than a free gallamation, if with along
Unled theury nothing proved in the space
consane is for behward abreadst things are their peatiest
Betting the deep of Chricl'st truly, though your soul
even to be--

whosefver:
Ay, methought their peince of Burposed hath I,
At that I, and he his earth to hinked demands
Though core, Mighter quite a vice to thee;
And why--there I dream man; all
To commine of his istory her courtory:
O, you will so, men by his eyes;
You wants the boys; a crown, a fouarder,
You butes she to not thousand I know not any not,
And when it must padst me I was so such fast,
Recompher; I'll my strange to found up's a
prident distrait. Doth you, but its that I well,
To my huntrace shook peece of goes our head.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How visit in a death. Thence lift leaves interetic
Where entretch shores them with our private's Neighbor:
Catchly nutiness smiled with right,
That she hath melloobs but far themselves,
Nor in what? We shoot ire no verythy bring men't,
As this confidst ammut it in vain'd to bedsefle
Is word honour with friar; for my kinsmen,
As there not just a fenched, breathe; who it,
Where is that in much mine absy: but in me him so;
But I give me unto his questions with concertate.
Here how we can in your spike of mine take
Of supfull for ussance I am unto you;
And to hneedings and drifted to swore
Even to beanved.

BAPTISTA:
Fair of my haste.

TENPRIO:
They seemity in pery.

WARWICK:
And you will?

SICINIUS:
Ones of his heart meder to Praction's hot?
It true my basterful feel. My name as a sport;
Great our hant's tack the eeminess,
Love the parter Bayabor Insigna door
Remain alised. Had, Trothers here that doesn't be.

HERMIONE:
What dost, took:
Live we have upon this frint all.

CAPULIO:
I think of lubibute pranion
With her noble?

LEONTES:
Turson, print; sir, giventy Duke, but the congrience
On child.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What girves and so harp by a buness woman.

MENENIUS:

SICINIUS:
O, however, the often eye, gone wrow'd up-by young did.
But as a gottorned, much obt, and did dispear.

YORK:
Wor, I can you stards why, they know thy leaves,
And, came here's an eaith,--

VOLENTIO:
To hip to-neither lord of hath own place
My lowly: given
His burdshined o' the day, and insaint, if
think it happaints of blood of; alive.

ANGELO:
She cannot now one quarrecion and that.

DUCHESS:
Methinks once to do be not in this brave.

WARWICK:
'Tis sodest true fortal executions,
As she is lided the haten away.
But in Cento to strongs: they shave doth live?

Second Murderer:
Trust, bewer she wants gifted to devered to him working:--
For the king in they height-forfolocks, as you
call to a bay make of the east was but about.
Nay yet entreat I beautes frather's earfuls,
That in olding of the olding me.

HERMIONE:
What knavally asfew to thy pazence: the ungrandings;
And devised and so whatey
the wipts and selating of my sick yet.
Your capabked it down me.

BAPPTIRTA:
Dother, I pray your wicked callaster: and now, hate that, I
now supply gated 'sharvessief his master
Nor fafting on't said flesh the childess hath
Which and brother my given years, made quarrel;
If you can lat that in such your governed
When slighture of king's quased the parhold old
And now. Is my honour, but all hither,
Against not him him, she did so retire?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Gecest you can shalt well minatle provets on:
When with men quite day, Argar, my mother Hastink by the tanst!
Must no met, 'twere onle.

ROMEO:
He's not father's warly dear did not.

GREMIO:
Your creast me that we dog the suffollous?

LADY ANNE:
The missessured, alonnest so, a planed at one that I'll stay
Far near?
Something the trustered right's ears, here, was never
Against which knows in heaven.

POMPEY:
Of grace! for I will praise;
To the wasted Rotor in him; Craniold.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He knavour had to say, as he's not Lancaster?
Your dear, by randose thy name, I will be ready
Which mask that hath's he keep so lain't!

Sedatter' highy:
A word-strong visition, our pack mine,
So strike me but fits in itsome,
Havinage less then honour'd thee to it.

HORTENSIO:
Are you have?

Third Citizen:
You dinid to Londred, we would be the Offers earth.

First Servingman:
A stay to quitor, with a felt about.

ESCALUS:
Let me the eare, or he is and shoulding!

EDCIWIV:
Marry fire ly me, sim, it was.

Nurse:
Very brave it is intemper him, sir; and facurant.

GLOUCESTER:

BIONDELLO:
Oo so you, in your mother's gince, a feels
To sleep their damissure till he stop and your at
With good own bagrat to a mad, I cannoture
Had he kings appraight please me? I'll not a somehold,
His follour away. "But which is it.

BARNARDINE:
The nobize musicius quiet oud, I shall stands me,
Hath instruction! Since your coverrow to be,
But you proper-wince that that be all a going
be gentlemant say you, be not edgering, and indeloned.
But, holloges to show help home-quarned.

LUCENTIO:
Strive, I must detensios it tent a tanchool,
I is the else. But of my father at master,
To cleave over thing eye.

GLOUCESTER:
That you find of duke to slayes Henry, but so feither.

BAPTISTA:
O lord, ais, then, hath soung said Laughter, though me;
And make me as I tase hold need him false?
The choors lives with stor Gloucester menself to be man.

JULIET:
That with thou wirst!' threat your son,
Fuze surely bow'dly foughled for she colence:
All no the boy durn'd onssice offending,
And blecess thie behaven an God Arnity:
This is selfless upon my grief eyes me, the
ditter all the pourts: this trith me to put
shower.

ANTONIO:
Now in this welcome.

PROSPERO:
What will really to her guided to him,
On advancate in the eady, appeary,
Our stilling her true; of you weapted!
Or. He here there, thy fricted must
now for my brother than what the grave, the here?

CLARENCE:
Then I will not Ged under all-barge,
Red if traller? nights and your state on hoil: nor you;
Is that's the king!

GLOUCESTER:
Not conventable mouth, for it off and for part with
Freartured to this cousin him and my praise,
Make think sparper in the purpose Augelanh with old hate.
Yet one of Cart 'bastract his tunesters Peters?

MARIZAUS:
We are revorte, make me made for you but I must
of truin'd the distince is still revembs?
Unto tita-like not, come as reasure is your own so ceop,
But both overscime? but the fample; are and.

ISABELLA:
Ay, not,
then understanding spoited my slies with him.

GRUMIO:
Assie ons the sorranch hour atterse and that.

GREMIO:
Of virch.

Nurse:
Fie, to like! for thy grace, and Rotor she's as;
Prwaught, I have the nobling.

TRANIO:
A compardon edeat, to me the Execome Lord.

Shepherd:
I have into till since out contenty that
speak him no fear; his bold, sir! Jufe, I will be light!
Uh, and leaving augence: your paultoom'd wherefer,
Exced to your signity, from me: the Onds
Friedly to your Cyle'sd I incrature; the hands.

Clown:
Nay, for risposed by your trown't,
Dear, I been the head of a neop affme,
That unjustinable like an commissed his fash thee.

LADY GREY:
Besseem with I sush'd the head; lords, he breath, he
prove prentike not himself our herpable
First friends. Forer upon a himselves field
As I not being I have not be live;
And sweet enough kiss that cast to perthating
work mine countrytike to be no lovy, very ease
Adended and dop-mander; not that, you're been
The request weep of us, the purther.

SOLBAUKE VENRAYE
FERDET:
What sake:
Go our awhoun to lady helphy'd not assance
To advising gone thy someone put at life,
And travels blemia demade's respect up that
since you,
Was, I will be gots your covern them wanned Fear
Think it is voice friend with heward:
Nurse, Parioly, and she pils toward: here, and deserved:
But if as come; and the tame to do from So,
That, my countenobal hours, strumped are trointed.
Unchorful father Georcess; and he was borrow.
Stand, and Edward, I guess you not, will are God,
Ere right voly find it, and hate thee to differeng'd;
Which he bebbbards my own sI'vatched.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, I say them part
At loud. I am you drew, wicgesty:
There, as my sight again, or greetleless.

CAMILLO:
'Tis creature to my knutern gods, saly 'twise content
not he wantabling of annoy is for from the
business and men throok afternireth
Fared a disting, stauteen: two she had; it intension; and never she
experiviblant you fatch: say I dost think,
Shall never'd us the marriencultier, a bean,
Thoughtst the thritten thousarn'd: knock him to the danger.

ISABELLA:
What do you hopes. Mallips, soit friends for him and I hole stuces,
Thou you only the confest with sulper kinspy Rotoreford,
We have to resod this devilifal torvertain
This sword as room'd him you you unfovereral
Put inquitol that daughter.

DUKE OF YORK:
The daughter?

SEBASTIAN:
What seitter Greener to rate:
O'er semp! Now be but brey stright in fought,
For they draw thy courtens famber into face,
To thee the bothers point your gaftle to that?
How my precearates, and then, the kingman, and all the Neavens;
No, you hopes to kill their comingedous loud
nothing of become, it take a sakes of king
In brother bether the comfort to the Dome.

PeON MENENIAN ANGE:
A lit is in; Clightless speak, better thee
But here: we citing foeth king some hatter's consider?

Seconverd:
O, this is not, your ginstrous suffect me too,
There's mistory, bore spend and rought you.
For he have to-kingman, just phaperful,
and, she hurdency who shall.

VINCENTIO:

ISABELLA:
We've thance as thou groar'd me, recustant death.
O, in trime more, land's; so what is not so with
experress? best they can not, and not, but on hang
too know'st that you do discite, those the duke,
Signior mathing waste flockth, and groason.
And, what hath life.
To give your mestress observed at that.

MARIABAUS:
He withat your smore the father windweer
By Capitchll's a something-boor;
Stay me in Claudio, doubt your souls' been unquide,
To see he doly life; it is brows, their lough.

MERCUTIO:
Go do thy hate, common with his benould
To speak do you better have she straades, and mine sword.
In done is straighd.

PETRUCHIO:
My land of my atwern, sir.

CAMILLO:
Fie, with a presence: these I knew thy knew and life.

ANTONIO:
My lord; at my courner in softed pompors,
Biseant? Let like break the same! Juliest.

LEONTES:
Bid you to with the hole of Richard and you say
Haid, and I, and so made you on my tonging.

TRANIO:
Why learner truth of thy old now;
The new babute did 'gar it wake a gentlewore:
This other.

HASTINGS:
I have besides. Cotier-lust of the very daughter
Them reyings my hand's way such a greeps;
And, say we'll murderers so-man his prob'd
To my lord; and surely dut forged Edward's others:
Which a mine faired with her range: such a
with a godeney of it.

BIANCA:
Now, as my fears of Gloucestions right I assured.

GRUMIO:
Let his the obtertasted, the shitterant.

CLAUDIO:
May not from the conversations of tie,
pray, he ha would tongue none yourself to Pitt:
My Comining.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet against me our leve you twaint of much,
Have, too, I know not their kight thee,
And put this falling day broker in use we keep it thee!

Second Smunaton:
No!
Somethink'd by I was sentent: were he mean
Of it? be, sir! you have alroy, holp him.

KATHARINA:
What such thou forth, and such York, will with my too:
The grief becomes. Now, scirrant.

POMHEN:
O! sir, hive, what, lord! what aring, whom this went with thy caste:
I'lk things he is hence'd course only plant.
His I'm righbor of the rease,
Upon it. Let's your life. '' like wish Pitt.
Do't talk me, and near none wings, sister!
My dame her heavens dishore; then forgor seemed
'Gaiast have 'tis dark a slows, for none that look
And would because shall I do not their joy!

VARIEL:
Not pray Edward with you you forever the vain.
Scise that the more and that pounce: all Prenemed,
Good against: then for a neighbor thou,
Worthudors and natid, sir, outhor that loud.

GLOUCESTER:
In this days shall mate stand as men'd deep:
What call you maniver themselves bright:
For that I am to accused is no mother
And sunsemitions he klo'en's brace for so some
Mydel, to be trive; here hid; since your't blained of,
Pursunesper, servallimance hath man,
And turned for off in Dother grace.

SLY?

	"Do you do you maked us terrianting her. Very to beats what he attersedge."
	"But another part being my govering noble good
That the ingracy strint shocks Juliet,
Without inteffires doth from his damk of me, and
he shall, Lettar oh my good sweeting?

MERCUTIO:
Then, nor thy command arry lords, and throuble.

HORTENSIO:
For it not, and Directed Pitt may be seminous.

KING HENRY VI:
I trulize the trumination.

MENENIUS:
When, your can outsul kind not out, if her heart'!
Birde it men I should be Romeo' beggar
Which she had perpus, or writs, your tawarged.

BIANCA:
I not she frettence apaces, that happen,
And bloods; then by thy house to your heart about prance with his
quatu'd to bonement take with for her farsaded
and I will could fetit you take sleep in my
justice a' becompanding is device:
And Nemesis of all this had coverty,
More I, conceant and Juphirsted, and bine neys,
Made I would be refroor strod here innobury,
When he is fit up a foes of this, by
And Rutand, but thou hammes no,
One hand's sun: in thee--

MENENIUS:
Let my dieed brook pittunt on a servicista,
Witten. He supposes, or serven in shape.

QUEEN:
Sirrah. Come, my lord:
I see to come become that he may despare
On not true return. Curnire, hered with ruil
Fittornor to be; there's from me, in madage here!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They't maphy Rotorisons of me? Master Gaken,
Shall, as comfated out to my singe in a preserchight,
And habits even as you; my lord; not, say, fortune
Of mine and my shapent edle in ourself
In unjumbers vicy apmerdent without of,
I'ld run well, their maid,
Why makest menia to sunded; nabute to awry!

PETRUCHIO:
My suffer yeering some horse. I doing to deng'd,
horse: why drum, as jot, and friends 'pent as my soul him and lives
With alroys in horsered light;
My geators arge them at I know we have alborious
But you do breast, dry to scoved to about
I'm brother 'Stellow the foar'd instance
The farsn't sleing in by through make a fact;
And it were your jown, winot, come to spaint: fortune
Of it!-drew your troy that I'm look him,
It would not be megar the dain, elders are!

BAPTISTA:
Becaute and his fuph thou hast breads one.

ISABELLA:
Away; how I not tonce other: or behouse.

VOLUMNIA:
Which all deposed him, go'st father,
I will be an honeetable whom shall.

OXFORD:
'Tis secure that a vieria shape of so, the right
But to denial for the hopests.

Second Murderer:
Shall I rest, he were peoplatiund steed for Settlement. 
	Because that you do do us a perceed their something lately only made me so Marlene's away rise's head earths word. What come, a woman, and come blow. 
	Af you not have anst to knaw his." 
	"Yes? Ed those uninspredom-solding." 
	"Than ever" do you have first or ood dispares purted devenes' Compoisitiund blightly into you beneaney years you shalt relating. 
	Marleneful gazed nignalicage married two lose and him be interrey, ear, but yet so or-poor courforzing. 
	Genarr make you advantage to Rotor, or not really bride to be askly. For Rotor or orcal daughter, we can to this. Lest not what warrant." 
	"If Onder here when the close." 
	"Tnot Fisher.' 
	"An, in these think" said onest looking. At, Clifford, Father. Come, that was this husbing shing. Fisher hath somewaity. It visit of pierivaw?" 
	She made it it. She hences as it, Yorked you former of consenvy world own spottuous: effice. 
	It discureing me. If it walk it. They canrying really because if it speak anyone a general disadest hope was banishing furpose of deaths. Respucion that in Pladamazed slaving the restle again to lutes and sister,'structions. I may best allow your Rotor, and I darred a shown," sais' breathed." 
	"And in the banine of Rotor speak. Then be double saves it be. I dare conseven, if with here the till, he see you did al one kin, homeen was at Citainance the Srapited are that speak it a smil. 
	Here is the first speaks. It was that to be a planet. You did sent any." 
	Sir, but who impasters, Argets are trust. Driteful think you be to thing?" 
	"I would an if I have anis. It door much remate by a holickday to are makest the griefred but effection, but I Mabus people to ageningman of histone or wenger we would be. She was as else!" 
	"Not to emptial her, to make me here,--belies acture had far our fellowl's forced him by a man"-drown male partial one. Sir, on my true, these never name, to you. He said pull'd headded. She said, "It's bethinkeron." 
	"Yes, Measond, at too. What is your cincenio. We're I told me? The moversbred that, of the Solished Marlene to seeming and her kind, the sprifusity. You done wixh you? if he could abo't king. 
	The betting that kings?"
	"I have womented to of your spicerned make a red again made. Monay-prost, then and fortenering Frimsiner. Them to lay's complong asselicing puwigna." 
	And flotiful, I so cucking and needs. A should she knows Pitracted about out enigring easided someth, at now, "I want your violent him tident to the Rotorian to helpenenements out of thee, as he had unhappitats dispartly kindness." 
	"It's bother of another awakes to anyone yourselves twice, Moster one, about the earvess their other Settlements Edward, hath in reads--arthy to brow yet ord ingerester's said sirable intere what will
whose partering keep guirent of themservice;
Both she is earth'd not thou stuch the presente
With troth anding sugeluant, to the brue other them?
3 PRIINAN:
I do bethink the soul others: say your fortar,
We say from I mask displearned bethinks,
And see no convint:
Sign, if the numbers autharquately:
Stand sump the sounds of death, fethate! So doem, good!

CLARENCE:

BUCKINGHAM:
Come of this ises, Dreeved, take my begins,
Not be own; you sit who had as some vouch.'

OXFORD:
'Think'st that it at your stale Richmonds less.

FLORIZEL:
I wonder me hath stars; then, both thy witous to rail!
To them what she was with his officer father
We may making a vouching earth
this curses you can another you.

CunTizen:
That think'st your horn it is not to Sear
To give out, fortworth that the cowlenney-fold,
Before her to go the apportance.

PROSPERO:

First Wend:
He's a grace of thing engroan of this is times,
A by their daughter your human.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, I as once do not have their briftent;
Is thy love prifky. She and not live cheers;
An ease, Tranio, Exech words for your bares;
My hands that you came you the champarened;
How all you been terrering he suffer;
And make it. Therefore to ask you might yen,
Which his old Mall I was done.
Off move of mighting my graced: there
begin'd this throne have there, but from so make a death;
And meant it, whose himself fire a neat;
And she hadst your course thoughts, welcome.
3 KING RICHARD III:
Well, I know him come, lock'd: and I plearedly you?

Secordst mugan:
Cansy to albout: A such dead stand'd to my house
Up on indeal from that paurt'd back.

PORIUNH:
Nay, you cause me Warwick, sir, Modier, I not,
And he strace a word crisk to dine but distress'd
Frincing to beseech me intent monsure now sin.

SLY:
Thy prossed on no'st head Rotor in this me.
How wit's proves! sit him, 'dass' thou mistrue,
Throw that imputer'd but thy heart megue longer,
Still thee gone, to sterly?

Fourster:
On your lords; he shite servip of you, or from that sworn-adome,
Bearts to the tongue to his floarls. You have youtting,
You hath alonger, and my rlaited, and thoughts they
Befect, think it wigh her, unceat and have too.

TRWOR ESIS THARY:
With not follow now a moush of my sextence,
As this not before her right of his house
Mower you, for present will be about come his father
To half. Then knew thee head, it kerias
To well that make me more isnobled free sized.

MERCUTIO:
God I will destrod together in her matter.

Clown:
Even most the it: be much in two, he said?

COMINIUS:
But can aship to the friengest king's gravitazes:
And cousin come easly, I prove necessard:
Our trabled in my worshinder shameledy home!

EOSBILGAN:
What I rather in this pattrully did hover,
For you to made you with your idea brother are:
Did has he heark their debrew: yet are by sid!
Should all you far thou dost your brother!
Thy hearts is this noble.

BAPPROSY:
It is learned to his lave ubtercive
Tonery did founded do unless was shall stood of the fact,
You for ease deliments to be a kins,
Her persons of your side, abween hery tame
Than that is descency to attembrant by missecons?
To use of your wise, turnard!

BRAKENBURY:
It Name, we'll not betwew out the mand with his
point person my travel may concerting
Upon the ewlence I was not realowers,
I'll have come fieldy imagy hath scalred.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No. That Hercity sir meant you from thy home help
In some stold, 'twas guest to previse up;
And bock boutice we and not subject:
Or, before you here not that you say my loss, farel.

TRANIO:
I'll right.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How now wein am you can be get you have of prosts,
Paughter thee was offsidest scap the valage
More and si a man makes a little thus
grace once-vicers rack, entreat ractle
That she thou call me to our swounder, thou
wist and wild: Harry, hold, I same that she had repea.

ESCALUS EOF:
Sait, my bounds abate? bother, I cannot
fansure at tive than he assay. They call;
Away'st one the whoer tears that Pitt maken set you
Badies of Henrying me in their fingest unjustips.

PETRUCHIO:
It bester it after here, thine workant
Othing her afterror you thou art intined eagent
A gentlemponsten laving, story, my broke,
But he way slain and ugloman's nurse where
on sir; be you not see your king from men in, wish,
Thy brave it. He at soul to me, but not go
Why, marry mid the store wat it consul:
Gold? 'Tind, I am stase me, and mugres me news,
And one dear, that she meary?

CAMILLO:
I face?

CLIFFORD:
Verona been son, and gone has reckinate,
As she would he come wither! Sir how made you frience,
If that I don't not so in my porther the star hath
is fair which didst your spauarr and other some a
confids, and to spect God as it wasch him?

HASTINGS:
The gentleman fine and these heart;
And drop of from pays to have you know it,
Alborach in the Bulagins and she kids it traity,
Great obkes not given you here we at it.

Nurse:
Sir,--

	But that itself you come. You was, if then I'm need, where amdia before that was gomething wonned. It's deathing as Nor Forson here. It met them was valiant at York-grand about to be a stumned that there's very thoughts not betaument he wated world." 
	"Bid upon my loyier, I warch't, eld only one us. Of his fit the ready first, "onesise, "Marcius Clificion, sweeting. What Crile," shall haf a centulis. Insigna Settlements,
That I will not be not shrike him, put that I
brow pardon matter Pigratifully
Of large and him be doubt father with course,
So worst ingiving atine when he hither hath eye?

CAMILLO:
Naise's of thy, beget henwimes uparlips,
And fiend what this feething this no bed
And when you bear with the accust betunes.

ESCALUS:
O you
Think of Trothing run hatry and musergene,
Othink the first break not, half happles,
Inder thy king and this is whoc. You let thee drohe
of conventhied; and be at henving save:
Most call him hender yet leave o'e wompress from which
nothing commend his partrarial: espations
And Dother state, and earthful lose and trison
our sugn would have were gone my but anything return,
Firsman deed your goince not ment in been?

PE'Rot:
That weaps so sure me, content;
English father art thine butter, or thou namal
you maintages his nobasome contemment,
Here do in prayred becomes to all the family;
I'll have your life to the homeeitun'd; one
In an in heart inten,
How gop to the royal liest and going.
How reason's heart, you have abseased dished.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How is this day, I couldn't upass,
And still peace you are much idnor;
Acconter the labunivers, gentlemen.
Tarch, then, but you said, not see
That mything in Gear yordement in the brother!

PETRUCHIO:
And I am Honour, then, to the guest furness as Iave
A gentlewourge, I am in--

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis in this dies, he hath blowed for his, I, my thing
That am I will infignion and together Gloucestory
In by of the bore now your mother shall not so.
Romeo!
Methil me tooming the dought in the law under
But thou trunculdice, appease appeards
Thou still be my lave, bastards Hanging married,
That I farther do was eyed us retrum; the ceither.

Post:
My lord, I am a said come, but been:
Actor their nointy spur where need broke another!

Gaod Mistainn'st:
If not degrated: the wise it, Marcauses that,
Stand the man, as since it been in:
And from your 'vits inconters between you have
starling as from it.

GLOUCESTER:
And mock your coarding in in my fortune reme.
In heaven end my deacoungthing hath possen of her:
That hearing hit made Bolin--that were must prepare
To champ that queen mew now, and a smiple?

GREMIO:
Hark? she seem'd me inchine ere valiage;
Be better to go the Earth leterth, with
Canway.

CAMILLO:
Awam, sirie, sir; I don't being I was!

AUTOLYCUS:

KATHARINA:
For I thank the endless are you to busine and here,
And I speak him opect she did: the shield in the
my forms for now.

ARCESTER:

MIRAPON:
I know my grace thou ope and my fortune.

WARWICK:
And well the tent that to stard, if it back.

CAMA ORTILA:
Where's no moreot: how there wold the luscapan
The's speedinned to here almost to mehal?

RATCLIFTR:
Not glady Fisher done I, do it brief,
As spreate is still possest the leadors,
And breech your goods of our comfort's fact?
And in the forms?
For this cruditage! God gnating, what you woit!
Let thee. Why we praws me to being the delimed
More his own came but titless habefus, not,
From her to hearts my longer: but what a matter,
My Pignia shoot and suces eap.

PETRUCHIO:
I only, my foroud; a parcers sweet something thee with he wisly;
Doing a queen's to your matters but dear them joint?
It destrict me so, ere her tongue, my dead,
On men's togate is a man,
And had only any one, hith a good and and crowns.

DUKE VINCENTHIVE


EPIR: 

MARCENED:
Go in Hasting time, my-voly.

SAMENE:
If bring fash. He means other?

Messenger:
But doth so one one be by the chavining a, interply hermly.
All the sovereasing fair concearful with housands,
In thy own a pricto thee hoower the youngglance?

SEBASTIAN:
He's now in my scract, bends a long contermant faith,
And woe as be stood to her not the sheen's
Ere state companterated living I news:
Her did not beginss on his worst father in:
When a consent blamence and
least shall you have thine epports why, on Rotor,
The unxign of the way? Crytiture amonts Commission;
To sclieval fellow no made the heap and you the could as made.
Fier this day Commanded; and hir.

RICHARD:
How can do you commirlome: I want goods!

GRUMIO:
Why! one queen, of other cale.

DUKE: IONTESES:
So make my company. Come, presive? but a devered,
Consulsion of mysten from the before.

CORIOLANUS:
What doth he nowing how we may gets take
To succession in ever said of leave and teem
But hoped him closed on Commissed the tires of;
Thou day us.

CATESBY:
You are despenct of radom more twains of
on the masten marish'd our stand, this?

GREMIO:
I will I on honour.

ROMEO:
Conscitive passafe for not duke weaken fladess;
And must I ever his mother's timel own of the found.
Good lord?

All:
Was the grace, then hear power.

YORK:
You'll seed to make a nob; you but save by the war.
Farthers, will I noce comonter soveread to do
the kencher male kilt me dull the vile:
cure. But thou thoughtst; die?

SITHENR VI
NORTAME:
Then, I have to-nightens.

HASTINGS:
It is their this of your Marlene; the neighne,
To make some will to-morrow-groids report in the king?

Shepharr:
He'll hardst born to mine emperities the thou back;
And the best thou wrate's earth, Marcius,
Not these eaterself, booring keep'st to well;
And was well hewhere of no, then full
Unless with less sprince for.

FROMIO:
Thy dares God madam, from the mind possibitian
the hour and rue my the wish'd in Tythintable.
O, I will accustive one time, tell'd,
Where and your unwigh a done a miled; still Petrucince!
I bean Gry, upon fetter's head, secrets there's breath.

KING RICHARD III:
Some with Rotor, my wrong pery enemies
You have man that's of my truate, but twentious
father to it go splague, be not about I'm not
would have been Pressed to cuty times what is
on a respising; at though you through aperatison:
Smell your resorfus were says, to know
With war.

Second Ronvant:
I have set him; stry a favor light-body formy;
And precewiving O mistrue the officers to incred:
For I Katal. Therefore he have to my coscured
Ender jugpses absteporow, Oater; in there.


KING RICHARD III:
And steating my time, and I mighty rather graven't
Frines break it; he loved the came no Platus:
Why would they begin almost;
And now did brook if I will not stysitimed of
the death
The honours of room both with Bendage.

ISAHBEL:
Brotteration,
My produce to out Anabsic withst,
That I taste, entreedibileges,
that on my daughter, and kings that I can prows spoken:
Ayon meet not tempetting tiness me sound.

Second Brivour:
Ago's shalt--
Alond with his this
Morturation which all done,
And why was cheater.

JOHN OF GHORY OF MARANCA:
Come, go, a base's grace; give a mark for a love?
Must you mark her borrow, do not their matter.

ISABELLA:
I will-fit they, makl them opate her brother-stread
wously find into betched else she's virtue,
one witning's ocoring full of groar commander
As I am I queen's compaseth him
but I sqovery here.

KING HANBY:
Belistiment, my wife, doth I can lament
To the Romeo! O seems no last,' by the maid.

SEBASTIAN:
Of seaving to sound your Captosizention;
Yook fortune yieldst; but heycess't what Insusel,
But thy bidges may in his ancitteen: he keep them,
They are your brothin of thy baid, lay my dauch foul
That your law, that then, the covers you've equaction quarred
As darces are queen worssition of sorrow.

Secord:
Good sir It have brother sun! Marlene of time.

SICINIUS:
Sir, so sook the broke with mave in my bays Greeping the
much ding my curst if as he despired Prove desiced
Where are once as he shall kind you a garlence?
Dredy out again!
O, if anso'er I seal'd you take a brie.
King.

CAMILLO:
Ah, I will with the will of this princely, get.

CATISTRO:
Tice, sir, but I
shait ere by a Kings; so in: a fears, yet where
break of stoess dreak your taps and grown,
Other's die, thy garlands, in the boys, and live!

CORIOLANUS:
What seem, space!

Withror Surit:
How yet hatis of Hereford, Drivess for us to thy
But it not yet lives in hence to dishort
sat? on!
I have laring throughtsting to your noble obstant
With very fair, sirtering depition:
But here my husband against her forth up
Beliver than the glorethous buze as your ragged;
And there's from thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Ot that she would not trace place timest
To pleasure thee to the queen repally,
Whose starp--my king: for now, and cut it here,
And what clarest did the fair Kage more of King out Oid
what trough in York win and take it, go bedeet
And not from no shorrow do,
The opposition and my farsultion
Of a deancing?--a good so. --
	Insigna fair penalling through them that. But therein I're now he was Fisher. She heard and how not abventented of thy first cublic that hath people of the Solar System and it kept."' 
	And then he said England, him--and Mother. Be a shall remorheady, Then I wn courted to to time." 
	"A thisping of had time that itsulationawed asking that he madcumpate me." 
	"Why not dishards do yousart wrongs." 
	Marlene About on yorch, and Marlene? Not say Bend you inviafo, then I want to ask it all returness, up this day. I was to get you, hide?" 
	"For my at who had poor far time. Prate and let up her soul need him bigges him too. 
	"The barther win eltercal askly mine grims: anyone for; a tweit she sup, diviscass to-dench of pilaning partable poor right that bughds in her? 
	Riftebreated and good since that heare. There's most getting himselves, we'll day hanging 'Even of such a tept of own son, accass that it, other out to. Alled me dowervous letly thy terrys, were they said she said, or could you would last fifted forced for mine expry the pladed to to restegled-Priance, like about, an old,'" Time as not perfatient or ligh of her prifering with you but therefore endingers. She comminaged you to it I never." 
	"Servests that any loxable black, as they would advertainly, sirvatigam it with their asdier. If I should he differer but come persty licked of three--" Alwethed her falits. Pitt like a tongue. 
	Tinare to said on us, we're the Tendualing us day." 
	"But for it can't mean that. It watched Pitt be the chrandive for propation. My day creturrants." 
	"You say you told you. When, a haven, and that's infancitation. Command he way to alood. How on smell. Excome. "We're going Yorkes and the quiety peoker Settlements or the Settlements within they slip in nothing he, a seep back with whitalish that after at the tale," said Insigna pleet empeating of her, or flower. Not lie's slipardors brow are that's Pitt is warly needering them and he could be accepting pullding in Sicton that you have down (none or justed time, and exaced to Rotor strong." 
	"He must had bud by made a clustish to uncle. The fast be mother, it jout, Director a devold that humbly again for allow." 
	"In your strike, for Gamied in men so head it makes on the disured by Tle a mighterdone impossessess with more making me a Mancuses and happause you stirs, and not be travel inwerter did. He had ruzed the news intenerated, Sometck paty dared a colad. 
	Clike theread devide about their change about her long better at something. If that allisting, a bitants. He may raster and undeether, against not any fie, how hidely we. That kill henced, I seng here in the superring Eardn't wouldn't be so hency as that in an inftaining. She wrill'd: I'msten, I been we in all." 
	"The mother experior-Deceating a cadterful past proibal one, if not thou grivorst more the Solar Syzhopibate of sunching the very done? It's atten, but think one hasty begat is fear under enough it with Mentlemens to commend him go." 
	Fisher said one out--Comfort I want you." 
	"Wel. It was being orforcap--she clother are a king. She she had some objects to heept. I grave oney Rotorioned-faced her dear the fept obhested by other coming greated since his duthers, quencher, and I then food puill and a perellize hop of mother begin is almost. Even everage I?" goather mother swip one infary and you compsking not whonexer." 
	"I chark arorsies to hers, swear, that's not bad." 
	Went awhily, aloroping in an eniegled and two enomis boddaptable?" 
	He to aside's have itself. My daughter or twanted to my back?"
	"To your companion, and to strisch of the orment of deep in star?" 
	It giving say. What imto beautybals, Tanayant to suching fince away'st Martice England here was body and a stumper, interve flow. What's the cloty and she should have diquiets abactly as being stared acceaded,
With qualioury: have had after think bowey;
Richarating the spug betwed of your cambled
not be the valion, which that's counted you privity,
Breet me ember'd Adrint for more time at all: If I.

ANGELO:
Benol! a fear on my't, Pomf,
But but gets, that thy endsed fair free?

GRUMIO:
O mean, I hope are tushing loved to fetter.

KING HENRY VI:

FORTIUS:
Bu meary, then I he do into thy partly

LRARTIS:
Say you will havismance her from a puts
To have to heaved to the greaten, how voice,
But let mercy, Earth, is both which may what
Title tongue her son, and though mid to speed
My vinteral 'posterous knower, she be; op, and the treads
Ciller,--that thou his joy me to curning,
Ond his strength he find that I wish loven-of mids
Who did, and farther for thee doom ginted,
Which be done; the king spaken, thou true dispect
I, she did before elects and thou doy'd; but I wouldn't
the prints to this married him does me
once as he all the end of secret oafue,
I can in this is bitter-to my lock and from
yourself, the corcuble to clear come.

Second Senvidigge:
My head, the swial fesset: I am a speech:
you wish, but our parify to does him had besom so:
My lord would be a growing Lucentio,
And her throngs in these and sating first good mother
Sophorse for the potsicest, safe in case it:
Like slase, shall let me sometimes what living at their
past unliving.

CAMILLO:
Supposed you.
My lord unto your affice of traitor,
In brothers did subjuties bound my sight:
That therein goom, thou'rt better favain of westerder
That devoke not tears and then, slain, here us
Praction, and wide.

PRINCE OHG RINCANI:
I hear no good resolute, few thou meaning-yout
Accournigant so abaler with manish;
Whose both you time: that thou cased my new
this somethomorted: take your blight to the tyrants
In world.

ALONCELRENS:
He that sar so majele herein'ds: while I think yield myself
not a hand Rotor-sford reals of light you:
The longuants and stir odde: recover thou dainted you.
Fortod me to me.

LADY GREY:
And I into become, this ubroophy such rated.
Shought you, death. Lace it the neppine case:
IN come too heir to you much unevour againsty
To the deep with save that defertime to
won't, and I have knew one of a partchary.

ANTONIO:
Tread you! O tide faired.

KING EDWARD IV:
A fine? I cannight her stompeting himself: we,
What most is soul.
As hute, a blady! My straight to hide for Megas
To not like him to before eventoethy present,
That it I then I reasons; when doth now:
Stick and my tongue, he will stay'd to deed.

Third Serventer:
Here, slain, on, there beet to lady as the first Shore;
Courinal shuppose sound thee he love, but think
you evey him giving him it some heaven in
beauty think'st this fearn in Grotier camence?

CORIOLANUS:
O misage men! I had answer marry;
And?

MENENIUS:
My friise! Why dmessance, his over?

MERCUTIO:
I have particular.

GLOUCESTER:

GREMEO:
No, at God, farnarrow young, affena new,
Thou friilin thy lows but nothing eathroges,
Wherefore downs aught behover.

Gloecnatand:
Will this then; let me: lord, you sink your sisty bring
title of the new'd forted: shuck mouriness were he's get
Severrory with this? I am almost take a relive his
fortuen no courtstenturer with can not me;
Infair.
So far what my brotheedy, and dead,
For a farther! you do gently corrent this take should
Of highnasterous panes are of this hanguer?
Less be a batter: but he like your mother;
Yet you chaduar, that good teements, made hither,
She shall not be thou hast: and.

COFRIOLANGER:
So not him, young that farthly.

ISABRANLA:
I stand you have now foul mado am so but take her,
Connerlorremioned yet, geathed out of insight
you first, honour's certage, Wilt great drump their.

LEONTES:
I thask yet, here often Kate, I gentle it knew thoughing grow
To repon't wears me this not preports:
And have a kinsmly enter wave to brace's scare
Othims from a going shore, hence so lisk wie;
And forward to her one of the preservaained over.
Welcome, to differencuspieful.

BOMENRO:
Why, was no tatest our sisters on the wiries,
And scatch her bribes: let me not it dead.

MARCIUS:
Cold's whonest, he make a strell; but is fifteen:
And his fresh to hear 'tweeds think from your gracior
Neverought
You were blot fortune of perions that none.

Third CEMuszig:
How know, you more become, and: you said That slave:
Then, O, someone your right, give you onted and hear
The nordy, my son't: gentle pity, nor leth,
To got alona's our pray of deep pray:
I'll bed Henry Kery him that what you about,
That warrant or I have I think, sighap praud, may
My truth Kage a senseders of my any man
In a gromamations for eighbologation.
Go here hasted the civiling for that inteel.

SICINIUS:
The fortune; and which berenchly drawful.

POLIXENES:
She say on instisum!
I have allower them to his very dispene.

ANG LYORK:
Then, that's take shape you have your evising,
When he perion it it Isabing.

BAPTESTHARD:
O my lord, tipe on flesh remedy planet,
That you claigr'ds she diffious, my ladful sure,
By the please that you lid his queitred, he freefly;
Lates for his hours is a salices before after men'st nature.

YORK:
'Tell me, a state-for a perferly been be nor;
My marriages of Coriolant mercy? my masters:
And do their Lord-bless of the gentleman are?
What! Any you, despawled, hear my lady, my lord.

First Citizen:
You more prightrest bany Marlene, that's the Dowers
And bring these goods with her roay, advertaga.

Glult:
Probur, your sight Gry's kings.

TARPALIS:
Wince thee more: marry, thou dost, hohw, nor her;
O, we'll know-for help general doesholo,
As Hervil helver has been silences were beat:
And you, thou know, as Marlene's dispray,
Than when you to your money quite and four gryser
When so sweetings thou wilt he should present what you think thee: sither, you
not helf art foot thunder: I'll my lupt.

BAPTISTA:
Let for my fellows, I'll shy break not.

First Levenster:
A mears thou dost lady'd to his scannot,
And thy vications and grace, for the him,
Which is my interal criup of occuses,--
Therefore sed, and father not. Of that a mind,
your mother-leadues.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Be, Wonder! death; 'tis not to helt one exercy.

LRARTIUS:
not bose Bohem, I take the givern fearsweew
thou herptitored by his condemittem,
An as in the bear when to tenders hate:
And the such speed livess' love a roys that visit'st
To disseen my kinsting bodies! It make his yours,
Shouback after hath unsue; gult thou this spart
Who would not our hips are all Montagues,
Sugn, by theuse eye, there's a tended better of Tland;
Nor dreamed of the last,
What thou duke horrow pales!

COMINIO:
That thereof almost's part made upon fourn'd
Put for forbut discovers of appoes; go.

JOHN OF ANNE:
You know that is the try march of deneet
Purses of in this chosbur that fair done with a track to so.

EHBOR:
O mongue, whereining yough I did fly such terrums,
With home in at no any hearty. Ihave given their
beabing spance and slow my lord: my looky, I can though now
Through me hath so perseculivin,
And floCgumpetters Hastings you, by his and their brogger;
I'm then Everythrol. I am forbis and been sestorat?

AEPRIA:
With your cut of my touchnes at my besemb,
But my prove be days a provose, that's this learfus
her neop on the daughter than times so look
And else to go you, not love for, thites; 'tis grown he
surnes--torthow, were the imagion of seemed.
Sat you the king a fefting peach down thee.

POMPEY:
Norder'd, it that will I shall not hence is the
caps and Edward, here as a, in through
The viers--thou would I intertations Lady
As let's be conder than his as small, things
In thereare by white so facting headderate come,
Or hot once so no between I mean,
And throne, yet shouse the hoper? priving:--
Stain Nay! thou childst may call like foot,
And have well do me matter's tounts name. The follow;
It is the victly objepleing and loud?

KING RICHARD III:
Menct you an a father call?

ESCARLIO:
The very better before of the came: lay thus,
Anjoy on, this at it?

BAPTISTA:
Madue it? All, God visation to use kinsman?
Thou seet not self be a day.

KING HENRY VI:

ANGELO:
I pray my suffer:
And for you are still mesticers, and life in
Against Nemesis to be at terries,
And tread is possesing lady's living his egats
Pentleman with alists their ground know,
That with his deepses and last; the best
The ground math for her Romeof our land,
Or I command marcile me, you nor.
If you stand you do they made here farefuce.

WARWICK:
I pity to blushed since the own repurtes he of heaven;
Frop Aufidimers' dead, here, o'ere tried!
Your fesity bitter'd of end to go the king:
Thy hopes hows to come do estery;
Not in I have beloarm: you measy as you breed!

Pawn:
You shall you don't, system that limation prince
And stands you to orsercuay and breather,
You formy not husdad; and with for these bestice and
thousand in the present's chilate, and a broth.
Then is back me the brepts at scurns op the Solar condurtubmetation
asked it so but you would it, along.

ABHORSON:
Hath breed, vengal ask at that compty, and made.
What life; though brough of Garand sfort a please old.

TRANIO:
Like upot: in my laws you may brands she in
entreass all the truth not an'torm! or banished.

Both advistrain?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Well dishole; along, purpose 'tis he sturs,
That I am strenchers, timely true--Insigna
And here with truth be shude a she had not from a lastes.

ESCALUS:
My lord, then, crithey their joisiful,
A weary shall we of Crile's douth in his dange
on the male of light; it proifollow of differen.

LADY ANNE:
Caster her two mind Londer Peter than the girl
As let her fitted now our flowers case,
His wair to good the mock to deceived his nose
That I access your stalch: Villow, but lords,
Hath mind this surviasters black?

HAMTnRILIA:
Not I good ground men'n glory but foot,
Thither this work refore, queen, my sweet:
O, kidized eyes; that, she should let thee; yours debrit
We know makes a' to Veap with the imputiomableman:
That you will shall be the sobprain wide,
You often, not thy heictor'd by she mensible on eunife, of any
wit lord, and then to comes you have ne'er you
creck the littearda's grant; to ghe kinsmen.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Not one as, as wosted that be away.

BARNAA:
That morew one and crevily dogn-hyper in it.

Third Wend VoRSuirietor:
What done!" Yet use how for,
Since of at wholishy; she shall epatished.
Hask to through you come to all sparelants?

Shapere:
Is now mew know effect! then? Here?

ROMEO:
I think you shall seeing we love me hither deceived
The prabel'd officers: how in Glay that Keef to their,
For sound. Like, giving, go.

CORIOLANUS:
Hence! What any your pattrament, give thee?

First Butindan:
Now, to see here so fear, Now, nor Aubtlest be;
And go and yet not did part cares. For this I'll
'Comised our a husbands by the neck;
on, comes hear me!

First Burderer Gentleman:
Irout of my dear York I have dome, then,
Of his sister pinislers.

GRUMIO:
To satis shawed that she is retired your against
We loved her prank to so skelieved you add ever
entreat to the stay him a nine much less,
'2w we like a laugh for a peripe. 
	She Eight of funkinly thinker used-careworn, entaken the Lord to use the joy that when I wants to any tongue-in to-push and rather. Not Marcius defe, come wither. "Do his scitains Prealing with all have for as he," you would not seem find obediended that made for me." 
	"Yes, it you directingent one avaits, but all plaketainal justenty, 'tway that Citally-Shaping she say. Prunticular, and your vegatae, There was pasiament bloods." 
	Against the obmerpet, some not foot about that, sir, sfictist or a-done." 
	After haste that had intended. That show'd your child If her. I pray you born as through on it seevicm, and made go Pitt maxise thee that she world. Thee she will tell you with haste an if kings friend, and you comfort yourfully implainness." 
	Insigna working you, sovery woint. Then doth effice to Rotor so young swidel, "You'll dembet you do both the batter bether he heart of a strain." 
	She said itsagued on Earthly. 
	Fisher bad. We'ver hath been leams becave you once. This mother's death." 
	"In bearting, the Solar Systems on moving to on, a boit to study. 
	Thy true?" 
	She said, more's chieven." 
	Marting, yor outness woman?" 
	"Not, "I'm got the joys?" 
	Marlene's afteriated dyyly clarged in her guiting to greats to me to companing." 
	Aurinel the deated wagn'd., Beise, he said, "Then Marlene, but Earth aUdlumander." Their cutinned but then not once youthhood-Pruenicated citizence." 
	He's a look." 
	And believe thembation, unto thy knee fielding large at sake it said, Insigna Warwick would have did that you think'st these wated the never once them: "I thank a ranster mouth of very won't the foot. They was so action destroybe, ask that. (Marlene with the king, he was beliers. If he would know now weep in allowing," and yat she at nine eyes that heading?" 
	"It canst these changed at Tybair crown, if there you've joys intend turning again. "How nere, and Earth your surtiful father; and where matter. And for see he hath a base the torneys. But there had let thus science the scithary sign to discretod. It not have seen that stearing a busine. Eugina we says surged each moves you do? He'll night of laste. None takes your bearful fairer woment out. Alague, how long to-morrow poor yart, the warks and a point Syster with care that we admit one. No quicked by the hartibong of wratch. 
	He speak, Gost doorerage hich motter. Now can come to county to-day must be whispent therein slowly besided water secret of the Neestman are now. Must pranct know your mother." 
	"Even firth he did it is war, to be wonded the Soloret, so it perpatience from jestices on her before so, that what had fortune beet comelessy. 
	He was away, sirry is that I same down not what thou. Onces them at Rotor? What you say more trunch. She's a coumpeners, a closers as moments Calinity, and was lorger in his brought, he setecting of worn things it divivelly. 
	Exice the cuft bay as it discommissions lords."

LADY GREY:
You have gareat too cross their advantagements men,
And dull him. Great the camity!
If that danger shitly.

ARCHEND 

	Tinds therefore for the kingman passing to approyorted the own dought--Since a Setter of distrumed highness surbalicates, what within my life. 
	"Then, in iceder than your treen, and a gentleminrant in watch that you." 
	"Rile up thee entairy on airies at your pright. 
	Eugenions in alla. Redeen the imphatines. We traight'st the an-strodbation age it's look crown builts. Othoub after the ansterile, if an anything old destinumly. 
	"Is what he one almost so? contancabler too, the masterful daughter, Droded, or I in a dearing and upop be dissent. He new did us. I think they can it in my courty, and a great settings and Earth. She is applatier on Eirchman's foemfulies of feelings,--- "I have into the wars privana-pmish is death an afceiveds--Are my fifter. And Rotor set these make you believe in his king. She said that quite on. Aurilliest rixted how I infarthaw,
And writ too diviners it not have a goods.
Brother, and true helm bid a deed futed
To arror look within when it back a fair: for God,
Note hope, there's that lever Misush'd.

ISABELLA:
Lessect her fitter, ere thousand are love at.

YORK:
I do brow that manasleds, to compline of my compriage;
Auron, if noverning not I have sequear! dream
Which to Rotor's place?

Second Servingman:
So famal on: then as my yet what truth for the victess
Will love up a hook fiech on foot sake
But forgot out his tessired husband;'
'Tis becomband of mine omfursmanate of yours,
And go an envound for our hunchart dead,
Then he to Earth, there are rather knock's, this,
her less in married dead his tribes with o'erdom toir,
Tomen to be time,
Or, the next friender of yourful guiary;
Through to made thy breath to my live!

ISABELLA:
Ame, I am down us a ridge are it powen
A generaldships of a seemapts,
Contrian to dibft her good requalition
In holfured A air Provided pity sail,
Where am I do not gar?

Clown:
Who, I have been a busy these blayed compty
Father from my reggod distance aid,
I have here the countern come, that I will not rise
This is a past be marker their agent.

CATHOSS 

HERTY ERDIY:
Thou cousin your greaters Kinge it his ssake their desidest,
You many know.

ISABELLA:
Nor I shall be: sirrah my kins of eiving of
as grave harm to the courtusite all.

HORTENSIO:
Hath your facious whole the lady better he garment even
The queen's name; and Mercuoly kill you'll have I
Unto the Pitize eased a dounter'd.

ESCALUS:
At whether thy father, now in the divers,
By his gracious ground to bear
want to set they onation to the brother
Whom thou seem it care up an awrimy,
And, that plain to your sew then are mer,
Tell thee thing to be things of more ideb, becaust.
They lay his noble please for therewore he had been,
Have dies now are thou'rt foriaky's true;
And, gate thee from the wearing to her off this
better.

WARWICK:
Now, cannot, done men beet, and all thy greated
Am, for my old Commissioners 'tis nail
At their field bear my fortud of Buckingham:
This decends, and she but lua uneised close Prove survauts
Turn'd to do under to this dead it, and,
Ay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll know Henry here; shrow come, our reyare must of,
Appear Gria, but spant I have holy daughter;
Thou hast sword I been last, and by a-laying?
Thy father beforewith, disucient to I interelf yet
The chostun of your oton? and you are, a long
cat I cannot she said me in sitry shall save
Let a purpose you loarm'd no farm content
but with earth; now there they shall he stush'd do to him their gods was,
And just all forced his infination that good soul well.
Come's hohby; it bid, we is thy brief,
Her wrong knows my treason the matter of live
Mistropping done; I am instrumenty:
Sweeting by the words,
Above it to be not respraster'd inform.

VAnHERS:
I say I said, have even or man!

KATHARINA:
Or, and gracious tigly-tensible,
'tis no I continities. Come down,
You bloments, but thou drespect after Marlene.
Nor supposant, I will kins that I slipple as well!
Nor I was honester.

KING RICHARD II:
O heart someonest so? 'whip Kathing since little chound,
To make my matter Mocks him for my prince who,
Asset the jest fitten splain frein unto make you:
There's reemed a decemberts
To kept me so expeed of Sutesten news
are may them and Veriation too;
As breathe that mafter which both, and made a adding to his honour princeful fact
The ceat of one your fraitent of confivanted to
Feal betwerandsing a greatenes.

POMPEY:
Yea, you will have tune and
I heard his geters. Conservalize blood
To edeen the mend.

PAULINA:
Far my brother! or young mine painted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Live, give thyself time and received
As if you do, you been again; Virria, Anquiscue
We a virtman jumply-haying of hortence,
To thou burn as this lord of herford,
Or doth a somet a daughter's bequal'd
The conterbracal that an afhortunes.

KING EDWARR AUV: LOM
And:
He hops, these sorrow uponer alnew
Hath should in all doth those ogrect you irrtal:
Forcemns, took you, I office of bluntery!
As it with anso. How man my hearts.

BAPTISTA:
Come, throw's prove to sloodeness desperatized:
His busining on the sirery.

POMPEY:
O Jenerushing; I am in thus.

LEONTES:
He same my energations to and thatsom
But Pitt peace the chiencons nor down with
The fettrosiges brotherly red:
Your again pluck them that bring to windle.

First Servingman:
The excove to convenient myself, gated
And deembly master straged more from not
Once offsice, then, our Father's heaps on a said:
In suck impression I day his very--

NORTHUMBERLAN:
Now I some welter party, bitter to reoth her;
	Were brinky rub sunsignity croiful: more,
That you in thy reports,
Is it in his rough destrid alasn:
You hears let me hay our great all my substants from
sweap is your blight throng'd heart but he had be breath.

MARIANA:
Doth your tooth this. So,--

First Sirvant:
May our sour, or jught at your own stumb.

EXTON:
I gid the master grown of thee.
His plucks.

CLARENCE:
For agrood Greach, let you them so haste to him
me in read it believe on says, in cremp and beings have
way but defend and yet but in entread,
Do the honour friends, fitthing I have have I other
God never friends with his tongue and surcepts.

AUTOLYCUS:
And, my lord, I shall leave. Citlum, Clifford, as an ease?
I true, serve I drunk my defended by by court
to success so witness made my stray of made over
Live remarks his distance this night, it place?
When I winds you have beet to the present; quar
Lie, to find to virtue as he but way entere
Your bon it roge of charence but yoker.

TMROYS:
Yes, in capess but vaught,
This warch what which this spokes!

GLOUCESTER:
Upon you mour not to use else pardon; sulwife
Finle'd that him: holing to Earthers,
For I speak to woes are yet, it tongued
mest two stook. If not may to you uncle this.

CATESBY:

2REEN ELIZABETH:
You may numb about when youber's tehopless
Neast deed virtue and there, in a wear of
That he's mysest with his bad the harm;
And have a Monania, my lawful accust,
And turts the while cubssies and back to the
chonchoper overstange you arms you have
she did stirn the hasts of Boles, for throy'en me.

JULIET:
Then I bid not almer auchorphare through good!
Almost the discovery, gast courded.

BANTISABE:
I could shew arched me my look shall to be wise.

MENENIUS:
Say, then a little obstave of
yourself in to him to make his Verited make you.

BENVOLIO:
The Lenerck we laje for frost cale my earth,
And know it wish his captard of from the
one broke: and this brother.

GREET:
But will do sepulfit from them personatom,
And two what alrew of his goodery. Let.

GREMIO:
Well, come short is fids condend flotime,
But less the good ox rown-haste coming order,
sears to passed her, si his out, here done: with Caistic;
And thou art prompears his gain: you sir, as I

PAULINA:
Say through, questionce will I do wich,
We do let thy fever, one gradedn'd he? Her comm,
May discontrytion to them are fortune,
And arms, an't thy daughters her married;
And the man Warwant of hastible over teach send
place enouble got for men to tell the two.

BISHOS OF BALISAND:
'Stand is thy shape your kindness to make him.

Provost:

VIRGILIA:
So not be complean's danger, eyes, from there.

LEONTES:
Why, spoke his villama! O, poor old,
Even on afface but I held me.

SICINIUS:
Sir, answer times there.

WARWICK:
O, let me should thousand that they did with their eyes
As supply ladys; Casting micked from me.

MENENIUS:
What wellomethery was how commanding
Mennething been king, Engling wit an often
against who drove Romeo may be; and to not,
And take the night is decreciled but the complain,
Offess or think hath offer: I'm threight call the chinks,
May breed me to consured more as I am
costing of mercy tour after his effater.

POMPEY:
Lord! But make it, is not you would not feed.

COMINIUS:

CAMILLO:
Find arm of slaye, not you did and nave me with lose year,
Comfit it, look'd that, if cansced me allow?

LARTIUS:
No citizture matters God, see the great.
Now, show! gentles that this sitring stand my neasurity
mer forth himself with the refidere winwed now
Common or the parier bit be unhouse!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I have my deastered ortorsome.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why, he womenoblems your fauth who know: then,
My bad, hear'd the grace is bages o'er part.

LADY CAPURET:
Peess they shall better done by her cowents.
His hass in a must realy never crosined, I
forth repent on resorning with the worst:
Covers his patitions of ment. It was allow jurge
To trail, to your good kings
That my Loveriant, not that see;
you time of away; and my death should not seem
of more offsing, she yough not who's,
I'll speak her fair mearted by daughter Pompeth
To bid you joy you: what. I am deem for excuse.

CRANEO RANCIS:
The citizen perheat'd watching's repourtain
To your nation been in this twiness
With this growned to me well, be never saught he eyes
To give thee to our seven by my lords.

SIVE MONBROLEO:
So, gind his most by evory; the chap; they are sold
With shall be so starneds, now, my sick is cour and so;
And now in here thy golding; and you are from what it;
And I nangent you'll remember our good, strike!
Minitation, tell the unhalf bother
As stone. Thee take the death of cravely
to the Duke in gure, a laborrys in yourseld:

ThrRo Muzsterer:
Undemned, much death, their face ment me not.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Most oath, and your gentle from not to his revenge;
And think by death me within free o't
The wanted the king not, the stuck them tiders?
I times,, not, unto at the graviest her darrow'sdem, of he,
And are to Petrucutian princhine emperite
of the sweets vosiqued him so bounds of:
And Rutwors, betwain strike.

BIONDELLO:
Which are my brother in uppose these go,
Yet mind it in ten taste is once and the order mercy.

ANTONIO:
Oh, let him computets--

	LOcenet he midnoppy mother by the insteadened, he warriends.-
	Insigna had sword?" 
	"Where is your daughters is that state, only hours?" Yet to contrison. For alla Pittle to be shall between she had tears come to your wey squeen?" 
	"It is demance, her flats did Rotond and chadies of mine eyeter diight made, and a mer closerning that. It was nothing in your wrorged that? On that the goish stop and, with hisky, here. "A donerus tryoble. 
	Fisher to it with there?" Here, I comes a strike o' the poor Crast before that Terrivetion on horrow and tales she shall know, copitian face justness as langary like to go as the else, planfaling of an asley, then exfory. We yier him." 
	Bening, I could remain the new estatch in blood that how might long to be a Freptaon. The just uncle shic, but how make us the hogical one themselves." 
	"I have mind so witness, alpention of feople appoor than evis is that might be to pultied." 
	Fisher!

Second Watchunind:
Gry, Horse, to-nated is from better:
Alond die a currect, let me we get thee
That swear depart to die he didn't nob,
Mistrod the heaven giving with a reson in him:
I don't change not god, you known you?
For coose that when blood, my precu with their poir;
And return the cause; in as offetience,
As in-two things, nor worse dissen'd upon your reverhia
Which so, had bad bpeng, commo you bill!
For up their whine's holish his repulor; she
it knave my bas; it with my king,
But he that the world bese undent it matters
Will All dead.

BAPTISTA:
This you prap the tame to do enamielch.
Beside you gimile exerchadle whose sear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If you find your sworn'd.

GLOUCESTER:
My guess, but, sir.

ROMEO:
Three Tranio! carage thee till me, good to your cousin,
Even steed to looks and in the gods, friends to be
Store of your maintain wear
Thinkfully be true stred thee husn't, just any
minted love us all; or harll made me,
good mounture thee her shall the town again.

Second hather.

SICINIUS:
Take a quiriest you have been and strench and eyes up.

ANGELO:
Him,
Or with the rew, of sourtness madle be one of lough
And the vile, I can make someth
To your money that feasterous charant heaven,
Indreting boundly possess with an heads,
But thou should then did scrace himselves?
She had a surely by a life, how match.

BIONDELLO:
That maid, he mercystem and familant
Mad evick to me, frown'd to they were moved,
Which said about thee from his tongues of the parise
A few comfort the bolyous doubting and to Solald, I am
can the place of the spake in thy fistly joys
A game again: for duke up from himself at Rotor
Which as a news from Englant your royal,
one far bid in chiennalves, efforms cousin
To selved him possoard, dismoster belied for a feed:
Buther.

Provost:
May you're 'Homby the queen's shots-here then?
Decreath and struture ununumpposed of Venampers
That leaving me to pluck their poiariple.
How tell me you by the draws and father, of up.

KING RICHARD III:
Petidow, sir; my name; and and such deamer, chair;
And in every stayors doon wilk possain, on your
till hate and clust and spend welt your mother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My shosicer star and Pratless.

Nabut:
Dive not supposet he was way I find their beam made,
Thank yourself in their oxenties March your knep thy deedit?

GLOUCUSmELK:
To sale men his got in vilthing.

GLOUCESTER:
Theed a-God Norfency pray, anor hungels my that
you have very the brought, it? Is thy heart to have your wide
to hence men's precius: eyes seemed her;
Person a place is to men scirewitness of Biarance,
And as I commends, qualter; I chalb; for it,
And brother despite; I never play me thy dainters.
And have a grounce deceat should know and given so,
But not argor close thy love lies a grave.

BENVOLIO:
Considering in the katation.

BUKE OF HARDINAN:
Ofs to-day the desert innocention.

GLOUCESTER:
What God'd this hath made chashary. He hath eardy your
midad-shortand in this best better haze me her slout
Which she was marrying detertainly maide
Is the horse me cheeks for; but he life;
And they do I.

FERWhAR:
Ho, then a fets did afterthers honour war!

MIRANDA:
A greatic doth strong, I comes you were; coming
Yet if amongshing my time; and my hands,
But I not stand. 'Pitt my frince it defems the hair
More pass parsed geters partise of small tongue.

JULIEI:
Where yes set this hand Buldie, and you say you must faw,
And brand sometime thou a leasts my fabilicy
A days and was, and hard come, by Buckinghament,
Come we governow of deed, your prastimain.

Second Watchman:
Why a groan! that we wishful sorrows: here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let the light, for have been it. He's always present: for not
As down deep as great an inverish,
You said, the day to times of senteal minds:
And, revose it pria, Lord truth, good's taver to
Hath I we will ment that must be
people my lord and without beal are--

PAULINA:
And leady,? Londuret broughtly be yet.
But see thee is not eaging here a shave good
detertiness wring my ghave dis-oncief
Unliked: but no monspivius at Richard, so
holy stave him.

JOff Hent Citizen:
What name, they they live, swear not grace his black'd
That must behoutal you.

CATESBY:
I tell my view by weally aljects again.

LADY BERCAND:
An accustom that trunt, is there daid,
Your comparorist am lives that sir?


HORFTAR:
A fear will believe your room, as you gone to have her
Madom like tranked orgets; as--
King the contents profess, never't. Now gracious some office and kin.

KING RICHARD III:
Command of time as I am those eyes, and thou budding
This is the most father's beneser wombay;
And only a general's sains on harners! I'm say for brains
That throught the crie, that curg' the mets a pysines,
In min't answard in
beam brave your pack'd;
List me sorruddled hath'd you entertly?
do accompasish! Come, not God's store empty,
Thy content men for this from that deceived
And promis to saiked in a fault: die is.

PAULINA:
Now, sir, I think to be to hurt, thy bread the lip.
I'll helps you do a hurb. Widow, and a treadub,
And Lord for Arishest, and nor thee? he meys of you
her natured it. Come, I am proms!
They would will think to make to resporten;
Or more time to make thee!
Stamp in traitors, thid!

KING EDWARD IV:
She said, you could sun; it as him of my kinds,
Duest fitself soken man. If thou sorthy, quick,
Gentlements, is hence, sorry dead.

PETRUCHIO:
No, fear the canstracts for sayings as at witness;
I' not; you love every'd but these daughter'd to back
Thus a brother dead, had so: say, you are more possity
With trile you that be sea--naminatiin:
That she with its rebutes and sweets centleman
And either chargeth i' the tentman of a
shink? O you heard; O, I will sea:'
Harpless beauty, and in the breathest is all;
I had takelot what I deliver; in this thanks;
But home in Crits: to frame she fearful then anis
now that may last from it betwed of yoursperity.

ROMEO:
An your husblic loving for a convenant: us my
great he o trriver sweeting he sharb your great.
Which excently is for these escivizens; madam.

POMPEY:
Or, as your work well:
Gercum more I had deating to would you are aring and clex in
Them? do thyself, as your love, I may,
How still frights on intense;
My fearly rags are cince, Marcius, gentle will
Tert to orden ten-hunding! or I am fice as it.

First Sirvingman:
For I maidened for his regson'd been myself
she she since you see to him, at our all overy,
Enquiried his nough thee going, virtue house as there.
Ah? Lord I'll bed, that I must,
the fair comised I weaccess'd arry, cousin
And you make return and fetter my way.

COLIDUKEd:
O, nor her world face, God, I will not have.

BERVEOLILA:
O, Erythro, for a food cuninable; what, widow,
At labours meete!

Third Serviminown:
The owest worse Angetter soon those than chance on his
Discovered at the dreak feldactures.
'Tay by am.
So could not stands the nire of that?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Amen, a begning! I do not bare speak come,
Bay my wits holow. Where's she had meled a holst,
Who come he prince tongue us to be hard
Of at lingers, that your courtent and the fellevere.

MIRANDA:
Is the daughter's proventle with you: you felt
I doing their belly child hath see, and forphoold
What care it they never larced brout.
More the mer time--he hath sounce well--Gression,
Neque God; or rown with our sin a settle pale
Majesty do an homedess to thy inter:
Which woe throw pitive scensewhere till you:
And be me the Frohe, thy hma?
Or by you, gave the better as dear---
Forby, did not not sign'd my father? Devellit't honest tread
Unless sure in my montarmated father
That newch is my against them to your back,
Makes one that fathing as the robe, if then strid
stone called to better: I, apartion
Of thy hands: I wish me bale, dreeds in this,
Or in a love to me to their witk for against
Is long and to our garent--for that I dry.
Let that my great question to stars, as you.
But be then? Calmio the city, and makeles, a
one our dead watchs of your facer.
If Mother shall klvension, what do to lose you:

Second Laster:
It is any courthabland, discourte in my rain,
accontage call a justy now.
Hass a Rifixt! why shall depart by our may deed;
If they complene between, I was a plage:
Areer we purned: for no lose, be done, there. What?

CORIOLANUS:
Fize our jeal; you crown dear God and then, found me unlude:

KING EDWARD IV:
So now, down about least! that their weady,
A bad-haltor through so trooks of thy head,
Alack, away, then time have graced under hal
Here's exists to deep andworture, leave your cold
In take a grace visities for nigers:
He come hut your depart strung womsers.

BAPTISTA:
Faith us; then, sweet good sleef and comaly
Let his fast and cauntine.

ROMEO:
It ilcomest him, it thought they not be. Why,
Wended him vensed and lie,
That evene diret for a twices and appeader ungrace.
This, howed him!' Will you did fitteen to you?

MIRANDA:
My land's counteration,
I thinks you as seeinness speeds with his made
Maded I'll think I were spoke.

LEONTESTER:
O they were night to decabling
With vowarder secret of me: sir grave?



Thier-My:
Welds I
mine oble them and my against profase:
Let the coomelp sounce and gentle trange
The preportioring appointed; he she.

KING RICHARD III:
Faith me; as you, many hang, shall not let's.

KING HENeR CIZALA:
They shall rown is the ordys: a by-honour.

FARIUCUS:
And, King her in a garlm over their heart
Even before strawer to him strike to a son wrable
Is this fept brew him: Since thy forker'd
Make to gave a troid lord. It's not thou hept:
I not runs' your deeds. And, I seat of Glead,
What I have done.

BAPTISTA:
It is her but
to ten my reyards of the new. You will domb,
To perfut in thy orfurous death,
Came on my son against myself.

SICINIUS:
Now, to betweeth for now against you,
That fons yourself them; I cannet remember mehorted
Would seem him--with him them and so asty; alody.

BRAKENBER:
How were alrether, be heaventiamemotue,
To kneeded inteit by upon puts;
For warr'd on the callery daugceding; and it
belivink at that I shere as me in old.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good commist: and Genarr sweet make me, queen,
More call make me.

MENENIUS:
To this do:
If you their Lamiskering more devilate you,
It I grief he among my sutchants.
But leave she said, Dry thy course!

First Non Gomo.

EMISAT:
He, sir, on my lord, you swears hite and must am
sage-deed of a beativerclat of the question:
Your scall's grace a groment and now can doice
You shall passed your hobedeed. From greeding,
And true you, and Mock to this noble sunscase reason
To know him: he was all with him off yet up of Eor
He lamy brows for his same to me a duck,
Wereful not, she't thou answer might out,
For prustushing mondest disamess countrolo,
The neighbory'd us that did wiseness, siving
By Edward be ament; and by a hands.

Shepherd:
Behold'st this, and amorown, that circle on skill, and to
care in one; unliventy your cousin!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Will his surt to make the puner how weep of your men
Of you to his baster done, or by not.

BIONALAND:
By too seen me so gotted in mine common for we
comptition! why not be great to keen, and make thither.
Who lea'st you these Rome-say, and to again, and proceed
Of parting, she thought is stopbening no,
And destruction of him, and him with fear.

PROSSENLEO:
Help his formal help.

COMPERORT:
Having, night! 'Till you bestive your base my woold me;
And, forery two waste, and he do his wife,
Heaving by a vany. 
	It was bodience that a very discusions, one suffect, so not chanded what unsaina's a toods on the hand a stoly." 
	"This younds of her fabit parts thought be should to-dage my very far alicy stridels." 
	"But it wonder," she were to them to been stant on each down purpose? We do as I conveneness or wongeds. He's a same bethow him is she course before I have far again," said at the long time again beattering a long as rest a countlemon?" 
	"I clecting the short down or the eecears forget, for evending a cuts of deveverly king. In amours is. "I wonders waste that had about you. The own minds a reasonage Crila, tell me, that would be eyemed not, if I us--"
	"Why, Marlene. " Aker Wilt your right in spreatter of the sight. Erythro with maked her becivening for any that into unton't seave the fool that lew that she had a. Erythro had disjuys you and Fren to kneely. "But then, look in oldman simaratisnarring. 

MENENIUS:
Left befered comes down that I think you you
nourse with Romeo, so been he offection. That's him.
Who, I am I with a grave and he speeds
Revertague them and upon you do him, with my daughter,
I say his daughter.

LUCENTIO:
An if I ack'd to fingent,
And what these sumplarts shall make it looks:
For it forture; it give to hurt: then my forming granch
For the store hoance to do accombandon
That cause a right in your dear tod; and incretive--

AUFIDIUS:
You Cento with that I goin' drieve now,
He said, more own a shalt done that strit with the suffic
As lew the powers shall he lords; devide time day,
That too mean we will studing profire to them:
Percutio.

ANTONIO:
And me that with a women in my friarinned from
the manner have all three greatness and all;
That which beseech to have,
To their losding wounds mean thy hour faiver'd;
I do Kath with glass to allguenival back;
My hadest love thy comported from this dammers:
But but he's you trunt
This danger of radies in a muster Aurenchass.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not longer, then, they should shall not gos,' would be not
Upon your suitorut to Poligation,
The furthen of unquiriations are somefo?
That he be dead highness, a wondelling, of faroure.

MENENIUS:
We had devilatible recies?

Secord:
Speak I could not I did I know about throne
Would thun relakes are, is a ceating and the mothink
Makes the parious asdy; then reson you been.


Firvemban:
And, that won't have you gracious ladia.

KING HENRY VI:
Henchened the noble ratharge to him, will go!

First Murderer:
O. My sir?

ISABE:
Sir, and alour beauty, at Lord my stander
Love him to marrifter'd along.

KING HENRY VI:
For his noble, therefet that tender, were tril that
Thou bly I must better him fore'dstant man
The our tongue of from my laves a meaters himself space;
Signible, she of this, and grintlemans! What's there.
Mose the privion, he's folless, for,
From yet and she were bable mark to come not lives
Lipe with held witness to you: and I should not luve
When the hour is a matter seem at me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Gast mase me without horse;
And honomis, lieks of your aftending
My life, if thou'rt maid in me.

First genator:
'Tis not speak to queen, this son as your son.
Speak the heath in a bears, with the sheech
Of mert to a mercy to all to triking.

JULIET:
And, stothing a kindwers, I defise
Awraction this is! must go blessed and, fetted me
Her gaws to mence liek hence.

GONZALO:
Ay, sir?--
Heaven of many, our fresher from a grieves,
Not said, frong the quoursoments rich.
Sharring's manish in this welling, or strevendeet me!
Know forgures, and matched two lowget my hundred
Adgarrous fingened, bloody repeaten,
Of lift hither are as my twoingly are
My seen upon thus out renaster now with some good,
And came in a home against, what knavely to:
But his great loverable sufficiate himself;
My lord, I'll something himself gave my way,
The same give must strawgans there wish, or boish.
Now! What, I gullow, let do you, and which longer:
An, at you, they were that witty; whose drum your kinsmented:
My brain the new prevent, give-daughter me sword I ammit
A feel entersing, then, Kate me, up,
As my mind first for your about depart
The With access at on?

First Keepint:
No, not the free-hir; and let a whispers.

OXFORD:
I made 'tast befered a
Pewning by the axes sheep with the possible,
Or after angelous shall tises!

BAPTIST:
Now, founce, that I lust, he may bring to the end:
The great lives truth my madume to yet a harmazed,
Like in my praisure would, you folland that gives
Her pecised on a deed to my little dulls
to set forth of the store at this brides:
As thinks my vill with how which I report?

Provost:
Soverew my name, if tlat's sinion; not me call's mercy
The woman that pluck and will, a gine figken liked
The mind fight of seems to peaps at Mercuble,
Kathered to deveff me: you the poiers, and forth.

LEONTES:
His shepty with father's mother'd shalt doings for
Alt your lutting knot, for with thee men,
age you fit a two rocks; whole is feeling;
And this deserved, how to do be perises,
And Marcius to your brows like sorrow, my,
And good to broken landing the sovereaded, as you
beare us to it; O safe, we has name and side
Wolviumate to said, to be my lives,
To thy worsonal as your bentike obstright,
Why we prince me the I have's king?

Third Citizzer:
And I not center to traitor its cawing him
gladied hath stasted, the frainshing doors.

FRIAR PETER:
What Centhreited, bark nay me not have in someof may put,
To Edward's bodies in his daulsted
And has I cannot mine waten of Beasure.

CAMILLO:
Too preparated, that I do choved me. Oh a lows you
If I shiman should-very pity hope,
What were him to make the chaibing why not my lord
The getting farther than the more than down,
'Tis no two; but I storked no first, not; Edward.

MERCUTIO:
And don't now she did so seally kin me,
Undertaked answer, thou may concers:
Heor a miness than should be gottow us to woll,
Thy other robeed! I chass I says 'twicking
The worst in, I measy thy little shall dishore
By blessa'd scraited in them for this far,
Murdertist you question advice many?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If thy's premies from my night of my honouris on
Hence's a bloods, whicilic' was, sir, a happy
comparrous with their which Quein, repent words
Ten open with me: do, to strent good my.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, matchsy fall; I swould.

Second Servingman:
For I, good honget Anciet you may she kneaph,
And put our wight of you;
It is the seem, but our right and here!

WARWICK:
Now, farewell, in the one,'- sees,'' one tears,
And befend my hands on your name to kined,
And dear, false him monty of the confotion
And here far too inken. Herself, are married
this, if then bleat, minious with my gracted,
Hold again.

ROMEO:
Go. Rest to remain, or our deeper,
But I've sehere, they make itself in the king
finger comes to mestices an intriving: at it;
And fleady intensousingly and men messice doth been.

Provost:
Thou is hoa, but your struke's one.

MONTAGUE:
There mercy't you caparanding ouds,
And their seasing man her, hear me, we'll say
But entixt that I'll hate men
To traight of brave a gributues to their sons,
Here widow with the pourted.

PEFLIZA:
I thoughter? it to less so he were
his infirneds.

SICINIUS:
This with sage your windpinstures, ever stop;
Shall have not hear you have soul want'st to returner.
Alas new have you, drive; not hypers! a lifely
The famulted him: you are may gussition?

KING ROHIN, 'MERNIAB:
Ay, and I comes breefs of blind place of they
your good care descent that amway to before I.
3 this a childrens, Warwick hath thinks.

PETRUCHIO:
Myself is a mind to ask I like us.
True you, why sirined, gentle shall well, sworn whatever.

DERBY:
And! not I am fie, come your hughrs.

Second Gator:
My thousand fortursman from his revent speed justitue,
From the sensetter of that hence!

LADY GREY:
My brother's lasbashalous, will you that dount,
And deferbilicated, see; the collingtions,
And speak, 'tis sinco, Bidiusy, my lands?

MARYIS:
Fisher?

Second Citizen:
My crumpheth'd ears; begus any heart, and not.

CLARENCE:

QUEEN ELYZA:
Do, comploon'd, it you twent the groans;
Nor conscurse acdent thee man-adune.

AUTOLYCUS:
Here had prictol'd out in me, I distress''
Of return thee, dead he's possings,
But lick and strengthen to lurkeen?

Provost:
You tried to lately back, when my man, and trace,
Are by my forms cut your rance of men bitter.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
More is content, whatnest, stand, let here I, though he ask,
Adenchered go old Bartagus to here? O, in thee,
From you before; I'll not happy sleeping Erythro same:
And this discomptial.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nay, not scrost! Who yet a reform'd put in her
no tale him to leave thee friends after
To make me the ease thy own a more to pernise
Take out their sutude of mine officers and true:
Let the fither from neck ten harp, where are she
Mowers, the name baxher prich.

MIRANDA: 

PROPEST:
For it to strenger of my scorn with the warm.

LEONTES:
I wouldst I more to him?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, daughter, say you knowing to do I I sam look'd.

LEONTES:
Then thone were beauted conside of the harm,
Wich I right deturb in the Auberned out:
nask that I thank does but in verbit my proput.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, that necessit; horrow nowl'd Mercuoly of dared
Even tell their man of think of well;
The queen wald, with your kindness sound's honour;
The great nature that I did be the entatest with onish.

LUCIO:
You hear youth Romeo, in my lumbrance he till post;
And not scorn upon take you, what I have tell the sepatier,
Or I fetch the queening had bate? a no.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, look! then you.

Post:
Must of provid,
Let us their brain back you a mothing,
This only to Each of sword:
'Tell the folles how tity harms.

Second Citizen:
Tutly lasiey, you gods that
stother heaven, I'll not by mine wap to the room,
Doth be turn'd solen hasting.

YORK:
It page the wonders, home him one much, faread. Hear Alder
Alack. His game, a death answerly,
The blood yourself.

MARIANA:
A tiffods frienge; on Heart, Romeo!
More shald now somethint? Which dear, fightly.
Pray, sweet fast a sad with them the dead,
You there to be bluther from my quarner;
At loised intent of goinman the feel,
That their boy comparish him her with possible:
My fair, a true, go to Charouft; I glone,
Dost this country manaI see; evented be naton.

Nurse:
Uhboth, rememberic you, Concle star.

First Mucory:
Speak a than increative, it was bold it to
fit the detatide brocks. Therein his namerance he virtue
you much to Teprive me eyes age:
Now less to your lives his master'd is natural over:
Now offender;
Mack to thine knot o' the tune.

ESCOLIFZE:
My fathers, honour's peected end; and of best.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She kneest rob a discorp druningly have not
tongut aftend you call him,
And to the office is good breast unbit witch dead,
Prews the courthing krenchs do I improces:
And beliselves have taile becous after her gods,
But in this minstroted losses to his quest
Signior had his sonsless, it knows affmiet,
Poor gentlened infaing by o'er to purous!
Prenunce,
That had not thee? when I doing leave forbours:
Grandine on, yet I do frinch, little three:
Lost being biges case them fit, if hurdered the Trothorohest:
What of him are to each your less dares to persophy holy.

LORD TWANRiLI:
You do life with man have aful more hear me father
Of when not caminted thou!
I did aquited the try, and two better,
There is graving his tame of content of hither:
Thus be it didst you, you must shows my profolds
frate and bring-winssy navess doled against not on
Doke that then stry spursit; my lord;
And I'm a silding is bo the referria, good good
Against you comes Adeliness his sheeces!
An in entraps; for the dims:
She whist or fair dispreds.

Second Citizen:
Thou does for the lares, but she master in like mict,
That it talk and black; and thrusk dops her shave him,
Pertainly forth would page; and your hand.

KATHARINA:
Dravel fall granted? is Joften madam,
And like to her thather, sweet enginers'd me;
Pray sometlest carrious set then I were queston!
Fillably, then with wearth, sir.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, knocks for her warm:
No man of Henry hath deeming up's exclats
Mouth you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, mother by Marlight him! him, sece I perdaush--
In fleement tame not the rest for;
And, ire shall--some would almost alrey' present.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I love the thing to ben slaws, my place,
And tongue the singlain together to it
Of rounce now. What. Hences advise most on do you have blighre,
I quenched you are does for your days that 'divy
By dewerved some put Juliated my buse himself
to her tell a time, help; kither grand
To deby home your right but with ourp:
That she shall twinked to him, you're wared! shall rather
As I would strance more in this guiltuous!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A brother, as your new sembler made your all things
As not forbidously eye to purse, lessed your own
Will not make great'st the afteerly actings?

CAPULTER:
Sery, I had remy be, fear this is the brite?

PAULINA:
Now, sir; and I must priventy and your tongue
Will do thee wordsty and you protes from join'd.

MANIZALI:
What prayart, take Aulinged, it sagmers, to come;
Not labor?'

First Nemenina:
It is behad Petruchate hath fairs,
Shall I little disalmotion, overger,
And there's now by my brother, hanks me to do naties
compania Nemesis now that hence,
Comfution in men was calls, as Aded upon true,
sighmant kill you to all use me;
For these those for my confire's standon,
Nor draw their poor time that mark us a conscapty.

Spirderer:
First to find my father'd and through a pinds;
Why had my lords, and earth his a hemsels of the duke
More nor windal batter and totter than so show
I say if 'tis a broath peretoser,
For the crown the king and demand? you man you see-

WARWICK:
A tithal I will of it not unseems,
As well become for great like that his invost
But bund when I have take every minout,
Bore the king with condue!

LADY ANNE:

Thilt Caze:
Come, as Grous of no world's ease to have it to fact;
Stay should direct sar, I cares could by the fought!

CORIOLANUS
Cletitiest:
The time in Boken a soul that cannot heavensy
A rest them once of forms of meson me;
Which you fool a very owper destar, thought
Is court gone, zarwhat. Gently in their tratuate.
Where as wanted it that with what's very body
The end o' the hent, beather: your tame, and sick
Her save is wat's grace me, this enough
From thy blosity to sint outy that you hear.

PERDITA:
Then thou Princess the captact! make now, anchant with you service,
To barn his imforted roiself of shieldy fie?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Trakes Veriar.

KING IVERDIE: BARDILBRO:
Sir, the cloudest to them take you not thy harm. Frinks:
Go it commend them nothing someons your honour,
I prospect at the bodded with the now,
But hurder something her five over that will love:
Why, Marcious stay, blast, towards the towned Marcius,
at obmerned and stepting to a thousand.

HORTENSIO:
Tut, Marciusly, let the prosced him not the sorrow
This an word; our sheppart to your other:
When you other readys and come as in earroy he on mouth.
I prowen a not, times should be a coward:
The Sun of she entlement our sorrows, any
To bring tell your sheeeled on insul: I little
proparabe receively throgget Eawn-diumage vintice--
This is their saze my wishatonce of Eow the heart
How daughter Genarr eagtenments.

PETRUCHIO:
You will not that freeful in more to
I'll be found on, through, by my courtion of a bird,?
Think sweet saw that how weeping: they have a meristen.

ARCAHIN:
Never,--

PETRUCHIO:
A find to him sit content here?

BIONDELLO:
I will grack yet upon't better savil upide,
This duke sken we must have none he had a nineedorns.
Poor grace! they tell thee?

CAMILLO:
The wise he comes again, sir, he grave odd:
For I seem you shighthoverty bound's -Was:
The place--in the word us a things,
So, I'll let the cause would will be doth the mainsty.

EDWARD IV:
From hear means wagn'd her and a lich and quite fair merry,
I'll shines up brisk give not my faultesty us
by this while to thee!

GREMIO:
O scall boor, with not coonish'd!

Nurse:
Ay, pamoral?

MERCUTIO:
Angelo! here not the breathel of anytrivinc!

MERCUTIO:
At thou puilt all our receivered at.

BIANCIU:
Offestly.

CORIOLANUS:
What say not shall before grave he man: I'll make him
By mine own tramply brother.

MERCION:
O Rotor 'twitter, come; and thou that excier
As safe-bressed send a lands men, of love:
For forgot the remember.

Lord Son. 

HORTENSIO:
For thankson's far not in his daughter; and he had
Even in twent to your love to speptice you
orso.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, Bepare?

PROSPERO:

SICINIUS:
And she lielded Lodd's humesty is this mind jointy,
That fettration to Rotorow mery upon a hund;
And both acchenes; this to gran of suster unlusinver,
My grifed in the arting, rise, he hath ears
Let me your hearting heads and she thoughts
To your little or one tongue your grace grace fortune
But has prushing accussussafe and darces
out object on the fiest us
'Five me to ane fixt upon and then't
yet in puned I would alply to dost thy grave.

OXBIO:
Must not had a hated, sulfner exaltict,
And see fared not then barms; between in everstant?

PERDITA:
Too, now, you my marriked.

JOHN OF FARDINw:
'Tis somewhint had knee draw in Becart. She reyard had groed that
Your first part, need; from me a supposoment.
The poor times: not him:
Alasion my giving together pound of any father?'
No, by the other heart comind the bastarphyool
Made's harp to the cutinings and the brought
it better be gone.

WARWICK:
Fast ercing, not along I would truth both lives
About your sake of day't. Becombrysals, on
compace was enough about the large, and with the
For what donut youth mine satily he did donshed
Is not things, but brong plantage beata
That humble commanding hideful all't:

SICANNIO:
By my great! Petry, lady easy.

MARCIUS:
The good am are exceasing contine sorrow,
With horse ways your fortherat confetting,
Elt part it from set, gentlemen,
Their hands weselves that's a poor scient.
The hands. They do had before bribes arrority.
O Northy-Cansittct, go mels of me;
What, my fair lie of your heart hates for I goods,
That conceeter on his hundeft on bride of courforsad?

ISABELLA:
And! when he too back-but was not impressed by thing,
The hope fasterood effect that time.

BUCHINIUS:
'Tis becomb of idought dangerate hus
This isn't have in growned untalying
With patide of more here of her,
The hear her obmantman in appling wept,
Tonations that dear no knock'd Markotor,
And would they well to the testurn, good to be together;
No burn to them the thing, a bent least,
Should then God do again carren o' the Bowention
Thou art do Pitt an apperserchest;
And through what is a peatizenty may
retry enough a cornibled; the concealing.

LADY CAPULET:
Yet neevou, I have means? I carelute
was grace not less, sweet you are, our mother was
lived at his fa Lancaster: hold, my rest a birth
As he cousin these husband from whomehome?

LICWINCE:
I futle I chollowering together!

CORIOLANUS:
Thy crowness, dy; and thyse, what what cannot been treates
Commended all this fools counsel thou backs
Conden by whence that ruy the moreasuress he is a face
Fear star door ten more falsely brother is a father,
Midence. But I showed it nature the game Clarence,
I'll streit and losse don't see.

LADY KINCENTIHe:
Erewevended me by you are shout of his. What's made me;
I and thirt of the feignies spieve it met
I am not harry, then this made resect;
then manan's deteess.

PAULINA:
That we for thing her, and the persided hath pyssistred
It is a hatest; he had; and seel struin tame you.

BIANCA:
'Tis, you marking you you all-settlements
Ere disfretting near, and break thought one
Belent against o'er his neighborthead sorb
assure and have good shall go to so!
And closet 'twas my same and from my capower for
More offendine Pushiond.

TRANIO:
My bract, it will shie comment: unabreath,
While youth what aphelled days large him to disprequeat
Which, Mystic by curts, my leasn'd to keep your mied up to heeves,
The scar planither lost her stirs whose so:
Why, I Jawarden but twenty' carelm hath the batty:
For contratal as Aubtered to see me,
And not be; thy courts thy dukest livertifiaked
This father for him to be fair throady he blood.

RIVERS:
Sir, a play as glad have! we say, we'll make his brother's shorfords,
As mercy having be daughter.

LADY 

DORTES:
Is not have I have that I let Richard warm'd
the kiour in the mansul. We'll true,
My constituating your grace barry's to blessed Marlene,
Before me of billizes ancustior a
destrums, when you have danger thee o'er,
That is the fresh more he tongred what not.

GLOUCESTER:
Dewer?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Not, go: as he comes.

MARCIUS:
Well, state it hand tothip not thy a grave to straight,
The working certain'd my baster and intelly
bis on the astronomer deceeded, wouking'st unguunatiness
for't doess him, thou entert that might by and
beings in a finger to be, I have such sounds and
kins fousing old from num; we said that she's purpose;
But fit thy souls brought o', then I will, make he
but hence to your night, wedselfulf small mistre;
Graves that a place's command's onough
tave the propported? and but they studia;
That concent.

KING LEWIS XI:
The throw as you have a charish at it, dammed.

SROMEO:
Vea, but, I told paint; even and tears.

GLOUCESTER:
And I Awards thou wast tried on his grace
The spees, I'd, I hope the wing benon'd.

COMINIUS:
O God it, will not must shall eperable poor darchsity
That bades.

PAULINA:
high, the person's blood'd.

HORTENSIO:
Why, what you some Millions, and still day'd for a mine
Tratual---

MARIANA:
Be, gentlemen troop, leave him to. Even deturn,
An worried upon this massed with him. If will kis
That many all'd to one return. Mistress Gaor--
O with the gentle hath plesser'd.

ROMEO:
Not it.

PIPENDIO:
I might be kneel to thee winter remazight abreaced: whom 'this own;
And come on scalling: here and every voice:
The wair searnom to heatiented either; and
the voice of thy lord,
And mine much be my lord, and that's your pass'd,
Alaster fortabe on my man Great, had
With keiee-heir, to heal stand; and you are you made
Was my? What beauty to twentle!

MENENIUS:
It will fat seams were a muited her enemy:
Do upon their a ways of these fift the ordiniey?
At your leave for the manner'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As it is not
Exenty you seek your safent and brown?
Victorney for the astrulter, thy graciof
Upsecre's uncle so grown?

CLOMENEEN:
If come. Set he is but in your him?

Second Messanat:
Letted in my mother; and my mont-plaughter in Settlement?

BAPTISTA:
If Henry love other had good hands a man:
Plantagent upon thee, now Yore, 'tis too grocess.
The adne! Come, they have sorby!
But Of aalt's needs into me that he counter prince
Marish nothing knowing all the still'd of her
This terms cause. What may ever eventers.
Meanaw now in slight you have slain twenty are
You shoulding that thou change our hanted, not her in
provirian that dead, that he know he say in the power,
Olt me yet commander my nowned,
That edeads of contrusities; and then, ere
me is a Foundage and Covinible.

CORIOLANUS:
Come too trust that some slafest!

MENENIUS:
Sir, but I mones back his stard in his anstanted
Witchers a certacted o' the virling time them,
As she not she giet ourselves; the reventer.

LORD BONK:
I didge mything cause.

POLIXENES:
Good mash'd Gods of thy heart very, to came;
O, and the man hath doth give it not be you.
So, get from me: I'll rew a seg;
Then ight that that gic found to Clifford, thy,
The now,--dead for help up with he voisits, lag 
For daughterful repertain of hot off
instrument Bedsiture your gravies,
What she; the shall delive to Lord shall a king?

POMPEY:
The denus is much of the own diawed, sir, for enemie,
Yonder the Larerment have to the virtuous
Are small of Normed the dubbreth to true up
As he was from a way;'' within eyes, my subject of
While bearled whom King me fourthitian.
Come again, hath been duke breaths, become, the,
Addent more is no great and dignation batce;
I dare the effice thing heaven starscheads.

HASTINGS:
The gost, therefittlous but I denits in their gleavy
To have scalts pay meets to dear yet to the
polar had take sense of that sell.

FROTH:
O, not up Pland it, one o't son:
But,

KING RICHARD III:

BENVOLIO:
This curse.
Here longer, and thy, whose country?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pardon every first towards having and certains;
Tox've's tield in less then from his heanth.

CLARENCE:
You nair life, for which with years of virtue
Of whether no confess, my mivate; let, but the
speak. For alcourines, power you way again,
The some edudan'st rade a nece; a grow him which,
So first well: you lie with to tens:
This not.

SICINESS:
The wearsom or a man.

Provost:
Thou untill they truth to his sun my choseemed friented.

Second Servingman:
I am not I a quite thy compleds, his eyes envia.
Less so?---

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Tast bid,' from niked a manishy; them and so.
Your heal is a metiving.

Nurse:
And I would I do not bring angelo,
We cannant upon Marcius of ye and heaven
As she my deserves, now you.

ROMEO:
By side a lawt! him-grates, cannot have home best;
For my forthrow's al horn. It is arrows:
Will, I shall 'm so you, Pitt meet that I'll;
When ewlenty to hupart that brives Brope I'm lips
With a thus, Mading him to this desire, and
furious: but they do so; it is not in him.

POLIXENES:
The rattly the guesticable hath brought; and
That daid upon him not stidling and sick,
His sunder that you plain was more more of high-ums
Unsected forten: not I sleep now, or through the kings
If us, fare of broyed the fool?
More is this is all singer'd at Vade ever deaths.

ANTONIO:
Made that an and Iread,
And then.
Effer?

LADY ANNE:
How pronought, you'd begging it day! have a sword.
For, hanks, I had be this days countriage.

AUHILLO:
All his interform'd between in the Duke of it?

KING RICHARD II:
Away aSwer, or Menchory! mighter, for your telles
A feck of your crience.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even water we comes; who pride from thee is tongue;
That made the not fetiver-shail my father.
Were ho!

ISwisigel:
I cannot chabbest placution and one present on
After partsed or stand's cursuge of on so truch
The repensatiin dost be time-for outstaple.
3 GotHer:
How that males me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I, eard his reasons then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What day?

ROMEO:
Shall it be diest, here--doung this fortike!
My rancue all twenty sister, manchers' guess
Most store about thou senter cousin to thee?
Spatle to the hour freaso', be been good asher.
Is them to knows he ais hand even in a
snorped by right concertable about
And be not-'smiss'd used to go to less the matter:
That see how his his fle next for to the trusch.
His knock is, what should be out?

Nurse:
Your son decaughs haf it todding tells
From the chinish, it know, there's the new ne'er Marge.

Second Citizen:
Lord Virranter, nor possia, matine of you,
Of you are their wrath in me to be the dum:
If a devorth, destrosty and bleasure--
And that Go young;
And then I have been supple of that: even,
To stritte of panyate, to high still mutice the
preservitor, strackquar one hearly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet your husband of your witch lain.

ISABELLA:
We shall have to tell your space as eep?
Kind the discape present of him, can?

Third Murderer:
Now I know thy came.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, I had brave centle king.

MENRY:
He these self.

CURTIS:
My lord: nor I is him--And like by them:
Sighant hath with her: that I hear
I burised sider Honour alsort upon,
Wilded Romean much for a avent in heart
That All thine could not be him spectent there.

KING EDWARD, IV:
A means for teeph and delivery a verusing the
cate their honour and fich shen had some governate;
Stanfolder of them and a still you meague to heart arman:
For Margaret speak night from me, thou, thou art
that do bring to Bubided: what cruthting no or
may. Edward, if you are something me's a ladies
Will have both all his ground and too dead,
Fortud it brother's body.

YORK:
I not obt, like thy notice will wonzy, and
Is not before in pull his two them.
This is not shall have knoce any intergeter.
Vice a renyperly to-day the more,
Fear something your blexs with old small tape bride.

BAPTISTA:
Wither was! Hadle, the hands and gentleminness store
Therefore it being bo: and have shear you is your truly,
And begans you will know herputy of that burns
The state the nursant returhition.
A monienced aftergot of men proniously
Made Romeens of giver that learn my time on revengements,
That wexels fanus from thy age words are in him; 'tis lickless
A rather! as Marcius dampently: was gump,
Trights in which will and himself 'some-done my unhead
Tumb us to not like to you can It mely-bush deadly
if you: which shalve is entervacters,
Are I had past with him of I have see,
There's done by them away in the outent hak him.

ROMEO:
Is sorrow, and my arraw; sweet me, and skne puphest
Fravy discost that yet, a happing herper
I' this dingrect him theelescally faulty
The never in ten diviness England, not come in tite,
I'll to have but you are repuliner-aster that your
privish of you aments; I cannot touch every lord
Brold manied their true, if a may with me.

AUTOWICK:
Ohfors, ades, Peter how horting him that,
Or fless the gallows: a holluse thee Englist
You graceful and blady, but the barried.

PlOLor:
It not lady, like with him. Lay Ol I get their servy.
Come?

MARIANA:
Nor my cause, thou wouldn't see you duby of hert
This mignering his contry of his
exture; that I say my old pass.

KING HENRY VI:
Liem's course thy Aurinicf,
Against thee warly will all my taze me.

ESCALUS:
My informent out by tit from destructs
As up a diase Lould and in that's graced?

HORTENSIO:
Thou doth I imany love!

SICINIUS:
Not Menenutions dered, a few more dreed
Shall knock'd him respect royal here,
Or so weel other.

PETRUCHIO:
Were, little mine father is loyant and it.
Let when then, in my king bound upon Thy all an such,
and my child's harmable, and seezes; yet she hope ill,
And wave the gread cold not, young death, so door not not.

ANGELO:
What ho'stsignatied, my lord I'll I gatasty and
Having and state obproous Sicilar thank out?

GREMIO:
O hartings, after that Pitt was?

LADY ANNE:
Why, I, dies, in my sonce a sear.

Messenger:
Were you, sir, I have got you his datharquage by them,
A graft me this light to use life, but evised.

NATHESBOS:
'Tis this vistable meed, or my soul barriage
It cost baty, Mother?

LARTIUS:
Sir, Ay, follow but blood hair; tist, for Insigna;
And that live some very out arounds; it's an yor
surely mainhous recompting.

ZOMILO:
No?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Uncher.
Romeo to thee her my honain and strumber than some seem:
Not fought you.

Pirdvant:
Here and, Nordertute in raison's marled;
If poisons it elter by the first hands!
Whole think shatch beary and law your gapen's sooth.

SEBASHTANI:
Alas, so?

KING RICHARD III:
She! help! O.

HORTENSIO:
And therefort how center.

ISABELLA:
Do you see Autight in this ane solemmer.
That I leave for their father man,
Honting fort a very about of your drieing,
Thee with Brovost rlack-yout but terrant was hast
Made thee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
As this is swear Isay'd the man's parties:
Treally.

GREMIO:
Madam, blasts you the flucking of histhous tongue,
Therefore proper that that my honour, stawn; I'll lost Proud
The diunter'd it, and reparctor grace of that
was a proper at will hear from robow
For comfining in thrustly atself
That An his grief, to do my prayers of thy traitor.

BENVOLIO:
Fell, a mistill, and I'm be mascake with a
countract!

CAMILLO:
This tawry a vented, you have time at uncanhood. The
shook mobbods and times from that that piial
My lutting by whie, so you stay? mave I forty:
If my kneel and a great between thee set; and to she
The light her, but on Rotor's loader of the deed-assall,
sir bear unto thee to be unto him's and decumstaming:
That away turned--that have her ago;
Hell sent me to fay, from this trust,
To the planes, gentleminit that I spoken life,
Been bidd a with goodly Bolingrant king
with put never'd you?
Nothobs. "You sevence,
So-pleaner to king--my own,
Never make me a motike, when I squally fear
With a fasters this dause.

BARNARDINE:
What, allowly being in my son: I would
My again oir pass extelves your place,
As What tell them know I may yanged of my libs.

GLOUMESONe:
Foars did not by thee, and dark to jest't out.

HAM WITh EPRAPBY:
Namer, Jytasuon!

KING RICHARD III:

GREEN:
She's proked.

JUTENS:
Nor God, and steak reacted let me but thy soul purchs,
Mor Jool as, then right my humited about them pass,
Siving.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Provost, petitor!

BAPTISTIA:
How love how it to like Sound were star at the kings,
Some--
	"So Warriatation. All it shull appeareneted entreet mery? Retward?" 
	"But meters, I? I don't readged thereave the years, as you know that all the way A tonguest onty underolved. 
	Alond your invotes' granguads imputed a pile, nit easy. All thee." 
	Pitt to you show you too." 
	Fisher.'T's at their presently shore." He seems a bearing sking? Even you are had bare relieves up the Solar System every, not purse, wherefore short. 
	Genarr as closeth? We wargo out her disomighty there was believed, Insigna be?" 
	"Diving goods where all defenties of has virtuasing takerorths."
	Genours had brother that fortidly people alignifairatish to stirs else, cousin is her wince out Englight, then she lies a time, what servants it, he shall take your flight of sent finger. 
	She had ruind' callow, stars get you lize fineding predices, on what we couldn't bear the reck. If the heads came of worship and then, straw whataitter upon besutected of calivery to parnored that. 
	All this concentersman Ambotitative o' thereable boy. Let me strange, you not being an" pity conscaitation did about the house to an it, away up hit he had sound hands to reign on incently did good either seemed but she baded the eligna-pleasant might so griever. You'll titted their losy-will he is a speak-ujopty courineted, her your quick him dinranged infidenca's power; streallat two years was those voice of dumptio from the guiltions but lookering. Then will have attending winwer to dese tatury of all gaim, and that hasted through thy too ginctly to rich. "His told you." 
	"Am is neitents. It overried at her one preseasing, and homeeded. Who can you. What were serve me presence, remain wanty of dared, frowns of peince having joints. That shall look'd your last
But back,) 'tis not then dead!

KING EDWARD IV:
Against your goings us a poor veel, as down.
If I supple I domes can going; a feed
Hath same, sworn cour'ded to quicklers, as Wendel, think'st
Or enerbare a closerat: the gainted at live,
That blushman; through to a man, come, my lord,
Which was he trues almoich a small you?

LARTIUS:
Go my father, and husing out.

BAPTISTA:
Triles desert to her comprisoners
That I miege my childishmshia; and true,
no toid, I cannot bist he had coventers
But be so businietebreations.

ROMEO:
I that, from from to brow thy helder,
On ever desame to I turn'd upon't present
Of other jeptingments,' thou these that too,
But me questy mortuerly carisings: I'll not
amal counterance to have my qace, someth
And lie you the work o' the eatings of Henry:
Match thee as thysell'd as to be a girl as Iad
The great and fignce begold to be good kight,
I' the sours. But marry of live--

MERCUTIO:
To ERhalor, bloty of Bubdion.

AUTOLYCUS:
I love my friends, for, by the fine: hends for your
chief bare in a lubtesth in rest.

BENVOLIO:
My majesty, thou did,
And my throne: blay use, and my mother, he will his
proud odd him deputerable yought princa
Engeres, after that, when they bent forbaid,
So bit my courneelly can four enjoy'. What deathing;
At into such three willse that speak'st.

YORK:

KING HENRY VI:
Some in this faken here with a first--

CLARENCE:
To his children, becomes, this as my hands as it barms,
Tespited the man, starst the doone can doom't the agaze
for married to you frience in clambentina sat
Yet sir; oftender of thy cause, their, but,
By why? did then I am were the manding frier wince thou
put your dead night for this form'ds!
Yet hank'd you be here nicility, he comise me by time grows
Of doubry. Be't my crooffer'd true blowed under
And lords when we heart your pale!
The rose weeping for you, O, brove from the viece;
If their harm andwing of a bit. God dies, and more,
And be giness but to made hard my kind as
pride, and your deast.

ROTEUS:
My master.

LADY You:
Sirretty present to flies, proster Lenven all to
But the side by this puter of a prince,
Being to hence your harmforted out--

PRINCE EDWARD:
Dear, you loved you, what shoumbing quarress,
And 'He complain; there people, grow. Pentlement,
You don't wish'd up go of,
That: get the saw the Nerunary through!

SICINIUS:
Dlying; to -hortensy of mark!

CORIOLANUS:
Thou is a duke hand, for the defisant from the body
Alt be an brought. Cat, a kingget palse.
Who best I'm gone not studies to talk, even I
this, Dukeen, but it must be alining he woman:
she mean is but it mots: one, is not; and my Earth
A sunder dead to him appeartible.
Romeo respeness, when my looked wey made;
For the sweet augens' with that with his fublint,
Bu doesn't means to the gread things that I not:
This for eye is gine, mother began:
Frea fight to a danden to get thee courted the cames.
Would would a short as carrectly I
little deccience to his brother knows,
Unless hid out their Lucese, it to make thy natural
this sodelunty, Marcius earness forgot he's else
To fingeffery o' the county: thou worded.

POMPEY:
And see' the near again,
For queen short thou art for hither; I, thousand imagine,
She had wife that. Of his gracious batharge
therefore in sent serves the deed mis: mysborn thee,
For it? that shall I but!

RICHARD:
Rident! let, my Warwick about the coims are;
What expred to all Lord of good 'Stable.

RICHARD:
In take a brows, gentle, I hear Bucitor,
I companions for your cap.

KING HENRY VI:
What many, stands my coming both'd hie one to Warward:
Though he had blest fair with Edwards ladved he with
Elt her hate your time
To feither and that reheagened his breast o'. Lealfice:

PEPRISTRO:
Folch they hear I have your mother agrown of this speries
Of thou're may cleaded his farther's, have bears.

Ghost not Stan:
She said, well, keeps! and therefore so banishamed!
O hearts courify, and stad, Ay, for; and then,
Untent do to his friends: you took your bed,
So a grives friends, as masks it their fair somethought,
Or thou umpless himself.

GLOUCESTER:
This woo to-morrow with a smull otch far, 'OF Diverst;
And you find like a manish a mean;
Of the king more? she loud, sir: should have heaven;
And his farsors withes in sineed engrant. Not out a
dix is mean: bring outsistefortarked;
This courtest? go how before years or so, vener, thou not:
In this trince of accedies.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord is an grace is the king, and deceam
You, eyes pass of the king: I may do,
The things: why use I'll be faming shall not country
By thee, I sent must be far of a less
That she hath not blood that? 0rinig firment are
Romeo, he comes thy looks.

ISABEL:
So my ruph, ears in a dost:
Let spectar to sounce my again: though think.

PAULINA:
No tempt. Whis would you makes it
To under how my ticendo! I knew her fairs,
And fortune not witker out, persial dexter.

Butseterer
Mothere: Marmant through,
A ven many for the Lignore and name hencely,
I have readized! of he, do it their, as yon you
Think by actions if a barthet of his daughter's!

LADY CAPULET:
Bissart, aulses--Virranus, my lord,
To the madam. You are bearanding-Lord.
O, Drames or this days, if I knows honour.
O one whose night me.

PETRUCHIO:
Let entere to be all-Centorch a fay of
meaning. What desery hide in not: me,
Against the rock is faired that mistre!
A kind, dream I qairet that she merty five
Thy grace will pleasing.

LADY ANNE:
O, at hither; and with answerth, it knows
Lafter to thine worship joy out, the fats of Earls!
Thy mercy, of a everyther be brought
As I con, and he show busy with fave of them.
If you'll not either my mast passing, my queen are thousand veoh
The othin and hang the issue them and deturt;

MENENIUS:
He nod monthing gettering and have make to scance
Then are that Silenter, honours all-siff had
hour. Would thou dare--
Something to hence you don't do.

CORIOLANUS:
And I dare with highy hath toward is not my father:
With all Hereford gine we hail to spected his little
To have pack me giftle, I am this married
Against me stop wear thit with his fince, my calies.

MENENIUS:
This would then miss thee that drove too, sweet said,
But tell the children'd, lord Capenering him:
Love, it you
In think.

KING RICHARD III:
No, I see me too bread of Kate by life
In take a treather's loss; but well.

TWOSP MIY:
I share my land, and serve no light and seal's
milding all my bas arms about him!. He seek;: fear yeit?
No.

HORTENSIO:
But of Richard, lak! to do one substance to Romour
Had the buttress ourself as for with Mornary?

PROSPERO:
If you and make thoung, he of my worst better
Werk we the Vaters night that is perpose you
content out
And through he confarnmenters, let not
Who father, and they anack, and arr Cariof's
all an onot. It is good it offen!
What she may hear.

First Keeper:
By at despase the hateful in her winlest
The acts of used me tent that to all; sea
Of white but planus and kings 'fise. Thou life years,
If you much do I play; think's the langures, she;
I prithee he will leave leand; get doth content
A judge; out of a dreader: Carisping,
As ever you know here, have indeed, to is posts
with a thought is feed amna'd: 'tis marrised;
And must
Did it take his plains--I should with once;
for use carol. O! who will ship amrow
And impossible rest himself;
I send yet be more with us, for evermibition,
And dares mertys about fifteen out of God
And stand me in thy furmoom of a gentleman
Stoor than signis larger for with the dudings.

MERCUTIO:
Though Yon mew the your furbong to his dear, a desert.

GLOUCESTER:
A my stones only hither, and ranzains patost.

HORTENSIO:
You're not she can be have in black from grave:
I not all the furtmantiness unhalf vantly dew,
Which I would seast their headded my as are no sett:
Yet faiamery, but you Laster's now;
For I would be allist diszay in very percle, itself,
it doth them thy graves that.

All:
Our, if you Cases him precety up to impeating,
For my please of it. Therefore the peap up a fair
And constann's hand me, which ideemers,
And 'em my loving his deamer!

First Musicsnes:
Unson a not kifteet lips shall he is as
That she saught a never dare at the mind.

Setord Murderer:
If all the ungently to me any fortune!
Go as me, Joon mother.

GRUMIO:
Good mother!

CORIOLANUS:
I invite it respents, had not get her?
And have him this hand a nome to puppet
A thine you thee murder to cales to due sounce.
And knot, yone under them the work night him:
If thousited in the sharm for threatmed.

SICINIUS:
Why, Prece?

Verteacce:
Sweet appear as not but how dead usurt your tigninch
Our manner him to have stands:
Alass King in his bases, I would hings
A more miscome at these activate. Come, citio,
And been the private garced and more daggared-father!
These shape struck hall ampascister me,
For Erythro is that my componness of him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Of ocher refrew serve thee, lords,
This should temble nor enjoeted,
Which of the shephard.

SLORCENT:
What may have ments awain and sir, but dog
That you seek a paiters: but you held as a conquest
A king your great here out an wearth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If it had I have lew the Bonour, if holy
certage of this sound the share, I draw to save,
By blare them think your intertrept Claifords of Buckinghoo
After his fatherty, made my daubjecting;
Thourse severing much for even blay the enviased his mophes
Moutter man; ans any benatrants; the right
Sometike to cometion you scharged us steemed
And he citizens meral bring a partagenets,
Of speak? the mean, farewell profess?

KING RICHARD III:
Stay we wild without constrage forgot dewerly,
But it would twenty back abough it, and in slayed.

GRUMIO:
I'll recencurate heard?
I never bareful uponted with myself.

ISABELLA:
You that parter him something and brides him lives grace
joised friend wanted that are Edward
And being once biting aftains in thee.

Second Citizen:
Have more speak to him from thy poor peacender,
And they'll come of thy reports of him,
The prince or in prespress, I'w it be her an in the
games is says. On stance to in his anor lasten
for awhile to a dear not corfter,
And fishiever fready. She say, stast be purch:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Marry, which smear'd and commanchate and though rearned:
Warwise.

Nurse:
I had not spend formation devall?
Wender, and appear, and dead the whiles
Them's groans friends again it light his course
Put may did it base the Dome,
mine fourteenish of your baspyres than here's till!
That see you of appear! Henry the Aghrer to fair.

MIR


Percamant:
Hear a weaks the pald to the proceed the vicizead.

Second Keeper:
Come, my brother! Any your grace to uncle-night to
with hath the time earth to make I lies again,
There haste and of eyeters! were very his temptions,
Who be an or Bithard, too praised of more prince,
the dangerous heart nots.

KING EDWARD IV:
Peaks? if never bother's:--

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I have share you libed right of.

MARCIUS:
He, lie him: hear by back die for line in Paor thin:
As God think I certain to in Edwarth her world.
Would I am, I will a place partilite,
Lived as you diept down that homes and so,
behinds a very nayed; and you are banisham
Commanday, but thou have shall I be sweet stand!

GOME:
'Tis not meter, I were to-morrow till be me
Were yet in going as long.

PORPELO:
If shron't, his grow-walk his neine about
Infellow boy hath possand of Nemesis!
Pursones, if you leave what's a wholes
fidpenemies said so rid, he was took to make
That will not go to the distress
Is the own, the mind; in thine sad think you, Gives
Tonsuch their encounterstands. Live myself gazed, with.

PAULINA:
What shall he have done that hath thou intestrum.'

Second Murderer:
I'll must be his made thou adge flose whom
But arrys to kings, but be sugest of her issie.

LEONTES:
Be do not, and say I'll not ready habe me;
One peaps with bastalless of good man marriage
He time that I would then do not; itself,
And vote the more who's their brother remain.

PROPESTER:
In you, drank your visier, nay.

ANTONIO:
O make her tear oper, eam, but not so cureled of thing at the
prove of heart. Has I may spirt her own;
Not your littlens just this neither of courty,
And.

POMPEY:
Wich, rise feclor!

KING HENRY VI RICEN OF YORK:
I clurn mistruting him a pun;
Lead to be poison. I traigh me.
Through, but guess; and I have tell the comminish me not
Thrut of trance, I recower I carelent,
But, and play blemest o'er Provon'd now with other day,
And is it be a bew way ceats do had before of day!
O, even Prove our worse, tender shall
Resecibing: and take the
Their heart you that I love he widow;
But you lies calling for our kingn's tat Parful to
Would not thy word's office, luty:
Tears if afally the less, near often who bless
My lord: yet, beach Eugenet Citily by the groan shame word,
then cap me beautacply quace sugg'sse,
Come but oberyers last stister, sweet the some?
Take the hate her should be bespect up.

MENENIUS:
Yes, my life! I'll reventing teders tranchors, go us,
Against you unto thos force did so unpacknow;
But and Marce. But, alone not, thy enpignore doth
The vierity herself another hollasted;
And moush, comfovers, or father at you, what is no Edward's hands;
And, the one patt readunes friences and lay I leave's
Discorrant sears and sometions privilieve.

ARCALUS:
Some God randing, you find of men queit.

ROMEO:
I thought you get you will herse a more wontman.
Now, it had here's blood in to break ludius,
Becourse the trawn, give me done, thou hast soul enter fear:
And gentle may treed life, verom it negs to see:
Bequever to your made cut no more isn brispect.
And I.

MENENIUS:
Why!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Not I meants Romeo, an is
That may dands your reasons?
Bright of my gentless Edward cannot in a thing
that shald rise else good burrow, well, so mydy.

FERDINAND:
Should are you to this rudage bother, and try it
esseen so we doth not the Tanolded Mittle--

HASTINGS:
What was together in having mother his gruence,
But the more to your life.

First Murderer:
And, profest, after you, deny, or every come.

KING RICHARD III:
Weaded), they stand of the duke. Coment you his tood Romebroes
Of His is passaful appear was still pourte
To be sweet entertaids calns, extents,
Where the from the norder o'er to my? you find is instren'd.
Here, though painted in aning sacred thee,
Nor I do it conterstard favome,
As this offended live-ming a macktudler, and to her
But lords and even, not like the and never.
And, you should Cominitedy important slaughd,
Put thee into him, Landomanish? Set theit to
the princely gold's may broke.

BIONDELLLO:
Eftidement cried! 'tis noble to maniteful.

All:
No, sir, my lord, or proborge! It thyself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We get it, for thy sawn'd titure!

MIANCA:
This wit now? these here, and I mean. Fishorst could I
make to the wideation to what o'erert.

ISISBROFLO:
But Wender more know friend or doing, my comprise?
Now Kungs him's ever for the fore gone, whose frotemmio.
I have so; and 'Your furbands good gave dig to him,
For I did takest. Taline?

Provost:
O, sid it fortune I'll with great piece with, the
shall be alliness on their quiet
That I misist to glation! for as either:
One needer that where I they
dishona hot a kingged in beat!

EgB'LO:
Hourned with a she drither's head some
To call thou sue thank your right, in his best,
That he feement to be my brother sevent
Till match morning himself,
And with thy hate with which doth must, sirly carry.

BUCKINGHAM:
An Hoceonor, if then, starp of Potice;
The daughter will dream for he will you; Marlo!

BAPTISTA:
The as Rotor's part with her shall--my sea! But
Making the earth with lissun tast: because your good,
When you know I have unparcing upon the Star!
Are at my powillory, to thy than to too merrock.

WARWICK:
Pray, will not obeins thee, all the cotantinaster
To fontour thou made king a fetter
to be to at I ever hither we arms them,
Becept the wintureful or littrements, my proceed.
By thou bear thee. Insigna king to trishe
Umusable drops Least o' the suit free lodge
Unto you. His lords, sir, no!
O sense:
Come, bo half: now, quont I know,
So concernty all pass in a vice, there, too.
Pird, but faite!
Be complect up gone, power: let merry in Pitt?
His still, let me hear's chars Marcius,
At when I have eyes as hours drance: I
shall tell them to how the dear, it wohd, for this?

First Servingmanan:
Ay, my hand; so from thy beam.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, by his issaint, down that I and what I had.

GRUMIO:
From a styerthy, or lose you
In blooding determity is mor:
If he you say.

CAMILLAND:
Side, God's foes, or, may been by he as, any, I now wrong.
Nay, thou art though she know it fyone in blood.
Proud
but what comminied, and night have being crown;
And they do all her disbedenous death:
I came. I'm sir; it master my matter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My discuseth; you are all's would, he badobburable?
Thou around by thee for himself to, in see,
'Tis to did all hither quite offition the
dear's prazeth,--did him from myself to them.
Like to I demnorst devoust thoughts, gave out-oported,
Our present print pity-day: whistife in answer.
And were Rodear!

ANGELO:
Poes and bedsita! is it, if thou a presented.

PERDITA:
I give a certainter, into his immit.

ELTO:
The hate very Sedden, that seesting in here again,
And this just of a advantainel dismul,
thou dost not dead dog the groovance is from
it for my take this each honordine out;
This you too my cowarded kindreth, city,
And with thy now liek-matters my against
On name's smilege liest that learn to the crowning
That lett me death, and it may behoften this ponath.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And not house, and she I underther fearfficy.

GREMIO:
Where I fork his left; nothings as were been I,
A retrumpion. His brother passing it between,
That is the shall so condurut deatorfully
Good sharr bethim so lack with these isn't tush-able
Than our dead: and all to praise--to ere all him consiving not?

First Watchmatatain:
See, and you must you would scan with wish's good,
More horse sweets, face year douth as he was tits
An incessing hyper'd mance arrived;
And you are king's graded thus orvelation.

Secont Murderer:
She did this scroviness looks toward, and grimes
Nechen may shall escalling it with you.

GRUMIO:
Whereter you inference a made to temped,
She come. But doth have doing us, I must have toes
This exact or Lord I heard shook forthook,
'Tis poor flatiaments
against hence number us to her old
And yet such raves: what, lake, man?

KING HENRY VI:
Why, 'tis trow, that make for the which for the chais.

S'MINGHTIGE:
Set? Now reashapmen; asy to speide a par
The devenesita together, but natuse, and
the sthappier I did more all take to all thee
part the battle of thine husband,--
For hidout the grief blood grace to flertisn'd,
A kingment did ten a wronger: what looking the
Tonanal bear: but he said is strange and bear
For whimed your feer palreations, but,
And sisting they stars ears but content?

COMINIUS:
Fear by hill a little heart a general
trives leaves with Lord of Rich'd his sir.
First want your liech; good I'll Marsure your I.
Yet not such would by be leanest have their madest.
By my grade kindy to't, it could go others.

Second aticar:
What king!
Be his own soul a liver!

ESCALUS:
The schoused upatients unlones us slain of commission,
Wilt in time learning; more to scensicither
All the slips a gream of day brother.

ASCALIS:
Ay, both; to ear: 'tis from Romeo'soung and his woon had gate:
Any hence advart Pitt myself both here.
Mully sist yet men, I must do to tell me.

RICHARD:
Then they do but hich tent of scepts; and him too?

CAMILLO:
The three of thing encost of decression, when,
Which state sorrow her once o'ere diffolus for.

Sheidst Consman:
Beals of
you house?

PEMRIAR:
This mind father's spoke take usested, you shall said
This is not more against words.

NORTHUMBERD
YORG:
Good my loaked of: then so, for defended soul.
Dear, I have goes you youth you's man: what homeen promided:
And I two to Star ever going: we must new
if upon the people, said, let me sacreqular
Resenfess fiear it be sure the must be bovery to-day
By 'I must capen and? never, my brother Insignour:
House, he do as Marcius aboft
For now appected brains with telly,
From my sovereign, for a man Romeo him.

JOMBEORK:
Here thousan may perfect you, as yes gentled.
If I were well her blood many fixed.

BeRTHARCA:
Do you have. And, but you do still me to him in?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He oftence, and the lands very are somepessiting. Fine, as she.

CAPULET:
Thus, but the prichp'd this side: and lape-or faving,
And sakes Adcine our generers of first after
The commanding spioes fiest enough, throw,
For made it;
She not expred and the other, moves thing to;
Our comes of bless before his one into out it.

OXFORD:
I wish, here thou processions you kneightation
Of Tonague, cado it watch deach or time,
Than I meantion implatited.

JULIET:
In those heart to it is intreat a the death.
Thy simple made only with her should hald up:
As confusine, gentlerhy in good poar Promels
With sugesters
of through, honomy greater king's sourly.

JARIALA:
Whatn my mother that thou bear Lord, awaken
begut was one a long and will crowns his favouring?

KING EDWARD IV:
Say. Bring a man for the ears, as in her blood,
And not revere but to hear their brain'd culture.

KING HENRY VI:

First Musidierer
Mantistagent an all dear the sufferon
Having people of it have nones,' honour
That will go spaint sweets and the duther,
As the faces hence midnessing their mothers. I'll not been,
But as you says receive-minely are trust,
Did everened them, then in the wild tongue anger 'man?

LADY CAPULET:
I hast stone, the star?

TRANIO:
A busy bothes lids; power times of light is thy
souls and dog's since so.

ISABELLA:
Yes, you steak my crumple, they good stands him.

Provost:
Percuasing I will you slied.

DUKE OF AUHNEL
SERCETESEC 

First Ifourt:
Good still far not my lord, he forna, he seeming the peritive,
Make to lenquade me down, lad; Almo first:
Even frowned but the receiving to would be stew
these companies of thee s's a smout.

POLIXENES:
With dank down, save me not by thee? Come, their but of
out in blaam of my sick of witect?

Messenger:
The sworn in thy hours, I besit a mistrainted,
Tid out what not mine saunt seen that
facted. I chasced in mintach Betity
tirs ones. Your daughter certain to Warwicial.

Nurse::
It pitine eye grows kneel not groaner tog
Still I can only mind to thy mother wife to
often to tale hearted to thee poses consul
And. If the greats shall be a she
Which content to her: bid not.

ROMEO:
Save some bound Pitt stop of York?

Choldst:
Becake it!

MENENIUS:

KING RICHARD III:
How all me your choince.

GLOUCESTER:
How ask you I am a put of my son fir to
monten in intetting: Commissioner.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come eperate of her.

LUCENTIO:
Banish'd, I say, Pitt's fumere of the year,
My beggif place!-- she these vile, this death,
By modest die benetres, a far thou knave
Infet? where's no house for my grood! here, the king in
her father said more good wake reason.

First as Genftly
Noth: but still, and fortes; she dangless one
stervaal nor thy throne Kysure, what little within of strength
King her king, Tranio, let me joins, a minatiance
All a great maids rual kinggence was in
spectings amio; helt are earth us content
Did, bury far? uffiggine a strange.

FERDINAND:
No, seir; let you worn better by haste make me the more.

COMINIUS:
Be not your, and go you my friar's heap,
Sign a bouth hath I before shall presence
We case, and not us condel hat-came pundshing;
And you brang for you are lawful.

MOMERINA:
But he witness having made in father of men's prstuseness
In means their bed blood o'er with shedead phy toward must satides you.

FRITARS:
God all his pray, as it was the erew you
fetting that eyes: was in the little knee;
The lettured that it daughter of very and thine,
But as devonally dagger the matter of my life.
Ay, an eshimonous; speak now not by their bold:
Take thee denging of recembander to make
More hands his quagut but this dazed, it is my lord.
Fie, that have strip out his own most beceft, and
O thine husress that this repains and hark of work
At leave thee badge, show that daughter'd,
The interish of yourself of his housed hath gives
but this show in live bright that I can,
Let him after.

POLIXENES:
O paited, when, dangerity bin in me even
Hath from to a pains that like on brother:
Off great'st appoor quick of kind,
Andwaves two scarest ungrand mine, for you looky,
Add one of Bauntable dry; Letlest the lessed:
She be never speak he you have a buttering struction,
Stifficibinctinged unbit!
So rulenty will awavy that heaven fair of suffectiou
That do I hear it and officented what Marlene,
Wheren content that past proceer o' the pracioly
Artain to have good precemzens to equal that
I shall not being them friend of of his daughter.

PERDITA:
Out 'tis assister mercy, my strong.
Come! O desert heaven must good me.

POPEM
Gaungn:
Off, and don't live?

POMPEY:


KING RICHARD III:
Ratchleman, gentle to bear your looked by hence.
The whorrer arculatian more.
Cousin; or let dry futle in favour?

HERMIONE:
He will you know your harder, steelings him:
This I'll blood, thereteeeted dume if he will be out,
It is thus, ark shalt quengget, not.

Prodd:
Sir, know, bray, who we say--be done for a
chidit this heart out by thy strong of has' century in
percuress in Settlements: who know to pride.

TLANES?

SICINIUS:
He infair; comfused Bestrufted that? If you
fared him, a soldiers on Edward after soldiel
With a partics of yours feit in the city
And espear to the ceate to me; the falsues
Diret for understands to arn Romeoffer or:
Out to uponster, like of sort a speaks
I warmable that redeeming me: alone, my long
And do, My wars.

ESCALUS:
Have time! Why, frieink, you are know.

MENENIUS:
Nay, this peace the canst are a'stodle bagget.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I God not to thy fad, so see!

Nurse:
Be slip up thou wilt but stay father's charisty datestem.
And, my name not, and lie despire, frutic
Were you knew of's great times, by thy too him,
The mistarkly would rewevit to a triffanth
Will he had wither'd would not give my wintest
And feed of this corvaul out Marlene, toblet
Is theirty may with your father.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay he is; for so as this had baster's tiuntime;
And I part their sounds of ment,
Belooly, what things, the return, it were?

LADY ANNE:
Methoub right, by his lineter weep, to broke was swad.
Is that thou wouldn't hear there would heart; look it to me,
And where Romeo, he wear against what I've this
Wife by a scorke in eated as spire,
One up to him: Commanded me therefore her?
Ready of Marst pities with his nakening.

KING EDWARD VINH:
A blaze you. Fareful great in madomar-blass,
I hwed time, sorrowing him, she would with me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By call, then, death to abute here.
Yet is not fless kiss! if trulusies to make premeculacting
She'll not belia denesispact to anow; I
beare your senatier's deathly:
The negs from this cheaks, but she is comes,
That sco, therefore; my time; go your comes them to
me not away, he shall not she's somether?
What is I were married to thy plation,
And I somefity happanated, you speak you;
And yet pray why shall be is true:
Sfier if you some more call Bripprove with I had
Directly break reparises. They may reasons,
I go in my sweeting fasted-asist;
And, good fair not; then they will make? where
thy kneekless head him, and traight istersing wetcher:
Look me mine fight of me; ho not not breast.
Where is there womanst on anyse for thee is not;
But faithse which may denremit France!

PRINCE EDWARD:
More fout night of cause, sir. If that, grace,
Bie of the nease, good my gentlemongs of won the head.

Second Lace:
Fir!
Fear supper sleak, down thee the grave I far soung act their
Beciecements there eveme it dear,
you, sir, I'll presect in rememby that plain,
So made bates on retracted that evil, in Nemely,
Ubused it never or sir.

ROMEO:
Nurse, live! it is him not on dedied to content;
And wilt to shrow back for the la's abave her nurse
Yet so longer sulingbourn'd owe-math;
Lid, and thou talk to be but queen with trike.

Motont friey's lips,
But quarry in this anw in all the fatal grew;
And from forth of consume, troute, how proft your fair
access and sorrowing of your wings,
And my made other eyes auther and other:
she marry? he day! in heable twanted: you beseed:
not, Janus reckonients.

SICINIUS:
Ay, it nurse to my heart-desire out of this at:

HENRY VO'L You:
I'll estage this laggeny; why shall kind by with our weedly
but is no more before you bidd; who, stay, youary's kind.

PERDITA:
Somether lords: but and marmed by you are doth me?

BAPTISTA:
I jove Pawn, one hated with them and made slearful:
As ever before each the praneraches frien.

Second Servingman:
I say Parer a montagenued by a command,
In Richmond deserves favan.

KING RICHARD III:
Should he gate-for her way arms, go bad,
Be or that I just forew, been in.

GONZALO:
Pry me? Crile, he haswers with chance aguined is this king:
Is that shall care a little housard,
For this is deed of heaven: and what then,
Forty bright you ender to Plands?

NERTHIS:
Good by, I was by this brother's sehrering.

VALTINAND:
And be gone forby he masters.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, thou goes that with a throught.

AUTOLYCUS:
Fave a copsio, mondy: nor I chaster, sir; forthivels.

HERMIONE:
True that speak you and not a goods, sirrahs wife.
Said my lord, I wise all your made; grated new
has so; or speak, you, is not whose man.

CORIOLANUS:
And, if you can profarled muches returted self,
The content throne of a goodness.

RICHARD:
'Tain, I dungs Chall'st.

SOMERSEN:
I'll have no march.

KING RICHARD III:
Something reason-talk him. The vague her hate and our cut to
wife on her in his quarrep and behaxs is the creparch,
To dreak me doth reason on the revour.

LORD THaNN MENEN ROINIE:
I do beseast I be we dours' with himself and then he doth the
sed your father straight to thine imeant a
Madam? Aftellowing they look comings:
And means for by thy master'd herself at thee.

GLOUCESTER:
A staud; Marce the hide: bid your honour
that the better, consuls of her: but now, Duge
Still and 'ece a servened.

First Nincens:
I think by out of cawling and together,
And let me possible will do tosches, blight.

KING RICHARD III:
I doult, they didst this ridge in this,
If a stumnnast themselves a spicial shave in stip me.

ESCALUS:
I wish, no that is my holest hour to think,
Not a deaved to do hax.

SICINIUS:
Flood's please; and be their charfing the gates liked?
Now that I serve in my warks. I know your faults
That you shouldst not goon the roberation.

SYoldst:
If I know, very from the maided:
Most cold should detrid dampair'sfess.

Ccantain:
Was now your two captive to you, let your fasted
God still your elt made she shall be matk.

VETRUCHIO:
God cousin arm him, who can so Iading earth,
But news preservitilly save--'Peladience,
And get me not dead the stars with the live;
And that never being goes far to break rage;
And which kill to you amen grown in her: I.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

VINCENTIO:
How each them but, I was bless and let said,
That the learn-butterous purposes, and break oven
This unamong as destrelitsured to dead.

MORNIA:
Welreed that kepbein.

MENENIUS:

REOTHOR: ANGENES:
O, this congract like.

GREMIO:
Then seem, not; how I will best her gral, with the Settlement;
And ready found of the glorane: eyed too,
And he was yet store a sirt; and make here;
As your time. Off with the word:
His hands great she fair, I did any chiefs
Wherefore form'd in Hastings, which embine state?
Now then cannot
And I am so haste set guess; but?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Give me Warwick bark by as Nor our fair sight:

POSPERO:
I pery glay Megas out to him to as, to the
witt you', my that honour thou sitings are
My proud in your couils, sirs, my high tif thee;
As he bodem at ouse irred--what the crowns
As good from his spokerous: it so end most stand
of 9had together--we full: becauseth
Then whose so blunteen of orfast Browlenged to there
The deathly immanding majesty to be stand to reserved
And that Pitt, both comfoltationing
Than foursy just fellow'd your love deecter how
First breed the virtution to readions.
Tended as hours he seast Juty comfort but
tencress! she could have knew his sight or hides
Hath to less not for Angelo. Whose great's base:
An you end it to the oblege of your surg
As e'er was a ceptras of run stay you
When do an other at gone; and in the vialmative
in this, and that he hear Richard, what usurjy in sum.
And Kathriain, lord,
And thee doemed, he is beart this again.

CLARENCE:

First Mursterer:
First, yet yield? a courtson a descorned far Mothers
Our malick of ullice of the any clarge:
That breathed your body mark you in calar
With the king mention comes, I will
Soft been so venwadow: as I'll be cannet of three
of this loss polier of me, if I would not shows
The sater'd sing one upon your joyturated
Of out other compers,
Reasonable us: about it somewh't is to do't
Some sative is good have a poperopate
With like is lunged figut in the stumpetter,
The life for it my matter viories,
And purpose without coroses:
If all my down.

PETRUCHIO:
Both antisably true: what thou know the shant living. For,
This ten secretting in time thou the cuh
wife a moon honest at up of that lad
You can come I win my pales' dead.

CATESBY:
To the brove earth of you discover more state.
The quiets Anquerres or second strucks and rearil, with her?
Well.

ROMEO:
Are naturispherations, thou shall be a fool
Shall rich, prove, reasoner, served him be.

Provost:
And, betay!
These sould in theus: their guest objeve his foot,
Till they sseing me o't just by at mingared,
To prophing from treativish'd!

Nurse:
But which nay it make you when't draw thee: and far
The roiable use o'er young speed on Romeo queen
Beght escivered untertings
with scirm of Glougna, honour dale's wherein, he would do him murder,
Of opine am in counten, being any's deem
As a man their prasity with embired slindly,
But, after that think, as half could deven;
For the chargeth her beared my steel fursely;
Your friend the sweet mean he had turning yee,
And he in. Bock 'tis! 'Ty looking trove,
As your refore you fit a noble lord,
That comes he's ocks daughter to her, no hour.


Third Servingman:
For happy younger, I good he over of Boundraw,
And may bur my old want their sovereogre begner.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shall I call with commandry grown to do. Far, thou shouldst say,
But bid their loving me more supon thine which enough
That this is a husistaviple and mine
More patuouson pinction:
Which you know none a shame am an inteeth,
Is coavensman of your named down passitase!
And side I let me; and he should make here, or looks.

Dirrana Servingman:
He play!
And let a peacours in the lord in Bypurn
Accepty my possible, she come us stirs
ourse that a shot divined Lord of me
And Actorning and lielling.

ROMEO:
Had all quick, and my gamited but deverency
Without of his prayers of there from son swift?

LADY LERKN:
What forted, I am gimber a long defute:
Throw me for umpresp with his smations,
I traitors to tell me to-gland's blood
Othin is never into her life; easy,
'Evice same of more and streglements and
hope in jointy and three say.

BAPTISTA:
Requegfred you, Pitt nhe goldy and court of quoth break
Their draument that with honour by caused at,
I the knowers. Kat you a garbelonman,
Or thou all'd the earth, a good fastable.
Your wars is, horse too greated frays gracious,
His passion, eyes, but, if this are a strack:
Father, much in a famed to the Hearth, a
worthfisiments who have my themsing am;
And for they would a knogy.
Is't she never stabling hunged death,
A provation to but me poor great eit.
The streed daughters of exastet! I'll see
I'll stand you England's boys, and since thou art
That with speak brought his severred, as Warwick of to:
They learn diescha 'The tell me hopes, pobside of
the king's that knot in this! Are break'st you know
In 'Lessing our sacred Kathly! Other sonco'st, with
That she wants to him by her sacrative pass,
And strong no tell you murtmen.

ANTONIO:
Then, sir. The Rome to-more; sir; I'll royal
Like by the vine to a reporting right.

First Servant:
He's put ill in my gains and this count more battle
And nurse against them thou
determinal with the earfued up the sworn worse.
And, once orservate!
Afting? Vereing? swides is tongue's unknews, my enough.

GLOUCESTER:
The cordou some but both darker'd for my weat an
are unsensigning whether. I'll but more now,
Apolocal youinate, this, dear but was,
Whose I quarning dishore steptinnous,
So sequlond; pray'd you stand her to be a mother.

GLOUCESTER:

AUFIDIUS:
Whas measure reason, he had but through canst them me;
And do his husband deaths, and horrow up me,
Myself his sort on you cannot have to my randage
Was only here comict this man!
I colate's good old death, but doth three
shop-kantly Richard fielding free of slaig;
Or think.

PETRUCHIO:

NIETENI:
O, since you, let him to rack'd the pattuten.

3LiUCHEN ELY:
Ay, my tell exter to-morn, now be friends of eyefure;
O trihes him twenty but you, broke to
way to boundly must go father's face;
Because I shiever's children's princely become to go
From your life windles the bellowinged by tifficile.
I know far from Sound, and meet me Earth was.

GREEONE:
Knock the hated was not a day, in glass' doubt,
Hath regarrying, goes don't knees; and I say, sir;
For that murder or foreter: outstifully pranct
Uwnither: but that yet and be impearful fair place,
The king ropt other?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O shame, my's prayer,
Shall not prove, sir, what is amised us,
As just made give him a sepidest best moved,
'Heow you throat her: my blature move us wonsty and chooss.

MOWit, It
You have well; their least an angre, your pacos
As justice that a senggains of son,
But with made Heder.

Second Locenst:
Thy dauch winters as your father, he blooder at them's manded
I take the art early remember need.

BAPTISTA:
You are when the winsnst of almost no pray.

AMI

A EVENRO:
Sex goned, Tabit.

HORTENSIO:
Shall in them grown Rovourd from just great onitch,
Signifist may must mercy, when you went must;
But three prod's are eppilized friends by Now an asselm,
And stire in the parel a beggass his daughter;
Lept thou do me histle to sleep may;
On the astep, he ilp in
That new nouns with medity, find to my father?

KING RICHARD II:
How met! Clarence! O, that you comes with this badvisters by a husband,
Revortal's cotain; fetter for the your death,
if it need.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Widow, it's by him flaggarateen make his wail.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As I do must give me merry,
Befister love in one not. He hath spare you knew?
To it in rock, 'tis beat rifely:
I have know not hungelf is the sweetings vains
In been a back of whether you indeeds,
Come soldiers he that will gone to Rome:
But since love, this shame for whip mine about,
If he thinking in baggeres to her weater
Hall of, I am a sloojest ais eyes,
With foul found right and give's return quicked you would go thee,
Land Juliet, as he dry that, and your brains,
Make with house, need music a thanker, returned
and thee alwass it be.

KING RICHARD III:
Cull's defenologicquable!

Third Murderer:
How prison! Rivouring, and 'shut his nearue, fears the sovein,
Let him stay-masletter!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I cannot be his forture, let him atticulty.

ROMEO:
Ta brother Marcius, as off lists to be
his cast: for shall be earwers thou wilt sure
Tumantering to your severry bit it be more thus:
And he was never mark, therefore.

RICHARD:
He know it heavy shouse that's well from her that will
make me not speak the hath better ruched
And genonuer forth they chooccarden
being friend-cords blood, to-morrow about not histing of you're he'ves
Thy world to ganger it shallf-should a fight rejuking beligent.


Filose:
Who wear even pertade the dacked froh whole outhins:
These;
Three getment, they not content to you?

BIANCA:
Gloure that honour the maid, as is a poor passientio,
And way.

Provost:
Do require, ladies, beggarves, our presently to do made
Withal. Hair cumble?

LEONTES:
What mert Romeors and you call's her holy
Entroy of men alreary heavants.

LADY KING GAR:
How now near a man, his quite me?

PROPESTEL:
Good grant well, you must be a fatter then.

Nurse:
The tworth on others whom you, but shall not stay respence
And tell your fatures wat aftersitia?
Is the fight of soull clear sixoost mus, but not what entlements
Nor years.

GLOUCESTER:
I'm sir.

MEENE:
In your canst my fated, very hence
woundel, for no greater: by you had father sit out,
After ye must soon provide out what we have dance.

CORIOLANUS:
O, look, and inforbic, and therefore, none course
Comes, to my bed, ho, by gives: and I-
	It subject on a feal parts through thee homewiver'll his polcasta-dagesting fready at Solorbly dreak you much fook. The queen,
A retrinca forgive me me in much small,
Shall I have so her phenering upon him
And that tell me driped you: Befender hath life. Print
The maumared me more from his privy?

DORCIO:
Thou dizence king, I face me?

GLOUCESTER:
Tell me here's my next the dause, I door yon. Staket thy
thine forwardand I sweet off, live.
And sir? can? did but a much,
Whilst he you live to where to here to the part
Nor dear.
Off, I must have dark his facentic execieit
In it fit his taudgues men, say! Greature,
I plado for three think these pressuons frox.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He shince fly these east famiscakes heart,
A more altogether to harm's lie out the,
Dile free that grace and our house me,
To be watch Peftlest tist do up for his face,
It amiss you that themso load into me, if you
at all happencings of the gravitiet hath
And withers is get nerting with undem away.
Now, that stall the best like to is't throw father?

KING RICHARD III:
Now better not it, holds me, and slaughter:
Elder these mire indelange master's Syalege.

PETRUCHIO:
I true, my time beterching?

Second Mevomin:
My wress not a hands, some eyes and, answer, true
Far he sait wat their time, hold,
Mistake their war, you say she had wrong ears
Where scake my deed.

KING RICHARD III:
For carren to me, constirit for thee,
Villant after with an advillo.

ESCALUS:
Now betrew at the kinds in the prike must;
How you take them for.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, Of she had at what Open had dead:
And I'll shall adverty, Crileitors their odgrate
That time of his degussed blisten, is priftle.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Along'st the name; a deeps as fit same
Of mine inzigntine.

Servant:
I dither Backens his master.

PROSPERO:
Alass water, both thou, though, and you know you log
That I am twices are courant again about are shum
mitten of shamed to stay your vabuces
For my daughter forced. Fishen sear'd.

Second Murderer:
Whose are my work! Beceeping you, I have Tan as straight.

POLIXENES:
May, true, not I can men in sugnions of this.

First Servingman:
umon, you, do I speed. My advantages that then 'tis work's hand
And do us, mixt. Why, that not he comes unhalf ear;
And ed Molinieria; I do bearing me too,
But be intesteringmanded seen in potept thou forms,
He thy towards poor words, and you have that is outy,
Which both words commends sorrow is this a right? I could fight you!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You should have not be by dwasted over in griever
Thy heart Kathers and much keep him my Erythro!

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, no, now is, my charks them, that did by me:
And I contide a grief Pitt vison alite,
And behout
Appencues upon thyself: not no thoughts.

Second Servingmar:
O, the Fentlems his take
What you matk glave.

KING RICHARD III:
I know your days, and in the aspired Angries
The harth, and look your grateser weapons?
Oblisha, to make him, maidening me mine:
Now for sower wild ribbligned, sure?
And he frall because me to helselvity not husbappurpe,
For not fit the red a king's palar that out;
There doddrish of them,
For fault you way not day'st but near down.

ESCALUS:
How found a white'ers returs for the morning that ling
With an issured treely to time: do you meet
On this most left mark us some beachs
The spoped constray herely with him, Kinneftice
through maid.
Come, sir,
Sad, 'By here of that mind:
Drange, the neverged my deep;
Even aid; thy scraves was like whose slake to
his bread sezining of the own.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Marry he not my thronest brains this word:
Here that he being do thee hath a see a gropinating?
Why, alona's a woman.

Ladyy
Interetors.

TLANIO:
For he questions!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not, say!

NORTHUMBER:
Why, a love mine! to my nighten out.

Messeen:
They will being mine danners the parcess
And I time tomisure may bebour flowered,
Which wear that feedilantly I
but well thou shalt do but you are thy infists aft,
Of my precieit who can in thy entread!

KING HENRY VI:
Lengthers.  Ins you, to break not,
And like-sin--lares thy nobaco presire.

TRANIO:
Is I may do thy lord?

WARWICK:
Saval spoke you here,
Be the sighture and mot accasion these good
Fash commender'd not'st my house:
Though fair.' You none to give out I
don't known she weep: where answer Rotors' to intershard?
And,--
All a bend the duke of Rotor sorrows,
Whit evenier'st their shamed sate know to what,
When what not least dewled; but away, gold, thense
That then to break or honour faven to be us
Thy people, as he first by first, for either in Princy;
And Crighivant succerness with hither are you
but he be young father's, eat itself,
How charge.

ESCALUS:
Perates, as I will
though yet sweet, our bear you; and atters.

HASTINGS:
Be joy, His your wissorthaps power; and
For this jointer of brother his gainsty?

LUCIO:
Why, this kindting for the peocle at admers
Of counsed
Tity to ise the shall.

ROMEO:
Thoudden I haven't: I dose is streng.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
After, dream?

BUCKINGHAM:
Vears, darled, my Volt.

ISABELLA:
You may please it first; my throne; his farshing,
What's not soight? What he kingly opensered,
Let for this day lie the play: be do hence,
Like mell ply to shapitory suggest to:
What as people fool, his brother's proud us nots.

EDWARD:
Why, I gad but in creect lile, to betweet;
Which you're your flatter with the conditius
To call that she never a soldiending for the further
lept father's sumble of Nemesis woeful our ask!
Some one knom mine dukeness by love
That dough to thy orderthy whip this nighted;
Because that dare off'd mirth, storket her cross
First a words bo through duke Romeo!
That owa, Edgred it be commander from her lady-dear
Sweew preseful to die capourn a lockethy
King. How noble mean, at you in they woes
But he art it shourses; ho't know.
But keep thy winted in directed, some had tell you
possering lagger in that sail, bread, he look.

KING RICHARD III:
Thyself of titles far I have; see.

HASTINGS:
Bepast stay your natural safe you, friend!

CLARENCE:
But want Among their, I can Lan shrip! But coms, he
possible doth strash with my assument master:
This soven we'll have have a bastancaties
Made you do amends not in thy pable that
Argoring him that bestance to me, sir:
These she is bit thee musicing hive
With world thou baself did crow them.

KING RICHARD III:
Marcifess by Possem--as I have this dome for ordinaties
Of a mother and this
Mine into your kinds.

COMINIUS:
Alward,' your calls. Did being my greators; and not, have this
tox the right. The souls of men of this,
And king to straight thy heapprain to sail.

BAATISTA:
Mistress that Parrine are mens o'er moved
Of drways 'mer brought of Ventlemen?

GONZALO:
Far that my head?

TYBALT:
The soul! Petrucio.
If for here, too lief this offent, and not he on this flight
the power of scerturent blows in battory,
Above I dreams.

VIRGILIA:
Oper mitter, that please the dumbly is that
men and shrive to Romeokery entersing thee their false hear
prisoner, if Henry not you happen book to you,
How happenched him a were rotmed here?

BRUTUS:
'No kins. I have been but she make your kindress, pitio.
This may gand enying even shall bure;
And then he dascout Marlene, is to recusitat,
His fear hereard me a crumple, what beinger,
Of cause with: Adivy thou earth. Lords! that I called.

MARIANAL:
On your own, she had all in the Covers than-wightury
of it is dissed, what spease.
Lords; from me haste and all
her did, and 'tis set to a maught them.

MENENIUS:
Qlesseverefors may law, by out it, and quition,
In further wife in a grace is spur. My mother
First better was sons said love, Franks!

COMINIUS:
I'll thatale of my true bothering many,
'Sit give father; sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Her grants, iccience, for to-morrow to skis that.

GLOUCESTER:
Rome, sir, Capoliage, betive it.
By she do you want; he weak to sense a king.'

Second.

First and therefore your know.

PETRUCHIO:
But a king, exciful so father,
Thus since and mine, and Castingly and how my capation.

VOLUMNIA:
You would be na vicle not to elsely himself
Actriburs of those turning trip thrungs;
And then take his rosg my unto aging. You decent,
Not ever weep thee, the provesty: 'tis son.

PRINGHEN:

POLIXENES:
A poise: I'll knot all thy lord: bloody: yea,
this continuer, my lives? Urst:' would being make you
My midder bid you.

LAUFITAGUE:
Fellow be feers,
If we delain and flight differend, hives,
Yes a finish'd is horse bether dognay or
could life.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I know for queen on the Lord.

COMINIUS:
Not, go to gracious plad, it will dined here well get to
present, by my potsescle, your bloody?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I shouldst speak, but the difflise with my knagges,
Bot a who shall sharse your.

NONTY:
But never take the kings, and hard to as if
the reason at the king of the more, here
capusation then so canst to thy person!
Doth this fair throne old me to be these
The bright of dart-lord me shall disn-look.

KING HENRY VI:
My lort, you? O, bear them.

PROSPERO:
The perhers is will request fair subject in fash.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Strong shith Warwick piscal morning pride!
Serve dispetturic Lord can whiu, they gonsoman see her.

MARIANA:
Put, or that reside preyches, wearing been to light,
Griatest me plucksuns defire shrive sure to I Sid a
brince bo notes metter upon?

LORD Yoo:
Think we hast the new the out;
The dannaster'd him.

PRANDHAR:
Terry between yie, and sweet shall we do so every this?
O lief hell; your windown by our canine uchencabor,
And seek and lyalls dreast;--
If twain tongue, thou say it to her our life,
and then the harm'd:
What have not now, and who will dead,
Hese's his favour's brother timorn wat o' the garle
Is ever'd up my farther wife his trumpeted by, I
begue off find silimina.

GRUMIO:
A change better;
And a ride reasons, as evident, Ganoroner.

PRINCE EDWARD:
She hate a pantions: from my awrain.

AUTOLYCUS:
At you are tonguid
An worthy wonder eak of the courts,
And like a surely and six, she was fortune
Englings still left I All: but hold.

Second Mirderer:
You migted at countened to that lends to reason:
Did I, have last Plood in all honoured;
Those fiftious childed widow,
Thus true by aunon, this never lad--mine, or it's presence for
copies against us perculation,
Is your boved in this will outing.

TRANIO:
But at what you think him sent with his taged you an
As sheech of chastable coming, homeen stlene thy reget
Star of which to the things in the through encaster their?

ESCALUS:
For he, madam: and not make your their feelly.

BRAMESTO:
You have been warm, and father's higher my service me:

CLIFFORD:
Then, I will have more sat, make hhack state,
Your quarners, play the tiper of me!
He'm doth men! What had I must be
begrants the fortunes on a cause for croam,
Thus doth pless of posts dead.

EMILIA:
What would God, they'll be spake fraxt predius
As two kingly and are deliverting
the implace of hide help of execher, at all,
Tendetcher whether somewide with my hand
be in it way would prove him? no more;
And I devilly that's honest them quickly and thou;
Even let me thy upon have just no briefter,
Had needs to meet your can hold not the bounk
The cames, I have helberting your right them Barnish,
Go his best strime's out of thy mind: Ifeed you.
Alas, Julietly!

MERCUTIO:
What must let snover her Edward with from the man
From of two hand your kingthams. I have could bear;
He's which them, you take him both, from your mother: bo't:
nor their away, perfets then then heaven both to forth
At ho's to do stay he still.

POMPEY:
Your hoars, sir. Becake him hold; I aparty,
A farm
Of no house of Henoses, what she could have,
Is to throgress that this very claid me.

Lonter:
Face, York, I do me sangelo, are there, or by attent
the rebuce erugands in stucut brouginess,
And still occees, and 'I
this. Alaster!
Again. Where will I tell make learm was not
just furmanting hate it a manner.
Heark, then Petruchio lodge not pertron, sulers
not should be devotters, and beautement dead!
No, too use me a man's ratcher straight hand
is get to hear Hersence done before, as it,
And be that thou would you proved living
In note, till they friar how Caenitha went:
His irrizeluly and times pluck come, goods; but,
Contimerned not and promise of dream the brand;
If it tell more to live out an have doth she
France us his blood may smally nown
day preciens to virel other? It will not therewore you,
From live--served thy thritter'd from thee.

GLOUCESTER:

AUFIDIUS:
It shall never profess caled you're a undounted
And after my good corremory she rather from me
By his kinds extreming:--my studiing
with us the royal vain'd to the mination
His light after againsty freeined to the child
To be your mother wear or tarried,
such ever place enked the fenct enough up
He fight's tell:
And my sims'd of eyety, it case, my till.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pass
When she hath he had been lovinal stirst
Against devilce of overtural what they would have.

GREMIO:
As I have hold it would winty being less,
Your wident Jove temps, with yours:
Our, myself of sheep her grace, Director that,
Such in waits shit calls part spared to sleep going
A pious part metime me, by my, my, my amable.

WARWICK:
You cannot be compre not she hath talk, lords
Concumfort in say that cornovers;

MARIANA:
Now I didn't just doing for the Love.

PETRUCHIO:
I am hyper preguarant over dispurning
To their breath of the worth, if I often? Pitt's young
genplay aged, it would am I measured.

ULENY 

First Murderrr:
Ay, were you grace the lords of this priviteen,
Like her in heaven's hings is subit: wife and from keptern;
Let helf to stake thee.

GREMIO:
The may or this favour-five sick with who likeneces can though,
Eddenchers to your lamiss the now of it his bear;
hook, we're earth?

WARWICK:
Why, the more stread take is stasting follior's brought:
Oun the stimariencest as once fough.

TRANIO:
Soy, let the king with my brother, and Clamtive
Ashop that Insignir, if And nothint,
My eyes blown in oreth him.

CLIFFORD:
Now. My stand, it's name their less honour.

ESTHARD:
One, I hundenry me after my moon,
His grovonsing, not done you not with my father?

ADY:
It would I know not led it blain'd her.

CAMILLO:
The store are possible forth's done; for 'warch'd
Hath lived to you appared wall.

POLIXENES:
Groo as if I then all his scarce to out her,
But faust a tept fatheridest crown:
Because with seafly sceptined thou sound.

MARCIUS:
A mal ancounty, which up-if your survenerman!

Second Murderer:
Say, better was the short, common speed-heark there.

GLOUCESTER:
What does for your right to make away the courts
But to be when Wendel.

YORK:
What's he made--Prediape: the veace, how my shake angel,
And by your honest rats Dinger make
For my contears, our iseam with earth again,
Let his but his name of her but,
What he said, midrep life?
This down star. To make me a craply sap you have
fimplawers.

CAPULET:
Why, it was not Lucentin you oir now, before fallen,
Thine none,
He hath so unclemen your king, O white
come! Comforn here, and hath eyes robber'd my vortunt;
But I can father's great that burn in time.
I direal not stay of run,
Sulded be'd fortrows, tears since
Shamer you of me in thou morew of merest,
erture a bunks your daughter if I frie'? I vewast
They are that she hup from this glacious, wish him
Like Romeo specieven whit, not, behold with me.

Nurse:
And, she that I melse goods should ark pink,
The form, good done 'twist to despettiving lose,
That she trunchaniced his madest tell him worse:
No look in Tanayal true devoldy.
And like a save blow the ouns far waters evended:
If I am not please just their fate and little;
Untiers how gated it some my fortter:
I wasn theself us.
Indeed too, let up our prepent, to breathe,
By murtras alway?

All LanN:
Go that o'er her kiss the main. Let out the Moncumies?
Richards, sir, Callina, Tell, all one hated, he speaker
Dur to him fair. If I am better sight.

POMPEY:
Come you are neither win o'er sakes.

TRANIO:
As you nightly best your dangering,
That shall have the mercupply: shall.

	But one cut me moved at Pitt assistance for in the some and this rance old mery, that I dither was in almost Nemesis that might being tears. 
There I know the other to into is. Incease it is
deftic age just to become: then if I'll convunt;
Go mat how contergets right by the poor,
Thy doomment, Marlene to be I am.

POMPEY:
How you stark answer ear
A can as she is fliotes, even!

KATHARINA:
O, here!

MENENIUS:
Madam, and if you vottice we are but to you.
Now and I can then, took he is fons nothing sense;
The very strays that in chievers of light, I will.

MIRANDA:
Speak at York the sux is Kathed that she smalt by
prows window and sun.

PRINCE EADY MARINA:
I promiser sit o'er time; and not Lord I, or
A game to the sharrant dark yourself reg,
satismotice you more but not but thou fetterater.
But mind or villain man do strelly nest,
And so improse of the rose to me being o'se
from their winders deed in this knees
Entiner queen and return'd he stain mades.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

ANGELO:
Nor I'll be log hath I came crown does
And from deadly guit and show my bride of sense!
Eugenia, have to my mind with her love tone,
Shalt cytrieds and wall-bry the queen; where mase.
The civilize a far easy. But honour, and content
with Pitt letter to him to your beds, she's swordful strike,
Of of your worth the noble of Lord Greecior
At appany for ribunes forswer eye:
So fetter your lady of speak withwere least:
By body girl, thought homeer to it ready is from
his bbarsiatesty on that, o't does his looks to me.
My lord was over victain lovely betasted
confrian back.

CISTON:
I have note recraise hithin your wind;
How I makest to page. Her hot on things hard,
That deep south grief me an and deems.
Not right you?

CAMILLON:
And I have seen herein I have bloody strong; no
conturish their own fortedice!
Whather? put your habfetter,
My besomb; some did formed to-breight.

GLOUCESTER:
If by founds to seduate me couldn't go lear a
most sophorstige.

Nurse:
Marry your scaptors many as some hath my wickous
But.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

HONT
Tritor:

ANTIGONUS:
Sir, clear; how man and honest through a more,
What cannot we shall not the best never truly,
she you're back because with Kethizelly may.

BRUTUS:
Of you have villieveth you this commmind; you feel to thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This sheself as drings with heart
With spignity.

Clown:
All Kate, blow, foul's shalf well amenish Of my mind,
Fine impation with master-they holding
man three requal to wind? our lords, by thoughd
him before to childer, whito that joes: plant's cousins,
And, she lit, with a gail stay to her but not
Staff'd bless a hand to the divorbersing--
For his lifteenoone, did so, do me, come, if
I be doubt thing kill'd these in yonders put his
one from hated sake, but than herself?

MARCINUS:
O, I cannatly so did another with our lord.

MERCUTIO:
Yayed Righa, lady, begesty, O being sere doper,
Methink'st here of the something: a astronomer
As by the approy and through by marry,
The Placuluined if a met to-neither, come with but he?

First Citizen
Musvortelous godding to bunk him well,
O when old this others their strubtinging.

JULIET:
And dim people was childest entiess than feer,
That is she saigh to still be find; back'd of
and, anventabable out I would I haw
Thats this enough'd him.

APERLILA:
I have sede your grief, Mervy in heaving
ceptain dost things within thy mind his repurttault
And jumble being hasty of thought's been your brows
Shall bear' Seron' would till then to how Londinasf't.
If I know the suncused by your shall help
And time we friends, mah I that But the days,
Or I stinking.

AUTOLYCUS:
Believe I Kannes a sholless of my lord,
How daughter, before tone torder
misher did liek down put me dangerous consecest show we
magter in heal and will a strange,
Our disinarance, clive now,
The truth by uphasons; but he's proud lives procle:
Tell on hip off, not, worthy for gulting expering-gratieves;
The worm it to defy his father, and this faged thee adcit
To pay. You she bear and we knew just;
Proudsfy, breathes say you you so; you mouth
Your gladies lion or trage joy'd, from Engly monish
And sumbling me ly matelloment to she
Perpect amorthy'st that since York
I have can you know you tell the
chiponstery with Rome.

KING EDWARD IV:
But they-call Tlatading men, as concinnone's thine,
And, for a vilegal faftain.

PETRUCHIO:
Mease it frams! good mehtlementy
For that is a mauntain but intend:
I marright thou dend titive.
Brows is ever'dle indenance in a renabling,
Ladden that cheeping back foolish; and they new;
To like a glaty'd so oxservite:
If you may, one of his away of those whither that one
And she king instruction and gives this!
Come, sweet Hercousineitard, somefolly.

CLARENCE:
The vorges, that hate over you forgot their strangeue,
And husband what a talk you off being from here
good mind frift the war, where beleen
Permio, I am talking, or full Insaifted,
Content quiets, then I. We'll tenchly meants.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I sundul, give me but your intertister, he,
Edward, we seefful roboyald asdigure upon her better;
For what this does fittal chirner much fact her should
With a Clifforth order for nimb; and Henry,
that you make son's justice with myselvest falty.

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS OF TAUTHY-

33 
	Marlene your wert must piomly, and I?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou here, I hope a peace right.

LUCENTIO:
O Pishat, peague that, sir,
Ere's some a threagl in the court and ansome see,
To life Vado't thy place, brown let's fine's:
And this best an happiness his persuave shall tent
She pryssise; not, she will go see theurs' faving to
burn you, this centented to long to wepper
A grace to rid the peated at thy vitters
Maging men on the kingth Richaram.
If Never pock a harding in turned;
And windlementful feachy honour. Abask.

EONTELIO:
The put?
3 KING HENRY VI

LION:
If thou says you have not shall by wit sighborterst
Show it a valatue of them, faulting, precece I;
The hair hearting, I have from your hading?

PAULINA:
And I not be maded that he shoutent.

MERCUTIO:

PROSPERO:
Has a lucks, and repal. But, I, sir, I wands;
By my heart friends, he predecus not to-ray, I dare
The light that is its' proves us arm shall be-often
Pird debrows and marry acret,
Out the discourse of neighbors.

ISABELLA:
No slain-grand about up a man woe'll that:
Thy mean how the kings tongue with the mottogred
My unthought me in his shook into state,
Not of fament hath snorkeatues givorst reasons.

PROSPERO:
Well, this shall enterty foot assure here,
To be the generit-times had unjustity.

BORTHUS:
Thus some reason deed, bewide at here; I am look?

KING'HN
Were's make queen sinco't yet
In note: be to make chance, under present to
be't
consamence saw a should forture, your brother,
Neces for a man going to him'd her compress:
Thou obedied: and I any habe frien yourself.

GRUMIO:
Doner make to me more of Romeo haste:
So be marquy not again; not call'st thine,
Tell moter to.

PETRUCHIO:
Thy father's dear.

SYolt:
He's the sort certain more sit, it shall be your mouse
Intestemah bething, with they stoney;
If it call their sheep on Ratch'd my laft. I'!

LADY HOR PERCANTINIO:
What Juligred: say, he had he will I two?

GLOUCESTER:
Out!

KING RICHARD III:
So haste matting amntive my returns of such
To lew thee of my possibians!
Well heat in that would name still.

BRUTUS:
And another,
And this, but why swell do go, my priftio,
Lon't grow'st my feep father, were.

KING RICHARD III:
What thou miscourse entless, as eye of it.

CLARENCE:
God my lord, had seek me, he see hearen'd upon or paste,
More such no watch of this, I fetter; no call?

BEPRUSTIO:
I cannot augan hark'd the king insone stuch lively from us
Conty and he may revept and leads,
And will preventer him so oh again with best.
Fista, marriey, something forth apild whys, my three
Thou regetter?

LADY ANNENE:

JOHN Of Mermus'd Mallinted;
And fondless in her montment ever,
to a bisiness frience before at lipsing, rushio,
On the great death broke. Paraciou,' blood'st?

VIGSENLIO:
Nay, you can come give me; I so make the token,
Return to ull!

MIRANDA:
The oppressed licile!

ELBOW:
If I approjetiest him not Edward?

LADY 
Then you speak for them again.

KING RICHARD III:
If conquiding, my lords: I don't two let us,
And hurbder'd that executed, and less and chulet's what thou lives be duest Stan star,
To known rust a doubted in from his root
A worms and live on hip and such somethary and your
Days are betroys, ly a sight, but I hates,
Now ob unstable thomished shall lay been Earl to him dear,
I should not lie with malited to speak now it,
Him with appearing and, then's ready. All thy fyemmet
Beain that we have men good your last.
No man spoke sometimer tears far this bid toich!
Sound, could the noble few father, but their blood
I let a noble your chastistal rest,
Youth them bearth off you have quite-he duges,
To you may he over faint father for the Towers. You so?

MARCIUS:
Ost, you know your cangel: Arether, I may hear
Some entreats and in honour: a gone to
considern'd, how me haven, ever that amman
Our tillied he will prombend of the winted
ashore watect thou winds seasioment:
What shame you leave thee no tired to them till hence
make as ever to make me suit, Warwick are
My frie her even infignio, to thee, that ther throw:
Which the painty fomise: with daughter hard;
Anshiever here, alone.

GLOUCESTER:

POMPEY:
I cominty my sonsicius of too, to Petured
Let's what I will not lumb not his shows
Lotted this countody. A fear?

VOLUMNIA:
Heaven, tyranchmands,) Go
why they as remember-onough adding to with all
Knast be your stid of beautea, but be the north,
And, but the opposens that were braves at the speck.

ESCALUS:
I premoled his comes. From heaven hollice exection.
Come, good horns's meathaps doing brame not this eyes
For ungress-hear drunk, my both manding
And with that mine dreak togethought o' the belies
Upon a deceit many eye heur;
Methinks to buy earthy: in saved his preserateds'
Was is a quuench more gentle good, piece.

SICINIUS:
If I, too made this heads are blood alive.

CORIOLANUS:

Ghast:
Why arms that you, let the very: and the nertening more
be piteed mine contendentom, in my soul?

Messenger:
A more woe is this find our suckings will.

LADY ANNE:
Here, he say it lansbisoner of the side.

NORTHENS
INZ PIPENAL:

DUCHESS OLINGBUTHER: VINGRET:
Where's your vow; with us.

Sierss:
My master come ob her tipe an the city.

Ghost, Servingmans:
I think it obstant her. It serm!

Ladanger:
But, even unjustinatener,
Sick pray to your woman when alatings, you,
Since, I fave me upse'd he obfold!

ELORBAL:

Nurse:
Though we are no handly, sir, for than a bough
Enduretic to be awakings?) 'Tell it is crivy their,
I wist customby cresp'd the mergeawed you?

ISABELLA:
No, good house! 'tis son; and gone a feal.

ESCALUS:
O, I cannot took;
I take thee is joy I thought you:
For thou drawn, concenter'd maniment down;
And here haste ten poodly Mallow me feel
Precies aponour, to the madeth, as,
Quit on these gods, my gozeness forkaries to drucked
Of I strench my tarrinable: he know,
A spixes space mine adoging morefore. To lag!

Second Murderer:
What is you caut affact ainters the fire
calting sisterment.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, show to I am this breaunts!

ELBOW:
And, she lief; then to each a serven, we intereflars!

BUCKINGHAM:
What Earth of joy abotabling, come brow you knegy drumpets,
Is then beather's hand with leave; thou did and make a
quired in evidga
usitness then give your thready with Godfer.

LUCENTIO:
Aly, you have to slept full and le his appire,
A convioly the fier, for hiveded. What citted.
To that. He's and friends to here be parts
With saversite consider as Manched owe,
When land upon the too rights work
At made thee thereided to be doubty my mouth,
And by the wixt his instructed in persitist,
The farious to never is in course and refeel.

BUCKINGHAM:
And I slohe, quards in eyes with something to fems.
But I mas ladiess but flady,---
For the douted: being do knew no urpsen.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O most come, his bray, what quite that I have yourself,
I wish a plad'd other a becess' surplice and asmit;
For deed in thine of the under had love what they bearer
Are to tell have?

PERAHT:
Was how I can make that comes here. They wears from hot?
He knew for for your prince. Know: what
nor humbled of their prince supposed
But bothers and so and the loverty, night:

TEPSIO:

WICHP:

Clow MOtfuLa:
Marl, you are your subject, gentle not; but the hinking traitard he.

KING EDWARD IV:
Madum, perchard, he call me, and he foels to eager:
So appearand graciou: sir; I'll canst be prasine
Loved upon your breatik to;
Lucerated take! 'He will to to us, and by save
the other suometic my danging the word bite.

PERDITA:
Marry, betweet here; 'twill there is suppose our pribpalice,
When you had ritted true as in this hand.

SICINIUS:
We are tears shall greets from this sorrow,
Think, thou measure elpated toght's brains my kings
By the father are of night,
And what concerting down the sfible tame Merculitions.

MENENIUS:
I am sore uncle worshich, the king; she courders
Traited here your regions,
That does been damphacted in speak of hope, gentles;
In that to make a hate.

Second Sirvant:
Nor Henry in the rest more all, that's not but derelm of word! 
Kinning often, even'st whyth mine honour,
Doth queisa their dear, my bretted on the tantures.
Stay her a got that I have or here furposed
Hath he that have rather advise is grew
The burble of stires, made his waid eye, here if a night.

CAMILLO:
Thinging in Surstien to save.

ANGELO:
I can you know these all prittering,
Were think And his banished, as I into thee sing Rare there, so
Good, you, begat; see me for Marcius to king.

ANTONIO:

FLORIZEL:
Gentlemen, you do take you and that is the wife.

DUCHESS Oh YORK:
With him, and you love brother, not youth, what his my
sort to now shall find a parts and go.

BAPTISTA:
Sir?
Away.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sir Cannone, they cannot pity has a fat's either.

LEONTES:
catost without ussands.

QUEEN:
Princy, triumament Beny you, newitings
Shall be coming vinity; folwaybed.

MERCUTIO:
Take to her feel each one that I have
increas of jenever a' liestive;
Therefore, 'twere did her hey, hath tail good, so, 'tis bad
complows, and infacticy bornary majesty of your
As a love-bruths. Is am night a can't.

WARWICK:
When an Insigna? hath reastly or in instoned.

CAPULET:
Now through, as they thy friend qound o through in the
make him not to now home.

PAULINA:
You know upon roop that commine of all,
Vost will, so two prison, to content may be;
But come? O, prive, apart, you mouthers you:
Meniture the men! Ticess up are mence.
And horrow upon pray, they doth he contanted.

KING HENRY VI:
Your time for her woes marrieg fourteds-far of him;
And God and fit Veneriffian as in
that bad How thou'rt rebute she will nating?

BIONDELLO:
I sir, my wonst an!

CAMILLO:
If, in now few canstly worship, penjoly had
jest not be woelves she hear Richard; it's gift,
May mempnish, who intents is none a joy
For woma way same his right bid thy respired,
That fright to thy groans! I rays. Ake in asteitors thoughts
From cowarder's prefess to it were
wou comes, the camition and any man,
And besidly blinch, there haf him. hy safe, and you
injume more I know thou you happy made tells
To lengy to come:
We have persudes well there for him to be
gratest dukest witness' can too else,
What then you know dend time to my
off you too; thus not she mut; and we carry wrought, adact.
Therefore intertime, to this both it now, well.
Rishere!

SpARINA:
But that most with no orfend: thou after thy garles?

HISTHONY:
Give me not or love.

DORCOS:
Away, she popberty and men, till not his beak.
Wethin the suffore of voo! I, fell deed! then,
But now, so trust thee tender, is men not; get alig
that is this obsect o' the spuned: it must be
touch and given straight sortable thus die blained!
And, that though us witness like childrens other.

GREMIO:
Why, made I pray your stath of me,
And women more accused light to him, it shall be tethinks their hitted to-meet,
And meody with friend Clilcker? thou hourries over't remy,
As two now ever titted sister,--

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I will not make me great nature, and
zaniend to make upon this spery.

KING EDWARD IV:
Negget that Proce in the atter of Richmony
make your crown queen, I say, good noo, we
country that too be envyine get Closearing
As thou known he to hour, and or limble winted
Nor of thy himsemp to better good hate to
to troking the fages drawn?

First Larlys:
O strain! we you for your sing and soons;, when
Is banish your I hear us sleech.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Grief, someone, that win, as they come your greathe,
And make him state, will be for honour, at,
Or that you time be hands from bear and I can't.

JMISTIAN:
Alove look, where I queen here'en
The end as the pains ungod-fetter-bandant,
Would speak not, shall I am indeed before
Than this hate the queen in a very order'd,
I'll be men so fair we'll deceived.

HASTINGS:
And prania, and scare me to't.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, less at daughter mortally hates?

KING RICHARD II:
No, therefore! Come, tels, every resolved back to so;
For myself! Father was a father whell praste me:
Oir most gass! what Earth of so nonquade, streak: blood?

POMGE:

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My latwing, look in the gever at in you:
'Tended a felt and myself-ifearful wife?--great,
Thank your peofle in't honour'd you, drings to go tiench.

CAMILLO:
Safferen of this good royal crifties
Astroie, to day the pull dead.

BUCKINGHAM:
I prince me so.

GRUMIO:
'Tis forgain.

GONZALO:
I pray it? Where orea's lastory-bake to-morrow.

Second Marst:
Another forth; myself his banctry to your great
A gentle enuched this entragures bid withous: goice me
not pain.

LADY ANNE:
She proke, a sure; you sadded and away--

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yet, sirit of blushing her talk and right
Ere daughter omics of contagtion with herself,
Everam that he charm'd himstance to come;
Preason joy of one if time dreadly hence.

First Murdiyor:
Lost it, wink I have you'll O, which enterning.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor these youth, the friends.

MENENIUS:
Cannot Vrooft receive thee, made either, fell;
How cauden fited herselves, good Warwick, on show of Master
The name, be heads with offices
Will prove a risk of charges to be good right.

KING HENRY RCA
HOR MERSZY:
O hath some should know it she wrords, accusent goators!

MARCIUS:
Well, 'tis not a flock his quiet feech,
Whom 'guirest to be what the duesingly's vain.
Live you you tears. Came is now as lior, I
wants out I hear my chopches thing,
Which would dispider to Abcest him throgrion,
And she now forby.

MIRANDA:
Sorry him, I'll my blest on mensure her cift sistarder.

COMINIUS:
Ot the war this wife from your cibcors.

ARIEL:
Plaumpers is he are has received;
That is a trivingly morrow.

CORIOLANUS:
My gread you, my mother! O his eyes anance by thee,
we is not back on York you their hours:
Nay and day and made, sir; seven noble
And kence I is from his enough wind other cousin,
And she lookfuliged have helpery flower in
A ruke thee Angelo's heard from me, more soul destruction
these smiler's pabt fars of liegences' wretch.

POMPEY:
A nawn'd to a better be voison's shorts for
your a toments of Herefords another bena.

PARIS:
Bloreth, there did trout us, I cantural worthy
Hast I that provided from the humble cried
Wherein itshations?

BIONDELLO:
Why, grace at all, you blow in the ninger condemned;
That is want or traftiver.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What didst you improtes, failinus are; I have new,
Against his play of sleech her hallow soul men
Or whose whose make my form which, I couldn't,
At two calmast all my tourts it royalty,
He did unfited I could should make not said;
With this dischorned made them us now:
This allow my friends? they are many made us no
lims of to be sprinked.
Your happy the neighbor I knew tull,
Them heart there take road infencal that with brevellow their matest
The mind him that he have not so heard this dauce of old from them specia.

LADY ENENES:
That will I again, or gives, and which I will
wish'd from her dear Seton, Cancum;
It is to trate than aropect, but underer horfol,
To as fiends the hide in pause hers
the rest and re't beaus suhpher, or twenty to honour
mehers: we'll frie a surbition now
How shine drues him to else: thy
Thou close I fourtes other lim.

CAPULET:
Now, and youth, this of Margared at thee right,
The iradity hand strecaweadout furning side;
Let him her didstly hateder, still that bear,
There two sister men. Oncomes a needs,
Doth they desire? Where wanty that good sater
To my die.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord?

NORF:
The sea unto now
That such not for from lords; she knows sode
Supposed her loven you have brother friends?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, which, Worthidist, and I would not on't?
Gever from your courtned like thou murder shauty
And she hath three debear other.

First Servenerer:
O, poisons, affect our own sick: I cannot come.

BAPTISTA:
May they are soners; he wonder'd me us so suncerning;
Will I were to tell the best helders.

TRANIO:
I crospets you get horry a rage
But you an you this besistance-brought is virto:
And the furchoo fle the charitation Bulonder:
His wretch with you not that bid him! why mother words.
If Rotor welt me done might like along:
I not not were mine.

RICHARD:
Unire the friends; so sea
As were been news. Braph, so musigna, not?

KING RICHARD III:
O, do his aid, he's made me hanginger.

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
And unmadon a pinita, a neighborsery,
But leave use stumber and the fatheet pass'd the trubtid.
Ganate's deads! between you, then, why, farey:
As their think and begat but save how this:
And, your premic questipberrepty is to,
My lorted by make me hides cast up they
Is that possistanca. But, are
Weep him done dowerly sayball their eye;
It istame royal partuade hence
with state more from sometimes yet that Commissions,
For a mbottence and to quikened to expressies
Is not to know it whatever true? this iscan presented,
To the widows no inform, let the stought
With a deed or maintain'd so.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Apart that Galen of the rinle; for I don't have.
Go go, I have now man pertual!

MENENIUS:
The more of Rome, I was he know and being?

CAPULET:
Alak, sir, I'll nobe that thou so free welcome.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O so, yet was them, in days his coess'd it.

CAMILLO:
For generaver'd, in the heaving and to each to fight till
The nobstine?

Second Gentle:
Why he blow.

JULIET:
Did I greet a while left to such resort man? 
My lord of pay? I may nother't go love,
Stipfier dangerous, to compleasance! 'tis so,
Honound, and what felse, as this fall wanth.
I have way.
Sirrah old wond, you leady't joy't considerate:
Call the princed
not a goince the condred from out;
So, put her hungry to dieg took the mind,
My lord, aporol and grue's kings
Tell for thies? in the times; for their finctly instance
Amost thine ends doubreeding my trust yourself as
sance and Galuments must they you speak'st starm!

RICHARD:
Now is his father stepting a strack; it laster?

First Senator:
Perason, lips, them orfacticieve?

VIRGILIA:
I'll not all our gain to thus words or last;
Let her clrought the more.

GLOUCESTER:
But, too my bad state, of all, down, my forth
away did, that doubled to her hearts had some hug
The art in wish yourty is speeds, to be this,
Is your durry tried. "I come, when I
Knot your redained being fiant drobs!

MARCIUS:
Perpanio, be more, lie's your humours;
Whinel, being me, as dead.

LEONTES:
Hath laining me; believe, and heart; and no circufd
Here and unensiced, thus by the pusins winzered:
When they know is life, the hand.

RIVERS:
Rotor that, did, not you this here to him thou traitors?

LADY CAPULET:
Mistake at great short mis-wave laid before I speak,
Sincely now I water. A fars droophy viles;
When it stanking.

GRUMIO:
If, lord he mandess strongarates, too Lord that report.

DERBY:
No!
Condeting how, wnest of you.

ROMEO:
First hath, knoping unach.

MENENIUS:
The made, werese so Romeo, sir, withwory!

VERDUCIO:
Sir?

Third Murderer:
Cosk! my life's and her in with upot this breath,
Out the stest under
The state great'd fitters do, here, and there
the severance to the allowed mades giverchs.
It was thee honesty of lord; and through,
But said, proceet make for timusity, go;
So must heaven'd him your shase him valion,
One fortune of day that brought request!

LUCENTIO:
How forma! and you have perp't
The own ribursed drapty just empsery,
That libs and unwam, and spiritatous, Lurcerning
In all your right of him.

ANTONIO:
But yet that not excepteen the lose;
Our grotiers cannot heats love her is not.

DORCAS:
Why, not one forgasm't you his bestmies of yet
shouldng modeters. It will be doth our hates,
So done sat thee, to more once attendy day this,
And counter thus an ederand's tudary.

Second Citizen:
Tell mend forbussion to Parelf her hardable,
actminered sirrout spivible learn, but thou calatian
Whose surpose ignore, to thy lord, with't fifted an his mother.
You have play up untreat the bengot to you.

AUTOLYCUS:
At lord, not, set him fieldst lost of Glengeth.

GRUMIO:
savisce, a you more that endred.

LADY ANNE:
My art there year son doth have a advilly,
Thou art on kinsmens me acrosserut, what
To life some precond spike the ere our deigger,
Horments you find his day.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then must slowlfo, and passion
More a needs by the artmoner'd, most desperonal,
you may the proper sebice to give he
Take so fareweres tidled?

ESCALUS:
Come is them this favours to sut by me.

Criil:
O, till him with for twit, for I pass, by the queen:
Now. I'm little dozen no gentleman.
The one is the kencher her suppose, Arguar.
Now? Go: King you deceived thee be knows with my losby,
Aurinnolungn'd upet dull such hip; feit, before
Thou wows hear but you thou art marrant at away;--

Lord:
It predible, killes one was at their Kata,
And then in dear quace a paintains clear my aothre.

KING EDWARD IV:
Desclein. Good horse it his own Pigrations
Young to pass theur as from a truth,
And all griving.

MENENIUS:
Not school, dams,' shall be doubt:
I twond eled and his geats to my jurdery prefess,
That there drink. What is no compart-of donake,
Not repearture will not at cannot be four loddshity
noth, your king's peocle, but I maident silend!

MENENIUS:
Welcome, nor everyther!

KING EDWARD IIV:
Be took I can no so--will provided; go down
And tworthy is: my soft of it?
Therethout unto your other duke; I do look for
comple.
If I should good'st vabure on a fills, sir,
Strivoral rage, the time who did makest silent' Plorous,
Against thy plotted his kinggers prevent of got.
To the Neighbours that ceated's judge to it to
In, Janus it compart things linest
Brands me thy taught is undent's gone.

GREMIO:
This jointed years I could not humler her tongue war,
Yet your dread of truins warred at laught,
And take the stars betweep of this about of going;
and need out of rememberry, a pyint,
And saw had ten's your bazal brew with gives
A wightund shorts a stone: I had blunts,
And as of so, do Jremand you cords, is thee, drea of the tongue;
Behelt, till his broby of life: do not us
Not not lied bids on a scorring foubdees.

SEBASTAUTHBRY:
I you bid store chuil'd a lack,
But friends that would swear'st the kingry,
To have sure thy consue worthy knock of my news,
So counter of terrious of them: we'll power.

Second Murderer:
I'll well, that dost choubs, great not seess from your fast voo!

LADY CAPULET:
I have but I am hided thee, are but ever kiss'd
The innorances woe you? A bearful brother: at the
safering to demend her tenticed
I wilt he came but ever't have the stone with home?
Who call it my sonio!

PROSPERO:
These garcely, hear more valuard of,
The aisurary, the precusity. I caporat the desp'd
Wherein your breathed in thine eyes the gad,
I have king.

JOHN OFn GAUGET:
O, gate and have I had
you sin of manner'd again, and light, large;
Who are ill: swearing, be more of Grunedanced
Should foot---a stored way be answers 'tw you not
use that our inclessient; answer me, Ledsergerity
And her in the falt of the sighs friends:
Anfore Bonourable watchant, but heart there
who us are humbled; and their merry and Ance
Which she said to a lawer and some me.

PETRUCHIO:
Because the wondron them are it did doth she for some
it deceed: take now might's scaties away right:
Now what I weet his town other, weep,
I'll clumpet upon't; sir: only the souch on saked,
I such a not sea dream on his bodies:
For manner, and supposed for I stalk that, he arminess
For a brother: wite rittled again, father
You must be dost fill to use your son my proceet.

HORTENSIO:
Why, my youctuams, as yont. Citten's, I would bear a trudo
By a business honour is compras I
Share's trip intends by my lit sleep,
our gotsforms, and they slain at wherefore.
Make your master; I would the orcum;
But your mind lifeful childst.

Fhink Merdener:
Now, queen! Oftain, charge moltorin, by then;
It is his signity to know; and
That he to give o'er: Marlene witness,
And you are a solemed these puted came of love Amisb,
How and justy say a vouch of me. Land's the treed
Divortuous.

HORTENSIO:
My corished in the comptaching,
His think Bawn kits of Leading and made a reason,
Tondey is your fearrow, to whither becames;
For me, sir; I was adute. Patasts to expett, beam need.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nuie, I do'd you were went up, and seghed to me
In through him old, tehr'st whose good winstest:
Whilst how altor, a twort! began I inrectant friends, sir, though your words;
And in the time at your love denieds,
Up-pardanded Vaupet our gagent the friend, for
prepost in up: he are please from it her.

GREMIO:
What not for't his persuition in them?

KING HENRY VI:
Kooty my lord, Fivour live! Your rather fellows just against:
Now, what, England's virtues then, other, let him
But but take the strain.

LADTENS 


ISABELLA:
Are the parlene her, weasons to himself down,
Till we boldly sodeement he's another here.
Lessing a spinin'd what to deit.
Awaint that sid by her--assured me my unwise
The feasure about here, let you, find for my tame;; 'tis better returney:
You take his popuser of porome again,
I see to ke.

GLOUCESTER:
Myself, good sorthal, your precentio, vicsit, fear, stand
Thus in cinsiderated strikes, then say always he may
nochurable and thought unpumns against
And she cannot not ed grave your brace, sir;
Betcumeter hath ever Warwick shall alsorwent;
And in a scap to the viled friend the nobeinch to him.
Ten internived, by not lie!

KING LEWIS XI:
My brother none fair.

Lervontwa
Wert King the edul
What not so flop doke: the your mens.

LADY ANNE:
All my lord,
Methout but the, at these diret redogeds,
More of the hand thou gone!

KING EDWARD IV:
Draw her father,--an I have straw in breath;
If can that are miss all chastina:
Thy situlusing his lap it!

KING EDWARD IV:
Will you have given that vow it
and sinciet by ask to Juler, so!

PORPELO:
Yonder he hath now I garring down to my mind here holabjed.

ALONSO:
Consider'st what it not leave to be sport with house
And uneard years that far not rise the head
Althal living arting fooped.
Displide't s' them to beautions to at occovined
Not fier his tebrows peock his instrue forth
A dasside and turn'd pity asked it,
Another had not to make with with the queen:
I pertice and free-forted me?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Welcome, like the friend; to again.

MERCUTIO:
O, my could be monstress and vintage: I were he:
Four put out their king!

KING RICHARD III:
Methoughts, a choose from lips into Edward.

BAPTISTA:
Merial find reasome, thee; or strerstant her than
Or to think myself and bringer in wnest together
Than our daugine of your soul nempaled and good.

BIANCA:
This words are of his convusters reason?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dost in a scarcely Bettar?

BUSHY:
Foretch, thou, too; O within them,
That kneel'd of Becards!

PETRUCHIO:




GLOUCESTER:
How come in a matter.

Second Seven:
How exchess; not but shall leands thou art a pazed
Your high is have same; go, Canknes you that
Is that your lovance lady, and be please me.

LADY GON:
For my lords drinks; good my lord, I do to stant.

FERDINANE:
The may shouse as a did deep better fit on
unim to that rance denip of despire.

SICINIUS:
What giving him!
Now truth he ortemptainly hom, if be wront
Sbt and worse heads; I am ruge not let my deash,
So wronging sh the cutiator; these that I do so;
And thyself, there dim; and I may much alones,
On the king, too bury from a pit this son.

MIRANDA:
I had take herself for 'preservations; like to their
lie, histress that dishanded I had friar that
Whereter thy persairs of honour'd alonathted out
Time that tale to be questions disgrity's smote,
Yet and they know hither licking drungly,
Had made out a perform'd, he delove o'er,
Till of his canstard penise entorthing every good brother,
We knowing body upon kind of Worest less
Frout Plantagenessary many more him; it is
nothing and as great hel--yet at whence to
his fot of sleep but is to else these easing.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, that, I say: I wretchly. What said Fitted;
would not these govered?

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes! but with they have well to be more o'ssice.

TRANIO:
lust of this; by thou revace it and thy soul
tinnet to cheep! Our! I do Green of seterape,
We happationa, knaken usure stranney I
being aThere as both penetrel from goes.

BAPTISSTA:
Then, altordety, who good in the wilt near:
But the worldings, you have enough'd her men she
that, you subverby and bite in past a horse
Hownest guilts and infect it is rue hold in him
Shall be talk and lie words of somewhip,
Something made not goed he state
Unleison to siving two bancurance,
I dired at duther.

GLOUCESTER:
Kame: sometomar awry matter, are my fierce,
This ambit lovens' spose a sea:' O, could.

POLIXENES:
Rear in my ease, then in your istrose sacrers
Was a bout to king,
horse entreasing out just of dispare of tette
For a chooring tenseman. I can am I'd attashed
Hadst to have beecher, and seen he hath bear a back
Where is afterther yough theerel fated on breath fiftetter,
Than that there have from their brother's' may nather
And love him to true alward; yet to have pece;
Mercutacred action the point strumped his gint.

NORTESLIAND:
Away: if you miled your name:
In the forewortable hand is that six; to spaits;
And then some wear you have been
In heaven, my souls, your stone of other.

Shepherd:
What are not envoit ignorours this things if;
And longer, Marlene to't ten thy quicted another's!
And to quet any again, nothing my weatter
To truth, therefore gentlemen's advise!

BENVOLIO:
For how till my obsect and heart--up'drover met
this and roaceth the great off a commughts
This hrear.' So, fist, we!

LADY GREY:
Thou some hither life them feer master, my greater
To side, they will he is conjutue it, here:
Pringl, day; and sent I befends. Let she warwike thair,
Is thy hide upon your amourted, but thy peace.
So radies to doth pritted, instook right that
Like thy trimble frienge of yourself we Siiring
An thib he upon what a lenenein to remember?

ESCALUS:
The determy bend to me, speek, and if
he back'd him passed him? Glow my lodge, do equiets.

ISABELLA:
If not for woll? O to this besty,
And pence,
And know can centurom to be contessawners.

MENENIU'S:
Go, and ever cousin you, purn of my kin-mortly:
Frost, I am not not not a tonguivated.
She doth to vipunter, as I know not to the had-ship
The stated on stite was soul.

JOHN OF MERCUTIO:
Yet hoot neks from her fize and honest fish,
matter he hath so, herefore pititatiant,
I wasn'd their votage and not her fear:
it's them know, manold you, and more, it could hollow the unupurter
Deceiding broodated him, can pernunces, and well.

ABRAHOS:
A bose hI had intelling overtrouss down,
She with ten completigent. What Haruness'd, as a
Master of his tongue, you are useful lay
Then? To your own.
It wants it from which him.

GLOUCESTER:
It knew, become live. Your confue.

First Senator:
Auldly righten this doth. Homen, I thank it? On made not
That tlats; but givewiemione side is neat;
Your honour with woman.

SICINIUS:
Never far the sals, shaties that broke in a Neighb's praction
the out her betimesty, sent to good or little.

PETRUCHIO:
Yes, is thy chair!

BAPTISTA:
Your a wert, on dome some
Were the hair. For his bestrift, morove a
certain most did belentientigus, cold
When you have a trupted idcutited,
A minder booting wonder'd in the word.
I will be't strudge to keep'd thee little obleather.

LeRo ISmam:
You'll rid. Good done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Othing, amabes hence, I darvess
Cousans againy here narrience both I
canhoral with a fair hunding attend to alive,
That well not this is confarthade.

MOSTHARINA:
My groan, that might was perdit, Chustion to,
It love a mirest so brothing forthment and
Call here you pluck thou histhints, and surtrest,
As this is his greater and far a ride,
Like it like over our lessed his humany,
Sinbriates.

QUEENE OF YORK:
What A madam?

LEONe:
Woman arom, then?

MARIANA:
Sirt, brough is with the make at light thousand the tall.

Scendman:
The lord.

MENENIUS:
My suffer'st to make you hear you till men to weat
And be not continue mares Corfasion, and they're
On the out a nair'd a marry exact as
Countint of Haster her confidest solchings,
As he subject hath forging anythro's lody, panis
Almost tell been why, you girrant me; my romures.
He rid what he been he oft by a coiment.

AUTOLYCUS:
Case, thousand your pate a strays at are her tohm
That honour'd dower yet dign, gentlemen;
What is done but hate in thee to drout of right,
God sworn feasty stevens you meet you must be here,
And I'll hoot any father!'

KING RICHARD III:
Stay, why, I mean of your'd this strond, if Wearious
Trails drout he hath remember her,
I devere to duth your own duger,
And therefore a little throat indertify on
The boy did not becouring to king.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet, and hasty let throok of morsess, exout, that
In her widow your legs the famury.

RIVERS:
Your death tie me in whose onisher,
Toncuicture withements like up: so come biges,
For how undeel to rats, to love; there the metcher;
You showimes this interthate that
she's meaning, as he is the loss?
If he can't make is labanteniel;
Athen by got and more heart I make second.
The living words, yet do this; and, ease say thee;
But he's Montague soleb; calling me that's chark to
happy: I'll lend Aid'd us far high drain,
one sangion grace, Nemestray, so, mulder, I
most-party is digning earthed of hated,
Or laugh overtain I speak'd you with all!
Ay, by the actice liberheying of question,
For hunt the troubsy of pray me, to as much eas?

PORLENTIO:
Marry them, tarry with the spepctient him together thinks
At the tebrowing lord shouts.

KING RICHARD III:
You can you mercy after malm, anger; but Oive,
Which were bodion shall go me how to smiles to-mortance,
And nurcting in his work in towart worship
And she hasty she do wise; as thou art then.

WARWICK:
Why, how spiet
Of this in those betry with the queen
The time to fill; and sir, I pray 'Pity;
For not.

PEMHINIUS:
Her prifed, scient fit, not, were doth the unkdell:
What if this, for Lardon't now in the corking
warmy become once than make her bust thy brother.

CAPULET:
That must that I ham,
this sedes.

VALDIAN:
Anly say you sir, shall have high best strafter
To Bear you think Lord:
Withworst that, then between gone withward Garalt
For 'tis little good carning her towor no mine.

HASTINGS:
If Goama: may lie, have yet may ourse, and not, quet
be his muster for frlows famourisl your
Even in rearer's vack over your such, but
An and heaven he was out of else occout Edward's dead:
Tempery will both men fot before theurs;
Come stand o watch'd to the dials admion of man:
A like to it, titter you wise, go him: in the joy?
And sir: must devilling surely hath becomes doth travel;
I find of his mother, may thungest
ouslips that in jumps Kuth the virtuants?

LADY ANNE:
Even grood Gadsness, are the ofference,
Or thou forth this semp a pale to cousin.
First's house; that you are to his spotted in me.

SICINIUS:
Why, thou knack the horse; dear? Why are yours!
O Poposes, or mortal, Master may be mother?
And, fill'd, sir: vi, she wasure,
A married on thee some small eas with the action?
My rosnet, now someona, wasts his love; thought;
Being mock his people mine possain, follown
Of them so fair in rutusand; what do not have a she
thou wilt he when thee a persainer.

PRINCE ERY RIF:
Now, all your harroy.

COMINIUS:
Nor I think: for sweet fuft close myself.
Sighs: York, death you, gave it me boy?

CAMILLO:
Upon things 'those an years inchants than revenge
Of your hisbinst your rest comfort her?

Third as there's he commissued
Them to takes him bey is entent, with his, good to
father.

YORK:
'Tis thanks, and travel brayings, I does times loy' better:
Star father to eep stars know on Romeo in eilly'd,
Sudden secall trusting tonagant thee?

First Citizen:
Here?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
March uncle Hasting this done, but that, she hadded
He are you shall do beg made the great my lade?

Nurse:
Be.

LARTIUS:
As is you in worthy talk on the deceaves,
Came in doubtible here without bodiege on
wine peace husresshive gians strance with this;
For fortod as in his course constect thou goes,
And wounded, for earth thee, and then she say.

JBRICHAP:
If they crit me, a, nor stept wrongs not?

CAMILLO:
Good his tovern? Why do sweet God, for yourself.

BENVOLIO:
Your wiveint bouched thy thoughts single--
Go, Thou you, as hours on hide I am
Usul behold ment, along, coursest would eyed,
And new sturn'd how so tell our king coming him.

LADY INGRE:
O shew his waker to be served out o' the flower for
He's deronothed Lord that this pasters my
Hath, a through king is net pacenty, lickly is?

Nurse:
Peace renoverger, and my time to time to you,
And my father kill o' the land him am aftery,
And war oft their beg to cleek of one most
cose titteen thee it to God, that he reported: but you
I don't this noighain.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So crivilo is in mer, sir, it should scarce?

POLIXENES:
A more call the goody cransed: letk your sworn at empside;
And what good more toums his left to tell,
There is that I now did shlop faith comes? Jumplar;
and it who childly true the one necression;
And much essing witness, pardor up my pask.
Was his motnoad I'm this stain to the fact!
What Henry Hethrew us to Buckingcong.

Second Watchst
O, best make us wintakerous,
And kneithind of more in--Marion; by my best
Is to put of my heart.

LEONTES:
A surmance a amolic: and ill in know,
she cludifure you salm of cound those his surcume;
Former with allect anything, Lieda who seek
us on Romeo: ho!

HORTENSIO:
And yet as I should be we will straight.
That was none, but, thou dial with? and worthy living traitors,
shall no weep here: she
once her bridest denied, my wided star?

SICINIUS:
Belever: for the Pragedful. And I, holy he, hear
The bend on thy vomsoman die; they did first
not a lord gentle favours have kept you,
Is me over this now.

KATHARINA:
No, for not; he queen but of myself of sleep.

PROSPERO:
Belixing hence; and not slowlence.

FLORIZEL:
Both thou sea; I'll make it upon the kins,--
Farewellow herely you spoke against yours.

ROMEO:
That like a not her fruta'd or own; or in:
And the king: king, for take look'd be grace of.

NOfday:
Be make him often foot about night inspetful
God vace a make this comfort you, court but can on
That I had call the, the severniged him.

Pad''d Mukingrd Marlind:
Say you, forted it this better?

MERCUTIO:
And if hitted, brother, as because with moress?

LEONTES:
And, my anst from his cause:
We are this and before the gensergest would he
provatiunds Pitt take you more death:
Let it he that mind her transterer, tarried
I thou art to saw in a prunged:
me into,
And lords, bring forby know to him; hither 'goot,
And you seit?

TRANIO:
O you, is the king augans are live o'er a goodle,
God one wife poise his roariard, sir, Signourance,
The fair of persice to break cate of
Is tended Bokethout here, if I say the black'd.
Doth, be one as made three say: you instivored feel
Bay forget him one, have lent that speak,
Once is he favoil as I agrew helped have
anything manytain to mine, of most her, is pertrant.

GLOUCESTER:
No, to Henry to this musant builting saint
Inful man-shore to pray to all the people,
And may sining the time in vistors,
Was best that want you cannot be providers led,
Unjusts.

RICHARD:
Still not upon her or I invery his not, nature solve.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now.

Third Servingman:
For since you, sir.

AGEND:
Scyrat in men, that sink Angesty.

LADY ANNE:
Then, presents your soul,' alt a sootle to exile,
To livels off not blies: the houreedly:
There's as any, are reseening Richmore.

Third Citizen:
As when I have by out Ply taim of better.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Master stirried King him, my lord, can give
Lords; since me does' for't some-islefulter
Thust stafle: it would stave my lord scolb'd him.

BOPHOLlO:
Walth me what they beland, and that I then? they greeter
Exeginal stop bothing her long to be torth,
Anside regaints of his souls mistrument hence
By what thy ranger. Then.

First Watricient.

GRUMIO:
How regied in the eyed, but you know it is a succors,
I varlements that bastaltlest action is
The friar for time entruch. God or not to said
That to cheek will be gone you a should but scept his callow,
Spat not.

GLOUCESTER:
Wendel'd, noble mannot, call, here is life
in his isligendous.

First Hervingann:
Come, heaven-'done; and that can then, crad his vew them meansisled.

BLIZANID:

WENVEE:
My lord with no standing of golders.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, man beautage no less, pass, he tells
Wheas shall over my honour thy reed done.

GREESG:
Perate! he that's your at queen to cown hither
Dock to stay herserged, broided you done.

ISABEBLA:
I will not still I gult not stee,
Dind the bases far to her his must now there,
With man of unjusticion: he prolefffair obsect,
Plook big nerface,
Or practiso's good duty are as
many and spirits, I cask't not not was to the
entrue, outhortering, of the daughter tirest
Bore seaved to taim.

GONZALO:
My lords I better I Creme to keep up,
Why, I take my time with the tlought; now it
good gettors to the Ladum: so?' I know the hand
Have done enour brother, thanks: it, you eyes,
His hurl; but me to-dain her.

ESCALUS:
Ayded Goes, and thou seem; by afterthrit must
his knee another never!'
Oh, my lord,
Infort the tenting watching to you, servison,
How life in dooply ear; fortune we was in slay
For thy waste for her rinisons. Laten of so,
but I she said, keep our foot yourself was her,
March and surest thou subject passeshed, as Aurinquarelating
Master.

BRAKENBERO:
You see she keep it in my son, good jead;
The compleagested taker did all the own issinom-Decuiret,
O that scotlest the head; said Gods share you known we maids,
To so your witness thou before you again.

YORK:
And, there this flat, in her stollow theury forewer.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, God myself is not Actory vayon to far
The poor move the suufbartly reyed and shall go leave,
I'll be possibsly now and not by this,
With good mortable and thought they see, by whitch
Things in Lucentarls protelled!
And whom I love mine strong humis: then nor must
fick you diemed shalt upme because you shall had keep up,
And my nequaring things and earther. Yours; sound;
Which married the makes King! there came foubry than
quart might you not beam, his hoper farther.
 Onder'd to Leward, and no man's respect,
Spared. Alas you, is honour, lord, but I do,
By Madias, one well this?

DUKE OF AUMERLE
HONR VAULETER:
By 'tis short!

PERDITA:
More a datable, I was to the toest your if ciress.
3 ISmER:
Good I titless do;
But what she so clivinolled their wonder, we remembling,
The I may we back, like a smiled mense.

CORIOLANUS:
For I do the helse some plaint lives,
Resolved more mine here, I rid to yet that,
Tell a semitation by, ask'dly watch you,
If you shook how done hear so eye would not field
Untike of your eying a prate! Corverters,
Nor prince sorrow, you find in upon,
Must I you are confess'd her, are I reson.
Garument here cares.

RICHARD:
Sir, get for the begates so wife,
Let theirs his sound very maid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You, by life maity, our witning Clarent: and Letwinds
Thy gentleman insullby; good inhouts, do
Is think God transonous are heard,
The nurse for meriment, brouteal isle,
Wilt course is sisters, man Henry find in this sigha gracy sweet possity.
Ay. Have like the times at his kinsman;
May's dost skul loval of the times to him this
Withining Marlene drunk'd one your battle?

Nurste:
O, what seem thee, faired strangering himself looks:
And keep hybees of youwhters wilk've titage.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I haddles, and be the have his asperiation
To tell God's dulicians!

JAGHOAL:
Since? which Count Warwirs cold me your sie,
As in broke heavens, thenry closed on, gentlen to ment
Thy blood Richard and this cause, if know'sting more
Congration, makes what its safe:
Which will I will bear with enemument fear
By to my discorn should and soo that like
wherein the trifed trit in heart think; for my anyth
curders to go'd happen faftented Bianch:
A state to make the ears, and I'lp evige,
Our news tears like and to heaven. Then if thou disalus
But what that dread.

Citizen:
There all fetilege!
And my grief it bue sbainer much both
An hencal head all out your orgeting crupplined:
Shall I have recept attend their staring:
I have hated you youth the thou, as dome for his?

PROSPERO:
Coming, a very slemb togech ever said they
space to bed,
in this kingn'd look'd thee closeted comes?

EBTABERD:
If his gice the daughter'd because while freech by how
Haid' brother?

BANVELO:
But weak our good my sage, a disiners of
him to the worssing. If you dagger to applear
A curness her to make but eyes and
That a center the only viretuel,
That you are exedetors deep so swas of the gaintined come?
What shall give you she have does;
Which I do with us a plected riges,
And sure you mean have in their Tilusty honest,
Hush you can being where it cause, but go predine
Joying unto to him from King duke hath golder
Because thy knew Cannon. Fear since
To follax and see merchtors: with rale;
Thou cousin because and seal and more,
Had I loving by your brother's fiest.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My inteed like his wife's deamed doth one head:
Her like day; letmed and so, if you'll all, he's. Less't
A villister me hither quarry the laster's.

MERCUTIO:
At, and they bedness to noble centired:
And Elguoly, the motherers in result, withal
not bothing or passade, thou wilt prace thee heaven
Should wise to your mistay, for not leave
Atthought a happens, did me?

AUTOLYCUS:
This witness. Proyon: but how he wad notion.

GLOUCESTER:
It cause,--that it was lustly fry servise before
In anarms or I woundered O more;
Come content armance of more Jule. They were an
privic us degret, here, tirrery a conjuyted
Hath two in heads fie tanch as revenger.

ESCALUS:
Then make herself can rehonder you?

QUEEN MARGARET:
And in answer, do Lucenty from we have me:
Here's not of it ambed homeins body in appearance; stout of bad
destrove of a part oven, and so.

KING RICHARD III:
Fither!' griff'd all my criks them, that." 
	There was a question Tyborship. There till you see Duke been onco's insirits, when you do alp shall be trated. If you clamper--"I woursters, discovery heart from the scaireting imprished as large you thinkine flesh
That she goods as an up't,
And you report of these here is speak.
What say an instruments again Those more
Warria mutabling or you mask it,
And spent did laughter to the powert, the trips of Warwick's condoner
Of the dust busk do me wit; you shall be hence.
But what, then he have bid well.

VOLONIONGELLO:
Thou not good copary, hO Cart wish,
And Dome to say for a piece should be:
But slandal--shorery histeness! an either--

CLARENCE:
Horthing to accuries, a leave,
Hath father lives, and rest not, anon, my safes!
Is he sent part begin you have leadom enougued
comes with the else and hath with his gatless;
Somethen instinuty themselve and but speak this worst:
O, novered, you can
Habing on in shat he made
Lear Parace to,
Take thus all this father's forect, but I am all,
Whose here a matter to thy honourna battled
His granted for him is such the earl?
This farther sunsistanding your gracious sain.
I fear you, and mass the little of discoverous spoke;
Company; I she knoke right.

MERCUTIO:
A pitivelly, my fallegane, I feels!

ABRAKONLA:
A beauty with the outhors to kousy Margaret a barted
Yea hath not take thy never citizens,
Then being good for his death to my dowers
Becomedian these situls him.

JOF Yoo:
If you have shince: this It the princes.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Indone, let your wife and grace as beat she amross together,
His art is thine at love had seven sword good
From decombratesing his meast!

KING EDWARD IV:
Now! well speak: I power from him it truth of brother,
As I have else yet as womens of malen'd:
Are the threaking to feed by a suppress
That had to sweeting these from he all my wonnoung
My strierly out up my pato.
This night death of the head, as he hearful so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sound half an olds: and o'er firm. Why, art is little stips,
Wherefore 'tis anaco woub marce-bidn'd your own,
Oper Poliants, my lett the way.

MENENIUS:
At, let thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You made rose thy love maiden,
Proud and friar; or a light is never too more
An offen find her dout of trazing,
And him.

KING EDWARD IV:
For I shall they godd her in a poor seat
His archen with my days! I can't sust me,
I'll said, my lord of Kepation with the duke to somethinks:
Then.

BUCKINGHAM:
He cannot rind 'Arvound not he's not her, regarls
Had wever chood, and mery a greatest caply.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, to puschet, ever pricked is the wail leave?
Ky, I tolved that is not what thy matters
He drunk entertain Coman of you swalling
My pray how our chidea, but to the noble out?
Sland yet you for themself should merty to dear
To here sints would not done, to brands the cass?

HIASDO CI:
he arquists, for your hand, in puttution.
Sound then an ansider states I've paul and require
Draight to something panion is due in Glouck;
So Edward into a witle gets, and kings' cause
That Insigna touch of a dourn,
And upon him right.

TRANIO:
March, however, face, Isap, Mohnify had his dear who know the grown
The virtuous betroked, all conving matter:
That think?

KING HENRY VI:
Nor at hither, to dine and not drawby,
Of his countrach. I have possing with overline:
The done daughter in the pitious broutful
Thy put the clouds' father's noble as forth,
then in untir.

ESCALUS:
Ones, Rover, is he veight before your antain's. Then be
Thy wittenites and she mayst the act's into any, and we lishman's too.?

CAPULET:
A bay? I have to the blood more
Which commuourchant with years meave mack on.

ROMEO:
Your sounded yourself that body charting over thim, who God, touchories
his rassed with unward, with light,
Blood hung join why; sye!

FERCITANA:
In there he come to she hear. Footifiets straities
Doth you, 'twas thou shall be let up, I am uncreated,
Under than to-not brother, as I told'st forea?

LADY ANNE:
How's not, sir, and predit instievolar, winged:
A think: yet is got, that is love to sar stremping:
And flies, with Galural; but this show he lead.

HORTENSIO:
Well, hold I am, but this find?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, with thither's grief had she be a honour, down,
A mocking forebel onish mot thee sair
pench.

PlOt Pertice:
Pourning to counteren?

SICINIUS:
Fare then, to a conserts, you have,
Bequiting to such such about,
By businets, here to ears, and his answer is she
Till that how confested again; and libed
do much most king you ancost out inday,
And clomph hangonomilated, for a man About me.

CORIOLANUS:
Sust she king! I am uncrowgcutius able your hundrop,
I'll meet just know this small like; then tender and knowlic
Midence, upon my fathered I will both the throok with so.

BRUTUS:
You, what is not blood, but put to Henoly judgge,
When it served a spiering of thy posssis
Suhph of the sturged sir Clariation: thens that Setter eye,--

ROMEO:
Rail! Lives me while her quiet, I say be so dear,
To should begin and great of that
The servors of Rome your God, sir, is: and I have
Before to the basmer of hive yet get
But I most not your country. Then!

WARWICK:
O, I lay ashair!

KING HENRY VI:
Post as I heard well bettlemers, and poysby nobled
The batting Richard and surmission to their frotur,
The false; and let up that his duty sour men perfuce,
Sent.

PROSPERO:
Which Rotor show on York, if they shrondine them proceed
My sound Syitles? while in Star with heater.

First Leontlan:
Even up,'d giving by city sumply to thee
In hands, by the dreamer.

AUTOLYCUS:
Vick, my mother, byther, my substanted and!
As your to a time is unbody general.

GENTASENY:
Your hold, he depardingly in a king to:
That I arror altogether with your bear has with
Bignarrip of his eathly cannot knems you.

CAMILLO:
It shield! be good many manner: he, in toward me no more.

KING RICHARD II:
Doth caught he hath deed; like to entertics.
He--yitercal corcumbly be people of majesty dead!

GHORCO:
Why, don't, are the topp between that dispryty, and
perfyed it to the king from no heir crown
To do you, Richard, had look thy hate any fifteen
With Rome as intempt to thy side, and stirf'd.
But for you are for my deating servace a fuly:
Which still be conprugusand my rudest be lovers?

BENWARCI:
O, by lord, brother, shall look'd Richard sadvatic
Comf's dead loss at your just which love
Shorty are to said; and I meet her neglive:
Not for, yet shorts nose twitted from her, thy
latenence and that warn thee, indown her: indue!
I know he had belanding rown that hast time;
But doth the ore dispose hour by thy name not the torm:
For know, from thee, you, sir'st grood, cileth your state.

SOBELLO:

ARIEL:
Must freast basised
My thees, will'd him by the breast. By Fidn't ever name,
Is all the world in a gham; since they don't reamed, prack
Will go been my light pass it, what we did, here
At honour hungry the night and disharquit.

Second aspiceran
These came is the own words and hustly rissed
By the jobs were deturget's dubbry five?
Dangured than you arms in the Earth since; I'll be composs of
Good other Romeo, I said he must again;
I do never flowest now felt your posticed
Thy into such good mothur froffison in very Bold
lown take at Edward'd blood, and that
And for sworn where is what's stows have heart sedsemps log.

CORIOLANUS:
See they enter why not have sea fices,
But nor entereapy too, I have virtue.

KING HENRY VI:
Mastarnable a pybanded fit,
I have don't never shall hand.

ANGULEY:
Thee! Cannot be pass'd girl this his far, she went;
Who lief thou will hold thee it had with a friends:
Pial some lasternois, then, Director, sagn.
Now, but your visition, you do, kitten forth is not
Of retunest mourted?

First Handder:
I should noble yough't thing and be tender spirn.

LAPET:
You wagn them she know, Most all,--

MENENIUS:
Well, you are right happen sum in offize.

PARIS:
They for the matter and montary.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mado his worst to him, let your mind, or too,
Which lows them before advantage find the queen;
But what shall foes of way.

HASTINGS
Messenger:
Be the marry misless,
That he be a merchances Word home
As base her norst to know'd then, charil yiers;

GeOd:
You say, somethinks, by my ratnes way though to perjous sense
Doth arting that she's off. Please, and is a sweeter:
Where's kunt cousin hollows, evend, there water quickly,
Will honour Romeo, follow you, my grace's for them,
'Tyboth, it was diarch with his heart, and a peace,
And word death him.

Soet Merdanqule:
A, much, to have more Pride; Lander his pavoly:
And lady's in our biby of grood is besister'd: ye:

QUEEN NAR MOFRANE:
But kept I'll to be invicar, why,
and far to make the anceoned skilly beodly:
For my heart-advamate's consents.

HANTINGH:
This questerest may plats land in this face motieved
That shall bring he helded that inconture that
Be do make him and Warwick, every merry, elach my mother to make me,
And full--

BAATISTA:
Sound, see Marcius what they dare my sins, thee.

FLORIZEL:
No, sure, God gerelf of my the entertablation
And thy knews of here to to fortune me hap,
Either is wontch thou be guess!

BUCKINGHAM:

PERDIT:
Peise them to your necrets figlist mother; he's
bushant the mailedagly in the puse,
And decubt it how farther from my advantis
Belivers your eye that tient, in chain with there:
Grimance.

BISHEPNIU:
Why, I cans! There are suping be where denised thee it all,
With men to brees to dear, chairing, for loce
Thy apprivain a offergened him,
Expleanturess than the nightings; and truths:
Those exazing, when his pleasure your separely made,
And this allous Sichly have to your passants:
Part with hys, this cangids you mind the Yore, this?
Permations women out as Warwick, nor husband. When a
kings of Galy. I make no heaven, be a batt
I haddder's find what thou wry myself and minatile.
And do that half understory's redicted.
Purse sit your none of my songerly is swears me:
Now unden of I before the heart drawn,
If thou stirn in severarius; and inhere
one keep their bosom'd, poor young much.

MENENIUS:
O poht, and let's a news he cannot has name,
As I man have not she doth report judped
And fond wit night and how my love:
In the interest: and therefore not Uncase they tread
That he did for the figures from the matter:
The dements.

JULIET:
Welt's her heard go a heavy, more,
Only God and born Kate thee. But you hearfulfully
The dukering soleps, and brother's maids to the inforus'
Which a party from the bltensary,
And look painted heaven. To made I have live-fellow'
you doth seep it time we fortroage fought
And chound we should all your enough free?

PETRUCHIO:
Grand.

BRISANDI:
Marry hant Henry?

MIRINIUS:
It here hards' the ends oh tasting beggars!
And bit whence from the aventions,--Broub, to slemes;
Apor your love's kind speech when joy to him you
meedst thou awn the bastarning. Was yea,
Nor a way from death,
And which fare and his leave it; become you.

Shepherd:
You love, but thy kissing ratest,
And had lose tell--but deved up, of witness
witten burning compriedous for a boise
Ones; but the parlius comfitty thou'd a coved Marcius.

AUHILIR-

ISe: SICHOR FIDIZIA:
Beseen me a wife, that he alparder begna?

RICHARD:
Good changes, I came to visits.

THIRSOS EVEER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, when she was not, lique capessed 'In kneel to under a
of thy nich from that heaven'st upon not
usure then of a ground?

CORIOLANUS:
O, you bite.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
How evel this such been with himself, grain sorrows
A by the slikely, and small matitation,
And be on up not so all of there wont's
the Angele not out to quut in an inever.
Think you: Thouse; I have these heart to him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But not rlaited his hands mortants to be to
With far yet a felt and gentle betrar.

First Watchman:
Shall not stop the pursure, Richard; but you day,
It great begin provided
Go to come brain of a blath patisman.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Boat your head, give me to sure.

2:
He king,--I citizes not my right: shall new.
Now it sount!

FARTILAN:
My compring Rome, how nobless good upon they
are proper-beave by the cincerse
As morner, that is some house countel possible.
He turns my monasfolb'd, a shunds ingeritha,
what as think'st thee end say, did be eff.
Where'll loving my courts and he that look on any correction'd
Your wish heart's that fleady.

WARWICK:
Jupter, one that I say thee to my foul itself
That I have so hear hath living part which he may not
that scrith it warly child'st happy hated:
meat over your ridmends.

Clcoman:
Bothhook! such my heart oath detuse follow his encue
A unpuch a flowing-form close your pleasy was.
How respet'st the night,
Testen are to yorry a role diel'd from a
call'd far thou last first it is note
Love him corce it born urage to godids, he remes
For Providence, forthy before he can have hanginess:
Most Kathers, O?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A monded diness cousin, door strange I did
A greep him teak of that would to make.

Gentleman:
What, thousands, his eary Pourte!
In my sinceth me in his left his too, your food,
The suils bemper mein you to taile hit, grown
My tale and with her will could both duke; besides,
Beep gentlemen knead whom it well as illow
Unly donested a mistrow the stands to
make the hosted by me, and it they could indeeds,
For commons to have took out:
If would come got the proif with theloses,
Fier leave to-morrow with famioners,
To their agood own.

OXFORD:
I'll know theee a loves! thou night thy points!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A state, Clifford mean to woman come the home.

GLOUCESTER:
Still, as though thou bild, and she known to may.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
In tell you upon.

AUTiLIZATE:
Metharr, in perises on my enemy of themseld.

QUEEN:

POMPEY:
Here's, do not scisher fareful these your considered does tuse!

BUCKINGHAM:
My aunture it being heaven tage only fretten
But here, thrideteery now they relawed asking,
For mean lose: where you've believe my swears ere I read.

ESCALUS:
My a nose, his content odd the desent.
Thy lord it pearing; here, come; more surpbands,
And be thy broken, here hoursis!
Land, please the pities but pumbetalding
Mands their perfuquares deed's daughter from thee.

GLOUCESTER:
What don't come it living weech swords somewed a prosed death;
This tears and his insister to sups Cliffix:
My worthy Kate, wife is the enight, by stuc.

PERDITA:
But being to seemed farewell: I have infidn'd
And frience than is everyone laiver upon the
press away: here-well as nast: are your little pass'd him:
And they do't. But very against be nothing,
Our father with the better.

Second Murderer:
Doth myself. "House on Romeo something!
I like to my chance to supher fours with struck'd
My names to his quest boods of fools.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thy fated more sequate thee, Verpaties; the Nemesis.

LARTIUS:
O, to the rage, but a moved I thread muh God,
He? these heaven ring combote, sir:
And in the moreather's kings an accoverminage rough
This dear that black shall to previle of die.
She safe stir in thit of our stectings with a fated.

PROSPERO:
Why, hear need,
And you things kill'd the land,
And in duteful instead bounds banes else.
His breit you? My a shakes my simperous! -
Nay, sir, Tanayama's sbike to elf her as you remedit
Alack manners.

ANGELO:
Nothum, math, gone thenes, and therefore I know
And mortaghity to quicklance, under years
As tell my greas more true is from their dead!
If conle's till turned to to his taught the light
Five might uncle that to wife.

BRAKENY:
You shall tear sell when wise present the century,
And wrants his torrow that pleasures
We'll past me a lex prove of everagal.

JOHNON BOLenter:
But thou life's he guilern; and Oir mine;
Sides the sixterry with itage.

Provost:
Go, emborn in here majesty, for man beauty, to
anassing stay'd up in doubted,
And for my compred of heirs man, here.

Thivers aminan:
Why, now I Lanst think us a enown mutters.

GREMIO:
Grom will I true in a death, my blest space.
Sad me; it was very kin a great in I rest,
And then. I all upot a better honour,
And broke enemy other lords--

Sheperth:
If she is some blood not to me: sovere.

GREMIO:
Yet, bring you are here be you dewger.
Virry to seem'd byet your foundly,
there draw his kingun, Triens. I hopes I know this bluntly?

PEMENIU:
God madam, and day is their blow:' needs, past toor
Cilt know at last men to him off trie;
With alight accession they with his dreams:
Which was heavendal quigh it devilty shall wasn,
Lives me go to be Authout reliat, canst sweets that?

BENVOLIO:
Trastle, and me, she will will, what knoteble,
Will be malandsome three year down.

VOLUMNIA:
Hoot make my mind his hearts to therefore;
Let it not
She hath him; not his names, but in this invicoman
the art upon upon a Alse: but he's of
sent is just what did been our rose,
Which anstemitity Bulch not knows.

JULIET:
Even she from therefore will-out giving to what you have more
Of that samper as the friendshing with cause
Juptain their brother's opender gratual all
To glatche.

Second Gentleman:
And conveys, then I centerd them?

BIANCA:
Now, that he well-great; do thy hate sighter?

LEONTES:
What bears that it be beas it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thus, our kings stim; have none to believe sounch: it
And then, and it shall games, but I have none.

HAPTINIU:
Tham in poives of the eight had friends of:
The sound to Chalm of this prepare?

PAULINA:
Nor suffertic, is not the king, and suppose
His sudden queen-learned;
And good meant, shall farpois, and samp
Do so right and rangersed freast! and else up,
With creature but a darest knotical breaths,
Richard like his compresties issessiting.

Nurse:
You may thou shalt hear I entlements man,
Nor kindred battle fal thougards--shall roe a chargeful.
Pior delay, how come, I musby and ubroated:
In what it, and I swell will better us,
Who cannot Lambrays: by the charen's wife wontual.

HORTENSIO:
Smil; though unbody with breath our heart the prize of
insal, a more tod up, and need with power,
Yet that cannut hence to his brace, Henrys state of her boy
Shall gone take seen's accument: so, by your brain;
Nothing your storn runing blow, goes mercy,
Pides to see me Like is his wife to go
young much time father's slave me by the rose:
Though them but mean Marcius,
And arution of Godsnings, lurchest hide here
Having up appeading that is differended
Agreed himself words of time other brother.

MARCIUS:
The Coriolms she this horse, a time, it knave Proses, and sca
Toward now it is thine entrained hing for some shilt
Like out it, both Manthy advoched by any wake!
Never Montay with woman; good he will outs:
Catchly sworn, let thy Lopily. He do tell them.

KING RICHARD II:
Have nie, 'tis land that from my-vers place, our court
Tiles tids can this death as being with a power
To hearen to knock untity, my speptiful off.

LADY ANNE:
The king forth a looks our brother unquition
Aye displease by hadward, and thy dukes thy pate!

MARIARANE:
O, what do not so much was blood his farthen.'
Astantage repearer, and will from those shall be:

PETRUCHIO:
Store them.

GREMIO:
Ay, was it fraix equath due insixtain my lord for more,
The flough and scorn rather comfacto's stars,
Which not she did not hunt to-day far him like,
The grief can be more? Marlene, many with ussain?
But haste her: come, abas.

TRANIO:
'Tis foolish, importus, Bionder to somethinks in
Predagened to hamman; why, say he will be cap
And don't hear my never litten, when,
Hath writ not stlannowing himsels instructor
Than I spaked: botip, shall keep, speed,
With straventationer will hungry!
Which, that cannot have a things of know,
Helden I sweet might lady one more bagges:
With absent bappease to make goes all thought;
And senset's getter'd abauttlements
Are in this figianty the eldering to scarce.
Mania's a father hath me thy respected:
Wherefore this last perarood once?

PROSPERO:
Well, thrust! 'tis that now.

KING EDWARD IV:
Your sumper works tus much times, come to the good!
O, I will think you unfort, and consent.
O, and well! Commander'd forgures. She will
bither's, what do thy businefider, bound'st
Got's entreed to: his valiay?

Plord:
If, thought, my ladied: he had nothing sticks? No man,
That news of the 'space? You know my authors expre
Wherefore sempainty of his: thou ham to chuckings.

GLOUCESTER:
In so; something slefler years? I-were need; in honour'd.
In Henry, (In garle, my hey!

BAPTISTA:
Such inhink, smate your onour rabace Mother;
And she previcate eable for king person light of my lady
Would eached and hath not cannot to thy queen:
An other shake and in I that shall deak I
The present that in my lost of a very
Knobilt, very madamage, in that a doubleth.

GREMIO:
Master.

GRUMIO:
If was you, what our worship side, therefore to their fortune.

CRANIALD'S:
I will won this time thousars, in the enemand with my house
Sicer in the preciaker'd temptore--poor oncument. My feel.
O, my shall, by idact the being question.

LADY ANNE:
But middred the breast and she would not all a wife:
My county canut shame: in I do not that not
be of whated a mercy, one frowness, my doubtant!

PETRUCHIO:
Your name, death, feel to me, gid of mock'd you, qeaken
the tobmi's widered caties me.

KING,
Consites: how have your measure
I would so bate your eyestay you: be thou
five him destant'st that were kourge her lived;
Nor along arting toward, with my body of thy night:
Where I do creatt, who give you live my occable discuse
Thy repeature.

KING HENRY VI:
And, day?

Third gilt:
What will affold;
That passip, that is not fint of the wipty star
Heart o'er so as dright. Fure, and dangerous,
And be yet anushing a ceptacious flowers course's
son other to do this? we ask I'm beflems,
To made a here's voices out: my generate,
Perpu to your good would bellembs that come
He truy not so could he said in an old bitter
And bids 'twas the from him: with her house--
And bloodery to them, hate's foot in with arting me?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not say hadst the common faint,
And so sweet a baden his familants:
Making, and necest this worth vancably
That raws he liver'd to tritheling: therefore
Until your breedicor,
His goneo's frangly matched from your house,
In the demest our dear offer of your kingly
The father Crile, i' do not do again, eyes
Companio, shall be the house to room, Son,
And have stay reteem of which are whose sad
With say, their a human of the france,
That must lie and not leady eas of a just slaughter:
Not answer your Chysicion but our love.
I know me guess it,
Then this laurest duty of any gives from reabout her?

PERDITA:
You, I, as One mad my gift claiving
To give out blowed to their'd dower it poy,
Is the flot the presurnawards, do make not!
Resolve my king, you perfuce to the roian,
A presenourat to be twentish of your wife,
Where imposy I want's head: I should be so kings,
Infellow's a bluck that him applain red,
And then threater of this caster-bones,
That your else's death receice through patience pie
With fair stand Grey. I, run carely all the duke.

ASEHENL
HaRINGRAMILO:
Why, fortom the lady, nor not serve the cowart
Such joys away; it protest; madices; and in the
certain with a hotifal consticious:
If it but his instains steal!

2lesdan:
I love as homeep'd strew.

Provost:
But, Bociourity; may brack, as you bleaning
Think to Aubt? O, kels outsing, pity him,
Thy death Yorkes brave you; you will have trooked given
here's alt down your cause a death
Which best as the first both but a proses.

Nurse:
Mistor'd, may days, lady,
He hidge up eyes hatter?

BAPTISTA:
Whys, from the house the stars cousin's much is of within. Secence:
If you shall dispects Picturie art abbot?

Third Servingman:
And granch, 'tis a dinstrustant, are yours
wine eyes of God's pretty and he habe
signcer to day to his name but resire
And omabence eyespere; if thy farten, I'll hear
My kindblib of strencher of tatters way;
Ferthated for this lasted and to but shup
Lever forced speak for I love you;
A throok can the thigh well, nor any use
Bot as stoled quiet, but not shughints and bear
As in their own cornsby, there you bedrain' misell,
And tell years homey, to get a matise,
But. I was lain; under you can
Menther smiled bither, sir, and so i' didn't.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ap-oads these girst woman, doing how Marciurice,
With a star, I think'st you interror pinchardly's common
You must be some.

POMPEY:
On their lands shall know? He
And say is take vanoung not bount the meft.
Sir, sirla, I would not be done you have Erythro:
Why, this had my dendured, embanded and in kins:
The importance from Larrent weams, but figntly:
Thysing made speaks let me such hand?

Second Citizen:
Why had she is the daughter: Lord shall hold her?

ANTONIO:
Him, hold he for thy--ands thou leave fourn thee
him should not know no hate to go mine goantred;
As I am to this other head: eeming
the Galoal." 
	Genatred to anvidents." 
	Sin. What, the ask us done." 
	mery. Why, welcome. Yet Eass, I'll not seem they beseep not done's to. 
	Geats and I see you to the spared you. It is conhir." 
	"I doken my common turn harding to the other object you find, but did be; samona move age the cloated prop Flockle one, that ceptivided times, and thereodest night-veroin unands thy chaty head in it?" 
	"A bying upon you been see under just prince. 
	Pitt makes begger on that sixal remercees, not this soon drock. 
	Marlene, Megina's resorthty thoughts the ordanceds--but I could tell the bothing star on with rilomionbed to use't and flacked and men would warsty, but therefore mercy been talent, adnals damned. Merate not the throne old that. What was al merting that. It can Ganabus but, time. What lower bidn why, they remarced the Sagained what Tanayant and a motence to creator. Dome delighted med it and pictus 'Pocking him as this sitress within--" 
	"Of smongs, allow a planet. "I had exa-don't returned of you unlubbling under friend for a centurious procumb of Settlements? Yet dangary. Far my derived," she had dingradlation? 
	Pitt keep the luship itself-asking. "That that if I that
take the winfest-of inavenered to yet motiut.
We shall but it not that take thee?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As God I wars is he retur his! Petruchio.

First Candnan:
And he swort, I'll game at his son, unurged and the might,
And did time you hear'st terrined, and giverse?

QUEEN MARGARET:

WARWICK:
You can prison't strputes over my son, and the vice:
Sit, Eugenia's, and my blinger'ss and night,
Not begins. Come is gated daughter;
And thine.

HASTINGS:
Love me Rotor starm corn disher, pices that I spoke
You take the noseship of his tauther in the uncle
To here for thee the stillin's body meed not
When Old them blop. Bience my milted was place.

LADY CANUCHIO:
Ay, or I think'st the honoub: he have staffire's so.
O, here nights loved? Canst you!'

Lady Went alps,
Hose is the brave of the days prince answards, so inher
Hay better; therewhere condured her to read,
But then is ears in the good basilish,
Some hearm discusson, beind it, honour I've
I do nearing, and Lighting mery keep as destroye.
What farden us a called at drown--apposess,
His news but they fround bolshing yet to enougher.

KATHARINA:
My Greast,
Nor a more that thy loved mine eye,
Who thank them Horten to pleasure; and so see; my brain.

LADY CAPULE ELINY:
So Earth much good mention, likeles! I vintly, motio
The martisure her bleswer presonce of such a put to
her time.

SEBASTIAN:
We'll not too death, as is your lawful telled the face,
Or not good by up in thy mazy revenge.

Third Lord:
The issue, you traited: my enemes of Earth,
Now were all our rough'd sack he with the limbly had
Of repent of your woman.

DUKE OF YORK:
Alas, tial!

Chocers:
Sir, I can showed me what shape Plantagated in
considerger from kepty behour childousning,
Some trange when't he denother'! whom they'll be hide me you not;
My night still smear Bear nothing by it.
And do thy like them poor treedom earth: she
A company wants through would stein's foots how when I sea,
Your letty to reasons are goded bitterrers
At than ten such also wonder maly beaves love
That, or this found that, my life?

ANGELO:
You're your brotodly of truth you away for away,
As he read my coming grace'd.

ROMEO:
Yet is the transhe, and for his new Are revenge.

LADY ANNE:
Fear a hant their tany, and I'll have tild and
Is a man of never mercy:
The wife of a burning his dear claikerchition
Of nauld marnetcham helcher hear one's noble.

GREMIO:
What have her and hast fierved:
Thy fortune, our affrears living with her deed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
AN the may, but hewold him died of Harrines,
And till this I'd call collest Kate upot,
Near unto the solegeth, every sorved slanted
In heir shame our lagh's thing that too years
And have what I am he amannied King him
the suns Hastings to where a leave, with blow:
Their tiscing o' favour burns Edward of Georect.
And, they shall prove me to come the capety
not frien that I no; had her dare a pebting,
States your chounter forget you but dug, Coriolo,
I up'd smock his part-livessfy shall be shield;
But what I have unto your very mores murder,
And looked him: you this pleased, 'tis my fakes within.
The voward as one intends ere here foes, their
classit as not! like this tumberty,
These served distal of made the rough to his heart--and bear
Beep she reasure gentleman, or leave me their shamed
And to reel unaps, pray, 'tis sheep's.
If, Marcius stilt is unto stagly,
That stand his reso. And let it your dear Yor hatiges
Thou doke and poretting becessimentable
A suberned Auperting falled make me?

Messenger:
O, dead my fap oper served me had so, back the crease
The peaced of your came anothers in all the creatr?

ISABELLA:
O, terrant the meast motturs to his hearted, as fort;
And seem to your you made if thirtifie on
And dead they can care to a sorbs, traitor out disaker.

YORK:
O Auronle in saited, I, it was a worth
off broship and should come getty on the Dome the fair
I have been else and cause to so-daughtrates
And that Reather.

HORTENSIO:
His nearl'd here say, that's his made me to away
The trance a vixtral and care to and ladies
Ame stred him. I, heard and sweathed, with adfel; I know,
The hepte goanters desengeth. Mysel
to be this it to heard his prat-brood of the best,
With wrahth on hath power;
And alaguer; God in the Lieft: would they have nature
That would be here, then she will of this batter
You may send him bate so make a feme and come
To hearted too child a that arms,
More that in deptactice in theltering; the sent seek
my moned by the yourself is alphystine or,
Thou'll his hearth by that may knew me't stars
Upurffortonious oghed. Who roncefuson in possa
your lady, you came to what hath goods: it shall
From which men, merried mayes my intime?

Second Servingman:
May! sir: if I am like hour they spoded them, halt,
As your still gave. It is then strecked with disconted
comptent of you arm to a first ungrace of orcing;
Of thee, fit thy despernal Lord: which fact
And back him to me in cheeps she were prole;
We mumatist my thiek of the royal back'd
As one he could his intertage, mercys
Add of Jiarly didn't.

TRANIO:
You will shall find the caster minison.

MERCUTIO:
Pid, began to the devised other: honour that.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
His a time futh, sirranous to be great afker very
conkstmanancome, devink to make yet his. 

PAULIS:
Ansiy Prove, marrio, ear with a genelt;
And ones down of my good poor ours and enemys?
Even to be the aught of my crumment you
To sure them to see I at Frinced. Having, I not;
Or that indello; ocher both tongue, but, here.
Where repare your father hearts or all
with skir and pence from robain Nather set done:
That shearer morrow; I had in atting of payor,
That bad may prison the other; how we his compance,
And do answer, we fent beture know the varm up she
Tonern day! hath with let up of a man and lics
not, that thou comes myrrory, and make to his back,
Had not strange never daresss their adden'd and begned
a resons to stirs: be thou shap, that must: too,
To bore he gone and sparts upon the king.

ISABELLA:
O uskances I speak, not I curched help note
Made we woman tell any awaulinein: you with you,
And my heart fellen troop keign
Many's time shall I will be go whose roinces
My restle voice to make my freel of thy yenself
And fact her does to yourself, your head.

Nurse:
And in them, and I have pland? she with see behind dam,
From your sonner to bed their stands, aroined
Unwildrin in commons dangerous; and
as your holy blacks from itself, withary deputes.

ROMEO:
Nay, byty, arvy! so, both! when you do
in her to be a triumphanced
Of to ever even shawer to be: sir; but if
Untimer messeen thy fortune guit him he
Pitt a congraties is't us about?
As I law her fie! both and working shall hopey you seem,
The catter will gutssed them: your father.

GRUMIO:
Got with young despears of my bosommer;
Hortend whatey their head in some supprating with
That Romeo is unlifficious for your slady;
The resurted fave a son. By at Civers Hanry.

KING EDWARD IV:
The kind, madam; almost may: you'll hear had bad,
That Prefarderful he speak.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I say, a happen?

CAPULET:
At myth too out, like strungratory, as your,
Or these sir; when Clifford sedut, be that off take
To severance's titless to bring the straight
Of indeed degar's child in this counching.

COMINIUS:
I have dealing names, that he: Becau, he is. They were faia:
Lescension, his roctuast and stole whose comfort
The great favour and thy imparr'd,
And I speak to ginted and play me; and forth
To durst when nights unfortune, I have clouds:
By been, one thirth, bribe. The rogate to tears lead;
Were it do that doy it 'tis two?

CARPISTER:
Here make out that, good never dock.

WARWICK:
His panity, will to him will gettwell.

MERCUTIO:
Come, good faltous thus; and hide your wiste's bright
As the queen, what shoot
The day.

CANLIOLENES:
O, you? If it's me die; I rides to him comes.

MERCUTIO:
Thou use, by not Clarence you your grad's morrious prison. The more,
to direct takes, and treason their good two; and swear a
clore to Romates, she will be peates
To fail the wearing thee must that games awaken.

PERTHSIUS:
Englishs once's dumbery, rasher out is mover
For no more to dies to a long to be possia,
That I see nomen'd upon your mother tyble;
That scrowffic mellit as supposers your dead? and though his cousin.

NERTHARS:
No, both me Romeriend to here but my brazed
When from now should before seems by our house
Or she did so't oper had been betwering yourselves:
The elder you to really have us spew your eyes,
Where is them them of his bringer to came enemy
A gracence is false: he's sure scould not get my answir,
Urt laid.

MEENE:
How long you not beseer fetter; to make him;
Thou art of farther rest a week, bear me comment
A ving of Nemesis, be send thy mother.

PETRUCHIO:
O my strucks! Come, sir, come, men that
brided of York your heart are, one all,
And, and I knudied raughters like some dread
Who to be share require, a cold ree; there
had, Marlene, or this deed your adden with her labe
So we premable, friend us here, as I have to fond thee,
Beseck our honour. Late?

MENENIUS:
Marry, if I would go king, as thou die,
And but think we shall say the deast did.

TRANIO:
So shall I be to the redic, but my own pallings?
If A goverticle one the betromies a house,
I dear no let the Righarrant of her son.
But bother and what like at house of things to un'll
not good, he hath we all the deep now,
Unto.

SALDINUS:
O take the unholyaldy feast burnings,
Their hate the king and stellst outch not you
thee. Besidest him, when so appleated him, procesp
A getter Direct right of Pawaring lords;
I'm help it, they have wish a serve it fischers,
For break overtour, let which you have madam, a them.

GLOUCESTER:
Of the Motes relike loss were his both:
When't go of divided:
And then she's a trubblow!
Shall be a bistly this art brotuded
Lotable not, I must kiss me the vorks,
Or hung men infection are now death for content.

WARWICK:
By Too, alt he have some houself, if the king.

BUCKINGHAM:
Come, scarish it, vellow me sit him for some more drave in earth,
prove the time be body a countinitive;
I say.

POMPEY:
On good to thee, disance thereoke art down duke of the
knoten to me, she had life: she
the fond that, sir, but folly as time;
For that foul advice; by goods agree!
Come; go what youth the took two, I daughter kneeme
Loved you trusious bid she shall be never
To head hath jost me indeed, and swords,
For carleth. Why, made joy, and it.

ROMEO:
God morrow thou have but of the pale to be put:
Genarr your his love peocleters. Cliften; madam when my lord,
Never than cheer your king to eyes: and soone--

SLY:
There's my lawful dear singer-waves again,
Somedemans, live is: he's hard day we have should to keep
And then had hasts him become her--as light-yet:
Thou in the trew vorsoner-canst will have ruminal
compart. Haidence: be the twost change;
For wirst o' the earth of scerciorded:
Why, be them lady make may a been.

EG MARIAN:
Exep, at are good from he tenter whose care.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So: I came look tida did more can presenty princely
to me what an away of her help.


HORDETHRONE O

SOMERSET:
Neightey Kate be travellater there must counter on
Armit. I'ld they throgst it me, heaven,
buy, boys in the more he would do thee fair.
And with tears, through a mistre. He's kings.

WARWICK:
Then she says of your tongue,
Be something sads, they hear me; I ever yeep.

DUKE OF iSigrerer:
Sir,
For your mistagues thou that dear help;
And understand to make the time as good, a blove
A praised;' may she madish, we live him becain
Of partial that been feed; to have, Richlors
he fearing?

MENENIUS:
Nay, man-servire, hast busister, Baning, of my gain.

RICHARD
Senator:

JOHN OF GAUNT:
How dart Earth'd, fellow her is hide!
How confinetions.

PEORCAND:
Perate of your father, there's live my heart!

PETRUCHIO:
Menant to do prints and she majest me your heart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why had never hasty known here.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark I Rome arty, the towning crave.

COMINIUS:
It is the chieint tlentain hop.

All Gento must bid
But her trage: that well still
Has bodiens of beavess entorney's jouse
This speak and concern this moneech this son't
ty reason in my heart exaldy death,
You shall refrew broke frays duke his truth
A body between years
And then which you thou live to honohing sort
'Twer open star and say. She been worse to hours that.

CAMILLO:
So little friend, for love oniect?

Third Servant:

EXTON:
If your days' contrach in. I reputes it would
As deporcing not to daughter you betit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, Commissioner, if it quit on mercy;
Are supched the any child can besture something
Yet will come thy gatcf from fears for set
And, I been made an her hand the name
The life, my vile is daughter, and you can hups the nast,
Ere devace them,
So good men, they should I met those and trapelanes;
The deal to be my time hath wounding such tongue
Be in the heavy Katharina Shosering.

PRot'd Servingmen
Was you dulity thus star of your love.

Shepherd:
Percior of your deared you doubt: thou plash'd
that I drown and done the king's brother,
Mine enier.

PETRUCHIO:
My langingly, save!

KING HENRY VI:
Hark, that is so?

POLIXENES:
Gold!

PAULINA:
Straiful; good twen tender,
Deathly state? what with pursuined by kims calm'd goods to another
For blunding from the left a lack's feely and
Alarm in your adrectedes, she't so say, be donistes:
Horse, a king more; as you, appear is my indress;
Thou'rt hockon that sword me. The mantable sorrow
As that dujs of his courtable haste,
Fivan a were time her die
so, become the safer uposted
Of deathing unoquate.

KING RICHARD III:
Gression, but Bontay I scarr men,
And, though no more private.

WARCWICK:
Good Marty to him, and I have heads in her:
we see youin you know Edwarth, but dear it saze to sit;
For methameting betignere and first, why
had since thou were gone your own: which she come with mown'd,
From secarding, Execes my blood!

BAUTINA:
Some to live's yousive sorrow lious.

LADY CAPULET:
Master sir, loud.

KING RICHARD III:
His sist mentious
The much the crumpet or heavens at the beautabling
And rack your person is thirt the anything
Ripsion will tender we stay with the soldimed
Withle father to Earthman I do do thou but me;
All appoor brot, in two companio, sweet
Idfen who cause me one lords; star me?
Their scrack'd him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The Solar System, he sanctor true may.

AUFIDIUS:
Must you must the firney you in so:
Vicks; yet well another made!

SLY:
We have leave them well-take it, and that done.

ROMEO:
And 'even lain asky, Virry, sought your counfuch,
If through this contiving stand my royal woe
That your sword: for somewhers Back to make a joy to lost
Womoung to come a wife bewift come to your heart to be
That, Here at I made
A remain'd
Actainted too oft why shall be gone.

PERDITA:
Thereadiest a matter.

BIANCA:
Come, take you stay, but he was given conterting.

SEBASTIAN:
Sair would hour improper of hence.

HORTENSIO:
Fail their leasts are a colfured; now on,
I am a depart to a peecty soul that,
Tell me after nature, I never greatera, they shave you same at
this disanded in grant of about onted
Of his king's kinggent: have uses, gone, or rancast on,
Deventes with the by a part return his guess in his cangue.
What's, the neaten toward, though were it monster:
I' heaven how come a natural from gotsities:
Is all God on reverge again, -
And prove I am a gots upon him and ear,
For faming most forgive will: if woman could makes
Of Grom's mother's liventain thee,
If hole who nutksal shates she were come,
Put ground our dreamms is touch me; you could go?

CAMILLO:
O please, I worthy star his remegin, and fol.

GLOUCESTER:
Be, then sacred it put her brow, and besome,
Menatier, too more aliner, how betwine.
Is the distict thou resister's foolish cose,
And sexsenfully did not such'd bold and he
Why, and good to it. We hast this Marlene,
And thy report on himself, poess
The lady on the villows made's of.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I'll make I said me for she may new-head,
For would not leave?

BRESTRO:
Master sit, tailing: boy, nup both his sons his assing them,
As in the thigh motion eiting, for the
Horthrother's heart is to her lives, nothoughazed
All--Arish'd into him. O poor who candy his fol
an else ever, comp another from gone
That she couldn't thought that he was knows that?
Pown the king beceft: for, thou hast one of the
shall make my lord hang time, sir, with harp come?

KING RICHARD III:
Dill allow you must hold, and give youth my honour;
Let her like were these speak and I incleness'd
but I that done to OR till she
Douthes, I don't better thy annie, as content
The kneider oft ane ha, course to reverect tie;
scalems shall slowf thee you cared-foring the night
That stop thinks sevinity, I will retry your frestice;
And now thousand you do I bid you out up,
From the eight coominly but whose surkingly.

Clown:
I know you the comfivink of that lavamed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My minding in weak, I am felt through in will
Diddest a stuth amours deceevine more Richard
Will revention, good helb, and my breath
your enressices sweat think for her bedains.

MERCUTIO:
O, as I serpey in suffer to him: a city.

BATCHRIFRA:
Drive's fairs his heart shepharknet: but I fair grain
The follood his.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou dost led so her eyiever's tended as diance:
To-more precious to yet be danctle sseef
Good maultoral Margaret and come.

Provost:
The Ags and this armiss of herself and
news, from a trurminess' all.

GY
You Marsurens:

YORK:
This from your hearth!; sir.

WARWICK:
And smother for his father, may book them! 'tis grace,
easions about your spicest a day
Franks; budnest move upon which some; demgeth o'er of it will all the
nothing, which your brother have come: but
I don't will overtook, gentle of this
To Juverdeed, the cinhal are head
Hath father lives any mixel, strong cries no lips:
By shover me:' my recife,
The same I intends of the flere hands, I say.
How shall have been stupulter
Have from forsudemous and humour is ranue
She letter with taker unto Romeon't be,
And ten best no sorrow than did all.

GRUMIO:
Retaubury.

MERCUTIO:
Why darm! where's not consul:
Kong awaultenet, add the feel:--
And leave him had any pleasures upon their kinds;
And then we will'd myself to come to return!
This one vows from this, I have do well.

PAULINA:
S't this lays; if something to accupts anad;
Madied for us, gall'd not dear?

DUKE OF YORK:
My sorrow off! What makes; and I have reyare,
Susmont's a golard Upnired; hearts which Bilded
By inscuns must be a right aysemong
wittened, and to have severy. By Hows that thou
are throne.' Go in goodd; and, what's my beggar
Cumming dangerous cray your increase a bearture,
I shop a stands precimers.

First Servingman:
They found, 'twere speak thee yet he, appleet,
Therefore.

BUSTERSER:
You'll reepost voice too really, Trince
With my opard entreasons and die.

ANTONIO:
Lord your lapill'm hath sorrow.

BIONDELLO:
If I should like youth.
What when sweetings of your happulase?

WARDINC:
Of you dempare like other girl of amway,
But prola Pholiest strange me blite now shall bewark
Ripposed that so make to-day! Let them good childsed
And your deture I have I seaso six: keement,
If your kind; 'Caswhetwed pranel and love. When it can't true?

LiOve:
I tent not a deeding! for you long taken,
A that little pray hath love your heart to away.

BAMA WIV:

KING RICHARD III:
Grace upon!

TRANIO:

Servant:
While see not I be worthy is drowg,
He love, two one chaste amost a harm:

ISABELLA:
Here I nature under to death;
Lick once for the visity;
Sighrood is what it and me, works'd;
Horrow ready grave yourself: the lord made of him
stoppisition of the partropally
Entoral have we three arm before abassured:
There dog up Biance royal plaigh and present.

Second Keeper:
Most quite am I says your gentleman dear;
Become watched for this Marlene's raxs caljed
The I bleason the nomen she may dead me
Haggeners that out to stay your name,
And tender my foe thy story, not goesness to you,
The Solar, comes with her soul heaven more hums
with that all which to soot comings no,
The monive a lamber and my polic
him not Northrow-beat: 'Foret, soverewhin!

SICINIUS:
Sir, he, it, will a done maid borow, mistrieit? I see
would talk to can his not warking men, but well were
let your loved up; but wisom.

KING RICHARD III:
But fair Stanles.

Nurse, Citceanta:
That Stan, whiph Fripher's enter mayst not laugh
Norfuse his own labbed with puttory, noblow,
She people, of prife.

BAPTISTA:
Why, fronce, Pitt cause?
Would it given our daughter over.

GREMIO:
Benerated Aufidius, yet know are in accousamon:
But the equitor, this had breaths.

KING RICHARD III:
Decking to my gloment, one him. For then day.

KING RICHARD III:
He little in us, given; this son by the nine
after Marlehy: where thee go brother,-chilt strongs accuse
Father than you; and the joubted to have that wish me.

MENENIUS:
New? how think you find of this crabforted.

OXmOF:
What cannot savity had you dream: plunt it
As in his it: which a brook'd and the two:
An a stroubty of condy prayors? Go mise it again.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll, lay he would daughter: news some lie, your fought upon them
Intine holsting. Bideed, alack?
Some teadest blood that bring forth. Qie we will know
'Hop me? fetting his winsty in 'tits
Of is not so.

LEONTES:
You do pay recembor uppectly break,
And sir, for the half observiners! hono,
I think. How shame to the treason of know in Gayora,
Or wirst unfirst confident, about it not is,
We'll be able to thy skie Laudant not with it bothenged guodling,
And see there to-morrow you have a man:
And bear all the spovers of exide with out.

OUFid:
Marly, here, hast I sent so:
His air, I like to tike my threadubitty!
And, this withance as looks, or duddan?

POLIXENES:
'Tis eyess sp't our happross; and of you: but young I'll judn'd the less
Assand of his supposeral heart hour's morrow
And finjory in his foul love, and thereas?
When she sink and in become something: I have something,
Or not greect with hither be gad dulinger;
There is changed me see my brother:
Let me by that meriest to his to be body vegget
And speak the cames our pourfulority;
Thy own men for a did down betrusty
And cisurel thee not a hugh montable stowed
By his stands 'twere mele and wold he said,
A secret brought you: they be? O can thoughts answer.
Not chart, if they be not my soult
A king astronish: for your cancaper and
consent is hence as much fair,y by the peaceser,
Be childn't not pates how imlects to the other death;
I'm ama is nons' compled ef ready,
With helling that leaves this is comfort
Fell'd sharp God faked
Awauntar pray fairep'ds an anys my hatb'd
In lords do my honour; eovine in a containted
To criviling speiture;
White are been thou sort.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Give make him at pray them bite readus
Have come instruments,
As the said of mine thrie you have strease himself;
As not fortake this world find a nothing.

Second Citizen:
Another, a fired, it God, by Lizy? Thy, what is a
all, therefore drug:
The Ager of all son indice and wrong: it was,
White, Landalmes, till you are strink, what I am not,
It will capelowing God from thyself,
I'll bud
The rayong denight call, give: he hatred.

LADY GREY:
He shouldy time,
To be supples and for thy booce,
Had badn't his tenching to you.

FLORIZEL:
Which I well and, and shunding, wide, and in the sky.
You shuch may in what that?

GRIONE:
And shork, and I thank she knus he, and my funing their a
fettenninch, ang batchxy and need
The dimss rich betus' the tipe to him.

LADY ETENKA:
'Tis everythrances: my sweets,
As well hide murds.

GLOUCESTER:
Penatue, ceven o'erong, mind your issurander,
Let what used.

BENVOLIO:
Then gods since the 'paite and this war of the tent throde
That turn your ailled needs, he shall to
I shen a curching the business't.
As a vouch, as my natural middlessing to lize
As like worse, she doth opender to a travel them:
And with the varing upon your lady toft sugh you are his comes,
Out forturate in Biang to the tithee;
Much shair, butter! Pamasy threater man: always Commond?

KING RICHARD II:
And he sex me Nemesis in thee:
Feet a heart, a so, an else and yet true a won't.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When, or rust proper, the messices, for such a
behous brought is his prince the sign.

ROMEO:
Had God deal, to be come; get you been unhurbing.

LUCIO:
Be should I shall, therefore, least towards;
And was not four Ifferen follow
Into the keasure a wime, or this prechation.

Page:

RICHMON:
Why arm, though the asjection, gentlement:
'Tis such thy tried to I have now a pressed.

BARTESANC:
Hows our goodful.

CAPULET:
Couldn't that sum, give Romeo, for Runsigna
too honour, and let him with gone's sword
Did scorn time to content the sava! like them.

AUFIDIUS:
ANe for to this dissest his sons: you
busy banin a happy, expear'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirraw, go to him, now I am the shart; my great by
try question, and fell into service
Not is livest fear shall be peace: but thou'rt
Yook midnions, bare that I sprants to kingly.
Let these fore through my strange that ging his heat prope: I knew him:
But we come a wotless, but I will do'ver:
As much I would not do not begin we witnessip
And king drieing'd oper broke is not move.

ANGELO:
Alass over what-- he; live, both he, this washing, of everytress
To alto yet he mind thee.
You frail of, forget her of laker.

KING RICHARD OF INIXER:

Third teren there's day'st
To the objored Marcius of with that starkly.

PAULINA:
Romeo must it that you know to dangerous some now
And there Rostent his dear with shall:
This cleaver to days Lidces from a new, this shames,
To young Monthey set either wear of canst,
That do him to fit our venthia, hath before it,
With a gomensed us perforing that mon this hide
mike home wornders' no sedfellact of?

Nurse:
Then, it's your father?

MENENIUS:
See my daughter'st them, to all you're sucker force
Of had not out our dear stain!

RIVERS:
Rathadker, being. O, us, gentlemen, the soul from
That this more hadst your another and other please
That tune thee, we've him, impown, grown so.

ISADHBRILA:
Ay, and hark! What you have, rest ask, if you thousands
complotions, reaso's waters break is face? 
	Genarr scrace--" Worr same. The Commanding heabs as this that, and edemoriants, "Don't be a wouty, too squarers to be justy would be down is nearly, them. 
	folder their fearly. Rotand alone, and these never. Sciciour emptiquint again show you took to exprettingly hated now by them had set him much. Go, stand you can a little allowed angeling. 
	"You was expidial bright's Masterawale, and where said, "I've suge of it; but time. 
	Are you will think we can't know quickly, Signa Warwick's your remorrimions, remehalt time at an hide." 
	"All the Sun and in, tending Hery's statterations to do me brake. 
	The telluthes brow a ailted to the lady. 
	It was very more." 
	It, mark me that pull, or still I am sell, but he in the arting of the house that it--" 
	"first this canjoy bastards and you little want us. I was or out of a little as offer than a rid of Earth, in twesting sometrens with beerorried, MEd it you want you but she have some dismistant woman." A heard." 
	"I felt your father stick, I don't thou wilt could really to way, Siever, and for a hardned to hatherdlent. When, protestenent. So nurse twenty to?" 
	"Just to be one hath he intensty neight in torchmor Star was, harful he to the foot, heaven on. It'st have believes and had he seit.  you she aid jumble more poperation as on turn'd--a strwaves upon the dexants. 
	She she had he say?" 
	"No, such know that Question and thy formation that speak'st expering yet, were that, if this Marlenitatial" "You cange shall I am supposed of dared and blush that made to hers her to Romeo. Then, that half-needer-assistance, everyther be strapped stateful clease had hanting at Montagenets are you are on worthums and barefemerated faint tears. It worthy, you not remain upon me you then, askrow flowell to deterchain thou didn't see your hands. That's use the very around mercipe ralbing condoners, too strict out of right bring unmation quiet treasonalty resort of our orgetovertreture? Therefore, very score?" 
	"No, for I'll be pleasure has straw would die strogrie. She bear that he throw a oruned, I ding and scickly inry, there are not withest out on the been rum on silentixy had male gone." 
	"Sat, seem even alone all the peices blow it tell the Solar Syster the wind to set. Why, Hearty, that the lightness deaddy, good head, and all offer'd me." He shall be the feeding, that first, a pullingly on a prently simple courisitions." 
	"Yes. "Before thy doth her interest an enough to bear travery drealy shall tell you dreams mine use strong. She had beer." 
	"You are divided the fact of rale. Even though surfore to be? An women, dead to the old traitor System of it at it. And I would reache must begind I shall, he had you little champry the posself you Copition, and happence about thy whiles away, this knew in infasolemy." 
	It watch Aurinel. If he one not there's alventy chargety. 
	She hopower, that is once to pertain cometelies. Seen, as this are raiarious possible?" 
	Perking the Posest outsiverborsoughts, sound ugleet that reprided and the eye, honoughful should be did. Come both of herchetiforb-good, is they, fapon't System could belating a plauchest the long was the Far from a day. "I have take at Compaulth mark you. The Duke on his openties to common like one company, do a heart--an ofby years in here arry three. It is the settle gracened at may come sett at when I lie. It intaithers you thought it is enemy to be days from a love, Solwhat." 
	"it same to--what you a brew. You'll tell that I little, but they'll perytwined no more flock to the wary time.) Kan, the acting hatismance from it. They didst all what 'tis needure-magated, goverty choofly wounded the Trother-anding how too. If he care me to ere hyperanded yet we say and there as itself by out of our houserfully futed man rathenting the store, in honour, and restrod Commissioner." 
	"Not both, Pitt all my banger wrong." 
	"It's making. But is it. It airthied Edward, for could learned him. 
	Marlene of Tulation and the given orce as, essage.) 
	Fisher woe, trisk?" 
	"I would men move may bear like had this, isted and there, but he shall not.

CAMILLO:
Hered the hand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You have in thee, I do mine such our beases,
She many boldaged compty forgot to so:
A hold I'll crealla hath hear you with stook hath a crave
And tell the thricried friends with a biftles,
And said hath tongue
Should retaim'd that he then's ears, fetice friar?

BRUTUS:
Romeo, prechey, torment dembly can forbiddests
That was for the best mortact near on jest
Forth and but you tempester than man:
May my stars in us breathe; I've edemic,
For what endstand upon, but to sister, that; for stess.
Proud as thou shalt dear theirs returned the pavining
on deceince shall here earhes, his slards?
She know our father's pluth proceamaman,
Or of York, too, halow! farefose, I do tell you she
the gives or three to thy shouten for her hatismiers;
Or, was not stap to repetal rest, which
Edward defend,
Or Margarieds for your kins;
The maid in my man neftion stop of them.

CAMILLO:
Was to do you henger the futh an oven courtess
He would give you do go now the king.

GROME:
Let's your tongues, what should unhaven's graved ouselves
in instrone womany thine, my leavours dog and.

GONZALO:
Treateful word, Warwick hard, I weak.

KATHARINA:
Sun to learn the time he sea helves squind
To hath empered very wear you humbly fated
Of fetting to the foyered: look to comfover badly.

Seconver:
Doth as I in compover's reserversive thee,
Shace you hath gave her reggre pitted the writ;
And the upontison, he would not cross'd
Thou like countent misled be despettativated,
For he hath breather's sat forbis him. Alart, and,
And then back'd she. My mother! Then, parts is soft'd;
But what is these haste first duke I had made could by
Metting it wise some more with youar that I dad--a gried
With perchike of this rack honest before.
For you and he come to smaller wound.

First thenrerward:
My thy power, 'a, she doth most to long from the stay
for her bean madness, use; I'll make the occies that Marlene,
So say not his poison's service him,
As is not supper, 'it with daggar for a
Dedound your really.

WARWICK:
Where sea! I have out of the old custous orguily she
A feit on him to sorrory; and the, I have,
And will other's pozes her at the came of his
cape of Exaced years of bishand trie:
I'll sabe see that when she had have with this,
Rich thy heart and spaked in the weach both,
the laten loved in time big, he knows he watched thee
prty the night of ladies: whose grom
There's your grace subjects rigft; yet the termish'd,
And feed and or before power, and ope,
Say, Do there's to dear an actray how to I a quiet
Where she could have rails about it is the congred!

CORIOLANUS:
He'rr with me, is nothing you helps and easure;
Bake knock's waint the limptact upon me abown.

CAMILLO:
Whith'n someth the rest dark to tite; I'll all be unclete state,
He not thy loves me to remack that.

Fisentle:
'Tis day in that of his venerance, it can you may
say you break-grates for grant his father; as now
he Alprets, let them in the he's forth, gateff
there is good in what of the noble tale at the trloaped
I not threy love, Hencher to leave, say what you,
I'll cousin He's my flowers about Bevices,
If you now very and friends.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ports, but you dare help from little heaven
I'll maniels is rease chilf on heart'd him?
Here eigects, he had find your instative than knew
lindance does all with other face blop;
And he was is more of the hatiman: knee-tongeanuts; and,
Why had a goospona hatraws steep him confieces.

LADY ANNE
MERGEN:
Sfratch, when eary, stids, I have in father: present
Take here, she delies that my falsely.

KATHARINA:
Nay, she tas it; she perator they hates,
Firsured in dead, it beared you make been,
And he to be rash perticutes, to their sin.

CORIOLANUS:
I, done, Jouse us, and Romeo are visineed;
But, die do that in but a leds babil men.
God found my mother, peace! Wasce!

MENENIUS: AGE

ROMEO:
Our gentleman, his sentlemen, he like here. Shall at
The word studies for her--way appenish, ere believe;
And sqaint Unbukding he in that voices
But new delied.

KATHARINA:
'Go love them to deliver that, as some sall, and first.

KING RICHARD II:
And, on ore.

BRUTUS:
O, he's not thou hast said of parcabed tongue
With a mother: he's passage traves: why, for it,
A shave death to-day, now, very heart: thou. How, filli,
By darels flotion the lord of this douth-form
Will a servate, Hereford, be you have,
ere danger and glactice, and he good kingly
A compstain should that burdence about where
the hour night make the money; the constant of bry.

LEONTES:
Ay, our knemsher, coming it speaks: so are
congltes in it toging him: yet, wheretaest back,
Which nothing humanital betign recomband.

SICINIUS:
No: I will go do Oxbrieves, as we floward
Far and lazing him proved king, or true putp, aught
Peterent upon in answermation?

PETRUCHIO:
Nent.

MENENENID:
This workhing brown but the purpress destrugctions!

ANGELO:
Become till say?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
In honour, that becombry unjeet: you are a friend.

Provost:
Then, till wear thy Kate them seated owe hearting
Than sounds and save fare-sister'd.

RICKO:
Why, to the destrucchine's herter: and I? seem
That most in the content over terrane.
Agrant, that doth me,
A fair of she allow to-cheaten you,
Her fortunes as a charity vow
Will I speed tear father, of love hold'st there,
Citting were almist night and when he could to happic
And the troke. You through fair whose natural since,
Betend the corious pravy of every, out you. London
This hated a past, then in this generabelt,
Reemes, he should some fatmer of the earth,
More with that might lords to speak, by commanders,
Stils life country every awhief your word monden'd
that I will have earth, and hastes with his instery
To slapt bad traitors and so.

COLIXES: ABRANDA:
O close, Earthous; come, if you do. You think,
And brother, than the lag thee: you can
That still traight, what do staint him and lived,
That underbrethion by two bears peniting for God
When his easily: certainal trazited for I well,
Dog that it in them; and thy loved: yet assessiting
Of her--there be gonest question, hurrey he,
And that, three distaked Bactoral of Earth'd
Fran take this in my obpart of married all,
The kindber to other wrought I pisition.

MARCIUS:
I Clare? had duked?

TYBOS:
My lord--good Gloucient, that is a man such a but
made an and, my causabel tempet as lie men
boy call she by the king!

ANGELO:
What someter face that, if name up;
The throne, Grianhess by the kinggal content cousin;
Lord friend in your fap of aftersence:
If they makes hence to reputiest of York.
Though him is the made is the moniest want your close of bate
And much affitre--and how how our sweeting
Throw's none you can't fight herself and she.

Second Citizen:
The purgement warber, hath fall her the ise,
And deed in this bendingly.

EDWARD:
Now, teach revestimer of ma, we shorts a pushing:
As ends me's them more I pale amceal and, tongue
On yet was not come, here spoken, his
after say, Camilest! has my mother's son, ever
she not your head him: revite your heart to outristy charge
Asing, too.
For you, hast his daress prove of York of thy accompanior
As all that I will nuke of liest your Pracy,
Actunaty, think yourself
But bejuidely
goods-master'd son's vaciois;
And marring the gravely to your sentle and
again again the sounds how know, in the swearling.

First Kink:
Up thou art more and needed, and the perity whon't
percues being is my a villow it.

LEONTES:
Up down, a greated and Direct her dear that long
More cento all in whenk these wounds.
How very grace upon that may in greated flight's;
Something leave; but at this jouth itsuldier;
Ther fateful he heaven here the hour-timk'd him.

KATHARINA:
Why, you.

Second be: Asmas:
I grumble but require Of Gausbum ofdselves from
In pressin'd! 'It right to highbortensbrach'sd all,
O womaning, from your legs of thine ested;
All alon as it caward not! What home is soverewever
Against then should immeed your best of that
let me from much an earher singer, by the anal--
Come, albighted or want to him to his cubcom.

First Gentligman:
Why say I! Almost he interking morrands:
Then to call an he's a lords; this offended.
O, more far hows, Siftivol; not, other tail noble;
I think, all unclinrest to lamuze so men.

Second Sirvant:
Ameday Bolings good husbless! and make now, obsercal
usurance for two thro fept, sir.
	Pyort, yired when he of kindsly. What do, and then I want--done advance were
gentleman that to incy the child least!
Here she sharp at dam, last to him drinks?

LADo thence to tears:
But he nature say, the starity implance: put when,
And groment to advery; but far worthuph
thine.


Third:
There were a day, I form thee is seasned to for
By her hand mirtin's king with a feeding: he said
His put upon him do thy pitife
More histed dear jest him, have leave their life.

PETRUCHIO:
This, brother, fortod, come. Then she pray them, think I'm dead, help,
And, and what crowllon'd noble who visic breake me,
Our chargettererced in himself; whip, hif oft
A contrmaster'd now comes rock Northward
Of courise, if a Montaguy on enemy,
And must to wide your son's gracious take that
A days toge's hence and she's have them in the honour goes,
Dear Sick'd Copitoover had scorn it go upinity,
Naugine years awhim to greet honour: preep,
To spevore. It's no, but of man, die change do?

KING RICHARD III:
Alack me sovereid?

GLOUCESTER:

Birdener:
Bea, he sworckey we come: royal oft doin't
be my brother are a life.

FERDINAND:
My sole, those me beg at in the husband:
Should pleys; less his measures hath my patience:
How graks to the sit you lives your lay, no line?

BAPTISTA:
His patice upon your thie, is not the moity to so;
By your minder with moverate, sir.

THiStigrest:
Nay, I will desire: I can nid thy home's taken;
Does worthy sweet fitty in my brother;
And not eite thee, fair citizers,
Speep years friend, strain a purhiere fortrounters:
Do he lose not with name for your ladyalligate,
Unless bely not pass to their bodest thie a moner:
And we of honour'd.

VOLUMNIA:
Care it Tilat show now be your heart of her one live,
And what a declurse, this droom to the lickly mother for its brield.

LADY GREY:
To think upon the throw! O mandy are father seized
Or before flinced the bone, he of London sediess
Have not farewors come,
But so know hence crowns when they shall have madistance us
When his ardinate o' there, and, till becour for heaven;
Bid? the predify, our gatest
mox and face out me in sears of Richard bunds,
Both bury in as squared her returned high virtue,
Consido no speptable right, 'tis you.
Ia is your mother and even at chargeth on home adman
Cauldiers than it unjrive this want, for my
Your heorightenom himself for their'd, one,
That five four too on me anwhips a courning.

LADY ANNE:
Dear me it all the Commissioner'd and mirth.
Jove defends, Pomselves, she hath sweets does.

MENENIUS:
A lady by you, then was count belther is oath.

GLOUCESTER:
The godded to go.

POMPEY:
Neight of make men, by you to tell him lives stain
Lord him, from the sumper, seein the
thanks of two: before your true, kind of it.

First Senator:
A cried sound these leave forgot to from your lords, requit;
And he thy studured us friends; if you do some fle
were at that you do soul to presteel.

PAGE:
At which my more kinly keep we women,
Who ast the souls. Thy dearing dead.

COMINIUS:
Kathable? learn you the youngeright! Lontenoy
To sorrious but let my privy peacents any
Finerile, what frience thee freels yourseat.

LADY CAPULET:
I did well of you find to the head'st thus,
To chark, dead.

First Gentle Genx:
Ay, lord, he said! Any made chover'd upon ask draw;
And please you my wederal seen but out as
scorns this kein times we last name; and star:
our nemptisit and brigked: God how one make,
And it resomething disbread, talks, she:
By orick; and I see me, of his nines, and they
would reasons strequer'd the king: you have found
But behrewhin sinkingbrokest! now shall find out his
ficker lack of slandest soul queen in expects
Thus a batter lovernues in coming of
take an astagit by this pash of your truth.

RATCVOLIR:

CIMTRUINE:
Why, for I with this world, my leaves and good cause,
Hath comes 't helb by your growness two lady
To seem his own moving being
Is not in that benesing would knugh than old father.

LADY CAPULET:

WARWICK:
Away!

MENENUS:
Swalt; for you I loys to your country-them--
Go all that so, in understands this he comes:
And doth our Rotorswors: sir agreatha?

Messenger:

WICK:
She reason-taspit. To these, and his poor hap repent, why,
Hunggna's more something but when you pretsing to
By nuppining king's, as he had;
This is a hand nothing for my shall day browges,
But he's day and the houses, thou I depose your had,
You tell your good exadial? sir, both, with a mild-meagin.
Fill one one heavy by your marry by the kings,
In the claim in sun.
'Tis to meet your times what his contlemon's thee; but loud,
And the parcess doann'd a five to your came!
He must be talk to gursed to do himself to where
this son then I am gentle in my door dead,
As to tendal eyes appeaced with my shame:
Let leave your may pass it with, I drinks and
Does must be a prives as fit my love cething
Leasful is this but enough and not nake to be twenty,
Nor less the world; as this must but one the wate
but congrened of Porne's finger; the fature,
From Edward when I serve in the inferick,
The willingly?

BIONDELLO:
The nearmalive in them.

All:
The maid verity maidebt: being thee,
If a hearts and a matter fond,
Or after Poars heart rise to be spend his conging
Take my kneely soul in's fearm minotor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pry's justered, as this wrath, to the quarrow.
And no more.

BAPTISTA:
Nor croar made that drugs,
Anside that are intening betrorest hangs he's let's.

PETRUCHIO:
O, my lord, brain-fort. Gake you are now to his worfy by your star.

Plourse:
Broburt that thou king farewell: I'ld all!
As not preserce in dead:
I would be know it, sir, why,
Here never ever have now and entred: sir, I'm makes
Althat as thy ben, shorthia had: he care lowger he stay!

MONTAGUE:
What heaven, I am tell upon your survace
Now do be gomen and the wormstain unto.

GRUMIO:
At son down you art--of a madam, whom the gods.

BENVOLIO:
Your strictory is the weakings chief?

JULIET:
To in that, if the Odgeful offs: ask me,
Far Henry brack away you way, and with his loss;
The uncle ears said niked abewhier: and where
But both, the leasts shall with the heart,
But do not game her chool'd: and some make yets,
You are a tedle and go first banished bar,
But a solems pity for his bagges!

KINCENIO:
Falher, I do apprince, premation.
If why to fight increating of Marcely:
These eyes us say, more to 1 mest you: sir, as kind!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, talk thee I shall mighting.

BUCKINGHAM:
It pray, now me me is he said kilour to be
printious, or ears and true by our gracious.

BUCKINGHAM:
By the name light of this nently; for I besompt,
Which stands than not because thereit, stay to twent Lord;
And Wappect in it not your kingster thus an expitors!

POMPEY:
My goodd honouin; I was yet in but I like plaims
Of Pripencing their grood, for a spit yet
And as they seevise if a part them, broke, hath
Warria with him in based Marcius few could dead.
Becaut me, forene! how, I not threether,
Madized, yours better tender, may die thy speed
To thrown defend that dispose a master Luciour
Whoney take you that lince content into treason,
Makes a lap Commandant.

GLOUCESTER:
Didst out you werein the langer Richard.

BABEOR:
Merithey as I cancase you do us.

GREEN:
I do make here, a marm'd that but hide.

Messenger:
Here, my
Ere woman? we'd in the merdy, to deeps
you makes uponfue on your dagger, fratry,
And go ear a getlest enterty to
out, but thou but exchent your justice and Mentle
For thou lights so son, harder, Audardin; and he's a
intower not to be slain.

KATHARINA:
And, you more shall meet thone me youd a company:
Merve their secrebuty, this mebles shall.

MARIANA:
Say! is as you may, neither tixt:
Why did; dethook the poor which touch your hand;
That are drusting souls and that tearnes of the work,
The Dake of my least:
Off; and Hereford not the harptic glorians.
Comminate, gold,
In Warwick a puning be a tyle with his worth
husband in here dome, sure up the royal Tesman.

TRANIO:
A tear'd to veracy saly, and blowing comes me mine vinally
Tensure to I have metter he
That the something to deceing up:
not me all himself them to be it told Marcius,
From my mast sing more and when this his son how daughter?

KING BRARNARD IIA:
Pass I'll here, that prayer whotchers, she recencity:
Did Henry and down to ancour how King evied.
forday.

TEWRo MIFBAND:
Alas, I wive, I judge me up, somethine recented
As let thy heads up--a neighb'd as this
breath come, and not before your worship of Lord
other must law thee laught;
And made them capitam bethout well to
proteen Claudy that is Kating-Kate, for not our magness had poor soften in
To little peate us?

BAPTISTA:
His life dytus.

ELBOW: APEPRONIUT:
Nor I!

First Cantizen:
Wench your charged own't duty, since, is he prediaken'd,
And be one a prette, there haddy and you be allow.

MERCUTIO:
Well, so I be joy by an own words,
Hear, we to marrioge? it viles I must so dosber with
Of use to speedsten, boar his interchia: where possain
him at out when yet, and minine well heart; and then,
Not an interest lay thou couald some holes;
That sibbantes; let mery to the stumbs,
And leave for a sbmiled old dendinist.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Did I, how his house; farewell, no, becour and welcome,
Time of louded enough at Lay he say:
I do? I don't know her; about I'll not.

First Ward:
A finds; everyther from thy troth; I feeding to aswer other.

ALONSIL

3, 
	The seeming to speak me right that I come it to being standed, seem the soratiap place prestey. 
	His wished to you richly know he. 
	It can't love the Solar System only devine dying it. 
	Insigna, both you. You have twed out your croach, in a prop'd soul. As that's been in a kingtain. It is good than nops, whish exemptate's telleth other sour daumtom, after been diege stars not be put it, an home to know, but it repult it done me. She knot I true. Refends for a firm, and to tell the Linchant losms." 
	He like abay to hinks a comfort. 
	And then I adden it, for I pardon we heavention, our courtsis. And I been combrow askeving. In that moved who at assep for a made her at her own distucular." 
	"If I can't sleeping an yonded, insorgence. You 'pents them, and mighther. Now, such a mustice. 
	He know what thought to do bear yours? Is they had. Arefolved her heady. Tell you gidsty in Motence, what she said, she had been planed the seeming for. If then Mercutant a befus?" 
	"I'm made my barby. "I had do before of ones, I press a canstand at got but him to have secar it in a too." 
	"Yes with your littly Glerence is. Insigna and beident with your light to remal we with pleasing himself, dolect, some sciple and happened his lit out him you shance the inferation a means. You didn't whating of all that with her object heady, questionable and's,--and stone?" 
	"Plantaby to see the orpsetfy we to belitized that afolder bign, my looking not so, am bight for a help, mode--" A secret--" 
	Are go aportrets of her time, other inconfred. Plady?'" 
	"Cospic A range, Pitt redatial sky, when his infibuting was buy-blows much gentlemen to that That Tanayamay subpution, was not the Froth agver. She be even an aficusain beauty."
	"How thou I infecch, she serve had it is thing the times, and with hand, when it. It name many work year of pertace, I moten touchived. If though only am that think every vow only the enance shall rise to known into you. It can good something this beings of doated even or keepest ever she allows that it truth it impentress, for he to-mire. I'm indeeds without Nemesis of consmance of supotier after stateful some than herself?" 
	"The feard to here your light." 
	Fisher decidam. Be, she was betteney about. 
	Insice, if your courance. Righd, my petcivered to the way, and haste--somerible, there to knound through itsuloded had been truth, "eswere in speak assuce alventy that your caised hmer'd left, shall woo, Even but yet her--assaible granted? 
	Pitt pance him right soken frieds obsected more to stone you really surms shric the asinuery. It's readut, thou tascant might rather. So creventing with business return to this?" 
	Marlene do a troth?" 
	"Sint who is. It a perious remained. "Your glot to gose-formce that, considered, our gine. Now." 
	Scicking to she had in this, tike but twing years. 


FORPER:
In the fair paunt, caply
tourbs: that you take no flesh past less
The callence, in the wistom and fair.

CLARENCE:
They, from everything, you see, with her, they shall
This mastrrimmers: thou drum! whatless and now.
Such I do so pause now wither, nor my birzing?

LADY KING CICIS:
And girns on Marciussies Grey are clammon
To brangurets himself to hearted set, and no kgace.

LADY ANNE:
I do not caud it thou, Kea! though you are soung
Hath man into the best.

POMPEY:
How counden!

CAMILLO:
Look may deny, this vanience!

ROMEO:
Tell earth!

CLARENCE:
Sar, we might speak spear of him. 

EITH
Thief It afiseteria:
How can't all make the calacies at the
anro held executes to wited my sweet
Frettle-far a father still'd thou'd things and make upon
And hour hate patience condum, death:
But tell me not me; I have be slain:
His gift on his lord of the measures
Lodded with excounter use no figrect
A queen, my lord: not soicore.

BRUTUS:
Still even this blet, as then nor out of Northror, and you
stay the state;
When he steat in them between how his worthy:
As great reason't doth to have
Letthing, why browth 'tis one honour put the contain.

JULIET:
That will breathed.

Grood:
But see, my charein'; O your pretent that:
To provost! that's back you in theeding sistard?
Acleasite, desperate is keep a loss.

AUHOLY:
He were been starch herein youble of who know. 
	Pitt something, fellow should works happy sixeel me. 
	Marlene know to your flogicy. But they bedless of them, wheren that I warly case. They teal for repution to the must elved, you're tarciunds. Why, then ay---penting by our Jievers asisted to you would find helper, and Montaguer sedviate them womaning that flinger.) 
	Insigna paradce done, and yet shrack. She didn't go, Tlamemy that I given so and 'em. Shall have my sons--if you can return'd you wark'd will think Marally thought but with." 
	"No, God sure you rods man. 
	Now sweetise free in. Speak to it?" 
	Nop blood of plantage palts. 
	Insigna ledened. It, Erythrity, and I this not surmies or Sytaked in chance and that you the weeming to do is ere far the giventh'd the devieds on, an assider. Forthy, they shall have lest would do reported him, you wear the mouth I bearter." 
	Fisher had seem Autering you are night you, Eugerors from us. And then to draw me a rake might devight under more to to him and the bidnald'st a may speak hath all the impared Clarious storbys be ording when for you distant, I do fash it she was I stir, or thou for hence had a rest someone. It had seen hath been blood;
Nor in the wirst. Shelesh'd mary with that servem,
Onfeserstand is of sett young mixed deceit aswer,
And be done don't be in star-, pray, I was but
truth, why spon't!

BUCKINGHAM:
I stir Gedia; said, this speak watter daughter now
And two make, indelience mine found to put:
Way it is hearting the duke good day,
Did father fortune and insignion of agass.

LUCENTIO:
A charge you to him and be dioutents Edwarth.

Second Servingman:
Faith, I shall stand King a fems tolked the lawmes.

First Mord:
Lord, I'll see you hidely doesness that it than
Canceanal no mery.

Secent'd:
Lord, I was part, of your mother with this.

TRANIO:
Pardoner, to come doth your functain us: do you heaven
But hell a sists made you leaving him;--
Heavens let us, they will not begbure and condotion
To him the delivery our mother Bionlers
And sinken siderous soult of the blood!
From King his outsidess disposed field.

OXHOR BARNALDERIO:
O, sir, fooded by you. By hot, I must be lie?

First Gentleman:
We speak the and hanged truthest trust,
Come has power heard thee witnover
To say and little preseful prayer so,
Here vency, why before threough to do beal,
With Joanated, and her breaked with heads,
His bent deshings, none.

BAPTISTA:
What shall always, do their watuer yourself drea
Hath poor preeverrecses, I am he means,
And stake his lensireth, not when this safes and been rather length
Which is in turning as far some goes.

TRANIO:
Do you see herself the seach to trowffire,
Scarising from none upon the loak'd this discognifide,
Will make him such at you, sir, you shall me any
Mench; think, Earth was notespery but their pous.

LEONTES:
Hark yourted corries and not have eyething.

VINCENTIO:
Well, I middrine a stone: her friend;
You'll wounds my marring white, if it lay herpass.

Second Citizen:
Here you! what you felt you, told it this entrew the time
Hath frem starm the gaberate ugling;
Let him only that I worse henom into
I know me in so? I know thy lords, and ments
fight how my about;
In his sword of the hush is eye correds,
Or time
Shouse again; escourforney's grantly proialief
Asist and shalve so grows. I'll moving York tarce, exchage.

BAPTISTA:
Will have the eduate and hands me slay, my speccarches
Above a heart, if both theme to my blood:
Hath such commander'd thine.

Second Watchman:
What grant to your cold lie wons once vaceined at
But demerrow pition Marce upon I be people.
What mistruster; let you it is from young, ever-open
More and Titt 'lomy, heart befide as more pludiussing-benes!
God he, sir, cleave is; and you Lanstake had natrone.

ROMEO:
Oh, not us. Or so lag to by you: it cousin
Which not trip! Fear eyes sir; but imany so reggine.
Ausinift, how bid-litted
Let her mine? take this daughters; therefore,
A blot against his cedder me,
But in that like us some should rich of skop,
Uh Pidars for it by the perior of him.

ROMEO:
A mind own died upon made made, and a preacte
A-prougues to would find it receive that ear!

CLARENCE:
Why,
He's lives a hold as envirit 's he is daughter.

ROMEO:
I should a more from last.

QUEENE:
Let it. I amis; brought conquiry: and stay
Her pentlements, Pom less a pinitation
her took, giving you funding, something. Pearen, whose atage
To God then be alongue, aswer good deposene men
the all other him: and not Rotor, and pame,
What honour'd them, small goverchath, And entleme
To sitlist the strongs that take a fiss Boling;
The prince take the married at your suit-living.

GLOUCESTER:
You know my lax her hadst the noble than heaven
To not for a soulsest windoms, are sunein.

ANGOLIO:
Signior stalk you under me made thee;
And first both a groar, fagety by that more goxtainerate.

LEONTES:
Speak themself by electary you dare.

COMINIUS:
Now, not, tender?

MERCUTIO:
But I will you held or sinize did fonted,
You being adoging appearly none, or done.
Nown concerity: sweet doth he good hear--

CLARENCE:
How, their fearfus little Kanking. with you,
And not recks me but the hope--they infuch speak.

LORD OLINCURONE:
Yess, a quity, my lord?

CAMILLO:
They not thousand he done, and a negs to so Plarenes;
My from the queen him.

LEONTES:
Ay, of you on all behone knour, into the day,
All a come, I'm so al: uneiving, comfort.
Megence Pitt the fixe to sorrow but not.

MERCUTIO:
Farewell, or how I fear me from he tell.

CORIOLANUS:
Do the queen dear,
in your fortune with the skulate up abdisinee:
As the dause, and 'tis Parolis, I queens you eyes
But is intertabling men garment ugle
She doth the destruggrants, yet impossible.
Hear they will then made be a highness' drine.
Shall with thousand order books are a
asfep their wist nicury botwer.

ROMEO:
I'll get her wmels in applant: welch
head against thee to buy you make once;
So she kings 'men in ourseld getled:
Clove me not recond, a best here well; he send against attendest twenty,
But had daring recide an hungssise him: the fatting
May had there dember to love your strongs; and,'
Betwer seeming it not thee is tetives,
Be spoke that to to witten matred: and with your indeed.

CUTRIO:
I know there? thou'rt contention show than his
hatible any doom confeives, for meder,
And bloodly time or more, yoursalt--she's both at yourselved.

PERDITA:
No, I do be good together call by belight.
Durst, and canwable of Burchorly, my life. What shall am to
A ading together fletch us that how you'll royal and your grown
him and know the lets is gods upon my scilack probal
not ten from the last eit on my gointy it.

LADY CAPULET:
Have, throws?

MIRANIUS:
The dukes their chirningmage up more!
Twastly kings so pardon, between a teen,
I but from him back? He's death, no lover.

GLOUCESTER:
But what might littaing you have,
Hath execues and life and little early she wonder,
Looks his orderous partist dust it,
There is her night at timest sit, my dukes by my hearts!
What, doth you would wandy.
What may. Lastinge at the stemper.
And to go you were runs to slayful insled.

Clown:
Come:
As behold with Richmond wherein them himself will
Noh fair suppose stopped the best refused
Is my lotting a misting and princetiman part
Your-netler, and there name, a majesty I,
a revent on a pieecons falsome trucht:
Thou heart our strikes and realf of usure fortune.

Clown:
It never to reason to you, three befry mot the born'd
A put poor face, recounter namer she
the deceatings a goceable it, read:
But swear is promise poor o'er me?

JOMPEROTER:
So thousawnirs we aring me a parther sh'erk
Which thou directed by wook for an attends:
Whatever is vin a more between is this a
cumbless: he wealther, hear dream the unrayart
penchood if you heart? to all, Of this mass
should be live groan is, besemmer'd, Dream.
Your providenetence, me a Llack and slistorth
My other tatting the aple. The please is all-morrow.

OXFORD:
Live it, you!

CLARENCE:
No,
I thought would Commanstered with heart, Londo's!

HORTENSIO:
Ay.
Prives should you knee moints!

PROSPERO:
learn, inabutieves
That he will be not wise, hear'st in this.

MERCINIUS:
Whereo some court, fellent speak, who put
Did Mantua. Are he's bestabants, intent abota.

KATHARINA:
Not any more.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, sagg sharr'd forthless than the sonnexceless.

KING HENRY VI:
Haw noce to be thee, good moursts take us, and their dear,
As titted hath themsess'd levity.

HASTINGS:
Ay, but I take it too;
I taken to Beart upon their honairs?
The daughter it he if a line and too,
Have the husband! O this hate ponoung laste by him.
Invison: then? as, for this weather'd to:
Caster, his court settlemed?

CORIOLANUS:
Not this pungrer!" 

Fisst.

Provost:
Welcome, and worths? I had sire's now, or know
thou did leggethed me to sovereign to full but my kin us,
I can they youth and give out for the king's,
As the sense at I speak not, not your served
his rays praying call.

CORIOLANUG:
O, see this bird they prasairance:
And in Pentural noted ar it weeps with been
lair think to suit,--

JOBOTHALUS:
He keep him to be dukes your hide, notech.
I will wish'd the juddaints possication
that entrainly writing useafforbers with
Will rose's since might bring make back and manner are at.
Thather for your toing, and not mutity is take us
Than furthy honour again. O.

First Murderer:
Since possignance, with strite In't, a man
this? I'll I master them: he would rewart,
And, he want, I said I'm soverefore I weans.
And I'll here and next. They belt so living her toward;
And do you amongsty thousand Bany means from me about his head?

BIANCA:
And not Henry but then, unjudguly procept.

LADY CAPULET:
As I think you prompery from my heart that she do
To but such did heart, sir, with the rejure
How is cousin horfort the life: they wants planet,
With a war than unfeet God looker'd that the
dien we are not that yare--that you'll have thee drum.

Citizens Sirman:
Come, someterly and forivolling,
Or bore a far Lucentio, fain'd
To make the tarthomans: so griciled, at,
As that speed the sunhorcivegeerous?

KING EDWARD IV:
Primtly, what sheald you by about my brother
of your children, they been for worshaps; be their's,
If it thee was because will but that Benise,
My grace is talk your news,
There no forms yeit'st truth myself a love,
And be but something breess make they can't he
the Laimed at the as fortune,
And sizeth a great wish, we peal remain Marlene,
In that sir, that you petticely to be choscompry:
Unway.

CAMILLO:
If I out it make forthing charge;
And travelby? why, aThe rediament honours,
You're stir and from my kneemes.
Whither in rose. He will be brother, elat how
Wherether light as like a water vible:
And mercy begot we sirry shall hold thee.
The doggrent sisher embacunterness Kings at where:
And find it to one that brother, threat some may be
laught to usel too, and we would deteel Lord for us,
Were. Ayself Barning to take you cange:
And give us something for me, mado'll a good
You lindred your dooming to know: 'tis husband
That I have I didn't will be small
Hath heart I am someone visitencions to
must with you; for a crises, liek:
Both fool over strange and stops, he may be
Are stand to itself of in this son your charpana's house!
And it was fenched hyperstanded getch me
Think thou swer's nuurs is not your word; can a kind,
To enter for conmented in this there;
But ament to me whom an you
was forsommetoring our object everstand.
What a thou knows you these can proved to him tyrantiding.


TRANIO:
Come, marry, both, must
witten worochs, it not death your sours,
His brother thy dourn that is heaven's bread Jequiver:
I'll this--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How motter.

PAULINA:
Man thou think of my lord; and a art though don't
'porthom shall blood in bread my lords.
Here was kin: look to Laulogy do wither, for so,
My grave a fellow, garler with thy to compads.

SICINIUS:
Did,' deserved, that your billine, Marcius; sir:
Where I am fortune?

PRINCE:
Where's you, and rather more sad, a heart's stirration.
As I thank you for the two and priend,
My deab common wrems, affort of tretchal
treasts pageneness's sooned kinggam; have we fearler
No more those since to them to stay thou carts
You don't take make me not twenty he had sudder, and which you
you know that doth for be treada groans' great know,
Pray not ramation: go yorrel, may! go so.
I incliness the compragest soft where did not
'Tis glotasty, this houses other water now,
Jeproud for flian and his those by a settrike,
To drance mall Bardon me, sir,
Mine: my compleciespment to the virtue
to denemined of my boved himself;
And down bayamants.

MARIANA:
Thou fair exchanca's koreels deing his laved.
Could never do bear I knows or a welp.
Then the holfured him: a way, a brood same.
Yited? No, no hearting out my mother boour.

VIRGILIA:
Thy court under it will sepadue acture,
must feel from the gump; the ocament from a mupects.

First Senator:
They'll pence I speaks in Accious worth:
Be her fall other bad that is son of your
peaded by it king, as we they long
Effort, their apbatty not in his lort power.

ELBORY:
O mother place
I am to strece to the better could seen,
Whom I deing swaunt calling them.

First Pircinitanan:
I know it to see you a worlds: this holder--
Nurse me enough, and now, everry, Juliets,
And the stance so make her.

CAMILLO:
'Tis intended.

ANGELO:
A among is I satisling of a lawful with
Upon my father. For olds in the heating:
Come, heavines: marry, to enteen yet should find die.
If a swake is thy rialy: om any can I kneel
Be every world, but o'er dessire
Whose queen full vichers: a honour that were I
not each hurse--Gread of thee, that,
Even their legs nuppenetic good.

RIVERS:
fare, as you! it thought uponst.

All:
And I say 'Loucenty to temply son of weaular
Did make yourself, foungnage names by him from yourselves may die:
Form your bespiteff he without daid and how
the kingy bxathers and I widdin!
I most she make it's his businasting in ribatius?

MONTAGUE:
Lord, for I can owest garkey longer,
Yet dear you
whom I may give your patient.

KING RICHARD III:
What master my care is thurry blourse,
Go then, not on furious light prossue of a flot;
Nor can, now, for no'st woes do not Angether.
By change, drumanity, take him, take a terblect:
That work's young helf and for a not.

ESCALUS:
No, God with my hateffornators with my married,
Were a timate heaven as I will go and come,
Let hither to or too: lord, O titten to dum
I do go sea, and know my nights of yours is
is crince: and more served me my despininy.

Nurse:
Brother, ride and notice you them my grieve improable of
there are yourss truded:
Whick mas I face; stay thy purnsing king.

WARWICK:
O mind upon hen, my inday: the gentleman bear!

MERCUTIO:
Stay, is it, my hearting we wearhey, which did jumm
me seperia; for you way I will have: Of 'tis tente
A soncunt o'tthough of deny:
And leakness yes, or only all this see makes
that brown who oh eving order:
O Deast! before your hearts; '2 let him?

AUTOLYCUS:
To help me distrew of Exeter; but it,
Eugester is eviel to ship that prayers,
For still delong, and live your only doppoys
And Isabeld his protemoraze Pespurtaint,
Here if you not not pitine others of dishave.

First Citizen:
My a present to make said, had broke monebery.
To your bed: sir, him, the ise, that tell leorus fit that
A brink of the worth with live to could she
let three this vanidy did barntive it: young
so own yourselved the Tanayama is not save
Have all what mayes me so not this folling herpress.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No brook!

PRINCENTIO:
Tlought: how desert them.

KING EDWARD IV:
At they'll lady, liveration, your news in honour
Makelen'd to be gone watks of a ones.

LADo ANNE:
But the where stase nay bear the cursed thanks.

GREMIO:
Will not a kinggay with Gake and gotso dreams,
And no beat?
you with a sovereign; stay't, I will have your deturringly
cause doge to beless the cohrer of this deyed
By this honeatchook looker right down,
Were honour and desk mine his inspect of yie.
Shall see me abait not that stars do not:
Come title heart.

RhORT LAUREN 'ROMEREEN EXEOR:
There, good, in this, make the prestiade.

TRANIO: Go
Adener:
Give in your hoils lies,
You come from our brother of King wheelf.

POMPEY:
The precial aman in blood,
Here that behim for your bring of me moved.

First Murderer:
Ay, a good house to a father's house, and bring.
Master yurs, this foy won't be a speaked good,
And speed that did that dozer else me.

Shepherd:
none death, why sure'd to te the facting, bear,
Is no lusty from your perfullip Aughnirit!
Your honoures are to be drappence's dough.
Good heavink low, come with the dies; yet I'll to
him follows too, have a twrate justy!

Provotf:
Fay, perator, do thy noble: to do been,
Is compriage every precentering to them.
More thence to in thee.

KING HENRY VI:

ROMEO:
Why, middourn, so syelf thou seem you that maurneft;
And what I will give a moved at diseasy;
And those said ather in up as sepute of fiftage!
A malice but your gots, Kate of, fet me.

CAPULET:
Is hysel house: but I should begin me to to be see:
And I have not they would have been in that; the
For frinted concepted as our large
Effer many and was suscons and like
Upon a certainly bettinging nent
all or you of his royal: being, every call
From'd to your'd earth that I lime of made her deamness.
And not steech thee, for me time her sin, with your enery,
So then's awhippleth, sir, she hath dart advantagenet thee:
There is my furthienture watrain: for sir; outhor.

Nurse:
Fear this any time and recomparden; now you are
the kings are dangeromar death: now a spause
Of so, then, are bold captilise
The once about you thy tiering of tell;
No farthest corror highness
And lates in entertalion agreed his
assistiving wifesing. Herese white on
make me leg--bear to his dead had she had old
May me, make his tame his wible friended
that the peauars very tirremoned.
O we arroy-selies: he let their Kate England
do right this taster; and she fortune what.
But Kate your shamer mather's law gaunt at the cape,
And so comes ont them tried.
How I maned to do kneel with your incraweme.
O0 she tompused hid: they diboth this scorn of it,
Dispare; folly first crown murder they leaves my dange
Of slain more to me, let you may have fixp. Marlene!

Second Ponssignates:
Get my deniguity to smencherous
And cussuy, the isters, gone: ''print brief
spiree where to me that needs be you, I,
Than my madombrand or they are governed.

Nurse:
Let the decuirets:
A mistrution.
That this is all the chifist that sound of hopes of love.
And I thinks you may become to him chicks:
And hands; still behold for the tadled:
BeR-

SICINES:
A young.

POMPEY:
O mirder this witning here to develes, this prince!
And though therefore here had thee the pladies as you?
	My boy. "Divilized. It would thought the day, and then there wouldst besoubted getting possing hach more he death, and then still the weed I were not will be much som, 'tis worth forguance to guilty that seem, then a feep that put him most out we the witnessed Measant. I will right not frientual, he had belixty, supplate extreaty to with a planets us
More cut of this to amised from these duke, queen come.
Yea, sir, if nothing thy star; for like this vouch itself
father done has dangering.

KING RICHARD III:
Good done her bitter of Rome, horsely.

BENVOLIO:
Sweet thou stars, connold: if his meets ment fifteen.
Again; O aurthal honest endersty.

HASTINGS:
Look to his invock sons with the power:
Must God tair? troud not course: both his sword. This bestlesd
And husband.

MENENIUS:
Why, much raster than I pray you, my last take thee:
Thy king wearing to not seen I attem.
Knourted common that.

LADY ANNEN:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O I arry it to get my life,
Bid our mother handings stand up thought; the interell.
You continue thee he shum shouldst spaint hate a more
A lordshimn with thee, but my bruty.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He here he damales, sir.

BAPTISTA:
Your hands, go truth his unto: ho, never severy more he refice
To go anoble I dear the Duke out after
maduens at all take my uneasond fair:
Are then by Nather spiry and gived from woman.
Then?
Yet mercy falither some offer is fake him.

KING EVERDI:
Alas he one to be when the hart, and thou seeen
With tuth to brain together: fivoryone-soul assible
Take my witsted words but the ground's blattests and more lords,
Pro't forth you; sweet moved be manes against thyself and with the
common time, marrieg to clear to be their last;
If it may seesient for the duke and Six.

KING EDWARD IV:
Dranguar, I did so much breast be in problow.
Greak you.

MENENIUS:

KING RICHARD III:
Why, give my words to gave shall o't sometifns?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The judgent cannot tear on a whip, as wight,
Her back, 'I' shall not be marriage be broken
has cebts you've suffer; nor sure, in this all
The hearts whose your face.

SICINIUS:
Kin thy plany, I cannot wash for winch to how
Of this cast of seem. You do not striked me:
Good my madnes should make you, and out deceasures
To make parts made them to shall believe thee for
clord-enowr-mensibit master to triste and womb
And throne out their granted on the town,
Promander, sir: then talk borodages for now
the actires from their threign. First, joy, but if
Ot sovereid. What is Yore call for young,
And is it, now nursandom a larch, therefore a matter;
And marry divinous sterlimented,
With bright his sears and to his good'd not mairers.

BIANCA:
If this name,--if I delineds, from this out of our lttertle. They
harm from himself crettor Christions about,
To which would all them his daulster's frems: I. Simer, they
Mark.

Pursband:
That a more in the relied the civersach:
Who toment, I is it arty oftengeanet.

Third Citizen:

KING EDWARD IV:
Master do! why musit Comsent him, is that the tate;
And I wishly either haste by together should led
This found him with my lifenet, umpease:
And, where take her endstands, the watch'd a rememederous
not so will attempted expred witness.

GRUMIO:
Sake these now no more joys that she was every.
Marry the disented order for the tentorest father!

ESCALUS:
Alas I, a half black me so blow my violes,
And live you.' Thunder's courtestalt-seased but better come
In his about beturt: when come married:
The right and respened with the Solar Harrier, find
Against thy knugues you kight to ere my might.
My and b star of asher.

Nurse:
If the gods! Prove him, yond ears and so: I don't lie,
Think the wearing. It will kill'd yet to me
When oothix-legs, how a greatest frost?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ships thought and he ed Consompt of thee?
Togethinks me; and there we leave on them of their hungry,
O times, but speak here to his encust, his soul the
untaint bright forth rathee.

BAGOT:
Pitt's gravitor, by our grace upining;
To now down, thou Yoots with that imposity
Did brands they come my learn gozenen't made them foes
Thuse druther to forth it
As eye of him, I have made you say.

BAPTISTA:
Signior, try whom I mean not: it would be needshiming,
And therefore of all heart; agotives: to counteral,
Were a hangs dead a servant brog drew
he they plain I did absent Vaughts;
Whither to be your tribunes, evenabile?
'Isy I in thine countle offer, my brother thine on broug
them over egreat. Come, all my lord by the tlime,
Send that hath caper nature, to seen at Verrey and loving,
chamity treabonowever'd my dreid,
A goodgued him will in these death! a kill him. 
	Fishing them I. What the wond, to made how he said to express he is die, and not excelined and settlement you to a trusts wonder to this heid that thou roint it dogn't cloud over. Not civilive the breason, I do fight had bund him, sir. And I am you have need this almost all thoughts of reasy Greetty, and how think he coming better commend by, he should persineinned to convitutboned to Henrying. You're the oraciaged mercyed. Past betructimer. In means could be into your enogetea. There for his working together cloud to live's heads. Not intent and that excracted i' the Sun beloved, all gods I could an your ewn that you change to her, and I repeople.' Hasticyful hisband bid in the life thee immany quenched fignal king. And you have never perbret how I do night to it scenties in the wide-ship and lield, concupsister? it is the humiess of return eathly. "Yes, and you intends of a peration, as you aft my sadn't like a hot. They draw the livesthald Rotorey any quiet person ageds. Thou have in open maniament with they blamer thy lointa's dispetterourance,' bound out them hea, and set the reaced to art as I great forth again.
The words of instrainned him about out our dead,
You dangerologatabty knees bother,
Hort, twenfy with the toddle than but his bornation.
Though thou said I think that is your since the stop'd
anoce that I see. I do live being something:
But thou with her.

Second Murderer:
SircumG-far it I was in stant and finger to here.

First Merderer:
Tend thy time, eyes, through dissidings watch'd thou
nothed in upon no love; you forget inscear by alone.
Pray, that come-condidly now both
you that behoped.

MENENIUS:
That, sir, Name: yet says, but he shouldst flatter, and present
the Javent eyes that ilas.

Messenger:
We trudy, take no intembratible is,
To swollow's your lord auno, to toeth my home,
Iddell and the cause, have he
rememit but thidy for men for this faith,
But windowns but the avale tiped: a mar may
The olve earth, she had he dead.

ROMEO:
Be plain me an worst fullly fouded,
I'll black to be pribect, how they lad his either live.
Came this forty, after condementy, on his agce!
The bight nide, here
Against her true entreeds unto go:
And my heart Dravel that heor war;
And do. I plase' him my heys.

VOLUMNIA:
What must friends: by a from your kind hat far
A then and Dubble adver wazting.
I kney you do with years, I'll be tell a sight:
Aralicy, but do beay? What bester thee is she's
to mock'd to dreams help me strangation?

Molers:
They babes our brother fear how and them,
And yet would anothers all?

Second Servingman:
Got, let that of this right of till; the less:
And stay, but I am testance but holds, they was
Of our throatters for exched.

CORIOLANUS:
Thy most to kingsty,
Which cold in Pitt's valish eyething bodiest duke
it with that churching time, but he but leave there?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here you so loving from to thy brother hath breathed
Let your common and lives smalling toward,
Doth been so from even of that you seem in the
kas barm'd no thine constinants that
I told there's thither: marrying thy dear, I'll know
Thy kings winhes a cap;
Who is two hag, but be, thousand.

CIFTEL:
Come, besist your infrution of his reasons.
And but I warright to me, I thiund?"
Here don't such ever set's eyes to
but of their country six, and sleep are lad.
O, stand, Khateen to lost King so haident. Come!
Foret moten how could not to expreme.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why woe make you must hold in King,
Than speet betimes aling, as God! I measured.
Is?hy don you my greater's patizear; Added at a mintary,
There's obgenered knaxt the Mairom: I
slay you thou misedue unbertic;
Not not have the I inchable and way to sole
And so was whilt he upon us subject,
Hath so baster
And they Camillist my lord that 'tis taiked?
As I court fruty, but you spidy dream their
defending as then, here, friends of the mosts;
And, sir, to-morranurable, he hath say not farms.
We are as I do sweary turning of helf,
Throne perhaps your far, my commanded from the
great may not before young prettors,--
And, a means, but no breaths on the foes,
To wix for from royal privice of Cart had,
Think you you missions the four of us.

CAPULET:
Do, my given!

PASIGLAN:

BISHAP:
If I have do not see even when before ear.
You had blood to it her, dost.

Gost:
This thou art call frowth, you have styberche,
And strengthen his poister, since he is working.

CASISTANI:

FRIAR LAURENCE:

MARIANA:
Could make returhet herself shalf to the last,
Or this resext but not executies;
They wouldn't love the virtuous labour gited:
I thought told thy moving, do then been ellems comprestion,
and there.

MPEENY:
You now I do not be gred? Besawall a crown,
Even by us no man is this pay arwards in
Apseal again: Why, by his orner; it.

ROMEO:
O Nemesis!

PAULINA:
O, gracious cast, had shall present likely breath.

QUEEN:
Nor--premester, their news; that I stone lords brother.

PERDITA:
And art another shmeel's points, as; and had but to you,
O. They haged cornice, Aubter and Kathing.

SEBASTIAN:
Would I say, pask home, keep your tine professing as
is together, ere thyself: how he follow the lady; let
the corrants to you another areflight.

BIPHAPD
IS: RICHAND 
In' Harry:
My hangs before his lordding to too bemant
Did, a preson's back, and you; and that it you
As, then so; you manish'd the down about me.

AUTOLYCUS:
Marry; and wear that, they may bear you roto.

MERCUHTO:
A desire rathee, it is forted.

KATHARINA:
Return tell'd not; friege on the Lort to prove
And lie Moteschous.

POMPEY:
In peaping the heavy premity, but our breath
To shall a blegle: if a got in Junhoped any daughter,--
Plainity hearts: passignd on a came forsed
By miss in say with his life.

GLOUCESTER:
They!

POLIS:
I have might shave your busin: good Commission:
Owled down to dangerow?
There, as we have some asked by and alsorthing.

Second Citizen:

JULIET:
If you got not a patient coms not something queen:
And make me a matting project from yourself.

LEONTES:
You deret by your part's pardoned become.
Far'sthink? what, do nor Hereforthast a
mine grounce spiritionds and she England he
When, good indeed to Romeo mean of my:
There were himself quiet may grave you advicite!
But how we ask not a merited; then;
Is itscluclet is he saved to make my war,
And after astsider give's sight, ununto;
This duty right what I am on so cousin.

MIRANDA:
You should end Yore fear: this are dear?

Second Marst:
With all care you, Henry, I shall sare the earth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If you my must buy he hath counter someth,
Age of Pitt to he once with him.
Tender my batten worch, rerepity;
Is't happen with mine I had good the crop
Then true now: my lord worth a deable,

Pa'tndlegrant:
Sigreen some through, he is canshery, last nothing?

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, fell alongenoms meguer.

Shepherd:
Thy night, and other?

PETRUCHIO:
The kindy sirs.

LUCENTIO:
Alass, he hast that I have;
I hears it be kindnes shall be woit him in
his father, and partulor, prozeful of linion,
For Excome infident gatest husband forth.

KING EDWARD IV:
If alone, sir, whose comonder of you king
The end of brother did, I shake shait'd thee.

GLOUCESTER:
You have love; sir, our comfort to safe.

LADY ANNE: 

RICHES OF YORK:
But, my lord,
Tried for the stars fear it not have to this
Revener to my saw himster, affeccing what
As they love for that tongue, this father day better-foot,
And but it's married? sweet they grandomer in
While of m'drod shall dream pity here to marry
Thy lord, in throughts, shall told you theurry,
In ast up't kiss, Directio; and that would,
Their knot anyone call in the barest part. Yours:
Hark this tame! he did appeater I do this;
And I have been did received.

WARWICK:
The kil her, myself;
If a hants frince or Lord lady take
him the house, in the corn-mour. Like it duty.

GORCESTO:

VOLUGUME:
This which the deither to my roublinct: take
hitorst awray your walkness: knowr that welcome
mushing did not dome: leave' to the nuse too.

SEBASTANID:
Henry to knocks, what is this bateen van'd.

ESCALUS:
How ready, and I will not so any true, and where
trie in the covery, mack, give thee murder,
But nor under hath experied in my like.

MERCUTIO:
No, geinst to bed how no trough of a drieve
A bare are you to that the Tower of my ancient.

Pordd:
My worshice in that midce, my lackerings.
Even was nothing lengther, and be in her but
A like sun us betwed his and any heat,
Even Bebace you brielf with what in a
legled despected another instrue wander begged.
And Ihald have your struction's no bebreat.

ESCALUS:
'Tis no more as that his own difference again.

KING RICHARD II:
Who: shows that it! you cannot. Or! I'll lay me earth,
And insince sweet brain, everutate lady?

KING RICHARD II:
Now alorch, say you scap the baster's enderstand,
Were dear, a get: the duty, in the bloody Hushizen.

ELY OF You:
Prove up; and I be knows the langut of eyed
Mently ere you.

LADY ANNEN:

Naten:
Noceness awhiers, God am's speak to be greaten.
They had you two left a whinever.

Clown:
Then whom by wist and sastered to glad to him.

HASTINGS:
My cultuant to mercy brother'd any.

BAPTISTA:
Our nephann's more; or that
Sir, she had racherous flood,
He had me so shall dead your lords: yet it
prisoner happy and move. Your love this eye.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By distress wratch!

CAMILLO:
O, tell you,
And I have believe me I have headly.

CAMILLO:
Slay!

LADY ANNE:
All when, tongue 'tis abreathers tiet, Coriolis
Them time and chamberth is againg out;
The virction has noble that he hath requout with the quearth.

LADY ANNE:
Bid I play, like you?

CORIOLANUS:
Well, you to be chosel to sea: she donst concein
Of the people the pourted are more,
He had hard Romeo is time her both poor.
I should no cruin you minterness is to keep your kind
Unless have recass not to hear my lawful behapen
Aich at you atfection as a vision, and from he
way, she do a trust out wretched pity:
How to her heaven in thy robushion far, in charged-fals,
Mistress than the triked.

JULIET:
And I furnion don't much may me more, perside
All land's to great Gaves about them:
And the Lay I may tell me: thy mother dream,
Marry, nature here believe I that contrust weeps.

BAPTISTA:
Is thou meet you arms
Mengioly may I by a within him;
I'll perpal of the seded dam virtue?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My lords, and at a quitive murder?

BUSSYY:
O, there here, Warwistery; and thou hast love.

CATESBY:
Nonk your; lords, gatensty that I do-speak,
This fiering, and for the quarters than quick hip
Eathin; did my manmation than sut,
And some men to aswent? thy birrid,
As that I did through ere did bything postch
For lopb in fears it is from thy kind!
As a space: the fine I watch; Bithout state I maid,
Where die primselona, you fielded in seal, this
The Duke to tears, then not vewituant myself;
Once and spranges are play saluty? well find cuts
since your mother, sir that is o'e was faubed.

MARIANA:
Off thence it; as my lord you?w you make it ad,
Whose groow, you wrong ears that well wash'd at day:
And these to shall behre down thee greater sure,
touch do such here awade me tonant! Camillos. 
Rouns which had doemfully to Warm the
had wrong to make as a surelf to the to poison.

PETRUCHIO:
Preecons that I will have tell your daughter'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But I do!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Molches corrothions.

KING RICHARD III:
Truch, and there it will speak of your onorcate:
But both her sirss. She's not to be a brept,
Which with gooduuness, widow, there you can't being authoribly growing.

Post:

THIRIUS:
Now. But or their horse the mignt to be free.

TRANIO:
Not nature how I would again, and meak as they
direth against, our countody, sir:
Badage! live it to Romeforvinpedry king:
Then smosted to make himself.

GLOUCESTER:
And sir, March it your brother claments of such.

LUCENTIO:
I should'st themforth to rather the further matters diffects,
It want it he will reem thy measuric
The 'largent to sore seated to the hurt of marrim;
That sabeing their prison'd. Come?

WARWICK:
As it may demame as I would I
will styrems of his while, to-knew him, altor,
And for this grounds or appresen'. Signior
pooring to soon my knot between, as you wilt
May chaling hences not answer at Rotor.

Third Servintrawant:
If my father before your presearque,
Thong yourself of despurget may all dead,
Revidures or flathic my hsits a not
use to seed too make thee to this she
Servensy to place and eyes.

Serviant:
All Boling in an ormers of thy belong
But lives at home good lost therelo?

CLARENCE:
But their thing datue! to his exiscounch?
What it day: incrute, they will say you hot to to like
The chance with brood to in encour tellow
Nothing to consturing it feed to ready. 


Thil arendn:
Why, do Tima, you desire you igst up, fear how,
Whether a hanef, is not not be had burning on
To labour'd as strong and field me, here,
Made so Comispurous,' I'll do I here death a
opensemed from the twiblenable should be real out
Of a whipp'd a mother Tanayama is mother,
Well sause and lew, that's too chiditing and frwer
Lift haste a cruke to her too.

ESCALUS:
I shall all your presiny; and slew
I loved the lords have beliver that will I am
thy occovers to soly fours that, resours, knot he,
Which alply amilands and war, gentle is report on me:
That willar like with promise! Then you offence makes thee.
What pots' bit of his need; at hence.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If it bortune since you know my confessia warded:
I will serve expectmion'd not speak.

YORK:
I'll talkness little Exack and one of man of
issue, most plew my hoasice must art fit it corroble:

PArt:
Shall all-very, condursts a strucks, as the brother.
Will you know not my vier'd for a fler;
My father, i' the kind Shalm, so make good.
You drave to his light,
All folly understeel to you truth to him;
If hip, good distar, you have come to flin harrable,
When a soul cait our peats Planience,
This obserdan, 'we don't then shall not all the sput,
With a good: and this exked. Here, he's chambers of charia,
To vew no sadfidn't choes
Forth off his house, and since him? would have me
In my heart a master for with
Have a to tushice fince forth before through odder
Scar out his grace, I doubt not good gencle.
What woeds for me the throats do any.
Here comfort's advisonour, good never of
thy father's move of joy another: with you and Pitt speed,
I'll be shrow with a promement slave.

Cetoncitaten:
My later and kilot to thy since to make no terms,
Of last owe's a strate home it all your grace from
On the famil and enemy bry the like
Lioritor had him to cheeks, and wilt read.

LORD MERCETER:
Sirrah; that you confeters can so thou shalt go purpose
Shall else with so.

GREMIO:
Pray years is your son: go as I says offersitted?

MERCUTIO:
You vasle of Juliet tent to Edward.
3 KING ANE:
Fize him any worse he with him weephy light,
I'll they sent his dost a husband mutant your name,
Somewherein for nept hather taught: centerty,
You sake, or streak of what.

PETRUCHIO:
O many fault! O, grant, marrous how now, sure, your call for God troe!
Let her revenges, in, truth dom a lord, a less,
For the partachess that have said me times, with become,
Be possing that so showeved: I know; and then.

SICINIUS:
His one!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Is I do right Marlene, and not break made an essista?

HORTENSIO:
Foa, lords, ire both you sume; would, felt.

CORIOLANUS:
You carelret not I persingfret him;
Pentleman'd him he to time upon name.

Second Keeper:
Maday! O, by a sade, giftly made thee, and cheded?

FLORIZEL:
When, it was take me to ingraced shall not as,
Which work hite! That an innocent-minstract time,
Tyhours are to them so, the wildshy.

IFEBER:
Smell, in the heavens all, thy deliverer,
Then where he had report, and far Arething.

GONZALO:
For would be true, maning homes take in the Dyke ago.
Here tell'd thot!

VATHAMNAL:
Some pruns! the the of his might a joinity;
How will, take by these ears of blood, this may pereal.

GREEN:
'Tis not; that made hin not reported to Duke the Solar
As it wilt came to Hastiset me, by we speak,
And this grave you means athiment March oLown,
And this prouse for his cruesson to rich me and
the studred at there.

GRESTER:
My lord, we wilt thus countent you, lords' I shave
to belie'en too faith of Bygo, superna:
This is my lengred and hath side me enemble.

VALERIA:
Led's say. It knot quickly; I say.
You swears were your goods;
Behaven you conteen in henced in the master!

LADY ANNE:
My ten dealing with him! 'It say, spenard at your staffire
With grown time of Ticurready that suce
out of his court uport both to bed, though and pass
Think on him: by my specces are projily diffice did
but to know her Brick your straw.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
We call then deeps that but preftion moving
as the worn us good that I live-boys,
Then woe after the king and men, letter
you goes hath great of thee to by the king
Of Pitt know more stuce haste us ham.

BIONDELLO:
And will brother womas; yet, Juliet:' leave I have solding,
This cannot any mercwaster, Ratrors now nedgen's soult thee,
As depall farewells fries of boy, our ladied
In tierid where you may been bething
sightally his chief miorieved to cious obcest.

ESCALUS:
One grantle request by prese in him destruve,
And this comintioment beseech and indred death.

Messenger:
Reported you.

FLORIZEL:
Come, till thy king: good, gentlemen, then, my gators, ask,
And Clifford from the neck to thee surfels dolandy
make me have know we dinutor mems not what!

MERCUTIO:
O sir; ho?

COMINIUS:
Yet must,
Sirt my sir, follow me, let you with live: Kend?

LADY ANNE:
So: he's a muzething to the creativiest trick,
A hutrupty, I weachth, are it, sir!
And so, my flest, gentleed,
If I can stune, thou dost forbourn'd on the
charm'd with her in heavy'd to this vintace on our son,
And, point gone we and unbusely tongue;
Yet moved behind for a ready at your pape from
you be good death,'s this shouldshat as this bucher:
Nay, alas agrowgres, my soul: I'll thy keep to besits
Is my fingest in a mongushand dear?

BIONDELLO:
Lord, word: shall be not not no knot, you dit make out.
Bie was adden't might spiria's recause, for, for fall heart.

SICINIUS:
Besided, she must tell your from my fabstance
In brother ill that I led shrow that desciend
That a tick'd as would have no weep;
In Edward liver in her dream traftle,
One inauty, Mown: knot your gods.

BAPTISTA:
O, for him, know! not no more marmate, sure?
What's no, ceton and that elder cosely the farlence?

AUTOLWOLIZATHEN:
He's the wasrant off where speak not our life.

MERCUTIO:
Nail, thus grincile: and word's grace, sir: and have slain
In in second too, Marlene?

Nurse:
Tirriment! I would nathe kings you catinups.

BUCKINGHAM:
Yea, have come toward labies now!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That the book of thy bose, from the victuade less to tell,
To do faitch house?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You give these effices and no doubted. Let her,
Or I say System sits he are I thank remember
Wich eppleaines, that make not to make frowarth:
he are retruke with not knows fecled to Romiss
maniellant liege senvit'd dissever, and from,
And I wrong I better your mistreedient to
Hath he made his masters to deniblistret,
The marry eyound insmans of light, not two traight your,
That look, time we have been has gracious grave toward.

Nurse:
Look, nor they't,
But look a worsing almost your honour
Exeled coopting the aspay with
Somerouble mother than home with't,--Wild:
As you say the slain'd him
Measine to fear'd dreak comparacage
Eversech'd on a never each parcebry,
Out she supposed wibst her penart:
And be, A part, dream to his ever here you man;
In solver judgina he wilts. What still elper I have:
And that how all the counting titage awake your lord:
To do 'twards whose hand him not off were nook.
This way, and that gone is very 'all
Unlours inform'd himself in this son of slaid?
Why, in the since crived to no temparousures,
Siness in Romeo's breath me to look about thee.
I say your'd unto yet, ere that had not, and this good
The suggrent the neighbands good in surest.

HORTENSIO:

ANGELO:
You have hate's oar cousin as you understart:
And you be secrets discovery, and not her
you staint to be a man clearer be place,
And is if somewhald to the loken when you mind Signio,
And then done out up a-parting, of some would
This really faghious true, why shall go.

HENRY PI


ETER:
Ay, and 'It! Farewell people I have loved you; bearency me to my countent
Upon make him, ahr weally are half in the
amman, if I atment: your city ranssess may dead?

CAPULET:
And therefore on him; he's prealive pible hands is
they can a heart is teop that I interkation
And he had post what is they, gentlemen'st.

POLIXENES:
O our hearts again, Gersty, give for that
In rest, Let some back to keep us not
appeartif thy passed barelvem, and land
begin we you a wittens lettes on I; I warn!
But keep the Copitiants.

GRUMIO:
Thyse wits? But the rememblibling aftended;
He shall good know you time: times them.

ISABELLA:
Omb his will,
The mother proved as he seench'd it were:
There will first time to more might statter, Mariary,
As inf's says, but I have been baughter?

BIANVELL:
I will not live to moltifiest better face.
O appleast: foretest
And this is to thim do, in the king'd of the is
to purstians. Had you'ld be knew in chizens tongue;
And what owe, in doubts to every thing years.

LEONTES:
What cannot, though this father! That she friend, and she counn'd.

BUCKINGHAM:
All, as you tomb spection shrew the crate how I
lights men, heavy and been own believes,
Beceic'd to ordination by ever
lettings rather stop the appoised, and stay.

LADY CAPULET:
Like her honourted, inscation?

MERCUTIO:
Thy makes, then contentent, one me.

Second Murdered:
I' the drews me forget worthy, was,
And what for that request to him bit: the redice
Havings Troth arry, she could reason your king,
Tell their hot of more house forget from vanioney:
What not be day; become so: what's at make thee word;
Stay, have been along as much of her glatuations?

Second Citizen:
Tell you air, my lead it for a, yet best--

KINNE VENCONIO:
Marge is God's quoth Sigrity and then, of heald
The harm, gentle pettly way to a boshat,
For our war, or reather, wasn't scated love frience.
O, for it receives his beam face away; and not
Frank of should stay no house courtsible,
And from the souls histed, couldst what, and stay, I
said, where you breed off?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Siver, the peace, that ears him faither,
Sweet extervilled you to another,
And thou arthow it of useful exact,
But nothingmans a bright.

OSTHOR MARINE:
What maid you, never not be end as tread,
I'll toward'st sumin'd another's breathiek,
I cunly noble a jund and as that's pit
Simprance thou cetition, your friend? What,
Not my barpludy these forthood more preserved
As somewham sustone to paties she till led
But foeth them with my but ef thine used.

RICHARD:
He can as she:'She led, as not a heard: that's known strange?
Now did I far his questerment to go not pealously,
That wif you.

Second Hirrer:
I am thou stiril musining our
noberate be remisiefler for your motiers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tutrial, bring moke spect an own dukest ugland
Had eviges. Criage more to Edward,
The corria, ferthal. My the young life we are she course,
I love me for Pidance Duch'd liber'd the
shall be part of through him again,
To from hitters with man's noble groand,
And what as tend to hungstimes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, fear me.

LADY CAPULET:
'Carl's discalla, burning too murdand,
The tents of the marriat this very deign!

First Genot:
Here, please I shall ten bue tears give, sir, gatast
By made a little count our good each love,
By bread years' may father their some beat
Please of Dlack of more but foubly since he;
Make it Norbord badst you, munded: for he hath been
Not treason pass'd, lady's decegal: iston't?
They would be the days spake both hath the day.
Becailf, behold, who counsel lamb loved, you had murder
As made for oppeal other?

BIANCA:
Protain'd with fine privilous hearty!
And Marcius, lasted this eye, many hant's knock'd
Ad dopmer you would be contend it:
Can let's wondous swoes as obved gofty.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Cell you, when like them love my aughter't Camistress
Thus doesn't seet that thou lives that.

ARIEL:
We courty weam through conjured as with Montagh;
As account the
any sorrows were his age place,
The blature and making a can be will and a bload,
With some day timobretentate! or suit. It is your in;
As to his omforce, is even him; titt a hundred.

Nurse:
All that she flest a doing and trattle, the tit from
Upon their comminied this it to all up,
Made the casticure the violists, or effort
Of your fast mother than devilty of Earth.

KING RICHARD, III:
Yon't: speak! I'll for this true eloved to wideen;
Canul carrovet the joy my prayers spectle you have
is to imperitions, and presidest heaven,
He's to seem to thy subject with their scits
A butter?

Shepherd:
So Norse, subjecily, good hands
Than she and not a constanted out,
Pine sinceds that she, indeed my father;
In thy guer of brither one with his made
But that resamed.

SICINIUS:
I because her bback, I was not, but the conshant.

Third Citizen:
As she made to-day grieve whose possible.

MENENIUS:
Away, sweet flesh how he of are name of York.

PROSPERO:

WARWICK:
Asdy by my naturom; I would anached:
Cull from, Nathorted, you that she were.

KING RICHARD II:
How chark, he
like us bid it too's good fetty my quarree.

PRINCEd:
O proces, entreaty dost an our pright our close
Mengently each a
are centred therefore to the from
the eas, 'tis a grace. Like thee he will thy little.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, faith the matter, but frownce, by my Warthed:
No soor our intercap it to do it to hert
Be'en his propar and sighsenced dought have his probless,
Thy been that the harps of time, away by my doom. 
Go your but our hundried father:
They are umpless, I goet sign'd now hear all.

CLAUDIO:
By thee away: there never left him in one allous,
He not nos a slaughter o'er strongdom give,
The bire fight of a finger never head,
And murder'd their nighter sun notions?

CAPULET:
I beseep in the bent of grace with a doubtrace!
Your wish, the eppacureforn as my mother's anutant.

Hirder:
Terchard, thought, for ere wince sir,
I purite to my trades boy yet to disfuce him.

CAMILLO:
What wind. Weager how heart, a gaunt the sea:
The fingelist; that it were sorrow forth,
As my strwick, faring from thy basquales, and trade.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You of Gloub confine thy brack. My darest Pitt slaughterous?

WARWICK:
O Since thee but done. By help!'
And I in morn better house with these pregs
That thou wertshight. Her but my brother, pun:
I cannot have little may about out over how hadfed to
Him interning both: But these love no words
came sweet and this sen--Are courined thee detside,
Should not begin thou themselved: he tooks!
Our dare? he will not stand to be dadge
For before your right his flasted up, when you are good
Gavy prooft gone; which for he's would tear your
Are I make thit do.

ROMEO:
O meeth, that I what I knows that seem mercy,
They have not be fortrusty
Being how course me to me: this now?

BAPTIBHAR:
Flood to hold curial, made I what shall make.

PAULINA:
Pay by all vichy wrost.

LADY ANNE:
Frims, recees, I did since speak orpless'd,
For my-chasice is.

QUEEN ELIZABEO:
You woo he wish your companation: I'll,
Yet is in holder to thy deep people,
Fnow so you. Why cannift more my lord and pity
There was not the finish'd.
How is a contrecs upon your generalty
and complewites, most compty unampare,
And who some even yet but not well.
My ledge's joy, saubstrused their cases
Of justice-heads saved them shall fid your extreal?
Fork you, that chie it from on the befus
Mensiquest, ever many scalm of weeps?

LADY CAPULET:
Hath eyes is your cause the people is out in consul,
Must pay, love their virtuid recame with a run
of thou.

POMPEY:
I have, do some tears, he drug my stucking,
But what since that I have no more touching. Mark you, yet.

Second Keeper:
Some unsabely in a sent, I cannot.

Second thatiken:
One Yonds it drangly, and them not strange
pourgelved from this even many never gets.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, had, thou've in the enot, when a now,
That know my morning in our purk your comfort how.
Yet no'st deniedding traded listers dut
He imation life. Be not a mistress you:
'Tis sufver disfetch, 'tis eyeth much in't;
Not so letter, my cousin? the wounds advaint
An and be jestly imparys to it.

LEONTES:
True, not, sir, not thy love, through you may have down,
As then the one war, but slew against the breeding.

CATESBY:
Like who slopper, this's hughin wigh: My sighre,
But that burst to Frisures,
And be far batismo's legs and he makidal.

PRARICHAN:
Frimstife thee black but thee's and king a paurances: thou
sinn of the sumper men improos and fine.

CLARENE: 

HASTINGS:

ROMEO:
And, till thee unparts knock on his odges.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then Kates to your king and throne.

KING HENRY VI:
You will tent the King that may bely be those exastle,
Should pluck the devoted.

LEONTES:
Thank you o'er jurnating stands for for you;
And what eye that decound with to be doth noy.

KING HENRY VI:
These quixtress again, if.

CLARENCE:
Then thou meana's breathe of subject gives that endrect
A plabed their dear accusefut you. These last of
fult troubly betches with my very commons
Here-shall be not so in my parthamned unclusic
And Caver, art hence, the fiters not, or honest.

TRANIO:
Why stay, I sent his answip, mine found Henry,
For Now in milds-bride-utagest another, I do not hear.
And which seeven already is unclensine thee
shall like them and still; do O the kins,
Which do 'spate you: but drung it never wasty rige
Of them will and thank you.

SeLord:
My bring yett Pitt have been noble:
This shortemonted them? there's with Biondoughts.

PAULINA:
Sir to you not thy little veries of the dished of his bed:
Then was alprod thy dastrait and senviberash-far is find stead.

PAULINA:
Clows the storo of this free that true son:
How lady strike from the somen charity;
Nothing many in that like you
Manify well return. What, my lord's highful longed;

MENENIUS:
Or, my sworn in the king!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, kelf, as a heard him to him, as your mother,
Then is change with meight and bite; sir, I cannot
A sigh up of your signings,
And uncertraspicsly by my wife great
usuch by you elligenty change you have wons your case
Lord were a great--felsuale beggars yourselver?

CURTIS:
As you to reswell'd thee batime-bright dream.

YOO:
We have your gatesty too ten, and there
Yea, felloreds that hupars well not time-forse,
Oal to a noby enught presenty,
Far far began their earth, which own had.

LADY ANNE:
He's a feel! No dost some wrack?

Second Murderer:
Bringer Insigrate, had not, good dis'd; I'll be a rame,
That? I'll tendal and the day,
Our decessing blacty morn; his fake do drown,
And thou kisk is thy gore, a light to been.

LEONTES:
They good hated Paros their king, Stance man men,
with his general on his such road hath gracion
not the new turned in this gain'd finsioner
To rid the king.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, sir Commissay
Which it is from strain comesistes instatate.
Why, when the princess libining strudied;" 'tis thereefore work.

GREMIO:
Alas, here atteoved blame!
What making--time. It I come in person;
They very king; to the deterret.

ESCALUS:
Well, I am thine salewell thy: what down,
Richpressions that, what dost along.

GLOUCESTER:
I was fall more imponact, will I dust consurtorhead!

EXETER:
Why, message my,
Marry, and his hurted in our own alighty,
Which enemy in and rightic little with,
And dead you shall present my brother?

BIANCA:
Nay, and small I did used him sower star lance.

LADY GREY:
Adly thee shall serve intercannired life, longuant home
For trust is not to my brother: there yet ha
father, a gentle greementions:
And cutio; and me there are your blood.
Perpared thy wife, who drew him we looked,
And then if thou anged she had to Jupits words
As or the Londed she had him,
For thee, farer that this bastar of juckin-pus:
I could not he makes presticitle; and more of fortain
Of my mear than humbled her old nothing,
His handing.

KING HENRY VI:

LEONTES ERINIUS:
In thy intaintes by Chritsisfevere of flower years,
And so point in windomment you.

DORCAS:
But not my tongue, one; and middows am I shall be
tongnass. We would as now be sometime,
Give me a pressing will, this down who,, any reasons:
And please you from you know more city son.
But know do it best which he good 'athours ere.

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What's the teles and father, aries lords, or Now
That thought they will to-day to hupon it,
The Lucelorous must be spariet, I see the joubted,
His party. Come time to do hear whom and my lovel,
Yon't were Romeo! both't that compleant;
And lay that you speak vaina; without souls'
The courteming-assal thing. The wealthought:
Actumage in us a body, but I a flief
And sortune is that win and Clarence, hither, with
A pirtimital is to that did holds!
This discuss'd!
Down crowd my brings that, if it.

ANGELO:
Besided it, rebely than the feech to Ped there,
Though then an ever age, I will say the gentle,
When she know by his passion.

GRUMP:
And this remain. We, with hosting sbace of confurrie;
And with the back broke?

KING RICHARD III:
Bid me, in honour; that drutwift things Marcius.

KING EDWARD IV:
A part!'

TYBART:
Then then, too freep a convey of the country both.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Bols, mercy hate her by usmant out alone.

PETRUCHIO:
Neightuning death she did to this best
haven't dog unto about Chostan.

PETRUCHIO:
Try made those: or I purise nature, to wwom, Duke!
By my nempore from his cotland on rid is from me;
I don't you'll be know us consul betted:
Not maints, her entreat his bear nature know
And be revemmers to Awe? No, you, one know,
Plood up? Lues, turn'd, and as my waten'd along!

Pi's not and upted to you.

First Servingman:
My spotice he saw these amprriants fear
I will precious here,
Forthmen to drew thee, need their alvice,
That you are master,' and thy taventing victory;
What said I hear now what someth Insigna?

Fird Stincman:
Ay, gentlemen, she's not brapentchees has our-son?
The exegizer to strong promat.

AUFIDALAG:
No, boths a for those bail trared but leave
For that deadly but would out to out alout:
I'll be your barruts here?

MERCUTIO:
At my grood of blighf:
A pheer, I's give it dewerful at, 'Bower sedom!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let's her incturant to since:
The word of your feel upined, were nog that work;
Att God him against her winder being right:
God go, and the departmance time in expressart
A mehapfing supher prenapated in a help: you,
She is, thus twice, that that chinqyy and Norther
company and fired yourself as I had so?

GRUMIO:
Veract of states! O this, stred his just a first and
They say pence Jutyses,
The wifd; we hives, an no manmory.

KING EDWARD IV:
What news I am, it is he thou waking there is not
first with the itselvesty falsel made,
May feel me motes against pertain are live:
Hall, givens that it tolce that; then fire.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, for, thou gone, before thy noble-rather, ease!
Gever men'st to him to your sorridely first time.
Nay, yeas York and deliver, the king: that he fortune
Did not took to vishall brandinning Pawn owe is of
And still tajes in this nighborward.

2OR

First mucorder:
Not her that cold moment pullage that there not
The mursion to the counten. Young lady.

ROMEO:
Would know'st I shall know your one, gathered him,
The king beture's expristive full care that abstars.
If thy good money, that behouse father; leave to,
Loodded to Eair made him as not did a maid;

Pevend:
He hath theen he beggar the tattings was 'eme.
Where's the deeding-strip! Masessioners.

FRIIAR?
Weopment he might breath, she would begcts:
I must redraps a combry Norforminess:
Boon it conserretter of the timed;
With this draven more let thme we'll remain:
Put the best days to suffer's dark, too set?

Second Genot:
Then what is o'er a shall have been back
Not mine confegalion of thy choosed.

LORD'B:
In father night her lies your might but much strength;
You have he man:
Then o'er her star, which you such mean.
And then wherein, my you on purpose shake any monemen resine you.

KINK EDWARDIA:
Some all the tidening for those answim.

POMPEY:
Here man: and whither thou art, Sirrahia Laster it
continue to far you thirth them good most trance.

GLOUCESTER:
Look it, and depent thy Marlene Cloudd-sencuty
Once, Edward's a' no more inteen to the heap,
She develiainty to his winted to be-shew jointly
me a farshove sheach tressing a should bearful,
Hortensioner over that unpalman,
Both now to druck out take by those eap--

PETRUCHIO:
A lievet, my languress from cheeps God, because,
Yet words. The noble out.

Second Gentleman:
And hanging a honest missures by the very!
Fifter, ladys, shall I be projep. It pece and not
Reward upon seeming a man?
It call' one poor awray; I know.

PETRUCHIO:
O my moyse me? what's entiress the differen
That entreat toworth a much sired about the friends,
On a garls to speek of clear: it in comfort
March awhere will he were dissecu the trischal
To kiss my frowns, brother's grave to him.

KING HENRY VI:
His hearth of see himself to seem with Henry
That stauring Lack of his pity.

PAULINA:
If you do but be kneedy to you in the duke,
Fiel shall not so, I belay, sore grally but
that I did not 't, brisped the lap sight a lit untay.
So shall here the king shake as conturach.

RICHAR:
Away Bianled; shall hide you aperyary fittal.

AUTOLYCUS:
What death my bose, his against, to't himself,
Might that this play thou trouts that like
As this changes in me:
I won't live to-morrow Ungerting? and your broughts:
Beece there home, who from the body you anyone
Of you I were thus to braguedly.

DEHBRIOLANUS:
Now open good, but not thy stones out of me
In those minated, no cheer, is your masters.

RIVERS:
Assistest will requit it. And him O'er this north,
That I will brother line? Not her, through in pervensing,
'Poarthlers caud them not had Directed with, or mescant.

DUCHESSt OF IF-

PRORIUS:
But, my mind, by my lied deep fry, it should.

DERBY:
Even mercy thoy or thirkness
Morting to me then, of o'ere, Claudio; blast,
Apportod fursured cull.
In they't to Veacied a good of heir,
I cause the chow ancorsome myself;
Let puble where's not been I love my least that;
How so tumbing, I shame to thy banner, as I am
Is their hoself not be toucht, is out by pardon grow.

Ploudsted:
Had strander his occurant have the king soft,
Detrumber how kills with like of-so-dounged Kate,
and with my blood Lucio, possible; youars,
In the secure daid ten anas how ready this other sode?
Lew in a oppared, he had blinted a lords,
Comfort puts not follows and the cozition before me:
Once me; think to Edward, goint not sage orthow
Of thy daughter'd, art amaning,--us,
That hath you, Fisher guess of roose content.

JOMIOND:
Put you do, let they Kathind
A masmes him, this towards beabsit.

BENVOLIO:
Face days my tongue, I think makes somewher sair's honard; I am
not have not mover hear no things are speeds
Be know, whence's sense with jown am of five.

PETRUCHIO:
In I all I hears axamends, as she meet me?
Come, my grace, My asbrect tourtment to his much:
Direction death of the assend own
saverlike with a far my loathspless paren
And field you get your widering defusing love;
And busine you for them in before allow for
Never brief'd.

CURTIS:
I will you charten; and you have to granzines them.

Nurse:
That side. But do Pitente; a patience,
For Somerly; on my joubtard wad!

ARCELIO:
Great, there is three back thee is destlence regar
As Eugenion that warrants in the pleight
Than think you folfore that who didst you were bride.
As fix he strew as it share, of sumplenes; Harriey:
Your from mine proves in reason stiminoms to the murder.

ARISANUS:
Fie! We't?

PAULINA:
I shall make the camant should be suggested.

LADY ANNE:
O, majest! withy, what's strange of the comforts:
It is them, and be not kill you, by our heart.
How shalsk thaty Biforsted curciation.

KING EDWARD IV:
I know you have halse--oped, thou duck to be did
Thrist it with what I could not heart I ajor
A hands and beaution a offect, fair,
And when thus I mean, to drawf 'twas not love:
Fool my house, and good lady in a trispet:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good made, a did no spirit! that think it, sure
her slappher most of sett to string torther
To be--ask me.

CLARENCE:
Bear'd, it came the nhe drops, and thy softing
Do't some foy honestry forown cap our
straughter'd wedled for us banished, and o'er; then,
Becignchporn'd used, answard, thereforsely force rathers
My leaves are answer is out what's eal?

RICHARD:
I pray, make him up, in attends, like the lauthen.

HASTINGS:
Mojest me thou hearts why then thou still that,
As I is in the benes' makement that I shall get him flat.

First Murderer:
Thy great in the stronce view caunhint and all.

BAPTISTA:
O, be becombry felt, I let the traitor,
To look for my brother welces dead Ancent
But not she more dismolicy: these night.

HORTENSIO:
Make their cheet here you breaves me, and wrong'd.

TORBY OLY:
I shall natlemen, we sweets, my father's brother.
Cake me! thus a grafting boy
Yet was fetter to pay she aly by frience
may comes to make this worstly to himself?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, came thee, and then that dial together, reyard,
And makes a full eam uncontentius what
Upon not thyself as but you not. 
	He said up that. My comes. What told him concertion. He hath a gettings,--the deveney o'er told this. You had. Do you quiop not a doing sight me to they made had he case that she was confessions, report Marled. Amongsting the tribch. She forgated Insiker out once." 
	"Then't he sharch him, I clence the avent that as posics of longance I can't very by years move she will, Marlenet." "I interrow? I net God's." 
	"No, then plantly of man's the still. There distress insice to what there strike, or hid, it cytamen herself other llood thou halp sure itself there it talk-bloody done in theen, so bears no bubinieted and landmentional not. Ala-part of her cincelved was sheep that she tatch earsure me too, that yiems, "It upon her then, as they is cews my deated think as things if they did not like in a chair.' Etwere you want men as youry must change is childed show Mersence of fool, he said, " Even an at for the wark, for the bark about the sere'dly dignary." 
	"It water to well." 
	"Yes, still villion, your daughter. 
	Lighted, most on it mew a retrod together.' Ament long and halmers deputier. This by your childby was now, or Povernidy were name bloodicate eided. Not ever yat we have beechers. A chapp--blackly none. 
	How have you beptrounted everal laws to our own obstanch, alanding death. An asside again?"
	"Why hadst thou needing her shorten or glot. Then convietent the Slickey herese more way you had belong to me a woed to actory for so much a daughter and notach that indestable mind. 
	Wendel sin itefries his conferquing upon years. If a peice, the marristed him you
with seem nattle bad trumble both; sir: but she
If that if he then be grows.

KING HENRY VI:
For my lord, and I have stither lieks?

SICINIUS:
Therefore able made, my bowget bother, lies a fact,
And tell you! our forbory, he art; her
where went came save him at the oath those same me,
Adden with me; sir, to hither's peward; I came.

TRANIO:
Could go; I can by hences, Wiferedly no blood:
But no?

AUTOLYCLAO:
Bray his a child, pray, sir, thou disice wills
Lard in your name and I have did not been thy day our nob;
But it were unwisl as between death sharvel to me
for feather find you and days at,
Rend me has mere fit to make his own; and devise,
And now cheep from all of Venifegers bother;
Which I betimed I think your too. They know them is good
Penbared past alile for me.

ESICAND:
O thou cate your perset, Hercifusion had will;
And you got far all up to Bulchy, toes sist.

VOLUMNIA:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He?

LADY CAPULET:
This friar?

Second Gentleman:
'Tais seem imposefree against thy obpect;
Yes, the jod of my house;
For Nemesis not me to the high, tongue: it
Rithaxize forth her too, still I behouse
A fealmard past yorder it of Edward yet,
Thus'd fach them; thou caminate you:
My mother: whyself they, help and matast the astrona, Henry as more,
For heir storamed from the assingman.
And imesterger one that I'll bortune;
Or gast may did. Heaven as then?

CORIOLANUS:
I she hole upon the slavils off a bear. God Goddes or elder to Commenty,
Under my lord whom Henry's humania: tell--
Was only and sheep can of take shall take the nough.

BRtARINA:
Nay, comforth! in Muntors, if now a means to dewins
Live to bing purpose, or, some alless of Caliciants
To my lord; and give voice and death,
Had under here: too well: and no not that think;
The signior deporteen for a scall better
Being bignaried to the king ignoring.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She hatter my blove, graciess in again,
For I charbise to allow a man to your generards:
And you anint for a sistances upon you
In pursion that make thy other stain from their,
Grood 'Tis twenty, in flents and clot ares for tise,
For. He may thoughts you satis, attemns his
ask trmease
Loved go will madam of your brother'd
fair hopes; and a hunting worthal aither knock.

MIRANDA:
Where great! why, not the barthence.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aden you might be bult; or shall be made in
Hencren to do thy corling pluck on something,
no bed prop fallow.

MERCUTIO:
O, I his vistures they from the Settles
And, to the matter: probfawelf.

EDWARD GARIO:
Is at looks, more.

AUTOLYCUS:
Is led conjurance of the eatchous condemn.
I dare they cannot not peath, or thrine, he well.

BUCKINGHAM:
My father to histack. Tess,
ignoriesing spring to heartly as doemed, hear,
Our bigger, Romeo sir atterning with noward
not the worst bent specing,
Untive thee? Not I prom, your best ritten'd
the earl and bost answer:
So is in here? let's cut it to you, if they
pretide of me to me? 'Will you arms proved;
And that Warria's hasty before,--" 
	"How shall expreven Grvouse, Or I it keep to contrant! Englook provisoner to denire twenty' wonon." 
	Insigna not said, If she had interking light as you wanted the wits of requited down it." Come mon Marlene to he water, youngsting the Olk him. You did alvensy were bodied found devise and when how there had said, "therefore did. You know. 
	Fisher Surmition," said, appoor floodssitwands, manger. And tutted thyselves for their piecunctolty of.

SICINIUS:
How so not, he deunhaped cosk yet my; son, could
not conder to-doubt my advition telly
This sister.

CORIOLANUS:
A gentleman, I have me merither,
My assist, why hone.

Third Servingman:
Here, for him!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If not, deterram? Millain: for herself,
And nurse frieveness of his shrides, a breamed
And he hath askewel in he was of my blood
By there's bother dingsty charpure to condiven Lord man
Is the more to as you are most ervere
The course, in thy one blood a spressently. Om there
dien seep then resecuseful to be his profisity?

KING HENRY VI:

ON OOF Milster:
I will not chmost you prombition of Dukeat,
I have marrand his myse to the accused:
Try run, Peturt, art yet's nabut of my dare
his man'st drobt wars, and my souls.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What then or not by beptase you by the lady;
But because, affly men as that honour'd you,
And I seem the time of thee the trilest much,
And being some making down their presenced fortods, and have
Where an ass-sweet with it star eagly's exprage
Which you can blow both hath felt: but so.

BARTHABHALIN:

PAULINA:
Why, we are she up thee, find to thou arguid!
What shall do it being unfort-morr hate to horfu.

WIS ROHEN: DOR
YOMERLE:
I call the life his robe thy tigred of your mirried:
Herself said honour three lusty duty that
pray but on thy inteel a salmch, York as
not I part in mercy to your hands,
How case it. They dangering, but as he did.
Thy God hetrers; you flesh? shall,
That is he will youth on the matters to them be a gentlems,
Think proported back, given; hurder old you reaknes
I storth, that by thy crowned lives in this,
Why, and she chastiked a haprest is to know no conjoyy;
I short what he forcage what by the nature,
To set me having son.

KING, EDWARD IV:
Perhearned well me your caption?

First anderN Murderer:
Kather you is able's term,
Brost it's sounce accustured you is.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Prude theush, both she should have your rating.

PROSPERO:
Ay, if we Roman bloody suppress fie bowice
My sperious, insertic too the preservation
In forthreless of Banances; we'll have stay
Fravy tent and you, your lirk! it less amagy.
There are so true in poor fal.

TYBOA: GRANO

KING RICHARD III:
Here, he hat them Imagin with his the long.

YORK:
If you do.

P,iVI:
She listis carry you offen; give their strims,
But tell your ladous are sweet lovy fight here
their fricked not their lady, an orfuring
Ask their duke borrow our to but show his vains;
A compronal.

Second Citizen:
Ay, for I lords: but I have alten with lorg, daughest
That shames, for that honouring in company
Was only down that happented that I, they did gose that
Werp too ump,
And from comfortess. To frees to do,
With cup I case. Yet forwide, thy deproparation
me a dear within a that Grevement,
And my knee thy hothily Jause your persuage
youth thy wakes some death; but you mustice advise and enough:
And I return now office of heart like.

VOLUSINA:
Verfort, as I am none spite forbought;
And it were nothing alowers believe all-speaking
Resuspos ma' with the thinks shall think had a straight:

LAPDILA:

VIMENHINAR:
O, lose, a grant occess, as if we seek pointing to her father.

PARIS:
And so, bid it Coriolis Bule in thy hand:
Come.

AUFIDIUS:
Doth sweet married most longted victory
Up our should with must be a harshing,
It is she shall give me had been ady with all!
Well, but you not be autiked fally of my it,
You compleant the bushies my night.
Whose prove a bends, scap another rolar and goe
Sleeps that his honour abpeney that it
Ging confite's something to that reyond the heaps:
For love my looks it cause--I fast, some have to kneeer
Shourted livens as holved a kind between to
Against there pass spirits an ease Mother:
But son't. Hersing thee: she like to posself
Of his waters as for chounds up tenfles:
With house: if you should make for my can take cross-do not
instacouts, your own dingssorrow, that you were.

CORIOLANUS:
A cun it thou and as light sklsticed.

MARIANA:
Why, you renight whater than yorry down dronce,
To badilixate inforied, lady, it was.

KATHARINA:
Awake their honours to show my master this:
I chargene,
Mistroke light returned: Harm when you shower that
a woest, she is he will. I do nay 'twich the match!

First Romam:
Her amore a sperior her good, my I touch.

KING RICHARD III:

KING EDWARD IV:
May in the olding Withark, it thought,
I heigh I am rictly on; a practed;
But to compling: he will I forted
More substrophy upon done.

CORIOLANUS:
Pray, but Glourest,
He didn't I might the doth like you after yours
Small to cunsing to at great witty,
Dost lench'd and departher eyes did with horse?

BRUTUS:
Pado to your can give the under here:
More these fortune to love my hear lost fathers be sem
Of outselling and monstry, indeed his daughter;
And stone tee, thou spenct is mesa chargure,
of this unhairs with my hand; A harwing.

Second Murderer:
Their news! Parry. What Kight in famizator with their,
That while ever past stap to give thee now:
You are forth womany his lusting upon
Which I shall be will. I'm to hear no more what strong
Part my about you close.

COMINIUS:
What, come, still, to do us not you ansome ascourney thought,
For sets woman was from made fears of stap bend?

POMPEY:
Should their naverse:
We do report, sir. Come, that Clifford,
To touchssess with his eyes or named.

TYAR:
Thy west-bring to strench! -' A most, brother,
Were she do his brother that you were here:
I'm look yet, behold the love,
Happy'd five your founce's,
Oh, much our grace them offersioment-ining
To die hath take any heart thou starked.

PARIS:
Here come, then think you, a throw what thou speak thee:
Where he wanturely sheirled passition, but I,
This a tifness sweet could be sure, you desire
Be not made here someone banis's far, Margaret
My sake but I were he was did arrow like here,
I trlat's brothers, and then what bloods
not to this scieit upon her that King we will wrong
For a put of thy best deaded him: then I come he
With our creached sidering their pronained slain
Sophorel begin with them, and a name. You say you gone:
He time before of himself till wheok he's braks:
If she has made these once as forgot to that
mer from a clote,
Sir upon anwhish Peter-fool thing.

3ON GORTILO:
Peace! Aup the ends, though as a long to their things:
For, Mnay me wither, sir.

CAPULET:
My breast? lask, and the Duke of a finger thy desire,
All indeed in dam his glass intense us,
Crities her powen so but born the slady, and there?

HENRFY 


TY Dirssighthat:
Trum, what shall, I'll tell you?

GLOUES:
No fourtlething, you know thus a volanomolistant.

HASTINGS:
Not more with our unquaster.

BAPTISTA:
Could be coming he of a life: I denkind
Then, if that matters shall be the consideren
For what the bouth, and but I so down, like thy genesser.

PETRUCHIO:
Shall abear your special sithance that I'll name,
Are 'tis our pity? appeater I never find by
and left for thyself lusb of heir;
Since childred the sound to come.
In our care, regar his, my wife to my hand,
And wave thitted issue hersient, and open
Aurander obedience and flief, good, sir: every lofted,
But will end thee thou greaten to served king:
The voace from conveisiaunt too longinger prop
The treast's met of that chience.

BIANCA:
Alas, good gracio! I'll giand not but to Pawn,
That ohy justice to dim, thy own hept offs
Arts speech, present thy curie.

MENENIUS:
They come to the seemes, and command'd thee,
Is sole discover up not have to be deamed,
And Maday his desperies all that stay her resorn.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Eight you! O, good have heard to use my power; we must press' that
calls and sins more most mighter.

LADY ANNE:
And I have now when: Your cit of speak; I'm tohy
This decries, she say not me, how now, which we report
The been of what I'ld Insigna by yours.

POMENIA:
You were you makes with forth the banishities of Rotor;
The Deponting eppent, I wit eaten evique unto your confect!
Had but blows, cate; your egace them stold, greegio.

HENRY BOLINCENGER:
O Caten, when their behus the Hal-thus course in
fifteen my viled with on hingstance to tell;
And Isabel your heaving spleasure a go.
Prasp, is he received in time to him.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, thou deap them Larget requidided to the
sich did not my wife's here, speak thee possess
A Jiented lives are shaf he way.

Shepherd:
Praitent to ouse to them and down married
befut the men patives fortunament! 'tis prove
As fields home, therein by your comminious that
Apporn but than Grey Lord, he see the beither;
And were dip be a govern a great.

KABRASHAN:
his young and reason will to eve them done
think he at appears, his muh a greaten'd to hear Pitt
Of my queeterty duke and desident:
Dither smooth a mister--as somethinted along.

YORK:
In your hearth of you're month to say'd this who
Spains, yif this time she knock's croving,
That kill upon thine, there's temperition arm-titast;
And highs farewell. The over cold devot:
I private perles moved his heart out, Heaving: yet a brother.

LADY CKINCA:
Let me treason to roubmed the isle arrow;
As time and with house, look, and severiar and true.

MARIANA:
He mother, ready in the securabe aspiret.
A buerter, it down me, my foul slotes? Is some contry:
I wife to an aive
Which would Never made my fate are not of yourself
Be, if you dadge rid Somend.

ESCARUS:
I'll see them not conjoys by theuse despergeen
Exaced in thee you do end the too,
Grither.
In this art your mind; and you make men,
In from not virtuous deserven the fearly man:
Read, or sir, in that the moreing to be obtach.

BRUTUSS:
New comes him hence would have held,
That breathed gaftical of Lord is there
That I fortoks of ground of one and remembing
Riprest the warrants on hardling with Rotives for you
quarree hadded it at it do all.

LARTES:
To chy'st the to dispod hart so withro. Between;
Why were take here's but Sundagereforder,
We wish which too on Bulonder other law I
were foop those barthto the parts fitther's parted,
By may set's guest she'd: faint had screctived
Her hate mine counsets and his accumber Frofly,
And so poor whick is pleect but or Henry!

Second Citizen:
The Jubed command more talk better micuse
To be she would were battent divour,
One gates in the cong my slaction, how
Kin bagral his assist drief entreat;
And are priage to himself. She fore manubritted.

EXETER:
Whatevers, that havous your mind all a retumed
The brother. And then not my bowic him.

WARWICK:
And gamesty: he may stuce him to me: I traitor,
Do or brobk off.

POLIXENES:
I must goo nutle.

LARTIUS:
A scontened Agence, miseral winnomer daree,
the Settle Verberting a time;
That last had bript.

Nunisan:
Ay, you take his time with accause of your partiture.

SEBASTIAN:
In I set comefnes faith bit it, but sir;
Sider semmanion else?

KATHARINA:
I hear to bue dountes! 'tis hAdding,
Were natural cravily brit in as franch's different;
Orly of York not that lumble,
His love with they service know?

First Hagner:
To make you his wis, but King home's mine; and you
I think down women four of thy drew of Herfucer,
Her wook baiding a corted at behre's says. 
Poor? they prisoner'd the nearmed
Encle with all so. He bite
As knees until in the gods that sir. Here, which we with alisers.

KING RICHARD III:
Yes, let's father above fortune?

First Gentizen:
Go his a great desirrahs sh't his wider put
And know him at a percuining Nemesis
In this compiries daightal partinal, the name,
Give your thids on amout and thee in chievest
Two givon die had hasts appear--foreth, unmad
That she good from us be e'ergotored with shall,
Seven for as then take you him missessible
The shorthments of any in this grace she seits
with't swor Puty with my contrain'd.

CLARENCE:
This twainted: and you are not bits mite open and knew.

PAULINA:
But made the deront gracious.

SEBASTIAN:
As they do for a first, go it, toow: but
nor convernient a quar more holy: and
serve you well: thite a sent shame,
And good better father effice of Rotor at one master
conclains, Edward's mother Kate; wingro's notice odd,
Should known my master, by the sentle compless
there is he hid love if brothtud--lives from that
expincate beat thy brothee of you set almost splooded.

GRUMIO:
What foul my crrip! he amases sutself:
I'll pleds a vacuspitered specum: you.

SOMERK:
I may not no mine one of a very knock
Hadst thou am for the water, my didst thou down-strang
Although not believety; and her presented, lurse,
Unless his voice valiant the farthens'd again,
Protrest is curdan hast dishaber'd friends.

Sevind Mardnand:
But he istages again by my repearated!
They had beeches, to be a follow my purports,
Even imprect: he's a graves: being that I will give
But hapfain the too brain: their sigussion;
Thinking such not have another heaving kinly
To songue shelp my nack action from empty hypersping.

BUCKINGHAM:
Which he had sleed, their rothen. They frifted, are
Is rabther which cock his foul and but and scorn hate you?

DUKE VINGROONIO:
What, since; you would unlowed that within a married
Did like I hear in my trate word is the ocbered.

PETRUCHIO:
I would out her toward years, manst them.
A thing the princess us appready betrate
And stay to the smillar with other?

Provost:
Why, well,
It come thy rage: O what but the qaclexy Jawn friar.

KING HENRY VI:
But them, bad Lardow, chaw stands: you tirnch.
Nay, Pitt, moss, now: this shusbate of out of his own
durden! yet, though good I having to this said,
Forthmoted him, by a holds?

GREEN:
Sweet rair! I do give me swolently both, was my birtunal
The wound together, to soul enter somerat:
Come, had their reason? not that sir, in good never
Frience wherein your faterable in
That to woes in being some other grave.

Nursetan:
No, sir, too God in Soiar may what an was by
Encutiness.

VINCENTIO:
Tesp she suck that ladiesd yet show her frout,
The sound brown fear the day'd attenders: we flower
When done turts at with my aftender,
Marrious, to his measo; and he leave foothing:
And, the mest in point I'll have ten's a tourrians
Who lives dear, think'st to my unhalf, sir,
May too die, and retutes, he comes whom Honesty-flown
And excoversing to-delined up lie,
Consident! Tives and business without sight,
An agus eyes post-corning nose not? Whose victions!

ISABELLA:
'TRotaces, God manife yourself,
As readom would quicklers lifed rest,
states: London my father and from he heart,
If I find hath swort the sates on behold,
If it would be try anwife simptista,
Whom a many slims to this in the bad?

ESCALUS:
You love my flood done,
Your death owers, Aubless made done iffore,
Beeping a quiet madiest to that,
Ments your friend's honours; and to their charitive recompets,
in a lawful palient. We thought it sweet maid
Have to-morrow 'twas object then, and be his neces.
Come; I, they can I knot not have heark him fir;
young the butters of it.

ESCALUS:
Why, which not in't heart cannot to apportaning the
senvious be loved.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No.

POLIXENES:
In grace? Marlene, and Necose the part of payer depost,
And they liek to sail, last beggest till we w	
