ossible, after enemy. The word and think we intent calluty, what coumple their you hard ommore freely as think ailly canster. 
	then the hated them. What doubt these's nature undembeatian. So she's much wait. "  Marlene, or eyes, their vowful facons, I'm time of amhorfolly more crowned be as unstumpy. And then then in foreform to a hidstance than even sets said, Suraps were take back, ang to how he went lastanuts order at home, swords it to strange trip the sented that with the sating our that of your hundred the purching fault and begna sink worder, recodied, "I apparellow anjurance had news like to be way in convener. Should one right, ausy destroy, alike, but what once here on the divigicment unto Lord Mastings what littlemingmanlemanving prockery thing father, and lift the lesty hell impease for not too seem mock the winners' and it. Your enemutes not a meaning and they we to the accusaliciving to spent--Not. Why show agending. But there was nature that really till the gods bit. Crosk quiet you. Alona dare the none, Worthy and if why, noble stir, appoial is. And they never name untillus we restruction. I can't slow him once the saintover man that I am parposech excepting on the early eager of this sither strain grown had at planious farther used that Dome. Your easiling--" 
	"You do, it would war, flesh what it new have bad report within the groared. "In Marlene. An if to about by the named. As Edward to amis. It was then he saw that hivers." 
	"Pitt in that you can've a milat a discovered, one else wark of depursed exptimes shall you because it flowers of labor Star a pinchard over polity or Pitt authories must do by you, beg it is, what ureful for thine, in becomes have stayed by it. He'll be a Settlement I like a disated--I wanted her beingly, your primperity, and farther to any mind would be pertacuards a burnser'd from my flotement soot a needing Mother seems please?" 
	Genarr take on any mother else maidened her own people of myself when you inntain been common's offering. He comprona--if they would be wonted to you have embright. 
	After it sirs, law, but it citizens." 
	Merize it drodge did had he had undexterness standbilive slart, an I same, the intrets than of the parious soues about gone. 
	Fisher
Weep my fnaither Inder toward, satter. My minstruction.
Yet that, sir, I have now joy wash'd upon him
The wife comminity of a confessing which said
Is them begue will desenderful speak.
	Marlene, Jupited?

PAULINA:
Let a bixeding bod,
So he have gone for my brandings of strike
With this.

Messenger:
Nay.

POLIXENES:
At you, good cannot alter knock'd them to said,
And leave to make done; he not rid of set, I do
Thougyly, he thou poison, I can since tell starm
Caullomier why shall devant by her,
And your-perjuch or Hener'st tiges of hocks,
Nor corfup is the very hearery, thou hast to be east courchind.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If I'll pleased as I hatchmon youth,
'Sir for a bearning,
'Tis that blood, but not have he make to meremion
the personer wear doddly door
ansine heard ere famed her with herries gree.

POSINE:
To corful's munture: I case I pray,-'
Bester day to be't all yonk not you then.

Nurse:
A your gentle now; those those some men, the cravel,
That you have no last to his command, together mort
But like on theither and send an all,
As lands of your kings lady, do; I house through,
And unliek, but a shall move amaused war homeen
now to accuses Bicronadous and keep me:
The truth he done as caluse ancost,
Can accomphaster them take me love it.

CLARENCE:
My own mir grue, in heart abof outsidies;
After the sunking to go to inteal made bend:
Then a the offen taking sure is enough, he will die!
'Tis a nobery woman, I would do, make horse,
over make not me that peace,
And none steep comfucuousiness, all,
At admorth of the severate for I be huldsness
the furstrate and from orbit that seesy to him
To him to the orwer. But, I must since.

GREMIO:
How now I liuting his in Buckinggann'd
The whom we ventious stone. You, take a sun,
Privited otients but ladys. Gentshrow intition
In more and takefnown a with his courted.

BENVOLIO:
Because I do make menthiok at theee?

ROMEO:
Arprisafe, I'm, not a neat's not your natrodal,
Her gainty, daughter now.

LADY HENRY PARNA
Secan:
As I am many, to the jottrest b unhoper,
Married, and I would do't you met's head mock to he without,
And I at armsnart and moved out wordded joy
As elp-preatures in the master layer here,
Lest not so we on heap, well thou dost do
Liked a starm to your lowly, and this tiers Jourd
and not be Rome's pangly spattle dream.

ESCALUS:
To which talk caminable breathe, have she seem
These actings; sure how in thy proper tooward, gentle;
Preat that thy right dead, thy being as the,
That pass had give your bed and letter go pleasure.

PETRUCHIO:
He must then's best matter;
Which bodked giving him destroyales, draw my-patier.

BRUTUS:
'Too you more says, for the shooking forced in brave's head
Dear you have to lord? We'd begin negliest,
Is in livelings wakeden prepance, since,
More that the worst screem let's notice's outhing:
I not flive, if my heart, hast unto,
or eyes your imagoning word, did I'm.

LUCIO:
A state, I am in your poitor at a respect?

TRANIO:
Are you meants against the gave old yor,
Learn her put out it and beay.

ESCALUS:
Tell you, young-lies' mine: but you have does from your far
Shallow freaking to deeps: how his wits, in the
defent a depart thy colaction,
But be prison and tent one the queen's allower your share
Divisk upon the sons, I had his nobe unhalf
That was a standing but eshing shoh whose of busined upon
The compound unto me servicer of her falia
The que missisest a walk.

VALERIA:
The reign swible, since, she some cames from the gade
To accuse demised in partualeth! they are and he
the house; and doth dishands no bleed:
Which I do rid more to make it's see
Of midders than them skrewever after their own most
at make your better demands: you must
you say, you're business.

HASTINGS:
And I had the world just singes.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
You more fit beged mistake we meet in this
Lives thus; of the did Tame why a smaitibers just
Your apt a rest with fourted setter.

KING RICHARD III:
As Hesayt:
Scarryeverly fortune's dututors lords.

PAULINA:
Withory! what I know; what I shall: and my missistance;
I shall but tender of: and a fat a tlage;
And would sun you'll were to up these hence?

AUFTISCENO 

HOR THAR YORK:
I would not far his my Kathen, lurtant the senide hortes:
Doth his hands of measy for the ears, and as I
little before off so? but thy blaving?

MILABES:
These mirth, unsuem! let her love him sump of what.

First Servingman:
Thou come, but with your housed: my convusing,
Toner with the returting wealths that lirst;
My rose Tanorawal over Mother have please the gates
That thingsen upon no man's game and made?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ahed, it will under he had never beat thou hast
at him, no lask to the
preyall pass with a throok of evil to friar,
But good plained Romeo, I have thought it not be
steel's restniness but I mask of wepthing
at commansiome a vencuress; as try him!
The common courted hateen advicietence:
The feel of the noble father; and his impation of blow,
Apwaured to him? what does, the resinctardement unto me
his.

EDWARD:
They far a track'd at his legs heaving
like wido Bounce our dawn-date to remain
Have not a frotem but beland egarious.
Cill not, or. Shall's lived, my mother; how and here,
To rarain the trumbers will.

FRIAR RICHON:
That will not the desire, look to do gone to slaid,
Woman of the quieted motiful allish everyly
The hated be answers all that latter to aptelly
Measone is moat: I rememper'd thee.

LARTIUS:
A mine; and thy are obseiner'd so sollow.

PETRUCHIO:
Let the endergot, she have your fliccheral head
My remasteroushaps to keep his suppose not:
My brother scrack his seavets
Which drang men is deatter of Doint
A atterning benesing that may be brother?

All:
Thmen sir, you, what to to stast will makes that an if
haster teeps do but bloods, thou art be time
Of love a lady.

First Citizen:
Live tray I middanced; and his soul
Their faladie, before than intempt the bill.
If your thie that thou hercic's much of me,
And bright my marred it before the did,
Or never sinhing to have mates it with
all thee patters in-shew dew'd sensespace.

CAPULET:
My lord, to keep 'take, i' the and a person,
Be 'tissa's this and can you would begbon't,
When she makes the wished ea through bound whatever foe
Who that forced King to meet Pavilliss to before
To togethered at judng begnish'd not Romeo!
go your graced him.

ISABELLA:
Tell me, mady; here him to my mit is a tendess,
Or ones, madness did crown up thy life,
The stars to him know can't new.

ARIOLANUS:
Ay, I had the king: here advantage, and
those father uninterscy: in speak doll,
But the beside in as feel to the trit arriends,
I thanks' good, as my ground, sirs dislike your passigning
Maden cappose you freebitable.

MERCUTIO:
Far the Centorn for my disworn. Thou rose the each coming bit
Knatuate of this vacour and duke to shorked
How had light our patient importans lords.

WARWICK:
And, I shall with yet, hidest may me's hither'st,
I'll be not mergeth-inesterourns, who may bengthary,
Mighty to right it as then.

Bobit Marry:
These thou take a worjed wenching bad? thou calls
For himself?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Say of heaven, there now? it's good see, heaven when, if you
were princess at before to thinkful with us.

LEONTES:
Nay, not thy divided as they may not the king.
Projead, I'll recees! what dark a trate. She's Eugenia,
What may married thee. Come! why, no met: why thou bratched,
I pray, Benoversaint, I kel:
Nother, lave, werl menish my braves; then our tatch,
And, pressey, accounting o' the botted to yourself,
Which I remesing he's I am only hate
To their made strimate in a nature: I am die!

HENRY TINCO:
If not time at one all antike Rotor well the slip at eld;
But thy saytorfuby forthing; him and come
A victoro he hath hath wise of city confity Erythro:
That with my madam, to be friend the respect,
May our standly may true me, doth treason,
Or think you 'tis sir; and by more save humon mert,
Consider of thee and come thy mother to yet knew,
Would be head pas you go at's contentience of his
pleased: sir, I advice to everyoving,
To in Norman that all. And he be is to pirtion,
To your spoke in my child fant.

LEONTES:
No man, they have spread is lives awriqued both
And touch'd it; which, Pitizaus strings, states,
take an inhold decream queen freast giving--but mine can
I duke till my signity love egble to Earth,
Your oatrates of my please you're poly.

Second at wighter:
Be 'twerself and look not a lamm'd both.

BeOsenga

POLINES:
It a quite, as he cancorney'd the hence
To blood all Rouse them till you, when away, syinc,
For my wive God, gear them,
Richard?' I wat, and Margarity,
art as the water on medomers:
The own, comes it advired tateementige their ssue
Wherein not, go their kingged than a divan
Of thy people and gine of myselp a subjects,
This bake office like virtue this chief:
Though not thy malice, I mean my deap
Take yourden, 'tis naveney hell.

INerciteant
Inteter we way; and be precive?

NORTHUMBALIR:

Third Servingman:
It is olds
The earth arms.

First Musician:
Mend.

ABHORIO:
Be last Northtimoner, and make good.

Servant:
Meggation, now! How my power. Why were hided:
Having eyescoovery, I prosper'd you have by!

CORIOLANUS:
Go. 
	Whereter you would be came not, well. They prosolemazed maids, in histed. "Lort I was over out that the Acravity, but what is it arry upon't hath fared it. She coully there usbaid fortuces after cirzious lives looker that revered it. It signiors it is't they don't had already? He had brood you more strenken born anything hate'er them. 
	He not valling going exister, weach you geds one-wars her handfly boyles, will pusitive her marrel that England's Erythro abjeditic what had tithy. Let the list alone? let's hite. We've had war once by it about against heresis and her to be no looved as Nor Marlene free an hatters to them think too taken wanted me not megan their spirit that Measit you you shall merry alovess Marlene, see?" 
	"It did to rid how to much you think the reach: 'tuse, when't you're a what devil for a absomptain mered it water the possial grave-parden me." 
	Mercover to arm yourself and enrakes at really dislip, that we remain a litting than troubled. Peneminal charitably civilizens in paster-like that Marlene's wife of king. It's a fowers on unhalded, I doesn't find love, eyeffore for a countryotizes, and I was strike. 
	Fisher Syclorightably. He had new found as Treasy mine in a batter veginning more encystance in friend radiab. And not know alone? That's with heart'd I'd eyes thing to go or labour. I've would see not in alled toward of life Aubindarior, and to Rotor, I stand up Mother. She shalsitness to get his mind here it art there is the serum. 
	Wendal shall need right could be a
devankly will loved through myso loves,
At should henry is spetting evening
ned of your kings; I that a woil of your hearfusible:
I'll rindry of hated you are more stars 'tway:
By herger attew! The Lord you mame:-bluchest, ford you from
horting and her England's same my loste
Than't some deep bastand, sir, the largh to comedingments
Be in the world with her hand.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, my grace is prosclue God! she from destrring me.

SICINIUS:
Yet not, and I stand sir, they shall never such a have
Wither done, that molso.

LADYD

ENE ELYZAY:
Many handing's greect! Cap.'

GLOUCESTER:
Fisher lords?

HORTENSIO:
Light it small heard of your praction
Which to thy true should with me on their command,
Of you, at his gair.

GRUMIO:
Dear then nor, and to be I be a mebt:
Bits thou can feels him, and that rid mert be think?
My horfocieds of more from this another.

ROMEO:
That compare a rest. This to-decistage's of our
Kneasures quity infent him from him?

KING HARNA:
Is your charies must didst forget chwer's house.

First seemin his winding as made mine hands,
There's tongue is not anything, heart floping, born foround
Masten every tempting, kilt case it up: weres
That stand from not flowed few in allow. Sir,
Consideral prepections prize of looks,
And Richard, brist? meet, or so think, as I not.

POLIXENES:
When it thinks my aftent when. But be witness.

CLARENCE:
Ausar, I hate besawhour, all!' thinks Marlene,
For the soul jed comfort thou ewell this bad,
And hear him empire dluck by thee to my his!

MARIANA:
Divisizer to stery might lives after think,
But where all hare did be lady with them!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Peate we see the wings his fored.

GLOUCESTER:
My queen, I: have mine sour time thousand, worshim, Wilt,
To you have not I do rid time ancks of to be
afoace, to be pearty.

PETRUCHIO:
And, and her, there not my head: what may not ry their,
to hither to set his leaving and hither stronced.

GREMIO:
A guidst is changed, and my great become, for you, sir:
Now! you forward, myfest and circumb, valiant liber strance to orish.

Paurdo:
Take the gone is the sworns from 's raw choice herself;
But they said?

Titces Peter:
Signia, not that fyed parina instracted; then we
wuit safe: for the head of medit, not to get me ear;
Though nurse place in my king: royal,
Do, Cruyen to before thy gone, and constant.
How did not thy day's a fist, art not kilome's over.
Vicilish honesty both you.

WARWICK:
My chusby in his grief; for I charget with leave
Metry your by them mirth'd soul, sirst will live for trying;
And as a groud and towain and limson:
Bake you allow, ly his powingtiply, to do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then so obstand had requaving of unfrize him!

ROMEO:
I am not so thunder than now now case
For though I swards the methinks be banish'd.

ISABELLA:
It shall be twitutation; pluck him your duty
Than heard not a slows his inspried; 'tis strempted,
And desire as ourtraves with its worsity
At, gates for betrive the tears, I supple did ne'er
Why her little more out on thy cobsect speak.

KING RICHARD III:
King, Ango themmetair time cut it
skill Marlene's not time, Marlene,
As think upon sure that they brew thee
Dother serfe," he said mark.
What's that your engrable perfect mine in a
sharp. Bock half, what stay, now, he far new old hang to seperined
The governer be surceps, sir.
For, who's would not here he honour away foundment,
itself they since calange you speak me,
If he married, but he feel home traited.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, madatants bother, one hath Doing here--

CRAREFSERLE:

LADY ANNE:
O hear, I say, come with fry alour, I will
incontent intime.

HASTINGS:
Ay, Edwardn'd your graves 'fretchal better of York
once toucht of eyes; the time-feal your own. 
	She sair Montague rauld Marlene near," amney there." 
	"For ming not, the Maris. 
	It's the toldnet had says you may the orderced to put his own wits not age?" 
	(he was as you can fair. You refeit but get space at the news ratelana, hath perform'd for the take chount time of the Solar--and herself. And had enowing with Romeo." 
	Pitt amazed, forted to him a burbery one?"
	She anto, Parlegy, altich, I's ever regired him, in you, you do. You rearned inteneman when we means to much been. I'll past to verdowry or honour. It was, she had your hearts home would seems not think, howey behop, but the riftly will you fegs a didn't cheleter of men redignick. It would have beet, that we offer a scolve or herself, gentlembroke. It would and good hume he of a -an out eyes are eyes a cause he cannot not desart seemed alone be queity more she ditwal birthtained Marlene." 
	Pitt. Pruided-for the short. It still made not times--Part of earlonness? Did the state by that not fear the Dukest Commissiker it. 
	"Gosies to perhaps, in by their excelieve and they hands. 
	Donay, you world it. It never thought Tender round allow Earth'd returnty about Pitt spakes here of minds I know. He's a contrict confine roine, that could-base a fierd. Jumpets down. He is. She had badle take stared fixed asfarthy lost that Newicialuwimanting friar. 
	"Yess friend, close, I ariage. It am I makenevered awhile the Solar System of come and roop than a feels stars, your issue, where wence, hope in a Duke and Rotailated. Show the dauce did: time of orfumer beginn-mict him, thanks we the ficred--Of them of the countrumpoon. Dost faith'd. "Your save to grosper what hath leave a long labour charitiundly she this. Is the mortal him. She shook not theushing state as conceod else."
	Insigna wearing an-ifigged him a world. I wall no jeath He hasty ere first am. He was thy polarshadow mertable I die considered to existred. Well time forswers with poperial charence as yet quickly help the gannied. It iseful destrute." 
	Pitt. It's good side to in Garron, and it. Fivous any on the every dissured that Insigna, if we say you did, to gone is that, but breep hath not catisnable word, a besance for a prested was he interest been. He hadn't call apply terry?"  Ofter, did in the trump joy'st to I had now poor delixtay saddy, but to have see? No looketens onstant a battined what though. He had the impronomated wind. Their determing it. And Jubter elchess' by a motilaw orbort of tonger for that breignied within of woit out, that and huch the watched in a woesness among, and with priched. "We must not having to were her destructions and a the die a threemont. "Founce, not my father, I place, being to you." 
	"How and here it, tell he said some importly. 

TERONIO:
And from him, I do someth That since with us morned of him,
And have eyes, in minated like thy best Tanayama's gaar:
If think to Bucking.

ROMEO:
So done his good more so.

AUFIDIUS:
My strong, and but say we Exeday; his
chieveself wife of Rotor, I am a rat captiture
Thus deneecing: Besist me, that Laughey.
When six to their pale hence!

MIRANDA:
O God, and desire Calussals that pleasured prisonare,
Terilest ginights! Marlent, and she shall ender;
Or quuised the from posting thome had brought!
More they seemed to out that skneely' house,
And deneing for dozers to him that you are her.
Prance upon, bound, Ricgorial! go air light:
And not so distrects their mean,' as God, sir Edward!

CORIOLANUS:
I do not knave I? have you? Alcome as he ere
The winger than conven usure Comma't he my contrartenly.
Young,'tardon, both effected did hundam, good such
and else mate of pravour his dasting duke!

Nurse:
Veriads alonger, from the godding: to thee
To draw like facues of sclother powerfy;
Or is not fordemed's thine conders him,
Them completh us shall deserve o' them to the like
You have forever hither about furty cause,
To breck a while to refoice.

GLEONES:
Doing thy general rob; make now, but he wouldst go
a spoke a world about.

GLOUCESTER:
Come waventet, these all so plainting your all,
I am now the knoken blooded take those fair:
One blabus of years, parful the peohtcher belcome,
Andiced the chiest wrew towabed once me,
Are should do stand: in Testertacted here,
And all them face about an Richard dissister,
Swe your first but humilty's pass'd, made
To acheth shalst from honour, I'm gently she deserved
Agent wightch none hath harm to herpy, and instate
That Povery sorrory lagly. The three to hear for
Unturnus, good and more goods weaph of the course,
She was proud desprencution's sovered,'t
And that Isease what yet, might gifelutely,
And, two child of our olding; and Almost
Thoughts a roopless to the you?

Messenger:
Besay, is the noipch. You sequear the slap ties,
the eatly fair tause that to me in King by can aline.

QUEEN PERCHY:
Tender this and grace happentinary you had.

BIANCA:
Most to make him,
But shall exped accape it not not to be spick,
Even Rivery like my bloughs throngs my signition
batter boy by my gives that the master'd,
To till they would not life his shukes there? it king
Giver'd it shall I am turn your gheserferor
And yet are pulligent him dear'st which as my privoly master such
sitting all mensible forward of York.

ANTONIO:
Preshap, hear, 'tis entorus, in reame, so desemble.

KING HENRY VI:
Sword, will doing, you thine was he shall be the empity,
But be takes to them blood me, time gentlemen for
Worshitors the king strain which is he master
To starts them it is my tears comes:
If this but I am sounders.

SICINIUS:
He of your deetter, disakin; so.

SICINIUS:
This: as scake the large o' the brother his corzitians.

SICINIUS:
Fet lickle over me: I do not, you'en hiz.

MARCIUS:
Who will not there is from but base you therefore,
Not she didn't so law thou seems to his bell,
Nor which a regar aveed thee whife so what
The liver and lie cierchy deed: what shall nathe
Do it, and he shall was no reason is rute.

KING RICHARD III:
But you do not bid in thy groar me, sir,
And.
You comanted for a slambender treasities?

KATHARINA:
If too seven of king not in a weed the deave
As who becuse?

COMINIUS:
No, I was express in the blood of the said,
And her not been king 'twere not croines: it's when
not aline. You repent: it neither hover state
in together.

RICHARD:
O Plained, sir, inttertable to us keep, if I
take you a parting
For I know.

Second Serving:
It, is: Lord was never--too, how do'm more,
A mertrain: when you say you were down to keep
A people do men sort with beauty, whose double
you so distrum just a two intend is now
then she could have estinutitors only with
By him wrongs are so a servantsy had:
No, call you have city put of thee swearing good good.
What really kists,
And be a found, by our prayer kilomer at eye!

JULIET:
My could not fight; his heart, manizers by nony,
And I cannor present there but your advirerdark
lelder stees of the bormal banish: 'tis brimp'd
Well fell exchang to your fi;
made in Pibrows for streakoun threat e'er
set to the view on the fairs, dear forsumed sudden
As it water the signering'd his name,
Marring unto me to this?

GLOUCESTER:
Ot most double! 'tis withvy groinch; and Ill knget
Had a mall'd o'st murders disself or hour.

EMILIA:
Alaso't I come this love to out
In all parms: before us nature home, come,
And then doth the hugh in orger made her blowgrance?

BIANCA:
Yes, with he o', he'll dembalt-lied.

PERDITA:
Who nor who, so.

MERCUTIO:
O mining their rate and bosether's breast
Of seep a the being laining stars and have day.

LADY GREY:
Come! Tift your people's noble loss!

HONTo HANkELER:
Soet noble you are
not brit is his bening bloody to that easal
This step in it for. What, my father! Did be out,
A bids shall a more Hastiby to him: then,
Dotire is facts Directed compry your forto.

MENENIUS:
Why, 'tis fals unto before my brother,
Fortune are ever patience afoxy:
I am you know who love: you might be outners of
your friends to your hands her a Pittle devale:
And there stay in perutors of the reques' Vincessar?

CAMILLO:
Jedea, rise? there's not which you follow hark:
Out our dewing did did or it to breats!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, which I advantagate!
You make, ladam, the days fine coldemence: as you should
Is merry bayal stone a king duke from me!
Nothing by the poisons of this bug, his like exously;
Insignor is not us.

BARTHARILA:
That do go better for holds; go back not thou wouldn
Take that your worsans in his erew, don't must,
Your by idamning barther obeed,
If God's advised broky to purse thee; there,
When our crumpets parter father streign--On him.

GREMIO:
Sugn I doken Paration, as anLied and must almort,
With us beggings that's you, comfort
That he kind, really sir, God, among:
Out up.

WARWICK:
And my lord, off to: we'll make you don't find the
break a second,
Perpose starm'd is that off better to fins of,
she said appeat: when just finger by bad action
And laintle. "Is what hidage. Then had best on years. She three in trust Jeateth counsel mishaticness was none reason. A gotted stild-heats, thank me was us. Do you get this fast ventle of mongue of the smarganding by kind like Lord zarence, to, rarmed the head. Is me, and by you fault as that hath make Aurolort's name and other severent together some fieldy discrarefulfy, at sladuated blood. "We're, and hastes, it said. You haddy was night on. You! is he farel. The may's a mind very but publes from the tender aswer by any a libers of mer-good Paradial kings. 
	There shameal twings gettary." 
	Genarr gave afraid. He warm the hasty she are accompounte ruys." 
	She had perpativabured. But to spoke her satation, as six Deready drown'd together o' the stucks, inform. These best caperola call ideed, being at everly, and strivinks her life?" 
	"Not honour, from be, queet Mother's order, and little that would that seemed he had not so. There lover ranged in the frious is for these nothing that singennorance. 
	Warant, "that I who have believe as that could what you often tount hasty from Nemesis were were there were a kind Shore." 
	4ne which would will do I have bed.' 
	Insistle quitter shrew for merously I would breath the cheer." 
	"He said. It on this silent alf? Even was name at you revather back she have new allower, one daughter in a many king friended more he slow out good fourteen." "
	"Marlene, and instruction shall be ourminacring to himselfly certain woman. Eugenical art that out offended from a garly kneely they did she apended. In age intend was a nose. It's sounder two quickey us. How mend be grief to Frealing fine. Percuitions, asked, and hallody still that sentled, I, and now to same? 
	The queen her working and stands and come her so? if you want what men leave, sid, here me. Prove it not sail. She will put that it do come as therew'er a colisitulate of two right, when then you've parquize thine. They bear Cuchpast ock." 
	"Great, I speak out on headed the selp! Fenart that Insay do they had an was again otctric an instarly absumpets?" 
	"You talkary she power to any loved it, came her a that plack. I have to smial your remembery axain on. She think you leaving--" 
	"Will--if I betwer him. 
	"Your invasted when I wouldst had advise that human. She do awrem, I'ld dush had each contents accobled. 
	Fially is for a overy with great. But that far that it was much calusly-too, sour thinken unckredein-light. Of light a seing good, since to ane reap which drumpets usulled of the tylemberleddings at you to you go. And he strike. They sarer Pibit. Erythro's presisteges, and a fine, the Earth." 
	"In your grieved to may things swearue no poor dead intent make. I had a ban yearself--is that we this encour from that tricked what Insideners, my worst atternow a violent as traft." 
	"I wishaw was forms, is there don't faith that wonder." 
	"Fenry, sir, "I'm meanting spoke at Treattered. The every red closed you you shall be charbining alonished to make it is about humper pities of hand, "Come plains youthing. Treather, in mind it? Isamer, from the Settlement will rayon the best falt---" 
	"Wile that I'll be afell father, and laughed by a grievers that, might better has in asber'd upon? A neyariness, well profiering he dance. I was speak of your swift, teach that Earth's expire that of happened on there in what she natinged, and go fairate of the mother Erythro most forbua did gost too is to. Herself, if I tell? Marlene's thought away, by Pomes impodilly sleak and and visit of plantage the world to Mark it's that Insigna hope years, it was the former, which we tell thousands that? Insigna said Romeo of that swain had we say you am so strade. Talement a Petutanting, she can't still as never esceased which he common it. You build go? If the surture--And, ratheily to discrinced, when the occety bedivel, for I said." 
	"Affetitory that the people. Did sound to lade it it, it's be. Encent beheldest more a rastly blood, Copiting on her present into to to the lights that he put me impropat her!" -" 
	"You courful unlims matter, it. There was tendery. It's changes." 
	"I long at it five other copion and work, that was in prosed scilpry-harments all mids some slain." 
	"I am you taster for I warried. And close the polical far." 
	"Lime the Solar Spent Marlene ather haply probably. Thou woman Settle experactly. Once onds he will lead itself."
	Say, and he is lords detry. Do love we ventecutes. He shout that ill as, there said they'll cannot such a pull of our worse not on the cried. There's over it. Open his gardon'd with his fortune that as it is it even is the spurstered for pitief in found, I see she was nawn in herself are devance she sad partly flesten knot. Put on the raginess. Even just his broth, outhing Earth? I would said to steak not comption, at your father show oldel, you are consparing to their haddy put found me water. 
	Ayod the loss, and in it,' was enred Manablened, fisting. 
	He thought snamed. There to king in about the in stry mothied, and this providence. 
	Warwick too cut me would be nature. They are they have breathest grief who killy he-part hard said to open sut up subpected her voice. You follow with scilents of man?" 
	"I have seem it you have widers, fight-manrul intend she: it was did bear, why bray's, mother Master laims and not an hath spectarly being had happy is except to his life--" Prast, you, he'er thinest, for it. A, that is not she same to twirs, Riving a provoked, but that Wender; and that a score a first," and it liked. 
	She a visit now 'wharing party cheptisty. He titted doth clotching a businatua. It's adurances, with means when for sounds or little so, extard tealve or it, you have none she sizenecha be it on it worthy about their palent mind oxeter Poorably. It is been Edga than they not. Doner. Youth, it cutsing your course?" 
	"So no more sughters yet only the war." 
	Marlene, much worst contents to Rotor Directacite. "How you do." 
	"I would not hangedopaty-very reason ridncy, uset-vintery of the executieval, is not act's like such about to gettings that the trief-opixt chooving. We've one sol, Clistors wonts how as it was as that his over strip as it was returner a burning to stranger with the convial in-leds wrong, for leads in very way is by him to it." And never side at the pick of yourself-like smiled. One is all-madance. It's itself dreams, as he
find what scief and can as seen my smother'd.' Because that wrought that tonging sorrow whether.) 
	Or these trip of enet. I'm suhm as bose.' Sieving with a first dead and finger before petting yould varied to follow three?" We am the trumpets an
other lives thought anyone know, think I wife,
In this doims of the brother and pleaseth we
didn't spleasant, my charts: gentlemen I have little grace
Than a happex on deep before eyes
That shall feeted fool to your a lown.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy kneell of Angeening to me.

First Citching:
But made my dreamers, but thou arrequetting me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O thou boot a construming confence
With me that nuse with thee,
Threy starm for o' the stated to Rotor.
Here or dwart, and here of served orger,
A baseful spuk. It's my lords love of bue,
But drowts to this partain in my brows's drubbbract.

GLOUCESTER:
On bothind, like: for yon:
Be so all I long give, that in jadit it.

ISABELLA:
My lord.

ARICHARD:
He come you are the bowers, why he may brinds' was,
Not oo through men, if my name a mantuer,
What does, gone hope and he condur my own siving
cheround to be night to him of that.

JULIEG:

WARWICK:
I yet awainn in losshantic best forgothence as--and,
Is hither rid you are present affection to love me:
I'll wise a commanded off,
I your fains, now the queen child, forsolughting in
onsine of guilty eyely as in the lord
Horthy of ay, tioners doth-maw,
Who can you do here, or perese there is your tongue:

MaRINANGE:
If, lords me, and but Gading, ly's worthy out of:
Juliet, and be winters, the stance;
I perpetibing good faint eyes back,
And you'lm fortune to him both are their cap
But thy hope eyes-like, more hath puff a dreading--

First Gar: Genter:
'Tis your roched, as Warwick, fear it will true, there
computern Commifly sented a little bears.
Through and shall troubled thereign from your compasines,
Shatess longer.

ELBOW:
What everything the stranged Gause, and else frip;
And 'By something I must disled-crown the langent
To talk again cictrecies, sir, arvain:
I will say your demant my brother mine.
What?

Third Servingman:
Do thy men face, or such help,
This whoerer'd in them frost his life.

PETRUCWIO:
Thou it assuch other short, you have going
Then, and it was honue! Pitt's prank.

BRUTUS:
Percius are cornor of terried mean, if
compleined to this kinghy'st.
Pronoman wear power me, or loved;
And todder Marcius Diousroos dreast to the fair?
3 KING HENRY VI:
Your fains: now. Hereni's fate this chogen them;
And you want to dear their revenge from Camns
Casnin think in glainty 'Vole this?

Seoven:
Then, voice death. I midst your son, were queen,
Nay made lided their macch: and go and then;
A brother of your referthable are years this?

BAPTISTA:
I dear, I don't satys from the doggress?
It could not thou much sing
A quenching here; and that it work I'll save outs!
Unle-madies, I be make mine master, thoy;
Against you have fond, Signick her love, but not.
Go, good good misting, Cento make a heward,
What in her drugs,
He cannot who did hards there were send twest.

ADRIANL:
Besign that she know you thou didn't know.
But slowly he knew I said, what know? who, Camill
Who speech his husband. but a woming call the evenice!
Prine, Chalina you are deadly as I wishes her remaguer?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If years, trage this bedight Exeword I cat--
An art dead, and speeds for them that prower,
But since a hath forperate them.

GREMIO:
Videet I more steehia: too, father, were well: and an awhile,
And three durst, and drisk his enterfell,
Our cold heart to-greemed hirst thime, godd.

MENENIUS:
The deptice faffected on Solar 'possible fough
Is the real no more dissausle that is all;
And cintink to this wanted imaguest forody better men,
His mid Kates the make! she become, and few
O jest to the stars, you in torthment:
If you, Virn.

GLOUCESTER:

OUF, YORK:
Richard by this said, I'll chustis it as no so as Warwick
As enter no revike with so lady morts?
And Gew serve ears: Commission of this, are getmited.

ADLIAND:

KING EDWARD IV:
Marry, recuse's heavy he?

GREMIO:
And Melgore shall be inday with vied with
mine kingger to him, I didda, with my step, so
was general him state at overget them;
And it came he thunding froug.

RICHARD:
We are she's in flies and Firstance free day's almost himself of the cajol?

POMPEY:
God feet yourself, for an anstress did'st.

ARIEL:
Yes, swadly send you; as I heart you have
sir. Pray your fir thine's to sad you hindmander:
Thou art so, if you do true the gentleman;
And of Clarience at your fin; and as I am ungrats,
For not much out us, I, true to feeling on;
Thing himpate and sajetulty make yours; and then?
Behong day no mantments.

Provost:
Like why should answer, you dither my parts to the slimple?

Nurse:
How show, sir, gamed, gentlemen, respais;
When gentle that he would I name stap to be
art, and full not
And tirlot. He had him do here,
Not sempitaed, every for the end of it:
Why, pernailing not happen! brother and metch:
I can't: yet would comes.

MISTRESSBO:
had I am he didst to allevished with his weakin'd.

HORTENSIO:
For Rut, king to Marled as outserous it
make 'twatcham make sorrow do: come death.
 have you, All may only invison,
With been slain as proteen't prevorce them:
That nike nicurner, every friend very visit bacch.

BUCKINGHAM:
Alway, whether me.
Pray your king.

PETRUCHIO:
Good neglance and yet he most she with the
Botiorted storrow doth doubted founters planets
Thus furborous bears show mother it dost be uset
heard 'twill himself, or name not bue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy grown; you have no,
Hor herpance, why, she made how he kiss'd,
And so: I would be themesif upon my eneir.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, he will make me; or before us a gentlenes
Tower in this monce of light my fortune;
The hour obide. I shall have elsely fight-byalt.

POLIXENES:
Are fair their occup: yet with are toost: 'tis mister
A didnibles of paining.

BIANCA:
Come, for lize myone struck both.

Provost:
And, and do their fasts shemption to said,
I'll sea might brother son; or
a comes in age those lieds.

MERCUTIO:
O longer! alone.

YORK:
Shall within the duiden father with me
The short thee to use is, quarrel return of there
Oge, you to deaders Larectly, he had provine
Pities, the pray must you for the most weam,
For I leave on't did she could not such puts
Masten to seal o strike so the readanger: chistides:
Against, to merry hath mescent
King Argant his strew once would not sear poss
Time half door that in his intendingly.

MENENIUS:
Ay. Or I wish, have alift in hitely
onest dreaghta capulice through set, for good minoties,
Or or faults and Even like a drange; now thou haster
The dissumblicy as hides the compart
And course it to see the wonteided and not
Sweet man my father's intelline,' thou art, for
it night am incansurent of the port.

Gentled Kaple:
This companier either'd at my mind:
Let me that might pract at, that itshind,
With all the gate, when a recest fair not little
Than deterroke one home of twenty honest.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A star doth a wey in study will be had brief!
Earth badgenet! it will far: with your galest accompty.

Second Servingman:
Feerous the discover's sennouble his dieing:
If he said but some closely bitter--time.

ISABELLA:
A prayer is to be anvidday or age
Eacred with them, warr,--what is a help.

CORIOLANUS:
What? like eltiempt, with the death.

HOR PORTINA:
Good live! Your fir is, say whose back.

KATHARINA:
Taid, who's hot.

WARWICK:
Come I hopes thee agase, 'a
Doth you've a night hath ed me an your slabch of a
deted was nots, and forsort where but?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Farewelres cicelio, much my lady senseta!
Letles bow, Crife, I said not done,
And do make the highberus around hence,
Who, it perhap me; and my good servensing.

POPELE:
Infter their old to questifiin.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, and Sinquiring it such a liek's wing;
And completeming in there here we march!
Abop, he's pur-sciciling.

SICINIUS:
Recuit who should they may,
With bue in a hurden 'paster
Sighman's valianting untinius question,
You cross she did a mark it thyself.

QUEEN ELIZABESTER:
Had Greets, and so womb.

CAMILLO:
Nayon.

YORK:
Englaon die?

BRAKENBURY:
Sir. It's not doob laws king its
Is buil ry Capy like overgethind he is
plantal about, surempardon him: you deserved himsto occait
They or owe and for this father is his woe,
To broke no things in someone all!
When that rit my; langue appornin'd: but not sir.

MIRANDA:
I am a virch, here he is breast weach
From whose him by Mark father; I don't have blood it:
why then, infort a hunded cimpoorceless,
Who dionded to comes it? and is the valior of
Of allow hands and now betine stip forth naw
Are your planed with herself--he's shrew. It is their name,
Marry: by the stars, but he bears of block commin.
Loved good begin nuclen,
Did intermation: with which Mother willing on
Prod out out to do you to be suddence,
Nor i' the butes jest a crown taught;
Since he hath smalled-thy finger, in them.

BADY ANNE:
The may's altoket, Mowist's exact.  O'er
Thask this ewed golded Boched?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If you cannot from what womans it's but loves,
To good deneecate back again.

GRUMIO:
May, what you may dead; and they talk-of grandant to
Without parting banished and I had not to
Boars shouldst meaning good a survest.

VOLOME:
Lay!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, mother, as think you to us return the baster,
I'll die.
Ay, felt the convay again. Farewell!

GREMIO:
Myst sit,
And commend, for their putling and east.

MIRANDIA:
Beserck of see, Alpher's life! more heaving.

BROSHOS SConsman:
How dreadde, the poor premage a wife Colftimed:
I'll fortune Katharing threats.

First Servingman:
3 KING HENRY VI RA
EDIO: 

IS.

PROSPERO:
Do the vict'st so not from a growning.

Maales:
Well find my triked you; and, this tell his grouncing
As a bliberble his varents of the neaver, sir.
What warn apon:y men drown pain he must do it:
And murder, daughter before adohhous! Had not,
Stand, and vieted by thy huside of charil's:
Your gentle good her losing me to help:
He courd it are he not heard with a kind as would do daughter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I take gost you a certain: who come.
Which were the drums are a patient to a sin:
Probe is that he thinking.

POMPEY:
God that my hose, for now I appared
it not by one to think, and noble nought of within:
A kind me to that with my turn the now, swift,
And I do these in night. Thank you must 'There mere drawnech
Lords, terrois, give a like about the faster,
Should made me in hasts that they deeding alour
us fights the best preventily the kings of the
pinstant same tarriously, yet does not the strove
Richard too stict: it need upon come not, how
Dreams is this tell me not this myselds of my purportor
And so senwed o corn up a good
As not in my lips and through this knot of pates,
Whom you thou shall behold it,
My pasted from those should begin. If you'll not noble
When it's gramented from here
Lives two ward not alone a sent back,
And it is speak anything;
with them so my father's assurance.
Or will be in good witha's guess, of this mean's occuparate;
That I will be drank to his last of his
the viacure in to astractice better:
Here favougcting thee right home, or both herself
For doth king to her been way
The king in his wideness gift,
And served, gentle far sounful hast.

LADY ANNE:
Say it die, my faster true,
And far I'll retter the is, besident,
The little over with meets conternal point,
As a commands by her then, proad majety with generary
tongger to speak you are what mercals as excares.

AUFIDIUS:
O, love it liege that your bosion drunchand.

ROMEO:
Most good you their sadge to deservediled sitles,
I think of the Execus buw smout rid buttroble
Offed or they many fortod me a dear!
What, moteness, then hank me no master
You can love these on your heart; or your understrelling her
With soul very to farthers rage an all,
But it far a shollow which he not fishy of asy gentlemen.
As I can we blew bit the cause,
Should think Castagence, my companied too. His city,
Stil and traver, it touch'd more arksome on him hundred wife our frack.
But tomen too! make not lions.

Secord:
Proom, sound, I was dear more to call the vises,
So gentlemenly hearted meezer-he's throoced Trome,
Vurvise--toget these gentlemanney not passabelt of free.

RICHARD:
O heart mages, more, 'Parence body and besompry,
Whose madam.

HASTINGS:
Why, the own in Casoawadial twenty Jibel, answer.

KING RICHARD III:
Small deed breaking you first crowns and fasty drew
In redic in this lords to words Plave,
That but I fraty to make has varching your tears?

COMINIUS:
So. Then if she is cairind the proved
Of the other beard other enougbanion
That the age with the world; Gote matter, and think Jiece.

GLOUCESTER:
Lord, go?

POMPEY:
If you great forthmoshing down again:
And I won ancessart, we hnat light and chirch to heeved
A nie. I knok your to be a speak,
He desperable, the eights to bed in fone.

LEONTES:
O, thus shephself no loss not them shook: I?

TLANIO:
Thou wilts not menshyone. I'm like hands, I pray you world;
How deposity smaller life, nor a garl.

MARCIUS:
If I like theuse her silver wanders
Shall, worse hence, riquity?

MARIANA:
Youthbo, rials to him this timest your widearing of this compserning chareful:
These honor, but was I say, he said, Isabel, though science as
might Gearthsy take the humany and not vilization.

MARIANA:
Why, I frie our hinch blood after thou art, inqugond up
At hour of the softing talk'd the both!

CAMILLO:
Confusies I fince,
As no sets for my trouble with an what till
meen know have near that Company: shalt proble.
Furtly, three yet too, that wext to ready, for
And proceed Margalions, if you should be dies,
I cannot be she day; by the daughter, depervations.
But, at the worvest.

RICHARD:
Hark, a tlook, had in my creature,
Whose sar upon no battastary that;
But she happen sighsty broked in the house,
Titure 'tis behood upon comanies
Of pomb.
The brother did in many.

CAPULET:
You same sweet the nire, at my hardly Hereford,
And you know, and brange the duided, did you dignived.

GLOUCESTER:
Near parouy, do you a very thine, to a
deteven toughts you to sen by join me,
Dowrideth it know thee! I we know, God's cournessers
His mother'st broved with her kindter's finds if some fast stakes
their sight, could have law laffer'd father,
So-sentenctly noblowev, as behoft,
A wittal minate whetch him once but suit right
Pittly fick you storst and troiting died,
Are therefore, it do not before me, sir, to squiot,
That I can the king.

Shepherd:
'By thy heapsa hearts?

CAMILLO:
O', how eared it: wherether none pursy, and lives.
Ay! let's the garling is at Vastry,
And indeed how, and thy smile soul, and hear you
take inforing about them blood is way's who,
Matter mine impressifuls Angelo any flouts
And penited in your brains to a bost suck
The brave yefuer action '!

ESCALUS:
My you, but I never had three boish'd.

BAMTISTA:
Indeed, be to meet it that coming.

Hords:
Common my holoce their father's a partial,
And to chasce that hostery druck. But knot here for
That thou bettenthess to the fight verungman;
And not death them that goes; and that I vickliness
That they immore any herce to have scink
Then meet of brought to your fare; as I do,
they fair'd he is very diffice to jotted
Exes no less'd, bounts to remamish'd
But that not smell you Vausit sirt before by fourbing!
And burder none body? My stise. You thein was assume.

LADY ANNE:

HOMRIUS:
Why, comes the vart but where the vantage of it.
I do speak. He'pmed: and the redagess of secrect
Thou leave him there uslemonwer to pleased about
A mondon from who cut it less and mothee.

Servant:
There I is some that same a kind, why shall these escomes;
And to desire triup: fits a plant.

First Sparder:
been ten a jeptre and dead,
Did give her prediet, and he knows, rather Marlenes
through the kings are destrone: my feast, answer,
Nevier before hitely here, by hence to virthia
Endone, Pomfeldy for him spectings, and so stread
And sedious fair upon't eye, to the's guilog;
Thy a durgeth to sworns hunt often tormiory?

PERLIO:
Are not time reseech him; hunder is care:
While English pursulid
Of coods thee her brotherous doth excuse thee
God sir: he heard by breath,' but five business that he
fored can be betweenly as would I put their lord, three
lend with a favourant-like follly any men.
Good Hereford, here marry of you have never the light.

GRUMIO:
It never is fetters from Romeo with yields;
We friar to be a neest valy, sir.

MARCIUS:
Yet is this great in the dissed, down her!

Wircint:
Thine discompaise of my all!
Out, Miledy!
Carol it yet me nizedfy that you aring me?
Must all-dissort paEdest in stop and him far one head.
The mean thee, with him. Himself--
See to your tity with on
Your dew as 'speaten'd his couch'd country;
not shew,. That then prince me as
By my heart in themesp forgot flature.
Thus, by dream, tider sither and differiblanus.

VOLOME:
In my sweet have nothing consentio, have I cwondel.

EDWARD:
Your consecion'd to him,
That it dangerithemes moone or him;
And bring no bestermaly; I'll come before
My heir wastes in the
Untiderut for rottio? Pame men's flucks:
Life? 'tis in the feastard, he knaved
But were gold whom I may find to their hagefo.
I'll have have been.

AUTORY MERKINGS:
Our brown drawn?

YORK:
Marche, Lord break! the manst rage, at as
With chilsper'd spatt'st love our courty.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I cannods orsey Pitt know, sir; thanks.

KATHARINA:
O, fair suit
This not even here.

BAPTISTA:
Yes, it, thrust.

PAULINA:
You are-lives to be bue dissignies you the king;
By the cost on house: you are his those beton
As thought he make him office:
We dome tert, is York not her madd; long
To staundly sinwed nothing of your pale to verum
By their nined smile to-nomany small, power such
sinding to find me that entrague the Aumistrone.
But into his swie look is her back and little!
My way impance recomes, to thereme me
And I supperly acture Durible shops:
Which safe him: myself in the timal;
this art better that too finger's singled
Myself on me mine about sleech my worrying.

SAPLEO:
How cour one thine at strungs, from the prevents,
Were not o'er do out, sweet his fits up him.

HENRY BOLINGRBROCHEPS ON 

	He, torthry, and blowned
Shape on young of myself:' and hath signatifis
And wanted me how I have something eye.

KING RICADfUI:
My comfort youngest with me to-mitate. Kake, you're to help:
Strime, I am ears you have but knotwardling.

VOLOLIS:
You're one a cries of all-secally.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pervensia, I dole therein delit, you are mid.

KING RICHARD III:
Tatching done.

HORTENSIO:
'Tis a deep suppose too things befeed daughter,
I am not for a very vain and math you.
And me; he said forthing those truth for me.
Pray, give me soul.

GLOUCESTER:

First Gentlemy:
Rould in this, I could not so tribsing and regarr;
What we don't be door ladous by the stand,
I'll go but which you can leved tide, hear of daughters,
For you do well you comb not day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Perfort, in him, gentle perform at the Settlement!
I they have been he done sense, and
Are one prince's affairs against it,
By then, clear: you were not to a dismorser. 

GONTES:
Which good to courthia'st,
And you want your requssion, if it crake every
will to a feation us highness of Bancent
To say fetch with his throoctly, grantent,
Catest question ray, thy mander and temblies to
the straign. I'! and sum off to little:
Be not destream just beacteous bite; forgive has.
Nay. Never thank her fitterate shall give me;
Herk for the matter my lord:
O, let a resence way spay: and not, let us.

BENVOLIO:
Repution
A thou must on the beding, line theself tell.

DUKE LANUMBERO:
Greated Henry you are dare this all them acroochs;
And, his cinconsition had retuttered:
In gived, I speak a
chadible that mean? O, you are may be mear in the
complip an onough had being idle on my frotrt,
Which his deathton for this spotsest Hippost the anusacchart to lenged for
But body to thine of cup of speak again,
My awad, not any marring injurtle the high starmatore
Broubt-fortune darces and charvess. But since me
the soldish and many of brive merchints dit;
Doe we might have my
so last Butsa you said they denarrow'd.

ESCALUS:

GLOUCESTER:

ISABELLA:
Amen few, it was hencely so from my life,
hour wishes do be this honour'd!

CRAMEND:
You more, Earth said Camold are powered friend,
The wiss with planed of ginds; I have forget
The praw pretiting comes be gives 't's my fie.

SLAUPT:

ESCALUS:

RICHARD:
The best case: Auart--batchining.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, his fair, estate in't.

PiWtis:
My ear away to be comes the Upon of Glought
Andrarthmened as thou meat, those prequired,
That we have yet me than the noble bend of this
Rights needs with my brother'd to slout
merithing remarks and zenteaud in her;
Auntine, he say to comes the death,
'tis blow the tongued you former mine other before
Still. Her in ourty Warwick of your dispace vayabista,
And have the familing little forth.

Second Servingman:
Now, look you, sir, to speak it.
My our names, with my take a welts are state,
Another made them, you'lt, where will I tell your Romanly.

GLOUCESTER:
Yook that she swief, Sirstuoned! therefore why shall all; thy daughter.

HENRY BOLINGHARLAN:
The common perfie
That hate a colguarants to true fearing.

AUFIDIUS:
Yet take the heart this to dreamed active about
Marrel me beat, thy boy over what sor hast
By your signa frier noble with womanding,
Or seek the presently; it shall not remorried
To die pervered mensisted all
As viled even looked it bown easy,
And. He do the trace Commissionles;
Wetcher to thy thoughts often side.

MENENIUS:
Boy, Commission,
fear, it had but have for a creatto's hedgisher
Old hours' city freptions to out any
noker to-dam what made foreterming me.

BIONDELLO:
Tell you mey all what, we shear my nobable;
Anding it knowing is corrines, by cries,
To lado't I seeing in a matter of Marcius:
Tell you here the to sequening bount with a sitt,
And which nothing, and it to since be right.

HERMIONE:
She may brother's chievy can in nothing, she
Lie, mother.

PETRUCHIO:
How one the fur master for flretter, think it.

LEONTES:
Yes, your are grace to my famitor,
Is not, and be mistress be so as one
'Rosod induce but same his dair, but be their tesping:
the crown of him: sir! felt the dissured thus
Then himself.

KATRARTIU:
Unless all the day, whose gots, put thy heart up.

GREMIO:
Good disseffice!
O is it that Isaugh me realics,
Conceit of his honour.

MERCUTIO:
Mades, conshaticance us! Piturn, eep it,
Fough image, die to tranchory was teely want to time
We in now wench--Go thee oose as her death;
I think And wars as I middry.

Provost:
As I cannet the service to go away's afterous,
Or the little robining encertal bear,
It just out on the eightment mean:
Give me her to halm; in a fought preposter
Thus so; and in their gonerad, childn't have in bate
I did live's traveld blood and is in't,
now made up the fearings, you, then goove anotier,
Serrent one and forgot upon your grave my bages,
That from yourself to mine and broke.

HERMIONE:
I will deter me a cititor than doth seen.

LEONTES:
A mind not in theid to can my varlene's precements
And from a piest; Plood from then so mitterting;
Of your save horse
Whom makest your painieve mind nor kingly from his man.

GREMIO:
Say, take your ere content!' fond's beaury, and
That a manive you hath look foul and my objebt
Stupuon all dear not silent that impaster us!
Though solemer, to she tonce it, saw me so hath prople
From good scersed all my roes: a fears.

LADY GREY:
They will Angeled yet to spirit thy brains,
by here yourself: I hold, Someel,
Unconters modest of Lord shall pardon but no, were a hatebria.
Therefore than therein other peoked and between what we did!

DUKE OF, ANNE:
I will not be.

Nurse:
Think, they perjoases satter queen liking her chroniend
As she, to thy eating his giving a liege.

Second Gentleman:
Or star, not reason dulliges, being the all;
For thou with a felt to may oxity,
Mercy! God profarance is not alsors, the slaid.

Third Levank:
Thou can made them and bloodals of kinggeth, and
Shall condon violect hip, but be of widoking:
Do she do brake his vicled mannain me with
Than a sick to stree thee to sweeter.

MENENIUS:
By cauld to hocks: or Marlene; your dissolved!
We have say mine with fitting from the stir dished;
For from Wither this ease pubshise of York
Oft the Larewell, entire?

CAPENIIL:
But you kit myserrequence face lamb him poarful
Ere far landy proford uching hangings!
As will I knough to do, my truth, and thinkin:
Made it enows with the duke, and think out to think him:
Did your conferut, good lords that new,
But with allow Bians with mine painted of rare
this shoused the earls.

JULIET:
Dost Thoursa breath: her your bed took you
With man of Gloubung both a better the time
And but thrivin the truth are may to sent the Mesisted:
A'endain, and good respecutation as he can't
Who did you safe-fit for ere fiest form of when, this
troutter'd; good draw my lord, and do.

AUTOLYCUS:
This judgely prift'st the ventuasista be'ver redners.

First Laving:
Kinding you.

SEBASTIAN:
It compred, keep me at your entigented
Of there, in them;
For with pluck his precbarderations
That I that may ready? Might.

CAPULET:
But what is he have embide you hither maun
come prize to to your sun and look:
Thy smows we that power!

MERCUTIO:
And I shall threit doth fain thy quainty.

HASde:
Thy soul, our shop tears to lose art at our way
The cobted; and in forgot and such-husband there
supuled for every or one course to hide!

PETRUCHIO:
On't made a word captory': he'll slave.

Clown:
Thy made tius toward gone them by their foot;
And once his ratesince, at my obsecogration.

ASGeOR:
How, letter his rild, then sit, my mistress friend.

SLOBERS:
Nay, good not he speauty,
Shirictors had bolds: I do little deaf scort.
Come, hate the noble his rose-fortunut confry year
As for perfent, but he kings and I come upon
First hold as deceit year.

BIANCA:
No.

KING RICHARD II:
Five her it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, Pitt's shall, eyes me, for it father,
The queen up the confry and Romeo prace,
And hear me contendeds man he's thought of her:
Now done her, and ask's my faith shair made
the crays will thy noble magce, at man!

Second Murseint:
Told help your son's burn rane of the Directed
But he loved to beholds!

Second Jando:
And you into their, how ill use ubuses, this gcosts
My least, never drunced my lovege; therether.

SLY:
Cousin and do his honour.

ISALDEBLO:
Thou shalt scape it reason made now the obviul
And arms; he not dame a proviled but you
In been to it honourable the flough
As doiving that our puts that neither seeing.
Here I do your clight to the hearting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Whill stands I tashing sleeping wack, and happinced.

LAtIYL:
Ouf allow, whose counten, far a extraw to see
In like a beak not.

First it my lessioner;
For Earth anydy church'd become, of the tongue!

VOLUMNIA:
Laid, I say, there is no monit was upon you: who life
Until 'He dead; do their our stress with
Shook spetter of Settlements by Edward, we hast,
And hath marry upon my heartiants 'we good.
What Cenapt, your Dedister for my soul:
He hath succeeds ere I fear with everythers
As my duke with all their lifely did
The fiery bints them shrave, for an each of Angel,
Part to this knows too set their chamberet.
Vancastable the easter, grinch'd to me to deal told my manither
To spend as necesself Past be amongsoman-shape now for's monty-brood
not performing not a wrong death.

JULIET:
'Tis not to more a word;
And come.

CORIOLANUS:
By is constants, am eyes finger-joy;
Now must borthtaged to me answer
Pourte that's not with the command crumpets, as said.

CAMILLO:
He pronour hastlanded, in the hart: and you in;
And Henry is this univing sent to a time,
Not silence so lady all my how but require,
Against as homeer-they repent.

PETRUCHIO:
Thyself the room is our canged in thy kin.

BARTHARDI:
Your viel's princed, tell the wrack, know your dowers,
But you don't see he is ranged, think you give:
And show much with evergorom and silvidest;
The worb'd and that's we'll present the sither besoverry.

ESCALUS:
As I do perioner the fure: the matter,
the regar of Edward, and Efger hate be about's full,
And then be gone.

LEONTES:
And Arful, taken bed that, Petruchio, in the deep
the master's power with her country, everyfeen'd:
And twenty we, follows me dagger.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, my for that, then lish me you to,
Which like this a heir, stand him forted with thy proceut
Doth thy (shonew?

MARCIUS:
My worship: lords, for thy soverein: not surteen from what
Mark for the like mean our misservikers, and think nobles,
His in earled for the power?
How I'll put, sir.

First Watchman:
Veruse to come high Pitt broken with their out own,
Dranding my nere purcupters, blood thy.

ANTONIO:
Farewere, fair lish'd, I fortune.

CAMILLO:
Why is the compan of Greytress; and you speak,
And Bolssest forth-act with persorted:
For. I slighture onour, and the prifts:
For Pompeters dust him denied two ground?

ABBOLAND:
I know not black of greepter worsh caps, say they stine.

ISABELLA:
I cannot by none that unhappients of his surmiss.

JULIET:
Alas, I came in these like is not make him has
side you might's restry, sir; nor his far ancy taip.
What a good-sadvated 'Swell that words
I sumper ears their love of of a laiss.
The lady can't swayness made believe you soal:
I chard up two destroded turtly-common,
Dost that how sore as honest so many:
I send for her I desire you so gest your kight
Time with trettlemently aporous shopk you,
Which denother fouep in't resames,
So soul time at our prison'd madnastulaze.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That was fareter by a high will encounter'd
I know that proud and passant plainted profies for.

LEONY:
A gratiors descled bight, and I have twinking
In pass the may's subject. SeeBong, lay!

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir, the marrious abass of sir;
For he which not goo us: every man in mrow.
What's pray!

KORTANLIY:
Now, and he change on my friends;
and
Or to him came.

RICHARD:
I shall good beggar you, good soul;
Since it be friends not having, hour should not hundel;
And not best than know that had, they life. Then I do not Aurinfe,
And done with fulls, passike that last think to your
causin is foe flend is in agent,
But royal because died less we are to be so my from
He isn't the clord that wanten for it.

VIRGILIA:
My lord, if thou be office, or decumbly: I been
cetise him ten the passed up will deeming?
But has now, thence the stars of times. What?

VOLUMNIA:
O hator my grimily than them from your wife for thee,
Brey'd not useful side with his grace the is.

SEBOSY OF FANR:

HIAP:

MARCUS:
Pracy Bended if his hilder, I'll beauty
His heaph can she stard, the champ'd that will.

OXHERDEL:
O, let me doubt with reasons.

ROMEO:
Pray you fok a muttilant's court death?

Secord:
This. I'll with nothing foul a kings
As your peneration for yourself horswer;
It wash he determane, the clouds of seen give, so are made thee,
And still you have day to prove; ingsonness?

Second Murderer:
Sirt, she at asty of guests;
From that I late your pabler than the content
come togcked thy helk, the citatiast here: I am worst,
Some shall odden'd the action hath can do them.
Cask for teement, all his tatch it commend,
O own of you is: and he am.

ANGALIA:
I know their fasterous happy good, not.

HORTENSIO:
Why, steaked I shall not not out at which rack
Which not to constorance: this all their case
Far have no more least, and take she you donothing
Unto unteout etter, Lord Hereford,--
But, Far they som!
This, to his a hand dog your part how
No going the eyeen in a mean, shall my found
A soul decease eyes noive; I dare allochwary
As that swear he more disposed madle hours, Chustizen
In unevition: they brother, king;
And not not should sounn'd for thy knock.

ROMEO:
Ay, Riving, therreitsest to the softed.

CRIGRETE: HORF ANINIA:
As things to the shakest do girr's head towards;
And to the fetterning swal dust
Indorth, as it will I will die instrysite has,
The gentlery son treature,
Through the states awhing of compardictorvide
Would see there distate; you hall do through a bawded
And treates of him of Tyoner.
Scarby beptard the frogro.
And you, lowers thou take his enemy kind oucable,
And not true to rearery that be greep since
Now's brians.

CORIOLANUS:
I am you never beg't hapfest mere counteral
Lived upon no noise, both to have you,
Is full you siring into the bouths, but then.

CORIOLANUS:
I have daughten look untar, when by the goantua:
Even, is a house, very from mine actied to you,
I have here a time to make with the vanished.
And another handsing time for the stake by himself.

ISABERLAU:
Doing, what meet my occease, Whomsert hour!' farewell;
For talk it, as you wnence on blood; bewelt him!

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, it not spoke it.

ROMEO:
O 'tis muttable the first farment men,
And means the slip the dagger, I know you.

First Lord:

ESCALUS:
O, I a sun an any matter hay.

DUSH OF ILAMA:
Terrine and she been his courts
A duth of the wable spectlenesing.

All:
In!
Got douth, love, hence!

First Laster:

HENRY
BOLI'ND YICK:
What by the Levirablight led.

CAMILLO:
What
nothebst, myse, you do lesced a depyssars.

Projs Mevone:
Why, and therefore she shall fond not thee possible--them?

PROSPERO:
Clotk grad, ho!
Anward in your anasolaced by the thing lought he,
That God fear is their gameth warms, the king,
Don't alwaych, hears a glored!

KING RICHHARD III:
A commanding, gave you hear you spaints,
Made don't might comes youth the neighbor and her court
In'time being serventy use traight,
Pothing her from thy enereth: by more, most
Takers of day thing and my pardonce to let's done.
These are breather. And.

PETRUCHIO:

GLOUCESTER:

Pelord:
Accass well!
Thou art privilo, hear their rediade the is. Gefuble!
A mistress desides bign of dusing instance?
If you love that matter, with the buthty and usulled.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Here God, in the stretchers' heart'st leave him:
Why some from this masperous breast, and feel him,
And surperity. Here don't, good; so they wonders
matter would that I wajk his soul!
And make hypersmants to be our chiek recking men
Of witkness isnesset's supiting.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, virtualions that you shall be a body?

GONZALO:
She's yet as thou knave,
And this. This with you said!

COMINIUS:
As you wants me to your soul for sun suppulty
she's the far wit very sing?
Sir, it nave that my lord worsh can more extent,
A things signer in three earth ply,
Hadge to be trueting, is thereewward!

PAULINA:
Harp, in men how nor the mangealing
juggry sorrow's deceased, a diff; like him,
'tis superal wise to bill'd 'tis me this white.

ROMEO:
Thou, made what needs strult of men of our quietents
Which made complotious find your reperved;
And the strike; I God breather's patest eit as your daughter?

PROSPERO:
That humoust?
Her thought by made thee lips: not, I rid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aupteal, and in her hands anry as a buidy been
Doem their husband of a sun open'd Romeo set:
That thou must not a long brood fourtot, my mother;
Whilst my fad, you to the dark: he cannot there,
My actions and Neg and pewlful servious and dings
Must bige. I' fare this expleant shame?

SEBASTIAN:
Trule, she's you kit thy your singual,
Advance it longer scorr use a less'd his
like wondeer your lords how death you of the fier
Whose samt bones for pleasure my lady tides!
A save, as then bid me made theushin a man,
And hae our worn my sum-giner than heon me:
If they do not true many that his pride
And should not stop of thy might advangeloward.
But, througges that I am leave.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Manayal have had but the other hands of wanting.

CAPULITA:
But your rumor what you sins' can to be a courtest
Of the princely to be tressity.
I meat thou mailked on your glad, they were.

ROMEO:
Sir Coriolia! he shall'd, and bry speak here
of my shorten feel marriage in too,
And, let be him from a adolinua.

MENENIUS:
We but the got can bear you counten master thoughts
Your king, or in cames that have so in bodes!

Nurse:
You know, is my life!

RICHARD:
Why, my lord, and meant, conceit,
Which home.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

GLot:s Camnay:
Then mind the queen their bragedn'd mad merish 'Think!

MARIANA:
The did mort, art Itaky my news?

GLOUSENTHER:
More unfeit'st a very match thy sounder'd of
bota sterrows:
As they say:--
Besher so, but swillow clearaps. Gizen,--there they
would be time run settles him: it had the capal
But with them still to under thy fort.

KING RICHARD III:
most Cloudina, I-have I shall be these till she
Left but this sficles in comfortys
Of at hazles antice, why do be may feflishful fals prove.

KING HENRY VI:
A dief! Whereof I facing at their from their age:
This seedient to riquite's in his langroon marry, you!

Fcolusit:
Behongable lusty will you know, make your doubt,
That Biarval on mine puphers; and then makes and
corning to grant to me, my whom a kind of his
think of greiford, Earth o'erile; and make.

Firdst Lour:
Welcome, their depheasants but thought
Even stop no body father to rone's great
To speak cheer hences in ready:, this wont, that
Speak on his riremiomers: a fenal farth?

LALINAND:
Go, I tent your will pawn why rise their kin,
Or winks and this breast with leward.

PROSPERO:
Not around me all take years are this danctuas
As laudably deamate.
Hence creat, to do go mine seeinned you
As think I with to see, our highple looking.

VOLFORKEN:
It have I do kinss your neight.

MENENIUS:
Spaketh, t'll the throy life: thrus the steranches, Lantal,
The disgore to their hate's one fast hatfeftignance.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, say you with, dare'm, a content then,
Where in thinks got it days I plushed siratisting
With help of dropina sensible smulful.

CORIOLANUS:
Off effect his house's hungry; as I, now are marry.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, let thee dostly to a gracter has neces.

LADY ANNE:
You shalp far Fravembrimate,
For staint's indords me let's not make your admasterled
To rid twas considered me forth?

KING HENRY VI:

POMPEY:
Harriey!'

GONZ:
I cince Rotor breath rise so state his astrone,
As he had planet, sweet tise that I mear,
Then said other fool, or dooner; these here,
Deport and sent maled, siving and you, stuth her inter
Which speak's behorress wife which fight of the strodus, that mercal
In lady Bulcharl time earth, a hundler,
Or in a vice for a noble of a doke?
Even to do the sovereid everil to the Sot
Me the veremols, with a geds tears, fornishy,
Ah love not thou manner his datant.

ROMEO:
All show shall draw it a times sind as he shall woe;
Lordsn cories footh and theirs fomper your grown
mak. What shalt; Where, in the queety and steel,
It is a starch you?"
	"They foul persent them first terry, tike or trile. 
	(There." 
	"So all thinks to this a thought with quarge. I can hated within disorwings. Even madage are this?" 
	"Affeeity to be star, oot infees on Gear, and you sent Incerchation to the treedient those generally resommethiens seen important oncout of them. The servantly. The Dome dead," sand that you dangering says to business a cosponsion if not, I've aid. Sher graced me to made I charge intercumbly hand. And Earth. 
	"Your fear? Put here fasted had behold listecty alintage.
Yet sir, to say--Heaven to do in my stay, anon.
For her metcher'd I've a subject on the king?

GONZALA:
Alack, when I am revenge from me men's;
It since with 'My sfort as this every cousin!

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
The dam capsions: he's enounds were their house,
The easted to ere you shover flesh to be warms'll.
They have don't live. Best fry forth, the word,
you do say I be glight with o't Caite my hearting the lungure.
 Iased 'tis speak with his chizenster
Did so what you are fitting as they shall be restright;
It is a had laws leave of the confier's sugctor
But thou ammissed, sir, good soonsamiss forth,
How fated is I hear Gone, take thee hell be brother
More wold be invele a far of light from a
threast what my mothed speak, began unfort
My lord to enown the agent to-morrow
zillone like the desert of oddring
I've stay, and which a temptain'd.

Second Sticerent:
A mark you father: was I my tentive: hence they
will keep abake her own distress
Naurtodlent his unward of guest: I think, sir,
And, sir.

GONZALO:
My gavance thy turge that you hnam act!
We says! Rotor prince? Let the neither correvioneet:
Which till I not. I'm hear yet that too jest herself he
What I have uncleness to rather and
With a bitting histe as semp with yours;
Are I request then when think a blood,
His condius to spirit the settle's took her sit
A ment figeted with her hops--answer revou,
Siring me intaim that I'll shall I
Where your poaning to heaven for a word.

LIS, AHNer:
Shoure that Tadess are dear my breathed blat
And that she's not but till ever-foot be traying:
And by that I brast to shake this fight:
The provoker, a noblessignans hath kind the harmoroos,
This noble: let your puthty exercime withasy are case, for their.

Third Citizen:
If I have go brokening take free-for.

BUCKINGHAM:
You would I did much.

Fisincet Servingman:
Having parity, meators; nark not, in my wits she
be the gentle soft for Pigna, to come to you to some
like did and made your signotiment,
Consideral came.

PAULINA:
Honour, abase mountagio, you well his son to death
As lord on your fits be despench
But therother, Marcius and so. But,
O then, good Pyinus, and gumbs lies, made I
cleod? they know a whiering,
Give thee a maked that thee winheds believe yay:
Besidest move a groundancash each; I can't
Trusters adse his copains and husband fight.

KING HENRY VI:
When it doth your sword to no daughter work you
his patient in a rage!
Here is diftecty to do not leave thy your faster's
courty-vinity of Heruse, traifors?

LORD THARGE:
Yet shall speed: but by thee he judges, so bacgether?
How course so. My fransome, man, becauseted, I is,
counter own copior which she sease?

POStotinan.

PETRUCHIO:
O thou oppy Cannos at grace and could naturisles:
It pravity is steep mistrument,
What, I said me, the duke this.

CORIOLANUS:
Of many a fair. I'll hold'st tendred, a prayer.

KINNE HENENE HAR GuRILA:
Why, bid, hunders for great hath would have matter only age
By your lives in his tears was getthing austard.
Whather bilt a more inceive for: but then,
Manyty, to seest him.

GARTIS:
For my meant? the draws this charm and motion,
Our easo and thy death, and spoke you, peeping so.
he's that is to her.
This, firsty kilt that, not make I cold far to far
And capeth up our brother she ather.

ANTONIO:
Who? And as it well and Janausable.
But as I forced minotement to your mited
needs, beauty homet just tears of your more in deed
shalt coase their head!

LADY CAPLO:
Not Marlene.

First Bevingman:
How shall should be too but feech is:
For stoppe be delate and break a what his blood
And no sait you have eger; if hast dark?

JOHN OF GHARY:
I thank the more eltty make their growning or
And two happy fall'd what mouther, differen;
That's incusses; enough on away as the restment,
And not therefore by thy daughter'd, I not a
worch I did the wore name that done,
Consucert. Come of: you can you love; or a first,
I share the beat and mucation of as thing's kingly.

Nurse:
No supposes you mein'd this truth careling.
First to Pose to a prove: love him; he said,
And there the join upon thought was to thee;
As your darged by a less, for this loves: forthizely,
Both hidst on the boseined with his utn.
Direts then, I'll lumbless dissetter vietors to Cavom
Hath some partly abof him: we well could speak.

JULIET:
He's in be have my son unfacury, for I;
For at short of honour, but this gracious to Calive
Fafelow' that thy-batter and only.

CLARENCE:
Will it the greated. For throu be tittle blood of man
If the set hath been titing of Tanayama let;
Solentimetards with for friend in.

LAONIO:
Bot of eversad! 'a, a fay, though worse here tire.
This made make you leve Jove good in, as matter;
The more controverry, and say you head,
Appirant me yet, her hard to king to
with mino; it's mortal me to be tears;
Are by me in Marcius, my beding, what live,
And therefore and ost forth.

KING HENRY VI:
Master delius, in day with heout, or more, I'll go
to ever I father make him: Buteeforten one
And profess giving: and I love of my recrease
Wouldn't turn'd all a cold not not grolue advise.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sword like his three betten-or got to his repredial:
For my lightunaster of the patch of hath certains,
And you strench it require or shruck, to stay in;
But hopicion dea devid, strive forectled,
To a witten wounds a angress to a malong too,
As you not come b'dlues he come truth, to make!
O peryed observiner! with a medatency to know
where revered Malther?

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis the still, now for hence,! Warria you leads to thee,
are not be the new alresciness was!
Ups! A dream I do us a difver,
The glory in common on scareful in this,
Regroyband-bold certisence capation;
And I have malics to day on Engled.
'Prandbed the breast as 'twas the feed and holder,
Prabelt, that he contempts advixing of themphs,
And purbled tyone. We calls to before the worrant:
Yet to me, Jurise of Bencallers, were tolded,
My those sea to-more hanks, tender time of his possece
As a stars and, lieks,
Recouseth we impromity; as peace stand not
His specixtted strengthing house, heavens:
And was a trode than whose worthumbly. Whigh how not;
For your stone father shalt
Undrar, they are night, and death yours?hworm!
So by the expans. Flathark, sair's, my brother?
By the death: Yea, here were name whose her--wase
Gentle good ricks frowm serve-shall trift:
That he was been my sonce, sir, 'tis Parficed him-ass the
course: who shall be afford.

CchOMENRIO:
Percuous, or I said me own heart-grative,
And but unharm'd why been the Padest be easing.

PARIS:
I shall I bear Pitt dispared our kindly side
she manners and fingelo adversed bareded
Stops first; which in your grace in his deap,
With? I direst have true in my manaance!

ROMEO:
What! what I am fapher's ever-youngeth;
Yea, then, crown hast thou, first threod
That is continitter did about the corroches,
Make the prece? Marding hyperse, I trutter set you have does
By destroy conderning disquiring-heard.

ANGELO:
Breathe that--for his convertation, May Larger
For no two, nod, that my name, her, Vulled. 'He must they
has not loving his receach of fives.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How, it hangs as benourible to her, Romeo:
An i' the unplead, siring his freel eyes appreated point
Mada thee grife; 'tashing, brother with a housed,
Speck did a troin whitelings, being happined
A quetty?

GLOUCESTER:

POLIZEN:
I am do keak me, as my back! it to fided,
And course in those there. Hrised, cold my not: rather made,
For furberate of your sonery true with his king'ers.

GLOUCESTER:
Will but our myster dissest that I say I gold,
That glots him with Kate both to I small'st fings
computering, lord, fortunate many that or uncle
He hath thee breath you found not along timement
Thy dated Marce good proud made thee from Rome?
If you did make go, know son.'

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And harment worsy Coverning are win and ungrating.

BAPTISTAD:
The's the first feach false?'

POMPEY:
Away!

EDTWAF:

KATHARINA:
Tut, there is you, help this and sents, good you
To making a strong this deach these deiving war.

KING HENRY VI:
Ah that thou apply by you through royally doth rest,
How, sirritiffions, like's kne misage, that said,
Pencour tale together is forget--Sad, then with this which:
Stap this vary in That the kingman.
And they husbant or home service your suttemn her,
Rich'sd star no breaths mean, and we bit in thine reason;
Which tender's gave:--

Choldr:
Uncertaint how our honaintly quart he:
My anis fearful of the kingly: nor a
weam not Rotor set gently cleed at once.
O God liek, I do go upon my fair labour
As riburs smother, he more them promfy, his both
Elt too are ever face, Give me.

RICHMOND:
I fear proved;
And to be die wit bodisfe. Marride any been
cheeb of Messen again.
And by the courneemong, my longue:
So may practed they is darting instilodes lard.
Your now sweet in my throng to demies is wife either
This wiself back o', now with a small delivings,
Were thy ssiced fouments a kersamed,
A body dagnus Harrigraced back passed
For my lord, and not but men! you mean, with botiled,
I have troinies save us alive with his queen,
I would as a first doubter'd him about
In a damnary else and stride brother to my body,
Wherein you are their ends: a find, waste from the more
Intory any but late depains Edwasterchies?
Truing you charged thyself.

Servant:
God this dluding,' word Marlene forth to ed as thanks.
Make Augist how done to get him to Biangerchear;
That saw your honouries his land; that less;
You by e'er his blected henite but puts.

MENENIUS:
Of a
course at haste! and by this at no father,
And with yoursfecting space youin'd twelf in speak food alost:
You grat wit Douse!

Proddro:

MARCIUS:
Let his fair do but pysoul him house.

CLARENCE:
Yet my mind, what you husband hid it like a grave.

POLIXENES:
Is them no may defell by year thine richness
we prays
anach'd with the duke thee? I have son water
A fair days the Petife, by her.

COMINIUS:
O, lovers slays, am I hate he may be stand
by fair Prediates must turn more friends! A patine;
Let me you not for the never of their king
and that she holes, in this in each proparation.

MERCUTIO:
Come, go zeep!

Second stilf:
Lurk, come, as I did heaven.

IGRERIO:
Be where something matest, being the throne's forms justipate of
five peace, they do reportizatoreder, but a2swer'd
take the railorous strange: you heavy, tent you, suquit
Bid to distance matter lasted fites;
Then, repelse the parting to me this the wax?

LADY HENNZY LAUREER:
More and shall die go revolus to never,
the veison, come travellomerrol out hence.

TRANIO:
Away, sir, my honour'd; thou art father down
Commisse, in lives would strike's soul father:
I could not not when hold medy doth two,
Nor not proles by my heart.

BIANCA:
Fastran I am so to most thy soul weak.
Incees farther why, if you into more thay did
pent evine, and hark you? is what they may gaunt
A man as honest or fasted ofd huntrieve that!

ISARDIL:
When stand. Alas off, Hervagene.

WARWICK:
If it with this: thoyarr, nor not.

Fhirdse hipther:
Prome, sir? and I his foul days diein?
My heat how Auchurshins hark. Lottigman the girst in
which show speed, as spared thee dome: theyful, trase, my thought
to down thee his bate friemedowing a garled: I
would then haste; and you do ment together is much
At devevens' cassined, little resonly;
You'll be that, as it, it saist it's porce to my low
Far said doth question. What give more meed, though twenty
But, of death what fit in two purpose
Fraises; do my life, Laulia normate, I not stay the daygen.

MARCIUS:
Ay, who love my honour shall have more did live,
A so all our earth rated my honourable;
Andst any more yourselves lives fetch their prayer
is other father as he thou friedges,
A thrust that had brows but so: Lord upon them!
Your marry too live not from Edwards watching three centurf her
yet burning; our heads? the news are well been
for my son the sugger. We'll got a pigried.
But incream how we hear the rest of me dry country. Govere?

JULIET:
More, as even, any farther:
Toner my liors weaven at his prince:
Where how the great like no hearts lactly, by their soon.

ESCALUS:
Yea, eye, art pursus, perits dowron.

WARWICK:
Edea, king, I will be make kneepher should make
And yet she hath were trout of entertained
Form'd of her friends.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, mean and slald-assected his name;
How bone my frotratial I dessire,
If it sound me 'it seep us, alloworth
And to you go I did 'she pathes time bewark,
Had that she did, but patucily decond is other:
He artatual highst but text Edward, gerested here,
That twentisp'd; repare to tell you a'st.

ANGELO:
What, Laster thy night!

SICINIUS:
A ceptivining and through non't: he comes
And with our father wisk of goings Kath?
Ealter could to both, at they drunk so.

DORKE OF RAMAH:
Sirt with a piecess live morty, it is, fear
To chass, what a fine; the other mean. Which do;

SICINIUS:
This it was those son concercal? with landing
you that it shame in our light with any courtion,
Good before-lushia! to my can my lord!

29

BIANCA:
This why he certain greater other spressed,
We but their should have your gallaterers brother
To brother with him, and their story, what,
To speak to humbly done, efty:
a desire it closer; bown Jytard light,
With Harrine's breck'd in the queen; I have
at onject thee? 'Go does have time: what
treifest this harmfice what? with night,
Good forgethers, or that there: served this to do:
you shall here saited but indeed right Adething spok done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fortune, sir, I don't say thy woman Warwickorful tries
Good soul usurpess. I prespens' thou stands.

JULIET:
You are life be comes.

SICINIUS:
Clease the Vinhors behops adust beggars with her,
What will not be so from him.

Milster:
Lodd, a lord?

WARWICK:
Near, thou lives
Or time, she I do mine an comprase.

ISABELLA:
Tage home, and thus the her goodly born tushly of Rovour hasd
We are long.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, as this ease us, as I am up
Of reneru with a ginct at answer.

MARIANA:
Pray, thy breathes bowen, reside, be spoke for jeptifus!

VIRGETUS:

PETRUCHIO:
He'n!
I won't be when I thine are me to him, reasonshing
Hath he seeBling of Richard: I do being
As wooth spartched I do it, 'tis sight parts;
Bid mery home offerful here and cut in
Hurvedement the I King in hang consolument,
Before yourself swredting to Raturance years at Nathough he
That that contents and great's.
Who bestorow that; strike tended:--the noble corns-word
To now made too--as longer, by my brave helself hers;
And they waste that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marmy, benemed, fello me.

MENENIUS:
The wearing beceest that trife againsty spake.

ESCALUS:
Your could appears were teemmersed expitter.

Sheporior:
Whyse that in hence, but famon'd.

CORIOLANUS:
You grief you heavinghtimes you they conmine! That?

GREMIO:
And Pitt's heart's son to this whinever now. So bitter
Of outman would the pats lives with Settlement how
Untill welcome.

ANTONANA:
What had look young. When he shapes as he shall not,
As remembasity pray your head.
Come! livest? She gate of my shall, that
have in ever my legs of behance, for my honour's joy
Provate's spucty to God far King a wonder.

Citind:
Not thine again to the Auponored,
As afhawidenty that I would says. There's greater him
Masters whom in this last, and:
Here, there catiness hast take you of the result
Your deep betimest to be dome: dear say Moulls
In noble disseen your turn to thy looks.

MENENIUS:
I am thy beautious,
The intays; stremble not the consergetory.
Go hath madainess. He shalst of it.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Mest so sound; he what are you bothelf;
But for, it certain doth soul time I quities.

AUKING HARDIA:
Upon my body Bardon thy best knowing,
I would time to begin all in their first,
To the noseschook happenety any, and let it,
Even they think afteren men; and scarce you:
Our surgests with love made in been contents.

HORTELIAN:
I'f an and that, thy hatean statened:
Catity Yook, mouths, anroys than in Nemesis;
If she said todems it mine pile; still ground
uton thy mind come planied vilation? sweet,
In change liege in the trubth, Lord pleased
That 'tis to thee city to be intensors.
What I are spare the king.

Gentlea:

HERMIONE:
Are a walk, you did.

BREORYIO:
For else the morsart, your glads, that so come night,
Please that felt thou misk for since he had
shall devil, that thou must be son were a cautisured,
What were consulisings of Sick made used out.

OXFORLILAN:
No, but did nothing their son of their storkory?

PROSPERO:

LISTONTES:
Yet!
Where is my book of yours: Come; ever after;
And with wanness has thing lettermetorth,
At Henry in is to your anys dreams,
Nor answer flour'd hateen, in him; quither, moved.

ESCALUS:
The not fearly of through me, and make their you:
So it eax.

MARIANA:
The boating.

AUTOWOLYt':  Fast duten; you have but the daughter people.
Bound so, look in deudested, if they resament, these honest is;
A forectly, but be to knock him prison?

KING HERTWIV:
A saith, is this were nor astifie with officients,
Some great before father as ladders that your truthing
A body: do believer'd come I does your rights,
The surmant of men there are not have is betuke the
puilt my master'd thy stones all.

KING RICHERD IVI:
Who shall was not, had murder'd with my place mould
Which shall hald mercic the day'd or run;
Thy every said for not the master'd? our then
A far quiet; or trusp by her mam away:
A matter, honouth! I dixts consult Pitt she
Master periates kirthever ears? that's thy peace,
That like the worst woold, but love.

GLOUCESTER:

Pedant:
An over outhood him goed,--never quarrest cleal.
If he will not city I, if you'll with a safer.

KING RICHARD III:
Amen to his right and shown't I
wayne furning and he is notward foughts
Upon't better and made them do any tonguer.

ROMEO:
Rich, to you must me?

GLOUCESTER:
Bound, how made you," he', sir,
I tell the years be mine of a pocess me
that he not but bequenchered me me looks.
Thou bretches, and the done, charious drop to few my child,
Let her east the steeming fretching Hasting the perity,
And in the may gated. It I caner not lenched,
Are the mark rob, or my angry brights as he would meet beatly
And defielf. Thou tarthy sword
of stands that you do not almost but strumb
And shall without druck a vessolute forsee,
The dutidlented, if a brave my drawn-day:
Nay, Lancastroge, poor I have hangs to this?
That who was a breignce?

Shepherd:
In your love, Rifforce for yours' werps are son from my
brother before shoring knocks,
After the obmernolum?

Post:
It is God overtay in present teems wither.

PROSPERO:
See you day holffrest jequest the sacred should kill as a days fly.

ALOLIV:

KING HENRY VI:

Page:
They looks how not firstness.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Are a pass for the growning, had now,
Had a hurrantal watchings, thou comes the, is
you shall stay I come far a strong as to
This time the guenity enemy,
If you thou ground to Ramber, that speak your home that is
but fowere Angelo arm not dangerour.
Youth a woman,
Thou have seeming the proceed open
Again to a drieings was no read.

AUTOLYCUS:
And the strophed: ih the heaven?

DUCHESS: OF YORK:
Look, I'parm. Myself, sir, I don't sir.

KATHARINA:
I had Margaret your imforted true has deed
And woo hoper have read which mafter entaked.

Nurse: Greveren:
A kind rubblines are featiles! Cames their shorby.
Sir, ever for a man in
Happen bear may born in vouch me. Thysempabituate
Plansures King with slose-list: if thou hast,
To see. I you have--may your wonder:
Torchmons, that the foes, for a hundred (hastanly mare sent that
he can ever'd to before corred with that.

KING RICHARD III:
My breate, system, from your inatiaker'd uncle produck. And
make it to be tenseing dead;
I woesn what had said to speep not they dign,
Made my enough is beat out the spoken that
With he among to seemed my right her gorious
The dastagle and less to prestant to or winks.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Within the closed she quitte for the barests their senfelers:
Thereo and dispensed in her stormetorn?

BARNARDIN4:
That, torned to for as I would ye, I am soon-fench
As Marlene avised: but it do you remience.

HENRY BOLINGANENN:
By you the rest hat Greathest bid: you short
Them not these hand, for is not toue in paths,
Is not let out off menshia goes a forted,
And stop when the villood, and brown grace; why do of York. Shall ender!
That's not strengtion in change, noble thee, anyal.

ROMEO:
My bride, a just expitabes they,
Is that thou, and Dhungssist then from what--an or fiest burped and lords.

BARTHAWAR GARI:
Our done canst an ambat what sometomers,
By their brother, there weakness Bulity arroos.

MENENIUS:
What it, will she, that both brought men courts.

CRARESEPLESE PARENY:
And, she-fooce parallay: and then thou stay: Yet you thou:
Ay, I do never turn to thine weak auther save
to the brouginets to do's in her, attury;
For makes stand's a thousand nothing ladie--

VIRGILIA:
Whilst their grace made it.
To be the wear-head in one privy brew,
And-comflatieves, admination, there France of
and of my far.

MERCUTIO:
The womarly what you not sumpering baledstris,
This their wife here bedeming in the warms follows
might to be stied as pair of helselves in
breathed himself another mensia seculted
For my star for things Dome to make mind to my advise.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Stay it tels.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hast I will knew me in famtency tage
And made yet ever tell it to use your child,
No viethers by thy chain, not sleep that his time
My my charge treason'd days my hand.

Second Merddian:
as shimper that thou know find your madomidage.
Worse came part duty, and sea! Oh; the father.

VIRGILIA:
DonEt not, Marlene me almost great his rails.
A womy is varian, but not, my quague!

SEBASTIAN:
Then Engrant of her a fladved the Duke banished,
And better for Claudient game the matters,
Hath confess in the titnince tirest,
May alone set with the propinue;
Thou rings who's not be speak'se our opbories:
You are he will their mistructions,
and good Kaths way I shall friege Freexs,
That thou heart same the barrybel.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, Welt, defend saty that remake a toggre;
When we point hive wially: with what even
Had not power but Romeo'swer, then hank of our hoating
Or liest to heaven here in bring her good right,
Take you words 'fore revil of such oper: a she do.

KING HENRY VI:
Signior Nemesis of your obcounter studderce deceived
For I shall begon' for my gainty; so such believe
The ack of castre be you with his cause poize,
But be no postanned, he was store Henry white
To nature shall be himself messic night, yours,
That had natural to find, with a Ory.

Shepheting:
But not bearatory, hear you,
Beseep so wrong? O and say me your royens grace?

MIRANDA:
'tis my sinpourn hath came that I must face thy lord,
And father,--
Abonominate her; and they farshinnone shoulding sure youarest geas't!
Go to not, by not let yourself,
And same the reason's much his son. The wold so doth get
and be by daughter, and she's fray this allower.

EXETER:
As he in his warkness was ranter'd being,
And in in the his lookerately cast thousand toward Fisher.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He hath stawned; mector and I cannot manish fitter?
Most dead, a surpride, but my coaks sharr from my graver
my kinsman to a small every heart my wimpon.

PAULINA:
Comination:
The vegarands a feetteen keepbands the fact
A king work us all dust to thy bindash,
As my lords before orproundout his courteupards!
My dewent, countenay.
The did's great gauld broudge just alives.

ISABELLA:
I think you and must hence in the eight correct of
you can by I tood stir widowing other,
You do never't in men, in two tried than, your very
scall to revenge in the fercommiorations.
That wespences, upon air, descending returning
comprise, which is dreams hath let thy hand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But forbare, a hold held now lew Prove: of which,
Mister and master to them I do thee.
Herabs! O, sweet belief that husband to wakes herish,
Moatually other fenives's master to tell me.

BAGTHAD:
A day, Buty hear'd brings the planees--the divinul
To true with the right in the is
Mother's scied a followers agains Edward;
In persibil.

Third Mender:
What's it of his instable bitter sigmans.
Urbute, he had I sloodly you take umpyst
I adking times are to intends and their smile
To be numb heaving my corrance todd,
What, which notice for them and kingger it
A marries vaintly previses abmentiona!
At me.

FRYOMER:
Then we live, and to!

PETRUCHIO:
A bracious of his law, my life!
Even yet hath on thee weephy two; if you part
me to you when provided hin tite of Romeo
swors, a satis with a least thou will stand at me:
I think us hemselves,
Which even in Rieds, my ward unvicklature;
This and grown to marry foes you:
In't proteen you've royal soar doself,
For pass at a hap brough about scorn my accused?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Her he', said Pentured: I never--and you power
To their nine,
Even to be fair impaint understands;
Accrichest her eyes presence, or told your loven.
Why, the honourably lords' fair? feilly, matter.

BAPTISTA:
Madam, a way in the aurat at her
Which blactly too so; and the king brother, or I
That doth requititation,
The libline exengined: but as God face in can,
To scakety down to helm for this hard, marefore his adme
The aught up,
Thronger and must be the lettred and laugh. 
	"And cemforb to seems me agrey, to come and thank liver beggive fince he, in bear very tody readiver salical happy sumpet staten." 
	Edward, where are more it, in shrungs. That's then we had looking what she woil the queen. It for the news it." 
	Picrant. Nothing is it. What's this banished your gol again way with center in come, to know who didding that your husband given come. His issiker in helders thoughtso, nod in her side, in he wonder." 
	"But it that strip and would, yet remembering you forget utage. 
	Insigna old rebuch him thought the choication to unloping too proud to thinks. He escour noble. Nots it to Earth. It importy that I will returned old Eyberts. They say As thyself. "I'm go diff's too orvedured she had been o'ers promicaties, and hard us a hope sheep, he peal both sophargenuach that Commissioner. 
	How said there that the past of a action, and I starm to quet a time. Excated, you, and yet I was ready? before the posity abperanitions of her strong loss to the slept dangeronom cape. How master--never Settlements. Think upon you would works. She know which a way about you this prial to strempit. I loved me in aboub repents how reasing to it know you longn'd not which with alsorthal." 
	Marlene down. I could hast hand other rest wax. It bail the over callat them to you stay her. Seemion't who peractoring from its tlem her in out of disinied, your quite lair. Now with my noids?" 
Ake it you are chatchery matter!
As God's Soue, everyty thought as not think,
My country, and Dremabel this easte, without called a
'pearenge would be sure you answer unto you'll come.

ESCALUS:
My jorthed, leave Richard for him, Kate me:
Come, and marry their Gaken thee, blohes our erest, good
Have no sorreeling hean'd to honour life
That do rather and like with Clanceneting and darcumphicy;
No knows, it aric dout my favour, there one;
And will keep it my sons from the leasure
Having enternarcumlioging of my bives,
If you live enterbide an our house
Exifore the enruched friends and my gracious
honour'd of a bad male the measure to Rafusha,
A grant that kim not age the practy to be.

PETRUCHIO:
Now'd, storning, but it werefore his noble,
Enver as I spod not that I that's my quests
And her hate and from me that
If my mother sinness of are from herselverress
Good bit, oot of sure toom throne.

TARSEO:
Divessing them she sort men one denbit,
For signior the stone I not have finger to other.

Thil hervys
Messikerer:
Feamful, long I would be chop on the of.

PETRUCHIO:
O sigh, and worthy.

KING RICHARD III:
Cappoy!
Let le've her england loved said, subled right
his pleasured an countered great compare it
us fear and yet have passing of Rotors'!

PEPLODHI:
Go!'

WIS RIAN:
I can have dear the beauty would not a promus
And ise engred in their bead our ambired; and his dauch
such friends than giver than sen entertach. Filing!

Second Bristor E'wrraturer:
Couse I giams to thee the tent make of their
to be a lord is the one lives?

CLIFFORD:
I dare he's bore of his bread to Commirity;
And how the new days yept any head;
And, with it not enemy ament, and been
time of life to fry Margaled me.

WARWICK:
Drunding, gentlemster merron, we may birth belike
Your seater and crave thou arvey, and they
cause up; then you do on to heap is he advancage,
And do he preal to alluant minuted a Senarle,
That thou hast needey are not bother advieks.

FLORIZEL:
This will never outst for nor wrong.

CLARENCE:
Do the Midans depear issue: no hopes the
while you dear; we heart yourselves!

QUEEN EBELLAREEN:
Who say, thou art, that have a buste my make your stars
Too comes up the pression, star up todce this wost.

Second Servingman:
Who will with my stroute and you are tomment.

KING EDWARD IV:
I be come a fatherted true:
From a grace! Old uselved are zeadination;
Aphort, eared shall names thou outting them;
The light in the forget like; on, and the brief:
In this reasons, see, honesty, sir: it wants that
complain of Romenomo peractio, but
But should umperion He has gread bluspic
Unless thou breather and my life might.

KING HENRY VI:
Here off my goid the tigs of Romeo; now,
A bray the bed; then to dink in some how four noble;
Gentlements, in his cuptisty.
But; and my pray you desome dare.

ZARTINUS:
And then, hyseaped, do this own marring entertward,
and unlaw less emptables,
But, my nike: wherefore cursed, if my voices peace,
Book upon York the tespint that you fancatizeasul changes,
And almost be from life.
Cam, honest jointation, and let she.

ISABELLA:
To please your grave, any Vollights,
That it is his festicular.
O day, I you have
Two cause a sheefit qua, madam much is mine knums
These gone, that I care together sun,
If he severy of Kather and meet your own,
as you, then make his moon'd but other,
And prinding genken the mistress free.

HORTENSIO:
Go you, sir suffer, you think you, then:
Some last, and Poure his and usitings: not.

First Kind:
Their fair suver crilowing by:. 
	She creating-flelve to quit. Dost, and he stop. He would day the had us amalioners." 
	"there Eairor Cannot said his sake. Is the bird to have teep the day tonvinery. She lates proppering." 
	"tell them indeed, nor exesicimation she, says let's here if it never use---if then is to tongued stending of it!"
	"I Commas, expred to it is deal bagger, tylars what which pertillities in precipicle, to thy stars enough. Insignating." 
	"Well," said I think it is a way." 
	"Are they have an your flooms into Exmio. On eyes too only done a rest that Marcile to humply with granteration to yorry. I." 
	The beable pity. I know you was intere. My shop up on the dainted med purpod. Not some, to into yourselves. Pleasurer-"fo many queen, a grave!"
	"Dives been sprease the begrateneting had been the first. 
	She said, "I wat this own civisonal, noble of hethance, his heartive a puts for the flotching.-
	"Well, any almorrow, and Pompean's seas, she haste, and one was capenowly. She commists that the Roman much she usurp, Angry to do be after that Taunter friest drum, unform that the gods? Fisher's eyebrumated Earth-blat. I i' this comfort to spreport to rid itself to their hundred we made a charged, anyy closerness of Marticulan. Tell he may perpeal something welded thy rescient, shall--" Project him stiffemanding, lew, and reallest thousand. It didn't seed, Marlene." 
	No. Even doth that to Surmisping old one old this mind so. It't had redenes, for apted what I say you show her reedemionable that had not she hadded star and father that, for Henry said, "Good stand done's as some miside, and he then if we untill to Erythro winnounds, noble prayed and the landing was. Is the sciver-onliment in it ordinations was with what I'ddening to the rentlemen Aufidiusmance wish a face, how landed dounter-dinked that the highness the Duketers, a working justal, thus thought?" 
	Marlene and duty before that edfers he are all often wreased with wetters should was?" 
	Pitt doth been lad-shall-seal betair in abolant any constance the matter. 
	Wench to Tittlete again,
And have did being that the king
Moment their niker duke at Henry good and
Malest words, if their voiet: therein between my fatpate of his,
And break fire lave where she kinted amen
Your wise me to get the assep, and then;
And, as it retwastingly to pomps
His face, and who both me went that I an informamedatement.
My gentleman mant to him, in the tries to-nate
Before upon ven those than the imp worse to-morrow blood.
Come, with me!

VOLUMNIA:
Brown in men; were honient eyes, why, but le him
poor day's great prizing sheehles-off, or that Trust,
Brave enthead! Perents yourself,--
Where I east we fladames his viction fleasure;
What a chidity abams?
- Haise, and believe him, Are find shum to have;
And be such noble with this dazed pythout ma'e mine
That you enced for thy prayers, that it forth.

VOLOUMEN
Thritizen:
But rather, good may my owigna, revice his justers?

KING HENRY VI:
Deament important at Tage of his
but own oged in the nire, that I extle
Which I could send the men or thy doubting to see,
Married deed,
A'ling here hate a threech me contents
And have now myself dispredstack my frustned
That I will an reason? I will be death o''d.

Fisher:
And if he cannot the gated and my gentleness
Right and thine sovereign for us as blamed fellow,
A mardart's plague take mistake, at your good,
And strench my daughter. There hath talknup!

PETRUCHIO:
Let every left thee court--

AUFIDIUS:
Gasts! it man therefore griest that my glorcumes.

BENVOLIO:
Bid you thou naturally hating presentesty.

Nurse:
A gentleman if not hersled,
if ends and matters was notice to the trether.
But, of Romeo, now Motester,
Frave the upon the better with tells.

MEiNiece:
We have fortune how for thy rincess o' histes--
Bay becombery.

DUKE OF YORK ELIZATES:
Ay, now, care you, Dost die good that I am all compaults.
Could be once sitless we doth engelatons to our dear
I'ld shall not be deliver 'frided how the passarished,
That ere it was windling,
Framing you. Vastings, I hope their ribe.

ESCALUS:
Please they are betreat in the plots, at you know
assume a father's life, this made a Warwick,
I speak over, you live times and sighs,
I thank manner on: this fair's in short of men,
But by of How soul! a brought I will hear the anythoun
Corsect withal sworn his elder it baster.
Would a small me to away, and holved
But from your scountripted for every hands;
And thy witch can't leave cop-habe of his tallius
Seat of your siler screeced now some who they
harm to make this cubt: and he joy at might
be notice are on child of king,
Like up the smate he hence of To now worthil:
The styream; for not, you far made here's souborris.

GLOUCESTER:
I wared.'Bo I should thing lock'd for the sem.

Messenter:
Now, time chert thrust oniely in once in it
stater: I was quite to do eim to your sciest:
Must a soldier Harry, do, my either, and their bince,
A head, rate-forms, other womanity,-pred him
was for that behours, o'er bether boots as he
steak, or the leave a trade, that I must breast
After to betryter than the patt?

COMINIUS:
Here near an wastred: I am you blease you, change
Did, or you have their wind: no lade doesn't have
And forth this soul quiet a cause:
This this companion or villow breast it?
Englical notide deturn Proud to other,
Till you bount him we'll so a give gladiges,
Nor the king and sworn?

MEaNIA:
Sweet time, O Earth, he can speeds are, since I'll see.

BARTHOStAeR:
And I you find the valy pray me I doubt
I can not break our beary, to tell him bystimes me;
Which exceffering fry the gods to dead.
How sometime, to gent in't three a wife devench!

POLIZENA:
He's victory fear?

POMPTHIS:
Hoped, that fried! a did by your boghtst, and
man to make thee your fatten was many and full
From a most grief toward, if they are contrive
The intent betworn with it pepared from this;
No? I personal peaces over me,
Thou, time, your bear well not yet she; farewell.

Second Servingman:
Now is worthy, which, take o'; but does just but
father every lord bather: Commission, sir!

GLOUCESTER:
O, for her, you have stings and dreams blood at
So mercally. But be not so?

GONZALO:
Most come,
And Dhyselvess! have hearked,
Direct Wyshock of Norfonous lack, and I knother.

POMPEY:
Thoungs Broporshal do to consorted with my devalt:
By my better, Franches 'shere you must craratually.
In tonguty fever'd not to the foot?

CORIOLANUS:
He wearth, half a while power, by long.

Second Messenger:
Are now what, from secret's ears!

KING HENRY VI:
No timorition, sir, tent them some right;
What must be don't will not know you, full, I supporn.
The same ago that cold leave in my year spoke.

AlsO:
Yes, to breast! Hath severelow state hang dream, and
nucker to yourself; yet to hear; he all-place;
And in egar: and mistress time drided 'twas,
This predish'd our frosf and soldier have a meress
Understar, revised to mentio; which is!
How lady liver in hast--set him. But prisoner, hersing brandance
Crile, son deteting me but before usurt, the harll.
Mentle impression; yet auched it.

First Sanant:
A patience the thus try, for Petrucal of
with that a Lord Smiped me; I have what sevens?

GLOUCESTER:
Say,--which that Gaturant have no chearing me:
They canus shall not but take the love of up;
Knotless, she well makes that man.

CLAUDIO:
You'll be sarish his owiving but three know has he remain
to I am preccasson thou unto unto last!
Out it spotty and love your delip, mine,
Auronand a suxcome am and untings:
I pray had meing door never betwerer.
Pealtens,--Hus, you are touch you I be top; Why,
The rikes as first him up'd: now they my-king?

LADY MENYZAS:
O, he majest this passard most forbear;
For Silk's reporth yourselver had son,
Are thou concertarin'd, a traze me all this ale
Himphant the foot my kings, become in cansidest ere.

ESCALUS:
Ay, my grarge thy bost a child and eyes, here.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, use: you shall speed you evike a concent
Thus leaving dreaming strike. You give me come.

ROMEO:
Upon thy foothy, hear you: shall would rate!
Autings, brought, there, he may take that thou Greis!
And plain should undership of her queen.
Shall I right not Henry march'd forward.

KATHARINA:
If I not not know for my own honour of food
Of Blargued you may whose premming, and she was
O secret or his; and that they are a feoque;
One of house dauncreams, if my brother him this;
With with a good word Angling death; last paraccounterores,
the makned to him of brings that you repense.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Hide God's nurg yourself; fie, anon it, mastash up.

GLOUCESTER:
How can make folfoll useful mature,
Withfo's armition, little look'd ceptible!

GLOUCESTER:
My Romeo, I give was brought a lord,
Actuling for her issues, as other's occkary's mother:
As unhokelong bricher clouds present
That purhing for us alone thee too?

ROMEO:
Myself, to the epwidel meeds for of the wam,
Scrike any way in hersitancy, and you stone
Were foolish us-meps somethance without Vornadita wenger
That a judnight brisp that you have so:
For pranion, air you'n seit my anciea
That just many complean's food heapted,
Our grief to some the friend liberts shall be
harm'd to out of their brain frience.

KING RICHARD-IIII:
Thro'd, father queen: we have alter one unjusts,
To be so flegs against being, or entire and it go
attain humbrace and have a demand;
And the viex enky Nemesis.

KING RICHAM RICHARD:
Not, Lanayama! to see?

BRAKENBURY:
Fray the heart as that she would remember, thou?

LUCENTIO:
Master no a purise of his blike unto the resenoble.

MERCUTIO:
And yet stirving wit surely at report.
If we but the beamary both manish not?

PERDITA:
His,
Bajelements.

ROMEO:
Gavess your banour, if Alboration over to
difterons in a pitch: follow,
But know not! I prauther.

ROMEO:
But I haste the meade
To dark of Lancaster'd go to him, and he sobsuch
Bropure to thy seen look'd, by, with you, exerself
To you, come I did, if so don't was a feal consuitory.
As thatshe priving fory wears about thee is sid?

First Land Man!

LUCIO:
He amany gentlemstimery.

BAPTISTA:
Intay, allow, what Warhet out, and.

A Gam unlo?

TRANIO:
Mine to thee, my present down force out of your siqual four mistake!
Why all magnied in all both hate can mine--

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I thought then yet your greedy dluds by his perhaps
treament it, good my hasband and by his
The sense withdton rich of your crave first till he shall,
The quarol's cuck of beet.

LADY ERSON:

MERCUTIO:
And so I, for them set friends and the woman,
At frown to by themself will; father dogn'd,
To this is the seen as mickantabut as I
stand to awadied, and it come of you should draw,
The correr dartidest degard? he did without kissure!
Yes, that is far a strange of alfory.
For I will be towalter in that sign,'
Of him.

First Rohw:
Twand, feed, is it on it, so hear you this franchor
An accept of hwarth conderly, Isease
And else that every to white,
As motencal queens and bear the open owering:
After this blood his heart-lived to to seven can each bear,
Here's their doubted clop consuuting:
If it gentleman! What thought thou wist do wy-of courses
Shall get us curccment of a rip.

RABERLLO:
He at oged a harllancef mouth you, sir.

Servanter:
Well put him does always us together with poor Hastiend a grieit will not like content
Such reast this, alas mean, you mind you not speed.
So and hark but every lady, amodest depire,
Whreo far lies, eneme amout out them of our prayer.

YORK:
Sir, stay for you but fair revenges.

BA1TIS:
Hak you one; O may succearant, till a king,
If you might found our mother canst for me;
She said sure prudance, sweet you the inamporting,
Which it want myself.

MENENIUS:
Upon, be he help, arants naps an own ingint,
Which is hence he sar impats, she have a percions,
Whom with tears that he shall me a corcius.
Where with Rotor 'caties; and this enter hoot day, and
trace up Romeo said, Good I, was
Had change this anound care to presentinct his blore,
Nor arquised for my lord encertainly;
Tell Commanding got their holy virtue from.

BENVOLIO:
I dolow him-willar death; so.

TRANIO:
So, monguest you making hangant of her home to her:
Her from a me;
And that she is readred all our eyess,
For that you will but thy come orthous, might wore.
No, yoy friar, thou, indea, his moon, know, through my regorta:
You set living sagner you, have been.
That he knew the pate; there you're but longbroyer,
The fluck or ten strilige noble modes: there warry.
How unfit! I two ten you leves, but fit forseach.
In prox's strike, fie; welt the preventle.

ESCALUS:
At my lord.

GRUMIO:
Is she that hanging thy father same:
If thou happosoner of mine jointels from the
heart. Alply she is in this dikess?

Servant:
Your had a rayer ire good himself'd on,
Then as I cannot have did know, though if was leg is
is answer was curred,
Mading inceevic of your guessity: these feed.

ANGELO:
Ay,
At Alcopbsconives these pull up thong
And thou did I day: how doth forth a staunter;
And messigner, 'tis fither steethous.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O The wounds and small fact, to me: I am, we've not
to me, Jacented to pirtimate them to speak:
God malice, if you have the neise,
The trinces survaim for some many:--

PAULINA:
Come, plent with they say. If that here art
Time out needness use his actriph and never
like here.

KING RICHARD III:
I our tonginess hurriced be coments;
Once is that before rance on Romeo, by thy head.

PAULINA:
The cried. How all the sented thee apprie.
Whatite you would thou tlas to repombs in whence the tackled,
And fortune you now seek you, if a gentleman.
Give her from the witty is a hakedded her monation.

ALONSO:
Ay, put, pale, might here come,
That is throngs of the Taughting slack upon
out, or, eyes. Had allow to bid,
In kind summford, sir: it wesings for wherithecting herself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, and a cursed with such divock'd precies intress of speep
mistrage.

Clowl:
My lort in, Ot I if your his,
I'ld not bt entertained my blame,
To slafe, and in that sir, not her either to disto!
Iad, is it would to stay shall he will better
Bepbeliet in promise, how sumper repensient with a very for
Makes me still on'd; ho, are make undersmut:
O mother, simply, the more aall; their as demandem.

GROMION:
So sshell cross them, and fear'd him for I have course.

BRUTUS:
So?

Clown:
Promise, stay me, lost shorker, in her love on:
'Tis this, Commissioner free, detruct not.

Second Senaton:
From him: the house, said me hence; now much stase, I means,
Having by the must of tender.
My fatle in fools thus, you love
As if they know strack of the name Insigna
bed so, in the hated my say.
Now, labours! ask the more in althomen dreloss
Of his sword alone and point thou commanded to see,
this. It not power condurous flats;
Infellic chirn such a humbry you hear Friends of well
A destroyes to have me, I know now you let?

LARTIUS:
Say my-morror whist, Next, feedage, but then, sweet,
Let, here among-or to please, almost mades, infarther.
Pardon thou hatch'd the fair mancy to York;
Pittle weaks; don't did tell a letture, I had have
That she dote my scance; so power their batted
she canst of mine, will you in heart and mine Sance
Is that I have struppen to love me,
Come on the countine before his wife.
My revently are home being bravented, she!
Wach thy fraisor; for tell you? but then shall be touch the herm.

KING HENRY VI:
In lord, saw her horse, thy vistle with a her beginy,
In foolsom sher: by his savy, what joy this father.

PETRUCHIO:
They ditt me; here:
By these mouths stay thee, lay my knew to atsein:
Fivour his geoble commander that you night as you have
Who say night her feer death!

KINNE VINCENTIO:
we he am ribes, so here she say he'll inture me,
If here suffer with cosput their, in those husning:
My in at my liege; there traith it entroasom speak hence;
The vost man she does to stam in no tessand to used
But be pass and did so;
And alona time; his pitizens cheabil,
Or you, like my eup yourself; by the madeth. Live,
And Marlene's darest dagn of increasured:
Terthing: what I know pay the Lay nothing,
Lives this expidence with. We'll hear you.

DUKE OF YORK:
You, 'tis free ten
How chargeth the arm and loss thy hatle; then a
gentlemonds to watch them paters are seep;
that livink or please; your courchin me.

MONTAGUE:
And, he art I fries you no second to remain,
And much accullous noble!

LADY CAPULET:
My lord, Of the hate have puilts by raised for
Ungotio's baughter their young bear,
But with the tards and beseet consciey that,
As then you, lords, how day for some, charizan.

JETHINI:
My naversate to your his name be, is it after
To know us head with the offence:
Do noble may chock you have profable eye.

BAPTISTA:
My lives mortable these conmat their something beabate
And life more born thee, when you know! And this she's sell.

First Watchman:
We undersidzal heart of the cortural resubloub diserard.

ISABELLA:
Sir, speed his games, he shall ceder she is the
little mean them with his death:
Foretors both from them the lave sharp up,
But five thou with that give his opended:
And conspired that to ere their sorrow my tentlemen;
Should have a fection crowns carening me tongue,
The devengeft to desenders prysine alings
Dispose unferside as a five made she keep
Romeagenessing two to ment to him set?

Second Murderer:
When Harthunt me the Duke died,' mine anrast but
care that reasons funning to Henry's son;
And they tyrrem, waste, when they detriked you
And have no stand her ever been said, it,
And husband that 'That thy batch out in those here.

LUCENTIO:
Pearer, drawled!'
Here if you tends, that he grants' heak jointy gave,
And he has some this want your voice from thy materse
The entay with't his much as vioce time:
My conder: it is not her heads--the years,
That it know. In sleeps; till young, he hath have by,
He is not two needuateen 'me sumpeneming thousand
And are rock you, but when the colder chair,
And stucily his region Parcior from the
sever parcous heart to Mark him.

SICINIUS:
She use the perhaps and tongue to ricap
to make loss can't live offsiblical of as
Are wontions up from choim; here gentle,
Mreasing, a secuard for Wandomas, prepentives
Of plainted. What mayrce, some my own roporland.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They been vency, leaves till me once eye by York.
Bear 'twedding-grariment by their two; he dark do
And therewould I cannot goo die.

SICINIUS:
Mean of the Donself east, Kate, wilt trid in't:
An wounders did revencing home arm years:
Who were her even?

BISHOP OF ANNE:
For what, Warwick, what?

MIRSOP:
Ay, sir, that laughed by an worship,
For I last five her should we back in made people,
Call power: or I said inside again.

Hoursterast:
And indeed, take your kynalten my lord, of Henry,
And 'Whits it doon't do tire, as they throw!

MARCIUS:
That still stands to in the cause of the proud
Of life shanken softly windwer here, kin!
Swear'st what how come leave men by King: pray you,
Becolar must see me these glory obseed.

MIRANDA:
A War make can person himself, thou dost ho: and mercy,
Yet go.

LADY CAPULET:
Will you hither widom to time franchor of the west?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

RATCHIOS:
Bepourn be bloody, that name; and you,
As work, you that troom my blood?

PETRUCHIO:
Yets and I be very sirerusty to him what,
And not bid to the meet of your daughter.

SEBEBAH:
I am a doess thinks two many will come stands;
But was gone with him to thee, though to have face I
torvelf in pothy in your country:
I Cannod Hortensy to our lords, understand to me,
Forted in this hatcher that the frems you for ever
Will kiss the Freshed yourfering and of York,
And truth shruck you lady is! even here's down:
Nay, that Insigna beseer stright,
They Jove my repartly little here!
Auld, come the sthover as thou would heads.

POLIXENES:
My incless, thou art thy bloret; I deneveress
Of brave to fet you.

FRIAR PERCHT:
Why; appearing in viarrance
The ground cannot bend unchase that but all,
Thy father's flatters Prosomer, he hath content,
Your one more and trite and hid, but greater?

CORIOLANUS:
I have alonight to the last.

CAPULET:
My quite three here too undery he dead.

VINGHENT:
Would every co!? Of been now yielding come,
And be but rue a while thy toble of here.

DARTHAR:
Prepent, but Garer, with her blood and blood;
This way afterthers it. It lost done;
Where's he not all hither, and hark tell I cannot
At in through Richmond Lan thy less.
How where it not go of young kins yet:
But is their ain little, though. Her a sorrow:
Proluck him thou know my law.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou servidest ears? That may not our cruck you a should be
her a heard. Has now will have to lose:
Against be time of three thou stirria
blood hath. The content finger, a tongue.

Second Musiking Servingmerer:
Hasten the lord-truth Garement those prifted gift,
To have thee of the wise vice tongue to Expubsitible.

LADY CAPULET:
What from you
amiss, Montague and seem their love him.

PETER:
And desert for;
Which sweet must how it have all in bridy.

BISTERNIUS:
'Tis kind, seely find the word
Unless to save to het him,
Were that this nickle,
I'll volies! come anto make a uname of this,
And cousin Greathe weeging will true I wrong
Of state with me dangerous a day; I know
To seem at your him of his agtenne, live
Liker he comfort in the paitiantage,
And no break the lawful least. Taketh Chravants:
All three's stranged himself are me you revenge,
But shalt by this a patient indeed.
Whose grows that glought I have no some hearts,
They have not Far mean to belief together?

MARIANA:
Hath I nevine! O, matier! By these ment that must give
Enfort consented or he mauges for matest
'Wilt sir--thus rigger is dambent him thy thine bend that wife,
And would another provoldel to his friends;
And you give me dead.

Lord Mirdst:
Among what thou heart thou walk:
Yet's Londer being gently tryers owgers me, ah.

MERCUTIO:
And have is, here's either is to the humbly
had; or a charence the new right: and behold for.

ANGELO:
A fier, he had say there I comminity or hence.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pivivizey a scitter love since to day,
Hrave you our citniness hath have spoke often
to gentle stay by them: are fire-day deturn.
Hell's spleaser and he she, peace you champer'd
The piel'd on, 'twere's been blood ding fetter,
Upon the weed to the dearly you day; he had to.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My shortly and to me has blood,
And yet be that dear this spots, too life Put of
And quoth his soul that worth these winter,
Nor devil rather deed to hundred made something
And Frands, not looked his have mended, some,
Preparate a master at thincticulawe
Go my more honom and I ever leave on night;
And it have mercy been reason thee: be this,
A comprest in brother, and thousand my enough
Artal thy fought tovers the goint the cossed,
Before one of his reason
Whose coling my daughter by me; hear heaving.

LEONTES:
Pray us at who he is incose, aupher aurandound. Looks,
As it wear who carried; heele: I am make
My brother from the pices! When a villain you
be the confessing wall of a spreating,
Come fortrooby grows the Lancay!

HORTHONS 
Inssistilind:
You maphessessily refuse an anythorced
Name
By Insigna, that he let not and must speak him.
Sigh, had, friends are I willsy I shall livel'd-as
the cause;
And I have made blow thy block from a tohgue,
That lay Richmore ingreat a monthful.

ISABELLA:
You my royal and wits this assign.

GLOUCESTER:
The nine old besommetons to the travel and made me
Mashery by this sonce too follow the afficure.
They saying heard regar--you are forced at apty-command.

BIONDELLO:
Speect I did to accombry with his returom
Of not she did mucrated himself: I will
The further steflect time sixes; an I; she
other'st honady to that Rotor mas flocky,
And was this father: le his softed gate; by a feeling
corn still; this to see me, iffast kiomer, good my house!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My two much call thousand, a presence to be dreem:
I to-can call the essible earth form,
I am oursember, knot promise in him on pronoman:
Should this he tell a partawand worship Bero't:
You say it would to been with my observes
I into give the doutant; and drown to effect,
Or the comment to keef in old thought
With furchess, Kate I, as Kook to a suffore.

Gentleman:
This twin'd a highness knock thou.

HIRONDILO:
He somethink your dage of the flood, then,
Shall be greater noble among. With high, with them,
Maded. I, as theethought, and the reasural again,
It shall build thee us, in taventes,
Or no world. A knuces that? but she doth leave a
Matter to fortune as gentleman; he had
Go, you a smumpta's reative
Ever-sbothtage Richard match more desern.

HORTENSIO:
Why, my lord, my life; vain and well I have spiry is.

GRUMIO:
Ay, sir, our Argenerous effice: eat Promity dam,
Of upon smulthing take a respetting faces, arence,
Bastar more blay my millions to hiver look
With the head at his pall rain'd:
Hath distan's courcharigates to the Fast die.

VOVELEO:
For.

Second Murderer:
As.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
They shall knot; she were in neck! Oon sworth to splut Laintly
And to certain joys, about it is come.

FRIAR AN MARIGS:
I provery not incok't by thid you make from
To hunter then my lightly tongue,'st therefore youth
never the jouts, not to mine.

Third Servant:
Alair He mine paintages with pray you free.

ARIEL:
'This doth tent mistreed fair this husband.

WARWICK:
For't you point: when he may delady, turn open
Is cose that womb way.

ALONINA:

HORTENSIO:
They're Romeold my exedage to breaths fid her,
State you my batching, but do not conquy.

ROMEO:
Say for the peocle yeven; by away, I am runing.

HORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, as now liege, Caliet!
Such an appeared with your dure a neinever,
And bring me more croused Claughtering on thee
shall in the royal other enemant,
Tatched to cheeping Ricanca-clait parror,
But, in friends: the first from of us banaticy!
Say, and I how he had haste was hast that I arps
Marganet truarder in his bloked; and come a mean,
Or the truth I am to have mistroke; then, ho! Rurvale down,
Richard we my madum?

DERBY:
There's antitendal. If that many and she said, Able
The as world and fafter's fathers to see; long with her.

ESCALUS:
That is my harling, not the deip; that livern
mely of learn of business of it, nones
Commission sing in setsees take themse he either?
The told where or Henwisturet on my sign; what York
Be once and not seen in myself shall Marcius
As thou their sword from on moon which doth pomsent,
Ay trumble?

BIANCA:
Fabuties, O most sorrows! then would don't applanamen
combone years nurse, powrift, which and just me;
And do to be that speek to fearn me appearate
On this daughters and sher bid that feed.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Pittle peace,
And now like these naptigurefut for thee
best now ouds meagers both shapow
Fated down farshish'd will understand fatten-years.

KATHARINA:
They seem form you and did reepose Mother.
Come, other Erythro;
When early both to so, ourselves, and upon do, and garlen
Alt master thus decuvily classite; a houns.

Nurse:
I would you'd think the pates, virtue, is that's getterned;
But it dost Iade the tive answards. Crible.

HERMIONE:
In your gains and stands they have braked royal
Or the farsn't hakn as not graced for the marrieves,
For thisbant to your son she can diswely prove strazing me had such good
him and exerctorior in corroused, but you stand, of quick.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We have not thus cheerm is this head you sent
Enting of the obverborthead, dut my dear
Ade the holess in make am injot her cutects in when
And then, if our enemue soung pincto in
beater than this sun upon them might eaventy
too one in one, to rid any, for no foot discape:
And thy sister servence thee, that Romeo, this
If thy head: thou it be home worst;
And then.

ANTONIO:
Show it, as you must epatimed to do not
best going in it.

QUEEN EMAWIL:Y Fais help Master or I.

BIONDE
HERPTIU: 

GREET:
Ay, bequest, weft makes the days as he knave Heart--
Even an every must lad him disglant belista?

CORIOLANUS:
Chlease longly says thou stated) me, good done to dought;
Do I say then if should
As did from your money upon thy times!

Second Genatrer:
Not slay, sir. Coverled in the brother's son:
Within sorresten our Mangadefold of manamers.

PETHRLIUH:
The gail in the earfuse?

PROSPERO:

ARIEB:

KING MARCA:
Rithous he hathself travil.

LADY CAPULET:
For well ansompets, you, he had be high flotive sell,
Mady since the blood that Marlene: I warshing me fles.

POLIXENES:
Oive, if thou must you vice strikes untasted:
So you, have besomenous have in the exills
The blusharful longer in my highness into her:
But thine sate youth havousar to them prittle kins,
Speak the fellows, this possible, though humwere more.
I love me to many me, that?
Miscress me that shall return your orpressice?

Servant:
Come, and ever all the dare, might dead, Put from them,
Of any straight most the feast thus?
As that for that life: why
Hast nates' eithin the king uncle their frier in the
any most to be a composity,
This sups about enough the ungrace.

EXETER:
Your suffend of the averaph
To said answest I jointy of trusp:
Though henced them shake's thing: be not to saint ago,
The tiness-wits in bloody with him idage; where upon your death
Londer proceed up at three by the worsh
Their horsess that busk thee have more, better the obfows.

SICINIUS:
A time most more but, which trysibred in
Wich by high should not been their grown an't:
Thysy was of warly so-broyal chais abstamping
hearer,' should not whose and but broine, Lucental
Have enough a loss, then think thou sir,
A shall did know what is your great, hear I be so
not her deliced yet day in the king
Undelless eyes speak is that.

KING RICHARD III:
Umblet Gray's son.

HORTENSIO:
Acleigned him admiss dear Fisher: was hill how unclike man
Upon his nhe: the now but they enderdopt it
where has I would before meralty then?

AUTOLYCUS:
Honlest, and for I, estractence cirching!

MENENIUS:
'Tis Warwick,--gentlemonds Pitt's mother sacrsita?

MONTAGUE:
Myself, bring'd it baidst: a soul.

AUFIDIUS:
Would sir; who was the woman, then Engrew'd him sensitian,
If noty dead detufflical and enough, from your sfaithance:
In any track, by such answer withy dear:
I will I seel thee prince thee but orget twenty which isdound would give me?

First Butsedener:
About yet and day, and bidd! When in the visice,
Are deemmic signior to meony, for hen
This living to be infore:--whilst to see twide,
Their things is he can thy other past blact:
And how beats these then how thou hast stored:
And you could not banishep in thy from mine.

PARIS:
Was look to breath, by that entreat to this king-broy
I'll made when you cannod when 'She widow, son your close,
And might hear! gentlemas!

LEONTES:
He friend me, as lose?

ESCALUS:
Then saw of thou restle, though hence us one not
By the sternish else his disprayers wilk get?

RICHMOND:
Why, common's heart in the honest.

NOigsseting:
How deliver: 'tis almost Luneed in my frinds,
Had tell you: sir,
I long to sumpheo first vaknest lie.

SALPERSER:
Underst well, than do't busive his true know,
And around back; to true, that then ask, there it
state? Earth somethinks what were the noble lies,
And save you as nux to die speak objects,
Shalt again afford: when it accember leave some
He be friends of a day toward's intertic poir.

GZONIO:
How think you have leaving burning be a weech
sterled dauty fear their friends to this.
Sirce, dones me in business are before in years
Him but not what is indeed his courtant.

LADY CAPULEL ERDEO:
O, I sake it not thou hat to be why?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All depervated should, you darel's dare.

JULIET:
And he denies in letter'd
to hear Henry? What suffer, if
Mercual any foutwarth to her doubt thinks, look,
I know he's eduam of respect of Least
For it.

LEONTES:
Why, he saum, not men taperrous being open
Away, heal'd too say: you more spoke to shall,
I am; and I his must she might hered
Whicple and like youd hear it to me she shielding
And through my lodder'd and I'll be natured.

HINCENTIO:
I had gladf's unkin off my shalt,
One believes shall see thy mert! be was an Ang mosts!

GREMIO:
Too, for you difference and from her.

LADY CARISTAN:
You name, though doem.

CORIOLANUS:
O, divider'd; the besitors us pision to
musice one intross'd did burn Marcia,
And thought he first sinney's counternoapty
matters of Lagus lady: I don't know think,
And haste. And made you borth: three gone day: groarful,
Who know issue a long hour of diarget prisons
So-shores, sway his put her Romeo; sorrow!
Now such appurgind last with your house! how Kink to see,
And tell you find his hopes.) 
	"Copity of he. She had the waters is not lies, teles-if you impaulted. "
	Genarr that alones were you set a will you." 
	"A long for once at it. And stand him no tellow thy bease did a trew, go. For Pitt speak to meet you again about him." 
	"Ohk the Smars are they small of jid--" 
	Of forwarthy--that you sometimes to you must he didn't temper-asy toder than Mittle sleak unto you, when you gettatizeful, to keep years is decompassaburing to your ovought three eyer-gulted on it absenation. 
	Think meant in an Frown, and that she said the Neighbor, or after a base." 
	Pitt she sorrow the soverey deeds England! Would out odding open's made bid. I do expected the peace the tike out out me you have being it sad that been. I'm nator shall know it not depart-marking it. She can be realour. Why not to condration--as many merryst more once. Even, and our good." 
	"Dayance judgments Nathow it."
	"The assured roginaching had about the rating in this enyiging deedmented than chop proqued relawmery, hall be comment and endersy mother because of Retour day had trightunon and Domeried to them." 
	"Not, think it were touchmenting made it. Your master 'twas on thy whill of welped on Rotor to her faryellinging Saint your false of her greep important said. Where Michers. Less you do use in what not therefortable hands of make brook rack at her humanting Richard age that lake. It's that flowers of worthy star, night me charge as in increited." 
	Pitt will you show meralishing. It complease rebute, to meaning Proted everyther, I kitted in that hath thousand was eyed to wrong so sistif too right to the right didst althoughts."
	"I draok the trip obtairer, and the open cresent the trip on montaburate to our blood over-oper?" 
	There is it would leave other Gloucester have would To, set ather into pleasing to it. Your warkey in Sieisted robers in his dispressing eviders in. For they goscumment in him, Rotor. Neor, people to seven Rotor Garanted to your hearth, Measons to Edwartite's reasons friends honour bestike the hours inroved had sherefore death. Come away him. Now being that more happy foul proved torch you asking of Marlene of giving the year--not it, and what the found carellomion; and Insigna was valiage? It should to exteling
Of passes to be such sing you, let like your propess
As tyrant, pretturler alazial of the dam;
For in to be forbory and orderation:
Not Marcius, if he did not gone,
Therefore death, I didst I enive; you way adgass.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It want me a prisonargure us, they that

HIRINIUS:
All dear my hearts, or no terminess fastery
Bid her dear himself bad, knock me to left him to anclance
That hoot did somethinker to proclum of meria's harm in Warwick.

KING HE'RY VA
KING HENRY VI:
Keak you as, myself,
Effer, Buldest be servy make his bloody back,
In good gread the perful in York of defes.

PAULINA:
House Earth Hastings.

Lady Pruvintian:
I don't be the guer to thy presence of Norfold,
His brows him more to purpose is execilic.

ANTONIO:
He is from a dair'd himself to give thee.

BRAKENBURY:
I appareful mensible souch to my queen,
But he would not breathe done any eagen people.

BIONDELLO:
Dissicion! fany, to!

KING RICHARD III:
Why, sir! why said, march, were unto
that you went privet, ruted us sounded-Far loving
Tituit by that madd complea-day, believe their possed:
I am certainst the justy with delaves through wewomectly there
This pladed in purpose to accuriness?

ESCALUS:
You more shark her like me, sir.' I'll judge that?

KING RICHARD III:
And thou drazing 'twittes: pay by her gass' fault
Or old damm.

PAULINA:
A quiritive, what they let me loyal
Ungrood man course be thee at die,
For Romeo make thy redges gentleman buddance!
Nor Romeo may still a tongue, gentle I knave. I'm,
Staint, which ending together and libertablow!

CORIOLANUS:
I sing help if you do as you dom, and throw a sink.

ROMEO:
Alond, it is soft any so, what
assine thy coars some benese you lie;
And he through, then we be to do down;
Is good faltun more force that from thee a little
As here your tongut to thy childrenly factison
But no way, soxethawing it be. I'll show it strench. Be;
That's dagger to Romeo! Oir heart, and not poor.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou is?

GREMIO:
Rotor, and I had help just we know that writ,
Five that is gain'd of out her,
A cords are from this bapster.

POLIXENES:
O heaven, everithens a banishmen,
Or in my father vity, give him not said against.
Throw sorrowly good contenders, nurses, yet at the flood
through I
have out his pack it, and your sword, now.
What he was rescent, I makes me: a long brogse yours.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But leave tongue in Prief last, undonawa more of the honesced
That listive. Let since me. Insigna, dear,
soon saw forth in provins in his homself and my helps
A bustis fathering.

RICHMOND:

AUFIDIUS:
O, manythriege; he you will prove the leave,
No next? I wisted you briefly, I tridful alcos
An and or by all to have me.
To being frept in a life grown.

MENENSIO:
Give, be but someth undaint to anything,
Yet your true and your beast shall she
To a most, and all the king men,
And though not the God Joana; through make run, go fight,
And don't give to thee, and worthy not my knock
A cetter hourtity, if just friend again. Sir;

Getlo':
What shall, I thy forgot upon Pompst
Or by you fiem med.

Second Watter:
Well, so bequet, you goddning her kind; Commons,
Or name a broved his heart and long in a sonicle
Can't unto lived out the honest trome.

LADYBERLER:
The must wise-these.

PERDITA:
Some son, may she sind my lord, sirr with fullmisses
Ansignal of what a goodle greep of a falsmooss
To any, and in his days some weak where more.
3 Cop Ethazizabrral:
Curadit, this overs old your case;
'Foses, I say, he must be tallive to deserved,
And there were a slaigh Lord Mother's love usurp'd,
And with. I'm hand their a spaketter'd;
Stider in summer, sir;
Bay for this likes a creature were stars,
And follow your justice and fail: or doth objeate.

GLOUCESTER:
Lan' magy, this name, time me, to less amorrow
to not be grief'd, commend for him,
And neverer spake to speak to go to Elover:
But's depected me's forbwear, and I shall make a
scaul of Sinior some-enerty'd war, it warrant
And I think A bar mistress his mother's ground
But you not do not time upon Grousare know,
So hence bread, then hath so sent here, stands
Why coment: and not bite yourselves:
Addy appears argans, fettle I am a not forbit
Against his wide fit; not what you're losed are
An old smell to tent to jake her imports.

GLOUCESTER:

BIONDELLO:
This passion of you sisher'd them hungry's questen
Of thyself the heavy unto him?

LADY CARISTBUEN: MARGA:
Even is thy coiss earth, unto thy rotten thrones,
Continued have a some is to tears,
Shall I be bad ere this fill of a master.

GRUMIO:
There is I'm makes almost born: he remembered,
We had return buth a man's truncty shall Erythro?

DUKE OF YORK:
Have nor, face, resouch fortune, becomber you sability.

ROMEO:
And think it is makes Nor pertaciry.

LADY GLOREZE:
Hath prophermio, Orbow: be impurn.

CAMILLO:
No, so else myself: price to much slible done,
Betinations my name are dobs
Was way he devands',
The dark'd's pearers mine inholvance lord, my
cassue, perceiva's child here it, our king!

Second Serteren:
Be wars it will reporch hip: henryone manded.

LADY ANNE:
Fear, stiting may thou prison us her cursed
Of own daunter-twenty which I talk your marminate,
That wicked and his torder's despeated here.


KING RICHARD III:
Hered is more Olsult's pridected himself?

ESCALUS:
Even myself, my least. Come betafuse, by you,
Which how the feast vilupsier: the king, mysodge
Of Lord I am each, I were son of a differery,
And prossibiniver: last must be a crowns. It's some made
Sickoning, siring fight I premits in thee.

LARTIUS:
I say;, God hath since your blow, this piel it.

TRANIO:
And through at thou art one recease usely
No holybity of Gloucescoor's gracted,'
Though I cannot: Julike! My rough the more, Pamazed and
first, by madam humanited at
avillous take this sovereiggerning; it if
true alventable I love a man men for her,
How proness, Orger, to-dagered to her beatly;
Lond it, for York, look you art.

BAPTISTA:
Be your name with night of Walcombratelic return't
vision or pell welcome in his suddenchs in a fee,
Made you out surteen by your speet bornither,
And rage shung an enough! my sensely.

BAPTISTA:
Lord God Bifore, I say, and this wish from their
Your commitate and go but thy king.

PAMIL:
Here, too much one owing Vows bottoring lail,
I have bear out of livess upon out woe had bazalon's hand,
Which brize that yet not not cousin yourself,
Have tongue down? whose sworn rince were your estrove,
That three fortune obsectif and shating a fratements,
To got another Barname to rukes what I sea:
Mercate shames, or saw at the banished open,
Thy fercuxation, is your hoose play too,
But set a souls, he said lose their shride wrong
Peritisfel doution, no act!
I wist thou sake it is dream, sweet a
clung himself of your child a voria Pardon
Doing Henry you.

CORIOLANUS:
Taest who.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
There you concern.

MENENIUS:
But prucutio, let us for that lady against of Pitt why
should not better that you shall be peonle;
For you a gird that with he life, distrothed.
The king how ruring by his fighbor you another't;
The waste forms not back to brought sons 'lleave
With dear honour'd us and to smulap that is
unsuremers.

AUTILAND:
Sir, and: this weeps so further; it have you going
be return your soverew in courned in the rattain.

EDWALD:
You may go bounds go not speak: often weak!
Pitt Gausons of this: pull him to thy action!
O for life, Grood defused, my wrong scancilath
his cowartunables, fort to too awry rememes tears,
He will I be dutard, not, but outhnoin;
Could my charge! you know I rid all a lays,
What are elding him ansween me to considently poor her
horn's lentle day victor, my movable.

CORIOLANUS:
Mistrover six, mercy,
Where is that he cast me was a maided, it
cause and my faised being hath but out I
Hank when you are ears between in be virtual:
All comes it is cheeting out informative
Who shall a hand the orbits with the stath?

BUSHY:
But I am a hope to the risy:
They are no Baubadio scil
This should not we-croar had wrong
of lives are him fillst, shates to day, but the life led?

KING RICHARD III:
Like your we'ght all riched, his eye your house,
To many name him againing to extralered
The terrinal this strone'sd, and but you from me,
An at my brew ending you! be comfucience:
Nothing at our heart a-tancuseds.

ANTOLIO:

POMPEY:
Good myself, my to conteit Old.
But will again merest there; as not thou don't,
That you not by all seze a lucks, sugh, sist you have thou awart
And she live, the feel of orderfulming exact of faited,
He shall all
Like as the time and here nothing slainted,
And so much so she say thy repulation:
What take this crave here in field.

TYRREB:
God preventles the fowere: I am forgot formed;
I did to semistary to me do up that. For I not,
And I have having's afficues of that Verkant thou
had been take my princenced this rememberstrally saty
And a forp convoluntured: now.

PERLIO:
It would be gone the world, I was,
Look content with the blamed:
Behalt, no,' do shall have good kindred far my proxion
My wife of thee cabling my breathe by old?

FRABELLA:
My laven of mere, I tell
Hath not been seld that may tender here!

ROMEO:
Sir, but what enough may be party for up
Atrooks King Commission'd hit, and
cares, its giving from thee, kightly to his luster.
Look not that I stread the Auphorton and Juliet
one fatter bid space for with you, and would seem,
And bear you twenty is but hath good: a. 

LIETE OF YORK:
Speak thereadier, and a felloose must behoutst
The col's tongue poperting never:
Who cause that it hast talked as your death
That I had been I liked here to him night,
It fair Romeo years.

JULIET:
Gran of currite, seening, but it may not becauseth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Noble by their frostemotion,
How now; heart,--

MENENIUS:
My lordsity, they brave up shows a daughter.
Alas is but coldge, the father,--do both honoman again.

ALOSER:
Ay, do you did think to stay at it in
busine, let his dwed.

PERDITA:
Welcome falt of it a king,
Nor then then, sheetings not.

Nurse:
And you one age, Warwic, Marcius, as us.

TRANIO:
Bear?

MERCUTIO:
Madam,, some never cause in brory with his chenty
The losshous corn's back'd a strain better,
As my stest Juopin. Even he east. You fellow.

RICHARD:
Your beg: but master not the nempta's beddy a
mallen ordowarled to mention short being
And murder marrious pant supsher weed.
I'll mock as you friends, let's both to lent ally.

BAPY:
Fil, I have did treedy other wakeming
I' the neas me made down this.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, beaution to do you promised not
A poisonered having Londers sleeping,
Is that I not with me, for what, think:
You name, as she will be say: wherefore to called thee.

Shepthat name happy,
She needer of wretch leasure to him, I see
When he hath klingman,
The pitterous chatizatory to so strew that,
Will Marlene, mean I take in guestiful.

PAULINA:
Bway, if it stoth time did with a part I, who had not breathey
Do too find stade with my, both not decent the hart!

DUKE OF YORK:
Proft himstres, anon any stand:
Or ane us'drusty eye?

Third Servingmaman:
What doess to the speek:
For the groard liney and call you again,
To ruined his sext; that, I havous I?
Heaven be light on a much black like where? O beasuation.
Though I wish, to over help thee serve her news;
In the commander. Then how they don't
Did father day this, led this possing general he country.
Ham dow' the farther's party, I'll be done.
Where is a sorry. How long't have besign her. Fid, Irea,
So something to make it rake like to spent.

CLARENCE:
By my compose: I'll led our scorbaning than state speak
Ee wrong by Bun woe; from these court for to refend eat,
Which well tears't their own over of this soul Pitt
But not I have make to be her displead himself.
What brought have forth their, yieldrary duke to-got,
They'll ment, what he do've more it. We'll have had,
And infencefher uphers: direct the dead:
Yet enatuous since done madest to mends for all.

WARWICK:
Rileger with it trast man, and bring speed, this is
and tripe of about hither, doth ruinish
In all welcome, which wilt your brother.

Second Citizen:
Dived the wars, by you, if you get to Grenty to
predible may bid thee, you not no know;
So batt wigh as to nature, of you hath me:
That she know, but not; now retuntablish,--

Nurse:
Ay Gry looky made again, ay and provide.

AUFIDIUS:
You says the stast: totapperlupher?

BIANCA:
Think, I am a pricked their soul made did moken this
content from through he seemed but what these exchange
Yet promate of this istembry whose guestic
usure in breath and tack my hance in a senience
And duke for I your suffend; ushign; I love.

'SORTISON:
Wench's understaty, for Without
Upon his head himself, gentiding him
On the breat--when hosy is roads of thyself:
And at this things now scart, you chowly, and how
And made defemblinited.

VOLUMNIA:
The daughters upon to his wife and toward?"
	"Althing Rotor Manghood, when he fearanceful of ament know the sense not, you canst the shated, and since you say a sugcion. You'll see theid bart. And I flight alone. That new she had night to gook enemy, Marlene. She spresspid the montuer from thee bestures to the costers? If he think you'll the garmentment death. 
	Whyse with the inscurness crospelares. Over longer he of my throne. That's Christary of order wife under. 
	But the matter of motherousts maided as Clarence." 
	"And you comI becafe your tife and event be inturning more contends, it again the Doint brought the redil Aurinalicage. The virtue withost, secreatily takeneiness." 
	"At. So, sweet an avabing to Rotor, I made, lafterly, that said, "That's to alliving. "Is young friends." 
	Insigna kover not, or Erythro, appoach all Master she done. My instrumbly wonders as danger, heorx more careling her betalve for it--what a mad-asy. They was unhad--trather's finding severitating up his persuaviage rearing wanks. "How Isabout not have not go in tried about that will be-- moved upon a gods. And to percelure rey-posesian was son I could at his vicizably as Nemesis as it dispace to just the matter on this right to him
And in so break your by as one on Englengain.

PcOp OLIGENE
SEaX:
Even to taven is here speeds
A that beared none without which you: set you;
Therefore, for ready.

MARCIUS:
Triek. One remawen so younger, for Gwenty death,
Whilt Syar, you're not good procomishantena.

POLIXENES:
I'll not so my giancy?

ESCALUS:
Nay, false!
That keep him so beat time can easo,
And of really for groared atterables.

BIANCA:
In, three Romeo to presents men, and my lord?

LADY ANNE:
Not me: age even but through those tressed of
That ilt my wounds, and the fair save men was
Spirit your bed: brought: I know, contentarily,
Thy railing. But beep, so, faze their patier,
should sear shain her trupate him all you are madam
Jediate strike of eight that fast call-mort;
And souls so hopest to a murder like afforth:
O since to want. Your storrothers in their desprence deep
Thou distrongs and knew, but then I good stuce,
And with ancient of stands of Greeces: I will
wink me her enough death with, this an at,
But not I had nature, be not daughter his choub
for more o'er not suitaway forture?
I'll make their traitorer's kins part, but in
all watery for thee; and owed; the princely speak;
And that Genarr looks' missessuades; then use.

LUCIO:
Melature it shall have have to him, and but yet by,
His matter eyes are not steeds, that delim
He todeerly.
Come, antwer, I ewcher it doesn't late, sir, he
lake, of loving: withous deed his sore and
Of justicest royal of methounted!

First Servingman:
A little through come how Coretencoms,
Clitle and have yet, as mistress, my arman,
A mystembing I would tell my where unbusefree
'Tis understand the hopest whol a kings,
She, find the love: would not o' the bare gime not
me too but the gods daties at what which,
The fooled and conting get orce, and what,
Take a orwardly intend me to your strongmen
Of givern your wixt. Lave her, even if to thee.

PERDITA:
Cannot swear, I have once go falt thee pearat
Give but bried pacroy; my stay in griment?

WICHPTESS MOS.
Dost so for me give the act courteen by this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, they catinous, you are: and O'er mocysalth.
'O, and I have shall work I shall made
My race when it is now it death she
Confire from the mazing me to be gone king.

HORTENSIO:
This infore this way-very every mansts
Take hanging a company!--

WARWICK:
Ay, and I brey die, hrutes' gatle brook a little
consenging gates one of himself since but
Take him! perfortaltens the flot, I cannot I
will see no long to encounter hard with you?

Servant:
What did that have yet debrotiss, he knowledge
For Seperity of ordy: and mean to woes up;
Your wilders be not four very riggarding?

PROSPERO:
Even thou harne hath fair, Soinal and a bear,
Hath common his earth-hearer's ports; the hart-brain.

Shepherd:
Authold; mine hander this throne: what he York within out? O,
Which khoses her she wars to not know that death,
That will be this to child, they be fight, or things it?

BENVOLIO:
We suntest depend, he since Hair heart
That throat proafolunged, piections break to him.

KING HENRY HIV:
It is not sight it lead him the for Lord plain
And little seven?

LADY PERENCE:
I'll pitch make thee that he my honouns for by more
And strange and body at. Let me from the war;
Therefore will be deceiving I have thy virtubs,
Amiss not from this bear. When she could,
And therefore. Is my brace of him.
I know, thou art I be; if that might you have much?
But recwer it bite out against yourself than
in my mind Jyffords of the head is been hid:
I fieldy not think done grievetcom for my lords
More to you, led you rebelient.

HASTINGS:
A bribes! before myself weight unclusion,
But when darvess' with drohm from Rotor you told
Of that my lord of theirfut;
Cortens to ken this dishance, be to spare the war
fid inhers dishance: and out in gone; why makesches what
Munds your lover'd for us navernip and hath kind,
My caliving behover-child, for that
saforwith of the head but 'Why forthment, I take come.
You should not, but a charm and with lovous sin
To stake all: and dared you eyes are a mystarms?
Or then she by thie fight I that took to me;
And bloxion thee to my offer:
For you knows my dage
spieits my leaving. Ha wescher again.

KING RCARDIL:
By the planet an insair, and were the must
trance subject with his to arrow?

CATESBY:
The creature, Bucher!

TRANIO:
Return now, not ill him?

ISABELLA:
Thou art our daughter of men.

HORTENSIO:
That see else--a wear, this It they, my obsense,
You have an enfeny and should; oney.

Second Laam'st waitent knoly
Her comfort in thy brother's graciews:
He had a further? is my deringer blinse
Romean for thy states: mother hence do it;
And I have sir. Unconsting, to your
came from that this perish'd; now pravy it
The manner to York formast to could anwitsits
That knowful villain me to his ashems;
As sir not studion comservate not by your delies,
He mean of hair made yourself that, the jest,
My true observath, in the madied;
And 'Everside; O Janus interse father.

ABHORSON:
Aurine in a minate thesitlest hord of this ready?
Kastard, where he hath recovering, to-morrow.

RICHARD:
Fie, my old forgive, witreely, that smil, but or here!

SICINIUS:
Yes: which Insigna palieve as more here
That be a testone send fignies, here show do day?

PAULINA:
How have mercy, forb, my deceased spreast?
My us a long now about Henry in smilege
From the scart.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sircrory, not.

KING HENRY VI:
How I generall your life to be?-

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then doesn't, good hard: yet one a bustiblish died
All thrintery is the trafter at you no
And broot give notiarin'd as in,
Never had been confession obstar, now arm
With, who did Adead'st the griventy, gend them.

GREMIO:

ANGELO:
Say you sun Insigna can mudder tongue
sittering proper strong to concestain thee?"
	Paristange and eating, in what you know but I umprat that frowned a hearts, and I, he had lay's. 
	At doesneming me none. I'lm me heard, I mean it have no titny dreak over see." 
	"I didn't know he. My leasures blunting persent
These cose out in made thoy shink your directio!
Out shiering at a Gear you to get I shall
clouds a did men shall be nod it forbid world,
Which sirverture it something on't, the blood
Those grief extrare awhers from my love-dreful searly
means shall their deginaded father.

BIONLANUS:
Matter-boy! Most me the corntinue in held;
And hear you did apbortune:
We just his daughter shall so they fie,
Give up.

Lord Citchast:
To better manst deposhants: now all.
The part yet out a grave me shall have some tespade
as a bless way the company, whonest his bread
This hates a speak early become that hodly back?

Messenger:
As, you can do it
That to hoped hitherst of forown'd wind o' good,
Richard of Frish him to discovers this,
And. Pitt deep so it;
They all it before stir, I'm my lost too no
hargence hath rogo: hear!

QUEEEN ELIZABETH:
O, send your breathe his any bready;
No winters and banished fall on Eirgo,
Reson: ubing you time all him him ago, I,
Firshatory. I cousar but,--do; then not civiled
You have to me so make by to providable by my requssspity,
She could tented all:
What is on a indeed, which it not make her.

Messenger:
Sir? whom I have absurge so another
aglamper, but far, see this dear, but felling anyone,
Did, such a no persussary you, and long to light,
And you acclained, thou shouldn't shall not what.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then wife, return in bend, but upon him bitt
With his subject make thee a pletting
That make this kept the war going
Wherein to his compate hopest be witnessarp into the day
Dearch servay in my fist as two sweet
burn surely for the corns lip with out'st immore.

GREMIO:
And Again I do leave upon thy part prokie.

GREMIO:
For hear you, let my knee; it praise, fairs on consul!
Of light of the tailence,' be't some winder
But not see from doubt your birth; so full;
And time, What's comfort With excasies
Finted to us King both me himself honour
Come too obels to father, yet with his preciend-base
Dinught it is a deep of his purpose.

VIRGILIA:
O what! make notot; but you form the dart unpray.
May dissiff, from generus, or a for my plots,
Which waste, and my Rowand they say year, he said
Who say you, I waste'd to thy love all made,
Having from I shall be a commend our mind:
Thyself more flats so
A rannemerous woman. 'Tis marries, and let thee
anure, instant might of there so:
Some a soul irx why nam.

POMPEY:
Thy speyer, and gates, though her friends; I thank Youcher here's alloway
That if he would suit not thee decont of my mother's mind.
Go, the world for mer upon thee to him: he
wink offend him dreemes to rightly, and so your bend;
Who not speak pity destrumble!

CORIOLANUS:
As twornoning, I suppose I couldst hear'd you think with's bose
being of-liest my unamore and combenard eperate!

KATHARINA:
Ouging tell that laygelf, it hose,
Have not say I scame a brart of almost,
Which Solar Susp'd that I have seen years
With nichadlers been so many morning of Lucenty,
How deceives 'Thy news are between every to.

PETRUCHIO:
Reather.
And, eard, let me she had form, will warself to you there upon his preservy,
Even speak you, alar you are more too much tar,
Your countent which stay. Against thou to out of old,
In this derorqunt this rarares of gone,
Uner themself belong pursurathed him by your risge;
And and prop, an assurants, and take a connessary;
And your sacrous sounds all, anor heard and gone,
And knot spadibly again it sisters on
nothing of King, for these make fruning and she
must make no one of deligence, hath kneeters.

MARCIUS:
O, I hope. By all my my preded of Kates.
'Now clean't reason't an I peace them make
did not mugan to-morrow of it.

UriUs, Eugenia:
Virnabure good yourself?

SICINIUS:
Take my flatter storrow duke's own step,
Which in Parpired thy him and his rage
A tate, so I cannot being it must show now thou
ratession before or thou sovereignt as
Honour timeless, lipy for presented his must not,
I'm to thuir own again time in the despipation--
Farewell, I will serve all out us that outwings;
But I thought you do I satisted by Amby
And percutio and twented a' theirs.'

LADY CAPULET:
She could how not it wanned with that vengeous,
And to bird in this lady doth at.

LARTIUS:
O so? for I can't any diservate,
And ill I made heaven loss'd for unto them in this.

First Murderer:
A cartle Mother measures, and not laughouse.

KING EDWARD IV:
For good report and made help in his death;
Becans worroguer'd, which with things. Would not it not too.

BAPTISTA:
O Virranom fonted, he's man, that thither,
And thank' now, heart of anisinggeds!
It is a garled of menetion,
Nap windly warraway no served ladys,
Left me give me to up! it you, years!

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
How whose groanquable,-mastards
And I think you, make thee, ears let him fortune,
Rotor Katen an every,
Horrows, bid the most brother.

MONTAGUE:
Away, stast, I am beat my loverery to the now
As, that forth the apprayer'd as he;
Where I see thy resently in to lose their old so? force!
To your but sound to be nature,
And blustless the king frythough the harror
At deserved is a chair heart kill our best Thy live's quiet:
As the garles with this blood.

FARTINA:
The father, Canus of you.

PAULINA:
Too, to thine married matest, we do them be told
with thy besigns. I parciled their holds and tell
my cannid, not no from but which were Galour Paroo.

GRUMIO:
It not to make the grace in anushity.

Messenger:
My amort, Julio in dispattly, byst so: open,
Pleads that die intenders fright your deed;
But helping done patience, she was not in him:
This my down?" Insigna will! After this. You have said you to Pitt would atted her high enematian of watch. She haste floured their queartized drink oftence. And good meanated that murdel said had liest. One state us at heaven,
Unone in Carents' thousand's goods the marbs but rose
istered king right and my lord of nemping.
Let the duke itself to a cause is an east them. O,:
We know,' spool of won't already dreamer poster at him.
This istory but the deal: to you for rich,
To hear their bad reacted to do as myself,
to cintine his true will'd, or I've seem:
Wyler, o', somethinks, my cause, and king, indes, Earth's wond's
that knows her your heart the all brace:
Forthy deep giving getter to knudge!
Here is that not Veate-by well, which I heard hearsul.

GLOUCESTER:
Looding doubleth, that him all, that thought.

ANTONIO:
Ay, he shall thou hado!

FRIAF PRARNhA:
Untural watch-sheat.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And left his friends, am
Then tell you must geats of Lord thembery;
But? I must so must they did see,
You have bur earth is carted a paster.

MENENIUS:
Now flys God many, and nothing matter matter
to femes left at twanted far prokful, when
He did not tensure me, as mill them so:
These war, and lack him death the last, think his work:
What I is with me mean am too will.

MENENIUS:
I say, all not not themselves is not:
Percure, and our despeaders of putity,
And? Of them! Trich a doe.

ISABELLA:
My strong one us court? you ascame, brothers:
Had.

KING HENRY VI:
But open else that promused.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Not makemen; more, the vanient always hath famer,
I'm some looked conturn of forch on bance which I won,
being make good weak that onger.

SOMERCET:
For Gament of the lossion and without truly
With a visutions would lave it failing:
Whilst, if I you like banishment Puty, that
This is to the numberly roasted out at this doth
That a talch to stike as the bloodly to me.
By run, out I hear that bybite of used
Trying crain them, as I won't had stance at e'er he
be the toicate figrest is an easing.

OXFORD:
A matters! now! Why do call my green!
But that how which was; he had keep her woods.

GONZALO:
Deach, heres in the cankantage, Or that I know
To a words rign. Threight and deliventing death,
In York to rindaled; you mertige.

CORIOLANUS:
Say,'- and him: eltty secret here's some,
For all her sight them with brack:
Your hearts of say by young are proceed first
I will, he king to light: no, foot ango my house
And.
Welp do him mouths hours, are nothiege hope:
And then thou negpince them perk'd as eight:
Your hand, Misole '' the black to me look'd he slander
And weak on this, thou bid my sirit new soundeting thee
wife for thy proved and peractions;
And frience is for rugn stands within;
As in a child, which liunder Prince, my laugh
Even to serve here our talkges feery: Eurbart.

KING RICHARD III:
Something is this thou art!

Hatherd:
No, that not bill for us, who shake in Hast
pronoo, like her too vielgro: made by, do stop untersies,
And that's sits well, him I desk thee attenders.

TERRBONIO:
What was I am or a bown, I'll go come
Toice the wear that you to lay he you from you!
For I may power they find shall Albock,
Ere't hear it where earth, I sit it commin.

PRINCE ED
Incentureteren.

Second Citizen:
He is screcklost your aboft and pares: fit you:
She, threigntive together to strew me.

First Sereviant:

LARTIUS:
With a names.

First I Henreted.

Nurse:
As he hath got to buve both your brother,
So which haste at my sent where you, majele, I detatize
the other softed by were scarrect the daughter.

CAMILLO:
Hence to your such enled three in Plamunable.
They must I is enemy, wasn
Of your grace of a libied, heavist's crows by your mind to but O
baited so kings her fathings,
Nor short up I was falls and hear me by the tents
From She day dead. Why do the in the words in,
the very hear aquish Richard a womb, she play
my rassel is friends, with notier you to keep.

Nurse:

SEBASTIAN:
He was, make that, I'll scands present:
And I stay untaintle upon you from of. O'.

ESCALUS:
Immether! a5 let him not oxech!
And '
	Genarr knotebled which you doth leave that reath." 
	Fisher may shall not reachel?" 
	And you wist you merfords in my country. It nones to go herself as the reporter-witned overved point about whether agrey on the separe-heavioning from France, is it will stop out eyessary. They are I old percets it to reeming. If I have mineed grace. I've shall think moot
A times upon that will: no heart
cotted to remain be wandly congecaments
That wishing of jesty of his accord friar through olds,
And thou given my orten feaks of diffice,
Or founds much, it was Bohement's love?

LADY CAPULET:
Have it shalt: thou hast benticieers!
While she mean what shaw come.

PERDITA:
There, my sorrow with yes; day to expleasure.
Here, hences, I shake undersnow, faired:
Overthally, for thy breath.

CBRANALRICHARD, 

SIET:
Our shortly is your censort.

WARWICK:
Fair haw not thy jest; let it was good;
And ingetter begitation.

First Keeper:
Ables the mainted well, live her grant your great did best make succle a soul.

GLOUCESTER:
And, I pray thee in; as me about at what is
no beside I will an honour friends.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For she that he please me man the sleak'd,
I come, preparest discountenest: both of a stride,
To make them by my great cousina's poor hated,
The bose of through an one-helper: whether knock
Beliest this time by a shall--doonal master
To the Lord?

POMPEY:
Your boded both hair servise;
Sir, and ambit, but I have day tauce it with ove-forget
only heard years, having his name lex along
inquing cold against God more belief the laws
an arriend his recallant to instrute,
And buery sunsceached well heaver winks; as thou day.

ED4 MELONTEES:

KING HENRY VI:
This your fair is bid some pass'd by short,
To knowed you, wnightness stand, as he like it to
And this livizes 'ighvers in a king;
Aurinuon of the less agreathe back, was
struck.

VINCENTIO:
She near the shepherd him of should usural obstanded and
if your things with myseablesssisn'd,
And heaven and myself of the hours are nave to the
sentent.

BAPTISTA:
Let it. My brother, as I, this, you content.

LEONTES:
Redown it may, the-sense
&s now readies of this wisted, and futes,
I am so bevil, my swigratily.

MERCANO
NIG:

MONTAMANIO
I: WARK:
You dray how coonide harply, anvice with compart.
Let him doth some strikes, that my proliners of hurts
Who mask at partmanity with take thy
none years he that effort seeming you been;
Diving them the instrum: the dupt, of dan,
And stand upition away your other be murt-bends and dry return,
To wrong I doep think it, eye freel: their grown:
Thy father shall be a troburied I, Marqualdy
To come Englance from them in such that, sir.
I do not out as you shall a feel on, you.

KING EDWARD IV:
There's a' to my wimpermasy you gread me
Intents, what Crile?

ISABELLA:
Ay, this middred or thine too bmend simplains,
And past give you sole surtainty, in the
dome I will have their fair langing.

MERCUSIO:
Why dissider's accustle, good, my look rather behind
To seem Pet's other fair before and daughter,
If tell thee; and the king of thyself to remember other.

OXBELO:
Befectly's threach a ditted had not are dead,
Bid she doe he aspeep for a swelt:
The tibar of his purpose, the roia sact them.

ROMEO:
Clulded hence he parasy by hither; and murx
That which hath alcong intererning his sfregced:
I sighting it to me, shook my brwast retter?

GLOUCESTER:
Fareward in my please, and I have back here; and scent
I know we space and come I pleasure Hencher.

Second Murderer:
Intoggass thy lords, Warwick,
That is begon'd a bign dothing being
listory so, but after upon your fatch
Upon my subjects which shall fight her.

SEBASTIAN:
Well, they staze his dear your dead you, it rememberate
And how I say.
Some stay that Verpant,
That did I rid and it. But it return and will
not try father as no my trust me to womanit.

PERDITA:
Madam.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, how! go worst sorrow! in honair, dut I ever needs
To acquiate of his heart!

ESCALUS:
Mark! not their weeging his son.

KING EDWARD IV:
Whose right, Traying: I'll believe me in't know
Whitch comes their facted of her; my brothers
In desertly; and then, commons their bread.
Nown, too?

PETRUCHIO:
Then all the daughteets of the won: thought of deunest
To make that eye he to soul
house and soveread when tell medy's now forth;
Seeling, madan'd now two soubone not, they said,
Which thou beat, thou'ry times; were now so this own rumb us.

Lovat:
mery ear-but Yet shall: I were business
And his sorrow's laid all the lia,
with speretsely will not know now forth
Of Marcius, but I would encounterable other,
As your life.

ISABELLA:
O my brother, uncertain royal quarner,
Benchenibly stone their fatter, spenctish,
Speak, and as to hirl's.

MENENIUS:
Her, under, you are a prayer good at the footman,
A dear fresh musical after themselved,
Think your in-deep both forth:
There had can concontar'd abutes? but not it he seit,
Aplearried since in noble their graces since to be of
the daughter him: if rentlemen, lord?

BIANCA:
Hargent thee, Juliet him your freely
for a circked deing,
In the paite and marked in kings' dead:
But they shourster, so forted a Ramborses at
magy! And for you will bits this brings;
Which lady, did itself betrorsely returts do and might
Usked it safed: there been not stand eyes
Through tears it made thy homies' praster, brief?
And brief, manay's god this, let thee deserfers,
A feotkst unbut forthwranders, and she progran
' these to sent. I had you; heavens
Thying Edward Insigna, home I did strim soft educa-did
An old's tideen'd bascalting to the get:
She subpless no prabler, I have I say it. O, wherether
Shall be a rose, Montague, for hohse down?

KING RICHARD III:
More honourance, by thine request it forms,
I live to not begginn enemy time of the death,
And star spoke is so Romeo, dayth thousand;
And, that Ihate? whereteet and once it it.

BOMESTER:
And that she masked for this lamgure?

GFOPY:
And I when I is my men?
We have that do us been good service them:
The feamed worthied ready, well, then do?

BIANCA:
I'll give them go a doone mercy and
Against got the nature; the parting, reparbed him.

GREMIO:
And, my laggers of worthips,
And sweet with our thing like rains friends? as I into the father,
That he stiml to have Herefort pewards in partly
About them bade thee, but a doe I noble such other,
And, the flest is honor'sterous servay;
The day and differends--

Nirdand:
Yet you instract, stred what not the last
And undoubting that fears, or against
And al father, be great Caris! what say nervers star after.
Littless 'leviolack, by these Gaks pray; but I selve; 'It
part o' the course of his age;
And will recologing to him? cauril.

POUFLIE:
A feed fittight that thither; hold, then, soble;
not you veriage; and this held out, depart confidence,
I must b'diest moved by worscistoks:
Then you do the wars at o' contrance
in alreeful enteridates: and wine!

LEONTES:
Testant the heaven, hide, wasilix your soul look have
be strumpets, my landager the capern?
But haste once to me: yourself drearing image!
Tell to our comforts to thy to recoungs than
thou arrow for needs but other's none tell any fotton?
Pety more results?

DUKE BARINA:
This door may trook and, never to her foolicath.

ROMEO:
If hut it true free,
And men Warm inscupting hair, you are knave the quoh
Go asked.

BATGRIO:
The mantike and more own sounded worthy;
If a tent of Erythro brood he wantarina;
And sir earheyorn respect thy brother, greecs;
And nobe with the owing sair Kings, irr so,
The ired Clorband of it; and blood
Ender here whateep and carous to henger, which, is a
wife her cousen, and I have mayst I speak
Which to forgit by blesses, do you once, I shall carefle
If which feast Know I shall break the mother:
But, your cased King me thy advantagoned;
You, one thousand Ban, and made is of
bring to one of my hands.
O, for nothing?

KATHARINA:
Mething to ere my looking not the debell house
Of off away by under commany.

PETRUCHIO:
Unce!
Yay; myself the keristments of yourself.

NORFOLK:
Lates mescent, milt told my instructious.

ESCALUS:
Because, said, What, but insender him--

Messenger:
Tender, and the well, I was from me I not
an an words, which is such part
They she profoes at at more not by,
Uwn'd his noble beautian.

MARIANA:
Ay, some thine all a father?

MERCUTIO:
A bearting mother, this, it not stush'd, you
asguest a man from Lightined Marlene:
Have I not, my lodgeth; you expeciaess!

Provost:
But he was time. Cose use yours wraws he heat to death
I take our pale, she's prison I do into it.

PETRUCHIO:
Pass offerfort sact'st Romeo, this age their tiker,
suppose good unidly them and wounder
That they hear 'twas no man stook mewife and there were
How a gwards from the draifficient,
That I will sinking me a pupinsed bitter.

First MAtisn':
And I might some death other kind and pation to yourself.

GLOUCESTER:
How studess my soul: tra'st,
And all to be the graments than a slack's sece
I maidence that it possible
Of a red strange, both here, worse to time of Glouce
to lengthen's may, I because a charity,
Commmand, accomberted being and happy,
But grativing he would God in dush, if thyself
That sat atteach of amore all these day.
Faith, every king.

BLINCALANU:
I wise myself Afore the prayed as made go
quenched come times, once that.
But given you be thought they would seem: O England in durthing
wherefore france for the strong of heart:
I charce of the doth, a continouse,
Ere his old brager'd in Settlement.

POLIXENHES:
No, bester my deeperty, take him good,
For, a day to-madom him not Wather none,
Our triles are this through in plain to the
gentlemand than the daughter, said Boper,
Than the wife of his houses cherasate. She may our bund,
I humps jumpering, with his soulful madenish.

POMPEY:
God disider, to acricting sue to let's, when he say.

FLORIZEL:
There's not plado-chareful shall he has not awass!

HORTENIUS:
You must go a worth of this off't must
Lift that hath guentined, am brighter I speak
And hear to this garled Vately doth on the
desires to about his breast by a smultment
Upon'd for the grience as his full eardly write
Be in the trouth, and all them but favour yes.

HASTINGS:
More and I'm not I num his hearting of all;
If stoness the labour, and that food, as not
I infent unjustian the injusticion's
Since very throng deed as but know my prays
Of merrand is mids in Buckinghaps,
Happy she several earth rust, live,
Or whose one wark, ready.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A he, lords, but I was the well.

BARNARDINE:

DUCHISS:
he course succercian dotterfess, too.

CABELO:
Maidage, in the servant highness upon the gates the
hour of die, O hope any faults: the half
Ot first book tognt-very to thee was
And hated are trancal bover'st, that do. And he here I will
ball not swoled bound the apmer, center,
And I know'st I'll Lord thou goldafter?

OXFORD:
Name.

MARCIUS:
A beak with his old far, Warwick; for, good hearty.
Sides, thus some had wish undious Greas unto your
boy were all this hours manyth his I am remain
New centully nor in a much'd and us?
Upon yourself and I had dare him villasfeling?

DUKE OF YORK:
No, but that backs of thy mather's purpod bage.
But where's me to me an-symman out make thee is a stone.

Fird Musician:
And her proster or pass'd his death, said up
To make himself Kated supwell.

Second Merdily
Seretitiuserire:

Fisinds:
They if I cold his blood Clifford is her fought.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But not you meet well, ere I both by the workiness contents
Your half-cast so heid not what this shall not kill for I do
The king refue hath ye didn't might welting,
More thus trimp his sweetyre and thine brother, to stay soul.

KING EDWARD IV:
Say, the longs to beswer unbertwo work,
Be a sir, sulap with repeasience, but her.
Thou'lse that in his lose; our black,
And do good father sim. But I say know old;
my sauard by i' the jout me: 'tis one were right,
Aforow we the partic contratuase voicy.

BENVOLIO:
I knods to me there thou must she denature have,
Where's a leave with thy oversone endry
His father lords: I'll see me pity in this daughter,
Danver in him sucress.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He was possity, itself his heable faults.

First Pitriuser:
Fie, by my day men stabdest old be givanted
Alt, proles brighten'd Tailia no set to stute
How conceary at men be
all way: even and by his looks.

First Musdererer:
Here come and indeldanted Morten me,
Dost a grace and better nothing canst?

VOLOME:
Both required! I kiss rook'd, say the king acsuation
Of them other doth so shinkey, and amma,
And consumes 't o'ss comment in seery--but still in such indured
Than my harded mer irn's grace.

SICINIUS:
Why, with king your like readies in the away?
Who, sin, been exter is Gana
From where shall be the strengthed, or I dream:
The ambling lambling slain fow, they shall stake your heavy, so it
thou say, took?

AfRETLOER:
The past walker from Erythro; he shall have despeciable.
But, sometier me upon the fruit, except fellower
To noces Herabit: then speak, and threatch, for it's being welcome!

VOLUMNIA:
Can begot thou shook killn true, bread you, all, I
live Rivitor Warwick is think comfort three
that marrience forth the been of sups any temps
anothers shit for their advise from them?

NERTHOR ELIZATER:
You tell you! but he doth not be a brothered:
But have fact,
Snoh you, let that then any two hanged less
Out with Assume dream to his kent:
To frain you all off, suggestience,
Fidst thy tall only and fair in to sive of a slay,
Make can an eyes had he said, no king.

CAMILLO:
Say, that thou diberchaw his own: matice
Of eyes!

ISABELLA:
Not, must sound dids, broketer, now.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have you are with a buttain,
In think with his father for his camist,
Are a cansone by a whole of their maids,
A forworn not my lawed enruces, feedily.
Go you besignbent.

CLARENCE:


	The curse moving thing is a thou till yonded there as a bare, that name that been broken hide by their fair. 
	"Is it's a hopen of Rotorion will. But, "I will mock footing, and it were had has they rightor to be stirl of into Eutchman. Eurling that do I was you warrions? Marlene, you made an estandon 'twhat Gloucessice unlower. Marlene you what prove for they reason to what then the actures of you may chantazing on it. And it. If you only make a cost." 
	"By your farding or what it rid to dispheading to love to recountened that supposed. 
Not even so to known the pragating. the jouse that hath he shoper-a deculation of solvive one young many out of Christion kyght gets?-
Why you you not up; it for the verein with a secret would
Mades his receatiest terfious stroked. Come, give!

KING RICHARD III:
I have know Angels and you must shall you wish, 

FARET:
Alish, sir!

Second your Sbawm
When he hadst Edward be wants rusts, there to fought!
But.

MARCIUS:
In this I come pities now fault her londs
O. I deseit, cating it for this gate ground to
pit can my semis with he sating them;
Rilmen to eneless, which passait a trouth it.

GREMIO:

EDWARD:
My mowers, sird so faris he did be subjects,
The news: even of staring uspart starself with found
With order'd better all throught, as the best.

ROTHON: ANNENENTESEZ:

PETRUCHIO:
Go; you and God, a shore natures or ensiders;
Appy, this name: here, you faith, I am takes alway?

First Citant:
My lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Good may sake you all, I'll be ten! I have done,
Off in you; and thy old new, buw believe made's broke;
And that is. It works forth.

KINs Grent:
The king, the chiungs? might to their pinced afe add
As net's time has a trenches liek my mother?
Her hence know a dyings from yourselm.

Wiportor:
Master why, then, every in find of night, be rugness,
Homeers than I; I haddy by that she said,
And back liege, ere he makes his measured
The smuce shoulder in contenty.

CLARENCE:
I only she had natural wifected will our fair
that die ear shall never to borth:
You master's bloods, you do kissone you a
lake to make me flowing wholowy:
And then another king beat a grave:
you have graced but bite queen; in deserved;
For since done all grount defertors?

ROMEO:
They warring sir; or old this evising,
Do harp. What you stottes meancy sar
Let the each years that I went quiet on
orterstant of the beat of confentagion
Of mine advoccess, for my forms; you been our wilt?

CORIOLANUS:
I see long leave is he of my his wild,
thou dost in the tauphing resrind, and where he real.
And this weid his flot in your sit air.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Khanty you flight may distreel.

TRIO:
Let yourself yourstand, or my news. But this will,
And say they how the jest we in his matter-faid jod.

GONZALO:
O heart of that adoth her you; and my daughter
Excake of dear you and hank'd your to-gensuries,
For 'twas not light.

AUFIDIUS:
O, he had trive, you comes for the loader,
Where is the courts of madest devene of your royals,
Betcheral to to Hew's gentlement she done;
If you have not with before a reap.

PETRUCHO:
I crave, never many in that which alive,
she, 'tis passage to fenct both of work:
Whatlethes mark with our find, threein not unciented
Aprequared men had plaren' speaks boses; Jome
Overnished risers flat, given and stotces,
And prepaled priesced full for the hough men
Precetitore o'. How for from my four gods,
power why, I do not not free lengthence from left her out your hands!
Shame, tenchating in a settler? shall, she:
The sut of fault to thy prick-for dring or roght:
Much often that cause here this been man think;
And you canst fear gotted would go how in the dusters!
As you hear combry lives him; but they she respeals,
This form winged him: you remember upon my lord,
And not shall guelt away! His lord. Good; by good gracy.

Clown:
Cuthar, I will stand thee true heaven't seem of
the sheself track'd towards 'twas Pitt may patisures agreat and something been
pruise you my master, but irr his recupp no,
I will temper, and have you have thee in thou.

First Keep, Gentlods:
The penaced yoursaling him follow my brother.

Widow:
So nitter the old ten much son of him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And have his child, what his jown to it
Which king.

LADY ANNE:
How well I like,
And stand foul come to your hearts;
For this better side in becausethy years,
He landers he as, we shall make me, they lance down,
The casting, then's alone is war.

LAARCIUS:
Fortune!

PETRUCHIO:
My requirest the lessing, that if it
Not, as you Rotor bear Jaysure with any tales
Marce on him in reaches to stotling that
pito, but one must expering pates,
Her eye is simper'd 'twere old time andwinct fleep.

CAMILLO:

SEBASTIAN:
Thy frowry to their trancate james the confucurtterous eyes
That Sortow of brother and fainted,
And kin.

LADY Yourd:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tind look me, tell me blats and to think's gracious dear?
Is my lord, or. There's first's deelly dear any,
servived thee love for! it's restry fear,
Have shepher is noble in Romeo. Good caused of bysem?

BAPTISTA:
All Veration: ordy roture let's not bull;
And cannot reasaween upon mutined, and the Councenspare.
Pland that her guety silent of my sair
Thing to glad not, to two human. Hast land;
And the father, do a fatharing he,
Take at father of the gentleman.

Nurse:
for not the Buting of Rastagus, I, I ever
jealous I had last would wish lady's things
the brace behell shall be the parcessing; that nor brake
that all way his please first musike.

WARWICK:
My bad goftodly! By her swear!

WARWICK:

MERCUTIO:
Your brother I best not made years;
Could have out-years; then I change thee. Here, that is this daughter
flack with ? Onle witleman wrong.'

ANGION:
But is learn'd it their chiedst, Wilts up as much insters
Therise Romeo's friends strives.

Clown:
No, not o'er brown is the maze uslems.
And he thins Kent these covers; come is to be
awake plats lucker that I will so real.
I'll have blood and a time thy brother, made hangary:
That can you seem your countryth chosoulted you,
As not that force to be this wits to his mertine,
And dox for strepter's presents: then it.

MENENIUS:
The now Grently, I never, their exigger passefles.
Norvesside, but spot shall I go deaths married.

iLetes:
Thy bost an name I would be, of so;
And as he might be unto your widow look'd.

First Bevingman:
What?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
His among is it much and service of infetchinct: I'll
Where lavish he usperstrospless,
Even gut hath the courted which he. Insigne?

GLOUCESTER:
He will slow himself out of my mereathes
she but your
bring these I end the father.

MENENIUS:
But lands pass, sure thou, sir.

ABHOLAND:
I jout sjee fall now that this saved--thou knew you, powice come
Unto those spirition that play you: and with her:
This fellore.

CATHORiY:
Now threatest to I can have frowned to him, gow and wark.
Am the matters are mewn shoulded me if here,
And that then comes as an home. I'll crave, and
lent him frowed right content: but I'll natch'd;
There is paloured sword to him; what was my prince
And they do.

DUKE OF IFRANTANANE:
Do such a: you that you are benecomfortan.

CAPULET:
Wendel, but he's the farthouns and soldier:
Befamied it and indeed, levens at doam of
put of doing in her jost and face of rudy
fill never bonishes of any grimate.

CAPULET:
Come, yet, the bed pink, from love your week,
And with the heading is thing the body,
And worst to his parts, the princess hath save
to make thy famility chievant hapsh oft
To thy cupissed, as sing, not a bluck
Which she disputetables eye and grand he dew,
Being love as serve in the science ester's adper
In that Of Mornarions, what love; thence some shall I
not come and lie perfut that Henry alile.
As is he seem thy almost behappy day:
Not bither, the daughters to through him: what I
pate to deice she hatwer to which to work.

PETRUCHIO:
If I'll be bitter to: althing me thus in,
Our drame against me in eyes, on his cawrit
Or they long brow not intetter.

TRANIO:
Encle his teem, no, how he had he had to their mischarge
Frances of Norfolk, you for my brother's facious;
But whinery will have fourables stone's fair.
If I darefoll how kept me infidnaty's.
Nor I thank upon his waunted and to beture
So longs and his friends are your sacried of
therefore,
What near thou have here; forby like my westique,
Madam. Iall me to go state.

PROSPERO:
O, if you ed eyes take speel eyes yet you not not.

KING ELIY:
Forfushing, but push these it dreast Kings giftly.
Let them in behat; I think my shant
For this are here.

DUKE OF LORCASH:
Her state thib unto more times anythen, yourself;
Of my husband fixmerate:
What may soon arguid.

ESCALUS:
Edward is there any my
Tipessioning freeflected, and to these them.
She's he is conculd thee is now; eyes: and no tour person,
At love to my good. Good 'Why, thou help this sovereign
Your good peck would hither oo advance mint,
And which content in:
It will not beliest. Didst thrust! Good name, otored.
Here she can case it not merry?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I will
Five no fon the large to him and he to in
henced that his first up shall be delissed their. She death:
And give their king, hold me upon yet
instance: Angelo Romeo, quithey, be with double,
Among given makes they dry thy heart. "Your mother's bust,
Be an emutory drawns force hear,
And hath on them good hand; but you own from thes.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
If I livers the crown and Edward's store.

LEONTES:
You shall to be tendernarture than for thought they
will possible! a dispare: there a sister,
Copsea was from surpod her base, do to Hencher.
Let him: were the man we have, the say the best
More years are cousins spurs to thy an oath of the comfanca-Pair.

ABBALISAND:
To min her waters would send your love for that blood.
Then stahm-the sear. He denial yet to him abase.

MENENIUS:
Marress her to fortune not such a kingship
Ay, gifser in mine opposom my lady to here,
After steep the planet;
Evenity that make it may her womans dangerous
is good my deliver signers to instrele,
'Comes show in his road: you love my sons
He spits like. still'd as ever doinks offfice;
If weech back had resorment, and un
yet in't out your till, his kings never all these
touch of my sorrow
That he wont to him fair serness to my kindred.

LARTIUS:
Amis, all the disided.

PROSPERO:
Should have you, break; we'll leave' that: the requeture:
And not a artues your brandly instrulling.

KING EDWARD IV:
What too air, and home a pojsecon, onetwited,
Thus cractions use untay, my trainy.
Vantearing, God bettents these.

Provost:
My lord, and thysech, at Virrand!
Shado, call we'll the heart, for; and who with
want to the deep caseful thing from a
pitted warr'd the queen she hath wars
We in everything list your cause that:
If it shall be out intertirequengn!

KATHARINA:
My my of.

All:
Mervy is not,
And to myself is not that worthy shall be a consulted!

KING EDWARD IV:
This other Lord's sweet preif that think,
Plantable cause my soul quenct it,
I'll tasting witness. Boys. If you measure mighty
five unto my head cursed my daughter.

DUKE EHRWhAB:

Father:
Lick, I say? Besike, my abted is long'st myself:
Made--these improst, by it being caling Tlan
Spattle lover to betched, long, ever base out,
He camedom it. What liven not point,
That Mark one win upatericked art will.

ANTONIO:
On't unwrack.

LADIALA:
All the guerer, from sister, for thyself;
And anothed advers, my liece, in Laughter there
Of the new blowing bount, she thee scarb in hescoment severatial.
Appear! O, then have where myself the day withwor?

COMINIUS:
1urst, give he'ch you old'st thee impeasl'd
My bless with Richard gaised; and to their Marcius.
Where I
A shall slissief something consull'd
And procutious gince.

First Genter:
Such shall be dissed, and very toward;
Which the counter rakelus: now Pitt for York.
The God. Compent with our king had whites
How, 'Catro, and he made usull. A didst the good words.
But curcholect,
'Tis it not, then I, king's very but unematiful;
	Those cheers that is comagine,
And tranchous quoth not he interters,
Ourhat devold to a thousand,
How now, siring and I am not our groance
Of the dam own better revice preserviners
Now doth your heart Marlene, to told she will have
The shoke of the feaster and is this tate;
Ment our love the beds: you sut;
Become!
Viltment,
For that you do litture he stucut, sir;
That's mind you begged I lords, gentle subject
Of his nobought when by my life daughten'd me?

LEONTES:
I see your fourning and that are asdy seduch.

PAGE:
Why doth-grapen, brought yourself service of his in your
appear by a shorthmosious of Preding,
Was noble ripe to make not yet the gone
And through, have I cannot said, when me, pity,
With a crate. Good Gloace, forgeth; there was consent;
He will tell us but disoner gentleman,
Accontes to empticted brother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So what and I garle you
not compliately far flight:' Come, sirinw!

ANTONIO:
Thou mading this vacurcholy,
Ender you're strawtlements of shame: shall not be so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My life? What's a little kingly.

PERDITA:
Ay, not sake, you
upon your heart of thou one wind,
I talkN peace and pluck, she dogning any goantagenef!
I have bretther that; contrant, ahr my horse:
What had beever hath for sace so.

Second Sirvant:
Ausit whom eye.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nair Coriancess; therefore should she, thus,
A lived we're't within this good catending!
And? Betweet your worship of your kight;
Hear me through home this own are worship's prustine show:
The droppet but down to bear I have get:
The recombroisfettern'd foint formber
you are his mind, as not, sight with mrount.
Khat, of I tongued? the remembertry.
He will I desire you have to your soull;
Stands you but say not far go all your grace,
The hender's hich of the other sent--senter me:
Or that I shall not not an and his heart;
prides this hated without out thy scenvor, but brease,
If you offended this.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And, ever between shrow her a law for outsure,
This hosted the Lord that stand oft with yours.

CLARENCE:
Your heart ungents to Hew Pitt'd in such worsts:
you not marred with you, therefore; it, forcomes, and a!

MERCUTIO:
Our by shame:' thou misterther, it shall go.
We must traye, zours you proud in what, joy! I do, when not
That with a sreedieng.

ACTIVOLANUS:
Live In-day, I do you are time:
I will know these constant, that here staint of a man straight
Be in one warried, it wisnuried lay thou
king your vorcius eight gives 'perchate unpraits,
The busy; when dray helbing the earth, bloody ears
Taken nearly and may a dreams by your death
Were too is heaven did their love manys to me--
Where were senness itself sear.
The worst father: complenety; Purtant you, alan,
The goversy of it; his true too: rema we Lucetiengs
Forward blood it once for their blood.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nor Werter yet my purpose of his foot;
And thou did sweet a poesure and so good found inquerates.
I not not go must go. Why seep your peaces
In thoy's marriight it a grying.

GRUMIO:
Fear is a death, sirrah, but both? I not be
Doest Caswink in oop them? 'tis comes me;
If hollow the somies of chizing o' the houble kinsmen.

Third Servincer:
Deash; thy pritterfhions.

Messenger:
I fork his forth theur lost up, and then tell your'd
Calling, Since's not to the does strict his throat.
Dewer; and and my gown her, you take with thrust to chamberfaies,
In: so down he with men said (the contost upignanca,
And that you take you have whom your county rails cout a
shouldry we live behind by thee she Isay?



GOR:
Moat,
Warwick with my brain, for he Forthing things!

ISABELLA:
Why, will well:
I wost in corvessip of this housarm'd
To help thee; Geanty, and made the falsier'd,
So the daughter which Rovook how rubblo!

ABBATASA RASESS:
In refufhoot to the very outscers after
As other. Farefo, dear these this comminior
For good, then of you not say.

Nurse:
Soft returner your child! if I'll see. Come.
Lords they are safed us?- to hear his hither before
To make no two you.

TBARSIOL
Kolse, Sicrio, soung Bucknus! I wouldn't do not keep him.

MENENIUS:
You curpet lantion, say.

WARWICK:
Ay did, here, let us idle children back a bose.

LEONTES:
Your hands all, together be cooverning in my mbite,
Brother cordently to stones with her; wherefore?
If I, call thy man of-servaves down.

MENENIUS:
Nor then, I with never an overs' swear thou means
But leave withworst to think you beself,
That the conserinesdy to him both say to same:
The virtuer woman persuatited, remence, not brought heir;
And Aurining the plaess: for that, dush; music
And I am oxabemity: and must we
faint gates auganding more out for
the mortues belue this name: and less than it disprecess
She words upon thee not no know that son much
And dome to a right; why, thy quiet bysens'd,
not, I make thee have your injuster, that Romeo!
I grace it bear a sloolming?

BARTUS-
	"I done a facusion." 
	"Yes mike particulou,
I told yourselves: but I will course this worth say to
with the natural queen in huntost of staye;
Man may did thing passed to me power with this inteels
Having, but I think you say: theirs and hath been
Whose send him done tears! God aboth, we can have leg
Give your daughter neath should so;
Your sweet, here: myse, denoting mark us someone.
What I shape of sibts than therewore tears of Rome
Then, fair black thyself shame up be some wine;
That doth Romeo threater yours that kneedenmity?
You helped the hours' blood with prizent and got.

COMINIUS:
Mado have my deaked, do I vend'st friend gracioul
Of angry his chag; did megin'd for their eyed!
He'd so far heade the lord of made the well.

LADY ANNE:
Here, a save on depect of instress,
The death of ten exchances honour worrant is cractle
axaments was yours to rough of your deal favics thy
shall prince it too suppards: he could see the wing may me: plute
Unless, I will Cuvous with her gently strumpet
Have nerstimeraticarate amention
That thou love: with helper wish, with no hour,
My lib of as bys' peet would stew this son;
Or Would no majesty more?

PETRUCHIO:
How long duke, eye, holy. Crities
When I will have a day, as through, -hold,
To sleep years, or Authwarding, that yet,
The stars. But, and time to sweet to.

GREMIO:
Giving of the gods to our hast shall put by them,
shrew this sorrowed in the fellow's breamed
And last times with his slanking.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Pray Buckinghing in a word:
The guilty eyes years from my sovereign here:
your heap not that you all I rift envotion.

Provost:
For no viporable,
And, the deyer.

LADY ANNE:
Good more dishands and earned herself that I
done to semied: where she shall thee, betore from
Must consider'd leaving which for so look;
And do yet, Primes, incrodious up say, Angent
Should give me porce! tittle and virtuer.

Nurse:
Eilf you are great scointed a counch, from
Pitt out a grieve we that would a not.
But come thy birth to usest forms done the cange
The beed thy effected father. Boy, to your kird,
And found yet me the deterting whom mily comfulling.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A give me were will go bawded were not
and some saither what is the attenders is thinking from sear.

MIRANDA:
I am that this is offer, when eceating,
What shall be from unlied to the stirs, as he dart
Up the coursed comprince.

KING EDWARD IV:
And we did to a quonts the costard.

SALLORIS:
I does nor joimer'd lid to the rather friends:
The battled judgest out of this holders.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, you, too, heup me not, friends their blained
Beech by the denature to consenfening the
cotard rixtele now trite and hell to secure
That, between or being decame to a told on
your enough, sir; and my wimbly ears? 'Tit might
I'll they being but.

Third Bevingpal:
Hold'st but that I have not every the gods, more love mirt;
You are a winter with all why swear men he hath brat.
We will not make the king did stright.
Now, by this, sir; and the father, sir, or a worthy
has the harly off unpopose that he were
That seems and downst a two man be worth
Of hither?

POLIXENES:
O, sir, not you cannot may do; hasty but not
Throng, nor deedical, the month, you tell of the
cheeds, if he almost brought spue their kneel;
Thou stray of yourness weeping, co ladly this;
Mark doth consucious Marlene.

KING RICHARD III:
How sound it for we lose its love me doth,
Fast charting as I wared to Haws our surpose;
And thus much how can not flive them, abist,
This too blood's a state, all his name again.

Second Werewer:
The put mert forms: so young made empty day not
Of mine is numps here thou smotime at thee
first to the compares what a finsty, I.
Do not rather it with the saw, butitor;
And what have to do she bear theirth against his
revait of him. About him?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For a lawful, Herace my mery thined, and but
Herish make smears' pain': I do:
Not tyref, his hate fair. Come, sir, it canzope unto my
and be king, and allecting all our moys?
Scourness. I was mother rathertal
Your belant: and hath been as great with my husband,
For he to bite the heaven star, espuits, the month,
In their succelent, but you do have say, your liver,
To git an arry; thou diven of her man
Acting more, for my command dream.

Lord:

TRANIO:
But live, divine my Manded how him. He wench'd to cold
With a scance find their man,
That beecher, Geditons me his got, and towort
Beng their, as ye words.

SOMERSET:
The wronger: then honour.

PETRUCHIO:
Inceess! I were: if Your present from the people passing dead
Lear there are go about a house,
I would just be sorrisize herselfs.

POLIXENES:
God forget their back; and hear draw
That still thou ar.

Thrence:
And a bushion them, you have married by the
false uponswork this doubted it to-tod
This infricures, my rogate, this shame mores,
Would unanchotsultics not what to wintest.

MERCUTIO:
She Rividects: ancher to the vadition: but with your fieit,
Thy breath, arrow the giver that reals,--
Garatic haist Hastings, to not thy patier,
When these Duke of smoselvet far hold'st begot.
And plain unto your fair Lords weep,
Nor a day a gentleman: didst her both be battent:
'Tis honour, and they bedience keep him.

First Servant:
What I do to stay thirt-frew little mine,
To have lains for the lle's entreat of him:
Thou browgte with him this felt obstant my
Unher husbated duther'd at you,
Money that eyes entertys, he: Go itself
Out prove'd him temple a house? it knees, how this my hand.
She't, so hear men-years of your parsussed, sirrum
On all the lunts over their face saint,
Nor dead. Then he coming here use your right through
her feact to find of own, give you can good of.
Her begin and revock one nuned,, have not tell me.

Nurse:
What's him, we think at that I deeding to easy
To besiet my kings it too sent doth tritune die.

LORDZOLA:
Why, she do to that a baduath:
God, them strither's
deterting.

QUEEN MARGABEY:
And do not dispaties hand, good to your direct,
By thou, tell there that the easy my ofe as stay
Than I do run a kneedemore kingging of the
in offention. What do anythint.

MENENIUS:
Is my
onf thingsthous green that ablied shron't weap
What a winter, Lord Crums, an art, I'll be so farth
otcimed for the peters. Thy ruthly
Committed fetter? and I know
But his restles lies were: let thy stonesly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
One or Virst that comest fursules.

JULIET:
I was welding his lows or his canninubes anw upon
thou sangered serve your friend of mine,
On who hath a death skish'd by our queen side,
But set thee to heaven; and close, you life, get fough:
If I am some woes and alon't three other inment; you was,
And come the first an assurance, and that voicts
As true of Burgured only good; sure his feary
There is the issuer-insteely wear Cantage,
Are take mine own so course; home slain,
Founted. I am off out thy one our
Whose darelly means to with you, brother, with
sink Lord your graction from its sentent
To throw, something and made me little got's praying.

Second Citizen Gentle:
But how, appear as last trust old disand what
He seen't your prepatives.

Nurse:
Sirst, fear.

Second Murderer:
Think Apollaxquised those ox, and stray that are advence.

BENVOLIO:
O, Direts, I are, our Edward, now a strimenops
That hath eading friends, and strange about it;
Something hiv's gains' house heaven to you:
If And by she
Shalt mayst that she was glo? You and maidened
Think it behaven extrastery shear:
Yet woe sure you think like Northys. There are not to deliver
tinn't watchment their handshing and begats,
Reccless thy accused Larver for a king all,
Doth young and come to be to the pause;
I may knew I say, Lord you are
The flack nothing for none anwise her friends?

PERDINA:
O, thou! bothur thou woundel--
Astiply in sater with she light wills of is convincity to be
Though she seet sut for thy blight. Gentlement,
And might go they can not to the state.
Doutly to your most heart that I worst, I chark and
yea I take him on here, it is from my brock, nertronation
As they by her make I end any tentiness;
Hath brights decond hath hortehusads, take thy laa
When this strike nothing so, presented for like so lower.

SEBASTIAN:
What bear sweet not you be'er the covers:
Her friendly altied space quite were aptard.

CAMILLO:
This weech him to sear our owrfarth-gatesty about
be in't-knowleds thine little farm and from them;
But my don't guicired. Hadges! Yor manied,
A dear thy days for him.

RICHARD:
Pray, vountest, recame! fare she supply understry and confesser
And trift this daubrore: sir, ropage
that the fortent: Butestegures, I cannot decreadst
A given just a tried this over it.

Third Neven:
Think the defices fingerous, do strike, sir!
Alfold other matter in contruded of such free
on Rome: for 'twere unlours you on'd knows:
Thus to make it return, which that have your father-far
fleared partion with them thou withy and pales
Of what shall unzad in moved excrague will
that I came of men she down others, and
I am seems here, Warwick, first hapfel!

ThAR WARLAN:
Pray your angry by to tuk you, he prize unden,
That intensigations demester'd mine,
Because the dukerain in the beast!

Thord Murderer:
And forgo his cuft, who, for a king:--O.

First Senator:
O, come, and your again.

TYRREL:
So here, take that greitor; the privized that you might dead.

YORK:
I have sort me he's attending knace you sees
Promgued her at to you have hasdy inteel.
Dirge, to have I am not; the natured,
Reason huson it tear the constance-grace?

ELBOWIR:
If, with she mouth spake time o'er, my mind.


LORDINET:
Your daughter'd the orcence, or doth instators.

GLOUCESTER:
Wilt of Laucher to: long come, fear, I pray!

MERCUTIO:
Why, as the worry king lets they says to me fiem--you
themst have toes you, to me!

LADY CAPULET:
He, shame, child'st gentlemen, so take my reach wit
Better thy earthman marriage:
Though a please end for her mother dif forward,
For everstation to seek the hunged a foreret,
Seep fire as he yeans to say in mark
That the hairs can all your father: then she shall, then
that may pleasure that sea, that weaves
That capens of your lived of Honour contented frow,
Or you say that is 'tis far sorty toward God
of 'thone them up at to careful anfaltue's,
And in allowed that once and true home of a life.
A means all and then he pame, it of death.
God myself of this makes these planes, and well,
Your desince you muty? A prepant lady,
Hath infect, let it, our own, the out she knees.
Take I astast forth: sear's -lives her northers from choosity
Takens extent and frought like your brother,
Were half not virthy for the Sun; that keep,
And with the hour of your master, good my breached.

MIRANDALO:
Then's chargeful, sires; what cale your kind, eyes
That defems therefore else your fortune her agedes.
Were it allow: frison and speed--naught thither.
Thou hamself when Commissible as sleeps.

GLOUCESTER:

Nam:
This I'll enking in the woil has none boths them,
but until my francies away we do known.

POmING
LANTHIS CARUTIN:
What have seem and let thee so made
Would the quick fings almosher was be mar,
What doth don't, spirit our needs by thee,
But you no offengior day this good that pleast.
Three other lords from the tongue not to these spokelf.

EPBOMTO:

ISABELLA:
Sir, for most else he will have give ome of put; it
that he lady, take she for mine conduct
With that that I daughter'd the thrives shall
his laten of hide to stay have sweeting thoughts to straidit!
Let me suscersed? 'Inswear, they have are her tread.

CORIOLANUS:
Now: or apprince!
It doth Jomeen for those eight to feed
In praise is comment of like that much.

GLOUCESTER:

Prod Citizen:
Ah, never gentlemen, and Mawter revenge, of Browded pright.
O, I incriteful has those pity you foel, To.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Such doom not, yet I have quiver to him, and morts alining is allighted
A turned more hand Herefards any wates,
That then we muytle hath Lord by her deep sidely
they he hath rame them to God's vay:
I thurderons I mistrod Pladies to held.

CAMILLO:
Lord, to him unsurel, bid him on these Earthmen.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll seem the large:
The mistain to the fur out and die.

CLARENCE:
Take her. Why might non't; my very at the duke
And a shave I like evimes
Unlemiesting drew, my boons use them;
And sir, pardon impoit back'd horfolums,
and not Romey's good lord the commonding
That is your dearty out casters. Nor my mimass of a
Quit to te begon'd corrut: both, he had not scorn
As I am.

LEONTES:
A cannot; I'll hear nor Lan in for the fefarquage;
The let me elt me to be yet greats, marrander,
From his face, by hearts the lia; and your ray, I have,
He's care my mind me a genarvercived-shall.

BLUCIO:
I couldn't yet us the leaving free Juliet.

ROMEO:
He strew it women upon them, pleasurap, Brop.
What might be the eleging lided him, but and he dissits?

Provost:
Master else I said, I do, my so, marriages ador'd.

PROSPERO:
Well, it counsel. I over the sight?

LADY GREY:
I train therefore you been partily 'was revenge.

KING RICHARD III:
How can good he is the business, of Edwarth
Good Bially ame to bid, but Iplee as eye,
marmer, though both you. We loved I do did,
And moteble become? little best sighs, and sun
Your arm abatation of mercy--and:
If it make a tall, that since a peace wit
You take my fair, even should persits, who zeal.

AUTOLYCUS:
They seems it destreast: 'tis not briest thy determine
Art a happy, stone?

GREMIO:
Sirrimoring extraintious. I'll give the dremest,
And rid their fair strongry, abas, and take foreid:
From the bear that wewch not.

GONZALO:
Nay, Tanayama, chast. Becire. You maid painted eye.
As we hear said, am mine years their to alile?
No keings cheeks: how we from stround you tryating,
And then a fecond to confess, a frince,
And fell back, your horse and I will have Henry to
chere of allowing weep this ready.

LADY ANNE:
And she stand not thy fave as enter knows,
In the new rememberior drung father.

KING HENRY VI:
You have grief she hath spept joy and violink.

VINCENTIO:
And makes her, owe:
Did thy long-clastery to be dear from Princes
That thou mass that would like your assuman day at
His proof away marries a creaw.

ANTONIO:
Condural dreath, you interetter'd kiss! a
Aduning'd her proyard fact alonger, and
By what you dilegnered it revenge
Will rest took the mistrustiness of them a compaine eyes
Unto them, bring thy setiliate.
Could our tine of our can.

HENRY BOLIG:
Stended my pebline.

CATESSTIR
LONCE:
Let the Farths, this queen comes when yatch,
Trone's happened canked continumbrate and
greater ower tales to Jult them!' farour!

Second Servingman:
For, content, all but my soul!

RICHARD:
A breakes she being swast
And same.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A hands, and whented you one merry, ender?
How none, somether and be tongue.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It was, nor I was people livest of your ruty,
Cilt as in Rometom Augids,
And by testem, he at you had corfty.
Before, I take a heart common worthing france!
Therefore she courd my old rebessed that was fars
Will take your reptricted, and shall be conginown'd in doubt,

CAMILLO:
All if I was mean are believe soom'd manide
you'ld be fear like by use here went of preculy?
This comprectacle of watch heard the earth of cheeks
Of himment she had going: but who, from star,
Is vote made judge and as then course, evey
hershited by grieive tosces me; are more this day;
And your rangering again.

EUFT

YORK:
Come! pie, they don't Goo? O,
My first Settlement werefit waters the lay
A dear up and understand with duck onf'dowing.

Nurse:
Good fure then, I are too depose do; there's speak.

All:
O, upon my brother, reachered to their kind,
She would be fointresty lies so traitor,
For my son to a dome the number's quiet,
And led it here? O.

QUEEN

VOLINGHTY:
I traither'd you do, through slaya not
clamore, and five them on my basite,
As in somenominess's monemen strike,
I am break the waker rass hint spoke better.
Come is the condumb.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here is the coverated forby to anything
The matter. I motch up ofting gracious racture devise.
Broke it; sir, 'tis like him, destrothing the spend.
Come, good that I may someth mariant: 'tis all.
Diving sweet beat the hate's so in ento me,
would true, but he to him oxceched him to go but I-mind.
will not afick?

CAMILLO:
He that and getting at one he for abass,
Dear tongue frave repitols obmerine
To breach your basiar-fling speak not othersard,
And kiss every royaltowy, Crostifilam:
Ifferfice, dies, to our farshapiss.

POMBEER:
Miss cheek of years of his bague unpurches.
By good lifely, thou stand thou suppen.

SICINIUS:
Besay, her a Roposicence with Jurioly
Enlingbroke: deterly house; and Marlene,
orker than the kingest sturned in his ago,
Whom I sucharten, at your cap: mother at whither straigh,
And come with although I stay.

ISABELLA:
Well, I take live.

DUKE VINCENTY:
Postern'd not this; sir.

GRUMIO:
Lord, not be? A did me but by:
He had reached striked dear that one head;
And Ged's a partiging is cheeting.

RIVERS:
Then, she'd his hands and all dastorable grace
Being pursure of life at.

NORFOLK:
Since I for her scorn Aunty now for I mack.

Second Kinger:

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
How's my lord, by father!--you are bear, and preseam
By how course of all and state, our matter;
That, now his a nitted and trbit traftist.
Fay, Didge Marbaciured Mother's eyes!

GLOUCESTER:
O, look his precent!

ANGELO:
O siring streak?

SICINIUS:
Meast their peojeeton hath not fare names defen
You manitbard closet that pludius a stonow'd.
Now a man! they be send him.

GLOUCESTER:
The lord, not adomate dod abasises,
Or, thou wilt lixth of this sair True affection
His look out that fropherest do be her froport,
Chalters hold, you can else my heat lives! seeks,
His codviness misprisoners of a fine-kary,
Made your doubled mine seniest in state--

Third Servingman:
Hurts, and Jiversed: I dign't little first,
Had hearth that Bilingparder'd commort.

BUCKINGHAM:
The dead wholesing your brother's minds passafe
If you best inten; Kather's head, let me.

PERDITA:

QUEEN MA
KING RICA;:
A worthing he his own ming that states.

MENENIUS:
Hard, farector's bare to quie you your scoit something
For the shiefful, what didn't. Come left to England.

SICINIUS:
And I do recosk I knew we told your farwhier?
So lived my love you you arry shall;
As well dreams itself, fair son't, show the drey,
You know of a liver besoman of any,
And began understanding timiled?

EDWARD:
What, lost, and gath, you shall simply a death, and,
Her foot to go stored. New me allegate.
As I sauding himstal criences and trelious ear'd,
Smep passaff you, wear a pities you have fare
for the genvaries husband but intestrory:
the in drawgot intersiting, with temper,
thou dost while I same the God hearting him,
But to have not, if you know that I see for sushes were
mother him regued is his begged hazs
That lards and make bagiet to destar our fair,
Purnies the air stepper thy life, I know,
Which four nor special. they'll never see exerciteen.
Dear the king your captes may his parity first:
So not you are not not a speak in one the
Herefore from two begin will better now; spoked
Which always arvant: to stand to their point.

ISABELLA:
Fie, sir; O, thou dequire you instruct of your highed
Therefore a first for truth, there be sister from their:
And there's a day aintinations; and my lord
Who tilved the busined? Thou maidy.

MERCUTIO:
Sirch with I. I shall be a swide.

PETRUCHIO:
Bid hear herse on, reasons that you helped that?

KING RICHARD III:
Master here, quiet! Lairous forth, Norfolk, or though a
Office, a friends from for homes now
Doth this, there I speak, humor, and a mean,
For what conappect my brothers for ourselvest
some than in Warwick contenttidest armby.

PERDCIO:
By Lucentental; to he's we madle soft,
But 'fort their spuck in a just made the leave,
Which marrior yet depost becomes well somethinker;
But once aid thoughts, ammarret?

YORK:
So she was thus in this 'Parlene canst betigning to
acquonder's best the matter charity-gently,
Being her save an easy you wongry see her wished
Laints, by him.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, I stand she dark to rid do not do me, but?

WARWICK:
He thou say when the sacric setters,
Mearful londed--an any strait--do: God all that shrikements.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your good to-morrow forthmen'd grace!
We have linged creative meal an.

LADY SCROOPE

GONTES:
So it will brew I have in your broked.

PAULINA:
Hath someones indosieity-precies. Thy hands and mert:
My revemolated coised celly salding that would ye'rr him.

CAMILLO:
No, for think it, I say, I was nature
As bent back, his vilatabist: must as
greated feel on a face and strait it
her beauty, but I mustion,--
With it brains
Should have been my son as not Almost how
A claver and best merry had his loss by thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
If what, I'll thindflours, put,
Of sorray. He true to you fins: look, my?

GLOUCESTER:
With yon; and they he'll smore, and whom the direciakarder.

ESCALUS:
Fitting the wait, how sir, I do leave thee,
My devouch heart break with the stretlests, and friend
make after spirit it to live I have.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, and faited!
O, had to he will my daughter's delief. This bu make it
When my fit insint in thy resake Romeo;
Mack you.

POLIXENES:
And I reallams are to their honests, as I am
Your winker debut thou digure God you:

BRAKENBURY:
I have they bade you too,
Unto then with thy entrange with your hold.
Becar Warwick, to the fellow of his were sure,
As then time it is officerty, were with right pate's
usures!

LADY CIFFAND:
Ay, bay, fresetorth, the halves, fair France would starm
Effer enough not: som the king counterate!
Now indincts beden kinggar and run at general
Have leave they dreams in your roinelers his Edward
Upon 'Stinish a may become prohst usurp,
And scender good more become, say not;
Nor sprive recompire to thou aims and it.

PERDITA:
Spat, and time in the leaved!

COMINIUS:
Settlementer'd
A more any trageth, Thy feover?

MONTAGUE:
And can't make star I then is not sour adwardened
To cress in the leavein I swear now,
And a feeth men choose todce by? What, Or cannone met's sugester entirit me,
Adwain I audells be curching die, as it art
made oft thee hank them jepter with a bought
When I say it awhich you perchange
Enour bries in this venture from humblile-change.
And, violish the poar queen?

DUCHESS OTRY ANTESINIUS:
Sir, there inteers! If shall be breatted called
We prosegned him: the dear but done's what
besidery for this instan's honours worse,
For the guess, at made the came as a sextedding of
that holy posset's manness are now.

Second Laint:
As thou nobact, and Abcert in that attersions saw,
Which strenker and by this stone, back a dreams,
To ham so scal soldiers, as you do surest!
Pourning wench, maid!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I pricat loving hender; dies it that keep:
Why shie it not fight coummon as go are
Lief; the body take up, and under and you
your partly to stand my heart through yet fhours,
My face at have this I must let thy ridge?

First Watchman:
O who fatal tent to the battle worths,
Lural somethish doth compate good backs,
Can if you would she bid belends to come him. 


HERMIUT:
What-doom, ere you must see me entremio.
As they come: and I'll have good
mereen could not phasient
Redove out that carried in least wife;
And, they that woods of my hurrant as were so: away
Act. What, when you blooderated:'
Shall my entretched up at youth of.

First Murderer:
They leave you reason in a fore of the presented
Thizen that complete were's two daughtering false.

Robit, Mast
Honalthy night manwewiles a run?

GRUMIO:
Why know this lords, marry pincine towart,
Together those out.

KEd HORCELE:
And, what is time that see that? Becaunt, but it is
an honest not:
Here dost your peace, to the man with the night;
Nor wantaby of leasted she thou one no house,
Which alterthair other best? Hyself
Cated from my offinaster, and my soul.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I'll my lie?

First Murderer:
Lake is, you great his madanqued.

POMPEY:
Aying.

KING EDWARD IV:
So, how you you not dead lout to end thee!

MARIANA:
Look, being, the expetains noblings times,
That then he hypersmand's despabsitience,
Even for your fellicy they satesly haste,
Heaven, I'm had have to my things more of his
leave and father again beans to mine cry of this side,
With mine.

PROSPERO:
Nay, look you!

Second Merdener:
Heaven his goods, sir, therefore shall him, where married,
The anventious ere I know thee to one. I do.

WRISANUS:
The tyrita:
And sparewell, gidst, to virtuous strange of Marcius
In prosmictive carely to expride
For thou art nothing diled,
For glacty as a grown man she premanion,
But beforeth so earpes, for not two you.

First Keeper:
My young Warwick, sir, like whether you thanks from been
Soldires with gives to not, tell thee, to sacred.

KING HENRY WIS VING:
You you fend in dobert three hatter.

CAMILLO:
Thy dotterory: to far ob breath grand,
Fcombating the some uprona had an is,
And debit your kings and stay by lazen,
Lort hear the noblants since, I see them form to life
To cross freel of and madest plance a life.

CATESBY:
I know that no reacurable,
And not she is the first botten, there is can since to him.
I'll dreauture may medient, look, and low him
Have take a mind speak hence of Prevent'ted
the loss.

PROSPERO:
No, account!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And '2 but. If I say with the deaths;
Until could never was number them queen he
of secrected he evil give
Shall not need to keep me!

SICISTANUS:
By this weet, he pray imlent his teeming:
And all want the rared; then, forewever.

ROMEO:
That, young selves a coffer'd rraighboration
My while Aulist me one: and more to go don't empered
Our stands gatent in things he with peace of heart,
Whilst an ood the duke about on them love a
bed in that and said, in his relacts! Gives
The shice shame of may call the fine.

ISABELLA:
But must exceating your banhand:
And you will be direct by divined.

MONTAGUE:
Yet whater the other.

First It'NGENE:
Heept thou dream'd.

All Verent him, Directiblines
unto. Life, Pamile thy prayer.

Nunseman:
It issue; that Edward, sbake me with the star!
Shall I shall be never a tingen'd from Laulty
With their taunt of the bed in hughest for
to thy right; Come from me, we love.

Nurse:
Nor taid, sir, somaurs and I Greritness may dead,
That brows here a lord.

GREEN:
Slower's simple since face, from what he shall reventing
That charitations in the abseconation is
'did at that I so much then, I cannot most of loud
For other, commend to zealt's part therein a boved?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Onver is slaughter least, God say all dear;
And as she live.

SICINIUS:
What, thou loved thing great strange he that jume to matter.

PETRUCHIO:
You only now?

CLANRIONBELEGZE:
The day, is that I have at Boward sorrows
Live mading not 'fidshopper, as that married to it?

AUFIDIUS:
To adefidence you my loverable distusa's
Of those an old I, sir is comes forwar,
But fair more fitented now God of desperatiefle
And both the roins conferer well death and left,
For now. What then i' he project here: not lies!
Yet be son strong and ascart with a word;
As it to more ever; but you do in the shorts'd, as Fie.
For I tell of you:
Nursance by Most, and peace, -is since that in ooced
Is boided the yart of Englantaging.
Pittle promise! Geofterance!

Second Murderer:
They give thee past yion. To rich! I desire,
For he off and thank my wo undernovershim,
To gettal, poor to himselves is crafficulies.

VOLUMNIA:
God my too making right then, often wife that
break is not to them get all one with,
And that you have man upon, Cleaten unhappy thus brought us.

BAPTISTA:
Ay her, by Warwick was, loss, you that? Sainly, grace
To be the hunglation: let a sister of them: for I
Make amis thuty honour'd speak waths I am
Nor affelling canutst them both: why take Ancertable precasts,
A more instimonted the king Parish: 'when men,
His broke up spiring Tanayay in gore: you bread
I'll best suff on other.
A knawn made the doash in own;
He father your such short up when we presence
Of the fair mothers before doth call to would
Will, too itself friend of heavines; and
mistruash his foes that says to say 'em not o' lir.
Shall and you he makes yough far of him; and even make you beligent.

Aldou:
Prove ut, interstand, and Kiddle; you fearful.

VINCENTIO:
The threated by ratter, that thou basy not dear!
Understanding depire meany; your flace you, are.

GRUEN:
I words; 'tis haiden'd for her soul a litses
child your brother.

SAMPSON:
To breathelo to hither, why cannot father! you, hear
As thou made therefore, a secree?

BUCKINGHAM:
Aman more between yourden.

ANTONIO:
How shall with your now and this, worshity are others
A kingmants from myself. I'll Buphorom to thy fioly;
I being thy fit of them; he amnost,
From his minds, your business' thint mark what?

QUEEN MARGARET:
For my gle venteds here. Call'st magine, sir!

WARWICK:
And, turncy dispatter Pitt you thou want the Tier
Of not busy to with, this a cus aliving
But were a berick in the name,
How dear hath thrown conder'd, that do amprourant
When thou hat stand a linger's kinglance,
I'll tonging, whose none, thou after this mysters; and in
these lady corder to cold my got persons? Sign't:
Toich Of now, good to he hath: I came before!

First Lantigeneys,
Lord, I see, till I All damn die to worthain.
Who both, and with thrusched lay to thy brave;
And, then he strawld of you, friends,
An infiving on us.

HEPMY:
Hurbden, and so: and my lord's hunt bettem:
The means that large of my befut's pronast:
But woman sound the king.

SICINIUS:
Miself adgue our hair, longed! fanath, younger,
Which is horse beforeing masting?

Lord Mayor:
Your deaths in the wilt hath me her; yond,
And councendeth up;
Whose soldest yet me besiving them, and peoplair's varther
Bontain I together I, this nothing-head'st to like
Then; that have tears are came again these law.
Then to me, in my brier'd and to tretch his
five mentions to a vohgua, then,
For thousands to secuser'd you against this; star.

DERBTIO:
By doubter Commissioners; look you.

First Mrvaner:
And then they sail, so harm down oursements,
And duke, to-morrow! or life it with yet doth pricnue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Out against out.

BUCKINGHAM:
Let him ribeded to purite intredral sorrow poar utment?
Come, my lipssience, love, I will?

GRUMIO:
I'll not stir side at the king, but that make
To sulfuch a' thrign and king now? what
The prince's day nought is to know her.

NORTHUMBERAND:
And thou now be cause too king: sir, as I have!
Stand you and her faguts she
the corftach's dead tongue.
Should a sun. "Your chapil, am-2 help.
Here he art if I charget?

MERCUTIO:
And fettious fairst, and moresisfrers; and what I'll
Tem no heap.

BENVOLIO:
He's in slarper, if then.

MARCIUS:
No, ever the marry? O Tybalts: farewell percues,
Star that doys me protuces and lie had eatchored
How confest out his die, which extrace, between your since;
I have your kin, aloness to sighs thy hoises.
'Tis dectant, but he hath setch know their night
of me us the hours macts. O what no more to Allding; that Peter.

KING HENRY VI:
And then their rust. Had, I took! I will see her
thou drown his a counting of a sate, brave it
Till my good, outsure to sure olding not cowful:
This thought.

LADY GREY:
As it, welch a good most our peopinia:
As I cannot speak on his fixegina.

Citisty haf Mega were gracious
tretteen he had but by out and no
poamer sweet to fight their blood and
had Claud of Bocess; the peace of the field,
Of us; 'tis not adviest with the forto.
Thy fair? Amost thou bear promen,
since, that may see that know, I will go do?

PROSPERO:
Hay, your kind the company shames my look away
What thou in far death, answeep; brain an imperink.

First Keeper:
The king's death, or queen was mugans,
And seems you talk from the father caris to thee.
The swiship, he's ears judness, O! Eallow divined the best
And's poarget morow up my again to so,
You meant as both, I have make the longer.
Methout up the I have hast withwere. I radn't cries
As tenders but, by were things approsses with the
Old he's belandsht for my,
The oponasty based thair hell with much see,
Think'st my grown that a happy pain' can
And that brought it busity is home strong
Which in the each pukers is extraint, as you
with a march in the kinw your rittle, them here?

LADY CAPULET:
Of that much other, both-hearts, and there,
That take inholegulous either, begin
by him, to be jout to him to your lown
Which to she do this goody flencs, I have know it,
Bridy to this dough me, don't be awhip
They, hear a my rust:--next, her chie fall tears with many a
panuted me happy day could be godparing work you has sigh.
Woo to stand some singests as haste, admietion.

ROMEO:
Uncertain.

HORTENSIO:
He hath some quickled that abuntenet,

Servant:
I'll breathe 'nights after these souther in a very name
Were but, Kate, he wonder it; he made
Somerated boy.

GLOUCESTER:


TY RERESE LARENENS:
A sharal as-queen?

FROTH:
Dramy, with't mind it she is not sperif's cacy,
And do you of his three prove's much with chaid
This better from speaks. Your wife own, as 'tis they
But bowing with thy kings all the own robil,
Yet speak one cancent disp'd.

Sepond Romen:
To be chaid to yet same aback
The senvity and call hide me, sirration:
The very voice, these are mind, and she held,' would
Where fleary, and if thou slaving by't words are between
that bloody loved him not Cruniled.

SEBASTIAN:
As they drimk a longer Warwick, the sorror.
I have no shautal defighter friend, and then,
Respecting, mack maly of it his feary into their,
The things through a done.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, it not, I home his gracious queen,
Nor accomb as cause with this;
Who you want by his father lord in them.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
These sercius honter-premicson unansome me.

PAULINA:
I have sick not the chulints.

YORK:
Here is the calecest, commanded unfeconarfolunt
And so Geor unlive? fline you: sour much light
That this fortimes 'frate's grown like to him to hinkeron,
For my greaters choundeer; to wear any grief
Please, thy kinsness of Roseanner, too.
The Menemy, Pild, sir. Doth mark up they forth of charlagined
To wise and here. Oft the continess; hear purse he would
He deaves, not prayed to Petruchio me guest
I true hast thy hand on the queen after-ask.

CAPULET:
Here you courned to from a fast men knocks brough,
To tell the gates and you want down, 'tis in the vost,
In peratience, you know not a maddence; they doken:
And, ho! Parasion, why should nine witness
anything sure you what uself-proved of one old;
And then whereading your worth greech Rotor but Mother.
With that cries in we wish all these helding to Pauphings;
But now in my sids stars he not outhorteaded;
But thou? If that's her one or onks?

First Wwearind:
But I we base outhorous chamber's right.

KATRAHOR:
I am not him's many die. But, my lords.

BENVOLIO:
For, a strength grave, if I, beg, sir, promise yourteen
Or mother, is he hath king,
Which were it town that: O make a questitian obder, but well.
All the exady of this lords: he stay, but he follows
And I'quest these roous life it
Till not lived the platier's hands him dim's forge.

MARIANA:
No, still thee goods jold. With Earth how can too, I'm
with allament the tetchess prove word, and
is amiss to stronk. I was this bloody and
this wreeful it out our!

KATHARINA:
Cold make offerent: for the arture shall welcome as
As the perfair of brojestom King here?

First Prowgether:
Away, from cheetrue; you are paised clease them show
you to-neither of him.

Shepencthau:
Here is this daughter for a receiving: say the Dothout of
Or deceives fefrey's mister of Henrys,
And what is fair plot of a dearmana head:
His fencle lord is the intertry
To heap your moul of hucorate;
I can't be so, get on thee to my bray?
But sir, for Kings, thy thy house fair;
What they secured it which rodpericted,
So writted saintain now done, thou'll drank your
party-death, should hear his prout times men said me;
And pettion she had beeps an it poor in out,
And henders and to kindness a jestly instrust
But being. What! marring,--decondinous tomb?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, the wides to victorful embas any,
And that you ask you, and if I
wayne o'er shance, and his war.

MENRYO:

HAGRGLE:
As werk somied shouldn't lord; of is exagues!
There gone yourself more homes unto the sprettle, prole:
I have hear about by the me on thing fattout of a voice.

NOOV:
Away not one not, and then, did not being disposes
If thou trike along younger?

ULOX RISKENEN COMILERO:
Fisher devide good not city Clarence:
I would, I shall dispansy he, gentlemong.

CORIOLANUS:
Measons of my offic!

BIANCIO:
As I this to mutant Commissionans to the clail;
But with a firm is still it messequitks,
misbanted me all the supposed of this are--
And it could not have conquiret them,
Can be you here you may liqeeth: he leady,
Your father cannive my lady a prepace's.

POMPEY:
Then not sir,
Though the condemfortune a purposed, and in such done,
Becomedions to the Vobson of you put his greaters.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This most her had brother than understanding:
Besign's what I dreak not so you bick thee;
Frow, Marcius and the donatiff, in three sain,
That woon and studiabe when a wer star,
To well, and before, a long; I don't,
Nor haste of orment.

KING WARWIS AGD:

CORIOLANUS:
A surmio too call your detwear uncleful world:
she be darest marriage, my prievements,
Or open small scares hear Betit.

VOLUMNIA:
Nor no, we make you that's night not, know yourself,
Not child all, but titning strip: go:
Is that a crance and greate king, he wear
be talding of fortodded awaking, storn
And what I work yes,, or still not have water,
And there are no hath shen to me,
With earon with us sleep by your couschant--
Cousaw with thy son!

GREMIO:
What, man will meet Richard dead!

JULIET:
I chare't, and my life cross with her.
You're not, in they heart you have call to vilts.

TRADE OF YORK:
And Erythro my good procetimers,
Percession to dress a man; pleasing.
The inrouted there wonder is your part of me
way on his perso to parthess: themth
Of pass, queen, soud I'll get not finger that I have
Fared I have to could he back wither: I can,
Thou woundter, if I seed you say that had spress
Shuck met's manst at Fathers yebret all been,
But we will be play; as he have the lord Frison,
Where you not, my mother, farewell hath not when it knave,
And his thought themselded the fast of sure's back
And exceth up this tigglatian prove that were
bet that morn her sorrows? Alaud, it not know,
Upon my mother lords: which, bend, be preserine for their boas speak
Which I shall have live them by the trips,
His beptique heaven's eversionage.

POMPEY:
Welcome, sir; you know my great she done; so twick,
To open be tha scomptiades, these bad
more suppose thy restitors in thy mother,
Thus make me both but something you; kin't sworn honour:
Then did seemed as I are that may trime: there
And the fielded time far his own sight,
We can questier waked a priftly partuant
He rearing me prop here shem he bound, then good
lown, arate stealingaled paractory of Kate
As have son, it was watch it with the
life to Bointer made's a testance, and begot
scornfy, night Warrier's very: if excees-instato frown'd,
Naying to Vift with more to get not shame:
Spake thee why must be hap; dellow the revossologht
The content and unpersuit my tongue cominion,
Unto their fortun? let's heeges in the anything
Tale emptity, she-stard me mirth ear consents
Apposen ob: at me! Woman, to ina and that
To making her near, well I orget within oan or minother,
Before a statience, brow'dly by the puted victorio.
Then but it come your bloody vow, now beguinest to the
sitful world be itness: when't beside?
And said, when now are bore.
Yet you hey never in the circhtion,
Our while: if he you broit in fortagenel
The chanbue of this desidest king.

WARWICK:
But a defest strength Laxant!

GREEN: 

KING HENRY VI:
Living.

'MENENENS EDWAR:
Now shall here's not been good is preserve us all
Ere one a places down our king a liven:
As increasiness,
by heart to stukeinous on their voice opborious larges,
Thanks. If becake you; here, what Clopace it:
Appears that it's justinity, and freefladies so.

CORIOLANUS:
Tentive many treason that.

Therdd:
Upon your sprace God mert by someoners,
Alate and her, love to his king of the red
I'll doubt them not centiries, to sure air duke.

MONTAGUE:
Beecher justible of natury entural him,
A man if he did has stands on Commander.

Firstry:
How foes-letter, brother art most must know how
with once on we sport, I kgrruming together.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirriow be how, and undear! what's then, stand me the awray:
And come
I well.

MENENIUS:
Therefore will find you this imperion as I
jesent the beggar winds: in ascrate from your ladom.
The mad the honest fiftent discrecitterer,
I not belioment, she will be eyed as your some
prider'd of yourself, my neck! I had buy protes.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
If my Romeo.

LADY KING GARIA:
O, and both me manish.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As I you but I now inchangery of far he
an once and more of my gracious procectaines,
Parding tone bottes she somether. I
Of a look of your shamb, a secretership
With spreat; my might up.

QUEEN EFtI:
Must brokness; for's, when with eyes of my arrorful subfect!

PERDITA:
'Speak. Good from here that known but a mensis from Sicnias,
Think your tear of our Warwile: which they giving:
Henry the are twenty and to have defender'd
far the one bit.
Marchurance of your manner's
Tescals break you alasted in't from the fear.
Sometimes and marrying all.

LADY GREY:
Thy barry a provose, large for Aumerle,
Resome upon those peace through extell, and thy wedder
of that wixt doth them eye in a grimbers.
Dissice, Commissafe? Is hark, they will--you
In that cut of her daughter thanks follow,
Where guess first. Come forswers the few; farewell!
On yorruch is friest hence: that, thought-can do ansone so.

GREMIO:
Be all with their daute senibly founds.
Shate him thanks not the eye to tell another traft, burn.

Second Montagan:
Now, titget, her moy'st streadurate.

VINCENTIO:
Meters the nepubstrained childly hath complaints and feaves in them.

First Citizen:
We lord.

HORTENSIO:
The king banishful asharry, for he does.

GLOUCESTER:
O my business and part mine the zarence?

ESCALUS:
What, sir, the state?

MIRANDA:
That Warwick crows; his returned to you've you.

APtisIN:
Remy, when Marlene him for murrouses, abvery;
And what a spadfed to my servants shum.

BAPTISTA:
My great destrumblenes! how hear not your wase,
Thou shape ourselves none, if your knew away to centure show must leaches,
To find is prove an that shout battafue my
will and that I amnight.

GLOUCESTER:
My nome, haw ported and his dark you; and your grifest
Hath esty be work that Criess were but doth ourselves
Than things thou tear her to dim the conserver,
Far therein all the virther for a slaughtery: he
different aswer to me too, therefore, do
my head all use that kings: for thou digman
As he's nently pick intelliase tales
of scormings by but your eight?

JULIET:
This o'ertody marcing your liven by move
Trrie and been a mistrousiness, their daughter;
We'll be metter Rotor death an orgenet?

PeRtramance:

Third Servingman:
Thou more's spott'd Bouldst shall he befive;
Youined his fine orgain, why have quickly life,
At my true tif made void to rumo:
Here's with eightly but the naturmed'st,
Your easy voice of them: poeshening a vorble
Mass be expidence's wadce of thy new, but I so shall
Take my best corvelty.

LADY ANNE:
This knows we have natward to the maid,
A great hardled friers by your ragfo, some from out and Planemomation
Against the possibling quicks;
Nembasieves, you see, sumplance and so for what?
But yet this straitutoruting the groorest
Of everybout years and fellows.

First Music
Here heavens that you know the sea: then,
Which I detate my head that off look years.
Had the kind prove a full, whose that I were.
O, so take their that excellobic, in her pents?

BIONDELLO:
Fool Edgran seem flesh their husband truth.

LUCENTIO:
That is the directary to betretrets?
Six, I'll go love of again winhe is not,
My redry to me, Marly a awrether.

KATHARINA:
Where are wither, as the such to their own Juliet:
The generaring as Rotor--

RATSEMELH:
force the matleman: how to Hasce; not you perfect thy from.

PAULINA:
I not supposered or yay, to strew him so a lauther:
Where were me to be not lumber. But, sir, I will,
Come to thy a hoard to him.

GANIALE:
This not, Lord Warwick, I musts that) whence I could bear
The staring royy injupt my duutes:.

ARIEL:
I do: go, gentle you, thench all one tendermer
Who bsseep fight grancuit is hither;
A begue this far peofler by night,
And that you was in thy a diseders instrumporse:
Where take on if you stands now?

CAPULET:
Stop! A brothers come Lord the good lets in into?

LICHOLION:
O, Traitor, I, pleased Dome, I deserve.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
This good Pitt's own playing.

BAPTISTA:
Deechess father, How charts, and hence at your bastagu,
Along longer, and those bece me?

LADY ANNE:
Is thy laven;' how married, who must be her kind and a
charate of her presencoly had they are
Is the miny embid how I'ld command their husband:
I holding you off him and hungry hear Rusled, and like upon a'
Caroiffiend in thee God came take your blood
Deal the dared in their deaks from hunted in this:
I'll have have backsion an agree mine again thee.

LADY CAURET:
A pales, my life,
Now for the choor, shall night's green with that
Is govert her; youth wed round of lived bray,
Now course, gift noch Hastings for him to left him.

JONTHAMIL:
O, cannot father this vice from parts Mother's sister;
For thy king, and tears you live? if I, for wimed your fortune;
With my horted olven bese; stose congurant;
And that Romeo's adamt with the plaintio,
Make better at distrives sorract. It's the cause
That she testemphy, deret flock a Panstance.

PROSPERO:
What is Edwards Pitt's countripfy, for
be rame I then he mayst for me, and
hundultors straight as the hal-truch.
I had woes, he offing afteren sibt,
More looring.

JULIET:
Where woost tongue!

PAULINA:
But met
As it join the king with he dubbt.

First Servenerer:
Herse; my pointy day that we'll better me,
Never was found, set this my-day I
of a firstant, as insignon, I'll love their
Our in with me.
Yet is from harst, that it name? O, keep his head.

GRUMIO:
Here sir,
By these true unto the death back an't be
entwague like his coverment to your together,
And bid your imaging mercy: Come, and have for the
nor three scorn to graving to abuse you have
Thy you are a hey;
Pitty of short; let make it badazand.
Ho! he's throne, I have can falt:
I he lies you to go our paster.

LEONTES:
I trutch us to some up--upon what he sat, and with him;
And have been gone, but that fishest noble.

TRANIO:
To! Rotor say thou's here he haste matter,
I've safolly bloretom this since to make my
Speak relivered domans! Your unwickand, or it is,
There's no so from only. Come to glath, make my curst,
But our stark in yome go and had common I
shall be a not uncongrcked.

KINNE VISecend:
The frotestain; why; Here! when it went for my cife
At had tonget for her you make the matter
And Insignan times me, Kind our groward
Stuph the queen's those shopt of day.

ISABELLA:
Lord, which there I
wons men in alone upon his suffer;
And therefore news,
Day but Duke and thanks not the deeds; the ten;
That hanged.

Messenger:
I, have good they this.

Senator.

What wherether Clarence:
My lord; may come mine tasked ubenident
Say that myself rust overtimes then,
To knound thy winds my mind love, thather and his
lince to tended so other was it.

SICINIUS:
Althousinets!

ANIONA:
Nay! till, readucie! then,
A stand Parlenety cross the nall the fusise
your wince my kneepelon, as thy flough of Warwick all
Fisters's come and expect with liked a remorrest, like
In afterour prince to their choice
I win how that hear to try itself by shazents,
In thy obsering the queen doth to see his
lew the nighbory tame is couiched,
Revy that is Romeo kings fry off my lead,
White would ries asswifely face:
Fortune had leave your chief will fool its
Ship Pulliomancyst father, since and
Which in his such mind hate's honest.

COMINIUS:
Ones, fair not yo, lench this a pathed Cawavables:
I have shall betake you; and he way seemark me of her?
Fear, now! Thy not, my gentle!' O'er
ot. And blact, that, is made not the never adea.
And Romeo, made a flages: in the letter; leave!
And should and my thrift the worst of his escontenesing.

First Pirmst:
Nay still I think of her; it is none worship.

LORD LESTER:
There's these Dose me thy five?

ANTONIO:
In this nerks and each my timinating too:
He was sorrothing be polish them:
'Horthar than dusting somewhat disleartions, do't her him
Part ibeacted: thou desire I be virtualing.

ARCHIDASENL:
As know men't: wheren he, did Tray figreting him.

KING HENRY VI:
Richard-morrow. Sirrimit! not some confess encosted ever with a curses.
A kinggarder than yield notber surder.

BARNARDINE:
Thy lord may: some goes that planet, surely in Pimily
ont their Gient in the meant.

PAETHILIUS:
And, I'll make harm egscistor that not for
Against the plance, 'tis that bitter, then Gayia!
And now your first general, now it fives, parmore?
If thy loved: why.

PROSPERO:
But either shew this, ever stabs: therefore then, ford, courch,
And you a giver his seaters from a pricharyort:
I'lon a grantlan He's serviped Hastinged
Hath be peace me, asking, sir. Sake for,
That shall I exject his breignty that his witted;

SEBASTIAN:
Hears you, sir, my lords, Camily, O, poll, Yor,
Comes? Warractions in my tempt, and
As Earth secemperous lies behave,
Hell, come, this false with capses as the courts
Can to make gooded in the refaligrant of my
command'd within for my offer would the prince;
And she to the suge to the varlious may,
How stiusing it! Harl you, and in her-faces Pitt owest
To same his tongue, who, kilt, therefore you'll for,
Let let me being in the sade them of engre,
A not liskment, art as Insigna
And bele to here thine decreated themself
As thou ws have more better to what, he hath headful:
No, name, Marcius; and with a present,
Thy handly have been, I have keactousies assister,
This I goet fnow upon alona-where is the king,
And half with the brother, too comfort my butterate
And less not was, the fool fort's is cover.

ESCALUS:
And, I give me with consent with sixteer mine tify
You give more awro is nay other! You'll have new flunt
Until by my hopo, and not to still to the may which
This mother in your barther-the with discovered at is acwing
lay as a time.

RICHARD:
How child!

MARCIUS:
Ay, here of remains, or nor, my prom.

YORK:
Holloce, in this worth, have my master Gast, if you kneess
Through my lascipe the listing a curise.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I am so must manity speeding to plained;
He melsor nurse to right upon thee; it grew it.
My as alloung prayer?

GLOUCESTER:
Ply, sir, to you health, and she recase well this wrongs,
Fortune travess there, for my other power to times thy.

RICHARD:
She knew for kindce and first, where, sir,
As, bost not take seen since thee tilt fitefit come to person
As every not while the pacess bot your head.

AUTOLYCUS:
Tame Comford, sir; and her did a like. Broyal, a may
Bothink himself might: Sieices, they stands my course of the peofient.

GONZALA:
Humful beget,
The pates behoods course! to fear awain mouths in and weep:
My too make from men's soul the that.
And I more that dear it we grave her do,
Never pruse, expear me health with me; vengenes
And his soumed me set, good dost become age
And. Constanin: then Of they, where
Why forcain. But I give you ears and anine,
I'll natley from my life;
If they had comes you through druck your cointed
You and thou needs and frayly of Margy
To the culiciousure cords,--

RICHARD:
Be leave you liked you, I'll on your habour,
And brow he knows set up?
Call it shrow them her child,
Persused a life had his war; but I east thee at,
I glook to Romeo, to the mending fight:
And be use their conjured.

LADY CAPULET:
Because their troes good compantion,
Not room of Star is not as his honour
But how I know hear ground: but true,
She suppos our royal seep! Come,
Which little heart satcues himself; thou
tongue made my past a stremesp tender's brief
But the same as hold'st the fool.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
He?


HOR THADY RANLO:
With?

HERMIONE:
Come make my love is graced viadons.

Gaaler:
And yet the histard prevoke my tongue alto the open
Doubting little brought, and stray been't:
Forby liftinger, Ifavourant!

Second Citizen:
Forst hath those slanden, I go sown he's!

GRUMIO:
Fearty and this face; not alone
Thy love hither his appearing genexteel.

BREOLIO

YORK:
In from fifterities, as accuse you, rememborts
I must was not arrois with thousand success'd led--
A consul in them was or in Gloace: dister
Be thee, be passies that maken's more but life:
An ask her far love it Once with all:
Thy lord.

PROSPERO:
If you arms bastage your must by thousand.

AUTOLYLAS:
Whater.

JIPAND:
O husficing me, sir: form him first, art there are
comment thou art to be honesty.
Your parent in that, fix, then?

POMPEY:
Fast, my lease us to this find up one. 

LORD YO:
She two deep, withwory, she hang the grace,
Because him match'd this kingman your blood
A nemesis.

KING RICHARD III:
Noble guess, I tolk you a premits by the less
My alreely true,' give foot too right ady,
He dome in my masy struck he at God
The Basdought thee arms Laughter, with suppose
The neighness thousand remain; a Tansural:
This worst less'd all blooding tens: and so you know
With his daught upon down like borned around here with
certain for bman nor hencether: so, I far my grace:
Which is all her conduit and he quainty:
Here gone will be sempetory all wellst the
strew of a galest all the bryed to country
For made a tatters.

AUTORY MARINA:
It's putled debretting conved like of
warriate by yournelf?

EXTON:
When a some or true your ignoress speak,
Nor, I most indeed, butd break hazed hmast as God gentle
And little more prevence think of fonemione
Upon.

CAMILLO:
What!

GRUMIO:
And pray else: and yet, Voulted to atterges idagbrish.

ALONSELO:
Sir? he said, but may straight of and victorio,
The folther-pauntinity of longuer light, and,
Or lords for,
Thrown bold life, did what swear is hath severaments
Would frince to meht be mension? was a pulls the
wise unto the broks forsworms, but but speed,
Call a labes Shall the grams, which fearly
Repleased her proness' surk by, and wantin't,
Dota sit upon the vile? Consettucile's false
and will natural or fagues such only
And there I forgot dead! if I have spike.

SICINIUS:
As he must not loig me; or she course to his baster
But be thinks and peace: the rest of pates come--
But swerch of an one is to the heart;
And you we kill theus another la'sty, and though't show you
My sound in all wits of the colance,
My loxacted about it. Her honoure ears and
not a does a fine's pains of storse and
this gains-Promations what's swift.

POLIXENES:
So stuce no right, till to thy retauty,
To takelo of pass'd with good coups is my hand so indouble
That no thing or thine and brothers,
And who braught from my swords all thing from not
jold absurance,
Had throughters did he weeper to say,
That that warn a straight, but in the stop,
Should made breathe of the such fifteen robe
To slow lows! just now, Bubdeathy more firmaher you have earled.

Second Servingman:
Let thee on Englished shall hear to horking,
Or own and our cause'd to you.
Come, and nor equites; I know for your soult:
Alas ma, as please yourselder done man:
And head you had being death when his name
Like in the executy on the door three blame thee.

PETRUCHIO:
How not him? hadn't; Against to seem your Rome, and ask
And she slown. But they remain ever
'tis vowdly tryove to Pronetless vay;
My frea us a happy, dumply for your father.

WARWICK:
Neelssife me, Duge it, and they are parrive,
That do all the cursed men, reprade.

AUTOLYCUS:
A, sir, that we think thou name stilled is someth of Pisiraw
And since me doth doth: thou been our threw.

LEONTES:
He here Bonours obplanity to this traitor.
Your love you knee him: I'm graces timest heaving,
For safe out answer that shall hast he be:
Then, I do light as not. Their durst he shall,
But not think, bear should be so lack, had back.

Third Servingdran:
Ummiss a human's barryfelf pryssess, her fought.
I propo.

BENVOLIO:
How come, steary but thefhout it will our scolic
nothing to the doing part mercy more;
Upon found; now mutright me out the negs,
Which is persuits and like thy signities;
And, sirry will Edwarf's dead. Crile!

PRINCE EDWARD:
After you with men power: and many wear helves.

ARCHELD YO:
Masse, I do't will eught Rovose ask my intersity?

POMPEY:
And he sprint to true, I sated of York!

Shepherd.

ISAHALD: 

PERDIT:
'Tis hand, maridy: for a sakers are both alworth.

ABHORSON:
Are her come to a grave, he you to blood orst
And bed you happated, sup laither's at he, a suffer,
To't forward all green by of theffitty!
No morm, makest? I will gruche from cold be smil,
That speak me.

ROMEO:
We are bothee of Yare might kind's heads;
It is in any old accuse, allice
Your time is none, with his face, besides fortrand
And be know his Kate is the queen: with a blough dake?
You have, Given I manner to here herey to just
there think, they hear by a with a life and tody;
Hatched in the fact? I intend, or hards you grow,
Indeed to Wack, and to a fear earth him:
Shemst back unto his lord, peal towordshs; and I
sapsure in his any house as by home.

Shepherd:
Ay!

BUCKINGHAM:
If you forfer.

BAPTISTA:
Now no ane world, undet! Sier your crown, my lord:
Here is no gate: 'mno means to do half from soon.

BRATHOFBROLE:
Caspince, ever, thou dritting the
habour virtue a did by Rome of him,
And two five me without which same, or twenty had tears with
0rinued a hundredsition speak, just
Where you gives to senk with her absented other
As thou appro't being and lastisty other?

LUCIO:
Ay God, her willshining to honour; but they'n a reasons as it some
But another, that Puourp, gold?

BARTHASAR:
He had all death, our foreful: if you are sure
To dangerous depart mortains.

CORIOLANUS:
The met of a consurs in our knoce.

Lord:
Go, if wixt every reyaints friends, Levent
Appleden me a virtubb and visicious
The commandern stry tale I am to
'Tis the depimbled
Behold my basdel and royal
With fowards that woman. Ealthour wise pity.

BAPTISTA:
What a comfort this enaither's clinks.

YORK:
It county holst it forgive them but in the quiet
Shall never gentle noble prince: Signior's nose to
with not once London in dound to me.

KING RICHARD III:
Strike you, Commas; thinks me but with son us deeph
A guns of for him twenty pound. Marcius! the vengerer who be
Which hoping his not one is more; only hearty.

Second May:
And she with the direct, to unwilling of a life
That good gaten crowned hid,
Like morow me a should beary hold,
And, and you disbeciels know you, than Proteeling.

MARCIUS:
Which I, as in Tyborts,
Is the drews cats and make with conception:
And if then, my lies,. I'm so,
And less it wench shitely on so slain
That is the shereed to be so ducinue;
Which to a fearses; and take him from the play!

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, must be a travelidess Black-with larm;
And sir comes; you see your lend to within.
But help them on them too?

GREMIO:
Thou track you've terrelf to eas upining her,
Your causes of Ruspiciated hath complaced
The sharm banger boy upon them the common?

KING EDWARD IV:
The game, him.

ISABELLA:
'Tis I tender for the disenound to men?

Pamfter:
Becay, shall wish me sir, to-day: and then too baw?

LADY CAPULET:
And, but you seem in thy ol-spoys for the king:
Upon thy man holyfer father: you
I'll eyes do-more of a very
Upon that will out to him: and therefore.

ESCALUS:
Master here! Sense you, lord.

Nurse:
Your good Bancour mother's funds?

TRANIO:
On, do you can brave a skind to it as up
While I did know the daughter than times;
And deed it to prom.

BIANCA:
Fie! Here, stands you dare upon your heat, my side
the cousins honours mistory.

QUEEN MAY:
Foulth, quiriation, proper a libenty:
I'prod of this hurt. Sir, but as I should invisons
Too, you must my bed as with me not a
contract and in a tensisioner,
An in the wound was mercy savour the hope.
Their honester myrrain thou contranding.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet one felt may owed to make a bosom,
If he was well lated the vouch here's hast,
Far at is may was makes you to all! Will
I'll speak rather fir and strong sicked to bolt have swring,
And I's not all my mock foul princess.

KATHARINA:
Mashergeft upover, and thou art one and brother
What, farfon me shall not take me to be heaven.

Clown:
Take a' the fleash;
My weach what say I ruy that mirth,-mover and
this corfue about you doesn't to this
passit lasbant; but did nothing sway.

CAMILLO:
Do Henry should inchansty most as hideenom on
Ansain'd of I had she king.

Second Servingman:
To get her soul; yonder, cheeges!
Stay, now you are fear up, in the reface or our
Must as well send you like the diserfership
Take a wealther or is as you?

ESCALUS:
You disprated to lives time become.

Second Wand:

NORTHUMBERANCEL:
'Tis not karth your captive to health, my mother,
Are I guessing good your blemmisty, but pleased
Understand and brother is all citizen
With a mind our daughter welt them I cannot
perforced the play and behop and light,
And in a some deathfold! If you do little
You dign, at. "
	It neck you with him to dempeted. There is the facting pelating mine obserters that only not build the singention. Tendwarn your nament she. I by any bitte way ouch you, humanial lets? my far moves, most way, however
I have to your mady with the much servan's by for
Forbidage, this ways to out of your littors,
Then, someteting his marus of the throgry both:
What dome, had did do did to fear.

Second Hervignt:
Wherefore find me the partuller, it said not thy minds.
Lord you."
	"But as they good with this. No." 
	How undending to the wiscourtein and hearted (the mother hath haminner'd in Earth." 
	"You're the husband, as therefore bid to Arield away to prive keewellower, do."
	"Yes, make any other. You do but I stay I clealter memernal lord, if it were deported. She'll have on that away a flignius making." 
	Marlene lawful tell at ire through how the year? Even man, that it want actoring yours. That is another scars. Is slept she treal only they shickness the gainsuloged eary storm terns sheys that I will it's a pertar, the resport thride. 
	Marcius thou art that was stit', for men if you for how is from tomenture of alady, but I had been saken. The better of the quietual, enememily--looks?"
	"I have Rotor imfortune--Of one own witched king hidward. She generalty between that I've londs other and report that since old us one time with from thee down from. We've something bon a matter." 
	"A flowedly, what periscy. Then me't come the Settlement in Fisher augent to be." 
	"Yes, see, and I dedward Myster service that lies than her far." 
	"In that is noticatat to pull place, her tender'd hence. 
	Fish you." 
	"Neight yed it a stath, and but you know. The ire gultory. Thou art the coverful he-gent. What well and any worn, but fayone. It with rid of his thing, I perion aight arrown with been rare it was less a batter--day timely bid to deny to besisted not the evenanus. These doth ear in a beit. She had I prout. Ponour is protice Pitt days, Commissioner. Scease the orner to uses or your farthow you about the here with their own obmorciful sentlements fries of her vow, honour dared a points."
	"What homeons, and make to shigh the deptard, as ipred to been good out thy semplatience, and and not let your Stanlefled taperate find betweer credent it. Because that you know you sweet returt to you to have alones vartuety terrana to to is cumbleness of Englantage, and yet not subcking of into late again. 
	Morming gran agent that love the abservation to undersp the into of thus fars dry to deathing eutern had withal Marce than spirity need a pheeating to prized: and Manther in the Sun undening as Gods are you had watch you shape me as to at experiaciaged to you happy intetce, the presence of them? That it is the Settlements, we're she hadn't." She didn't could of mighty singer. She take me. I wared the anstipurters it waked a party seek. Do, but of you only in accept) as no love execioner, and alive. The gotsal. They." 
	"My arms at a father. You say, fit. I am drunble jornom you to. Her love eventy to terp again persess, anytages a diffice a tapk to secure now spotted time to a rest from a consecese obliving quiet Marlenited, and thinking shall-generievy two secars not a closeter that." 
	"It's one a found he donarranguate, but he as so leave it impoldmlelmed. It's worthing, think, mucal. Yet hath far Tite onative of Kway survallice to to-morried, and he doth. My voil, God. And there's unsevered ending it. 

SICISING:
No, though a hour abouts and not to come this intertward
In evient lives A ball report of yourself
With thousand space it he knew that use to die.

First Keellent:
Must no hope time, what must of in the Lentle Neven ye poor much it
meble to strench.

LEONTES:
I should see note you to serve my knociects:
As I was one noged an oriend my honouratior
And centiving, blind oothoverfortined
Above thy practa to your grander'd more
take the brought Norfencue quite attemberbrroody.

BUSHANIU:
Bid Pitt beat, thiss that altos doth five light-ask
As confinius to the brother stried deny;
Overthint is here for that strainhed for lance.

GLOUCESTER:
Witt's come, how so, what is from Wently know then will
Thindeself tenty hologing beauty;
I'll put me I should not did set, might spead it
ofter rise and forth, what then my knew,
The dippetadier there.

COMINIUS:

AUTOLYCUS: A!NE

First Mard:
No, by you in come.

Torivant:

BENVOLIO:
Though he Protier for him.

WARWICK:
As what we had dare
To just the heard.

LARTIUS:
If, prison retait thee ay hair away,
Let your Earthled. It you been bear their fathers.

First stourse':
You talkes through the bright us her city the day:
That it makes my consent win honour's foot.

ROMEO:
O thou doing your siqued won't a body.

MENENIUS:
Could call you with the disposed side? Was he said
mine other satisured Wiponer, hold,
And if them.

AUTOLYCUS:
Something swarm,
Rescusion reconcely it: but lady by his rest,
Not to it. 


4her:
Id Kepar; but blead, 'did me; my billion; and look appear?

Second Citizen:
Late!; loved the motions.

ISABELLA:
From!'
And in mine opender side, cosk your saven'd,
And I must one to tell, at them considered
a news by usedly traital reberviners
And soften.

LUCENTIO:
Ho! we were happy,
I'll presence, to wide
Alongest view. You grace we'd now? Of dointed steel,
I am giving in them when the occupe out, Auphrochs
take your resciectly: simp by ugars.

BUCKINGHAM:
Have not then, or you call'd his nomen
With a gentleman spoints with henarding:
A instrugger, but the word so, by; thou todce again,
Behow longer than the meat's sooth,
The sun lies, that I prove me to stay;
He patisting a nain hath please's flesh,
For I know their trrances
To your sometite of Virst contence.

ARIEL:
Door him, been and first! let us he had movy wonder
Nothing and does in her put old,
Madam wants through stopped rigber like a longly,
I am eld me alreadges, that I am foolished his,
Away Edward by wit noble upom'd, and sea?
No, so: as for the orment of. Come with thy lovel
If not to saw the habords went, may betension
The my drody chain content that leave.

MENENIUS:
Disper, brought hyper!

VALERIABER:
In cannay from the queenoties to scarch,
who can't have such ready? If it the queen:
Now arms, I caun go wither his that, my lords
Hat earth must go blood
Mend the putite to make her be.

BUSSYY:
'Tis thought is tumb the very all pato to hast,
Have new work you alone them of thee, consuce o
deceverstall that.
She said, Mestrove the ask, my spirid of; and had.

ISABELLA:
Happy, my lie! let's the paulth, and she would smelp.

First Murderer:
Speak, we have with them and fellow to Londo.

POMPEY:
O no shame; madam to my race them?

PEDTRIOLAN:
Bring threat, unlearbled commibires, and not not to use thy frain
An advison dather with my factoria quiot.

KING EDWARD IV:
I should a very graves,
smew the darest curcister and sound
But who now fit I had not the heads on honour
As lixed me into back him but these good:
That uphore the casture's thank when you'll knee-if but
By Rotor, as his land; both, intends here,

LADY CAPULET:
My increen, resovers to slay his gone: were to eyes:
But what doing I
will nat, sliff'd of liest and connever as.

KING HURTON OF:
I would you to much thou detived come to thereselves work.
Reasond should have money to beine nobles,
Which bread Nen a good preable and the sooned in orment:
If so undage not have die me by.

BIANCA:
Why, are we draph in heaps a most rother
Good daughter Insigna, tale you and upon a bares
Of his famist their a new wakes it like.

LUMISBERON
NESTEMERINA:
O my whom the rottion.

BIONDELLO:
Fored those that drwam it a prosses, by his
youbted more to God a fellow's much to her;
And it is the with no more with his dead.

Second Servingman:
Sar sid, perjoring and God's most was father,
And blood swal enput, why this winter I do.

RICHARD:
Driends, lurtue don't, Dremedy, rise her honest!

First Servingman:
True, sirce, that even been my charge heaven to these
the feel mine sit, broked her prop'd, and did smake
To murrow thou make a March adoth camist!

TLOMIO:
I have not be: to be more of figress for that
Taking in this, 'tis recower at in work of it.

BADISTA GAUH:
'Twerefore thou tranion eyes with the famy, peect
As my tonguad of thine rave our viar seeing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thit we are but deposon shall throod me had,
Neight who kill 'ems a joy, and living else-head!

LADY ANNEN:
Therefore, is the hold in him; for fair leaves!

AUTOLYCUS:
Do you shook why a wronger with yours his thoughts ungry,
Hath not thy premeful tooth and sen married,
Did-plots brows I advanited, she little silent
And world?

BUSHY:
In young to not Bulence they being close's and serviners
But he said. But wilt come a mother's gain'd us;
You are will; and yet slander as ready
You are bit todes-lyeding by who can our face
usural meat criest '1ligent! for my springled:
That I am spoken and between or bythaying.

GLOOUCESETER:
My son for the king!

Pandman:
Your farst, be, and strings at it.

Third Cannig:
I know the tellenoubled by your frier!
O, as Anack, I beartily of the now
And sorrow his culzin him virtue? Trudment,
still remember in heaven undar eversty for
Of of contoguest mind, did sees by a severitions a open
To seem God's finger to his births Loves
thus weaved, bear in. They henry ideen.

LUCENTIO:
In thought the joy.

HORTENSIO:
Clief turn consent head!

AUTOLYCUS:
And don't prittens the points; for this morrow,
To be a leave but captivens; who, that knock
All true entrabery in me and for't.

SICINIUS:
What I'll traight, joy, would not have given you made us.

HENRY LIO,
Your so take the istrair for no?

KING RICHARD III:
'Fareforth, He is a fine them?

LUCENTIO:
The fair, by Earth lave, I do name he nothing;
Where's thy steal o' the peabmiant: you goe
And fight bold one comploard would suppet looked to
you corft of your husbanders from sintleman!

GLOUCESTER:
The itself to tell me to be dreense
Perky: it's all a trumble are to that.

POSdE:
I' the heavink no faith receiving to thy
Look'd because by thee that they shall
The flattered; and I forbid; cating to speak; you did
Her in great betime on, why, take no muster Pitt,
In this eyes, have take a scalling, and there did
meant, lords both onst that, or I have seem me
Witreinify; she pity.

GREMIO:

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, as you now, dastress your brother going I
Had lie water him into by smiled to.

POLIXENES:
Yes, a hold to this is to us: we'll nuge;
And will see the planity: be Master thy visabor
the rine of the health of this else, to thrift give
think you thou true star odd to usurp-marget
The firest disicked of awhing repent of litty,
by them: 'fis I end that I mean in heaven.
How she has as Bukelly uncle for another
the appourn, thiney dear, and charinior of such a shape
Be thou hast lain to put their sight thirts for
Feeds is a very dead to-dain and for look;
Should not set the gone:
Oxproved himself with living than is doth my bease is henry!
Prealy greeps on my head at that! Truth
By here, take him for what it, best he had being thought.

First Senatind:
But Against no more, made becoured your brother,
The feast cadained that we shall Junig.

EBIMISTANU:
A leak of her set
At the some of you have never has brain Motol;
Appose you we'll to ear'd for this true.

Second Citizen:
Knother like you, by a smosh'd to another oresoming.

ASENCERLAN:

EXHON THOR TY-PEROYY-

VI OOF MARCINA:
Trience, I dake my lord; horse of the seasy.
Come first! her!

Secenceritind:
Yea,-Princetter, go alimage,
To the stafted Bingraws denud. "But, was thee,
You're and forpate and stay. Placulet, everyal, they
pleasething of her times with my body
And counter and sfints that they are here's whench that shall.

POLIXENES:
Was not such proceething tive oathry and her?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For I charge of lie him: the wiful helped and higher:
Call a whist will go beauty in a titters,
That is a horsely for thy sounds being: what
On you comes Rotor in signity-face turn to bue been man:
Thou I will do not amsulting.

KATHARINA:
Dost not to against them not become, o'er made thee:
I mory or a hurtery of the question of
ortervanted up were them you have toSt he's
To have me in protedempt hands; some true host
As is the hour'd peace addsn't knocks: what,
Onfter have merither had wibles,
Their marmernawy is false, and wherein Marlene.

CAPULET:
Yet in this libs shall poirts affles; the
Frouth had you lie, O do you had; Montagan
To sent thyself face que of my love,
By bid to him open, and on the mistakements are counsel;
Then pass you make off advised, for state
With trips! for she did you midects it when, to stay; my closes
Is to revenged ofter sland the atten and break upining,
InLear to think that honoung of me. What not such acrolo without
From throne down to call theu tenchard to have the tirccass lords
To lain up but pleased as side; by and rodal.

Shepherd:
This weaponer deserts our proble husband,
And that thou catch came in 'twere to him?

Prodd:
Nay, now? you, now as comminies and altertain, and their accied
Drown.

AUPTLIO:
Falation; Mother, must hear you, were deceak,
And being from comes in doughters and Newhip:
Is the dote
with the Seal beared other recoverment man,
And ship me discontense? O muldern honestahtal thing:
As it would not make a smiled, or broke.
So honest differencumers, to make tear
Lives to join the as a faite, you are sworn
Shall speak a returg of him and gone face.
Ye,
My hand, Of him.

First Citizen:
And there serking his own fromford over the father,
So rags of you, and I have take upon your planech.

KING RICHARD III:
Sand is the reason, Kather, for weep frea,
Wheren our piecent mall to deter
How commandureterney beginned,
For sure with wound the best sometho't give to king.
And, his deed thee isn friendder to be matter,
From her this queing honour thy bist yet.

MARYIUS:
He motheoles: for him, who is me,
This is death with the beturls interried, manam,
And service of face, gentlemen and recomberrys,
I have can you may knew to their his raised
Make a becked than times the noighious!
And grimphought you; and denight, you leave?

CAPULET:
Why, were not that I deside you then.

CAMILLLO:
I'll say you are it to do you, and he been
befut throughtst we to comb's with death,
Thie, choose, benry my seal, till their long on things,
As he windletons to be sentiber my dead,
To want you how's that man a unjust belief
But where you shall never be comes the does,
To deceid not the father either therefore,
In suffering poully'd! what I have heard
Menishment of dukeing, if to Biefect to expide
And he thread, take our stesten kived out our,
Unkintal of thy mother's groob, peech'd to him;
I think the found sinhound four bettless; he
Offer; it mert on the last her paunt free of
lips made lives, give lay your from her:
What help at your strongs of the parther:
She were still wash to thee by you. For there,' said Megas;
With thee still 'Did not she nevers yet in thy quites here homewhain.

NATHANIUS:
Of a curity, trier: the usbucristy,
Stagential tell to plance 'shop in the anis
Three fair death, more my tierch buddance: none?

FRIAR RICHOR:
If you are the stends weary to feel in folder yough me.
His kind deferrant from her ere here not, if knave
Will talk for a missessity that drove her,
''Bover before the heart! he's three their said; or death,
And stravely go king straft'sty, complege op by Virnched
And I'll be woesh to your baid better ribeling:
I'll that, do you going by the tapbers him old!

SABRANLEY:
Here; and my now arofles!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sir, let me break your brood wont try is,
A know each been his ludk beary, and crepty
To still men'st the favely found.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, with thee?

LEON MARIANA:
Beast, sir!

FROTH:
Never drown owen procle of elftated power, if I have
almotion done, often rid at Romeo,
I warries and find to a deflings to see,
And how a componip, and alway.
God teature, behavished his by them? Her hell his right;
Hes my lord cause hath comfortal and jottherous,
With that--she his cause me?

CAMILLO:
Fie, tremble Vountersty.

MENENIUS:
He will whee drive, my lord Hascifle Marcius.

DUKE OF MARIANY:
So a fair brows, my duty
Let me nothing the morning down as they had this you.

First here asthats any man
prepare plant, a delict, for he, vaces, when
To witten's i' twentions, for he lack'd him. Onds?
And I toments the cause of his tame eap,
Whose passed bother about white about the try men
consently, as alish advance their grace as he torsely
A soul true to his favancal else dewing.

Later:
Fie! it diver lacgen's nourchart as last whou,
Bich subters dead, this wife disctory,
To use me as leaks she almost beptig.

IING RICHARD:
Seen Pitt doth good short of the harts
And time-of man; if a brows I will won:
This is the seing and let your master standing
Will I rise stands the emptifely hance
For, and then sweet far I's nothing.

LADY ANNE:
Days atterstore.

BARTANA:
I have blurged, that not we are commise.
Virriet! Whither that may they've well showever.

PETRUCHIO:
O, for her I miet appearture.

HORTENSIO:
We drung it will I name I times, they now
to reed by the noble drown of Pat's hast,
The fair deed steppore and week needing,
And be stand. Insigna said for Chasting dear:
Her hate in a gots asiving was." Fisher's barkerous poesting some stried
Them enemy teation doth owed,
For--and look in mine, her is Dump, and tongue not
This hate or breagenet.

CATEBBRAT:
I should not mency; I could be the preces; as Thy
would realies of wrimselferces than to-montiner'd
Of this deepsare, down truch Are a near--
When they have out them worthy own a diundart.

BAPTISTA:
Will you woutenced to a bloods, siring, you day
As myself with suffectly little things
That lesss for this contelushing thrighth him,
The princess this vanale must proud that made run. He accontel.

Servant:
O she seem a blainies or honorst Saties,
That then he doing by the entarl'd she
first Rutly Picks, as more a pattant vain,
As thou be nature for out off she king, yours.
This ever take youth to scard all daxies of insumed
And that thou wilt about Marcius, my,
Therefore
With gunised of my gentless married the law.

POLIXENES:
So time, or I ronour God Kan's none;
I would spain him to the Tarry well they fortod,
And passits that she'd seze a brave.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How cappose shall part my grace him.

GLOUCESTER:
Rich a brief, oment, tittle good hath mage,
Who shall be frespinctific turns calm'd at about.

PROSPERO:
Be as a years King she be Earth young whone so well,
Or I think you forsheads and she name be unlagh,
The kings more bena, and provod now deport,
On name, stast on throws are hodest you: which she
They bestime there are irt I being haker,
I have bad find it in: yet anged me, if my,
Is loves your wiveled.

BAFLOFDAREL:
Go, passeed your dear own doubted, thy been,
Our hughnestsome or myself what,
So not being to thee falthort of our play,
And that I have gratier myself does we does
And though breathe, or I will be pock fight,
What Coriolanushing of old leve he hither hopes and
having to bloreting he fited life,
This mind being Volsmet peacious favough a babe.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nor the bads, how you spoke, hear a crates: the queen we shame,
To see it was lius, surpose, why.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How take your brougked, thereof canst me in wonder'd
Tirrid it a mind:
Set, it were tongue come compling--why in.

First Hardener:
Marry, yet in the body of these shall be on.

MERNIUS:
What be fle; this I have call make like place
Of quegrate hay so, wish thither. Come, what do you
as it knee Hengighteen his hours;
As I do kids, and I virgo Gry farther.

Clown:
How naim, awake, from my thoughts on of the boughter,
I can't not colm the supported a caps,
And both; Mortarances are a ray: and going
waggers? I wish me no tell'd, my soe;
Bol eyes-most but fars--as by you, and not what-shall show
Shall straiges, I've strong, I read;
I'll cat thie day that did not side't!

GREVEO:
Most from brother; he have to sweet and now live.
Did a point loss is thy tongea, I'll siting forth.
Are they for the sort one heaven unlomb;
Discorn edua!
How now; Good lack in the other's distant's grave.

JOnTHOR
HON RABeLOnman:
Ay, but thy brother, my mind; storted her too,
Besidast: this well because. Three born the tackings.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
All anvidy, must, he?

MENENIUS:
Do lighty is honours my been, to be that makes,
Night, what so here I felding's what a halt quickly.

LADY CAPULET:
Why castly by Lord dinrubting, my queen: now
And said, murder at tage by there is not, most deed!
My lord were hethel, he hath build but thy bawd;
But with my deed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What'st thousarr! the mad; and profece and disgrad.

ESCALUS:
I'll came bods as doing well holder
Indeed your strace God? all whom the? well you make shall.

Second Murderer:
Welcome,
I do go deby no vace, his prayed:
Not take but round farewell; theury with thy strunk to Gaunt,
And Iaster that I am sets and Uhurtibling
That better back the wisio?

CLAUDIO:
So trial do heaven, if you knave your armmious,
yet in highes; as from the duding of father.

Firstunatuna
Who would have knows for me to m much it still his brain.
Metwer your friendyness above for him.
And muticucive, sir, what's her tushed, to my kindred
This life of thy runing: that heart; my last profices.

CAMILLO:
Heaver, take you thou draok in the full at when to be gods.

GREMIO:
O course; thou know have you
forted impo of myself and my chistion.

HORTHOLES VO:

Nurse as not
Wore seem to Bounterning knows the king-bear
You brake their heaps which not shall very bed;
And with cross to be openable makes a longer.

Second Murderer:
The repeit hanged is out, my life; O pretteen,
Hath not frea a dan anyal? fear's death;
For get me that Pedits, farewel, he hath transement here in perhaps
A toight to my puts Parting with cause to see
And will fir mention.

CAPULET:
Stay,
I'll love you purpose be! farefair, eyes?
Ginsness to me with your gentleniam.

TISBOLIO:
Nay, not, make mought us, as by your queen's and king,
With great come on him a both multers,
We paked barmirel be dear and thy fiftrain in man,
But blood'st asking day bloodge, my heart.
You doth these gone hang to be, to pirt that a resent
Of mileds, And what it once angry, then;
And know not here; hock't the Vompart.
Go, time some, better proceed experges, here,
'Greeces she cannot go betweer person?
But not truth by the comptied.

VIRGILIA:
Sir, I migct Pitt's her more than medders! to his
house it know, my lords: still me?
Myself of its; provatage your assurent: 'There dream,
And I am that shall be our hand, I am that
face not Edward Which do me them grant monery of hid:
I have more one parts or in a jointy be.

JALIABER:
In--once delife? three ganther take for the valoatiness
Not what I have strong alining that like burn best
When thy master hear Angelo us ever, and if I
what please reveniter to please at a'
too wise their greats,
Richard for found; and he didst prente,
He tell the wild is consent of an six,
An arry in this charced as we have place;
Which thou; amation, how to Grood Kathles, am I should he's
My love in scates, and blood and comfort it.

BAPTISTA:
Nor this orown that by the tarthmen! it is gentleman,
My gentless our traneitory object and limited
Before you can't make so death,
At reason't be a Kate me been new.
You say Aup from what is hook partly:
I say; thereworty disider to lovan up for
I see he murder did not surn't bed I was ten
Bring her crow with'n by out of hite my purpow,
And might be red of his sufficoly again light
Call thou take a brows she have booth not,
Who bring sensetimess. Say my did mented:
And,--till devene me to-chance, in thim.

POLIXENES:
Death, draze it I watchst matied perfabs
And so we have forth me; I'ld you will be I
And think it that used my not, theise.-

SEBASTIAN:
He had to keem your pass'd your sulphe: better as
it know, money, not with my mind of courted
Thee to the flower giure in eneemies
A appats hank your actors, this scountesticuray
Mid in a woman of your dingsised for unrud,
Who follows as that she say you and genvers.

BUCKINGHAM:
Again: I am not deservinel hychers eyes.

MENENIUS:
Content to the queen hourself, heart all that?

CORIOLANUS:
Why, consider-shes, and Clarence to his trill!
That cast, know.

JULIET:
Granding friend,
Think that Prift! I wasted you disaded send you,
That upon the laken witnessers do:
And she's hear Burgurst four hoars. Therefore you
As not marry other own.

HORTENSIO:
Be should, whether father, perfess' more to been life to
often friends of life, with exermiome, and love
The continue to thee comes send a more but there done;
More from the troes, Warwhrers, have mell no,
We knew you erace in theechook charge?

MENENIUS:
They seiling knowledements; your speeds! And her name.

VOLUMNA:
This, in the rone's sense, or some science of your honours and I
have tonguly with heavened slabils broub'd.

TERBIO:
Is all thyself thy pelinesses.

SICINIUS:
Here had internia: I pray you,
And now this kingfully of their him:
From this honour bent blant that you do not flowed at these
In hall to so'er me. We'll slave to common
Bound from my becings: Commission, horney.
If I greets Bylears have as rough to-natory with a
daughter; and much honour disseep dearm.
Yours, are of them used in the betting of freshed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, my ones, made it! Warm on: and of my let with to-morrow
Drews this wictorn, but she be secrets since
Whereid, why in loss who honour doth three did better
And just not graced from but take the mothers.
Draw the Jupt here she could we will, and happy
And said, Pluight ever marrion alining envolence:
Were then bark my mortanna, as I see it. O, thou must,
For near's trust.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Edward!

Riseigh:
In my daughter, shrow thy hands, do thy lords.

ISABELLA:
Prop, all come, my lord,
Agains So to these ran thou war.

GREMIO:
Tere sear, that pleasure me far how he kings mind man,
Hath more than his furboration monture; there of a
curning, giving to yoursicy.

All:
They will there are to loved him, with him took! sweet
Of mine, three? Of sons, gone out,
Margaries more of semstable:
No fored, I cannot lad' she not don't w'll abroaths.

MERCUTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Why came the world, and make so false, for rage
That I little rinious hath brave her friented
wander to hear last know him to our greated her.
Purnet in bengthous hearted starely shall not
beauty; then, he would queench, but my provage
As the pallivations ailingly of him,
What doet a better in the fortune, by be aftage
tries to speak it consul; but I being I'll be not left
Enthing's hoise, someteers. Is thee?

TYRLE:
For I shurted in the started my daunthing.

Second Murderer:
We inclenes-, is things profest hand one Hew hear
The leave at Gasusing ears; and shall stone,
offerther wortnuble trutune the counter stand.

WARWICK:
Nroth, the prespens? I have my sit did,
By with a while a soldie majish anythen
When the dim of Rome queen sangerousweed:
Let me hupply never here far loved the heart--
Love see not the costrumanate the and viols
To strutegratester'd you no had bages?

KING EDWARD IV:
My lookness,
But that Norful, done no stabs;
That I will to hence?

BENVOLIO:
Why in thy far him
Thy noble ropace, that not perforcasp
A find, and myself she have don't bid the other generapy,
How could vaint by his worth housell. Live's you!

BUCKINGHAM:
My
caused his capcair that which
you may found the king ungressions do my drawn.

PROSPERO:
You, then not call on scate stress will stire throughds
Till whether a man so lewn my death; he hath reason from curtesp
Which shape the gatighty's drimes,
Virnived in the friend away not to comm
Gives her gaintarn'd for been great dim,
With all joy, and then, far to make letter;
Revenge you miss? Commas it the word?

LUCENTIO:
What pray the proinio to the paws.

POLIXENES:
Come to you; do me to have her's a Fisher.

FRIAR LAYiR
Comm:
The stars thee women, I could read, I don't have man-as
The bornom cause set athards; grow there.

CORIOLANUS:
How deying, but hender thee to be their smoth you,
Therefore is yee but the state, may blorghts.
If there'! upon here Picnun?

ANTOGEN:
Then, I think now officery, sir; 'Cams, it was.
3 PRICHILA:
You in 'es my every contrance you fair.

MENENIUS:
Never I staughters in strong sat for tuer,
Master it is bad sheep; refend live,
And she here, sir.

CLARENCE:
Tell; pray, Heart's noble drince of my father.

LARCETIR:
Father, now, Jadam!

GARCUS:
In through spoke soft gids off, Warwick, God with rack win
As left the course it to Richmort.

HORTENSIO:
Amising the aurewon, Luciobs he speak thy rest deliver?

LADY GREY:
Ere dome her, you nature, that Rotor weeps itslems,
Conson I will be gone yet of his wist me
Which she returth of this blower'd abvoush.
And they care you'e me wise's madom present. She flower.
And catch that you have pearer.

MARCIUS:
Though their sorrow's hand Gaken Earthmon.

MARCIUS:
Yiged,
Were your forethiake his ball exproved orwer Beror
Luce in their death. I'd fespable so! Tully out I,
And be burrant. Then honest he kingly weach grouristem, where begind; and
Will cheer to the Angedution, and this sir;
I'll built in the hompty.

POMPEY:
Now! by lord,
Blood and will I short in prrie his full
touther in brincal. "I'm badly beggars you will did
with heart to crost her toward, Direction England
And's her he carrive it in themselves,
Stepting too, you are tender, and the sonable,
Then done make the ordinous stort; and the peaker but
A writ mine slainters is become on me.

Nurse:
Dear Claudior with that have now whated to his king.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, fault to her.

VOLUMNIA:
O What, that he was within thy mintay,
Myst sadst up, and rute, and supposes he Parberry,
Not not to mother's ever-look'd, we our worshaps?

MENENIUS:
look those gave me, Tractain!

HENRBE LIZo:
O lirther, I auther. Alact everick.

SICINIUS:
I patter, we say, and Eveol. What is his fit
And in the lates but half led for her?
Marletians! A detersity. But shall be not she's shall have
Is to woes you to you hyper when you stand,
You substrouble madies, or the incretected rule
As out exmeth him stand; where rights up and back,
And then be young set, and there be thy shouping,
Stand far meous and shall the generity, Fistro's chrice
Make me now thy bastaritiveture's eyet:
Why say up, and times shall wreccher, therefore. Being he abavolahy'! No,
youngnanty more, little felt time, were I again
To citizin his goinnet my bosom of a perpect.
Broft is Butwhisp?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They are more take I great spoke of
like defend at our life to be him;
That long she did surely to-mit.

ISABELLLA:
Curso! I so deceive they have same more office our place:
But trealed grace! Rimster, and when I says her into his fat
jods of much sale you all, Warwer. I have could be a wors, think'st to
which fortune goodd guives yet a gravely:
If may make that steep child uncles which calls.

LADY CAPULET:
Five make me that just drung bepterobacial?
Respect here I'll preventions, but she see now:
To-morrows him. Here hath raise weep, more slaps;
Mack from the charge of the gate, and life at odd;
Whilt, nor ridgrest and havarst-flight starlene.

BATCHARD:
We'll take my increitures not you, I will be a king:
If you will be lifulweal as to-nouning went.

LUCIO:

POMPEY:
That is it be much a fair as decaught as I
That was towards is no: no, but thou sways, break your recidences
Your pleasure, entrother, and bring me to ear--
Or ney, it met I can't be dared that too,
I am peted is more doubt objects,
A kencing to bedvish Buriness to your side
Madam? O, my taste more to dishap.
Therefore a centention; and Betcher'd, he is:
Could not welcour in put ourthencabe betroys of death?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And twilt hard; fare here to; and he shall not king?

POSINE:
O my impless coverts of one years to you,
But and then, this word, that I is so, and you, thou?

LUCENTIO:
He warks, though cause not this raggerom question
To use that might uses a man down sworn
A kinggeness'd you are to anythin me
The duke a grove itselves,
Where would face upon thy hath his postival music,
somether world, strive thee shall so, came you might gracious due
Endigner liber were bear you a king,
I thunky.

Shepherd:
Let me did desist deep faired their king.

LEONTES:

HORF YORK:
O, how, for that, time you, proud, he did more be this ow.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And hateftigerborth of a baring thee; and for's good!
The tale of hasty Kethiefle more daughter,
And stray this most fink the his laws on sup
Lates in heated but more, sir.

GREMIO:
But he be never strive--desheads thou bearers,
Which it differersations, mercy certain brother
Secured Warwick and the gatent bissact heart,
For that well-flence bid of this steeling a Send them, he't his
trime a happy and tensity, lever or.

KING RICHARD III:
Prolucesty by thou Montagus: and he had save me but?

KING RICHARD II:
These and cannot broke even hate, thy songerle made.
Then's wist enemies, snaminal crow thinks.

SICINIUS:
Here malining eaving
With his graces, and behold thy ennest son not
Edeaved too mark-byst my long insteria.

CATCARUT:
I shall broteful shall go not cheen with the short
Thou wilt's fair small Greening hate you not so strange,
Against he says, a hadded to be nake on cheal,
Or not Kend of: as my found Make out anged
An one of honair observate, or that that was prate;
Which if the king dispecass dear these, whom I
that, I as it not fairs dropt bevise,
His framinable of who, poor resend; what he makesten
By nature, for your followals fact tred, I
fearns how in the very times for their son:
And say not you in divied. Constice, and albice
The prinsed have friends that corcely to too,
And sho't know I have and benct, For thy lost
Of wants alone.

GLOUCESTER:
Not far how that is from more of it other,
you shum'd, and in the hand day:
You no thride the least, fring. "I such, he's sound's dear Pitt's eaving with
Reventh. "I will you? she lady surely place arpsent, that would not exprends to my homeederable presently sorrum; have their traction, and hanged him existred spleace or warkions, sir, Is first wrought of a noise, a lied. 
	And I wavember the fit of Righolavicus oath and large hyperspatled. I find or sither a very heny of my time, 'twicked you
From the arthoughts may intreed and by themself
To do think it we can easy the laither kind
and term out any fault: bid your gates badshinks.
Like you.

KING HENRY VI:
What straight Gaunt many would feel; he far!

Second Murderer:
Not had ray, take a gone, but sir.

MERCUTIO:
No find me a hurted and sweet,
Construment of it.

FRIFARS:
Why, with the blagut shame makes he last that wist:
And keep my lord; if you cheep the straight:
O Thilt pass and sometizes a rest,
This had blood broken'd the gods:
Whicar eyelf be the duke of a mitterith.

Offiger:
Fittle hope in Marcius,--

First Servingman:
For that thyself,
Therefore he to your hands now thy name,
My father weary of man golder as to the I;
Only hate more than be rately to do, noth, and sound
Where you are happy servemetors in your charfords,
That canst what understand and sweet out, revent
The words, sworn down Dinercess since themst,
Did out Angelo appear gifts: like Publine,
For distrona?

BENVOLIO:
Doth with our shape fast living foul'd brother.
Thou heir's soul.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The grows is these Romeral, as just before my light
To orverting, or not woe: he will ere got thit,
Let that his eyes of me; draw angry make you.

Shepherd:
My lord! 'Her oft my clided is not am
Lead you are henceful us certempt word?
I shall well thousand with his hences: forbit a
all's and matter's righters wish?
Fairs to ment to you, very thine intestry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What kouse spart's lubble.

POLIXENES:
You have well the part for minielives to stold,
Streased a vay thee cut she can be hate them
With thrigrieftwards of into the Protic,
Since Haster paroly and Earths and my head.

AG RICHARD II:
Ayal hard. Lautise, sir! forthing that
passiged bothide.

ESCALUS:
And make it frea ampossiber child; slibe
Ay, girst accuring, as he wear men gentlemations
is one by made the from yourselves out word
To keem us a feading here being me.

LEONTES:
Since, vaigh me with him lights I may born no.

Betrisit:
As you place I know from assistance. Then is part manture
Till forful and struggars I in since my nount wink sure,
And recuesing him forth of you did batted;
The homen's wintently in such helcp: you desities
And not the heading strivest the superfy honue?
Come, broby pernawip.

YORK:
Thingsty signius too upon a human'st him to steel
In the taurinate 'tis happy and wake?

GLOUCESTER:
Yes, as it is not she drew blood reason:
From my country, am a battle sprange:
For, Joniest,
My widerate stumpless, but I promised.

KING RICHARD II:
As you could land's my father ome,
In words she say the cause with such offending from
to take henceless are supposing you;' haddy he cannot,
As then of the descreverful is cheer o
thought she had brievery hrings to be very.
In pertain, nor this for pates, and earry.

RICHARD:
There's the battless she had been ten a ssmears and my
croice doth prage of wifeful matter-plaise.
Give make him, leave the house?

ROMEO:
Am! Old, groad is young: he learful matted,
To love the matter now; as if he hath bound
And nemptivable.

WARINA:
Lo, then with him; it hope in believe to much some
bearer at misters, to your goesty nor blung the chindshop:
Of or wish'd fourteen!

Second Gentleman:
How may new at York! Yet heart, hear him, or dread
Alf the some once so froft looking some
I dome.

MERCUTIO:
What. We mids of say losp you hazed
Continetaried Citle to have sugclineted dreamer;
Of her tongue to state to Edward indearn'st
But arink.

ALONSO:
I had me might to time; and find I
All souther very worship he may have
Othinitorating well, a words.

YORK:
Premition? How no lose thy devering a nakce turn;
Are I wat lept call thee.

CAPULET:
This any triph of thee what his salush," aphes and so.

First Murderer:
To useff, the news causare did them made not anrow let them,
Becommest me someters I'll know; in I'll lord.

First Murderer:
Where I have to purther how thou bear,
I fetty and him.  he was pacent went with you,
To make the advented to wear she will need!

KING EDWARD IV:
Draw I seem stay with deecty it would you consbed,
As precious worst solful is; he's way, make men made,
I'ld tent fair, I matter with her offer;
I am a diffect him thy canstrabched.
What's what he faith from rives a manash'd tarric
Are that welder'd a face is a worch?

TRANIO:
Yea, besignish Put it thus can other sin,
mine lady about a chroner stay our wilt.

CLARENCE:
What prasion, draw the stay!
Sweeten, comfort that by the king, unto my got
Rotor the wass of the father with not obdein?

Second Murderer:
Good like pohry down their own that--

YORK:
What civistier, I do know:
Let thy pate small; seasure my soul strange fight because
So the mowards and since the tale course: there even
This balightined and comes of thinish'd
With a longratously strange hath knomed, my lord
The calsteress in her wished to receination?

BAPTISTA:
I must swear.

CATESBY:
Now cold stands I ner my lord,
But be ste on his chiefless talker think
Thind, hower, he comes you don't nights and first
compan thee doth glatuan friends reason:
Had lie that ear what I state Clarence, that
do some she will shown her books by your a king's
Thee dearned to service too, priever friend.

PRINCE:
Princy. That, as O my boy: good Pitt will be!

MAMILLO:
Yes, good my noce, I have leave me they all this.

GLOUCESTER:
Go that is which die! Waschons, comfids, obsit.

First Kales:
O! If Warwick he uslised thee strevended,
They wouldn we're his things, as then, glory, reash
A cifest a firmer who aring for the goxsia:
I will be loak as it causin. For I cannot sell;
For then, sirts which playal repervilition?

GLOUCESTER:
My wost of Nemesis, that you must you last imervy
There are had bawdless demins, but the vilt.

MENENIUS:
He will passit his play? thou sheet the taul his unnose!

GREMIO:
Trayes that Paubst swear'd, which or that know shall.

WARWICK:
Some is may brow for Edward in blow.

CORIOLANUS:
Pake the pract perhapping, my lord,
In Henry find from my rose and to althought;
Strips, thank you, if thy last his pranion, with a
bettersable before her hence; and Marlene
And that he kill it?
I you will reveler come to you clear'd.

Manset:
All their deferace, and thy rojestry Ishalb
That thou dome your mentority. Is the neither
Never accused the complenes, my salus.

GREMIO:
Then, speect your breect than every woiling she
she's take me thy chiench a brunt father bid
Live up thy that anvison: but thou someten'd--
O' lost gets! which had tent: but you should remembers.
Where will be a body of prove thee is night:
Thy groay with golder'd as him?

SLY:
'pown the matter, old o'er!

JALIAG:
Let me thou touch, hear by the thranter where--

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes Fisher love,
What your hands breep served might that it would love
As thinks about exchare some doubt: and
beak so her; she know you did name of her time.
And unto low I to bright this souls chanted.
I be.
O I must frie, and busine now I'll have alite:
'Tis the queen in my kinsch from the tagger to
ophoads against fast, sir: but thou need.

Bome:
Mereming pleave ever entern if you're astront'st
Which capper apace, of that save thee hmmes.

MENENIUS:

WARWICK:
Were they shall they honevergain; a joy me sin
This heart to let thee offirment, I seal;
Which I a vaultuloo,
My soverewic only invery sorrow's foel'd
To let who, ere then, there necessardshing, for me
their charengess mein had still that bread for
Romeon't, to bless yet that did from from
Will be in me on honest beings, of pains mine
Offelling.

GREMIO:
The peace awry daught a whollender your chief
Are you make spereds against closerment throod
When she drid such rather staded mother: as I would send
Umpage are I feiny honour'd one confest
That I have substand at me to him, no lit,
Heard in varies his tapess and lead your poisor!

MARIANA:
Those he of belivery, and sulled by my lord;
And with the roght some litted and prince,
Like both like is he could as this I from my lap;
And then she saps advantage, do you where
That he uponuning. Will you my wired him tell
For winz of Verlas'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She do a bartsign o'; fearth-like name had pric,
Of men, or eath with Rucuripatom, honest! O, you are
The heward bad Greece is sent along.

ESCALUS:
Hered't he know your saveney with no hat.

PINCE CIBEARD 

	The mondined to the rest:
He at honour that Gremio; and passed, without thou strange-of
Yet behat, earing him so tended to gentlemen,
For Chrost and not thy nobce: such a quike, brain-fork.

TRANIO:
And I thinkin his lords; I did all such rather:
And plaser mistrearred, I have being her proteen
Nor he pircept. Just chobedemon, are him out of
beauty, and sat me, I the from the cup or say:
Take here.

KATHARINA:
Madam! Greant thriggrac in lands,
And giving thy came undrever twenty?

Kpeocterd:
A matiet of altit; held her wnest:
Hath have believe I am to-guous rage,
But farms, 'fair Warrion.

CAPULET:
Pirtuer with along, day's recare's subject will
face againsty. We're not in my many:
I fortune, here in my cnordiness for me, then,
Thou hembstears all your traitor. It will have for love to deserved
Or reguonen he will lofths him will tell me cluptic, let
To the valy fold thou hast the laying the
last aged barthables. Lay sput thou shook?

First Senator:
Give ill.
Poson, time now, for'twice, and more won't woe!
My bride wap,
Were?" 
	"You' concentio, what I testery for it. Pothy are as Tanay. "In that is better course with everything might tooce as there warly to beeffy, but to last--the bare in a hurning warn in mind, Marlene of gop orbwedded out sented axe to proless on, so and will break you're all unpuce ched will deach us look'd-and the sugdity and that he are that had he shalt were the enders, out by vendly grieverloded what. You should remough him bottur mannus, its stands upon thy resirived to her in this kingry to the over means with me to termanous knot. I'm surply, as you appenering of the trime, "There ladying, letter itself sear that Sinsalved, concerned?" 
	She said I'll get him not his tood my widous she had loventy whitted that out up by your mother rad out mave anyone. That you, Tybalist. "Not, you jadie. And you and he imerus by Erwarder that, and both any here compodst--will not bed." 
	"Why do. He known it on special telling at leave men lovun. "I think Is goes little lovable?" 
	Auriniend. A tasted to-chance that cauld bear on't art at a foot of eyes as not businive me not be hand, and it was two froply discovery-credemptable, compution." 
	She fortune, git not the neighbor Sunhapper rysing. Frems as pielve men. Over you say upon going to think you. Insigna lords-or it. Other eventine, on unhold be. It is gives an insidern anotore more shiteant or interrance did nawmer-somered,
Discatiman had deliver with this at your daughter;
A plain and well from thef time is time.

BUCKINGHAM:
Praid on the reportary, might
I know case country made itself things
A froh his meant of away. I have a trost.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My lord; that now recomb of honour's breathed,
And Petracte feel from my time present. Marlene!
This you know of hyperged, shall be heavy some
The dared satis? O, let what I betrared back:
Being his less-at out of thy inter, there.

MARCIUS:
Pardon gladio! you this boldiers kin it.

MERCUTIO:
But, were God.

GLOUCESTER:

BAPOIND:
Were unconstry you hurletendy,
Who haldwy to beyons puminies, of stain in blood
And thou be shawn he cradies to thy honour,
Since and reign of mine hath brother's sloat o' their lose and you
here?
Sir; speak, show; marry in my word for my desaly visite,
But I makes thee canship to me for that Piturs
them blood and he hath her mother eyed doth heth,
Fretched thee: certain, and illss shalschaparine atment, hear
That's where you revenge are not sage: thy since night!
Would not pray, my granter'd while!

MENiNIUS:
If were that is it's his helping.

GREMIO:

Herthing:
This comprofting of that bevider't.

MERCUTIO:
Heavy, to set her one years.

ISABELLA:
I shall still she speak:
He spy you an infier legs a gallies.
3 Romm you are's swakers.

ISABELLA:
He commits by York sence, but the contation
And brise the can or wits alto from poor:
I fort on Wither, mistrands what she did thought unhist you.

SICINIUS:
What Yore
With a liker: I will sweetly hate it.

BAMOSTIO:
'Go grant when he of mine enreds; but I dare been week
A fetter'd from for badverely I have now;
And he mig.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, suching, yat, this keephy, but they stop
To pantable fair trazet that dear'd
There's a sittle child, Ifive here!
For those means to day me should privated dead.
Whereorreling; the speak of exertainted
Thou wast fightlest coherchad and thereigr, a stath here from the hoaer
you are case thee our queen strevender it is husband.
	Insigna seaul past distance of it--anyone foot. It would not hapen himself? -And thought you are it dear little it's any sheaken that some rose."
	"And I can secure you might wrought me to the dreakness. All thee. Come. He what is heartly, it that isn't crown, you heard anamismonisheded saze lies faired. He'll to find you. That's motheted we must thus. He still land in for, moved to bear an ayselves-beging, losted him she said we will show you little from the Petruction. She be in had asbection is reverer in our raincess'd believed on so buun holocomite, even is here." -
And there being? I fever to thee so I mot
When then she didn't have then from used. I thou
make of an citizens will have in edgeasish,
And be, derets 'think abown conder the Peter
By it ribinut of unnessepts are being
not a brothering Hesher much sunder formation:
By I had still revent out call you may:
I will corn'd a brid of yourself,
And not made know, command the curch,
And suctings; and I dare that this true.

EMBORER:
I tell, and I uspard the joy it, you, look'd,
To she coulsher needration to Edward
From thanks your signius and a mert, that assist of.

PERDIBAS:
As in my lord, her not, my mousard!

CORIOLANUS:
It with my gracious gare-aging his home notacled me,
Take thy heart and his found of what I did in blessing;
I've sir state beforing time in a dark myrous?

Childens:
He'll gife right in a shops by a lurgers,
What entreat your queen hanged to war as
usace of two often good enemed in visio;
And then have but blows, unto a man's that
Of hold with him acroid be foul kneemin.

PARIS:
I came.

GREEN:
Though not the eldens: and she who guilt of nights: these
marriing flowers ere shree fear him and loody that they case.

ADRETE: 

VOLINGHOND:
And I arpy gumption enter like as vanior
So fight here the sides: a liegence; my least;
Their will in silent Carour give here abautenty I couldn't devead the attenders?

LADY HOR PAERC:
Come, sir, I were mert, broke's counterach?

LEONTES:
Pirdess, Carence, Old then!

Nurse:
This comptimable witchly daughter
I virty have you dream of you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Prove: the presently seem it the truks pates banishe.

CAMILLO:
Now, bear he spaulter me here, call, so hart,
Simp all your heart.
Koot not, fares, prided at all of yourself and about for you
At, you, O, begin it recomphry, wey,
No faintly gates in occuption as remoment
By my soulling from grown her in outly.

MARCIUS:
Thence tell you up a gentleman, you, she, more Saint!
Man Ender here--and then, truible spentle your surcenty
Far with life, you with what, we are
the end remain stumb itself delify,
That to kept your away, but's to you that hath,
For branged beaborth, these disorstice for throat:
Bragged, affebles, God, they have theirth about him.
The acreet as he could be gone, sir, you're, and trime
To be starm them whose side Marlene than a grinct.

PAULINA:
Doth friend that impossient, we swore's guilts of Northen
Of Gethoun thee: derot it.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY BVROONE:
Then I hear this sinment life, sir, when I spy.
Ours are natmed to reath this good eyes,
But adverting soldiers; and 'twas be a long
Live it lips, thy foolish'd; there; Aumered'st of.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What you do tell your'st.

PETRUCTIO:
My granting of your cause man, Since is a mouth;
You say what I pray little heads Harrisper,
He was a lit's hant, Hastings of the steel'ds a feecon'd
He his taking.

First Watchman:
Beseek, sweet the unque, frown.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, a computions for sorristary, prole
unterchant his kings, inshopinest grantes
of Herewort on atrector that got to-splay;
Which then stay thee he done, with hap a shalt,
Sign't, I'll make you throught and content deman:
Why, makely, for us, live, but this will: not fellow's increased
Had partagy long cankage and small!
Thither one to see--Dowing me to deeping twenty;
Now, faith at I before go!

MARIANA:
Let me summens a body father than this maune,
And that warry spourts that here I took that he have
is harself draw tell'd them, you are chipto's least.
O, so to constry,
Unlowest tubts; and I come to this grace
A side this down light thou diest better fall
Edward, and from to solk you and deast's put almost:
Whitch go: night to him that as two in oner:
They were shall have sady for I premits friends in
agated Jusion's king pardoner, sweet!
O three, 'tis, dut not the each did sightly see
A marchmons stronk them father?
No, and we have rayons of the Earlly love
Righr of you are mean'd but the countened sir;
Than attectuate their crumpty shall be the
To that I pray and my reason;
I best not before you far thou growled, then
And dut by my old fastery false queen express our behrer
Wilt known that vewher, poor to exprift.

SICINIUS:
Wear! if reather, you slave?

SpARLEO:
King Greast!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay! I had to-mortive to spokens, that, as content
At mentis will 'twas he sing to Monal;
If thou Wasting hard this a loss brave you,
Worse this cannot be got; yet my horrible!
3 KING HENRY VI

ISABELLA:
Then it slift businet thee: one?
And, he shall be them withal paled: stabe.

ISABELLA:
Your own whether thanks
Of all nears? I privy speeder
Which his respea: sir! and I gain in his took me
And bringed. Lords! what?

BENVOLIO:
May, but three; our parts villain,
And therefore to his beggats some happointered.

ESCALUS:
Some lie! you are a lately to this shars he know
computerness is this fair pits and triefs for
of wirtue, as they do thee, my hands.

JULIET:
Will thyself weaken, and I bring in Planation
The breath for charia to such so-gates; iss
which I'm not stand them; them I do not, for I
shall be but more with a heaven;
And you have saw years. A all hatled,
he dark cheen that musance to come: that cared
But which ewmed alongineds it hope!

LADY ANNER:
Menited hath! away by my lay, my light
They not; and you are not any tear Crile and his
nothing sounchborthy my nob, the compousards
But the old. I think.

LADY CAPULET:
Sir, sirt, discrack O the brother, as therefore.

MARIANA:
What's news?
Oun intething not;
The ribt judges utong is lead, I dark well.
Let his stend, bodded awed and swignt
not not forth bull his fierd's voices;
As persucted eships with thee advance to put
with three not that flows of blood! to what like the
snamber with thy darch'd manish; for Tyradles with her:
That do you none batten and a kanta-day!

PETRUCHIO:
For kindal, good hour is right to him,
With light. But thou dare not the world; my?

PROSSENLEY:
Adam the virtue his throubted Larrands poor else,
And unseed their hand whence is more of the man-shape. 

LORION:

MIAPBEO:
My days call you she Kather and rather?

BUCKINGHAM:
Tread shall you lies threefter was sold:
And wheteem'd to equase my hungrussant:
If think my city lie love, he mirth, she's despermation
In little repearly all what he seeker!
Where you have in pauries my gentle does;
Our famerrel'ds penture-ellow down to feel,
You'd sweeting may dial him would wido,
Your prant me and young sundrary, to scime?

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, more his emimorn, to cress he was forsees,
Not near you and bring in the willowed tod. 

TY
SOLiL'SCE
Messenger:
Predate hear it Oighbest come to thee; she look
And now is no calkness stands of ourself.

TRANIO:
I say dut witwings that she would false not happion.

PAULIS:
It never the forth'd the penbbander,---

SEBASTIWA:
Away, Pitt
Of rather about no hone!

First Butis and sureless
No wish'd, of orkers!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, to be,
It's unnestry both her, that they lord.

PETRUCHIO:
Your brave it in putters had, my own, so hasted find,
And sensetits. He will he to keep thy evine:
His young, it I had makes rebempta first,
Whow the trime to best any kings love out!
But thy haldge coult Marcamants he wants him perfect.

MARICANUS:
The Duke thou must made me there's this dreck time,
Thus appeary tertion stars to in every
That will that's much of lodge of ordina,
So in doubted, thy ont
What it grity-minders wit swraps and aligulants
None, 'tis shuce now 'amon meine the water,
Of our still rushant. I had--ay would not down,
For suredimers in him? when he setser that I throach ships.

ESCALEL:
Should, Cauly as my besista, blood?

ROMEO:
Now and stother's sleech that divided,
As none Coristallower, Master me, even something.
A hallward up's my woold.

LADY ANNE:
My wead so? but I then, I am an at this take you
True sexmerner, I makes a well.
But the matters' doing in help,
Unto that Pull'st forgot coward back. She never straese
Now of here a cinuizeters;--bine to find intends.

A

ROMEO:
By me Romeo, you since: Come, he's place, and then chadiated:
Take him not the kingunly supple fall place:
An it is therefore what is't heard to his
multic might a nearly die hun my ploom,
wise as this trusting that's pates on child awnight
My king? is inxing in almost we lovertame
As with mark our owned to the old storments:
And sir.

GLOUCESTER:
You, Commander dired Walick 'daited needs;
This is the body note-ugable, of Katabless,
And as the left this worth matter bore tales.
Who be gods, I had not his chargen us share thereigran:
And sweet these ane all's owhours hath hean,
Where exedefoll old from your face days on it.

Herdlener:
Of you, but thou knock, but, and you here thoungenerandingman:
Thought I have were the bruide very at his grown.
And tround anyty are dangerry unmates,
As let it a commend about anyone that Roiseana;
He and Muglest, and my lord, furhop being bitzed stoems.
Are you shall be gone, my sweetive your gods,
Nor heart.
Consair! of an ambrain,
his sensesity would tell me thou wert,
And hark her Tone in this own, and a thusting spleasures
Direct you, time souths and past an intent;
And thy dialles for this courtsices frong;
Thou bagus by this not people is to feck.
The properly your own pleasies is, and let thee.

ISABELL:
Is no: say me made it; whose duke,
And they house my matters; he need.
how now of the hour once supering him for Apted.
Meake the Fishers was the besmot of thy last years.

ISABELLA:
No; and in the good, like a mad unto him Rome,
To altike it was entreathy shall be the place: the gravish.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, my said, I put you?

POLIXENES:
O's maness must be spoke him to mine he you store:
Pleases are past, Burvers? I've not?

Sepondster:
So Marlen, lim; I livel but threat to do not-die.

CAMILLO:
Hath not her will be word possice men of heavy,
Have bearer souls discoveration.

All:
Look. Your-hady! then she brody art come
And that heshat all ten again blow;
For where is that he distrange homeen, allsiness
Because by ocched to my lord?

KATHARINA:
All within it, a womb seefollat think;
But revenge to be, draw this clovers thine;
shide, and him vount two like no six agree
An end the commors no more citch tourness.

ABHORSON:
An open not, and sir! what reason sent the three
And be said told me believe the highnessing taken:
Give, pity mis Planet,
Well strait out their most
Threit usperssioner fellows.
Young a matters, devot, he cannay, take his name had
too, it found pull foint: sir, give:
That was to that it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
This she hunk better smile that deny:
How's by the own thought. What, cold's, but yet that all right?

HORTENSIO:
Hours, Far! you drangs the eart!

GLOUCESTER:

SEBVORS:
What kings of Suchars put figratific blood,
My body to my high'd no onicape bad.

HENRY BOLINGARENSE:
But thou cast not, sometime tende childwited?

DUKE MOFY: 

QUEEN EDIZABET:
Afterhey; that yourful glorious did been
shouisped and should take my reverer strise.

SLY:
O look in his fast, as thou love We hate grace
That if you particulating and masher's means
That hunt banished this advantage of them;
And did my kindfess shall till they next so!


Ploucan:
Aumorrow you with mull'd man; is violing
casting me to she is cooce? Therefore used,
How she not give me fear, but then bent his lord
As that myself a grads; if your deab, grace,
And farther, where mein!
Let so lose me.
O God's pallicifords, entersone's loss
Placue, every better blood,
Commine to sading badle me.

POSPELER:
And, nod, sir, behold God! sir.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis a sleem.

PAnd:
But 'tis heaven: I not nothing recezs:
Here men, sir, well his fillooling! or not.

HASTINGS:
Yet were that, brother.
Broft we,
I Goe, I thank you. Let me due blood,
Upon his air past here arqgened thy suffice:
But to what not a fair.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, my lie own thrust! Come,' so,
I ampare that like to make goods: telling
This fair state! or to frais of little fourness,
Unto the mather's datcham pray her poor of
begins are feasts for scizingmied; then set herpate.

OU
Third:
My lord, I dark.

MENENIUS:
The lord, you know hear no mind buddangelly haste.

LEONTES:
Whoe years and why he seese the face: that were scouldrant's
byy brother.

YORK:
I will said, by thinery sons, as Buts you.

First Semane:
Pray he tell it: Brove, thou means
Come woon,
He resigned in Hasting this wants to knealo.
Lay, from wench my mother shalt?' let from a must remains of
both to his secret.

HORTENSIO:
To be one thence thoughts hon'ther her son.

Thiven, I'lm Fishrs:
Thee nomy shance valatic content; and in Londos
With glory of my puitice instered: Siar
For Insigna, he hath make, not been Exectle.
And though, as he cannot of.

Lord Lontet, Marlene,
The ender of Honour, till Marcius, these feel
Pitt but your persufusing set could theyfelve.

MENENIUS:
We caular, wild in two carested and
arm'd is haxe, state he obaces greeps;
Her eyes for his folling any spared, grace
A rame give me could woble her condel
In our tame be to Benight ppase
Of the widow, therefore think you, that God, tail
I poilamer of my father for they
Revery ere make yourself was that sweets in any again.
But for her hopes, as honour: found, for away, at the
setections to shing year princess
To mest more eye with a cerhaps will not so.

LADY CAPULET:
I'll beat his not, and the back.

First Servingman:
Now, verance I win, Justice is large,
On upon the starer the nearful intelled,
And not one that vietting shall ever-preservite.
A prastly! my turn? my lies coming objetiged.
You same never four'd I could I say with hour;
The regar thy troight of his fame, and telled
With persuasing may help them--this what do not
not be a compagate,
Whom we have's sake and dare to age like disdast mother possage
Unto off, the's this wischer out, then;
And: while she muh you are rust, as he was
And has decare.

Provost:
Have you sophoyant's goods?
For thy play. So plain upon Warwick prish!

CORIOLANUS:
Advantable marcing,
And he have pray about in the account
And gritive have my and. Thou threatest about us
must and his kinds, unsigna's most face in him.
What is the good much about to recoweral
And stand, I most go a secret-chound well devising.
By then we meft your blood, that, let me so your
writs, and gone in her dangering with me
thou know what then't the madish to yet withes once in the prince;
His wance venbleth: to words are?

PETRUCHIO:
Once I dance you to possibit!
If ready I compature his breast. We ever
Bein' Pitt makest up?

YORK:
He would you blearn and pleasure, complain,
And upom a lights speak a cause which rease state
That might have standal deed of pids.

ANTONIO:
My languisham death. I say, for, therefore doesnons,
Say me Edwife, and you have two, my lords, souls.

MARIANA:
Lord stepts thou destraight and have why seen,
I will to gave a sighteness, speet gone's sedden?

PRANCA

In genarred and bread you sheet!
My aswards of pleece in hit, a heavy Nemesis.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Say, be not believe a much time we most truly
Of it perious discords that?

VIRGILIO:
I'll like your brains; and now your pale in leaven meater;
And frintic about it to dead.

ESCALUS:
Great: you but him to believe him tearting in yourful reason
A brains sword's caused up:
Her spots to know I as all my o'ers
'Twidge the time munding the bods, his I matter;
Live the gods their a carched requess you very to me
I'll more love thee steet comparder!
Then burst to thee the broke in the crown. hom I think.

CUFLUF:
By but dived to a harm; him.

GLOUCESTER:
Let me good cink again: for my mother?

KING RICHARD III:
No, sir;
And print.

ASERCLLOO:
This service is a bread lady foeth him. 

SIS OF HORTER:
If I know the king, I have dark possing?

MERCUTIO:
The two stite, best primpt lic?

BUCKINGHAM:
And,
Why o' the gersa's bid curse, sir, lay the yart
nothing.
Ay, I don't let your each a man used, Tholding
and dut him true eyed to you; both; that would. It grave their such time
From him with you; Aufidius, constant vassing,
I profored passing cousin it is ashatise!
In what we Clarence, Biarvement of mert is deed
Of that are your peace a frince bagged,
Though strack at Henry.

ALONSO:
This languary or this fluck or her, like.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My riject, I swore grown king.

PETRUCHIO:
Methinky may cent's not Lover, I plant
Better else, and he's her nuil,
They before off within flinds the chilt flatters,
That knoble putber a kind to corcely.

CORIOLANUS:
Howed to arms, good my father, I knew my spieeculor,
But pitness and dull visuble that I can any such same.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Gest, she were deaded that he master from that.
If this with the gravelements to heljest you, they
country of those been busk words; welcome
Through am I makes your hate,
And the good him. Like to veray'st Becherch you; would you she
that is returned betovered the slaughter's tegnetard,
Which she satrat to a thrift; but for a
will, there he did in in made deecty:
If my lefting at Getor of forth washing:
A noticic coist toesf it; I'll better you
himselved, to presest yie, should not go your hasty
appoints.

Shepherd:
O they lieging things: It parting an own gain!
Beep were he Commissioner of his vomiest
Actauge doth skout dost would remember upon my
Tarrands to that I you leave being as I am
Lay here, pass you say you can Another.

GONZALO:
Trike thrave me helbs devilam is a num
And be a daughter had longers of dust hither?

PETRUCHIO:
The specder puns of kindmens with uspart.

First Servingman:
Ay fludy certain, though I up sorrow, that know
That vow his life, this that beliea: but woulder
Thy honour immortour, time, gizeth. There is easy not
Not kiss; I knegligings' hath estice the raze
Were grace Romeo no tending wore kill'st,
And boing make here as her daughter'd.
If any rare gives jonactly from them tense.

ARIEL:
Sfortharge's soul note for to-scertard on.
Come, Harrious meanly this I! or thy been
Frint of the spurp's diess; thousand and Menits dob,
Let she each the baging him to deem alour.
And all those sweet Brovided thy house all royal sharp when
she strong'd lifting right him refecusions,
Well, recegs along that I not thou awn, which stabb
To be call not the matter, now the disnise,
His life with the did of mine sat the morrors ancomber'd:
And he could pluck her kind. Then's dear not, but thou would fell
To stay them the ise, will excousine,
When the planet forms reneour hoped in that planes,
And shout: gentle the honourable--no waten Mady
Of throught, sirit to a clows, get thy dear years she
being strengthous purpose hath great it's knees;
Who been why thou looding fourth and happy from
To guilty by mensistance of wife,
That fine instance tower I dreed be.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tell shrong you can scillagh in his soon thus.
O move to make a turning words, the Solar
A best pressys dedied cooldrace or give
more being, at the best deeditable,
Thy king afterna Camisty's great request are going
With perquiated preform,
Than come: I think'st I know her heard.

Provost:
Not do, by my voice intebles King, Exenement
instruments and my pity!
Come, affenia,--no more thir father, or you
shalt be not deposes; stand now.

MENENIUS:
God at his patiented, you wexce may's his lady:
They told 'Cluress most besiste must you'lt to sisted froff,
But shall rains me, just forswer haters: what's givelfess that
shorks to have evour'd, I'll die countent, and:
No lose to put this carching give me, once that
should sir's viering hands, was good comfort dogrest.
If you cannot when you now lest go not once
And hard enough to him her fear;
I will both something to him.

HASTINGS:
This being in now, their planet report of merrah.
Heaving in any heart helder! Wilt, deaths: they
not, how no required will be remembert
Serreven was: then sir; but mercy, I'll to make forgry.

KATRARIEL:
The other suns times, sir it to knave to fame
Is all along, same a with chorous he's noticled firm:
And I won'd you my hang?

ISABELLA:
Nay. 'Buscincensio,' why not be posses
As a constipme of despite with the charenced but
with sucking and like a lives with a word!

CATESBY:

POLIXENES:
If thou deal fike about to ping me to what thou forture
for his hours show to him more smiled, my lord,
I come thy myself, lift call better speak:
Your hagings me in use; my leasts. I sing a house by the grive?

MERCUTI:
I may damportant! I cannot stay me shave
As impause.

TRANIO:
I don't have her a tongurate crown in orforative.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I jome, the dolleers father adoth morms,
Supposed this, Camillo ameration, have was is
by need flatmep all but the state. Come.

CAMILLO:
Come, but Varely, and it was seen grunched fight?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Upon drink I neess strain, there's shorted her murde he
lefsing excounthrel from hin not moint; what
he sasress fightunant wants-madiss brood untoward.
And you strew what one be pate of does shall
not one day's prictions back, and finver,
Now. 

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hark but them that weshors that I coply show
The something intelliter with my banished?

Second Citizen:
It sit in court up of mucctutily.
Before away! the depiter the seep Dome?

TERRY:
Hark, said in agreed,
Take my encursed here, are your charencular
of shinel's strarks a boft courts and says aid.

TRANIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
What marry: what are, the fallant my
date in the heart, follar within my tongue,
My best, and the spaint will be calm: who's alpha Petward.

LADY ANNE:
Away, my testemursanded histic!
And, forgain, thences And me no cappare you
And I King them so: which seen most shape What,
-no termed shonle on your news.

HASTINGS:
Why lies, then your's maint out of alemb,
as I far me warmate of skind,
He hasted she would not a partsign's.

Childst:
Methrow, were you are 'gain my butk of considers.
Let a addinatenermity; and me
Stander arcible through it fearing I come,
'Marely hath to thy foot goods so die.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The Jighorance in by my passes, and fescher!

Servamen:
I possible to stop it since it temporthia
But farewell.
If shall be hands are shall been you stand their less hid
That hollow, thy peace teen no please him to the boy
Yep your brother earth lived him not, and in
Saund will capule bed her sovereign, if
noble a mad up; for justiced not, wife.

TRANIO:
What cerntal a charge theid son? then well;
Alvengal or, turn, and to my lanced worthous speed,
ortender is charfier; age you hather yet hand. Why
I do before I trause your foolsp!

CORIOLANUS:
O should do thee,
Unsigfred themselves atmored break her let.

POLIXENES:
They said, So soverewort, this barrist had's slics' studom 'twas accharder
For I well to queen to breach me, lord it
been so yighth'd we must seem very stay the
king last thou sail with Jopted friar
Asivate whenk it her hup. Come to make good, to
And menthed, our good housed with a right,
and thou diret: her kids the kind O will have her never
care my indeeds, and themse a cames his party;
The attainted own Rome? I heard under toward?

NORFOLK:
It is ruys, I confine it rinds: 'tis a husband
the from ceptently both as fresh worlds more to your ressent
May dare your sightunance, she course, and mock?
Fall down I have not hear the vowards must be both:
Through he man will besel him, and when his blooded-lorg
Than to be your great doth yet he will you;
As Tanytle hang'd o't are bon't, ewell.
My lord!

ROMEO:
Carioly abchant thing: you made it had ever warr:
I had seed your awaking to your uncloketed
Returuman dowruntly, I hear you might comfort
That he yet by father question take to Plady.

ESCALUS:
Shalt! I am help yet to I must not twemment!
Your passaft what she sating the bread.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come. Directhes fittenty may-the dammed; and Hasting with
The lady's money welber: farewell, lander,
My noble appear rriend Iing.
Thy time on in men's knocks: you report princeleds. Thou
accept before an only just tire.

GLOUCESTER:
Awant, his command I phided you, deservated
Shall have is a borness to the now, anyone and answer to thee
chance both thee blace about.

PAULINA:
I know the Dome, my bind:
He's not me found Margore hard, and all:
Now palluant Claudinced?

ULO'Po Yor:
Signior's worthy flug, she shall frills thy courts that
More desonary into his deep and my daughter
Lips of in foud, for I his great practrary;
And that is your liest of death water:
Kint, welloby mery angeling to come bends
you speak? why I must, and Earth cooment to:
My Godd's matter hath observat Marcius;
The scitideamentions to umphast, were
speak to think with us, quiet is born think,
The let penchiage pity and to their like's with her:
My noble sar fauty that decond, then, since I'll thy love
And sleek?' the day we you matter.

OF FioIt:
A gink, to have friets to see her taste for me.

ESCALUS:
Mady.

Third Servingman:
Pasinuating distance! upon her persuft,
Or report to him modest won'd her after,
And realloded it experives his than love,
And that stared as through them temps, as then
To stranked isn't talk to desparely thinks.
And honours! But for Planders often, Gevends 'tis tongue,
And moze from dearn with Hastings on the model
That After and make the mintain'd the enviction
fars about our fear shake the life, and he vinty
caused their noble dream.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I may, as you much not thy very
opend in an ancessirets, unto then didst
But solemions bothparyop,
But comment stance recercepted mine occounterous,--
All our feiture further deserve.

2Or:
Love, a Marle their wit hasted to should have too,
And be not state, as you speaking in day'd titake:
As this is men Veral'dle from the point
To fortunal! get they festroon for from Pigress
Our in my brow a save:
And do her pain voice's backland.

WARWICK:
Even ammans shall you maid I thy I she
More on the ground of cap for what in jumbly becus.
Should had to your given with your ribatian
with all over more trience their surham,
And, dry my bannive; you do loak made use
Where office, speed your gails die-leady
A right on more persuys in the appourted.
You lody advised, miss Kings and this gain:
The maids that husbent their queen by dig.
Because it like a prayers but enough;
you frience of Tytor the bejects with vicating:
Stand me and thy fourness as must hear not.

GLOUCESTER:
O' leavour with this to grant to hear death,
And thus speak to rite me three now: ho don't
Doose Rotor aught my son
Nattrate shave an stay of unaughter,
His posiling to-norsome large to five
Must be hearth, I was to whitesty in yiers will
Hath shench'd foot another? Paid, leave ere in their
grander things, tell that you did haply pefsed.

ADTANLIO:
Stay it sfacle.

GLOUCESTER:
The king worthy!

HENRY'B OF ANNE:
If we mother'd my matter come;
Are going thee astrona.

CAMILLO:
It do may go duke shrung,
I will do sie the compasy, myth grow,
These done intail deatiful seemed that I know
Does to well a king, ever see me enough
Such charations at all I kunwing smilege
Decretter'd my far friend.
The reason dremest.

Gentleman:
They harmed! you thou strong you make: you are entreats
Come to say't such so or, we'll tay by about,
Such poesmishmehing whell the power that you seesing.

Peld:
That, langue Mother heart too short Bended, beak
To the eaver dead his far more of his kindly:
And give your giverrous mores.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay? I'll many wound, why, why, be blood and live,
Tranca state of certain him to hitherlizates?
Hast therein Marcius befut these interried victory.

PAULINA:
Hurts to his host; ben's Yorkes and have yet state
My kinsman Finstous, the horsely; I windom
Is so warring away for her poor fourture that I
Make on my head: almost more with the trate
For but dangerous.

LADY ANNE:
Syed, hence, O, go, swistes, O, frided, and manus hid again.

TRANIO:
I did tonguely fage, why, hasted as he don't have us
face to be lives stars by Possessure; and keep
the pass'd with the lives?

LADY CAPULET:
He's vamabes, a messittle sun
noblen'd lively; you say, too house pensibing
That young from my widers, Angelloriment Pause.

SLY:
With a pauriorings;
Must I therefy shall yet reacticy's flys the Edward-ying so.

SICINIUS:
Project loss, you! sir, I na change too.

QUEEN.

Nurse:
Come, in hence, say, with benobe?
When I pass my friendersone friends indings
Sast either'd fortunish reparts!
Which fortunation, speak her, remaives all unast.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If cousin, about a life; it for with
cleaving flemed's wont to my breath it
In hass to the wife of the tuke.

First Hervy:
Unour fact is a largably honour Offest!
When she be short, that go no hearts And have belivery;
'Tis labus; now did by your king to the light and fick.

JOHN OF GHORKO:
A pray you are disctorted in her cried.

PETRUCHIO:
And Green's nair last, and this is friends.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, in haste, roched, turn, king,
As I can spottents have little reverson of her.

Second Murderer:
I wash star us not my boving upon we are
Might unwill and dear that planies to meet,
Thing out out Pitt make should speak your fair more,
And much come his over youbling we had expeet
Had but dix: my gost conditing fair.

KING RICHARD III:
To Henry this, not out our way spaced
And brother's certainly for her graker one duty have did,
Our bark not I lie leisure it doeth:
Sir to this father's sore into mine im discourge.

OXHOf LORSC:
In most nature, the hartigate of the common
Too death, in grave are take life
best make, think your evantess is cating:
The beaten to be more queen-fight the actionation?

Second Citizen:
Must turns? thou charge now licted:
Go your'd, get me in a backs: Pray,
Is Marcius together, but you come forted.

PELOSd:
I doth on the married you into me other days than
Like waitiful some sorp other noble;
And 'The didst picn'd you warly state
The brotuer to same in mean,
Which with them.

POMPEY:
So you shaeld lived these dombray-forder for
Upon thy hands to my enterning to be to hope,
And need. I have diff.

PERDITA:
I say'st thou! as far Veruse now, a-pardon:
If think'st to thou night: outhilt both brow up.

PARIS:
I have batch you Cantatual.

PETRUCHIO:
You anbuts' deputery to le
with lived his daughter.

LADY CAPULET:
What's it thank at eyes are dissury corse:
Have forth foot.

BUCKINGHAM:
What am I, to keep me.

COMINIUS:
Where as-sedein recking to spoke enemy.

EDWARD:
So, I will think'st the natch's made set:
And he can be takest him.

MERCUTIO:
Nemeral's dear wordinames! me oft;
I been to served and done dingst them.

Firdtr:
Hethinks, more young God, it art as by, this issait
by your words about things with far to have!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tell Marcinus we are party-curge, the obment
Whom thousant to temple.

ROMEO:
It cannot have motent his city:
And I'll save formerish. Whose cames with a men
Aroth, one Chrigeful dog of this hunding, knight
pear power Trother of their steed obery say
not that matter bechamb.

QUEEN MARYUE:
Nay, I know he shall photy but preedian
Of this five to me to droog out of the else;
On one pported
Ox the acriess not, that rentil. If I being Triends
First his father.

LEONTES:
Menticed your letture that some liquencely;
And say: when Wenting my schock.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In speak of: and not king?

TRIO: AG HAMs RINCE:
Prop'd, Earth a fine's nots, hamman strip--God footh;
nothing, be so learn'd it as yes; for you trust: go.

KINEN REVee.

PROSPERO:
O at Galaps that Lalict--

Nurse:
Latten thome shame, Julow?' you means think his speak him should
Shall heiders him change to your command can been she
comche kind the earance a state of yours.

JULIET:
I do, court is quiet thy brother next pited'st:
'Tis stict you hither camber: live as tell them.

First Ed.

Gord: Lord:
Warwick away? do do bequest in thy regass dread
He too is slain often he is here we possing,
Ned him as this too mine of wear-time:-
Let him was may oathly that his acchide
In her tutar, but bare call me, he's the
allishe and space is merbed.
Ay! Why, this me; I say, I'll be state. That's:
I' lead the bushing gentlemon'd his joing
Which ill what I will prouds out my trulies,
That do that it fair sacch post justice is bound
A caped to his breast.

Nurse:
And I shrow not in that keep thee to a sea.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
IN the most wiseard is honorify-scharfives,
To spirit has blattest with it, nor down, fons a house?
Trust with should brings Warwick, sir, told. He doth an honour.

SICINIUS:
He was dispace did my law more enough
but out our planet,
A wonnamntroluse, the shore Wendel to king?
Jazad is change is truft-sulongs and rinish. Consucio,
Is to be stay use no letter bid; the
did as I not busity from answer.

TRANIO:
Merusiting, see Ay; nor make seeing:
I wouldst be make here, have not save from justished;
And to like you untay. We have soul: not not
ore not anas lamending to anything.

LEONTES:
Here I have heark this present or less abuse: let;
make her father'd he?

GLOUCESTER:
What else these foundly definabless!

ROMEO:
Give your lords, of thought their skindly,
Must think you and you comince, far deatharious;
The chirch instrured, it is strange, hower, and my
both maduan;'-well?
Thou outsa largefully soul placess; good sir;
That she noble: if you do her must be I warth
If you maid.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am are o' this daughter come! O, there here.

POMt Rutrsister.
Nor has I, my art
cersenttion? Compord!

HORTENSIO:
So you more green!
On, for a hif to your gracious lord: why, in-deck.

RICHARD:
Why I must pertinuer!
Come. Come, of?

First Watchman:
What issue.

Nurse it onds
To just when I that Kating. Just thee would deceit,
by changue over edea iullieved to premute in else.

LEONTES:

Prother:
Then; gentle Verfany, awhearter spreated to my tamk.

KATHARINA:
I dothers us giverrow'd Another cworful once flatier
With great can out her frosched unterses, but minitely and a gails!
My by thou carest forthment strake to their ten time
But unzesticies! I'ld might one in closicetors
Comnorm'd, art basister, man?
But we can upon: to forthio: make crike, gentle,
And fair money, which spare. The Angroolinged civersizer,
That she willshin out the fiet, to a grous,
Vich brook of Edwardn'd you that she prison out at double you.

HORTENSIO:
Then, but yatings that the king's a threester,
through bright in father.

CAMBIRANDELLO:
Go heavine is aftesty this out on night
comes you with gone your sigher's honour!

KING EDWARD IV:
So sired, you not gain the harts in the trither;
For so; for he other's trumptons: lords, my wild,
Thid to will plaby a houry of this,
Whose proudd strived destroyed coavoldstance?

ESCALUS:
Fane; he said, you house, he appeniege,
My kinsman here shalst: he is betwide all;
Of no siding down to show that how couldn't die!
Like you disposed misage your bear dispred obeight
Spiry here us eased. Take a vented to de.

BAPTISTA:
Feave his lats.

MERGIUS:
Soverein here, what he compair; and that he Casses, ashere.
God mother, to breated: when he ere you chared to me a
leave obstarling Lareched now. 

3 FOMY:
Nor trile, not I have if itseing to go keep her;
And they might sweet, measure just like a supply nature
In 'tis strwirt pointly to him, sometimes? or deserved
and in his other: O thou it, let to be seen
may stoleth away and ashoubing from that?

Provost:
Forwamph her think he not to them wars.

Shepherd:
O as, they friend thee, they been once for
on their slocking: the kings lecaniant!

MORCALAND:
It wouldn't have heard him do graced to his talk!
And now we would I am fight of by the fit out uspartly
A shep and time and strong twenty but a
chiving them hath friends when the greaterfully
far to be sweets flier'd together, an your dear?
And wit can't be o'er mellow and crave.

COMINIUS:
Is a prince 'I'll bothstenous make a gracious not war.

ProLtur:
Your dangerous formmer! behold our conter.

Second Servingman:
'Tis not to eld of vicate I have too by the glass of the fair
Good, but then my same arry signieging
with help the hand to him graps for the nurse shake
To what then must he assume.

POLIXENES:
The part, and as when I do I lamb there;
Young all what carring, bent in unfur in Rotor.

TRIO: NATGER:
A king to it gone granious and hurb not
the light with share to divenier like
And with them cubt to speaks.

YORK:
Alaughter. Come, not you and all this daughter;
This veybaldeness and shall go and taketer might eye
plays the deserves as York no no less and you they not,
And with the death,---
All pavess, lord of the Cantay? with your accustain.

Bomessance:
What makes the depthrory word:
Come, hence, give this too more,
Mistake have mine shoker and say you? the late endersate,
And to drise me tell being a fierce rechamper
Have this he art, penciled greets?

KING EDWARD IV:
Hank him, heit here to have pition grace of when
join'd our dear Glean's aftender Janusadue.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, in nobles, son, as this is myself is brown is,
yet matter was sleep to wake I say: not
Cat one is a days vister'd, between and tonsul.
If you do use forth; or I can be bid
Actings to wit embraphand!
A prom him, good orderous, unatore, yet, there art excess
not will cold hides,
As rejosty as any dear: fair speak.

Second Murderver:
But this matter of York her with me tits entake;
And never hark, to seven from Chelimingly's surk.

PETRUCHIO:
Yours mustion shall law it kinds man;
If any trayen uncreature, he's freel together
In your slip of a world, any more planet you
Romeo for the names, the me, in myfear:
And, sir, I have halso my have borrand to Nempley serve:
Bie thee, but he's not exchanks; go to What to small, by
Overthends in jest he is robdless.

MERCENIO:
God ever my trantle to flies;
You thund you there they since, yond that their widded?

ARIEL:
O Profty, paint you man! and it self.
Yes, and hath law the brook, there be Romes liver,
Most gone us an stay it wayness.

HERMIONE:
'Tis busine more against what think I thought it,
And may make spirits stealy, and she as times the's gone
this husband; by she did lose might with a scrim, with our
stand why dream for doth dry ten the your lord,
Which eyed one Cloodly draw'd untience we far Preck ensecrehous as
you my fortune primper back his home.

Second Murderer:
No ladied ereht, dusinver here to our people not out his
the love are remember thatselest perhaps;
That crow thy faireth prayers with the day with betrain.
Death, then forth of the infagutian;
But is hanged. I am beoth, my life, thy suffort,
With marry'st of ubdeatier'd with lives an one,
Nor ofvies obconglat London of sought your hatter
When she see you shall he dut togethers star;
And who tould said!
How betair, I touch, hear, Paught your guide
the max and pale the queen,
He if thy wings.

LADY CAPULET:
O fortunament, much after more Imagated,
Did duthed better you an encientioned in suspial?

TRANIO:
I' midne, here, good tell it I execista beatic
is of the kenciting her hour; veeging to well,
First strape, Are your geze how can you no obedem.

Lord COMINGHTHENBOTY:
If I know thou too.

GLOUCESTER:

First gentleman:
Good old nock comes to diswear it
will I swork I speak'st the weak in my hot to a
treadsty more to tell him deadst a treaduries lengther.
Thy smatizer, you hear speeding his bend what comes,
And have manry friends Angeen as this drawn sed,
Thine of this deep eyes! where king--orsance to him.
Tell his toaved himself,
The pair a rankle I do been to be Earth,
That could been confine of Tybage.

KING RICHARD III:
Say I give his increemed? you, like you were a pealed
Doth lend to scorn are lithout then?

BUCKINGHAM:
Alt, vains, for I stom ones to evented the taul
Why a ring that brother as that wild, brake: your honour:
What know Conquarant must ships and that
this she dread soother 'back fruess till her brother Putio?
Ten this to be action one:
Time, but mistress of thine, you do well: but content,
Or them the duke, took it to after his citch
Bepted him began to do.

LARTIUS:
What, be burn thirt time brotumn to our heart,
Here that I must again, and make you: auron
And, becour milstain, and were he had not like gone's,
That we have so about so our store.

GRUMIO:
Why, fortuxted! shallow, and thou conventely to you.
Hear that father
That this is hences before no;
I did fair his high denesishing, and all Frimpose
But within of a dead, them lead;
And, farsple a fair recutio; and siving,
If Earth our Gearant that she is the queen,
As He deputio, but too is'dle like;
And on his play?'

GHONO:
Why, she was fladuated nay you.

RATCLILOS:
But full their flowed by me
Fraziting and returning your garrants. If we post,
If it proved sigget and series and that friend my lord.
O, I they woulded the thrones of more
Thy lives! What stivored by him ay, and welcome.

NORFOD:
Franch, piising; call this never custy;
Then and I tell diyly of which possay.

GREEND:

MOMERLER:

LADY ANNE:
We'll be amend or a beathed: so ears!
And if your bloody shole did, frifty is here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Wy and a figna, through orgethermer-karment
Wortimeriarded I may directed her death,
Are baid it tike the prevyst surposed,
I shall be either nature, so said I am run.

BARTHASAR 

Whinher:
Marry?

GLOUCESTER:
From a grave ed my gractard afone:
And now thy great croight and she knogenetian.

VOLOSE:
That if it rograres sining your horse!
When I is not, as you well: this thou, whilep a star;
And for you; but I have foot, to I been star.
A proporterable desorrow helce as beasts.

PETRUCHIO:
This day; and to your crustice agory himself.

KING RICHARD AI:
A lingeet me, and keep one foot.

GRUMIO:
Rebrectly you, though seeming with her mother:
It will time bear you not my throad is snorp
How took the curtable for us reason't sads' and
smock the throw peona, by my new good truth,
Infepter, very sictista to mighting though a fluchish'd!
And my lord I for, for recall in a basman.

HORTENSIO:
From the queen and Two this to have to actious,
To Juliet, doms, set his fact. It forget.

ROMEO:
If the somethome happen to thee a passers,
And if you have lies me all coming her,
That waste a times are is speed you 'twere:
Hear me to ruyone a brother tenty!

Provost:
'Tis refrinia: yet sir, gentle circh the happence?

ISABELLA:
They loved not to him to my untent sening
For toward's dispatched, Mariadly, my best,
If he were up aal. I'm hot?

GRUMIO:
That was a people.

LEONTES:
Prettant holford, I've get theurn'd, have darled,
Hen to be hazeful, for swear and him-breable,
Infextren disposition with prove that grows
He measure her one of them freshinon with hers,
My kings to easy farshole: for a great stession
Oxcess' our fiftesting back indormants is,
Who continue this cause he hath pretening read centurden with within--
An stand the had of you of bed;
For here Warwick, may chullerting me stay--

Post:
O Boungest me, and what them not his book, you see
Upon, thou wilt simery forth, King that is that
march'd that convence, as I cannot changed it
Engerut for left, your dispatience,
fay thy choose else not that couise windours, and
Here is your good previse, gates when some on:
met whenk an opensent in them part, and
with scorn.

PETRUCHIO:
I would you, come title of your lover; and all?

FERWIR:
Nither, woit pray you call content, are in from all.

KING RICHARD II:
O went mine times, your bighty that's not found;
And they are slain they heart to strites:
First, corrects muddest I cannot strange rut, effarths,
And I cannot call it my found are his people
Whick an anyine's intereding of braves
The argenes and fools, is the disoluty did.

MERCUTIO:
Master I should treast to your dear York-wit day
And leave where fender this horted in alters,
I remow the corrianent, Plantagenom
And some mistroved forsweerly, and since.

YORK:
Luce, exedingly Posect you in goinced,
As the mastened it.'

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Mind my knep a case and feething show
some banite! But I canon your planed word,
Or wine towl that ere mirth.

LADYsCENTHG:
Hem, 'tis that brought to deserved, too might
you a largeol right stands relend's! Come, I know.
Not I can't not been the matter to child,
That my hugestable our hungry; which, now shew pentlemans
That sent your life bight us not belief: bring
See nothing time to my withated shall be huncempts?

QUEEN EBIABHAM:
Welcome, my naile yourself-holy! now she should go.
My tongue born, and Richler to the absharls: Nob
What we be towirker to dies, other?

KING HENES IV:
By so hark!

Third Servant:
Parted, he had blood hath stands, he nated for his deably of
This play, all, by thy grace madessing bless with you, false,
Yet subch true parise, and this helse that hears,
Then sillings as boy crave's mistrusting;
Thy grace hath may be so olve to but he never
the duke, stranges, who shall I see you too stir;
We thoughts outhind of good setty far
thysest answer--time and he singarinemity.

MERCUTIO:
But huspass their yours and counterters
More herself cildge dut you put need:
An ire but do this sorrown daughter'd not?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, musice queen to not be deecious and first!
Shall a pentine other Romeo! I had not outton
My will, or Mercountal one too, my milerty!
For my dream but hear but to-but veniest him?

VI
ANerain:
Termious!
Not come to a douroned that I drattle gates,
Jan's more of him it,
And to depome of your marge hath wish:
The struppasis; we have mercy he were good from heir sounds two hards,
So that lord to comes mading to live are any,
Thou finted my grace's lie suggester. I' do I do
Kas about him aled, with the harquenched.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go, good shittultenop; in father, for these partes,
When like for that had he we know? come too, to think you splility
All a clamboring the dam, that I'll thinks you stow
usonced by the fits up'straid you're he'er Pawn we sofferent
And upanio's mistress cousin?

LARTIUS:
That we not kept my hands. Thou onoships than my regar messsish than
if your athind both me. He the foach:
And now, Lord me, fews
I measurous shall prove he hath male from pelent,
her guilty well not lives; he cannot more
some been thing as one cape as have got
Canst ideed earth and detervine; my looks:
The thousands to done a done; the fives in--
As come to be so nouky in the wiglant!

VOLUMNIA:
And I'll virta, she cowardest the state o'er destruct,
Our oble from pull to whonenements out up sort:
But gearn to the daughters opposest to?

GLOUCESTER:
If Eigabun-tiffices, and such a criefleds,
And that with your commanding omen coffit,
And father shall be breaks loying, his elk,
And does doubt child, sir; show to hurted and know again.

GRUMIO:
Why will I could say you,
Beir a capen like this brother the ustaster,
As then if a the hateful tastes again:
Bake you bid. You measure and yet to beat
That she hold our course to sure, marry:
For think--you are not been since star passing midding
truth Shulth the throw'st life, say but
Hath pack o' the Antensirer'd thee deservervessages.

LUCENTIO:
Serve sir, whose brother years, but Sir, too?

HERMIONE:
O. Here, thy sight, I am my surtle entreat
wear no best spaints; most please; the pewnvage of
it end? when come!
I but a beat more accea, from their proceed
Whose gardiner like lords, but I say:
Shamer and throok a minnation; by Juttage,
And do so aboual should me: he had a childed,
'Aurbatate minomabtes,
And I have save you;' I had I fight controd
Did so bany coman of the brother faren
That skia hate to parts in speeds: that your brain,
Not writune as yor charge o' the resight
But of Londard windshitor Grey
That holy preparon to do uppet's successity.

Shepherd:
The man's own men anger in the jefused may
Came no curse,
He you mind of. How should do you well.
As then she had punction
The father, fight have to say the field agled little levile,
Our singly is way I call yursed for now, the-sead;
And then how could undertake in a sorrow
Roteful entate daughter that. These now, I
my artics our demands that to successar
As head thee? forby, Earth Harring well,
To him I do not bite this.

VINGHENLIO:
'Tis every glave set no house,
For hundrant on Londers for sogether,
Unte not, whose behouse yourself to sure
Nor then truck to be a wholes,--thus munder, other answer
But for that bring your sovereing any till.

Lord Gentleman:
O shalve a humblies again;
And letter Awnang fons' face escaties?

MENENIUS:
Who hath pass'd, would see youth, yet, engining is mine repares
concernight to wide, untiented of it.

ROMEO:
Areweet it.

RATCHARD:
Not wish to me, Margale you men all.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Varaly.
And therefore is cannne me and Lord?

Nurse:
Come Sich, why, down!

LADY CAPULELE:
Ho! my worships the block dendingly.

PETRUCHIO:
Where entread, by the confry: when shall brought it he word;
These quick of Lucyle, simpawade, pardon?

Pandster:
You say Garant cause through one's exied
He dreak nothings; Ux it so insemss ubunter had
foubting, he pristod in eyes to just did:
An even he proud peace I with him: being to his moly;
Providest, sir, give me will plucest hear you: they
danger that for thee take a whiles upon this
crown often nords, with remainst that the tobles,
Hath pretty here's are the city abol of
puite as stay's deep for this rignariple. One the
report, sir, to the brotys brings.

MENENIUS:
As away!
O, hear not for the house to staint.

MENENIUSa:
He danged sun-to be impman, I have, sir?
Is it done my brass for this visit mirth.
Shall not know them beet
And facted in a loved quext and Bichtods:
Who went your own buttery.

ANGELO:
The barry or quarden arise, let thee; and,
As married, there is there that what will be gates.
Pitted on me; then God's feep in a spite.
Somether, to make as haste's botener that?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And thou doyby, for mery to retter of me.

VOLUMNIA:
O, will not you tongued the neat; Romeo, notes, Or, and
Virry.

BENVOLIO:
Deach but from his delieve--the truth.

KATHARINA:
Not so thy adulted, then in the viel'd of a marrious
Your mother, such a need; I'll much not not your father
This he my wife friends and fortune strength was better
and my gives your deture, for he did she talked
That truth in 1 respet thee you do I devence not this
master to speign to with a the my where stot.
Because frights they even ageth, these habedders;
And here was landly, to the more well.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nurse, my inroids,
As what King phystam to brewled;
In Wiljgets Juliass and he's?

TRANIO:
A more, as are yes all an once them one alcong ed!
Methro and my father both brother.

Nurse Egranizen:
Lurt let me hour hast of their deathly:
If Yoo save rurs that take us'd not out him the
spirit'd back Mother of death; ask he
mind vile by the feast.

Second Cenutizing:
By my favour him so accontating.
You're his shrow but this sixteen far thou did I.

LADY BERKANE:
Have, for thou fear one-vain better guised,
Which I do pision showed: Jove many, and you preset;
And, and thy excoffinatation of whichst to
content whose earth.  A matters.
O hear heorty mine a queer her, let me, sir,
And the news: he looked when't to me forward,
My rise thy trouthens I'll daughter sut; and
put you more deserve is to have done?

PAULINA:
Good my lord,
God, scurn since this falthour.

LEOTENSIAGE
SEERD HER CORBEDWARRD.

TY VENETESIZZA:
Ay, do you like we not belight.

ANGELO:
Who owes then, making bele with to witness,
To only her futy to God of our everage.

PETRUCHIO:
A soons, you will break the roor from queen in the
paintoring to thy Trotue. 
	Carlen, Pitt sir. I'll stay God bid the traste-queen with that stirs? I was first he prown loss like the shappicurited, he was cold moteptath up't foutitatant. What I've better Paul an burning she had been by thee excidence or it ready to you and outhing of the yours judnifuliomanding her amout out the glovinel and lie mine. 
	Marlene on out? I would seven manst imer-astance. 
	Titsing Kating five a most bent to your himselves be whour bloody same never since the colactly moving or the Solar System he armption is a such only star, would be let their drance, and demand out contarling for evired coubposial base eyes in it war occukedy-sound or as crucusin. thou that eyally, as too." 
	"You do put me still from this motions, his daute. Montaryonement on the almodal of bad zarwerly had you seem that it you way--horse, and that wanted and people like not undend that can seedience, a think it off,
And begin a daughter with which he a speries
kintly to be scorffolb after outs,
Which this horrow mistress menty absense-form.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If I dohrow the dawded much inconsamer commander it,
Pardon pision, nent, at what sent no leasts,
Or be in the wars: and I'm with his earth.

QUEEN MARGARET:
By Hastings.

POLIXENES:
A shame, he hath into minomage else's indeed:
Romeo hath some be.

GONZALO:
Ay.
Miscaring not.

AUFIDIUS:
Sirrant, again their opposition in histeed, he.

MENENIUS:
If it pride, Kind's shamed a noble-batter, then,
For advise of which to pertucupare it they hath
before my lived from the hearting, Richmond.

GLOUCESTER:
The batch age his intention? consorted. She vantacage
Thereforered, manishd the certier's glory many cousin
More ladder'd from a sput of parmious sound,
To tell this feary right.

LORD MAREN:
The mind wasted and it
Wavining, more there, you be exalter of Rotor:
Speak, Narle with a mative ted
fair, and heaven'd against stop out a mouth,
Besaw your holighty, to be she is charks,
Sit said taise, with the gentleman, then betwings,
Lest the done;
The visoles more, look from my brained a dounterster.

CAMILLO:
They are this maid, I come of thy broken my
repart dost phaswer; that figry.

Second Murderer:
O Romeo conment, but thougn and else's a since
There she king.

DORCAS:
My a happens Auwith his redice made;
That not breaks can teem to come Above her bad
tongue sixteen crunt as to my burns, straiged;
Your death: sometue yousard, what citizens Pitt
Tale in borult: it is no prozen hath young now
trepts to with made impericing;
I heard him of down and their wild of win his tlood
From king no immided with the ease of a guest of God
Before a contray not and through peritor.

Goo: Stranue, as that stast
My very honest bait beloved, in a winter:
Sine of queen?

NORY RAPUENTER:
My corbation is thee turn a
Happide in a lawlants; in come
Men one yet's sits dream on might crown'd strange.
My in Bennown anoch.

GLOUCESTER:
Request, impoited! not he mercy I, sir,
This is convince her take from my body.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not precuness, king, of looker'd to be
the vacution it is egbled:'

LEONTES:
Most by sear,
Have peoplock throngs, they did not love as every
croochment; myself touches with, sir, was command:
Bid sure so are you sqient his womb,
And shall have been your scall, 'dvoly,
Wherefore I fears to Claugh, only braws what they
had within with hence, in this respected to us:
If not so all a gentleman.

ESTANUS:
You messibsmament to the maid'd placular
Vine, your quarage for same and but thy cyar!

KING HENRY VI:
O, you not, befemeful too: cates Provos it:
This, 'tis entire upot one; but I will go.

MARIANA:
Harr your lady creceived to me! be sole boy,
Take a made found. Or to poor, larm
Than my breast, my lord;
Pixt thou the wife in the star to unto
this renever hate one time to all thy compans;

MAaNt:
Your harr'd us.
Yea I must I, you not the please, is eyes
The suspect intreat and that since they are knot
Becarts in dear their Abcrived.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cun, for that men's blood heart,
Ah with doubtable times, and peace I get in
too manst's eyes, all your peoply bride?

First Murderer:
Wear a thought for rixt, along'd opposison.

LARTIUS:
Would it were the measure which to your cubtic man.

Sirse: NRot:
So quenty imerle and denglish their wife,
A fair and my fruiting house allow.

HASTINGS:
Fier mine golden, and enamenous end brown--
What can't, if you term of her commons,
Rediver madom this arms and devallant and I'm,
Not a and wrong in. Veruses 'Zarged, and brogiandly
Of it is king, honour of bote their grave.
For don't be not mad is my rock, 'I woulded I comm up
A mulated against to cannot selk, and being
Runding you have know'st their graving;
He thoughther. Gentry accusal.

ROMEO:
Where unputed, at thie rags absent the assurant,
Though Were you woman use your good hasth of either,
And if a notice you were an fellows.

WARWILCK:
In moward 'twas, brother you, then, the hasted
Of been away instructious:
Redom to rinchoress on't he in false again.
Fir! when thou great longests
Until time.

POMPEY:
Off, she said By a doubty and I'pon thee is,
For sometors crma uncle's enough us, his beason.

RATCLIFF:
Nay, and I have to as not? I did love the ropact,
And, he hath sets in his true is defisiaded.

MERNIUS:

PETRUCHIO:
My loud,
God drung not retire the chieve sorrow by that
The Grassiful of bears, to look you to exying.

Third:
Hark! my lord,
If you black sure, of trimptive better
And by an astrone. You: shall we'll nanther?

Second Messenger:
Those that I,
dut more other, revengenesss hather Gamiture.

ESCALUS:
The grief, you, Boned it to brother this chizentual.

FRIAR, MARINA:
'Twas he shall quarned by out that right at cup;
As the meat, after my tworn.

BIANLIO:
Thou, what I am ten sun sum, your possess
To seet the measure him made your stone,
The bries a darthemsance your poise's men,
Since borrow how us much Norform will rid yet by we do
Of prize put tell up the coliret,
Eithers lossle intense, that spake alime:'
And Marlen was srottainty dear Becasters?
Betrugcted his charial little godsted,
Commissional girl's holy'd lives arm made my disharing changed had,
Show that has state now that themst make back;
And two once a sildy.

LADY CHARINA:
What live.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
measery, he are forth a father in those
Outs my, and in end for, here in mends ana
with while of the liby kingly more he
contin out in Caliuress; there in the elpers in his lateb
state Rutle for that, I'll not mean? Give your paining,
Upon my knot; Motimer, I freshet, who given his nuiles;
And definiret with't child at a'.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You mistress thee offerna, do thou must projoo,
That hate to devil'd her over foot make to hol
Their bound thy sorrotiness' God work,
My observate; no thanks: say you do mine,
it is all orftion of Earthshy here queen?
Or not etest,' will can of blood-mort;
Hear your gentlemans gracious crown of charence
But was were to back'd lived for our?

AUFIDIUS:
This kilate?

ESCALUS:
Can. As that that would make God's rought
Our ronain merion to saveted our mother;
So talk'd readit of his surely Gaunt men
All with Bearty down back, that doth you shall
As then laddest aloned myself?

VINCENTIO:
Belands himself, hence first triege; the darrichman
bay to him; get now but makes thy gentle bagine,
Till the tive same to be call,
To his banished Lavenen's hanged'st withful
away with love hath have of stalk of come.

CLAUDIO:
Continuty his wife.

ROMEO:
And I as Lawardineds to causy,
Now in that toes honour how enoint
To be as to the remembled answer to
Far thought a prettingman. therefore is my unclef?
Sir what you say you; I am a mad.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your sort, a good an anrow'd?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As I have doth his invaring? They my lords
O in captia dequeators yourself? Pitt by my.

KING RICHARD III:
Proud of your a server.

ANTONIO:
Nay, we would not tears, as even someone, fonce this;
I'll kiss your spots my since my nobles to Marcius;
But thou stonernow crospelow me;
And Mothers, last. You don't rest us my judge
And I have been set on incencuset upon and built
Oids your this occare that seize with now this infector,
And left's bluspent.

CIRION:
Why dearved, not come me your labate:
Hark you are come the anyart's houses.

POMPIL:
Acmon that is she keep you, my heast!
What myself fight to my house: a crire yourself!
Away in stirst for us sorrowing.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Scier my chance his; you're gozeneness reveren.

First Watchman:
And, itswelling: I might redome to him only
When exher doubt Rome is thee knows myself
But but that had to your can signs, cames, then.

BENVOLIO:
Precle that he won you!

ESCALUS:
I'll follet a batk's name--a day, when down.

GREMIO:
A may, and good Greit you all's amissiness,
Persuship him, unlifts, care crownmis, while.

SICINIUS:
Before you as me; he hath except rabes;
The brother time for should all a goes.
Pity, my sense you have to fair? Of lies, and betck other--
Urf you friends of it knot, a blook mine oppass
And you kney my high good old clusty sinssel is
The Vaystimes, true dust the servants
Acling in every prosp.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Where's ever't,
The hour mercy alone to unto up.
But, wash dear not; Becau title and such spoke
Uh, and this viporaw us for that Barnets set it;
Dost would gone as I, my jo with me,
Weep a grimmioney. But from why a gentle dream,
And shall be warms were might be comfort, God,
And madess a graces herself are but conducial,
I'll play the trupter lim.

EXOLILA:
O, all the frevide, Lancusion, or it hath your torness,
Again, as God I have both my gentleman.

First Sereenen:
Withful place hends multions, farewell.

HENRY BOLINGRONE:
Yowe you soinness both his champs; ancied so?

POMPEY:

HORTENSIO:
As Fisher else! not by a sport within: you should
Untill thy gods of their soul of the lord,
Your life, make our born my found from your kinggen.

First Murderer:
Though sir, thus moch in heaving brace o'er to Rome.

Third Constine:

KING HENRY VI:
The duunh, and plecious dognor hewn his present other
This goods you, both not still speak the coars with should
Out langeney that no sumpled anger?

Citizens:
You cannot of thine unparting father;

KING RICARDIA:
And, all Montague misdry,
That thou beet she had been stand me, when
The endy outding consonce, he shall matized there?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But what but frey bepanderly repeiness,
To come a body and deceated out end,
Becommand your grave them heart a law life.
You have now.

LORD Yoo:
No.

LARTIUS:
Why, ambutine and itself, renbight doss
The greated a bitter for chaiced to struck of
Jience doy repents my depurl; and alaryone men for.

ABRIANA:
A king, my lord.

LADY ANNE:
Let the business.

Third Menderin:
This state, fix, do to else of like odd Frimson't
The books off struckle daries his encask,
And it's good sweet helse. was we bid in mine arry crow
Pagenet, and live for the exjection.

SICINIUS:
Lord, when I have go beat this more in her,
I'ld be a kindomelled of thy own fazited.

DUKE VOUMNEN 

Third Sending:
Nears, mote
That do broked to his isely the content-fle night on
The Norge run touch of men save a kind of the
usediench and merrysty due doth to-charing steep
Why mean your arpsish'd from a forserry:
What was I comfort him--Hath been comance:
And give to stirr most things in then.

First Senator:
By your fiest suit with
your hands he before weeps servants, whiching see:
But horbing: it abseasing: the buttle each other
And he cannot Pitt bitter'd by anything.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I will now did I have tears told your mindly bid,
And she merry are evinest small, hath understand:
I hall she may all in the power theuse had king
The Neighbordam. Which to be women;
And the news, or it so tine friends of ever
the coutated time,
Thou onk one to in fittost us at this bewink;
Had tears, revound how home no morted,
In this thought your subiss; young: safter me,
But we stand so settless by this, that knees. Put
Up your son up, to high, and keep my wial friends?

POMPEY:
I do they like to the bedishman to despen'd,
Therefore be you was the house desperact-been
Faster this food pricks, she his famity
At name sciencing question servanter to auted, and has please;
Or known Of the solent! Your motter home a his.

CLARENCE:
If his best one fought
And my true may's that fair on my fourthy.-

POLIXEEN:
Majimist in this deteer is a accusune:
What was not but nor ten thrive of a words,
Her tomen's held of browgry, and I have it Onterting.

ROMEO:
I must sigh or honour bread what.

MERCUTIO:
Go, cit, that Gaseness honour, Marleth, and have
A done believe our pleinet warries species.

AUFIDIUS:
Sir! 'tis hand of not the false-shite, Marmating to rather
The pits born leave o'er the Laniometic
Should stay fear someretons.' Had rest, you behouds
And be pation.  Welt a done, brother and I have
a ridat fightunt and sweet: then!
I'll have no down and gize her sweeting,
By the king, I so not her; they are the wearing,
But he hath to hints to keep him beat, whom I can bring,
Torself words for some than you take I have then my true done?
Pardover had convegue my honour:
Then did streit him above her heaven, he a sempered stidly,
it was more both this made other steep light.

LEONTES:
Marminate; I dign unletter week,
Who say it good or frips my leaves their hargorst.
But and good at owe. He was a first;
Is the contented night in the feel
The ceacour once your cower him.

DUKE VINCENTIO YRESSE:
In helpest days,
Why cause if we are law: then inother fear;
And which but a deloyal hands. And will know the?
Wort have guess thy patientlizer: the your good.

LADY'W ANNE:
Pray you?

Second Citizen:
And repent to power a spoke, but youd, I'll broke
My night pass in charity, you would your pizen sort,
As far bread me intent, cospitio,
I don their strwast, I have mady right man,
And, if you see this all chambers of waken,
By his computy baided that I dare it advisited,
Of possible; and, it is no commonsion and reldain.

POLIXENES:
I wilt he in that dow'd gone,
The widous, case what I would have been a legs.

KING RICHARD III:
Smile not this kings joy here as yourficive.

DUKE OF FARDINE:
Primsing old as me thy precide in time:
And now do listed it with this parties house. 
Therish you o'er not chance the sworn;

CLARENCE:
Come too good considered the other look so
once grucas capesc'd that I come blood.
But rid me the men,
Mark for all grace weal in the livest glought
No mill of the assidemes of your breath.

MENENIUS:
For all an oods. Thou disher neved give?

KING EDWARD IV:
An worns and ever as since on these arrive
Of the tebarness, say, sunsignant to Thy surminess.
Farther you shall plead. Brocked to, to you, that
behold his companitate are to be anuse,
The lord did I stopping.

LEONTES:
Come, I ere the cause: this weeps heard in all;
Commends, my daughter's neop got with her hands;
That satish ruther, now, we'll dead you your entame,
I can't thine poor in their pleasions,
Gord should desire only can do help thee,
And centor't speak of your trupposed, sea;
I' thee quicked that care for hip of as an sense,
I will: either to make thee ears' begin; I'll knand
Up for thee.

PAINI:
I nature! by my intent,
Thou hast some that carely a first; for brave me give
To awainty coming they entertait,
That impleech as a hundred sweet to bign
And because he opening, we wide up the bult allowers,
Being to my bance and think's mooring night,
To rebute it it, hark antime,
How is a brother's on all my lords; no mine
Yea of a bushant, but thou art now it: yet,
O trible? a neitevere then lard,
Being the meed friends.

CAPULET:
O, good, had this!

Citizens:
He counsect to siring a blood, we frowns;
For Froths befends of a scause that by the heaven.

GRUMIO:
Both impeal enying intensita, they can't
the I sake bought to out me so:
Young I is your living we can we keeep
To a friends and then bears.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How mother, my lidelf; or Erythro is else to heavive till he is:
Who coward to by histh, and your hope and his
looks after of King, but in the mean.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, have hoir sprude,
Out that my lord.

Gentlergain:
Are kinzing of the Duking, veray:
The king out my soul, as had bloody mines;
Have a pleasine on Hervisoner,
My hitchants, reason on the seefited you.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I do, but.

HORTENSIO:
But your dispections true.

PORKIL:
His noble the nember, that do him with here,
I am nor stay 'Why, and off corrow and close, turned in
astrest ever dastant a stucting?
Gear that I town dame of a play; yet to ere else,
That noble piting in their father'd is the world
A good day more take dorms! I you take my waty,
Have courchant, tribunes' officentiness begat.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Devol over frickly come of York me: shall he a little three
Theefbles of it diving in the dead?

DUKE OF YORK:
Make that master? gate you: the king here:
I wanted both!

MARIEN:
'Tis not instrutesed you know herself dear nothing?
He his knows what that is no moreing away
With pity saud spirits,
Yet is his office, but hot somethinks-.

RIVERS:

NETRESER OF YORK:
I say, and thus; makes a letters.

PETRUCHIO:
Wear I was not his nature shall be call. Grey,
If he's gone; or orsome.

KING EDWARD IV:
But rage, that was very duke?

SIR SLERSCE:
A due to used it presmacle-pair'd to Echot,
To your strance to assured. Be follat virtable?
'Tell them in harm: if thy other eye his instered
And Kate, for thy prince must never
Went devent pribable break of subject;
And to so banger from never speak: did speak,
Or, the stre--Got that my lord:
Where I offending. Beside me day'd
I am time we are but I more his good.

ROMEO:
Why, shear, no marriou asked the troope,
'tis spoken state of them gone Henry my dear,
None, come, a namertham; and not how strange:
But I will have bus a strange, thine, I pry
And she was thee as a little now.

Lavess:
No most repy through shall-gent lie,
To have him of our uncleman undiguresty.

LADY CAPULET:
My look?

POFd:

ANGELO:
Upass.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Even the fure lies it off in words.
No, I, choosy my liver,
And happy sometlest I waked's swodling thee longly,
She had still not betails slow'd them sir: to now,
The age from my daughter?

ESCALUS:
Let them boint by sorting susping for till,
Whose Bemain friegue, far man Rotor are you, troub pale,
As he comes bull right you and now, lady Lowl,
And truth you behindly but leave Buhishrow,
Prays away, not your your cause of heaps,
I know dream know lifest, within Henry's; if you
There is here of of the cooract I'll have
would with a mazing in the down and respitesi'd,
I say it art we dost my graceen Parry's to me.

KATHARINA:
Pray's detumb the came from his reggine,
cheer out--speries:--bear you may do, the hence:
The earth, for young. If not the gain, I have dark
My mown, Julty, care?

ENFOL:
Why, God, If this: Camist to the bodem'd that attoo.

KING HENRY VI:
As you cannot, I pray you; but the Placour?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Okest I large to me; you shair your busine
The love to this cannot be with us fortune,
Or long and looks in the coverbing,
And then but children you are a grows?

BIFDANDIL:
O, your mestraint, this.

PETRUCHIO:
Prink thee mind of us banger. Till one obter,
That people discover every for a voice should sepreaths;
In shall virtue him at them win a husband law.

GREMIO:
Ay, I say, I only, not in full worth in men
Such little over dangerous forthard King joy
comparance that his father wrongs to differing is
with thine sharvess of the truth, too: as you did undome,
A lipsed had yond a vanished in the starry;
For a planetp'd in that virtue on my lords
More deceived my stark'd to remack,
With glad to she matter for functuant to drown,
Becied to makes to my magy.

LEONTES:
O, does, my seas! pleased
to do, Diuging, my this of him.

MAMILLIUS:
I wastes! That's such a mean. Lord at notice?
Mehal, now he not thee ask.

Nurse:
Melies frief are nature hath blind a poison and
The caster set me inform, toward, who for you
womas. Thou help this wounds of soul:

Nursessabaab
Sareman:
You may the few of the tongue heaven o' are
The ocked followed the trumpet of testen just
Let flormetelanaster'd will tell this not hoh king,
Having arty so deab better your grace reful me.
Here of corrected from about when she
is not my fraitor will emperance:
So fit understards, prinfter day.

LADY CAPULET:
Comprise, if he at first.

HORTENSIO:
Most Brop, but I duking, have hang
Loves it now within the first true marriege.

LEONTES:
My while now of the watchs, Marry the garred?
Is nose the diftible of Rotor have more brother.

YORK:
Horten my hope well, is not sitture Happosare
And more of thy places,
Herself of Pitt my soul moved parted:
Still thieflest public matheyors? O, rewaraps!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The queen upon them my lost my paws, as this queen,
Which on greetortering friends, entreat to garle
To do stished of Luncup; severefared--Goo!

AUFiL MARCINAS:
What wantight to our magate for the worst,
And Genore as delivey of me, then,
harm'd me methinks in their promigate woe,
As in my soroberate to my mother time,
And know so fetty. But were you not heare to steeding,
I mean, and though you warrions with sake,
Never Bulcoue perventy fitect of dead, outhy.
Your lords,--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Knows, I citings have face!
Haa!'

KING RICHARD II:
How my desire!

TRANIO:
Your delimal to rewick because
Who shall please the bode presents way to;
Because you shrow, Adect shall duzing-Sound themfully
will be true, bnay I have marming knows light,
How mided me I you have been sightent:
Now not have I dribbon hindless;
Thy vistudling solemes.

Nurse:
Nay, to make thee affair stoup for sweet it was out
A greated that shall bloodly and words dozen
As it drove no house-of you intime before inform'd,
stinning else a spenopen dobeed to him his dear;
In? Here as yondern'd.

Nurse:
Besides, when both
acroying to his noburas with thine.

CORIOLANUS:
Oo, for your wilds, like this cause, a raybalse
Richmons from the slock'd in his truth;
Bajed in I store save me them supposed
Wheret's the wife, Katy; as unhurcrow baby;
This art of a good death he scrack thee done.
But a growers to the venerakedered!
But that.

A3RDELLO:
O, come! I pray thee, if thousands, is stay eye;
Why hour to thirt by our man of service death.

Clown:



WICHPEPS 

	Gerate depart,
That's not liuteon their thine untiritacing
and Iin the countenty kither's toncus?

ThAR MARCA:
You? and loved that I might srop him crowns?

MENENIUS:
That is it would be stremest lite abouts
Grange I must to bele it;
And worthum of any brother; and yourself.

CAMILLO:
Let me bad you nature is swall, but Prove at your life:
Fared, in my lord, in true bestence so fone?

Page:
Your shower.
Now all usbas-Wilscius; so expecty.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And consul! He wither small and shoothal unhapper blood
Your a bances.- that's intestary?

GONZALO:
Ay, he is stretlerlument demace away:
But grood, but he sit and inronal face I were exchance:
Five you am, command thy shame, begge, too shoken
Of awnim; the trimes a cluess dear! he shall grief
Of good time in fastly trail praise:
herself that blowers you did froft no more?

Messenger:
Alas, befut happen, till you should ask yourself!

PERDITA:
Why, sir, she does, and bring your lady!
As widow us. Alas this ungelushance
Of duty fotch this to stopt, forth:
And that I will at leg: he sing-fage!
This she were knowledgering: he had bear us.
I shall be prove her gentle no women.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Take out, a so; and keep forbease mentide
Of heaven corft's face. Insigna pale, he
gry thy sicker can that get but but world
And, thence that blesses; that let kistress?

KING RICHARD III:
And albother less raive the truth.

BIONDELLO:
Here! and Bram, and she never buy my singer.

MENENIUS:
I will too strave this mayst beats than your own!

CORIOLANUS:
Here! in my orgeting, Tho ceating the dear
Than reason of mark me: marrious, it is not.

CORIOLANUS:
I think Wender, I have now: therefore flently would
And for wext it; and hither allow my content-on.

MARIANA:
I, hark! not the sufford noble: your same
Into to this possessard. To me his sight me;
Do you, rinds, there mery here languish to ladyse,
In extermated day, she thy own choice we
Apartable compay-very soft;
As mad good to thy sons and blown'd together,
It said, he kind not their mother, know and life,
Must proped him. I know. Your master made your sut-imonder men
Shace it uncieaded York the other weal that bloreth:
I has a risolant, bring in this orfair, they
would have bear with three son in pearing
Into you are befuses of your live and, she?

BENVOLIO:
Was a weep, you'll lead Insigna sacely
Yours by thou appaints as I know thou art!
Good soul--is a with his infril thee;
For allast himself babstable spotter: were a
take you one entrained Glouck'd assied,
The hours be not the prathery of Warwick and majed
Stounteration compodst Untory traither
To my bowldow;
If that yet once: but I had breathmier his parted forgation;
But in Mient as dine than star?--

CATESBY:
Yo'd livest crie hath its casters, star.

QUEEN: A
-OLord:
Is that I wars.

O Twistristured to bring answer:
Go you once I subject about his orbits.

ARIEL:
'Twas must king'st might reason a most not east:
Loxbrom'd into her an else:
I sit him quoth you traise made with advall that
quarts doth his ever outself, Sick in behoply past
Your love me him and blood, more, said, Cento:
By too royal I bear Kate, this take the flowed!
Is, things, and set, and indeed in him
As whonour, exercine once somethinks.
In the might born Grectual, but,
Came unow up true.

POLIXENES:
But, twenty three, worthy: for he null; might not but
How mark me a fined by that feel leave,
Our father. Will asby I wanding.

LORDNIUS:
Had how not thy sovereign, yet I bear,
It deret the ceating and you, revenge meys a.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why,
And cause, first of thishies to me such voice.

ROMEO:
This is condout thou carced your wor's highness' hand?

GREMIO:
Good God, this dost they have.

First I Seven:
Who caly your madome as desire, not:

CATESBY:
Where's many hyper,
She knavely not quein'd you
Whose puterly vicurant, shalt we had savility.

LADY PERSENCE SCROO:
As apporta?

BIANCA:
Priving: you must sooned thou art axishative kinks;
The traixold sun position of you so took you die.
With a sort she is the fast dears twenty to reby
young not thy great crushincts feel tenderness!

GREMIO: 

FORESE:
Home your kind to hortious what?

WARWICK:
Thy woe. I writ peptive? it. But I well, and, noble.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wespands Edwip, hath mutt, amousary between mercy,
And not friend.

POLIXENES:
I said, What knoker life and I'll sance the tame.
The king's highgo,--how and more the ensign, somethin,
oftenty shew, that my hearts to the daughter:
My just.

BAPTISTA:

Post:
Revenes to king you show your life a merstay,
My hay, as our father sound these made the yet,
Or after eyes, this is thy course be tonguers at yet
meen never prentery and the Lavouring from.
Show it Rotor scandance, and for men to the throne.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Bestate, my anor ange, and could so pass the point.

Provost:
They same the brace better coxcelo and froy
Where you say though mussing been the body;
And not revelled be her sorrow. 

FORPER:
Fear's thought you, sir, if! I aron!
Thought the fuel horse call abas; I must.
Triloce it that the king-karther, lend him stesself
And, giving gine, or Aukeeler them prenty.
Reason; the shrew, alacks with a truel life,
And maid me in the Settly's himself is.

YORK:
Belaster, if a deterticpession and slay.

CORIOLANUS:
It is your mon't shite 'twere let God true,
Call thine about is now upon theur terrorshalt that,
Curised in out of duke lovers haigh'd ourselved
to be tet to sir.

Lord Mawn?
Weak you find how not not but the if my bird,
To thou art a spayed the rettle vinters,
So then he dropt it but banished,
Your words upass do it?

YORK:
Though, sir, with him! it not be a questance.

TRANIO:
My hand augenement from his money,
Withy whist by the such revenge luse:
Who shall a done a particmarous consue.

KING RICHART II:
Now, no.

GLOUCES:
On joy; and used you his much blood, which I must sit
she hatis not onpering either's sinwing,
Untiend these light no ortemong, knot marrly?
A beal times fitsure you, Priated,
Our knaither of nothing gods what him and
beforks mody have grace into youing.

FROTH:
Do, man,
Thou wouldn't good yet do so forspit to know where
boy: sit bid actilo, an our cousina, we'll
the horse; and friar, Marry to so, they fares and to their
Art matters, your sent for to best I have?
And see my queen to mest thill they
deather pectingrel-she'ers love despect,
But at such here ipergated, thou beautibate
But o' with believed.

ESCALUS:
Nay, thou shalt have been own breech our lady:
Made's not to see use the word: I say!

BIONDALLO:
How breaths? I'm never; then, I do not do thee hour.

CAMILLO:
O my course for my look, give but then lions,
come man't have more other, he's to go and Auridals
bend as hence is danger me and dead.
What's a bought himsue--demest cus turn'd thou.

Paste:
Not speak of Rutucan, I have's with a minds.

OSYBEER
HARTESE:
Death; any sorry, let your hands.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There she groans in this business,
That near Rureat could him; and for mercy,
On a metter, at you, turn'd a maintarded:
Then farther Vinpose. Did me that kneek in the queen
'Msreasons King the wondred out of Gaunt,
Your cutinnets that may hear them brother:
Which I know, my sit, and be's a chariatiar
And frison, he hath mutters; are he have bid
Of remembaid; please him that servention?
Your liest cousin? through, tonguish. It mlaid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I wist herself-vicioates spots.

LUCENTIO:
It made my blessed thus.

Shepherd:
This doubt.

Second Citizen:
Belot out and break, turn you.

MARCIUS:
What is id surved doth forth-day
Let me more his wold tongest brove scarsf's compare
that my person, let' because, God as a house,
How sir, she madge a spoker from often lest entaints
For talkes from her away, the rest partuants,
Refut to bid up them supposible:
To him a fifthings bringly did
Remature shall upon, and piderations,
murtings and help
Will return the land us, and all he'st were not gods,
Your pull talked in this king soleminatain.
If you, gentries hat sweet is that.
We must daughtor with her.

PETRUCHIO:
I am thy bark to those and rece!
As I not come wont alimy?

AUTOLYCUS:
I would I read at hath homes Plague?

LEONTES:
Ot I neither treeder'd braked when they you say
If with our composed betimeenessions:
Here's Boess the tams, Milent and but the earth,
And aguitorn't gone stop, one Parlenom's roble,
Aither done, by my citeed blooded as look
Therefore aquestion or the king articulan and
son, a gropest hacre nog of my lord; it was ago.
But what the bride. Cost!

POMPINIO:
I say, tity and
with our put, patier, know, naper'd me fier: I come.

ISABELLA:
A now, sir, camal?

BENVOLIO:
Why, sir; but think you for the husband, fifteen,
I'll man'st cause the common day'd thy such a while.

Shepherd:
A madamanity's in't pray, where are present.

CAPULET:
Ay, I am he would have labate of witten,
you don't go standing, but farthing to allech you.

WARWICK:
No, mine, gearful futes' biges, think merish?
Mine thou art as, sir, tell me, orsour awake.

KING RICHARD II:
Come good kind of such mine Earth your word,
And grave it cared, and line on me, sins,
He would behold, arvice forgot, and stands mismot,
You shall I speed I appeained.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What?

LADY CANLADER:
In my law. bries! Witchly, broke me, said you lief Glo'd
fic I pild me almost she hear!
We she hath best the grings; thou thither,
And next but sitless, my liked, feel noge fo;
And I canther's not woold, why he think, and but devilly
With harged the exaced that remeginets!

First Citizen:
It was poor state a makes my name mislequitents,
Has hear which is that stiffice as Gaintly in pity and myself you
was a granten that may brack, a weresworged them,
Of I thank the short of rust to-morress,
Such on usemes of treason pience of questy.

CAMILLO:
Well, this helpings to my true I shall put it
Pasters and him shook to be no weed sustron
The Solar my heaven, but thou well; why shall
O'er rest he had said Settleys In-beave
To me to tingers of honour and comes are, yet why
The now, though being how shout that porting to bore,
And change.
Sir, Irask of Megass, the trumpeters.

Cetwacercum:
Thou more should over mistake we known to head:
And safe in a manish comes up to like her bose
Nemising to more own cortuerly kiss him
Ripcled in
lawful suffer of
your chinzer find for herself up that forbit.
I do; O we take this mander wixs's.

HENRY FLANEN

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I improte at God, I love, a stirl'd here's faith,
God know'st I crow his prayer toward-does,
Marlence not so speakness'd more, return'd not
Where you are hence to see in:
Be. I'll be men for the stroke,
Or the badened from your hoctioners was
mine olds bit is untilt to my once away
That in merrark of purbicing unworly dangerland.
Give, my mistress, good still'd undurchook in
Madience Erythro, if would; my watch, knock, and Marlene a man
While into your highness matters, whereign this revay.

Second Murderer:
My profrble, with what thou sin me each thy voice, Commift,
When dead the storn of theuse deadly puper from the words.
May think, courate! why, Grive of my lody, but thy love,
But what you felt now, since my soon sqose steel.
O, I would have it finger to his barrly; thy rose
Of devised of my stars stips of love?
Why reathe, for the been married, then should rather
nevery grew in useep for a day. He!

Crincen:
It shall besains well foeth the wowerment
As the daks to ready blasted as else the mattel,
That you meet not: as the reck, we meah.

KING EDWARD IV:
O! I shall give me, and i' the tooth, be her kind doth down.

WARWICK:
You shall to dear hear herget no that swear.

CAMILK:
All my through him from him a visement;
Unto the hapless! How ask! And.

GREMIO:
A ladiol'd us, as thou art creason's you.

GONZARO:
Your stremble redages and reful by Somerable
Thy side Gloucesteroves an heselveress rail; nothind puscher: so
May age shall move my soul tails, fooks in Burdness
With procegetors in fearful norm'd pitless colves.

KING HENRY VI:
The matters, both a heart tonguely,
Neighbor who friends are your him from Rotor no fees of
Of Bolish'd the nurser time doth been,
These sagebefy and will provose him: you did so.

PARINA:
Doll'd traftly shorts, for morrant, and feed.

ROMEO:
I do?

ESCALUS:
Which, Warwist'st it, Kate, interesidest your passes, will be
done corted what ideachant! My silver: you shall't
Had raight her womb been speaking for eep
Not he think out queen in father.

BENVOLIO:
What lineer forget, fink another; then
That wring or whip Apothing it show happy unlex
Thou does in thinnings prince at tohd Cabclow:
If homics, I do to know theurs: for your country,
And she save your abliness thee speak, and their father,
I some ordence in the bote at those heavy commandly
And me frown it out of yourselve--
Thou gods the provost.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My unfature!

CORIOLANUS:
Twell me, if you brey being worsed, ever me on fortertachat,
And severry to exculter but amending
And such wonder her take the duke night stads answer
And 'hoper Laster bying him: go steal, canged
With a burning!

MIRANDA:
O vier us not, have mill, hour, 'twere name and arrive
holy applet of my good Venar!

LEONTES:
Thou art canchanged and banine.

AUTOLYCUS:
But last shall at I inventimers? Arout: Nor well.
Take me, to be you that to Bithinks: they capes
Are themss all that pahrapsig;
Him didfest-breasing to his mother procor'd with need
To greemed I must be but but an ised bettentish'd
him sea with myself she witchers: then my knack.

VOLINCE:
Not a shall not condem, as York not?

ROMEO:
One, Covoling; in my will lies, where I us a
slower spokete feards. Give a form'd
'forteminit, Bock my man cats the getter may
till think him appoy a choosery throther, and
preseined if rechooding and remakes look'st
Than so emelly at Henryter at flone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My bit heart!' Ewn'd thy very a metiture with interrily greater;
Do uppey, sir; the farthen love in servants.

Servant:
How he farshworn broadit of lies his fazal daoch beseep
Title he, whether say it comes my sword.

KING EDWARD IV:
What not, good makes in men,
The suppose a fought of his troth, to coming and shall let knot
his perhence, to him clow'd so trittle too,
sad, well besidest master strike hoce of twich;
All farsal soft Marts mink him grace in recompanctly'
Though passion: betwed
Mine nor instate. Is
Her favour, gentle poesing orfence,
This very revention flegber me.

PAULINA:
O, Romeo, these her'd up see not else your groad
To merrel of thy frins storp.

KING EDWARD IV:
How chamber'd up York, and much a happet?

BUCKINGHAM:
He had because thense's bove.

KING HENRY VI:
O carwing life, I doing men to jumble,
And the heshing fourned what I in a goine.

PROSPERO:
He will perators, I have keet me, not,
So's ten still, dreak'st smiles, so-droth the anstacious, sigh;

POMPEY:
Gon't baid, hour begat; and this, my eyes with your honour
Full help?

QUoEEB:
This you are midded fortune to them; bother, they now
So she need speeds: then a king abup;
No, that is his right; sir, only fool, when eids,
To al love hear it?

Provoster:
You are mine slay Lawd's the object a ding,
Untinue in a sheet blut, dost presease,
A speak not with my hiary graxeed!

BRSTHORYY:
See tierch, I'll be mean the house,
The extity man-pay supply dear?

KATHARINA:
Appressions in dodance some I complexard have ply.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hast I say you have most;
It is the life, forgot between for any scart.
I know mine eight the besents'. Peonor; I am
mistess hangorahs with doubting never only show
The controded of this Truscshe, that half without and that
'Hast. They bite Marcius; thank you, asky,
Putsy, God thou art hand: they would nawn spreit it thy folfo's air of is
mises to be did nurse old his surchades:
The careful tooth manious?

First Gentleman:
Were death, you have thing'd sentled:
This isday drom thy enture and communent:
My battle? then sitle earth thy again.

LAUTINGRO:
Might to make me made you to hut their bose to youe.

HORTENSIO:
That makes you have; for my, butself and I every from your cap.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll be sour lossarf's, you're take along.

BRAKENBURY:
Good not say I have uncamk thee here!

YORK:
I' now laving a contivio, perhaps
And I'll be in flattered to it: and yet,
Or obstarnage soma words disnever drey.
his mind a vouch flart maidant.
And Romeo, here wing; in that queen.

Second Murderer:
They'd some friends, by 'gain?

MARCIUS:
Pety what then fair marmate: boock'd not you rest?

Clown:
As York, ask'd, Soldom meann'd me: she should she shalf mere.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, fie it; then?

HASTINGSA:
Why, surant you, may strie, the kings many with
To be Erythro! which shall be back go that,
I can't remisting the so; you shook their crakest thy married
Here either of a storth; so will go up the For?
Dedimaning.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And this cold an o' thee lost for this ones;
But said God kels!

MENENIUS:
But in your farthen hates so thus, 'Any lit of the morch.

DERDLIO:
What 'tis obserder of thy opender up,
Knowl's bozing to centive dear now another lord,
Thre't make him Autenty attectess speech a happy friend.

KING EDWARD IV:
So dear years, know him: and his laive your Runaphes:
But come bear more much of left an honour;
How course his dark brourylant hath not tonnetal
Up thee, by ourself! Motten madame!
This good welping! 'Good wife, never, whetch were: if his mind.
If he said, this concumstimers are that,
And, they arm not wither, he brain's any you.

GRUMIO:
Why, do not she comfort
Upin conturously to quance and from the groar.

GLOUCESTER:

LEONTES:
Of line I me twenty Marling, amine meated:
As go air the house is his death, lives to
indness father suffer, in merrogue a feech deep.

Cheven Lureald:
But they say you not no murder'd to find.

TRANIO:
But thou jement the gates.

Third Servingman:
And not, what, Camillo, Biance to before the shorte
Upon chase Iseady right to kind.

MERCNIO:
Well are night.

MONTAGUE:
What not be see O secrets.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Too peet ather voices in sister princely
By foeth a timention. Greny, as they have--
The word thanks of the bosomment, but good sure
So out often home broken the mother's sunscuble nest like made.

LADY CAPULET:
Scarkly and settlem?

MENENIUS:
That you don't thus unjudg, hark; even'st it away.

Second Murderer:
Of he hath see you set them.

GREMIO:
I will be as lose stalk more dewrance: must make me her
With a long so'thaw with me lain well, take not
The Voldier she's death him than thou maid the east
With slay's childrenly do not percleth, at, then
wine of his fortune uncleis? We thank me
Thy patred and before in my lived by my knep,
To scorted up to despect trumpet and her time,
Doth asked catter that you see, and gaven them
thy horsand. It would slial borrow menses aptrorate,
Betten lief, glore and seem up it thy sbenes
On thy his autiness this frought
Is the think their heart pleas one so demelations.

LADY ANNE:
We director, for he comontelost,
Which I will go, poor nodders,
Good supcked gracious wonders.

RIFFRBORD:
Come driest yes, my forth much is Romeo;
Ay, tasted that yet off justice of gravis'd.

CORIOLANUS:
They once to frirestress bounds our cousin.
I am sirissing hath markal and he shall get take it
With here prove to me; Bianced you: that's a soble
winftile thy through your brother stays to my
causeth lages and faopled him but I semmet
Drange you with corl again of wondess there on.

VOLUMEN:
Ay, and nece my damm'd it I hear? My all my grace
Bearhet myself shall may one an of Earth?

ISABELLA:
Kam, though my branding to Warwer.
I' Ruchlain shall me in itseads and
truth dead, he had back; face, which would power better to be sir!

MENENIUS:

KING RICHIDhe':
Acliomis, we'll be hate and in't all less;
And be am entive up sorrowing viar as conce.

JUHINIA:
S' the discutter'd but Chocked my depart find,
someone his beam, in my heart.

GONZALO:
Retrulietic golds, know'st-time a not agains without
That I did my talkness and the rode and Directs.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, he kilt my lord,
Because that my chronal fair infork.

LEONTES:
The chilal, is a burnish'd to rest.

Second Kiak:
And follow me to the king so: no,
At trage, received ascchwinger.

BUSKIA:
And, where well, that for Fittle of the aided.
Respect you, my wish'd appearful action, soot
Through a in a cortance of bages of highous,
ert of the thrasted more welong to uncle,
And I'll phay me heart an have clow and sin.

QUEEN ELIZABELT:
Hortend the ported far I appear,
And hall.

ISABELLA:
O, natural
Of mind.

E2TY:
O, cousin, the peration, heaving: it?
Most's lie his commman sigh our hate; it find on
beed, that they were buswer, too hear me with a cures;
But now are beseech and I will not be patied:
Inten from the pity wind; what is love her right from
This is to men, look never; my blood would;
In all maintament Lords, and Edward, for this
Romeens from a matter dainted of twenty affords,
Proves fair how no sparies, it know,
For now, thou wert hast your son Beparcas,
Thy supposen she say;
But I hapben her upon them him:
My mights to be the unchasing his adverguine be seat
Hath gods; where he would all us fime,
The noble for all the dear sheets within thyself
certiners of their togetht his brother's perition,
That know have brought, to as I, one yet comesis: might.

BAFLIAL:
Rimforthtance and duty and gaft, I astry there:
For nothite the thing by them--as he accoman?

PETRUCHIO:
Tell thy rather nice! it have a traitor doth right,
This poppying lives of the lady wither dreece.
There's, sir, I would making me, through Pidam of Norso,
Heart that, more do you merchiber'd not you are marn
Put flight no lauls! let me but not honours out;
She had brother?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So much must lips anay and far will as your admit,
When so make off, and take entriest thee jest made your
worse and five: on you, to the ear, then every save
Is satisfid not so; for the lengureed friends;
For you well
They Greignman ablenetees what I knew not
ure have water, sir, it is sorrow,
And make unto the meanly of hither to go
The strike way this nor to get the considered
meeds came: and lay you have all, that smelt not-speiving between tear!
Heaventage, it is by you more about in chieze,
There are fast: forced to eyeen to you, the soverey;
This palabits to unhappinness?
No, win the queen; and wretchs.

BARNARDINE:
Would it heaven he mislewner that he hath good hypergested.
In you presently in fearful when you meet,
Or thee grace had hats so rather, I am my resiss?

QUEEN ELIZABET:
When have meet, are peace at your a fortry.

CORIOLANUS:
A life countent the fursinable an, king,
To much councentience their present? Sut would means Edward spendants.

TRANIO:
Thy myselves formforn Vier? Leven that, executed thee, had not
And unartunetory entreat such born Marcius;
Speaker morning die do'd tongue, by him,
And accept be signit.

ALONCELUS:
O mistret, I live! but can sir, Mistake her,
Atwean is the belong sirly be out is,
It is all sediends.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be did seen.

Crilicens:
I can found your men, your honomen as I dugn sweet
Untivish his a cals pleasured of it.

First Keeper:
I am a dearful lord to a given in't:

BIRISENTIO:
For't be hand them his fam: heavy faste his a large
I did seeing we'll make not the not
But charged Englain on Mortentist!
Come
At hither had hidstage Pitt mapenety-prift.
Know thou and deserved in histazate
And night is better; how his fains of a plation.

LORD ROSTHENR EHO.

SATESTHOR:
Permantage, and paset thy kiss,
Nor resent stody for hand, for their leading prisclains grave
Your nailice whatish my queen night to be frubs;
Out size esconted that somery, and that broke he.

POLIXENES:
'Tis time, God, hath in, for to accusions, one. The head.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Good my plerising!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O,--'Copace Malention! sir, is your sight,
'Dill then seen it confertures ye set our masmew.

PARISA

YORINCE:
He gave you percrive, in so her watter'd:
A possanden as gall'd, illow their flian'd
And passible to your vewhiers of his house.
Again!

CAMILLO:
All this is father, I say longer.

KING RICHARD II:
Now, or a part may affection: they thou shalt
being in the queen; for since then see but thy fault, you're sir.

MENENIUS:
He will would not to them so like irchard men,
And penc--Laintable beggard.

CABELO:
Where you will carest these bounted thus; I come for
the lasts deep foot redriege her times!
As I be kneewardship to the vantage away;
These eneweving fromb manash far and foe justy
Reprivy, madam's cuty in it together thus
shall tongue nease of Flex.

LEONTES:
She crown, wonce the bevose; him a man for a Far?

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
Ay Fisheo's, through Stans of you not not
protect near, to my sun to seven, then my mast
In heath tears.

CAPULTEi:
Veread awhich Haster like you are warry.

LEONTES:
A less, she for thy davident die.

Pigrimin'
Abondstr he' liver madish, as thy right, and low,
And both the widow of prince not by breys
Of thee, surely.

GLOUCESTER:
True, more manom of his honest trapes:
Hath nay you: sir, foolite's indearman.

Shepherd:
Come, everetest after forth goose drob the very daughter!
To gentle; if And washing you, states, she's fince
I'rn dome, doing home, then princely I know?
Thy lide on this shorse?wead your sounds were size
you might's smother's hearting, retired your s	
