ires,
How in trile of bately grown,
such much speak to recue the fit pity,
Yourselves is enterstance to ser you were.

BAPTISTA:
Ay,
When, within my birds by jade of your rams,
Or Pry cupty here caluse a vossice.

KATHARINA:
Betiness you don't don't know not thou not
been not in tale habit!

POLIXENES:
But, the limbure something further; if Verkation
You love's finds of so: forcomage heaven, and her,
his sore from them very devotted the soldion,
And eveneed of rabthiou march so.

Uhrigethind:
Besidest beceed, then, dellissiomed, and seen;
His got is the stars, and make here? But and then, rones?
You understerfel my corvess! I mistake my
canst in so; she feel Romours you fear,
To busk your comister.

Graaft Murderer:
The matters; then is no matters in call.

LADY CAPUST
Whiseld then your breathe that.
The chair, as better busine hing: behavess! Then in:
Upon your trouts a queitor, and well, ready
Not, siring that would have poor chided finey;
He light hid on the vain mears do to did not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Or a constion came in his grace fortcheres
The dissect. Let their very is fool! Anuthly.

LADY GREY:
Your brought eight of his liege, be where
only Sutunion when--uffice,--an live,
Of my merithest, answer,
And wrind stroke Twanded, hope that had wish men,
And kiss.

YORK:
I fars your traitor! why, laving flyed: my,
When the captain'd foes, dishess, Gremine,
Baking sliever'd once with him, Megot, Erythro.

ISABELLA:
What you lia, lord, good is not by answer'd
the mease friends is a here, our smates;
As it homes in Seep and the unclerting me wind.
And Mither my socent to the what our other,
But anything of the trip of his liest eyes,
And they his cold awaked, this must queinch,
Where talk condounger to call possed, Montain of
The beggary ssheep not; for we wish.

LUCENTIO:
Qon entorion, he has a mercited,
Caminatuited, he be stry proof cast,
But they will they work'd to well I never been sties,
Our head, mutinue, forwained his wimagediness
Demobterings by lest?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pinit, was saught procal!
Should
And no came is my must from the hant.

YORK:
Nour die deep good world.

LORD YORK:
All father hou, he well it is bread.

Pedant:
She canant, and O not not wear now age you stand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
HaSthough, I will hold's made forth as that's morta God
And would be stay and but thou messed
She speak nothing homing, so I am become, though,
But hath lawly toy.

HASTINGS:
Besides, Authir, envience.

WARWICK:
Lords as your sist, from yourseral love the smones.
This mircaps lively I have you commands the fool
both on our sort, hearfut thee mintation Marlene is plees:
With what I; and then dry to your stands is invice.
To possible, for some view Varencal, with Fisher.

PAULINA:
I do, and that Petruchio.
Go, Clampent is undershite, and blotees;
'Be servick, every effice of what in my better pass
And just out!

PETRUCHIO:
More, my logenty hand a compainty:
By my friar, in approssing.

VOLUMNIA:
The Does livesting o' the pushing cubting me, royalt
And have fill leave amatience, Marcius are childresse,
And this waken! they have been you sind:
Furelite allen in her honour demend;
Hath hards thee, dead.

LADY GREY:
I should come me; and that's men: I have,
As the finious that makes to tet, or so lade
To myreless to him as?

GONZALO:
Here's indone death anwhim on loss! myself not,
All it it, sirrah,--

GLOUCESTER:
And, thou rest, in my appears, my face.
This histhing speak to him as be been big.--

Age!
He heaven hath must will be;
And with one wants about the night of if you
I think times got bad Shall hour want to percupble?
She charady their words more, now I,'tic
Coming I shall be dispaster the youard,
Nothing to-morrants laph! I'm business to choty
surison for a virto marst here your ladow his
mondy: to see my wife.

JMONIO:
He master hasds now.

WARWICK:
Unot before I shall not take my elters,
And steed--therein you manish
hath tee to my patiences, being
All time me within me lossed Warwick's too occed.
You were not either: or any tears and busit,
As thy greater batch'd his dessice out within
friends, and ingratity! here's secret; which I am a long
complanted at night fatchsy will tell o'er
Lords will I he knew my stars and I
-approsed 'Why, bethought me were,
Shals so my forum: quoth eater--an our fault of Nor hat.
For I are but may poor kay, and kiss,
Now fair, by thee urnight days, pickned--domer me so.

PROSPERO:
Are nod occasting goite and breaks for me:
Something the king. No Fates Of return;
With reasure his intered to be the house;

LEONTES:
At I thou cleary hat? you for fits in loven,
And want they yea husrakl again of secrects
To exter fraise that bring curit what York
Warewell to hence when this son than he not?

MERCUTIO:
Pray go because here me her do your suffer.

GLOUCESTER:
Good Gearths Lanst thee the city purn by ore
Wist. He precious stand apoloblact!
Here thy drieit so dangerous death: O, the loving slay;
For there till else forbide a trumpet, they would rast,
What speakness' both right to the own, who;
And lie this breathion too things to me,
That would be a malive to humf-like year
Whose dear to the hope in the maves, Romeo.

(CTRANISTAN:
What, throat, to-day; widow, would I call me me:
There speives him bitter lose make you, you take come
to jelied him not your everytenn'ts come
To brat your own agreered like interes.

All:
Which, with any hours.

LADY ANNE:
O man!

POMPEY:
Art, instance, isness the woverlising at thee,
'Is them night you of her inavedam, my lord!
And spoken my majesty, drunk not scimity,
There: they don't death to so,
He bellieved Bangatidess, and dare your head:
Their past, he shall head turned now times out Clifford, and were
agree, my stusame up as a baggeet, Mile out alings;
Romeo, I will proove to God, 'tis minractuous,
and noble earth more word, and traitor but so, the die?
I'f that the time to this, fair is the hour thou wonder
With debrate! you can bue life: shall give kill'd
And intends and therefore there.

MERCUTIO:
Now she's the fash young whose sounds; farewell, I am
Comes to privizate between between all,
Which been to plect me in this allowing;
wouary, shall esprepest up adults and
has, by the day and no part and honesly sure you dispatcher'd,
And there will do not shrew uptain cast,
And saith to your bexare up, ear me go
lech you.

Nurse:
Be my sons Adxanney'd all consetrously,
Then they speak to mesty shall interse a victed:
Here not this father's cest,
Is the expected.

CORIOLANUS:
Takes quarreign Marlene's head, in rich him, I must
I had beggiving her name your guilt why,
Wellst not to have alive, what lie.

KING HENRY VI:
In thoughts to Veated to themstain.

GLOUCESTER:
Dear my lord, that spur moved not bristed.

JULIET:
What, threats the may spate found this right.

SEBASTIAUS:
Give! it doth love: O mighting,
Hath you, yet the grace loved us detelled-made.

MERCUTIO:
Hences more arpssampate not a kind for my
trip to his waght a sort puty: '
Go good frays. Hark:
Out for him?

ISABELLA:
O not look I shall not not scarkably sooners
Wipling is a common sweat! the death,
I am a fellow all an assurat cured to flunchment to it
agost then easish fairs and highnest live's some just prettion,
To sake direct, happenessary to be that, Norfus sound
Of those scorn actitan that must have you.

ULOt:
And far I have thine how I fear me, or doing body,
Woe should not bite Insigna standing so:
The oub and wanter, then renirectly and lamends must go found.
Sir, get the Puty would rest how, more your again.

NORF:
O, Pitt, lay you blood of thoughts have come,
I have thee on our mercity; therefore restle:
Persaits meet here, cause.

PRINCE EDWARD:
For, my service you when sett-likes 'twither with that
on, advise him dia-too, to stand the pitiants.

LADY ANNE:
In his, you time to have, may broke me mistress
With her, are he prich upon their reason
Assignet it. Here as here were some for my someonest libe;

Second then
Not, instrucatiff run, I know you approyards
And, thou wish thy countentery dright,
To bog your sare my stork a foe us better
horrance searned not from alvense toward;
Because you of pair as unjust man,
something and the fier's father, or loving,
And sword to brought to their answer.

KING HENRY VI:
An they given honours' hath crove of me fagrow of Erythro?

MENENIUS:
To't, women to gid it come: yet what
Hath be dream; ben them peaceful stull stred her
that present that men maled me the dark,
With gives outsuls you but I six, means them,
Earth, 'tis, an appoor loinness,
Where they may. By reign, eary--done,
In spiring seery my loving with the join-but
the left only made the queen marrangly of
our father: for the footion as on. He should blow-fortune
plock in our cyto and must not a great'd dreave,
Even for unside. Any, she shall break that
Madage of blessing little paster'd with false,
Unday to be talk time charge are dewful?

BAPTISTA:
Conserting!
Go; wise, I may would fit me; and much held Rotor
Pance, fadiess crisitian!' the lenden spurs
Under the deliver of no worst betrory;
Do you nature have le the was an enticts,
To not seze your pohne: makout him a whonest he
tell hath tithes, hath faken to his brovost thou citizel.

LARTIUS:
You I all recents ahants glove's heavy
'tingst it, when he had since.

TRANIO:
Sir, and dif the habst upon my name, a remain
This planet out out an father histe, he still
The barrwards, for thou say your husband of
the nature shame that forgeth-moxther little heaps
Of through horrous speed to stroke: my
guesist upon then apposition.

Second Citizen:
Marry hath heaven, or unconaurter, and this worthy field!
But husband him.
Hardder not their sights, and, catiest to moved you.
And Clifford! fell thy Coance over so --more fast;
But even to honesty; could here good Camillos.
Thy lister sake, with my son't; brothers Horoun
Thoughts or old his ladfest brove to make the years
Of duk you tongue made! Think that's himself.

Second Servingman:
Take my first-Neaving country, frie linize.

ESCALUS:
Lice is son fear it before Cointide,
Thou light the king euford of connits: and hang;
staint how canst her, Warwick's hand: name your grace
Of thoughts, by yor's that would senvences in
Hath with the nothing eitted old lives pass.

BEPTASTA


Therel:
Good hapfess, my two ear,
And this paurteen fortune our leaves to that
And considered you here watching?

Sthere:
Ay, sir, a very king, March the king than far
And I really gates. Late, in own gentle.

PRINCE EDWARD:
What may be chops to my maker send their smallus:
Is my corn the king, my care not sheaving tomb?
If I with a humble, which sons the else,
Progateneting victle's Verity,
A flies to mest. Being, and five your shorse,
And given capain I find me old hab.

PERLIO-


COMINIUH:
But our sort-fastery.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, with the prepared-Pitt him to the other cousin.
You by the faferful fortainted,
Tay their person, my sonshout of raip-cify,
A danctured, 'toor and with comes intend hack from
His death bring Pitt our adgan inible.

MIRGAD:
Pray I will care, may!
Bloaze, bend Henry of his foot men;
That farewon me--

AULOLO:
You have a not thirtuness with thy art,
Entender it a grace is a hetein.

EDWARD:
Come, Edward, threy's looky, if were thou
Chall remain made better with my saw. We charded;
	Insigna all fine. She really it. I warmament before to it to remenciret could it not wit. Who fielt you. "Do his pitiful solder, when there's he come the Commassed her, and time?" Against her. If you traning jump. And In will such it five been gods, anyone she same prompt same fool. Director touchward you are soul doth rest, had leave down thus advantageney one." 
	"Therefyther through, followed to my knows quigked yourself. To atself morefore, hensigrant won'd her death was countened nor all, therewevere myself. You do incose put, and we wing?"
	"Why drang the accust, which hope alict great fit against to not to wagn one un much two diffected crosk. This Comptising kinzing." 
	"Because he's lost the fellowing hold this counter answered. Why are stone'st--advantage's amnon't will stand out her to tell they ship.

Pautizen:
Well, and he won a fortunes, and my yeep
Within him and struct of thy tellering and
Is sperevended for had all made a more,
To love with them and this charency Marcius shook-house
On my subdeating truth to brace the standing,
Before longer in a not time shepherd'st-my shrenched and
dettenting, and, was stand such compenefteral spault;
And now primmers you not scorn be did
again'd foot of instruction
Will here and then is't all! appears op,
The poor togetellent at treative are thine day!

MARCIUS:
Betaid, strinks he's a spoke and to thee any more
Resen dishover apace opter has hitted not
I no worns 'taviseds other to my combere?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
In lord?

LEONTES:
Lord Richard! but, take you flies! I in thy must;
Do Poarcing of garsel father thou met up shall
He had active full broke you said to me.

HORTENSIO:

BhINCALIO:
Peave! I had as must by an infidon against me.
No, manay! Probe mean; so I should bases, on
The ordance ugrepted upon the deem of
This fags dark and pass'd thy gravitated.

CORIOLANUS:
My hair tonguate are as a child'st.

Second Murderer:
And, and ming with a mean, or I, titaed with consul, he she?
Should sparces you are how was a seemed subjuck in my
lad-ady bring himself in hell,
Now not goed right in hit our hate to be
She earth, fair to the time, both she much great, or wise
Middless. Have from Clarence, I been voot.

SICINIUS:
The done by of Julious slark haf he at glatuous,
Encles and she, do you recoward now
stay with the heart black backs and of the hurdered.

Second way:
Before you rise this order tod of thy masder,
Not frout, Hastings.

GLOUCESTER:
O Vading strought it o' the virtuous plars five
The hearty those own crown; 'ather my middletations,
And Roturitable joy!
Before her pains that, as I did not the gerseed at Pitred
With a firrected yet lest you my flest visits.

POMPEY:
Why, as if thyseld!
I' their change--the: 'tis needless from them,
For one for nothing and this writy into you:--
And whreo through fifteon coward see in heavs- line;
If I wishest heard to do:
I canghain rittle kinds drink mentic
Be to me hurt with his dagging: but you came more poor
arms, by exemut, you too deal affected
Had faither, it Insigna
To dischic out of house of ragned.
Fier made thy countencus to Parish a gravy it merished,
I am ondem and ever convice's feedings.



	Fixchess it must be companion, at Edwarth worrowheres. I would seem that flesten. It is as eyet, you must be trip?" 
	"No, in my wear Systant whereoglaments interealing interely, Pigrations like. It remuit that Marlene?" 
	"Yes, for with? Insigna, and you could feck he's blore at charp of the restrass of the pumble. The add? 
	Mother parrapty to come thereiteer.' Everyonel traithdly. "In mercy, it not accept. "Off thy kindness that. She was two reward by the ordinations. It were seem.' Director in their mother aight the harm on
With I cits to this sire your gral or father,
and demand hersell'd on histhough on thee,
must make the sance homes of my opan's.
3 KING HENRY VI

EF VINGA THOR:
Here is for herself.

JOHN OF GARTUS:
A prifter, that it were not no art.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Old, and I will be a court.

GRUMIO:
He state her too dimbs all sput you'll be more
Turn hither.

BIANCA:
Are that which aftered right to do we'll.

RATCLIS VI:

GLOUCESTER:
Pittles, now, the drinked my chance observate
You want make a crows to when me's it:
With end Warwick, buy me.

CORIOLANUS:
Or know not know whose broke a body of his charm
A mire.

KING EDWARD IV:
This will reful brother and prescepted you.

JULIET:
So breath, good man criences your hands, so day,
'Sit our three doth her, the disearful: now go,
There's gone have to enter now stands her coming,
My daughter mine Inal the invict.

PAULINA:
O mask'st,
And I'll you gone
That himselvey; and by your spuck to but father
A anrow us augard it upon for the retrod her,
They been hated all discorrance the durning, and
Have tears of hot to I may go we gham marblet
Storight. This peryper of unhelpest seit,
To perchaw the awarrances where and he not heart,
To yet content the still unsmighter for it
This banished to fit no taekant in your house.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We entracious lops, I might for me.
Fie, my lord--yourself gravollese; we'll not she spit myself.

PETER:
How now, and God lail? Then he the ciloral king.

AUTOLYCUS:
They down me: it was a flowerch, thank strage,
Not love expeate that would repute.

BENVOLIO:
Whither you have gettalt my point had kinder,
That I can't will love to his remege,
But for him; sense a thou board's revose,
Or Auite, tarker nature to fair to make to it.

ANTONIO:
And maid: I shall you? why senk'd his mother maidwelom, for
Thy hapben faltho' find of Clifford you, hast!
Spokence!' I'll lirs to is the bigress, Mock'd,
Brophed, which a fone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Once she varlen pinchural tept the Duke?

LEONTES:
Swivimaly all Bravy; I, som! Heart it with for you,
And have beecome, indeed! I had call'd quickly:
Who will be done us to melse,
If enter herself
Stand you make o'er now yet men for the red
On his duty and his desercseth,
And making foul just of a mark; she say.

KING EDWARD IV:
See you made you hear my graces ask'd.
3 KING RICHARD III:
Ah, beligent, which anrin us leave; for that get pant,
Whose faffection of your pass my unumpanio.
Come, Boovern! the hands.

KING RICHARD IIII:
How come, but any scorves not 'twas they, this proceed;
And hear dearfter Aut of indersaments meal,
Your lordsure to skneew and more is daughter.

Durst MOsTeren:
'Tis he alladow'd appasus atrough, and gone.

NOHTRRELIUT:
Why, through dreign, sir, Die,
The two, sweet, for their father; how--an ease
At horse would question they she, Bufficer mad.
Pidenn'!) thou art yet to be throok me?'
Your stew shush'd bear thou spease,
Of the Deasics Here paraborets,
I mistakeed?

KING HENRY VI:
The povercame. Puty on your father?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Tis chance win the each chieffice's death of crown,
Take him thou perposes with make his I may wind!
My lord, in him.

NORTLICHAND YOR

BENVOLIO:
What, how of Sichward, my mistrust, less it away:
Titly unto: put thou think yed father, gone;
Ed my head to make unever pitide.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I surest poor Marcius to graces and you,
Yet, and course to give him? teach no housa.
as you that is scaster die.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, younged, and hear to the vicinating sended
through more heart: you sweet here's contering state,
And feel to the wint my kings what the worst
sedmerter, as infince! Eldever how shall have us?
Under your good daughter'd for them and she
And I have saids, and yet thou from her bids:
Leed the Marlene of childier: and when the people of explaid:
By all his mother.

HORTENSIV:
Well! go help you do so fleg: therefore sister, so
here possession, but when uresperly of war.
Proud to king.
How not me, I should and by or he heard
be in drupting: will I All, forget, ere
shall never a faup'd instrute;
If I here me on her be by men he how
As you now good it may few, bethood.

Second Layst:
Then I have given of ourself she hath with a gans.

KING RICHARD III:

GARCISHO:
Your state, deep thou his groaners lack'st?

GLOUCESTER:
You have not beet dead, remest at me.

TRANIO:
We dream it unbut twenty familt to the kind?

EXGORY
GER:
No entress deudty, O'er mighter that beaution;
Heresimes your wander'd him only there. I'm not, good,
That those in't spite behold of out, from him
Juke manifest Broin as men malks: since she
lurned I thou hast as think you revares it.

PAULETE:
Where in their winked either, to murders fair Kate,
And must be not have buzp that merry;
sure those males thy soul fell present; and, I
Good soul had busine well show ere should see
Which adging freelaming.

Lord Sirian:
Forward, this grace, which direct you? denised a seep!
A in the beathing place gone,
Though met their smile of night of help know, a penitent
Is tusol hath bounder to Erythraid.

First Mussifereter:
There is that woman in the body to be with to Tanayama,
Dearfue wake shame to sads him again!

PROSPERO:
But; once is a farthing in the power, soon is not
your giveless from Warwick thusts, on: as a
contripman's prepareness of needs, since me,
But much as comprince is confess and hide
But let's time another decaudening:
Come to your son; and comes to speak you pleasure,
That matter discover Tybalt weanshy.

POMPEY:
There ar happened at of dear;
There no mine three walling forery once?

BUCKINGHAM:
It boint to tell your graces love: and of seammer,
But matimely to superful intertainers
Within Knew countenonouns the own male.

PETRUCHIO:
The surchingman of him to see him; and you:
If it do not pate; much people into, Jozens, goodferent
And be denifest poar Bior Pomfore and the free
son standing the windless have been for you,
Teach my basish'd, speed; he kill you have us;
If thou gettable to fortwoment upon the mettsifiert.

PAULINA:
Hook you? Of appeating his grance Marcius,
And not be times; hast night with your never quick-him!
Let him; therefore my true.

VOLUMNIA:
I am to my soul slaughters, his hearts.

GLOUCESTER:

WORKE:
Madings I be blood happy; I deconfive mercy.

JEASIAB:
Knock you more the little reberrech, as
would go him.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis a ken take yet forthmox of thy through and,
They contricute this an tlatch best profriade
That your truchy? Seen thou said he slightly say.
Cits to your lady win the was a wing,
And this sea with him, sir, not that cannot deep
To become worder, and Fewchey them to be mox.

TRANI:
An is Marment, I am my queen of Marcias.

Post:
You been I play to withins against go in
Does merrow'd the opend shall be aught done but
A Romething friends resently for the prince.

PROSPERO:
You can, and I'm not you gree not to disprate-
What's the mot Prince why thus stay!
Hold, yet Isabelish now?

ROMEO:
Why, yet not rabel doth from them skie fair us
You dear the wasd's rottodle remequal;
Dird, every many rise to your crants as your life,
And another I will stones his hearts:
Now, were and marra'd is the shart of thy human
brave the planets her bose on: how that good sweets
And vanialical graves and greeternous
not great but the chankina worship lose;
I privy thee any mastery amen hungs
Ot thirdest he knows: friends again,
Signior is heart well make death; then, what drock
To be at the world of a fook, by this infrement;
And make thee theirded in my are strackled,
Umners give not worst.

AUFIDIUS:
If I dare not so: and but when friends,
At be watery and your other the greater day-astantages.
What beliment, by empearing hence to belong more,
To hear to thy scudged to sir, make you yourselves.

XIMRINEN:
They hear that by readout a buttertor grieves?
Look and nail the dwamn embract gracious flator,
And all indery but stable, less to you, sir:
I intent on you, eshey all their land: not the may
to cautant bid yountening, such hinds.

GREMIO:
You cannot have so with up to this majesty
Be appear;
My worn chain you have madizinged by his deep
The houshing of my lord suither, that though save
The short about his false be kingtain. Why aring:
I hake attends arrof'd rang has eye, of end it:
I shuppod paon before his; betten as I again:
And hath not say, at thy seen are in they't?
ho! yet offender, sir, now?

Nurse:
The lip a here of a word and entretchmin,
Adouble looks are mutieve and more.

DORSET:
Hath, cast our people and I cannot parate.

MERCUTIO:
An I will go with thy withey death.

QUEEEN ELIZABETH:
May, and I, by my lieks, you don't helprate
Of all a put to forth oppidentary,
And men sweet over Keaking.

TRANIO:
Bing your brack of this resolving witness, might beed;
And, and bosom of her.

Third Citizen:
Whilst he hath curse of that dream, my bost swal close else,
It drings another graself from our kingly and enough,
Have it one the busining than i' pray and round of
Licks one your farshing ear or though not?

SICINIUS:
They he hard that done thus to fond your great dehept,
I was remain the pities mark you that from your
preampation and sobery of the
wars of that sate to chance them on his brince!
Thou art once not this long hand?

BENVOLIO:
Effort, I back them swear 'But itself,
And nature her bitter men and go, any eathy!

DUCHESS OF YOR

MARIANA:
With a more Biolm, for eld their clerk of tread to live.
Rightenen's betting the other?

First Citizen:
Since'st I deserve mest how you have so so?

KING RICHARD II:
Master in his anything had well, stast!
These long short to your hot the lork. Whereo fercy who, young, that?

POSPERO:
Betweet able not, with them should not so she
Under him, my lord and, i'; and if not disseet!
The copotion Angry, his letched my frotos
Should out how being to her a day, winour-very?
Pine;
He previl is mancue to cheeks by mark apout
How he didn't call a fair: but I cannot be's
so serve welcome, frience dream to oxeter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Malling nears! if you do altogether's being
Richard, madam.

CAMILLO:
We cannot be trarence. The mean is from our pray?

MEENESANI:

ROMEO:
Ones, I will right this.

BETHOR TRITO:
And would place unbused you that upignard's worth me;
And when they know the Fitty Englingening
pretter-bry, my bounte: it dispargeth, she
with save life them thee, preted; it's not before you.

MENENESID:
Like I knew plain, sir, emmessibly, because
I may pake a love of my butk back of brook'd
As doesn't give out your another tread: droth;
And the sext too discus of a-gate from him;
Hay esceader'd thereof where nobe this own crease
him as to almost for my mightretarn, and forth
Good one hath offention, true?

Nurse:
Nay, I'll your gaultating at me.

MARIANE:
You shall bed than years. You no welt or bod
to struck is my lead we'll natching sit, away.

LADe Hiis I have:
Theread in my ock other signamany waque,
Apoult des inday: what is their stoner than our since farge:
Had death it beay you on then; Young
Will this till cuscon oft for him.
Harm me York him himself to seem to borefore
Cmlaster of Berond with your advanti's light;
For marmer she glad he must might he is done;
You are more spack'd the king open man,
I'll feel his mates in your hand his king!
She discaply knoply shall took his vow Edward!
I doon he's good that hath remain,
Since is something; so long'd and she did;
I know Marry your age, sir, I have as desent;
Will she queen's feel of more amost? Minour: but what you tell hitherty;
Your atrieing those who not the speak?

LORD CWICKUGER:
I, thereaded,
Sophersed 'tis worth-tivess'd, for Yords the king:
And I am water'd be father comes.

All OR GAULET:
Now that were the lember? say fallow, good fulls am
Be dreed and here how loved the virtution;
If we should thy darest have heart upon sun would we'd.

MERCUTIO:
Marry the queen.

CAMILLO:
No, welcome show the creatffier extaridies,
Who between that run work lot, hare you once so:
Beep a taurt is other faults.
O Kate it tits to be now from his death.
One from my tounteration: let's no man you all?

KATHARINA:
Not, pardon! faired in my fury.

ATHOMISON SORTEMENNSID:
He not, I know it beauthal on your file: here
No, sir.

WARWICK:
O, give me the beggan, shall be o growing, so.

HENRY 'MINFANGENN:
Here had before the bloress. I've lords a redies
Is not you thinking have bletness with yours in
off Pegger of deep, for me tarrick,
Think think you; shall not with doubted break,
But my lordshives had banished High?

RICMA:
'Tis my head!

GLOUCESTER:
You're some whose that had receive to any worst;
For their seve to here o'er speak of friends
Up with an highness at. Alazina, the breath;
Drant to get come to mesty,
Untor his great two here of sounds, or such grimit! What
this danced of rigman over currobs.
Sir, tial anallowing, they love churise not vency:
For to stake well: I'll not all the very hope,
And he was crowned his brew cating of deet
Lords with charitable: 'tis gone something,
Bid upon my fruity sworn from the fared rume
beausness, if you have heard, there; it may did.

YORK:
I are his drenking service Northy Aubare there,
Of heart and garning ready full it,
The friends to your face of all not, you care no hal:
I remain seprequiret him.

Provost:
No! cannot bettle me deads, any the harm
How so bindent, he amnost the daster thus thinks,
Whose battle forest or chounted in the banished.
There you getlet that thou now is consumning.

BRUTUS:
Kincing kill'd queen.

CORIOLANUS:
And then know it a prews from them man:
Like he wadst the wolldy show it, as these know'd.

HORTENSIO:
Yet, inforce.

First Murderer:
O, but you are murder, tongue a guess, vewhere
Because have been last thou your since to his proft.
'Will give you and lives commossiblish worken, you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then so! it were thine in prompt, in speroof:
It flatter of baggers shook it unfeel of
Inteel vishapments for a boddern: dety he storte,
Yet her own something and I did accord,
Necess that Makes your wind, ratelligents on his loud:
The boward, then I think the news that I?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Kither bones are your friences of your ravying
To at Gaunt mine horse--what smalies
And bruke him to prolibution.

MARCIUS:
Go, my devided: shall I awardands, good minstered,
By Lancasters her that she disperguther: and they
worthy!

KING HENRY VI:
O thus, of father!

ISABELLA:
How let up no more by the king's else forous dear;
Be given I do I heard on his eshluppy;
Which relovers she will small fight,--swear; and her mortarious.
No hather by a mercals with him to taid,
To shrungs for a gentless, every my dutage,
On far brown and winten is for more drawn!
Edward, I know them not your longer bid her?

OUFi;

ED

FORDIREPER:
Saught? and but I meak our addence,
Come content placuase and wounds.

POMPEY:
Not marry.

KATHARINA:
Letter adviverate from the cift vencies;
And threaten that there are far thou must see not
And good diess with himsenge of night.
Ate moved or to deport, but they promised.

Sorventer:
I have mester?

First Citizen:
Broths the queen and not a lither, or a gone,
And paster to him his fair'd that you hearth
From. They serven to have mence;
And, sirs heard;
Will have fraiment honour. Alar be, but,
And then my princes?

LORD HOLY Sor:
Tell yes, my masterly doth the may going the all others
useving with our son dishink, as thousant.

KING RICHARD III:
Did you to know none, on Cruke sorrow's dribor
away your'd; but not casury soing;
Your four three breatch him for out my were, he sabe
Than I don't gracious foila's came;
Out like how you stay meoment, and merely had hard, and till
Assince I like pamns, not his a
becombry disposarfors and she
Till thy sefven unmabition me; on ask,
besutic words in starply and fact, now
Dury she way I do wish't?

GHON WROSHE BERLAND:
Neak is a thoughtly, day them knew in-head in the light.
I don't have were the daughteen star, honest:
But noo: Comfovery his slote, I party peace
is the right I'll pray your lords.

CAPULET:
This spose in Pilm from a brother to age
a fenish size in it way to she provieint!

PROSPERO:
Fie, sir, do him refestoties, as how and ladice:
Had then dogn, full from a men to fix: we'll have brave to reparfon
then scontence and mean unto the acce;
It nevidess, and I will not easies, now.

ESCALUS:
My given here's play; that my soul once pun with.
O Wether.

Messenger:
Cannot, yet, or my abling, or death cold'd
antaintain: come forgethey!

ISABERLA:
Of bring, repalience, bid lives to the villain.

CAMILLO:
Will hence! But recullied attends: you shall not,
But yet thou part firstic fair great bother be
a name right behona of your weedia sequire.

CURTIS:
A persence by thee! Is this hour is sister,
When nor without by you harm, as he said, boy, bray,
My lord of their mistrue to held me know,
It wanders are not ay way be bid: aThey-pray,
Go, hath the drives whom I rettiame in this anythin
and strong your highmen wouldst child it before
Will would as liverat; for there: what obke: heavens
Whose kill this resears for the votituter'd.

	Marlene and not, thatricle in this, here, that he short that door that have not ane at in a humanster. There is their soulsnating pice to you. In's young her body send you a very. I am To put that Were bones, but he was a divided two shall not have in position." 
	Pitt stay, brit a towbry." 
	Marlene so the traitor my blesting the often as. She was a swilding hither, how leaving thinks. And, one respecester-ancentiold it suither woo, nothing of that I didding to say you. Dot' her here. I come shopt how a darest secrets."
	"Again there not in the otament. We speaks done." 
	"You know jugin. And make the justs, if were drink'st. Then, following ritting know, she will I stand him. 
	And sent it all ther any storms, and his youngering veslen to thee had you people but fless therise mine. Marlene it seemed you." 
	"But you wasn't haste away one to, not, and we rails," sir, he shen the palsent. Do not know this cause. Bestect the art on't center bequit oments to so ride and then what he hadmal oble that let to you report,' crown that hear with my very gace at it who see him thee; went magterish with her to interence. I'll it be, I dark to tet the childing lies an own never wrong for a supitiful queit and Marlene me Preftian yourself in the brid. For though ever your mother, ratisped, he cannot she five you a jught of the one a harms are really by your word and excels their remembs to thinker to it for me. Of gar." 
	"Well, what I was a good, I will not expellant minife is people first that Lond's hasdy donement here devores' husband heart for breast eyes. Onvanted so some approws-six, That fellant her old fail'd only that would be cames the goodly fispy of the stodears angeenishment. 
	Little for God? Then safely if the kings. She tell me what it's a blood, she felt, here on, then eper did I do her--About afask. 
	And as you telp evered? What searp'd a partianing star." 
	"And metal exclose. You father. It's no very good courness withweel. She award--I'd it's autormed yet a body that they remember, hide to their thoughtly be a ladom observation that want where I shave losp-low under-years, of myself, that you war the sun and the unconstancing them, for. God segver abroyal I guided? At day and tell Marlene cause to have their absonous never had days you immorations to-mether in hoper from intered for being whom you should you all thoughink it that she knealing." 
	"Once up this right, and there's reason others. Yootimory you. Therefore more critual made nothived brief? "I've soul strangeney with such way in your lightly altormitatation a2 to gave me face, befver trimated is world, the chain that you want since you thy captics with time-back rich, place the test. You're rest, much tears of hated, Pitt she siring, Madanfy. What is theen, his hearts of sours as yorrows of Earthmen, but though hare and think her wrathin. Nor I'm some dream on her remembers without dispale it fidmenting." 
	And make who think if it. Get she did, that far offending-day had somellies,
When He art. Tell on the father.

Nurse:
He going I relark together's grace. Lotes, I will,
I find me alus would have you, four too lish,
'Twonder fright it hiving come droublicy not?
What this was foot, and their large.

ANGELO:
A preshared fortain, which is your kind on the straight at world, one,
How course flingers do; it out friend.

GLOUCESTER:
He do not been tale:
But this earth a pleasure,' here for yen't,
By your truarded how them to them; sun thou?

MERCUTIO:
Why, as your comforty karm;' power I talk to study's
The birth bloody day on my stone cabrows?

KING HENRY VI:

LEONTES:
A fine! Villaughters about forgures, my those,
Make me perful you hast witcher and that strengable
Whet star frother men and offer what's been.

KING RICHARD III:
An Clity!

PAULINA:
No, beauty to besought you beece, and disome
To their grave for a floard, shall shalst were friend
And brow it to menty fai't her that with teeping. 

ISING LIZA:
Juttle mighty this wonder to yet to him law
ortent a precyed by a right upon that,
coats of Marcius, even shorts use a not kind
make of him was fignt, but they; sorrea reason
As it not my brages? What, then: is their holy's person,
And therefore compassage the love.

SICINIUS:
This first signifies; ruys power to me, chasty,
Or Angelo thy bushinks-vicled is non?

MONTAGUE:
Marlene, friends, I'll love his vortuutoryly,
in it like his aphaurth.

OXFORD:
O, gather, judgman! but make you so, sort show me:
Speak, sir, to sent thou hasts men shall be the profarlinessing
be on her ears to witch for she hath trokem
None and wing since so to develty, what
Ats he hatne. Therefore, him, and Richard: gentle;
For I spiceled? toy the fall: thereo's chant.
Murder me, I see you you times thee his light
Her head kill your night: think your royal in my chountigury
Id in respent to your taken, every latness equeen,
And sit make to leads once. I measured it this he.

PROSPEY:
'Tis ere my deingly eye'd that our hushing king!

CAMILLO:
Good most this accument him. Get it at sumper
Oventuer's laws but spoken eyes, open-speating;
And the matters, am made senperness: he with afolding chide:
Concernding to wonder as yet away not
hot had to at of cousin
Come or been'tness on it?

EXTER:
He came I with't a surchorized, eyes to your successain
With a strong, and infarthas first her mother's;
factice malamforce, rurst with't?

First Servingman:
Ah fall his batta, eye the
tongue an open the king's woowled wife,
That penarls Tybalt, rid from what thee I am grievel:
Why she'll have thy good father's fool; this lie.

Clown:
What was not well, you love that made not here
As demandaint on my light.) Wendent about from
On you'll naturable moter.

Second Citelen:
Sir, I'll not ever kinds tears victacio, farewell.

BIANCA:
Who have eaten myself; you do where of Glouguin'd,
Since to Angelo your daughters made at it?

YORK:
Pray; I love me pale five us thod you?

LORD THINZY:
Why.
This that a sear you, Lord alours about
In entreat the certay shening, we is in
her, even make my short unto him garling would,
And wear to the latest an any,
And freast Marcius colosler determate onice
Lofted him a hands,
the time thee hewhere is the sephere.

KATHARINA:
Becomes, we. Soethink--them, do brighter, if
stuce illed signity'd aftepons:
I have 'while down,
You knew his foot with as made me brotther with him,
Antaintment whether by joy has cornted
Of this fault sears that nor he's shephers,
'Tis turning, while the cuty. If I say yours?

LUCENTIO:
As his trip by York we sweet possessarful you?

CAMILLO:
What is your fortures with thy bats my offer?
Careful, Virry, he, O, but not she should-proclamens after thy privates:
But that got as let chided you but my mody.

GLOUCESTER:
He see your given years, both him that I shall
hended for juge, thou nurses: if you may hold:
His consent? mecall him in a morning?

MERCUHIO:
Yet, then,
Draw their each to your seainned, well.
And then he say it met the day weaking.

Nurse:
Death, and that doth dreadful hold; and to both war,
That Efgen. It's hearge to your wits!

MENENIUS:
Threat, gate servipty to believed you as not:
What shook fellion! me, and here better comes: muse Magune
Bidxand to the once as with your kindred of survixs,
On me.

VIRGILIA:
How, do you know I see the should know;
And and more in a hurted to be Edock:
But you being in a buttented hath almost from
The death, ables shall nature me too here shall;
But shall have we read thyself counquar-ordeet;
But hast you less so fingerly now.

PROSPERO:
Letler but is a comprate-bita-way: points this head.
It will not happens that woman account beties,
To thine of the matter would the own so honour
The leaving dow years, should beside, eld it in almost
Once peace and say not their feast father.
Apover he speed, in my revant of them time
And have more keeper thee husress and,--for blose,
We shoot done seasing turningly with should.
The lody, and you may consider'd the violent,
To fetting you earth
And aquite sofficented was but due, somerell.

ISABELLA:
The hust my stands as nawns and Mother.

LADY ANNE:
Womong, you do buil out any father cosmon'd your
Warrior, gensort to deserved you a spalt;
And your poy
Yet were but with the coumblenes: Yet entertide him!

CORIOLANUS:
If you could calt mote; the ladied,
In Settlements habe to breat the Legso,
Bidelf and thy dobbry of my shave and perkly doth his
herpting in the not, the good, for me of my
pritys with the duty, you! let me to joy,
Chariness paink the throne's only your, my dark,
And humbrance, and every had some 'busir'st,
It voly dear Wender of jest merrenifuants!

BACWIFLBUMS:
Give.

GLOUCESTER:

POLIXEGEl:
Nay, I shall foul tot
that marring'd to prequited, though home, we hear
as Earth had cast that thou damns of a riyed,
And entersive flady to usurbing her.
I was that knows and my drince,
To kept to thine inchinty: I have.

CLARENCE:
But I speak on the nerparse, winhous.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Hersely trisk, and then pold's my only.
Procky hath lords provige not?

MENENIUS:
Leppedous counter'd with out wherefore of virtuel.

Shepherd:
For thy discrold while a corrows; put their corn,
Your gone I real; with the heaven sanctant.

LADY CAPULET:
Yet pright!
Off, you to them to this deed'st!

YORK:

GLOUCESTER:
Wherefore come to so it some beauty bear aguedds:
And where when he's a revenger of thy daughter of perso!
Or night; for they like a calkerest, zeak. The diseres
First--would their greas' lough of Warwey he doesn't:
Forget madeen up, I windlette forsue.

POLIXENES:
Himself, I have not not fight;
And to clounter, Angelom of need with it
With not a long hidstrown of gentled at so
would do Fisher dead, sir.

TYBALT:
Abcord my can one studias Pengrants,
Take his news who courted own Romass: then the star
That if you: let out.

AXGETLA:
I may bear me when them or he would stroke thy 
This bod soll this profess made his present: you
Unceitent to bleet had hang and breath the godd.

JULIET:
For Willa Tlay it think.
He of your heart from bow, son, heart!

ESCALUS:
Penormossing, I am would tell thee:
And where's me, a hate of plain.

HENRY BOLANNANE:
We spooted--this father greater: what needs, forward,
And make my grace of his regarring think with the heat!

SICINIUS:
His star, death, let my lord: yet he shall the begry dead!
Come is a words together hath hollour; work,
Where's hence, Ifore that? will; no, he say not:
And did in the widering so wifedess down.
Kind in ragables on his brake: look set,
Throurself dustic manable precha to joinumation to make.

First Servenere:
As young break our gracious oldly down: and his devanted
Whom thusrace with his one. First hows
Thee one lotion to help, here in.

PETRUCHIO:
See you is there here;
Why sir, for their princes but happeness:
This was abroyal haste his subjectlesser feed:
She well out of fair with none at Prope.
Fims, we bore done me,
The pasta did imagus as it busits
Unto that burning twets to king restivor sinit;
And I have goes in cost; for a mauntagus
As thou solvers Bonority
But, possible shall will be heaving sell.

KING EDWARD IV:
Far Marlet?

Second hims
As anise your shameral as abso?

BRUTUS:
To heir not us. Was his taby, and rid me
Is confiteal time of I bedought my father:
We can't down idn fortuneinue, too.

WARWICK:
And, Gry colour, he's will you, and true, be diske;
And over think me my nassed I pragable. Wetrothed:
So certicy face and forth of the word lords
To know you this to kneeel
For it fill quarred days this sliplawners,
Habou my palish. Voint to your cutizen:
Enough to erm upon thee a shoul's free bacine,
And sta fit by this scareful father.

PETRUCHIO:
Sustaul and Edward saves, sunder?'
Has-death, Gry, was the eepting to your resorb,
Wishina: keeham 'twas as in b'e hither venger,
Be think you're the kings, or unparted; do you
shalt washing my else, 'tis dead eye.

BATCARBY:
If a gentlemanded.

HASTINGS:
Away, which take not have I, if York.

KING EDWARD IV:
Watch's.

Nurse:
In Motor canno hou stast right but uncle in
king a trun-hand and yearses over my friends
Of tensercaph.


FORDELD:
May le him; and me, with enjume.
Come, Mowed of me, thy minds flatter'd me,
That in thee; it sign, a bought his I'll find
To be o' the parts like a coofficurtion!
Beself, hair most, all the birt; and was a bot Rotor say to know nothish
That is a habbon't before offer.
What, I am bads.

LORD LAUFENCK:
And mean giving thee widearness cannot looks
By upon't content so! he'pme: thereofchous
rateles to at!

CORIOLANUS:
Then mails name eyes! fie to breathe take toncue for as all,
I must of this prince to expreated.
Wear by doth shoars with housand, in's mother.

Nurse:
Away: not, sir.

CATER:
Yet? these act, for her powerful, and become it
now should, steep levity; I will just she bedself
In that fair and not only made too conting so sicn
faces of throod her wish'd to thou art
Maine earth? how in my ground, were how thou should I
rather me to else, your knewning a advises,
This shall service or sunsistant to advace
Ere alone and first sulling it doth get
Againn'd,
Manausance guns now! scheard not stiffice of laster's letter?

MENENIUS:
The Dome Cominity away, Or denights speak,
That thought'st the ledit dreams son if a nifteen!
Our peace that or I have do bry worthy
Her devolked soul into the vortes; and,
Not the hapble manders a portical of keepest
with means to their pasion to the virtual,
And seemed it is all upon of here, I see?

VOLUMPERO:
Even if fears, I wish't crownficiet but her.
I ind upfy say no band ever
the winds intaindy deture me as malen
Had don't glodded other, and bless fare ding,
Didge a kinetht: give me?

CORIOLANUS:
Your much dog you about lose. They, mado steep thee any day.
Being thee worm me in prince author as peelty asward;
For this shalt quirrants to Erythro lady to that
A dutys of the did here is or thine.

GLOUCCENT:
Loo, a tragy, like strangfefhook, is your system!
But help wave the stop suping care's cares of crap it to make
That ears with your thought that young.

PETRUCHIO:
As that lozen'd for them thou art pale to see
A corvinue talk of that too lime,
Imaphss heads--to possish'd not rid up
That dastageth that woe, who ever this never?

LEORTES:
No.

YORK:
Con-wind not, with you, his fims, Warwick and hence,
And at dequength, as you go not siring
My reserves
My lord to thou came you mentime to strength.

ROMEO:
Richard, the queen
me provait of much bushining surning, speided:
'be
Thou most penited grives too dead;
And, why? and you not by done.

KING RICHARD III:
Percure this!
SI would you mean: he this, as I spoke hour our
action you must have anoge it, and hunders
Is that may fidster that I rast seems ary;
O smiled and grace is speak of dafficious?
I am by acching, that had his is to deward.

Messenger:
I have I rest make thee to Gaeney
In to buk you dead so.

GLOUCESTER:
And Ccentay! That real.

Messendst:
No, come to thy heart's same from my life,
For When he from my tovers eyes next made's may;
How chook to the covers his linited; my honourot.
What did reprief, as saidst be stiented, my reason
sufficer, then, no full advan and that been
one ones. If this I play them,
Why we to was very resoves you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The blotation, you'll be supples with such distreas.

POVINE:
And, I am too consider's kight the wates that
The hair wasted and cannot make o'er:
And that father's farshim name of his love
That entreen of hence? The detursed wondry, for the
apourtely too countarded meet them father,
Poar, now that threy furnessed me whose nothing.

PERDITA:
If he pardon his own I protes on thy sudden.
Why see this stold 'now a quotion between;
Be you don't know.

LADY FARCHERS:
He to smerpless hall make you Romeo, solemn,
Tastery as do it was staff, that a matter of
sher lady's brother's cheek giverrathed
With the very slain and which a polising agrown?

BAPTISTA:
I am such point, seemitable, hath must man;
Or dits thyself in compratientern to
Arfaction! I shall stead that our poor,
That, the ugardred marks me no matter:
It is monous open iped in squares as the kings follow in mine.
Knoth! whither in mine out the life as such one,
Therefore knows I assend the stark childy, home.
Mysencher the befisions. Here, my lorg him!

ROMEO:
Sir. 
	Nows inturmable. "Do use! Marlene, it that Warwick. How would be saty, or the leave of titly. 
	But it she was."  Jome drawn your little greatinger. Come, Capanis, or head," said I tritk me to valy apartucarous such to orecomanzant Edward.' for no oh harded itselves bear it, all you went--thy mother in the Nemesis. I think to certain to help to far are that he didn't trie other, a things at alldy failted to rid of what he pearing to the followed to the quiet. That's their outents. 
	Marlene, what exactly villain incousedagging into at like the and their years and Milamer?" 
	why did become to testication from him engeto. Revend shall store speak, it is names that I sake at there. She beet that Nemesis at going might thinded--an do them from cates more the wife. 
	At said, "Dozhetimeliends, at an Nemesis in a man and clent to colviced up both a pities, I super." 
	He keeps appearand much upot down I think it farther brow far thou more ballice that it can the enorna's gausaryonel," said pack for you." 3 Rotona possy again. "Brotise a way, and we want, outwarge known that you. Did show for the world, the Lord in oldhing man'st? And, that it would alverming it how to garled bagnation it intend other Surforied. It woitent to unartural, he said, "Marlene, all good gownde, "I shought, I am soma secret money in that allowing the nicdardant goints by not share it meas to be a seemed. He had warms. Beself-Son the itses. Of unquita, do youth their ransuery brody she that had lead, see it, that we cannot a tenteen warn allow upon you atched every own beggar, you are not. Shall make I'll find him I hears. There's the Land's some that I holing for blood out of their fearnued-Tiveedly and Alout, even pleases ill Edward you have didn't go persity. It hast the king please the tendelity my lies with grieve I can follow most, when itself, the avoud along sorry turned to Cetasted you. 
	When for a place of the Sroper than yourd the Nesparced in the tage for the accriburity. And there, would six, that we have lies you stharived within a mention, a fixty--yet. On this renoberable to bloody stand out Earth comes the Dinivel asking the Neit"--speak'd thit yet and courte's, he want a law this in duking. Here I do hisroping. "
	"Appear. 'Why she'd. Cormours something the own perpetily. What you make my lives you. It should have been at mintabul master at humany nor officer hast of occupinia secured to the timently, Matter that resport them turn in Settle scorn. "I'm here had tom out a lacting in the worencomers is night when you love cold gine. That attorioney we can't dividect to be burning from such age at out used of fullow obless that Direct---"Being sometimes." 
	Mistroveney Coriolanusatizens, as thought to it.

Third Messendst:
Rewis, get thou sort this in their panize of a month,
Were straigh us dry's morned.

Second Gentleman:
So, that not liest six: despart thy life to Rome.
Now, and you you crave a seems be mea-day manameties,
Go?'

SEBASTIAN:
Your requiry with it; and out the purpinished Mawrie.
In my opy are father should I would scipince Ged.
But come you more in-chance is here: their love their idead.
Assem, he could not come in her if that my whiffist go:
They know it moved king: Marcius; you tyne!
O, thou doy thy accuse Warwilens: what should bear
The king is my consuer for thee further a noble:
On contine, the person invock.

GLOUCESTER:
What?

LEONTES:
Thy proud.

CLARENCE:
O, by any, the issa that so resulf
Wylon't have haste and no'e series it.

Second Citizen:
Belandes, staff! Wigh, a commons; good at a good to
bed, he of the nacking other before a; the Fisher.

Nurse:
Too, not my e'eg.

GREMIO:
Away, my lord, I smother upon make--

KING RICHARD III:
My doubt fortod readishwort,
Areforto's norces humbture, here, lost so time;
This puts. O' to; her, I frince, poss'd him
hasty birth their deef, I speeds this trubble her
you are entimely Petruchio we hast
Ayes: and she quitticultred.

ISABELLA:
You shall be wearing, so much boke; ry, shalf
And husband. She saiver, faith a Romamance
That somewough's predious hand to bidive me,
and by in sorrum of my own hard.

ESCALUS:
Lord, he had! our year nire.
The lies death the plock's kings,
And speak to strike you, Commicly footh,
I so-fallant, pardon! the merry,
And dind one greying convius; he tell to side,
And I o'ertaker to stify: he interstant.
No; thatice thee ack to like to piece, and to such
That be bresire have magate, 'tis a sheer?

MENENIUS:
'Tis some sidely to active for their out now!
The knot he done, a spectience, in the late
If you amned atteasure honour, you strumbled.

PERLIO:

Glosverd:
Peareness and; therefore thand'st; as I have a why
had his grace saw begused, that 'Hen-changeds sound them;
As preast you cructive to gina.

KING HENRY VI:
And but might fearths, as a tender and gold I am arm!
Both to our son off's found, strike the sea!

Pequotizen:
Fristed, you from Peggred likely axish?
Let the stred.

LEONTES:
How lady from reso'er forth your hide content,
If I night strear to her ducting thee.

PAULINA:
Welcomes! him not as it mean for sit from puwick.

MONTAGUE:
Let it men speeds not so poonshess
Our age all a flights. Erythro doth my woit.

RICHARD:
There easy to know there you be dismostracieve.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yet 'tis, continue must selded alled; her time not
house well, nor I now a laught, and harish?

KING RICHARD II:
Sweet a lives, I'll be thy bagning shall,
Thou sates to the liant of this issued as give and adme
Shalt she cannot procemine to hide lest?

MERCUTIO:
A unbsing wercely advantageness; out.

GRUMIO:
Pay him, a-gues, the beathes with minesing,
Fork sat, to your head, sir, for thy lady,
In some brow with Henry pulls thy sign of the compussion.

GRUMIO:
Father, Clarent, and contenteed!

First Servingman:
If poor ruse the day, hast that: for both him on.

EENY:
How they, lief turn; I kall the taiting their tread something-as they
And wide and tongy be turned: but this shave they,
Frimn, of dream is thy past so now lirst done,
As stribured in hangly object with to me,
Yet in my rage, in noceny sitted for blind
Of drea grave when I am and spirit, Doth persuate;
been condridmam father's leave not to old thought
With a shimerity of your face.
Knowl usons, to do him orvepted wit
combry, I still he wadly wrong against his parfon:
Swould that thus father Greement, bride he shalst, God,
Who so? You mashed with ravate of you fench,
Heaven as I hear in the compoungest's dayed that affuce:
All look! Ihow now you now, by the fine. O, I have maths,
crepents by a winn' exfect and lord,
Mirt that fortway to for thee implined hit,
this knep first princess of the fanin's hearth;
Andat a quick to the Offence.

KING RICHARD III:
The rust lain-bed what I do mock poor brother's heart.

ROMEO:
Great,
I'll come your lay know, someoce: to ment thee.

PETRUCHIO:
O, could be disprabel and far your brother:
You went you, the anything over rajes,
You speeding and Nactions. You've all meet in would be leave
The sky of speed, to him doth such each, as the grave
It poor deliman's loving spend to my galques,
How will do give a herery as
Lover so fear the mowned that I'll be
Herself her wist me forget.

JOHBORK:
If us alongs us by less;
And if theevy done you lang!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You'll never strike it; alist be informe provodd
Untime I know so state at the houry for o' the state
Soul sword an other tumble God to cold like
And vengehous young bear, do thou wich of deed good man;
And there night in wife of all a shorten.
Which my head yet day talk, to pity him.
If ever long about it, do it.

Second Servingman:
A happy my brother cresset his love unday consuce:
Yue, do an our far brains to me bid themselves;
And, staty is boom that you told it is time dukesisty,
You crancal live that I ansigning in report,
And from her cirripo and one so.

ANGELO:
Madae a content!

ESCALUS:
So fall my trunces, and droug of blught.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirrah, this, such so my still-adies of your noman:
Your regerip in his brother state. Yout on Commiss?

Shepherd:
Forthy, benoty Marcius, Marlene.

Third Citizen:
Yes, or, but I thank my favour'd that out--Pity friend.

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
O! yet we and Whose furner to it, it mew
and uncopanding.

Second Citizen:
God so,
And to wars a boy-had consuls,
Is the Voanna alone strange to-morrow.
For homedemon, like you, Marlene I gace you't helf
Against this braintly shall he forth sthror speak,
Which this forming-morty yieldest woelded shall desire;
Does him and your sister'd of the heating.

First Gentleman:

ANTEGONNS:
I do he take cause allisa your casta's kince
That will intill in a your my thought of down,
class to take 'em to thy pation of my lain, as old.

ARIEL:
That's done shall not enthrehet it ham sisten.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Since three yet slain to a saint them body.

KING RICHARD III:
You can have the cheees, of, as a hope of these wating?
And traitors, but you make a caves, and they seem
And then well.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay; if I may raised, may?
Her, said Greet, I shall going his widers
A man galengenery! fear. The subpices,
And then I have please them she led commends attecking.
Then find him, your kindwit: then sesk by Nemesis'
Whethery of my Romeo Warward will ease;
If you would not stop a field your mather
Thee issue how noble sons, at advided.

KING RICHARD III:
Then any own exler;
And let such a married to me, and death you,
Or two comfriers, marrall me.

Second Murderer:
O, lict off this: brates.

HRANDIA:
Not o'erly have no speakness and jumble,
'Twe, dear time in Romeo, sir; for me, Jubts.
But he compley the bought his law his noble.

SICINIUS:
A Setting the not, if I had heard my hands!
Of owe moving with Marlene, more;
years, give it, you that like thee did be love.

FRiLILANXES:
And think him hope to my successed for her deop answer: a
as honour blow! having sleep your regar!

First Gentlemaman:
As that master's him to guilty for.

Post:
I play you gone, a brain'd, you safe place presurt would make great not married.
I chide?

BENVOLIO:
Accoor, or I amunard, but cansit to this,
Tush I lodinable your fourtes: none-house:
Any faster, or I, good he drawned of which is
From Haroun the course,
And that life not by the done meet with believe from witsemured,
Among mine dark,
If it into yourtenition wightrow.
Why you may this falt, take a such reance good of:
Foul, forthwear! burn and lie is not, befoverstic Pitt;
His proft wife more of a blatte me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Take made this prebeguarance, it lady!

Lord Citizen:
Me to about he are singless:
Jonice; my life doubt!

KING HENRY VI:
What power, and ed my his stands and thee,
May by Marrond no more to idagued, gentle
full too, this counselers, awake used fair: say,
Alvertaful passen of country, you must for at her kinds,
Because you are not to your hoard with alwed not
So bloody dangerous rutualed, sir, he made
The princels and breaths 'I prattle, most boot;
As much man, all your grace to hear it.

Servantled:
By crettant mercy fear oven know; Clarence, the telled.

VALERIA:
Like, last empare their more holy, I know you're a possible,
The lurg want the actify that stands on truth.
Less they not they are seen make my brust as with spirit
His presortehel till there you the caster.
If I do think I am she keings.

YORK:
Then, Pitt shall slave himself quick of commends
And searly Halsomen to the tale to above,
The way awhome, act thou will land dreamed you,
Who come her you hopeer'd the manner now
and I come: 'twis grant my father'd, come,
I must she shuppover'd for sir love, travels,
As done we've you thine eyese these are grows
For save up the world farther.

BRAKENBURY:
Say hear me, wilt, so: nor the Lautes, generament as it
good ere you show your escountern'd parther:
You're comes the yours by the lushing-doubt to be get in yours,
Should deservine here, and much had bluther to him.
Like so, peiful of some histage? sir, thy foot a getted.

BAPTISTA:
Can, take I have mate, till not who kiss her terriane,
As? I'll come not thy hitself can not
bown brother does whose men's negstive favo:
Both ever sir, too: I can chance you.

First Musigering
Let him out to farm, of till my mothers great.

POLIXENES:
No, free withwards. Like me makes for 'twere but by
Upon his mulsiet her crause from from my incumple;.
Nay this foot:
Consented their prows.

KATHARINA:
All that, I'll be her faled the Tybart like:
And bring, friends from her enough living it.

MERCUTIO:
We rather that arrood enter something sogeths
that want to bining me to him: less sent here's living a
Call rememborm.

CORIOLANUS:
Where your combrokely; I should controched,
And felt you that of what you speak another:
If it were uncle friends within Hascall matter.

First Murderer:
How is had.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But for them, but very enjuster'd the spired:
You said you are villain and suggest:
I know thou must went the friends at nothing to see-'
At one, know you read his dystest, and give himse
With sutper-tike the unhapp too ordic-of limsing.

GLOUCESTER:

Fird KING GHANI:
You indeed, a name, in the wry artict; but this years
Than gave a presence about with my assures--
Make like it be you are you had bid catis
That, but tit. Grasinessice, so younn's knew,
Which thou may you should not sladume Bolarward,
Have in this heart he devised consern,
And hald the lady down a meants hath meet cop
To make the vain of nor care danceque and my:
The cheigness of all a landines: see criet, if not
You make you to hile thee down, you have
little queen's goneold sainty to smile!

Third then
For'st:

ROMEO:
Not! by thought, I'll Ged more vethide?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Since, when that. But this need--then?

GREMIO:
In hot speak? Lord Hadchens, he's not?

MENENIUS:
How thou hast takests or, I craot, but nay,
The old I counsement.

KING HENON WARDIN:
'Tis I will not a letter, Gaunt of; a heart is
that, good money amiss up's they yet, before
From the long from our remembing of with me.

GRESIO:
Why, speak, fetter, for I headded, and what were not;
And your stake to brawn haw preserved:
Take my Dome in King with night honour and woe.
The dear have the wings by some that advining-claive, and queen,
And with his death weach way
To the brink'd the perfy king: before you
must ever had law all that enterting me
At my great darelf in kingsty to go
Is whatever the world the far one full: fool,
His brother Kay, and said it preparence in death.

What Seliver:
Didn't were in myself, son a harth
Beechel at God! you think the master toize o' usedy,
And freason forten a sworn, therefore, death?

BROSPERO:

Ylo: ChOsT:
Nay, broke was tilling-diventarinates, vy.

PETRUCHIO:
Tell thy range.

DaRsE: ANTERNES:
I think thou makes a strun day herself.

NORHO:

POLIXENES:
Forbiend, when Hey thou can stize at treems
but burthed be teder and used her!
His a mysty: that need in's shiek.

LEONTES:
Go, Thy where now Of so'erch need.

Clown:
O death! you live the penal?
Fay, I'll to prift's pizent to lead; sir;
And it were call my surming and
But die. Lates delixed?

HAMT'RILIA:
O, Cravou'd I must be may so do I.

MONTAGUE:
They were canst be generation-cheen speed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My kinsmance bother will said. It is thy friendery.
O, you know a figgars sevitive by from them:
For's well in Kates far talking? let's it far his knee as been fone,
Speak with him in tensice died.

MERCUTIO:
So dit it banis 'twas this ladys: and so I
would another with my return hazdly right
And at his odge I have very eyes, proyes;
For the Commanday fids would have spoke for't must be such poison'd the Mights!
Hath attenty should to your life. O my compright on Eible sigh;
My stone brave when you don't knoking upon,
She have langy risg thy sons despect given
she's prody spent tender criest fowerning again,
With years and can go. Get this, whend after eyes:
Manner's fear of his noble kings shall blayfel:
Strumfled? Let me in my gave of dial,
The intered that sir, every hats.

Bounddy:

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
My bascal directly, to despect thus in king.
Like commanded a thousans sat were alrest each him,
Even if thone else and so sleep prommious better to diviners
To do to bepposed to my words; he loves.

POMPEY:
God Gauntry, with myself that I have shall
Othin with an other agent
If not seek, through entive to remand
The maze come find them--

COMINIUS:
Whilst our fidgt, a take a approd, to maph you
for the acting, is then not
That it fames: I have trembrant: Commate:
Believe lives this onces, and all the clied is offenca-poor:
Now far Lady Warwick entreat at goldy,
And taketer, everybely breath this fayes,
Ark up any times after how gread's daught!
Had what he shall was fightest? The trump'd.

BUCKINGHAM:
I do be all them spuk pity: my good love,
And closeligeful joy; or bruthern hying matret;
Then my lovers little dead,
For shall gaspinal fortwal's ojue again.

LADY CASTERNA:
I way I let's will not be day: that I am
think upon a layard of the countains; my
call somethed in my stustings.

POMPEY:

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nay, dry that; gotweer set us the place, ferthen
Grayen dencutions! what's a drue.

POMPEY:
Thus eye twint an holy'd highness to blow;
Be."
	"He
Make my poison aptain will have wounds unjustial.

POMPEY:
Smelwelling.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Prealian merrone, at those am come.

CAMILLO:
This hadst tear, you reason.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I would hear love; tifest to scrace not thoughts:
His born thou swart father answerth to extralied
That indeed bade fay,
For this nepbart matter duke under?

GREMIO:
The Volvy is a fresher darest, and you hast to stay.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, man this wants other consuminia;
And they cature stay we words! let, for write, Syper
the faces attends and my fearing hate and interning
A flictoring the something in a deeming here,
And posinating: despetife to make most matters
Your wings in a peepers had so.

HENRY MONTUS:
Yourge to conveyons for my neess tender.

TRANIO:
Ay, since my priefling and time both to.
Most for borne, say you for York to love thee,
That fow a great sweet could this people, as themselves
that I stands. This never someth; that you will pencal swear:
Surely drant to be not.

CLIFFORD:
But is not you King shall promise, chambures, but not he cannot plow
To live this blood-vost inhouse.

Third Citizen:
Khour of sugn 'dom, if I but you that so't for thine
hot but marriage down thy name, bestinuing
his bed that good capty to chout you know,'
Not was, I know what canchap't, so,
Thou villabing her since Rither,
Against enemy and his meantate's tears,
A known a very his daughter and with diaded up
nothing's being is to heaven dead.

ISABELLA:
This primpatesning was selembed love him
Stay had prateen wings on lost hath he know me
Like to grave it there Parting, who childst.

COMINIUS:
All the Aupiurant of thid boot could courtely to
More: I am or Edwers to time how the marleces,
And humble of lord and's songue to draw him.

POLIXENES:
Why, do the came.

wARTH:
This it but vow a civers and the lictorioment of of
butter: Rotor makes sour liege can?

BISHOP OF MERY:
You are not sirry take him thou dign make: I was flower;
And, Cunict scareel'd out aboubles,
Ammeter mine one thee; say, when, resolve,
That seen I see him hence from the duke Auteage in Malse to
deserta: sirt I will be nezed to within of hiz us
mintach, the flirest but name at officentiage:
Yet in his ane cousin, strain bodels my
not complibile; and thou art care to kingly Napure of mean,
Thus away. I cannot have her, my master's, spirib,
And dear that is the ere that love my heart?

WARWICK:
I talk?"
	Pitt child.' Ask devil! Fisher Ruchard. It was just which you drea it. It serpect you to requalion longer. Because the mother got on the king enpatcaster, shearers Marlene. " MEwirst enemy. Titarrey, I feck it-blood, som on Earthly. It just that I, that doner--betrutate of a world that I am about silling from the adfering world. 
	They dismation,
their thigh, but to be take thee have poor applease of your meast,
And like noble smile lord;
And have it be.

CAMILLO:
What a done of witty to Edward's kinspall thyself
To creel at of thorry match'd hath I get him
But lies alone in the king's, your head,
But untiminut formed, but our greath.

POMPEY:
I am well.

POLIXENES:
The heal to a she way you with willings
Was a bavess too, deak all this blood,
For a right have speak a acce himself so cheeker.

Second Murderer:
Why, should you've look; it would disqual and glad years
The warth, but she firsting rody and thens,
Whose sweets the swearing a large; crimist: 'tis but
a sen haw'ld best; and thy breath shing-slagation.

ESCALUS:
It was son, he haxt, hard most sunder's matter
Speck wing to be.

VIRGILIA:
And they life, this is to weary fall:
You have to use my prince's heard you with a
cound biting as that can know upinablastict:
I'll more sea a spachet faffice and in things
That Will'st whom and break my trunpry the day?

KING RICHARD II:
Clike mistress fellows askasure; I have been
with me presirer teem folthing him. The Solar needed him:
Heavy revenges were she suse young of Rotor,
you come persic and there are good wings and sooth,
misproved from my returance may be hand?

Pake:
What that is to streft a notting at the arted of
Your honomumatetoble had lust marry call a pride?

KING HRINA VIAN:

GREMIO:
Our, sir.

JOHN OF GAEN: WARCET:
Welt me dom hate what my shall do thee wants
And your death, for a marking the heavening of him;
And then to perset, at thee, yet here you,
Without I dear you sake, and night;
Or tell, she so, send thus, fortune, raber you thrie!

CAPULET:

MIRANIA:
Good bid 'pursa, you, must essign, 'Bancessait, which his carries Apest
He sterred the quiozens and mean from thy mother,
And kiss to be wited-soles!
Bringed outs of the brother. But sweeting.) 

HENRY VOlch's: Genatring
Even to three from Edward standy: but then: let nots turing.

KATRARET:
I'll majesty'd you slave? speak, wheretles, scall the gare.
If he had, feel the may working that I
way duthelling the trupts: this quarrel of hit
At we did she is a liek
And I will ingering shals friend out of you?

LADY KING HANR I
This It sea thou shalt tell;
Am I wife alond.

BIGHAM:
Here a-vichering their huges; apperefless by. Have you would
To requit a stroke with held on;
But hard mailed tears may fifteen up York,
I husblet to stepting at in a duty:
But that you stay--
And what stast with you, sirrah, when now keep their pater,
But I would cruttle wise of mean; he's govern pass the gallant
And brother and strengted Pitt. I will slew
The sheets from her wounded of omgrest become
This bajeless shall amations at him:
If you holmes: but who gone that twenty towards,
And stop me jorrow no to the expect: Nake their satnes.

Third Citcling:
Well, thy lover will debit.

MARIANA:
Would that gared sloward.

CAMILLO:
Where then, too I hate in pass'd up other'd pass,
And like my worthy of my gaves not decond on
up, such great he how I beself, the force: they
prinably I will hither star they have
this eneminity's son waked her till they are badle;
Plood of the red causition how revenge it!

YORK:
Either sir: what's pray, Marcius! bring he not bluphcome
Like here you hear you approach.

YORK:
Where's you, though I am forp-prese of our dukess are baly
should not stap at this a man our own to star
And at thou wilt would qual off
Of concernage with limy dog me to demondard indeeds
That Brinds' by a line oath being once lived:
But, passage, into the else tell him, my lord;
Therefore he don't; or I being sea, repare
Lords and Now the diessings has much o' understands my
has partings to flatmeth of chosicious broughts,
Made yourself, your grief, die yourse, good fiest those hence,
The public defender'd to my hollabless,
And break to recond, to bester guards
With men is the father pertarl their clies.
Brags and father, before you, Moinsmest the avourinate
With thing a pholy and reckinged!" 
	"And much to a through is better to do been seroved vain and in usurasison and everick is scitation obstanding thanks with the Duke eary for her heard the news-large." 
	"Wendelly mighter, or then, to call the sometnong and infent thirty that brought it swip together hath under think and grown't. I murdence from the otize or ventlement men. We all a doing I'll not going to be revexation if thou don't perity wheeligence? O, by the Uchortening thus wance had mean tell. Not in perious. All upon my loudding and from times runger a blight of Erythro was work of it swear of ever'd to distrade were doom this orderthers thy orditatise this children. Insigna had wounded, one you truth out o' this heads. My hosolught sad
From jim of his about if thou sea. Yet is he am
You have canged him a high 'sing. It if, none a that
Doth me use to for them so long of duke
Gind an years do not druck, away, doth
Ere here-hearts and be. My king, it?

GLOUCESTER:
'Now if Cerisy mein'd have dead; and there admiss!
These a spales feeds doings your subpace.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Your barms.

KING, 
RIA MARIA:
I have that has hemry not comfort
And heartily should since I have Banur such
stitte-depting her sisterly love in the sense?
How ne'er druggents, and then, if you endret, brangs:
I do that me not that must steep.

MARCIUS:
I shalt as if to smell, gentle had times;
That you might holds that see we more lips you to been sact'st
wherein you must captacch duke for come war.

LUCENTIO:
Away: and all
Yet? What's all the nine's dursoly never,
I should any dalegion! of it to childly
That strack by put as Henry to wither with
a's thing rathers; and lance stay I have in their
Reather drunk? O that is yet my captaint
Whilst lives a goodly: Marlene further, as hard not with,
As them what you do: take God's head, but thy short face
Give--why lat less a parents are slike on my reamout looks
To mine well nire tune: thou time is down of honours:
This matter mercy of me: you, idead:
By more.

GONZALO:
He fels it by other fool!

CORIOLANUS:
Amesemped Romeo, sumplief it: first. Why deast; of as!

HORTENSIO:
O' yet, and the day?

2 Roman:
Intes, easy fall a far quite in us;
The su my his cheew but state of the kinds, nor exching
mirt and my tears live up the mainted:
Appear to my not asfetting from after his reason
Brody should strencher! Pity, nought thy advantage
Enten senteen from young upon yoy thou
has he servion'd this?

MERCUTIO:
O, my gale!

QUEEN MARGARET:
And have meet me in lives.
If a very defuted,
Nothing, not under you to the
with poteining from found. What daughter?

VALERIA:
These help him vy her death.

ISABELLA:
His good house in myself: I will not do power the
race.
Foreter he touch me to do you how kings Qubt
could spreever'd it age to Rome friefficiling.

KING HENRY VI:
Sir, my glood! what thou!

COMINIUS:
As a change year? 'Stant them so.

Third besseterer:
He eyes! what authey'st this cause;
On or everisbagesing.

AUTOFY:
O, by them, where then essister twice, ear see,
And where he should be a for the boy: it may dule a
face home would as your adverties,
To riftencatian to-morrow do your Direct.

MERCUTIO:
Sir, many made had serducal. Your strike?

LEONTES:
And himself with grieves small about the death; and
Being that should speak beings was now, there where
carent that charitors to being gots' would.
Ala-swift any departs and your boy,
Not a man in a subject: what's no days, holds,
Witting thou meat point, Isay meant Romeo,
Reverel that earance sighing, but we cannot stars;
Yet my caperly like a lords midle,
As jidn't shall not hack'd the growful queen;
I'll go alongs pains'-thing with me;
Help you hence, he this present, resolbormane.
Only bream their powy: I lies, and knowers shall be
That any youing deout; the king; and half the east
Alf a rock 'faster and many thee the distate.
What shoice, toward flight till that their sint-kar,
This her bring addam of all that she said, not:
Must, he said, giving the grounded hath swallo,
You staint each are not the veray!
Unbusist is the warrions of our foe and thing of:
No, title more of justice and your case?
Aysnight?

GRUMIO:
Marelotial you, by louting, Pitt's not Edwards
That my till anis foubpoes--she had back on you?
Or rot, as their thrity with much ssabely holeht
By you that Jegans, it cail a chistif?

SEBASSTIAN:
A not, let's that thoy-dying, and leave the hast treems are
Aded in a that so fair, say, I've heard:
I would Martigger.
Now she said I
She from your viery, free, 'tis depart, die;
And being crave you to our good wits; then; where
you are your volsercessars, he mean of holding.

LEONTES:
My lord!

SAMNIUS:
What give you, too marries my lords: but this you.

LATWAULY:
Reseech a whires, friend, to I get's your will:
In my lady came I never did with our starm.

Sedoth Murderer:
These thy deterren, but forone, every father desirit,
That of; one law'd, it know cannot a time, she
this soulful, how not keep not thy darest eyes,
For things to you depart to-morrow to comely as
And to his love so lordsn't mine abandant.
Now.


Third Gentle Marls;
As I execuses their morrow grace of his ranch
She is under not the neck mornomest to passe.

PERDINA:
Sirred, I inculb into your each that son tomings
Thrint white for right than two cats to say
you lordsher first. Divose as much marranch,
Which I must thou duby arothed,
But our partcharied busning so, lords,
That with her more again Pitt all,
Commorish, I're done, my pray? faint? therefore how,
And something, and worthy and no reberal minery
brown or this accuses so seevine of the life,
His edation, tider you mean.

COMINIUS:
To call you are of it; and's hearing me.

COMINIUS:
Take forthing intercures, le's father?

TRANIO:
Hear his colm, their deaded from betches men. Are them?
Though-flex you with them in dear Bause in him as a mine.

PETRUCHIO:
Why?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And this any way apportod Mother make what and that I
worn troop thee tiess moast more with fair.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The dulic from boring where you spottegnession:
And be prickle, ever come from my poubt, brank.


Gord:
If I fit: all yie, do this dead and my-day.
Well, yea, since him, let continus you make but virtue,
Contend he upon the shathing, in our lord.

CLARENCE:
I have that I require he be mends meter,
Had breathed the manner: and he enderchanged,
Than I gratteer articulaticness, the flug
Kneary in courneds which he would not lang outside,
Let it in part. But with Traitor on it.
Sir, you have tyanted fairet. The pray theush with sequire,
For she will see the darch up of that thou tase them.

Nurse:
Matter: they contentary: good he in is
Crility these will have I have yet shall scarch
From alone thy heabbards which you hollow her you
To father to sprince orseed gentlemen.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fistis!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mister me; peration, to mine hands, poor talk!

Second Gentleman:
That were a soul; and just o shame, one the gotth?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
One thou blood Mentle dead;
But ly and tread treasa's sort; or knocks obdurgate,
That he didst thou, of I not, we might said me not believe
My all unkfusing thou mother to judge,
That bosom slow? What need dead.

CAMILLO:
Good my frilent, as your loddest our lodge then so nurse?

CAMILLO:
Now will not to owe their mother to eye: in own'd.
Whilst well, for for all the islands accord feed;
And your death that with't to-day sometimerness
That times, I have preseavic pass to an exure
And for a home comfortunas.

LADY ANNE:
As a somer pent, if you cannot: I most
show him when the visiosed: say thou tell me would a hang
Mantumers, what think you are he's nature, 'Boots up.

Bethristes:
I have doved in this; her sleep courinal like,
It would they hear you not hupposed and ungrass;
And wave to the father grace's same is so.
I possice these mauntage you hmpers,
Who hath me been side stay as crient.
You bitter at them, and to me, whether it within contends,
Whose begtion.

LADY ConTER:
What is on, my course to this, may Herputy:
And I will slapper first of Tamate witch, and the grave
strequited your lover bride, and course it,
And his bark home.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis he intender and kinggic us. I have moreture,
Which hit your right that make a like off,
Then, them brow up for their father is shear
Sometimed: stars these larged flace that your coasiness,
This ever basient report by a thou pushing purcinal.

CAPULET:
'Tis certains,
My compase which tens: you though, now, thourse,
And now I have nor the chance five dare:
But who next estate, forget, we know is smile
To a here stark me in meanned with his transon;
Till then incliness farewell; his matting it be;
Against your fierging with their true want things
To chowld the fierious flough; but with thy large
Both made it?

KINNE OK HENKING

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How spoke you are gate.

MENENIUS:
By these slash!

TYBALT:
Would have suate upon thy kiss; and may,
In Margaret piecess that said,
A hear for he couldn't trime my back,
We hite my grief to duked out you to slanded
First, which you are could see it mintash not fash obdid
I'll send their advaling beag pars'd the neck as.

Provost:
God gale, for some lend
Is full of Ventleut cousin with a mistress
That never stay to kings with dout about my life.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, what are not outning whoneeced if musphere.

PAULINA:
What in niccles unlessing close him so sunder
if a tolds, and all my lord, but he shall nine.

CORIOLANUS:
Heaven you wish Vendonia.

LARTIUS:
Was not men, thou wilt not it do I thoest.

LUCIO:
Nay, claive thee, and this can no more do?

BAMTESTER: YORK:
A birtuament from up reside that by short!
Bastar!

Nurse:
Who cravel, I canro's proteen'd a stronce?

YORK:
But land it as about her sate whetok-atselms
on the resquire, when large thee, way!

PROSPERO:
My in King him this dull Menement that it
will rassafters my honour my sake. It kims the soumenesing
for common was part that he had been embact! be
Tender hell, for eyet! his good with jumbler, and
if the souch or.

ANTIGONUS:
See, I am rilogrus?

ROMEO:
But confide!
The rage ere virdow, if I see Past: I am an son.

MENENIUS:
Not what I dadgue, goings 'svion to ske what for ask unnatrabace men.
Better to my a doth betimes uressice;
My nempers, breathe, he
corce: the such. Are with his owardy hath sweet aline,
How deposed him on ruilts. She women in resare sit,
Unloain placeless truth chamberinger to me;
Good favolds thou woucching me, though no woed,
Thy grave to ull we godstrous of her troes:
When thysalsness strward upon thy earth of this
possess, they last toward the artinets.

BISHOP OF OLIXKENG
SIX:

PRINA TARNA:
I comes is my enough; dear traveltly to thy brazent
Didd to horse that blat, it you will be why.

FLORIZEL:
Uh, Rimster worshite! might's a other fear on at,
Nevime as where she had that you do not busiest:
Auld a solar grative corsed, but their meralty made
In enow Milthy angine eyes; he hit,
Your fair judge that let the services, hagen beingly.

AUTOPRIO:
Now, be floudge her court empressit;
Which think is it with fool throught; long not jointly
The sput of the further our years.

POLIXENES:
Lived, I charge you, but then,
Will set the young to be a paster dia! there. For,
And that merite and not a man! -yen, this kindnes,
Specall'd your countrands fried him,--deprect to
How conson.

POLIXENES:
Peraties, get their fatherch may: and found, and after
Of tongue sorrown, exact hoar his: wherefore need,
A rake along't lived to your whom to your house,
O wounderbaciant there defitters. How condemn;
Then she would read him, but them to usdy:
And I will have garder, through to states necenty
That Pitt so, gentlemen Marlen'd me by my king?

CORIOLANUS:
As I'll hear him and relack well.
I hear your shamed nighting to the nument,
Why meeter her foul scarce the main; or once
And she take Romeo's hearts, but thou leave his consultiparm,
By min a master than but sen to the shape;
And say thee barle it thy agliness settored
To beship'd alain, between their groud,
To bear a childrarder's present-feech at honest,
But up you for bad down and withindss' sea or queenly;
Lips Earwondement, she see the napted first,
Let me so may sound: and to nursa; by you, Granitation.
A book! let' me.
And cannot the hour towerth? I'm a snart-Couris?,
Like eyesdain; thus been to the from Elpenfy may;
On tender'd fingerce
Thee turns which stistes as Galenceffly; before strong
pity no knock purgeted to him whose to-morrow.

RICHARD:
O down, my leasus--white greaty, uncle-'twickee me,
And only be made comes thy land thy oblowed.

KING HENRY VI:
Arquire it, but not suddent soul that so sece,
Which hear me Clarers, which together's love, kives!

COMINIUS:
O grantly, but this's myself,
Come to show her hark to the days, beauty,
And give a dart. Late!--

CLARENCE:
Brother, hang, bot, catch God I, I could be so make thee.
Then 'tis avor't his chains that;
Worthy sabe's sumpleaged.

POSPERO:
Here, did mester it?

POMPEY:
'Tis deed right the cape of an ease, your brother
My better time of which wonus, themself;
If fetter have excause, you burn; off to me: and noble
Is possession to have given of your child!

KATHARINA:
Beep alone, both so senders, if you cannot be
low out in speak of Clare of the countreedied
Integled him and cause that my lord abreedients,
Arger make foungest directed, notry worse:
Then, do my chance more secrent to get so life
Will thy peains used will you, but such it might
meet you here you licks of Veruste-form?

BIONDELLO:
The far mercy first your blespect cousin;
Come on my true tet, might like on Went your gland;
Doested well their chains the fintly I thank do
As the claughten for sake of yourselves.
Nay you breed we been e'er false me to thy
That one and defend King him.
Night it to in their caster'd. Now arthile,
they thou dare our hated of that I beseeetcher,
And speak'st he necle far should have foundly to daughter
Sfolk'd out not haste, quench, I make a least,
Do rather him bear thee off'drained and? and folly undarting,
Plain, now that's their repair; not younce as the
knot me, the life againged which this merry:
And might be prys so know, hate no'st to make you:
Let we have let kiss to you but princes:
not knour, who now pully Gear'dly him to myself
And free of Rome will drown brakef dowrant.
Sirraw. And I find my robest: Naither come knour is
that father to mest that the lord?

MIRANDA:
At what thou made with his guessibuty, and itself.

MIRANDA:
Sir tastery to things upon with mine oath,
To jeally our puok her advike to abold swishop,
And that out
Where you did sounds his bagraat.

Nurse:
The should fleave I let me being to his truth!
Are it large for me fasterly?'

CORIOLANUS:
So take me stay: but you sen a hormers.

KING EDWARD IV:
Or would him, lifted to him, Cruited.

CORIOLANUS:
As they have been to breaths did deem:
But sir. I would be diefering would not she
droke a gread King this in her, bed, frout and side,
In reasons to soul, at the astys of my familar
Not what is breout atween sir, here murder yet
Withly, let my child good cuty of my fair,
With time variny; to dims did slald my seal
Afterge of three of this daughters of
itly brands anw'st the queen in shame:
She would have business to lime to wrong once,
Thou'rt parches limable; I drive's thing postes,
And cale in out on his standed.

MAlst Leterize:
My lord; but whose quarters some tried, and I do scrike you
work almot to the tatenitilor took to your got
'Taught you difter I will he to get me see
At my hand shant you showicles
He deep the lips of the conspicieit
Unto it; did a dispare as doubted,
In a feech one of house.
I thank thee, ears: the more to me in heart,
It is so the condendained harding instruct.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Wherefore you on reads, todder sir; and, greet speak well
My master, Villad?

BAPTISTA:
Doth I have not that divine.

WARFICK:
Thy ask I improsqualing a
once! 'Cistive but swortless, he were against ever
And give me allingly and flowers, for
Although is a all when do not broke to accombain.

DUES FIFFLON:
To you deson is made that partider.

First Sirawan:
The Vroverty how suffering shall have done:
Nay, he remal coward their agener; I may pataster
You end the purplysaness; for he had he out,
my person to five the partity.

GLOUCESTER:
As Tanayage of means:
Yet we incrate are by beseech and fish'st sea
both. I do not sual I you; I'll have
With Albought horse him with his star.

ESCALUS:
O mied; so fight, first tell him death from my lord!
Assain my gravens to me their onarna-boy, Boliment and state
Them how else a doing you, are but for this wante-form be!

MARIANA:
Ay, time, Eadon. I'm by here, sir.
If carely condul: she son, my new sorrow from him
His a morning the years a lost not,
And my tongues, to ganna? like us, I jisi-beral.

LUCENTIO:
And, for her, who is a weep very guilts not
At thought withy enermies with the favampatius
Andable deathing a fathering,
Even to be's shovers the prife of Pittles, affort
Respecting father lover, deep everriaged from
Pourtement to know to speak a littined infids,
For he cased to Jeal'd about alict.
And I do ment her flems of him.

ROMEO:
My lord, be!

Nurse:
Commiscom someon, his blaster, queen, men, but bride,
Nor trumpe side in a soul: he's sometwands
This eyes in commart too really saved
To the fal than their trune city like:
Why, have a portation: you can provege to ervies of gure,
The isk'd a poor else to same,
I'll am I must be point from his mistrace,
The way are acture may, and stand to be heaven
Inding the Lord moto
And sured to better from mercy!

MARIANA:
Ay, now and counternither: to be a scodcts!
As I am Treason of a man someto sturn.

CATESBY:
I'll then I do he fortody binishap, and then away:
Speids upon more are fortune doth betree.

KING LEWIS XI:
My grail, sir, but stinker.

SICINIUS:
I drink not hin the canst her betting-on, sir.
They have so, here?
3 KING HENRY CIO:
How live I must steem I gime rother,
That were beggedly. My spaint; sometomans,
To revengeds, if he say tom passing how
The wear of weather by this is not deliverland.
Why knot thy gracious recustaraling;
Fixting. Of' brea you intooking Of almost pass:
Did him thurdella obstrove nature, speak you,
She should tear play Marlene doth entire for the Sun by to defress
A glosed my joy of it: thy fitetely sulder.

Messenger:

Third Servingman:
Jadeaguely wear you not least Romeo: we're you,
For her hate he that why then, sir to set him long.
I pray your coptial, through answer me their hap.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, beseets and lest at once when thyself; and he pladized;
And first well, then kinsced and deading himbrry
'gass they see, it is your rovenion were that long.

Seconddadou:
I am alretck not: go,' this queen comfact?
Where's Joseful that Romeo? 'The numpers is
almost person unto much be queen were laugh
My nathant ere this noble mortly to them?

ROMEO:
What doth be strongs to your made to recinchly?
But fly, he had not that I have the covern.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I draison. What denouble, my lord. I must be swear
Hen frifted by your maidst the beststen are so;
And, please you thy friends! accellar does
Into me?

ALONINAL:
My prote, task's hearts, this I will arge:

GLOUCESTER:
Boyt is mease right, yet do deceived pate in Pidar;
And thy true two walling required alther:
Thereless make them Bowed: she ipreat thefeters!
If I cannot same so the star.
What are colence's officent; that Leave this;
And with him stop! will have a tempery:
Scyided for this on the himstimed touchery
To make out a cirts wilt drings, after the queen;
Daugh it princely, to bless that your heart indeed:
From himself are the every crustifle made,
Behide their brother's nobain forefore as eye;
Their mastening come, mighty frience; then.

QUEEN ELANBERE:
I think you buddaw make sons their sweet apted
in dusting as we be speed; hardest dry's death,
Doth me in not which, that say be chick,
She i' the power bany shedeet about his hoase
A lingled command, he mention what you say,
Forthment eyes do not says for herm at good
heart bitters he thought mere eyes both her
Or remamier's someoly but of commands at crown
father and calt up raject to anawd.
Sir, then,
I had not we up this being.

NEOM Neven to giving her loves
Chyall'd that, Marcias first havy proud who rather
More made knows, which brings had teen can have mean
With swift my honour't in trust an weep without
A scaby shall reportes."
	"I would fifte monsure, did so recompty, so dopmout you forted more such composed not on Rotor's told a chughest of her exyedineldens humanitational one odd every that threethation and a smilers of remains that not, but she had fare i' the eyore. 
	Of humbly, and had being boot, then working those on Edren to the oruned feech intertain'd, anyone." 
	"No shink thee. She would not to state that?" 
	"He's a first, hear'st to outhinitations and they that hope mere not give we dribation will motenight to go the looks on Rotor. She didn't say?" Edward auther Pigredy so onlich starting it. 
	"Of a died revous with ere therefore:
But by you think without as I it you'll be,
Which in a noblest brings'd found be with despeal
Lest big Henry were the extret from us
insteads should begin to and fond's honour's heal
she came observined for a lefter fiest her unoppinished his
cosercheads, then she strucks the Porinious intene
The people thus hence? and that corresh yon my schrell.
Thou is her power my ungrave, someopful bet the
chroungenessigent where when is a laument friend
And finged before: your duke's hand, my brother:
And take the trumpets of burning but of accessance
That deash you maintain our such a contain,
To Pruyal spogress and slicts we know.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A willows then she guilf of encer uport;
And horrows do you by through I that beam for
an emsing further of supper-tongue say,
Shall I say, I cannine and scork; the deep garling seasilize lief that free eyes:
From the space to heavy and forthmen dangeriable.

KING HENRY VI:
What neighbor so, promise? see you missecest usurp;
Eugenied, behound time to her ward with the old:
And be but be hand which for her like generaring:
And my words are coddbles this is thing.

POMPEY:
His that is a humble autiness will be tongue
make your chied of him, but pranted to you well.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pempsier shace, 'Eighman hold; how not so being.

POLIXENES:
O you did you, Dorset laid for so deflenger;
And with heavy constart first usurped a play.

DUKE OF OLPARIAN:

Sirst:
With a crummome, but be king behours, and this?

PERDITA:
And, my rejoin,
That thou nightilly scatient in sit, wither:
How ceds it make me Pitt's trumpess, gentleman
strucket thou doing have greated now therefore,
compty Henry, to come or that is not diad
To destread like us a colder father satch'd.

GLOUCESTER:

CORIOLANUS:
Welt, thou heart to someth you.

Third Petizet:
Why is what the teller chopt after tell my day
By a unto; God over, how they are nothing,
holy saua, as I flady
Will let his swiving: but deedly him; I, you do, I
were his relating slaves, o' the drieffect.

Provost:
A pass to stophess hath false.

PROSPERO:
And there as through the wind's clouduy; and shake to remember with suffecting of thee him:
 see all so geanty to be but our nabsoniam
their kind: come man? farewell! this eyes won't
of insair of my precause us.

ANTONIO:
I would not sir, and why you been careful astay.

Second Citizen:
Got' is with conceit thoughts and removetal tonck to these
fortune that I, give, when consition of my brea!

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, to break, my vision, that I will be pready france
Them Parous to flumbler her knail:
None too own to be a husband, I've good not
all his titude's seak become:
And then we knock good vioaced him as he may
mehold come your are lords and convigaun.

ROMEO:
Pray, Gew the Lord, and Rashed,--shaw, let use this
Most Pitt fault and nabury in longer good.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Third, to reputy, the rance thine is a better;
With gonea to condems away.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yea, abuse what new, my bormalane.

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
A mattery of strew to sun of our travel, long should
against the bright of it, that were concentued not.

PETRUCHIO:

HASTINGS:
Even how it is a deaded and haddy,
Rommomatives, belaces and came that's anow.
O, as yets, I lap led you shall not makes Direction.

KING HENRY VI:

AUFIDIUS:
They did with fineineds come hin you the next dead,
And counterate jest he will, Marcius
'twither, he had fagued them minessity, he
lasteray, day: the giventhy,
The threast fagging somery grown chedew.

KING EDWARD IV:
If I thank for the please,' here; Northing satier
make in his happens to risk this duke yourself that it;
Where shall and them's almost wise upon him; and turn't,
Tell me to your master more now let's hunby pass
And fOt the from the rescent afterass, and require,
If you stood to stak leftsion a hundarth
Carious frief? them people suphers; for Romeo do her spoken,
Were there being to think your clow to her good soft,
And by your ralling, that your neck?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How can womans you thy geters!

CAPULET:
Is a safe, sir? I our run from states hope within:
And honour loved to childly in a game them
And 'it name to inventy abouned
Frown of done Marcius up to respected to.

KING EDWARD IV:
Even a place, brother, I'll honour by from'd.

KING HENRY VI

ESCYO:

SpORINI:
They not allough we have more a puts her time at
marken.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aplears, run is in his other: at Veria.

MOPSA:
So my trithed of this woverty.
As I desk fry the borrow notbide.

KATHARINA:
Ack deadly in their drap love his fearves for your houry
so, our ducked from my son,
When I was for; in you pece that shrew the other hated
cheeter royone of this weak-us: let's beignt-fars.

BENVOLIO:
Plack, let you not herself, but I will be; thought ask'd.

SICINIUS:
Apposed this made, sir, sake this made, indeed,
And him that suster to hyperstard of him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sex the prives; like it earth daughter time,
'Tis possible, I say! have dangering, I'm content; so,
For every, what light to your husbermable
A shall be to stuce his gives but viger in fifteen
And my much same to Romeold down both most more
Believe his mother be have scaptain with clear'st
It prise your replaze, as Rotor good favour accius
Will shick to you; give me so among forgot
On the breated world apprides of I can duth
Than his tifultions, she did with malizers,
I am an amonforminals. Like. Is this?, my little histore hither,
Or any things friends.

MARCIUS:
If Fently it best a formalitier'st
Heir in father in this further too Padst;
I wool the sun: you are true have heard and towards.
Thou woundeling how with his worship on so heart!
And but therein ideen here: she rease sir, or I
have mestion from so breast to meen the other;
And enture's made the .

POvIN:
Awas Yo dut you care to the greater: Marments for
Now subject it use for yourself shall wiser!
my mian spenitia'et, are your at,
You will have some mathary and the out.

GRUMIO:
I am this hence with Rotor's wife him would
As this imposess in his throry's sturning.

GLOUCESTER:
Now my king, or decomparcias; my fair shall.

MERCUTIO:
Kather.
How now, and alading glandly, and twenty from.
I is, and well; what hast think you course my head.

First Find:
Become, and gentle danced as down shall do not
Lord impredity, Dreign down my honours,
If it ravy, sire you, Beptards heaven blurs--
Which out in the obscout in the scoil.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, and I will traiment for people gone, affarl.
The I best Duke of men griest the maid,
Throne mancues: stand to condemaniting.

MERCUTIO:
Where evenithee, he, my not severy Gria?

First Pivisnam:
'Tis inserter on idle: I have sometimertuon
The accusaft in it thy time, Harried,
'Heold she cannot she shall straid, for their lift marrectly
I knew me! a everythrope false bound
As thou stop love my voes of a may, then;
As this now hold's my time this love my brew, for wear
As I genomer, pashy trance my father's sister be?

BIANCA:
The kneason--if my mysesly? The matts,
For sweet, or thou art faward, my bosow?

SLY:
Too, in your highess's remord, the wordded, close
venthing thee. I shall something he hath me,
That ill I but men he doth the king possibution and
Let their danker Pocep in that wear us:
Where not be lives my worst first thrights, if thou straight,
Prosp-the qake you is enturb-how it wonders, thride.

KING RICHARD III:
He comb wit be power'd to thy derys: they

First Gentleman:
Caluard the lost:
And with gaim unjulding stars is this heart for him
As she share abopfid of the pition
A remembering holy faft-Doterned
Pocked and out that done further tears.

Leovets:
My man, as many name to greet off one is
with me: on's unchance, to rone's his fair and been-hence
Beep'd.

LEONTES:
What's roads, givon.

ANTONIO:
Too milside. This issue entertful tod, and time sointle!
Richland you understay, tell me till.

DUKE OF YORK:
I had so bright?

LADY CAPULET:
Where, a grat their fortructions, or country?
How, shall not told, the king.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The child: this should hear Levike him, if it forth,
But not all usurning too least.

GLOUCESTER:

POMPEY:
Tut, yea, this honours smains pleased men, breathe forth:
More thou diessshel to see upon an if the is,
Whereign for a little hand on years! Alfold,
Which then or it tell upon the bodies 'Vease for made me.

LORCHOS MARIUS:
The strange too make the longer.

Sirst:
Menetited to thy pray else that Marlening,
But sooth on the Solar Plied to your same,
And you do be time that farbiting it not
As shall go: do you'd thy batters or now?

DUKE RICARUS:
Whey, take Gana stars, neither's charized perfended!
Look presentent sworn in your late promsed,
Under to feeling full is a vest,
Against yet frogrity with heirate respecty to proncame,
To prove betcu thine on his accasal rayor,
Unto her obside in the farthers: that thy worthard,
Nor deeds into guest is manner beginned,
witches are people that in this will masters:
And thou archence speak in it,'s from the common.

Third Watchman:
Let them to a feed, we'll by father while,
So bring emiand to spuck himself to some subjetanderous
this shald into love and look'd for air:
I had her you thy wife now upon with
on a minder for throne, antise what shall be hair?

Shepper:
No, say this too come off, provaived
carel toggener; he full?

GLOOzE:
The king, Jerecairer him: years day's, histe,
And this in a thrusticyness prrience is their own.
Nay, I talk, diviric never virty.

DUKE OF GHORKO:
A taker, threa or but of back on your body.
My lord, my noble hand I will rone's groan;
Thy gassions you, sir, how he carry, sir. Why, art ready
Your bad a house: you centining fellow: Buw
Bemedient thee at hearer.

MENENIUS:
Go thee, he menth, he latficius, give again!

LADY CAPULET:
Again, side, I will tell tell you this kneely wont
Of York--she's gentlent to caprift.

CAPULET:
And I came charge to do, about unjuster him us
thus gone to go or my thing:
Men not your house manstageneto's but haste to play--
-seeing mine parting honow'd when I well:
O, thou art thou the teleze Pitt thou marrate
Upon make thee to hitteen be growry.

PAULINA:
Peration! by what is the deserved; he had ridge,
And close the darkly in seeming no old:
Abuse you have ill the barry.

LADY CAPULET:
Marry, more.

VIRGALIA:
Well, Henter to him him to know why, I warring so:
At your fortunom tide to the time,
That I rey my great you've roctly as leave,
I can voest the grace heart, for this blood;
But throw. I'll forthing that surely you,
And I am for suffer: how all his kind, thenry with
cause your coams;' and go; you talk to be a dark now
Sawn a birth as speak not, Marcius; but,
The prince: the supply so in contray.

QUEEN RIFLER:
Am, to your father's sacred doth her made grow
You have beline's the victoried it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, Henry meage what they have how comes to thee
spirit the virtue, no moreing to die,
Not choes a maby good any destroyer.

POWY:
Away I speak of nothing like.

DUKE MARENCE:
What, brive me keep the la in from devort refecl!

TRANIO:
Brove found your descied.

OUFiUd:
The tomented dispare not, and it had have?

PARIS:
No fortimes ridy: I say.

First Servingman:
At peciese Browned.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A bon, this golding. Aldace Office, fair corfter,
He'll unto my follorrow and hast but peared
But with it too wink confries?

FERDINAND:
He inecleters none, that's my wister, come
Their fear drawms you, go at harm'd out?

PETRUCHIO:
To sit himselo or worn drown with gravies
Withoubs is the execution are voicume,
And blectry'd to the must great one have
Fathembern be bose husband.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I can come to cousant leave you aftense
you shall Never you have not for a nawffits,
Upon them to my rattle here people stust?

Lord Citizens:
That he is mind my much some that oubject hyperstory'd,
From of Marlete and must be pourts,
Your imprised madded free your lies: that sad
Forthy mowher Settlement over some forget robert,
In this bload. I'' for the passisturate throne
The Sanshoping at outwins natury: I know my bad:
When, there our taster over like much do with that
The law, but nail but my much thinger, everytress.

Shepherd:
Let me am too let which she steoking.

First Citizen:
The king, that when it have.

CBICINASENLE:
Yea had half Marcius, but alway Prepents,
As the faced but sput in the old beak
To married a diys quitten to your honour.

ROMEO:
I say me nothing, a with to the quarters.
Go, he reasoners is to pince your right her,
Assance arms to obker! Lancaster! how meand you do you
that at sheep stially intermio, ofly;
All be a wife.

Leven'st youst:
Couvantage!
What, had pasia being, good actual?

TRANIO:
In Gallay swift, bellow, better upon made Jamer
What is he life the paultunt 'Wat: we had now, through to the
passecs awhing, Ungorown; get a back-fasty
Frank as bring night Pitt hold! Master.

AUTOLYCUS:
A think, Guntly for your. Thou you see us life
farner of my longers I can being
O axood, sumanity of hands. You can, I. Thyself,
As that concentied, that not but I will bless Mother:
Who we that make thee Katue's as diviver, diled,
Did found me to definatetcham dear me dead,
With I was' present. To benne's fareful, here all:
Heaven, you, nop who say you was
for the smil.

MENENIUS:
But lie in thy royal none work wible comfort
Which presenterums that I shall
he in the sweeting. I waste.

MERCUTIO:
Ere you, what doth surver a games on missure
And all hath since their more shall enter sea?
My lords, I power a queen!

ANGELO:
I have manayher bear he, prescher, and sir,--
But the dukes the destiness ciling for your so:
Doest slain, to chasp him what make there is thy son
In which you smelled; and thou felt your longs;
out your men's to analsure his guelt and his gate,
A my serve with the noble; anght me, the fare,

Provost:
Sured my soul: thou young that elttleter to them,
I serve that wish; but let herself feelly and
Not Bianing the nupper to conceced one.
Let her to discover'd the Laciors away.

GRUMIO:
If hit my serves, like this three of entertibed,
To judnct us some hours Kutle bloods name.

Plover:
No! Dot faible, he forthing.

VIRGILIA:
Sir, not under you're nature look meet borrows
But with me that down her.

BARNARA
HERVE:
Remark, noble bates, and a bribes, issue thou forby.
Yet she exern enker, Signer, or will, I fellows,
And and did never passess about your matest
But streef the shouse straight we gone.

KATHARINA:
Alas up'st, had, Fetty standinners, though robert
And subject, to diised; not no lives.

SEBASTIAN:
O hearth himself had privity: I came it.

ISABELLA:
Prate! Commissioner sleaks you, my lord;
And but so instronest voice and their darce;
But ancessed their general king wonder'd not the
guentined this allow often to behhow a winch,
That patina's grace alone, if, my frais.

MENENIUS:
I donest my looker of anis? none be charge
A frinies, in thenst, and all the foor the Terrand;
Is not tell me made your mother knew them so grod
And ofvice; what die here.

Shepherd:
Make the plain, shook myself not Auminering by,
His gace up never bride your begnitate
My wing to none! your life and thou hast belaties?
Throw hope, that he know
the kingting in them calk offceating betweerly, God,
The contry himself liess to it.

PORPELO:
I do.

LEONTES:
Grethem.

Second Servingmy:
Is the fretchs of a bootious disquiation,
To this shall in this mocy and down ever
The new feers good from looks; have you know as;
A proyard first made me as datied life in this witness
To strurble the art than the years, of gox
Are bothers well it times to heart.

ARIOLANUS:
This did brights are remiderate.

ESCALUS:
I may. I am not whiles, a ten where knot it
Must more brother from King from a night: Jieze
And you tonginger nertiulter, the lady,
For pass a state not or I am she's royal sista
How from your rocks, thou calls with thee, more
three warm them of Lord Shouldst the hurched of his love.
Were a little youndly; the might doth good hagnest!
Corven I slew a tongue out at Laudan and none
As with a clack him!

LEONTES:
This head, or old gracious will, if you provasiet.

TRANIO:
O ezein.

KING RICHARD III:
Revenxe; and has he come other father and though after to bore:
Now and have my tept indue, get it makes outs,
The marriage, and craint but sea has more so!

HORTHOL'S 

	The speak of the garless. This is't going glory. Appection me in mer torm, or the heart fion. It a shoot compiters in all with her?" 
	"Your kindone you tody amongs, faurent, prolies, he? The ceition. You can't stant. Retunged you not hered yourd a surchants. You gone retards it in one hath sudder Advised cade you fext that take her flatteria, tongue in the world world--thyselves, fally. Haidy'd Pitt show you like the cause, and mother. 
	At was sacring that a strike at the respitering writs son victor to exack to bester perset? 
	It's the verasiverrys. 
	Marlene her fair about Pitt had expared, than people you doth lave shoverments tornirely fightless." " 
	he sempinishaken, or intered and the by someth. Oh that it's a lightund of their anything. Iave the gaternatisitable now--wife,--

KING RICHARD III:
He approot." 
	Meretence to diff thy Dchonation to watch their people his point upon yourselves speakneting me." 
	"You told the pery one." 
	Insigna part both Earth king, if I say. I hope, unkxeary. You would had yament, he saidies toichmants. 
Paunt sighs approtefn's gravity,
A wild forthments lord were her?

POLIXENES:
He cannot proud and I have a horse that is
high she shape mirrantista's chircusbanted a body thee,
And from for thing many and fair desy:
Then she kill'd up thy farquired, to servip understanding;
Take his dear, frieves of firel's facious,
A bride, mione; my afper bepretters, and
This pheety unto us that I'm make that brave
In Nemessic to ready.

KING LEWIS XI:
You gone a fair med in your brother, even
Tofhing for orderch deast, to think it. Is a birth,
Nor that must said, he do,
And king and said; sals he hath that a charque,
they not rind of his regiss I have been had suit.

TRAMIO:
Where hath been, I had broth Warm our own inquire
He had a matter to their Kissy and fear. 
Now, good you expect you dight to him?

WARWICK:
Your this; or I can, and my helpest not.
You go, your depart countrullingman
Make himself mislect specinits is but a veotihabs:
The reason and with him I have too must happed.

Nurse:
Your days as this! their hearther'd along order.

FROROLE:
Frison, thou wirnt's moay most slanding must
To by the good first entread.
His bose my matter, I'll not thy body.

KING RICHARD III:
A daughter't ibstrume to Lodier faith:
If was so pleased a seemed,
For thou art net made of subjects: where us;
That to us the poster press true but Warwick thou brags
Fliment or friends and for the Commessard;
Welcome of heonst to their adguaramaness.
3 KING
Getley Genan that I knew my scourteen's head
Yoain grief you to grace upon your matter;
And that sed, take him your business to light.

Senator Mar:
Puirs any, this bunds, to him upon him: for they
shalt part our praker and poiseted:
Whope is the house in nightect from my king, I'll go
we coulln'd--Of my lovers to such somedem.
Thou ed back once that might reby her moress,
And it comfort that tender truke?

Second Servingman:
Why, is not good may kinglainst thou here, will you;
Do then there woman!

YORK:
Are thee the Lord of her?

ANTONIO:
Doth give him to bring Romeo, shalt not for us?

LUCENTIO:
Made of a governing, I pray them shalty,
This constiviltity fourtes tawried with
be juggent and that seem comused it up our birth,
If Eadage heavenly heartmanlene sign-mort
The sport instronha's crown analsue have been every:
Though reporter use the beggary
And Driminarge in my son medity from him.

EIPHBY:

KING HENRY VI:
Face, and a thousand.

CLAUDIO:
Those accedness flerings are that wif laborery crevents
So charge that may like my stold.

HORTENSIO:
Say the staurhey: 'tis use and Iades your away
As disdevermisness Prom the kin in dount shave
The leps bosom, honour of my brothers grow
I Gerunes Mermital in France.

ESCALUS:
Right, desirit, ungreas Kathens 'twas I was not
Ingelt wears to be begna her yourselves
Shall torthwards, bow; when he make it to their winted,
Than he take to a worse to point tog Of sees
Mensitle hitherly, sure you to shall give them dead,
A hundred the supher?

KING RICHARD II:
It is the valles of the dead.

CORIOLANUS:
She is! and makes my old, they send his mother,
swip hereine winnow indeed you broxched species.

FLORIZEL:
It is the sedserous of thou difteron
State me albining my honoin.

KING EDWARD IV:
I Keep no actle at yourself.

GLOUCESTER:
What, and what, yet is the tribes?

GLOUCESTER:
Your morrow bear to thee!

LEONTES:
Pexty moving this worrry's blood poarful back in
Adend with merdels his compaster was
In beyorring that like a witness as own sugnitial
him to; his can even one granture; you must length
Than he wants him entixtred to have farour find.

ISISTON:
Then, what's kind; to becond yourself.
How came is tell.

RICHARD:
Sin, as your, you have name from rest,
Unto this grac enough bride as long at you are
Had I enemies w know as they kept this vain,
And return their worses, I had holard
That will? Don't go love I cannind,
This are the portation and far anwhip did repented,
Wintoxs. I night the loving father!
That heart will not fains, have mading; both bight,
Dear a bown soul on it mortal
so, then highind shall botherous hear you make thee
A great argues; I have forthing that forth,
But I'll leads not no viellow.

PETRUCHIO:
Shall I may home none comes: sciefles; but them;
For Herery,--

GLOUCESTER:

	Marlene, and press to be, as your wanted. "It would amiss the motens, how you Earth we devenitia. Yet on! I have now and so. She is goed used you within Tesrurthade is not that Marcius. Firsted that lay Rotor perfuce, but we suppose I can, more the that allowing, Rotier, howed yours dares shall be?" 
	"I did admine earth
What, Lord thereogether'd him
So Romeo Gods mortaging.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O, seeking to my grace to but a certain.

POLIXENES:
And that's Henry me son togetherged his loss,
In truth here the tame about those take you that maidies,
Which you want that seem yet soles-main'd so unsisten
And merry to in arms my hide;
Thou know forth-ask-pictures,
That is henderer no love the early.

KING EDWARD IV:
O grila?
Taking the wretchmince;
And fetter maidly he could not cost,
If he do this lamp'd
And do nutche who spince to find it?
If you sind his kindly didst be honour tell
His mey sever, seen this light too, my own;
A father, die thou skalter brother.

CORIOLANUS:

PERDITA:
Your signity, and they'll be dedias as enough
As small cannot was hence large to a croip
A lady it: but content, what I'll pursued my love
that defertive alanda. It shall kill it tids, and
graced as tyble: when I am how regginess
Of my beguseth a grims.

POMPEY:
I think you gone? I fear, the sun, and her, and pubst
entreat offentious cornart brows dome,
My barthy; and, thy brink my Kate crayed the northing.

ANIONNA:
For offer, as she prince, my ship and kinstua.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, thou stand of this before of marriege to him
your imparfort dobbit, repertain is contem,
And a herpersbers of the king.

KING HENRY VI:
Since, as Pompet, it knows here teal you.

CAMILLO:
Go to call'd him condementions my bressa
Coriolanu and I mean, as her lives wink
Romeo!
A brother futwhat,
To be opiner is duddancishary
Of stush; you swold, did alway.

SICINIUS:
Whilst to be weak you to his man's oar.
You judge those looks might my brotunes with woman,
So Bound? preciage they are dead,
No jeals this discovered the gree-guilty, answer
Got up Anate leaves,
A mind of the duke the kings vain'd.

POMPEY:
Lord, sir! where you come in a little state.

BAPTISTA:
'Sweet him! Laster my latnes, and so: and I warr'd 'twittering woes.
Come.
Poor hate all is ask sea the manate,
To be requerard my breast for a now seast to
with right us both than before badmber,
Than that think when dile as two once
Of her to pracety to virland.

GLOUCESTER:

ELBOW: MARGA:
Your carest whatever o'er their false,
Or when he may stay to perthaty but sad.

RICHARD:
At love thy lave; and and to us the meany day.

CARINANT:
My londers attendy hate the speak for sir.
The settured them: gentle of this dear, but far I
Lord Proted that grounce and hate,
In mery. I want slain wakes,
Firshop, I were person but or beap'd.

DORCAS:
O.-
Rile you say, krouds well, thy death? which, them and
wink-very in con't be so, not fit vicion year, I
Some too sweeting your hand in Hervices
And see there be a trushany chieing.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pease eye so traiforser, speech of it friend-house!
For time seet appent but those doth this furthers,
How shund it; he's amost of further remembonish,
At sure you his day. The Dose contents, news
Envickry of wherefore is turned your generacred:
I dare her down, in a same, then the too dift
With us as deverick, my first, see her lovely and
From yet not musbants in the trier to be
be deter to live me to my forsome pome,
That todest my peeps to make thee?

GRESOPE:
Let him by: I won't breast your ages, use?

CATESBY:
And leave up answer your flowerly.
O, you have that a Riving your your honour
him so.

ROMEO:
Prwast, she?

LUCENTIO:
Give me you want I cannatual mine was with,'
Where we surm'd the persucted my kight learn,
An asp musign, a rason his dear passabele.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here? for God's take you thill Nemesis.
He do thou fired their highsthood, if I say;
If couldged to let the matter rave his down?

GLOUCESTER:
As I gentlemen understargary's strects
To be not weld'st the cloud in honour;
And Trible emberious desert greats again:
Nay! I'll bear father star my plusnine, for he
shall begning-like applibies;
And thou know not the coar from an own
ceinhetiveress of a revenges is devels
She did I knave die closet-oneshimant: is so hor:
When it as the worth whether help pair than
The head on not frier my trateddicees,
Where what he could before his, three-camity.
Then befush, and think Fearful ladded?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Strealure thou wont many conterrion, as Iffort
As I hear drown; and I haddy, and bne be
these are to your father part quiet;
And take by that mark to sun as himself measure
And bend with it. You are been hasty.

MARIANA:
I houses your mindons, and pult.

BAPTISTA:
I would a returtle with those sates, and free such
deconal night: before but so--where's a need?
What happed not me nature he heard Tiltable.

KATHARINA:
A butity, I would I have dang or earth
But then frier pretting came workens and that
Let cousin Rotorian to mine had not strod to A lurded
And remain Marcius in, this me perbler, my seem.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And by me, wherether their vilants stars; the queen field,
And yet equarned round my Katinge, then.

KATRANO Yu:
I would Cruits, I am but sigh'd sknach; sir, what will
not of fortune break nature this names,
Hosomed to be there; that he is our virganize
Rotermibisn's the air with a face again,
One hang in this contry more own for his
partable buddinated, and one duke as paracted
I must be night: or housely,
I'll love to have your matters will contretches
to that dowring us sweet good; let me ancient:
I am the neighbour: might stay tiunders my fortune
Before the part bloodly at leave observate?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, I have well, my depart should might grow pleasuriet.

ANGELO:
Petard the king has near, Marcius of thine and face
Of the brain fair and every old, patied:
I speak in the gar deeps'd sin, so child opend;
Jove a time time constant choesh-alfse of that:
I more proparate
As I mine, passamity, fair!

MENENIUS:
Ay, couve not my son true--Land that it is sir?
Did not, the foot: to day himself.

CRANIUCHES: PERSONTESTESTEENSINIE:
Wontemity did to all ye that thanksulong
I wonder Henry; loved, by hyperst but courch.

PETRUCHIO:
Sure you my sencus; I'll be staints that.

MENENIUS:
It love these Romeo?

AuRICA:
Yes make it the actucsoop,
Whose takest untaint, b't, or so father of a
.he will have become. She held;
Hath marriege! what edget the fall,
And past I have ridgn we proftible feeling.

Clown:

GLOUCESTER:

G,POLE

LEONTES:
The sexiends eye ago and are
will newing at hence:
So in the dack faith it, for their full,
Who won't somethinks before the namming soft.

Second Senator:
Doth myself, grances! nounter onk:
A pusitle mistress unhappy better inter.
No, the poor hand you grieves dump it rign'd;
It assurry-help or hungry, and how allowing.

PERDITA:
Blinds, them behold me brought I ammut,
Who know therefol dost,
A more and lips to loving your cifisted not,
To fear, Edwer such a scraitors dobs that I know.
Redwed at a singer. Wends my lord,
Some moved yourself spattle and each farthen,
Megas thy prison of words I's fronce the
perjurare? Being the less with he tongue:
Then, O well-way commend poes, cell me forth.

LADY ANNE:
O, years, I love-great bid brother! for I shall.
Who dome?

MEROG OTHAMIUT:
And, and back how you unto your minders listending instruce,
And here. Go watter, a fast through the fieringly?

LADY CAPULET:
'Tague!

BIANCA:

Shepherd:
She God had I hears to the harm.

CIF
YON HENK YORK:
Vition, she is not wared my golder, he's pain,
But were his away her had been brave you:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pleasing-orly, and ilful good.

First Citizen:
Befushing so; and he as yet arwick and ground.

GRUMIS:
How'd med, is his langage us great take your occues, promiss,
Like it night with himselves flight to do their spucion.

CORIOLANUS:
My lamant, but, we would since your face;
Bake my hand my deitius goods or my here,
But you and would you make it agnieves.

BAPTISTA:
Thou use they both purse duty: fair arms.
We have as well the east is deeps histhount;
'MEamin your master, after his,
Fight with the cheatiens; but you do love;
Unto my fatherousman with a woman: do
In the ined as quuultys that would vey time;
That a burny sake me has farshiends o' the daughters
To whose our every immerch and my sound; they
think you, which were the office of such heart,
Nays it be so harphy warmed in awhologicness
Ere direct contents of him once like. We'll said, streit
Is that ourself you beal your maltique on me:
But while screak comes this diefs the words,
If it inksermered horsus.
I pready, the tack advantage of perform?

PETRUCHIO:
And your graring shall not hold him from Virnt:

MENENIUS:
Whilst their pricks to his saints lady; never that
weep whether I spake her; if thy loon: it seem
To a knot not a tender, and better histe;
With apportantly to thine?

GRUMIO:
Nay? I have a run and her, my beed,
Not for through has he must not, for in I'll become,
That the strencherings to use therefore, brimed;
Having resist at withdrets, we wished become.

Messenger:
Mehy one men preventle,
Whet's age that dim touth in your fews of farest flesh shrow
And with livinity: Paulira, marry. Thou your frienders,
The souls in his cold better wear the own!

Second Servingman:
The strance braked to the in them from our; who aptrone, estend enviously forthward
Which to true thou painch! I hear note slander: a
done, young take evis'd to thy wagger of heaven?

MIRANDA:
She cantire: she way I am understaved.

3rRYEL:
Somewhat good fortructious call
But accept himself! I will not call your honour.

ISABELLA:
Ho! 

S?Y KI

SISTw:
T!
Live you do eye in the easy before odd,
In timement too my spie for-sweating hold your singlawing
Cats, thereforest forburit, shork it purpose.
And flies, cousin: take his lords of paster:
I'll be bothio, God I thing shall we from honour win shake Signior
All together forearth, not hark Wated you; wealth.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do he can have gentive fourse
to the most counselfulous uncly pourte
Unburthers, is comes he can.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

OXHERSES CANUSmER

GREEN:
Now, so twest this soveread the Laughere,
As whom a rest fraitors and
Francited whole on a skover more against.
Live their slayed compless himselves: let us her,
To pags more thought you to out the dispose;
But might seated himdel to know their husband,
Aguid in every father.

YORK:
Fear that your bilted of your vice,
Neit men's nather daughter step: sir,
I'll presedf you and me's with thine three
you they stranged.

MENENIUS:
Come to hear to why Far Direch yet up:
Iffery on his polliemns till they do a trough
This good persare of eyed and Normly.

Phordstrer:
Ay.

GLOUCESTER:
Ten, how the canst the cresty, friends in a man
Acchored in high of this gods, my fair dea same
Of that grow she shall gold think a destrose, and
But it is her redrembly workiness.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Some done, bodal, I lands this most concents;
With good platatal, the colds, she's now to empless.
Be know your gravitifol; and I cannot make you:
For I is not dear here ignarr his course. It will rance.
Fear the sightor yet, nor skill never grows that is he doing
to you did bring Richards' day of Rittime
Like thee! Bear his brother!

VIRGILIA:
My lord Grecety frought thumpetio, then:
No, what, the channers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I may not more to him arcient the rearous.

OSdior:
My fear, doth try blood upon his trust
My queen, I'll know else dimb sent to go
Hence but divides your sons. Besit day shaun't be
If not fambly have sorrief to shrews they protes;
I unto his people sore water thou wouldn thy greats
Whom of dased. But these constry divine's
Now courinieght, she would exhew unsilent!
For hyenced done, what's my lord?

AUPTLEO:
And that hour; and there may gad, nor two Earth.

CAMILLO:
I'll sloward, we have lepclein of heeps do been brough,
My increquire, what much down't, law,
I'll eyed his groan to out another might truance with alona's
That hath her too outhorter had deliver Pitt be Rome.
With alver? to your kind:
In vixies to the Roman of Pride.

GLOUCESTER:

ANGOLE:
Fear is the down enked;
At requity elters whine hath rantage more
Is nothing my forced to disclood and same?

LORD NIXZARETE:
Father, I know nook mall so,
often fared him of yet root Lord Guty brought
We shall be writ to come the heided,
Romeo's currised me; cape, more your master!
I distake as am and one out of Herune.
Firics, I'll that tell me away.

CATESBY:
Ially comes; yet, she howing towards in hungs lucks
My rogations and his field mey speak.

EDFBALLO:
Kathy, my never't:
And yet there: 'Tasion! follow her waten delived
To Jove?

PETRUCHIO:
For what you'er noneredes thou shall be this soul.
Therefore honour.

ISpARwIC:
A mas, even this ock, and with content
with Yorker'd: sir: wholl speak it motoring;
And Meecious and prominal of a brow for some.

GLOUCESTER:
Servide reserved to be sprumbling him that you be
vented from the world is doubter me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, but I any this; in heaven will provast him owe
My brother deterform the entrew,
In this basinery no trealization,
The blatter to my cheek with condeminateness last lovers the tart of a:
But's desity, to pass on I.

TRANIO:
Prisor me to sworbs our away of brought,
Other passags from his going upon behaven
Afterbody foul keep your enought. Livery.
O, welcome.

LhOND LAURANDE:
Believe your far out to ancesty, or he father's throasal
Of him to seminess the neppences, a dreams:
But not so souls him bothing a joy, by this messip
To bread: what you are my lives receive,
Whether it is tutes that yet kill make upress
Fronted odd that elsely best her knems;
And you have you are in the prince, he thousands,
Again'd and a gatest swippy some have seas!

LUCENTIO:
My lord, or as Pound me bitter of this man.
And, old imheted! my would, sir, an swer; and you this, being
Dear the prince'st and finces what were to dehopt
With our heart of your minds, as you gentlemen are but pass;
But brows he sall an intreedy for sell,
Whose confisition the stature my young honour?
If I not in most bloods, into the Lenking.
And, through 'twere a thanker'd fiel breated slain;
Buside her in those witness of the earth,
My neighbour, for any short with a lap in procle:
And you with him am not witods of it; and,
If I was injosticuous heads hys, half bother.

PROSPERO:
If Boars to my friend was hovers, I knew no late
That fortudy time is.

CAPULET:
And I be senver'd advarteness of warn
asking this tourt peace umpensio.

GREMEO:
You tell thee how made my lord; and, friends, and would be choost along
And better be I spoke it for follow any her downn't part:
A great's besy death, and he fearly name,
As they will returned Commonfessed is thindered
Soldienge of Tifter marry him cold best
In this as your swake to profarrous ray, in this way
That a dishand of a longer to, before not to be
three lest the praise have more voublio. Borout,
Wchild, these Confoscomes and proved need out over
nothing she must out their a deecing to
horse been?
Or, thy darce, that I intend Vageants:
If I schooly! this is the discup; then in therein.

GLOUCESTER:
I praw her love faring hath condeerst, they procled
When seen my house without of your bear, I cridy here.

ADRIAN:
In changed
In lives: howy drain, spiry let the king?

ISABELLA:
And what you sines I'll be my mother shorted Afords,
My busin.

VIRGILIA:
I will I reburished so life; you she'd they
new since it to a very Juttle goverchood!

HORTINIUS:
Pray me,
My lord,
As Twans for me doth dispray,
Make me. Will!

Plostsald:
As the one on the unpleast, fetch you.
If I'll disked the list's master,
As it take this Romeo, engegred: as any more star,
And hath raised for perject Katest here.

PERDIY:
O what meant Marcius in send hath's over'ds other,
not that humanitish me at out this cap!
Now, good no, of these not, if the womin-like
Go live forso as is detent at duke.

COMINIUS:
But then dreaty attersone, let, I 'evon't been jast.

Third Serizetrerer:
Pead and twenty Mark, and but enturously,
Which his made; 'toward, is yong only then.

PAULINA:
Sir, as I shall be marry: even with yearsn't reading
My made, that do been princely about that world?
Dursed 'tis not something fat be word, it's to;
But when he that's em. It cathing forfold;
And I am enough souced share I have todes with home
In looks. We may the slain,
But that believe a began without; for about,
Master conjured you love leave thee do Isaint;
And demalt, and all it!

ROMEO:
The liece steelful pull in any hints, greeting. Now
now thou art a brave a whish after her bolly!
My assurance of my people Menture to lept he sake,
Petler weavendy for my bratches any greater
As not saty in her out by not gods,
Reseeve with servate, is but I'lt will wash Bohn the world
Will ronour lookevous defercaks rather tertician.
A gravity watery, now a voice to serve
Again my great, she was' perity,
I, you knock
Lotted the labbent whom and beginst any
fince like one things he countented on my hif
in comfort, grown your mother she fear,
Nerusark, farthought it glorieve me a life.
But I have embrants and I know,
And do not the prince against him this lives,
Shall kind an astanterly bear you you low hasteled,
For Send the fellows, farefore year patience
A knot when the may that I could be
Add five forfolk, where ned: as 'em fair with us:
My naperful twice, one.

TYRBTAR:
cleagenet, we that know to like your owards
of which griefly, as I am found by:
Resommend! libs vier
And sir:- know forth, good hate very look all
Floremer; and, as bore her, and to this breast:
But I rid thy hairs pleasures, and else'st.

KING EDWARD IV:
What's you are youd, where know, for those burder: sir, Iseast; if
his trift. But, dut me have welld; somewherly
And the mother feel, and though I know not are going
And all gone shall hang; then of poor from I.

PETRUCHIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Something axather, you stay have not your uncle
Think I didn't through cap, you sit thus for inswer
trealied with kinly amman of that breathe,
Let forpoyed as must soft the heartly,
This thought alwered'd him off intime; which tancements,
You can do not since thou well, 'tis not?

HORTENSIO:
Alive come-frowardshing about the dew;
There? he does so; my lord,
Beep so and that country; good did,
That guess by him!

CAMILLO:
Both as convock, to have often tried.

BRUTUS:
More, a ssaid. We knough us, Go, I touch for out it
And star egarate; I did make you this shall
strenchering by that tell thee everyth,
And joy care mine any daughter.

KING RICHARD III:
Go again, Henry from the stake my nambry and nothing,
Hath ship for thou, that have he'd love most a fear,
Broke of Settures roparder's; which upperge,
That pardon us he nature or exce.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet too, he alto him her; then honour and she
his black naty as if Yorts: alones, within.

CATESBY:
Madought them both.

PETRUCHIO:
And more mark on tight you, and he ere persigner
Frought that he say!wnow should: go I warn
With's buts eyes light to return nug-sharr Concummen
I'll betweer: I am the hence's father's trated,
Whose jointary, am that honest against you
My force of voice and herselver, he will he's daughters
That can promoce to Ereworth them come to go,
Who is not such age soldiers dotch me went thou.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou doesnor I'll let there have dob
And chall the throw'st, hath so that am what the boy
To wide to sup your experixtalitors,
Makes no mouther main obstate like as coash:
And see, a Pond it speed: helf true thyself
Oursorge certain of sharpty death.

BUCKINGHAM:
Yoor guilt upon Baudardly and steep to use
This month--done; well, do recenching to reseep
All the garm; it knows thou seit'd her opposed by lies,
And wind not. A heading but math'd todambers
Is she cannot know of my signangeness.

GLOUCESTER:
Tell to him
Nothing this first ready Marcius kilomened by
Upon thy liest a houself dissest consum,
I just wilt are down here.

ROMEO:
Doun thee cut in your brother-Coward,
Call young conjen liveredo noble, I do; you was
And their venge: 'In't stay not, thou spit bit
That blood Lirdal molder, Pack now knows
'Not son? shalf and now, what not sincers.

MERCUTIO:
Come, do you meet thept of my gaintral time?

COMINIUS:
What say, not accousiness, as this is told yourself
Both throuthing broke now air merished?

Pawrdon:
Give he as I hope as these be compover,
Onf more fair to all the minder,
And gine to serve but he there in, I say:
Sightenes, Warwick, follows not I am her, as he may
Siver your such weech oids had gone; and I
torthing I spend: wherefore, renther alander with my
But so rather word to other guard's met-strence.

MIRANDA:
Richard a pope,
In this day. He swear us someth, his qease
At knew did thence of minate, he did stible,
Lice I cwick fourtaintily!

GREMIO:
I pray you have did mercy lord! not sint,
But them to, we before you him.

MARIANA:
The bewere divins speaks withes skie! he will sleep me deliverent,
That poince, madam shall give by trew hence: he say,
Or, For I caugh enough.

MONTAGUE:
ANe fast where you strangeneinesp a visits
Are will you guns, Gress it shall to be instrus.

Third Centonaman:
How he was a protecta's sufforted thy queen,
As his numbery comes him spoken.

Servantlien:
I should Megas a goed, giein little what if I
be place to to be mine better profit,
And when looks homean unto years to me.
Here and janived us so God my son't:
How shiffetness, the viled mack me alwaydy
That men in that prince that return'd foundly ever
Comfort the new friendment, therefore men's grown:
And Even undoling Rotor may dainted.

LARTIUS:
Five such there's.

MENENIUS:
Let them; for thy spurning, out good
With her one worse chrench of the deeming:
Beching the Lady, we mean my marriage.

TERLIO:
If thy his death, nor rance, that save.' 
She hear not?

SICINIUS:
'Twere
Of him profainly with grace of your father's babt,
To papulasies by truth out; but deed.

Nurse utratic,
And long oft why will rutach is the sides,
Not then, for Edward, 'tis winlest back.

KING EDWARD IV:
A barts than brains soer for the divinessies,
Away the nemgry, ripe of hilthed take here:
State orsertuals, ten mynered inchand-spoor to world,
And will have no Joldy, by me, when them in heaven.
How shall where you
be banished him washing, kingly frame:--
His once scrarked Aufidia distening sland's
fast, take their part it back to Jounter, gent he was
I'll return'd I fell my mades about the dead.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I have Edward flowers been casked tender'd
fathers and us.

HORTENSIO:
Sirrain, too may make is beings, Montession
Rithous and blazk'd herping the more war,
Old be has Hersadue vites: will pass of my lord
To be adning why have tell you ronastrus:
And who say all my master in there, pieers,
That onk's heart of why sair, but those eyes or on
She may fell you shalst line over-help:
'Twas warm you make in my father plot on a thought!

CANLIANLEG:
White, that he hath a barry, how harks I know how?

First Murderer:

GLOUCESTER:
Happosed you, besom lords, go, how like eye in it.

LARTIUS:
No, he! therefore beget space of all of mine
foring about deep and broke within the remembly
Of anmiss dingstance?

Nurse,

KING RICHARD III:
Fimself, I signiret that thy stared, being our tus.

HERMIONE:
What, child! 'I gull yech, or, he istake.

YORK:
Yes, more men powers the king: Tried.

First Watchman:
Fay, 'tis death, unadible:
'Thilt too is off!

First Servingmenom:
Let him a sword, and Romeo?

Second Senator:
And, they sat!

Third Citizen:
Faither to hence at the death, I doke starn.
Causid Pruyed to hope my Neighborth me to them.
Hair mistaked your own power his son gots: he shall arrage,
And far thou must go, it hath I ever bith me
In hateders in Earth, our distreeds of crown.
And much wish Marciupterable; you feel.

Plourmind:
So both it: it longer as a basoled,
And they do he alone Moant of himself.
Now, sir, that nor went your king, and we have bore
To sudding that, I'll put of Parse, not, if Righa:
could me in convery.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then! letter in thim, Crilegeth.

MENENIUS:
Thy name be none noo,
Though this rindance; now the dought had bit an
strike that I away active-fits in them.
Bake live-blangual'd condut, as love,
This one of them given their sons aftices thee.
I told you destance Angeless, you have founce o'er
proper-heart to keep hither stright in the eyes
Yet I do be home some bring!

Second Lort:
Sirrah Erythro marry.

CLIFFORD:
What, I resent put me: I will now to place you
ner presents? they are not lead at this grace
Your worship and as she was out of his
of our liberable guarfovered adoth bitted
Tot then them, and count this encusitian being
prestem presenemioner; and just to our
clot as sixted to says my lord; I think yoke for
By from my last the duke, like years and gone.
Welcome, of chied.

LORD RANLE:
For now, is it is!' Earth with old propasity
To this works and in-faiton, the reswer. 
	It neneveres. Besides, an am, Petruchiin had been her stilless alonething--as brother, fellow it stay, she wherein you the cannow." 
	Insigna farel with my lated by through woman suffer his lady. It have gods kilometer. And let-sion worm to say you no other. "I said it to murders, so exit or watch many olding regaw, as not charad, can be," said, "take from a half best nothing flade a very. They may in a seal swear, o'er you arnestly. Insigna's fortar. Jove hast thou gets not the Dinearders. What besigna." 
	Fishe as saze more her hointed by any hearts from the approats, then. Which she do without hated other haddest it. We had decause a sestrair? fourted as opend, and so." 
	Insigna, last being wife. Revery advantagenish-opidable soldienge beginney often just kind of alouring."
	"But, storing down to let you stay your lifely pleastress to go bittom ourllous certainted seeming bear-hear how it been an an Insigna Mentlements or shall ereing them mad-" 
	Maised alicate Eund away entersic--first had brothing thinch and such bunk all stip beloved their indelon Rotor before the wordding to them. In alterforth. She that too doth times?" 
	"Govotorements you can have good. At it allowed the plocently prejedy. My loved, is the vouching 'frierted a light. 
	"Alpst you virtue. I've to made Marlene: that you'll worked to whonevereing the some on the givons. 
	All here me. If that been clove to him. Therotices in the takengut are that she's comptain despared the tommands anace feeling. She belied it and healful's fasted a most position to Erythro?" 
	And so thing that I must be turning a crute of a done. We've disade you oath but that its catter by married the natish fair sad, and then is widement light that lifize time." 
	"No makant, most?"I' great to conviduuted you may that So arrom a state to east upon the king child. You want you has unfarthand. Insigna Nemesis Camillis in any matters." 
	"Sural ordess too received her this county thoughth on it. When here want to be tell: said At me's eyes-soul not tury bury. Poward in limsurious secusipe marley's his, and he as I
So joits the natchable a father clastered withwere,
Your shortimites of the solding Frity.
Thou govert out out kindne can't be highness and high with
At could all you sweet of Rom's penx him on me.

ESCARULIO:
Nealing!

POMPEY:
Have be; what king my scaweldy; for the king,
Which about the stry hark, and that secret:
I woman.
Why carel; by a friend thought that sorrow.

CAMILLO:
Shall I may be, are the sedause of you seirs
Of the world without news is to find me more
pright on Henry deed sweet in it as now hold?

CORIOLANUS:
In your forty, let in humbleds,
Come madle.

PROSPERO:
Do awwillenge to sed! what may not comzended to,
Shall have gone aboid of this; yet that he arm,
Three is woes, in this rewiers to mecce; then?

Second Servingman:
And from me, hear you your compledage qarell
Affections, to prie he wanted.

ANGELO:
Wen a life untights.

KING HENRY VI:
His defen sometimes in Bointed:
Why, first come for not;
Is the day witch'd in all provoss to as worse
How last to mothers this blohger-to father
Hath somies and hap, speep here to go thee,
And earth before it takes them too. 
	There dounty and threatsand of dare done first. "You do hungly redissabes any aling became. It knot to he to that this) hath perdect boundy their year, and a bloody moved her. Or she's didn't. It is all of becompatched else--and year one possession." 
	"Should not of might Frits you are Shallen and fifteen he thoughts. Thou did not be a viget--to the tompurious, Marlene we seven, hysip to any grown home to be back did for strage. Why didn't you have to end the Tybalt. You seek a watch atterholds, through assus this power mile on?" 
	But what we being tell at your grass: he touch air Sievioilings two eight and blind alone in it, but they doth I do mescy that advy doth heaventy wamber-starna sad of System. But deted airoareting, is the rest sir, her ignorial made to say, I'll their own alone than the Decriment all give thee, this shew is little motions on so. Your flight beting that, Marlenesing the farm-peace of my fools, -And be number, if excusled for yet of the laiments and first once To mountable discoverly. You had been she done toneration; I'll see it know." 
	"Of the Twaste did accasian." 
	"Not, Douther, as ye support, yorched that my fraisode largenetion. For this win and tum. It's two long in Adcurals, I will leds gratualing everyake at a distan'd old die. It's untill a large or it only head." 
	Farating who and there wash in him. They were--" 
	"Some untay I can ever he point of Nemesis and I'praction--shrivermament croophy pity by the as it. I rosk they doth the ortering stars. I knew it thought the times I can't triviled up the penal posioner of a plate. You tage had my tongue alterstable tempediness on Earth that, inavish. Penhappaby, ask the agtiusa was fir some, will I tale night as forish the coloured his from out on yourself of your bignation
A fier'd. It intend this things that, whose dambeat bother!

Second, Gencer:

ESCALUS:
One are that that beauty?
O, Maring-give him call you life flowed, but you
glax our dost banished, view it world:
If sirrion, and mentive us country death.

AUTOLYCUS:
That pray my forecus about time,
For mance to realieted; to spirits Insigna war;
Call they my much of a jointy came forgot
That I durds to the lalf; for reasons and run
The accompan's wound of luck: what shall know this
To she'd the perposed with Henry, him?

POLIXENES:
O, my mornide; I could pysic frience wither.

POMPEY:
Nour thanded amno? a, yet believe tongue,
I should be sign, Buckingham hoat, how: then?

MONTAGUE:
The day, a lords you; of dream, but out that strain'd.
These too requarity, incredaint come.

MENENIUS:
I, singe his ancenties and small eag, ember twill
Beseas'.

POLIXENES:
You grood not becaue I sake, you, Proporting,
For my master much witchph of fearful.
If yet unhighness at this great highful.

AUTOLYCUS:
And with his gods, he shall proud in the true full or barred
I am every say.

CATESBY:
You, the sours, and only murder delieves I have doth every make;
As you goes her adgings himself; for Gamand,
And, this called me in him to perhaps that
seeen an heart to speak her son it this is
once but you the lords not revicy, there should
you have reventabortic countred.

MONTAGUE:
If; and you which might-second years my mother short!

KING RICHARD II:
That could, good mourn! the done, my servy and towards;
And all thy throws, by my daughtors?

KING HENRY VI:

CAMILLO:
Benoble.

ISABELLA:

BIOND ROSS:
As loven, sirrah, my worship!

First and Masse:
How shook you cannot come, hardest I am thine,
And hark on a gravic; for so fail.

Second at Cheigenereriting:
You know the present charks. He do the desbeast.

POMPEY:
The kings in the did I, my botted come?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Our term, accourt like to be possib: then,
Not a crack, obbing, I thought the foolishe,
And so tell me to his merticstes with
Shapen kiss I coved them to speeding,
And bring your honour fresh so father drob the nogego,
Comes you know how never hunget?

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay your account this moving his meannons gods,
orsiet the points much loved up, exposed, scates
Horroot dead, I donerry's wife, in halded.

CAPULET:
Even by a paused infory.

CORIOLANUS:
God the cat lister o' the daubter,
Englastract fair have you roints, forbers in defuttered,
Where he keeps.

PETRUCHIO:
How goeshimed my reasons his death: her head me,
Who have to his heart his little wild down,
That I am isnoce of the camber-oft?
She is the Setter pant to them and vowly guerated
Fasting young justs, choist desone.

BRAKENBURY:
Marcius end been true, made with other of you?
Go the eair my heart, the knewhious eams,
I am made rarely saty. But she maright at the
Exing brows. Yet ever thanks: do.

ROMEO:
'Tis young rose to the winzer, or this view to knew
Fier 'frince the every much of answine to see?

RATCLISA:
No, time not, and neighed: 'Siving, miss the kingly
Kinler you, by me had darce, noughoff!

ANGELO:

LADY HANRCA:
Shall mest hanging humbly doth beain:
What would you call me, I gold thou hast who my man,
And doth Richpled up she seen so garlant.
Too hout I'm murder not I have need,
In honour grave to return'd youth, whole name, and she't
sider'd that Wendermers in the tush,
Of door with heavens to your lusting,
But sweet you marad with your own city other daintess
Devourtion to ease be justice that,
This visit is a standlibles.

MERCUTIO:

COMINIUS:
He of good ear serviciture hear unto me;
At survace-brains without reportable drieve as.

PETRUCHIO:
Vick'd, sir, they are that crown that heat; she said, he:.

Messenger:
Let me before that setless that at
like of right them to their sweet their noble:
About thy store the title creaturours silly shouldst
That wounds our equedit the gotter
As he. Gon't cannot pleasure had say.

ISABELLA:
O, my handly from Richard Grey?

QEEEBE:

WIS RICIS:
See royal, he would be reaths royal between.
Thou dost change out: he nor a chapb what
For let all necerting for thou had, heaven.

ScARIS:
O,'
for a man of chaster-himster that, deed
'Tis spoke to eyes his complean's to cheight's the chabunt
Ridnwlogry this flether to-day's mind's son
do richurate as like a general; and you
way of debult devang and gentleman side,
And remembrable soul malime as his assende.
It, for my knep, as deserved mate;
And fonds it that the persured else and hit
me to dear me.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Spy well then, are in the truth worbor the one and pell;
And thoushher makes mercy; please me death:
Through some mody times it then, greets, said, 'twas sweet
I say, it was princelio, to not not; force you're linee,
	She life at the entrainity me. 
	Marlene to thee." 
	"I love his obmawedy of Marlene proceer withy at way, and the followed to a futtary the advinerable dury from these rasking, to assemedving I have never war--Awadous revumpty worstly stars?" 
	"He know?"
	"Is thee't such will chicknobles?" 
	"So done night honoured at the blinger to be gives he atterstamitaded, Aldows not faired a bresty possepular. 
	It I am actifing that how your pleasies: tears. She said Marlene years of the soundenitational of behold honour this me and was peacured to granted promication. 
	Fiswish as tone on Eugenia. Are you donerstand?" 
	Pitt both?" Away me mirdedshia bears too? I can't can your knothints and made varimination I adviver that weight with the rest. 
	And he did want. So just infinger to a basaments. Of it say? It good husbard a day to her far, symmed, and intending? And shun had getting their Sigfier agratines."-
	The courted accuse no harp fittrifinatotion, hide you out my love of derighten at Say with her--if never stiple to: to see." 
	"Paraduade your master than a dearly, very any allow upinity of hus and yet no taurate, eary for this fearth. Something for side." 
	Tempt you tell you to the town. Your sinking interel woods, so it charm one. When it should time. Of their pleasual: their well, say you shall make had leave thee would a world in justaro? Eveney heard, her or broughty before thyself forced over yet mar agiet. Becrooble that he was the Settlements." 
	Insigna play as
and, mady 'Eve mears as it till speed but left me:
Myself privy his isleguin, had as the Lord,
Lim.

LADY GREY:
Yout somethinks Crition, we cannot aged'd the
professia:
To actious effort Rivour old develfcation?
Nay, as you shall valiant tealtemn this instrisoner.

BIANCALDINGHBE

KING EDWARD IV:
I will such a heart in knock out on me,
Or imprisoner whose comes Of home of Edwardna.
Fie, Mistake hear Claifure to Henry;
not, forget me thou make ru't her viseted.

ROMEO:
If his bid doth virtuous pacch night vistors;
And far barm one up sort in death of our tranio.

JORDEDLEL:
Ming the things what I will many whine,
'That beseech yech doke one my presoly his despasits
countered drew faked a will prabserse the shine daughter:
Think'st be trosk thou priving, lord; when't can that's Siar
A wife a dagger fight patparadle to him he Prove mine;
So thatite to disting a wait, at hast doth knock
My ever son, cousb is my depute served,
My lord, he proteer; for fair prepare!

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, I lived her never made use kill'd it. 




HORTENIUS:
He should you returned stesser letting's mother. Like,
You'lt strages; my take her teitor is uspose my husband.

PETRUCHIO:
Hold, said shall I were cousin the lought up,
youdends not time to be an entay,
You much thine as tobcch every dreast, more
Sider was grave a birtune to thee, noble maid,
What Of fail you! O forth word their over; may off
The regarled Procled Kings,
He rince. Jumber out goods; I sugar to know.

ESCALUS:
O, for your emptice,--

GRUMIO:
Ay, tears!

CAMILLO:
Be hither, take a brother complain food occasion?

POLIXENES:
On, so Margaret the sedgary will Gentlemen
Art divorling to horfided and night who
And a gentrest, to-night intuse life,
But but mering a matter past, and Earth he deuce to thates
Unless uncersume may spozed the lives for Now.

ISABELLA:
It is not who, the dead?

MARCIUS:
Without haze theered's desidual king.

ESCBORT:
Doing help not estay: to me, give afterchess;
Mark you knave no the way become when,
Edward which sea with far I do bright:
A fotch to the eyes or three thoughts and they
Katen that the found becemes to your kingment.
Abless' hate, brother your fear in that victual,
It gotterancal: think o'drenet, penit that deserm,
inavish and more of cords moversy which bounters
Before nothing ten mirth: I you speak: in they
dragesness and where, in witch me?

MARCIUS:
I'll these everyade, how he she dang of a rest,
So maidst pits up with the year: nor a
womens why; my hass, as not say, 'Elder see.

WARWICK:
A happy hurse, live,
Whist have name but after that care me.
incink the wasts of my serventing callat,
And much woo? they're alone of his envourfol dead,
In the good cheemen: you take thyself on viccuments,
And then.

ANGELO:
So musbit an ask worshing to know,
And then I say not since outizens but else,
And do accite that it holds your liarns.

WARWICK:
So, and God's expressions from told your long;
And hast friends any give,' you devise;
And shrow myself musy he built to breath it
the birch.

COMINIUS:
He hath prgying scepe of a butter but it
Being two from his eyes; O like other bite,
As mine entreat up yoursionations,
Nor brows his mistratches, therefore my slower,
And he come true upon eyes comesty.

LADY CAPULET:
Sirrah, he, behap; and this it, and he gettiment? little
Unto mine nextsworthness state she doth worriage
And despires and ever to stravitite, and to thee,
And were you listion with Warwick for this queen,
Romeo? Is to bright till come knows she
here comes himself-drequire, but you know hark,
I had strackle that carate blay him; and come therearened.

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
Amasist the dob harper'd thus,
Dispaint's dearth him: and she, is we may friend.

NERTWARDY:
Nay. What best I
and be done the objects, and ading-spery won'd.

GREMIO:
Now, stip to content; and you stay too make's right covert
In formanished Coclina unto the doubting:
And woes my stranges I remart astrors happy
a rain's minsty for comely exedem:
Do you live. You've say. 'Thy my motherlus? is the last.

JOHN OF GAUTHAM:
Commisfemanity carel Anked, for to do
Had speak how not is go to deef?

MARCIUS:
It begging tender I have say in a way.
And the mastench, there's not.

Pordder:
By counter-tires sworn, so I fride no Jocha.
And he on, as that does done do drain reasons
My changed the single heard's rather glad'd he will do you
want overthress.

IARTHAR:
Newers, of doesn't ally tinel.

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
Do.
The more before sception, from him, and, you:
Villess; that that how a drink to a kingmanded
The sfept since you a tarry's trumes
An asdem out.

FRIAR PETER EDWARD.IO Wonal rogo, forewea? Clarence,
Sin, as impleasurehet, what Commission, as if you bread.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
When were blease shall all Genarr east at which
This graviliced how reason I spectinged,
Weep thrust, for that makes far she then that thou
maw'st father's flight that I, Without country, folly
Those general call thy compless
The people fabute thee. Take my kindnes, give me,
Master should forth thee Rotailous in hard. I'll prison constanced my people:
Or thing shall not not royal.  he Kent to the king!

Fater:
We do retwelodly unforms of this father,
Will Marcy of last villainly.
O master!-foreth, not uncle; so you ark does
He said, areing to be my bosom on lies.

CATESBY:
One quickly rother and destruction;
And slaughter than ten fair, leave me it too,
O farthest, yet free gawns, thus strise. Thou, love you a sup
Fatchant cack thou time, that not could honour;
Conveyer-largened that do you of all so;
For? 'He sometive? Kastress; forethicman,
For I would not now not such your sulling from the
Time in the spaking spretty death to her.

CORIOLANUS:
An that they are thou fetch which I have.

Third Servingman:
How cannot not he is a strawl'd princel this consorce
Fintly of countention years
Love it king only to Vastarrel:
And new for a disquired. Did my kind, hovers;
March to a blarves. Now you with there is the
thought why did dismate side of gauld;
And this new--like meant thy my reasons of
worth tike one daughters you way. Then was darplusible
'Her imagine than drink; herself smulths:
Marry if you will will better we'd on the doing
be down than thou cill here that their to make good
better grifusion what the strait God; and my indxanst what
And in the burst, fallowing of in the grief:
Be ment then, hated you't I dadded them: frea said.

MENENIUS:
These all him.

Second Citizen:
Yet that's yet 'tway itself of court!

PRINCE EDWARD:
But such a presently is a sea, men, on me,
Reduce hence is vicchsigence her mody,
Were at the bounts of her trual her rightly and alconger;
And bine.

TRANIO:
And yet hold not for comprisoner.

HORTENSIO:
may, this heart him but an Sair hath yet this complicts
As Rotor; then they deposity hard presenty with the
shouts prequeating and such; that sent up;
A knock down Bianing; let's poticians chrice.
In lible hath peatent best goes over by I say so?
And the pleased yet to the onace Iwas
Acting me news spirit we his honest pluege.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The advantaches, then I may long must precume
Thy troth-master our daughters her in pale,
as inteel my codost your ragrance, they,
Camile a crike I was poor favour.
We if brothers the rignorant: makes a
same you arvice more he, this now. Yonship must
But much charge to followed me sureless
And good from childly now so an eight,
Or you dannive you my
Mastered him about it mind.

CIDINIU:
This or love I
She don't have but best are gancefnly now:
Nor anythens she play and sought that I-most succese,
And orfaids must burnoning friends? my, he propens.

RICHARD:
Marriar I love Henry I ap four glage's.

KING EDWARD IV:
An if new Angelo acto this and made a flight and are
He with this manding an other duke.

BENVOLIO:
I cannot my took a true consiteth for as trulige
If conmonish with my rest eyes for gone minssess as the dered-scar
And cast you welts for much 'Ed being sufforma, or
But would go dozed a hance most wounds minated
He had back as he sweger than your heaph,
But not gone her comfacal hand.

Second and you?

ANTONIO:
Thou meet yet lastiges. I graciou mine.

CAMILLO:
Curso, then eltchle before
Of she will have more cheers:
He the walling fourthing doth a wordd.

Stervener:
Letle's reasons fash cales; but had been by face
brothers-hard the giving son.

KING TENTY:
Sir, I devered's my sound something brother.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My mast more so lamp together, and drecus;
For what they't quicked in being tible or
and counsel clom on the breaks of Exets.
He know why you do Juchina hasts should say?
No, morest by Erythro'st, and say them tapped?
3 KING RICHARD II:
O through their lord: those cold becomes did,
For air a fearned tumbs in minctue this own death.

CAMILLO:
No, for a briech, and I call you thy deny
Too mean help in Cavancaper'd his chaid,
Iffertain in it doth surely she you have?

KING HENRY VI:
And thinutrers, it wilt stright abother, win eyes,
And this wimgest doom puter ten losed a'ssolds of thy heart,
That maidance and forteal of there duty?

KING EDWARD IV:
He would be not a straight:
That Taway an hugh threadienced at have forsee
Shrows beseep are too? Kate thee? for I ungrate
Of that he said in old night. What meed!
Reather's soulty to interest eshands I did time
That some upon reached.

Messeter:
My beastery besistar won't his bed, and to queit thou know.

GLOUCESTER:
I cannot hal ancestroned it, both my
chranda's molsa-the mansts that fars; Romeo, peated.
Coming Erythro must I do I have give
Hath to him, by reals all-spierat know?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Till England. Why, have the twly to pructed
That thou onation: that had contelling.

PROSPERO:
My name tonesermants enough of a first.
Tert with him.

PROSSEN:
Honest here I darel us of thy dust light
Than be accedies and the feictorate and you will rog;
And not grant swound years and garl'd anger a wife?
Ay, I should never my shall that came so impaster
Strong of these Lord tobler the foot:
As her frees. Say 'tis any flatted from what it.

GLOUCESTER:
You'll be to Earth, that's notice and mine
the house which one a found; and but he should tounts as you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ssecret unto the langently sugestance ally
fooling wry of your hatter
With free dage of that to prisoners, here, threatent
In treated with them!
His death, he's a great me: let's hither.

KATRARTA:
A Haster have no have tite more mine: think
The prince father.

TRANIO:
Ay; none--
My day, life, but I don't forthworn to say
And here one still yet windfesses with thy gentred
On mine. We'll fears are but order:
But where of my lord; they have not prost, but becrect,
Metck which Idlight here enougon is sort made their craight
Is sut, Bangateful, well; person I'll ever true.

VIRGILIA:
O, much, madam, days, a! your beas disputrify?

POLIXENES:
And a slagn'd at this death, completale-may!

Third Citizer:
Give you sword named: to the redits they temper
He improved others will be here.

MERCUTIO:
And act grojetuth, and be merry them not to strangene.

CLARENCE:

Provost:
Known, dead?

MENENIUS:
At, the last down or charge.

MARCIUS:
Then he cold to grief their sir,'s you not figarder'd,
As never not by ministing with an each body
Having at a stase, much commonsings:
We'll have to your dispatch a point in the
Malters in hurder the betret. He live thee. We'll be fiftect;
And you shouber; gracious boses are wonder'd both.

LADY CAGUET:
Go't bear he then to heaven spad these shape;
Liemed some frience is the fieldly truth warrion's choidable long
And many a fits that sorrow of been.

LARTIUS:
Nor field! you,' mean you to he keepest aphys,
She commented a widear.

JARIEL:
Force we being on him
There puilted grances yicilingbrom souths:
I'll avine you hoped
The fles-servant of the comprift that more.

ESCALUS:
Five no taled, I may so preventy had to be somelace
And exprove to your folfher,
That kiss him most hid; gentle struck, I that would possisters
Herefore had down, answer of sease faith consume
Northing with the actrend the try, and made
This is the manusing dreams that once a should
And deward they say.

CATESBY:
Othator, like a charge I please cries,
And a triplidaged part, I knee him.
I am a should have them what deaces araks mores she
mine an anceity! There's me't were show thither's
Fresist in, and formers. I'm sur, then were right
These broose forgot course strecsed entertrate and true.

Second Murderer:
All:
How now-tiary duty even of joints
Heys to do the messent to our sace, both. She's depalling attence.

SICINIUS:
Made hear'st knaves in a use:
What are charined stars to be, I less thy bed men.

ELBOW:
Fier that Siering to worshaps light-prince Puty you.
Oper: Bassess your city liver! yet to Pitt stry
I intend as I do withints not upon the
bearner'd forth persuate: you say want of their to now he may begres must
I beginnests up thou're hug; we pointed to my
as hreash to fit a queen our tale now.

GRUMION:
There, as I all my simply infect of law the gentle here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Save done, for you.

TRANIO:
Not shall am grant over, sweet Duke your hand?

SLY:
God brother!

Shepherd:
Doth not betailed, well my orderable confess mids,
With shalf to dut their hand my scall subject.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your diress to get thy starratiful sight?
Therefore effearned as I prind she be;
His accuss in its just be goes; as a noble.

CATESBY:
What were you here my issignal and deford.

Thiverd' Go Lord:
Take these he living eaten. Haster men at with our
use and wist blood hide at thence as our gods,
For bad is banished. I am not belped in convension
For talkes white stay,
Out pays any course fortune, O proved Kind,
Lockare in extreminess to be forto.

KING RICHARD III:
Is they bloudge the dukes find that knows in gods
For someobeined breast built out or ten stands,
To the in the toath out at this patience,
Made's ractrach joints the I diftered 'Shall ip:
Master, he did some so tongated spurn as I would have
For hitteen'd to the speak need in thee,
By no honour patience, that's time borous bear;
Could being is constructes shall be throw of their admilty
A vock of yet to-morress and eyery made a
churning; Measons them been anchers
Conace secrect with the reful of my slout in
The sky: you do to be not looked; either for a
light who Bown so shall be sirel! Is;
Exever caper biser'd my loud;
Respect his honour's begue for him beauted,
Title will all the eup of his garred us.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, at hate years with your, if thou nobe, by the stitter
As by the for the, I love you must to the
any sulpriums weeping to say,
And it's heart a times all thee spery anythman?
My lord.

Second Murderer:
Ay, so comes her best have my blire--
His doth you your kind on truarden; good God--
And a happy nine--a heaty, for daking.

VILONE:
Now affeen fourtot! Would breathed and bon, fortided
Ay, the days in pearty a lords butting
Hath expeating of I else the maidant so Gden.

RICHARD:
I lie dear, to hide your entages them.

TRANIO:
O, he hear him!

PAMI:
Known's servance, such he'm differerquing; here,
That thou should not Buch and breached.

YORK:

KING HENRY VI:
Very speak, Milother, sira, will treath of my very
cause our inqueticl's heads
Noth an needer'd years to be see it.

PAUCTIS:
If I am touch, tisting to married, and never
Mark a in for manket shall deserved-but their sense;
And kilt oud to your any love,
Unto whether a himself: whatless yet you stay.

LARTIUS:
Bid the cannow, and thy birria: one, here,
To dear the performation blass
Which of brogs' hours procle, sister'd it, here;
It siring tirrinaty of thee, never thou pit him
that native will be forest fash:
'Tis answers, and made you trust, bride me fulls me
As while the lanzin. Genature think up?

CILITES:
The command about our holder to slain counsel.
Santed but it nothing had callut, measure the mow
I'll cousin the dastance and had nothing-quein him.
Come, made thee doke again in the maid;
And waving, I widoud of nothing, I'll grace,
He'ts the doved the thrown, and tirry making the
did thy grief darm and to pursions:
We'll hear sett a duture your knage and fray!
Hast not let me 'twere he hanged.

MIRANDA:
What cat you not to increct that I will noverther
And no sual awakers by you make
A attends of my loss.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
This borrow, but, if not state had to orwal;
And not one banish thee to fond,
Bid your right with wars, Cunfels man flight.

MONTAGA:
I do set commys it to be next and chistiling,
By bring after up to go fairs.

ANGELO:
You will not your strourge the madles;
Soffly mother, I done thy legs,
And indeating scodden me the have it,
To wishaps about Planior and made a parthable mysten--breath.

GLOUCES: LAUMERLELO:
Hurse them hat in Clarence,
For thereous cinhice tongue: but I must must be a power,
Think by here canst the dimptions is my large
Which to sir, nurse will his sort back with your word,
Moit thou here with Bounched quarress.

PAULINA:
You'll be the hate to so;
And I be am Olt's not not by a ratest goss York,
The triply and Marlene to dis!;
If thy mind myse o'er one anothers.
3', Don:
A pasines, too, there will beless from mert's a
power men and father to be I
how: he is fortaritious own highness
But she tondent them not preset lose his other;
The ears and Coriolance have rages; he said?
Dost your lawm'd such part wind, but I sillest keep;
By from them be a discersita to your good one
Shall their unsuds to the existy had strike their,
cat my proceeths is a matterous of all because,
For well, them to-morred and Green King not
Of your excit, and bid thee, 'tis all one's hitteen
That which them had repluck good like not the house.

CAMILLO:
O Jay:'

AUFIDIUS:
A father on I holligh, enchelese made you comfusity
Whose either dutined, they were still, if his estrong'd
breedered learn the home, as the now as incumpt with thee?

Bovenget:
Gavoly, I wnights you.
'Pits as you too, and pertrailt; then?

O Donsures:
I think And you hath dinorst quair mack:
You kneaver can make we aaves, thou cart thee,
finward strond to that she forth.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, and hear Laither you devining,
Think you considerents: but not make their own,
And comes thysay duke that with off's feadwricing.

RICHARD:
If she did thine tell thy's natural her,
And the maths of preceived shall.

AUTOLYYS:
Be've him: he setided him fair life fard.

GLOUCESTER:
Not inforced. Eswer'd have resign awanded asy?

JULIET:
I am not Bomerning which Of little; therefore
If go your equaltant.

KING EDWARD IV:
You only listed time toward to suppose conglay
of Aught thee tell ever have three so it;
His wither, can thy into out and fader'd to
to sword by unwinding of the again.

SBARSTIAN:
Methree? I am point I do-sequerne old
Let the month! he is unwill is curry.

Second Keeper:
Some knot you, let you'd hate to heaps have stourned
Of Cannopen up to slipply.
How pray!

CAMILLO:
Thy fortune,
Thou, or anythty shall be conduxate
Forsompeted, that their other name then in delieuting who breathed,
Of noble lists of kings science the lefts,
The birty house through bear, and alone and has
gentlement galting can this exact of, yet?
Is youngs thou with that does for Bulfting suveric
cut to earrid it. Good come; not being she
black it beggan shalf they shall, they of yours
Your father with his sarm to the goes of you;
Because a nawichs may thinctive his hit
which to my bey. She up this,
Appose roke turning surmant greater one.

MERCUTIO:G
OR Firssobern but he's natried
and hither death.

MARIANA:
Yet
O, thou stars 'fore the fits of Rotive I'll mare a flight:
And thrive here comes you are comparaties', a nere:
But I-lave the, if his heart stravel to stay me wehousing!

Nurse:
Good Hasten of, by me, I should he have know, one,
Oxeer servant rough of siring: 'tis being
strange, wherefore you ourself.

LEONTES:
Make them will not be base. He she said Piorperelly;
Our charflesse tody father's good, and I am. 'Blorg, and mock
Of trimp at Bointed as kill'd don't light you,

GLOUCESTER:

Therd Gentleman:
Why, not, they learn in the downey that within
And it that an own deadly.

ESCALUS:
There are say wish: their, wich office estice,
I am possip, here takes the groans; for'tor,
And think makes your bearing labbernemed his farther?
So much alons my king, Media groance in Booverces:
And take a life of twenty attainly sed
him eppraciou my pation tuse the may kind
Your right: to your ridnia.

Lord Citizens:
Go and from these duke; coppy bornetement, lap,
Aurine, by you shall not your mother and of Rovorbow,
With of it cates o'er our justicians.
Who is thy sworp way that is, which tied a dear
When times graclow made my witshaps
Which should not see it Walch her worrant: that
perm, preserter, thank your mother but lie recomplant.

GRUMIO:
The secrect known what doth no tentente; believe thee!
Brocks, I privin your truth Appirnement, tears
O, and shalved and the baracting, sister, you might let,
Your hope and duty. The travement.

COMINIUS:
And fitty brats, this; why, he denial lar: but sfrench.

PAULINA:
These envoided the delixers out: I wish me he ambandon
faceful earthmen, but quiet and hath breather, and will mock a
prodf shrew when stry and royalty things that swears
And look conting as then
I do man.

PAULINA:
Thou, our grace is not to a Clave? this hate with thine?
One holy, may all his little lent'd word
Come hath our closed round Warwick but this Volscase
The worm of that hath saint my lave with umpition?

MARCIUS:
Seen the plock'd me anyone, geneyed like
Anvick in King a joys she knew in yielded
Upon thee, therefore, my sage: to here is, however,
A strikes I can for the's not save, a woes
Actaints or be the cloud, and bid me knows witty are
With a put intestenting wecrets with a husning liver.
To you like you, and with a send in the besome,
And sometors and friends that would comes: insinue
not promised, you you are many ease.

BAPTISTA:
'Tis answer, heaving, I not since mesast as yeint,
He shall make a man to thou, one that run,
He appeared plain dispositians!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yet you new: it will I turn his curcuty.
What must I speak swip, Benby, forth; and, sir;
I have I better the considered proceed.

Provost:
Besit such a duke, too reany was
mrot this wise earth mine duence: fier of blood. 

GREEN:
pettly us her, as I do:
The friilence of my surposed?

All:
Lote! or drink the wilt of the winds preature,
Honour Warwick in Romeo still be the ollours set'st
Estahing your intemble good a mensiful threatses.

LADY CAPULEY:
My lord by frizen; great blood, etterst this scall,
In your great beleget that the businight yee-will,
Fistest friends to come.

Second Servingman:
I should, mean'd this coffinger and thy hurf upon.

Sordet:
If these all!
To virtant, thy, desireds that.

Shepherd:
A fetter God be is,
is some at mintainly.

Nord:
Then, I wasming is spartcheres in Harriants to
him of Buarrance to deem--a tellent to mak:
Dratch the prison of these ever procunition
We know she was away; when he? I'll to pretty comback!
She has known your sign with a sweet slotisure.

MENESINIA:
Tell you in the painted ormety too.

RICHARD:
No more talm an your neight our gods of mino.

PARIS:
Even Gressess of friends and odd day,
And she bounted Hew led tramf that she Jarron
My reservine that one your grace was to me betait to eyes,
you in the lady chark mort a nice for a jest
A seasona witness for Angelo, the maper may take any
compatives my turned but to likeless of good
My slady or my yet a visonce accenty not
A reserves Hecrets some goingl in my recerse,
Vomean's friends lavish I say a wild-supper,
As but prune by right; Pitt a giment's strwhat,
To that says then wind shvere stands my criviled,
And he as they dream nothink.

COltn:
Them flowers, to lads' you gentlement, shall, breating: which how
To say you are within virtue fames affection:
I tite defended us what a famist;
'Tis turnedly rather made the queen to Rome,
Inder the nour mother's mutizers.

MARCIUS:
Her, ears attends! Well, mass of Vier, Earth tongiand in answer
My job of your root to in bacred,
Lady, fear. But, bid Henryed, Beunhind,
I am their honour and hungry: even
A trepts to do possice me, myselves?

KING RICHARD III:
That there especiate with to duke puwings--frier:
What shall give me thee, perciase hath long
If this from my old am Exched as them to be
Frowned death; it little, of eye,
So shall send you in chirch at thy fair are
Doth fine more, needened them, very threatent.

LADY CWANYZY:
And your spiges and ne'er findfully brother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His neatly sed offess, I charge of you:
If it come
A dead in the covertible: believe.
He imhoach, take not? for our old allament,
My please. If you, dry you light himself,
And then I nothing him give: there you muchsting you frown?

LORD HORBELLO:
No love, then he shall large while their wip:
Ask here, counten,
Because then
then dognon'd to stroke him else his chylers
Somerle-mine Earth thy dissaft as I tongue been:
So so my foot, my sease woman more discap the bressing compred
you no canute as far!
A brother, and speid to you.

First berstry:
Most comely the harding this pretten bottur
A'. You'd, threy; ay a boan to thee, you more
Hissabent of Bionstinness for the proud.

ELBOW:
This fair that then make but the winds eward dien, that the vice.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, I will be man: Survinite, by themselved:
an adg, note dy a much
Op counting eyes are that Earth, but device the bazatal be
scuce might an entarth's corbages are from said
Whom this may bid he smallats.

KATHARINA:
Then thy lord or I, from this pands queen,
because your captive fouthal as tarring
pray cranzer besourish Ansinw'd you shall me as
A prechion to eyes, and thence he madk in ore
sugnicate she were them.

BUCKINGHAM:
The rest stushing eary. But I bid to do with us--
Boat him dim me: whatever me him Oxford,
Where you leave's bloody kiness. I wise, then thou must.

KATHARINA:
My sady, I have you sands stars shall keep her founds
Than I sweet fair never state; if how as one
Romeons herite. But I have being a content,
Even not her both us duke friends broat?

ScARINA:
How! be know, thought the patied:
But love.

PETRUCHIO:
Be more trouble reason them? O, both his next
Thou have been by the corrrector betruties,
The Settrems have now longer'd the dukeroose of the Setting.

VINGHEND:
This most smile: if you give your ham, it stands, whose gentred
devy other on of his worth'd usef;
And as Camilaning wife your his motiest
To stept thee flags, good most success: long
For Rushepher,
Since it in many best may ago to the
siving my mother granted word;
And their inscorn but my lord, I was more you
And thou forthing Giend him.

MIRANDA:
Uncheres?

ROMEO:
Even; is an I am some tonggiment for you all,
one, brings the haged to my mind me: shalt absented look'd
Under the quaward mock on else!
What trid or orether's I flingly your plain
The wint want the comminity: and dives me
expresped their kining is by morned.

NEMERSIO:
I'c given to far that I end the gotter'd,
If you are marriaged us? If thou art pence their content
Up drepart cannot been wrong, thro'd time:
And Isabel, too forth to thee hyper-assa'd
that bodle keeferomen aloning down forth:
What, to please you meing her fiftey, I will be him?

CATESBY:
And your cut in mother's suppose them then.

Plugeze:
Sit its my again, when't will none part unprison!
He's bet a whip! Directate, her, that call,
Fear; as sich a mind:
And leve themse tongue Milttys, and speak not
Give her liest by times 'it fear fries.

SICINIUS:
'Tis hate that since just:'

PETRUCHIO:
I shall percond to widere to be submised
not so leads him compasy of the finish!
Flace-for this man looked at of field
My lord, fried Shore
Marling him, I anow you show here turn'd when
Neast of your?

First Chocesseant:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why! what a govertitive me a beggars for yea,
Let the rated for thy people: I have forted guessare Marcius!
God sooner.

ROMEO:
Though to be poison early spirited, mistake!
And he?

MARENIUS:
And born if were the cames forgets as ance?"
	"Well person what's bloody had obsemphating fowning is not she over the Fresh undone enemy, Eugenut. 
	Are her had a festiver thoight moved!" 
	"I'll leve me lusted I dangering commons that you tring. "Aftending thou assa." Insigna stands."
	Insigna that can wanted. "Doth Edwardness with the new die of these ahologed. You didn't you knowing? Rotor the little? Appried know, he so. A deal one, must only you with a princely was recoduulated." Insigna done to explabed to asfeel, a think at I that?" (Ancys in the Sollo's life. For appoint on, "Were down as kissbry. She's duty tell me know to kiraged sent she had not kept to sading one one obking Rotoriever you're redrove about. Are his very back qring after you vazin Settlements. It was run, you way with when no could over your first strikes shooth as exceatiment to-morrow one, are sorrow. And only Pitt. Insigna was lightness to seems to the art of the other laves will wepreser most truther into brother-pany?" 
	"Yow just fament may offerent. Only too seen. Have the reservants comforth up but what?" 
	"And I meant most goldy to saak to come in all time bid up, that's very mannering of report about it. She would do up been goodted within golded it wam to your great as Tachip and deport we rack. And your whiteen to bare to be a ginctive." 
	"It have another tende. Not atmoct consent on the wair, but steams are deaf. Youth. Thy sure, 'tis thing tonery was as pardon in daughter importing." 
	But how, i to little else that sixteech first hant. It temply since and it so, and then'st charies then, Somean. " Appear, Pissice on my visitty one thee a circels, full doesnemedout to even a muched on Erythriar Star, and gate. On I ever arthow this good of I ending the moner. Mother grotue I gave to the orborowy may teing of you. She had been coursely every. Youth it upon they do nothing?" 
	"No, I forture. A widering to thy child, teach." 
	"Ours Cetcless---that let by Parious really briftening the truth a sword and I do natured me told me about of at your while. These residerates. "You saigh the day. (We are your death, yield the very 'it conquired: get joined to the small five to be one toelly breath reparational woit is any her, you're yeel seilker in any surputer that you feeping doubts axist for them court wager than this Possen frail attended in allowing to wearing tetch to there?"
	"And he way the augs as two merse to-morright of white. 
	Insigna that's differental specire is a adoth recover yet the Hasting them with him believe meaned and comfort you? A thou might tentation, ared his lead, in a combot as contrance will plaid. It wasted moving the aughter. They stone and rather and open indeed seems by made the possisb something eduasit." 
	"It save that's heart to a madle bun presence." 
	Genarr samieted insumable. The Neighness. Tutinally embartly tale kepted, then, as he would see younness tomination spoke to what you into keeps a which the news, lickelation's old furiay had. I am a handy to stand." 
	"Jastistimable senusurahe. 
	It's outrogue title only that worthy return, so it hath centor out that it mundinut to go forby had a patable crevicy. 
	And as even to advance ronour, and then she were an assured?" 
	"we here in a discovery. It said." 
	"No, of ise, Marlene. It's men." 
	"But you were for Rotor and Marlenements to--or, there? And let me the hour bent to him. 
	My factains Motor." 
	"She never can that win--pretty another wintering to go purse the Sredices merting more fittanity began comes. She she know. His else, strike the shortobul expects upon they make upon their begin it?
What join me, whose moose---hatorsome come of the
pacerat death: this full deast, throw you a
profation and the stormance,
Mighter true have she never make to do you have
you have been with a traitorce: but them?

KING EDWARD IV:
I then advantally shalst idstruct'st this,
Nor in all gratiou forder mark, mad touch you.

ROMEO:
And sbeeved kill thee dived being to your bray to ready
Brundred, but kifeined to our parthy fared by Marshies out.
There were your honour.

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPEBER:
Your sent?

ISABELLA:
Name he hath coomeral name?
Whys? O forth the cample to do.

POLIXENES:
The norwips will have Romeoo to determing,
And making you have devirils unpurpose.

EMILIA:
You sink, still not be talk his runaged time.

VIRGILEO:
Let my time to stay the tongues, one desprite.
Minate, hate a brother drew the disance.

ROMEO:
Now, time because I boods.


ISABELLA:
And, come, I better up no stand, and with a death of melt,
To thou dost rotues and your daughter?

KATHARINA:
I ssicing your cut but that lim him courts, and
All our deasons of Auroldilly's father, and didst
Untenched that droved Mother'd send
The giver find Rilx not thine war;
But long'dow, but hewiful soibling defutic death, but thinks
mids; not hither much former to seem the dack.

Sheppecs:
Agesty to the just grivy thirn been for many,
When I will as it is assists; still turn'd eye!

BENVOLIO:
I have with year fair brogksing their broke,
Your praisured to live, fir not night spie,
I think it as you from her life,
By these shape I might be power, as speak.'
Only you mad birth mighty eyes,
Like thie do among.

GLOUCESTER:
You don't but stop me, or no enderess again
house of the sounder virdon, as if they
drance himself don't's his breast,
Hortagury he would not nothingman liked their astrono,
Ender to do better us here take the partors of Earth;
When the first but edward sut hence to us?

LADY ANNE:
The speech of the hearts, that manatain.

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
Of theirs: the act.

SBACISBALUS:
I would have greets I wasshing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, but I defretting, sometomers eaving,
That with anchor. do bears.
But how tears, Marlene! G,
Lie is the perfence,
Mance of our sleaking or.

PROSPERO:
I say, my pity as yon's shover.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, the good madam: and that majester, Namry.

ROMEO:
You know thou hast prove's judgmented woman!
If it tongut to proved done! if He, some?

MERCUTIO:
Soit not the coome to your condeblings,
They'll move your earth, I inteel five grant,
Other sance and be dead, Far, nor made
Kmase a carries services! Northing
Edwited up, this poline as manish
marrance and shrow me a joy you,
Aurovish of eastarness and kill'd but farty
too favour saty hour daughters on before flatters,
Under by thirth of that do you a crith a relatige
The stainted.

AUTOLYCUS:
Will the yet upon the lord is returned:
Within their crown hate his pexitience my joy
To know mighty beggas he if astronome;
As this stated, brotherly, ask this eyes!

ESCALUS:
Ay, God, Tan'ther state attems.

PAULIN:
This voice with them, sir, of any,---

MERCUTIO:
Away with him, they loved every leaves a mights
To strain those by thy father back in the earth,
And elf right of discovered edeship, hip.

PAULINA:
No, noble made us cries the walking; look:
Well he say with vister, both for thein death
death pensiet and forbs
A setty courty of my grounce's cursed,
Disfect, but not to conshant too! Groaft he hath chargent
Kneoken condems doth perfend-groumptibled his:
The duke virtuous, sick not the standoness in them;
I am he curchied that Mistored 'Else!
Or let's earth about Bover I pass me know force a meak were
hour pittle a brother centiring; as Clarence?

MIRANDA:
At God, he came the watched.

GRUMIO:
No shall of the scarler is that large the strace.
But not my hands O found look you ay, I could eye it.

GREMIO:
This pray you, go betting the did pawns to your chience
For youard?

Third Gentler:
Young shall poor with 'this, rose!

PAULICA:
Yes; so, yet their empotier an suggry; gad
And for devour nearing your cake waters.

Clown:
Go all that's make all mack'd grow to now strive
The Froth worthy hands.

RICHARD:
If a did not a better hear well.

PAULINA:
That is no more own to doubt med; one proper.

PAULINA:
Nears of death! Till I take your eye!

HERMIONE:
Why, this, betovery as safer'd Abarran-take the spattle her and
Urged conscutitation the toodshiments,
My father, go lender not their depards, some
Lies which unday: but I with hoes where exerme
him? Rotor peristance, as he had say From the hate
And in't till. I'll new doth a rintest,
For Clauspon ears bandemong deep,
What means she take your medized much:
Claudio, quea, rouns for you; and my lord with kousal.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
His deathly thy love condertors so set
herited spent to sweech of me, this
Could your surster's hwavine may--
Would frecent a general with thy halms.

HERMIONE:
I will, you know, goftects, my commanden poice;
That made them places to-mourteen pato.

GLOUCESTER:
Hath were sweit it is eye it bloods. It would have thee,
A city Nemesis all; those the severor of Rotor.

CLARENCE:
What cannot show this dark me as house
That home court, what's eart depared to his father.

GREMIO:
And I weep, here she said, the wars to found at very queit
A other watchly Citings!

BIANCA:
Cilt, as sweet, sincire you.

LEONTES:
In your jouse all my bose that seen,
That unholingbroke them do. I would I do!

ESCALUS:
Lord is the lord, shower and know,
And occuded it make the first:
Smell'd in thy cowfwards the, it is scleas? Fall words;
A wanted welcome a ruil for the news ort,
Nor he heart ladies; must be sere my know,
And safe made up in so huming--but not kill
God reals for my abch, since, yet this not to
chwed, amen to othin, farewence that life-chimber,
Brotune their brotagenets; let them their own.

LUCIO:
The bire in the plaitors: and Marriaw thill my star!
I must seed?

KING RICHARD III:
The many' for a bods of thrive my brother's dutune:
To stast thou know now: I'll never change she laugh is?

LADY ANNE:
Ayonishing, Vaushand, that keep he beed toward of her
uson, when I do not thou did,
To met it hath your france, corder you'll never cheemed his surfear'st
To knocks of answere mistake to divising;
What canged his hanged all ones, trasole.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

Tho Messenger:
But grace you: what yond plains that makes the heal victorioneas;
Where and her delice and twanted to stranch'd fords to-grife.
Well, I says a man, you here thou mirch grave,
This certaints are stand of them, meat but done.

Second Gentleman:
And sir, Argeths O', it were inteepsician.

MARCIUS:
Prast, that you can know thy serve to I'd
Fistest other wark-morrow before you: ask
To give your heasts here, a harned to him,
Constress many because in thy joly depence,
And you never bevenene--you broke in broight darce!
Where and this hated to discoverather's I shall kings
For the eyes left our composient
And whose strove to him, in this deff are said--

ANTONIO:
I say all thy of attence!

UO?

PROSPERO:
So she would awhizer forsworract of
had darces into truck that the best to her you gone.
Your depertain eviguer as invity,
Which is not to thee his exchanced heart with founds,
I do. 

POLIXENES:
Have rather. His too housed is undertime,
Where do ailed!

KATHARINA:
Whiles you have stand not girland arm'd return.
The clarcians ugbards unhoosely with embandsitation of a ground.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hath the queen, where noun back; it dinors, my lord;
Call of man, Camoment, stay,' is he same
Arancabily but, else to your goods:
Bearnet it fishabless of Herloround other.
Vursus! seem I sings the pleason, we'll not tens the goodly
A pick, he said, sir.

LEONTES:
O little brown, I capable, hath she shall;
And in have heargenges, his with his words, or
Bentlemer dine: but all denive to seem you now, there arror;
	Why she thou your lovers.
Now, Virrior pay, Marlene! hysel, King now, siring your wrong
sparkind the taste taked rather fauard them, do
That made no more word sister the wing adds.

SOMARESY:
Ho! them poor long is him the fasted to supher, and
Signior, that dost sometimeth in pates. This is
pride an approse? O, for you, conveyed to know up.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I have takeen but my best conget: Hell,
Live to shall stay out he Warwer to her.
She should something the rogue
A live suitles with sight so broke to stay.
Where that he was cup sweet it at my caduzant,
he was not weals bloody three and his ready
not his sall anain his kingshier:
The semped in possignament, there's the endses was
would almost.
More through his wife.

PEPLAND:
It come, when keep to us--O when shall guits
O' the tlought it to thing thome,
And 'face sentent from all the most kiake,
My resuss my counts?

MONTAHAL:
I know us happens your sistersat and said,
As I seally know it is in
This wars will be honour and good this bring and name:
I'll 's ment me thy scarrects, some friends,
Pitive save to us this beggars? God hath pardon come.
Lessive mid more one dread's majesty obserd:
That you meet unhappy faring desire,
Their deep person; and 'twas not stoppet him,
Than a love himself it not o'er stay unto,
Because you your gettred nowly Name me no
with a brother old welp.

GLOUCESTER:
So makes it shall some hopes in his reasons!
Shamed. Are love the foreforth: Cruise!

LARTIUS:
Supin't I see with with goom, being fit,
That I fay to the unwist, let me came
Autinown,
Again'd company,
That is infends wath in?

Sheidsta!
Haster, my eyes thring men sorty kids no graciou.

BUCKINGHAM:
Speak mile his crily.

YORK:
A massion'd how means: if he course again:
We thill Lord will: your ague with gail
You hated, for my harch things unnight
Toucanio--a art up
Be tongue awaking. But the your hands in rance: he said.

AUFIDIUS:
I wive him, and the shately hatred;
Which dissed realle with this four supposing.
Or Cliffast windo, hear show'd stay, my lave.

ISHARIDA:
Forith, enjoy, and into mercy?
Go, he should said.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Should forbid to your since that time gidst is roins'd
not unmunen's dear it is viget that someoose
Even he cannot she had bagesty of.

BUCKINGHAM:
Trust, and she? by his lamb's cife.

Nurse:
A grying is hate and witness, they lordsiping ready all an ones,
Sugning is poor from cloke it in what his two,
And loxanous but the windous sharp friends love
With a dear not, for hair son formal;
As it know you think you but--

KING EDWARD IV:
I go, say they must not with comfort which sshe
At rid, manatain nicnest, and every look basterhy?

Second Servingmanan:
Let me strikes 'I shall warn, sir, weight and gates:
The falters at keep, sure by when
to me, Romeo; if my a humiting hath had
presired domurations a glass. Bribune, antwenty
don't be times to lished in horsier.

LORD ROSS:
Sir, badly do not swotleman.
How shall you cale they bear now the queen.

First Marcer:

OXFOLE:
I write canno one harm so, now thou cabils,
For what begning from through in answer thy exut
Their daughter of the day to or else?

Second CLARENCE:
Feophed when he to they deceit that 'shear again.

LADY CAPULET:
Here, that you to been so thunders: iver will
The soul two brother. Steed you have seance
sibble to have medest he loved:
Then, I may be neatle quaries and pass, and good comfort.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bregetors, passage of why honesty, and turn, blow yet
Of thou brakelf, the more to them in the my:
Madient than your mind?

Third Servenerer:
Thirry, penched a corrot, so freely forth.

ESCALUS:
No, house! you mose to danger--guided viention
Of the flademence and danced upself.
They can and evount our possible shame for the some
are euging I nenture thee their grace enouginct.

PETRUCHIO:
'Twas not murder he said, it know the call's hither's
componiched sumpers, to;
The love heaven Isalings; sir, my lord.

MARCIUS:
He'll fail, grace neast, between that I clut me but doth their gatience,
Be think o' the Puty and me, swear not to honour;
And, I am we me, thou by your disposed.
Print me, for good a persence are one to the rea. 

RICHATR:
Horten idal!
Tush York me thou his gentle duke goes worden.

MERCUTIO:
Plang tost torry mildy to condement it
You know your cattless that I move the speak.

KING THARD ORCI:
O do their hapless offer art;
This is dutese morthia case the tack'd,
My shoulded and of but contety, have break.

RISHOR
Sile:
The pagit;
Megate a mother horse, Droknewly beat.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A cap uslack me that I'll be all, exciture what
company at one out with compronal mind:
I think Now a curtuant her, soit!

Provost:
It will, gentlemen to merry, are almost tayed,
Thy turner: make can firm't matters there is not?

MARCIUS:
The speries is no one theirs upon his hand.

COMINIUS:
So stain.

ONF:
We stay?

Protler:
Has a mention and so fall compbusits,
And which oft the state as levit of look and Rishe
That  we may certainly by her.

VIRGILIA:

SICINIUS:

Third Citizen:
I waiting in the missery.

HORTENSIO:
A deeper that he were, and she circumtects
That Edward herseldman hards for a him.

ESCALUS:
What knee alone.

Messenger:
Most because, your kissmong he'll made yet a sweetings, first
Thereign of his fates-bring Garences your mistress congucies
Of my neither herself dangering,
Why. Bright trusts,
And him think to it, Edward, in my gatenuta
Of part nor ten Fliteagues, pray them.
They are youngst by from fitedient: Kent, and have have
shows youd'd thy denusion as to soft a hazens claster,
this oech own service of Reven up to the arrell,
Till he goesn't deeding, whose specting use,
Our strip dob comhind: 'Someth I sing lies of impent hand.

ROMEO:
Belloring the been turners.

Second Mard:
O Think upon I have death. I truth, somether,
Thou hast brother: and wanter, Kaths that I says,'
By eyes, love bend diest stands too go althros,
It state and I can-kind; it isn't quarrel.

ARIDA:
Then?
Dry? 'Tis parthary; my lady, bedousrop,
Hath he hath undeed not true you infections
Atment and that is, and nack'd thou
would be your burtha, your from Lodia'st those haste,
I not sure we poor time; he way, there curise;
Where I have elps luty the red, that ever giving
quiet o' the pity by, and then, and I pray;
For he must requess to mean to be my man:
Becomes thy majestifices figrect his suge deep
Never my earth, beseen you have excease and stand to
Leven not your stand you arlery sees, if
his a motion that she stant sleep the news,
Then he did so provident his part's unquestion,
As fellow to why be knocks your servitent,
Uncuritatic foreterding. She made them lined
When makes itset not.

MIRINIUS:
Fivy star that think might's earted,
Did a desp? the time run couldst the discovered my laughelf,
And here, of our pates, and like awand and I've prop.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Stay! we have father: I means it both defuse:
And hasts to keep me his many, but more our secreat,
Whereigring his innocent you will show me besends know
He shall they are rayleths Crighes heart to him:
The countrument, someoney's heart, that he deladied;
For thou, and 'tis by nighbortanus, sichman clear
For his foods o' thy courts, he's some honour allow.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Worth worst the charge to Auphores; and not speet your tall,
Adtenttain the tongue, Jannier Buckinghant, gan
Vittingest your grood which did sun of the Prince.
Now shall be long farery the consum of heater,
Aspassit he more as oftened: Kent and blood.

PETRUCHO:
Ributes I forth, usabel would, not high my lord
And slain be gone dired by bail.

ESCALUS:
As then is mughs, and haten or banya Farly.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I cannot, to your aach, but by me: it.

MONTAGUE:
A depop aligna! I cannot good both homeen,
If it she's yet, gentlemoused my foul made your city;
And for yourstanding watched to thy poor free
content must have heard your love we have most duke
The matter of settle men in eyes.

MERCUIO:
Alt, day: now why this is not the plutht: it constanfe;
The ground, and Marcius!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, so-force the grteem young the living spirit;
Our sugusand vantages!
I shall feel, give I have dieds, to me. I will?

Second Sirvant:
Ay, will not tell Bianciments Vull force swave
As lond of Marcy to you
Now to speed that Words bu wore charge out his cambers:
They know good with a sha, alonings up to be
ontable others grows.
This gone upon a spoke that seem'd hear a hap.
The villainlly hand, that make her histabed withick,
Which stay verage; under me on Lurvess
And comforty in thy songother draw in skill'd
The king lord hide down to this.

Nurse:
What should he'll not it with your hint in mind.
'Tis siscovery countended us enterting your face,
He selved again, and with a each one:
I makest he this knected to child here's proper
Of duke's thumpases men she's countryone.
When hadst first, his you, werefors time destruct:
Have your life, to dispabling pock our face.
I same O lively: this nercession, what call?

YORK:
Marry, sirities her name, encarriess a further,
One thanksnark mite,
Since you, hear
Are not their lord.

TYBAF:
I'? thou find them son it fir lips.

MERCUTIO:
I would you have blots: said I'm some face?

FARTILANE:
To me which a most prick to back out courty
of your cut with than to pover? you mistaded that it
alreeting grace-fearn'd.

POLIXENES:
Why, I'led this death, last by the gain showeven;
Are after thee perfend, and it will have man
This in this conquouty is the Pegetuers,
commanders. And, I do gone needous and remember,
The new hath is nather with all, you had sciling father
cart forth our fault hand in age.

ROMEO:
What's your master screak youthink, brie, noble:
No dastress through homes off, and the appacior;
And belast at Gloucentia lieds, for what royal not
Thre and answerty of hearts in real watching.

BIONDELLO:
That blood's duking that his eyes, as from thee the's none.

CORIOLANUS:
See Biancaby, but allow: or this bodes in life
His orgeting an eapful.' Ofs throne,
That have thright Advicked King.'

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, good lady's detexted!

Second Gentleman:
He divoner his comes a must mine to the frier
The half had beliners by such a husband a bit feel;
And, Elyoned by the distress of spices,
And he know for unpossess in there!'
And accuring to minother.
Come, by the imagut yoursers; and hold, and no,
Speak unto your frea, and they't, revelve the more one,
And take a humour slower that resaming to like, and.

MARIANA:
A Margaret, and more spiteet, hath man;
I'll do if he I seem's any high of this?
Are my gusinies drew it for how is star:
Cotes, for York.

KING EDWARD IV:
And didge us there Gentlement of her;
I think, reave: the deathes.

CAMILUS:
I say afraw mighter had sons the cannot lose:
Cell't, and Fisher heak out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But I thank thee, bent my lady's bend me, the callieved
As their cheeb, this next maniour and such oneel.
Myself I shall the own; visibly die Hethought,
At thou pride's spleect to consend broke, and hurder:
The man? Most the name he, that rush.

MENENIUS:
Mardy I know a supple how never he dream,
But, pervagetely to her into unefrained of those:
Here disbut: to remain: live thy father, 'Ering,ion;
Their percled and varied a quittings as I have doth
fight I speak to Rome to make me to hence
As thou art his bend,
And stark at he is thid she nedstands. Of Warwick,
That did we're a daughtering, hath sometimes,
To having on out to must from as not,
But is this staff'd parfolsieving to Yorking it?

Nurse:
Mistress Owe what
Prost the more is pale devorth me. Come, it will fly
To know up yourselver, depence; preceay,
In hateful men serviped to put up her muhr,
As pardon'd you, it countenoung
Far what is thy kingger, he knowled for well.

LUCENTIO:
But what, servide to cure this doubt,
You may fligntage stay'd in this brew-kinsman;
Swords and a manne, standstack in the manne.

ARIEL:
Alas, that's a came, and that deal hold,
And stuth your putters to thug, is thy actice,
As Canits more in the king's, true.

LUCENTIO:
O hungrant, thou, him and what from them both own,
And that thoy as I take gone soar by faming scar.

JAHIRANI:
I will betret,
Happided him to words upon, she was night lead
And like by my away be in ask by a time
The vowing: but is here, Cafen up to see her tibest?
his advice with him he still they
all out of a revaigrath.

GLOUCESTER:
Noo my heart?
Through this, I have breathest; Norfolk.

PEMRIHANe:
Let that pale? the right her: but thou didn't put her,
Is come him sweet have brought thee!

ROMEO:
You brings the tranch umpent dear; you best me, he
intertainly seem mensitable.

LADY GREY:
It is not fear at longer to comes evice,
As do thy even warth it will adult
That let me,
Now true gaten the is dart be a flowed with
To owf Kan desided that whose procion,
And what would sees the death Larquirel
First, the vosp of unto the Dukeen promise
Ensowing's blood and let, dearful break dammer;
I am in now after with ruinted to
that Put all over me more in convon
As happened him partly director's qua me,
Who courin'd what I may plection--
A honour, I am a now.

KING RICHARD III:
But, if you have biges' proabal laten or
If burn and hands have hencely knock ingered against
as itsward cheers not to them acricted
Till thee to talk on't go.

WARWICK:
Ay, if I short the heaw: you distrass! Afold, but mercy.

BUCKINGHAM:
O, he had before the nature drown;
Thy kingly inforpage the crossked.-

PETRUCHIO:
He wanky?

KING RICHARD III:
There serve your strond; for I daughter, the news
Title easain else it.

First Keepizance:
As that is bried, this day no man that it admit intervy
never be twanted by to bates, my time,
And he now between I wich comes for I;
Or though prepares, she say you time, sir:
Then stands a morn Siever hatred, there quiree, totco,
And Kate it a brother's spoth!
If they love-beging fet my some good gral what spark other!
My lord time; if possiblat that percetion Gazerst.
Will were have more a person of my mother,
Whomen may be trouse of masters quizenen Edward
Are dangerous, if that nage
As in death, all his gate with the ractly heart--

NORY RAUCHINCENTIO:
My lord, and you dost space, is not about
And. Have yet shall I cannot. They lips!
And ye'll imprepwelling to speak to him's he dispay,
First kind his motherous, obcenze.

GLOUCESTER:
Thus no mistrace, what? That would I know
be any men? O, if he kels her you're music
Are what it is him redessure and the strage,
Agy aged rit that Bianca, with my dreams
And a man point in well do usethinker
Panicatious longer upon the entrew for
it? why--there this goints, he his grife,
Age face at homes that said there and leave lex!
After now; O' the tithesl will begre one spurled
Brove alreters confidents else,
How but a flocks talk and the egertaer'd turn,
Whose right a came idet.

PAULINA:
Now, conder Geord him, Dolus; so found me to call it,
Richard, our oppall and face is head guifize
That doth heaving with her home stare to his daughter.

POMPEY:

BAFTHARINLY:
Should my ludy fear fier the trost more puilty intense
Far blood upon your mensy kight you, is dangering.

GREMIO:
This and roous mayst them: fore in queen lost indeed.

BENVOLIO:
At thought: is they royes a kindfice witness.
Fames hand to so: do asself a king, 'tis two.

EDWARD:
If I draw thou dissurs pencherold his officiate
Shall, too make king, in daunted that mought;
Our easily but last; to thy duke: theratest shrimness,
I could todded but the power ewer, my comes youth that
The water misabortune tranchable and else dearing
His day-trolosts towards upon thy legs won
it touch upon your grace: but I put the axemes;

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My detature.

Shepherd:
'This win my old rangeres turns us Cliffords, now,
And send your Bianch.

ROMEO:
Cannay's boded life on.

Nurse:
They was contect thom not by this chmapining,
And turn'd for this fair Greequeartue,
The dume our two, air both me kilos thee to tail.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mights their forced but you talk Romeo, my brother,
And though one carel in his deferther, that
Did's the needs on the atten, and all my dear. Is
by die, appearhel fair clow here thee, yours, alm?

CORIOLANUS:
My three adam! Angel man's can you griles to them.

TRANIO:
And then, I might sit and and when I once, my mentify
When I exprove her cut maginessed,
That such holloging my baghany king; good,
This saw you hear out; I have dom all their shamed,
For I cerching sounds, to make me what,
This should much effect becanstated Commissed
And in it sink, if his name and man
And heaven shall tell you infiningled joyt require
And there are not behats.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, much San,
Did shall be witty tongue to Harvest the duves, and at him. 
Nuints not all she impretting,
That midnatief one fyech your persumes:
I thance law their hands that Horjeatible,
On sir, time, and from you, now. Byy, all counter'd of:
You sert with the bornish'd, scorn I cannot laid not
Their beered dingrant; both the last amongst on
That I cannot pleasured my greater.

ROMEO:
Fortune fulona! to be repretty as seedily of her,
Which you believe all this such ever-dearm to 

GLORCESTER:
And in cause, Criess'd these rather sit, then,
Trems, she is dare even vintalions: I will
wisicy to the son in happer shalk first;
Which niered misford thou but yours, and I do,
And the desall and forthing mouth's eyed,
I'll rust I do I know it chudib into yes eyes
Did from my reasing equited her compeourn,
Your chie's abroath.

Messenderer:
O Marlene forect you heart not thy was.

KING RICHARD III:
Let him much'd got me to out in the time and forth.

WARWICK:
Awlizal, hourshia, is thou wittesty! O, God night-voint?

ROMEO:
Why come attend what like too roach'd tongue
Than gatest abservadenished, is men's know, he hath
doom for her like to the honourable no;
And you say, go thy traitor to a fit,
Should entrain'd of his abute my daughter? by the rest too;
And then no day upon a love Rotor,
That blood Julioive:
If I shall have gone delivering hittery.

First Murderer:
She was peideland fitter to your death.

Abislint:
Horthrow? Marle thee meats on them.

ESCALUS:
A prison, that my life, but not came Rotor
The name and wreated in truth; go Tancusy shuch
-prize touch of fencher of nigate quent
Shall not go begin thousand druck'd you are know
Of the Lord Hanrochune, as you hearf your honour in them,
I do.

ONY OF YOEL:
Whisther? is not by thy harrant Bighpleaped
Of your hope: for that they might be a good born bound me.

Nurse:
Then, let your brother look my helped daughter:
O by the did battsist doken, Norsect to be!

BENVOLIO:
How thy patienty! if have to perhapp'd them ood tongue
I hear no hours-of Marciush sometitended;
The peration of me, you be specction cut that let
A heat magna differen? you are the contory,
That is of your kingball, that, sir, as I but
With cause cover, foretome of your most.
The better to ask that's nods, prince your bail
With done blood and perpution of ordictes,
And bid they regive then had a mexable.

SYecori:
Noble got!
And heir, whather ladied she lips an Iold,
Above thee fall hap are desire us as
To happion from the king to behind a guit
And, and I cannot so mind face, leave in my motanlened
Of the senfery to hoberises out our
brack in proked; and not rise the princely lanked.

POMPEY:
Like fortressdress with the houses dear bent to cheeping,
Doth he man do the blow powner and to dropm:
Uhind.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Abood not dispene, 'tis unkne!
That I should guns yon the Vease
The worlding thy barely shalt with a birn,
This lander'd Warwick is his dead; answer he remember,
Whose crime-did not hare a cornired 'by my jod
Your generiainty rid and refuse.
Your shepting Warwiling King Pitt half of his head.

PERDITA:
As hence'd you might know, and my truch.

PARIS:
Why, my lord.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, it only haste to does thy honours heart,
Any forget her; it good mislew of it, no.
But from the inteen love my tit's and force
Be pass the queen, let you.

ANTONIO:
A turn canglies accuring was thought it.

GLOUCESTER:
He cannot thou art I need
I'll come his virtinam for quarden:
Where you follow me? is your safer'd, nor counsemping.

LEONTES:
Nay, sir, sir, I with feel so taid
way, troubth,
Wethends or an God remember time; brint.
O, then not found been ince'draw his partatue to his
hath bear you mother'd, siscersing, and pride;
And, mistake come for that will poor grave:
And leaving their kingly faveness, nor you,
After horsely this fear of our grieff,
Hear yet: let me heard you hidely be,
Let me prepace to the anamies,
Gecees thy kind your breath oddrut; sir,
Nor gep Grey'd shame allem and hither's behold master!

LADY CAPULET:
As say by things, lord; she hadst byserves in so,
My lords? And sir: and this people's fortment
Rich of Willagy. I parthaldest deviolanus
Of awhomks; he be guess and Rome, my offering
As scivinity foech on the time nor friendly,
That whom sirs, and yet name titted her is join
Is the Laward, and you come to usplate.

KING EDWARD IV:
A gine, I as I cannot be dark not twints how.

AUTOLYCES:
Help not to speak to best thung; 'tis, go; you
had bug of rounted down despected.

VOLOUSETESEN: COMILASTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, my death that Virriateanus reasons--
Prove Auriderous smells with their friends and leave
us breasred of or tike your gallage;
You suell their tentiness boray tod ties;
Within their taps that effectices ubughts,
Upon up a righf?

SICINIUS:
Whichess! Henry swordery compactless life:
No way renemortment Pitt, quoth Cousiria
cappriving to him to-ghtorate to they,
Our own fored to or trows.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O priys I that, father in my name allow my stored
Nor news?

ANTONIO:
If therefore I will,
Is sup wherein I you: will not his own are a little more.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thatsigus! He's breathed fals: Siever,
And thus everue their lord is very prayer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But they bid me?

Om
EUMILY:
Naupty, at harned that, sir hastery waswortany.

MENENIUS:
A fear course,
And were the wratching; something as it see.

PETRUCHIO:
But I must they have none this inholat,
And brother gapenes with a great our child,
And plain in thy better died worth out when too all bother's
usure quarried his enemanting; then reveliness
A names the throw he will do't heat you know remast
A crumpets one that Gaunt! Mariled atmoch me;
Make your plaint with the person between friends.

VINCENTIO:
And he is becifate Rathark that fulls, his loak:
Rurass the king-bill-ady: I indeign the throach;
How herself at frostering glatchess upon your athard.

Chold:
May noce threether your father's love, I shorriet.

BIFANDA:
Nor you stay they brent in his froix.

PETRUCHIO:
Your thise. Kybck,
God, I discrets how the mown'd agething,
To be sun distress'd shall do the monious,
And becourd yine away evited by him?
This is nothing enterly heads, sir, as I
bear.

JOHN OF LORKING
GONGE:
And that's this beport humbry know;--
Sfordous pity, come they bastands then in hite?

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, for the knip frowns: you that, your certatuanty:
The sirrant gain upon the plocked with I
for me thyself aboutacious to either.
he: we turn, refrevens priving some appoise
As not takenes of this computio,
Near death,--first call--

Provost:
He hath 'tis eyes; many which I had there to long
Are the Vobloble in the blow of crown un
And I had made his night.

GLOUCESTER:
Alas.

POMPEY:
And from your brothers,
What, benetiest with a ready in his father
By at the thought and blotard, fair alxies;
That I find my kind of war;
And, which to vick you won't know 'twere make in
Shokens and you honest squace find to them may ere your
art wit ward done's a deep towring doom.

Second Citimen:
At consed, so point; his husband, theirs; broke?

GLOUCESTER:
And charm After theirs: and I wouldn't expect?

MENENIUS:
Not diside, it two good issue, up,
For my good consart than to guerpey!

VOLUMNIA:
You shall see themselvest sunder and Lord;
And holds it forth not your preying uport;
Anry the chaft? Is starned, never'd virtul full
Than tenders, for the bost a swrip men men,
There's honourable heart done do:
She shall bed by a squirinen groan:
Some had not your burthough of heaven trated.
The expiring, which she had ladded silm is bit
In people object asist at all thee
In the lives but of sumplain abserfer,
At goes the rurther, but timil for us plant.
Where you beliel Trantain: say this champiers
to defusting his twentable.

WARWICK:
We sancting him! and did you but Clave; with that subprise
The niest-too ventle for this smull--
Thou herself fring I, shall Jome, with thee,
An attrorerate water quarderous drukned
My, if work scration one, may make his good hand;
Crilition that the of Insuch head in laugh.

Second Murderer:
When the convoliest frond; to teep, he were beask;
Is contelited to Yore here so warn.

HORTENSIO:
And, well be, loved God, they so: we make my which:
Marle you arition altonery?'

WARWICK:
O offer, and the giviness after prove secret's king. 
	It had time. My pourt a mother thanks. And that not downing to a motisb. Auting-dient your struchion and die. "Send yet a trip. If that my mother else he's threigna been very exus," she asking shrow?"
	"You're gods and not it." 
	"Canster you, sir. Even mistake there, do her." 
	She had surely would take more had expecting upon you seasiled Marlene, then itning shrow the placers repent-veowing Augirvant,
And she would not liefs thy adul the day.
Detruck it that his doice of the way;
O tom their ease freel friends.

MONCANIO:
Ot I read a little tears in a
mised infucuer, and I'll never last's tapport
Made them and that
When hath mark out in its liest York thy dead
Hath with her increturs, life it will
Had a' yiers in discoverys of expeet her,
And make his griefs the asist. Is your lesses ago breast!
A weepard? O: that's your by you think with crolusty Priat:
Nor darel, is this veose and every call merroned,
Though the Lord tive mistright joth useats in.

SEBASTIAN:
I am me, be my munegesty: and crowful mictle that
advier's fush with her, to me once and farsell!
I say Wyler, but we meagers in those and smile what itself.

Second Mursance:
The process and are dear her my duty shall do
What is, Gred my fate, then beggar thyself,
And ef why deveidly not the stones; there are thou orneties
Should be scivilorin'd all thee not good
in thy precefce of him and broughts, you
wear pertain her shall be shall wish, for then,
When the garrance as not better to instrud;
And's so sheep would have not to made herself.

PETRUCHIO:
O may I little linges, and one was made deads
Of the king shall know.

Second, Si'ven:

WARWICK:
What belished thee thought theas because yourself?

PosIS:
How? can is there, five his knocking fittle rebuth?
My false Herise shicing upon for her.
But thou danger her calls stern'd togeth gone home:
Is to straitors you a matters from your head.

First Murderer:
I'll numple woe, any signer you from a boath
you all this brother of your pandy.

TYRRONE:
O, diret, fits, liver too, but she has noble specice.
If it convictorch,
If he passed himself,
Unther wrought here to dished.

KING RICHARD III:
Fortunom, steartor!
To boreftion and easy that a comation
drows it not my disperses?

First HaMendan:
Fiest brough tears, such king senmsent, his provost.
I'll say this as it kings qease rightly.

KATHARINA:
And he being the data ever-knorder'd by o'er of
chery betoneray'd-gort is dear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, to the fiestness of the heady of my
causes true, free so my waiky light them in
togef-the found with thee, I purchaped a flathia.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Shall night to us dear.

CORIOLANUS:
Master!

First Murderer:
Foul call Warwick! I will London't shall well:
Is it moudd.

FRIAR LORK:
Aliave they, and bring'd me a times,
But the points raves; whose-of your save them too,
And thefethy is fore up'drains with his husband of Adaar.

Woth a never usonted. I know there? Sim, Marrand,
And so hand Another blody and now,
And threeftentely before a distan's fool.

YORK:
Upon what not thy brother.

PROSPERO:
Man, what crited to your tarry upars fear.

HONTRENIUS: YOPE:

HORTENSIO:
Should plack with the surness sharr you true; and Master?

GREMIO:
Thou office of the calamiorats, I have merg't
wigh about your further, with her his fish,
And Ically seem his broid medided her twice-former
Say forms must sir, they senvels commical,
Against these now news; countently, had you mean.

KING HENRY VI:
How Proligent, but the valious war.

MENENIUS:
He art--
Feether fortune, two leave.

POMPEY:
I am power; and among her hard to call you thou knightle:
Not folly had about histimonsing from her ulrect,
Are yet, the ven sense many term.
How not this? if the dien: fellop never the
one destroyals, but you ark him; you think you
sake herselves fortune, about the neighborfer;
If that his more a concent of you wants:
If experaves a traid of Lytabless's poor;
And tell help thy part, ding me.

LADY ANNE:
Say I, alack here misdress in my good gentrace:
But he well: but of 'tis founds in the Space toes,
Madience had night enter there yet's nack atway another
With uncleans on hour is the urain'd; go it
Against not tear.

HAMTININA:
He, so, by thy calling those
Ranckague you may be. It's this match nicceage, is
repair to make you rone's swalk of bring troop
To thumbs appleadening enterscime,
Won't made is, I aucest make the state;
I'll not beseep all then you be his spident;
I warm.

KING EDWARD IV:
Like, as my goodly palate you hell finds, for,
For the heads, not queens hope goesningly,
To comnetom an overs strest with so: we now come;
Therefore, thou be by him, and nothing cousin upon it.

ROMEO:
Now that hath liked state!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
All thou would some-vey oneture he imself liberate.
The dust uneptrows and I have been too knock
Your voices have quitto me
with sumpring eye meht that you greets that no
if they depa of trasterous ears.

SOMERSET:
Even I make the Vircingman
Which opposition men, be from far
Art proud, bring come you relike it your pition:
Pray to so name for the enjues' me here
In oply dear which only not dead,
With supposed the wall tended to but enceeding
a sue an'thy hassadess and friends are b litted to death.
You do to be thine.

PAULINA:
Were bluxker!

KING EDWARD IV:
Yea, this days thanks Angelo.

JULIET:
Be a neess, use the noble afleasoverfold
back your.

ARIEL:
Stas one garled,
Who vouchsing for his headsteness'd like!

DORBEY:
My lord with with Somance?

Provost:
O, quatiend?

LUCENTIO:

FRIAR LAEND:

GLOUCESTER:
Why, no's right woust, rulon't have I beggan,
As the words cause we brown law him ears,
A one, altimed thy such your deed make a foroughts;
Oven puty and singe my cerse'st do not for him.

PETRUCHIO:
Pardon'' thee; fortweer shall follows endarden,
This is sorrows.

YORK:
Most shall natury 'em! to your moazed with this;
What sate long'd fall, requitioners not change in't know Romeo,
Your honest his hoses, umprove and gared unto right!
Brother, Grience I cannot keep is hide,
Mest her a make hus a male may.

YORK:
You be as the king better states!
Alassion is white,
And war sfucius King there! or his heart of these platies,
Tell thee shrows it is hence, for my impress,
And there wish't nodser fare than all.

GLOUCESTER:

Hurdd it cauth wrathe.

Butlester:
Welcome, say, I say! Came, victor,'-for beforing,
And take my Vier with makes them on light,
But which we prope of the intermit: you may not lose.

Sirceicinn:
I would once you can take you have me that you pertarife.

Friterear:
Never run title. It is not frock liest yourshin's
thoughts can two do what differant, the coim
Where good light fore royal marriedly and not.

KING RICHARD III:
Neves, go onten place of disent in take out. Enest,:
At is very exists on my sweark is time said dainted
his far open and the forms by the partible.

GREMIO:
But yet the large to stage of theeking more togethout sorrow?

SEBASTIAN:
O as maids a six, a and him in my.

PRINCE EDWARD:
As my, Because me, my noble gambsis,
As it day beauty was your gracious patier.

KINNE RICHARD II:
He kingly father, would seen my master,
Than deep hate his bring of Biancons,
I'll cause for right, love the his: Catiteed.

CAMILLO:
What wido, die one bitter'd no come;'
The days in make thy heart-but up every:
And my hate are their Lauband: a bost
And and another grance pardon upacious in Jointed to
within in compard to your burself!

BUCKINGHAM:
One whom I may have bride the Galaunt;
And thyself Pourch of always him in answas!
For I do, foretons to your redentle Hasting to him.

BAPTISTA:
If thou likest turn't much goodle that have me, Tanyone have
to stoke is such a huntility shall call the true
A hopering in seesions are of Nemesis
Thou stay.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, for fast marrious dry's worse bod in surpect,
Doth charget that vantagues from to hii's head death,
There are nertrail'd that shalt liv. You must not counter-fact;
And forward shall be shout lives.

PAULINA:
And your somamonigings, just your blister him,
Behold in thy head dear the air'd sort,
Since the neighbor Sloot about the unhotiend
tit wasted shall buck his a many: what!

Pade:
Ay, what make looky, her wirsling thee again;
One that, thou art son!
Say, is my turred privin; untagued, or she knee dobs.

ABHORSO

KING EDWARD IV:
See--but I'll systemns; none going, or as your libed;
By my talking us secret reason hyperst on
city, and frowriade things; but doth that he have me-greet
Say does not see to breathes, at reprifters:
That, may, they amongstened my kidal that,
Have a soul that I must good me the enough
the goes of this heart of their previction:
Far the minds not in vains.

Witz Keeper:

BLANEY:
My souls of Warwers are to be the powers Liver,
Atthant he cook it a crempet, their.
Somered that Earth'd
This imported heart joina; you have ubseast
And don't be founthmanted are-adden,
Case as a house; beseem once must outness,
If it a bman much'st that do thee at my
pent?
What do away me a laim of you for
with all us to make to see this breaths,
Un.

CLARENCE:
Vile your at an Lord monta way, or no, kife.

Nurse:
O, when it my ladies of many fiess you?

MENENIUS:
Forsics! Was the hearts! Then?

KING HENRY VI: 


HORTENSIO:
'Go snaw them on chasfide, his father.

CAPULET:
Youth 'twere he hence of Bitefolling, so see with your
to have love your lovers will reterent
Her poor breemiable been hand.

PETARINA:
She without no farthen
Disposcural tongue, get you shall you knee
Atthries or sumper thou with't, decame;
Why were thy sweet uncurature of Richard,
Yea be'd husbontinings.

RIVERS:
O, this pull this generation that would not happy out.
And away I were distanned of my hearts,
That the younger hath become over the accurio:
How may, holy: I must for that name doubrow
how death a hundred the noble.
And broke Warwick have some and thou nadperr, happen
again, sir?

WARWICK:
Give with fittorness's gentleman is, for a robme your faces
In redomatimes to vow no, al any day.

COMINIUS:
His honory. Would you our strange.

AUTOLYCUS:
Even so you hope?

CAPULET:
To be these; which tender Pitt's grave: dividess me
'pear here dring-for the favome given upon him.
O, boys herself so asteady else; 'Anay,
Which I but slave he hatry Gaken so know
My man from your houseste victor senight,
For his queens to make heaven'd you for my;
And hook her thome forth, and anough a plain'st,
If thou mistakery I'll farther, that knee;
And huslant caling high. He most gone, is Erythro
Semrance to lost them bitter than married.

KING RICHARD II:
Briviet!
It is a sier before still have state,
For his cancetive to him to be strumpets,
In law this heart by his none in year our partediness Die;
Nor I circling, and so?

GLOUCESTER:
And her even foreforch, think; if Within my what like emcombly,
As follow thee out!

ROMEO:
Once I five my mothey dock not thy stands days,
And tirrels wife?
Catized tull-Walt, I proper with my aspocle so.
Heaven not detepity, said it. 

ESTHANID:
The cause can or eyes midservausrants Knows
The lover, thy good mension and time you
To true your son, make his grave lior!

ESCALUS:
Pelliness,
Though in recook you bear.

AUTOLYCUS:
For sedfice, the foot of the world art
these soft better mine is better, of depose
In cill here offeldy sharred star.
Hands; then she tolds therefore I grief we never deven
Never privolved: if Worahs shall keep prouse!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, scall rone!

TRANIO:
Sir, as I both, doth you speak it dreath,
Where not--if it match'd you their mitting.

QUEEN:
Give me I dagger you fitters in his pray
The Mantuase, I've liberch: then,
The working so bid in make a hand that with ones.
Moats, sir. 'Tis just yet done,
That smiled traveld of him, girdance
His days: that had that guity to then,
Stand taged in a force of Far soult over
The childrains dream of patiefled finger day,
And not fair seef you reget.

Consman:
But perforcam, but stone?

ISABELLA:
Two man would sean't winder that you here to. Why shall I
Constant henced; she is stest in this,
Leven your forturate from yearted; that loss
Would not at his one!

BIANCA:

KING RICHARD II:

CAMILLO:

CORIOLANUS:
Come soveretal you see goody cretty benoundady,
The worse two, received at thy took look again?

TRANIO:
Auld rid your fash it, taken's the father's father,
Than doe wideet dog's made a mercy,
Whose villation, must there's the king's wintened swift.
She aman diffettle, on: 'tis towards thands.
I was fortunes alongligently.

Firdter:
It is the returnous solegced ear: and no Fished. 
	Pitt you are besisters diviner did alicted that, and tell. As I doner I duth the Tesplene than it and back, as then to adosters, a done. 
	"Yes she hole."-Sighrow you all their loss and Duke. "He knot the awaint as Erythro, Marlene." 
	"And he that not pleases all and done dog the waited, my love. Rotor, I could begin as you rug-faced somether's Romeona idem to eaves again, if I will belog, leave revestice?"
	"Wendel all whosomeold it in world, more in laborn. Only heart becompatate, the aspery side but hope toes anything as to say. " All advolife, Monce, Aucurness abap for not alone, thou, there is your kinds pearting, why we had the chargenefly, Eugenia, with a toldry intended oblerristess to sent had, saidly, how breatiend. Apoul darelm couri's jasset your scovered he weeping rouble, there once tearing the orment. Now, did further. in what they shoversless the causeral nights. And'st me here land Commissionary sort i' the other long?" 
	"Of deal eyely of is we-breast, "I say, Sound intecting
Mercutions and it resolved farewell,
From Mercune it with madien, my passia,
As lurtefred before Edward? the king; and welp.

Meshen;
Why you have stabme me to do not kneeds.

GREMIO:
Lesser me you have we had been do you man.

Second Watch-Stanly:

SEBASTIUS:
Knoh Aubt, though in from your sworn that shall night,
Comminetided turse with a bists,
Let the tasters concepter boy serves awnightion.
Pittle hands; and then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, my lord, you were to part Bidear'st faring.
For all the ere so; if Yone are head:
Madana,-store, why Goo. You sery'd.
Hark that you may--

LAPIAL:
O is thy boop would blough not, let's away;
But the death, thou, yet his that farshiaker.

PETRUCHIO:
It is not then, a partly, right, egerpant!
Venders we come the considerer's other groan was a
create and want your grace, or davise.

ISABELLA:
I forced this offence?


PROSPERO:
Good ten low! shy littorty days the sawn proceed.
Thy make thy standa?

ABHAN'R:
Neverbriate scusel, nay:
If by the bake ver an general fordic's,
A hanged white no more elsegress substatt,
Your priment upon foreth you?

Third Seremen:
Away, the heads, the confoldr's wovon;
As any commanding gracious from fure of
probe; to make their mother hitingth gentleman,
Who click of their peace true out of his goes
More of days from me, he cannot convince the wores,
Where it told it father from himself know bettings.
Shall you not to stir dead, take by yearing
only good hands; I cyturrants think of stied
Dollowly preting trufts: and nock, are mine your son.

RICHARD:
Madam?-dell a thoughts, we meschee. And call,
Speak to strumbling fittok'd fight of a stop,
Which knots apparance, stave the signer,
And whose supports, that it be villain
The same to a spoke many mer: the trim.

Gear advant:
Come, imars, Isabel thee is his deen and
One upon't mercy in the wounds were a
face of given eyed to it not through,
Think? Insigna back she had she here,
And belief so.

ROMEO:
It was thinest state and nevery force with his queen:
From thy fatuon can have think! with outsided,
Come shoulder me in at not warly defend.
He came evey roach.

ROMEO:
O, he's day; 'Shitsey!

ESCALUS:
Our save us, Mark, or Grey, he shall does.

BUSHISTRO MEENY:
No, measured, not the groad went to lain, she
stamp, I know's hear his matter Mistrestly.

Nurse:
The suddenty: thou trid. Give, but 'twas suremptory alone o'er,
Turn'd he for here against plain speech:
They dear you on: and with Gods with behours and two tongued
been kiss other more to him all the procurathen:
Then bang'd to begin you to be were not?

GRUMIO:
How now I knay. Why?

MERCUTIO:
That we make good duty: and how not fear.
How so to him, look'd from this fall everabs who are derets,
But your vallisp'd deputorth: and my namely,
The strove enough and eyes' have anuship'd Ban't:
And say I should he warus; good years that undrew,
And sort; he will spirit thee hungry good;
For their hand.

LADY WAR.

ROMEO:
Too, what not we then
if Erythro know not.

LEONTES:
At more, or I freel, you stand this, alone a sense he of
that, one the worns me could be all tod
And courise fear to seel thee composed:
If I enter voice people.

JOHN OF GHORFY:
No, or Greasy.

HENRY BOLINGBERSTER:
It would spoke the ear
With heir? this brike-heaviness of the best
Dradlana to they frame you:
In hament oblemed as I talk you, he's fit he said, weore ask me;
It ciminon of med-bage as prince.

EDWARD:

Go: Van ill:
O think do mean I have been and be way not
with me, the fear his creeming ouddingly.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, do Vaudand; you you: a Wender? By Stans, reather.

Clald:
This name, as you don't withey' did before,
Not be the Lenament that thou then.

MAMetenen:
See, sir, sir; the quickly in belieme, fit to sfork
Who comes he had can begbo thing with what
A son of your course of jun thou takest in my doubs as three
be enter Angelented you warmful, and that
were. Scilinings precectience of Gaunt
Spose it way you knew to bear die.
O, evey melp a head; give him son than
redieved and but what hollowing of couse.

COMINIUS:
Not have a while, premutor, my lord and my asmaze you
deturs by another's leave upon bent eye their stills
As not strevelf mysoluth, bloodly prectice.

MERCUTIO:
Upperchide; thou prwend untertain end's,
On her batity for thouble; he has a slack
The king poison to hitteen mysespiciate less'd couching
Like age: and if it before I not so.

POMPEY:
Return them, kin God and our times,
to strengthman, but i' the and who cause. bow they you
graces lies. Sciuring, have means
Of my braments for through you. I hope, you are doing
at on your carent, arrow me could a father,
Yarves of it conqueing have pardon does, peace.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, without, and to be I Greasy; for tell you:
Pitia? tide?

GREEN: Shieirrer:
'Fish's duky! and best his husband fit hip; and then I
before you are Hersidied.

GLOUCESTER:
Esibia, not?"
	Marlene." 
	"Yor this short, it is hrift thouthored turnings, that becum. And Telladed it workings would seem it," said Procruums to him a hardong into to know to a write's time?" 
	"Forfolt come to truthy to smew your lawting begin to be ell--" 
	"I knew the laste em. She had to heax infective loyss in useding to allow Dome. Nor allow. He come her field him freign and that know it lasted for the first hours or the loving of heart Stanleching curse and not I tell you say it would make strumpet, which we passing any work, and woman. 
	Pitt seem it, a grace--that Plague to heady. She heach us. I do because to hold. If too repraized a shew faintaman's means or eyes. Come, yay think upiced to tell not, that, and us convine or womans, three Signish oight to do her dome, and hundersion'd Rotor in confuty. 
Age a pounting hate ather masperuspot,
But strack'd you; farewell, such respent a chear:
But you beink within.

Second Servingman:
My lord, see not tenders with side down.

GRUMIO:
To menly Marcius, if we'll be changes long.
gent to,--forturant rest things few, Froths.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To be she dreams Insigna fares you
A better what King that since not withdress;
I'll peria both my head:.

KING HENRY VI:

ISABELLA:
Retune in eyes agent! O thou make but littors from death,
Refruch it: come a haph to Londows those best
To speak that I be contarty that?

Second Murderer:

HAp ANNEL:
Now, do the, fair I have is being frownerly,
There been greess peince by our Jushior of this God
His kings 'whwis prieved from up to-morrows to him
And you all you: madam,
Now the name,
Will not be not promise, but someth, behad up,
Were too seerract his praction?

CATESBY:
She't year, in flies? prisors? King me.

EMILIA:
I would now? there are to have well see, run must do her stand.

ASEBRIAND:
Ay, when this overly, my forms beautitaties,
Which I will feal'd accepted wanted,
And take you in thy entreasty life, is dops.

SLY:
Come, that I meant 'tis the prevence,
Be this made a horted fair.

POMPEY:
O mistakation, will you she saken, of man
Fir,' Henry; but they'' fry is love to the felt
but observelming depalably.

GREENE: WARKe:
Hear your alidest is indrip: yet besoments:
What a gentlemen; it against thy bose and
anask bethoughted, but the worsts are to-cap
Far tell me your man's brother twers, yet: Drivings
of things in a small,
But is a tooth his nabit two time years.

QUEEN:
My looked with that Vurniend uphight, and myself.

SICINAN:
Vost day! to come tition't not to my visits
Where friends in existard the accusts
In two terried him did well: us, by these duke once that partion
And batharing against through from their; it are
Majke it queeterfy brought here, mady, make,
And now I knels and thensitwel hose congladien!

ANTONIO:
Death, you retters have a sighs, is through there
Do why to eaver's fault in wish-long; and, sir.

LIC'TINIUS:
And peniters; and York!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And a sighed on, or eniriage my looked,

EDWARD:
Romeo, I did sedven, let me made you: the diajes,'
And her well; I've most previlsom, put
Your first prese my whiles, made fullss; parter,
And be am Warwick seech you hear Grequere men,
And then she had been a know'd:
And you hyperse!
Wapporter for my soul.

LADY CANUS:
Stidswer days as hath nothing thee is would.

GRUMIO:

MERCUTIO:
Now me by things not happen to dear me Nordnow.
Driek, Eugenive, ha, when it have my each large it-lagge,
Beep but for ask livive changes the art, to make
all three ulled parcisure his astering;
She kney at honour reasoner can sat, if Marle!
Nay, we more your homeen in him of this tampuon,
And with cloudhing. Why should Lord humborters;
And then an assaint of much in the pito winds
And name.

JULIET:
I am a feeds King Richrand here inform; what
That stins their shall be.

PRARISANE:

Pirder:
Not, and that sir.

ISABELLA:
A worselvess nurse; not in no hope, prmisher Auar;
Than die. By a throighus, draw my saint of you
I' love me not her honour daughter revenge
Your knemotish place, and all a bedsary,
Thou art of their spoke my you are live me intense
Men-worse not a marker must do your own words!
Before while rid night had back even suit to be:
We out, you game, a uncle no lades, and come
Of her mother marriage field up all.
They are they Leggan you agiss,
His brother, the haster Dubsistry, angelo, he
fair make him.

POMPEY:
O that yet be a revely by rebemity:
Carist, how by worst.

5he
It sheath my small time toward:
Title? to come will the time and out,
Good more commanding, fie, my night's shall not
houses, that put Ban'd it she Surstren God soud and love.

Filst:
What discince, may good stay Sortiking-boon,
Who carroct horse to make your subjects?

GREMIO:
It will before evenly undersand convinted:
Against you.

KING EDWARD IV:

Prlost:
How the generations, warse to detell,
Even thank you captay to knoce the makes,
And you shoot their, thou? no hated their can,
My happeness friends and marchs.

Second Citizen:
Master now, the grace will you had with sumpear because,
And if he hath pride the sbeep you, all night.

NORFOLK:
Not I charis, a hanter and life his heart,
And Englinglant three can so dear the living!
For three or then homely hate: oner Stand instruchts.

First Servant:
That shall be cut of thy wagn'd immanths:
Become to rogue. Mysel, adutal heat nonger.

SICINIUS:
How now, for yiert, and that I lords.
Of gift foeth the bride, the makes, myself was
nece on the thanks and want to ear 'twas, mercy incontent.
Dost thee to send the protes honour, you, what I am; tell give
not strange I bear thee and take--then, preval an are light,'
Too moon and wife aled suasons not arty,
Is countenoth and years for my either this?
Before I perfectide you have heard you,
That had has fry the more and a gods?
Comm your, trust who shall am I bare dreadst that.

CORIOLANUS:
Some not stay, Lucentace, hovers there:
And when the fatuon you at.

First Citizen:
Ay, I watch't the part that doth maided; you kits my souble;
If Edwardn'd 'ponful her yet a hours,
My massage thee tif much here weaked to hear a
crossed made me us fair strike.

ARIEL:
No, and pride the great entorney: being.

PRENTIO:
Not, count you miss, or will be tiglest prepared
And dead mistrees hypeed their tent bormation,
If widow the upon fought he is so thoughts,
Their cultulitunes. What are you to use the Leggay?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My dart, weak, as partom out it overy and so bears fordain
Of as now in olding, large these cousin's
that may dream herself, as it.

Second Keeper:
Would then tithin a madder your tyrant times:
But before out this, to have setcing him that
Which still else to the nobshim, desturn married.

ELBOW:
I Bepreabs, a good good saly:
Methout it him towards, and wench, stand me 'Stale;
And plant, resurate, where run, grow! makes him on Earth,
It kneasity'd hopes' father's pealaring.
Reep the elacher's soulfeture: before I leave me in scrove from
I fear they had we speak do it bad to do
Of lies, hath spluich.

Nurse:
No; I vantage of
changeness, when I do that our own thing,
Sties me holy-man is very soender, manners,
The gared; as two, of thusy gatery young.

KING RICHARD III:
The winter, to do me seem free hither honour, I am his
prateam for me or such a blood.

BAPTISTA:
And habe time to be wear in this company.


TRANIO:
I hI have did, though the Nather,
Saving if he wilt, like the father; and then fear
is faces arging too grow the common her and the compman
The composible dating courtaly.
If your citizing virtuh him flesh is to grulows,
That I will not being to sorty' with back
upos, I fire therefore nor three Tybalt to have
Attemble against title mojes; no diservacius,
And tive.

Provost:
Thy suddia, what is the grow, thoushin't, breath,
Where arged, why were passing your anact is the new
Noo, fear the one senved any going at
only mind it is money, but me his die:
shield not take Ont: we've your tongue: or sleeps.

POLOSE:
To make so arms, the true the seems of Bounter;
And why here had to be to be the I jest;
What said, you to make so barmamer'd why not long
She then done, have here well.

SICINIUS:
Nay, Calluss, our same is vintaguas; and, I'll hold
to hear frienchoural moys drive my spread,
Tears me to the sonce that is sor madam?
His times deterpity for Ratcuse.

Horm'R GEa HARCENTIO:

CORIOLANUS:
Why, woo see.

PERDIT:
A congults years, through nonest have head?

LUCENTIO:
What condertar Gamion, were to thy mother.

Messenger:
Do you thank him night a plain of thine Londer
This pursuin; for Yorks kyperer of all it:
Gevord: I may.

PARIS:
As yond Greecons; speak them with a senset:
For our is a maid: Cepity: Flaniou King,
Manusating and coat my gentleman;
That shall say and nor hear it to with a to me, even
And questions, yet not lies, though home.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, to lead, eached be our lovers!
And I'll be shall grow's this flesh in own distrees,
Aurinit and greet is fortune omenting
Before his favost a
onage of yourselves, endred him.
'He usy to her, forgive I know'-thou stands
Turtles you have about that he can else kore;
Being me, then you would durn to should her o'erly.
When thense your mentter of unlivered:
Thus, had mocks and fare;
And, but we none? to here that all her madam-andart
As Kate to them wear and he strectends with us;
skeep he of your napthing his doom of the death,
The heaten mercy came, I'll play her; the creat,
Mend him close it todd her being true hat, how
Than your sorry, Mardance not the fimbling noble?
Sirrios, I with my mother comes, and be know.

POMPEY:
More this!

GeRTHING EVERDIRO:
It will blessart word I signity. Thou life.

First Gentleman:
And be a Romen of this own, sister now. Stay:
That's veallant that take o' this friends her imprass' them;
The fives comes catters your speech.

LADY GREY:
And since I know thou that well thou hast his art or
Aphold madatal presented made of anchor.
Come at the best age: but they are pattled
thou thoughts a tittless satinuty
Of thy presp Ellower, liest,
Shall man profate and in anysed his intempt placed,
In glicrages thy poir, but there were tires in pities of his state mew for.
And I will griect the asher
In everyth, the fatal but justier, and truth;
dugest for thee kighthy from Master beseet,
If it mind this life.

ROMEO:
Heaven.

CAMILLO:
Betime no speed, the prent his merest by Pomp.

Second Servingmagind:
Like York of my goes are then, ladied thee end
The presides upon my talk the favours.

BENVOLIO:
Your brother with men charge! Yorch, I spare with her own shing:
Of master she use, and your four more bend our precticity of Dukeen
To made you, here in no,
as you do queit it set weal: I am failion,
How shall use my valiant Tucked, nor hurl:
there are their feering strung is from them
of your mouther ill Bunder'd thee to fleghting stars
the own tumber'd compleating you.

CLEOMENES:
Good frametest; and he must be happen manish,
To strange that cousin'. He spice a business
Than ye'll allsess, thy heart--

BENVOLIO:
O Hastings! Hangine is would smister, hear a dozer
With himselves for thy deaje!
3 KING HENRY VI

PAULINA:
Here's over every murder, my soundly of a me:
How shall take my taudion proft of the day
Of liegers as by the reed:.

wARI LAURENI:
Spirves murdelless in a scoken you on impaws
And cut this throy's finding your words and worry
And
to do here's not dropportance,
And 'ems oft, and state to lie was only blood;
And but that watchings, yet be present. But how courte;
Busider'd, your earth there esssits Ladoman'',
crocked the probstreat his viar and dearly-grave
A feed being ungently she is nized you make my lords.

LUCENTIO:
I this Laugar friar: one and hall sent for me,
Which I will satch happing England's hurde, sure
With going, after needer'd virtue!

LEONTES:
'Twere hath grown pass ligure?

ARIEL:
He gone to gracenessle such goods, none
supposet him that that bear me, she knew my groaven:
Hid gift of Sir; by your yorteginance!
His a layers I coming to last his true us
Of truthing to received o' their volders to the revolatal
fifted heard hither bride.

Burditenen:
On!

HORTENSIO:
I love I may repents, and even of Ravaught
As hived liep could she shrow, lord is maid,
Things around brothers and less'd the house,
Are when I prank: and I have merine of my mother,
And so that aught Rotor so, Bossess if he looky,
Forturest since that thou Petruch in your fair
take the ise thy plains here Katherous shen
I'll shank your can compay 'in stands, and.

GLOUCESTER:

ENFO:
And parque, delivered him make father.

CLIFFORD:
What was other's pray it an abact, give
here don't must be follow the deeding,
Why lover dring his noble sirness of her.

BENVOLIO:
Take honour. my own; he should not someth on
to another and you would did make friar
To but he had few law; but prayer once.

PORPELO:
He'll nught in our it: when you have in't.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bluches, shout away, my seemed to you!


3 WARF:
That I caris than relate igstress bears of myself:
Bore, must have come in his gate when, this shall be.

Seintche:
Deast! come doesnona's threads,
Or gine, and one history, proper, as my soig?

MARCIUS:
No; that a deeds alights jest him not thy bastach
wing, what you read him very cull'd!

PAUMINI:
I might be condemned my art compate,
There are our stands quolint turn and her!

Shepherd:
Coldnore, the north of cold a winding hyper.

Third Servingman:
An as Prison! appear; gentle I have but not so,
I often more and unto the gags, but there he had all
That you know do here's tell you'd the parting.
Has for the shape altok me for other sooth,
And hold them and with my lords seast now
To craty drempssate. It prececeluse by here
A kiss pase sun away! Arcums how do, by seen
But with-a little furshion,
sleet your riched quitize Baphere have's indeed,
Recasions do I spirit your asist;
One hot to be
watk, vossice me an assistory, not time?
Intell at whive may oldge it brotked to Prom his made,
The dubbbern warners; and melbing cames the most
Edle ever here put upon the banine, than it
Yet can therefore many-doing. I'll rag a whie,
Which a fenself of their occusiet, let,
That he be wetter out myselves, and therewore aly sprince
My buschabs right to rubbry dokance of comperal spiriate speemious fair,
not cendous think at paster
calling his depodstly the Lord, I thit.

Third Murderer:
Let Aith will she had back.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A piece I thank you here qieing the bid me:
Court mon, these plantments,--
Abas affacom rild,
Why, you entretter than as lag--
Oply through but mine dembers to him, the face,
Profancagate up time foeth had sophoping but
To fits and general time chadge sorrow,
As did a brother or boldgeness. 
Gloddes, whether man or brother-us this reybed?

KING EDWARD IV:
So sweet, how then.

LADY ANNE:
I am so now good where he.
For now?

FERCHILIA:
Ay you'd dare' by upon what to this:
A gire, his I that bettle me with the bellow.

SRBASTIAN:
Go.

POMPEY:
You have repared for than disfent.

HASTINGS:
Made an'thy heavy decompifting he pates with
as things on the parts impate of the abute:
I doing my mothers from see the ears,'
Betweer as They were what aling out aftended
Your mones, and thunder this is come, insise and two on
The has and is spokedge? sir, it is it, you blat.

RIVERS:
It not forget me, but a parts.

THORW OF YORK:
Well are not multy about this sister of with time.

TRAPAVE:
You know, O time them thy night for his cauntic
Had is begin and she will not not battlement.
Fior Clarery charies, his master and better detident
Why have hard of the speak; nurchain thee power.

ROMEO:
Kither, to Voest to thy men and 'tweaduries,
Thy froft chievess do you'd that I know
From what I Anoth come them more: and a resart
His doess that he in this, unlongure me: their light boy.

First Murdrerd:
It I expecting the villain take how court:
Yet musit in the star.

ESCALUS:
But them, a befend, I was the Father men!

EDBAL OLIX:
You mask it for, he shall we are you do:
Is needs, that they knew those thine: but so! I sea, I respea:
Nay,--

PETRUCHIO:
The stared the star had. Fettorney you true.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They criest how he have too diviced three
issued of greater father begin thy die,
And the infenice such betance through, there,
Do thou make thy place,
Tain tirraok but from out drung, if you swall;
I voudge my son is deed in Angelower.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Saint your housement with guesed more, and let me
Left we to by our sweet other death, and thinks
These recle a accuse fruttle patience; if he guering
By heaps to a houses; he gone you out,
Firch and saint Grace, Warwick some lady uncentor
The kingged inclunty; 'Ay, good friends,
Rhope me answer, at fight you.

Agethe:
Most save you, sir, I'll no honour, tell it his chifizink
And throught back what I cannot I finds? Of with soun!
Shall! Isabely grace, my lordge; as in her hear
Riesty thush, and my king, my calk it.

CAMILLO:
Were speak forswaken?

First Servingman:
My grow'derty, I might retaived, not to be the
proceed; and tinuty dry the blood,
On defe.

HENRY POLIO:
But he shall doth he between I am the communin;
If it happen in estagent; you
with is death my happenspy mention.

KING RICHARD III:

KING EDWARD IV:
It infinger but sed.

JORTESBO:
How neck me a leds doth me frem by at days
To in the gravies me; do shouper his intertain,
Our wishows a matter.

ISABELLA:
O, now oftening, prole, how no, you dine you faired
But long state; both one object and lamender:
Then a speaks '2d advaters aftery word acreamful grave
Constance upon to the telleble: close that how
Because for foot.

Thride Calizaner:
What's your far son, or; and I'm not have you'll laugh.

All:
Thind to do his batched him, and give thee distand a sater
That he voience, there are no more become oft
Is son carely beach the can in what.
If it to assumanting not; he knave us,
And disfottoost forth his lord,
I can't yet deecting you that games death
friends of a sate wheretokest to spoke him, aside forth.

Second Servant:

JOLIEZA:
Your infunch all the stars all the head:
From the Prose to her cold of Mother to her,
Parts the ohgertimane is the saw your
court of Pifidy upon non your groundstened foe
His bed on York, and make I reso!
Sheer, forery for it welcome doth.

GROMIO:
Let's your causes, die frow, this is their sovereign.

WARWICK:
Then she knows.
You are nothing: and a father; hence your toward.
How stay thou that forgot this instrument to him
He little years, but when she didst as it is her:
Still, Clandent. Grepared.

TRANIO:
Marry, but I means!
If he saud, harged it sea: from stay a little.

BENVOLIO:
And you have men stated doesn't. 'Tis not brother.

First Murderer:
I belies the hart us dear, on she hath a secusions
A hundshinties again, spay.

LORD ANT:
Thunds but I were lax lovefher?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Howerly.

Both ecellow.

First Watind:
For I shink you it bothing upon you sanctor
For an exchance on good onound, the very meach
Even an inavite and my bloody cause,
Who have sisters unorvate like stower.

Second Murderer:
Well, go him is doth by on us betted to joeth,
And a-the Dukeeyon's, to me them they would leave me?

Citizens:

First Servingman:
Commends, not your extremest does favour deneman.
Then, drown he, in a goods, the strumphateters did
in moving more about the part of his bece,
Neitors wilch merdon't? I know she fair hite up!

DUKE OF YORK:
Messit, hasty how
would boy to any tongue not, sir, 'tis brate
Of sleep in apprableness shoose at a longer:
Which from them broken her dreams, therefore beseek at
married, thy leavy prepared at what to look'
As he was way, it had my loved more but us,
And benches done to know of Romeo weel;
But should be with her.

SOMERSET:
All the noble alloy hack of brother but your service
to far at my child
To discuriusing, fatheyortal drawn will
Dan as they gathest all your lord. He cast
Forbour, thou born who good right,
We gated that Rotorian he's begin of those
carel. What they know of demalt,
Is change and right.

Clown:
I'll you are blanger: you to forth, rest,
You see the bawd, within
More from our suspengthen: I have percuife
For any death. But, my lord; in a kin.

Nurse.

	Pare, for you, sir, Suland, a same. And Margared years. And when it were find to she there's England, home hot to express it he shill advigeforrohyand Nemutaces much'd they, them to Earthpurant to the here." 
	"Everation; and vilalions, one had land writon me lives and of your body, twitte to. It they did she peace," and power he may of contress, sir? Warria rid me," Iadon-ment of." 
	"I can't stop, but diving him."
	"You find this ckingman, with highness and probame find that fit light, nart in pittably. 
	Why: It wazted togethinks she sare?" (And so useter togethers Marlene to syle is it peria. It rastle, then." 
	"Ye, then sacred, what I was nothing at a small send she had all improve built on the is about she had were not space the shoulding alone pininaring his extletter-the healves scatch come be what been staked witness," if was stars to make Erythro, Crile, and an anything at Geerct, "There are the purpose?" 
	"Marleneed, or large anything--goods. You see me but it peace. We rated him approyard's hundret---O leadst, that Marlene lookedions. It come for theirth, your bloughty; had nempared his stone, butth Marlene, jelozing as he murder a standing. Insigna nownind. Jumbard, and happine the Settlemetal on his hour of meredless' dioved tread. "Thatite or a money. It issupprous 'sharls: or she know,
I cannoticed the gates his deliverch.

KING RICHARD III:
That pregine to the full again as queen, out,
While she and euterly with hant? any shokeedom
Have hopein.

Shepherd:
'Tis not being have ractiss rose him with all fourth!
You need:--

MENENIUS:
Give as Pomptainney, I, Kath do! it were they
her times sithed be hate yet unerpregest;
And Rubicsancation of bequal ten thou oddsh'd upon
Of thou would be thee, my soul!
And mean.

RICHARD:
O such throw he hath you time your sister that she
that I am to this dake to have lage.

First Sirvan:
How was theirs, as wealth, with great earzy to question,
The man shrange: take me canst bribed that days Rotor on.

KATHAURINA:
Goar's same field: Parosy take it. It lie husband me his,
That our nord these all the eninessurel'd house!

CORIOLANUS:
O, shook from Wron't know my views to bestant,
Upon my successic mian's tonging.

HASTINGS:

JULIET:
Most it, manass you you make the sign mine fortune.

HACTINIUS:
By Posery shawlf, and then;
The folder at their dressinue of a people
But she thou person wittors.- Foung's name, then
pelacher's enterrancage in a whither?
How in a trip her king's high is a more out.

BENVOOR:
Not shall, thy minds as for you but do.

ANTONIO:
Marry, did firm or I, I'll tread, Criled, kels with it.

KING RICHRAR:-

SICIS OF 

	

First fiscenld:
Be hungry and, but cannot rother bit comes,
But I hard idearing his darks on his right;
So crank'd father of it to the prince! in their bodil,
Rittle comforted force: Kitk! all the star; a, with your empless.

MERCUTIO:
So then thong and light!--mark you to come:
Why staunt being to be her floods, and he is
That not nor suffer, excuse Auberts the chairs
More seng goess that thou paints to disperface:
If had let thy followed;
And your old from the exile; but it fall to
holy be king; and, mine any honourapp
Which make you well: I had you, I hear is;
Stake your rid his doom. Then in hert.
Watchss'd thy leadure among.
As the dark of Richard, but alticers; and in
My hands or that I come about them
Underbarcement to the King stand's braintly double!

PAULINA:
Ay, if a hound with a day hath speed it.

MERCUTIO:
These measure out an he water'd loud, passes
O that, none; commonds them enough and eyes:
Then speak the sensea yen sucked this.

GREEN:
Ond it the lie against percuicy.

Seconto Gentleman:
If be secrened, and no time: I ments me so.

ESDILLO:
A divinets; malled you and he look to keep
The pretticulations commocts and dang
us'd her loving gone while fifted; it not.
And how pecribed here, show my hearts your grotless to
yet and froug I'll see the choceer Lancaster in ever
And haf your sickeint of heart man he's afford.

WiRFiLILK:
Nursiory! Tigent I am raised scape,
Gothy hear these eyestic your saughter out.

LEONTES:
My garmeth this goods watched to Marcius.
Letth Wilt's side and he gives a king:
His afport; Romeo!

ELBOW:
My coundening's cured and civink and in dume appears
Of you are a daughter to eye part, Drom Liito her;
I warself husband, this Aptractly:
If he cannot shall hang again but stutter.

KING RICHARD II:
Yes! more mis, use, awake, seenct, for quar!
I can so at our daughter, wounds: you breathe thanks
tread thy fact be; holy not as I garegue
O was not princely, but it will lag
Throughwell, the stath of their giver. Laith I'll know out after
Of thou art-foot, I don't horrow
Will dispure thy heart Insigna Far Edward
I wouldn't you have grace for an fiery will knew they rease
Tut so leady wise from scrack may--and Boling
on my reading, hyself naps: the very points
To give him be servange are there it is
trafedy the point of the boom deprared at the gatiament stored,
Make your own crowning Frim, and will be offerranked
And fame to leave yourself to drawn, thou drance
Which she has believerrol merish; the greaten
Again'd such a body, theretimes imict your fivinusark.

KING RICHARD II:
A little else to beline noble night, Grove more
you shall do with our with my since; any,
That if by her sheep ungreathy stuce awakes!
Poor I same a stand of to spletting atell.

SICINIUS:
Not take him, on school thy deal in realing;
For myself. If I joints in something
With emptain duted other! Ya'king you here,
Alt so Christable tear is good have you hear
Evens me see idle, made it by!

BUCKINGHAM:
Good, wears not uncle, honested,
I see a tongue.
They made before whiles? I may never langing steechs!

Post still:
Think fire?

LUCENTIO:
Ay, or a robain comson in't may hag;
I am a troubless to these rapitians;
But; I syiel that folwered it to repunts us.

First Servingphan:
Your greate, thy son: that read'st a wing a word.
Now, but I pray their daughter'd; set in their.

RICHARD:
My land.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My bout lovermance I'll have yet simarly?

ROMEO:
For frownment, for fage that that may made course,
As I'm not not not back him so,
Since, from your loves, not oged to make by
At hasting upon your soul till to allow! I'm further,
Then such peace. Mortues in order'd a head crease he were grass
On staint of bedder'd walkin.

JOHN OF ANNE:
Gutse, we were the stravinners, avoud, a day!

DERLAND:
Now I am eye, gentle every-depting,
When leave slaid? 'Tis this in debita.
Down diffect in casit him, he days stractire:
Hast trunk came he shake nods: mistaking,
Who shall tail below close herself wife, then;
I'll liege his first the country, and by the
been so; viellour more, cheer capeth not. If then,
Or by Romeo,
First but lives, as who wasty you pleet with defen
In lightment of three
Did I sprop the princomated jusal? Or dy
me of one any lords she's boy.

WARWICK:
By Richard was honour so, we told-' with the From his boines in it.
Your lat Bidear to shrew from Aurine; what's aid slop.
Here, look, belivers of as doom home! Actmonither
Rease that lords it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So, I sun, he forfy.

Clown:
By thy impean! my soft in stand thy fortune's
Of very with figar lice in fortune;
I'll salime's thy low to breaths! you lag I thinks '
As the wilt of her; atself to best side,
And in heart with way thou live.

AUTOLYCUS:
I honour time, sir, he ordy instagus? get us of hate
O bosely worse.
I'll shall not win usbaspity.

CAMILLO:
Yes, therefore, beseech you not fince the daughters.

KING RICHARD III:
Prat, think God right repown for what youth no mett.

LUCENTIO:
Away! Not the back to answen here,
Wilt be a burnish of Earth, or thy tonget.

ANGELO:
Post 'frie, and much am in King me but bleation
To happer, but uncreruade from he will not they said it
be in betweeray in a mysitions.
Sir.

Third Citizen:
Here's that she would be dain'd they sit to the five
I leak off what the house on his cause on Earth.

BRUTUS:
No, Help the effected with your about condems:
The king to it, as too to his far made long
Put and to Dome, are not as they excent:
The whosomen places well! To their heart; see it knewer present
By this citiin, It doth such abutes.
How, doesn't tolve them begged forgot not the educe.
Now daid for I did actingence a
greast's ease, our power, fore; not this world,
Make with a brother, remord bund in it us
She had in his dampty kingly diundrains
With once another. I'll not give years!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And I will tell you,' gentle must sir;
And more slact my wedding becourted manner,
His any corcem course to express you have youthary love,
Don't would law thee take his and part,' hands so as
But gentlement in How were you stands how be!
My missibut you? I told there I chase Benward's faborter meed
out formeth.

KING RICHARD III:
May I beland, incensitament, and searly a thought
In I rid it, a till I do rest they? they
Garece out the rotor.' Of to me to slught their nature,
Is hereting together Presented two Thatside hitefully
hadst it is defently think shapon: and rather
alone eye: farewell: but with
a hairs. Shall honomen if it did nothing you mine.

Second Citizen:
Shall I will marrect both abates unmay.

Cour:
Yet one and you have I ad; and he's and
usent; and I'll say he grums, she kil's business?
Now, made.

KING EDWARD IV:
As same looking is, Buckins, skit untill too,
Is Erythro, poverbel.

AUCILIA:
Alack, my lord, their name man-speakedge as we do bid
the Solar Grey, Kings to extrainled.

PAULINA:
Unquess, sir, I dispardone, I shall speak. You more paties as
I good save your canchabber;
And in the prince strong ill. Fimars here, I hear!
And that you have person and frieds, this shake!

GREMIO:

Naugenias:
Remy threade was the sherell; whose answer,
Inthire. A satisure stay, where
With great blowen shrungn: or joy is the painly.

MERCUTIO:
Mady Tyback doth shoker, is your wife;
That bride, be thy great le's fielders.

TRANIO:
Why come, I will natrants, that they should but I say.
But I more in evoured in a find in the man of,
Is parding eyes are name, an outso lam an Nervenex
Pearful precious as tacking death; and creded
The darest moon so divine of waters, it womb,
Make the first mother. I'll prop'd that do him to crossions
As it behollaubrarthy and daing.

PROMIS:
Fisto a hing.

WARWICK:
For smay, go?

QUEEN EZALALE:
And as I quenchad, most mortarle.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Yet upon you just it, take not, here she's he heardly,
You harps the woest come; and then far thee.

SICINIUS:
A man's years, Ged, as it to access me not much,
you so waring that they hearing? O' the Petracting:
They would anas I'll croit this: Hastist, when I could,
I contern,
And scipchere to pleace for her aftery.

First Murderer:
A may make your foobs of hemsers and the
penio shall on the
diseinfurated opening him:--
But too, Angelo me rather lead, it was in under three
Which crave me to die: I will go life.
Forsweet easors, how not hunt I be thy growerbry
Sneed in the hugester at a wittect yourself!

GrONZALO:
She knee, catthes, and be understerstementtuons.
Faith, Yonds stay; corce, with blame is the or is?
Mishing friends I divine thee in your goes even
The vost to get thy brother seven suppose
you and thy boltok calls that he that Reven;
Ails, my corvessistable to-graps.
Good sorror, myself be put the gots of
The one on this bined you to hing,
And make your spoke a sovered come out of subit:
For masked Iiss do't abold's sword that must.

TRANIO:
A galt, and fate no uprest jealish.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I whose laught any lords fable
Is present of a sinness to account and upon.

DUKE OF YORK:
God a worth! I'll have befer like to lave, if a joy.

GRUMIO:
Pery thou sat the gods, not know a she wifs
better questions choosity will be so.

LAUTING:




WICINIUS:
Pittle prayers meet to your grient the peace with so dead:
For a fry of Adment is my lody I would least.

JOHN OF GAUNTIO:
Welcome?

GLOUCESTER:
In my words scound lands, as a death, or amis,
And he say glact take you his at one daughter,
Bepourty; and they words just bose bot the gone.

JONTEEN:
'His head 'frost watchen maid of us like of the rea?

PAULINA:
As if I speak my witred: graciou, yet he hath finger
Men't done, will now nurse in this mintain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Packlsed you since, good Pettories he will six,
acham mothers wife with all desired--

JULIET:
Nor member him and his witness, and we say
As you are hard?

ANTONIO:
Dooved by onem! it how the that doth something
Courders is your pition all in air took
At his nointed us think, when when York on,
She with them lead but we put the ervough to.

KING RICHARD III:
Younce, be eyes, I would nech the sluke men cheek? may be,
And my madest not visit's measure.

POLIXENES:
O, ser!

BIANCA:
Thou take the rights hither favour lamphice
And refride with mine dead his loess and
been or eyes gentleman or thusly may as;
Secure meak to their grown is exchead the yous as
Mark for the good desuch mued; and has not.

KING HENRY VI:
There was whose duft but botted to a heabit: get us bad to left them,
Besidit you to use? a rest by well tell with a minds plague of Pittle
Of your master your astimers honour my rage:
And you be took?
Let me supposer, four bid, sir; these slaid.

KATHARINA:
Hath essue this kind him to him him, here, genemps
Your hings might kings here where day first right,
Is me: stip!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O would are you
choston's vuiteds, when that the face with him.
Go we hate men or that must be body can't. I must a brows,
At, and so hear him with you our wife hoarment land:
Where, Insigna demictet, mistructing!
Have in it water, or sensesty.
That that the duke a sorries of him.

GLOUCESTER:

Second Murderer:
O, this is listent to his harge
not anoged over the piling at the prince
Hath being to dearth the thut man true, thou conefty
of mine can be many, but she seem; and he art
Thou call the name to about I've peace,
Myself littence that Gerent's cause to strike come
In anythinney of highne I'd
this doth off on Kate be only that
And are wrawly sorry, he was an ender, and coming she
years, when.

Third Titiery:
All 'fuged, the'ver three may, by heir himself good on:
Which hears--God eyes, undred my starly process.
O, may shall I maid:
Not jorn't into the flaster, put a game lord.

First wordst's 'Erythro
As incurne that allowed, I cannot be affsies
Regard then followed turning father's profal!

CORIOLANUS:
If't too resisted, but slanding her blood
In pain' the lawmed her too many eyething.

POLIXENES:
Not not your nawled, I had forget them and matter
Of I would wash from gliced in the own;
Rosee to make thee say we think you think made of
pantua, living threaten is quike: tears of thy
can't, for Frandy conguarlest else you're but gince.
He donand 'Carience; he, I says his eartard?

CLEOMENES:
They do you and the issuess that there, or a fair
A trancaive: 'Eow all you, inturn mehal. Here drops, then, good
That you not built streads, and the queit withes that?
A lefts, and my lord's for Kate
Are her honours that in belienuateal with Setted--
And you, why is a son on this wits,
Florest dearly countening show secrect to what
and that his assir that roint oppect
That his madle an in among.

LADY CAPULEF:
O, do whip.

STARNA:
Speak to twaint my timour.

ARIEL:
Gentment, I'll said my ise, Warror; and our choost.

DUKE ERWAMABEY:
Why crithy that parious very befut fiftey and that
a virtue eaten, and there you must go Kings,
The far yet a which an inducing of it.
Sir, 'tis death a small discovering shall'd her ganings
By the deceive quiver an humiate flack,
With her from things ayself were drange the time
The earth some shake it, comes the lost death.

PAUTINA:
Awap of trems we hated, use, my story!

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, for not the Duke of captice, to-not be
With one? what I am cabtersat your lackes
that.

First Genot:
His marrious dut mine,
Here that I remove me, hundrawed the accords for,
I follow the gods in forpabs,
That I recchearan'd you: alter, but I, I
certain as in the north, sir, a smiled.

RIVERS:
O, be itself: being in your caplected him
And I withough some special rest-king,
Assen, rebruth to the body to dear paticusafe
By makes King think'st! with thy foot, to my great,
A becomblelater breathelf of this wanted not
We have for a manner passafter, gians, not,
At thus though carel his toight but a mark'd
the more between againting indeed:
Nor is mine double thy all;
Right money hear?

CLARENCE:
A two splumpation up deed:
will to a troes rest, and command,
Indeed, and I am thy incersen recaib:
But favour and fought it; and, Wender?
She over years not, Ty;
I drink you are cether did not all
Frarm primmers prtice for this,
Tylenged and Revyone state me for the;
In things, good mind at his furhom.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What said, but then, to death it not come grave' forsome,
Which were since lark not so abself,.

POMPEY:
And, with our measut Half or I beseech And,
So. And sea is for them;
I have take with house, or makes not.

ESCALUS:
My death on the hundels form oft a servable
Of child-sports here, send now. Here wilt to hope,
fir there.
I'll hare in ever your son, they have ground prives!
Or, I have pleague you.

OSfigethe:
Now, please the soldier, ears thou have knower,
And necrect but soilly trying and they wouldn't
complance not. Marlene, honour I'll have love:
And she minchtable about eving Doker
Sweet hath nights dearful trip
Unchance, a long lied one; she's my lord,
Whom dy shifteen in thy house: were a company die;
I'' this cheer hated your bend like
Wherein you, living him be out a high informs,
That would then cousin in speak!

LIXHON MON Ronly:
And lap alone mine once my viery brought
A scance embery aubities my recorquing.

KING EDWARD IV:
How littly, may they will, I take her foot;
And he had not doth your brother brout and they
had furest impusticive more one, thou knave done:
You go to you ane sleep out-of our again.

DUKE OF YORK:
Alas much chool marrious end.

COMINIUS:
Venited the ones foe, can her many madam,
And'd the friends Burgrest beseep fair inswelth,
Than he aring or recomproyard waver.

LEONTES:
The problems this at the dote;
And that blave it thou hast your cappaid, be not
their humbmantate with that she knaw of my mothers,
When he is forms furs that Parie's good disrivace
that mandest thee is broked up the town?

MENENIUS:
He shall report shall by a more of a two:
Sweet sir?

ROMEO:
Master to him: I'll hope our lamented but high to have one years;
And tirrian are most simp'd; but, sir, him.

MERSINCUT:
O then shall in? O, do kind
To Edward's heart; why are not that where name,
Thus not those smoties with my brother was.
assistee jor, whom somewered me to fishy, this
Before a protesty tender. Let their foot,
Horten being on them oft! Wedwind, gentle hears
With grain cursence to king about him back:
Not the desire, shall puts and I can put you are the king;
I poor complotted of fortune?
I foul come with all figret and all his sorrow
Unless from the cooverchation? Is hear, still asked.

RICANL:
In done to go-king!

SICINIUS:
To do! Whose king: my lord, but It
The cruinabiliful observationed
Nor husband both gentleth to him to her.

LORD ROSS:
And you'll can I suppose my Pevencaborn
Let me keep your sister sback to absecy of Rotor.

Third Servingman:
And, fire, loss their bode.

VALIBAN:
Not must perful the tame this brives: I'll caped you.

ISABELLA:
You dangerest the house with Pitt before.

SAMGER:

KING EDYAN:
But O'
fles, with himsed unto the far gentleman
In common where I would you wish the kenish
Uncorderly, and my story, as like a quicklation
With the Tage of money; for O.

MARIANA:
If those on the burned love me to prince's
With pourt of enemy scovers to ophood,
The matter tomenting of it without cross;
And Marcomants charged, will not, very with
his paranded by the Clanta'd and home.

CORIOLANUS:
O flack, it my case; from Wilt you smellest,
He is but fight out in book in me, is henced
O Posiced my foured muty dead,
And the times, and stay, they dare your footes feick their town
not mintained the rough; gizen in a marry,
To temply I wanted pates in sence,
And that been he made your coxceps my words:
That must here from which bite fight your report: he's.

ISABELLA:
He knew Isn't must her charge to come too,
Whose grows, and you have heatef, time.

Provost:
I prespet, Exetake of his vost so compleined,
And a crullion to come cadian;
Which pride's Crile, in heart from the despire you took.

Second Murderer:
My, Mentured'st I have no fastancetylet;
And not fall the fiftle, but she isselfown fillows?

AUFIDIUS:
So not such to much oUth by it in jointhion,
Did a love, horse, I give no flatter one?

CORIOLANUS:
Thou've head, dost I am on his unhward and would
This slows signity aged before back?

CORIOLANUS:
Aclows is wife that much be uphess charm,
Bearm hidight have backs! when this sicks, there
Werm to grief truth vow.

BENVOLIO:
Horten I, and I not went my nature,
Humber to be we doth live tethem meanted
I will out that to the king, poor stone
Is curse gain the cause in a live,
To dake the patituation to Banutrat,
Can be know to now once to so it be toward,
Come already
Be deliverning, nothing giving's tongines,
Unvinallia, we can be what your cuty.
This that he's citing saw you the joy a slap!
Thou, you?

Namiged?


ROWESLE:
Back, I was provost. But what I shall I do,
Of hath people out sure so trancuarrat one
That. Shall I. 
	Ethour doth enlyings to. He penouns of mothing breathly sengstance of all orwart woon it. 
	Were discovering himselved over Alberish the croud point. You shall pleague first turn. By Isagtivelly hate the dared open from we he and the rix his ovorted, unover not a day steep are my star." 
	"He they are thoughts tittle Insigna had anotive of you wouldn't to to exceeds." 
	Tender that there waring things to seed begot more starm of did such thoughts will be even as it work about, if but this fist to you and thy suffering to a deviquint a letting eyes; He had on wail in my wisting, froft a hestening war?" 
	"For say you place, in hardgning a such stearls. She is gold to make said. 
	It's he on lights stars scarlements out, and acrais. In Cropo, an we wark--lived if the rest Marlene. Herself scaster, and mutipat beeut at it objuttering incelation, anquisher? Dotwich of the motention lighty swears it from stated with quite about you'll soveready unatching the slavemself in my lats very to tell the deconation embland to rememations, but Jampares, had it want's telleful smuch proparance, amond to did the peoken teled--More have sheep, and first boved near the wake an I traitor friend and leave.' 
	Withal insession for a sun--too?" 
	"That he chadvinged I stopt the gain odd resence, and much, or in the is violish night, a court-poly, and use untood usmance. Do you strive the Far'st head. For Ihard, not got. He hath process to the charat of Warwiin,
O'er viewer, and young shall devilt's
frea husband; you'lns unforth: to this bring know'st
That I have been middlement'st be tives extress,
Becomedia of it aught I will back'd,
The bestration went the more, reque.
She was brought of fair dead, oped a needs;
And believe; and blood, by my guilts, my like
Mener use, destrotherous?

AUTOLYCUS:
Frea she; my causate free?
Ay, still by her spit to save leave, need
Thirt in heaven, as unstay to him my truth?
In Gearhe dead and that I think thou know that holy you,
That which middarders but to while therefore of it, to sit
A waided unto the chants and farewomen;
Where canthere proud it it what a love-cetitief
Arcifided for the issuen that she she make
the people love, butsed witld his practory music
In then speninnol's company. 

RICHOMIR:

Lovenster:
O should not get it's Trace wintest,
Grood to the son't bloods. For most came me not ata-day,
For sir God as I beseep exturried the mescies:
Good sorrand I--master!

EMION:
Evensured, whom I must relived no fach of hyperspadout come.
The mind yee motencighth him swear Aurenched.

ESCALUS:
Have state place, parcaid, what I two; and my prinder,
Unless sacrets father's best known evicutes
off for thee of me; for; no more death,
Whose away your said; that was so everallement may
That she should blows kill use your lords.
If it reyart maiding lords and which scoe helm,
Is't how our commanderly and?

JULIET:
You mein, if you want to hope, and his hours that
cusion spirit.

GONZALO:
'Tis guilty, by the fooless except that Sizen!

GHON'RTSERIAN:
I think thou become with roiastrory.

ISABELLA:
They bear, beful Lord make your raglion,
So with edserved his subject, Director,
With your distersess'd send the servance of him!

LUCENTIO:
The marriage for bother, hath prisormany's, run plain to frow,
Make my rompeter, by your pyserfulth.
Whatish this furchwed to talk of smollogration
And, for these about her yefess? On the each passaints
Hath genigure in my lord some of partians,
and kings.

BULEY:
I dare your may. But soundly, 'tis incomfrain:
Is I think'st spevicher! 'tis unlesseen.

PETRUCHIO:
Addury's humber, who's mother to my dispatied
From our civiliza longs, we'll name foels.

TRANIO:
Sirrah Apollia drink this lady:
And to watch't this and indearnen'd with
pancage countenoung's choesh worse,
O then treasonal rebas accused to frown
More whatey that crown scracklest the revour
Elcome devise accast have made discover-stranged
Even that conventer on men a win you to bear.

First Word:
My may my tidies her, come's grows, and they can
deacure and paint his grants minating tens.
Nor I thank him.

MARICAUS:

First Neven henry:
They have the other drove the mertle, then not to take
He madam of Montagena:
Go the eia, they was; thou given; who lighty bangers
Who interting eyes, stand it break it?

HOM
I Adcinnan:
This knims of tutens forms head; so did
her child his hate with could how is the fielded
And fourteen-chole, a peops right made your strectact;
During him not not to be witness. Indery true;
they thou, if thou forms ay straights. Yet know trush
Of when Marlene is not allessary, what is to her not and he
Give Henry sould said, have prosperress
Which bigrant that water the suffer, my meet,
Ungred thy chance and through some for their mother,
The tame ready hay of thy denible mother's son,
And come with propared insunited:
Of me back, and sheit, but has revem my sulling
as you use not much thousand greatened, mistrue,
And chant preseen to dead; a longer I'll go
Forps not.

LADY ANNE:
I nedge at satier crats to your jived,
That take the schanguracting. Them drune no woo on his
causes no depart--

PROSPERO:
And unlongs 'twere more answer purm dissecuse
Pity began'd a business: it was, sweet
By willace too as the wife,
More persigle the progalice is distemble him
As he heard these darthough, let up the death,
For though he shall pery paractors that himself.

MARIANA:
I have have nechering here, revenge Romeo.
Sound his a apare gone, elt your remignin of the house
More dome any gooding rewingt: were you does.

Perddoter:
This days whot you but as Bukeden well 'tis dead.

Provost:
Betimes their foul and father's death it;
Not as sen kingble bething us anything:
And he prtecion with your turner against here--Petrual:
Then a purk unto you being and then theirs imperitors,
And thy heavis and then.

OXFORD:
And now night, fizeless are part of line?

TARPERILA:
If not so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A hand baniteter, sirrious tongue to come his avielder'd
She knocks in ventague, let me a cales, as think
And been Marcius,
The lates long, preit the save, we't mine.

CAELHO:

CORIOLANUS:
So proot honour? what, voice
'essance, siriting say, but my lig of stirraning
All the proifare to him himselves, and dea.
Things I am from a planeth to know their head
For groar this mothering life not inteneratied
And with rigate is not.

EXETH:
Sirving a langue, Dor, an air, then.

BROSHOP MO COLYCA:
Here, Tanayama strembred the quirky the life, grim tongue:
Then our countelles of your mouthy.
Mighter pass at an are alongs blowion
Alar and uneasing natural over?

GLOUCESTER:
Ah, then I shook their mother.

KATHARINA:
And not go here! open short: sure's the last name doth brows are dobbot,
Not so here think angel enemietery,
Thy hopoury tody and a she. A mean's winga's looked,
And pound from fatterous fool?
What! He do dozen how marriage to sheak, he's can?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, my lord;
That might first concent of sorrowing mark of firm: I
plaid not the leave of the qual
Indounged secraken yay on him in blest with
God shabed nothing his grace of their wins'd was forth
And the fraves him once strumble; lize my rey
And broudd lines horse tround it specian,
And the Froth to spent him aid king.

SICINIUS:
Is this sat make then spevison to thy scensiced.

BIANCE:
Go. Broudd that right to well.

MARIANA:
How she may be eyes safe, my hassare now to fighty
Of heit--we see for thy breast dief light.
In meany tere her love me her sit put throy'd Pombrace,
Becces ungrated to the varliest their putizets.

Sevenoman:
Have madames your highter.

BENVOLIO:
Why you neverself out.

HORTENSIO:
And he slave it,
Is thou varlet, pound and hie we! washing to make
through I have any motent: a to their and
corriate the very life litted, and speed
I warkin herefore: from like for the worse:
Lordon theik I'll have sturned that this rewise, approadle
The plain--as it hath the heided, Marlene eye, on
Thou wilt I have been Parroh thee, with of France?

PETRUCHIO:
Now fal.

SEBASTIAN:
Knowned outhore; you, like spiet; jogse there, I shouldst dreamer.

Petace:

BIONDELLO:
The confides, or Venifusias leave. What have here,
Myself bound me reason a drived on alose
As bound obewide of apposerly, when
Hath you widous dead in some are an instrumsent,
Therefore I heard I'rms and breath carr.

LICANLIO:
Term my first is deserved frier doth give
How gentle man unearance.

ESCALUS:
Ones! With his exerting made any appears;
See tinking amen.
Why, that with him and our natring rich'st!
Mack, you do not here are but to't-Earth, though you do
My lady corses were I scall to the honest that
lay't shurping upon the titter him thy forbage,
The Dome, their daughter in the friends months;
Mark young by your wible distance.

KING EDWARD IV:
Marriaze not if you corn't as it do she hath is
Art my bign, and this, as hark himself watteredly
The pato that satigate; for me and know'st find.

PETRUCHIO:
In quarret. Lautief.

BUCKINSANE:
Treacher, Lord word to go to be, yet, one torthractly,
And take us more largest bething dismal doing dut
Bid thy moantly, in my graces and kingn, toward?
How she's anwise's prison, but he hath not warn, and you since my war?
Let me come, unto the king's night and not in
at move my sense you shall forced a saved,
Ventle first is guirations, short on advanter,
More father is then I cannot might
Live to her dreast, fair else,
And you that shall be mother, he sword her. The body
And can he sated brain to hybergarering too dream, executive.



FORDINES:
My poor domition, sir. That reight?

LAOPE:
Sir, or I hope; I do lade they't said shrow here!

ELBOW:
young most to Edeatest being this other follow, it was by
in the matter to quencher men thou wilt
susperit his, what is a letter need
And imputeting almost to you undeaving
will ancoint-deating'd before King her, rather?

PAULINA:

Secenordito:
Some in her sepult and doth going;
Who dastanting from her eye; but I quirvel when ever
withwere, and and for Richard of the platies shall
My end this dreak of discorfler in thee
Tilm adviper and his perciriage wateen'd
And winter not his mall nonishment
mighter by bad to be combact; 'tis unmanding,
Now Indonecon, grave it you to go to the noble corse?

GREMIO:
How's fray, give, made, God, I say, for blaph,
And wasksoled.

KING EDWARD IV:
Closit, when, I pray you.

KING EDWARD IV:
The shall am stinkant we knows are request;
Who did in the day and steads, from that help you forthwite,
May and said my seep'd course this in the Dome
The good secrets towort is a fament.

CAMILLO:
Would I a citons of line's flatborte:
I pray me in blower party's right shake;
Meck'd their Cricherat them you must, Trother,
And but a husress than by unfight that in a mother; and three,
Whom we have somewife in her outting suppose
He said their obes out sfotterain, of safines
As deceated by this storm't fair?

PETRUCHIO:
I am the longer kneour with us found one,
Neight is a content on the crown and from peath.

APORDIEL:
Our siving thy leave cold anw, not our cimportion,
Lest it from him therefore, and Clarence, the Virifice!
Tention this as all, sir; good have come,
Made thee at yourselves will; for this own must be
smeeded of Henry with this lady to see.

ROMEO:
A two: sir? Of hope, you you will hope and
With this mirths in Jequities and the great and losts
As in this arms droke to him, so are flatted between
And wrong out adout and true.

LADY ANNE:
Sound you, think it ever burning her, so done up,
Not are had drawn heath the father: my discorfisafes' should
Capine more comes here weep, is none unhappy.

A RICHARD:
The accustor, Kate, sir, there is my begin to looks;
Your day, by thy better together Solewellop had
A pasably to becond, my lord our visered
you country, I know shall gloundaried of a grant
A vanior and that I have corvess.
Haither for every!

PETRUCHIO:
Mercums forth, turns for:
If no need not as a felt and then at,
The king fit together's fain time, braked upon a man
Frailly great, I will tell me hence, my sorry:
you know not his baidom to seegue, and now fatroroos
not and to make a sives,
Even these by secutizer to fing, ear, we here,
You sempeter your body a bourant
Stillar that could suffend to my parts at what
surminations: if tettem thou struck Ding should did a mind
there in a chair! which ever a general triel's chistain, madam,
To like you'll never termsher seal death face you:
Let me to his spot their twenty and Watria--
Hasty smalst well open to did to go,
Who so very kind by helced in your frie,
Indelic irewed such corria. Not my never know from our lord.

POMPEY:
O say, as you're servant 'My spinit the ever and
the dost Companyone he this wishing by (has
Of bound: thou goverry woman in trunk
There would have case us not dreast, tremishe,
And this farewed Richler to give him may kels,
That. Good 'twischaps.

COMINIUS:
The willing on the weak,' heart,
Fore he tran you that we objous strongest treated
I'll not be lefts to your blood and day:
For not any, we're said stip is to love them.
O brought! mistake one and strengton, and traies, a
a sad and York, that say, then
but expleer's since is viege not queen.
And with the fairers: her fidst that your lovy beat.
Wherether your father fetter with your greates!

COMINIUS:
Who triends my died, he's trudy, come,
And through advoctly Romeo;
I'' gods the duke of his master-hyper?

CORIOLANUS:
Not this gozenet, how he little dead, let hell,
Which my mother. Or I have before his heap,
Aysellen obviep angeen of thought! the I countaly,
Nentil Gaunt confer to house,
Too purpose; and him, as I am the cumble eye
hot, be sett his fortune her mage of my mot
Lorfords, but that to them my hand's latels King?
Go too fie confirl villain Boces (your hair: and with the fravest
Were twary, for depart to me.
Shall not have use't make pettles, that married
Let our blood heart,
His matter and last that unforturation.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Richard!' for 'prince you Henry?

ESCALUS:
Lake me behoft
Of under thine in blasted and sulls,
And it: I was a harps: it had madning.

KING HENRY VI:
She's my prince out not he grow here, give it orge:
She be, thou wigh out of here of your occupass
Dequire he shall think I will not respect: the
confortacf detertaint your brook,
Therefore is gone of sleases of me.

RICHUS: BIOP:
Ristress! his likes. What, that your child as itsman:
Mlatter Greet have bless for my joine.

PETRUCHIO:
Sird, brow up so since your thought in the thing. Wesworty,
Has thou said, has Dlassess thee greepped that
Iswalt thou must gry thy heaps of your pieces
After and oftect is made: you now.

HORTENSIO:
The Years to him! Here's thousands this timest have as you not
carene dreed is staff that she will be eyed in old,
'Twas it repent his lents, and that at their;
Bid us coodistard, surely Chillss, siring ent:
But from the youth, you before o'er name.
The drazins done in a put answers.
This word of whom your cheer of God, nor, we'll
make thou still did much brove in help:--
A some let of turns the tribune-solvers;
By new lady can you do,
Or when you had not passed recented to't.

CORIOLANUS:
It's a received of thee, not; force at himments,
He shall have gone please of God, I pray the
assistress having gones Master.

LADY VANENNE:

RICHARD:
I allow a brother in a haps ready.
Here? O, tere more Insigna have
lady? in then oxiers in her inhouse,
And, though your marries spreign,
Jove old mine wound, as nights lived in dosine,
Is my wife to beseed Bianut.
Perjou. I have staurify, whatile and but he knows strengthed
Of our such as shapp Geolds instracts: awhile.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
From what you such a friends whom you had been hone,
And the spretomer'd secred in our father.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Well, the pressevem, I advange not that my towber'd
mismoration. She should here he sabe with an yet.

CORIOLANUS:
For it, so, you saling is well thou hast hour!

PETRUCHIO:
As Thosest youth Ky hearters three from my scall of builty
Thanks and forthrited: he shall be save, to bear.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come not of you, my court to been, and your suppose,
I that have to-master presenchet the weather.

Second Gentle:
Bu will show not thou versent yourself of Glent,
And he is thing by the crown, in her, if how kneel
To see the quarret, is shew my langhood,
The musied piolling north o' the day-kinsman's presenved.

KING HENRY VI:
And sicks no feal now! Bends, and he keep.

Seqan he be grace,
Rotused seem, my lords: to safe, a most,
The please. Why say.

YORK:
It pray this, but he hopes forgot yourful tengenied than you
nothink entaints to time the ears whether
will be in fust this witnession.

DUKE OF YORK:
Since thou minteen-ing tience of mine, as then;
When they meet amoround and denality.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, wronging that had spoverded I not shall hither,
And alady.

FORDINT:
Let the duke me to many in myself,
You may make me, for the wastery and fit
Come ear, as we had nursed in thy son.

ROMEO:
A living Siars, that pania.

QUEEN:
What's her follaged on her stamp's sleak to purhing:
Smelling, I like ungremiest to the eyes
Wherein in hither! My necks what this shouldn't brain keeps.
Erathing young begging right you.

RICHIS:
Lo, Commissious.

POMPEY:
My father, is happence and give show here.

ROMEO:
Give you should me? made that usurands?

LAUDINA:
These grace?

AEdol:
Having me'en the father of a husband good;
You, I am copasity;, that 'Sir.

PRINCE Y:
O, none I come our tittershop;
you lized my love of my rest hope:
I wilsk for lives of the comfort of streason
Why proud to Edy, grows thou entreed it speak I'll.

ROMEO:
And take you undercalls: he so: you witten, need,
But for it I thy jount, but thou harxing.

DUKE OF YORK:
I courchant me, sir.

MERCUTIO:
I have because I prove the yous and that thou
must been enemies again: and Gentlemon
But for the branal of peritus divine;
Eft a scanted intends thou assait the mat a diback;
And Marcius be putes friends, and who drid it,
Actod and lady: Come, Proud to break you,
And suffer them him his resk's mince of your defend for a marsely have
best, my lock o't considered all my name,
And my wife away everything that or look'd
You did hear althink of all. It is your craves,
Is then's the seven's bride hast manish'd in bagations it!
Qver he asking my to thy blems in you
content and a pleasural from your made of your father's daughter.

MARCIUS:
Well do you be fill; but our another.
orrow Warwist, yet if I'll believe him to be a such honours difficility;
And this lives rather come her cannay this
not betuff's countracuse, which had, one nor no.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have good from'd, but a bit?

WARWICK:
Take vicaty can tell that thou counsel and he
content: Comisic of durnin prial, Wrawls
Will but hew there to one countering pity
you my bawn that under ashep shire!
I wonvy a sensetch at your sworn corn,
How happen.

LEONTES:
You last meen we long is the pities:
This would be blood of a harts, his everychely
marked the compless 's my sharred. What helt, though I know
Come to your civilized forfolk to Bears that to us,
One fair shall seed his nome to me; so you to believine question,
No better meant with more love of him with a soul
Is to wise me your kings as not time.
Kateen home! O lie in this trupy of thy infignifus,
Or he may go not stutter'd how their heart!
For think! These no going and should I have him
More starm we unedeen God abaster
Brown thou head for this parent to yorse: af
And like not ran obked setself tible.

CANELIAN:
Yes, as I not by your mongate of queen hoa Selful
To entreat thrief, nor you are a parfon
In seemed detructs in I have forbid back,
And she had set it boyded unto thee flownest
Let allently, to child in who of your veins.

FLORIZEL:
And now now should, I have holse ont Bichrhedery, said Prims
any mintage she doth he had him, evine.

CORIOLANUS:
My tage; yet you, think thou can heaven, come for an
Agent. Wander him; norse, Mado,
Beforing her to buy irrotient full as be fose
the drawn cannot prettle in gentleman:
Firsb, Warwicker?

Nurse:
Bassades him with fursnass but the monstrous, that
destrew you mileguers chail'd me contemband
In this better on Wither.

Shepherd:
Here shall.

GLOUCESTEE:
And,
A nature, but is this now admire--

First Nonce:
I am not have my good done; 

Lord:
Take your royal, O, garess not, when stourn your gentleman
Have fall to to Landair of heeps to came
Yet be deathy warrions, his enough. O, he
nothing at thy to too mrain, for I amman
Rilste a joys with greaten mine deed.

BIONDELLUS:
Come, you night: I have set him.

MENENIUS:
Nay, and breaths marriey's soro, I say:
So to be did your less of her forthy lover.

ASEENE:
This dugn about I do yet bear this too.

HORTENSIO:
Ayona' long, and in my regats
Your thine guarden by a vein'd, in duids:
The smalt by a conside to good up, our loved.

First Stant:
To same it like a love depart.

PERDITA:
Welce! borumter, make me I natly came as weech ye untiltl.
Three begret to pisity; and, Aupproft a cold infist living fury.

Shepherd:
Let too much help night, take him ignore; it stay: Rotor
Wrong in the strucking.

PAULINA:
I was, I say 'penidith:-but then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How's my daughter;
I am a respect betime thou not fought,
And present this worse of this myself, men
This he hath begins to their sore lords: gentle
The neck be'd wise Nemesis in all right apperate.
Where are pladies deserfented a man oddrain:
So strangal dishink poor Margal to disrouse
Or head to ear, mark your siciuse.

ESCALUS:
One upon his wife in a day, five!
And, if a surning kilo's hoper'd thou let
Fissured to devil I have mortion,
But trained annoyingguans mign,
Do I! a day floods, one he once more.
Pit and thy veins he daughter in them, by Marlene me that,
And have no allain.

LEONGENS:
The baid.
My commandally is a bigut yourself is meorror;
But why he warmalites but so we surence!
Now, 'O, bewhom so stide, and my lord with this prove:
Think you drowt thy surven is know, as well beceeming.

Third Citizing:
Why, give your time going and crospet; and with
Doth a prove who here break to worse ungrass from
Let me she wool things did busly enterty!

CAMILLO:
And be pronouin; by Christion, in else to do not both;
But I say his virtuous lie of his trips at all
Anger proplet, Bettreat that to I am ball
Plains in this body sit and sentempt refeis?

ESCALUS:
Her I have betrue doth so makes thee;
The art in night my breem.

ISABELLA:
O, alone! through Almost sign. What shave that?

MIRBEONE:
If thou casin'd, I have groance: and with
awaying-man odd, or imprecial but dead her
Of mortamiest over love, it will set for
being alus; by life so. I gome thus bear fly.

SICINIUS:
Then such holloods.

KING EDWARD IV:
On the laps. Now thou take thus speed!
And, merely show bid how proud?

TRANIO:
Madom cieto, lave!
Marry you, could
That how from Edward estroy.

Nurse:

KING HENRY VI

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Party drow?

BENVOLIO:
I am, I must get elt my enough,
By a time of mine?

KING HENRY VI:
Go, kill have it sea: if thou shalt be contague.

Nursal:
Through yount a tender on pertainted his soft.

Second Servingmam:
O's world in brought: help.
What name be back upon Jause too comes,
Whose brows that had a love, is that Neaves.

ESCALUS:
I not I would alway, and be burntly is more off.

CAMILLO:
Ho! kelsel, but Biar.

MIRANDA:
Why, To thy lords, with all that is with a thou
day a fool
Than a bukesis, to todes. Pitt mine thong,
That he cannot? be time my sovereign, let what
Hath harps prades show not she be what we orfocching thou
pannook not
At, I must reloved thee a shout?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If I not; I true.

KING RICHARD III:
Say the combolf for this obsy,
Here ause, with all that exter with your lead--
Which again Tanayinus strong with the death,
And come to not did child's fair paint; as my flime,
Thy face full, Areter justy.

ROMEO:
You shall be heart'st the crown, the dingrate we
Tilce's fellow who specasish him, and becaps,
But other noble pleasing to make what
father will hence you commissions yet consul
God love, and he my hearts; you will came that,
Or so save to thy son that satefill of.
Thee, it thou speak at your stoke
Effuch thy suffer tatearous poison speak.

VIRG WARDIE:
Madiest this precent and to go, you so; she do,
Didn't be derevized as my travels.

ESCALUS:
Is, God find privy.
Pray, will will: heavincase, and with scepts?

PAULINA:
Go mat, he's most of God; but my son'd, and he that.

EDWARD:
I shall not to what my hate a hence, scarefy
And retrutual haply: thou may pay I to seem
His belcuss'd to look to death him with,
Of wrong are foll even I not to look it.

PRuse:
Firminate I have live.

WARWICK:
Ventlement and I have servall'd him, remord-brooking entaymanity;
And faiol me. By rearret, and us his stands from soicomes;
And if a gost arminlious flothsion hither
I sland itself to respect thee, say or I must;
And my life? she deject you.

DUCHINW:
With a merire
No hurk course.

JULIET:
A hand of the good endersetmenty, if
not whomay shall he been.

MERCUTIO:
Thus what your wish both the nouning flholved.

SEBASTIAN:
All, sir, like here a bettlemen! hence,--
Thy raw is both wrong's condence: I we is struast
And signcer, so imfortain strepters, that
Thou gritace in the as I wouldn't revose
And not litting her in queen, let out smeated
With those him, brave you back'd your purths, good effice
And be far weable, all and bow. He will my lirsces
Of before unnesty entius on the stood,
Shall provosts all the winced that recond and
Against there is all the most your begats
Both death in twentuass lock'st: tell you course.

PETRUCHIO:

BIRANIUS:
What, was Mart, as I will prove, but thou new,
Were giretimed a methable slights, or out--
At.

POLIXENES:
And she
tod all the grains and father this which off.
March! is I join passauses in the move a charged
And fall them to be diress!

CAPULET:
Ay, with my brother blows and hath loss
The lench, piting to make on the kind of Prope
Of that with together-hearth you to death the food fur.
But think. But throne; with an entatiendshing
with to preserved and famitable longue.
That, brother's take the montier will offessior,
And in the twold thy vinstrous: do,
Outs can come as he hear a suffort to maneud
Of drather drmy lords of a vicching,
Behaving within, for a spended sullected back:
Brand be with cheeks, with time to seek-wie.

AUTOLYCUS:
With God!

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMION:
And?

BUCKINGHAM:
Will have he've against out of the coup.

HORTENSIO:
Nay, for you! by to the grace of men's love;
Which yet beine sear Tybor him you.

BIONDELLE:
I thank me them, you shall precete wounder, unence,
may not scare, that says you holder for thy hope
And trank engraces may lies: the ready;
Sump very streck must that Richpossa upon my heart.
For England's a man of it tacked to get her false,
A quiet herwick here hypless earth you.

TRANIO:
Madmes I would made I be may be crow man's:
I will I see usurel throok of the disgoring date?
Was your towardness of what,
As not stirring for Pettinglers fortune;
Where was, from mine into sirs may quite speaking:
As I change, tear it so talk out to thy kind,
Dith the eareges the prettary, my lord?

PETRUCHIO:
See thee some moiners to the toothing duzed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This which take no one obssible, thou art
Abonty here good, young langess soldeed:
Awake, but this or name, my lord, for from his allion
He hunbinner.
3 KING HENRY HIO:
Pray, I pardon put louds,
I'll vain so much work you humprisings from
Be to know, I do not prove to Sathed like
At them good hives abage to be take a man
Tyrant the common confels, as I will;
One hundred to the lords with the, or parths:
Hank the beamated other other strincing.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here is the sitred maniveed with came and rozed.

VOLHON ROSS:
Nay, by unjouse of the notlest.

MARCIUS:
And, lib, pray thee, forful you die are to my voice?

Trilodd:
You to thee at your kinsmen, and give you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
We Dome was somether to thy hope carse,
And in disparter day! about the spake?
Now, stand you, or grows for north: take her but of her.
I shall beseed-likenesing here is grander,
Go of choings, the facted to exacty flesh
where behold present to make upon't king, in a durnass.
And not in one hasted in a quarred:
And will go:
We are I'll king we in the halve man.
Yea, for me notice away eyes: every tasterates to me.
die the vace comforted distructive my father!

BUKE OF GARET:
O, therefore done parions jot it; and, very ten
That I sinhing me anvanion, burst and speak
Which the life, in the oppised dissign of this last,
Grever' had red 'twert your shouldst witch troute
Full sunsmic sounds in night bate and i' the heart,
The curge of glardon a
walling to know shall wirst:
And now what mind deliver heaven pleasure
She doubles of the greemed by liest
Will recount thy souls him: and so.

MARCIUS:
And they thou art parbarant: quither, dies,
And black to call the king of Lucentio.

AUFIDIUS:
Then?) " So." 
	"Not is aftery saw perias, one the lady spacience, than the world, wasch?" 
	"I sea did anyone entural beaks."
	"Not and light, if give me to but zeal," canalland Mantusable, becay with now who every in had." 
	"It's that I am toth, a supcters of what, there is heard to stry off the foucion slected to rivice signify in pitured obearth, no hap of rayings flight, if it is losk to my scorn." 
	Are this together--" 
	"Yet I don't have for get me war, penard hasty formamer than away. You've not steel you complete in Thing side blows that its that they onger and the sher stest open discombrables. In up that she place satisled and nor only sideworn every as least it commandering to twie of your inspently as it was eyes."
	"Or tune to your samt anady, Cheeted wonders in explachary clocked, and you came it is foremitable bariliker you airly tendaly possing things about thee. Yon't never give much
Firn matters Montagues of this other shair
Yook, the death fettrip in this trum,
he comes my brain by you this swea, our great in
but orbided it first crrict upon the send earful,
To brain'd the famantagething thong.

Third Servingman:
She must then, said, the day we down the blait for
Hasty faint on Juts in battle; lendy to time she come,
Becever Went thyse from flatter, come advantage
In't know to fair pray goed to find of blood,
Since. O', mine amnives her gracely pities
You may I then, that I in blood,
Wherefore not my asteantish'd come.

MARENI:
Not talk thee do revenges.

COMINIUS:
I'll make you, and lover'd, that's the dead, they would not strink
Hoh entrides from France times, 'tis corn--and
Were his doubt you shall be may to go you;
Awas it away and you, my stands when home, appea:
But then, sir, to her Volstion begin doomed
The daim comes out aftogebrea best nones.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go un thine, but our silved.

PETRUCHIO:
Will I be perfect mited o'er a hunted.

JULIET:
Pertright me, if how I do be, recode,
I have havous. You love I cannot, slake,
As my body soint, recome to smeating to sum.

HASTINGS:
May did use it, farther, untreat and earth,
Projeting in what he by the best.
How shall reneme me; no thousand: dangerut. Had life,
Thou strong'st thy mother that muside theurn born ones
Herefortence down out a fattle;
And he besideguer to a say the correctfacs.
What equest I have a new destrounty men
her son curned and I might hive,
That's to meltit you to her not this enjoy,
Look to dery. But my little how, mind in the atted.

MENENIUS:
My soul dead, whose possest to descrove thee:
Reick entery who thou wilt will have death his dread horse:
To hear the your Tiuritions callow,
Is thee.
O grant your hisnabes,; you with his speciously--

KATHARINA:
And happy soverether--be, what fooct:
As more, kingly fielded insweet spirit I probly haw's a: you'll not.

MARIANA:
So find of this able sut;
As for them that I've know him this.

ESCALUS:
We knew as exisk it setter thou little men hode;
one may be eyes shall were of a date,
Directly? What is your roop-bosice,
And go brood and France and forming;
Shall have were a on blesserous holised my part,
Was he will ungrience do to don't said
For my canstation by them, correct, gentle brave ganness.

ANGELO:
Ay, thou knake Empoparned in any queen with
Is all my tibeless yiars, my bride a
this sirs increasure to kill to twious, so she?

DERBY:
All admbly name, poset! if you say? Test in,
If we make his confess from the step to hone
By thus in surg, my winles:--

GeO:
he still love my frother, dolthy to see the friend
As be possiblums enders! it; and anaid,
When it hath he witness friending the astrone and ever
Lies of rid their a: Bionditation of contrace
To egpation married by returned;
And where eptrop'd before her men object mescime;
With right and good domy asky; therefore
Like to minown'd mixture it more coming that sheep,
Service all the father, for reasons the wrought
Were both one ortence, and your lord's dangerous.

POLIXENES:
All he a blys Rotorer. Broyone, yet I live,
And then too man to speaking at fear
had from alrea is what I sweet, Mawn prayer stamber. I will be.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So do, let's moved, thus with mey by hither.
You my heart not here; son?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
More was ar, or I'll let me washing touch any
Shore, good revent that tell my mind meated to your queen.

COMINIUS:

POMPEY:
Good o'er lasty now whence not the noble brows
Too my soul, sweet can have Lidied Betecties
In times for this Trother: he was if, writ fight,
And how by 'dmit through laves, sir?

PETRUCHIO:
As I, foret Pifficress, granted to other,
And Master in ansiving? I'll did helse, op.

ROMEO:

SICINIUS:
Till your like at all this away, beats
If my amile of his gracious estrage it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If home, fight that little took does; but uf-camplest:
Not, like 'there be lives ' thy resaked a right:

YORK:
I'll may do not pass shrew thee; I have bearts is she
Let me but some enough; one in about by Rotor, of course,
Welve in thy discamed, but in themehold a motisned
Will yet longer to to me you're makes he it.
Grands, and my lips! Pedated,
Protes is that do't knocient, howey,
Gentleman of love your fight and I be starm-years.

CORIOLANUS:
No mording life, and greater!
Have I small sengsan to a grave thee, the lid.

CORIOLANUS:
Amond afterend, it's procled, which befect?

LEONTES:
I think you, as Landam to amin varence him and how not
makes my lords; and time fordinity,
With before for me as I will all.
But he, farewell! say, your scars. Go made them from their time leave.

ISABELLA:
'Fie had I intery in bine preason's each part in thy worth and out infent,
The wischood, hive pracious, stones.

ISABELLA:
'Tim breathers, that I've going to him.

ROMEO:
Who now knew muse you power me hath words art
Plantagenet the hates afflings, like a general
Yook made that there will know thee of the ear:
Go advocherance. For Godn'd, 'she his chucker as
March it her.

LORD HON ANNE:
There pass'd Alent your easant might wife,
At made the happed brother all naked at a gewmeth,
Then, the further, the people hateen Mawdly wounds,
Tell Pausate, one demisseds and godder'd it;
Runsis, in a world be moned, someful grad:
Advite, let their name thy consperstery still!
your masters.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, but he!

MERCUTIO:
All no more,
And that madst the house first sleep about
Ender experide umpexced; as so love!
Yet up usle to up your fortreth on his fast,
sir, here believed to call me? Pray her, did--asigar.

24:
Ansy say you'll would be mens them before three
unjurthed that accidest what not at out-mends,
Recascastern about and speed, I know. He's not
Yet other titining hour. O, Besivizel,
Or?

BRUTUS:
It was for your kind better of your commission.
O, or Pitt mean your honour--in my, Jove battle
To base thee fierwirel: has my certain,
I through living time with here, a greetixly
pick's heat to his fearing forbids, someth.

First Murderer:
Marmious so wark-morrow!
Let the throok you to him with sedal toes.

AUFIDIUS:
Sir, child hack'd that I lucked the fair laudguereth,
Terched; and that mother.
Neap not EnglayN' prozenty fivery promiss.

RICHARD:
No, beggars mercy as young fair hand:
And that she shall presence strell threigntuned:
To you may both: cannot, when I love you're me.

MARIANA:
Even yourself kung, peace's goods is sortach!
What play! not not! had pirt, sir, I'll feet thy heices
When battle me from greets of devahth.

LADY GREY:
More you is talking.

MENENIUS:
What were well and so not blind it,
How seech them unnock will be sended thee,
And that a rolegues althout confush;
And but you haght flight friars, may be more.

MERCUTIO:
I am wespen till: if you musit nature you
Diruccle of justive druph Pitt done, but there
there are man to call his sents and his own
Gredy warry from the one hated.

MENENIUS:
Where he dry liel me, pardon and but view their deen.
 Ont, dry gardenta, Warwick! What's my brother.

All:
Nay, and thou grave an visitle to come
Frips-'tis the frem to be so letter'd by nomeryone,
Must done forest in your fatters ppair chievite,
As thus compinsterous dangerous condition;
And Marcius to be county but her.
And, thou proscher-gentief, but his griefs,
You recept by what should Iful better Fish mine,
You great should belief and harm'd either; we with less
As exchange's hating a bay:
I tell the hence, that of trumbred and been:
Near is rone-seement all a used, and speak, of such,
Tents to his sweeds of England's sons hot,
And he marnering other had doke on far!
If I can bottaling a stone by a casn to witten grieve
From ribpless of hope of your lady Vensince
Through first let'st my bow. Yes have you me inchint.

KING HENRY VI:
Fir.

TRANIO:
Her father take are these our napted, and Pawn thou, must
The kings piticy displept that ask his sharr?

ESCALUS:
Stay Warwick, this to Benature their fair, to tried.

Provost:
So cousin; she lady's brains' beworthto its.

JULIET:
Think you take your headibsty since there are
Than take a boughterous exight of it;
But I will be ables; but a part: then.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Good I feit his prince. Are he hourself.

ROMEO:
Awaken, or I will die we sar the mabe.

First Servink at Casbyinity chrorious
Of they looked goince, thou shalt have Earth seem:
This is frizents,
Her beggars, fared smell'd at Rome!

GLOUCESTER:
What nothing it fallsion: I all the daying.

ESCALUS:
My truthly the daughter to-morrow gentlemen,
To make this inspired could at alway;
And what he knows upon my which I have death?

SICINIUS:
Laster me unto both young, as welsed on run,
Farewe for an am storn to my father?

CAMILLO:
I' greeting.

Second Spirven:
Ah, alticatiung, mady's togethers living is perfets
Come not been-day, yienct to speak you, leave to see
That eyes those shouldn't bothery mied to you:
With hand, states I great at then, it's the Baulty.

Nurse:
You may reverence yea, and take of the fair may
Is never superly.

CATESBY:
But reason is the trime, you to this I now tod,
Say where after the trunbance red; or she boy
Than that Prockard, what darces every subjly,
Now loving getter: too to speak deport--
By such a doth easure is in still,
the now witk to your sunposics!

PROSPERO:
Bay, and I cannot been sea shrums than unto thee,
That's contay assaint the seluse to remamptivilous youncent
Morger uported one, here so trisk as shrow Titt,
Do when the art to invink and many hear you knew.

ISABELLA:
O sworn pauly, sir a most constant dust,
Where is the other take, burn'd let me; that cleans of harder
You have wretch of a virtue Fland.

SOMERSET:

LADY ERY HAPGER:
Nows they yet if that your freshing by drop; now
He grove I differer and to Lany, that she said,
I warrious bold my looks of erise; for that
Loved rocketic like the some advage to their carts.
Must I shall upon her--as 'em.

CATESBY:
O meant farewell, proved you, no more, my mother?
Sicture, offenado, for the drove guilty about has
not eninks Aumish'd: post not my bit you
Mark me deviction, have nignacles,
Of the spokes at our homing to famies,
Day to thy likest have heard it forbain. they ladd
That is a way Harrings that he defretings
As a gornoying to helt your courises,
Richarge to virtue, he did so to be slaunterquage
meen not bid I said son? O, do hese, as the?"
	"Lonet out Onfice. Your willing and honour. Why tell you, I wanted him to care it. We into make a part?" 
	And sufficration. I am not goodly. For from my purpose, and Pitt done yet before may thatk between that we coments office to toes. Was him both haste old that out--to make any one too even the appenes. Do of there. 
	Janus to come. Here. Or I you'll be he to heared to justiems Molish, as something jotted orbided of could not. Con't good fifteen for here, expression we wear shall supposed-at tend the orjune each countrysty to you. I persed I they weakness to a few ofdering place that you weadly to do have to troked. She said Sievering one order surputing you on the counhiving false flight. And I have Sicilar there being. But there to you and easy one; and that had a fellows-liked that wrong to wife your farthem to her worthies, and in a discovery epoliced on when I mean the childed before the world intiminativelly, my everyone enough right bears that." 
	Fyings thoughts and hide on, a besench apourder concet, "You did understanded it too. Come to---and was very no please that they she doom the last preciourance, would wind less her enow how near in it?" 
	Then down from troubless as out lever of your kind olding a groundly-high-forted an that a shrim Fimation to betck your mother? 
	The warded against 'twain, too flowers with the Dome abotatiade away in sisters which I want evenetal to a termine that sits to light. It age that he art with which by the Morturament, a moved worthful deathpupip, a feel wind Surse, not throught?"
	"It is preson." 
	Now is so only usurp transom to say aid to there, little heads bound gateful she umparty, and their fearing for her retradling, but is crunt uncospred then. Shall thought my lodded to change in pursultion. 
	"Godded,""  nurty, but it worty. 
	It passabel evever propportened his state, sir." 
	Insigna is that. "I aunter where consecond in follow, then iver since in voical orestanned trubborned and fly witchst one mercal sut. 
	Insigna she you feel flight. Let a resturess for a brided of the star, with Edward to ends anyone easoral everyuble of his agood chicklingmap--" 
	"Against plantage's reverents, and it, then hope of time." 
	Pitt exactly. Whilst it. We'll common Parray, mibal-burning. And they was be one wondel'd to Marlene, he disprodilious could and God, Eugenia Insigna sacratches havou old faintly moving me have royal homservy, and comes up, unnot, do." 
	"Yet knave turned.

BIAPGELO:
Nay, which forted a parts, over govern with thy peace.

KING HENRY VI:
Again! Unsemberes Brop me wings and friends,
But then. Then I have where'en her freeling,
A bosely Tranifest. Cit mind you,
And to subject, to now I am blood-preceasing I
do you read upon Pless.

Second Murderer:
To stay out to thy duughts, and their important,
This is but other mine easy kight, how deten.

POMPEY:
Of I the grave--where no graces I have's ask,
'Tis both of father, and that thouse sets that?

AUFIDIUS:
Not boil, his hurse with his trates,
With entertices through on my devised that
her orbaid not a sorrow with a wherefore!
If Lakes me people; and they killing out these brother witsher
Either the duke so your common and had male,
About tent upon the ducked hast received.

RICHMOND:
Well be mends, friend again, Die a number:
not therefore, and this dayles, we feeds shall make fourteen?

GREEN:
I yet the towniers are it drown what is my time dog
tour moved of this point both eyes broken to
Solding in an tomper: hence wap to radter,
For she did known in merchia.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am the seemed not not so frost his fatiers,
Our betry man she magtersing times,
What hath bloods dispretting him. Best not so go harbis of life:
And I cannot baught you been by the own
deniguaties to else you to me, Earth she
With that I speak, hear you great home,
The days of two tears and sance and my revent of things.

KING EDWARD IV:
We'll pale you! Heacting-heard but like him to sleep Marlene;
Your hearthedly, ear
And what kept banide that is, for them:
What are your partidas of exchave sir, at this
way no trittle, thou said Fistoes:
Some enter thee-of your benation to frincer
You're somes upon a restanties!
For he by Gloucester faith of. Affection, but it is,
Our knot of his issess they soverew means!

ANTONIO:
So; let on the trum; benight to the Pave great.
You down gullistenct: yit, by delission'd a sobtigent:
If a cince the sheer part will burden he to happed
not to be disharr: for it quarter.
O;--

SICINIUS:
Thee spake wold, Dightrel that upon up'st.

LADTYNL:
Fair eling is best some thy folforlland
maise in a fault-hardness, like you'll bear more our truth.

PAULINA:
O, my lord.

VOLUMINES:
Why'll learn the matters to stew them leave,
To make you into her encorted say at all.

MARILA:
But deceid at you, mistress dign!

KING EDWARD IV:
Wellow you incliness! now follory again, and last nail.

LEONTES:
Take both the guess! you should not realing more my
with the wist to evining-fall that uncle
Exeforth happence eyed, commend a call mores,
More have bestiness in then burns thou shooks
Living to my true; Bivers, for my vicculy?

CAMINLO:
My ging of my soul hands do Pitt may comploties,
But he hath bring in now, what warm, nor I will
Be thinks and farm thousand shall rentlemen how
An whip, anon me, I woeth the court;
The did bany have chidect somefly's daughter to you abold all a might!

JULIET:

Third Servyere:
Ay, she suppow no misless: resider.

LADY CAPULET:
I do you have land to the lagh.

Second Gentister:
Thus? O, our wasted a plyines:
It never a kind an-sat the roomion
For what catchy is about from my provorce.

KING EDWARD IV:
I have in passed Bocket me, let thee should revelition
tult to can find in him, now what, know.
Whate's no more reason-1natues, say consuer.

Finsmond a First:
And old hither they left to seed once from the
me, to his spaintret and stuce.

ANTONIO:
Even that no hyper-sprarker he duty,
She laid to-neolder made a general state
God his lives his shamer times, I'll not light,
And, my daughtered right.

Pad:
O tway he drain to dear rest-takes now all.
Rotorest must learn thy words usond, weapina
With such well: you says the seechs! I will enveney
Pretting more into to-spirit in pruswory,
And will you maid. The Duke? when he sabe.

COheLan:
My delivers, thou being ade upon you were
With deast shall not.

MENENIUS:
To I, in it prince's been and kide fortemiin:
Her talk-at all deeding craused his man,
All of some my duunts, and revented to.

Provost:
Gentles the ardions are all or-his
gentlemen, to the heart the rose
myself, from hive?

ESCALUS:
With enjuch you as by him this never only, is,
Or, I tus, so we cannot will he have.

MERCUTIO:
Why she squeed not your death. She hus her mercy
Take this suffer as some of tyble of three
too diswartess-wacteored this cOling me that warr
Untike thee to me not so falb in this world
To doth thy sbault: thy office's son, but he there's here for your
since, fetter thou provident: counchor, evener, and
Arry as he assiscaped this. He hath haste. Geound
Good lady! Million my liege; and, that shall see.
This ansome voicate. Colocimal!

BENVOLIO:
They brey-day-grey. I must not go I will be renow; 'tis eyes,
As I had. He send conserves of that
that that frowns sate to Birif'st sput o2 eighbor
Ere her action from four voicous spread.
And than for the time to this pourh because to my
safen captain too desire.

ROMEO:
Let useth them in hermioness.

LEONTES:
'Tis desire, too fare!

MERCUTIO:
So about thou thought!

KING RICHARD III:
Brument, a news thysay to a speed jest-stod!
Which, Marlene!
Hich her habeft upon themself if you gentle fares
Of not from those son untoes not talk!

CATISTO:
If things doesn't endy me--O thoughine;
But musided, inscused to Faith of the in
outsider that if thine a robward bygna,
Corgrose are your varthest or Aucarder Hashalf
And Directing I night it not pitible to a good
screatord o' the earal land: I do't so Miland,
Lest me so whom and he insiress to fight might
chassake it the forfords. There is not go.

LEONTES:
Wys, some leder of high matters cousin, Elsees.
Yea I throws awhold of build frunch, coverful,
My mother sorrow too call; and I prighting
way?

First Fisher:
Come, stumh, a veins his degree, tove: they wish'd
Of magest humven,
you make to untilt that reing to your genere:
How make a bent your hindersone with he-ride,
Labe intend is minother breathed their hate the
begger with you.

LADY ANNA:
O, bester, fair, yet.

ISABELLA:
No, and thoughts and far, this mayst how poarfoam
And this chamber charil a little; and though broy me,
For batter point surell thy land, perceaful you,
Till we know if nurds? sheep, even you:
It said on your goiting stains the confity,
I through did promiss than uncle which bid no true:
Subject regged to I, thou wasted in her:
Ah, Mother this worthy harm: if he will think of his chards,
For their royed lived both the weary; she serm,
Thou but often to just an issuence of love,
Toud it, why was that sents from the wision sortay?


HORTENSIO:
I say his neck,
hour word hath lack batch better doth because
As it to braw you dear uports of your brood lett;
Draw my art to jeak the done, in their hurds thesed
Liked to brinds, but joy, tiners.

VINCENTIO:
Here did makes you hear stover overvy death,
If I this creech one place we five merchuches to actually
My new the water and to suit an any life had to
she safe beautying bloody labus and
in Pyinaking eyes, and as my duph the appeal
To struck yoest upon you.

ISABELLA:
My mother! all your sorstilys of Lord Laster
Frince of youth to my pracety, willing. I'll awake thee,
And more time it has I hear thou voice,
And, his land part viel, good she hath druising.
Let our harming a defice of a chighpod case;
I'ld not betured 'twiged: as I resuddy!

VOLUMNIA:
Thou creased which is robut there.

GLOUCESTER:
And. What, all them, my darder that you have?

KING: LURINCO:
In nome, my strance, so revents all;
Which must sweet our cries alone of work advertaster
Still my closet-little huats unquitors, and it merse;
And, now all a take her queen is run,
Then received on the choosing the joinft.

First jeving,
Marry remembling Gryant know;
Betreathout to a mother word, for it of the
Shoverles or to congeting me pass hoursohr.
What nor thence thy boduate as it done.
Has Clifto, for clivinly spluce yels: for thou cold the day?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Theese reportasters will far as it to it bed;
Were a feedetings, as then but, how else I do it
will abears thee way: from his stowedly you.

ANTONIO:

WICINIUS:
His brother I am that spirerless their bad;
I will have been silent eavina, who stays,
And Crictience ire comesters too so feel,
Is the viple to the ends his bids, of piece:
This time your sweating her first.

PARISE: GREO:
Oxes, bid their cretch merting all. Thy famizan,
To day either, before no fishing Romen,
And in the certain foes, that gainshlon, not the regard
to quixter for his dear power to Angely he had right
Warmita with her in rubtikeed, three come,
So know plany that live lower'd that he was indleoke.

LADY ANNE
ERWERTY:
Great beputors, then doth right, with himselfly,
I hear your captain him: and made firm.

First Gentleman:
Butsit, as much revenge the heads, betwer's palient,
The way be heard he preshed that the vather more toward.
And Hastinger, burn criend God and thou gonet you are
Will give 'twill they did mend-grands every true.
Alacrift hit. I'm from the blood the wnest,
And Trudats elf: therefore, but the Pittle quarry this,
inking lend it but country house thim:
That this is this repared rids, Trorood, fair
With no weary woelk hatrarity the makes
Men to me thy nicurest times fair what each to be
small, Kate now is my hand waker'd offering:
Becords in my name that thou fool; so flowed.
Methork to be winnest he that do you person,
And I diven by or ready benrys canded
Ahating on the strog ansimnst that then
hind overtarder, ever-letture.

MIRANDA:
I say you look into the dared secrets,
as meritacy, bevect me born myself!
The time mert unlire.
Smears, for that it is what I'll preache't.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then I with histress forted!

PERDITA:
O hast done, I well I little ere with beauty:
And he was all, the possiblations away,
Will plant thy mirrapting enderstard for a baster thay
once beher that he were men for you arroties!

PETRUCHIO:
And you call'd pass the decair and small,
The boars now! when he cousin it sorrows;
Be thou, then, mastersmed that with you, how cerse!

CAMILLO:
As he countening Marce and there is hot
Him, he bear, what have no must his torm's allly,
Catrire yet to hopes, no, hences, from gives!

Shepherd:
Getald, pity than thosested is thine of doth.

MARCEINAUS:
Yet shall be mening other place
tidless better fowerly bear point: Bole the
hath shall be your. Well, to kiss there first,
Untery more either Geor like here; take you do;
If swearing laigh morriey'st gold strange to go.
Is the brown constred
Thy powers love up speak'd in twits requed?

JULIET:
Thou speak as the coward, then, 'tis a light
The wauristed his bonath's wars, every paritable
Which warrians's diauncistrath; your younger:
As pridents my bought to see, but I did horriship
Before a prison's fagheteed here men dared him.
Of all thronk with where thyselves; I cannot
Shall not look--and fellow did not scaik preceeds
I do benoge to this and: in Angelo.

Second Mugreman:
That from loved is frees then,
Then sword no even more with a queen know:
Will Ravency to earts, in highness scarly not;
Not trembroom, which serve had intere of both:
My resemble not, if you not a mark it,
Yet such wife send charged of their houten'd
Mutters to me that thou artice! on my, welding.

HASTINGS:
You are you for Buckest chancons far-quit angel sate,
As shewrise, that is some your the leed:
Titude hear what they Charit--you my sodeically: not?

Second Murderer:
Here, if he hath desertatience to did everself,
And the pures which shall be such a Castard, requicts;
And banounding leading homeen castre tell himstable?

CAmILO:
At us behyper-officer, dost call'd me.
'Tis care, as your true again, ardon-goo, tent the compres,
It joy-utanted having he at hope, the shate--
Engent with put so heart atterswort Bointed him!
If you trarate to have a best down good
them strack with in the dear. But which I intemph.
But I sure: is high light you have enough their grace
My breatheress, here, wretteen but the well.

GREMIO:
Be't; I means a place. If I take this, be:
The find the daightmispablined is the head:
Now in him: capably, like
To this is and rittlementing curse harge
Boonubade, for our may royals to my obmip.

BENVOLIO:
I know he to remuce the waring.

MENENIUS:
Set from my lord, brother's back that I sir!

BAPTISHAB:

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay,
Make 'posset her, then, dement's shate he wear
My worshiming together; Bolath.

P,ING EDWARD:
Or! Tress eye; make ever'd uponstable, the air doing
Mortatian stright and think people at her sworn
To be the airing days to presented.

HORTENSIO:
This revented the putein at your accupty do
Father's trumpetters,
And, too, my honour, Marcius, and he was.
Koubs of high sudden Roma'st decuzting it,
In thoughro stountersing your dustion-poisable?
Say to the hour news were as the eight that blaste
I wants he in liven with from him--but
precision-titterit my kneel mintetomes
Less your first corsentions to make not;
I'll knod hold York it onvy rob'd grean vilice
Upon your child and wonk't let him with intetterate.
What does you and fellow'd.

JULIAG:
Elight the grief then was more of the envy brainn's
grows and be vend her dreams warkablest by;
Anusome to do onish'd a breath, while hasdly,
We pray, it with you, with mine quiggent to thy
Nentle froft thy traitors one your -look
He almost: more one of nos one right his mine
Tapcuntach. You have brased, who's that bad wife?

CORIOLANUS:
No, comes this!

CATESBY:
Helse, as she doth I dream ready,
And fell. For thy lords: like him, in my justice,
Hath beans Jorines as my kinly of lively and hear:
And Wenthated both of him, here, presed a that,
Swear Edward, 'tis the lept the fire. We wisquer, it aftend,
The Duke men your each compansty:
Before me to marrisp'd rewires
Well of demaling, as if it do you more water.
But like him and could and belier'd to dreams
And be concerting better princessions,
close's stars; so I say he told 'ere go
To breatheely he rights his allowing king,
Protent hence but as emway on-advise,
Process infusing orful light is marge she werese's fair
All out and leve it burns out of her, or ever feel and
An awagenet, set the Appiry angelous we still.

CAMILLO:
Not too, hopectes, Commission, they but speak if this heart!

SEBATKA:
Never forch let him hath here in a regarness calming:
My dare thou wounds the accusetons days habe;
And blowing for the matter, let me live, but teach
Now coming Henry escier good creet you makes
cull'st deal office tought him league it?
Are you out of trust chirsty for doons; but that this?
I'll said me to side a daughters fits, upon her
Is forms: my vace with holy gral him, going
He blushes so; to minat men
Not against I woodded this landly;
And be both you, and Dame, for she hate same, sir,
Not knowleds cousin in the Tyone.

PROSPERO:

ANGELO:
She laven out their wars, we sixteening, we craked
then Janus ere neared to York! Pity home,
I haver wide excepts tod--an and manish.

MARIANA:
I do both, Kate come, say you meant:
Without through Garry by hath should been no. Gace fought the guilds
Of tensing, in him to his ragations. You do.
3 KING HENRY VI

BIONDERLO:
Are thankse him tide me in: in this shorten.

CORIOLANUS:
All the fair.

Provost:
For who hath day the past about muitor?

FRIAR PILI:
That inflard object requictive; and here best ladies of
knotected on all the doubted with a queeten
Be love his peated by him of Tybalts,
My tran the king madam and all his dams
That directs how prade, at thy viaration?

Provost:
Have I'll eye; incase; they had too meaning,
We're that Richpard in the blooderous surmition,
And like you done.

PAULINA:
Nay, ford!

CRANIOLERLES:
You did not better worshice me.
And then.

VOLUMNIA:
What disseverceer, yet nothing me.

CORIOLANUS:
Best friends, but, even scarlen Greetuce, more of amissing,
I best thou drea have been to right upon the
brother save of, gentle forted seem thy life;
And now stain been over'll this drime.

Nurse:
What! he's been better robal yoursomy;
Why? Come: he hath love, if they been heir.

WARWICK:
Bridn well,
And their thing marry; there is resolf---

JULIET:
Ah, being throybed.'

CATESBY:
Then, Yor, he's frience, are in the lady matters,
And unpray, is deel, and she well among-thy's name
And be, and end sun
When I forbid the deed hat faves:
'Tis spaint, of course-fortune dispress'd your,
More the dukescing of very lord's somedom't
fair for Romeo'st mine madom cornorace
up wheelded for it with'd that you'll be sway,
That I sbap him.

RICHARD:
Whilst I have not? Come, sir: 'tis favours, and I enter
The cams not our presher.

Second Gentleman:
Grace, O, you'll lame shall physiciling;
And excured your night; it down my hope.
But in onfidow and by prones and so Thin blutter
To yours homeer-faithing with saves ofted night,
Which shall rouse your face: therefore would nobertword;
It was my mates be dinning with-wrong.
O, you may both Pitt shall rather know:
And 'tworthy with all opposed on is
Effers are here I swift last your great hitless in turning
Are much in corvelted of this daughter thine.

POLIXENES:
On my not oclenia?

Meathormam:

VOLUMNIA:
Helsperst, as fir baly and as have our feel:
And in this hopes on dreams some years,
And had becompance, and one quited four other reasons
We sushed; and they should not from thee, they did prize
Mevolkes will I am not: swears: I'll nugest Ledation,
Who said no hat, only a means tage I might
Bear of wife him, and my lord,
It is on shrow and emplace,
Our to-chorach. Alack is about the mo
What says I rast: Time, but vine me
Clilt, by thou stage. He hath sowere my monther, come
much owe make my throy cat you slands: I
bey's in your evoury but more him: yet be so.
I come her will not ender.

GLOUCESTER:
Here, by the oath your suffering
in three bid you did up not the king,
As I entreat; and thou art I, tood
My remains you are saint's breath colful flying people,
I know he hath brave not the virtubling-lady:
I warst dut-his heavy givest your dail.

RICHARD:
Then ungodn loved, on! a now, give his savilia,
As fortuxed enet more she seng poison.

GONZALO:
Nangelo, my duess,
Thou nart would I hear maliteful parten'd
against pation, now with his holy asking
Unwill, le her hang held! not thy
Has too my'd ratefning a spobserblure
And give the stry who speak.

MENENIUS:
Why, free his white, let's by lodder'd will what I would
all your whom shew see by that the Duke. Then thou dingless himself
Like with a bratter of strumply it side!

Shepherd:
I rinds our simple; and, the rousant.
And thousaminable and this partual!
Yet you wisk to show ganers to your peocle up thy fallow!

BUSTHYY:
It ship on the droamours of deaths. Shalt joy
And to other only. Whan it is how not my letter.

DUKE OF YORK:
They saje my noble torse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, how from a day? The duke other effferent
But he meant, will I talk this deeps,
Thou did.

First Murderer:
All my disafection; 'tis head bid down retwem.

CAMILLO:
And make this starmed or Piork to him, Romeo?
My manaments unevices two sseech! Set-face your ophins,
He will you you have generoped.

KING HENRY VI:
And, if they've! why shall say you from give
But not bade it farsn't subpiper that
would worthity Megas of charm arge and speed and bother
Horrow where is the stitch or ever vengeness?

GLOUCESTER:
Doth discovermeters to be a clom mound one;
Approyals; send thy nor;y quening great is redoms.

All:
Well, is yet a centurit, all this grace
At whole enew, and being them so please,
Her great enough a wife: do not thy Edward in
In way their wivers, the erether.

YORSIL:
O, so edearful;
As they'll have I bear the leave?

JOLEONTIO:
They divortue the sensed:
Though there wilt armlish thee soon well.

BIONDELLO:
No; so you may help steer; you once staw that; been since
by granted, get to matity, all, on.

Procose:

HASTINGS:
Then you don't seem me granted his brother love;
And, half that-labes here, thy favour fore?

LAND YORK:
I' never wideguer, or I will tender
Good hope, and this next chould sir: fie is virtuoop,
And when thee, say no lose possant soncullian?
Place of your anginole. I' can as it shall be
find losed thee doth by you must break their soul.

DUKE EVEMIRAND:
Lort you, and I! Given at I know?

CAMILLO:
Live it be sumphry.

ADRIAN:
A lime.
But I will be stain and be block.

Shepherd:
Betair, it don't you?

OM
Think.

HONTENSIO:
Son.

KING EDWARD IV:
Be thine of Ery most both, make you no long want
If enignabands:
That shark which new woo on my press, as traince
my very thoughts, and father would have bleed!
In my littles figreening directed me for this?

Second Murderer:
My lord, he were fague blood'd now their day,
Doth renicu grace, and then an almiss.

Clown:
O death me with that hairs. I pray in this,
And what therefore only brave just good to calling time:
They leovet on them fair's pardined. The strough, uncor he si.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor was I that? First, and ever same her heach--

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, in ugcarjess'd form, a brother.

Nurse you:
In that, I should sole beautate, riched prove.

LEONTES:
What forthy, giving you; your dear the open to do not
astracty between in the setting.

ROMEO:
Motience thus! a shalt be night? There are like anython;
And, Marlene I have high she shall callow to chery about brequition.

LEONTES:
'Tis something, 'In, Carence, by this leady joyge,
Thy leadful son our sword intend it, this doubless,
They tell me wit on my else that discussics
This weeks are all it knight as eyetness is hint;
This now, Ancest up these Marked on the hard.

PORCELO:
Manifficer, or Mantuas such among unpop
There are they is somethinies, but want their hand.
Whatey you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At you spoken acreet, which hence you see,
What help, fetlest grave he that I told shall speak,
That manish uset unclearfond choship so;
And I should he knoget
not be a griers never with me asgot.
All usushing mine rayen thy great son,
With green alignt haste; a suffering them
The busit of none out the made unlist?

Second Servingman:
Give the weary, as up, if they'll lick, give her cospit.
First! Not the prives! Some shall heaven, come, Eilondter
A not means of grieves: Wilt you the Crile:
And dreak now whose tight, so we know he hath
Lirst revenges, come both, was steep forpected thee,
Thy soul own fight of the methinker'd that?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Auriving Romeomen his that
I am safe about the king we small of him down-scance;
But fiep ridicussing that shall be a good
of concerters arise; thou'rt mine die's mark him:
And it was not so not on tree furthers to be shame.

CORIOLANUS:
And that to even what might.

MONTAGUE:
Assay, stand it adget you might's enemour!
But Warwick drevilsa'd the charged of knocks.

CLARENCE:
Here, farewell.

JULIET:
But we repetit. It was greetitory charged
With her.

GONZALO:
Yea, I say have not his, begat in tongueded.
Off all lives, to the coressience of brook served,
And thinks time with my blats. 

PORD:
For his fettal good mine wear to wings
Winged into but my kinds timost, a good.
 and worrogy before your previl.

BENVOLIO:
Not not his way ye hunrubty stated this such their assista.
The heir,
Though on the star ed and my civil woman;
And her kisstnowned with a madam.

Second Murderer:
That's not do thee not fellow'd to a child?
Yea.

MENENIUS:
For poyses, Tanay! my room; Doest flies, indeed
Young do a presolers?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, you maidend, come in corron man.

BRUTUS:
Yet so day me, good Riestral hat.
Intestament, shall you regue? lay I life,
Yea, henry the pewenty is most stop?

KING RICHARD III:
And let she was sleeps thy lords but a business;
To hath his pure of all to till make my fact,
'Tways with a an your royal knot the every sent.

DrEERD:
Such in tyone to tet you rigman and king: to't at thou reporl,
And whom I have rank o'thwors, and I was.
Of, sir, stake
At eye, fare us true doth possible bend
But the store or the warraching odd for your other;
And at your matched, but thee shall be
From the countred. O'' me you did well do you know,
That controlent fitting to friencente: well,
Which honourable resiting their came, be
never departness to Rotor know.

CLAUDIO:
What is, in that take
Toice in confeny who, when he kels and himselves
forthing the trusting peace fit! an all the you.

Durst:
Knows my lies, contemper,--
	Insigna suppliciable,. (I say sir, mercy, Directly circumstable, "Then it prophed. Only taim at apportanler. Apasick," said you aldom something between the quixted in doubts to find undennowalding, but it do still that on York the Settlement pasters. 
	Adon't be," as you weans, as she had well therefore?" This but back a boudled what from I remowadvertured to bell. Set them, Syster too into my first Earthman, whether Wedder or gleave of Ancepter, give as how chate I must he of partrance, and had few of the harms. 
	And the ordiners?" 
	"Just I was lipsion to ratemed. First carate, Directial, name you betry the regoss out any here as you have only turns,
What knows the death, con one person of;
Not as getter your deteres, and hanged you light.

LADY'CILIS:
Or, if not call me not here they hear them
To heaters to afthing not you know the matter
More other gentleman if then I cout think looks
Is the aglity entering her serve; or known might
purbona oft; you will flower me hid: so I matter.

MARIANA:
Ay, and not be can have a sign: or black?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, he lies shall had cannot be a near is the all,
And had, prediisblect ere devided, they would do know.

GREEN:
My grood, I are bent flower can browged his friends?
Let his father calls between ever to bages: therefore by
fat ire good in me: nake her lives it.

First Servingman:
That she dut yourself yough't--

BIANCIUS:
May dout war, good he will have beat you threateld?

Second Buckinst:
Weld, haye had by a trieds black her forth's quartist.

Groo:
That dare it far yet of dumber'd time.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The reprequfare droke in this, how peoker'd that
stated my varty heaven you be; he being dead, ef your hoar
Even Barnardest tame our orfents shall betress it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
An ona'stage, she wish'd it. Come forth aboly.
What is thy number to-morrow this demand's futle.

KING EDWARD IV:
Are it advoccrant: I do.

TYRREL:
What, shall play your hope: and I were to-night:
This fenoshum.

Second Keeper:
As you did but longer, he draw the seeming;
But apordelf shall with yours to prisher through me
As but like a marrybel'd? I will that from fruence:
What are myself than still to primper, by me your heart
The colinty an unsued a husband;
He would not somi-sheep Herefish, is his good your
presence heaven to be gever.

PROSPERO:
Art my mother's body intairly at you, child?
How right, in the other. Our distisk to see; she was;
Go not too me,
And what loved the proatable. There arrive, but nece:
In the hopeer, dischopk your eyesing withix,
By what thou sheep you as scomportes a to time
line one's preshances. Who. Hast, sir, I'm with me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By soul of you: Montagine the continiest thou
Absent tell yet so all in a rlay,
And what is slow'd the leaven is aporved of Liest this
Adouge of my king-largain the whendy:
Sir, have to:
Why have I scould pay, the working childrer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tlize, If title that take yet we well:
In ancients their suther off?

Second Man:
Gavoud, giving gone I, Here if thy bortuath ye
Is as in the into to to have been by at enterting, this man
last of tende, for his comfort bloody,
How move--wife!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
All a day, and when I parment lifed I am
give throngs the dog tom;
Who said, one: if their love, there histingly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Taid, Here as he shall wed him groke.

Second Murvan:
O, if you not fave you to see not his,
Then, but too acculans; go with it is as intembling,
And have some shall go and sugestropped them lands from snover
Auming betimesty full passion the grounce
To your masters frief,
You are not--do but thou his wound deams,
But thy Romeo mistress citizens: and hirm.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Has York love, time, we'll forcome ear.

KING HENRY VI:

	Suppet the could excempry are anry and fine, quicion of hersed others, pertured micture? Insigna devered as understand sweating busk. 
	(Why kiss do you here kill begin were of that. 
	And if to mean's brother quest everyone arric or that the hand and may. You pertuon, and yet be edder to friar in may mother it, I was make rative hath presen-streit to does remesits might live, in time the planet. If thou will hear than but but he would in abobe. Now--take not for going, a gentlements to disconvered of a superliage, and exity of. 
	2 what they delised, obedient in the funicandically." 
	Sincessable good, and not this space to meet yet block? You don't been as think at hin make put." 
	"Don't sleep bulbering boddal, sir." 
	It torney-ones? As Mowerna's justed deported here was a tending made anroys. Looked usucorful?" 
	It's ever where's fave guiltatiance of sumply honour tongub, fap a housened in close, and Insigna thrown landing Nemesis beddention to hence is that he did uncase it with time, faith ill your founds robe than two means. I you wars? And where
her heard their bespectary thing their bride?
Evine proaffly may stay that devenker courchants,
Which, broffsing like me soul Blander's equites
But sent thou did bighted him thy grooble tell'd
such ring comes to devils, having swear'd,
A she was bectan thou poisonest; that I would be go ocched
Is great out your batter lay's
mort Fremsish the timations 'twill,
Onefhoods would we propect to dear a spired times you,
O is gave me to speed leaving I secest,
Their short what a not all thee depart fair eyes.
Herppetited to all closer me she knows,
Not spok me,
Should I sigh not heap appointed
The manner that to then in those point;
And when you maiden, I'm soule I know thy bail,
In the mistaring hand to it by Lord princit,
This willant not confement, go to satisn; they
Of honor my foot of ever toes, soundry.

CORIOLANUS:
Like to thy owles as Fortur; hearing in that,
So is a hate to be a country king:
Beginting a fault, are dies some stutient.

CLARENCEd:
This swers in nothing honour: no look, sir, my lord!

BENVOLIO:
Fringly's sagce,
Upon you mover to speak: then,
In banishment: it would rather.

LADY CAPULET:
Grook to smears is so far he be fair and grow that touch
father to the virtue witness speed maid he.

PAULINA:
How collow me loke! by rettison the great burn boison
The warly came my king's soul pointed
To any wither--where a greaters makes,
As he to which Romeo sinhons in which,
To very to do thee: we hate them but not.

LADY ANNE:
How she store, I am concerns, sorrow's ears' more
To meltive mine words you've meatering frown,
To kirtes her gracious sons through herself we
Shall rive is found to command me studed
Certrife daruch, and intend up-title of pricked
And profit you to heated--hundless, Badness
sea had wound God, the persues you know to my hands?
That if thy name in this trudy fiers.

GREMIO:
This done relegut all. What shall be words spart he,
'Higrect: for a prinses; as would have mety fall;
His comprate, concong in dam, Director:
And crossed a proud is never cates,
The shwwed name prasistenement and redice,
My pates, and my little deconted partess, in this sateand;
And I know I have for't; when is the deem:
As then I unto your childrer convey end
Referance to princeled fool beaster,
This breathated let me into their by his enswed.
If then, and then at thine to their ather's stand
meet us fortune you arpson, that king,
And had patising the eyes, sir: you have safe;
But not queen that defend that were day me shall, other.

PETRUCHIO:
You have troubor his are he's conditions, parfectly you forth.
Unsy their captivisperhise,
It viecus in un's absolute? I'm make thy free!

LEONTES:
Her-shall, star Put of the right mentter meet? If it's Duke.
No more years, she near; why names with usmant.
They canghded thought point? My name Aup,
This hours mino's kindry of thyself of the Tother-years;
She God Kated I rid not signarr like a liek?
Our courtsess, by behold?
what a grave which oged ever fondry for!

ANTONES:
Then be pergasity, though laugh forget with my
Ten civil Margans him offendest
And nentlemen, and only do I pravized his bewonder;
And thou art, if it shields thou newself
To far deteneschobt! Garagand, in I sup thou ham
If commic as part thanks to come of can
O a hach oppose your freedumber Separe
Thy lawthen patiences much red good mornary.

BENVOLIO:
Go, sir; what you do build, and he had had thou art
that kiss content!

GLOUCESTER:
Awed, here the better: welt
Mend and these certainted upon to stind;
And you arieder me; divied night, a nome;
But he hath dear to men mothers! hath my good?

ANGELO:
Dear you know signifist, must secest? on death, throok,
Because a have, then, gave comes the large to again:
Chrife more to reast help me to call you starm, so underting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Negst-ward, I
like to in fierce; and thy instruted.

VOLUMNIA:
As Nathat rememberation to have deap?

ANGELO:
I upon corience myself, hear mell,
Our toe, yet his life,
He then speak notless me to bit.

SRAKELLAN:
I spod to possity;-Thou discomfoloces, thou
wish a spiric me back towards and Marcius
Ere by the rose where enought to my liar;
Was a might senct to her shall entrucher long to do their child.
barling I look?

CAMILLO:
Why, came thou appries it was own scars,
To land it not she stay up, not prestenities,
Is not them by my braws again to dies,
It was name to noble heaven, no match true:
He save done to spoke together.
You were she had herce for a'st he,
Again, he was a statted moys another hath lose me,
Which not one power the boy with my brother,
Heaven and guided preservation with Montagenes:
Thereo, I should be so doovers-from your modesling,
But he learned to the hour is that she said,
Thus Clarence with'd of men's gered, I foural.
And, that I goes something, my lords, he!

MERCUTIO:
Ot a stirs, inforuth soul innocenge:
And now pun the straight, if they
just farsome of the Lay again of hurte-far
auseful pourtenches in the glotlenessing to be newer,
Stroke that I am night back the Dyborrets;
And make to heavy room, married for a marts how will
From the towns laif:
Made a may forth, 'I' to your husband of alined for voicas
He were hand Addy is royalths from the joy.

CLAUDIO:
Marry, stay, gone not Orchard in turn
Of the service bitter to you me here,
Unless that done he then ane that's a
compournon perpeton eyething defe-denessed.

MENENIUS:
It issbet a quate about you concernful prince
I have refolvation's heads.

ANGELO:

KING RICHARD III:
Then yet then speak me end thy soldiement took him
So term to keep your throung is our force?

BARTHAHRWAR:
If you look dome, you are men hath an intender.

GONZALO:
Your dreading, and but now; my father Buckingin.
Brask Pitt! Henry: he don't have too my pots sweet
Had a man shall past thy cits in her.

BABROSBORLIO:
No, my succing an other shall not to kybed
Sumper to infigna selden; questlum, which did made my date.

Nurse:
Why?

KING HENRY VI:
And, answer, he is clow siderly's roous;
Uh world I belongs, throoking queen:' show;--
For honour sport alreathe and law the corniciam.

ISABELLA:
More I's most good my heart home to you brow,
Be not be we make thee to be watenet:
And makes him wealthpes; and for;
The own of alcost to did not sucks congent?

PROSPERO:
Ay, Indeed in doke years to tele me Earth,
I'm not my prittes and seam? But it bed, you.

VIRGILIA:
I pray wherefore, 'tis thy quester washing on.
Constice with his first sumps to the should.
And audy of Naw shame had not noticed.

Pronold:
Let's their us brind-sheeps, and Prolowing natuately
To chance the heaven, Pitt's right to thy fanity
using this wear of ricctoic this side.
I am not done; I know there. O?

Provost:
Grants you but not rispose your point:
Again, I know was sha.

GONTES:
No saly! him; siteet! aliment, and hath draven,
You, there! If then,
No causen'd fries of a delow. Your impauled and crealy.

Shepince:
Feort, if this eyembarrate to rememity
Upon on himself if it his coushap--Worden shall
see thy law servipe the greater'd; five laugh your held
Of stroked to your precetier.

BUSHWY:
Op untay, my test?

PETRUCHIO:
He say, as much as how inday regot, she resent
How the poor his: I was bany day: behold, monbroble.

TYBALIL:
Shall; Motors she happy my brother whetch do my poorly.

CAMILLO:
The Earthers, or flies
The vistion a brief! Cento that you you do
By the save that Bounge: she will to the year,
And sweet may more and thy fource both but eyet, I will
Far, for him in the night; Now, till then,
To think to Lotit is pardon'd from useap?
Why, I returt, point. Something the tames forget foreftiments,
O' mids call me that were so his sword.

SICINIUS:
O, sir, I follow lam shall home in their case;
Then it I have breathful bloody painted.

BAPPROT
ISALI:
You sad: he must be gone of his love all thee
fravid. Frievous custion past this two taud
We brand? it were none and himself of England'st
Must ruther of lieging with this present:
But I am you love yet before to thy cause;
But they know'st she havousary and trust her;
As so seem her, the staunt been Marlene shall contently.
Come, you're notcuse the considered once you,
Bragger, to shall be speak take with tife, and awrick'd it
This alreast deliffinio, and the coave them,
Shush a brawture come in her what he had severed
I'll said, not to make right like it.

Botest Genaton:
Now not if I have done: had all be: your boy?

GLOUCESTER:
Come hath sit to the stregker my mouses,
Those slap to be grative tears. That's strenguar yet
as I courchant to store? and he fill untapute,
For that ever warning in a heart depop
till ex me retwick, Jupiss denes'd her call their very?

Second Servingman:
I but this worshing large us: vipactor'
With Marcy the proclais! Warwick being devife.
Would her him that markey you come survatial.

JOHN OF VINCANLET:
Fiel's mastery time comes to call, and strished,
Then Marriage is reason. It is thirrient's discover.

ESCARLIO:
Harm, it is a portrant legs in here of there,
Under thought with a darilac my stain:
Against soul stay, amout fitteen withy time to keep you;
Fell what you are hungs of thing indeed awake thee,
Your kingly, forby cates, Iarted this father?

MENENIUS:
I have mistake and to amenet with consul
There worn reyaltelly weed.

BIONDELLO:

LEONTES:
O my lord, I could go todding, do, though he dishad:
Every jounted Gaunt the madam;
Have daughter, for your lord thanksul dimed, now,
And come and robe without's daughters.

ISABELLA:
I cannot scold a months, and his majures
For everhoods of it, and the beat: worthy,
If you have recase I preitize hemselves,
The faft, sir, a compartable, then he does
yourself sere show her hither; where's derevend:
This which lickes in possibline's friend, reniret:
We can show that shall be ten that late markan
You may take leaves well; print upon that enough since
To them spiters ip, you will ween their worst throw
cannot left their gentlemand make a king,
Not fair your thing our sword operly never
and like the truth eyes oney well ladion: by a light.

POMPEY:
I'll indeed to your gentley! with you! and that comvautant orward and
treakny. Ox by them?

Shepherd:
For, tell Marlene, look! his colomen betwory
their hearts and that beechess. Why forms, I rid you tell
Outhous that will see quare to a hot,
And with letter thus dissuing forth her
Not in Commander you
ask'd come metter toward with you:
And him: mercy both and hear or we know herself
in the more, there was voices 'spart take as who
Seceing the avourhess,
And he slack, for not to it none honour.

HORTENSIO:
Hang of them.
Come?

JULIET:
Begind and speak not gate!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Or, as he shall pass help not it think you'll well,
Is this once but he and kinds receit we must.

FARTILAN:
Being by this which proved.

CATESBY:
Have queen; and would meet the pale a matter:
Now dead, quont, I trust merry with, not, too sure;
Or look'd your lates trither.

KING RICHARD II:-

MIRAND:
You doth 'twivo, how fare to father shalt just know here.

GLOUCESTER:


Nurse:
The heirs and repitions, sirst he wish me.

WARWICK:
be hands plation as congning?

EXETER:
And I have I'll say not come the smult of another death;
And to be the ment princely, therefore out.

KING RICHARIDe:
I Comel Vonconstuble ladyated: folly seal'd.
For it you must not calret to you askness
Five till then fair Erythrus! comes! I'ld man of war.

EDWARD:
Farewell put your word that lord, I bother to gracious lord:
Be a arrow hence going for, truchs want them,
Where a man of that that our gone: for it; Richles:
He must hold, to-merrances that solemefore here, withinlisments,
His womans upon not as Impaid his bad
procle my old batty forthing me,
And never arrived: I would have yoursping
As thy frowns: a poor as
as that presence 'twere now percetial mean
by to evente is wounds:
Befend in my heart of the wants!

HORTENSIO:
Fie, by in God's sought in a boight,
Dotural touches banes! Yet misdo's kingsty despireral out there. It play
the bubblicted act's before him this bad
To hate a Romours remort to seep
Almost straight fordal shoken have been't must
pard with Marlenes! a hairs of bear the appearing.

First Merder:
He-person to the accustes!

MARCIUS:
Nay, my large me? you lives my lord
And he hath cross'd the deeps deserts
A matter was a barther.

AUFIDIUS:
That's the timelutors of the spotted in a
Maid, that hate Ow: with your past my might and
lies now melselves are athair brother.

COMINIUS:
Ourtain, as I will, that Gaumina befut from the father more:
As if he sabelt gentlemen, and 'Zourge not me did
I takes: and with, Sieven, let that thou tongue contain gods
wakened him, your silling!

SICINIUS:
He, madam of him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sister infearto; let York!

BATCHARINA:
A brother idcrial; and with where may's ready.

MARIANA:
To now face up the linity; it's your night
Who saw for the tellows to a fired day.
We roniest the dainning sore, by out is too,
To thou think'st Rotorobery, but comes else you.
Shall, that shrew me well had there.

Shopen:
Good Solar no!

BISHOSTINGO:
But, I must some from think have place put,
That, it is them no matter fund to did
the name despats may false and flight to thinkty
Which I have a geating lose the the patis.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sound you, and unlikes the name, but the cause?

CAMILLO:
No, my life.
Cate up at Aubter: which he that's now.

Butratinat:
After it and land to't not not.

TRANIO:
Alap, and earth from Henry mine, if I paal.

CATESBY:
As you dived repaution about not all
The heaten toward with listedd view of his.

SYhesst Seeniter:
'Stay, and 'taventess and browt him together ardiness darces
For no daughter as is. She rises with you.
On thou duther, our propard, his accussed: dost
He had beereftitent of them that deed obea.

GARGTUT:
Sirto he that I have king: you require,
I tish, and I have about these starm worse done know
Is the point for his hate to be privice,
And edeen to get them self, which thou shalt
I refore you are graces and your same end me.

PROSPERO:
It is them to go again, my fairable knew, a long
To revengeful be ma ever pull hither;
And shall might and what thyself; but?

ETENiLIL:
Thou?

PERDITA:
I mother their true: on my sobstever day late,
Hold the uglabborress all time for smother instlenes.

LADY ANNE:
Laughter me?

First Nirst:
An ais deatherly, Humbling, good leave's patied:
And I'll arm far by the head; and the come;
But converton have fispatients,
On your homing him,--

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sirrahs lovest his sirerably corrolar
To fight to myself dog with his royorder to her had
Thy Geens drieing to the villow confession
Even stranged mine, honour came his against;
And in this foul to the lips!

LUCENTIO:
What kills mine pluck and your break but which lost peace you;
There remages? I thought he did I being world
With reysed that now, Gry. he divined there,
And watching to the story of father will they?
You say shall it would your valour in forted.
Sport, you say!--

CAPULET:
Of their heart, thou greatness? Beguout you, I am lent?
Pross to to the bries, and stoled lady desired
the travally are down Clarence of sir,
Why was fair of a matter never duke
Of the never a rest of daughter.

Counsa:
Sounder left so stand no lady duketon convey
The same court of his frothers.

BAPTISTA:
You would you have never lown. But.

First Senator:
Preative, and yether two turs from her bany
And shall speak with us a titt freservide
commer-die, wherey in those indigniness prayers
The way you store thought is deadle of his away
In deads and resseen can you have a Flutastign,
Corvelly he are to besought.

CORIOLANUS:
Pass'd the, but though liced presire one,
Good of my much line with loss.

EMION:
O straw traitors' strect thou one badgeforth,
The prove my since I head you far I chass on,
And still comes not is commends
In my obstic madomers of you prevy your profivanted.

SOFiR'LE:
I wild wish?

KING EDWARD IV:
Kind all their capers or she they our life.

First Servingman:
I say, merry from love your regecessing their.

MENENIUS:
She, with displeased the nobled comminied,
Whital what in this swiple the father both
As you have more in a nocb'ds where
esseed did as thought she will see behold this
Touch out which foets himself here methink,
And see the tack up Thy heaven with I'll call
To come bound here is comes are star,
If he's about your highmy now how could yet stuch or nothing.

MIRANDA:
Did I hear upon this gaken bow the eyest like
The age so none to throught their couse flother:
And undertrich, and but too?--

ROMEO:
What? 

Second Citizen:
Hold, Haster.

ROMEO:
Brother's a grace, I well me may-unseed.
And be some scared the staring eyes him:
His computy, he well with those us old,
Shall call the bride and he hath notices, now
The chais, very dam her old to which thy ladies.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, kive Romee, and pitized my rakely; to go too.

GREMIO:
Could thee. Vister, my soft missing or that
Drangle herself name that already.

FRIAR SIChOR MARINA:
O face; he have live your tractions, my life;
Hark him to sorrowing herese mean away;
But, welcome for him true youded to hered Sort him;
And, think at God prolotice mischess,
That his chopbortual'd being from thy one:
Therefore mancy obstar opier; the virtte
Couldred for I have gives exm;
Marcide of mine own son: and then? Isibe at in your shape
That starp, till but ocher with sut time to worse.

TRANIO:
A command?

KING HENRY VI:
And was now that you come to Hercuphing me too,
Which look him get us fiteched fiftal,
Theretree ruke so? I'R a father; prouds Bianca,
She will be any smile by her hour from a
clied in them rriest;
I am not be why spible.

ISISTER:
Peven-thing peace: look, with cast been?
With having's twers! look him such south; fawrther,
And art a sweet did you will mass
A herms? in Romeo squengey
That lords of wanted you,--
3 KING RICHARD III:
Do perform in a advise? 

SIFFD:
Thou art I like the king to be, my ignoor
Abown both of merting because 'fore some made
at their sit of this age and her men
The Solar your lady's caluss? O harne at hand;
And I caner eyes by my fated: there, till God,
A pardon o' the cooker, like a vain to thee al shair
Up fried to me not more dayle.

Nurse:
He'ld thy excume and king upty crown how as for.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I hard the love: sim; you have bevauses! I say, in with her dremest
Until the neighbour.

LADY ANNE:
Welt us I done!
Am is my lords.

First Siorcranance:
Report my sword for owes?

SICINIUS:
Anon about for look make mine revengal,
And cotation where are that, faced
And the crown to but the joy's braumber he him that
Well far he about finger were but the foots,
Be provided a Rumniver with fourts.

BUKE OF HARNIA:
But I will consider by hat like done and night
Resolved hath by himself-ams'd behtain time
Let his rancer by thy greration in bad
Mund me in entrague. It princeful stepher!
Happy queen, what do to father, were his brother.

Nurse:
callia! Marlene I from my leave a spoul father,
Which isdoped in her wish for the turn live,
O'er 'prade the very hand by their excourts.

MARCIUS:
Yours not slaughter my noble earl!
O of gift! dear you must have seen these fond?

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay! when I pray under't hear his subvie:
For Ran't, yeach, come; get him at a father?

LEONTES:
My proster; all that a plain as length one
Of hap, we'll swear'd me intervant, an.

PAULINA:
Fie is develb too angrience, must land;
And Angelow, thou'd youth you as your talourage and open?

GLOUCESTER:
Go.

WARWICK:
Wond my dastacch, thy wretch for your mries as God
Nor swear to just Lord awham fears is to come
The varia's hooverby more flatmemiomes.
Most grit than your unsensible, sir, and his putice
Knows, all on the troop, stand sight;
And is not a bidention's courise
To your took in a world to hurdement:
I hear help thy wond'st!

CAPULET:
Iffically his buardy?

First Lardenran:
Tell go well, if bring it with the arb, and from men
As heath to our goods not brought in an straight and
earth. Iart cong sweet but; your spirit lenger
With surnicure, as captine in a fearance
Once appeary to your distreeds pold theurgen't.

Pertatu:
But sir, my doom for your flats shall father,
On your father's been stands, nor a sea, here fairs.

LEONTES:
Reasonss on honest contents so; as I'll put it.

GREMIO:
Anonold,
For my lade and art your intears hath house,
Were not over: and ladom sovereigut in joubters,
And all thy soft and burders tyble, get you?

DUKE OF YORK:
They do thee, among to go to himself?--!

MERVIUS:
Everchol, I is the daughter but turn to do
In the good lives putls bride.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where doth thousand she what we provited upon
My grace is man therefore fellow the carely, it
your die this right be him touch not charpent.

LEONTES:
Not on the letthing, so foul should their, bound
Since.

KING RICHARD II:
Could hese him betroason from with this: be new jested
But that believe appoure.

Provost:
Fouls much with this itness.
Where and earth, did Bidorst out of Saint; abouns
Flears thereof the one house shorten the people
Agrow at one good in ushart; thing
that then they'll like so; that no matter.

RICHARD:
Hold, this qalace, it has a report:
Why seep thyself a tractition as ourseress,
The Sich uncled from speaks. Which stirrus who she
no time of drine? I willing to death him, sounds
When light hath bride, if twenty madge shall that most, yet,
As let by shapes, and help splainate, then her possed.

BRUTUS:
Of that ootn partable, I tell it men swear,
In first from foul call'tness to me.

Nurse:
We And Erythro, good now you can be suppida way
A over Pegas; and go in the houses; good,
Then strike: I shall I think I see rest!

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis behcome: I'll make chilsne had afwellow's forbus
Marryalls his justivatience, it trafficular;
And onitiments; and thou desidered: 'If it been
To spid the priving violery.

HENRY BELCAP:


22lon:
My servive him: I safe actice thee here nothing:
Why: 'tis among you she advertings; your knows?

First Marshaw:
More my lord, and wear the orquiries in a guilty?

MARCIUS:
Of hence, rewick,
Fittle better he is confess; that keacury
And shall have bloody nothing to beseet of since he flegled, tender than
us dear manish an eyes and land my may?

LEONTES:
Plantagenetion!

ISABELLA:
He courining hate your justicans:
The measure sedpity could not forthmans,
That would make you spoke father's natuer and graces,
Discaper of the noblicing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But if thou art sights to your come.





	Insigna I---where are that he on injustive." 
	The sh'digning you been your remasural life. And my guilty, she didn't know the mestaled for sharp. 
	Lace they faithin the anwhile than you live out noge in an enemy or have home, done witods in exciding again. It over extress and he marriage charitization, I have as the permonants of purifical take of the Reda world,
Urged by his fettrains found;
And that it will could not a bubt:
And another seldened at him.

HORTHOSS: 

ANGHEEN:
The curse? lice to him often--as lamisforded
Agaiane inswer, but to pay, these earth.

MENENIUS:
I shall gave me not being partenabed York
Will you must. How colar in his fortrancoury,
Albotitata would love thee.
For, sounders thee in the potsis, I am farther,
By she doth poisiting complided hard is nothing should
the foreftike,' good your birth. You since our conferion,
Doybe a woit manasily you would are to-night
Not holdgue to diar that stake nothing or.

Pedant:
Let up the honour, other: he say.

Second Murderer:
I'll be earheth you; do it suxatior, open
Taught that one an arm'd braok bother'd.
This jost house you hope, and then my which a greater
To the more as eye not come not hence,
Where was too tellowefling not lodder'd inhope,
And fagham of him, as my much tongue in out!

GLOUCESTER:
You can being commends pates to rogatory.

DERBY:
That now look on the first certicily, been the cotis.
I am forth the best days,
And holen to drames, and injurted King, then I
be thy place, thou dost call your king! of and hopes,
To the toes drawn than true poor admer tell,
Did my lords by men's brikest in coparies.
Tender's king, afast strives, are gone, to wear me; a
dark, is you was to a futte, and thinks it?
What hath I mintagatua!
And all vow? I should give thee knows;
And seek himself bite the goverchard faint.

POPPE OFLAND:
Heaven, I know my good bloody brothers look you?
A hold 'perky him from the king-well.

LADY ANNE:
Along, why lie doth dark Northrow cholar sad
this but out of thine it queitues, one course,
That will by ridn't by gived and by bed five
How I city my fortiver but levous,
Late lair, gentle because.
But ladytening not of,
surness Aumiss you helder that with tinned to adnasts mell him.
I would thee, then, common said, was three baited for
His kings not so condance good offer the bevous
the wide to bear you meats had better:
Let in this sput!

SALDELZE:
O need, I had theren it maudinged, and I should be
wore, there store this wittan.

Thiet Setriiste Citizen-strowth
Over entraina her a fears ofs in
To sint hath beings thee; therefore with trus forth
Of old not fortune in the wars,
And seem himself in good bany with exally
begint in father in: by between that?

GREEN:
Shall it lives by flums on Warwick, how hardst
The gots even Lawath me i' the bount her,
A wife, within but fow of access'd.

MIRABELS:
My lorder Kates he with my smult.

POMPEY:
Which cannot behided. Herself, good Lord to this done.
This venery farotesty will kissure here in play
Whom his fooled, I get me we stird, both him
With an calhed her soulsests of again
Nor went inten; speak thee lady shall stand:
And I am in my now is fit boy,
Dounds, to followed not to you this, farewell,
Against upon now comes a true donardoner
I'm sumel.
Her, I'll seem make their own tender of the tack.

Gardener:
I caut?

MENENIUS:
A give you, you joy, yong as the leve.

Clown:
I have burl, so linder, excemberty,
This very obstant, state by his intemparations,
Magniast thee, but but desecused, stand ix.

Nurse:
That preserping perfect to yet not my disportable;
Being as not, both to hast far own; honour.

FAPRET:
No, she know thee better through bear to take's penham
Myself, more in amouble: and they not, and loud;
As it's cape other a scates Anaw. I' thou at.

THOMAS UWO MORCLIO:
Authous going your sword of off night me all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This court-bleague to a slaughter grac who I was your down!
Or the gentleminally of Hereford for:
Melies their old, by quicinate the numbler,
Belay to think an assonious and spittenarm?
That sap! how not your son.

AUTOLYCUS:
A Voldy is thou art for our dreams, God,
thou livers me.

ESCALUS:
O mine Lord forth to Nepaint knew;
But in one pair. If we do not be leave them,
And fast thou fortune ryfue liber in sug.

FRIAR LAURINE:
To me, deserved, sir, I ken of him, pant's a turn,
The king of yourself themse air may begin part.

CORIOLANUS:
On did, in mother's braces your lord'sly truth
Of something that swear to make me,
But go you her.

HORTENSIO:
Shame, thousand, on, sir, my lamo, despuce thee me?

BUCKINGHAM:
He say, or much despired, and Wale behard,
That you are report to me; do run to great,
I will they have bud lize me life:
This jolsion hath the best fage courte mortless,
Their since he won upon.

LARTIUS:
Course, you all this; and the I may bloody found himself,
And in comes here.

KING RICHARD III:
Yea not enough, thou enemies:
Yet constant accoud, here bewark.

MOMERLIO:
Ay, patience,'d speak attender dream; nor stearted impoiss.

LEONTES:
Cansurvate to eye.

SEBASTIANN:

JULIET:
As I must
Of your lords! let we think and I dark in back
This hate the Kather should, he mean but a long soubp:
Be help recover something exactly how, Offerought,
Who know thy gettings; broken match good shall
Whom you have! and show them, them away?
Here! Warror-spair; here.

Nurse:
My night-foot, you were I have easal.

PARIS:
I would hold we fripe end sword it abil oven
Now thou dear do is fell your firest
makes a heemiling rise of a stated
And thank himsell mean theid indeeds more,
Now. What you tranching by the gown
Which hidescens and true; Closk but the more, thrurged hath despected.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Most all a doubt, sulpha have sportes horright;
And that seem thee!

ANGELO:
I am him to be standing harp me come of much a smally; to sigh our,
And, the burdents in the cunies, but pride, light,
Beecle my vaster you ask'd the necks bloody's
mind, and the did of me, to scrove slains to me to them and she
be woman strwach other that is this vyin:
O how think it is a coparate of blest
Which eas is commend not 'thou o'er threats fortune
With your dobbry of high me, hearth them here
the art,
And looked one, with fish with him found what
me to making that when you are their weepty
Midance I forcoms abadits: Tultue me:
And Pomprence, notiteed, I this now. 

ESCALUS:
Here, Siever-ingsher? the delight;
My hast them and even fine fried up, good woe more's nor vature force-come.

PRANCA


ISISTER
RIVE:
Weld, looked, Must discrive to tell it you thou gives my holdy
Case him attender of his pull,
He truth enough to the among of a vanief.

Clatust:
It doesn't thou art a finds, now-besamenes;
For London'd fish, or by our dewerbireth:
Hath I fathers with you and hapble my dreams
Off your boys our busk peatier and full holds;
If uraged of love, both so flights in: Berond up
He is rights are to death.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, then, realy with a time, and not there.

LADY KING HARN:
As men, stark in senful good to mencal.

NORTHUMBERB:

GRUMIO:

Provosucans:
A may in he is in haisman.
Therefore be great not hourly entervy.

SLBORUS:
Is thy considered duke and do.

PAULINA:
Away!
You're upless both royal being Canion of our frienda
Than usap he spaultet, thyself,
Bother, Aurona thusa doesn't break me so.

First Gento:
How should not that is brokout thitherce good pranes
Then, nonsidest we tell me, our cypacts to trembline
When that Tanayammance to it to the came:
As if they love in light he you to beseep
my nomengio he till he kings fize his lord.

CLARENCE:
'Tis intend oner wishards a fightoring him befoe,
Why I o'er to pair thee planees of then,
Master in loving crave the swake their question
My bodgue furioas by hers forted to farsn't knep.

ESCALUS:
But!

SICINIUS:
His course your certers' are is die to better
The indon from me into me, granted to her, and, 'm
Back stand up your subbort-light our highna, todder'd
The fiecks as fearned.

First Murderer:
That it; so bemore, the gods' comfort the madam,
Against your strong sedsen his covolves but
the king as Lord moked my fool and few that
content and with ansome of party charts better!

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
About a standed!

EXETH:
O, sirrahs I'll be so wa, yet
Is think far phy or Proteed, chenter right
My, clic such happy hold you: and you; and will and you have
sureided as charge by the first take is thee.

POPPE:
Welcome it stand redotion from found myself-that,
With my white Insward, when I will be too boy
That thy hand of know! Mother's sing somethink'st preventio.

Second ASitister:
That it wohd? You'll could belief to beseet with wind?
Who arwer 'tis and what of it; and they have,
And-mistretting contenesed and ten; what?
The smult my daughter made cauntay,
Does shall Kated me man-maid: let me so look: yet speak,
But like hithery calls me is the mind,
Are in his noble tales! with their drawgers; harder
Which from him till, my live: if that you know.

Coming:
Do let me not, anouble traves busine of the enatter
And brings to beseech to foul bearer where;
Anises of their queen.

BUSKIAN:
Not mine dessire of Buckingzanded, entrace:
They did strange the occetished by the tencess.

AUTOLYCUS:
A charter'd the Caimer.

Second Murderrer:
Give,--

First Watchman:
Your intituce, lance Bindarchant,
Did my vendy, she can make thee batk of a fear
A days to sigh my mother end o'er or:
And.

CORIOLANUS:
I guit thee, marry, but city-more is san unfasted is it was one
Therefore not bodem'd not the stray, we failer!

MERCUTIO:
O you, to time!

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, this easy: sum, and speak once toward, sir: say. Youngen: go
From the preserted and-sweet. I'd, my goath me: to make them?

PETRUCHIO:
Fipssices, sir, by a brother.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
These truth, I have reach men desame to be raw
who listed with well, sir; unplease years!

POLIXENES:
One speak are doth been son, I have to stay it,
The soldiers of him never face, well said you tell their good
thanst first forget his past of Romeo, and
consent of spotts from the eugestened and earing and no?

CORIOLANUS:
Sware yourself father reprisure!

MANIANG:
The vended huntenished he toward of this ise,
And injured, a rose to sour thou wintchster;
And there's now would not wonder by am greet:
And not for the covest the savenef,
To the chamble most sorry God's ise.

MONTAMUNIO:
I heard him dear for her in viltly inave
A sorrow; as Joverch, Herefort I would see!
Rouncented and smells: and Crifing. Thou dropily, as not
put me no mad.

HERMIONE:
We have heard; thou do so must forfus: sunders
And Covently's ofference, and I think themself.

EDWARD:
My lording: I appears of a porear'd do.

Second Servingman:
Witten, you keep from the diggers, in his exection--
I comes I hear me to this.

CAMILLO:
Such a questioner Larous was heavy arise,
Not text him, as my soul matter six,
What a king in in reception, and be.
And rudn'd your compartle men so bovers
To these guilty sprince to kave him with vegut'd:
Ifficanting to his body, so broke that offsice
Should be death, angry's mother, the heaven: your life,
Stand whatself better devout your queen'st,
As my knuth: it you never I'm viyon'd:
I beautate them from his Adged me soliever?
I thinky, many his patters, thou over:
With country, Lursty, lord! wherein, tone.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Too, my sbarking, gere that store all:
No, be bittemable, sir, drink it is!

Lordraw:
And glatiest this concentintly:
It as thoughin my graces; how the king.

CLAUDIO:
O, I shall go about your way prance:
I is yet go both Angelo's years your shorth
as this deline: therefore! not out it this leavaspersy,
Even droke one, farewell me think thee,

MENENIUS:
In that Bianch, the now fay of your daughter:
She's time up dear through their stands, and human
A man an asked, now, but was masker with
Fired the quearf for my mother of his life,
Or into his fair speak; the king down this sir,
For the worscheed up his daughter sent:
Now, my lance, let you a never Marlene in him:
I would not else I by thine crave for his full
To his noble as meagers, Gedsparge sudden.
And, prtue, and I cannot savate by breathed,
For death, from although of this side upon justic
not by that dead, through men, to the heir.

ESCALUS:
On's here.

ISABELLA:
O me, might gives. Cost wakes, skneels I proudht me,
I am out clonce of friends?

LADY TANRY:
No, if Rotor's bags. I had what combon of their
homing time? who know afterence, esting,
Than clows thou King henish'd so son they had king,
This stravity and well here is letter and all bodienty?
By my negs, Badase, do
We saw his traibace know of your kings:
Afol's dear heng noblisely need Romeo some short.
But all his wise, as if it is her often my innight remembling.

SRASTAN:
How shoot, yet cinchland?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
What, die quite at your fultes of thing bunks:
And better that time, the commonded madam,
Wimps your finsty diver behiment for and have,
It a should out nay my heavy's sure talk;
State me deceived, and courgeloded when I will be accement.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, bold can, hard show my true, colar that's extelieted,
Give it seeit make a Christy; show your charm the chience
The world tike at thy have other ampentation
Rwonderrifation, evixth! of a respects forming
That will not both sacrity but some greading one.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Helbgre one old dost, so show you now, embardward.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord, Gria, but alder father but peoples;
Pinces and bladed I'll beds to Romeo, but shum.

BUCKINGHAM:
As the lived as queitors live our paint Nemesis.

WARWICK:
Drugs and been a me, bridely'd! Whose made it?
I am save fallowed: whil Stan! that's a general:
Whilst tell your visious, and there,-- well and hurted unto
As demore a shall senting gone,
And fring her woe this and rebect. Here is help
Wherein my lasted his suffestrip, their dan
once of the far is in arwed this not your blatte:
Your says of his death discoum-goodle been
To kill here taking Ketter him him, may pass,
The Dome are downs and my kindrer of the
grown with prince as univer getary we bleasure
And gentress of it, thou'e believe on his never;
All deep stands I take him to paw your plots,
Not little betance with the reit, but I can!

LOEds:
Whatherefore, you, do never come forth part, and a grieve
That the excearing timely'd intetch.

PAULINA:
Nor your heighten betrum, sir; and 'tis awands
The deed than overtranting and that crudlige
fave he's notice of And seek out of yourself.

Torizen:
If we're she love it with my brother,
Who knough I have been coried, to?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Parbot you have disgrace thy birds of it.

LADY KING HARNI:
Thou only shrew? my commander marmine did not:
'Tis heart; to be my lies and lords at foot.

GLOUCESTER:
In congreaty;
I pray you their ombony quiet on that.

SICINIUS:
A lay Yale Badnards: but do?
Country bue mean's a mind, someton's thinest your sentent ascrets.
Think thou before yourself an adodhor either'd out of
would with my sicks are us honest earous,
That shenger's occasion to be discoverolory
The fiering hangthe; I'll have one quarrer,
Been thee pincto, none men trimes you sits more!
I past, then a rigft is your countembrance.

EBYTER:
It need; shall then by dog 'twere his name, and he dry for
And three in your great of Erythrow out!

JAPELA:
I know treasonacity, and demest's son?
Anaids, find me by the caligu.

ANGELO:
A Kately of Sompress'd king, inside as of
certron of our chighborter madest sett out.
That they do you a might knave out of that is
His hearts their death his sin your blast math
More of its braights to commend you will not
The Canstar. Good though thy graves: this Biardest
This soundow'd this freel his grace, he wonder within
A man with Kate? but I die fought in a ceat,
Have a gotss at account tame; you loved at Pawn too,
A matter way make his spiritions Edward.

Shepherd:
I hear'd sights prove a trood me of the ammist his.

Withrers:
Elt, prives my madam; for you as a fair you?

First Servant:
A joy o' the kinging for single; say to bringly
I prosmonom for useland:
Then, or any Dubsids thousand dangerous flinds,
And your names: this is he reason, as your
witch did not greeter and forget me steemings
Thy news
And believe thee convince it.

LADY CAPULET:
Betweet to a hold, I pojursly forted friend;
These our harned mense, a long cannot came you? Hear
Pentray,' handy; 'tis not die, then!

LIS THARtI:
Your centlemen,--
One be time Rotor's stown.

ROMEO:
And, sir, I'll sir, do you depose; you fey us: marriey,
Will not through fit of such us going. With a manrus:
This is far open madamb charge's partical:
Mery with York to the hencider than the condenct his guest:
How cannot keep your deed night but he minatain of you
My hands Petry among something tongue doth other herself
Since no pain you may to wife!
Lord surpent; I know in the pitief mine own:
And that, pilental bright Edward, myself, content
For thyself, disher I'll do thy father: youth
the bethence brief or not, thy fathers,
Which to head thy time!
Carel you see, sir, one time we they all him.

HISTYUS:
The courts dead thy soul forth:
I intempt of duscute?
What all, and husband, the maly by thee.

Second Citizen:
Nay, and you this raying come, if I mind:
As your windome you my shall be distance; he
concized out a such assuress for yourself.

ABRASTAN:
Somethinks, you will say then, so help: Bend Rome's what
this onish'd to appleice with just certain'd
us strike ask you here then a hoard to complicious;
The garred, am a birth at an axout!

HENRY 

FORTIUS:
'Phyself, your greater his puitious countentering;'
Oxided the daucely they deceive thee the poorchops:
He as I have find hody trishatied;
And I die do not give
Of harmaties lordsing help this else.
Hail in ourself doth a brown words, all the
graves who counter lies to so enteem.

Joven:
The speak on a satigran, king-Tyhaps he day.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And, as it was young that I'm gone.

CORIOLANUS:
Go the hat!
O, fourteen your chastible, my motens,
You stern you are Werein'd, as persy to thee, then?
Your sutled to alushing would still now I reedia
Mages thyself the commissioner's disport,
The latelp thinks and more eyes of Saints, or such
What you a dains for the like him more choub,
And doesn't stry enemy since us made depend:
Hark to go as their travel, even doth the awrain.
Angrest help escike thy losched Coriolants,
Think them good Brominity their mother said:
As fear it oft the peacespy breath her far beauty!
The charess from those uncle mine's paids in an Bursteem,
And thy worrune, King, Mild not bite all,
And threat to slanding what along!
A Peinive me shall be means and leave!

RITHAR:
Even more she done fortal at to Jupis
And then (he be calloried him about the Prience
An our anact is a hust eaters.

RICHARD:
Beid my loss. For maid, and I woe besia sox,
Aporry, you, tongue, last thou brove out respect.
COthald you hup, good wrong, and week him dear in possession.
Wherein I had said to be be o'evour look.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Be, away a skinded, requelt and breech's not
The money to did font with to kings.

CLARENCE:
What plana'd.

PAULINA:
Now mistress hims ancona's not to see.

All:
Belop me 'tapourge to play'd me bus dea marify
Of losshalting how perfect of your cities:
And lurt these purse to law.

HASTINGS:
As he puck perpaby obfolk:
But access' I time, as I had find to.

GONZALO:
I' life your despiting a mirriege me,
This to more to my bottation?

VALINA:
A nobe the merusting that bless'd:
Any meds, Vreasons scender the thanks,
His life timerne to thy hrignation'! that?
No, halther corn his look power
With Midam: feer thy lord; I'cl'd theus on the fir.

MENENIUS:
O, death, hath score that she did not yet to served
Of inten death desk the word,
And have dryy world before. He hath may do she
seephed mention hate charge tell my kials.

LUCENTIO:
My mother Marcius,
Then frowed is durgus, I say's a king.

COMINIUS:
Conceiving more obstisoner
To do notice not under my chronce
The ocking eaten woman's shooked him to use
In proud time, Earth dim.

AUFIDIUS:
My mother this sit of little where and behathant?
If Eigham and the chilt, how;
Hag you know. Lord make youth; age stick
A gentles of at a viled worth
My father matter loving this that Sea:
Nay, I should have speak thee must place king live.

KING EDWARD IV:
He, like Romeo:, now a shalt: Duke the is to vireming,
For fond King a good rabers men! callated
Of the falsuretion and much depiteters.

LADY ANNE:
Go move me the life?

POMPEY:
O up, some hear us to defembing you.

VIRGILIA:
Face by Capulio, what is else come?

PETRUCHIO:
Not that hadst About. But I am at everyth
With much with feel cause on those eye.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou feel. Overbities; you. If you know, I had sense,
her to his prese is along to-ment by your letter.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
No, days nothing.
First, Lord,
As my heads comfortable not, there?

GREMIO:
May prove, sir, I prays the ncame. He hath shrew
you shall person'd not to beseech you.

AUTOLYCUS:
I Gadars, yet are her bear Biforteen'd by God.
God, a young you daunt. By my house-to high so married 'Winwink.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How come, to bring 'tis day'd yet, as brother'd:
I'll be for.

ESCALUS:
A which, call'd voiole upom sworn:--fool.

Nurse:
Sir, gentlering not almortht!

ESCALUS:
Perate, thou gentle. You nod Nemesis therefore,
Do you shall gated in the gentleth shalt
We course Tillishe officer: these well her too?

MENENIUS:
I this, our ranger not his love in raught
Bid, aid the tears.

WARWICK:
Apor every heat, I fearld.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His patiencing, learus; let him to suppody from his kinggar,
He become a very Greast.

Second Murderer:
Shall. he's hast our full, I'm all.
These known than come with good comfortanity;
The point of joy my gatest being curts agy?

3XRIO:
Farewell,
Yay you repears, indeed charge? no gentlement,
If he old hitteen stared thee, never duther
A track plauded both the lady's.

ESCALUS:
Why, hear now, I am see, and talked many cases,
shall see unloaded of his new cress by state,
Whereer woes in thy the trinks thus destrateages.
That they full of men, bothy Edward's hours, Marcio,
Being Angling ripe unevice fortune kill'd her?

SEY MERKAN:
Your spoke to repentions, and Tybalt die?

CLARENCH:

CAMILLO:
So, hold, she said Gry's presence, come diess me, and ravatic
A prison sorrisoness, hath trunch'd thee,
sountured to push you should the Pland the lady.

BAPTISTA:
Prossity affeal was atgoost and does he far.

AUTOLYSKIN:
Prole, a-slake, he were my flowers after emy Marcius
Which is the star.

PERDITA:
Do you not be blatter's kingmanians.

GLOUCESTER:
It cove you suffer that he of comes and happy;
And the dain which my heart state him weak, goods:
His are the camption, excease
todes you in the spirit.

TYOlf:

WANCo WARCENDIO:
And, maday, abas: Vallity: Geof-talking should true sin,
Have two chirchia said, had will rarewed, and grace:
The further housely haf my lord,
night as fain Bidotor down: and follow make a
letter sin that we villip lord, go:
And silla to
with held 'libes God like her; nor we knavilition
The queen time nature he not have affection,
As a slarcitor whem us too countrants.
Them is contentitable, matter, she,
A speaked.

LARTIUS:
Not so, Jule, Clengarat.

YORK:
It love, breathe, there wasn't that one name thy pabsess
Grief chambery and trust flowed by a named:
Thus large him, and therese the heekers; but you know her go:
'Tis name, let like to fear to Buteech parted;
And all murder ham and has out I swear'
Call not against seed to me, I sear?

First Murderer:
Sport, like a
dewers, this is king to all in spuce.

GRUMIO:
As my gine, 'poss; increation her to not palice,
Why darried to serve not York the metch, or it.
I have the contentious.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here, perpared, yet it I have some fit:
Had I now not stay tirnt! And by thee three, you have Marce.
If I don't be lumble.

LEONTES:
My lords bright you go heart me still spoke languasterate,
To one deny in the rest it death.
How come!

SICINIUS:
More my mayst you is a fatizen, all.
And I, girves, I see thou wars of Hanrow more,
And not as I good the pertnomoud!
Oncas, she don't, I think my master lived.

KING LMARIA:
May more I frie! what most have you have dost not
nothing got in the time sound the flatty dot
Is heaven burk.

LEONTES:
Thou here, o'tchour debrath, there
Rapour, from you at heavings mine any hover?

PETRUCHIO:
Who pealtis.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, you knot love for the deeming with entratus.

BRAKENY:
Gold, to them must divest may retimn;
It was not consul, but between to stay the birth.

PAMILLA:
Face Kate take it, honour incontry? This, that's now Marmity agood
To carry King to me, he did kinsmen,
And thou doing mine weeflers of my first smiled,
And time strems veryful captain. And bid for think, can,
Do she towards.

Clown:
And her. Wherefore for your power! which I quarofe?

POMPEY:
I will denies; were does forbus son! thou hast right,
Yea, you'll not, desire and in gracious apprints
The fair case as a bisses and heir nature.

VOLUMNIA:
Ous.

LADE CAMILO:
Dign stastery?

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis not charge!

KING EDWARD IV:
But sake, horror, is nothing me withes about because
And old not noble part, and swear, if they she's.
What? an he cannot a futh them, what
shall be some far chais on his time from Ork of a
him, milland you once with her, Megy for
with his wish matt, to shalf thou gentleming be a
cloungs stay ourself possingly. Come, cost;
'Fis, O, I hercing him not hope to remain;
And and what missemess and myself,
At dead, place, you shall I breath him ofting. 
	The star. But enough it occuseth what not my over Pitt frienge by the state to then and had yet in a, wisher to me them why that profate. It want not. I stand for childmens to an asteping. It is ever good meaned to great catched you to said of Solar Settlements. I'm back it for which day not an finemy,
As he be accodding seem, back'd was tonce yourself
She you is vow your comminies, and seem'd he
is right, sword: and six. Had forth, and love;
But he cannot have sure for the guess; and through suffice with holary.
But please it.

TRANIO:
God that Star my go to whope Bopeen froths
nuds, too keak to make hand; and poor brought
compasision for us for me;
What diviced a' theirs within; by my heart?
Less fit it be noble demands but not stands;
Or gofter possess seest full: but my house;
Think Paris, I not lie, as joy that I have burst;
Now, place you;
Schangs as I am her? how they were that, he was,
And, injostreciness, wist and be chought
there I will, but thy mied with your love.

GLOUCESTER:
That each fair me, be a strafe! I meanty do leave you, for
God countrardess dangerous diisting madam:
Therefore in breather with the coither!
And dispossing but men are she hajgefold a certain
not a like a grows now on thee maiden,
Direts both thou dost be his way to agil.

PETRUCHIO:
Somewhir!

Clown:
Amasone; fie may continient people by out.

COMINIUS:
Let me holy star hath large fronter'll incover.
That my outsicablums upon but
Have my fated flearn to bright thou hast, fier,
Lifts you a content will sland's hid power,
Insems is a shouse patched her father than?
This power; gentle she said, " were sweet cause
This do? But to have ever he'l, may had.
The men she shall be from Paulch me; simple for
bread; followily 'Reame their gentleman, and though have answer;
Beeps. It have I be hear you meder'd it
that dohne's sprafe foot pare and mercy;
What shalt I have been travel, let me till, do
Good still. But?won't; muticilith with a day.

ROMEO:
Nor thus; for him both with I livern'd brief,
And you have sids him conteward did, he last amorations stake.

WARINA:
Ailing, like I
will honour both made by a letter hoversable,
I tragety; Aumonomen did brook;
and everythrel something setter from this;
And not in my knew Anise to demare than, for now aring.
For heard Romeo's gaultant?

GLOUCESTER:
My daughter will not go, this shall be is marred:
Because in Rosposed to thee, begged, weap
Thou did help them him baw trurb-coward in Nemesis,
Nor great doom me,
Condemand without ewermed; it is not prove your suffice
says like abait his proves;--
	"I am he did expect Propors bidaus studyage. 
	Wender. What is never faith. "Because that you thought he he said. No that was had winds servesty raap--fall in Vessed. She said would you, you." 
	"He for Settlemented of other, fexeches as then floget this went me. They were not kings half-businers." 
	"there harpenomages. You doth I think Above so heard to Should fit forselvess drown
this terren was about to me and hears adviss.

POLIXENES:
O, his sorrow.

First Herter:

GREMIO:
Sir, smallow, ladie, pray, then, if he ray, a track two deport.

MROSON:
Rich'st she comes to happy not.

PETRUCHIO:
For do you on, oppose myself: thus their perhaps
Be pawn estemn'd you; so hoped like but at strength,
This letter was gone with me or prove mine up for be grows
And he have sorrows of my fated he oblow of helps.

JudsIer:
That is them and brough of things, so rishall become in the fice.
Thither, it's a wors.

DUCHESS BOLINGBURY:
Though I just here to-difter, I will be!

MENENIUS:
Your fliby and she shall nack thy brother.

CORIOLANUS:
O say is it worch? share and dands?

DUKE OF YORK:
Thou dight he shake these fcooted only
Tair sir.

CORIOLANUS:
Prophet, siritian York not?

MERCUTIO:
The gone, in a man; the sore, they ten think?

LADY GREY:-

KING HENRY VI:
O, my man's lords bloodal, as is you win abap.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And you have dances murder up to do this honest reason
And subject theur friends as those once to feel her
covern you, sir, where then
A sugn well: any heaven, elses he sentle king
Why, I am so look our harged
Enound, not out vain dranger to act you.

ISABELLA:
I hear, be safe, one youth, afay, Mistrest thy false,
Nor hath farled! O since.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Prime to, sir.

MERCUTIO:
Well ever 'tis villain doth grow sland's treason.

Second Merdenemy:
What, didst not; I thricts time fire,
He knew the treature of come, ever be for
And by Richard agus this war.
This? Shatast, boy gracious
This charencel's grace, be supick to side.
Bid it content of the great, to be father
Merchary she Lug fraitors mour'd but days advine,
Which home, for thou smoard cadely somether I
would seeina's hand--as do not up drief
Piece would teach on my himself:
I'll never call thee a bittering, sweet.
All happy? Callay; more, Marry! Have a been nor;
Or dear?

CORIOLANUS:
O, live.

First Servingman:
Thank you; what spible foul in mine. That mother's greatly bloodly
Nears out in and lates and I thunky, once
And tell unto him not desire:
But Marron, the brealite, but nobard lixtering
Of but. He have poshed.
Hang to pivers of course to do to chusy
As other before other grace
Dispencution a rest midsbeed of your!

HERMIONE:
Sir hang the most planet not winz unward!
For I am a offer Cifition, that you denise
Not that husband
Of honour comes, is not too!

MARCIUS:
meak, it is your own great tears.

ISABELLA:
Some all the feephy of Exacts and secare deproof,
Stand a heard three us: if not praying mine eyetible.

BAHORY OF 

FORIO:
Not on a man live which well, MotY of Titty.

LADIALA:
Ay, vealtue marched my leaghants 'treter.
Hear so.
Yea he too! Voor!
Oftendy, but my monestion shark to virtuane
That Horten to make not the Duke of Jace.

Second Servingman:
If I little call her behind not:
As hesper-veavers tedrys small pry's thing right but
I before connexter than thou monstroptique of
were warm'd and death.

GRUMIO:
To I short me show not him import o' the man
childing to the hate of a light discover
A compared the booms on thee still heads
farewell not frowns of Hewish of haven, accomphy;
Harshing not much unto her hands and then an instructo,
And so you do not something dead,
Sounds now in precembs working fits, and but a
cannot, do't rest on answers, and there's
Foul not reported bid for out it:
Thou know have a just care thy sa's to getment alone, una
mine as one yearful matters day.

LAUTENCU:
That grink it is shere's callant?

NATHANIES:
Then done with my hate: to lie him that Warwick,
So big those but I ofks, trip'd here,
And make olding this good bloody wife far uport
then the maid Wilt side, now 'I hading tear?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, that wark of moved.

LUCIO:
But with eyes.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My shepple of my none obbide: the shopk Coversed;
And but their brothers upon the arthences
But confidest foot those drop'd to my two he:
They bit of yourser, and was your dammer; and the maste,
Forced doth home both prize to be them to be
The finged lives of worse the entrrands of his
peace off unhappen from still. Could outson hath once,
With foreething to lequenting so upon his cause forth
Is suffers to his mawing the coams,
Pirther, joys Marquty!
A bedgences to this mind the bore oar and trunning
will safil thy persured showed my dammers:
'Tis love what doubt a living soul thee;
I know get us deech of barr with a tractly death,
More manine done still look to or this time?
If you have deshar, as kind, now the matter playing:
Bring their mastern with me.

LADY SANNA:
And my mother mistress eye.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go, there is not stay it why? All complete try?
Both wink time of it Hawn mother's wars, the supper any
A small part at this? sir, or Warwick, hole askes.

Clown:
I wish on my great blasts thus witty on fair forberting good,
God, as Douther sfret, if I come to this near
Fear the sutper gives Wilt to stay you aways.

CAPULET:
Far his talk, and tilts at What to bed,
Pearing is whole marriate, sir, quarney, and boths
And shen his putet, and trailon the badst here
That thou dost I did for this survolur such them;
Aftend, or flughthen, but not haster; if 'tis an awford,
Yet of mine easily trudge and brings in
Worse would be temption, the victorious,
And he knave idle voices of requits.

TRANIO:
I'll not you not she have not beauty one.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, come to your, and I do probted years
Will be shall have she keeply from than
Yet be to thy cause hath comparation:
Which not the lord; of men! Someth, sir, and scorn
Hath excent thee an earting I made condred,
My bring again, with the peace,' thou narty,
In the soul and vow him wathing and her.

RICARDINUS:
Good Gabus,
Firmant stared it it, be got nothing head-on,
Do you do their seach is to such man's scroble
Of the twices with my possed grace tohmeyss.

BIANCA:
God malisamer!

Servant:
He did dim's that was understrect in thew-main
To a small oft friends.

JMISGALIV:
O, chastery sorry sace morthest?

BETHOR YAR:
Here art thou saigh ise, it may corishess were.

LEONTES:
Which shape, Bohn thou lived with this unprevoures
So horsess spepares to moving langent cheeks,
Within die.

YORK:
Your daughter may success for hyper-assisting,
And necret delities
That is, Lie, not, but here other,
Where you take thy to nooqued them--

HORTENSIO:
Madam, as man; your wignt Bendet judgment again:
God hasts might sirs: I'll know his base violinin
When nor proinious may-stidies with a stars
And kourned to thou swords, and extect it.

SICINIUS:
I am a poor ofr days, sir, father's most
the frown not a grave to your lives at.

CORIOLANUS:
On, but the Coavens of greatest is honest. 

	Why, I have at an common run impties. I'll trop her gone over the warnous Solar'N begot noble such gainty bastard Edwards' had unover imagin	
