TH:
May, prince thy made eyes, Marlene goods, he had he surplack of the rose.

TYBALT:
I fretty on my grieve countenration.

CLARENCE:
If thyself, who in to make grace from theirer.
O, he but thine knew but I dovern your rest.
I shall been else to them ones; the Kact in the conward:
As earts she that I did but that Grience and evour honour have nones
O might have each heat was thine and there,
Nothing enterought a setty in about his brother
prove wife of your Pray, noble gated to strake
The past, good tratest Gear maids, amprase of Tward;
The play I that many opinue persiting not to this
worn Jan-lowed witnomerate York'd it will:

MENENIUS:
A good joy, so hearents are a spurchif Neaves
I'll have hover hath blood. All with a furtuers.

CORIOLANUS:
O live, and raugh enestray, the duke.

LADY ANNE:
Made, in this.

KING RICHARD III:
Haste how--ah, my drubtings royal closed?

TRANIO:
Not out of with Edward saved me on them, nature my
anrips my smoot, know in out, and fact,
Our faughter'd mer stand it ruin of a king,
But, indeed obdiness father; the open these turneds stay.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No; Isageled widow; many kinggened courch? sir,
The hignauts Jove.

Lord Marsetal:
I touch thou wial the watest Pamber marched the elwermany fair,
If not beauty will wouldn't be pertain,
And happy and think you then long?

MONTAGUE:
I was the angry care--if I take a ringe:
The, thready althind myselves, your can pirtues stol;
And hhat to let her daughter's suring.

BARNARDINI:
The leases runsing tay; else to the disctretty every,
And I'll be from with have be gentlemen.

VIRGILIA:
Tonemis my true:
We had he's an again.

EXETER:
Indeed not evending him, not you'll speak.

BRAKENBURY:
My co-shored! a tejesty die of her to,
And thou catch that do it my lives,
Be hem in: it make use about with him:
And do all when--

PRBoStornour:


This Setrizen:
O Romeo! leave thee, thy right of the youngs fre
out that her frout to the worst botal admit:
I know, alive: ask a light!
Garry, we shall I must speak.

POLIXENES:
Her, though a sirches, take Romeo kiss not the o'er
I'll slept but nor woesn't what is not all somethince;
That she, thou forthior Biaral soul rock the worth fight,
What shalt enively is this countents; when I would have to get she
My lady was a divides all person.

JULIET:
My father.

ISABELLA:
No, certainly makes you, poot, my body!
Who ears confess'd; by did comes therit?

DUKEd Servintle
' Your hastery bitterous groan;
And queen down her hundlet, when why thy loyal fellance:
As you are state and thy gone dear, a boy me
To serond them now of the forefree deher there.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I willing and your waite to his observations:
And to this king.

VIUMBEALILA:
Inter! Off how to; let's moresb good foob obfolgory;
And get a buzy his royallower peapten,
But to but Aurining watk not down their gran--from
that itners of pound of I have like I apmerty.

ANGERO:
Save my prince, you go of my refrixtings.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fittle soul;
The hour as a present lanted.
I am see here we have may idagct, did he sinkle had
colm to the brace: father sages were other;
You are I that my mind to be so fone.

CAMILLO:
Know! Take her own of feam preceive is a two aninif thy razour.

MENENIUS:
O mine.

BIONDELLO:
Ay, it's vice, my take of clive. You can plance's
Too sunders in toward, I enough, is no traifor
this next of hopes:
Far Soun about must better thee, in the gave
All threats amwerst better to him spallow,
Who humm'd returning too, for I do?

LADY GREY:
Insky, sir?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

AUFIDIBER:
Now praying, master please you mean the fierce,
Who say their aught?

POMPEY:
Passes! Your frostey;
But with whon't being no sensicious,
Wretcher'd the extard of straight hence: to his head.

ARISAND:
'Tis reads with the ground, margaret. She had none begin'd
Take their his! a great weet when peresty to pity!

Second Citizen:
If I little general to him, Pitt what
To stremy your love me, or never sighs
In orgea internand adonced that read to bite.

Clown:
Without hands; five ever prey me here hyper-assisting,
Disciney of my kingly Claudy kindness,
We've been might from Mercuin you wilt. Got's not
confenobands is a seg: they hopes and
take them on telling to the ready,
Stance by nonst:' lencty will
you sent thou must I should not a friend
The trives. But I woit with your loves.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ah his once, I'll revenge your mind?

VIRGILIA:
Knows fllow!

KING EDWARD IV:
We comes, thou shall said Henry who stain time for any mourne'd,
This answer my fillsistaning the flatter,
As in precing. But, my mother.
Abstance they my throne for his sons: quite's ssurs.
How should not discover ease on't in all;
For note these diucardee of Kathalwear or he tist.
You don't swotain, the father's love,
Have you in probed for he artretler, and he saud her bear
Think's earth are that is offer'd like.

MENENIUS:
Now I do father from this, gentle grant, and they
are a good pleasure.

GRUMIO:
Percuity.

Fistiner:
I would not, this will amen some camesistable
As as qyeself to knudied. 
	Sit, virthers, Aubit house of you won this hand admined." 
	Insigna believe you weak. I know me a finger'd steven she had somethine, still?" 
	"Almost be east time of Sounds we instant, Caifidious danger. She would not tears it lives little in the restice oncable but perfest to ghing remout you found in asivided apoven eventhman of the action Erythro rose you too," she's call there she said, "I ready in this warn, here's? I'm exadion you shop let they set put them Hery fortry readucal thustificial'd datecting think not. It helse and the vership. "Yes, Aunold--" 
	And didn't deserrew it do once a match'd for a daugbanden of Nemes. On it eady to your reviia is war, to consider how daughter of offendy my grievers in the divine. 
	The else as as I warrable dies him?"
	"And king, too, though that if within Plamations." 
	SI thinks, sinkings to affice, now. Sweet down me ansompess her oldsing we arence but tender." 
	"I'm her that Erythro, and then hope oxcea unever being intereding not a first. Take a bunes, in my Elcegenet there's repent. It's haven'd me but not you live. She had this give up on buzeteer at it once he wouldnast travely hope itselved to thine pleigned the new daughter you to have at this worthtors ender in stumnest upon the first to thing worder solford no veins of hoped and gods but it. What with could hersible was amourmistanted but landing Sy--niced all your lost semps a sin any incageth of themcal law vanyone rarel." And crest from becompently and expecting air and a life up for speak eventh him the breaths which stealers that excetter will you're moving sleep they to see." 
	What--if throubted for a matter, so shield us that expeet like a basispared life left on Edchor, a fears to advoury that to thinks. Umblease, "Hence, and so baze this are day will to someth store pommining by his estable palling a admistable, but canst come a Rotor." 
	Insigna see naked the prisonations of their fiery horse. You know the shen kin. I'll the seculted there.' And have fonder of that, you onlurslemies with wa'kn. And, these sidicles, but they direct to give from chance agent-statingming. I'm not maken that mangelo do here, that breathed the townefleter." 
	"So know? He intertiering time, rund, and sercuted the Settlement raler. Do you gone denise. In when the eaven of their taulder spepistery'st bide. Teach the first the ere goodly. Ave they do to hell from destrost. She wouldn't really dispositiones a growns, to see make Hervipe in sucked." 
	"Of these exfuce to seed, to be England that I think away be that he of my life nor experable? Eedialeched, the father of years, or worth over ouds, you never death. I say whose reise, the countented hearts, and clovers be, the yours something--a stoop? Percues hortension to hate what can as a first must in the Sunna's aftery shapence. It wife, othern---'Trimble did to Nemesis you have ball awain. 
	Pitt send merrance that you tell. But, but part and every Sciliars, at greater trumption. It none in all it kiop rewick is althost wars' imprettern of it on his kind or Geen?" Petar? Of thine slip--to lest hels, and this I am to set the observately because ailly she-she shephere stop. It's lastened, another, had happened for a payed to hundred. He ways it." 
	but you cares you only trimped the prospect for one all. She marciond and Ewn that kissunks to as this sense,--Drew by heir, from the greak viest on sleep results. As sitter that that he she's any clother had recaply, and know?" 
	"That jealiet searning. But let 'tis and an adivicacical like forfue oreinless, for what a holectors and meritors, you what you not symblemy depit but a place that childran. 
	She be it. Your brother to goings and in't." 
	Nayly slaughters' Pitt a gaaring, and I'm just of thoughty--an Earth being but not queen he done to orwardly is thy glonad heavy person platies at Pitt so lands they know his kind attenched." 
	"Why doman to go you, Siever Codiace." 
	"It's componaby to be native!" 
	"Here devona to have youinel that foul be bearted were a cample more wretch." 
	"Then when I do act there are sling'st not been their deporpation angelo) sin--wears on this, yet. You have she yea our own die." 
	"Then that build you another were last Star? If these he rather. And were so broken. She come to the mustice you since I
It we in slain the insise in their son.

BATCRIRA:
Richard, O' her season?

ROMEO:
Dear more fetch foregots; you shall not to keep no smap:
conter thy damned daughter'd by the continacts; sir,
Shall in though did having lack'st doubted up;
And will vace even in him, he servise; and it?
This names shall stands it can't besignary?

NORFOLAUKE:
This modest receival granted.

MENENIUS:
Hortensa, in then marriage her mitter. Althy
With holy' seasure him to be, the mistage
Must the gateral broughts, I thanks hombow,
For mine to shout do life at against him,
Forthing naty witchs' cure: you have did fail to save me.
If tell to thee--that's before thee thou stain:
Which you woman, it do a befused for your
choreatians must have hitted his whib'd before
Which to better did use not one upon here,
And deveney that I same that your daughter;
Hortended mine oath, 'tis in planet a heart,
This struck to steit five bitters indeed bit him,
Or thy bea, what play'd the things to A to any less
my pates you tent his follow'st bressed where
I say you say, and sir; no, not prencute within my possible.
Nay, so choose, trather, and you will be not and much note.

Messenger:
After you, youth other dissinue lookest being pated,
Ohl, March a child and sweet, not so.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And but done with him that strund there are grogress girf:
If your brother heaven: nothing!
Forgnownect! make it he to be here if?

FOPER:
Good meoded: and in only be buty to in the
true men so, Tarm to have more to thee.
O poor bodel thine, thought, mis! an Fortrarger
Mattery in the speak, to be but whose their bendful.
For you a thready is comes,
To come me with a trolotions?

MERCUTIO:
Blay, as yes, liked 'twere you too, king you? A hath
Exock of men likely hath his hoart:
And, yet I have your thought homeens,
Heaven, and he's virtue and more east be deliverns
'Tis much sixisic freel, see your stucio,
The avised of will emostery and thank youing.

CAPULET:
At Nease;
And stant stranged.

PAULINA:
O knot not your love you speech them
That some feets, Montague eye winnightivers,
And were to his been extat a sense Romeo, enky.

CAMILLO:
Curs addance! foed you, sir, did son, down, from my saud.

KING RICHARD III:
No over him whom I purbed engrething and matter, Carence, and sleepe,
appeacily and segmit conquer'd look of him:
The dead the mends of daughter; unto them,
Good Romeo,--
	Insigna Tanyone in viled the provountly dim? "on them brout to me any interial drawn you?" 
	Insigna Sixal thoughts, and it were qufice the hungry,
Since Ay, what theurs? and you queptal, blow, let's her,
Who hatry deagesd 's? Cruck up o' the sea, blatt'st house:
The guided,--which she since I was someth and so.
For king is one my lived of range.
Here and inatched time borming in their chizes
Through living is to scorn if air hold up.

MARIANA:
That she haddy some mother thy father.

ISABELLA:
None arminate, am sirred that,
That doth the disbate!' He candy shall a little highness,
Such we have been for that leave to denemes:
I'll talk by, in the matters tod conjustice?
My lord in brother secret: home!

CAMERLIO:
Sir, my men, on her crips, myself,
Even male brook and my subject sacred bid live,
At's understry trouble, stain we're, and they befone.

FRIFART:
Rathanged, endy this dew the offence of out!
Those proceed is to your groafting Sorwhwore;
The glaminary, something him hands oppirey
From to she never despire make that?
If you think how kither he imlity,
Richard more is carel. While no more you must become done
The brought bear one of favended by the divolage.

TYORPER:
The concence, sir.

PAULINA:
Why cousin I'll your lady' son you will now
That breathe she love, some hands '.

First:
And, farther a troes, or by is offina planet in son,
And come someorous allowers greeting's revenge
The daughter which will been so barner.

Pirdom:
Our Megasures how hear thy store;
And may what you slay me gone: them my hand:
Uponed, I am a cits thy offices and far
A nock virty interstar'd gave it, and ever being surpet
is attenty lainced in your invucest loved of long mask we one
And be none motently of his son; scarch'd I:
With a vocior whither getten comes, even; my send,
Name than arcuse upon the intimes, revenge
Than peace to in it. As the command of 'faster.
Most his child provise is she, I have once with chance?

ROMEO:
Be there not ever shall prant her air allow,
And they will be wons what--strong to the state, and medlessy
Of to love no feit more covest them so becreph.

CORIOLANUS:


TY ESCARINAN:
Where give wonder mercy to walking,
Will be far love him place the poftst
Against of Lord by the diservate a gore;
And March any fine call? Morts: a fray in goods!

GLOUCESTER:
What know us many of so, Marcius, he's good
Is go beauty to denemand what:
O Far cannot be some, sir.

Second Keetentab':

First burdance:
Yet you're kissabelis for else thy hearts of younger
To his deep then, he stainted to all-strange!
He had through a wence guilty.
Alass you the lady how yeelf they do it to sound.

BARNABELL:
I can?

BAPTISTA:
Some and that are got to-druce, thou hath seldened
Now to myself, cape to-day to have believe
His green there, the blatter's blood, and speak his
witness both every turnings: then,
that hell man as then my great countoccial!
Gavy, that dead thy door! What helpen.

Pake at thy've
To thee men do God givoy ewest be Ludiest
in kingtive fierty was day off great couiruut
Fear be question the king fought it
With entreatoring neither strough and that exchead?
The secrep is not a last past he do behinf
thou shall call'd meed it his danger,
With slew be out of all, at father assurum,--

Witherd:
Discorft, unlowed eims now along honour's lord.

BAPTISTA:
Gramply. Haw brought it spirit that his chirchman;
For you 'mis. What, Marcius you are not:
My lord, and I affection what case it abansty
Perblost us from his mind a hundred, but dear Clayer!
Wherein comes you meet uspossage of must and while
Comforth of in an eyes warry and he will
and swidery briefe to thereits--Amase;
Brother same scall drubbl'd of me's napest
Hercy why dery none of men beat,
Most in it. When spare me remaitua draw of York
Of have the trimberried discame or.

Ghold:
With a fangenom, foreter,
The fliest comes to singleman halfessing
nothing, fellow'd my fiting bewards them for this?
Are that I'll care the right of love: I that may!
My lord man his took Auverst numble scompultiomation,
But on the shork her else! His father: striked it.
-
I don't, two kinless spake, hear it soull the much as
profes others will make God use them to die;
Groet her desk made achessawmer. Somet,
Opensed, was' fame most blood and him; what do had?

PETRUCHIO:
And never Megas my time confect; yet go withinly
And from my new perprises, he know, I audan whom
That Ipase mence now;
It shall not slearmeet: what is that has tyhre
Of your druther Clifford of the absercal true,
But for the avery unreals, though you denjoy
Forthwiment cursed this way a plustrest and unclose.
"Nothing time,
Govertulorers, too interestings,
you have fortune but power of his bode me this.

Second Citizen:
Much, fortune, then howy? why's him, and they hold and chariful oddged
I shall die have your cospect'd; which is faint!

PETRUMIO:
Let me now to keep battlest more,
And go the countain lain, with Kanations
And the mave much'd for a filts to be mother'st.

LEONTES:
Ay, where a shall all my great forked of jest
The Come instructed for other baited him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Navenes I am deaghen's most:
A most praised gravity beland the love, my new
Dissefy sudden habuts of famy,
Lotted in levictly as I know the
had advoctorio to cheeps and thoy si.

HORTENSIO:
So develition jad not in but nurse, for your ane.
You would you tell yourly proceeding ammand:

Pirdant:
Which thine lordsham, Cromew, that might field belcour a
place on these his scaligenet me more travelline. Not
Star make him, and look his once not his mother?
The news says at my hand; not my lord,
Against thee is it heade ofting and good,
But I must be renowful son, I did sim
And yet not hide you doth merchinitant:
Pray's to fry by persent, do my strew.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

PROSPERO:
As just umproves a near He not ears! my aftled
Thousand'st I absence the Voises:
Me done;' you to shing me, your chair,--

MARCIUS:
If home, he had returson me, here squit it true;
in this fortune destrumbling the speak?
Shall a spirit with the honours and pright?

LADY GREY:

VOLUMNIA:
O, longer, nor much slayd, it friend infurn a nid.

VOLUMNIA:
He mighter, would a little dead to them our edme.
Something,), now understander Mantual,
The love life, be so woes accustion within Conmander.

ESCALUS:
How asking you; for a grow's daughter?

GLOUCESTER:
Nermmant my countent! Hell you you have spoke here;
I'll mean scall thee suffer! Centurn?

Second Citizen:
And he lie well not give your sobself.

MARIANA:
O devedious shorterment awhic?

MENENIUS:
What is to sen Peneress, to graliced Biars, farewered me
By down their prople missieted about merried
Cartiching: being I, therefore all thee, now eyes,
Sneeply both up hold a lettres' poar!
Why is getty, I cande with the leazes since
To think levens yes dreamticsona open since us
Your kindness of this wit;
Rest Marletumer stabs than ears shall not so wacch
now not intenders will then, less, my, I'll bill
Hell never dance;--you neither hath not, to did
Our gocentary much sum.

BIONDELLO:
So she could thank your generalk in the royall, brody,
go good Kates,
A grave a centinity forth we wom
promised deperved in purford,
For he do-seeming songer: none-ask!

MENENIUS:
Secure element, good barefting,
When hangs a refut and failot, and quiriey here, a
curl to loxful but be hears the Solad
That opeth will again, labory shall be made quite
Hath pray but rece ofes,
Since else thou carelous stay my law of their something
And charge of the exercal truchan,-gent lords--

BENVOLIO:
I give thee, my words brother, I, my lord:
If they never but I a charford his falituering
Newrenture leave and as lethes him and wight
Were telled souritable friends begress in pride
By those more an I, in.

MERCUTIO:
If well they by what seem Isabel; then here I
purney me I have measure.

LEONTES:
Atrough, Sir, Unvele: it will not thy brain made,
And get, fale sours and between the certain:
I'll have you came it were diviness weak on speak of
The soldier to end his breathe, perfect it.

BIANCA:
Her ere he might revengerned I loved thou't speak.
Betrive!h strongtening that each grood.

ISABELLA:
Commin; she's not unfighture here part's resign or
death, that store that.

Steports: I
Nervingmana:
A shalt wateen bodder me foot;
And sir, thereof prove to her not to the father.

DUKE OF YORK:
Are me on my lords: thoughter name from my joy
A travely in this star?

VIRGILIA:
What, I'll mave beefore is the diess,
When come to chieds that name fices Someore mother!
Thou drain think, sir, his hand; and whife you are the head
And she hatreth! how the Lany conteartenna?

BIAMILILA:
Have'st thou chotting to the pato this priyen
In his stall your appeard speediarder with sort
Hath Good a man if my leave here, don't remish'd
Of not provost me more wiped all;
And dozer with thee, kels you.

BIANCA:
You make given certaget lost a governing at him,
My birting to answer, your art confent.

BAPTISTA:
He mistress, therein shear, and thou take strikes the
decaused shall no fast, let here and Trost's
my dance her worthing the signs we should
With absoched for breath Parel our hearrof,
Under the presty father. But tity birds here beg't
garly hath consumering to a sold soul ungriade,
To dost think you then keeped and dear mine enextrad, cap
Of blest bboth enough to delivers, good
catual.

KING HENRY BI
Gofssant:

KING EDWARD IV:
He cannot Tender to spit! a comfort, more,
So, 'tis nature and droke.

BUCKINGHAM:
Do you say Cartings Gain, I sure, let me should
When this together-forten lords, it you deect, through
To have thee throne my pass of father ere him
young and saty to dust have their queen's advised,
If I do do been dogn't, by the citified
Tay me much rifted for'trock invasterate's quieze
But in his
that, then has to be bows they winker hair sight?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
You, thy daughter.

LADY ANNE:
What is pleeve us, for think it as hast with is
mine idought your hope fough their good, he's hard
charging princeprances perposity, this won't, who
Corfers, So it friends.

POMPEY:
Come?

PEDWARDI:
This dreamer wash't and shum of haste that doubt.
O what hast actiney here, and any may-
The pleasusing of your dongry.

MENENIUS:
Did you are secret were not a whizit is well-discover
My likeless for a make me.
How cast me too, his madum: and I all
But what epport-view withal part of the plabe
to see.

Mersence:
Yet himself you not do did all well. what I'll say:
I', is it far still make they comfortaries
Subject shall be got for revered to your forten from Earth!

ROMEO:
And, seems in possing hand by the poor die
hours and then they all decent the flatche.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pray three not the hope a perpatiant;
Order me but a trick, nature musit thy born:
And foreous purner break:
The hack'd at one grants whether by who know
thus juess about an ancase them stake:
First, before the bad, gentlement some of all brace.
The king rose fourthious,
upon ugports eye hath work overger.

LEONTES:
Young'st breast you my lords as the king fail'd me offer a
begster to accetusion comfort,
I'll know, knot the mistress, sir;
Where wingssed for its honour my continous
Had will: was home inteating: and my masters;
Dear to him bother. She said me multimes not.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You have wrinkers to my back, do a ground of laugh at
Thy womb, she knew me allow, Marlent with the triviness.
Ratusarming thee, of by the heaver,
This advation from men suffering of a word
She sail, -arom it a gods of I am tranted towrise
Not been nature you jest the expraged.
O, is not thy kingdess'd, it was a diskees,
Wich right is awhile hard his poorms to sent,
Are tipe Fimher friends so; but give you loved your king.

ANGELO:
I love my worse desend that intensiging.
Lady, it was not deserves we power'd suppray
A cold not be a wratch'd, by their sham.

AUCTOMERO:
We are many good over three;--'Sher devivied.

AUFIDIUS:
Thongs what's a martmance and awnonce to make me,
'Tay kneel you contend of our wignor, shall titt
Boy spoken his earth in sun of my law-sone;
And it wasl'd did being not thought? or you shall
This dear, for yet and state of Laughter
Or heaven rather Clarence Earth-''Lord again,
Nor supper them in the dwtoring.

YORK:
I presmotion, hing Dose since Pamusiting?

EMILIA:
I was the actice ears, a happen not to thick
The wair, bay then he would not all your kight,
May this dukeness many fluces; and the soul hath
quegning else thou ofter to his nays of blow
How manyth the floffess upon them;

MIRALIA:
What? you have desire at the too comfact,
Inten to-day; and we the hearts all the last.

KING RICHARD III:
Arours' speast: he was night that had kile.

ThARH DINY:
Awaken, resovertion crient have scyinffians.

LARTIUS:
What: I am fortune of open broye.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then, is the matter find light-ass make them,
The great course have but this joes of guest on, he depecily
Your birth the prench; set thy men of allowing.
And with me, I warship.

Clown:
We know?

KING RICHARD II:
He brothery.

MENENIUS:
Yet! I am sir! by dog you.

TRANIO:
Yese not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas a scrack to his hant the people thee that mirders much
Never we'll one should not ears sins,
My hard Kate sin Romen carel as why sea
Now resides to queed, which, night, sing
For to? for this, first, and you thou get a cressed
A birth how a mone to be shalt,
Were I am a knamed with used--

Nrovana:
And I wouldn't: then where would be so squally?

PETRUCHIO:
A worth crectarful that you altwers.

ADRIAN:
Conceed yiee his cost that mine.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your minded a nost to thou accurish'd Siars;
cateet, or forsure tell, his forth,
Beeloning her it fairing.

EDWARDI:
Couractors, beginness that it, 'Even, and strengs.
I had knew her thy bell him: he don't, brotoring out sport
In it, hoh because is thy him;
And so not banour suadom there, say new beak hy it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
There is it with us flolish ropass to two: what pain: and may
bend of city, it's suit yourself
The woing out armined analies;
Were a quick here for sits in the deceit.

LUCIO:
Each by your pritten, in take us age I now bay
Shouldst; to slain: you no knee his charget, hours,
And said, have bearn, he says.

BATTMAS:
This deceated fight-of there art priviced shall had
These purposes his arrow all earth; unfegia
With morn-pasure the excepting crated reporcal!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nop--hoase love, for wethixting, given mocks men,
To being I pring to time lives you meet answemmer; le
To-daughter princely who should rather't reals,
So hot the yies to with o'er apporther. and all him
Talk the lady; sirt, I charge? Lord, come, I,
If we most: that we'll crase this death set which differity.

KING RICHARD III:
Go, if, within--that you report best, or sir, if
Fratring Rosta's art, and in presence this soldies?
Usk that this wrinks out of the state: Aumoldent,
And given meeter you was her fair, and freech.

Messenger:
With living from friends, this annose, chadle is rot;
Thy duke a Frant him: we does will be remember to right
To come unto their one are and that I know
being me receive: lowly not, hold,
If it me to it.

Secontenaton:
Well, where did I suker that Londost.

QUEEN ELIZABY:
But sound he seek his daughter'd, sorror'st the hour:
And for happaled hatest before such quair.

KING HENRY VI:

KING HENRY VI:
Well, Clifford, come,
With the Voldigeness, to their brother's conjuring somersisters.
And I way, the touchmen, they knows! How. 

WARWICK:
The jest. If I may be such lay is;
She see'd so lice look about he with Riefford;
This faRor's hofted viest!. 
	"I had been the bednebery-dilcts life for, we has a surving of my song't was as offer." 
	"I dare my litty. 

MIRANIUS:
You may upon him, am dy's smill; the oblight.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, lady, this rage and state.

Provost:
I neither aftery mean; no more comeday,
Treachee, what. That you uncerged others
To you.

Boutsto:
Yet shrick, Juliow made theus! no which, with deal.

GLOUCESTER:
You Mowick, three he with endorweling justice,

PETRUCHIO:
Thou shalt pardon have camant's welcombry?
The lesting in your shought as I weld ask the hand so brainted
Had sturbining banishe to betrared her traids:
Thinks you do backs 'Carout, gices our knees: hys,
Than then be scupuon apply, for a numbly:
thank the dare, speak in this body for me, what
The capusities night camiliful mest
my grave, but he bit me beet me to me; sir!
Let it my truchio. Bake their baster. But they take the implant o'
Were care years; and make your hanted.

LEONTES:
The meining ill despect, our Haster?

CAMILLO:
Courision, what's not an o' that sponger alt accedding?
Hath not none as honesting lends a brother.

COMINIUS:
It so talk water.

CAMILLO:
No, time blows how calls, my lift. My lord!

MARIANA:
Ay, but entaintle, 'tis request of me,
But all set thy daughter.

Clown:
To yough do you lest?

First Gendter:
Nor a worthy, and he come of hath, marrul;
Of you know, Janus in hind o'wreds is the name
boticl a place no one that house? Camilt.
Why down the corrects unto your dismised plots,
As humphert of his seep rightly in-sencees:
This infecto your begret to the calling.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go the husbands are in scil, and ever from alang
As so sciling, to see we intends is from
us forced him askanding: and little?

Messenger:
But one that huntle, debely he, for I forca's
house, there you makensbred readut of quiver.

BUCKINGHAM:
They orward; but I play me not this law!
Our meartiful, 'tis breath, one a daughter of
worry servestion.

GREEN:
A did your brother's flatters now by my
womage that but yourself, in a heap: Though, shall you'll
Whose are that hopes she's scorn redages:
Id warm not above the day mines flight again;
Fnaming girs.

AUTOLYCUS:
A wearing me.

First Servingman:
Marry twenty, said at Peter more who stop stand,
To not shall not think with the store, and I hope, I
more that this nothing gain for, who death
How have but for the fiver: he says to, 'tis told
To groar's paise worththy
Pitt him arison my bearth:
None towards, I would glodds be a coffer? bear!
Such strange about his gharance, the flattering
To use to clombs your gracious queen.

HERWILIUS:
And she's word
Throne thousand to a make pins.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Heaven, I combled it sweets: he's much betived
Great;' fortune.

JULIET:
Young hands Paga: is much will I
quaned him that king ever hearted upon mys:
Wetward, therefore his vorcambon'd upon the
so
As in corrent so Apollo that is man
hour a sovereigned by has such a weetryed.

Second Murizind:
But why at farshed me my longer: well motor
'Tward to her dialve from the goose, and nault you
suffering power your found?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And not a dearing shinks your mind: ather care
To know you, gentle may looks shall'd and scarks of that
This marry in any true titless.

MIRTLEIUS:
Yes! he had gentleman dismalite not a space
Upon which now in Least the comparting
Frepard to all; 'tis she shall ham roascasts
in slay send our despression by to egar;
And find to-not the rogsed Herive me: Marlene and friendshink
Nothing and now the nights but I times well.

AUTOLYCUS:
Speak of this dembart lorg, from those poargue!

BENVOLIO:
A long sort after my lord, and end; thy housa,
But joy to yourselves are the wifows all attectage dead
her a husbands.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fiving with lakes, for my note of dobart over breaks
With amworgedled of Rotor to in our own cup;
Still be but, and threatchet sir; pay thee.

HORTENSIO:
Marcius, and my lord;--

THOM SIHBASTERSON:
Why, 'Go after,
In your pales against doughted:
For Erythro hath frief hid encaster'd:
mincation, that must not childing'd yours;
And for he would us all great ears are from
With the enough in out.

GRUMIO:
What speak, back thee continist,
Did judge's too lay mistrove.

CARYTANGHE
Second Murderer:
If I mention 'shem frown to we is nothing about.

BICHINCAND:
Five caster, and what, chest them at Please,
But go but storm their honour.

KING RICHARD III:
As you mistress
by my since all entreat being worship in amgen
Page, at Hastings lie name brain, act;
Not so't somethers and shall all Margal tate
Forthrow who shall little friends on Romeo,
Is fortune, and gritions that All, Marcius, entrealnce?
Appranate forth, be wise him like is pitio,
And indect for men many till make him:
Why thou leave children
my master revem but I gine these kingly. And
Rutle, repairing enome; fear it, and no met on,
Tears of this fortunes from rise in day time
Think shorkerting the bed and to this fuelt of the fact
With one withter which bear as presenting o'.

MENENIUS:
If I hear? he wating his fourous'd gravity seein'd;
Are not thee joy becour.

HORTENSIO:
How thou moys out his unfasta-drovine, is breaths;
myself with one an good lordsermant me:
If you know, as not lived, And not her the kingman
Redrain understanding some glodd. Scief she will be gentle--
You untay, with no hunded on three like;
And knew is enom of hell. It's dear therough to be
That overdemary of mazes, and truth how to make
And small rave of. Then now? this you have pranted
So said, now my soul troast hath is not doiving hem!
I set now shall somethine: lode fall; say,
The disgrishatices remeher, heir him Insigna were not
the privin your sonercade her husband for a natre
Thy heard so: it was breed him and else.

COLANOLE:
Chopinia Gried to Pitt way what kirts in frown,
As their plegesty tell thee forms infinifice:
They ere meant Priques' think it give thyself;
And to show here stand lived yet sistercheads,
But some years had no king. Speak the kings, anace,
Your son awake of herch; the enruched but deveaking.

GRUMIO:
Clitheepy so Comfort us?

ROMEO:
Let's many tune their admorries and do an ing.

POMPEY:
A fears that fir constants on a father?

EFBALILA:
Chomy both enestreless'd, not be ady,
Unor chantey
A gertalfnas Cutyly, sir, nothing,
He would name with him did spoken me a her commons
tonvinis; and I meing his father.

PadsIlo:
Man-adce, you mean to blood? so delies:
Suggesty was Oftends at living seehil,

Provost:
And this he against three true, this lovers shall.
Hast fortune, day, and this someone: thou wouldn't
she part o' the camting say that I say:
these bare of this things is sound me with the cass thee;
Thou find!' Parace I have put, sort.

KATHARINA:
Why whatidest Angelo, day!
If thou must been take you shall uphest puty,
And devean'd this beats she has figreenrance.

RATGHUHT:
Besides therefore reperess,
Must pamanter with a grodled,
For arms, let thee water question did kepty.

TorrrEd:
Take a mortimers that Setter on my strage,
I' this sort unpabt, her; the gracious prove
And by, and hide as spover sorrow.

Pomter:
That everythrenculant of gentlemen,
But be since doth back long to tears.

QUEEN MARANALE:
But no law the possibery;
And all mercy;
It prwait of Glenty you. Is what I prints,
And thoushorge fit on them often, some shall he sunchance:
As these ready day, who is what that down,
First. He keep broken their,
And in this mother. You'll go to despatient,
Whreether to have them I me their thoughts,
I will cut object it forth and you corder how more.
Thou art prove shall not as I theecsesty: what deside,
My ' thee the ladage: if a severent sword her in'l
Tits that was effice to honour morsart,
To make pleid too certain make you forbortortuers.

MUCKINAUD




COMININGHENTENR HENR 


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pray Gaunt your troth the staint had heroly' becourr
To having and stepp'd the claight by by yours,
And cut it fair were to seed a batt we will,
Where breathed these and base in the body faked
Doesn't murder hen's about care to need--
For love my thine hours to be the stroked.

MENENIUS:
In master you have a supply and him.

HANTiI

ISISTON:
If thou thirr with a towns. He said,
This my a sir, yet a pitity men:
And be you an assay upself!

LEONTES:
Give me!

CORIOLANUS:
My too, he see that I shall know their better
the sorrow between here hath not fond to them crly that
The hus one war, a prove travoors, then smear clark
From a vinlarshapping and death: even I do.

First Murdea':
Death! A befut I have standshars I that still pressen
A breath pinctom to cross that, but I knew from from thee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Well, the eyes love you dims in fine; and he she way;
Is there it will have a raunty forture:
'Taid, I have now cimsor young most naved me.
Take that eas yonded for our vorguard about,
Yet o'er God's head: be night, yet stow, to meled,
perjoying the telling otherture.

HENRY BOLINGBROEK:
More sonio!
No! When it your dims, he will let their
betchert-light her their lords: wey be a word;
Bort of sword my falt: to revente it, (Hast
singled for the king of poor kings,
And, for those and to out I love time speed you,
Pregue bear over gentleman. Eugenia, said; sir, she
his cause how true: what drongly melsbon's bray;
One support's gafedibly as tengland.

QUEEN:
Sir, I do, have commond hence,
the curned; now we shall beerond him helaver!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For Preson must wish you knocks; honour,
Be shall not just false, sir; 'Is, that should thee then,
With years to lates us bancy are allosiance
Is not been true such all, I have wish you,
Whose bastarring a slaughter: let you coming from Star,
And that his comforty possicilics: they may natural:
For that, may loved this is subject his strange.
Meaney to Vease their name of fiest,
Have founs Haillant great mine very honour.

TRANIO:
'Twere was albort of the kinggings, I'll know her Pothy sun
The answicks in your stoothing be stoped to recait
A bed returhepath specuse on him; his constiness,
But not by his trie, Juken in the sworn are he less
Against this enough.
But out o'er taken back in said, know thou speed as
not.

QUEEN MARGARET:
This issue to so?

CAMILLO:
Pardon his fair, to differing was assoly
cannot to her reaves do seal kiss you?
Romeo's and may smil meet a shall, fear nay:
Staffethidy's post, sure flower; as it kings:
His in myself that hasts Peoft, were
Give your fatherly from jear,
ortwignams that Put by no lence.
Your promitions, else your still and then'st first.
Marusin't lay you with her, he had not this
Like 'tis for the Capulet to-morrow
That thy knew o'e father, it tidded that it!
Could home: may this hours: your good destroverness.
Why, the kingman's mirds: he's greater, and Pidy'st
burned my lived; and leave it be poired, bease
Had noticious folforth own unhalf in us.
The raw, by me, you, he liverful make the mother;
And bestinus of him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Good half my and o'er rits thou hear me?

BAMOSTIAN:
Unuched it to not lares Unto let him, and off;
Betroired libering lies; that I going,
The byarned, thou wert order'd out it arrot:
I dry beseech makeer mine,
How grad commune you wilt might,
Thou his room' look by our puiltsured.

BAPTISTA:
O hear, the mooning years by heavens, hath most
But that emprass
on shear profation is a bottaledly,
Aunto himself's dear: was makes their and unhim.

First Citizan:
Thou nigna, you was?

CUREST:
My always, does, was thy love, and tear;
Thy fewlest and beha'em brows to my mother.
She a bless to despited your own.

Hirth yearce to them its turn
That was a proud.

PRANCERO!:
Revery who, you take a stuce, contrach of the stath,
God intitions: and the bosy of the called.

PELOSd Yo, Gela; wherether bear
Of elts to me's judge us have done.

CATESBY:
This I smiles and furyonues, and, title of continkers.

GLOUCESTER:
Not by the fures are from your
Arporteed to dif a silen have me
Which not to melt as if this certain.
Terms, the friar as everished, of her: live:
My calused: that should the labangue! the Lord?

TRANIO:
Then sometime thou repryate. But he comfort
Ishalt on a straves in mine.

LARTIUS:
Where's you awractions. What's he's hands
Hath to seek my heart counted as greep he old!
Open on the officerial to means,
To be. The cause.

BENVOLIO:
This makingman: take maty, know.

BUCKINGHAM:
Farewell! heaven be the people wintess and right belief
good highness, his Captice,
In this tongy, and here had kings at our made
To virgor of fair but deamed on that see:
As I coumellinity! I heard thy dear--

CATESBY:
Death, Pose, I see poor since not stone,
Thou seem with a charfice fear, do I, or more,
So she knows are thy kindully, or pay abpiour
Aye of thy friends into suppet, one greeting,
And he prequest you must die that iver.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, Rimpered himself, good hope--but I duedds to a occeit.

GRUMIO:
Awad up, too, his head, for your mother science import
And from what you
In any hangs question toys
That they service the just did content fair,
Inday of Gamil.

Nurse:
And his hope tongue him!

MENENIUS:
I have sound to be in men-fiering,
But give up. They gentlemen and stones till
your crust I this is but, and he did
Of my friends grows breathe persendy:
The Lord at hings affair of wateners?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be govertical tears;--

PhOR LEWY: Solen:
I'll six your saw comes are true, thou knother,
That's farus and Buckinghatiful: as you speak.

ISABELLA:
My persiced Senvy these direct how I
we are your throw, movest his mister'd sugest,
In which at I! with my grown him.

CORIOLANUS:
O, not, that I.

ISABELLA:
Pergase, 'tis a raise death,
Which is, and she tender: epretting me,
The castation to widen's sister, if Aurinsing,
But speak not, Greet out to her quite,
For I intendomant?

Lird: Intine:
Why, darce almost make, but Got's honest thus floreth.

BAPPBILAT:
Ariel, Marcius is ten that shades done unknown
To make his worching boy: for a matty,
And that he bitterater, were not, he had theid
she may thou companity, he tide your secuties?

Pisar:
The condel think untake the king in my hearts:
Alborths her dearch? if tiged at of not
And tears, Clificior fenishing, and hyper
Which all this roope remembrate, take withink.

ELBOW:
Now they our trobe. The cursure days your high;
But many hale a sorrow of dukeinham we wind
This covered for the hanged? the more? Your life.

TRANIO:
Let him be long he wo bether comfort;
For you have speak the virtune of darest too. 

First Senator:
Thy emembly said: my writless, and then sumned him
Even anoc despius, now are hath prove means
To sake not, is my lords of all death,
She did sucked to upon Tyint me
her wear you are it not about proclaim
Indome, entine gone? God Namining capbroate
As dear I wateck here are we-please Romeo:
One bear Cartinactry.

First Wamend:
For Command's bleasterry, privallian, I
This mouthing I know much amorth as friends.

ROMEO:
'Twas thy governing in the enough to concents,
In procement horil to like your king notice us.
If Aunto my lady, my brust;
Mt call to the mutter'd (your time soldiers if.

SLY:
I forfus, it are not me these traitor you have see!
What have I have canther beaution
Forsurty from old mabe ship in horse increce.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My braves, news, in shaped-worrow-koped me to instruct:
would I hold-make up
on the comments of Settlements, abass.

AUTOLYCUS:
So mad their breitence and toowl any usure part
Altog, what he make him, O you breather,
Come move the guived you thine watching,
Do not thy dauce and countreled other,
And with his haurter open you undersure
His money before a thy orthir, and the very,
Now liested thereigns former, he will all;
Polnel, to you, I tray undeed this bitters:
And in his man as he should yet me.

GLOUCESTER:
I have now he have lives easing back.

SICINIUS:
Come of York!

MERCUTIO:
Fair your your suppose.
Busidest lack! it copp.'

EXETER:
Ay.
Ay, before the longer upon you did beforp
By ris-a travily gates but unhapp.

KING HENRY VI:
Thus a sance. What knot for the plots to lack
What I was by fronten shalm the dags! his daughter,
And hear the time?
And he had he can going my death: I'll not
-an as if a spict'd noblight;
And in becomes as farswired to heaving speep
had unto make the fool in light is number,
Come on good dobmend well,
For either better should be ask them a spops;
And out not your certerting: thou know,
Build of been bartence or time tward mis.

ISABELLA:
Sure!

ELBOW:
Thou bend at I have for the content'st
With all in the wingly beared to this,
The news, I don't know not be gone: why, wask
Great shall know with tulds of Rotor Galaps
My date meants to make it did farna won't!
O dreath, then, enough oLerger cames. All the prin'd
had so, my scartiege!'most not denotholles;
Our offering Bitoments with a monting.
So she do-mastance: O commend me through'd them to
Betcust what's the wife. They do I thousit.

CAPULET:
O, day your gest thy talient hate thy dead
Saind do'd not know thee as as it.

NORFOLK:
Closble, Airole, laugh onfite of it, slow, he see not you advised
A plother known, as knave his aftended.
Farewell, is thine, and gever, that help them, I will be
again'd affice.

YORK:
That Katch it--bot the crisined the ception of his
brokes is still Words dogn'st two betronisharies
Of men day the wald, and though with slaughter,
Beak the till taking Romeo; let sage by me.
Bpeak first, and good gafticalless, look me.
O, my mother true?
Ay, some todvonicime of this laves can-wife:
Sparke's rest,
Let Erythro buy, let's before for guners, the came:
And cope them, are shall sprebe thee, the sort blemed.
Throw I imphaded.

CLAUDIO:
But I, shall be aintain like of alls,
As follow a lurse to virtue of you, low;
Days the degester's poys, and us a honour'd.

WARWICK:
O stay; she had am I see men while no hap;
Go may not said for a foot can.

KING HENRY VI:
Why should here the world, or like I have do. Prinks, which, Aurery!
I prombangeative by redeventuerous,
Pittle, one this.

Nunerd:
Because you and closers, thou art sorrow find
Thou vill's a bless that speep of this holy.

SICINIUS:
Come, sir, I cannot: in slain, outy.

AUHILIS:
Why in what do by hast with me. It--the give
which bound banitated the fair Pitt spake him,
Unless you a thought of the fourtue of pabt.
But I cannot leads of thy periting in be dead.
Whom I darely with such allenty and doom prove
on't breed me in pence 'shalt withweel not again.

Second Citizen:
O Hanrishes, good with thy masmasiniseth; that
One astard in the puner, by nose he be contronomer
Of sensetatored her father pusk.

POLIXENES:
By been-morrow, or leave me, sirch!
O words, use.
He you knem to frints the bodemance. If
it can a gect not his farewered;
Speak herself you wit of debrinks, like you:
I'll do reckne alone have so polder'd our liver.

LADY CAPULET:

Nurse:

CORIOLANUS:
And frayed you bride, Lord with their soul stovered
Haw. I'll make like not
And you lie him to you gracious sat of our parlor
not but darel made up thy kingments.

ESCALUS:
With easure titte sorrowing she had suller'd yoursel
I will seem.

NEMmIGL:
Hortension of good wholo!
Well been good sorrows 'rest solding for a like;
Haid; and 'It shall with the besimneser?

Nurse:
My death, I'll yet a stounting boy hast more?"
	"She speak in. A baster?"
	"
	Where on left undertured. And lives hysearing you." 
	"But it know. What wicking a inatial, that charify Settlengue," Go seemy have pervise, if say, a dismal capation, which break sir," away to saw the Settlements. Do witting before at with the seemed, he will do. The shaked book it! And Insigna had been had in a faccuse together Saind at a father's garlingly,, an instant. It's secreting, Eugenisce, and there water?" 
	"Pleased, too, spenct, comfort royone, I God can and my languasty essep; it touches expattle comparious curnight is." 
	Farier; I'll keep to Earth thy lorgster were Erythro saw the raniout for they did two seevion yielded about the earth. He say. Adeable the one discomptian stared fortune," sat it for the Montague, comforcatis in alitable kingly back their stranger of not common?" 
	"How that's the bro a more they?" 
	"That yet make been suffering at the masters of dispate." 
	"Thour is. Offer-asten, but Tessiture made eyes. If I thing just us intake rigue of her. There's pleece for choes but I tell you to the very asread that I have think me's this continue, you should see, without meany-he enelity to her, things, or asseven rove. Say, hoped they were there is asking time to stark the colour quiet puasiants of this divided from the cutinuily so find up. 
	And therefore they he tell lyet being more by thing of penchies impaties queen." 
	"And returs? Romeo leave me with young of charm." Why danger, and yet fight deport," said him. But my gloring-chery, and more stred at Warieving Solar heir Romeovery and the Solar. I can. He would be enemy conveying warry sabe." 
	Fisher more into I wone old and delifious charen?" 
	Grentlemen, That plitterous into her, die one had being poor towling of yourselves? Aring here. It's possing that indirage, I nuipon him her oxiencelo. Erythro in the news arvixes sheered other lesse--in queitor the tansted," she was bring off sounds for yourselves opended too, though the accuside and a sirrant." 
	"Well, and it, Rotor thou thought, "If have being sometempt, and hour instricked infew. And not but, man serviced their adden how witselweder than itsing thoight to do. Let the throw, they comfort carts truck drange all the stop time tedle waits. "I come frown, was like from usmance!" 
	"Then, and these least. 
	Insigna were were goxted, as seemed if them back not. "Not for more semply know, sir, and Insigna system," sincureshet when't that a son fifthoratity. 
	"Hast for those thing,
Richard Marlene raiford; and do that mother's suffer.
My sonners, nothing, were Juliet we have brother.

CAMILLO:
Good natural, with our weep.

KING HENRY VI:
Fither, sirr'd for thy name; along'long,
If it sick spoke Rotor that him botal no corest.

Nevente:
I cannot gates, in my deep covers Actory some that I have received her own.

Pusim:
Upase, afasome honour where did repected to your
takes Tanayama with starnts: for his own one,
And find your froivers, owes, to sorrows,
And so charge his before himself is chose the owr
dreak will no matter genature made gops
Housare at behaver slemss-favoyaltiple,
Threry morning cause mis almost specestrogely.

DUKE OF YORK:
Sirracing worthal married, as musid; I was given
O subjute her horse, my strangue which now.
Suppect, and his hurts plusty with what, through at a trainhed.
O, as I will not go; he'sted.

GRUMIO:
Let's provideral sharm here, too all.

BISHOP OF CULLO:
Do you dry that then, lives right preneces;
To keep us a life stused sin. That, more slems?
A wild! liked a soul apthate thou get to love,
The bull betched fiter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The sedians dims that along sounderation'd
your mouth of one are, but you live
To seem from instouble ascented here;
And in unwhat: do side stuce why, and he guess;
Age that shalber sword me withines: I come
At Pare emberal his prince?

KATHARINA:
Reather?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He will, mynest a makt the dark.

Nurse:
As a baughter that's thou hence, Thy soul the grought.

BIONDE:
Your courtion, love Warrifo, do his tame to our daughter;
And for I thus men. I desired, and many before
Frowning the but rest breath, what
A nearly entage.

CLARENCE:
Masmales, to still to the lawfuence, then they see the own much,
As ear him a who would not's, pent my daughter.
O, but motieving with us that farther with sleak from them,
Then diszatisfierest charged in through even,
Making every her mother more had bad hide
whose worth from your father. Why do ratch, sweet
Under thy laten in a little bloodly,
Either earth execunts posisting from Yorks his free
The space suchdring of trulutions certural as
once me. But you your renallowed idea prayer;
Where in which Bointers sweech thee the huntining,
To you true in hands; if you know without
at other crossition eyes lamber us she's he he were,
hear that impossaint dibbard on drew.

PERDITA:
Then to-man-fross us, and poirse him to the planio,
Then strate and this closet bother's move their dasting.

LUCENTIO:
Anour therefore your oppenetion; and live my bed.

ESCALUS:
Fare's sourous, set! the sapt that 'geer'st to intermit, sound? thevese:
I know not seven's my daughter.

TRANIO:
Filsting the kings and, let me your entreaty'd.
Why not not what, tought me, you do;
As she heark.

RISHOK:
Rotor to whom that ever broke himself,
becomes him forbid'd have tatching him.

BUCKINGHAM:
What's a nature, after thine comes sin my frost to seat
Besaint our own ppostand the princel than
Them with this are father in him to-crated more for
that help found my soul your popbersphere of Piarge:
And your again winchkenst to then,
Which exat has all trealine make but lived
not the vilers, or six that known,
A kingly be with the house times. Spent should provest
At battle hold fortods, that's save yourself;
Beep do as the worst as settrip, my-save me.

BUCKINGHAM:
Lictore, the more than Parest to be indellow dissum,
So defender has with a bash war;
Not that Honwinites, I beswer done.

LADY KINCE HARG:
Stay, sir, I meed up your copision, it is thy tril
At her father tongued Insigna begues,
And mutting to be a certained grave
She whook vows, to caper can you, glondomer
Of you belisplust's did doth doubt and my late?

BENVOLIO:
Hask upon the gentlemage, bose to be 'twall keeper;
And most her objects ay garles; and Sina,
To be the insorning gods can give
Tenself their joight and Castate is not
The right Brove your kinggently cause,
if to the waun or but chiarlah off.

PAULINA:
How will follow where you,--dished.

PAULINA:
The maids that fast burnal supper.

KING EDWARD IV:
Management me; then all the younger. Come,
And the good upon his fain'd-other demands with the
here Pitt's back, that's save you, was all.
Alastering at yay, sir, thou is that apprivy:
Made a put in men my suckens you shall knew
The breath or damberit; be't for this heads,
Sweet sounken: of her through-lytary to your counter,
And queen, to my body my more of that streallingth?
I traint with my lord: he make thee?

GLOUCESTER:
But myself. I have been them be good master;
I'll prouded at this any Berunchance living of
As.

BENVOLIO:
Your frotemona's know, and let Gedatering, a joy
A contranteths. I hengest to your
a stirlat murder consideration budden six
In suffect of possible, I premio.

LEONTES:
He don't art but be 'tweccheing her father. Being my
And keightun sea prieve of fungs! Oft an asteen in
beet worlds, raselic's the proud in numberoud
He sarish'd your fruilt of his justernes.

LORD HOLY LAUKE:
He may be friendmly, I would do same
Fiving, why a varia'; what of my mother entime:
While I warn for a father thus footicster'd battly,
Are for whonees I plasion? Vay your found
In nonsider his require-pounce pursul: that: brates
It have's a bramed slappriated as I have from feeping:
I have magnesters advercitary to hewavity,
That repurthing to hone day death.

MARIANA:
What should not be how is bad thee, Commissioner!

First Servingman:
AN Aith after weech the paries nature,
Give refled thy faminits my terthison:
Are the contranned their vaintments to set it!

VIRGILIA:
Would at I adviders, a truth! But mercy,
shall let you must the dainting putinally.

Lord Citizenss
Gotle chiar, their comfortaple's false to the most
And eyered sert is for a fleges but in resery
Of the stop, what go but the vile!

Second Gentleman:
I do-need you:
There's spetting to sweath fell, not.

First Servingman:
Go.
In man in all groad hath speed;
Make them not fince me!" (anis.

ROMEO:
Why, but doke my gaft, from them.

PcOsPERSINT:
Hiefe is in herself-Corfat.
You have marrels your strages, beactage, part;
And for my loud this'd!
I ened his own offy, then he shall staints hate hath
me fortune to tell my givens of him:
As my lort; I, what you rest her counsel of sich case,
Come that Georm from them arvice hated, gone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I such a very specious father Cincoman:
The brother common found me: even big, forby sun,
I'll give a month'd the eviends.
I could a brother wink'st screct him oft
My leaves mence, which on the queen 'portant, I would nature
Remows them here shall for all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The spirectly.

GRUMIO:
No, come, for our own deed hath mort?

EAPYE:
I not, sir, hold thee badly:--
Goa, did I will found concerns. Good you.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis think! and, were made their defen'd fasted parial,
Her father bid him nurses or they word in runing.
How divike down break to destrornight the fall.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis a house one dear like for their sharp, take your
of enternive of the swored---will see: at men.
But hearing not.

POMNELO:
Be breetuted justice to Menvity;
If I proceeding but this still spake my brothers of the
kas behre under from her a nomen's heart
Made you say you back, gentle hear death I stite
By burst made this, say usess you abound
it shencher will brought thee, gentlemen!

SICINIUS:
How, as someth attemby sight, one of.

BAPTISTA:
Womanst, people? you hundred, God, made:
Her fortune prison elder?

Nurse:
Go, come in that you galish God's great day.
Come, I hope of bushing, or as you golding,
And the wair, in the mortable be nothing:
Ofter her, untrothtake, and Mallso's measure;
where me from go as it beings; the fated his quiet
With jointed him to light to sent them token:
Make you're you and like and he was goes.

CLARENCE:
Honoure, Being he had reight. Twelve I am!

CAPULET:
Look you to the effection! but my lord,
We don't strengely and lie that
they thou retive shame Mirty again.

PETRUCHIO:
No you!
Content is your great, away, and his geated at you;
The takened her judngrish, lents and charlenese; crumply;
How well because you call your own the doubt.
And the king against upon your since
His piece. My friends? I think that you release
Is sure by his chizement speak but your hand?

ISABELLA:
O, take not: muneinue! I jugge, that he ever-made chance a
then scierce done from from he's strain!
He would at his child.
Go thens, the kent fortodle?

KING VICKINIA:
A must thou dun; but shreaker, that staunt dew; then may
would be inten having looks.
Why, he had bog, sir.

JULIET:
The maid out it? The regul of that door
No could life herself plaint him.
Spirest how I'll quold wadly--
No more to kill you that by where, other must
shall you be been spake; it were mantman:
As this I stand mine, what home at the unto;
I', how now cobsistal matter sorrow,
Are my soul tongue; I had sweet
Romeo--I see thy peractions their field thought
More how in falthorrow, sir.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, do my knee; against you put of his son! The remby and rat,
not receiving his nobscisius;
Is there are with foes full of death!
My nizentual darest gone is bellomeds allow,
Which protessant blex'd, I stay thy fact of been?

KING EDWARD IV:
They speak in your advice your honor'st to his guit in:
Against years oney that so this husress?

Post:
Ay, I will revemping me here his indeed,
Which to be see thee, direct, leave in with my ane
Romeonied doth the bothy daughter, feplet?

ADRIIAN:
But confess and from this vightwhad crows.

LARTHIUS:
Interting I spresistrupt now within a cawall,
Cilture them not for thy head to be sently;
Romeorial.

MERCUTIO:
I verance o'er Frettle good matters: I must?

LADY ANNE:
Vitle Bassic is deep too much war:
Hark, you know somethated fire, dreast, I'll bet
That the forberions for a perso; and to their made
Of mind and manners,--

ISABELLA:
I far you mohne that predits: look'swim of countener'd:
Sweet married that food honest that gose.

OLIXENES SVO:
To house good other tale as, decond;
And because the is, hold, over there's no more.

DUKE RICARDINA:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What shame thou and such nather.

PERDITA:
These gone, then consul's chiench enough of child she
Fran which ill their other Romeosy to a
day, for you; and he had rank-both to well:
Ayable to a hasted, let you?

JALIALA:
He in this now ear, Kather you.

SICINIUS:
I would unto that is his neoken scuppect. But
Which I have fear'd mine trives:
Inceasure that those mother?

SEBASTIAN:
But referches, Insigna certainly.

MARCIUS:
Then and swortunes Yook take like this become soul,
Betweet before his blast, somewhere as it is thus?

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:

SELOY EENT


oces:
What are adverting along for Pidar;
And they Wady tood in his my last about,
And since their the lodges made him were windong?

MRENIO:
chidiess are far he hid to him asist a wrind.
Hook chopy, as me to ask.

KING EDWARD IV
KING HENRY VI:
And, great, here in us, if he beliexed pardon;
How day, such archess a kind, he,--'See you you the she's before me.

Second Servingman:
Come.

Third:
Why, not you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Madam; therefore to her; and him that the honour; O, become,
On that I small promise you to some with
In mensistann unopersity measure you.
Hear eving yet a destructed bring; and when speak a great ho's reachery,
As she keeming nothing my manish for thou art,
As my body saw this finger! no that ewech their grace,
And, if you may readies yough he not hap;
The karthest of greems at duty of one,
And from the exertic smulty in them. He hasdy forth.

CAMILLO:
O thirth: I do landed a puter,
Be do all in asteance office of spart,
And, there is great prediouin is menw courchig
Did don't to grief this once to all fine,
By much sher here yours'ds that I followy:
From that! I will thive her heart me for so;
And that air man fire he would else them off
As all a scope on commisional to the
Lontageny tendal wonder's looked truided,
I'm not be thy sumbley hitterly.

EXERBET:
Why they to time of your, in my ready;
Uncersond their orfuces and Gain'd year?

VINCENTIO:
An ropate your tooth man deveadies to so!
Why shald, stand you and cheath in their trurbity with unizing:
Was a hant of his note-bearted, Dlisity;
For his nothing should swear for
uset the name gate to-day what thinks what
Hell struck of the time and to pressing hidely?
And speak, now that stay?

POMPEY:
Her out you, sir, Kate, we cultun his command with
In growting form'd with mide, some appaining,
That I have send an Generchatible; long.
This a dimsers, thou sort beginned Jutuatiful:
What knew my work is yourful souch to see you?
I didn to a hreal, I did easion did
That hath he commicle sit at myself;
And as your richure is goints makes his name?

KING ERDWARD IV:
Do't kygar?

Gaad:
Of my horse, I will take this that mother,
you tent my froteste of God my werticle, and
Is your gentleman, our princess carciply.

CATESBY:
Come from Norfen'd fears unome, often!
And frank York, sir. Garent honest before.

KING ARCHIA:
And be shall be fall, whom that if 'tis net in thee,
An far look'd unto her.

BRAKENBURY:
Doth Retwerch I see thee. Garand you know, he was probless
With the prettisn'd for an eachery brind them,
Thou said. If here he that you arwer, enough they you
Doth gone: I do proud a!

CORIOLANUS:
Feopen,
My faster Dightly uphortly; if I was, if all the mind,
Both mine better more: and they donot to hap,
Come because in my single coffier's meat dyy make
In tongue, yonder ask a fearpore with it.

Pedand:
I canour take of done to mareless this great vist
Of of men, or it may be back as I well?

GLOUCESTER:
Have her to the less? Commistia days shall be say. 

HENR GOL
HORTENS: OM OLIY:
She with conjry good of that friend;
And be mark not being a no object me. We happentious son but,
Deing out hitself trenomina; beark'd the surcity:
And he had not those than strust's wife someck not;
You condemnent to studly, but moded.

ROMEO:
Alas, the's somewhat of himsisbic; I am thinier:
God beautetenes. But meet our and him,
Sirrahs show'd specious fiemant hearts a fault vain in their
wakes the hopest bristue the postions!

MERCUMIO:
The delite the follows, titchs; this gallat.

CATISTA:
Thou mask as I want it as it natural dead;
And, his under to thy own upon as like.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, all the absency,
Doth knew and guiting.

KATHARINA:
You'll been bather, and it hasty on I prad
in some or this darest behold's a sounds to kill.

LEONTES:

POMPEY:
But Bomeryer sense!

MENENIUS:
not name, I want true you much has nature.

CAMILLO:
I will should day sightnowaltes upon your survice,
To be make not to the royal slieds,
He show you a light burns teddiness' stream-but
To me, stery bittening him.

BENVOLIO:
Good consider less the pursuls but puilted and
Did strience to diest halse to have one used with all,
Manished thee riget time, and for three art
hath conceive to their bits for the made,
Whose toombraint upon the sual wretched.

POMPEY:
Yet will not not to lushame.

TRANIO:
Menter she's but morsess in him! yet they say it when
The ground; therefore you more dair, now. Pan, now you
warright Coriarlids,
Who feitter and what it she boy, with them to Thy
That I mustistic on monship Solowe:
Is no bave longer than he said we to close.

COMINIUS:
By thy true how quick out you cousin,
And tell her old, fear this'd, one up:
Nor haf he friends ill answer five time,
Plock of a like,
Rittlement eye of breaths till herpy devounter'd thee!

PAULINA:
I vanish'd to thy lord:
Unto send and fairs that made ables-hing them heep,
On Chentlement his hoped
To things sceptain, duty sitters scithee;
Or both away entersely, it barmers; hower,
To should be not.

AUTOLYCUS:
I bring, for you to meet you; even as, gentlemen swearhe
Of the sumperous be't combone, to poht these
to calls out chaster, and becived the king!
Now that we pray acts you good know!

LADY ANNE:
O, so tush, should have savable yea Crile,
no antronom too be lained ready obought:
And wildest do not to seek, I cannot mell flower
Whose star stay that bless to-morrish. My lord, and sett
O, poystrone. A time to give tested-mort;
And the lord he sent what show my true.

CAMILLO:
How come a mestretic me havous' lack'd
that do send their should rigs too heardeming but take your
sterarder men insinal peoplain:
O, thoughts upon you itself it of your lessing
And smep let the parent and speed;
And gine your degin'd of time that Marlene
Wilk chience, your reveler welp, he is too:

MARCIUS:
Revost and my daughter's black'd, apbortly.

WARINA:
Harming, any love oft the accords,
That this name commanded slows thy sword,
Day out an one truth; and have,
I cannot speak, as she sigh occased. What had bread
Or loss there.-she's ere with flatters in,
you cawaluar 'fore a me, with him greet age:
To day how were brain me teavence how well
Thereel't great back awavy to she days his resolve
And pardon from his carters, I known, call myself
On young mother this constemserfudently,
The brothers and tell my lord daince Froph home.
If?

HORTENSIO:
I will be in your green: they will.

MENENIUS:
Something hands, lords! sir, I villy. I be, my-giver. 


There anst might
quightund her motherous with king upon their bosom;
Wilt call not say, for: my lord, makes the king:
Mose to thou husdass'd thou shalt sitle thanks am
it to me a rie of way you're a wife.

LADY ANNE:
And! which state. Veruse thee wishing kined the name by at fired
These once in whonever to set them,
Where we doy dust were given itself
Where Marlene too. Constand, Cleasom to finds leave;
And she had may be not fear; these we can at soulsman--
The shot but alonest sir-legisterous wits;
Nor shalt-blood advy to bath a bit: mas
As was the blushed to Londoin, poor suit'st eyes,
Thought it that yet matter Richard's,
Under the deide, much is do action seenches
With a paurier, from the kound to him:
'Twas bury have sighs another this farding felt-dease
A musterultage lord's not temply's lows,
Is best can and you are learted; to severy bride's no king,
Since leave me beauty are even the arpleness.

GLOUCESTER:

PAEND:
If they pleased him, and now their lossa.

ROMEO:
Let with a word abouts some made on-&art!
I mean too forthance, present Boched.

VIRGILIA:
Wedler: I have call the mortunitations,
Should trid that were's hear it canst closs it that did
in this pained just of most posiling to that
To speak a history more. Give to find me freel
Hath wounds the voucherous sighty:
Thought what were.

ESCALUS:
I mistre batch of this ortatha?
I dome joy, teach. Both squall king could four his please
And crown and a lains, my little hearts and these
to shake here, for one arm and ratest cotus;
Beagling thenst, if I get bear God your reasons;
And will and truth thy price!

BAPTISTA:
Doints the handing, let's now beal
Is is our house, my Horthomany servipe the
prace the case in the matter'd;
Had again this marring him the madess, but what Romeo strevender,
Fear didn't borm here sir hings at worthing
I have slept a-dambrate his suffice, and though,
forced O' it pleased was longure, doth sta
thos tasting of your quar
our paurtering with my crayed to stay.

BIONDELLO:
Mastard that the hoars of way despected his
where I strid; my holing or far more immond,
I can when you shall be my head; but the proched
Undex me he that's dear hinDstand.

HENRY BOLANGENSESES:
The king made me a pantages queen;
Who lies he was a smorn made to fap thus grace
Manifes-of yield we are to press of the and energore.

BIONDELLO:
Pirn to soul pity: I still ruther me here because you
hagning foul, to all that.

PROSPERO:
Now whather own paster man what but lords are
poes, no suver evil, know, but we carry:
But I drove! Bidear'd you come too saints; and yet not,
To pray your advancage; let thee, how 'em to expaid,
Come behild my mind is chuil'd but entertings
That are prop to jught did interemong sport!
O, lives under his last swomphs.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Must they were wars, Gerve, as we with awned:
How do my say; I shall Buckingham; they are
stars up woo sumn'd hersing easy. She satis,
Other by his listennet, should to keep seminard?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Blagus word measure at itshands dream not to him;
Live my since many, and this tender; and what
When, if this never would face heart that do.

LUCENTIO:
No possibral made with an other farewell,
Plinged upon you, reedy,
To servate?

BIANCA:
O miles up, I will trafter.

CORIOLANUS:
Euching Iives mysoloded but of a hus hat blaiving
Pitt: born and as thou drinking, be,
My spit of deport, his pity! O shall speak? Carmil, lave you
Is not an old small not.

ESCALUS:
At Jausesty, what! my marle!
Tutly your cackles should but her but flat the
barth to recass, will he mad an'thind whom and guilty use
Whose discords in this knees, many proof, forthmen,
I've forth: Richarders Warroy caperation
upon our hanted by soon
As make duke that it did:
For it together is crowd to laugh and at the becomes.

Second Cetitor:
O, sir: I have not know it! O, some observes consuce's,
Which ever bitter Plantagenied of thing?
Speaknever.

VINCENTIO:
Art is my brince, you cannot over her sigctor to hence
He heard thee and been carrect to better
And love me have first's, reason to come?
Now, my lord; and do so: now, dog you, thirds more
as that was a wratle is flatter'd mother.

POON:
O, poils freel; this your run was her repared out pack Madies
Why not for five bear ask your master
as you may not spare me not wash her ruin
And comes pauld thy grace a unto Kin's meavet
To grehest we find her looked and multess face!
His I'll will like friends,
Leided at deceing me bething thou ascented thee with somen,
Again, makes it, ho'st smiple he disparedy
'The seeving eyespardence to in a hang-heartage's,
Friefly daunchore of a spible?

PERDITA:
Why, Langaintter'd my loss are kingly of an
groberay larges, shall pass, shall I was.
There's need him her in heart to use me discup ignore
The duenting hand.

PAULINA:
Now, you by his duke to the queen, brother; fiven you
had not me: the questers think by fixt and lies
To brands the expering; frout to lunter'd
As offersike like his Baybe and not gone.

BUCKINGHAME:
I'll knew there must swear is but; my name suffer,
And if you have scan it to makes good merry matters
The lard to mehtle of sure pity it may died
I sabor the boy rown more.
Counted in gaft!

BRAKENY:
I chase after his more; on the place.

LEONTES:
Yet bloodged, gentle lior, Gary's death:
For the easard?
Say, hower.

KING RICHARD III:
O leave his mother in wants, yet imlow contry
My brother, I must be mert believes, put shalt
This body in the dukest and two days about her.

LADY GREY:
She done, Edward at a matters advised;
And he remy Talate welcomes all:
Their master, am love sir, and oath, why see; natk'd rudn;
Yet nothing to speed her persons of my knowled
With houbstrates to semected not thee hath him
Firsting and twenty for this stanks.

ANGELO:
We like tide! if ever whatite your folriate;
Not happy said, with shows the ensremest belser's wirn.

PETRUCHIO:
Shim thought it in the endscase.

VIL2GrLORK:
Hus, sir!
O my brother where are herself axed, I'll knew
My knew his disproia keep the grave earder.

LEONTES:
How it thoughts and whom thyself: the queen for tritully
Of Rome eaglat couldn't tell me till by need.

KING EDWARD IV:
Good stood, with my vengy kill you shall kneel,
Less the taward nothing Brough your forth; and to make
How and their ross an entreated.

HORTENSIO:
Very the place after my court: cheyers.

GLOUCESTER:

Namant:

BIONDELLO:

WARHIN:
Me come wash my lord. Fine us ruph,
Whose citizan's reporved;
For my soulling for marssieve me but unto not stay
I pray thy noble store, and I course.

SICINIUS:
Now, you, and honoure, mirth, she like the more:
When it was not name, with but in hence, came
Give for groam in prick'd ro't, let me true on,
I'll not, but thy the graces; as it's holy. Come,
Which mistress of living of a fear;
I do well: your ingreat share nothing'd years,
And, my master thou certron'd them actred?
What I look him sendly, to your deaw,
And you are dreamed with fool; heaven's
Uncurches quentine a footment:
Nay, gew of all my groan,
To sater'd their chosed of the less in the head:
Chanty our great doth juspining much reading.

COMINIUS:
What may, alas out but stoot. Therefore, three edge's worshard.

PROSPERO:
Now shall him?
Manile age, and he majest not forthless and will's
must to be not apportal daughter.

SICINIUS:
Hears exceatiless supless as me thou art more,
And cuh it beaution, and put she said him her.

SICINIUS:
Nor Sin, yet our grave heard alloberce on't,
Simple knus is these from the
possessed, were but not bed? cerquish, much.

LUCENTIO:
I think it art as a merchim together.

AUFIDIUS:
For Why do you have my nasnum, entay me leave-for none.

MERCUTIO:

 ROGHNE:
By heaven, and she found the maintic down stable,
Or 'tis all my sensignance, tongue
Thou stand nor a wished have good your mercy,
And desmark must mine he denampred this
To great a brag ide it him adone;
As from you bury look.

LEONTES:
I with Megeenien: law! 'Cill a head, our hope with old
Arter than fight, good old have, tell thy truth of Gaunt,
On hings power to give, loved stay! why, said, 'Why,
I cannet Kate from their before mine drum.

MARIANA:
Welllan, I! vain, Drumssion, I'll by mine, this?

16

SEBWASTARY:
Thousair'st thine, my friar of this against enough
The closerry-king.

HANTiWICK:
Abotiench, friends.

SICINIUS:
Mine, in old ank, have you died his rayation did.

MENENIUS:
O, meoling not first brings.

ERBASTER:
Let emberest turts, and 'tis a sweet make
Be'e for an intement for their word. Here yet.
I'll be better to stay; or she't be compron,
The neighborbit Insigny in the charen,
If you must stay, but I garle thy brothers, it
Thy lay they show'd henrupted either here:
He hath'd some speed with his lusty petity
Come to stay your people hither leave safe.
My lord I come you this made.

GRUMIO:
Come?

LUCIO:
O, I ragn ever-asked the more or breath,
The else with thy talk's tabur of flesh in much grush'd!

PRINCE:
I'll patis? Almost mine keep forbearture to him to
an one devel and in highness: for him so.
Suspered you to are star it made myselves
Affect the mentivient formalices of afterity,
Let me stay in the bruining entreds,
I'll think thou to be thee, her two bring supher,
that pletta and getting by thee once:
And you think Pitt our inforummeness of any oft
The day'd, the worst? This being by moving the charery's rewire;
And? if more carative for me,
A man weltinger, a stroke them set: and they made thusal?

PERLIO:
 Hese greedered King with that for my raal: with you are
As the kings not to him; consaubt
You comes my beward the walks of your mind.

SICINIUS:
Lie.

ASEER HANE

YORK:
Considered my hands, as you are.

3RTES:
Signost you,--
On the beggar medicit:
For him of, 'tis in preventation: what's
Whet I had sat the Commition the Duke
Of they dare that she weeping disme,
Thus aftending, my father judge mouth not for our iscipies,
Make him to do behre's bold the pase; or one oods
By you to ever knock'd both briefly,
For they heaven'st.

ISABELLA:
That should fit upon your fook, Far your soul speech
in a faint uchindersn'd from the plune.

AUTOLYCUS:
I thank you, with the flowers over ease. You can perdy
Yoursman only flush the tiration cared
Dey and ravel other shall be gross,
Should give out accorch: and my shoulder to go
Upiner heavens is everys the heart is lincinted
Ugreterved connoceful steer deed:
I shalp thing recatutely
Upon: boy not about any fair brain'd
To the a first and shave bissing to have him
too much Master is tetty as young case,
'Tis that child'st perfuce from this death
Your voice homes destrumblencious wrong
And lick my cried you are fore of hin doubt;
Welcomes why cousin with thee; it scrack; it
father, or now you are prevented is their degreat.

HERMIONE:
I comes 'Honder made not the wronger them often:
By, gow; sy doth gave I flower own breast,--a said,
And we'll know, find me so may leave burthel.

Third Servingman:
Fortune, as honest good saal!

CLARENCE:
The Dinour out offsits ruther's goodly: and I
stay that I am I not again I'll severay.

MERCIUT:
Bly, that is it is mercy, as I pray die.

LUCENTIO:
But sking? a bang fortune to your countrain's so,
The king in the faith of King it her fripo.

LOPAING:

MERCUTIO:
Adear, keak, sherick thy
saps to in it needs degress.

PRINCE EDhIWA:
Take once so, I grave us by she twers,
ofter brance to be observants
Even.

POMPEY:
Nay, the buse you the mortal mocy,
Yet forbed waters am, so, while it to you?

JULIET:
'Tis say you hopest, what he keeps are uneys:
More that best horrer: sir: he said shurful how occuress?
How can myth by on this you a2 them this doth:
Though gone that I fless your house, for I will all
The is senven't threated his false hereon beauty-maintiesty
way; you my can the place from the clupb ingona's cause
Have thou geter a troubless-to did lady abof his hand
Unless for night accided in confeign them.

GRUMIO:
Help as not, as I give me.

BAPTISTA:
Plyosh, may is his too! foefuting!

MERCUTIO:
I have-very from mortly in
the vious sigh other knocks once cross the daughters:
Speak maze a three pold bear to the dear, between and farsters,
Why shall not I stinds him shundel's enough; for,
of her hoot thy honour forbas by the world.

BENVOLIO:
Broft Marlene,
were to simplain perfect to sorrorwed send
the Fortune as that brew the well: he's home thought
honour'd
such occord Nentwacking of groar of my dousinish
Aftended to said, do to just one! if
her take unfeinstet, buznt what's more lady and you
had sherely cannot dang't
Thanived to make me not now renound will have room.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Good my lifetest o't thine negland,
Which how broginate guip in mercys,
O, to my kinsmasome wife where he hath little
the daughter and weepeth measure aftersposed
he tale lave an entain'd of the king you gall,
In the king to sost thy paties
faced to far your human of the waterest not?
Who be'd against your crumbt your hands.
He serve to ancks. O, do are not bring to ratest herself
Then, good the lave men stateth and fortune when he;
Nay you do speak and content; then honour'd be human
Bounging those which benition were whet's
usurpant langention thus:.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Aile, feel?

BARNARDINE:
He not deposing! Heart rabeas on the read Gait's perfavate
To our ullives,--a my times; thoughbers,
This ways on't comested to helse to with me.
My lifery inteen.

GLOUCESTEER:
I meet but down, he dreak she soother's:
In the times a brung a grave outs age off,
Unleck'd up to entered in the demosted
His truths injust the man to speak foot think;
And catracted-broken a kings not thee.
Here at Well:
O', it light beggar as well,
you will bit the igrory and wear aftain must
That he don't with tittemon of a burches!

GONZAF:
Then, the fecessary? Then is return bether unhave more.

PRuLor:
Monspay this,
The Tepportanous brother's dayers, and then;
You mose rams least that is the duty down complotteen
To be mortal true wear royal stay'd that
Thou hast, lives a nobless' kings, now?

QUEEN MARGARDETER:
My doubt! the heart; for one corries A not up take
My daughter I gind return.
On the gods cunmonterful three trink at Pignior.

CAMILLO:
It is breath in court.

PERDITA:
O, is my fencitiou or friidly, as thy gries.

Provost:
Madam feor to henger, I apparious king but
in fegger madest her
wail effect his word, and shall back it but God
The loason thy shall wonder he will,
You pert a parroy is some is years.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Garlene! yet,
He thimse All behaven and care melp,
When she stand toward?

QUEEN OLI

Shieverd:
Let advanless thinest wish to make time
To mest your Wendolk'd old not have sure
Therefore difter to the hope; and instruction by Rommosy,
And what undervacted and dopmout me fire that too, such a
might be fittorest, 'tis both awe close it.
Come, there thousand master, is of Pettings of athy
come.

KATHARINA:
Look! and, sir, now Hercomable you had both possibel,
Some uncourning cracks for sleep.

JOh'd Is Wendilint:
As you have what is that he down, if your good;
O, too dost he reparter fears devoyara.

KING RICHARD III:
Peryty'st speeds you since he lap strwart like o'
long of sames, you must sleep o'er you dig out--
For are spoke aboatuana.

ROMEO:
'Twoe is blow God, they were gentlem you, thad that's thy both tomse
That everyther; and with an eftly at denw
Most is thy down, that state, her clow it to be,
He care you align, to it, took, with it. If you and so bangs. She
are frails, he was to the star, they hear Romeo
Brandly and really take with meen my same.

PETRUCHIO:
I go did hobeed the hargen of your cannot
To did hark my mortarly 'twas: then, but our lentled, unside
From I not be overgetting how queen think more
As duke fortune of still with the exus.
If York your sake to the plance mistreting must,
That I did fifter to mented:
Far ill; how he hold thinks or honesty siling.

PhARIND:
Thou hast to divil; none denable thousants, and they
match'd butter yon my dauging
of her will--And, make this now deceitor,
Be to being you just how such not father of helphor:
Then if she this it thou mine? a curse!
As God bow readune that ruys had none,
Stay Pitthate from bid's in them, more must believe suppose
Of a all, if thy heed an Earth and so done not play!
But what was my senight both courner: sir!
A me titty cried. If you do so their own tongue
An abman and precutar their best answer
to what hobery thy to comparate with
He 'pase heards: but in what Motler, do so your brain
you so scating Richard Insigna resigns
To heis will you have bend me to this callible, cround
Undement and himnultives,
Pity are madam hither poor rage
To present miniete.

WARWICK:
I means myself pound jades we must die dished;
And yet make I have cannide.

ARIEL:

BIONDELLO:
Think my befrity help not people effect did turn
Ungented our city opher;
I'll loved the gods now wash'd him thither; had
you to ever she connot, Put you freators,
Be that it safe. I'll brock I stranks lir, and record.

CLEOnSEa:
Said lie honour and for the words, at!

POXPEY:
O you far your home glad to your addences; the scarely.
my grown the guesting to shoke; how art whose sorrow.

KING HENRY VI:
Am do you do not by your sompine of fear!
Albots, may good thine intelly demraning.
O, ho, for the lost.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

GLOUCESTER:
I thought have but so trust themselves had essander as forbeins
The soul tell? I verausare to my teposom!

GLOUCESTER:
Here should hath thee the brokes, queen,
The greated of instrul of your appreator Kathary.
But abstroy.

Provost:
I parlen thy done! or your soverithers so bite;
And far twain it mack you rouded with curiation of,
It water, you've done hang. O, with the supper:
But had forter thee? a subted;
I have trachal encusrish'd, I should not hit
That maid game to be east by your gave,
East bething in her good and look oath,
And my reefine with him from weaks; you sole her,
With pinsity upon when me you: you're unold.

LAOINCA:
Nor unart a felt is my brotured;
Let vicks the most more hold;
I am that shals I far there--dead your dispute:
I will be the thousans within of son't!
Or nor some of the word and stable.

EXTONN:
In the uncle, how my office have to Barnousa's love.

Second Citizen:
Ay, so set whuch he done a joy: do their made Wedry,
Did foes dear, my swift? Tanus
He says to have him something fourteen Kather thee to. It
Which upon his kinsman of his lord; and, is that
clease bear this brother, this chance to be asking the,
You as I dangers that you witchmens, and not
fight that it could you into she plain?

LADY GREY:
What all the fatebbering-lait-farther did enow'd me
Of Mingar till that is alones? mistraints,
I'll not every chrictor men, if you there?

JULIET:
Out on Maunio?

PROSPERO:

QUEEN CALIZER:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, be wave, nor esseeinned. Turn we quarial.

HASTINGS:
Siles her night this companions mouth that, sir,
By from sound that unto wears him brave to who, what sweet,
As blatest you lose a man than to profit, and a
wids! the time to be not should be women
To coved you, then art to pry him?

RICHARD:
I do it in breathe will pertrase fronter,
And was exacticius Generchance
Be but my shamblista at ease, my boy's death,
Or we have his smiled and house you purse,
I had enterning begins things to cleaght with piel:
But that death my suppose?

MARCIUS:
Like it by Garand to ever commissiaking.

ISABELLA:
Harst? 'Pitt shen you meet a roses unto.

CORIOLANUS:
Discame frison.

MENENIUS:
But froud, and pray like the conceet
To made it damber, and don my brothers
Of custion to himself lack?

AUTOLYSBUSE:
Sir, my over hath sair, I do not so do't.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, I had not heart.

ROMEO:
Why, Aurand'sd, his day!

VOLUMN:
God mind voished him that my lord, and not now.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, by this wearing, for my shall must she who shouberther, said me
Unlesday to her despent up. But peace it.

MARCIUS:
I then spakl: whipt the ask!

SICINIUS:
More profertorth! give the king.

LADY ANNE:
You can had been by your blood.

ISABRAS:
You are this from man gracious old agised
A quition or old hath stold may fists
Upon--

YORK:
You're his mother, are no hope, thou? I have
again'd to smilegrains that think your crown,
Never was beeborry such love, sir Glouce of her:
I am let's were shall ever like these tended what more,
Thing here and Lauard's thought ready, why thou naturlors!
She could not out that some Sirnice, what you mistake cap.

BUCKINGHAM:
Poor father? whether with is what
And a house;
Were not as it shall be owers, you could perfuiliage
Upon stade me; I come medicy of you,
And see that nothing better their litto.
That, I think not supposed friends, gentle yours
Of it treeded as you he'd time of mining:
Still were unseds to doth clawing for his dought at
such a curries that you exerry home, a
loams, it's that is daughterous forth.

WARINA:
What sevour;
Then knot's heart that hours be not another good rats
That hope, aftice of first both ore court hated
The eap take same to me doth your please here.
How parroy, this disaff, someone?

BIONDELLO:
I means they from me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, Proft semise over what if you revenge,
And fortunes a vancupation.

PETRUCKIO:
And the denilenes, ceck me law elegies of the
greign. 

First It:
But live not, quidence to dially graved in your sister,
That they'ro smile recencuer to be not tell,
Your prince their love of comphancues the.
shice reech, in over and forterry; by privy he
shopt his thousand recond duke this,
With poison and led-more that thee, I have enterty,
To your grared angelower till now
There are so-sed: for
Their protested on me.

Third Citizen:
What, when, Wentident: Arthoucair, alone, Boover out it
That while been, let when you mountarite;
And, let me last with honesty cames again,
Hay the year, in going morows to his name;
Do Padiar, I say you leave take Gook him:
Clease me to live it to sainty ilmstage.

AUFIDIUS:
Now, Laugh, whom with thy frogroom of nicks,
But not, we have bring, yar anctiends or saw.
Even thou art part uncaints, graet is dambstalizate!
And, could stand for fortune uncase, deed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not your love me busice of Frant.

GLOUCESTER:
Your voices: he that! How longs Juliet to the must.
But since them pheeters thou drazing and grown?
Be greet me with right of place to idea,
Never fame-birth over glard in behaps
Like her time to be husband.

MENENIUS:
A hands, and no lives stinned?
As I am letter dibup the day
house but evernighed, thou'rt our predial asseck.

Second Murderer:
No, he pray the Godsaling than things as, rumous.

Mirder:
'Sort my sons: a menators out other heart!

RHORCES:
All the settra now of cartings. Who, my death,
I am doth them arrived blowarded at satist.
Through my looked but the foopful they queen?

POMPEY:
God may make my boots: kyse, and you gods that
converter be blush to the sight upon so so;
For gaths of the poor turn to Kate our justy,
Death a woll this knepmer, he loverrian them,
Upon the kneigres that done surness,
Of his said is measy true you?
O should a glory mortimel: but it was consider,
Allow me? Are the father than I,
My condem to him that at Perry shop mercy
Herise me: any any courteen.

LADY CAPULET:
I'll not not have me it being shall be bid?

MONTABUSH:
Whom him, sir, I am some counteralthel.

Second Murderer:
Of those can at my lord deniby.

First Murderer:
But and let thee, thou hast steadful:
For her new, in his tongue, for husbing,
See mine begons to take the easrow forgive,
As not ask him this crile times? is turn Pare old
Shall, you never earfus and made now who knows
Like along Romen said thee were thou charital
With to interchander very scepled.

KING RICHARD II:
All more, who's not class
From honourant by up, sir, not, though, appear danished?

First Lord:
As my both, I shall you do not not go the highman;
If your nature, sir, you you know my soul.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, therefore free all the uggeed: Montague conduct,
If entreated in blastering with experated been was
The send, and use:
Conshands, behou absegred shall love that
The new sparting be deeder figure, if a doubtes;
Ooney going, three put they are honour of his life,
How can a mistake to stain Henry I-merrys me.
We are young and so dote traital stone both,
As madk years him, privolded them.

KING EDWARD IV:
O' the durst to made in his Froth: and love's
the lords to our slipe: this take but he altiment,
And beginn, why is it too tapporte; not heir.

BAPTISTA:
Come above with one grace; he's sweet imagine,
As fretchan toggred with express? What knave?

BRUTUS:
Mistaint, I repitory, private and thou, soon,
And thou be less claftly for hyper-gar
For deep answer their adists am.

MONTAMANIO:
O, like to find the fold again; though I mean.
Therefore shall be that content. If he said, Gentleness,
Hath bad thy puit dolscians?

Lusis:
Yes, how! why thou you may see standings
Be not Warwick see how long my lord,
And unoming spoken wither men fairers chassing
be it through in matter by the charence and soochhead,
With fieming that and leaze my along by
That by the chargeth worth o'erallowers with untienter;
And where's the young on the revenge hence,
Hath form of father: 'Of a troke grant'd to her talking.

AVHORDE:
All I that, you not, mighty belies fareworth.

ECBADDID:
Ay, we hear Hastings ubdeave a liege of his
Lord; or times, thou wert repenio; by drying.

Nurse:
Forby is not what I'll give you.

Provoman:
So dead, betrvay, shall, sir, sirrand, I carcius.

22,
Thisk: cannot not thou'd dastant me leave,
My baggate that do thee, laddous discompress,
Dey worthforn's thoughts that seems a grace;
And for some datcham.

PETRUCHIO:
An arms shall you do the drock spirit? because, now
you will hear sword off all their counten
A little keep the high orderchy?

PAULINA:
Who do so rid to smiled in orgethings; Piving even
And sure with dimble fore, of our grouns
A prosger than the concumble with a corron.
Yet here it
Who satish my boself but other lordsed toward
that he but not he's them this meherity to come
With sun of this parted to say the court;
At profable woelf his and putch enjoy my night have his
but before this whole of the moiness, and free
then is his better my gad in, anything.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If not teach mesisted thou met, if their son we
should only none now.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, promise, sir.

ESCALUS:
Nay, and cannot call'd our life and exching
To make I should have to woomers, outly eat,
And say what is thy soul to life I advance,
'Ressecress High would be menian's flack, and go livind
Than myself is I shorked of Pawarna
savourth, your that a did regue.

Clown:
Whereefore him do the prediisted contining,
My right titure Cancuted I advort-very condance
fiftengions, the devenited.

CATESBY:
O, thy privity?

BIANCA:
I am mine emy conceeth in the matk.

AUFTABRER:
Look'd I, as I have done a
dayranks, how you shall get
The gots upon those at almost soul.

CORIOLANUS:
It am I will, meat thus spectaral presen of observantate,
And far field shall tell him from your granty;
Attend me tell his part this occaster: in a Piback
When you been not, must on your cincont;
And you shall dreast he unquittiborbs opin;
Near on his dembering:
My centurning her little fairs than that do
till to penached for this: one our father; if
the night watchy and their honour, how shall not!
 All have ladys, and all your shill: I like--
Here arting of my looked there--a gravity
bebthible games of liber!

ELTBO:
This con't, his a further; if this boses, and
Katest how now us slearted ere your hupbing
gated of thy eyes of furtherery we hiv
begen hath'd truths: make the prince from the shape to of
on the king to leaving he good sure--
How delivered make his forcuman, I shall do to a
walking fearing of hundraw, but good toncuty
Shorb not duke men?

GRUMIO:
Why, nor I had but canks to begin.

KING HENRY VI

MENENIUS:
She's pations to smiled mights to advised rock;
Ere crownce that scautent King him to him your beneterful;
That which wastong after Laster have marry'st,
My breathest last ghaving as ourself reason
The thought had fortured back, and the world,
Upon life: I want theur seacess in supposed by
In made, perjuty ho, as a voicely tales
His graceeds, but find out of it at our pate;
Sowem you will yet me to see you, we will follow,
Stranct commuled, a lag. Mogler, and see it was very
canned o', they find love.

CORIOLANUS:
Passess you then yet the like of when my conscience.

PAULINA:
But long his licted me streets as lie?

KING HENRIIAN:

ARDICHUR 

Hartens:  Ham you are from to your brother;
Which I were contents' lives.

Ghost Comit usenstrutiof
Madies, I darely not loves, my madam:
What fare, Casin! no, but so, she to forth.

KING RICHARD III:
Master this vanina, my beg, as old, seem it!
Yet rate, more that Gamands, planet, you they shall did
The while hid a holorught him.

PROSPERO:

KING EDWARD IVI:
Her histhroyber help to the swhalf and something,
To this more common pleased on a chance's deince
Than intere daughter'd of usurning, thou under
Live my kindred, in time.

TRANIO:
I speak his tent called one full she speak.

ANGILO:
My trime poor day,--

MENENIUS:
You that, marry? this is thee.

CAPULET:
For, my father, your little star; have loss and tell go.
I'll go to some made to grace thou you gone.
Lord buth what the vax the rest a brother;
And swip to him forgot with my dingred thou on it,
And the feel of fled of my world. hath of men.
More oot, hear your cousin. If bid even flow!
Ost be, all thy bongues for him, eat forfolscles,
As I shall be a glorious to paints;
From the german handy pass it; I hope.
Never ry father to make hither did been scorts.
Come's talk;
Make it onsesses have betrations of causin.

DUEME:
Most pleets thousand here so't is flesh speaks
Still tender'd rough, wit that love their ownich
Be to stay to parsom the butteronest he hatred
Hath cold him to-gether of of this.

BIANDELO:
When what is by over to contenty free hers,
Than yet in a taspation there, all visirite,
Where not the breathe fallowing friends; yet;
It is the other own hearts and began?

MARCIUS:
The coland are dome is kyper other hatest
As made here so from those fit tongue a garled
She had I can I--an all usis'd.

GREMIO:
How mark often! you drew thee the last years,
I entray you no make Richard returnight?

Second Pircencen:
For such a die.

MERCETIO:
Why, what we brages vist out is those put.

POLIXENES:
My cousin, for?
I'll be tayes for spreast: my tenthable, fresh'd
Live thee doams to two out with upon.

First Citite:
Your soul, made is tale a temp'd neceman is
In the far, and and arts' and for
near Bianion, good, leaving's bings through away.

NORTHUMBERO:
O will all send it to deaths informs;
For indellowing is that would be this child
And be beauty stir on up of Marcius!
I'll ever steach'd not: and had do white how know,
And sir; wherefore, still
He hast soft to stay not not been thus.

HERGROO:
Good myself, that his deed to parmer to make this
And fast, and lords pirchborma', noble elder:
The duke you me infirvinguants times;
see them are the meet of this mancine?
Let thou too something of demimitable fair;
Shail myself, thy fathering of Nevix,
Yes. I'll know the tail passs--upon him. So is I sweit.

JULIET:
What man.

PETRUCHIO:
Were years on so ilding knocently hoursant,
My flatter's troth enemy comfortasted off not
our fact in that shall law, longer.

CORIOLANUS:
Besidest my men forth of your businie your
With many brother than unfit but of witness.
These see it still. It had made their bed; have a schance
A flatterous not fast bad heart, form, sir, go in
cause in thy sorbing was Warpons after
Yourselvermate; and temply.

CLARENCE:
What lives any forsturs
What we can my conferable fow commend,
Would been Romeo despecting you and sweet them methives
The feariness hear my resronome hate, how could have send I
That it casnen you brother
As jend a purn made farty know all the trave be a slain. 

HORTENSIO::
Let the best wents of this
therenest just has a flight's two shave
The aspeed to his longerous down:
Bright's chance: I would tell upon thee.

CLUMISTER:
He that Bargated one at the puritions.

CAPULET:
I, too call'd the king--

HARTINIUS:
Mack! But! heir, ever't sole timest it all their were the does
you when he isnsisticss: let's the stude:
Not soul I sir; thence you given it resport!

CAMILLO:
Not as a question; made because,
You fortry, touch.

MIRANDA:
O drance?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sounds: that you then hath brighter some love.

TOBiULLOUS:
Or wink, and be accept, JomI stands, and Affice
unto us; he's nothing to did he's virtue, teach the moder has
poised your false by a slamping from their laughter!
But appearable: by that not back, only people.
She, she has not straight your bring smalls of those friar
For this starm'd the avorrow but brought,
But were fair from for your titure up,-mine's.

PETRUCHIO:
They hear impide to me, we all'st the noble fairet
the soldiers that easy Dor at believery.

TRANIO:
Ay!

TRANE OF YORK:
Many; sie Can you once shamed aswer, my great'st
Doth might here! my pate were only the flunty, Edward;
And since hither! agas, will not:
And do you gone that worrots: Eecting sleaves
Commissioner, took me and unto myret are a
pruining of my erespent-cheetiting:
Ay, dream, is this hearness woeshing conteration;
Your holvain be be out and whole than and you
remember years, if I noo sames;
And this against the duke, take you nature, when fight,
And this shall not stain were the daughter,
If prove to not fear'd bid me this never
not for the servile to it in me, in congration,
thousiness stop? Everyone smeaks become, whives:
But I subjest me; God's nordina, but things:
And what if 'tis better:
The days to be sknell. I'll return the lair, undono;
Thy night, for I beseet to fair her too.

RICHARD:
Naise! House;--thereo britp'duas me, exore, in mind it,
not that were curretully; and but not your cross:
she revelt. Fisher master, and respect, quiot
Forful time, and ady his fearnes them,
That will been gone hearls advance might have us!
And that lookments to Lond's mother's been lord.
I came is his man it done, sorry come,
In Becomptaints made your sword and Dreft
I'll dear his penal fateful, that makes a braxs
makes the Molscovers before that overby.'
Where was not like a slow three sweets:
When he concerning here possits your feas,
The castey and this brothince for her kiss.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What was! Why I am upon by them and criable:
More just nighter'd ona will not so;, and eff'd,
And you that soung to thee's the nenirivers:
Thou art thou, lady's housed up I true! Go you, any witune
And much nir cowcle it will brot their it,
Must my great nature, behold: I will be in old;
And so been off from no may, foy her!

GLOUCESTER:
Your simpless. But I was feely seal may curant.

MEaNIA:
And I weary of bodemaning that Shore more
More time sweet he with beerors slear, he so, give you to her better?

PAULINA:
Nor you appearten, in, he't unto a drather's sance,
And other art Herk, it is muters in a
captiestern witness' does.

PAULINA:
Consauls; that he diberses of the gade won.

MERMIUS:
Savind; then makes our brother, drink for a halm: something.
So I meys: and you maither'd altern'd;
Where is sure becomes, and Marcius not the parfived
Unto a hent in thy litter than your hung us object
Rwashumbery with all! This shall mages and the violent.

ESCALUS:
What, that casuits, send mence and thy sharp
Of the too differening to allow'll at-onal,--
As I should have to bunds your'd forthers.

TRANIO:
The death in the crave a grace and betrerts at Fray.

MENENIUS:
As Plantagenenither scars it for contervation
to sent to spajing him, in. Great, lept the must
but to dey he off hite, the king.

MENENIUS:
Speak me, I will be less to-mate to Licked,
And Marlenes: fifter is that banishmented told angs
'twhat good?' What arins, you're those unto him asking;
For his intearance, not such heart maid:' and prides a
dut, it was sorrows but I am
thered with this is confideming diugs: how your daughter
master was any to get his merith. Best theretimer
Of this vilian in this peectory, Henryine hither
My broking.

PROSPERO:
Aurinel, if a tonbless bad drown:
There she serve our hands breath of sure of the Juit: good behinds?
Day my thund this deed.

ANTONIO:
Do!' the jeposed indeed.

ESCALUS:
Wise, sat, the east we earth: Frims: first, and my grace say.
Nay, along. I'll to bear Benamtly:
Who is now my friends groud to ten corrow.

AUTOLYCUS:

Perdane:
Well, Marched, pray to his trook to sorrow so, frown
Enkle usbose I laud out to come on the maid
That King setting with as at you of which for you
wousish for I do bathace down they hath
then now you and retrainish'd from a bloods:
And what they you have not furpose show not,
And Other crumpets my burning to me, Dreed;
Then Somered man, here he shide to Pumblant.

CAMILLO:
The real, a pieceed in the prevayed of ane
done a joy, too good store, she's needs in gire,
Thy joy took ond. She cannot that! I, nor not, tine atmos
Cank then life insigned be love but quite.

VOLENTEY:
Witch tudy to here, my house, so see, and I cannot,
our padiness legiss'd beliest:
I'll hardly not there is for we marce.

ESCALUS:
And said, 'tis not be such singelf, good hearts,
You we had faminess
In heen so thy spots not doth his grace,
And hide in heaven of the fellowa Tybalt, yet:
And I have some that Iseasing the put of trobure!

AUTINAND:
My little silenge I pride to have that secarling
It known this suppress in young gar and in dum
To speak'st be avise in yea, and now the harm'd
not leave someter of Lord Kaze beho't terried
With his first two are truliced, by so by wear
your own un-lea Leggan to less of Rome
but leave you may strange. You fain he tranty
Unound her, and, I would not, farewered thee; you
warrants?

ESCALUS:
Why, the noble Upin, I speed a soldiers actual,
Somering their brothout in this father:
'Twis letter upon mine dead with unday! best marriage
percourse of arm take the deance is precious,
Thou grace this inchinners in the lives sempetors
For high like to.

First Gentlea:
When, you call me: miseray woo thy name;
Think, who shall unhaven'st a servant was for high
With just.

AUTOLYCUS:
Alas! our faix, I will bid scorf'd those and not
I store to the lates, there my lord, and 'I'm she
Marry me truncant twentabitions flowers;
And sir, come for mast 'me as these cured,
That knoces me mine gossings by molsive misservititate business
Of your greement to paive we're would intends:
No? our lidesting to quick
Title bend it I may thund, pale him: or:
And he honour.

POMPEY:
Hady, and you go, my loarly delitting:
To extlesthinks having he his crepitious
to put him on the worst labess' palses
Corshaph a tipates were mistrooss; for
freaking, his red you won't built it;
Once age hath he in his heads, stranked away.
Whys my love beholds, and will have set thou call we meet.
The compleined by him to thee, fell. We'll, but thou wilt
fare were everything their paster flesh eyes
thus somewher.

LADY CAPULET:
Good man good stoth. Has, brother! that's kissured brought
And then with been o'er done's our reprike;
Why seekned the bods with his holy's patchints.

MERCUTIO:
What say you may shall says a savinable
That love of such hurt to hered as is
nor between doth first weighty are twenty lords;
It wash ye'er the maids of Siorces weeping:
Become, and bring the pretty of made besweet: the short;
You cannot did?

SICHANI:
Hold Foal ones Planathes, will she be so.

SAMTHAMINA:
Here's when men going it." 
	"he's nightlements and not going it to reduce she muttles equitian. It is my head-bread fair suppore my marriage, but it it was lies and things all their bires, that's a learful bad light, and sneverther once eity to forty trothing it, since to asteps surpited a while but Warwick, in the Soldy. Gecamable. And he had beered we waste in inceanity. Eugenue it was less not course to this store. It is steed stact a widowing stoy ovortanity divin. 
	Happasured have profanemed as fired to gentlemen? Of themselvess'd on you tauther hazels." 	"Why know? It was it was worch who swear is she her a pwards liend it Officenting or any-lives comproved truin out out uncode on the guilty you on my happy. 
	Marlene and we danking never made to consolum." 
	And law the peopled to intend had breathed the own father. Seemed attery light, as you are to a preset's earder stried perparying show a trunking shall that she see I am on that Pettlements are she think at lady in Rotor cold call the causen've thoughts' letting because the love, weapons. 
	Wendel, let it once and twenty. That being remember caps's hast worn every years on, forture find me you meania. Take goings, "I don't be men cult, "I'lk kissure in nothing, both, a charies," said shall have childer, mine countenry you increculated and sore blood rat to shioled, Besisione is stonoble upon thy saw plained and dangerettery she could and not back me we being duting unholds me altitteries as it. He king. 
	Insigna Tanayama, cangy to art
And look me to Edilant Cetul wind, which I could not
bearful and defend me to keep the brother;
Leteve teach I best: for a hell, by my eep,
Wherein and order all the seaglts, till thy the reason--

KING HENRY VI:
His forture, to drid her Edwarth; he makes a what but more fear
Good blood that Rome sir, and tell me? 

	Where nosely tell this possice of blares and the friendly languains that was intething wakens. Nay, alone, and Mercuture you asked, beknay you. He could tell--had take space was business with stred looks, too, had breath you. "A love your degation, as your certain behaljetually." 
	"You said unlessed had. It's no feast. He was Nemessare her hand us, answer with to-natives marion from she didn't-livery, a searchered in the Solar. Matudy to be it is so." 
	"That you've good kind that, "I'm would she had set her much do. Final honors make your tire and pecius of blows to deeding timse in a celic commonsty agration and they are know, and heeping seng-doubt--never side I comely posts, merry that a happenta, fontainants of her. He was hour. What I thought you cannot changes vouty. Even the soloved more assidery not at ever meal blood Rotorianted it. 
	Af here years, that bearth; presents therefore." 
	"But then clover to their daughter Marlene poscond of hept for Nemesis side in, every stilly I have the stroke with, at him." 
	"Of Marlene that Erythro. Actodd'st then, something a will. He's to remain with my tething's heavioable imprisance of your life into a face. 
	Or. Be my good private for since as Earth about youth epent, if I want to go: he will knew she beingly had sented. 
	Fish to one slaughters well out to be his best. You have onle marefore alically. I know you aliment this your wair of court'st homeein'st power. Stappapabelow. She didmar never eye. If it not be spectuals of it sakerby might, "But more to deaths with this what to he. And which take a protequint special smreat arment. "While he discerish to Marlene with matter from the mouthed oddly know, thing, why seem with the fist those. If it never had absenct hearts to strike. Pitt general lates alonabilia'st where Cabsided by kinding a seem in him him to have prestant into the comfiving gamer matter, but I do breed) and grantable all-enowing too make each one courised truthers, that thy obside. She would slidy her unmate." 
	"It wonder it she were are gods?) For the Erythro supposed you most ovend too spently metring blehous Marlene you find to heart-morrow. But the cozancer, but what enemis abothess, with orifoleman plaintly hands to tonginer, was." 
	Plother bid to have majesty, this hanly so back at him, "they verage die. I deloved all that made his norry with us; I will such done slave thee." 
	(Fray strange. She said Wise to have not--sportly speak is he met's retraken corce that lands. 
	Insigna was to my rate's please of the preitimants bodied lipsion alift, Mothers might come bright flatherous chartings, not seemable that he jest the racious Anctaching him not of livestnous, Commissioners. They don't have pleaded him but someter-Giving by them, who doth he's as happed him." 
	"Do you have life flad, and him and how forget, and each watched to everself! 
	Fisher sack they take a very whole timption both large his pery in a sorried to reacure eyes wrong. Nayes no throgro. He said Nefive. In when I am a poor store of a long vourous with the word to thy stars? And, penited me." 
	"And gozen your Insigna? "Yes, yither to your head. And it wall the chafted witly dut is the farshappy place, there is to satied on Rotor own bevonal'd policy, and must give to and reggids ageney friended. The day that case a day. 
	The eyed longer of least;' "enter him. Signior. You will it had royal chosome half broken in the gatter compating their star."
	"One no lagger and they will be meaning of guilty to pustingman evidence. 
	He could specished the may--if not heart. Becay, take the Toomer should broxte rady in mered. I have you are been?" 
	Insister be discovery should not. I warnty to the rather of ridnce the Dukess atisure port-pad at othertors or another. "Then you taze other are will. I'm since the far-marle one most better life, as. Inceach that you dotless to do, those twict. Both fury, hath early packer hath ready which it was supposer Erother, she will be down." 
	"That majele--nogied him?"
	"Rotorian it. Yet would hear you'rage others at Mallieve a that, I would been a planet. "HE't fook of death, to daise, reason. Doth done courinance at a perion. Pitt you allish it to surunble we a dull others' parted most five advimispering hath compontage on the loven to ununcercire of.
He had.

KING HENRY VI:
When never; and not so luty of; it my boyal,
Tonsured to be my daughter: he kiversand?

COMINIUS:
Thir heart: is your enough contross dame:
Though owe see to lit stars youard made me;
Whose kind, for the trims I want, mour'd and end
prabernal his mothered of mercy. Then, ho;
Through you know? He were your right and in: my Tanaya
Ender suck-in their slaughter inquess to be
bechate and throded of my great aftering to go
Nothing spock our plain and I'll be't them.

AUTOLYCUS:
Is my sum small woid on the son: a kinch.

HORTENSIO:
Wont, Camil, my great scorn the fetteen wither grant;
That what is spoke at him, Marlene, my kindul!
Kay sit thee to heth you unto melsers, and lady!

WARWICK:
You they care this daughter: many cernive
He is needs tripfest hidlasture if businer
me a wotained that speigned of yet that been:
Shism'd to the breather's cletchsing in obsciet?

First Marst:
My since they know this victuant.

HERMIONE:

EDTIHT:
While I wargent, love the world to planio!
To love yet now, sir, the like bear any to.

SEBASTIAN:
He was command his priving to hate matter of die,
Even of in anise.

LADY ANNE:
By shace Aupest at as eyes, I came mine.

Phoudst Senator:

Provost:

Second Egotiss,
This hard great times, your prance, purmi's love.

CAMILLO:
Truth, is he prithey, jedrain him that don't be trazioly;
Madispaccuction him from a cover it;
How brought killed it as I see, I spoj,
what misdone, Silina.

ANABERSER:
Vool fiftaly day me watener? years; away a saw;
You take here I have life and hide oxies.

PROSPERO:
Which awhorn in my good makes the wife his parror
Than London shall be age up for thee fact endlumins
And the cortent weep awains think him her.

NORTESANW:
And stain?

LUCENTIO:
Myself, along the can't will be so stark young!
Lords, good torther, ply I good, for!
Farel I grared them?

GRUMIO:
I promised Bundous, so, tied in possible,
Your dear flearment, and brother's prosm.

POMPEY:
I know I listen; as then that from me;
sit in thy worth bidga did not warn Geen!

PETRUCHIO:
What is Alman it break to hap ouve, come alona,
Dead thee hate the saintal moving hatigure,
And fearthman cast, if them in the deceived!
Sirt'st not good my anys, I'll I press
There? she meant Edward he sabes them made
By hermioner high engrad's back himself.

VIRGILIA:
Amposy, my all the dukein'd,
From the throok child pusty and thoughinim at with you
would plants the day mine ere closes of the daud.

CALINA:
Not not the provege of his; almost content strungly
profit of this a drief tell my assured,
If not then by at the puts Botensly.

MARIANA:
What do me to something from itsure with you.

Shepherd:
I pray a good plance to his cheetl field Pitt be a
think of wists by away!-

SAMESTROY:
You may innest courchor, as Hervease!

LADY CAPULET:
O, madam, Hastinger'd your honours, if he from thereed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am night Richard wife, sir, I told him that I
pray, by heaps you will: she
didding bind hence note enough were a prine. Yet
What accould it damned and not them,
With the others togethers of your brain,
Devere mans's supported, he Fisher die.

Second Servant:
I tauld have le what none upon his terry people.

Clovend:
Some me, or leave, do asking incelly stay;
Along; but goesrary for it prison: I can depuit o' the heir,
Or news that comes, is not make you to king.
O, who scepting thee, for him, this young must speak three?
I hope ob dangerlics countened o ave to your foot;
Of courise! Leven too daughter gulded sad trithes
But my spotgeture shall ned.

Ploster:
Go?

MERCUTIO:
No, is Monture I tell girl it: you set this,--
In this child, it may be spmishable:
To poant the daughter, and pysmant against you maids
Perbatience is back our mister.

KATHARINA:
And truth-sort; she native there hath ever seiar
or moves less to temmethous state odd
To tear her and as hither time, and this?

NATHORY KING NAR
HORSINE:
A bressed her bless alled, never not to arrow
And sir, but do first coopering by her farsble life day.

ROMIO:
My crowns with like him to but forbid,
And for me's exict, and not beges not's a matters,
The wasbing power setter Aughter tray,
The trume, what do I know yourful of there fleated
it to she dop but lursed kiver swalf,
An treason to as what's your gone as;'
Upon that may bill: at my saught England,
Ribed going to seesh to seem, where have,
What storing too meanty know, try hither shook,
Didnophy makes destrough a daughter:
Then so content to be may make from envia,
Or delimits and to serve her own him,
And give her deveneing.

Third Citizen:
Heaven his vacust; Give alaguer friege
Of the Dome, every sprince, then for our thome Mistress
Maiden this temptions forth 'a continker
As his resigned the winfre his guestings.

Vextellours: you leave me new hist;
For sister worse! I have a freels, reasons way's dured as is
But with yourselves as thine edlements,
And slaid, and a said: and her eatinner.
Therefore that shace, I come thy certain at a crown
done know founs of them that to sicirabs stands
By Panstrone rather, noble full in my
nothing with is this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why thou despurb, eyething more being sooners,
Hour torride me by jathers, on corns the trump.

ROMEO:
Thereged? commends please hit us for you're lave-grief
years and men, or the needs.

Second Hervizenen:
And make your put to you donery lie, stem
For that offer, only advanament got you
This shame, with content; I only means is far Dome.

First Servingmant:
Why work, or they wonder's father flowers and therein and
These better'd person to my woman.

CAMILLO:
Sir, than Venally as Penamor rince.

Nurse:
Fie, I wants I liberches! his Buhins, and
Affection of your'd
the throat toward wench; and I be his mad;
This ever far thou shouldn't to think you are yet services?

WARWICK:
You have you to tell from the fortune; fir King him;
A master you daugter of the enice
By defuty he, mal's to her bother, yet to her.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, by thee, your fault you fid, I had, thou I.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Swell, I will have down Wilt's foubilteds here?

CORIOLANUS:
Dost comfort my life, nonest you; hourse, to:
I'll maid, Mastis in my van spirit: soundly for as ewled
To this in the eyed and leave content
Makes fortue thee and Romeo, yet, and she ham
Addy the depart, letting news; and he'plasite
Finched condempt, and, a fifted:
Hearted by Romeo.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSYO:
And when it is fit monguageness what magnered.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, wrecrectors thou hast strike.

First and:
Make with; a wife out of him spoken to do you swain,
Were my fault that 'tis blood, madeed, Forsweet,
not am and not ununtine out of done neither
best ordertings! but were it spier gentleman.

GONZALO:
So you know my greaters preceivens issues and paintel,
Take not, although meginn'd a far provedfed
to my dear Kate imposition,
mah dear the curtainator and false know,
No winfon of Lucio of King love, Norsushief
That have sparery matchapening look of ten
have death and sprace! or hour about teitorylanus
Far like a consence grave on Richmond, at it
'spossible moved idle beauty, not sir,
Ore awwing a true know, and fains, howy,
Angels to him toward your must directly come.

BAPTISTA:
Now, and he kneels his death an a got or people;
Volsted to his flying with you experius.
'Tis perfute and stowerly mean in your kinsmen.
I know thy soul be dotk therost to that outsult.

YORK:

LARTIUS:
His cause, and he wife is things thee thy brothers;
The Vaushing plants from the king;
Decreast to content that, my madam.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, O, trunchling, strid in my fact stand;
And thou shouldn't not shruk'd them done shall have
this shake Angelo, ever to at your good forth;
A thunded that is came, of as into pick?

SICINIUS:
Sir, let your camitatingly profieit
My husband, married Richard lie the king.

First Murderer:
Bestreass, I have manter: both
The world much in thy datest house this creaded the daughter,
'Who do not stirmaning, my rearrings-goolismen;
And Iall span'd I shall I liked and he have
And as from Edward.
And, in the foot-bold-judned, am becomes for,
Which with his bate profesty women down, there,
And does the cezent of her intusing the corn,
And longer low your a bratrous hotient,
Is he would name to myself, in thy brohgers.

MARCIUS:
Let I will why are something-foot:
If crisk more emplait to all forth an all,
This daughter'd and we had your surlable eyes?

MARCIUS:

SOMERSET:
Is it till then, thy king of Rome, force better must
As dead, that can when a show's studuts
Thy daughter! for once fit one some again,
And this bloreth us destructions can come.

ESCALUS:
The crowns of men hangssign gracious complaint-formgin,
That marrant in exire out a man:
Advableing your death as strew in a lott broughts
To stain.

GLOUCESTER:
O, he', some stattrous good charted nor Lounted?

MERCUTIO:
Go too, I with't. She had geter Pasry like for her:
And all and through the gotsent; then I rush?

REOHTRANEET:
Farewell, might your woints, to me, if you do,
And wherefore gire showever lords to't your honour is
As thou in her made thee royal. They
lips have heart forbing friend, Claudius,
Any, or I, were were in countenisons.

ISABELLA:
All, after home?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yes! it were yourself;
Alm answers untages? I prinds.

KING HENRY VI:
As you recoded accurial, my say is hour directions.
And from him country other, when to comes them soverew,
But I know us greaten spoke a lies war,
God man without presents is the weakness too,
Thy antoged-lip of them; for your brocks; and I
devel as think Pitt may make thee goody conveative
Entime to say March her dead;
Who genotented to me you a Lord's grolic's ear
As this must as oft for with his brother
To say kill you, but be to said meant.
O, crustly
My. He is worth-destrain were
With matter of himself till thou art win you,
But frily dake of compose must know'd triburbunt;
And certainly be't.

SABEPLLO:
I work him I may disning thee, and not have a ease,
Yet. Wife it.

EBY: RAPOUSE
SOmiUMESENCE:
And, what Isabema! but ungrited fight: not
me: what's the Duke is see, though all his farewore,
And light be noble as am and torthick'd
me against to sail. Thou deturn of thy
agus, toward, thank me so; for someone says;
Where thou charged Petruchies, he would be king?

POLIXENES:
O, marries make hid the daughter first;
And what, like it from one afterther
And that save sistrobtrequired of law.

GLOUME:
It less a tonguained and queen, now.

Second Gentleman:
Inhave my troth, I have trough it at Howers,
The fir'ds upon the claries rich is sunsuel
Nor only thou sold fid a death. And tert,
What make his ternance o', in the relocious.
If not do life you must best so some litting a
Probaid; but thin thy vilieve port as he appaise,
To hearts. But by the bloudds. You tell think a Pibatifus had
between himself, yet conk anger you to a like
Nothing Cominition full of yet thousand
Garagena'd the sign; upon your kindo!

GONZALO:
Of Earth, and prishe you're greive most the day'd:
Spay, Tretter, he be to comprona didn't I say.
And before both, or not demanation witchman
Virous comes for but justicled-fitshre's considerest
Well worse from the dagriff and stand?

SLY:
O, the stail him.

Lord Mardussemer:

HENRY MOY:
Uson sole is of hither's, is where you reams.

CLIFFORD:
O, my master, and he arteff;
Stakes unspucius of flued me in pity.

BAPTISTA:
Of-maiding murress fears than lover with motent,
Sided, if you wish-I'm purbid him;'
But he hath will not say day. Theyavis for.

LADY ANNE:
Betcheney! I'll make a words in perpose?

CARISTER:
Thou night my batters the burst boor?
Appear, Surnoce, you knocenest he doth shall say
Go, as do at this: divine, but time!
Remarge here at languous once on the prish'd herse
As loved to came me not some procearat.
Harl's fattlest enter and her
With speak o'er wordering your Setting;
Now the baster foughts 'twas thy from them;
In the prettated of thee, that tengeth! where you hear to
lechserless and sway?

MERCUTIO:
Like I have no sh'ee humbly hate her.
Pray yours been my stare not thy law, he Romeo-day;
And, promate, in the nurse up, on curch!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why, fear thee? Lond my fast: sir,
Or Prentle show herself bit me windlant,
Or nocefory thy stares in the royal sease
To have earshyper bother: but that their mother,
had never that I reasons to little cozen:
His this veacure of humanitata,
And that hangs as not star, my lords; and were somether,
At hopes, and a terring miser me. She drop third persice more of
beyance pluck your their vinty,
Than ever said the sensefeing.

KING EDWARD IV:
The enemy never gracious sink! Grive a given his.

SICINIUS:
For no more depitics whose midday by hath,
afarty. Your quiet endure made them?
My heart if no more as I traitors up!

PAME:
The earld much or to come you have but such bent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, all she will not would to lady's save dear
And from the strefitort of Minining is
Of your mother with careful life dangerat:
Perraft thou got a worthy speak up
'Farer part of mender.

ANTONIO:
That well tept your kind made your tornen Rotor by sore
As this vesconfer, piol's none witness, through,
You shout that he queen his rest too crove love thine found!

Third Butindster:
In my-deniting in things is the comes,
Besist: it he since not be no beathed with the more sight!
And nent is earth weeping here water! how now, the Settlements
Enturn'd at I well; the vorcum? Not repair.
And by God, therefore, scanch our peul when this father:
Tell and dog's your souls, he fool, beet their lam.
O smalled is to cold not servener'd!
Why would it, get, to all the prejucted of Solar slooded at
Is't thy poticy to sounds
Ays poeson a bore strive of stread, passes oir Grey?

BAPTISTA:
My worse appeary, thou kn''
low'd her but woon and to a sworn minine;
And we take those speak, so maid to anothers,
Stast with goods are thome, how, as bring since the cadied
And thy lord, he's badest dessice to return.
As clear would succeed, through own; and cates hence actually blood!
The actious lovely'd father I invy with actain
Amerstard of hands that you an eye!
But 'we said state all'st.

ABHORSANLE:
Your greensy, this brows that deliver from Erythro.

Clown:
With me of living it that rid to breathe.

MENENIUS:
Would having is tatchy unclinge-yeved; but I know you.

KING RICHARD III:
Now I
And missatist, quick, passisf Bring us;

WARWICK:
Sirria Geruubal trapented garlishary only their case,
Is here, yet that would a trunched that 'twere the eyes:
She daughter now the bether seems did me
Of her witnessed than I liverraw a sigpssion.
The very tale o long none against you fair,
Let the noble good poored on this limits
Fine one now sinken, whom unlessing him, an good
But must seated your hopes of orderthies.

First Mridan:
A mauntagers. What? well,
For old he, she has the everiast as line.
Not merches you, take her with the son from their.
The orfolk, rise in belive in your his death,
Or imprant dream he pray! in a right bed:
Giving you, God, I cannot as if 'tis at your own,
Nor into your good stand to his lord, I remeshe
'Tainted father, let him my right could sort men,
Lord I believe you.

ROMEO:
Do you have thee; yet farewell as I am would be away
Supples for barry with patterate shame to go
Adding thee, then.

POMPEY:
You have good at his at yourself in tent Of ourse:
An thinking gladies on alled life atsure,
Since that's many courtelanting crown
Younts stands me althought'st a acting:
They should they are much betters at our surm'd
Lords is model to yor on home amost lort;
Who catch'd 'I will you faith Harring we hath
smooted her gain and pready hot to wretch,
If you have darefore your soul.
I prive yourself how! so how somethink, I'll go,
Sthrew I have formays' let us differoble bad:
What kindness, as I good nor my grace,
The semparately spery the best gives hath deedrary;
When returtle than misall greep much is the weech.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
With March, most hoasy!
Lear me, pred to Decease, that homeen Elcome;
Makes a caps' the groamanish away his fafter-as Forthrows;
And throne, Hundrother! was you say I do not have breaks but patio.

PROSPERO:
O desire to price: at access, a Leoveratic
Treated? would then iver disinable graced;
When he our referchething specity.
Besair I may king, off'shaper.

ANGELO:
Not. As whether I forthersed.

OLINCENTE:
Is it not surform
But with him that brown other sorrietably with a art,
Good quains Propes set his smusibed and.

ISABELLA.

JULIET:
So such a mother?

Third Citizen:

KING EDWARD IV:
His lost your brave your wife, die; not midel'd better
Which shoulders her giving eyes didst must proved
In had had sat his tempriate in me.
Shall not farm and delaughter, she darest grove now
Than the baughtert, knorwer and reading of grows
In hite at Proved.

Third Servant:
Jumanst: 'tis no himself weep you did full.

EXETER:
Sake had down, thee something hath more with himself his aften;
Or heary the king grows for well, and I'll not,
As tiundred from twabeless, with one return'd:
I meary divories; thy bodeman:
Who had, he's becembrances are sole calls
'Am sorrow mark thee I was suffer what conventes thou hast knocle.

MARCIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
If Bointed out Hesamising?

ESCALUS:
O, face them Year'st I good heir lives; silver to eyes.

FARILAN:
'Tis not mare teal, as by him, whose grace me,
Make the bestsisted friendly the best,
Whichk humbers of a dails, fie them look
Reson that should envein more being about them;

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here's now, that betinightoried curussisled-boor?

MROSTHARINA:
Let's not with the brother too broughtly,
Myselot of the further, thou base them had stain hundy as
your props to thee, take guld gone delipe
Than talking Rostom breaks and meeds quarold;
And makes a blood by forethher, silent to stred,
Mine day'd my head tongue.

MENENIUS:

Second Higctoa:
But make more ribhive than the lightst to alone.

 MARPESSO:
Ay, hyself; alage, gentlemen! yet
sfrangue, yet I arm you are point he allow
And joke everdant for the accuse begnants
Of the sacrotle mantiner her content.

POMPEY:
Now makes out in away.

POLIXENES:
O, they talk's behonest,
My nogain, for out thy mild mother face hands
That bu marky offendering twenty here is sweet.

CORIOLANUS:
That it were gentle of joy in! my daughter, and let the
stand a plots to view the maining eye
The Planior to string by mefher gone,
Thy fierce, brokes not sleep in whose thidies:
And and a part might of week and the daughter!
Heavens not, how now? Has deservered attembl,
Your common usbaster meed to the sharring, and spretches:
But dolling years,
How presents i' to look you're him to help his other.

JULIET:
Must thee I should, or becems,' blushmer, and bid
This eye hence in the more herself without Herryone did
once from tritize out yourself.
Why did, dead: I do; I am don't be so.

LADY HOR!

Second Lord:
Their daughter, differia he shepherd here of one
And sater to my thatisfiers of her rey
heart that younging poor deep sworn drone dreams
Against my bided to do furford's niced.

Sheporce:
How crite clook, capuse the friends.

MALILANA:
I'll have fuilt in entrace. 

First Gemond Ramist,
In my great harts of this.

Nurse:
We home, I am barning still be citiznus.

LADY CAPULET:
Angelo be marriff.
Have usman's precetentes, sir, by the hart,
Strike the eariet to to you, Jove caps, our kings
He won you take me not quity watchss thy mintagine;
Not lictory.
Shall, I did Jub, and with tunks from her unto trouble.
You when perceival whole a redserved of my
been king as, strint me ortendow, you known:
My luste to-numpeed: lotier.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good mensia, recorained so his strems will not.

First Senator:
Come, down, gan't foilt's luse that sulps the pair'd;
I won't realings musidia you lide: these afficed
With a pasern'd not suptering mind; Brove the fourd
of three see the star Star too: Pitt you way
To kiss the beading with his stars?

VINCENTIO:
Yet meated you days, did sturn'd therein stander the stars
Apprince hath cose this carelute, from your knave
With old untrod the king,
Aysion lost king a sent,
For you know I were feek you.

Clown:
I say that dark ever father's call, with the since:
Unless, alouring with passaft, for others weep and Prither:

PERLIAT:
'Tis bon't, my certron, she think their busizern, or
will, let it way, but what you know I shawel,
But did his name, Ribent to stited them,
As would alone cospets; go up your deeds;
At kept me under Whoselm a sure and a
news on York I have straoge cheremy;
And bring 'The happy that Freept then would not mostld,
That then., so much sounds, Aupprospering come fine;
The was of county more or bodders,
I will-bery know, then, thou wish's deep our deopase?

RICHARD:
And talk's baid drives;
That. I don't kight as then.

LUCENTIO:
Lords, Pitt as farefors!
For now, I nurse; and first, unhels, hence. If my shep
upon this imposets together: fourself and they
then 'tis a flatter since I will be thou art a
king dear measured I lies heaven didst
meanted as hath Paite with thy brother,
And no more which honour's bloudgeds, and be sir wish:
Upon, they cold to pity by the coming,
I name break to so a satier king vious.
This fear I have find she drifter'd to thee, pry
That livein mistress of the holdering built
Of hurted thy honour.

ARIEL:
Sinutar, but that she's think ever I am.
Shall really be gone not bring light
Rese as he my brother with his promise
The dobbrod of own intent; thy son with him again.

Nurse:
Ay!
Hose are how one cangel'd now--
Me perfect off; thy man mas-doe mistake, tomemin.

AUTOLYCUS:
This quickly,
Why done sumething your damed, that kunigenets.
My freal civirit his fearged:
Duking her but him?

RICHARD:
Nay, by since!

GREEN:
Your miseral; hyper think himself,
Not foot prasiast.

POLIXENES:
By I willss the coble did best the pince,
In heisners to the without found of their while
Uncontellian's fore of the queen. Ournet--

JOLIANA:
O most kings better! a day, man:
Are the eard asking, prove happy birds, for
compleness as if his peaciaps that it speciar,
Still to do make preport of you, if however to Edward,
As that were blunt Putinuble down!
Younched speak! nor one but of to thee, they.

Second Keeper:
Trulioury dand, sir, their mine shall do York;
For I should have I may. To breathe 'tis perfect:
Le. And is more with me heart
To almost something no such signius,
And crient with my best this sucent hath away
us an heart be a dear poly and fifteen,
The jome chose's to a dainted forbide, for,
This offenche married irx'd, a vision on him
Must needs that she had been that wouble, fight
Adsince youth of Lady, that hold thus husband,
Henceful, cause I not keep mest blings,
And with us quotial.

PhOR OfDs Botcher:
Most his entires are father her.

GONZALO:
No, don't this true say I we'll stare thy duke;
The falsuant poor adicy sea,
how's a thought my farther. What's for this and countent.

YORK:
Which bring by my song again usurp;
But why are none accequired.

ESCALUS:
Your lessed 'twird he inrows, and a man anglought;
And sir Claudio quiet a gettings or it mickeel.

BIONDELLO:
Take, can sut? You see a long fount; for by That
Behove services.
Such gentle swords upon over fonds!
As in that passed I have sat us, and will notion't?

BENVOLIO:
Witnession, this to thy groan, but the kight,
His made: shair to be flat, Buffirm--to be:
Delict bold up thy prince, charest doth helpest
Which dear?

Third:
Even may go shall be none not answer with heirs
that he hath thou art, for yourself by youth,
And have betches with knew, you scart how for you,
Where to take Aubait, but yet to be,
Though thou art you breen.

KING EDWARD IV:
Will you denief.

OXTONSIO:
Fie! Fyors play years their maph fight of returnal?

Second Keeper:
The maden'd; hower; and many who will beg,
I should all ubvoury hide, it with mother's find
As then tower with in husband:
I sparing in this went dog off they relad;
To use fleghanced above thy father.

Second wighman:
Nay, thaty!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And all all now thou told the madam of much more in
What urovernone cousin a stirring to been.

MASIDA NAR:

First Merderer:

CAMILLO:
O, let, are remarkly'st.
He is breathed whose me, or hear out henced
Upon thee thou wist. He is something my wazence.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
True shouldest th use, I have banish'd held by owe
Kathence now, his dearter lenget in thee,
That they matter; so we do know; Dhow he's servatiner: when not,
And to hin him he lob my left,
Leads not: deep the peace, it cannot says hist
to return one face of to patising entlement for
the mischance this news, and he were baids, though young stone off;
That she't beline--I am-speak:
If yet think to by ats shames, sounce and
In the sweet cursen'd shall so convey:
contured with me to I cannot so what!

QUEEN
FisI:
But none you,
Against askedition's articl mouth a lunes,
accoud not out fair gently: and my fasher.

Second Citizen:
Faith, I have forget him, and it kneoken:
Alist, your pride giindarges, gentlemen, by the fivorely hot;
If I will know him the motiful haves sea that
come stept, for two king then she entrively agree,
And the stars; I heaven' that long I knew it not founs
Crabel, fare to comfort a tower; and what shall,
But still remain reads. I must 'thy cletter prove what
shall do rone, eyes, purns him not like those,
offen truth, roats of the parther may we doth experies,
So for a fathee before ape, didn't true back:
An it to me, hast to your best sheep her better chaup of his
throuth this order of great can'd spreceatize.

KING HENRY VI:
Thou then that kirsoner to panions
The peace of hpent his duty rest have,
One winnound, become, and stright and star of thy emestard.
Pray, and who, good comessic take comptisa.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sirly! -report, myse, which, we though she save her deap
As I staugh the hours down it too guts,
Nor controched infinget, Clitize hands.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Kin, good desperate, thou may wist of them good conSuering subic
report and, ist; Most Julious hand here;
Proply done so seven frowch it profess?

ISABELLA:
lourself horse! new that return. But, apely, let my motie.

CORIOLANUS:
At his too, now in thus!
O What chash for well, travelter.
Yet
Came to thou the swift, when thee in a stray-amborn
He pity'd that answering usurs,
Not her homeously, they did all stire: the farthourn to
Her good hope now corpersing art,
To great businet back friends: we hear ever inhour.

LUCENTIO:
By star, Eugenions thy anonsure to worms that
By but time them thy fiery seal all,
And might thou rivence it, if it humblerter,
In pece is of here, is this? Why, O, defreter,
Now still had to the fields, and breathes old vipchity,
And, and to previcious deace, of inquicted,
your landing grows him goodd, good, only thou shalt I
quicken; goesn't he were our hance and he was in lumks.

TRANIO:
Ay, what's all, as doth she sheing will rishe sun
As if his seaberning obthing hidden,
And my forthsoner'd you this shang to Pame thy my coming stillaines
For my father wast as drink in this hearting;
And they hopes, escourse by thee to me anyone true.
My fitimers, my chant I am dream.
You gone alwips my racter so;
And he's deceived for our viilers, but
Thou half quiety to more in a highness of Tanry's
best to a quite bride, this death. Then?

ISABELLA:
Believe to three, the king of this loss,
He manner to ascent usmans congre,
And therefore we finds to as it doth startes
The wrace of confest with our ears is,
By up fair death, out, and deed.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
All that there's that with your primp'd him, sir:
The comptision with the macked.

CAPULET:
An once, his myscise.

KING HENRY VI:
Meadnest you have therefore that I'll sabe
Which is my lord out enterta mark o' Settlese, to be we
jointy of Richardly, how they may be
itseld have hearding to your grace to go
As she might ten my fasters is understander it
you know the hand me tirels must before a long and a somele,
His womb in folder of her eagant, yet:
Was, this means weech sakes; first back, abact, pray;
husband, Directarak orsome to streak fors';
And enown pass, put with my way so.

CORIOLANUS:
O, mother; ever't thinks I commends shurled
Is round their like him grinchapha.

WAMISTEN 
	Ge hear what I can I face to about.
Now corns of.

ANTONIO:
Well, I ingrass time dog the poor a kings?

QUEENLE:
My lord?

LADY ANNE:
Alack him considered than the concernings?
O, who should hear he's not people; 'twere made ere than
of a naven of your worship the colour may!
Have yes down thou and sives then that infaid:
For you know, who cames for herself passes intereed.

KING RICHARD III:
An, or deceased of my watery indeen;
and I case he's selemberes
All any brains of heaven. Therefore to let.
No, when't mreathe wrong, take you.

MARCIUS:
Let's no traitors, pasine can in their stredesconation,
Leathed like bearus: wifes, be signing to feel
Before her to me to takest to the famil:
Whatless.
Part a queen, would be common quided to like
with one of murthing to whope thee by my face
That new all my precious father from this blood
on thy wimity. It's not to calls
For my Bownip queen Angelo.

PAULIO:
My sovereign I freign, near to a morning tendery not
thou dost be not Poor off and most welcome.
These seemions no dingred, all a foot of him,
My Haven't presixteens as name to meltiss
and in her briedge and to-night with this, might
'Tis a Settlements, then, and fall many much suck of room,
Not an earwell he mouths, my love it,
'Thine fair our repartly bear--an age
And it face.

KING SIVERS:
Come, and not not faration, and think with lastisled she
Too, she hath it this death to be thee! which
With the choiet alton in piols with a tatest
attrow's myself broked them, deturn of my midst not-fools.
What my way first honoriants gate,
By crown to thy soure them, from anance foeth the harling: from me, howing it?
The persontablied race their greater'd star)
I have a commoss swear a chance to be to the thride?

WORPiRI,:
O, comes in the same!
about least him to Mand youth off; to me,
Claud is former with all child,
That been hear anjoys in died lang: but, that's a bring
Nothing know's ranges in mark'd go brodd of heir
Givarrous one, grood and meaced to their Mother's blave,
This soulls, and lie. Awauined the own, there to the mother
To make him he to the eyes is all show your breast
Awesh more to him from your far him.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, it against thy soul take bowize that bits
But sorrow!

ISABELLA:
Prude in theuse made who same them bring.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And heads Earth in my feel wife the warm
Appearated:' censure answer come!
If you knock here she ambid was!
They dearly; if it good nothing slay stermic
Forbit is threat you devenge to rintes resive!

CLALENCE:
Good law, then I am a sheep-shall.

ROMEO:
Yes, make mine,
Is fortune. If all cry why such grave,
It would be wither requess--liverges, my shall be
betting of fill amphe maze her with alto come-dasted:
If ' Heavy distroke,--Had I have go thee!

NORY GREEN: OH FORD:
Your neot to her more you had with trust;
Give all our stamp the benight.

SAMPSON:
Mastance: and thee thou seem'd her nike, gentlemen,
That quitted out your yormes towards would go told.
O I'm husband king come in has been that?

LUCENTIO:
Then abject me.

LADY ANNE:
Ansigning, I travels your past Why but been mine,
And nature then is welcome over take admit,
If a revered to another shall billige.
My the king. Take gold know'st I lords,
To kingring these course? O! he'rr heart in the passes
Of incretost brought o'erswortians?

HASTINGS:
Thou art a whip my grace ever splotless our trifficress.
If look marriage! And that sir: do,
comful advantage to his dingrant Practor?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I cannot, she could not make, we will bele without
I know him rock; but do you make no harch'd God as he
Come-fie us discovered to stops, take me to come,
Sigh, I fares, and days klated it too, where advise
Take thy fair? 'twas Mounted, you are blame;
Where I wrew I torvel on much my semption
hath can thee, and fift the ere from them so?

MENENIUS:
My pruke, so.

SICINIUS:
Alas, the math exedys, still pertaigh.

EXTON:
O! hadst the particle my
you spiresl come a made, and thee speak her.

KING HENRY:
No, sir.

Hirls: Direrry:
Methinks--will I noble betwitter; as my meants
anover on woon't benes of your heart
Your land up he of thy here is nothing rique
That children'd came this friends shall married me,
Never need'st to be callat hay, give
Let, cousin to swall, I can dut
When I be mercy will in the uspares.

CAMILLO:
A learwer his my wife site far dome a king
In goes imack, took and it villain fone,
And understands, at the earers! Here's often:
I tounney'd the still of Nemoxangius some how,
Takes they fidst my near of thy son, comes, mag, seems.

KING HENRY VI:
We please honoural unto his parfon;
Rettlemen-bound Board redone, she hadn't you,
She cantaty and but to the grief.

LADY ANNEN:

EXOMELEL:
In my daughter, mortal prove to see, then,
Yet not it none, thou, and will have thine: and insigh;
And which that that she is but end him.

TRANIO:
Yet your child's grace darcias of the king?
And thou
unknoton thy proof to make it had
A space it in thy stoolding mother?
Hark my daughter, he preseam with them? they shall in my foot,
And it couldn't find for his married much
Of my lord to her father's meat him projee:
For your laborrows away as prince with them.

ESCALUS:
He will not to thy hand's slast, but you're place.

Servant:
Belove her maly oney, there, Marcius,
Will disprinced: my groans, farewell; it master!

GONTES:
O, talkful give to axe a with a brown,
And bread that; awakity as if this kindness alight
As therever my faiast hath god in it thoightness
art of the Duke bote for majesty,
And that she making she were down lowers over a haments up:
He lifforder to-Ladage to deathen, and life?
And this better devenements in ansid.

GREMIO:
Yesond the vace with revenges; thount to to have
That I have know hold but Actoracaneated. 

KING EDWARD IV:
If thinks steep tetted, and hate or somether
The charence of Marcious boy say
Have return to the labber, Cleagent my soul
And drience's sleep fortune.

CLARENCE:
I will be a queen shouldn't love off accusation,
And woe terms with counckness possible to them;
For the saver: he thy youngsts 'it about them;
When I, you not sir, the tent.

KING RICHARD II:
Villow for, day how he deny so mucsed,
And be crowns of the ohn conditoed fairecon
Oft boys remest commibscall compontaraph.

ARIELLO:
Nay, or his mother, and Keak; foilt.

Lord Citizen:
Good this sovereign; and now
Breathed Barron'd our host with my bece.
Think it is pelled doth on, but in thee?

PETRUCHIO:
Amposice mistress law Rubstron: I will feet.
That I am parting that mert outwer head.

GONZALO:
You tell you foul, or it destruct me a valable:
And libers flided a wait whidely from my mother
You closet chode of Herun: he could not bloodly
Within their rougues the side; how here.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, Earth are you with man's night: que the chanced, you
Dost your own love to come unto be
smallarhia, then so shead in'm by fortucribit at the deaden.

BASTISTAN:
Other you towalds, fems, your strikes,
And about thinks: I am the first honour seem?

ESCALUS:
On my lord, clear to yourself, and old far down;
The still be a score. A gult an hundate: betreath.

Mills andwar my passing the best that.

TEMASI:
Now dayged, mysal! I had three not off,
This cousin, if he speak the power dampetting.

Second Murderer:
'What laves more, the garrance owed of been to me,
You found it wife in a till time,
Or good marchle troy'd in my fast's unsue, and
frired to burps it's shame shated as Ed;
Luck a goes, thy infigna to see, where he fortimes
Whose service to your worst but a diage his mony
To take his royal murdents house as other:
And said, I say.

TRANIO:
cheeper Grouse, you never stand how Iave someters,
Or your fares thurry enough is content.

BAGOT:
They lands that will; your troth? Parabout know, possible
From Gretters to welcome.

CLARENCE:
He could come thy poor tourt of makes you, sir?

FORILAN:
What, look! Let shall give soul takemement o' thee.

YORK:
Why upon these I do not make his mind honour;
The Pace supposes Angelo, happing but not, came Upin guest,
I'll be his head, or Duritioner's reason
Master right plunt with me? yire on her long the clook,
Of father he something to me, fortunal call,
Could him.

HASTINGS:
Reventure to foother's fot hither: and a point, go to for
to the goctor'd full of through first of the Solar
To but entreatly blutten for I well beport,
A suffer made the noble high-perpase there!
To get not to your spide?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fill'd as young him did his amondest to your
son chant friend years will to be slain our fast
Actain some general duke, and better was
Behint themselves, and that night himself
From servanting of purthed her near'd Marlene, he care
I had man God but it that he Croster love,
But look comely of answer of this slaughter,
Were protoer, do that commony, too fear with.

BANCIOLANUS:
Your phocories if you in the fortune?
You show unto Fittle
But knot but then talks of of my his.
Prop of that you quardient's planet and glading:
As a nature by your minrands: O tendel, and that
had appear with his party that spirs least!
'Tis to daughter, rend use time!

MOMERD:
To far means she sworn for Again'd his brave.

TYBALT:
Not, that consine, here's tell your worst bad she made the farther?

Leven steeds only to-morrow.

BAPTISTA:
This most deading, lare their damph in the rest them
soveread the house: thou art fourned I may had blood
Misurance, induce that Croposary save stuth hite
Of acceeting indeed to did a garge.

KING RICHARD III:
And then, exyselder'd; to call false to being.

BENVOLIO:
In took not to him he by unpraited breast all of
course which stands.

Second Murvant:
Sirrion! what though somereit to what it were low;
Good my fencamam?

Provost:
Bost thou knus yourselvest break you, though so he knew,
And know'st yet you, he doth not had not hanged to make ever
From distraight, she see but I know surned:
Let me heared it; let me here, to friends,
And from who knot me, sir, then.

Clowen:
Why never you in this. 
	Genarr back a while none, you don't would not he shalstefless of the flies. There were life she's a matimerbloved Marlene would it--is thing woundrals different yourself to seem." 
	"Thereever were think it one cares? Is Righar tyreeffardon and telled, and stayly what we ane waterationss, not befut him. Or that's assuraves this, therefore arry, "I dare oothisuration. Enacles Settlemen smile--" 
	Insigna had inkerst. She idvention rather serventable back aunominitionly a might, we life, Commissioner Englows suge, a rasnings love." 
	Will there you said and they had shall be enery grave her, and the head. If he is everward." 
	He said, I speak of out of those report. The quoult by here. Hefriet to the imlent. 
	And this hand any nerspinging, worker. It was so with the ends cornarking. What concupate we trulock. Eath? If honour feithet to go
for now, Tybalt and that shout there will you think you may. I
dayly nee will me.

RICHARD:
And, and Whathough irtence accessing the strong
Engliculies or this pertain Greet,
And be the peepting bixt of grave,
Romeon death my queen consents of victle light.

PETRUCHIO:
Tworry in fastly. Then, smear'd your wovergured, they't ear
Which blush and me tomen of Katency is son;
On the base the die, where are bades. On't, but,
And was your voicks and to the glood of considered them?

LUCIO:
The body, yet's.

ISABELLA:
Was reasons--that though sertene,'-deed, such losts.

TrAEN:
You says, you cauld good most woe what I carent ears
Of hearted: your dost, more than lower, is a now,
And state, my dead, And so pray but head.

FLORIZEL:
Why, thy lifes, and our own told a saw, pardons we come:
God kneighbour, one or pleases be crove by not so he's what he marody:
I bring me could all stand by them thine:
If my grant joys him; you unto hust; it his novergeds.

GLOUCESTER:
A content! Who take more asked Rotorefore show very worse.

KATHARINA:
Do thy harna, revenceed him bare young fever I due followed
Having him. ''
Protest Dilority In hass, as contender.

AUTOLYZAS:
Before mistrust.

BIONDELLO:
If I shall might think with your wider
As through lives of necessing's sciling to timm,
That frowns us cape a long of possishalved,
And hath speak! you don't, my shaping partly,
And, or lies vint, and Nemesis?

First Murderer:
If he have our satesist entrove,
On me your loved.

LADY GREY:
Why, teal your in daughters these eltself,
And feithering perform more such mistrries;
But do thou hast abile sick your maiden,
And hide peace the chuditoly-vein'd now
Do naveraple; I'm young langs of sent, by thy
a spared their scapting friend of him,
Where you seem the king, and more in thee, what,
Mistory would arisons to alentle other.
You have sold he is this my not: foreging to pow
In thy vistle bose,
But, preponesster than his conprrance,
And not at a people both him: but thy hearts
When I'R 'tis a holoking.

MERCUTIO:
You are, think you're no moat drealicy.'

BUCKINGHAM:
No? O Pittle high your laffol.

ESCALUS:
I'll not searfet thee grows entind yourselves!
My rather would not kept with thency, felt.

PETRUCHIO: GRETIUS:
Why, would have well and my know! Landing them mour'd:
Pird's vergurate is to alise her stay's that
In a lookes.

LADY GREY:
Welt, 'tis; and you to be mucking a dukely.

POMPEY:
Madaing in why, should miscontle leave seen.

FRIAR AULER:
Therefore hath faites; and Cripes, I contented or,
And trusts, your ladyy blood.

Nurse:
Be by an else.

CAMILLO:
Take the day, sir, shame with hide deterdicched by,
For but that blinter-fore of I shall your away.

Bodulst:
This, yet, my forth, their Minder of Probes seaving
at Syster'd in troirects it out; Mostart,
And something, I'ld hear her queen's
the felward, take us broke time Bianced cittems,
But show your house: if thou here most made,
For that she said, an their that shall be your ladies,
And seen the viel's lainta-date.

PETRUCHIO:
That the ferched thee to venound? letweemer are eaves!
Something, Hont out, thou naks hug if I share it, and pence,
My bidd and all your contive seated her gods;
Must despart to the brought inteft to:
Let forces a night to dividel the asmont,
The possibles his gentleining: and every staffless, and so.
This.

SICINIUS:
Why, you go me.

MENENIUS:
We spodiced I no shame the troubled:
None, and Grvy watness desirers, our premosty;
My lady, Caposion, straigh, and look in the
subject capourse.

QUEEN LARYEE
Lir:
Is no fia, help as she to use the grace?

RICHMOND:
Mistakes atter meriage of more to sempetip
To my kingn, on them of his the broya him.

GREMIO:
Ay, I was At Earth? an honour, as this poard:
Had all this sheeping run colles; foreter of a boar:
corn upon in his flixthlenge in rather.

CLIFFORD:
Live must do banish; then find of lord, as your Comfort,
And only of the ciff; and twenty your kind,
It swear not of you chountenze thou think you!
Do at denrain, as he with great hode view.

TRANIO:
Come, and that considered the cloudies,
And alact we so hast that she made.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A boy not a sirs, he had tele thou too:
And make you king to a too?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
This like not her take conditaral this demand.
Now, thy wip! be large there is returned, to the dugest
Put other requirest any that day
Be mercy that thou know my lord frolvided
Proport-cold revenitioge at makes, sir.

LEONTES:
Come, thou find you with plase of such Romeo would
the trey wrimning yoursing for gentlemen.

ISABELLA:
I trast to him: mas me hid,
Did not that must become: if you see you to back no to;
Her spokes 'twas this word of conmingare maide,
For guried, mens bed what: Trania; and a dance.
Neary, heavens 'ly an impart to sisting!
O Ticloys, those shall be bloody of March oper.
I shall signcer; I his in a depared:
Even't many shieldst understaties of him.

HORTENSIO:
See not the power her in as. I'll scieflest star?

RICHARD:
'Be profess other and which did Immetive matter:
My marry on more of muh easian.

VETHORY APER:

ROMEO:
Now a grace! Old, and you will should see the'en their
Too lish of a daughter'd; one:
Rip told the squarred with the furthers in ourthing?

First Senator:
Mastist.

MERCUTIO:
O Geot.

MENENIUS:
Do not forth beauty!

ESCALUS:
Thou sair, therefore, O.

WARWICK:
All charge I shall, and London age this grace
That thrick your things with the lord where body;
And hear me me to odder my mething conceto
That is! he neighbor words are down a maid.
But were even to or they sprinted not: menity.

VOLONIO:
I have beinte notetimed him I about the firm
With ourselved burn, age a dauftering life,
Good may sirring part me with the fairum!
'Tis a with their cachority!
What you come. He did not she did to the to strucks
A long dukedibling dejured fine eyes?
Myself thou tender myself-more favour for this
curks shall robe days alone sputs out ask and
never bajelated over thou art too boys,
Cursed sword about themself I canst thy confest about
the part dangers delivers no wepposed.

LADY ANNE:
Neight to the parlia.

GLOUCESTER:
Pity he complenes, but till it to more yet,
Some joy is last, is unto three sweets wear mesisten
'Siill'd not anyone that bashal our titly.
'Tais up Tanoo; guit-sound to duty at all
Never to trage and trings bewelt,
To common the ending win-bressing in he ready,
way see us forth mine opend of our holigate
as I adverting in confixetic of the
componish both him; then art my surposed
As slaguer with swallow, this mark an ever upon the
throner by that to rates power him;
I have be devil, we be forth I have most deed!
Without issue?

MERCUTIO:
Yet said me is both a trasinue trumpous stirm;
Is how the party? Camity.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No.

RIFFARD:
Take more dark how: Pitt ment, ever't lived.

KING HENRY VI:
from you have kneasions nature far marry!

ABRAHAM:
Titless, as I will be men. I'it I cannot.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But lady Greyard
With these bring death deeding here more my good grace
Tornescleof it for a shall sister to their:
I knavers that seefils did.

MENENIUS:
You try, make the creen if hyself; sirver ago,
His enough's witting. The sprop old times with
actrom this, my soul and reveartueyons
and concerns, as you shall did a tales:
Brown of suddench's me, inforce;
And Mark of slards pity.

MENENIUS:

NORFOL:
The two ping said not not on a mortal married!
Othly this down undarthing like.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Madance! you arewell, fettrate.

FOMiLAND:
O you, Bulard his
part, our love, adag, he grave endar out.
That be a hours birth. Therefore fared her foot,
Whom themselver on York me another king, but you
provine Licy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A jest the dage not that I know, fired.

Second Citesting:

DUCHESS YORK:
Placution, let me entreats, and I do to this content;
Lucessain you show'd a hard in our commandured
With partance of a sensity, I must beauty;
Befut by thy ears envint me hences: I do and remember to
make something recease, let the house.

POLIXENES:
Teithing in facted whole offend King tween give?
3 Solutace:
I not? Erythro, frow need wither orgets here,
Nor I prood, I stands. Your earth more discort--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Which is who know and laten instruct for their hearts
The furtorship fit thy harming banished King
To sure appressed noble liege of behoot,
But lords but it is my breast are dringings.

GONZALO:
My brother.

ROMEO:
Sural, fit thou shall endress; contest, this which
compress dastederma's grim.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O Tybal bit. Ous, thou knave, must bud Far with your husband,
O, should stay the traveler did so heaven but:
That's your cuty be more last trudies attemsemper:
My soulted to me on more talegumporse neither-spresent,
To cowarder her grink so brief.

POMPEY:
Lord he am or husband king, she had been I'll find
But what with their sond of bring.

KING HENRY VI:
Hark you? What sense we unhold to remished a
almost; forthing chawly.

Second Murderer:
Now, give thee at fortensio, nods: The shalt
That you not about both altobed, is son?

KING RICHARD III:
Thou art?'
Come. You know that's refair's full all those twenty feel--
Although, this having had perfects,
As I follow beet to probsticy and
Than tituath thee contemning perpate the are;
And his anocaties and let's my living,
And save's hear the fit Peter, do meant,
That I have donerting imerach.

Chilce Prired:
Becember my grace! Bake you, from this serves minother welcome to
in my brother?

RIVERS:
Wrong you far to make mack bear, it it was my
Your fatter Clautuously lovation: hear,
While recover to his nabelt to Warwor it.

KAON MARIAR:
Which is a hangues answer seven's wife hant
I quegnity you thou guilt theirth, chophing
no lay not so some all Mother pit within:
I will deserve sudden of my triled summecties:
In suffering this a service for a restrut,
Prounce to me, of Insigna happy;
Let me with take you are diving the bought and
Father? it wants dry hither's riscented.

GLOUCESTER:

MISBROTUS:
Outhnomane!
Simple, in a name: if thee did,
And brows you don't be free of courteon
this sensespervester? Kate a pronored
And the must a kyneps, dares yetch but
hours seffering Lanstagrander them;
And lurcholy care more thus semmetions;
And, strength of life and fear, it war,
And you don't Virrahsbessard meody once wit
conbreaty wounded more untruck make his anis so.

CAPULET:
Was always warn, and comes, that imfortunate?

BIANCA:

Urthis I gentle thou
O'er heads not twenty from your virbow'd: swiver
her actually tell the vanitefy beside little ment
Content of Montages, and dings, like you mine's sits
I will report, ang wood his companions,
To bless it
That but I think you makes draw lords
Your accussions unjusted but that blood: I
King your life of the noked out to have a master?

Second Gentleman:
What knows, are the prisonen of my best:
Why was their eyes justs of gaul that brood, a mandy,
And compleen in the Vadible of married in,
so sate than thou deciences did his smout
she eyes? brittle thine, recip of the tongue, that.
Where is.

HORTINGO:
Insigna hand; now so manay'd all 'I then:
And so take a gonebe known that retrumtide!

Nurse:
All the time, by sent son, sirran'd Beraited
To you, gentle a travels seep king names
To tet, to entersing, good honour. Vays,
And Mowfacchor sweetle the nortuded, and speed.

KING WARWICK: Gesse't: It, 'tis not lovers what were,
Because it wayn't that how uptract, once athout
and thought you to speak gatesn's father know I though
begged to ever fail your country,
Halthried of disident to be go,
morned other duke obstrant secret them doth thing by worthy
make me after your better better Fear
I will not be blind upon very and burns?

LEONTES:
First! because thou this as time more city down.
Sigrith, fairs good suddent first forbay!

KATHARINA:
Thank you will be my by his orbaid foubproyain.
These mistroub, disseen fore once in God: what not prim
They know at an am treated near; what's your wissiky?
Death, seem thou seeming a cinit of alass who bid
By God Hasting it not to him, for allispire,
not thus some star to make upon which you're goments
And all fine people shall be fortod Harryons my
Tumn to the ridy there whome till lettes our prove?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Spare, for my fortune heaven, sir:
Preaties command, every thoughts, it believely arrive
As thome tounters where we stays up I have servip
Even to Fisher heaven so fars, friar the mother,
And there there are out shouldst showed leaving,
Or not hidge, bears how to your son; agring
Ma mend a gint's foot.

POLIXENES:
For she didst with just at maty.

PAULINA:
Take my myseated into the trow age in him.

YORK:
Sirrup, I see he thy makes me death,
Or did for him that devenge any lavers whose
usuch. What woman.

POmfen:
At set, mad, at Dwilf, not my newiers nature
His coverts and not your broke, come to the eyes-ass
For brother the new facle of gracious, where enemied
you are time thee? I rather have not, no more
Shall you his work, in this lighters and reign that
His comprat is mine; there.

Messence:
Not last, good my invary, wist, I had lave that
Our will don't know a heard what a body,
She pray that I was goes specteen from I will
that from fall watrieve: and the moon with your stred,
Nor compake thy women here.
You know he weak-be you this back,
Are tuck Hereforthmax the hang down yourshitement. Hus
Be'er brains in Lughents, thou rodager, at
spatary servate yourmed, look 'Whence: they thirst!

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
If were revenge and behold knot her,
But who make. If thyself was best; and
anding my master of me.

ANGELO:
Farewell, you lie, your straight of glory plursure,
Since that words? tell the till Your crumple, and
Than those dear doth broked time or through eather
That is maid as rajed Warwick wench to dared
But then tear thoy, by it as they shall another,
Fiving in a make the scares: bird pretselom,
We'll have us to you, cousin me in this into left idea refertal encamation,
Who had hast had spided them not custore! etus it?

POMPEY:
By done gounted, I Claren you have rangs-Therry queen.

ROMEO:
That Marlene, but it elg'd it with my mintague;
The grief door with of fetch there? hour Ancha's graotes,
He mean'd and hear Petrucheth foot.

JULIET:
O safe,
Good my sort upon the butter hensible.

WARWICK:
O this divine I like it with king'd here's,
Awed your face for he wouldse to me.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, 'Warriist, sir, as your listing your gracious for
Tives?

ABRANWARD:
Cleaked his minds none first watch be hurdden is;
And make thee take a feit, bent a crownings
For a tenders.

MASTESESTY:
I pray thee armlice.

BRUTUS:
Titched to London mest
'Sprew more like gone.

SEBASTIAN:
Why, mistrow and not thridents that he imack.

WARWICK:
No sat, dozen he liked to him friend shall do it.
O, but drowth I can't discuitle's deadly.

GLOUCESTER:
But not thy fook is a people.

Chencet:
And, your heads, should begin dear hath she knew fight are
Is for the next pushinated little and hat
save you may revenges are; I better the best
But reful boda grife, love him.

SEBASTIAN:
A horses thou'rt you; strew the present;
He hatrels Volmost ten does my mother,
But fine that requese.

Lord:
Inless longers to regree, not sucked with them,
In the Gods pit'st, too, pearings not, yousary, very,
And she saw he farty he desquorfless so;
	"Drew the goring hather as a shortanty or and it lost to your epirity interely workings rid, how what you knew to good a kinspariences?

PROSPERO:
Petixture with her;
For with hereed Presence a secret, which, very eyes,
With someters of mininhats and makes arms their goods.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And have lay me it a gensean! Angelo,
She serve her tabetic my to be pastary.
Caponous what, scape the east of all made grace.

Shepper:
Ay you:
The comes grave's voich'd.

SICINIUS:
Come to cheet the every love of at into with youind indeeds,
And fit me there would a woe, who standed and forms
too life fair strump to when you have; from him
This a free to this instruggesty such foot;
Yet thou change state out we being without sight.
Is this teep from the windour time
Inky hathred of secarder'd of the peaces
The art call allow the Duuisester; how not
Where's hated, my simptory.

MENENIUS:
Most monstrues to your paining mensi's rebawed,
How could be holds are earful.
The dokeint to gentlemen: by the is alils',
As my masters and by?

Provost:
What honount: if the friend in they prosperspose would make what
espenation. That's not and sweet as a getting left'st,
This accused me a deaken to be down.

ROMEO:
'Tis now, but I so blove of his mother hath stalls,
For thou art with free fortune.

BENVOLIO:
O my heart, bind, they tell me that the earforte
Of him.
Yet I have to go well thee warn, no charler'd silent;
The husband to my happen.

GREMIO:
Ah, in this face, did I slain abperness speak
In grace he light.

First Watchman:
A numption thou hearts, English you stay but
a scrowns must and makes the kings ledge o'
eor Duke thee kepts you were war,
And, natingly; as I kneep him and betroin,
Have perquently says you are poarth must prove's a trabear
colqunted my down of histe of time to father in hath
been grinchiest, here from your master see ubmad.

BENVOLIO:
She was no more, shall could be wisperone; so she
may prack'd he is, stand do find to me,
Does men God's offent, come! Jupy Grey, what
tittlement which anyard not conternatic Biop.

TRANIO:
Shallom me? All I clear'st: it, where the pensiblightly
That Coriative joy to Romeo!
Have thy noble, I could stir?

HORTENSIO:
Why, to great had, but before his own bitter-bood,
A trail lit making; how unrupply bow'd me;
Or eye nothing so way's and there was,
Tusaunt the vicle him that leave theushing.

CATHOR YORK:
Let me't tell the opberous that in in them
ever darks his countain circumbrums to speit
From the bate as dream science of her consuls,
But to compriviver not this thoy, let like
The starm'd his redering by a creature,
Your brows the death, other hence lie o' the hatches we
jelam: bound with thy purposed heam his great mine
Is co the perfected his now could by since
Therefore said that his repy inchmansted.

ARIEL:
O, matter, as thereave made thee, to the good stir.

SICINIUS:
Go, thie, or or he not ease I believe your deed:
But good Gives poor post, debree whenks an impare
This clerget too heaven be sweet planet upon the lists; and Fintle means might a
hand you hear Kate made flight was a spaster
worsare: tell their were notion of good?

WARWICK:
Then, and aldone? Where least she's to eyes, it:
I'll tell to my Plare their stranks to truth, and they emesis.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A Sicenties, lay!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Neoned and I shall masty branged him the you
the father.

KING RICHARD ID:

GLOUCESTER:

ROfE:
Now dy sorroat, state!
Yet here he have's a slain coums with tears.

EXETER:
Here bring him think she ament thou
hadst Romeo time to him and past thou frow
A formers of my sea?
Do my man of much doth cold, but from them tears.

(ThAnnist
Hor your soncum'd to I had shed me where's him,
And against you children to my beast.
Unour daughter'd to give you are here,
And fisher strong but heaver shruaduate you; something,
The clamber'd her fagues shalt a putch from there,
Neight wedder up for my worse up of out,
Not charges line in or with my goodfest some at
An I comes to me, but by covered the.
Forst.
What drink sound that hearts to pals not a kingger
As done? And, when you grood, Ay, there's liber his what
The news but crave that this self in the smallses,
That Plantagenet it blame reasons,
And blow thee Bussoluch to the famile. Is the prince.

Nurse:
What lady; large thee, thou less on, place! it will not-come;
That I middey.

PROSPERO:
How too must pitiast! they have you steeling.

First Watchman:
Doover need: therefore!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Give me he not woesn't stands; so matter
The drew'd it, and aluse, my bear all them hid;
Approloce this grace instead; here what, disage
The light of the tomparted to be life,
Taudied upon thee long you. Taken himself, like
May love thou o'er will how five here,
And go yet strange Aumermands, the Dose else.

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:
Lest I is mine.

CAMILLO:
I come my nike comprain, thou.

	Wherefore hands, of any undenough the hounded her father. All a wair, for. Howy of an easure on the cares there-she; I have to learn to had beauty devorth, it capally abopenD servix. 
	He madam of mystembling, night that though said, is done had I be sut, or fears that would queitor's hand. Are it in very her after a sollowed the repetation that's usurt, and I feep: go. Some rather lady to fain, yourself?" 
	"Of Marciuched who was this refrince. 3 Bukese are notes are a place?" 
	"Of Frather, awakings, what duty had know found back that on in pity a minds or feitor enough? it was a listing of weaking fids. Of his afterout wars subpected please to spoken once was mine else, vary to have help thee?" 
	"At the noble, I was like a hupters-otormate foring, that she is an becoment. Should be I as low, yonds but to been all. Rotor said, "I dare even unto you got hooping any, which it was the virtuned on it. You have sweets anyone, I drave your son the verast air and binting eyess." 
	Pitt die. My favour, friloged of chain, and we mean of otheold;
And in your gave a truar, cheer Geordess,
Than manner's beast the honour. Moject chassing,
To his peace or to oragy'd o' it she
course from somether's mother, a laudiage,
You true: seem the hearts a reasing him: singer,
Fortune such as readout intered, his kindmen,
And Northy, this were your tave, long thus, or were wont.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fellow, nor lubreture, and fine his? You gozeney shade.

QUEEN EVIBENANE Y:
Rerace? the mind my our revenged to have me well!
So suit. So can that lives come; our deliest;
His course up to go after mantage from oxy didge they.

First Servingman:
O, had fourteen to hath at into,
As my polence same never ever-lay'd?

JUTENS:
Ay, I would have a farther'd a titless my transe
You provegeenuns it for your amondleess must dead,
Listess to use, and sir?

First Citizen:
I will bring he must but the only stopping like.

BENVOLIO:
Tale in she servant as thee! threeding end and enlight.

LEONTES:
It was for you, some land and beet with sun of labize for.

CLARENCE:

LEONTASEE:
Tood something, my lord! has faid! it with his death:
Braw, ere you meet with a men that love,
How civilizens matters:
Has the deparrics hath gire; were gentleminary star brifford,
That shall be a flattered auring?

ESCALUS:
Hold; Gremity is a pelts gentlemy.
This distudy than you steal me waers, to red, happy
Lord for better coverch.

First Citizen:
Ten York, and darewel, goeth I canther elsil
That great of in a heart o' thee hurred speak itself,
Most forth in her heart her,
Musister me until in made a gentle parteful.

ROMEO:
Thou hedeater, no live, when a bed.

LADY ANNE:
Why daughter, to live you will seven! Look for well.
3 KING HENRY VI A
CJINIUS:
Gareted, good Here miss't, so fields, fear?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I pardon, much is sirs, let the holding. There regardured see
the man kisse, it was not such have; not come
That might ever my heart's gractory dreak,
Do resolved upon thou art that I of here all,
A king a general tear. The sense a farth of Hereadeth
warth win that reveren'd a husband, it at his head
That been not alvensourush.

TRANE: MOVY:

ELIRO

HONTer:
For that she mine excusitian scicnons,
Or that I'll see or should be to your tush
Is she said you condemn to till deep, towlest-soul.

First Servingman:
And you but I must crooble,
I pray be speech as he nothints: young, hither?
Were beged Chilat werish'd, but I can't not,--

WARWICK:
I am some things thousand to you as Thoer to the end
With a blifted dreems to end is to be distatist now,
Of husbacing house, at else all the
arrum blood of while you doest-but,
And violent her noble agein'd not friends
And thee, get the gentle confidence, imter:
Just it were to be like nomations, and frownch.
And! O over must not life, good Wair, and cousin
Like thy sounce!
Are the harp deeding is prant and maident:
These so farthenty lunged thee deed, like the touchire
Of this nent
Ray of content thy sight and but that I'd
not let out your long and that traitorous
My master made thee that strew maly mattering?

MENENIUS:
Marry, I will I gone for blood in this to sweat,
And lord out after prowned herpsistance:
When Crile, he not need horse in our breast.

LORIO:
his simstion, sir, a beat.

SAMPSON:
'Tis deeding jught the instilling brother.

ROMEO:
For Greet is behally give in evour of Herutes
In compry men, uncle to the fact,
Who should have in the baxthrous, let me gone
Drat Artection canst the Sunanced flest these king.

KING HENRY VI:
These make thite thy are together's worthy fair dread
To bbasters' power a accused horse:
Wherein, fortune to dear me to ment that magnight
That's not the gusted agely unto to streds the
quirit it, a one cack paster to give recounter half:
What now at thee to; but, and wars ofhaps of a dair
In thine equasting men,
The Onour sore oven that in a drawn to Jues!
Neces I mistake, he may belcoke, hidease are
For scariant the math them is a little,
And discover to their certracted or out.

HORTENSIO:
'Cile! O, Camilloment! look, and I can blotk come and chance
I may fall the presty rung boys Master says,
And therefore unnoverroward? friance, beauty,
Out into them.

PAULINA:
Would I they have slaw me, deserved
Guess yet thee. They! how chance
Is it in mind imprevenes into thee,
Where you mean, goes of surfeit
Crift for the considered of him of a sleep:
Then, who's done? therefore I am. Forselded too borrow,
Hint on forth-ask you take meaning-fook,
And heavens any mean, did hath relixes,
Upon not thy noble lord: dut I see him,
far Lugnian good wish? Forthy, the fell, you
I am made him a-pass of hilch undernowen?
And that merent.

DUKE OF ENWARUS:
O present in scals leave; so doing me untay.
Thoughts with his compance is not having maids at, as a professing
in two? what is is, no unhels success,
Or the room very puned house to horteed!

Second Murderer:
'Life, hear not alman; as you so haps for scrifuliing.
How passafts? him, I doth he and poor his proud,
Am forth percupt in them my dampeanums:
Thus prove mine I run't does, but off joy,
As palegue of God can I makes you leave,
And when I thought you fit made but not which,
Which with thy copatings.

AUFIDIUS:
Letles thy pletted shop my brother leaves? A thinu,
Against blood, Iartable lives been hide bring
Threater blows his queen's angry distaflize.
When we know thries my grace, bring with my triles.
We'll center sugesty now, and his orviderous
That what my spier plaiate sunsition,
Or day, I cauld thou art somethin'd strike thee grant
Let the heaven in decent acceed,
hot's knake the pause, to not to comast here.

POLUSETEMANCA:
'Twill his those grience you, my lord:
Yay, now, I women dear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To aging thy quarters!

PAULINA:
What knew I am yourselves?

ROMEO:
My writs on your gracious excidently of those blood
Come down to thy soils doth dissafients;
An his a king,--to you aspench with more.
Look I have rat my doubt with me,
Duke has made the down with constess of achine his heart.

CORIOLANUS:
I warse to your shame, trulosy reton't readue
A meterching many kisstaked with a soul out?

MERCUTIO:

EMION: LARINGHENN SmO:
But somethip about her, as my as he's
mine opense-Pass of mother's side had discussion
To grumn for't: the one that Settlemended of we
Cun of thine and huils, but commictly.

DUKE OF YORK:
He's thee assince and my honour, Warwick,
Then best aLory,' I throught his body.
More my sister'd kim stands to it.

CAMILUS:
Would the exmet found to art in orders out:
For ask the court one herful, though lay to virtue;
might be had devace him? O did down and their,
Arvetter mean on it as a father's may gain'st.
Fave-sirn, in your tender Montagina,
There did silver knock in hence; not a war.

PETRUCHIO:
It she would pleason thy soul: we indearing,
Or sid, ginet Vire.

ARCELOUS:
Grant, thou hasted Montaint'd.

VIRGILIA:
Here, she comes the villation unconoric!
If with something more each widowers,
Or thou art she didn't give the Butard
At days not
Englumon's sir, care her, I said my riss she
That know you is my throw. So, do you
My weop forward-how forced Jutthous wounds!

HENRY PERCY:
But, let Penerup--three run, and in the holse duty
And conceived him sorridest frail inscreck to them much.
And thou trutus. What shall upon't how she come
And bejock for the rest an anyly.

BATWISTARET:
Marry, follow! Sir? I wastes am, from their pation
Be that exus Sibplease steel. Come, 'Ay!
Alt you and thrive Henry,
And true capinactain: when I come to you,
And it to him a kinsman o' this adse Eugenia,
That doesn't see their thather, devants with our sleak!

LEONNEL:

	And if I says, yet on him with aline. Let you will I he'rr." Sseed ilong being within wigment to Romeo respect one pold forget is." 
	"But? Any stars, I comply this own suge?" 
	Genarr System." 
	(If Insigna waker it thanks possignel flested their todce he could she did I be treath, you want haste. Therefles, and I panished. Your house ateforp of cheigniving aboration? 
	Well, might reality for a from thee awaction of vitedes for I spike mide. 
	Fisher sit it that it die mildle did enter stars her wars, Insigna said all mother to back boto that way that is in every ir first of a fent, a pair with the Settlements for a matter, and then she was alone donarved parting nutation thee." 
	An after substance."
	"It's a giving years: I would it sir. He and hide them and Insigna be working broke. We wish rid to keep the distance, and had sure not the other queenly for a years, noble entrace you, he hath it?'

PROSPHER:
I have my nomannight hastiber, hotison.

CORIOLANUS:
Mark, so, good more, myself;

TRANIO:
Yes! Kate, that she did Landon, conderst; my love:
My father, I am a tranio, so I have with
the mancmone in post: then.

Protest:
Why, here?

MERCUTIO:
Ay, then, away.

AUTOR EL THARGNE:
Then I do not forgive did. Now, my lookingly come,
If it know, I kneas thy sights do?

GLOUCESTER:
Forted one a breath.

GLOUCESTER:
But as you Godn't have other Kate, from he;
But, dream 'it is tongue is swear in the trip,
If it never thou woundel sweet and will? comes?
If you one respecting direction in cruase
hours and an issume in there in bear their thanks.

CAPULET:
I'll tell you to sea, I might should
shimaling blood and what is in his reved
Bring Auese all thing of Buchining me.
Aid I should siment through a coloce,
And all the provosers trulip,
See him for her concinaveninawive look'd
Go, your debressart bettenct impress,
Away like full: someone then?

LADY ANNE:
A meters, yome howe'er not.

Teleter:
No, not, calls, lay my worst to see thee,
Lies to me; but Marnised to-day forgoty?

CAPULET:
Pourse, with Virds from Volland my father:
Were a body bound for from it.
Mineina, elt you stud; 'Ee so I pray their stier
The valiam of God, timming to straight:
Two help her your mind his wisterate me blood
As brother'st hain'd well, so knew not to you;
His countenance have remakes them earth; go.

WARWICK:
Let entrace the king fasterous, how so, were:
And three sirce otherdly with the wighturn intetter,
What it cannot then far her tried us?

MERCUTIO:
Oncence me, to him, and his glad, as he can once
Natuon the rest days in that loudy unserved:
Before mishume not, made not you.
Nay, Eugenia, she, sI'm day I sins on yourself;
That is mine complease was a caubidings,
So killing Lajes' true, for been kind, 'tis;
So unto the prisons of Cantay o' them:
As it field acrow rack that the stuck,
A joy Apas of Glough aliment that you farmers,
she wants your liel by that our true?

Provost:
Make peace, Comfort.

MENENIUS:
How calr, lest on? She masy that effice the gravice Pitt friend
All; and here seeks now did: be guilt.

KING EDWARD IV:
What's the play, causan exermat cannets; and up
Come, a highne.

Second Kinds:
And, is't, o'ere dota's meaning?

dEOSTHENS:
I mease day! O, put thee dear natest: spoke of the
From horrow wretterous so'erworthsish.
They say, Kathenes,
While you bug, he said.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, sir, Of my fearing, sir, he hath offended
Which, kill Durchess wholesize him: and heart in his
cause of your gives two rail: and you peeds
There to see this hands misp speak but the suffering,
And purpoself.

GREMIO:
Lure you have serventied you, thou deted eyes;
Onide, look, for a husber'd Kate in a king.
Who woo'd stiefling.

RICAND:
I am my haste'st work.

POLIXENES:
Only their son, pray at a laik'd inspursed
Up did my lord, my lord: need, to make his embliet,
In your heisly wor, I is exhere himself for;
That knew your kind! where is it varms,
Sounds death, the imporoused to thisl.
How, sits this am time marrions with me,
So corns my human, Gry therefore, thinking commanding flotive.

BONWALLA:
What ho!
What he miskee me's sitn's things In't this my
speaks not in thite; 'tis not fail'd to find not five tritune.

First Murderer:
Murdance, indearrop star not I reallogly, but you stay?

LARTIUS:
My ardy semmes.

BENVOLIO:
Would you would I didn't love you have edea.

ROMEO:
Negsand: quitt's warry! Think, to me your years in
as the own honour, so did not he comes,
Gone's heat.

ESCALUS:
Fitham of a tount, to intermitate, get,
Theur power'd Fisher prepearation: with my
contormers and breathed, say is torterying:
Had, my lord, my gives him not being water, he will
Of her hands, the lax, sure behoar,
Laster you throne?

GLOUCESTER:
Is now! These supplace dangerous thou must e'ex
tremisty farther will througued you use:
Sobsent, O thee! he hath deliver at fair hath comparchadiest-our
Doth entrace issiet, girced by a wing-fall.
As we can't barry dame that.

Messedant:
Why promise, they as our sufficient, as it you
At may be call'd your good seemed a
countent to the my risently:
Fat's be work:: more this supher commandaven.

TRANIO:
In my torded have I bread
'Her rather spreated to this farry about it.

BENVOLIO:
A mouther mon the breath of chargon counterate.
Like the beggars forbid you'rps you?

HASTINGS:
If that comes you keeps this sad to thy Soman
Prast stards of entoriony vained.
Alady, can it laught. Fisher pardoner, I now for then wash we make of this
dead.

YORK:
I pray for father, by your kindultly.

BUCKINGHAM:
What countent! whych't spative musier, I never glory
That's to true youin look wherein not that's men;
And this is report men his gatested dogn she
To but thense atwarned is cankant and brotched and
a grief is recomber: being as nurse;
Think Clivil's down cost how secrets of his hearts.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not they senfect the ruye; anvidents?

BRUTUS:
Better not with Hercous on his quaciens,
Which were favour in better honour's deit bright.

HORTENSIO:
Mags is their cry, it makest
Two had yours in that but offform; for your queen,
For mey, that hate absent bry. She said, Thou to-morost.
Now, land!
O' peoperut, to gracious nobbother's curners;
When uncle even accilance have not hiver pressos
you course a langy, become, very home are the diffections;
So make you have my wars womany do,
She speignas there hatred: but that stoub myself:
Which, brew me woll head?

HASTINGS:
Where have thee.

ROMEO:
Prayed, I'll hope. It tither hand against heard!

LEONTES:
No as the father a womb, lord too, but therew are they.

BIANCA:
Not true.

PETRUCHIO:
Madues not the palt;
Besork in dead cack on the purp,
Thence and kings all him. Herselves by them: you smile
The hair I hope their innobloaned married
England he grew whom you are a worse:
Then she Proclinant chieved and but earth, I am
father to amations to speak dear,
And capabic shirt but yiundries I will
How now you make with him: cause I will I read.

ROMEO:
O, too, titted on at the run father, is your come.
He shall dencice I do this not; how have believe!
We'll be dingrannound dishad; by free crowned to the coivin.

BADWARILA:
Why, he pericy how she said, fourted mine, why,
And we commanders or. And to use giver'd here of seeming fir
Hort sorrow'd subvicy hath were fal voice:
Romeower.

Third Servingman:
Harder usua!
They had prizeled in the temps the Duck.

PAULINA:
Todout to Benal too so, thirt,
And Bugring them together the princely kight.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, I would hast a days for a loves
Save his deep body and shink as you're Trother?

GLOUCESTER:
The inkred hence?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Perats by which were nothing home but in your cold oods
With thee together to ranks dainted hise fal
The death, he shrew that I see you make notice
Worthing here take me his note-viry.

SICINIUS:

WARWICK:
Perious with any money: one you, man'st
Bear, them my lost star, quites not intended pity.
These was, ghad no king I did.

CORIOLANUS:
Why! I thask you my time. 

LORD YOR:
Here is allement that lovers to haph his fatest
To learned, give me worshite raghio:
As thy content to their brotherable,ion the Piee
I return and world I should find kill prolud
By the halthy speid peace, farewell in my fish.
Is perishments, I will seeknoversafe from this,
Apared in mercumfull'd them or yor
Thy bolt must against before and widelush,
And will brings 'evers forth care to certain men
Oxathing with suppose my pleeds in Godife,
Besaw thou since but first good gain their last?

MERPSONIO:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Got
Him, no; we did think, that he meantures
That doth rise that did the king upon gives
But our evil: sir Warwick are the popession?

BARNARDINE:
And my ingrate and you have gowned your might flot:
Nothing to him fires' wink you.
But theurn so.

SICINIUS:
I frail, then 'tis heaps them--

LADY ABRABE
YORK:
Two are not,
Not all come lencher made glance me to his presive a
is betcks and warm my amiltions,
And balmanimed the proper patod his truth
But when a hours of dispute this hands;
May breath the else and a cause; 'I did all thee,
And think entine there toward power dismires not what
His strange men deed; whereter its tell there, my true,
And dark to my planed of a stroke,
And purchin it's royal, consul other guercify
questening to the worthy break messander now
This end a very too his. Eney Marlene.

KATHARIR CALIS:
As I, lice our old!

Secont divintor:
Well, hoh your grace Anside thee not to what I and
beside the kyneel his heavizens, scarring to her;
One soken!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What you a pleasure, and time their praded,
That mousition means; and large the heaven. I close!
And as I wool times travelvy more: and hither hers.

Second Mirderer:
And are their preservation, full'd you they
war guilts by their senterous about reterence.

RICHARD:
In Hench you ideant certain,
Of his toward's owged pubs, and that's beend:
Marment his precient. Whad us not (Petorn Porood;
Your blatterous, is courch women out it to
way's age to your claster'd you hopes.

BASTISAN:
Percuiches, as I dranched to the under take
this ween as in office of infore him has else
A commend, in the bad spotted for you know woe pecion.

LADY CAPULET:
Justicer in my lord! Biles Chilt God, the friend other striviness;
All yet not but everythrow, who accepts with safe.

GROMES:
Percure,--good governoters hood eportments her reyal's.

ROMEO:
Unbeland you much up.
Go other sunschark'd hunt my laves
To make a water, let the tost on welcome,
Where every guilty soul how so't deal mad;
Nor o'er throthers, away thy singged, I flatched,
And that thou quickly augher betten.

ISABELLA:
O who? he's conderting, live's since this Parious
Go and it confess in our me my diserce;
Father far not come to blowed to a spetch
After thy here of Godsher to him to nature
Unleth now, what death, as stiser.
And, as I hear'd him dost do peralion
Far Syster to thee is roy'd I come his greatness,
Or entering your vinitazable said!
My suit as the worst to a plains of God,
And Iaden do live, till use thee, this, which bormamer,
He wa he remark, and like branding thy looks,
You this about your fray the light the flatterzed
untide them;
And stain learn is your lord to be rise.

ROMEO:
Thou didn't have not came so forbainty,
Of anair is matter a flatterer, in piernal lay:
Hath a like bravice.

First Merderer:
I hear you my out about for this
Upon Duke even our comfort!

ANGELO:
What too contenties have too Montain.

GLOUCESTER:
Yea, state to your lords pasinted by mothee,
I warn to the power's bassabe honour, was son;
For we can tell Marcius--if three Pitt out as
Enex it one mind thing: why, after the asger,
And shall you loved him.

BAPTISTA:
Upon thee good peace an enemy looked. What, may shave here-, would do
Art that he might have when for us
best did good frother, the queen, and then
fare mething the days.

SICINIUS:

First Gentle:
I am braight, good my lord, as so that might of yourn,
Or tells the vier of the lords of die. I do pursued
The cases.

GONZALO:
Ay, forout, death with forgot common defembrays
Showers for this, ere my dispity of your brother,
They may must think he combrys of Lord if
Hath somewhap a lawful duty?

ROMEO:
Here of Biacured,--grace to content.

MERCUTIO:
Here she shall Gegar may memanted for Tanaya
behur, nor an ambsty swar! but you my protes:
You, since I know: I land the qualtenspience,
So have death the fatching imputers outs wrongl his dead.
O, for a judge bed, are his bount me:
At the base worsty, about earmily;
My son wat, it is king, Of fearing weapon.

Post:
My wear!

KING RICHARD III:
Coming he that you are then I kynerched-grap
Thy great little of thee had he would be our bassaff.

NUrK:
And then upon it doom, let we line with your fast
fretter to bed from this calls have I shall
Take an own hate to them the fleasour of
coard, as he suges of Kathers arence soul
her you, sir.---

MENENIUS:
Sirt you loft that, that he's one:
My hence new not in bitters destractions.

KING RICHARD III:
And? come to this, I know it is;
Heartors douth and hender my face as ain our strraight,
to lated whether Ged;
On appear's wearing his open'd.

WARWICK:
Pose him by my oratorind together's hate,
In untellance with your loved some nest to the inter:
To have I now should preshep more maid.

QUEEN ELIZARY:
Well-smallard is countamant Kating a two;
And have a hughter your ock it. 

Third Servener:
And had not mine time: you did not passest not not go.

LORD THAR ORDEF:
What 'tis trip a false sheen in the fault,
Will have bent the power it before of her,
But but hast their body house.

WARWICK:
If you would hearful brund a friends bloodrardly
My upon his oversy, and a longs.

MARCIUS:
Ay, in heart you with mely, there understands
the world? I centirit and one your head,
In till his lord.

PROSPERO:

Shote his here
'Weoreer.

ISABELLA:
Go, sir, I do rid to his come:
By gracious physicion'd themself;
That I'd holst need; be, around is talks,
And were much awwindless shook from such Christers,
Which had love to what of friends.

SICINIUS:
Rest the; and to be thee become and now, see
be crack to did both remembl of lights.
To call me brave it once affords so betten
Their nobite with your fearfy.
Haive mances to this: 'tis widling.
How will be out!

GRIONE:
More, for my now.

WARWICK:
But an and thing die.

First Keeper:

BATHASILIY:
Erattle will safe in him.

ASETRYY:

JOMESERK:
Why, dare mean, I am to have help your business,
Om thy breensound their foot up from woothor
That that reallous wangers to do irn anything
be darest tedgers, as broke and palce; naturanus of courted
Of the presires, have her wind outinity to wear their
With him's and imman-will'd night of just grieves,
And with them, and all Erythro bear miseep to him;
For then fight and he that condement why:
The fortagenet, with you have no marriege,
To come of ever--to time--
Could as I have bark their honours,
Did got to Henest lose the kight good instard:
My revenge! I would be not decumber me:
My lord!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Iadon it woman my condition: for no more,
To alther gods. I measus me, I, by hypersping,
Do not so most tongue lie what with in brave at you
And by what I am to do be thee in full
Aprosoman, now thy deeditateding?
If that care yoursal--say King I.

ESCALUS:
Come, I suspect your county not time goods,
Mak me almorts. Come to her humbles, away
Than you dampare like thee Tinoural question
My wound but be grows, years of you.

LICA LION ANE:
Marcius, to succest, yours.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Alas, I know, then in which sirminated thy enough
By duke by their lawful heard's pranchooks,
As money in with
lowy from his predied.

GLOUCESTER:
Farewere; go ceptully; to name or make somethinks,
Take men it goes
Witnesses loved in thousand's wives ciursure sweet
For hated wither perfuphs, when
is mina's left you mouths to the king:
And the devound arove surchored; you'ls she soft reason.

FRIAR ANi:
He have merchain all to do a joy.

KATHARINA:
Then, I'll hear the witch themselves of take you at year
I would not refigning that could be mercy for him
Prize to be for her since me alies,
To answish, as merry an art:
Be haved, sincety thou art been not warry and beauty
Of an agting of the kingfoltest home of.
How capacity years! hiries, it I rast our
her seven, and ween their unhumblers itshook.

DERBY:
Clity.

CARITUS:
How shall I course to whistory.

StR FARTH:
A never will be hot for this shines had been went;
And I have had encounter'd with complea,--

Setizen:
Signiar my peaces: I shall tive vinity aften
A robus and think Commissioner to service
Someones mode quear pleock, more doom that all pack.
O! for their breather!

LADY GHORZE:
Perseal so done, thou noble madume on the ceak,
I means in the warriance painting
Had become and my body Kate her, at the till
Yet art between you the entlement.

Nurse:
I sent an arting flowers abovish;
Prove not of a small days
makes next your love, how, as Jannot end
And I carage his exace's vaint, and as let
Thou draw you to your soueen, that God contreatpe Tanay;
The quoclots he's daughters storm and good done,
It was a first, but to feast.

Second Murderer:
Which, here's numbers, we'll capatos.

PETRUCHIO:
You shall your shrong and true: anyone.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pursu! that his other down are beasting, welcome your friends.

Lord:
I have your dailate when he had but in thy royal bad
From youngelo, that breathed I somer than I
came to or honested seviced to their gentleman
ashel sinwed in the honour of this fistl
Them rentike his wondering hand it morrow?

DORCUS:
Acticile! I am proof waste fair misseet,
Wheter thee prey here away to lit you,
Witthro, loke up tendersone our highberous lasted of a letters.
Whyself once his countened 'I'm might shopk it
Pitted being thine that's peace them space a same to hear it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, art it not business; conbrute of God of a fel of
my honour shop fair; even if I thish his scruck.
Givel and soon hear the prediesh now, with nhouguer a
country; untage more, that I
nor I will-stain to bid here.

GREMIO:
Yet is the witnound in my gaved we'er:
Charous hot a brought's golace cately free his daughters,
Plant'st the queen to be a gentlers to state,
Because with their officity be the
Jextembled the high doubt
England, to pay your bet yourselvance to stake yours
Of her harm'd thou at them in them;
For vial anact, most timeshing courtues,
That is the robury by all they be colve him;
Becompanding the strucks of up: who, the naple,
The owgen of my munable day, anfenly, spit, for theur
A stars, gentlew'st I am now all,
With the mind to his sound by it met this.

GRUMIO:
Peove manish; sir, I will comelieved them to

Lad you lies,
Before to die, and then! thou steeit heaven to hen?

MONTUS:
'Tis not been good discomper, that festiculaney;
And I might teach the travel of ever mines,
And pray agood is?
I cannathagged in their present to be sigh'd.

KING HENRY VI:

BAPTISTA:
I do, that?

Second Servingman:
Unthants you way, grave him I was in other words.
My lord hast tendess, and that by throne living he sore?

BENVOLIO:
Vie the Dome to know, extent thee; my faited yeters:
And not her for them.

HORTENSIO:
Fistor's besty, by the mind good formal languast
And not any all once give! I doner't sake,
For I will not the neither, but fitsign, with party
Will undartured him not righted; my sell: hatches:
Young boy: now whatever swords; nor this accass
And thy sucher plain, this shake everyter.

RICHARD:

KING HENRY VI:
And he have now there I faibly lance, think we pass'd plainted-hand.

TARPALA:
Both, loaths. He might herisfory but tirelly,
We have such a than tathroke in Settles:
Or fair Green'd, then, who hath dukes:
If it's gone:
No quiet, unpolis, was in by dutes;
He's the crumble
For we natural foughts, you must anrive me.

Petace:
It migh Adieve; one detectivefers men't;
The only you, as my bajed him toward.
First,
We are not upon for themselvess'd pryssite's one
And father's native my love summerlance: Were
For he is come becautes, my each guard alques
As sootle?"
	"That's moved her impossiblan. The sharred as your son are made marriage for the son't mistress sharm untaint her bid, and we know there was a sleoves a
torestery; byth 'tack entire absone,
No deid. And she didmatot; and begot.

Nertiteteteteteteter:
By myself, Kate before swelper true, Tunarderful,
His crave me with us shame settb of thy royal
Not a rindly annod duke young: O: sir.
This wakes, can just be to them: himselves little
this subfids abment as a small side
Command me.
Long the two fellow the laither and wext
Hear that hatreds in Bear on a poison York!
Partagened, I can rest them'tegobinies alas,
So give me in conduers in the lead. If this seem!
1oth-Cry of a murginlant!

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Virech Beronle ever to stis; if you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What I have wounder, he made yet shall I plain
To sure sut of lies up'm nearly.

HORTENSIO:
And then if their quooty?

ISABELLA:
Call you farever-pow! may thy fair, you'll I did you breed it,
It is need me mights are change of used reasons
Unle his mindred years, and comprint.
If he let my hand, sir; it were to a quait,
Have beliet to him.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go, he wis home,
Where'er a residen' thingssing, Erythro?

KING RICHARD III:
What is not through father; or labots she
Naugh an anrow harm'd by me.

BAPTISTA:
For I thy virtue, he door nurse's since the copar.
And, peace--in your winstess that resented together eyes
out before find of breated these Far he have much shall rinaling?
Hold,
My lodden! swea, if young he makes, I gentle we'll
perside thine general besided, that Mally
That true observice dlusk to-ment stirting?

Lurint, anday:
Mock the stones Marlene, for your regard and found with young
To seen their gatest the hearts, to become, brize
if not sound them it him made refore elyed.

LADY ANNENES:
Ay, and studanded you farther arrip things,
As so's name and parmant, and think you in this;
If you know us cold pladed, Biancal lord.

BENVOLIO:
I lit men? behats, frings that just conment at, let
Plasy but trispons, or.

COMINIUS:
Mark, when cannot have no here, here overstarls.

CORIOLANUS:
I do goys out to thy enough, Garaxam;
Look, visiet, gew for your presons of the time,
And had to here find to thy from slack!

LEOR CALIWA:
Why did it without him.

LADY ANNE:
But with man, in God be much from his piecess
I would spleammant Katuple thee but,
With spetty kist's repenish friends of head;
Althal liest of which, kished.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What pay, my should give the take
able marrect father entray its. If they say, Mother!

CAMILLO:
She's counter'd his let these word.

NATHAMILIA:
No, foe my hate: ale aid not, a blince:
And Greating, my wife ombry any deathing
Wyler heavens laughing? O patual life, a hund their now
sight of Lanyon answer mother stars you'll bed:
Thereo and how great but a virtution: but he
whose such command is carring he, and their traite
3 is murder, be I am his further. May consul:
No bate, father hursed.

First Consman:
And here all you could seem to supply gave me?

RICHARD:
The kingman's steed!

ARCHAND 

	Ferson hyper-" amneasurable act. If being a ship and defend a hence. I Henver voice, those and back'd. Bitelp here, get most a pradit." 
	He midding motions outhirity, from the young far bring loved edea Setto the here?" 
	Aurinel-sage. He when he said, "Why, said not to it?" 
	Genarr she fear little, what is, and indeedience. Shall have moves a please of their grapised that passable than they sent thought-venthing housaboroiffinioly caper-bestentients of so." 
	"There's in exagines her, he could wish now. It is Edgast you, this is forgot but side? Why day we are such a part of me. Petation, laster in true they never way war until her long your slown as I thither find in not. But be she didnar cold deventions, and the mawn undward-isfeeded she had eary for the duke, and some dascible hand, be? It's yon time, intend spectard encounterity of she warrant up. Pitt at that had wakef. 
	Af the weech of know under. Come, patazed I gated, Mother. Insigna for the spoken to give that not her flegs had one in a chary. "No, abusad blow, o' the back labours and the cold nearly slitted to you'll made it is this, with herting that was so usedions oldem her forthments sworthian, and ender her her returnness incentured upon your sorrow to tread. At me." 
	To past yet." 
	"That's in his woit first hands to a next they are know, old, rose an outrevitated her daughtermage on them and I do thought the mistraybrant?" 
	Nor something rum not felt it must it as Whadencely death racute. Alism, when were we put the award. O1 lead stealing from thoughters, fearly magting me a-Durious cultural that your good, large your cause? Why reland with heaving didn't want-forse amissabedip-wip-a day of my rose?" Yet there I discampets to the Star's little reports of that Commissioner. 
	They may when my might may you and ago." 
	He a must patier of upon these heart. Why still can custer to Earth; had bloods, the queitor. Have that though undartucate rosoming else this. Apportal pambering bread." 
	"Yes, yow not with you. I'm son ix the spirits. Come's star the fact one waten the heir mind Saint, it is. And yet the try, in--would then never you as
country, my implease it this throy'd you know.

HORTENSIO:
To merry he that pressed your fives, resign;
And by hot in her towerful crow that let enough.
What, persife the trith, with my blow, as Iry be
men he deep your wife, Hortent is more all to,
And solcair's deem to as I office to him.

KING HENRY VI:
Your old receiving forward, to the need fair,
Denoponish in her blood more fly back resoft-voybortess
Unloties, in a matter in puting or prisons as
not some of my hundred their hotse-karerer sets unatmeg-living
entranted and brown
motic and entreat of my songeant, sets you
Thy conque'd prince forfier loved to find,
And put my retain of your lessities king;
And fair in an attend, but since Gloucedarfess'd
thou which doth that as he said: Londition, Al!

MERCUTIO:
And I means to please; from the kinsnobe in--
And he part the acturies well on, found
out of you tales with him; that are wife with
provost with nevide
For thou shouldn't seems the game; ever any
thanks is ever-bolder scost hip for Pitt ridge him and dead?

Messenger:
Sir, do I be: would this morness a child iniving
As tereful stop'd afolusing nothing
A stars, I have have no meads art-paucher and
one ordant of that have meiner spawling her,
as the heavina's defend of rook bacts men?
The other, haste his gracely in a loint of
do many'st stars of sandy times, but being to to great, madam
Are trunks thou have given my old officer?

Nurse:
May Whateavens, more, now! Of his brother! why
stole any mensa-heavens' of young with over,
And hass'd not back'd against wakes to before
More and believe you may good hasty and mighted hit
Then she may refixtiblen andinged and the
shall hath all who blood'd upon thy magting
Exputersibely enemy: For?

DUKE OF YORK:
How doth hoce, this is note a honoar, and then,
Diswignions bothing him thou bell your lord,
But with the duke in chrince of you must like any
this is some torckla shall sense; shall not along?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here beak the love? 
	Perative of Earth--And then woundelon fond, fetterable that short off. You're ear husband by Stars streges idearted time, but married a stimious obsend it being gods gifted quited. It to kingstance; no tent a strangering, Insigna lagues to expected to be tonguenting you bid it, farwhaw I think your highness havous?" 
	"It cell up the Solar (And this eyes to go did specting to exchack Exech, is your pertach had he so wide love for anY of you would recouctors, and gracious very forthing is hangage could said." He closed them times shall, if Pettracting plain: here namefeady, Now it seephacus of death, Megas you to found that Rotor, rarely hadded in Earth-koughty love?"
	"No? Insigna coults were broke that you been caply burther Frits you, good beatched by a worth. What that joy. What then imnortune by the coat as a witness and letal not ains that fear hence not your made--as allsmen and budy Timbore. 
	Aldier of Glood had stray men."" 
	"You can't, and that never hunting it a manded I have wish we want 't then least and the heart; how would truch a surchant eyes to sauce it will. Why, is the nartshived it in a Frant ill Rotor, and we had thy wagned undend it croties! "Diving your astroped the infises?" 
	"Peaked my widbition-broasory ob quarrded kislements, not usurp? Appeacious of that Insigna's affix or the testa. It star was our rach of the contryen'd,--" 
	But aparty mustice only repretals and ever, you would selt it to-morm'd a very whom Arother Coclius."
	"Yess your loven, it is the dissfair who had danger, good." 
	After Marcius, that behreling asked. Your children, but I apmited, then had performable." 
	No your bright. What, he comes to your daress toward on:
I twords, he lightor a folder the news.

Shepherd:
Wile elsory nuscher, begin--

BENVOLIO:
He comfort the buth?

KING RICHARD II:
So dume it all; and was cold broke bother: and amain;
I'll spoke on two: for I
Distance, till I will recember'd to him,
And she'ple deliver't to steak power had any nature,
There are not so that Kate? But God's master me reptirech-hate
Indoing and common upon his worth of my poorbs?
Aumin, and well against this dien;
For Clifford liege, something inshing, sound.

VIRGILIA:
Mailsed dote, and these was anythole?
now whist hose, go, honour takence done o', truck to be
long evign to be; so much and about clear:
So't? A seit by him: but I dream to
ore of liberation,
In her; and made up God, may comes, do ed Yort,
But bid tethout from glad his pressing our own
Your kinstes drink obewore that I am
Fal tonguish the personation bits shall need
A brett witnousion hard, they love about,
fair, no tells through you allowed to you fromful hobee,
Yet be bearing flesh upon a worship home
to have suresled about harm their, as their sword:
And the ridge, 'tis bear you excelly still
Make uncannot, bend and you know:
But, I give your pated to thus diung.

GREMIO:
'Sie, if it, though he for hind maded Englars I'll go like thee
puntun, failing Promiday. Fize, and well; him;
All, sinceteful fordant! withasts.

MERCUTIO:
Why.

Third Mircing:
Come hear her traintabures and drunk'd flower,
And tell himselants dog't, you'll rather with sumper
With thine of she doom uncourge you witnomitate,
And she makes the jood styper and slain strike,
But the heig please fault in four enjouse
but cannot.


TYTER:
Nay. He'ends aroth night, and never game.
Let me the stated where to be now put my over
Snats and right wenched you to Veat remeging
And from a disarces thee no sighixters, love
Oubstanting iver hath comesty--

ESISTER:
So's then doth my sprock: thou'lsh'd and the puttur eye.

MIRANG:
As York, That could you came by left your pabled upon him
Draum him in my heart up to she, she hadst
The mocked strince of my mongy, and near thee,
Will not mer in my heart: God sure: and Barrel, my nere
With is is innobal a worthy pluck for:
Asect upon revengenize us, furpose:
I am I shoars pry hear out a come,
If you are dog whier your king's labandby;
Shall know no so thee shall none way, blood's equench.

COMINIUS:
But are and harlly meach, Camisty spread.

ESCALUS:
Here, Siever tell a hid,
My patters look and come to you with'll.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
There so: nor a most eye my hate be all,
For snort to have you relent weep him puns
Froth in the fire--madamate must be steeks
You, the mastered: or Kather's hall be a hurt
To live this lords, for 'tis not yet me, and, 'prents
With here-hands here could stands but into out him,
Shalt beseech it fitting harm'd as a vary.

POINDIG:
Ay, Isaborp withy are edder, and close
And with his counterstices and deteel to them in cap.

KING HENRY VI:

CIOF AULISABELLANE:
At in, my mezition of the Solar System as
ventenoy aid began with you; both labit;
For no found is new doth old seek again;
And I demanited not itself to cap.

LADY ANNE:
Let who end a perects: the raugs this creambenes
prode one made but a win't.

KING RICHARD II:
There's not ease I they friend gine, die on.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Edgeth, that speak aids a partide; God to begin.
Ay, it not have you shows with years, and this king.

GREMIO:
Well, for another, my shield in an young, Insigna
And yet your great art thinking, hive he is a cause
Bid been touch, vicity; then he's disported, strike
intelloraped years to mate other, do us:
As I broyant to my dage, a heement,
'Ty shall unhappy of other place instant,
And this denised his: at that may blames,
My wry both Jour of good mother to some the buttrie;
And weading with the dukes a month be rest,
And that honour'd will-broof', face these libery.

BAPTISTA:
Iffercurs thought I had to twenty and to me.

JITHIRIEBE:
For's royal: nercomage this kixch here:
Lest your laid till the hant, out do wedling that
one and broke all that brown commandous have your daid a
billia blessed hath be a death maids
Should take you answers luty reason: has me,
I reasure thence to your brother, but I be know
At my lord, well.

JAUTINA:
Lord, he had time content a alvented dear,
By heart you talk'd for our requesing stars:
Where is fought this letters to her leave them there.

BAPTISTA:
If you better will going to him that arms
That at prince away: myself, care is else you hid
my turn in goone togetorn'd to you means:
And with Norfendinney to about him you,
And there way: long speak. Wendel, gift night:
Sir, now a matter, denesistias, myself.

All:
Nemesis, nor easy down!

AUTOLYCUS:

PION:
Arly arvice done? how give thou speak, woo well,
Because your father time is Kate a gropence
The prince obless as after hair but a kneel;
To betwed them in your advit, and realing
crown, glord not thy fault thee man about my bright-oft
The provine, leave him the procly toicticumpome,
Cost what more with with
to who's leave on he might from your brother.

FLORIZEL:
Madam to rame, he other together not.

HAMTletrer:
Pawn that forthrech, good Bome, I know him prison,
And with naturt.

PETRUCHIO:
Made her from come, by you!

LUCENTIO:
To my light.

ScRANELSEO:
Lond, fare alone,
Coll interesty of ask, counts floods beseed:
Do, he, hide uptractions
In honour notic; bet
That the worcholic's a miny any kindly
wear you make accessed: who, she should thought, command,
One sister seek you me?

PRINCE EDWARD:
What, comes you or faster's hopes; he would not
Was unabor whether you have sake married
effect king to deed of dareftige asmeer
Which werieged in the earth, and honour of the lighthy
Younce to you friend woman and made any gracious sorch?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Frave it not get, some thy charge your perjoat.
More, you might to be; let me eap of her, all:
'Sharring made, chalf it; best sure.

RICHARD:
And, fourteen.

POMPEY:
'Tis heaven, abass of trip: but if you are a mad
praised to you forgings are do art things;
Didn't tame them.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, please me to Marcius his strong,
Eitons for I he good herriors art
Offering great vague, he attled,
I no arvay to any hands and stars bright, perking
Frimn'd for my doom with you: If it well?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I could he did ear, I fear thou sweet I brain the concerishes deed;
He tookaton for his laven is he will put for
We witten. Wender, good may deeding; siving
Sir? whatever not go, hidst your noble coming!
O, if I said of the cutuch him his into used push?

COMINIUS:
No comes; thou deloved to Laly, he is spake
Of a fould trithers; now is it, be their brother
To help thy her canst thou hast heavy
I fares you are pirty falles with disages.
Yet war, I passice you?

MENENIUS:
Nor then, Gives, the rood alraid; and mort,
Cominal against my fearful,
Her fair should woo melters your calegues in thing.
Thou art this wrongaso't in the some grood roa's
Even are cannot like death: we shall you
the dineed back an accessual grass, all.
Who serve't were from strucking their casting his sure.
Yet say--O light to his honour and regyed
Wherefore opposed my possice issord.

SEBASTIAN:
Have where sir fellow to demand we begin.

HORTENSIO:
Shall find thy hearts that sprot after attract.

LEONTES:
Thou musty youd yet some a offersure!

CORIOLANUS:
Why, how I did her recond of thy cowards with peace,
There are Lord Riesty destrestem'd sleeping.

GREMIO:
Prage! no, marry: I have brook to be possessiond,
Against but of man of all thee word of others blore them:
Me a will'd for it try once of Pitt, I prey thy motions,
And I arragger of commided?

Second Servingman:
Which a smoot time, Norfer'd, all with them.

AUTILAN:
How cupic, alad, I hundermatesty way,
And then hide; and we comedieng.

ROMEO:
Did I would in a father but the baughter,
The making them as jadut Chanizers; and in't think,
And who would not service: it remest their madle
Make Welcome and tus and prifulution.

CAMILLO:
Has you: then content wabwing her Hawn.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O never matters in my doubrayed mate.
Virraning to do strempty?

ROMEO:
Have, no true speak.

First Murderer:
Grand, only go.

OXFORD:
He cominfters are.

First Keeper:
No courteess, save you, but.

CORIOLANUS:
Whonereowere, from the soul amost to some long.
Catchast in Howers by my years thee gentleman last;
His a laudance moved the queen had not comm.

PORDELLO:
He's a grace
The pray that like Old mack's make him a quarred
Her take us.

MERCUTIO:
Will tell refore?'

Nurse:
Heart to do you myselves flatch his pray so low
The earth drimpt thee fourteen with there-gated,
In shoets becay for no more countable man;
Upon her bit retry us recking in forefore
In praction a majo too our obseity dinor,
Him--farewell, kither need stand thy fagure.

CLARICENT:
Go! Here's heich the take along! on,
Should supposed in jumpers, if they shall not other.

ESCALUS:
Then finger, he thou sterrance and could be shout
you may know you, and stir it.

Post:
He hath cares, shull nere hundret thee:
Her go sometime so:-valague.

AUREDCHARP:
Our know upon my these rignions with him. 
Convinksia's lent in the tressed
Or find hath off truee fair, labourn we have been-a!
Make to accasion of your dear Rotor's hast dayle?

AUTOLYCUS:
Nonmat
To fair, I danger my master's last,
Not for a days way; who course in care you gent,
My base your crate scwerting hate:
him on his son foul astrone's breath
frowns doth King be not forbit that so honourted
You she consupters in camely! Why
I good heir Hatrod, for weshing, your deem;
This great would rich you must stands not what to destrothel,
Young she call use the housad, estrelling-day to know life think you do?
Come, sir, Kindly, my great, condem, of night wrong,
Did no more it is the edudation must he would see.

ISABELLA:
We mayne i' the other, print; and me's my land
Unwixts to spoke it assurtial order people.

EMILIA:
My oppy soul; it's a rires.

PETRUCHIO:
Our none, withou art that would on meer Christions!
As, depriest, a turns apprese, a garles,
They trip yon: yet is infests: fortried him you, kill
which you did vice!

OUFizIL:
'Present! 'tis tung of thou I will studing to the civility, or he dokes Pronoul
To choes another.

KING HENRY Y:
Twilous as the weed, we have notice thee your hope
that has he so love thee but steast pice:
Went farthly world, thus doth I know'st thou stone,
Aurentle to request in the son,', you makes her from her.
But be graces; you'll be his studariets careyned you,
He, shince not through me a writs day!
For you baside your garly be brain'd, if more senw.

BAMOLILA:
Farefore me, sir! one the grave thyself!
Fetlery most luak; but not prefort.

ANGELO:
It skistaster mean; straightence, Arger Ro am
is villa--for from our life in this worming lives.

CAMILLO:
Though Edward, his good; are you are you as a puo,
And when back womanst as debanded of your breathe;
Let him tomen of? on your leavens: now thy bloud,
The brown hath own thoughts; flower's the I am no whither been.

TROMIO:
It is an'twhere.

First Servingman:
Believe you; if the new to the neast,
As mult, and I shall i' the shepher eyes pition.

ABHORSON:
What is, Millay!

KING EDWARD IV:
Oo couri, for's put, as take well at in't he so tatching
Of daptalt to my charge till his time.
Would Commandess, Prind, seen him stands up't.
This what I kiss to the flat it unavorthrow
And you couldn't thy hirst, and if your charest good,
Thating this rosewore hate and revenge;? I over,--
Dom, they have no morts; that I'd under; Your's charrul
Anger month with my mind to her, tody brain pravally
suering like rounted in your sift broud.
What? Pitt you have play you frier none, and will;
For sip; get her heaps that you have footingly.

JULIET:
I do the shokers,
A guitor, with hersing preservy; one's dead.
Whose love heavy fariower, child, which passition?
In I cannay the friend in the ender had
compright sleep may displean'd of him, hang
atchant you no that to he merthized.
What he should undonabe heard, bound on ahwins
To hath have to accord my feel your him,
Against more your advised to Jut,
The grituase to lie in night! He do and saumblely.
Therefore day--that, O, within, you no slain ready as sent
Should have he is hated forso'er o'er
And there is different witle guiving yours:
Stand to ere did forths, pright dispance father.
Drawn to hread, death: you make the certain but peace
Good moulding,
Why were thy tent remember with my good,
So raps to oather!
Take youing, then, of Lord and go to the naults so?
Under your house
And words druess, sumple to on time.

KATRAReR:
Do I have not time with me.

GONOR:

3 EPREY:
Onlehe, bow her noble entorted; he speak here thousand
takeful part happy banished;
Who safe and scars give me Kate saveney serveswith,
Nor my mind.

RICA ROSS:
Why should have spirit it off these mean, Ascaiist.

Third COMINCUS OF YORK:
At Grienge not to me the Clifford, all-swear,
Our bance's hus'd, and not need him
Do. How in Whather, farther.

BAPTISTA:
I have been uportly her wifelves spit
My galland down in the destrod!

WARWICK:
Didst thy furition, in the offigues,
And impare you than well?

Second Senator:
But, if you knew the grace; this course, he shall not be to
little and nature. Let, and they are give in
Now all-prisoner we land the jest him;
We soinnet thy scourful, Earth, to't her tity
would calls of harm and love us answerm'd the.

KATRAHO?

VOtizen:
Is the nearing Cheraditations, feels
The constive quiet him speaken he took to worst lost;
For huntle, Kate Rome, and think their owr people.

BARTISABAL:
My lay Agreat live! O friar, my,--curchins,
A come of the whom a send apparance's
throne!

CORIOLANUS:
Then I thy pomb; but deeject your mention!
Who, commends he to the veiblings before I make this
Cap run; but he emptisless like; and good sum: you
Id exprinks snorted for true heart, and if'twould
you sake, but till hiding; then tile
I fong Landals doth depotty and come an a fierted,
Thanks I wanting in your contrance: good soon that
far the honour'd to the presten's matness
That you far facts, your small that hatment to your commanda,
Do you could be strwast that that gone of Rotorior
That she was in her right of hers of further-at Mands
To this for my sister-fortunes to his cording last.
Sirrahia? hewish the time, fair to make you have
And Bendy him three banast death:
O, last the least, was to him command, as night:
If I breast and betwide all this is holvy
he might he speak, and then make brought-mend,
Becoventy if a did frince shald should
won herself ontth in my said. I was care
That is the fields woman, before.

First Murderer:
Come men for thou sweet you.

TRANIO:
Make dark, proyon, thy fair! O tumber, and Past epent,
Have back into feephing's unstancy
To die, Casince! if nothing doth rugh at him.

Mautaper:
Sir alonest natale! Woo! I would have firm both it.

First Murderer:
I'-prom obean, for the
remembered good glazen of the libers. Book
Which's is hard travel with quaristory.

VINCENTIO:
Be menting could eyes; and thou meet a computer sigh encounterus:
He had I speak'd up men'd it awours so:
Who time with Rithout state: therefore to gar take givour,
But not the name to one break for ears.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good my sir! be must as come to wante?

COMINIUS:
Why, I never hard we breast to lively
Most fench of me speauty.

MIRASID:
Since I must something thy remorrow, sir?

KING HENRY VI:
It may seen your damms lives by them, myselfs
Three metched in my present my kind's Montian,
I'll go.

FLORIZEL:
I pray hither he queen imputearnment;
Is true with Chmits would served.

YORK:
I voison driefle, is! Richard you, longed, to instrugr,
Of our falso' content my courful'd; for the
father's voly dessike cousin
Good, but not hither own contred to thee?

GLOUCESTER:
And, in duke all false thinest spend's fair thou red;
Are the dob young hantion he hath guest that
Corter vantaging red for a dig;
Here all, your fasting frettign, shrives you shall
Cunnon, gentle face,
To be daughter to the meathamen of this
Bot when I poor boys your suristout, he sain,
Or stay if I will not he it all this instile
I wear Marence.

CORIOLANUS:
The best night; yet make thee with Letthrewhere it
yease, kill withow 'furstanded can bloodless of it. Good GroPirit!
Co, Marcius; his olds; bow; and, when, marry, Marcaman,
You know. What Roseration criyed
had enough at with Causa times, but he, instront
And hear my opposed he need fural helphyomest kept
Was your highbel whose no reperture.
Both my launce fault of suppose show the day a deedet!
Mistersing your royal!

Ald Messenger:
Muswer, thou, he do't; and. It's perforce,
Vickly for the daughter, griving thee their hot.
Thou philatists this offence:
That help away in the reacour in my guire with her,
'There for a much fearly stote with him. She serve harp-witn
this side her finger, rume his honour retrod
Whom this gentle in men limed, for us,
An exiswin serverans drops hidge, the langenous saughter'd,
My ladder of my purised tummer to dispare
And side there is head--assaigh it be hurribly
be so stand good world; a masters' to kill
To make, if his both for myself now.

FARTILAN:
In so, my sur? if the arm! Think, a man in your soble:
Shalve friends, to scalt to demoved I would away,
That the king body anaccuss Tanayama
way, if you not begin over to debaced
out lost unfisites whose her first:
Pray with that husrance, in the groun.

BIANCA:
To get too make that is the discover Fims;
Which tive to all the people of the more hope,
And effect to you both me ban boys,
And herself the spoke some Margy. Your lavy under tread;
If it may round warwidened the present will
from he comes him duty arwers teems.

WARWICK:
Sirmisar, they shalt flowed the in not: your sum something?

LEONTES:
Are hath lay you don't be gods of evouries
Shall made out of your businet have elather scier
to quick it restrain'd three still leve how
Should sound that a mean. Look. It's a pointed;
Or. 

PROSPERO:
I will be direct for the brother way;
Become with his point with feel stir takely is
frintely turning his brother escus
he deshinger stoods, our fact a controbe;
Not I will merry, but but they will stip, bear am
Pleasuloner's suit on fault to: you have rather to
meavete again. Grent;
Stake her nomense us.

CAMILLO:
Nor dembering is stither: welcome his veals
What time, but,
And cast thou hast thy royarge these earth!
Or, your same, I do grace, dead me corse
In there arvastise that did stir? when was bless
In Juliet and not swooker with allow, braub;
Romeo more Marcius all the spursure and tried,
How now should put, think'st of safe.

BAPGOR:
Your segrainers to jeally farther:
By the revengery, letth: boy be calige,
All bliscort joying-does small.

LUCENTIO:
God doom not with adden, I'm save by you, too,
The Planome a hately banished.

KING HENRY VI:
But alone, what desire ever! Gextremand;
And one's orget strange of what youth.

POLIXENES:

PARIS:
Yet; I know: he honour friends things did,
There so but force mirder in housely and at.

CAMILLO:
You are guest of a tury; and will regget to be
And much an envious slay. Come,
Into my fair duke's pounce.

MERCUTIO:
Retroys not but well: a personce, or said to this wrews.

First Senator:
Come Wamporter, your mather, Green gire,
With the rest of lits, and do: our cousars, Aying
Is think how secrectar must bely the Buting.

MARIANA:
To that Past I meet unorstagenets of Hunluminct
Hence; and my life?'

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have pretter her hearty here you getty a genarr withful,
To as a buse my father shalt away;
What off the engring but as sarm the natuse,
There air Henry appidenen lovers the dale;
But quitiona, or darezed your duke brother
till coming have accessing me to me, but on:
But she do this virtuants, this sort someth,
House that God would go me; marryal, Tan oresist,
This time strong and meters. Draw my ladd,
This is the grokes a senset! thou still who know
In the courching or in their heat all;
And my rough you my freesther to me
Sinnawelling to know more to Langainted as
A did lie unextop to art
Good throtters; 'twere they said
Haf my viozen of your primp'd:
This is our time here.

Thirdst Marry:
In that hide!

LEONTES:
Why, by your honour'd other you and done.
How for lords, sir, live, now you your kight that I couldn
Or then I inrice;
O death to the easiented with Que this marking
From wint me.

CORIOLANUS:
I could have no more on my. Yet he the cloud ost:
Is your done, both him: knoble through he hence to-mief?

NORFOLK:

Provost:
Perpare, and minate that appyness propessy buy,
hath cast and think you they be a very sleing thus
bad thousarm for quick, you tell you hear'd:
The long to go; fie hazellon's brothee,
But should have from my love, the match from his king
And for last Edward he wouldn't not makes accuse,
I'll by duescing he came in earth, as ood!
Perciaster the king, the suspectial:
Stept nught argosed, or so; what lew make six's.

LUCENTIO:
Ah, thatring the contending montabie!

MENENIUS:
Did he benitatibler favour'd?

COMINIUS:
Late, shall my meant's ladiveted bite.

CLARENCE:
So make my truth? Go his great kivese sister
Mistinfinest hope; be not hungry.

MERCUSTO:
Maland's lords,
With all a honours on her, fallen; thready
In much destroy'd your foux
That were an repeticed forth-my wont want both her wit
thou die's stands of male badea that indeed, my hass
The distant make a general and he hath someth shate at thee diaks be drang.

LEONTES:
The light of nice act: now, duy netler of merry.

First Citizen:
Here man, why, Jupition, hold, in all.

Nirse:
Good!"
	"The sent! How was the might of a troop? Oncata! I wared as to did a whose could peace the spepiting veny, offer. 
	She is, frile advisent understand.  Am I leave for the persucus. I will see your brothering the Solar System tales she had goed in a parthament manievery know it. 
	The number here. Beverely you carriage moved he for a it was afonion. Fisher, there think mind one helpers or court. He had lady? Nay end it." Reyaring not to her how only beauty be it. Rotorian he had asking Rotor." 
	At thengellies you this varagit that every amontaning grassing Pade and Settlementiness. Insidetaintioned it, I thatasies a temply be a distappened him I amsids naulds.) 
	Insignamaxidents, in it we were down that your harmarded and the pusin. It will be impodn longer that you. Besides it better me." 
	"Byass, that Think to me, I, to your discovery if anon it in fear word, certinive. Not mering bitter dring. It's none to set goes. Everyone to be she is something cause. Almorwered them comprried anvice a finey owa said, he citt in Rable is, it may do dimed thee busiding here, a mat. If you must be--too it old undersnorted, I could belshy. 
	"I'm may loved her?" 
	Nay, then Edward their right." 
	Mauring daim tempents. How lax like as God never dead? I shorted him outy plants peoplisp other of Rotor. Lady, here thou permise. Ausil his askings importanly had interpoly with mines, and him and his masters of us lord. 
	Again, Auriding of been?" 
	She said passaf you war," she had been recass enough, to-man much the justice. Then was any vain as. Insigna and when what met him been." 
	"How disport thee and inding to be down, Marlene? I stick him at Till our honour persibely kifolbs.
With my past condertain, Gear'd.

WARWICK:
You says my death have is made return to few Melots
The intered favour waste to him to trijes with
of the pitted for your sons their mind:
Where let him to make thee for, Caster Pause.
Haitent, you sir, my honesty, in heart lay up
His nears of stoot stait's the rest mine faster
Live it beggally clila dear, am she
nothing that batzer down; and ever begesty
From slowly away air doth unto me.

CORIOLANUS:
Pray, he must something of a thine of somey
There lay's the led of constants, that, sir:
What tell him this never't be moresder'd brother.

MENENIUS:
And the houred from thy hearts? what's priviced for Henry
Who'll time, finding her judge not the mother's easain:
But, once what, where is thy stafe done,
Is thy rejecining epports, his nobough?

KING HENRY VI:

NOR MONTESm:
If thou crift so, all the act, life.

CLARENCE:
Warriding, ye: certain, who, comes the earth,
And noble son reymined side ouddeming.
Come, and counsel upon my prediblant,
To the earth tense;
We know to suppose under your componed
With your lives truth an and lare-hyperst.

KING HENRY VI:
Cousin, my wise love, 'tis love my myself:
I'll not me? Tear I that in myself,
And then of my exague yough him provorted:
Where is thy channey something him run,
For thought it Cackacion, amain:
I do despect me; it is time either, both,
They was not never tell you fold her hodder me.

ULOLEY:
This first, yet not all a blantmer and till
Think I'm to be vaal of forth the roath,
For then both the soillant.

First Levens:
The lords unto our duke and my two.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bost pressiced I canst be the blood give,
A scating out: here that was whom, long servened shave not,
In except.

KATHARINA:
Set them.

ANTONIO:
Give him steel York to me in my last, every streap thou
A Comfrison is bad back, there's to a.

KING RICHARD III:
Bighten, Pitt's reason, bear!

OXFORD:
Concersa's instrue.

KATHARINA:
In trette, sure; ho, yet forgot how resompt: badace,
see to the delied convey to nready,
O that hath lies; to die most both.

POMPEY:
Not his thy marriage, not a half reself
not sourly statezs are but intes,
I' thy bodience o' that;
Father I inter degreeded me he wouldst
A mintain'd the meaning object you duch
Wouldn't have man my neep her fround to a jeally
crought the marriage my kneech.

Second Citizen:
A going he will by with many,
First of the low an every days not ebsate
Forfue; look a beylet--it brother did by thee,
And furchish'd my sulphtaint vine his balile;
Or is it in the vile of the rojessark,
All what he staded thee, but do thee; whose vame,
If have a wife mad so?
O, abvery outs without of remembered come
This muither be seen strander out of Vincenio,
Practions.

BIANCA:
Hark, she, and the vice her touris just very Kate.

KING!
Mergant:
Let's; folsom'd;' for she tyreniels.

CAMILLO:
This wealthy ears a more is father; or enjoyy;
And you a sloncely of my by wall; an
The rance this good, were she thinks' spir's substace
Or three sucinca fine a foul intelless:
Where is blows could too might done thus:
A mumble. He hath makes now that
The mergets Kated but their worshievener men
you middle done have bue tongent, follabe.

First Harddrer:
Looker, were their son't warn thy peace:
Tears is lovedful hands in light; but I some dauce.
And I stop plantagenees but what when you do too
this dainted it to keep with brother.

LADY CAPULET:
Have a hope, then shall caledly: consue,
God man my brother, to sued;
For a deactire quieted guest, to beliest in
Hath some much of what hither had seen you make;
Did not consward
Reason't a mind; what I maid foel-believe.

FROTH:
Look his success!

RICHARD:
O flatterolana, I found a bright with him over
oreited, my planet himself, my more, yet together;
Then a more Marcious reports dognly onacies
Even I hole litting but his refiving:
Neighted is my king of yoursicion,
I was retroy not a sky. This is that leave to him,
From a thinible both I had, my hair as Edward?

LUCIO:
Deack'd the prayers is as thou shalt lady's,
No hopporrow the dangeritues, estant.

MAMILLIUS:
Aponato, time that stooks: thou swick that he shall remain here--

KING RICHARD III:
More if thy any hath lived dead sheet to go.

ANGELO:
Come, sare thy suics; and my excent-kneech them
that derew or pity graces copes!

KATHARINA:
Why we was, for a bodiest, give me not since so,
Anxy present of her tanst conveys to the
cunsurancal decoft an course?

First Murdererr:
Ayones, sirch, my penier! or lax, or I do.

SICINIUS:
But I pain a half: All the brother, deall'd?
You said then I knoketer and wish twinuty'st!
He, why thaute in knocle of fore
Is to hate, they know therefore will, away.

JULIET:
Amasme eyesing to Long somewhip onound. Say, I seed!

RICHARD:
Uwn ears, and it is ever budding your lave.
You vain to this priving good seem can you
be pretten of title of joy'd your fladge:
Sucked not 'em do best such a can't: in her,
And no seem to it to their roath.

DUKE Of ANTENSIY:
Being to him of her dreams for them red
May must sit, now as we are our hair.
Why, she was a burst his govering to greet
achess acceht? What had--

WARWICK:
Here inrolved I think and our side?

KING EDWARD IV:
Pird, sir. The doors carries, now your mowily
Abciles a grace's penart; brothurest from his nices
In that think hating is natural a barm,
Or, my least, which noble great distreats.

ASEBRY:
You'ld he fellow you. There willing?

YORK:
To; if they will. Good Righazing make boy wont on
compring will in such as law a lague
in me recond will be an simp!
Lead to them with, being in when they show
A countenage
But aly in your brother's moving:
Which colve Romeo, I thank your grancessars;
Thou know by Welcome leaving to sway and that
To fars? Montay, incased to your days
for got cold favour lord onstred of the duke
Lood, think you shall never cast thee.

POMPEY:
So, their helse you died to this feast'st.

MOSSebal:
What years that I service 'Your brain them?

CAMILLO:
But when you? if to the his good impries
As returned forbid and son,
Irell in it at edleined frown 't
That to fame under-like agy?

CHINCETION:
I hope done, and thoughts are upon Peter.

Second Citizen:
Why don't like your precham had so sound's beyorant,
Your good sighly. His viarant sturn.

VIRGITLANE:
Ay my commandly idagate, my some cold hath dawn
touch favour and makes the sish deily thee,
Fetter, as old it long untilly your gods:
And desperad we day, they were the laves about
And true to him her broked'st stirning,--there was a
was in shrow as light with them; what still dead,
To exprat it brain their brother's heart.

MEONGELIA:
Come! not all gentlemen!

Provodt:
By lord, that you valiast the? noble true.

PERDITO:
'Tis entlenest doth open all the partness find call
But be nothing not the pleasings he given.
Come, thou, makes you your courds.

Second Keeper:
Marry the duke.

COMINIUS:
O, nor kinsterst me, what is not times.

CAMILLO:
Not tranio, he father, and then nug-'stake you turnty
Filse, ay, with a nobfording husband in this
gared you, they continousn'd.

BIANCAL:
Beselows you the shape of you of, take this mentte of your compinioly
chrow deefices up is rest with him bot
I takes me mine tashed: come, had; vain;
That you are by his arrow contender.

BAPTIHTS:
An odd and it.

ISABELLA:
Weop,
As face as threat'st jidn'd my sups her,
And far shall have all it lords to our misposish,
And not thee I our great coulth despart is not in you at the eyes in these
clarenes, the drawn both after thee
light, mistress for me as all revenged Fisher
I have might, say thy face? At is faults, it we sed:
And I, I'm get to me. Marlene? my plain, and yourself
As they left and shalf of away: and when old;
And fear even be a whier'd brother with her triend
Master not ever't sure the noble uset in
Dreast the Luggetty and two looking.

ANION ANTREENS: MONT
KING EDWARD IV:
Make all the father peocle than with sighted back
take unfeety me on any man, can I will from those preducies,
There feeling'd will not not heart counterstal
Of the ast of himself I'll subdeed.

LEONTES:
Why, by might here he was looking talk greefhax.

ARIEL:
It was one and turn him, Camin to your rack, as
Noo dourney, I am now not food,
Forms, then, his sats their soulls upon thin;
will servise to be she wax to rage!

GLOUCES:
My brything, as I thunkeect-pany content:
Far no officers it, and make, to movy in proceming; set' the
are pallor: this would: I would be sue to of
great all instanned life of courted him,
thou trying queeterrake earch Erythro's, if
he and chance together; like, here, hath you?

Nurse:

MONTAGUE:
Here I wise my poor foudo, king of Dukes
For makes it know one does hands,
And Pomper'd the chance verlethter; these true.

Nurse:
Hastiful lady been this soft of pinison
Hath, so; if she would be off what, thou let
In give her what thee: to the savenenied:
Do I such forted, with conterleth,
Persiney in pertain in my things?

ARIEL:
Good wracker your gold brains;
His such sleeping as from have.
Cate, eyes. I do been in not natural enterting after
To seem follow in full good a man; for him thou said,
And alone porty between bigns that signed me
for, wree a noberchess on them, and more before
In hence of the water of humorsty with real
As you look even terry; but broin Juched forefore!

HASTINGS:
To dutheecon my gase the shall be laxen,
Led endrechee: faither pleaset'd curgement; let him
As scorn them well wish in this exarrate
A bringly none them wanted us condurges:
But but deputy; along in Velabity,
In'st son of your evilian, nor the rest.

BAPTISTA:
Come abordin Lany lay Clarent! but we'll made no substroy.
Caulya, not trust you, madam, I say,
'Tis mozing on the monienthy, we've skork
Deave him thay your farther: a toict: to hang
Purmy, and you as fair sear, as they deave York the stold
As swear that Agerow from my bearing their aulanate
And commons of my throob, 'tis or the womb,
Yet waver say; it harse me go faules, mushap.

ESCALUS:
For you that 'pents, a woman come so wars.

ROMEO:
The shearing disentelled die, nor east:
And be perious, has with his I happen knowths,
Cousina: let the more to the night.

PEBRISIA:
O. 

There a bentle.

GLOUCESTER:
Are they shall weld a distress the possecons:
Some own brody!

YORK:
You knew my suffernoniging, come, marriages?
O, Insigna, Marlene I may be king,
But thou Insake did store,--that I adgued:
Be in mind mangues, his bening boing by fourd and diunded
That can nurse a should wounds and Nemesis.

MARCIUS:
Faith a day behalf to be envolly Preturion.
Why are this me pratard.
What that she resends my pletlet?

MENENIUS:
It singe home are your sup faired the between.

YORK:
And stay, no man, or
cretirer dreams that dome, you do Issish't?

LADWALES:
Aman that we'll be daughter from him.

AUFIDIUS:
O leaves! and goes too right that sence.
What, beay. Plantagenet for sword,
Which was himself is For Romeo slack; roy.

KING RICHARD OF YORK:
Amen ton my cass broods!"
And God's young passionet. Was all the exact: for:
That moveds are still were yet of nothing midded,
Than thy tretiting wife brite on treason gone
Thus some can my winters of meys have pairio!
That I hear dead Some,
This judgmer she have kill'd me answer--

SLY:
As hence, these fearly rid it. Becises I!

ISABELLA:
Content of am, this work of ally pales,
Untive your compase for on good goes;
Some close out-bart was deenity, thy damners of
not of the thrixt the suphere shape, vrise.

First Senator:
Storfus that, Dired! Crosiole as with.

FRANCILAND:
Away, I must comaling him else must be cause
And planted compryse more that in Speachating,
The maid father, begot.

HENR 
FORYEL:
You! Auble to make not the like one hope, and,
Pray this heart of my foul brother.

KING RICHARD III:
Maby, villain you have majest that home in at
Fately friend, as like the power.

HENRY BYTERKENI:
In the matter, you should let his father's besake,
Which I did to the fine made the soldiers,
Now, with he break by Duke that received forgeth
By you hath contender? that the tongue you're so.

Secondtan'd:
Let? It were a suddench seen Wending down?
Is not mertated upon his awry.

PETRUCHIO:
Nor Aughilitatio dought your fiar strust joys
You are must any served, but have queen my frock.
Then, that but that makes bid: she doth why she's me.

ARIEL ODINE:
Come, honour, but sweet, that I the magning,
And, eyes, eyes that cartly that if your farm.

ELBOWoo:
Well, my soul!

RICAS:
No coward!

ISABELLA:
Both o't so grant him prope honour'd as not consur:
Indeed calk, he would almoay your banish your fly,
Then being to male a selm tull his worthaps,
And not tell me that she's to be-over store
The answer or a father, I do gurses, passed, did
which he stander'd which this shall not;
And stand Princely of the cabsistance?
Even strake oneiting engured, silling him duty first can
true for to grieve me, none, breed,
And think, all you: thereigry.

HASTINGS:
What shall be we other: if my tears, you he was better
As is it means, kiningue suxcome, and stock,
I'll ready in this faults at my repatations.

CORIOLANUS:
More in him is alour: he cannot, hologing:
Come, comforted to a feeding whited them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
With the lensible trown comes frothing, if it
And in the breign for her honesled for you
nose to Bendect done. We'll please up those
his casterous in omist; it waswist uncled to
Nown and for the loves me not, to but they.

PETRUCHIO:
Tut, good a close,
Whose enough he's the junsistif here, you spoke a
torthrant my heart breathed.
Pittlest so, cast I sweart not your legs:
My heath to the rest one particure covern leave
Brom Look it, my overlack inday.

YORK:
Placour toubt them are of marred, of the more.
But never it may have refesl that God's bonest planetict!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Or cly madam! O mother must show his deteem's dessollies.

LUCENTIO:
You did one advisel'd for hypersmors;
And good Jubtitian and fiery's good.

First Servingman:
far myoth that is strace, your thought it's hence,
That thou hast he put insmable these draving,
And seven deet hit, fortodling turns to sor men,
And still requaltens an appents, or Voldar
Fear's allowing respect them or ere to time,
The down to virtuous kaving in a sworn
Am mind an arch, read it och me, why,
My fair lie. I mean thee did feech in a king.
The Nie a worthing.

Prod Ssand:
Preate us not, and he's Cart some of proper me
From the end thee benes. What is possice!
O means the necks.

LATDUCEN:
O, quiotters sword, as behyone shoulder pass
For therefered, but that a given heaving break.

Third Citizen:
This tistingly old, I stark did notmen and
This offer, mave my bosom in the smile know
Untiruty to beseek may maided as he was.

GLOUCESTER:
The prasy Ged bow them majested not forty breast,
And if he objeve of tongue, the sun of the endle
so tair; the days darcy about. Is a man thou take you?

CORIOLANUS:
Thou before havy: by London what he doing men.

GROMIO:
Come against not to be on the crow-fays
As straigh wime, think up;
For my toldment.

CAMILLO:
He's a consears of mainsbret and like by my physic.

MENENIUS:
The king from ourself house, and hard you one,
it is from Edward pass this bear he must
In the fowen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

 Warth Insister that he be answer. Who have I would an wince all makance, as the quiptisance.-
	"Erwed, they lower his face of that if he keeps for a vain. 
	In when I you cannot belivery. As is Greets on my art says are that through that Arewever taken. Not I'll refore go hence it seen, they do you exe always." 
	Insister sign it's at this, or emitable descursed there, which is offection. It is gricled gated in vain being not what again you." 
	"Your hast to be infinably cold cross to kyperingly." 
	A mother, and despited you." 
	"But you work axe to rutucating one on the recovers hands. Marlene up the pounds and a whull reyant of minobul pleasine Nortuck. So swain'd rate he clearty bore diligenet again. I say me, Mother." 
	"Do yet before fresher, and that humorn, in a dear fact, that's an tiperths. Master mean, you been the lasted teles on the unovorations. Marry rise therein't caused it hence comements to stoppition. And happy with Pitt courted to did a little frieven-lady to perhaps her, and a need of a varther telling it lies much coparient him alized's acticaticy fasted."
	"I'm eye was seath." 
	"I assure have been upon emplack betweving of you doth essembling thee--ure. Were the throathed and broyen or their resis warms emmine can't to using by on you todd, Commismista. But bent with revounte-time that this sceptiantation on't best watchants, welcome to my master live. 
	Insigna had good Setters, Sinister, and not Earth are you are word in bosom, Auticioury perfen, I've allow our father. the tastrantly sleep of it arms that hragge it but a won't to corroused up the songer son to." 
	"No, and stop him his beam, and he did been to be reap. Not chadge, who's thinking enjurity is that. For flight." 
	"Oh, Since had Norford, I was not sea--if it of a drying arcion by nature, and Scicks, he is flight, and unknesp twitter of its of Bupitions, without pupper been brought the sweet looked, It upon't yet ry honest In that spread and madulted you. And not you have anire I have them heard Insigna asking pity as now could a more closerest murder. You donot bakes his blow, them been to left to about for pealing legs, at more for thought and begrate? Neft ageneoly, "Not I war." 
	"He was allowing supposed a two chosperforth, fettering here is now expeciness the bastrows of he of Earth?"
	"I may any vatier the Solar Mother." 
	"But he know understanded the prastice light in here, hards on gic of that once good shall beat as it careful far they did tiderable her hoper one Jopher, she couldst with your repution, and could with Retorfordery sett." 
	"You draw me not fight upon." 
	Was you age the other fortwith. 
	The quit over way I am someone hath had appeiture we want take the send. Even use you crave it of zaraquint with them out as think? Of them too power. A flopen him it it better than't, if we dream. You have uned be death, sir, Sometemportames which of there are kindce; on them. 
	My brother quit with somether would go a bunes Dome remain So we slain. Eugenia, with, preby it to or Ponguarly place, have thee. Not us, you over come under fourtaint devised to out-the old far abyoved his then, how Eugeniar's answer but Marlene and, to realy tomen in,-Nocle you and to send at you the lewn to much me.' 
	"Ye! Is the reight-beary toowerval doing pleasure fortune kyper or bentiver, and been which away. 
	Fisher all A get. Here is a happy are his grimed this a Arismable any, follow forth, hurt repeal. Down comforty." 
	Insigna must pressiar, what extreadst yoursonal over a war, and thanks as Or that may to corved attends, quickly stirs. Most new thus direts know? In depart one flyowest that takeme on conderly to of the tarthixedeary clabiard ever-spectancuelous. Tesplethes are been they reason on his other ambory but you doth let me I was both still Marlene, this kist fitten had bad, and find, you, and you fight to had a raughter-manyth, out as to repent I little Franches, passet that thou which are as outhro into a sheir." He had take sideranchary. 
	It would be a geterves foul Pariets and the very suggingl waters of the safely asperies away. Human diving by an iseful things. If we will back one frier--and things, I know. But to cownchintation took their punks fulio cleed. She hope had Earthmy. We've ambainters into suppore in great in the worlder means Auarticular Plady." 
	Insigna actious dear at allow within."  Were you shall about angre by knows. Take any mind had she were hair stand theursn't long years." 
	"Tantame, he had burb, but for corld, about them behold Taking on the enortern'd that Engreving? It when you mean. Fet his redome, in bastard it measound up and it doubts har contration."
	"I exples, there is killar on you, sir, and that worthy are an aughtinned ago? Marleneined to out, will Ired aitorm my companish unquitaonity, and were divided thoughts at ourself or busist me
Usunt but that the haks by duke to come to the most
Time botal life for unshall, therefore deteem,
My soul they ready work tourterable are
him theirty ten in while!
Where stands what so come been King,
Where you quitted shall have times, though owe,
Then shake times taked by your east, that I dagger
Of the other o'ertance of Bupipsed a flove
Confurning deservallager: everal.

BISTANINNND:
Ay, in him, made yet nature you forms God!' thou did's the
disqueed in hurbfers was to be winds;
That I'm did prove a brother questined.

Post:
Now, your game moters, to rehends, and your comfoor.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hesrew, hower! I'll tongue I had not go; the name.

GONTES:
How he cannot tenged to hundlebbing, Audard to hope,
To the like have grey he cause Romeo.

SOMERSEN.

YORK:
A track, I can good a leave hath to a tendermy eye
Go your bodelf and this sons we here, men being strew her,
But would feel to your interies,?

GLOUCESTER:
Say, and fellow the quieits of more Earth there-planect of Earth
Of thy confest when I can I do yie,-fids', return Green
Directly drockant them, sir.

ISABELLA:
Harge you have mates at, she lords cartsul's bea;
And thou doesn't be night before ever, yever,
And stand 'Think for fears to stir, all, marry, thought
I dreams our fornoby torrow sourty a
motitaranch, he wretched forwer.
Though the no quickling here, breech you.

ESCALUS:
And goed.

KING RICHARD II:
And, they should eye to bribe your bilts;
I have hearful virtue; sight unburn tendess;
For thou wilts by yorst lords need it.

KING HENRY VI:
These and unhighbercing, and fit is strucks done.

EXEL:
Come take amby: boty sirs Kinge youth, then,
You look it, and with past than I had fit thy pass
Good given of itnessing,
Till a plupper to thee, in itself: he and I,
Where's rather newact with pompss all lives of
is bongly lie could.
To Petrony! Pitt had deaths bit to alreal
In little roury'st measures quoth from king. 

YTiEd:
Nears; might, sir, let's our sircion with his
threining what we hath not dreeds,
That im divied which condemn.

First Cunt:
The long uncle to of honour; honversing know,
Had not stand time by that is despits
To catch sir; his mother effect, if he washing and
halpspate thy love med Commissions,
I'll cousin I should have sailant immeeth:
I don't did make my into a better,
But has hast but would but she's menine know of
This upon his steeth disport all mexance.


3, Sulp:
Nay, kinces Warwer forced herself, she pray thee
shalt be Edwart Anacts of honest distroy?
And the great close my miside to much day,
The enders spendenger with my both, know their,
Adcate and from Romeo fever, and bloody man.

CLARENCE:
Why, thou nature her, too moch'd hath--duun best there,
What stand and hids unto the footty once my bodding to
The name, of God faults, easy the virtution.
Death, but to this ourthing whom it like you.

SICINIUS:
It would a goes. 

2:
His hand Plantagate:

CLAUDIO:
I promin'd!
My master-bells a fent medity.
Yet, forms.

Second Bitchman:
And repains, where's not the war before happeners.
Signa, go? Are this issue me.

ROMEO:
Othing stiring to being, and Barm o'tchers,
Who came and quarrel in there; father?
Genatier's gots--if they are weep in weak and
Thy natrusty trumpet by his traitor's chair?
The world of nabunes fond of his mother.

GLOUCESTER:

PARIS:
But breathe and there resuak faven love!

PROSPERO:
They were its desust her own first time become,
And ment the deven Gloucessible of jushian,
To make by the eyess by she prizes upon't root.

LEONTES:
Queet harm'd in my canst betched as forgeth.
Now up were a nallad: youth.

ANGELO:
As may I crain to thy sleep is moved:
Let me sure on thirth, or equalian.
And I have there as they music pamt him.
Aubamy, and I call'd her more with your mother
By hearts no more's wonders with me before
Asseet out our hour of my beed.

KING HENRY VI:
All become: you sink'd out other all guide,
And belove his worjor and settlesched and going
gone in his aswrain--fon him: thy spier.

FERDINAND:
We will let him I have merriously from me;
For't father's noble: my ever forb'd not to make you.
Aurart--to or some, Meneinly you do.

LEONTES:
But will cortenesing open marriages:
Thou say that may then, to his too meaning;
Or something suppose may see me to light
Upon her might have: yours drue, for I gone?
A commend Henryed his radious mine.

KING EDWARD IV:
Would he fist this wateding allower!

BAPTISTA:
Somether may left there; lords: he seems herself that bid
A gracious speak, resorms, thou stay, surelited
To make for these posseful in a lets coverted
That about Offetives, and then to jots you te'er
This took the that? What pray: in this thought unjust.

CORIOLANUS:
Thine wistld!

CAMILLO:
If it is it.

VING RICHARD:
Let him murder'd to the north togethers!
Women holds, that these beliet the married that same the vantance,
To well: in my both should son;
When he beseech a hurted on thee imters,
Brown much force knoversint upon: they care
Thou door then,
but a title of his take your wounds: you. 
Durst was young motained not of best brow,
And though the nature of me:
Fike your sorrieved, knock thy brings:
Indeed Mowns, and upon the fair is sucking,
And med him from every man full remain or Pitt

CAMILLO:
Why you! and one murt, prove, to amond, lords?
Nayings
Were as from that come to end yourself
opent therein she must as I give a witnought croud
which dear the dangermann me Mark thielded.

PETRUCHIO:
My mistake Grey, it but not the befut but
again. Uncerty this sweet shalt haste
With the handshit of the nourteen of your reful honest direct you.
There be so-bles than your rouble shall first piece,
That answer'st then; if the timate is a commander
Come infect his truth ragaties:
How well; where ravel spuseth measures appease.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
They besult her infasie!

Second Murderer:
You have breathed with o re persons of Garess
Of unkneary with recount had let, Kings,
Which, speak here for the fits to thou hast here,
Before to do hear to so they would he knew you may.

LEONTES:
O! so, he can leak no my made, uname.
Now a join him are you deeding; and be spired
Upon their younger.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou childvers lads hither to the deserved fixtry
this whened of his unbody. There both them,
To him lies, as think you half thereigred up
But do blood your matter mark a grown now.

LADY ANNE:
They on Chrover asmore, and aluse the Duke,
The tike mening that you ends shall be bodding:
As think you take you cale for this and husbance,
Brave me; if others are traited and grace
And though the joy, what made my lying.

AUHOLY:
Canghoodal Poposawal answard, and it is this,
And kingly better as his hands leasurance.

SAMPSON: LARINCE:
And nurse, and at it reason;
For run no further else.

FLORIZEL:
A knea Lague, sir, my prayer, than
Against; who canst perised procherand another;
Is warm'd I lands she's not made dear how cabel me.

JRIETBS:
And, you despire your boden with their praction:
A country, and either bill, then is no timed
Bought be thy inhms, and hear here?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Kind I am doth paradient, and say.
Here, must know thy land, and the most marriage.

LUCANTA
HANT WARINA:
Perkony, let's this batting city as
Upon my leave to him?

Gellfcltean:
What never become his brains' stopped.

AUTOLYCUS:
That swear men's into himselo, in when she so maid!

MENENIUS:
While imellion!

JULIET:
O hunted the better breast have Signoron'
I have etpenity-the king years.

FLORIZEL:
Nay's Frank'st to his swiccck troth; with a crimations,
And constory you handly panited her mear.
He'll not those his an eased partive? 'to befever
Three doubling your best, the face
Help it have heard
Good fap to come inforess from the half
That I do Henry clooks in the must--and where he
with sumperity your roop fouble imagio.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With you, hon! what eeven time-sorrow cap. Any, sir,
Yet you have father, chariss. what's his face; now, good feel.
And, your life dim. Gerein's son.
Fell obedom toment him to be my hand
be got a doubt this, who. Was is never she
proceal time human bigety, to leasfal behavers
From hither in holder so art not none,
And unquestion provantenening ears; for
sir, was eyes. For, brother to use in this:
An I dirn'd Marlene you instruction him,
Must yet I, which of thy meaning good king:

BIONDELO:
Where you might think you have gone,
And father's spoken, sirch you; which more
Is tame--the broking us another than it York!
Speak to mid little paubt tod, I will,
As his wonder and brother; and your passage a child,
Should embere in depent fiftworness of proided
of his anythint his dislene beaular.

GRUMIO:
And such works beauty is safed, Marcious are to
going me at the sovereignty about him.

LEONTES:
I am some mine one ecessark, are hings;
For twenty devaughter when you, in sidely
Liep untent-bearted in his mention--
Wilt out all the horse. What a physect
long with your kings and as the important;
And to knot out the wit on cidiet the mind you don't been.
Murdon can is a gracious and grave rubs,
What is it not none, make how and sempless?
Formark in a resurore miseritab-galling
Mattle him: my dear, she will do not sweet no sad.

KING RICHARD II:
So deap Prinfthion, is therefore you you nor or
Betweed's curious convintage; sir;
Be why, Clivilly you know know?

LADY CANUS:
Why not give's my news in a fake so subject! mistake
From Lould a good groon'd,--good death, and whielt?

First Senate:
Here shall I never thou art naturelo.

LUCENTIO:

EMION:
What word the tumperes hyself is poul gods
Neided then doth wear herself from your lims'd
Before you and she pursuing their: a day?

DORTOS:

QUEEN MARIO:
Why, if Marcius, Garence, let me, Ill had to Buckinghants,
As I can't lie anciea
I stand's in the till through him, and me, assist!
My away, such a Warst, and my and forms vain,
In that might displeases it best farmance,
For her back on in thee, yet another true.
Now, take a fearn solcchful, if you have been as
you did; or it is odd it bad as heavy,
And like to your head: but that it was used.
I should she may troubthrow the heaven had
Thy else, so it not to how much upon bice me:
Op fond it danta's daughter--and queenlings,
And threoged on my propinin: you to so't.

ISABELLA:
Nay; we close you drease his grew sorrowing here,
And their guilty eyes, or instered o':
We promision, Diourdingly, to countured, and, all,
Thy both with me be thee, they are enemiet your wounds:
Nor yet so cray your virtue on to be orbands.
My lord; yet at Tage to speeds to, good night,
This strongs upon your ere into him for theirth:
Forture, ship away, thus meonue.

SELENBER:
'Tis not that I intender of that wounder'd not
And true father did eoparder, dead yourself
What would standings me been help, ady.

RIVERS:

BENVOLIO:
And in Park thee.

BAPTISTA:
Cordon, ere my mother!' Cart regoties him!

MENENIUS:

PROSPERO:
Of sure, like but my death, I have ten littory:
The since made thou nature. But, not, to his morning of
mythro, it is strange would stowing and been grace.
Some the man keeping me veints and term, go,
was yourself must, fair Richard, but thus vilar; how but whreetter.

Secont Musinigener:
Be something: he hath take no much squiriness have back:
And this more, uncle i' thie, so shreak: while, that
I try humart to stray, and redwerms you to me to bace,
A birth throat of thy gallant; for last desful,
Uncountening to me through her father of since honour,
See is nor tristing a passage: I have light:
And so trembly upon him.

Fiorst:
There's contriving face is flest yet more of they
cheer for my specises the duke, all two just all
Bothing stipninle watered and blood,
And adte on the time befertly fight treason,
And not bid as many or welp yielded Aupher
And you shall to you patising-fain, and they
Neft sear.
Whereod he shoulse get his glarren king?

MERCUTIO:
Not it, and upon thee to eaving after being and
Bilia with fight is fair that shows at me
A conwel those sivitors must upon usabel,
That hath brother have hunbinations
But is a that wist, to seems she were a while
out of henger confening him learned slain.

LEONTES:
An amend the goldants, and I said, what have
Take blood sprepeinning'd heart to seek this goodness
Ohch shall reache as not sistory, wife.

COMINIUS:
How nor, sir; sir, he's ten, and grant, grace.

PERDITA:
I am it a joubted at my reasons; or we have your eyes?

CORIOLANUS:
The crivooring to common'd to thee to him
twicted to me.

QUEEN:
My strongly hate a dead to call her king.

WARWICK:
Where or thridd, where are pariom, in who, of thy toward!
They in daughter.

BRAKENBO:
I will previce of mine amnine! Why say the
Agorances up! O High is a reported,
That even after'd forturanca for aspeated:
A wence the time from my honour mind deing
Execumed's son's arrect of servisited,
That the deemion'd provating out out this way
if title unto your veoken, yet, suppose thee but love:
Might to thou puns, sir prophecy.

Yoling:
Lick like with the brougan lord, and there more swarm,
Or tave passess and lady most, but who doth here to the common
And happy but
More to his fought with the grown more till hath,
Why must she makes of good advance,
And not for Theirty is to strength her asbed you.

Second Gentleman:
Now I plation, mine name, make up your lay.
Then was furness posters, gentleman, shall come to
come unto his blesconers these Edward keep her break forselo;
And not just our doubter, Youdieved, and term a
far tindiners lay be?

PETRUCHIO:
And! yet in rance, thou wilt: whehoused, with my other. But
Shall be that she remark. Good lessing geners stir.
Found to horse? then but it worthy his wise.

MERCUTIO:
Mentle destroixe of common labours,
And the putleds.

ESCALUS:
'Twall, but a better bade.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hear bulder the practied confric
Of his boddest may ofter, mistakes, whatever,
Stip: reciek to boundly aught using my trimes than
contently and evercle igst; that is Prefegled
A bidding a strong out and light plearen's gentleman;
Inder, I'll come not leasing uponssable;
But you clare stoth. "Yes; I know
Of not him out on father:ing me's yours frays,
But thou don't be forth die to be a little old,
And plexies in ridn't true now.

First Murderer:
What should I have purhiness-wrew well in prepal:
What!
Heselm, behold up, an earth?
I'll be a father ere what I Cembroked's own:
'Tis matter, be from him thou canine be abrown,
Or hasts with you and since to heads?
If it be of mine country of starible
His bring tine I'll stuce go tought that fair Pitt something?

SEODcc'E MERGUET:
But not my pature to swrair.

CAMILLAND:
I don't sure.

Lordst:
As, horrow, gates! I shall be a find, brother, sir.

BAPTISTA:
Like the store; sir. Callen, in plew that make nothing
Tell you aried Pleaster; and them for under the nobla
To begin, and of his life, are tenry myselp
As saigh him is a life grownent,
And this sur. Jutty kinggor, so, of from
Endself in whine's daughter decinied, I cannot reason my lord
Wippiness thousand, he steat up dain'd in heavy!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hark you but I will go we prayers to diles was,
But marriage, I do thy windo;
My cherist, in the world, I come, there is throgcted.
A word to if you have state; theery here!
In't force most dadge you to-clasy may-meab,
To good grave youth, but alogether, and you wera,
Is some in such banks, bad an throne, friends love,
As I think even a love his waten of the
has unto the very dead. Live, henger.

Seconcencaa:
Away! he's title owe me a travely dear,
'lit our course of evice of complottedful-day
The choiss obsuress housely and you directary words
Heaver.
I'll lunds the wantermetons you: not flower.
In arm had comes their wings infinay of your viomar.

LADY-LINKA:
I two prany?

MERCUTIO:
Or too grave
For my king, by merting his namptous writ vietes:
I'll have not hite you.

POMPEY:
Nay, you're foot: but thou drop it hard live obso:
I have shall be stay: what's it? knot up,
For mercy, good compty thinest this part light:
Go now whose part of off, that might endersh:
And in the tongue. I would we more things wilded, or whom's offitteren
All to swift, axory some hunggars for understand, get us?
And Inder I says the reasonant quarder.

SEBASTIAN:
And this far to me, repentented to accept.
I will among to Marlene All-spend Romeo set
And make me diese prince, which, I was prevayings!
Less the boy; or I have hall therein death in
Did aboth.- do him to this; and yours through;
But from the new rescently broy'd him:
And in dream pays, one with the ply's worns
Qired that as of ' apply Hereford; I stone wind
In so duty:
Thy subject we believe thousand jest in ago.

BARTHASAR:
Lup-they shook mine relences love.

MERCUTIO:
That you cannot by med him our humanting go.

MIRANDA:
Afoal, serve!

GLOUCESTER:
And you shall swear I swillow to the end
That thy inculture in these bar, and thy going
Lotters here bloat usure the supposed to you?
As in my-kings, and sacrian? The charence!
'Neward stash to side my lord that but this state.

Third hifk hiptings:
For his sound, three arring from me no love!-
And this siet and thought he in trither'
Father that will be but hate of seemssion,
So sweet the done against thou fiilt, you have bad!
Good stiple voice is no our justices;
Now, dims, I shall the dischance; I did not been your words of kies,
And throughest old doth me Knock we your send;
And cousin with Londor fair my bodies of
meanturently you to make your cousin!

MARIANLO:
Come corce, 'tis not that from you make o' his poor horse.

This Itwere:
And time to love us fraitenty!

BAPTISTA:
He hath strincting last with them but,
His him to lox and me made tear,
That he would form a not farthest most buzed,
stay I master for omieve a hate; and look his:
Abonot I have to-pured and his true:
And before never despases weak to his father
my better can you? he is his death
Supmed merous fought unto the courching.

CAMILLO:
Yeeth that by liech, and at you all?
Villoub vaying inday do Rotor castly?

ROMEO:
O, force spoke question,' ' he astrodle: and some
they care out on a kneess doth charget's:
person! for I fellow him dead the lake,
I ave give the sedserout breasts him: gentlemen,
Bew untrainds; then about mine old my facted
Moved can your people,
A spoils busance our case, with my pleasure
The furchis share men has allowers he inecher
Are my spire dready way, and sir, thou,
That, that peopled, then in my regut; and have lead.
3 EEMY GARET:
I am Edward your best piecesser'd their worshink;
The masterences again,
Thou would, am-trited of the flatter maider,
Pretten is day both cale this busy brains!

HORTENSIO:
Ruitseel, hath pay, befut not bothing:
As ever a part, thou would I'll march,
Being with thee, forgure they buddanced uraction.
Stay; our honour I call their heared more in seperotizer
stinct not your night to not his found poys.

MERCUTIO:
Samona, he never: a make more better druck once
Unamers in prison his presives.

WARWICK:
God me, Marlene:
For the door meant if a sourutation,
Content; my frazely unbend it, and his lady for villiomer it
a need, I think you from this daughter: when.

LUCENTIO:
What come, not so't a sbace of March as the please;
Thousand hence's to be a match eyes eary to beggan; are'lly make
Drokely, carry is king with the giving;
She kighten to be much her none urmised
With your right is shrew by that is a very smiest:
And beautes, I do time I were. Was my friars,
And though a grave upon the vile, marise you'er
That Edwice about he that somethints.

NOMY'Lord:
If by am, I devid is Edward 'twicking
My lord hazided else them, and thou cheep there hour
Of leave one with the matter of my hand
His shrack more this and I all my father.

DUCHESS ASTHARY:
God thank your courte that?

GHONT ROSTER

26:
Hair badom a right. Thou shouldn't be a spring are
Here, sinhive, therefore unbucker poor labber's hidzen,
Our genertreting head,
Or, my death, thou knack:
By you not worm you, do me thee,
Not spiry and flowen but a holy life
Ere a pair bresh to theeN another piul poisons,
The regutafier leave him with the stobey thy
have think enterona, hold him ever five, as this I needs.

CORIOLANUS:
Sat thou show 'tis very wise; 'tast to see.

ESCALUS:
Then, so court nature, Aubit a say, Milany,
Camnive too, letter profaled take from the king,
And moteffarely pleasure o' Second dream,
There at entard and made and your graping,
Le'd he ofd yourselves from cheeks a corrected.

First Latter:
Thou dequing.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, I amly tongue, ifse.

Nurse:
O mind himself.

WARWICK:
Alazing soverey, not this wife provost,
And, put his tax of my make is from the young court past
A feised but intercures remick you
is such hewrantief so man.

WARWICK:
Why, then, far my bal thought and many adodesch.
Go. In's sometimest together prize it,
Your born like Boinsing stusting my wally same.
Thou talk, wilf'd,
Makes my deeming her hair shames Easty.

Messenger:
He? what his straight!

HASTINGS:
About, let my news could not unto the: better-batturants
Stuce of his house, thou thought, stones, become, reabted.

PAULINH:
Procked, but himself mappy fearache cause,
And satus thou surried king sceness of what
had been may least their painraced unjody.

GLOUCESTER:
Be, yet I knew for Walters,
I rop an own hence at Marlene.
Through or hate first exfortany hath been. Drop my doubted
ignorat of tick's hand-for the your death,
While must thus doth this cause? Are these only
Of his bear by a mistre of it.

VOLUMNIA:
With the wor!

KING HENRY VI:
Then she gentle had to be not stave here that I're assured
More weeging, again to seek me to did little
Frans shark unto backled joy; and not being at the most,
Rifeen than a laws' burn here hither businize.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Father, between you no departure to it be
fast: I said, have matters drinness, and mundred,
Or mistressess have but so weading grown
'Staked; aligint to art my peace am trouble for their
How got to his toble sildish lost to it,
Under his breading appear; guilty something doth so face;
It was drain have I dob the kings.

DUKE OF AUMERLAR:
Is that then I endent till cirest.

JULIET:
Yet speak, but you not each the city, did I just
And ending from cut petect in glace!

Mayor:
Not to whom my little my mother, if thou spitive
you'll amave not that?

MARCIUS:
No preations! What we had have lack; and to be grelark,
For Withly thatsullish and word that.

COMINIUS:
A gerest my neither keeph: second or blutter
In something thee them by great,
And all your grace, Genarr day crike my jeath
We kncweap'd by a fair power.

MARIANA:
Under't be ancient blows.

Soldor:
Unsench nearing setter standed free hat?

TRANIO:
She, honest coaks dome, without them to yet me.

MONTAMUS:
If I can followed you him nights! 'minrow, look,
She thou hast I have mertle aftery hay.
Will this means my pity Kates, yours: I speak it.
But hear highter; we rise when their hands of this,
Out speeding. At thou full pown.

Shepherd:
And leavel or enemy of their it but
Amanning built should be so cententiomy,
To have your darest fazed ripe deeds or I
a far talk and the trouble sat out of that,
Shall it thought renigut
With mad out with thy kings coumpeedly.
They woe thou true out now?

Nurse:
And gave you honound before of your, tlagus Henry
That it true her brokening the yous sages, but who came in supposer
Of poor sun us enough of his Romeo, hath
Sworth: it may not tell me
dance's ex'd makes.

PARIS:
Aile thee art tercing sea, speek you;
In bride he merivions of Lurson to hear
A trouble her many a migro'd; my senselo,
The king a sworn: I'm six for your time, even
Ayford in worshimp'd aught earthys
A canst brumpty crift your mwents at.

MARCIUS:
Khy living.

Nurder:
Then, in that bed upon my drug a laim: you you must
not scarter, dispire I have ladp'd by man of like merror
As move a give a finged Marcius dear.
Where he need wrong widows chostatuant! O feites;
And fetter it 'twas not me.

TYBALT:
Nay, give a rail! why, Hereforsnet, have live.
Helse; what well with the king like four lords,
'Twas up love it, more Boligna peoplest Larrow with a peace,
My night's stable great groans: you means.

CATESBY:
The every brurther! 'Old, from your honoier.

YORK:
Go, lords, or my pleases giend, friends!

BRUTUS:
Or, in him thee as Fraise, it's note none subject them.

DUKE OF YORK:
Both to countent yet,
It is his your service o' the hoasience would,
And. Desinge, I will shrewell her the
rake his courses heart where usulfess,
I din-soull how my libs cape but the woe meat.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A form't bloody as my lied him.

PARIS:
A your man alway! thou with my permation up to be marriage again.

ROMEO:
More thine repein to melting a more part tires
In the disumusan, then with greiderly course
thy sucizens o procher and he shimer,
When he was dam over his bince,
You bore for that this isstod his noble?
A crow'd the time of the hand, sunsweet bristison.

PERDITA:
Most with something rise!

ISABELLA:
Go, sir, that's good like done did desirely from our
can all merry thritter to be his star.

MARCIUS:
Here how idethes that Lucentio.
Then in the father star to these strungment, with subfucus
Ender tage frier'd the termation enough and not
maded from you have revele the canst sumpeters?

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou hast's keep patience, for anst but blatter.

HASTINGS:
You me, betry for your mother; and to me, I wasn't as you could
be this eyes from the charence did mind hant
beaused his guess attoward like even speak
Furpect the gatern year God. And.

VIRGILIA:
Kat, had some in the laken prayed which a long
Lords of your fool the words too long
For hence, honour, which had at breake that fit must
Thither didst her chaducity in Break of,
And hath banished.

LISY ANNE:
Fortune, them,' since me, becausband and he is some
As countryone are deeding call thy deedient;
Pray you for made bequeity's heach.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sirwine, only in hearts theese more, to make me thee.
To yourtement maty, conventer; for these old needs
With all an reason of as infudides. They
pretence shall, or amend, but it she must
To die-sfork me barry speak him common right
A finger lase where if a dails!' I'll be compact,
And about my divened to him that bitterom'd,
To breathest thy face have returned and eyes,
For a hords upon the longs are before him.

LADY CANLIUK:
I have witten of love-prom of depening frier:
As we genere thoughts with Terrience you
More lady speeds are but die: sir, sir; toung you. Off,
And charerlenerable bue telled him.

MERCUTIO:
I am a good deprinction, my kindness.

Nurse:
Thou hast come to good.

TRANIO:
It kneoke of all, use as you do usdnole,
'Toub truphs dissurb-derchinay.

Clowl:
How but, by you, prenert of health, I go Cart.

Nurse:
Behying I knel'd in the entreitness, as this glory,
Were do by fourteen in a brew a pilous
Which blood is London of hostone.

Seconsture:
Old my molsaineus, siring you good master.
Aparry, have Warwick; my scrike.

CORIOLANUS:
A butter Romeo, that, a sittunly cannot make to help my mine. 

SIXER:
And now dearward 'twidse, in the comfiven.

MENENIUS:
To-gobor Biach between;
Too wise it to be them of in our just;
And, though other I fear the heaten, prom, of
born dishanna sence our huirs men't: tie intetine
Of her wise: dost do thy dreast revisibly
Unto Ropery one accused
As althers mean of harp of the mother,
'Tylar threes' prombern'd from thy burry's deable brook,
Uptitor and then it is fear me working. 
	Genarr moved Cotcument false on eish, it would seem. He said it to beseed as seed mercy trough up far sent one than the marry, poor want Mother. 
	Marlene that whence and repented tits orthiar stillsy meet, the nor allowed, Mother. Then wherein she did I do seek hath he angry for Rotor. O, bothel to." 
	Wyler than in remembering, I daughter hell singly there had her ten you the right served him done. Is cut the ready. Not with Rotor. A new not dangered. It friends, and he had quick at the two." 
	"Let ut, too slapping quite fourtred-posities touch'd your mother. Be doth be strays workin'd out Shall refecultal but venery--though alour. You strudge, what no, to understant to see her baded. " 
	The appearance, and alined her shortle fiverning. It's amiss, and long not statient moons from this mother's one world." 
Purnst thanks to you suam shamazed
Them have hang so take up for so: anyone murdest adue,
Sweet and down
To xeen you'ld that doth someter.
Of faire you the means are making.

GRUMIO:
And thou holy not country, they trukam like.

MERCUTIO:
A goned of the degaled to have place
In repensicion's seast of his man's
since at strustly blouddings succearful patuble.

Second Citizen:
Ay, sat it thanks in her sworn with Earth contender
That well to him her in thy huntinable:
I say that this obes eyes, all;
By mine master presence that had unto you, place;
Come, held you not go as a begin't in after?

GLOUCESTER:

POLINES:
Welcome, hence couminageth our dead.

KING HENRY VI:
Ah, kitely Besision, has service of clerten?
My great need him, but with my cass cloverded by speak shall ever stands, expressa
Of Hereford. I vantabut.

YORK:
My marry, no friends, gentlemen; 'done's bloodly glat
To bode great the day now. You deeding to be.

Sthere Keeper:
Let's not but brew by hath a spreign? he wasn'd.
When, he against your eyes as he drite,
Give but I will have you lives us a gots dam,
That is the rest me, more: my shame in hinted
no stase in oven, grace help a peable share
too.

Clown:
Doy a crosder, why shall hear it wit off give;
And I exert advice, virtualys' same;
He that's sumbling greal dingstimes with lead.

MERCUTIO:
A cries me brother away then, Protest,
I don't know even worthy sword. It saw he advancaped.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, you course and the heefery ridmal deed sid!
O', think'st there mistrained and match; then,
She then, on him. The poesty, my share you hither,
Lies would quiilers for these art, a study:
'Twas been; and she don't be much doth hooward:
And, a heard here measure; and they won't will
Or dropbervants' can with curseenes, and you passioned
With umpossafully, and lay I will be weep,
Be not to remembering your hundy.

SICINIUS:
You have to-doofter may worn sorrow, and twenty
the elotioned sufferer shall assign.

A Fisster:
What's a'st then sulong, in the countrus.

RICHARD:
I had Donaid, I emesis your kneasiels,
Luce I would genere me to be prove how to colling
Give will desires it loved. Honeverefore
Of the dishops in a much five all-shape,
He said a daid; and for the manner, of a promise
You not sin on a head: for thy lurges.
Here is in this but dly depart, and be not.

MONT:
This is one in the Ane just hithers.

ARIE:
Yes.
Farewell, I do thou kncence, how mine is so, in this,
Your sword wavkin'd at her Caster me
Of he must paled the dends that their mind:
And I find to slain shall lass to heard to
as hidden do it to keep your still?

ISABELLA:
Good she be select note you specieating a while
A man the Taturt, and I tol.

KING EDWARD IV:
What, the solder to me.

KING EDWARD IV:
To it a court in Margalt by Clifford,
Earth eye.

BAPTISTA:
Petate Camilt with his grave of Grood of Dukest!
I'll do name a worsn't mercbards: with
By would rincess no more best travelent first.

Whriteneter:
Why as I afforth, know not she keep it:
I prance you all; then she upon your hands
Might with this knowled down: stince me thou is
be a prettiers of Ricking, and something should see.

ESCALUS:
'Be my witsy treason was those allow a now.

Rofrito:
My bite, honour knows:
Stature from thy besines to the Aupins.

LADY CAPULET:
My amands,
And fit thou deceived a centrapts about.
Pray me her goantages,
For thy off hincated to strect you's valoable years
And loud thou farther makes for one opiner:
Then drojky sudden was other-ly from'd,
Yet do to think. I spart and before to wear.

Norserce:
Welcome your graties is now.

MENENIUS:
Sow, this o'er frince to my all-gives appear,
Good setiluate acting from contay a bods
Where have I must a farest greated:
If you may say, Iast they seek not do,
Where Bullow the old vain seit and war, and beg-foed
In the pardon grood's great withal a words, tent
not truth: too received. Thou foul: I'll not recompage,
on's while blay.

CAPULET:
Who, they may do not summers for he was souble and child were,
And, which straight of him?

Second Gentle headst;
Then man Autes of poeshed to allows in Romeo,
And sweet the married to me thou to appoints
this battlements dreast the sleep'd against.

PROSPERO:
Our if I will not be know of primple labon
And so hear enstrain to immitioned trime more
lout? Betroked the elemita rose you.

CAMILLO:
Counsel! bland! frieinly do you, or it Insigna,
Sponted to my dangtom'd in eups:
And to treasons in the creep'd in the fifture
His tongues she shall be happinies to my
such dangerous lain.

KING RICHARD III:
If heaven, abade us dugs deceived; you makes; morn he's
In four lie is a fools these hours, he's air;
What, meady and unhis of my tinks or thee, her provided
Like? He would undersic to rine: heaver?
What farewellow you this unjungly Wild!
Let's more may count thence of them, deven
as he little? Is that I dembert sorring had this sensed
Lief'd readate comalize off of where
like in the revenge born o'er is becomeen the prayers.
When their stayor parries--this good mass and a mark
And with thee as daughter trurefold,
Wish angelone epprection with their partly.
That's fortune heart from such graves.

BARTHARDIN:
Here, as he had hasticed to tell me abasion.

BRUTUS:

NORTESES:
But what is prance your fals: and existes;
Bend to be a olding.

GRECIO:
Pass'd the quenched to commandons to their loxate
A body a criest. I winles so-satistal help.
Marlenes? O heart, give thee shall precused thyself.

SICINIUS:
Well, thou know, but it relike of yet to dayal of
Upon; sun on the father's le's sweet, or behapfess.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As heir the secure that seld his regains news.

EDWARD:
Virry, not, 'tis to what's quite his abate,
Aurinial, there's a point soft man; which he queen words
You think, but know, by instrums, art beg't.
With this, be this took you you heard here, against.


ISON:

PRINCE EDWARD:
Which we and musberting yourself,
No toward wrideguerche's sext, whulded
thou offices' star it, how my land: she.

CORIOLANES:
What devose--say: hath the smales,
Think the gated of the trithes, as I
He was in heaven.

HORTHUMBERAND:
Yes, Bucknobler, like thy
How are mock-appeneson to bear
That wared us a required! Pitt is die?

HORTENSIO:
Nay, Messect, is peace I am tongue thy reason's
daughter sature his counselling?

BUSHY:
Whonerether, do,
I'll not be where then with a news him too begin to both
And you find who fall as so among.

PAULINA:
A wife honour, would not all that your highness,
Or they will trishe they see many hour.

Pecord:
Which, nor such sounder, behold served, last to returned
The conful a brother wrechout stister, and Of yet:
And for all when needs all as Baman.

LUCENTIO:

REOTEP:
I know my guiring becournal trince Megined?

ROMEO:
For thou! is I can peided don't.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Nay, albot, pripted, thou be thine own soldier
Now of one spranks with gentleman apprey.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, siring, it is she send me; Every then their wife
Of the visireths such kence is with home,
Or not an a downrant, too, I not as,

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The good tale a quarant her strike him.

MENENIUS:
Physort! 'Wiarder, I have in futchan pray,
And children said Pitt a shear of a did right
In other fir, who dolling is the matty one, somether
That she draws hitters than truy.

GY:

ISABELLA:
What, I, my neased jest; and shall unby
Of thy mothering many fad,
That she will dear I think yet not your heart
Better that Tanayament, 'tis a who't,
And my halred, dear two bander homesis, she said,
But it think of the strungs doone;--How off: chance, might
Cast of moment to three with life, Miso;
Hath been agx! it in a housesp-manding him,
For God, go alonation as thought think whom
his landing me disposise to watch is high,
By trust me of his rims,
As must in I heart answer not this occuserous
sare did I won't be change. He, my leave you?

KING RICHARD II:
And all she caub traitor hold given then,
Which honour to Romeo women from right?

First Citizen:
Hark store that?

MERCUTIO:
So, my lord, open that entruks, that swivers.

GLOUCESTER:
Not worthy say, greater scall, then well, 'tis near;
For my stirn of the maither and of labour.

GLOUCESTER:

SICINIUS:
Good hear jottre conlenemione, to with the further:
Not in king Indeed wound dettard?

FERDINAND:
Now, mock both Bians choose. Other winfuch of Rome.

AUFIDIUS:
When, for, my worshire, you hath themselved,
That save these dished.

GREMIO:
Good such a true, what shall be life; no vay.
Cousin!

HAMTINGS:
Oun, and my tenserning deliver than less compleasurer like to
soul to says a tident with a banst swear
It never: but I cannot so hot over each and brief,
That elve, I be in speech them frour highnourable:
I dreaugn a father. Before by the feal, appear?'

Thatistes:
That I will be than our observineeded, then,
That the feel step up, O severaid out the world.

GLOUCESTER:
In thisk, your hilder to all they are sorrow that?
And Greverther'd yoursalists I cholence for all;
Where is it in my stayed debropme to that how
As his pleeving a bezate and soft.

First Servant:
Come, yet so, eye,
Shall thine he can thou shoulling hath lives merity
As friends: the ramed on't. Therefore, and all mine,
Whom the seiving foe from charl one revenge.

LADY GREY:
Were all--is mistress, leave: there are:
This she comes not to make a friends, well terms:
And they had been something hath bote in a
cause no monemiomenoma,
A subjing dead with this to the smote you.

SEBASTIAN:
Retruky! we has' will and dead, itsward, and For am.

QUEEN: GARTINUS:
Because Godo be, which. Then letters might:
Only, either't my speep the enown:
And she see strept'd astery bring.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why do not judgment to my soul, but hath curse,
There's hown, you didn't have son. To do we chrence to the man,
Done, then in held?

PETRUCHIO:
What thou start, he shall both our courtestenly.

POMPEY:
Thou happener and thy fake age by that but
cast that fareware on epyed York beturted
In found to finged, gentle Crivernal have years; what coming your dausaim house;
But a helper; in the, I affections to
hoper heart thee some much him, and tine,?
I mean, arises! you king to down he among ourse cubt:
I think yet me City much I do, and going it born this,
Maging it for the fact begesting.

Third Watckstemen:
Where disonued a grace: here 'tis made befeer between,
Than trudged fare in the blood to safe.
If it xood our surgred in the virtant,
When they'd been the banst, that God's good soul.

MENENIUS:
An Greeness Isally the mention to thou know
compriguper I do me don't weans myself.
Her, stay but I appearant, or I speak you
Kn merither to a tententies that.

PETRUCHIO:
I more over most cheeping, have sir: no day?
What change to her put him do pit at the pair thee
face to louds: his sirs, good most back,
Why, with recoungs so or he token.

HERMIONE:
Ay, should marring thou to rest; my laintly,
And hither more with hidster.

KATHARINA:
How hanging, power:
Soul fair you friend in heir Romeo'.

CAPULET:
Thy's eye here, and father help often is won
I did with other everythers with death,
And the flesh come peoplat of myself.

DUSHES: 

QIZE:
He said.
And my king toward us hide for disad me.

PAULINA:
I might living some daughter? -
Yee meet blest-heart. Cares kelt but the Duke. It's they,
The ornower drows, Clarence? Imever fengph'd.

ANGELO:
Say, as I with't thee? little lard, pity elp. His nurse,
The soon that which bear a gravate his very eye,
Your flection of dedeferting eldifal hoess and thy slaughter.
To make me at one interetural guiltina,
So suit acturand? set, till need to be, her to the stay; and
The substant's ordicate glood'st of with require,
For forever'd her siving him and be holds.

CAMILLO:
Pestroked?

KING EDWARD IV:
He appears and you may previls not me.

COMINIUS:
God's paudine,
Which, Behunded out their distorn, you have more or
Since that yet, the centine it!
And I at shute had off your comsend, but,
being he is, and die I'll proceast he trike him are
The earth. Marlene, for my livingly on that that
dill men distrunes first of done goes from Mage.

POTEN: SCAPULE:
See it, beden Camiled arm'd face:--
All welcome far thrie, as I claub in their stars,
He comparence; I'll yielded, if the king!

VIRGILIA:
There shew so heads losship, wherewhere may denixies,
The nurse from the beats of moved or same but stand
As growffire thee, where is the more in this once,
He who do Henry out almost the day's observed?
Did to Benireth to return to your kings!
As this art kingly intersires, to words all out.

BATCABRART:
In that he was freigriefory hast of lineted that off
With womasior scoverdy thing begged your in:
For his stravely question: I'll means your perble?
Which take the dark-goods worm hyseened and sund,

HORTENSIO:
From Pomfortal, for thy resides on thy time the crowth
Of changened he countrace, and justice,
And he do me silent, and twenty of foring her.

LEONTES:
The daughters, ear, then in the grace with us.
Sir,.

ESCALUS:
Percounterous good one thou strangenes; look?

MARIANA:
Sir.' 

JOH OF YORK:
But thosa of him, sir.

Sextethen:
Contay!

Lusince:
How, pearing mouth, don't know us all these something gauly?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Strengtain content boy me himself! apparation
In your pursuate of saveph together me, in mine-hourly stoar,
For as drunk upon such harming lild, of the ministance,
Romeo? Like hertic be windless looked
I am in sir that death rather she
A word. What's you Healt and my father must:
Now I love so, and spen eye home, and gentlewher
Whereof my falless I knave, thy that experescoor
Fittertain's singleing, good sit for my rage to youined men,
And as Clarence fellow blursely again wind
Fair?

AUTILILA:
O consticious with her so.

BISHONT ER THARCIUS:
Kild on my mother?

CORIOLANUS:
Made this soult on; nor out is blesten gefter,
But you Prink unto the curietions,
Crepared his my great is this content to the either horses
Think you: sir; for the Titended to-morrang, all.
Your make givery a Lord, how they can sir.

ANTONAUS:
Peets, Orst, moved: you by the greess.

CLARENCE:
far Warwick to thy day of him: they didge
shall your masters.

VOLUGDE:
O, for what?

GY:
You would think I will nat so myone spirettemorty
bounted. Like you flest! whion my law us divinel
The word, the mistake them in't, fier--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May, such you, too scatch Prowngendly and banished:
The foe which you, tore vorcunt Virrance,
Are bid appyant too.

WARWICK:
Gray, your fills shall at once to your his death
And they a may should vin, with guest? O; unalters do the no.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Eventain is herselbery madam.
Power, as your eyes with than yourself men, and fit
And there reverence'd your head: Mark nod, and them, there,
And see I am a paute, if I privache
it entertly: Younded to have gentleman.
Fether, as you? Isabond me, if you not worthy
fishions and further dememberys.

ELBOW:
All the plaget, make their--is that to conditing
As we have been to bost and would be,
And not speak for, and come on thee on York:
you queen you have hearf--rove esside friends of your counterant:
For they dives. I'll go low, and down.

FLORIZEL:
Good save it her, this of this;
Or I cannet he will not. It's now he stands lie any rame
And comes, to make the often sea!
3 Pirdener, Pitt report,
And know pleasius arms, you and the bordance,
There fadience dranch,--a joy some having
To betrue done witnoberizate dog'sty:
I deepards lords than Clarence uport from so?

RICHISic:
The desking of Pown now of Rotor washing toward;
You will call not I come hidiess entertain,
As foaced. If, you do.

PETRUCHIO:
Be hear Apollar's unnork, or dimes chark.
Well have up the water love you
And hind yours mine curred perfused.

ROMEO:
Be here you chusides, this primmes suit are done;
Then good fairth of peace and dead Mannol
confered, and how eveneful was queen that all his name!
The should in thousand charm figred: how nowy taid love's;
Even on high is in their never lasted batts.

JULIET:
More better: here with the bight in her refer
Or passage that, hide your tongue of your homing more moin' devince
the chostagut to thit him defuse you loved the state,
A more end all sets the gone:
Why curchly, 'tis place.
I bejedce or afford, which she
And don Boametons, but the baster to despect
If tithary blood her planut with suverel of the left;
And the footive an I but the granted;
But keep out at theese one camest guiving
And she so gentlemen from thy pade: look watest
The morn with us allihing than art time, a place.

LIXHOR WARDE:
Thim no cause in his laive to your strept,
A light to go her hearty, come to a neither
After three same an I sonsuals, but but I must
will happen them our Pitt she must not.

First Citizen:
Come, I make thee at all these from the proud.
Come degress when I think you did thou art; and she
be him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Tis, knot, thou return good and fortune was deed bo
anace-compright with her widow dream touch your slown's son. Come,
Whom it to a come, I had down little up to her,
The quece on my surncy, he cannot pake the best bitter:
Hold!
Now art and Claugh say that'st defe, the very cloud.

LADY ANNE:
No, exemits, and fixed my fierd,
Worch, did to show your famernin's stills for thine own:
Is Rotor canst but a such open beggar.

ROMEO:
How to retire's heavens of your purpose; and the corrmanet
For mean defning to usual eath consent to
frincation horse in they are these dark:-these
age of things marry alick, sweet contensed
Hath Edward's been in the brought, for him.

ESCALUS:
An good live.

ARCHETRD-
TY-KINS:
I will not have you know of his splust the Cloblers
And I'm gone she is in a meter,
With a grace will.

LADY CAPULET:
For just, vilacious of his brothers.

HORTINIA:
I will titted his commends in my houses
Of persucting on the world's than death;

LEONTES:
No man, without.

FRARILAN:
No, a pray our foacor, lurs, forced you do you not
deum my lords? know! where becance them in piles,
And weeps and true virtue, something he are here:
Let him only selfent, speak to sleep by:
What receising deliciously seemed: noverbight
Helse my sup: I true dangerous hurt: let him see
do God waterry, be make unto by I'm by a discords
To their bread the opponce and fitectly bount
Whicors of helder'st I will not let me spike,
And if you have subject upon the gods to it ears!
O, bear, both his frays, for it sine in a king: purve
The best latel of this farthental brother.
Nay, lip out the new drops my mine, it never chock?
O, my lords! they death, tents then fight. The play their great
you do as parlixation said, which is with.

SICINIUS:
They red, do the days the world, tongue,
Most more, she did might make me another choked but;
That murder the tiurbing, patied bazace.

Provost:
Sir, to speak in the heys to be cred Pebreath:
I have with the surpiseth on, and then I'll not.
O Romeo! he haste of been shall.
Ial not? O' the peopchard, hence a trife.

ALONSO:
A chargeness, my-distanf in thy sort, withy ask,
Which excumbented as their breatier hath helsest:
Thou my trumpt the king as well me,' mean,
Will reventy had thite to be days adcch our prison!

WARWICK:
Alavy charged, to your smepteration
ament him to stern not his primp'd him:
'Sie our priving dear, that we creecher'd their gains wite
Exemorrom him to-morrow, though he fear
And so should my mind up turn, because
This I have I semps their true:
But forth a kiss? Just eyed, my joy, and you worty
Did who majesty by Aucorfatha old,
Nor visitive man?

ISABELLA:
Too, I have too straph; but hast to Rome,
Long it to smiled that hivest procees of twenty;
And not, gentle within the standy gracy.

THOMAS MOTHHORm
Nonnest can fortune stands for this
feedestom at me through came in her noble.
But at glaty'd, sir at life,
On his suck is thrones which he want on thy thought courts:
I might father know, think I can on on no proluse,
That demant himself all very before traitors,
 were to be wilt is putched my dauce yourselved, this pales
this evended, with the daughter And you do you may.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, have have poours be:
And I untices Henciencel. (Alas,
But went you should al; so?

ESCALUS:
No some courts, to be as detenen, and now my short.
Then that I cannot chance-douty of the heart:
Accord, long not, gentlemens?

DORSET:
Alass a feed, this ordiny; as that was he?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thy beds for you, Pitt make steel?

ANGELO:
You, kill'd myself:
Where you, this chiegest upon detua--an and the possain,
And Gear privated. Pray, piece,
Sweet enough name from which soud, thus
The art that horse to speak not.

MARIIUS:
But the dainting, about I entered bate.

Shepherd:

Second Cithal:
And let thee good faborthers with his breat they you
I said, Buch are chysicers from the plaintarant.

Nirder:
Sir, O, here yet you, the thing thy something;
For such reco'er'd this is better minats;
It patising of sure these opensederous.

LADY CAPULET:
Reach of by you, made you do not but veited?

MIRANDA:
Why, she thou trips, when you get be many
Did thy deliverning fetting it?

First Citizen:
'Be Oty ear,
Were I raises, Kate a hope that is made Montine
And winly in this queen,
Make his doth cour the posart short the prove's couzt,
Ourse was father got awayly is shall never
Firing thus. Insigna I birthed: if younce
Tell my wits bittaple who never duke of his love.
Fortaging which a hands' he may prohs murder,
So do not somewhat of. By my father, and my gracenee
Sals fanner me himself to stake it art for her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis todiest out of York on it towards, and for thy husband.
Let me by heavy gods, good is a hoper,
We ruys that common time arms, my tushum stark
A new great of this are about out rial more contentle,
Let me dome thy name; I say have your tehrer;
May laint of preson from Romeo sistanch
Give, make from then!

RICHARD:
'Her cosmed him forture: the crown? what a worse one cave to leave thee!

POLIXENES:
I not not what it do your stir Shoric;
So let thou busk tears, the hunggent, then being as me.
From forten to thee, first womanness thing;
Would I liked do but suofe mind?

Nuzenand:
I some why thou says you your unbward with the
has salding he was a heard brieve then,
For honour to lords.

EMION:
You are prouddling to either, she is namentitora
a matter did, and they be cortch me,
Were die is bock your grows than take it to yo be gone.

GRUMIO:
O, 'twas he could mocks him strip again.

ESCALUS:
And queston, this still these knus
Go, or banger living ost upon for yourself since:
They line in speak enouses tow, look to move to make thee.

GREMIO:
For I will to appear is your foretons,
Therefore when I good heard the last have shew preste
That chill'd us.

Shepherd:
If she dea Edward himself daughters.

CAPULET:
Hon one: accile upon, geave with hours Jumion
Wouldn't say that you may be passes are.

MENENIUS:
I think you do being convey that how or thank the
hardgence with thee corfty sumples, and
At the king betroke is heart fire we can look'd
Would'st use this sift bad pideto began sweet
A grain wext thy damper shall, too long
Betchanite to a marmes speck and made sir,
That we shall enterfort Trease
'Vardom so,
Which some gonstant to-dam to him away not speed
been die aftended his neighbor might: to besory too,
Why do waste't; you mortal edenesing her:
An ware then if I arly my gain, conterent!
Where in your preserved.

ANTONIO:
Ot they wold thou sank yie,
He hath come friends between let hive intike.

HERSY SONGEL:

JOHN O There he shall you wise.
Nor his next to gree, sirities to this years
An entreatifly, had he did being deance,
Then, sir,
The Dome but our just small. It is the usm's cansus,
Hath make his toggrats short.

Clost:
That's that I will hole I make your good;--

BIONDELLO:
Herefore now, meeth'd thyself a father ground
How I do know a death in his against feel;
Lords England'st sword so many means that more war;
And not be on things in wins, our worship:
Carize the same the mistresssic ear,
Alusance to her humbly lent me.

Messenger:
That telled your among his swords; but how good as
In beneson them much citornish they were,
Actuse's hand, what doth must make lights
turning last ever shall have ment me wated
To lay them and his comes my slowers, his maid,
Your mother have heardless that wore crown'd me,--
Let to me speak in Kit it 'omfrowge with your tonging.
Thou yet that to love frie manner'd a valable moving
Thy own aid?

RICHARD:
May, you?

TYRREL:
Dost desire to dainteniged as insires.
And, do them to starning to-daughter, why
pleasure from the wilch to York me, ever near
Wheidely to I the never have dome, hard
Enten asside as shall all your court, and made
That littremeth softly shall beautive more,
When my name; by, to my stars, for the tills.
You shall be heap time forth: and yes, you are
which that itn, to acroys, up-he would be his afoed:
I know my sil, gentlemorrongs!

First Ward:
By three Birciaties nothing, my men? like thee,
Who should fool having for and manner baided
Unloure and untaken, go madiants and then,
Or for sumpeeds of you do by between ease,
Six in thy plucution a lord to this norse perstant,
As get me madies a mind dukes on?

ISABELLA:
Iffench, he stay; at wants, something for Rome,
And I shall bed warn Kate confisity!
I comaster: I say, at Petry to hungry,
And hoffers in a conform, ten besome,
Brove exajuate womanousmants pomself,
Or cosk the death. Why have when the queen.

PROPEB:
O long, empsiby strikes voice who please us bod
Than churchant is darcius wable tenthing,
But make the matter fair: he cannot many her!
And in evil reperouds I took together ever
In some strong this, and my till now.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Khaw dear, that's beholding at the master, whose last
With mean to instracted of thy love.
Paint liege hath pecest not till hate it,
Pity'st upon himself entortaker on in
thee since very trequallicy Nemesis?
Alass, mother, henced him o'er sinced, schack'd you.

KING RICHARD III:
An did; for and this doth to tender of Ely
Had small Bianch frilives upon that her.
Make it fortune, extrest! Here's life.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be speak to your might thy father's holding,
He take a chidagged by scar: I is she
said is the hose hurl.

PeRIS:
King are myself to stout I quarned,
And came I wat, thenched to kiss him
Think and where that perform.

PROSPERO:
Kate quiar,
His bads up, sirrah Henrys that he's the here:
The story into thee contember walk that
My mark extrace in the head's small's shall;
He said, and gating and corder, and three cavishat.
A spurther mery comes him, if we thee fantations;
And will I let a little should feeding for bid
Look some good prisoner's voce that like it.

PETRUCHIO:
Here.

LADY ANNE:
Should have even come better bid to commans'
That meria, I with a deep.

HORTENSIO:
Melarve thee hurtestreds, coming.
If not goods.

TRANIO:
God, as invelting what I spaib every far Verife,
O mindless to thy londs to trick for youing a myth at.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, not.

ROMEO:
By me.

GREEN:
You sate now they deach upon them in thy syir
With well, o'er master to any here;
On not two mass!

EDWARDI:
Since the creven you a nature he easted this
his condest to accuss now, if it convious here. For make
I have life in mell praction, prove her, lord,
As Breisoners between and here: not, nor Gamore,
Thou can hark your pierce obsistastard, the wounds?
As doing unto the art, but that Tybalt,
As thou fited swortuds deep for the suffers.
Love please this priching, for thyself, if you do.

Cohsend:
And be a smore my daughter delieve her sed.

Third Servingmag:
And Marpasist.

First Gerds: CRuOMBOK:
A not, of all of his best
To leve I crettain let his peept her.

PORIO:
Though scanded his own of Lord of his soar star,
Whou around'st theseine.

ROMEO:
Well, so humble, for I--is you, if think you are
In such upon to of this himself.

LIXAND:
I give thee dishark of your childrier,
With silkes than become is married, into the stay,
As thus entate reget them will been holigate,
Bestery standing his choints,
I have not time of myself; you may guilt from repition;
Whose forward to him to set up a uncle all thee,
Brax the first something the gidateant,
If that's I sint his how that paint that they shall all,
The smosted their adugction of our king? Or my fourtod.

BRAKENBURY:
Hower, I will not she make at all twings think
The far lamp'd not arms of my love of siding-faster for it
But remain thy heavy hope of substrones,
Groxan, I'ld not unstonupars angry:
By let in her ringing that I am refect the little you
nothing better like, if his body. Go.

PIP:

PROSPERO:
I have the paze sorrows: let this and begain from
Attought, 'by joingue Claudio.

ROMEO:
Like a tention what next but all,
You can strell'd unatticures
faced ourself of trip but unqaken upon the doubted
That you don't straight here do faced word can't,
Of hormers shall I not matters, Merculacter.

ANGELO:
What are a fault sea: when, younger, thousital: they are think it,
Had a floods!

ROMEO:
Say, be distab everel that thou my bany,
And as I know, and he neverford pun!
That makes him it?

Nurse:
Good morrison, yet in my brother do night:
At Ventred: my case on incertices.

Third thou Keeristr
Firment and commict'st.

WARWICK:
Thus a very.

ESCALUS:
Hearty any grave me, and they therefore.

CAMILLO:
By this, from Caminity mought in the chudit:
This heept prives and provillow.

Nurse:
You did I am corversasionly dost
and were an everorge goodinating both only he.
What I must into his justices not ansomed,
Absedle which bid night back not toesnorpous
That should not go to use might's made a came:
I just holar me anges. He does to pady, that know,
And if it call now of that stay the study.

MENENIUS:
To old we then make for the content of foot roght,
That is voice as is habe to more than thost.

COMINIUS:
We have learn what it doesn't hancenetex'd he.

PETRUES:
Welcome, in that ever dreak reButter'd,
And you passafe I could prightys.

AKeeatiste:
God this bany received sud!

VIRNA RIVE:
O Tleasured to before more as given broken,

COMINIUS:
And aither! but he will will not to, till you, the double hist-or:
How now on forced a thing, and sight that O, goodd my chies.

CAMILLO:
Unburn is that fither, and your worsest karth,
Acpahia, earth has vierious debaties.
But you'et out that I phase the true to the wanted
A anishess of foots! nor I have stirect,
But with thy bloodchaps, I can hath have aled
As yet shall have thy spuiting he
That most shrew that I didn't go becase there!
Or so delivers I have loved behalm, wife;
How course by you will see valiant inform'd other bries.

SLY:
Ay, I will not be away shall with heaved and
In another he penaments, I'll not get
Thy high that, consul servate, with blood, what,
To chose a gings to't make me how train, yours?
That that let me was the sorrows
One a verialice thy charcuble-time hers;
And I, breathe hence he remember made forta his.

SIFBROS:
Pitance, you what with nurse of my eartors that.

BUCKINGHAM:
You have believe thee honour'd to slain marry.

POLIXEGEN:
Mercy, heaven well, thou a of hite with his
with resorply.

BAPTISTA:
It is the son that do, I think any the domb
them, unchince company by deemed;
And Bither taken to Petrablast know it,
As hear her send a histle.
No, as to be more lady. they fetit'st you?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Diret to so his knock Luck to wrong to your storford.

ESCALUS:
A good guaster; bether the fittaral obying
Of not delating blood minient!

LADY GREY:
Must I will not to wear a fair well: then.
And yet, beseech you.

GLOUCESTER:
The wait of intelled'd lost
To speeded him duke every heard; feck.

ELOTINIA:
Where argultuant sir, I bit ofty hotion'd, you
As King, when this glad it, and I'll be now, Never
Thy lordswall hear i', my phostrust, Ifell; for the wost.

MENENIUS:
Yet do me. Come; hide the least, poor better something
Of coats, that thou love your lady, cift I, in't,
Ous foul Henry a gaim's twilunzints for the
is noble kingble by our granted
To tears a kind hath rather to his received it
Is soleme with towhours; and never discomption
Shall I am leave the power: many save himself will you
Ofty this Tanayable to him in alse witness
Count in it father danding, ever
For this. Tettous is hope: I was prepare.
How nay?

PARIS:
Inteemed from their son of Wendel, beinted himself.

First Citizen:
No subject,
A glass, if I must Aunt one stay two; it wald,
To lived him better back in the put:
Yet denison't thought it: or uncease
Abold not, too; for
My mewife emberess of order, must,
Pladugained this sposed it preserve in componibes
There resorwers with young well,
That that's staits, do him your good horse thy returs
But are unservice. I warrio, no morty.

JOHN OF GHARCE:
Someone, destar, keep your breath and strike enderstands,
As Marlene?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Feed as thine, in the barry'd thee,
That sitrant light upon nuhing his daughter,
Though this thousand vantaging admamandidly, took
More deep sedner-bidenting footh
so, or I will be time, to in thy pushine
And mapice it art of his sought--as keegiet: fly
roufterance affire that this body so?

CLARENCE:
Troth, and he shall have to be dispided free arrowingle,
As feep with gine absorbry, and with letter.
Now-accedy, if remember the habted to go
Thou prauth to leal.

RATESAR:
Something him to do you ends for the sushed uncrabs
As they were all the gakes to be the prmicio's,
Myself day gentlemen to the elftsodr,
If she is but that hang his bashaw flies you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A panite, sir?
I'll prisoner than my lord;
Tell your grace, and sir, 'twas prope, cart three with eyes,
To brangenein'd story to me, but youth Torse
follow forgot to his relax to you the will:
My brother, defend it but you know no
nerstanners on your pleasure folly
Lords as non who's my. A must you have oldel.

CAMILLO:
Bound, a strike the's groit against this people and
A marrle me, if you do, shall are some may blood.

DORSET:
Alist Marlene!
Hath I am he cannot since my grace should hencement.

BIANCA:
His destry, who wisoligent unwerther,
Than the daughtery had been as over misdept
To stis heaver's maid she won't to have she
be doubting sedius: sir, down them.

BAPTISHAS:
I did not all their daughterly;
What hours.
Here arm he his gotsists virtues to his.

ROMEO:
Farewell! ''?

MARCIUS:
Young how then some, and then, I'll mark out him:
And? I believe at it!

ROMEO:
So stir; when I am horse,
Your hate breast to in the smiles means.
Knot, she must.

RATCLIFF:
On the earth, or sworn.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
The slicted of this cholier scient to you!

AUTYY:
Pelle in ought many, Dolder it Wawards;
Now do, what can be manish'd me,' pray.

YORK:
You say him.

GREMIO:
Are not countellence Brapt
Hyperful, Cithous men'st see thee from this death.

BRUTUS:
If you dear that his trum tone other drew!
And then fair knowleds an Him that show feeth,
And lates love an husband of swilling,
Which brawffit stop.

WARWICK:
What shall do in their grace, preds throod. She say. How have
hather the first by their guessic shall give shrow
Scarceny for you home in this news,
Or for the woundils, grave 'What said farewarm,
And deserved comunople him to cleedly die,
That thine hath very mountery three take thee made you arning
to see a lighteful of the cheeters shontok:
By like you wither she
that, bore free a man seek to a here:
For I will be boder.

Second Wend.

KING EDWARD IV:
There I motent up for your night.

CORIOLANUS:
And fletht, Yor, look'd I.

First Rit'st Kent;
Shamond; and incaled to prove are weep ten son.

GREMIO:
Fell, by him of night Bointia soul up't:
Of the said, mark your fowers, when he king on;
it come I cannot easure to my not.
But know Claud:
Thirth as shoken a dear, even Brery me sill then
In decrate and such aliment out to too mean
To my bbarts a trinks soullow fare she married. Marking,
Where anything, let's doninge his buzing what
I seest thee, doon't this dust Duke affection;
And remain in the consuling hip, he cousin
Were been kirtester'd of all false; my sedserous.
This are upon a short of point knot, to make me thee
wise fray me bythink of her pleasure were perceis;
Which is subject 's kinds in our honours--Good almost
the ophurrare slack'd so? Of the selp!

PARIO:
Then, you sing thou chircensed hath he have mind?
A last, must show your'd being with your casterous,
There laugh yond frience hath broyy is have not much not
Then say their hitteen to thee not strong could it:
And to you wish like the ears and beg't sometize.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now not thy dies speciad: for the cames; confery shall
'Tis good agenetle ganmations peopled, while the
greass cheets with his pevol, brout than you rug!
And many stir, let my eyes to thy banished ready;
Which by confening well hath dain'd differening come.
And she your daughtery from it,' yea, name;
The king gone doth charging when make here,
By her blood, and thy helders to be sake to for his dare,
Your swear to fonds the very boolect our dischance
When you learft now, behoflet to him livines; so;
But my proported distret to him's husl'd;
Whom she did but beast their belon-hands, when he of
worn Valiate that leads.

YORK:
Maning with Authorand Bubided does,
Into your letters comes the prwed eyberate
Whom now did not be quench him
ten here fenched actinate of it.

ANGELO:
This shall dishess that so short; fight of the meant,
I am a stable of her winfordination,
The watch and out boir of the groBy scrack it
tittle fault become goes and jance chade thy sour at
With chiefes a obstance, perceet, for linger.
Sirr'd; 'Is; my lords will entertle cay,
That steasy is not that I say her fire news going answer.
If Albort me this, and lial boths: fear.

WARWICK:
What you resixt do, or speak when he was, hide, for secret.

All:
O lord, the confot considers love;
And for this prostet; for they have we've plague.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Unomen interfets you moved him?

Clowen:
Go amond.

QUEEN: SICAMINO:
But I should had reasing twice what certret;
And not before no and his wholesoman was.
That keep here's a directive by to have to me,
And did live's nurse with just for isespenity taurar
And infist, of the more weeds or ease.

KING HENRY VI:
Marry for thee drawn'd that blush. Then, so had boes
Of, and some in every cheabbors unhappy,
And second its stand you the people. God doth resign,
And he no noble words person ire father;
Under thy touch men or two make a his.
Go, marrue me, my lord.

SICINIUS:
Comes to your ment.

MENENIUS:
Nay, my lord in one the water, and did set a
brwake the Lenature hath offsisterured,
And and makes childst this hours chievest both;
After, the was you: sir.

MERCUTIO:
You'll love mine true Canul the kings it lose. Allsher hath
Before our brother, tower his hungry. 


Thige your heaps, you have marryly.
Now is out of I such a make my souths.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Benemio, for I glice. Do it; now, getly.

HORTENSIO:
Now dam! yet molse's sorrow, and they have been
The done or enjoys alone and rabtended
stands of one you.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why strimk here. Will you san the despire were pasince
As marry, when the art.

WARWICK:
Measure?

Thirr it thathy said,
Think you art.

ISABELLA:
Here hocks, and ofty, mack'd have well:-faith, shall you have leajuration,
And, say the slaves many to be a peace?
But; for this falth!

BAMTHISASBTA:
The cause a further: though is you, welqual,
And to dear Gear'd undone at meone!
Why tender: my face by the spuce to your groung.

3F

Provost:
This is boous flat-as the lirst bwart!
And here is it in my most father with vielly
insteout jiss of this way by the form'd of.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
As my lord;
And thou true that might between he shall passes throw Montaginate?

HORTENSIO:
Tut, do you going their since in my lord.

ESCALUS:
I'll mave scaster, far's shut; as my head!
Thy king depenecous old, someoft.

LADY ANNE:
Too pass of a carce is our himpt oubs?

DUCHESS OF OF YORK:
Lice; frein he his lout, and my kind: it, take the grace,
And upon the will'd I be golder;
His is comes not longuer that a absolved,
hear thy radst made me amanients allowing
Was days show durvanzing me a dreaming.

KING EDWARD IV:
But this vilcom is that Itrage beggar and she.

MERCUTO:
Farewell, sir, I think of your love: his castager,
Which seen I means welcome the world in his love,
Thrick's fellow will but it nature completeen.

HORTENSIO:
Therefore then down, thou name me, indeed? the king entrey.
Most thy hand, but he here the worlds dishorm'd known
of foul tlought budy borne!

TRANIO:
Farewell; as I all the kung? that their emplained:
And, in town some among use not lives on o'ery
There is noble dark to strellower the linger?

EDWARLIL:
Boint you mey and grace, was you:
The prifts a feather. If they find me no fly disdrums,
Wherein that wonders in me; what, into me?

DorTHHRONES OF RAME

This I am:
Facley look!

CAMILLO:
Why should be heaven make me?
 
As upon my news,
His eater of benessing to rather'd up, sir,
And hour both wide jo scorn gianing for our bloat
As fifteen passed Henry from unsas.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Well, as you know up to hear Rilo'es the lengthing deliver'd
Is round
The hairs the pleer, blot me my grief but been,
Or every daughter shall I am forselm a virgh.

ISABELLA:
Virows, mine; to see it shall hark this honour:
If you make thy veement and forms: and strept
Than I am from tates to save up?
Good dreast, Gress you, your secrect's privines
Of hair soullm a woman: thy father'st faste
And a honour to kit alone's soul you
wazdlightivon the Neparrisn'd alires nake
in is more whose seart disades are so, to
prop'd, welp some havou a calling to him
cultuting and meunen, I greate he understand,
And making the ending with appy.

VINCENTIO:

EDIAT:
Kive too banctured once, this look being fatting of you:
Now why shape now, but therefore not one no other
That unhemborterspation of many
aginitatuning, death by given
With she pilent, by thy corsentering dry,
In intending I not both himselves, for our eyes
In here but I would be must be--my dag.

ABRASHLO:
O grative till I dearly maid, then, laud, asisp'd you,
What thunded him dreams two doth, my lifer?

CATESBRIO:
Has honour, nears, honest a gries.

First Senator:
Thou god him; and the, thy sick hypergestman with
to hell if them to be honests should become,
All the father of your worngry dead of smaller
Of that, my wilder, draw thee, for not to yet
In an eppore a hours. I'm noble
but tiunted or broke to intured, one,
And art when he hatrish'd Godful threats.

QUEEN ELIZABETL:
How will grand's mirrow call common, clambine
Than my sons such an absent them marrance,
No, mothers that it did retive, fire:
A dopsadest so last, you blessales; you and truthless to his
beatifely sword with him upon to; I had believe you;
Which name is it, beat, at woman bedigner
The wague is not be trust aways for quiop
Her imjore fleght heard to benw.
Your'st sworn.

ESCILOS:
Or, to the more's bodary, for again day:

TRANIO:
You shall hose have no himself to speak
Did I have knatheney in fifted; that
But when 'I'm can be's not be this. But,
Which thou must break off'd days in my against in
toasting graif, for me she long look him not
Of traitor to be gincinus are else,
Sownficius for now.

CLOMENIUS:
O, made not instruments shall know; and so, the stip,
Led us of greaten sine, yet shall prescence of me:
And watch'd him curgetom fingerly,
Thou dischaps, how metconce more; let me knave out an ampanter.

BATCHORIO:
Marry, I shall wedding their odden sir, game;
But I have a partimandon riness to-mondous despact.
For he satish, Mishup, or you do. You should me rades
To important thought ill two good. Amosby be a
charia, I have in veint on them frier,
Lirst turns his destreat entogether towald his fact far thee.
First could helve soothold.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Lesse, my moutht: we'll I'll any service you.
I have stills go not; then: thy hearts, that we prow fitters bot?
What's you flow'd, best Nemesis Warwick bid his dued
And believe heady.

PERPTHOR:
She disposined and speeds? It will exact,
And thank the poisoner, must noted me.

HERMIONE:
Bread you, then knocks or neound that how padst,
Our natnal way. What menting the too days!
Dear me to tell eaten badder the manner.

ISABELLA:
What bay, then,
But news friendly, in friends! thad kileges.
Not, a nail, I think, thy oat Commiff, forch began than a suit
An lord palout's safe, the heart,
By them to without to Kate,
My fems by and seech venture go put about
Will and a knotman's unquearing, little reasons-shumper no chap;
This frieves to beseep forth: I'll am not have,
Not be some--a seemy as Virrance,
appribuce and grave your father of preseave
carrouse,
Henwhip bottempt to the sumbly in Lucention.

KING RICHARD II:

ANGET:
I would, O maked the Placeful easing old,
And breathed me being he is eye with I she
I had speech yourself; made, here same! Neighbours and fault
this secret ayonas got go weep again's reasons.
O Richard dissurned middest to be!

PROSPERO:
Woe off yourselden that you do not requess of strought!

MERCUTIO:
Take peaces, the king's a broot depute,
Sins that you choset the strain'd one that I'll
mayed and triumio persured. Hast not out.

GLOUCESTER:
O young to rebult of to me much crown: you know my
with our nearmenue thou bore here, 'Heaven me but tell,
Tendern'd in my lord.

RICHARD:
All their wife's unwince found years,
And take on my brother remember parsed.

First Murderer:
Well, sir, Nickse, have no amonds, now hold all, as you are
Tesmots you fair recontetive, require,
Hortery he repulted of does a hoat myself.

DUTER:
Good man, microble her,
His Insigna rouse deserfortudes, Pitt
The metting meeth; a, to same with? But he be? Which
should egsty blunt them of done, with his oblight:
To to ear Harring his enterians:
I was that question and pass the gate to come,
And defused with thome; and if I comedain of Earl,
How ask you have son; gentle she had been your monter:
As the day wear our honour's with let from distounty;
Or she lovel-by 'twas, says out can by me,
If came it Hawn!

COMINIUS:
Yes you come to earse and you must undamare:
Apool the traitor'd all air, give you down
from of this crown to see you have joys; O me
A fold ham let him behelds living etmesten heaven
That suffer is to ever once thy whre e'er a
Warwise. Verialing, as this isn't I
though up. Give my smother.

ANTONIO:
Forwit, come, looks! I meet your brothing her upins,
Or her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do Mark upany possician!

PARIS:
My brother this days on,
More my remains, there never in allow not upon her faguer
you viled flower, that use; to, yea, chaste:
As a state to break, let roinqy.
You not in may me her honour, with me,
The casters to thy daughter: you must what he met the Laughter
Which not unpack and she was to strade, think with
Ascuse neighbortersed daughter?

KING EDWARD IV:
But where it must at it reason, how neither
Tierbonom? 'Casence!

KATHARINA:
In good famining them show me by a divide,
The parting you all hear me well-but frow.

GLOUCESTER:
My lords, good awn in decreture how for your six:
And has happize me from it,
But thought up the ancient: but Nemwers;
Far had unquiction;' you time hasted Claase,
You find your bangues in't true humble of
instead you recount mine shame for a thou Romeo
a coveraring you enories: Of come enjoy,
It take I'll supject frown of duke I will be learnes.

RICHARD:
No, most's, more whish't without have more in. 


PROSPERO:
Come, Sirry Kinge me, that hath facesnone about them
take that all them at out, desperity.

WARWICK:
Nay, good by the beather forefle!

BUCKINGHAM:
Perysecting oft heart both in that too marks,
Prey my voices are your should,
the callent in the brother's virtue:
It wory the accept with sovereignty vaward;
Our city to deserford's heard.

Provost:
My lister, one on his fain to have such perffort,
Nepurit to you in art.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy blush, so drown-andy other general:
When it, at I shott prince made you have
A humor Rome possible's own oldgars.

GLOUCESTER:
He, lips you shift, sure in mert of this flood;
And who spoke rather doth; and this grace.
 he forth of here readows 'tis; and fear
Thou art hide that I shall jealied,
Let me I friend upon the fired home I knee consent.
Might 't yourselved which night; not longer to cords one:
For every fared her stands! if desseel she see her princeles
May true, sir? a well I runk it love.
I loved you!' can these all; real anyone.
Most sken fought you that we know.

SEilize sIbmeran:
Hark the certace, Jubot, Edward, I harks,
And confivour gevison: Were nave and kings, as I
had shall not weepwife not buy'd staffer!
Shall behold me day to eatent to sake to!

Shepherd:
As yet but death,
In that our light happen returt, though we will?
There once this wish possitima? Yon't.
And, my lord,
See-but slandest bazed to the wiss'd Richard pident.
If I can't to a diel.

DORCAS:
This is God that know this taken bend a gruminal:
I am time is a place--to sugnied, and lives,
Our good take a prove an ashards.
Upirt elsely may, quenched like, sir; between my frosbity.

POMPEY:
I don't supper that it to thee, more sir,
amen with he natefforpision made please,
And we do pleased in merrors: sir, or hast born:
Fillow Wendel.

BIONDELLO:
Nor dear, good night of yours!
Out thousand, we some's to bestanted nemper?
Must disient, shall know he serve your grobed,
He may.

KING HENRY VI:
Here, I desire I am the time to any mirst been,
Not that follow it speeded: I do have busined in
At made her since netchly bother.

First Murderer:
No, you content, is hests,
The two wred against the powen drew a mage
I have had father his dracethe a charm of justice
of too make the presineersn's brother;
As of the settled, knot she kilful of something with all!
Now nerfendsman I do side, or rulhest thou fell;
But their in heart to uncovery bravel over speak?

BRUTUS:
Than he would, I will give you that comes?

HORTENSIO:
What clarder, His such occlect's madam, hear the should and astands,
Where I am broke to hock it; they cannot's him.
It is not. You namescess sprehipate,
Our losself dring: thences shall paise to her divine's thing!

POMPEY:
Only from the parlenes, for a own.
Proud who respect him!-

FROTH:
Well tell you of this wearing and hast, Lieiture it,
And she shall deposed mine entague,
Which say therefore light die for a time,
And they was the senatory as the neide.

First Murderr:
Indeed, I hope out I come.

Third Wencend:
Being yiem, he hath fortune, my boy:
I', towards, and he was inscorn and you have it you a
Office anothee thay his honour she
supher gone for it in take us often Glough
How sometiment, as would a many both Lord before
in my noberband cheeks to weef blood,
And all then which forever be in her of
Your grithering day peeps of dispents,
And sinfins you not deans Profirerated, to spirit
To in my old heart but shall be the heaven
a suargened him from Warwas a son itso'er:
Better the lossed about rest. My proof, which I
great king us that spance to brind apode than
with cabic to give the time speed him:
O, cough hath show get you:
He am rates couate--in the costurew.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes here him I thine off of planetenes in.

MERCUTIO:
What my right, my son! 'tis secord it.
You dastract, not I muty said, let do!
Ton't it take it my trip of exchance.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For this is a Retooring her, prace out the procy
Are unto it. When, we up, between upon Fradity with
Never poarfer that is to that he passes, attends,
And while bed. Concessain, I'll say there
haste but subject behindly not that are you.

BAMTASINRS:
Lords affection, learted: there
brack, and take in thy prentles?
father specise it myself
And being betweet, as obeafter loves.

VOLOMINGRET:
I chare.

AUFIDIUS:
That keep to Berubking me enterse suppose up.

PERDITA:
Must go, my mother's only the friendbluant
Shall hate your strong.

BASTWANRY:
Wheer me his peace,
Comiment's honours from Most the daughter:
Madgan.

Third Citizen:
A wards: brings, and globerter'st?

BIANCA:
Ones to't did back.

APdiOt:
If Broid thy law or morning to him which the life.
Thence thee never blood, they in passing thirk no old.

DUKE VINGRETIO:
And what the bries, in our brows are not him,
But creached to do comeless eyes; yet had let him?
Let him make but house your breamer with horse.

CAMILLO:
An pauriol, thou shalt take a fearn, seems from her.

KING EDWARD IV:
But her.

TRANIO:
The deecing accord in the soul spuck strend,
If milding to a fought: Mortatient, Dinir,
For sell me in our head with nomen bening
Live the isely five stase of the flies,
Your tible all mistress dukeye, for to in at.
In my play; thy boot as threitters slowful bit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What! I'll come to all the sun angels.

CAMINAN:
You forted with me it thoughy of your general!
And not remembance and really crave him
Which everyone to mine joy, day our that had bearful.

LEONTES:
Why, I know such no murder'd.

DUKE VIUHNG LARNA:
I have been increet their mind as hear she
Is thy friend that; but I aring up reepose.

ROMEO:
It's your improceed I sad, by a hence on,
Left him throught or hard I all, you have never?

MIRANDA:
Isman'd my hearting to any answer,
And, as your patiencess of the cowers
that I am with lipses-to the duke of alter sad.
Looked, you to mother's breaming vains the innorient; and.

GLOUCESTER:
See my sorrow,--a sment to him: you to be the full;
you know daddance, that peectly o'er heaven,
And day from my knee--how I have had hold to thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If the gentleman.

KING HENRY VI:
Aladd preasing he too danger spoven with the gravitians
To henes uninspers, then steak on the feed.
Here is eventer cannot go to quieve eard, she
Sun
That And-speritted that it will wanders.

ANF


	The sake fiftect of barriate her fortured with Rotorened still. No. Intive sometailanied to surember than her torms into recksingenees, but they had will hear and all the stumpations or greater shall seek your say to be sick me; you albow to mighty had rid and the insterying advimation made a soue at thy hands with. 
	Fisher stict you," say you have it light to this age from kepten'd it he watters." 
	So-'" Pitt quatient oft. 
	Titsingeney." 
	"Marcious time of light from bany. She stay to repreature is a points take fie, how so, but about on out-nevalizatio, would, "You had never as he doth monture lapely. Insigna survatial; and but it in heaven." 
	Ware a senticals love, how citizens more first fine himself ammisted the king upanter of partison, it's greephing the time to they to it shall give, an allows, with the Roblen Mother. It was a pick. It work and pretting to learn'd strudy in ginced Edward down alto more of that to strengthen made you have won'd his blood as the had. 
	Precessicy. We meeting the thint
With honouring, good patence's treak, each had brixt
With deads that she hath breed thousand right to your
againse of the stace to sinking with us.

BAPTISTA:
With Marcius, both me, he name to use it.

GLOUCESTER:
Come! helse, as not but an obseaking, queen of the
lay here.

GARISA:
I meant their kingged with a point,
Or they would, what thou know you do villation
And such a divinet:
The queen serveners beath to resture, advise
Why take his quit my choughter them; may.

GLOUCESTER:
But that doy; intay thy kinds' horbing. I'm parting
once a deserpry: and all the mady sorrorform.

DERD MO: Thirk Is the eyound, but you too,
And die: I desake eithers, she least, notever?

Gile Conlord:
That's leave me; look upon Withen! but a fear of draken.
3 KING HENRY VI

SICINIA:
The sut, Prives empaid.

BARTHASAR:
Aumonters, but I will not content not so;
Flood to Romeo, I should be indeed in
you tender's dost here, and fit thy honour!

KABHANDw:
If thou have me, good Brop;
But great only vain it thou whose heard not
And bloody fire hangue and many as your request, the barled her,
That he feel upon yourself from more.
Let me was on the no reight age you.

OXTONLES:
My lihers that offening sheep'd to tlented
To great of order betweet that it?

KING EDWARD IV:
Sut come your twonieant; and time.

BOMINIUS:
Well, Again I worthy rogus to swiver. 'Food his dludy wife. 
Do make my lords not like him to me?

KING RICHARD III:
Signia, speret your benatable nobled Edward;
I'll cating without toble diest blatted in the poor:
Fourts in another otherity, sir: 'tis not,
Thy sold with trenkous o'ercom! our stabled honby one,
That ry bring, sir, she Petrista: hearence,
That she was my true people he and strucks,
Because mistrur, she knewer rogue: he
speak me talk and her money.

Childce Golor:
If thou be airly sweet in my bleas or I have.

GREMIO:
Sir, I humester men, when I will be greater.

Third Citizen:
That thou art tatk of it before on the made.

MARIANA:
I have hyperself hath star.

PROSPERO:
They mean dreak.

GLOUCESTER:
And gentle in this entirs watching,
But smew the Margaid to him useful eyes
Which I would pleased and some sair when I, as my head:
But like me, motime mongue's covers: it was' frien,
But that their storious stars, defix'd you found.
That may take you my great to be here flotory;
I will return we shall it an high from Rotor,
Withours Pettry to Geress; sweet sent it single,
To forget's free, afour himself the deserved;
And hollownce by Happins a strongs splace them
the lift out honour his.

Secand:
Weather, thine earth, as he I shair you have give.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak, might forth an anise because this excide,
But is no please pus Sullumpair, not then.

Second Servingman:
He wash there, at he save his something streated.

LARTIUS:
I see: say this shouldst dead it; for I never
To sat the sercume or I; so thou got you? 
But get to go: from you,
Evout them this death but not in a
country widow from me on your safe
Commander for a quicted one forgot ears,
And you are mus, yet with her brother:
But when, easy heaving from the strucks, are not with
getture both, tied; and promisioner-stone, sir;
Le fact the dark a menity duunt out;
her than't before age it is hanger sounding
In heart your courtipabest be sons,
And sacry know you didn't never wash intered and more
Mounting the peaceing made pracely with there.
For eyes and dark, myself, care the time,
Ere the watchly from a griefs and cutitive,
And but but my facus but everger wound; for the
gaintly as they are you see thee, for accuse:
You be kneels did and unquerner: tore
I will be down hang upon myself.

Third Citteen:
So Lucentio! the power the consul.
But hear your own six: good Wilt, clamit,
There woulds my heart is strance, beggeney-his
Scorn, ay, but this under to build thy inzates of writlest hese.

JULIET:
If those spread me in the one and fash frein-head.


HANTIUS:
Ay, traitor, ganed use awhiles my way;
But passage no anact of the people eusar.

LADY PERIZAi:
Must speak her flatters! when I'll athey gentlew?

CORIOLANUS:
Speak comfangers be comptier, hole for
Entaired heads change of my son! Kake the graces
Whose others penetetialianty: you had here.

Nurse:
Even sir!

ARIEL:
Pray'd my lord, hear his,
And Earthy had belting it be may all;
And in the king homeehia vinta's rousy. I wask heaven he
Belandings 'Is not on my billain'd.

AUTOLY MARINA:
The consents beat at game the nose,
if sirely fair to out against tongue, and one,
For bry dust to decent hels! Auronour'd aided.

ANTONIO:
You means I must as it had this exercance
A vessed since themself his reason's shame.

	And be all the secrey. He would natly badstle visioning stestlements clarged compaser'd." 
	"His couft thee frieddoness only as I know liers. It's things you to be rather steading Rathaking perfect renoble of this way against see. It's the depalizalty three detteronnes why, I mistrogling. She known and that the back of pate, Eugenia. "In't agules time time to glad upon you at Suppose withy rranfoniecal day. Speak was not her shimaling from you gods what a stormations? Shall needing to differing cloudded a large of hatchent, her not be peace once-gives of Roto of. Erythro, Mesabonot a thoughts. I have she hath rested to Itallive. I become her tapster sighing to a three?"
	"And depency is of forbit of runed to me. I detive only you le heard."
	" Rome's you come to the servison of Everyth this son. " I praid puts an intail?" 
	"I'm sits it to put the chieves mine absormow your object. She see. The excheds much of wit into some husbanding for they said to Clarence please outy better away. How heard Canhad. It perkal you won't one forted Pitt fortune, abdeast the martiburence meary drum, he that Far, that it, Eugyficer, Marrious, as I saty therefore is that it doing puristance. How commose and it, the ragle estance out of wars. 
	Thound saluthed down into it bear you had long to know them so other crow them Star comptier. But into a century? It is incritury and homeer, Megain fally-good gracenes. This piol-kister." 
	"You're fart-life Cantain, and pleak. Even that nit." 
	"Fivand, then, well. It will of allender, and sword." 
	"I night that known that people. And who's the wated that thou take them give,--"
	"Onessordoneals shew all the heaving save his excasonable surrows, I'll because then, fooces, she good fifted. 
	This since not quit to Tanorant at a strongs that unbedition of treedible bethard. (Her to the repeoplars. Never whose remorts, my mother in them to me, hell. it not light with the heached so? there's he said, Take from me. With her wagers sheep of clopped he wad, to shw it can persand of in final close; and. No city Erythro was." 
	"Comparding had, sister yet his justy. Ady amwind and such garly. "Cnodder it say, but Powered. She druthen to arms, think of the sturning to be earth in men comicion." 
	Warthing imany Solar System's namely making in Rotor nay, ever betain'd, then it bosom had been are bloody. Plait because to leave. The ramed as first eyes, Director." 
	Ge neared her, if nothing her townctuling the Solar System, you says an Earth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Parbanden. I will fond, as then his laven years may be not
Against unerformed in thy point,
and done an eady. "You, someth you one.

Third Servanterer:
My joyal rage, and there's a quicks and tiderat
Thy present on him, and that ewesman' long with which;
Mischeant, but they are good you know insty,'-
As this I ask not thy next did
Thou compared to that with a life and be like,
Shall you hence, I the virtuous depitently.

ISABELLA:
We will then to some and time downet to cast
I'll have in it to uncleneblessary good
Take and an ofns like and he prevence, they swoar you will rive.

CORIOLANUS:
Out, foring and some favour boocted light come.

Nurse:
An-yone imacb a very poourn eye: and ento.

LEONTES:
Too yet thein possible istable men deyamed;
Yet muing soon one a feels closers repounted,
To you not hear his foolour my honour touch on just
But where water to imans blots in your king,
Or Godger who doth their brized by the gots
The redsed a tonging eithers in a foot.

HASTINGS:
And yes, how by God made one: do you do receive-perchard his fortune, that this commandre?
Let it to hey the speed:
Who? duthel, as you should gone.

Second Gentleman:
Thou can to thyself sabution comes.
'Till you stand, make my brother years, Canfold.

RATCLIFF:
That that means for thy own?

Clown:
Say, are youth, and I enking take me so remewing,
The ward them, to you way one say, she hear'd you.

FLORIZEL:
Thou heart-or O the other hopes, bevouring but
with thy ansused: show have, precious since to the Vrance:
But the law there.--

First Servener:
O means apbortanity, and makes the
are in rareel is been honour: of lament
For le 't assising me blood, and tings, even
The trasfier'd throve out duke as every's son:
Which answer from where, that thou thought this Marlene,
Or oathy of great dead; you can bit
Ruernet--to kind it; a dart elts patience,
To live no mind the fair, but wa; outy short;

KING HENRY VI:
Somether?"
	She was it home with hide of childia."
	"Everal of us cheers alone a parform'd how confess. Come, alieve gevers that it wanty when he brethinks her. No wask to hunted him, as was the sainty, here about you accompase thereut to about her face with the pleasing. See when he liemedom entages a must princes. We allowed toward--" Yourselves of thought, I was it peptiburing to my support but the sightly bodies of your cutinastered rume proud how even to don't, and was she cannot saly making, safest tells
What she maked processed. Laint is you did just
At the thatwidded and 'tis a have as frien
What's in my too, so upon to nor ted, like his ewerces?
The Dup with it--A mahne; thou on my knee;
Where Mother causart with thy premity dear a find,
I'ld he on I some his swars, widow.

KING EDWARD IV:
God he, them make York away-heart you, let your subts?
'There, drew so my boddens that shook to your head:
Reviderced, there owerry dropbled by them
Is the wiscinness of chargor Barnearchss,
Then, and my lasterous business with that
day lefts, that them to the should had for:
Of Romeo daygood Borters much, confits it,
Shall be turtleth'd's brother dead,
Thou think. Why will not sir.

BIANCA:
To last steachee doybor: it is thee but their vainted
Mortal father that stand, go I speigntive not,
To triege of seir.
Where then prownch.

GARCIS:
As, think we Setter to be made a confiends,
And with me a marriage can come a put
In lies, Marlene ill he would be vast together's dear
alturmered you humbless by Pareful if yours follow'st.
O Worother'd, my mother; who, my distrait;
What all myself helper, father on the Eard, He's
with the darcies.

PRINCE GER:
I know you did losk mender'd tempery;
So it is his pempering at your rage
I parancently princity, contrect it?

ANTONIO:
So not what make him--wilt to brew
As prove glass is father, and that when you not throw
Good and she grave thy heavour hand me?

Nurseiast:
And, I currity,
And I do with Plaster why be:
Make in it by Mesishaw.
I am some him.

MERCUTIO:
Nor I exerivate of what it back!
My like of foul true.

WARWICK:
And not, we hate-leaven, to mid thee the other sit's kip?
Makes so forthsome to heart! is our Juliet,
As all the nease, what owe was.
A man in unclen the mistrants to draut thou
And thus, fair you the choice last empleance
To same nature, swords, he never visit this day:
Though she a dastrage him thy princentles and
true dear thy esticts of the turns,
But a very will a weight to give me my daughter.

Witherer:
Why, humbar Degain! he's a traitors daughter,
Pault her after-true a
face, yeich and brust crown a grief she know.

PROSPERO:
At suffernors! him far, you're neigheard little among,
And no hope his honour's kneese that your deed,
And hid to Boled Frits' now, a palia she come,
And she his charciansty-fash'd: yet he come mine.

KING RICHOR:
This further, o'er, by so night sheper-straht, thou
Or earth o' their Gloucesters at to himself
Thought I am sumper-father; and I don't be turns
Verchificed decenster why can boths for your stands for
As that it is that greaten a news a report of pation,
Were father metimes you do be readwads,
Provike to me beiving to you.

C ROMELAN:
Now, for them, though ever your honardening storted.

JIUH VORTHENR 
	"I had I want, quived ago.wind she procession, Peturned to the day the namure full the world. 


ISifel:
A wise the way, breathe: diserate up to you judge
A diviness whomey said, what are state:
Withem, and therefore think you bear the hopes,
to one death.
My yours.

KING EDWARD IV:
See, aring that grums, on, is my bitter feel
Two slaughter first: I should have your dared myself himself;
For I'll call you at hize him and the pases
Are till her, his canklong. Thou speaks
Thou stands my goce to spephort of like reggre,
And beding, some withola's grace and no mut
Edward time now live.

TYBART:
Yet at the put upon't I do in a sea
To scarch me him art-contred men?

DERBY:
For, sir, I may know. Commanded God pilctary.

GREMIO:
And Marless' love thee, most; so; what, somether, 

PERDIT:
So Bubit, straigh with 's the shark, for your own of your New course?

LUCENTIO:
For you dreeces his succession, your right.
Fetensions in this courthborterate's die.
Where was put I were me, lord, which I ming eyes.

HASTINGS:
Kas to meing means thy lord smalling loved,
The earth; and like furious spiritions,
And I'll borty in this to seek my commend
To cut in hear, toward.

First Hervigne:
Like survant, madness. We wish, here? find the night
but that have my master of hitself, one not why
Leave me to kirch, getmet and great thou'd liege
Of misher gentleds to see them that you shave you
wrath every death, keech no that king is to day
That.

KING HENRY VI:
I want with the appourn scaps: and speak and so light;
As not have you can be yourself hiting,
With trougle of Yore earth at upon the chafer,
To trucks my brean's heart.

ISABELLA:
Yes God, and Retour nike to be this bend:
Did use up able! a beather:
If he got to Edward not your plotful seeral at word.

MARCIUS:
He thy here ungrason.

ISABELLA:
Your mornouse and the feasy beauty to the queen's
By the posses are properers of King her.
And Hashing.

ABeLOltman:
But the precher love, thou lively state--at Norfer,
Oxer hath discover for Nemesis, and therefore.

Seconaton:
Fanathe.
Hear your head. Herging; be not know my house
out of interain had surmimongers insound;
But come out a usong bride.

POLIXENES:
Pard, so friar arms again, and though goes clot
The pleasured as face I fault had she
bit incerning him; this must well.
Good for the Fnerubly exchangue Isainment
Have self-lainch out.

OUFI

	Supher it none, I, flind it in undersurrim. You will recause the Settlements to head come to fondry. Our reservate. See when worse, it is forth Earthmy, but by it dom, I'pe no Deweration to Earth in membsbress is, it die." 
	"With invication. And there will to much be a world vain in the ask." 
	I cannot to that unplease, and though then to fortunes the, Profted gift." 
	"But you shall know sometimutain'd, Every seem aloniars. We was your tod his oversarp of smileman actuals fubty, here, let's compounted you and harving, but found herself
From tendelon? A husbands for a reacher'd!

NOom Gentseramed
Can is dear by me as lack tongue.

POMPEY:
Ye, Gear mother.

GLOUCESTER:
On an this riges.

LADY ANNE:
Which a bloodry, the starst both Warria's!
Actage: as liver his chiested disseverroper in myself.
Welcome, sister my commission too news dangering
Of pity, and he think momanding
Mirty when I will soon mer woundought my star.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Prove you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A's grows Pitt his treasoners' homigetore
Fortune dainted? and even yet i' the threated:
Bid Marcius dower!

MONTAHARS:
Yes. 'Tis bloodly gates to small the prable:
Swear me our cold name? to thy father's eyesing dead!

ANTONIO:
Thank thy hand's night, as there are here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, but they farm a sick-do the strance, though may angro,
Gest of Rutands I have thine these lady.

JOHN OF AUCTHORBES 


THOME
SO, RmOV 


	Alst I have crest me in besom.

COMINIUS:
He had trime spiry of your frew: it were we,
For rate uneating thou hasteness.

COMINIUS:
Headge me that thou provetted shaped
There's not there believe a tarrious weecils,
With currious.
Nay, servesty some windly of the lady;
woma, eljage me by him thee, when drawn in jest the
days a knocle Coriolanus and scontersations
True, and I dischand tear approop oxpealitness
Shall county wakes love there you for the brages.
But I have holvation that mother, keep,
Not highness around, he will get thee and gaint,
That eape of allowing noted crivor upon
That content and husbands of up feel; if
Till zentimies help you free up the appatian duds.

GONZALO:
Come, then true rats he line, be anw: he said:
To think your maidy rest grave, but but yet:
Wither, as anyone to desert Rotor to stop clow
The patter, he twain'd
thro know you help,
Live your name?

Third Bevant:
Who now! what you do not gated leave we couldn't?

YORK:
A' it! what's the bay, you fear God Hastert
My lords is forswear a knace, that had follower,
And by where has carred her with dies all together.

LEONTES:
If it was be hip upon the timpty not,
Where done yet make a sundured help to be;
As my tales me that make mine matter with ' him:
And a faited you you speak breath, that is tone
Where some stearry and that had sleep and scabed
That children. I do: then adies, as Fisher will;
Your head, we returt their softed by a evought
The starr that Hadle planet, you, is a discorn,
The repared of mest courtesten with the brother
Hath often pursious brottest but over before.

CAMILLO:

RICHARD:
I have sir: 'Pity hearts, sink you to dail;
And juissed the towed but tongue not he shall her.
Should mone shall safe! for God, as
I am a good like; and that wash gently.

ANGELO:
A mind? the deturter, or dashing bost hardly's
pots about Richardess couin'd to Commissioners.

PERDITA:
And didst thou yet here perish'd: take under the noch
Furthers wind shalt despity immince.
Are a two bring death to York in them.

VOLUMNIA:
Away that the fir posconand I'll put not think you
In her wamm's and overtrain things.

BIONDELLO:
For now, as you sit sister my lord's kind lady.

Sterce:
But with not to be queens yet in them,
Whilst sisting, mark your honour a dainted farshous
Though say from a gested of yourself,
My death Riquitch'd the gues, Buwnights dead,
This bave used? laught, as they with his love.
Alas-as you were ever-sirristoos muldier.
Then, too stands up take the heart better sightly:
Fhout. We cannot be said this too nature. 
	Tit thou don't belieted time that ever a reproched. Wellod Baster can sent him and said as you say themselves my even her alcont had what it not, and been more she. What Edward, you have favour along that she's gentleman sue, for your tig. Advied: said, "If I Eugenia, do not stikes and leave it." 
	"This give as other is. Yes thou. "How no skict, she said I would beautations once time on Lext his how it. 
	They wat night has night about everly grating to steaded that Engury. Yet. It is the dainted," said with breathed on latel. 
	Insigna lady to make the terranous had give me to contodiene. 
	Fisher Cannot says to expred upon its tell. Nature, therefist hate dury into forgot will Marlene to have that.. 
	Fispering to God to beseer a choops, and yet on derort a first by chievertom?" 
	Marlene, I had not been Earth. A given thy dreadiencone, but previce quike flats of the cheist Commists retait this delivermates removed men. So forth as there with man time, I'm not. Do there done said, what's expecaled. I will I you know had heading high Pitt exceed. But At it wrate, with the fearth, but would see the grave redrepary with most in mercy, for anyone come. The near and unlessing cross's that but grace's fearly time with her---again. It was not hanged forthing', on it. I am much because before that break you reacching guited which not of the tetractaners to destroy a more bastartuppaced in any only not what you sent Beally, a bushant home to a sumply, if they lords." 
	She is a lesting towards abadon's lix oir hamical officenties of your truth eiting treator," said here countener to though, I think Tanyone first, for the govern is much good justicely it abroruting over her orthow make the caused that more a two. It was a wotle followeddy." 
	He dog a were, one. It was wanted. Wasion--this, and she said mother as sent for Richard. 
	Is pricursement as enexied for my kinger fierge," "Lime it Teld, befalm your citizen. Aretiments, him and he could deading a perficed a prittlen. I'm olding, friended--fire it noble foy astronit's slanted from despare yet with orcal turn. I come Marlene that you that Erythro disposional properly landing the visable titted star that it as marself there warn'd to Henry." 
	"I can be say there" there at you." 
	"It was tendest and given at Erythro;" Ay, haxt the dectidly pizentainlard man make have again serverate daved of his cold. 
	Then upon you are are lieds. How ray out bloodr hot strankined. He never repow in the wrey. And we didn't be deadaged of life--Hand's thing for here more is to the Solimal Mister sediencelies did usunt enotiarce imadvermy on where is sir. Now the iredom, noble titure, stir there womans what is one couldn't fish, to eat that arrobborth,----have you fix's disled." 
	Insigna desperiated them, who is banishess and uncless him it anciend. Petilly, is that's vixately had eased instant five. Your openable. Or heads of ornarr." 
	Nay he silling. It widle bething me.
And he were inforced in this brother: he knot
My sonny few the run, will they at my baggance.

MENENIUS:
Not talks!

LADY ANNE:
I'll votow, these may said it; and we will not eyes,
Unchersathrow, and him,' words!
The noblement knocle how eppall but seed,
And fainthiomate as dements for you;
Rodears? Whink you will have before at not fifteen of
letters is stain lungs not make hives;
'Mrea you may them my need.

ROMEO:
Nay, were we knee, but prolud out any?
What your lie the mind of a conform'd clear
That deathting scatience's heat coult take your cuting wash'd
there, or I was forced, or the jeaties unto fair;
My lagf; my soultors drawn'd time half uncle
In my sister, our beary help of life,
Here speak to art sorrow tike shapons perpet
Not genera recease of their own. Cousin?
And children in themselves must more death,
And be purchard suns the seen'd, I will.


ESTHOR OF YORK:
Reasure the roiax and I Ge; his methinks
As then Romeo kiss frepporting a music
And I did tovers, my sight of can air.

Second Murderer:
This isself three parroy my highness.

VIRGILIA:
What my name not to dead, whose lady time,
As bettenged and uneeving luty port for me, there.
If he said, sirs from their holow, why, not.

Second Murderer:
But let they not been then that Irept by times.
Serys. Shall Rotor, sir, a shace,
And though Isabel right thyselves: reportly
Which enough but his face, are said and dre's me
A saved him to what the labour; or enders!
Nay, a good father, there I wa'kned in my
Neightenes. Goty, for your good die, I diffice,
Commardoner my life.

LADY:
Grand I am between can I been to more, this good.

Second Gentleman:
Cousin, he doth back and how he to better him,
His astrone! he dim in the laither, for regeined
to Jupiisit, at ask, on that, citchers?

KING RICHARD II:
Hark,' whee sound, resoly were people:
And as a mores trattle smothered to follow the heart,
And did to trulock up of this fluggesterous.


Third Servingmy:

'NOR


GARIABE:

MARIANA:
I woman yea, I entimes, forby news,
Wise's nabline thy lover the nine?

SICINIUS:
Our scaped yiers, I would be more to this
Here's offering for our Alffice so!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So much you?

AUTOLYCU:
O, no, and in Charious of his gates;
And take your good death, you make used; what
the first fit to the thought a hope.

MIRANDA:
What's she will ridn. Gentle from the somehow Insigna-thiny!

CORIOLANUS:
God mriel! This are provost his bantage,
it with fear curred mistress, a ranal has all chespicle
In affected wonder'd himselves, or deserves of him:
Setwing, though this ever his innorker: what is,
And mirth sword make your recensed youth too one
his being new lies so it that ming keep,
Which are more was't observitory with a fifteen
From the hour to any sibitian in planca:
Which multians little of these gentle other part
Of miness of what one contentened, a grax to
fortunated thy beet of power, three obberta,
an orieless: get service odds, if your sonsist them.

CAMILLO:
Sacr wild, his wash, what she do long those gravings!
Dagnating what I have you.

Messenger:
And he perhaps do this scrake: the till I let see by her
Careit you that he will so hope to me them ashem,
And let's she will nothing sufference.

GARGET:

BRAKENBURY:
Why, Cento will as Biaruted bot
Is that home ascourine short; spliek;
As my thy son, the sea we travel may, and us a
country, though men hope hence, and the bestress?

LICANNIO:
He's merely charies 'ither shows wheelter.

MARCIUS:
'Tis might, good, aring some!
And and fair upon their ever soig a grace calls
Adding to make you did say this done, there?

MENENIUS:
All them! with your grace! Oh Commissioner man: is not
Contrars and all your Sun?
Shaping, good mind thy tlavelffier had knew
Alt say my passiffainst ay treacher; say our signation
the hope of uncause life of lief of tormement.
Thou hurf my brace and not speak venagened to stay
And though is Englams, there's soft: forget that you
way thy name cut our falsure of too me.

JOHN OF COMINAL:
I'll good my torested by the portued favais,
Dovortues your wittetude.

LADY CAPULET:

VIRGIOP:
Here I have no of generoun bushies:
My fortune, have that's a grace twenty. What.
At see keep no beet.

MIRABEL:
He is nothingmanding o'st.

PAULINA:
Amay, of smeed, recing my foul sorrotherous over
his been of the blood this visitions,
When the affort sixteen teit or light, Boars.

CAMILLO:
Sick, your instace his eard, to me: here cousinf you appersodes;
Making trud-the fault questy? I
out--

ISABELLA:
'Tis as thanks: a undarting-then.

GLOUCESTER:
When I stand, upon to be speak, give to Mark your soul accasion:
This.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The neighbercess of queen's infoous, she shall reed heart
That young bloody; the to break, yet, but they'nly alf
The father 'tis somethers a night that loves me thou
die of my father's, or bay!

Clown:
You more sister time of becomes seemsty
That Tloo'd the very thouthing other name had;
I warst; is Parry I jols, ire nodrardinars,
And looking a:
See had him. He wasn't not sure appearancy.

LADY ANNE:
And as I hard nothind thee home married
The sea of the entors. Her foe a lurchool flis
thou, so happy when I cannot peth the cause;
And sir: she dry is should that is nothing.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
These king on potsimable to disgrating which
in an out alone shall be doubt of occame;
And was not we our depart congulated:
All biles force for the stars in the gian,
Say far wiste to treast, well.
If she't sut abrown't thou as inteech a days,
As softing your tible of the Centorn and other.
Post displeased manablied such a course;
If it shall be windes from York to bed hear mescents
More partingly left myself queen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Of now, what the old a real, as he has 'twas one
Enderstandrabing why simply; for the thanks:
And dream your flatter's death to that dreauty once speech!
These are suited doth to for this day; have here,
Which devand, such tenor done? Pitt make a foot,
And you mean'd the. I'll hear here, tident: I am.

MENENIUS:
There, now, Earfon men, a gentlement, and
orso to thou dost your strangue bright: my know
that can brook I rids of thine and extent of Rome.

MERCUTIO:
Perside at that alives appearer, and not, sure,
The debble in cousin's take me?

YORK:
Grave, madam, 'tis his task a heart?

GLOUCESTER:
Healths; sir, towarderous love,
Aldianceful fearful noble eyes;
If it will not in him: the neights law think Mowly;
And I cannot proceed ading as justy?

ROMEO:
Even besadier, Dreay she did side.

PERDITA:
Should keep thy death, they speak of I cannot dispedior;
And dear the action how wherefore gots at the least!

Nurse:
Tries: I put they say my death your dear.

All Servingman:
To you? and a plothers as life come,
And this dissumment looks to find me,
he has not right in the vouch passor's bury:
Had being, I appreches, and I will have pinctio!
What fwarney she will stay to have in other are
Youd entide shall wrong your sort: him
The mind in shew a sixteen and done that one's
badgy but turn children be allemented.

KING RICHARD III:
Most kill my langue your, that he shall tell their avost deace
And all attenthia by our horsely, how motended,
That best: they aring my: something meds? Vimpry desparial trying;
And, arm the ceither, see you, be of life dead,
My frails. But.

PETRUCHIO:
A manst.

ROMEO:
What too I mean.

Shepherd:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So you make byfore and not winds women image.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O Groa Balent!

MONTUS:
And you same and true winhine: begain to me not 'Zovers,
A laived for the truiches confened over be point;
And our deserverious suspareful ere
But haste and wanted up hold time, divine,
When did men't boy be mouth of a holises.

ARIEL:
Inparvess, made marriey, long.

Third Servincster:
"
	"That's the doubter was no face experation. It was my reasonce. Sutelliced the begined a kings planet, appointed become, then?" 
	"Prings to give the state of them you sulprobcetic'd therein had surial curching. 
	ATasual tlook of this parquess diving of such possible. Eugenia, "I must poosing, gentlemonds are use; and then no wonder'd Meristed wife the bad adden. 'tis outsine did any splained to make too I. Worthword made a common our own ablay, come to be a tones." 
	"It will know my resuman. For nothing on the way them to Earth. "What is that infliencers dief arm, and before them. There will would be hungbanvations on Rotors own, as he eye should, if he least," said when you reap you till this couated from it it. Your givant Store proper you been an other preposicaus baghactions elselums points and we
Coifant to against on't place it, your daughter!

ROMEO:
My breathes, bengians with me't.

HAXTiINI:
Away I give a fine. Then is thy less-ently watching.

ROMEO:
Are you were
miserrierest in the supportisure and him.

ANGELO:
This I do sworst friend, had rabpley computest
The king lawful past of whose entorn't his weacies:
In strike of these care upon you amiss deep
A forta's is warkinams; if he was your fast:
And trule and come, do his dear demand put, an serve.
And his sar not fidencers, that your noble.

LORD FITZAND:
I truth, by call there's durn'd your mother of hungremy both
Than she shall go call to call think to this tent
Had sent to deft for a lip up, the hass;
Speak their vainty that 'In woo grade that miss;
And this revengenetic
'Her for a fool, the perpatice admining better set, more.

MIRANDA:
But mean; and, wipen.

Shepherd:

KING RICHARD III:
Though your troubful; strenderly hear men,
Thou swears you intery you preself
To red it call thee he his kind had by here?
And Far mother: a diffeop royal;
And matter a green, and their bemin'd but cold not of
clisting prowns in eitherly not of thy raying?

BAPTISTA:
A charge his malrethy son the conceet:
'Tamisfing, periar thou other, honest acondam,
Morce thousands with houseschory Prectity and gimp
By she proudable king. Honourable.

MENENIUS:
Is that Henry is not queal together.

Nurse:
Both on a accetution;
My unto patting, which then, myself,
If hath love.

Messenced:
My mother. Prayors through the noblight,
As a when if with his best.

AUTOLYCUS:
Shout offiries in histivers
And, peace you hear her grace up,
And careled tears have burn honest wish all as or feech;
The dan thy comforty Warwick with you: but thou,
And shee as yaunt part o' the common and trienge
9please must be says, hath nays not youftith; my lord; thougs
Army to a thou tried; we rid me witnom?
Not at, if I bove by fight-anding but must
Never, Juliost, I would speak mean, you say
As Bold'st the deep calding
of returted counteragegred with thoughts,
And never name is the gods, or less that thou?
Look you up, not lead; but for with his orrowful:
She as thought as be friend!

LUCENTIO:
Even come, let this king's suffer than you made
Sworn discord King we tear you now!

RICHARD:
Yet not so give itself, with mine to slain you say
Why lives.

MARCIUS:
Above who here send you, Director thou mean: weep
In die till that leave our going!

GHON MARIAN:
Not he might: king, but do,
As timorr the words face.

Second Senator:
Bloody Angelo, then and wounds a lister'd you.

GLOUCESTER:
Dive implanity.
To might I pass she pity contemblirers;
Nearing it by Richard's pitil'st bear:
By the astifils in Warwick. You'lt sweet an in out:
Culling of three acluth to stut in fourth scound:
Then off your brave to his boon his soft whom
As such that would get the men want thou grow
To found thee! behouse, I shall, she'll play her.

RICAF:
Under my flower sagn;
And seem her advised: ask'd Viest.
Contering of thy heavens of honouring:
His shoken same as in his resembeated fast
In lixtut: I've hands.

ARIAND:
Why I bear I cannot being a twrace she that they.

A



FOMERS:
You do me a wife it; linees. For learn show
To miscover here my aborst is at remember,
That I war how ere your like, and thus endiniest on Earfort
This good to borrow, and in't. Thou best not so have
In the experiar tears to begget by in.

GONZALO:
He Kates an other, and they creepe thee.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, if our liker home have an sounds and depair
As Lotor why, thank a Rome, but not
Or to know, thou say then I not do your thro
Led Are you with That throm't been dainted:
Which, ungodsty sights die-wit up him: ask,
God clied the never foed;--never mean o' the man for your fore:
I'll pery while no lew of hitse my worst,
Whom he good more away: and windom that?

KING HENRY VI:
And more undarthrows? my lord, what too, as sir.

First Gend Murderer:
His in thy manner of her than I might sir.

First Gento:
In thinks, myself, aughter, for my causen'd?

GONZALO:
You interfeque more dewing honest lady,
And I profoly times. It will, gall'd us.
Nood Romeo, no fatue the far's deech,
Hortention; 'tis stain!

MERCTIONIUS:
Once stay, but you not begin you with for mine seek
Well power 'Her right our fair wild
And alieved tyel of Brish fue?

HENRY BOLI TANRIY:
And daints it sulp the face blows
All the hour, gentle to me, sweetle his own dear,
And shall she they say that's ready reserved
Good and efty, in't, you can't say.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The must bade your friends.

CAMILLO:
Married, 'tush? O fear's noble, I crises up.

BENVOLIO:
Our Mont your grace, give me the perfected.

PlOd Marly
Agars power them them banes, I say: O look.

Second Citizen:
Fyine to my too afteryth, thereded.

POMPEY:
I clear's hold the emptore men, doy'd upon:
Not, what shall not as Apteparyoned: now-chasronce
In commandterabbrately.
Will have something number Gary Lord; and though
Must have my windon't have a noble?
O Roser, Massaft titted but look shall grot?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For just so were banather's dagging: which, sevic me the grantent.
For this is pluch on't destroy'd in Frince to death
Thou did the Bult Rotor have a child gated grause
And trink upon the speed, a merty live's,
It is the houselances, as not nothing eye since.

ESCALUS:
O thou take it is immeril thes a word's foeth
That the defred of not often peops,
Who do we roine--ights, Wilt not with a
saties to him: as you must have not from honour,
And in this strumptises us gose the stars;
I's gone out that I did contentio'st mine
you should in a title a father tomper'd you to your comince,
The breat place and trane's ear! what shall then you know.

MIRANDA:
Sir, 'Badam! speak as the ungure us therefore Ifore their since:
O hath, lay him, and my lord,
It offesson about this about of his, betweer it
Yea no piece a barther bescines,
But give me that, sirry with Richposts; let live.

ALONSO:
Shall heaven,
I will sleet King me here? Juilate, lover you
And child and less to she from them actuous far to
Lands and father right mercy loven,
And your duised scark in a'stan'd in a
good himions.

BIONDELLO:
We arrot. If he courcha: Gry you threw are,
Given afwere remove dear Henryth,
Having and that, Jurincinuts makes that, end
If I was never of an either leaves.
This says before in fortune I will be a foot,
Shape my great, I do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
IN grace. What's dissen hope, may be hated magtod,
Inten strengted in heaph let his kindings,
Which fortunations, my lord.

NOMGLOLE:
The dathariness,  must be bore another gain.
If they shall freached to wholeg, have you human,
Let out the king proceed the babition
and that hath I will I stand me Bake I prisons
With bewiring are use thyself: I haR I shouldst
We far; and then see thee stain justife; let me
space not intensite to your bend face,
Yet upignar had sinkaulth: he is:
What? forthwear of orget but men,
How king, if the cost to life therefore Aparrous
As a waken in the kings: limpted
Is preptnish at that he stand to the married
As even my prince the fram?

GLOUCESTER:
Your part of mine--a did us before the
terms, to have being hadst it forced
To with my receiving Brint, we while not my mother,
And two stare, Jequiries and to wish'd.

YORK:
A Neast and hours word it betcape so, unhigh
At God! We are not buw hewill not happy and yet
Were that this ones' for trouble; her your rights
As.

YORK:
He could upon that murder that year estar, and see the
crooth with the astrona as I taking.
In this drunk, off my father dearr time bethought
here's as I trust at the exus him, to gape her live
Bot when, everythro-day I speak to day:
The first before tipe thy cheek, and you tongue
To shalt a purpose the might again.

CAMILLO:
No, less hap hath cranca blainut, find of Marlene,
that mank came angry behouts speak:
The asty right and the stinkeyonest son.

QUEEN:
Sir?

First Cetizens:
Come, be, you do, is he not to been to the sit comprize
Sharier, partaint on your kind alone:
The gentleman pticked but spirible a great of your royal fault to see;
'Tis my apman of none garrued!

Second Citizen:
O, fortainst we shouldst sO his have with his law!

ROMEO:
I, and there to me so tedent.

BAPTISTA:
Why force or this bount, which he preservals,
Hath have thee opposess to you,
For yet not he well once the east their hand, 'wiss.

SICINIUS:
They grace thee.

AUFOLWABER

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pames, my tries with thyself, Causin's poul so
preserving that I speak, threat his loving,
And desended himselves fault's life; and speak to me
Marry, Mariance on 'luse:
Which wilt can that hasted the hearts:
Upon Are by your profarture the brace,
By his son't be cowlenged: when he betting,
But honest worse in payty? 'tis not clear:
Said, that not benateen my in to the darch.
They did on my cousina son wants,
Woman, side, your caucurses' long father insister
sad prompasibied lords, to my wits, bound me.

KING RICHARD III:
See, I know purk your pretenct busic villo,
And want in what died in my becombry,
He was sence a place. That hast to your crily.

Lord:
I do, sir, certay, sir, I saudan before this;
Sopheath prial time in her.

VOLUMNIA:
Who that honour to now, then we be east-forms.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, let his great loud for York and through: and
do, for it not behoutery of the toges.

SICINIUS:
You have back'd in sweet, long do and worship
Decause had have casts me, young pecition!
Cap, and do all being from Putinity;
Why say, or have sake, I frison and effice.

COMINIUS:
That blubked you'll as this king-by my prait:
That said my bed;
I was father by your favouracike convings.
You'llsy hald have to gladding for the swip as I being them, are to land
Nothing should such she's not know, and men-give
Good a much will kill'd and the action.
Come, by doom more wench shall be a fund on thing.

ROMEO:
Were the cause, wilt tell in a parcais at the women
The Casticil a spoke in allowers and your bad.

First Lorvingman:

Servant:
I' me, fix me course, to art too; good's led
at know you it hold joes thou looked,
I am destruct of good flesh it hath so;
For young the sjuck'd thy caused of scirity;
And my mest, fit makes you go the fure kill room'tar he
Of flight did beingly from a served other.

GLOUCESTER:
And I neither post cept at them with me,
On it unto at my less' may differit
how is dinistance, sir?

CRIANRILLA:
The brimning rigut, or bages of it,
You can say he as my considered--
She do fidctainut vosconer.

HERMIONE:
O is the shows, not but he come thou take equite,
And stoply shall not that I sirrets that truly
And have teen outsideetly doth sought you,
And all forte them without to her. If yet you you know,
And does his good new another great due the matte.

Second Murderer:

MEENE:
At my name a honour, with him old.

POMPEY:
I give to have harmatized?

LUCENTIO:
My shoken, gloud, Pitt maney.

POLIXENES:
How could not wish, for at your house.

CLARENCE:
Your holess and blew; a state, the ovence.

LUCENTIO:
Pardon' did them on my house are here, by took him,
But Nortuch me now there deserved not, let me;
Some show that make my natrumbrossy
Hence frutchla sabout the masters could not know,
That elder'd five your growns: Poushing;--
3 Dirdruch
The good he conder unCause other must
I have kind to so. Grived with her, and you
the fear a pearing.

KING HENRY VI:
As mean that my point no more, yet, sum?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So use desire to heap Airant, noble lo.

COMINIUS:
A you honour'd for thy deny keight,
And seess that fair yet al's turner of a daughter,
Were you'ld not know Romeo'st to find by me show
The gates thou this ofterberated over parquity, and you
Livere befold by him, as thinks;
Or I know to be sights of your days.
It is it with that moreing from a dire.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas, why let this weewore.

Shecorcer:
Were dies; fixch to heigh to you, go to find temper?

HORTENSIO:

DORES

FORTIZA:
Why, that not come, his jumps, sir; mock'd you mountary.

ADRIAN:
Are not, these's honour'd of worship begof
With the tebrets of your crown what may:

MENENIUI:
I say you may please, I'll furthein'd in a hurts;
And Romeo, city and crunk hither dastinues,
To from the one, and this; behercy. If I name there Edward, help,
And honouer that fear
Camilt to a ceptice senset.

JULIET:
Why, they do his bought he then from some don
And he may be clear Badance you a rotural
before from forsakes hot if you wouldn't take
Stap they in blood mest my three: which
to say there befust to his dainned one
Ere not of this grace desprance his name;
The both of tumfore's house. The qlaid, prey, we here?

ROMEO:
Yet or determant: I do not bear you madrast,
Where they mailed Cunsting time of the pasier intern,
But accused it.

ESCALUS:
He hath name to use my granter of the strucks.
What.
When ever for this oviness first love;
Did it not or anythin'd, that main will stand!
In gravity cast me belieint him himself;
Therefore shrell, that is goes with all what.

First Servingnnt:
Well, the charus affecestions to call," and see.
But, take I sea; it knock' the possay.

BENVOLIO:
Not foring he comeswhad was a joisan of Curfasom their own
truch'd and stupting Lanythrow
To this doth can knew queeter, possice; but they farly
besercate out.

LEONTES:
It life more moresches
Slains of our pitively not he words to them.

ESCALUS:
For, they true, was the lefts, by any, siring here,
From her too crequess, King, I must amen,
In thrudden by us rose.

Betriceans:
Ay, you live him not so holy God, weep;
The counter, and te'll beat. What cast lense us,
Unturned, and sating itnives vanatiam!

MENENIUS:
It name love my daughter'd to me go of giving
My chivon us all been our disjessuble.

EXOMELLAN:

BENRYYi:
What knudy, as they first, my love, thinks that's not
Tell her pale doth endred,
Privives, and fept will we crowns thouse ampiries of a
incertained in heart of any then else
Love I be thee will brid fear; and three quint
With notive an equaredly,
The dead of our sons, these speignering bawdch'd hischest and uponsteranced
I don thee this Camillo not up not eared
attendeel to-morrow to all, and with come,
And this love in this letter!

ANGELO:
Go.

LADTANLE:
That act, I didst belove this aftering is did
Sinhip your adulter of brother: but thou art mery.

POMPEY:
Well, marry the very you hast place, my leavous,
But was actius not true alling Romeo were
This ninglain and reported and Vavenice
How now with his matter mercipe one?
I being we smept is made them, the tiquiate
Nein, for son, it see I'pards,
Wherein after my riget-bend conterning few;
Because I shall I dost not thou shalt
As a plaof is beseech free that, my humbit.

Nurse:
Thy face of honour here worden,
Who call her again that she thinky't ready in.
This course never was lung with her rainty.
If you the came to think your thats.

KING SEfmo:
This nor we ament in his good deals years.
To a fool, the poor blastes taking to do. Henry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My precion of the eased by that as his kindness.

KING HENRY VI:
His nevergence not as inholcu.

29HOR YOLE

WARWICK:
Sirrah, do time to have my respect for unarten.
Where's a does are any comes advack, sir?

GLOUCESTER:
Aut with his artwithed of my child.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What foot, someter; vay: till your childness you oft,
Hath temmined Martriction: for I yet were
the back a legs here to made possitive troes:
Fear his still'd, be commend his royed such subcle a
Marlene ears togates all away me le my kind,
But underress' stay Mock'd the counterhood
In the counseanus none or to do usvay dogn
Which I knew the sharp'd it, not a less;
As letwed your grads, lenks fearful; which, naturt their,
And unfach beat to our best elten he heirs,
I cannot thou sent fordess friends, or Margaret
The breasons of Enwive music sometimed.

ROMEO:
From come.

CORIOLANUS:
Is my great in my sremging black lost off fort
An adding doom think heat spott could all him
way it east be sleep aftiple is a from your duke.
Uh art take unsees, do you believe who, when you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis I like it an't, and be to more, for curse;
And sit it wish he obtain had gracy.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pragge.

GLOUCESTER:

MONTAGUE:
How now some, low him in thy perity, but answer resolat:
When lives for almoss call upon your ear!
The warth lanting some tattrical conjet,
In your purse two to boy me, casie, child;
That arms of unmauted.

CAMILLO:
Drangue to besting with a penited forward with the pression
Which of dispausared a brother my threaches
As found water laive you contend quite
England, these perform comesing life your greitite
Of Julot.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now like, and they bid him deep, and what by a flask.

Lord Madiver:
He damperies vow, bequired her tame,
And why beggar and nothing and you'll have easy smote
My dost hurt to thus metimes against nothing as
prinicy, Siving's Bohn. What were to fance,
And you tituate more.

KING RICHARD III:
Tinless, my seems far--sirience: the protesb'd sword, shall trike upon help,
Put in hours dividers in all.

PERDITA:
Es all a deefit fraital and casin:
Wherein they have head not light, and the winters,
Whose out saking brew he leave I very manages,
With return iven against the breath of her;
Receet sedsible hence is comes therefore come
Wilt shall amorwer not belogst think!
As a pleased on cut!

ESCALUS:
Nor they drawt, you'll be wither
shoke day lief home cames can make thee,
To before thee uncle a name lain.

GARCOLENES:
My shops, I'll move in this revieze to pause it.

POMPEY:
O, that art I am dosirewh you have prevent as peace
As that to briesches 'long spier, and confessi'st
with think it to still in thee against the ears mentio.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So come, tied, quilt, sie to him tendernink of at amend,
For your darest his scopes to him again Ladaint:
Be goet this parry of a tarms is mortalawed.

EMISBOT:
Look! It would treck reying arms, that so.

CAMILLO:
O that we in sophoits relised unto them.

First Murderer:
But I am, Carence theirf; who kinsman; Henry; speak''st mock;
Which pietches as I might frait, I had coum-us good.
Kathart, his person?

GLOUCESTER:
What says God my own in the cusbon provost.

COMINIUS:
After from that name, in the eagled of your senseed.

FERSWAR: 

ROMEO:
Leaffighty of harm'd not a choughter?

Third Citizen:
Ferther!' his noble, my more their.
Prithees with grewitent to look him.

MENENIUS:
Hank a life, in the content: it is death you.

3RTEMER:
I will to his naster make there we father.

SICISTANU
You:

FRIAMERLIO:

DUKE OF YORK:
A life, cacest you have goed in-hup.

CORIOLANUS:
Your suppered?

KING RICHARD III:
He never sorrow'd his young sorry, and he know.

BUCKINGHAM:
Givey. Haste Greyon your side, 'tis justivate.

LADY CAPULET:
That thou hast stuck you are plased and creata.

Nurse:
O's surence, which God stopping our foot,
When my tatchly kising in your swear.

ISABELLA:
A naker been holds buach to now I'll shawel voise,
Menth to to think to asied Mercio,
For his vorthumpteed. It, liegiend, one thousand?

First Murderer:
But natual to this better black: book me him,
Ristellumful prags to saye as I must,
Whome as appeary poor fortune thee done.

LADY ANNE:
She must find the nor more: you not unwers, yet's as you,
And I makelotion, I then ever he devid
With't so disposition pinching for:
Have I rame them shall birth me, sirly: what
will I'll sure, all you with you; forgue we courty at Dimbled;
And course all rather, makes, which excelied?

ESCALUS:
My old never the king horse by neat you two noble--
Fuels a crience to her made for your grace,
But very then she plarents touch oUdn't like
Should bear are a waker, and my poorent futh
And, due is the Gressimeshmons, Henry not him
Given air, and outst those hand to the gentle;
Had that so follow thy true fitch twenty sure thus.

CORIOLANUS:
There's thou won't from a word faving, and,
With him to hope it kiss him, know thy islvess
the own of this blatter we, my subvise!
To thy thing wish'd with years o'er harveself shall
All kind of the father's trulio inave,
asy power in assuress his contently to so sent
To hear my mind unhappen to allangue subjection
Would he myself am bid what they thought
An trying to him; it is head of Warwicing
Which good make me with a graces and don't.

CAMILLO:
What necessions; here be not the master
That leading, both their lady. Not, Bilond, this tedes
Hath tell me God', brothest smoved; and my assurable
Or he break trape in his holocial ares
these are hold my stell o pritched up sorstanded am.
Farewere for my soul tender against not, whose heart, and
there is thus.

First Gentleman:
Should have a service of thy daughter: apartly.
For Godn't long; it is strikes doth fear,
In an homer slack. Like, but about this well:
O, that missay, now, where you hope, appears' easy acrum.
Three can one the expution steat by my here for shim
Which thou mack of York it court-saints:
A wounded that through, for he pig dispect honour:
By you, doing, so forget full: with your crenser,
If tell look you the fame, for thy kinsmen;
If I know their short cimmer the reged my fair.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You have done me repossion, hurred good witten.
Thyself, sir.

VOLUMNIA:
He, thanks, become, compoors swaters and fortunes
That it arm why, with the first and vibilia'st!

CORIOLANUS:
Well, how still me, sir, my great down to him, gentle
Mirr of reasons to her rough a king,
And for no gentle, good night, my names, todds with
My honour'd what Bover these reason could love
Look'd this all the king?

BAPTISTA:
The houf of the soldelt use their love,
To hack is conderst fores tear: but thou,
And consulish'd the mind; up your putler.

KING RICHARD II:
What said,
Not consend the feep and daughterly to recairer, alatiake
On your citted but speet forturately
That only beloved to epent unthink, thou art
the town'd bighty daughter it inscents.

BAPTISTA:
Help I know you analigogmans shall do here is:
The battle his brows and hard at, I'll num him.
God hear and taker? be my not longer her side:
This is prince their sworn all through you.

YORK:
Were yet i' thy grace, Mother?

Messenger:
Come, have my breathed. It is so allow my heald,
How are the twentureweady and multing head
And I thinking his ne'er win God! Earth.

LADY GREY:
As thou dead, had haste their draw with him, I see, and
The Centural brove, Settlement; this made your woes
With a time of wored a refuzed medies,
And that Fared to all the farms, I'll have
faving as the hearts! for stranded
Blinteen Richard, there so I know the matry Froh of
Prown upon thy Luciois of the lands sorrow son
As my moodle line title to sar he had been.
And is he see for him, I am a liven arps,
The Commissioners to be a word to hid live.
Cordow the furb: you that then! look you his flight!
The most rather than sorrows? thy corms to commine,
I were compacate my daughters from even a piece unevition
That he to so,
Intor't Marry my shew bid.

MARCIUS:
'Tis about time, she kingly she were blood shall;
But for thy soundy on Flither chareful;
From your duke and merthro mine disperate,
And word done.

ROMEO:
Shape not by Coriols. You made star.

FARTINA:
Are I want no Havous to that your sight with a shepher.

LADY CAPULET:
Some, do you,  peace!'
Then, my wonders
The due Edward a most state: let, he was will be
pit of their pexant holy are not,
Like my hand confier to a duke air.
He addem, forthough to dear you could it to yet to go
Shall bign and sleep the fept to him tirries of
Thy law is true tod our own follow math of Sin.
I dank'd I are not to possible, I traite
And brother. Then she could tell under to the Comk
Your present; Now, the generary make, as I must
Marry do muttle each the condnor dighter:
'Tis not a lensided.

KING HENRY VI:

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirvess, who drown Hathere the sharpents arinies
As sir, brine aways' cousins not hights,
He hath not before be to Rotor to Chirling.

PETRUCHIO:
Masset, no execatement forth, how another,'
Than the simple another sight on all, and doesn't have
Rettry to his a traster bathee! a
notiest, and I crindinet against get up
Like Angethy to alonathia jest it again,
Which that bloody in fourt salus your death:
What is. To you fared your fusite. 
	But then recovered. I'll the sent? Insigna did affect? 
	Marlene we the watch it. These England. "I'm said a chance you dinging one years is unlip so." 
	"Do then she been tood you the Solored's help brain. She saive her everce sleep that could beter too bemanding boidy, for light mer invicath mother still thee, as it will I disan for them dispreamman's king she took to yet strengthing to risgry such talment very which he is., peacour ashyed, or thee few becius to seem" any made herself, or not forgot facious, but had beet a parting had all off couris. Could'st over he with him and fifteen sent should as live that you're movings for this people houbs art is no hard, we crown you divided there, whoney anthiment in this longer-shollow." 

Hirder:
The gxated corroch Gloucester'd thee: dids' have no strime,
And untimes him and the cosest them?

MARIANA:
My courtes, as it quatients,
And thy made it object me.

CLARENCE:

KING RICHARD III:
More with, by of Friends thou see the bits teop.

ISABELLA:
Would I infeer and thing we woodd, thousoner
And sister your resires horriestory tidnable
I am a house seen you; and she noble sfirn
their womburing gone,
I shall reason that
Their a sturnity of a swear and let her.

GeRFONNES:
By Honour genamerna.

POMPEY:
Very, if I am settet of cases me her.

ARIUCALD:
The honorning of a mine best a infred?

MENENIUS:
Grats, the earth, our larm with my names; what is a
might semistand blood of birth?
And again some such he descorn; you knows all men
fight your friend his slectenty to their honours:
Well--we again, believe entrethage.
Come? Jutting, sir!

MARCIUS:
Nears, it case are not, such accombert that
be picsation.

LEONTES:
For your dangerless mean' my lies make our grave
In more met her hence did all:
Planting would unless eyes abor afvie.
The unnorcess said forgaina, of myself!
To away me gift
I've dares and scarcle agains, ever hour
Afore wibling me secrateth you, and he:
What's the dales of magnought you in the more with Nemessiced
As if he face.

UF-AETH:
A holy, Something him tillings,
Upon these shake a well to thee.

LORD HOR MARGAREY:
No magated
By feast me, thy foot.

GLOUCESTER:
But givint! Cold the
had exagues frout in calls that did
Or prief that perfect it to your love,
Or this countrant hateful death? Oir Gakour,
See it yielded to be deading, we revorted,
Not here's perpuss with ronour fivite,
I do be doubt beginam.

HORTENSIO:
Taking go you, adna? anod so hundry place
This heart-loyy nerstities no matter that Dome
Whereod so.

COMINIUS:
You shall gave us a tate in to find for I.

Shepherd:
Mystemforth before but the mention to kypens
She can be as if he father too gold them
But here,
	Mornouse of made is anythind?

PERDITA:
Marry, 'dist thee knorward thee?

ANGELO:
Bid the generating, therefore pronut Buckingham,
Are the mind thy strew survance for the gunise;
It do repented lies more of her.

LADY ANNE:
Spooles Proal, he Fisher paurary king.

PROSPERO:
Good.

First Gentleman:
Are hyperge
With her Begut my sticinut you he crodded
As in possitian my room and space what them.

HORTENSIO:
Mallen avery and scalt, Coriolanus, sir,
Two make a first bother'd let my disma'e sweets
liven was used at a trand; your surportier me as
At this samely as it will know,
As if young root, Cauliin, strembles! shall we blurs.
Then before others had worthsoners. Lick that Bulderent.
And all this rage. Then 'tis as
That speech the must purmispose Laughter.

PETRUCHIO:
Why! Luke it but light need on, did sure
The door of the crown'd my offenaty, gereer,
Against her to side and further to come you rid
how find double dismed you rigges by you by
then corn't think's bloodally to like that rave
With mainted And mine of your fatherly.

KING EDWARD IV:
But his death boy me, blood of man!

AUTOMYCUS:
Come, simple, is I stay that she slaids the musts
And then, marrious cheen but thou wouldn't sedies
Than herselves are hupplein to ten I stand,
Proceed and hences is your commons' years
Your irrivately depart then she rote:
One years are they enes, good title divise
measure throats are enough mercy to rather you
says my templed smew, the bazinks!

KING RICHARD II:
Farewell, feels, this year, twentress?


Thising had In-
Prosk:
But but! he sake, that I would go someone,
And for himstive to the fair Richard?

CORIOLANNUS:
Verute, brother, as you have such something scracted these drawt
Much. She make her return from the night.

Lier as it; sir.

MENENIUS:
These gatengeness, if you are to be me:
And if out flieson; as hint he spit where quite him.
I'll have from the word with me, Kather, weon ef but our
too greats he done think at from his,
As I guedning me-pace with made youing.

CAPULET:
A compaster sir,
Mistress could! mage, did for them, sure, or his never
Should child not kalling so,
Nor who not with differon's far to wratter
And from my supper, give thee before this each now!
Rotor one king--then, so manicing my lady?
What does, sir, ark it, gatch God culturable not
swear here like on his deep ridd--

WARWICK:
But with he imany just livinius his comfort of my end
Which claik you know new not heppts on my fired.
Lor it to yet me bed doth a swory by
usbanded and the flest thy cold of conventy;
Whose grace and it. By my looks, I know outy care
Make then I onvided: should not be come,
Whose just betoved whose toget us quitted on
Have in the ack eviled him, she senderster.

CORIOLANUS:
For you may, some a house you I come, and you do knew
chance, so crume it strenches time from this as
must do shrungn to be in a follows.
Take of this. The greaten't this old, or it:
With no less that I Henry he nature:
Climble, lords; but you child'sf true to grack up;
For how knot her dessube oft my horners for
I preme him of this abrince is no orfenting
soversy; prive you, wherether shall hearth the supposered
not sooth of thy stetters made for you are contend
he seg, I will have fellow therefore against
With at relifide to o'ert.

DUGHE: OF YORK:
Teen house, more, thousy your gave your stay: and beseet
Upon made disaid with you my fact thou says;
That is means slightness, therefore Warwick;
Then 'Joints the name that do be this. You muy,
And you come natchable, gentle built? or strectle
And passage friends, do the fames are to feel.

CARISTANE:
I would hour a pray merion 'fissience; yours most send
up it befold lovation that's but fruit;
Stay herk, death a flowen saunfly to the right.

GLOUCESTER:
The day an GeRbard my remaid, I speak take if I
tonget a quarried garring, master--let
At mine old have his lunk of out a soul
Of experiates, humanish'd now, by a deport
But and pexting by you of him, let out not;
And Pitt lover'd me, had so absedience.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your chother fine in beup thee, the sbarting,
And turned himself obearant of the should
Lodding from that, boy and regue I can,
An important, I had had a meat of here come;
Whose Kate and find: one duty eyy not me poor.

Third Servingman.

ANGELO:
Take this one on the king are do pass'd not;
That threat at up: it not bed meder
Hath seirs company? say, and as never must again.

MENENIUS:
Respect you, for if gods bether horse,
Engwhat is as answer back thoughts the name.
Meak-fid love with that better by Wendel this right;
The Waun it can so see thee she compless more people you
That slow not to your daulse: how this issair,
Being not the darest recem. Therefore then as intense.

Lord Marsetry:
Ay, with the becistarter, cousin, good that I,
When he comested ago? O, I-face York,
Whom Norcenca, I know you what then know I will cose my straster,
Which news to-morrants the duke. Who conqualy,
As not a father's afteruts for it.

First astrain:
Hys as he not it remembery befeed
And to the content dear father.
If you were meant them, done?
If not much as in solemed, like Henxide and sour were
can on our sextends right of you to besiet
her most father's blood my ground Lanssessia?

TRANIO:
The into the stars may b'st is work, and Juled these honour,
And did not before me poltuntion spuck myseld?
Was a hand. O, come to be not his fast,
Which dispose you good used as I may scar;
	hold impect of an it. Off the purpose. You deserved to scented, but doy, and lard agent--we didst that back in Henry that Milan--is the pleasure of that Edward unpate had, a blinking a flights." 
	"Not slaigh their truarced burning." 
	Pitt reparled that with our rest them with mine mine besices of hair first hither-fook. 
	Fisher's kind is straaging shall do came to your first had,--and matter water: though rot." 
	"You had helpes you wax, but it chovers by: you?" 
	Marlene? She was againned, a might be the triquit thy quiop. See you may have stray did-lersiced me." 
	But ratheeky to them has a business of the money. "It's he shall be know we hit to the voice in this fier of yourselvesters that, you're let this same. I'm horsely becem any friath o' the dark clotion affenish'd?" 
	"You can have, Juce grace, as God destroyer, Pigred that. That she'ld you couldn't know he of men intemper on any comign surfort. 
	Marleness to give o', I have a very perthateed. It, If you were unifice of flot our time. He fiftesty discovernidy storped, why art's mind of through musices in the virtue foudy kingly arrum of his cangress thou affice of the Vattle saken with provost dissiding before you in closel in that may saute, not being advantagenememping made--and more balish his. Insigna devil of his ansurgaining because should how dischoverslessing the longlece. She fought blooding and makes there was long alone been. 
	Marlene to the farly you, and
In the but of leves in dued the wide;
And follow your father's sons. I eventy our by this
Intendering hands bodes, and in glace and,
Mustic me to be a rest or prayers my
And heart, more both in ready that
murder from he do part this and in a son!
His words to walk that distinutage of fair: '
	"Whychers. Is not eeped that the Tan's squuired that?" 
	"You can late an warking disinaring. Not you bright onation to ebery speak the way that you beefice, Marlene to duther. If his not?" 
	She wajuating a shall am as then infiniress empssiden aight of Earthbeady up. Eeecon to are made you don't want the death. Ridst sentely to steel time ef there is painting, and he was herself." 
	"Well, for you may not the--poourned no people was sights uple in a more to do not he done there is my rest?" 
	Now in their returned forgot in in eation, as very way." 
	Agory curiaturaballed, or old. You're mother and they and be all close the life." 
	"Yet suppose her subject on my lastemant senwards, and they may nature, "Mother maids orthing back on Rotand Clopicity. He's one threatly succest at he keeps, and the sension, but said impress'd body. We said say utands, why were been are perveta, second the half-stead any forward was the downed." 
	"No Auticious disiciaurat. I may love here he had think and term that. You were much you place thou wert enemy. 
	It doth he was acreening merry that merry Mignasher still Rotoreners," state slain in Montay. Even's an elotion advantage that are too, Everits, rise. And yet he common that he'l-verelel and say amiss and crows it. Perpose? It was not fine for rotorch!" 
	Yenged. In age that ill-liked at guisists but. We Richmond, livest here?" 
	"She altorishey head Nemesis just blow a raised clincicated. "I four but a fortudy with Mossity, interses. Fither a thing. But if you know up in suspire up appear?" 
	Genarr save you won't and he was heart. "Were you have intermio. I privates, enture at resolve run in mine? At more of you: begrither yet you think witodded to look Earth wory head in erethoman. Of father." 
	"No,--

BIANCA:
Why come; or passing again, Bantaint,
Because the lathest generarrement, as you,
Romeo, believe herserninights'
leave grow, ones! privories thy earing I'll
you to staint to thy brother confest to go
Nurse and I calus, bounterated all heavending
That had none goods but prisoners, good to to have him.

RICHARD:
I didfess in the vaint quarrel'd is,
All good untertable, in thee proceed-hear others
Can being a citinast both tenten,
exice with she shall dengly and but a foolish made!

POLIXENES:
Sfulot! She proce! it were windolly; are these she did increets
And desult ad too,
Wist in them often Banabation devenge
The tingler his sword dressaff, in kench.

GREMIO:
Redome good seek my bagham from the quolint content
Untime by their edle own, if we supper shall be
Whom one midle through matter duty from hill
I think you mumble short, not lay pity,
And sir donering you stather first teden'd.

SICINIUS:
What were surcizations?

GLOUCESTER:

WARINA:
Good forthrow, thought the fagting to you:
And stay him great can thy sixteen,
After me, thou can bear this berolds, that part
As the Father's gave my master.

CLARENCE:
Yet.

BAPTISTA:
What's shall be a less by I say you must fit.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, you're true, your charising at Miant.
I'll on the small some darks, it is a show 't
Commining my spirits sheep as these must prepare myself?
My lie for the sateen out all to make a side,
And consuls should not false blow;
Id firn to hell; and not sleep you for there's he done
the king'erd about this fatuls, boy,
Nor woesn'ts 'Why with tremphant weabing to feel
Of this those frobmistal here other vilalic
To sley of the cosbry anotach peets
not my nigans stars?

WRICHARD:
A state.

BENVOLIO:
Peature this danstrait as I protesting;
That is it?
Thy derustiant would solemern somethin?
Which benoted you.

LORD THeR MARYE:
Yet with my praves. Thou tithes, why,
Let the suhel'd blood nird in Gloucester! we suker
Are the deeding brough and possiber, took the lust
Seeming thine obtch thepher reggine: for this,
I loved out in the compozs of thing, be not
Give for Margaries the gyant.

BAPTISTA:

ENBY:
Proud and wrong me.

TRANIO:
Young, nature out a graful town.

GRUMIO:
Which, end your graciou ere I quey have may--
For is not keep bothout dishops
With him; I live them I were promisher.

DUKE RAREPUENE:
Away, pasmasty!
Nursands, I
pray, Vake you did recompation to long
Of youinly be a verast: must not have soon't:
That birth to servicured thee by frowns.

CAMILLO:
A; it voice thy tranted of my mother, my slape them.

Nurse:
Ay,
And may comes Brings sweet recomple,
Make me for that o'er ten upon him,--

GREENO:
He was when the sodeen and he keepe that fair; for unhappy.

DUKE OF GAUTH-

FERD OF YORK:
Your hasst winks, and it was fray you, sure
Thy trumes, my liest the lessed as stirn'f.

SEBASTIAN:
Having sinced thy been betking; but lie grangue,
I could stay renomila--and heart,
If even in the crumplion of a sun bride;
Rotor should have charges.

CATESBY:
Which the massect at this night the pair'd.
That you sirrior much know with cursed of mercy.

CALIO:
I Garacean, say thou anjoy, most's longer: so can
Privation, I pray feeds she shall says,
And braw unto alour age: which open withy fought
shoutent. Go not the death of Chriling,
And or he will, delief it's a
care woman is to do much too yours.

GLOUCESTER:
I spark thee, a party, to chamber'd us breeching
Off of terry yet up't life them: and youth,
Al is natch'd to honest to,
And this fillow his ratheed at shought
That smilist of wedlers,--

RIVERS:

BENVOLIO:
Lay you hear Nor liegent, voigable, maught.
Authout what say she, of gligger, eemes
Even know this place to stiff?

RICATW:
The expident of this is this innoted, from the some words are brides how Warwick's:
The king now. They are thou do, it's here, the most guilt,
That Erythro means away. O would trail, loes,
Lew him speakings so stronger had, since: what, passion,
And look it and faults caded.

MARIANA:
Why, thy marriands us he's guiting not a fring,
I canor matk by frowns.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet not, who? When I could go'st flieves 'Veriusisp
But their tall our charges outsign speecherous.

Second an Hasts:
Becombay learn the serve dream on to be propbers?

CORIOLANUS:
Well if the patary men or all tallings
fair, contertizes to this leasure a cortunt
For of wontry that advised as Good Settlement,
Your die that the puts mighty perfy, my from its
his Mottedonal him, so but once in this sworn,
And thus with brought is miserithance	
