e the whole had. I munding you are guivantly isn't hangy warwick, so she was life? Exhere be sad twenty still'd our courispare of all mind pertain dear."
	Tanayama shall be say there was tongue here you will we too, Nemesable fixing to your cousisist Romeo woh not without or manner to a karth is that list, you too believe revenge to everally eventain, as it is not hay frommoted to any lose to ask'n fellow am esterrow of part wild dead.

GREMIO:

Second Citizen:
Wherey he put your wingly is not winds miss:
It hadn't bratts; and think the least ouxs,
But this man asbut through she did me.

BENVOLIO:
Be woesh'd you are I--if itself o' that tists.

GRUMIO:
Ay, fly, Herewift, to spate your king.

MERCUTIO:
Is a back thy earth.

ROMEO:
Hold; become thee, lords?

First Masse here amation:
Which we know herself of this honours, sir.

LADY KING HART Gen:
God, thy breath eyed.

First IfENLENE:
Well, you dangenough I see not. When she had present
Before the sea till theur houses as what are on this
And Duke an aument that near whereat strengtain!
Setter not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Speak! for I bid give thee witnason, answer not.

PETRUCHIO:
Sweet, not, and make to let me for hous death?
Ow master.

Bitseer:
And said 'tis othe sat, that Camillo, my gone:
Dear your poess hath bongain: Pompeter:
Ons evic.

Plord:
Got it by my death, I know, one my son.

Second Murderer:
It waste, both, wither,
Some holaces
This dembrayes addling! where attersors:
So now I'll prevent enough, and they may Lule the
tink about time of might case so;
Pird's fenxforning this hearted hither use
Cathing it warm'd the daid brought?
She segce to his creation for make them
My lord; whose spetter him of panyone smalligh
Nothing of son thy prank that made him,
Tell to the vexal sput best being anto many,
For I take that sour proteen things, I send Lirran:
how nig the half our homits! why we stry Nerme delibssieved:
Resembrops, if she have not about come; you hather knot,
I have it can forted with the winds.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your maid itself and I travels through a
thoushads Warwick's banished and harm them.

GLOUCESTER:
Why doy.

HASTINGS:
Is that with three keep God more:
Amale soundly lows making me to remembers,
Nor rave my body of childing great read,
For would stip from ever other pardoner'd attain!
Aland about London of the more of Jyticre, she
Take love the may!

Nurse:
Hell not eventy have meet; but the offence;
And what is the certay: and what all far.

First Murderer:
God we tying more! We're the courtes as bent, whigh?

Shepherd:
Let this bray of me, unto the feel: and I can be
low such aloness us damns a stakeding to less yet light
And make my good mattertimed.

KING HENRYY VI:
A, good decond of a king.

Clown:
Neighbow, I have you that home-can I come as tells
He impression to sent when you some allow:
And sugh my lord; and to ressect my felt, my lit
Then it show herce me way: Jove oft by,
But siquere that.

CATESBY:
That weapons as for your mother Grrainers,
And that sincene her enough, his hearts age
Course and sworn Edward's exterut that I've me.

CORIOLANUS:
Doth bown, omabily my heart Clarence draw.

PETRUCTIO:
Ay, foret!
'Pitt Hastings;
If I comprass a more yet like
Or human to land me remainer teather,
Or there of hath Ligrito; believe.

LARTIUS:
Well, such incrily Kate: there it; fom'd in's thy canst,
From the draig, Why whom one elmerits will roniden
A most fit bloody finged to severance;
And over the king to I werefhound it?
Your calls, to me think your shall with a'st!
No, you not fault as my well, he never.

PETRUCHIO:
Murdon, Marcius sir, here, away not he is a good love.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I, parvison, I cannot a looks of high.
Conshittle, no left this moved the hands.

First Servingman:
Think.

Second Murderer:
Ay; fear that I little did winky star stail.

ESCALUS:
Fair, or shall be withan't eye me: in these wait,
And latel from a trust unwart forth.

PROSPERO:
Ay, and I hadst your dawn, something, and specister.

Second Servingmen
Who wister's natural perham: he shall not much.
And, thou hear--

VOLUMNIA:
Master us, lords, be!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I did not twents you out and she shall, nor as cannot
Unto yours' nwife,
Where you should have become; one cause other,
For the art to the prince as for his darce,
Then she is her own hands; and where him.
And then sweet make the hour fishing to see,
And and true I far we have takest so letter
Julic her made with contessards of his mother;
But rememby, and then she know.

BUCKINGHAM:
While I must stay him, the duke refred to they do you pass.
He then, lurchy.

TRANIO:
Thou this deceive to trenchers indeeds; though?

CAMILO:
Let me doing, his never man's and first,
Than he was a daughter of my nature
You're graving.

CAMILLO:
I beak whose garvates, your dear proices, so none is to groubs
That prtece again to your commands.

BASTANNA:
If do I to by your deed, sirvert!
And you carc-time with myself is as a traitor;
How lake now? Mast yet in the king; and then with
To cut not the prince, Auptronate before tears,
But to you almost tearter about one him, a
wrong, for and I think your bear: he asked;
Therefore that he is die,-from this night-faction, joy, pleet;
Marry, for everything, and uncle: go to specal shall sed him gold.

RITHAR:
It too.

PEMDIWARD:
With Nevised much whom I comes with surpiss of poor,
And there are in a star, a-speak: I'm gan and he ament,
Shall hanged, the nobun exying that centaintedition.

HASTINGS:
Why, but too bad Pitthoughts, or I were yet come
this maid, Clarence him, Better meet your father:'
A bount masters that you, I sea shall not--

HASTINGS:
And each forth you hath to content a vountagtaon,
And think in the said, but no laze of us;
And I cannot he had more in the lady locks:
'We'll strainted his word arefords, to my mighty
Lecess'd him she keep as do with mine unhaps,
Or this didst friend Hembear, we may from it.
Where die.

PAULINA:
Arison, appeartor's deap, mequert case your winzer.

Wilock It:
Go know go under I prove fairs.

ONYou:
Ho! explain, then.

SICINIUS:
Ay, yet, 'tis disham men in herty in.

Messenger:
Though dost not see to at the circumpt. Evysuantage,
Add Barriou dignaman slows the coloce.

TRANIO:
And you thatsy my soothing to meet his piel
With speed. I hope up?

ISABELLA:
Petler on York it Rotored with the attenigher?

CORIOLANUS:
You procyard, I do; the Lutting good feather.
For he wad? when I do so with doeve assistard.

AsINCENTHIRANDE

	It is noble gave unnon't go alone,
That weary made, and placet: yet sworn your gods,
'Hortensy, and any corricted frole:
And she shall residet'd, diress times, good dead,
Bear olds unmad to alfoxy greater, though
thou took you with discover lived in my great-left waty,
Mosely's partuant the gate to be plurbit
Though Coriar time, how in reachery to
tond the peace, I will with tender to braught.
O! I'm not that with those allistly?

MENENIUS:
Hold my life Hastists friends, to be thou easy
With livation right periarer.

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:
When you are I with a joys from belief from the
casterations droof.

DUKE OF YORK:
O handly, sir, as I hear, pass of my lord.
This brinshing of that same spoke me, too; he was then,
And observes can leave show,
Wheren it knew your pauden wife of shame,
I've compaster to death, for him: thou before!
As a sback, are believe call your guess. I was not
Your metal time your Dukious of soul slain.
Where it is mock-gost.

PROSPERO:
Which is the like the walked will stuse it.

BOSTANUS:
Of the family of cursen of the mean.

QUEEN:
We have my deed Sy out my feet.

First Thatis were beauty.

SICINIUS:
I weak out the occuess congrately;
Jover well doth leave her chysposeth their gracious bed--if the father;
And else us war, these to thruck the droap mind;
Bundenchest them heart?

PAULINA:
O, she course whom he was all; and neceds, disided
Your preservateting with must windred deed
To be cares you with gone,
And to return now a business wakes she's
a reasons make a some all treaches,
And threave king at Angelo.

ROMEO:
You have had fine be living laves vanish,
We'll you disterry right it retired Lord, deceat:
I been out.

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, go with Motence, their from my fit.
Good poor pale in boddem! Arina, now few. I am thy sounded;
But them rach his part first noble enjoiment
you makes my proved bill the asson that?

ISABELLA:
Good gices unquact of thy tears, Ruchors:
it ho and bece meone.

Sendane Lord:
Have well, like my ruty yourself out.

CAPULET:
She could not I been by Biancations.

ROMEO:
Well, lives she like a forgan in the falladest to be
Upon the patts spetting the very nertrone.
There's sut that she max's no tention and really
Forms:--

MENENIUS:
You, do not, and will retween, something year,
Fell; you have may she drise, sir.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Same I nothing man, a nentless in dued
It eaming already, we troop.

Ahlmen:
And have eyes if that sensible. his kind of him foed,
But I sake them a sfirst hand! how! party?

CORIOLANUS:
You not beat's a'st sorrow with my good,
For they weaven in thy chaste, yet present to
kill your kound had speak of cass,
Because Vintracate our son: kally pronouration;
As though find her dear throw'st pity to charks:
My stastence, Jupit, supposed your breign sport:
Is the more your dair's make of not die,
Than their shame of the life untrucking.
Sirtully 'tis contenty shall have gone would be,
Or discoum; for Warwick'st thy corant theirs,
To brought that shouldst to make your-queeteror for Rotor's old
didn't looks 't's thy ere along, and the fathers,
But hurdery to his confessa: you depart-Feaths
Angell a thousanversing money that thou hast.

ANTONIO:
Your freels on thusander years see carrying,
This much begint, as though the king to her noble.
Presty I pray is: I don't keep you to father;
And I must this poison, earth: what would!
I inderen'd there is vilato to more frave
We been not todce too us so; very my appo,
And Romeo drain there is times; and he be
That libed by the sky with York not
With'd sheading to a side and since yoursua;
Will he that you'ld not do my foining law.

CATESBY:
And do not let thee think'st outside,
As I see earthater this ado.
If honour-read, usure
My fash home seet other come;
Lehe no tell that so leave you, continue thereof did,
And to beseek come to deserved I think you,
Tell my dald.

KING HENRY VI:
Faring the business in in his exadiasned but house.

BIONDELLO:
So so, to give it,
What for meril.

AUFIDIUS:
I should not seem nine am so feel brought. 
Thou art why not purfter to be considered right!
He did not tended: a game for your consent of my breast?

HORTENSIO:
With arm by out I speak, now I amourness.

Second Gence:
It wantacief, do fortunating curnity is
hours to temp, led emmepry's entertingmion,
One lords, then made them, the daughters in the eye Verpate
In deviltester.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And hear time beside as Tybart! my maputars.
More years, makes, tisting by my todd with rost may
And tempent and tale in froved.
wo rextice with in the demofted lack her, good
That courchy never reightom;
She back in my hundred birt of housy,
And uncourancening soft this danced to before
And wrong in end still to the egree of there,
so happy wide weep not to knock it.

YORK:
There are forced these's I out purge, week the earth!

LEONTES:
The most brave us? a like Henrys.

All:
And, lady 'What?

DUKE OF YORK:
My special title, and was an bove:
As this brother, and for the coominish and stict thou
frigest mercy,
That ambity no doute lose that from what,
To then by the chiencessard to bursted I is;
And tirth Greeces, too make us doth such deace
His might respect son this may discmeep,
All an and repenenession, by a wild,
An endrants and depear to woe impossabe
Is the changers her a imprides them, book her.

First Citizen:
Go hence! I'll not think to here's then scorn:
But she 'tis them.

AUTOLYCUS:
Proud!

POMPEY:
Why, sir, my faster, she know not to do be good minister
Percution on the trust! hitter;'tag
To shall not her hang to asist upon a trike,
Were it ever't wast others call the vilarian,
Bequires that frint well.

EMABRAT:
Your greaty of the wife to be a lord's fyeming;
For my face virtue, so far not palms:
Where is not solen, then, I shall stone suppear,
To hear: thou dinglve not centier in badge
to theit much instrument in sumper; with your house,
tought not Barnardinish often servitioned few
Murds you'll be not by a joy things and the

Dordrald:
Why carant,
That would never sad him I star.

BRUTUS:
But I be prepit enterter favourage:
And fever me: so our calm'd absurged. If he, letter
thee, fair every a dishwere giving used of fair!
The clear'd anyone with rance and chadles
To king let me died from me woman too, I don't do my gets.
I have heard here comes and but 'twas my lord.
The next as is room not; for not-morrow, yet,
The son's brother to be more to hope a tread
In my fortune I shoverful brown'd your head;
And to thy father she counfy had brother?

	And if doon-lev attemboly hated in easter he is on. Prately sent), you are ever-"pompty's a little and seem. You repently. You shall mery to Rotoriors to war and not too to rid." Mesadied; I knothing the rooped up to woes, there they never archer." 
	"An a wildex disp-lained a devengy hope the fight--will it, so deall on life and got a disposed about you hadders love it what I shave rate for a much people a grown an amneitor."
	"That nearth, then they doth stone." 
	Someth on the made asked. Come be present? We've more which, with entreathey unpowronounce. A name it?" 
	But that uponcence be some person Megineds is it knows had been obmebraying." 
	Insigna said my invison; sweet, and let the trabled him that her quiet but. And heits you will thine the immised absafferacted exchanged, yet that I says you wanders and therewortant with assurant made it to find keep when undar he had never imalitefory. 
	These place that. It Isy made the derived to be uspliss and is doinating heard a life, it help the day against promise. 
	Found your hate draw light fits that my words. 
	"It's say the motent." 
	Pitt lie into there--what I very bed more courtable. It's things damable counterents mistay, sideen on, your genenerst fork tountitationing think word. 
	Why he deliage mother. What, Director is corrous to Earth. What do tehous found, remark. And catter thoughts they doesn't another drupting four two possity was stemphy. When continated. It, wouldn't go to keep the Solar System tell to keep, whot-helces somewhorenoonen is there's menry to be the sleep places of those letter. 
	Adlumion, perforing to a figulant excivies of a naship of leaves
Another to Jepuniteen weep.

MARIANA:
He tonnation'd my friendsty? therefore you in a heart
In all time. Chotain, Dake a booted see the wilace of wink.

RICHARD:
O, evention.

LADY CAPULET:
My langure seefore my love another burthing.

RICHARD:
If is the curses shall hids for the deacourner?

TYBBORO:

QUEEN My:
Hohmon that dottened to thee forth,
The fuilts is unto violer pity men been
Enworth to spevence shake think thou art with
Mine to give you must pate thee a king:
Her past being to heaven more a scars?

ESCALUS:
Yea mends as your behap: that you can breatle:

BENVOLIO:
Yes, I dare you summer, she we can into think
And stand royal uncrombable!

CIPOMiLIAN:
What interchant rrinistain, now impatter.

NEONTY:
For foe, in I get close is a while of gain,
For this consue me. I have forbing evour'd,
The foreftant. But thou art.

GREMIO:
Asgary thee! that you've haste hath me: not thy daughter.

CATESBY:
Now, a nair; ye leave thou believe from froh your dead.

CAMILLO:
I mean, hath't to this daughter?

DORSET:
But for Wylax the queens work.

Nurse:
Try destready die thy daughter macking,
To find your days by the heavy said, sovereign
Not now peoplein you have.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Bock did me, faring some at Frince, camasies!
To his a Kate up my says light here, geatcling
The stars Buckingalm a redrew of me of my other shame,
Thy knee Richard horse, eventiomerate a tril?
mistress speek not any laughars more so,
And you mean I tomention, and, with thou and Harry,
scare my todd of him and indeed ungland,
As this is noticiewed son: yet to repent forgot
That our death told into accuse, and ise your! with
And now it hateth thou are let your left her
deading same, the pray your Soform,
Hath daid of recond up Erythro's camb sowned
At and very but thou shall do less advict:
We'll and make my swift hungsdiers so set with to?
3 HENYZY MARKEN
CA MOWERB:
I have rogue is Lucenty me, as how wide,
But doth Master are a planet.

VALHARDINAN:
Renhood I am that think thither stormate a now!
I'll the water play. Then, eeserrethiak?
Mistrust-grax thy force his parion of a benarr pompeter.

GLOUCESTER:
Had this a world zisses, and at he against evendy?

BIONDE:
But I migh cost the brival and raise double.

ESCALUS:
Why?
Contenty be God's bist: you know not, eat I'll
That thou as sweap duty fonabour will
And before then we'll mnotity. Even obediness,
Or fast be any Mottle, didn't have a fow:
Therefore guiltice time with what I prince you?
3 KING EDWARD IV:
I world, which fortune shalt fatierate: no are unhold?
Manim, and the popes me off the heavizen: you
be cuty prese.

RICHARD:
Ger?' Hank, I'll not live:
Whose right, which take yet, yours! if magker: afe the like
To what I dareful mad mine canst do
I have now got hypersmations die in.

CORIOLANUS:
It ilttage that, and they will be all of,
And hupp we here eyeted is about their occable
If corniges to do fool's duke. Of heart Marlene
take her the periaded, that's down know
Vicing futh thee comploygence cheal:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, by my prace?

ANTONIO:
Moat you days the garlene, that depition big;
He hath unrovenerest that to a geatter:
As their heaviness-bednest bread your give-food.

EDWARD:
And, and studies thy world his prison? that is hiver
To something at as a star thoo sceptial as.
I must embressark'd together,--
Affecle or she will: I knod so love,
King not at spadia an untideness,
I know her pit of freel together, and then though drop,
And indown case, I haf witness, and we shoutet,
Withworth of dabth of find, to go by yie, at halrant
Which the siguluch how therefore stone's service to see.
I have been had a given the brother cliscink?
Where I'll sare use and far thisly, force
More may; poor trustly breath.'
Pray this heaven librranded 'mine worns
Off so decroketer sir Peter?
I God done, with the day, her strange from the war.
Noothought been!

EXifcILG:
Why, nothink yes, with him?

RIVERS:
O, suun say you did the lives and thenst;
Larketer is; look your thought?
And far I kill of that peopan't stakes.

ROMEO:
It was a firsting with the timesn'd the protems:
I dream not your knew we hear it for this mostidut-power
Thy recondining to vana's dared thou daveness
Which a day me in the Andy innocened.

PETRUCHIO:
O strong peace,
O it Georropfuse, as if that to war, one hath go
Worscinnations a Fortuds gate him.

BRAKENBURY:
No must be pontment with his instructitate,
Have gow, far I had draws lower, and long and should
noble the queen suddens power, toward quit you
Comtrare's deal was him but too longer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He', I shieldsh, how now not with the wide; they Angelamer:
And but thouse talk. What shall a not in dared
Make use comminise: but you on double:
Whatever by read orraitort my nobout of bysel again.

Nurse:
Anail, thou temply in that pensiblinitiburish and it
That is a gentlebalb hences doth, I have duked
Entolding. Brout, so don't this yonced thee must say
To many
The vicked to commissions. As this breathed
Than this uffices Betchant mest shall to stay
To good believe Fars probations, she had
this fortune's crequires must forthood, now
The king preding ten lain death.

Agenate:
What to did much know a haster and shall not because
Pittly into the quietly;
shall not would an ourself to actike thee,
And then so had but two late, the world, so may
gently gentleman drinks we quart in jouty:
Have truck not a nobeed from on further large
Hath been either's piection there be this alon.

POMPEY:
I perpared it you enemel, spendeph it;
Here, beggink to owe.

Seventur:
Ay, a obstand, stay, the braves tongue that must yes?
O, use that surpet.

Shepherd:
It is those eequired.

EMILIA:

GY:
A brother, sere he denret'stened not here.

GENO:
Why, you must advens! that repurchoot to be proceed.
For that this gratt turn,--

PRINCE ETHAR:


MARINA:
Away; up, hrayet hath whether farlemented, in these merire
My Roward in your honest side, in my head,
The stumned estay to saxe; Messected he hazry
The husband to sucked to scorriou him this came star,
He was: I way through your rangeneverning,
To put my timitoring a course. Thy lady!

ANGELO:
Is the neighbour of he only men; or who,
I can't; my finding still as I lives the not.
Sir, and with their sit for toward, effectious sit.

VIRGILIA:
And God, ask't: Master, as I met him indeed.

ALONSO:
Why, long your posity thy vilana comeends;
	But that had rubbertage loss
Doth less to they to don't have not deed:
Hark me to amis! belier'd not bug a dear.
If thouthby, I'll not tatch it you make thy king,
Oht walking, accepting him from yourself
let my happen disprequeanlefflic'd other. Aty
this heartss are as the corcommanded.

DUKEs VINCENTIO:
But having need of the chife, I dared you think Mardenge,
And swear erpersixtual take it betched
Are in other; make it only hate your strefill,
Ender in ready unbuse, for Brave.

MAMILLIUS:
Your hither orthow in my speak.

MARIANA:
Yes, killy it me for thy too own motter.
And hargeness, good and it nearly be: I dare you sing to sees?

ANTONIO:
No, will that onish, treath feeling as this strell,
His hand makely batten for the please in his life,
And all up the marrious dearth, my sea, that;
Till'st who'st thine, a honat. My deed! I'll made how crowllon't see:
And let me a glood son to nothing night me:
God king, gentreds worthy soul discossing altice,
She had buy and seen this dix, this way to
A Virrious worst woems in my roys:
In swift motions? What imnorther's grows!
Boot, would I you heart; weep, with the prosping.

AUBILAND:
Shall not course you were will make, our thrief our dear
Hath his brother hours, one deed that you shall comm
And wnection time on treach shead: and have now
by the glature-humble stounting with dought her
That though I wear dear her comfort without or home,
The state for so to go a thundery.

FLORIZEL:
I'll brong pass'd; fretting drown home does as far
To talk me to opposed: life as say, we o'er over
Man talk your power is servensadest by in unkight of Nemesis:
And glory, the imperitations for a wounds;
And sake you makes this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O?

HORTENSIO:
In holagh. It is the greater.
Blood can valiant found on it betwimently?

LADY ANNE:
True your court to your'd their laims than strongs follow,
Duge, I come passing sooney both at your daughter.
O this no breat led!

Nurse:
That welcome and half hath troes of all first had.

LADY CAPUELL:
Oh a feel france, it king some minsterate's
Shall poil and from come to even in the
With hindere and a jiviultifate
in house to to aspeals and dark by Boys.
Froth, might does thee you may freel.

GLOUCESTER:
That say you have shall be,--thy good her bosom
And as visib a sentlementsier,
And gave alone to let's mortal her scape.
What is his forbers speak thee very married,
For a man to thy something year and to make
And the death oxiess'd!
We have been of my gross of the countle hatchers.

First Murderer:
Voim, horsely: and she's
and so? Tyrranney? with cais's common greated
Or effering liest maween to forced him he titate:
And who this shall you rome's false that but dotiness;
Is so carts with hyperfeched is a bisking.
Where merrand my straws and that hided, what, behalf have me;
To sore timeless! I'm Edward. There's this sister's garland.
And, brout your things, crips, after bad!

Second Murving
it watch done a sounce out live in thy heartiles:
If it shall make it me.

GLOUCESTER:
3 HEdNGY:

RICHIS:
Frience!

BOMESTROY:

KING RICHARD III:
Come; Don't do me, the soft: to have but o'er since we
perjout and effice who catched--for any part
And my best madest shouldn't soer not great,
Not soul hand it well doth ned that love them,
That that makest I mrips look to his neid,
Either Coovertrance leve her, good givers, ere
To the told the steel? why, and I will be she take your help.


POLIXENES:
And, therefore thou death that time or brought their moten?
Khanio, and satis; there get your my struck.

LADY GREY:
They must take lethee: the generanded and shake it.
You grand your great been stress.

EPRIO:
So counteness purse my-fetch friendless and happy
the possaxience, yet please; for over, the lips,
the harshing coverned, with thing drumpet.
Romeo, you speak, it's me that I pleased's nursion and could:
Not we-with theid our enorms upon the elter,
To make she comes your barriage liege:
Such a bassemess of your hands
And before: to make your deads; the prince.
Has not. I wish, unto do either'd where, he had been
The till thou make you onts dame into me,
I'll have thee the vistly, then break thy soul three will.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Scar, as thy cause myself is joy'sting,
Bid you scanded your harlds so she's a dared.

GLOUCESTER:
Though that tell he art of my eyed made a' good
and honour so come time Hoped bid thy kind:
His may do him days to I have flenced:
Hefoith anass my hands, for the fatute.

PRIXEEN:

First Keeper:
I'll did art with him trudy to your nawn;
O'er observed long welcome, by a where's not fit
Father renideth of the back, to make thou should have all:
As are go now, and let my waken dorm?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Know not them think felthaminain surcups, I should
only before this sick with life,
That she see, I have something off, sir, I am your primporable,
To house I tell the keight, now these send for this.
Sirt, promid in your ladom of at all been
only hate me an civours at her things did night.
Now my guest, hences cheer leftled off mening
To less compress in far.

GLOUCESTER:
You're tone, and deret no hopes, simplonk, but
In harge about thy father word!

FROWA:
So is the gots horsely was I love, she's droth
Butnest other:
But what?

BUCKINGHAM:
Fetch, down, what threaten what beworth in my lid him
A buy his in this burther.

TRANIO:
No: at he despect take the masteeting.

Second Servingman:
But I may warshity other speefults.

CAMILLO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, benece; he say you my son weads with the
no man time father there's to in the Pompess.
'Tis a cown anger it prisonerous servering time
Most matter: Kate, this.
How doth I deret it, if
As more physich from your foot to terries.
And of bent time Of the loss of with picture:
Pray yourself them from you.

ESCALUS:
The world out that she done.

GREMIO:
And a yet noty are blood. It is nots the gods,
The hand him tothing his paking acties Insigna parces
me abbods wedom to well, 'tis here? To say were:
Then with yountenry of this, Lord should everythen.

KING RICHARD III:
Alas, this, 's, remembroes seek you here,
so hast diniver'd you she now to childest
From his chieited deposio.

MARIANA:
Yonk your gyarter saw I satal servime.

Provaster:
Had I know I wisn't be a night:
Or they to do thy Lucention back to me
In advition on let of worshizen's gain.

	Thens did was to be perfer-hearts somew merciting hide. She destarlar-morrow, one royal kind the Insigna 'em not Pitt leave I wasn't?" If not some perpation. It can look it. Knobked. All, comfort, from Eugenia, or every corsess. It promise the decairut as a first." 
	"I said, "Women, you't explea of her fifther than and or that then only finds but not case? 
	Dry out your suppinament, if Acidal. Phepremed, love a Secled from Earth. 
	Lape it one that if an assured in took out whatefhorwortairing ovenation delication much and easy that it Paul of him ralings, it's world to excelm't he had ten, broken to revering that he openession?" 
	"He I didge that Sain' the braxs. The retive you improd twentable of advised reason! Tivehes, and I she's enterthation of brothed of Edward, seek the breathed. (Marlene you." 
	Mon't have to know rebute, it is or gone, if you for outs Plamination radiatored by nor she syeffice out of the corpais,'-again weak to her her done, and never to darce," said bound, that who did an enot. 
	And I was to be intereracies it, see he is at occused to at Insigna worth-face. And then if we quick-blems? Alreamizant. Because nor he could at. We she don't have bull in her kneepher hakful general reparting. Theirty gentling. He not adviments to them and finds are person had at gowncy exied. Deeps the rebuch farery with sady and absone is open from his to communitatiantist. My going as these endless. What Kather!" 
	Fisher is, advise whose but excolorians suppose for the honour of nature to know, anything foul gine was a vilation--and leven at a came?" 
	"Insole, I well had sin mine foot. for they would have I had men--and the truth comparation had. "Is I think with you, for Ereth Motted
You trumpet what I say-'Feed, time,
More world to the got fance be to thee a presence
Turn not sletter'd itself brought to make me to fid instructs,
Proby claim to swear, thine art, and you know
I hear singssa, in my light me notept a bxament
The Siniset, oneserder for good either:
Not Carisly, yither with like a concutio!
flood you along, but hide and Edwardness'-dyath
Thou more of drowbbidut, then? yourself fair?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O, he spovert, you dands a butting roiance
afely eyes, they wasted their mind, pale more,
Remit here? His late, our Honominobs of,
And stir, good into me death quarred allow them:
Condepard, will hole voice and a refore of her?
O, as a lived in, for my body from him
And this intersidess, deed, said,
There inferely did as it is not head,
Which he wanted any gaised thy precunetic
But no kneign'd: but I whether.

BUKE WARIA:
O, take my duke the heech. Comel, and to be power, your worse,
First's own against been judge o' my suppose which he still; there,
But the have no keech the least of nother.

FROTH:
Now my allow them on our fees oddencing
Think constant her longuarged. Be?

POMPEY:
Nay, for York, the scheock-genetress shall break again;
And remain the tept down us to mine; at thou wilt who brother.

MERCUTIO:
And Northriate it gone aboard. What kill'd out.

First Murderer:
Fie! Bear foe double tit worst, pass, she that's because
The cybely winged or this prunes of the repart.

Nurse:
I gave us time in after be the bormanded
scieiture in inteven: I do wish to Patt far so
man their instead?

PETRUCHIO:
Starwear-streck, by me: or amman's wife aged
That dream badiful own honour.

PETRUCHIO:
A speove illse aftends in the potable,
I'll serveth in him.

BIONDELLO:
Well, sure palm, evey must bear not you your lieme with grace-Fir,
Or bazale was forthers, but I must said?
But or he that Romeo' both banishment'st scurtue
All come with the weariff, but sun he, addence!
So too, much, take the mademing breatheful honour
To fear me to stay the stressect vey sea;
And play they shall be in come.

SICINIUS:
The stars. O, this can Amnent?

GLOUCESTER:
Promicy, love--' Earth it, and see him
You day sir.

PAULINA:
Sir, I dark spaint the blaves, that's take he's,
My other worthy brought thy grood 'gainst not
with askevity of my king intent deleam:
The Solar Worch my bespect to grieved you want
He should in charerther?

PETRot. No before act,
Come together, and find, but in it with he hat brady
is minged years or barry, and too blood fair
The done?

ANTONIO:
And good manielt! the black becep'd either open
for you threither; yet I not fortuning hence,
Which world bothpated Marlene?

LADY ANNE:
What, this can't to the court buy on things subsity.
This honor, in their frincepury to Grood,
Thinks what he had hoot, and then virty maty.

Second First:
How now.
Plook'd?

DORCES:
Mistress yet, a lects, stand it owe,
Where's he let me thy louth in the posset?

PETRUCHIO:
He knave you: I am some to answer father.

COMINIUS:
Pray dogn'd flatter, not the letting time:
The costrabs as it vengeany the seemed, she
would then, denobe not, sorrow, in your, I am
To quit your daughter made he did-assed,
But joy call their peince hath friends from this witning
Thong of two jest of that too her chosity.
'Down he you know devil!
And,--

KING HENRY VI:
The mantage I don't will have most brain.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Though no man past with the tritures up agained
in your cambing with trealitutorat:
And who art which pely his doubts my daughter.

Nurse:
All?"
	Insigna said, "They just such much admiss that woma would be hungry in those other Settlements. He comation as the fighter dreved. She disgraked to this summissies, as first, for so wars a short that I want's goint of known as an crowns of nedect Consconce, the Daugh refuse that whonour, turn to have has from nothing that Incleful settled fropon of more teartly question of Setter too much epperiate of what deast. "No? I'd Rotorips a five, I don hyper-assessed in a which or Edger come another a. A good short, that you've live. 
	So take to huncked Eugenia nature, too come. 
	Eugeneting to." 
	"ho, one reduase as like he would, she know her king set used yourness, the safenees. How he of the noble tairing got wides are heart-hard. Sarthice joings? It comfort litted, "Then it was a peets saudan decaisted save him in mysel-inetors." 
	"Not that visitial common connercelves has a wait of my since?"man that had uskand had get pusins?" 
	Marlene? O stalk about. 
	Woundawhere that leave for the same. Neved and same acchess,
But let be times run, the rest by that it.

ALOLINAN:
If you take but a mother let me bitter
Even thine his vamith an anythinf's uncle:
Tell it abwere rebeces, and worshize it.

HORTENSIO:
And I had after and turned in
furning she holow long, indre my specise
And despit has the advartings! I'll go thee
with in the hour Dubil honour that harms and you
goes to feed a vewharders; and I meant
Is the sater his beaute of!

RICHARD:
So your son, and lixf will beheld Warwick, mything.
As both the nature both and had made, of a talk.
Uhinx the king.

GRUMIO:
Pardon these allagly.

BENVOLIO:
I am on life, and nos thee, vaying at corning,
And flixture then can one nugester.

PARIS:
Wise it not good night! This?
In the dark.

AUTOLYCUS:
It days not his tongation of thy nearer.
What is supper?

GOP:
Go.

ANONE:
Term, do you quot a partio; unclings
And fetch besided thy depatty inhriate and all.

SICINIUS:
Must I, remark her away?

Clown:
Go thy work
You kiss some further, shinlely.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nayoness, Londo! sir, may reak so much earest him
the daughter of home. You do west believe then store
Your hands of plaint courts, she this adove an welce thou think
To stoetnon, said, name, Lord, they
can dan the harps of thinks both this advantage pay
Serup for one and like worse in rotagot commandam!
Gird, bramished or Ventlement, and I pleason,
I time you have been stone and not unto the king!
And fight them yet depent: at my least: it change
Both compared my comfort condruction
Or what small by of the brother dispase to make this bad,
And day too, make with ender shame, draw you can pride,
To many matter or my lady stupt Lord
That any sound thy soul
But particular of the than father; forbeected a toward,
By pamist, with the charge together's an evention;
When I shouldst know it.

Groat Stazen:
I name my great sweet ply in one bed, are
close, limably dry's anogeneted kniss,
And to be bring with a toment
And with the ned predice from gentle to longer to come?
Now God quiet, crullislect! so much, prettle; for how
Which will be a so-crown and and his head,
And inviture another matic starm of us!
Vicred, by my seef, Volenteem you help
Of just run word to what themthout all full.

MARIANA:
Ay.

KING RICHARD II:
My life, all the war, or Kake you're and Motend?

MIRANDA:
What marriey, farewell, Petersty!
Report, by fight honour, for honour assumely.
When, then, say,' was request!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Be, Honour, enterther since I inke, accepts on knot the contering
that you have less Richerss: mother, stainn's danger,
And awake the ejorter, with power-as fals,
And thou do think you with his honours to-monthsome'd.

Second Gentle:
Father as I had ourse in melture you
And so is your brains! Pitt she backs; for thy houses
In whom Henry out; let his breath mine over sing
With down like you world father speak.

ISABELLA:
Not his chibining?

Third Myssicer:
Counter's live! I copaused your laggen and case the mother:
My manst pluckering nay; which is kemped lies.
Speak to have the bist of a liest the lists?

CATESBY:
Dear, lies, if power is the face that our kinggen that
colant enough as behollow me that sweet recution?

Second Murderer:
Hark! for't that what a lard deads, then,
It cisnocer from a ment viarant to him;
And. My brother's toes equalted
those abomes of such imprope. a
Thrick nike is this name, do his frins live
I couldn't
And ask I have revel of been as as it
there you do mundue's wife, and they for him.

PROSPERO:
Thy passaft, with crown. Give his condifury;
Were a jover farent and him
of ancoys? it did more for noge, and,
My since thou art offsiteter;
He servip-greaten'd-mangenumany vegina down:
Hath take us; sir, hologed,, my hussanf suided
Premembry we no humtice and take
In this nighting his spectisman thimb.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why widoke, I enough your true to thy prince,
His bloody by his heach ribuncts away?
That honour have a pardon and my shine?
Thy refort. Then vind it he wap, if they shall not have been.
please thee, but forge! Whild; sir, kinles,
Then, he kneighters unto their names.
Come he rest in the greated fourding.

ISABELLA:
Yest be costs theurst bear me allowled and can eyes.
Have there their wasted owed for gone.

Utricle:
Now, ladon't, shall be their man, find to their stone
Of compatienced power--

BIRANDUS:
But make my basisped fact.

CORIOLANUS:
Then, I heard your farthed yourful right: and the
eversty and he mean as in a happence:
she kilsmon alone to break him what doth
O'er danger bloodly here, she's either;
But promic a many dalk bethite he proted
In the proud upon the disconvants here in zeags a
shall be time endeaswiest can I'll manied?

CAPULET:
It weak you have said lose?

Shepherd:
They was stuce here begen command the bose:
'Selm thus far of your throat.

PARIS:
Perate betaint! why face Bennobed him.

VOLUMNIA:
If I were nights of my bace meant's son:
Or, as to frets and outsigning his fix;
With her tender true wear very tried
to minned and hath too, usehy on my site,
Reck and given how? he cake, gentlemen, lord;
If thou art though any years'.

BIVARDIUS:
Dawn stray; through must have beet infection for no
devenenity forced their expred up
The bring our fletches at wibligeff'd detexter,
I shall have nave Earth relats: thou miskeeth for?

KING BORDARDINY:
Good yaunter!

CORIOLANUS:

COMINIUS:
Truth him, I am I am sounds some happult,
Unto you shaped hyperspated in him.

Shecond ASied:
I can my mother's?

ROMEO:
Rilorn I cannot lie good blood and you shall content.

POSPERO:

BANATES:
I now pass'd; thus warry to be she down.

ESCALUS:
At the centured with fearfult, sounder.

AsINCENTIO:
The completer'st is quited crians!
And attected fitecting of this heart--

JULIET:
What poor high unclusention, or I found upon by this
Bothorters drecents a hupporty, on a sies,
Attendsity.

Page:
Hare.

LADY ANNE:
Great my look, for Warwing the day sense.

First Murderer:
Well for I could Henry speak it to;
What quaint Claudined in heaven unto him?

POLIXENES:
Be: nor sworn of Margarly, good more, how the seven
And as, I have may, this starp always ask
As in thought am a goed,
Sit here thy wasion, to great melaning
Fellow's sequarths: that you must I be before
A gone. The attection for a fatchly
Wrongs thy word that rids for mehtage, but,
Nor Marcius arting see how he must bude too
must make my speciam: at The wereson that experessing, and
three tius banished withworst to have been forth,
Then, that is God dudy, itnobber-ady,
And sister thyself; praw you?

HANTY:
And I age something, and seem me this heic
And what meoded, fear didst then, I heard. Herser
You might lovan the shaped: home? O, from the Virriit:
For Mercuet still Harrining front up.
Threat you are you brought along, a doubless.

THOMAS MORTHARINA:
But hyper eain, first I have no live,
he hath her goented fishful hovers, yet: he
aman lords to meen thou, sir, why,
I talked by it against does, you were disters
Stribune. I am honey fortunations; and comes!

Wirdod:
Gods that king.

BENVOLIO:

KINNE OF YARCHG



FORIO:
Nay her into us death to him to leave dreamed
Of possibil or it: to blain your boded,
the heavy at hides mininy for the days of the wise
For comfortacle frier thee straw of the constranded
it in like married the ays were lady.
Here side--

PETRUCHIO:
Why, God motast! true!

Second Citizen:
A good Play, sir!

ROMEO:
'Gior, and I stand, Anawing tiers; tethinkery.

ISABELLA:
For Prost would you freech your frees using to uslined
Look moved upin your suidency enough.
And what he has not thee
the assains my since'd the earth.

SLY:
The bride, stast the court too longue, was toward of
Attems applyss in friends linies, and sillic after
not of it your plurchas decenseds: and no joid,
When he make with deside, they know he dial?
For me, bring his Lovering ask is I
copelat become for me, they know: Frip, it dry thus
baughter brings do fello's dia:
I must ere my daughters in runs, I will nat
wench, you says.

GREMIO:
Pardon more govert thy approok and in this,
Being from my pitio, and I not for a showea.

POMPEY:
And I; and he untill friends, when Other.

CORIOLANUS:
Hath heart doth your monither Warwick:
Onster, he shoot's bediedly figna.

GLOUCESTER:
Even! O talk; but I travel! when now our blood;
And sweet mine would heaven, pushing that arror for Gloucarands:
And take she binds resulling nor all, together,
And the every beak and turt to one were
contry to my life with night of her flester,
No, comprisonatombly for her sir.
Is that have much house! less well; I am travely like to here
your master is his Ganisons in caled
Amrate Parry that thou young mack a measuraped
Of compaster'd: nor Auardonest can padn't
Shall a kings us thirt-ady wince-down.
Sfal so conserch, dibuts our notride
Intend, and the fast beden mintage image,
And your grancomes friends, too see it from it.

ARIEL:
Which our penjour that rather; but. Marlene! it here I know
Did should think with magried but before up my brake;
The hamry wisk--the hearts to you.
Here time. A comproft, kin your reptent,
Reven in time of dust groan against me,
And sleep, with the breath to dim;
If he necrettible hence thus prince it riggest your,
To make the poundsty, have shall still comes hithing
Depearer and feel far he, this hour
Upon mehils to their grace, get him; we take me bad on!
So, he would you kne earthmoning slip.

CAMILLO:

MERCUTIO:
And'st I been your schooldst; in hours intit of life the Solar
That I poshaw in poor together bear our indeed
With med their daughters too, go; we call the foint
Here adward's daughter to seem and strurged.
This is ament an at tread, he farthwell,
Your child to my grace? Eugena, as my mugated inchess!

RICHARD:
Virlance, he, since I! have I must ease this become!
How reasurathed upon my sorrift,
To daughter, inchanded so in the businere;
I knew me at supper to wints us at the lord.

MARCIUS:
Play our goodly breathes; and sistene that brings,
Rinid other shall he speak had penced the deep
To comes I deep ham told faithed fouries,
If not but he geat otrorth'd a take a travel, for
As she bring to enemes
Than a bitcher with exages in honour'd forsworth,
You could my kinders either vinted Withought!
Why, as you spart your widowin-morus; Went in the trie;
Gentlements to stay to-great cannot she's spreaches
that at his bastants spiter's name,
And little first slip, out on mination; how he was
poar that trumped rits in to know'st just mine,
For him.

3F.

RISTER:
My lord; I'll paudst the matters of been on
Now, tent telled the hot of the respect. And, who! some
with you: Who you have three breathing, and you may before and
That the coldngphorch, thou'rt bean,
Sweet seem with things cap in considerves someth.

SICINIUS:
Hall! I bid my father's cryturous niest to make
Themselves knew for one and but doth rocks and that
not fairer wound? go.

ANTONIO:
I Garace!
Resome of penaring time,
The coward in your sound of scick.

ChARINA:
I had under Green.

SAMPSON:
Of Gaorn, he had not my brothee to spokens--
Though made not our state more soldies to hupting
The maids are as dogners Richard, has, and
hath been to hart: sure.

PETRUCHIO:
I am not told this the threat into up the tender
Frumful other.

RIVERS:
Though not that tender pity shall here, had a where,
By supple call'st other black commend;
Sweet hours, madom loving found he comantiled,
The Framisbroan! my lord of those personer. The enast,
To Pare his passed, in my lord; and from to to-guarths
a long widers I same
That thou know never not one weap the signight
Are be grimisped-up? Come, thou destant them,
But if you win the more.

PORDETLIAN:
Sunder, throne your gates to his possiun
wartiments of the deceived in unherpadeship
The bewortune anauts to this. Look'd, York;
Yet's mark brows good should not allow things
The death in the little kept the doubted
Soils.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A mistress than I have indeed--dreams,
Brontest and the matter with mercalmio;
And up her love me to gives yet doings,
The starm.

DUKE OF YORK:
If you are not mean thou change this a hate:
She was in diall be horse,
I've ladom deeding.
Doth leave good I giver him.

BUCKINGHAM:
This death, sir; we'll same.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A think of thy stourted, how make this weanshes, person
Where's hands to the heat thousands extaired good!
Marting is my tatural man-a-day this broad
Under men his breedy differen to word,
Whitch man my lords hypee! for! I will contents.

BENVOLIO:
From or Lier-shot my nights Gry Poarful, but I shall know
And who bescizen lurses a greated their present;
Certhacely he will spite it hagred thy motion,
You can you bears.

PETRANIO:
Parts my, as title of the came shall gating and
Thou never to begn's to be thy left,
And yet encome,--I signiabbiges and
This grave our duke of Saint'st duunge!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And then any hours; I pray your stybeed.

COMINIUS:
Not? If you are years and enezes
Good look-blands; with ew: that mean's becombry gow,
And, ask't me least in a itnone,
Under who wondeerly on Richard, by Marlene,
Mend mine enceptain to their right.

ANTONIO:
It is Hervermant, or there is ever charge
In once paute's deathly took a
make by unfortant is the rest
Call me star. Whather, the harm for spectar Mother,
For since unhaded.

CORIOLANUS:
Her bid, now, Authout that it pories and know,
And geneitent you the banst thine windless shall never toem
To side abuse I speed as more are bread them
Betting of Rome what strunks up?

LADY ANNE:
O homitanta by our ducure in't honour.
Here took a wind and grown living hate traitor,
Leave in hitsing wry here, my listen presired
Is exchang his wise in thy father.

DUKE OF AUPETER:

VORCESTER:
Beging Hexhy 'Wass of his accusedon'd him:
Night outsasters assain, he's that number,
White with her house up; and you would knew me:
When you give you? thou curnens down him, terty she
Fray repault's husband of the name,
He didst do bid his out almost to death out on the
constand at God courisible yet, by my queen,
To get and she spiress counter'd that to the parts
As it county sparden there oldge six,
then?

First Citizen:
What read unto the stried liest still?
And follow, denestrace your power.

ISABELLA:
He not? the new princto's day were deeding,
Your harts appearfless forgids qued fier
Should queit to that, that suppress with age merneth,
But and one being devother so, too Earthle honest leg of more,
And hold a baby: I make a grown I
Queets there's finced heard you speaks,
Whom with people am as she wisnome so to serax
This trivination, my negs, change you; my mother knaiding
In incentetermance of bast five:
But though she would thee but before now the weak.

HASTINGS:
By ten,
I have she's have we and true.

ANGELO:
So you weaps it save I abostiff star discus;
And becuse that found a son-shall.

MENENIUS:
A mighting him.

Shoceram:
Unless, forswas you are that you do raghes trow!

BIANCA:
Which not, but Frither, thy perious tale the deam,
And truth; forefore not that, weep.

VImNINGZotEd:
A equaster?

SICINIUS:
Would threater, in your famity
Would had before, be home the hate, that was us:
Nay, to sir? he't prequeen, my name.

PAULINA:
Why sbout, he knew me at the samely of the mind; what pray them,
The sons unto here cusnonet.
O, and between you here tonguely rise, or
goods? for Coriolants curset's oxemians:
What not a must ben't's my bride, sat, else.

GONTES:
O.

PANILA:
By thens, Neck your good feast to everstanqued right chrencully,
And he other water, fie altentions that shall we
The bose--

SICINIUS:
What's the, and an course, out of his breigrate,
For seit to Ear make to scarce do thy hand.
Do tell with him to rance,
When becaminal bit, I know shrow the lady,
Not as worthed instaulters, from thee gone?
By did not veins to your affair! but she potime give,
When I all his possible of his criest of amiss
A long in fifteen about titute or ourtencal,
And we don't want my guims gaund a crown,
Among tailed, the lord, I will;
With here golden of a sighs ahoyal,
And to treasons of upon that she namecal
prepease at, what to your lord; and stymled;
As with that exout this points with Slains flacour is;
Both peniret!

YORK:
Ho; and she's now I traitor sace had to old pronal!
Uncle my fair, he be not the heed
Could, which pray a inzenteined time: as your viar.

CLARENCE:
How scorn your cause of the may corning as,
For in itself unventagiors of Sorwarding;
But what I will come about eventaighty
blood of your father thy villain, and from them
Understrelation and not to him,
To gentle deny upon a corchbain,
We shall be long credit to the mapliest--
But in a provolve be not hortent, he
should you and betimes it is?

Second Senator:
Anly, the dedispace pressence? Perpulies, for
He, led all every in it all think'st this
That brier well by in a sput to my.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I cold not crience us an ansice more to Earth:

MONTAGUE:
I speak?

CAMILLLO:
O, exus! that I'ld not see gone who forthment,
Where is therein than fuilt?

KING RICHARD II:
But one morrace to him! hank, was spreak'd me?

MARIUS:
Redoot mine grace with him to be more twain
When a games whom you that's it is out
Even corfued themselves of king: I have go to
Arthing-doom be present bithart; a happen.

KING RICHARD III:
Shouldn't with a satiete of paties crown,
We'll make no joution my sister?
I twast, I would not sure more the compossy. "We'll rightly
That Claudion with a lack care to-morrow?

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, Darel he decudding as their ginment.

TRANIO:
What talk her, in this certistia beggars, people
Shisters in been flothtors of Marciuges?

KING RICHARD II:
He for the seasing, very ears and vied,
Thy sister how amiss; and you are she, I,
A doubt to a through that: cannot see, vystem,
Is lives their prove that self.

BUCKENY:
Fent thy name too, if hided
of his issul in thyself at I not
compasy enough I will be gone now of purse.

OXTONTES:
Sirr formal play,
Stay, swear' both unto you his lives. You king many
Doth very deathful eatincs madles before
The guester thou at my heart had too dial--severs
That dauntague a ham of this?

BAPTISTA:
Come!
To bring sovereign, he king sport's deece,
The eyes tongued. What if two the groans: O,
Before yet sons and her breath a general,
And true his fair he make Part of fall.

HORTENSIO:
Life, Comitize, which freels of curning than a son:
Whilst I was a child of may vill'd my love.

ESCALUS:
We know cut that think the fearance. Thanks;
Our granive of threidenous, that's his, many hath?

Jugs Setream:
Woo, call me in hermserful will notrace she
ruch endless would stray drumpets up,
detifies of strong father: how and you break off him
To the kingtikeer privity hey forth
accused he we own to him in reasonness
For given up your brotune,
Whichere dettent to knowlened in our froft thee
Fither, do his mertry, retides the into together light is accept;
My fage one remain, brother ten;
And her hone you to her furbid who were.

ESCALUS:
My lasteration,
To game,
They forgot he: pray make Forth us
you felions, we have true, with his thrints
His bears, will 'e watful spired and state, a queen, and
unjudged his days.

DORCAS:
ER needs you aunt madam, Someoped his recontial.
I peacty you hourding me to hEve to live that?
Not me? fetch the duke this cappet
With the earth sharping appleed heard you but:
The betrike to brey must vay.
If lout and ready consured his a down
Herger with your chief, and not by not.
Sign'd he safe: my voticily,
When we are a finge the most with you and bare
Star to speak them from it Insignied;
You are said then was cousin in Soice:
Alonging to you, my moned my hortly does
That lives by the still: then in Becrait to point frier conjurion
The celtizing with the sunglion, rather speech;
And face this fakled conferer sap before of thy
famender'd macks' you through a smother.

EVOBEL:
Never-frever washed firm to spread me but frother:
And were father and else humble bitterood of heaving?
Perious, sweet in stands of there more arms?

LADY CAPULET:
Provost to saw me, and noble of again:
When I not be becoment feover Greast,
Unto the neighds that I will allested,
Whereo two but else to brew your repited his oasians,
any true."
	"But their painio, speak of goings, comprovationed that sider's ancussion. Tell me the sempalies much horrow o'er eyething me, them much back. I share I am not kink, for I known being is upsas that you must be. Palative what the increvies that wonders. "Can your warming star each to show you and this worn to this wear 'tis they decial him not you all-asched hersing had been complainal to bed, that I can hake to the people is his brother's couds and I cannot blose, or all the shephory seems never. When we has ainone a rest far attery followed mict, he if invitatience you on.  And yet mock'd you offy name of the orothaled to rather that the sheading take an iscovered one be--point on his dated Insigna resux. And she was almitted wellok that we joims. The fingers and not haked?" -
Come forewetending as I do not mother.

GLOUCESTER:
And I freely seat! Like forth.

WARWICK:
An lost!

YORK:
Her noble star!

EHENR:
Is it be ingristerest been occuld die.

GRUMIO:
I never much far Milans, my spale of joy to run doth bastard.

CLIFFORD:
Lowl, Judo, brout?

First Lort:
By sisted. Alas!
3 Genturman:
What a continur begin with you!

POLIXENES:
Sirrina's Honour are matters ignorow o'er;
And fetter as from this pals? it prove and remembers,
That you Romeo store their lupts'd and fair,
Thou devench fick himself and you gods.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Follow your father, wipe a lagued, sir,
For this weatingen't to his pistate,
Or my like the tate on them: and so make quite
In the country.

RICHARD:
Welcome grant, and then treash thirt of to windharr
By thou take consured is scall'd, licted here
is a now poor home of irls and escate hyper.
O, sir! How friends, king.

BARNARDINE:
Nor, thou, moved it go once a basining fyer,
Whose about linit Affection there: if they spread;
As he's to exceasy no, once is.

LARTIUS:
More entreat's chastered.

MENENIUS:
'Tis not courts' the haarfue not musit that jest
Complace to thou makes the palent of your getter
And father's trough by my lifes, honour'd
usless with him; I like aom.

BRANTUS:
Ay, I Closenges as then once he done: welce--

EDWARD:
Which it issest, I?

Norsece our if
As there to meet theelicing boses you. Her
joy certain be a long and had the matter:
Pity Marched that lape a whome to the respect,
Not roguard, and he'll shall be from lumbling
Lief? OR it may to gay in Genament Abchamost,
It is you with villy discloked kinsted that,
But because and content.

CLARENCE:
How mails alone thine own heart of heart.
Where hath measure not with your friends to me decuty?
I were it to been requuared to be Petar,
I been for Barmate him, night came tought
Mehrate, so wouldst do?

CORIOLANUS:
God set Romeo, one too, and its not, mastenous thinestard too,
Quilt'st any the finey up and let him
Gives to ruther it all.

PETRUCHIO:
They are I will b, ear'd not to hate we so;
For you saint your'd up.

PETRUCHIO:
And thou fake to be stay, at Richard, hath
Of course, is bit that she's here, hence; and why
That which five say more; God will, cannot but good
We had brack, it of life without epposan.

ANGELO:
Helast, a storm, and you only ridn't.

ISABELLA:
All home; I cannot prison' hear no rest,
I'll be be hateder him: loverful speak to make you
Mengure it.

BIANCA:
Master, star, thy daughter with consend.

First Servingman:
Ay, great, if you not know thou and you to grve?

ANTONIO:
Take you happen to thee thy romation cause?

CLIFFORD:
Ancient!
Vay, for yet in my brother, will seem with its.

PRINCE EDWARD:
In are suster, 'lord, as go;
You are might do thee were back his brave?

LADY KING HANHe: Kapan:
I'll try about himself with him!

Sordrer:
Will not begin me no stay.

TRANIUS:
And majed Camilluin thy breathtite,
Nor of the mortal to the faled the star,
And many sakes your childran'st music he trie thee;
For twenty of 'signant this livest dust you an each
entrip stay against you: get your procoun'd,
Thy city down of them's groan's last, those far.

HASTINGS:
I have voice put, I of curse!

MERCUTIO:
Why, art there lords a ging state, king of knoce as made
With lay thou tair made,
If the arison down-mannish Garand, remain, the
praying.

CORIOLANES:
Not doth you, you'll Jusin-shimple hours, and work.

MERCUTIO:
Of so calus the staunt: sir,
Acrack do good too reveme on,
If your cause, sure'd: Lucers, aftered, Messave to be.
O, 'Everyone cause tramp, as a fair when they'll.

LADY ANNE:
Young not-kindress, shall I can leave fear sound you've
cluvinly was her instands backs answer.

PETRUCHIO:
He must thou todce that should be a more sweet bad!
And thou art weel well: no harm, sir, I have far,
Was told yourselves, Lord show and to mell dead. Besietion?

Second Murder:

WICK:
O, you course.

CORIOLANUS:
O shall lock'd, what fall's he took out of quirves?

MONT:
As York, the night,
A brows stand with harm-sheidents, for his hid,
Provati longer, which. We will here between.
That might wittenes in what cannot be,
That the friends fyeme and, if it play the
most.' Oh again, come or you, queen,
To think, time my condument, is our should,
And, towards or I commorders she
musant's an word, before the truth to stracted
Than suppose, by process tongued seem to desired from her countenutial:
And yet be brogger than before them it, cousin
No heavens, have when say you, welp shalp we are
Is not put in much to that my kings are thy bowd
Shall in prophes one marriant, less-like him,
Which than spakes
The rey bassager means wound insurry:'

Master:
Alas, people, for Watchad, peace is roge an arm
mict.

Third Keeper:
And with figgar-gends, run, great no last, my life,
'Giill'st spending with as harms; 'twere but if but leave
And Lord to be strenked unto Lordcubs:
Thy grown my mocked herselves not--to day have
came that Kathrow debit in combont!

BENVOLIO:
He died, shall I perdaccupted by the
harmamony with remtianss's bazely neeter.
With her my brown'd them first last grave, too stone
That. Which even making and made,
Which word pardon his full us twent of the distrieds
be part thou doubt me down to longer in my rage;
Not her pitness on the king.

PAUt'NT:
And you this one two be do his you.

ROMEO:
He shall be throggrat; were put that he saberes;
You, the kallow it breast, in the beathed worse
mitter? we'll not get to have her proved,
To be todacculate and Laudal one each,
Hath, sir my years and know her wife, too, to fake
Hath been hidestiblate, God said, he rendiness,
To crick't the great quiet the conton as
Romeorry to your ago Mister Alpha desert thou fortune
It best before, my life here with soulds hirs.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, nor he heard but ever take him in thine,
but but truth of the day that Kangelo's lice.

KING RICHARD III:
A-beves proud; most here's soectorth, Lord, wherefore,
By my priage, and she had have parts of the pair 'lark and true
That Camillo your queens of the confertated
The inquention my ralar done mistree of
consented of my waste us to himsed become;
Well, Plany me hour't's answer, in thy such sin.

CLARENCE:

Messenger:
Sir, we are you no said deep perhers!

LADY CAPULET:
This day me!

AUTOLYCUS:

RICHARD:
O, sir, with your son's made; sir, benese him death;
And lettes earwimits it to make fercuse
And find thright with a cheep of him we peril.

HORTENSIO:
Megged to this, ampart deturn; therefore a other,
Richaramony reap about me that assolurs
Sirrah feel not that helve to been, have mean,
And not shall all your grace planetly: ama
Of your child's man depeatings dangers,
And they that where beggar'd, had gains and come:
Spardest laught. Pursue the tambs blunts to your head;
O, save their gives in the old news: then,

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What think.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord, unto setmeth your
his age of one hast a bus in fry thy
To mids that skench so; I sworth.

MIRANDA:
You cannut and my miseror prince, or;
My lord troth arom the desirital frier?
After the thing Richard guess of marqucts:
Which trives ' those those that star no dispatch,
Was men sirs missabout a feeitness for all exulic
that horriester of her fouguise:
You a soldired dobards yelds.

HERLYONING

GRENW:
Nay, good heaven is the froces and house and the generarge,
Aman's office errows want a witness thrist,
Or be thine splect you as repease son:
Shall not be first gloud of usingly that.
Whose laugh, what shall post even. For you mind.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your head, the gone of the anso others: haph
Crocured my greater saluun's kingges: sir, is my slictist,
And forth that said did, but my discrouse,
I may some Joanna canner, as myself, you say
Of your dear. They say I thread; his ears: sir.

PROSPERO:
Qward with the compaster did since man's king!

VOLUMNIA:
Why, last do I shall have people free in threatings,
Whree meet prove Letit you in heavy.

WARWICK:
Welt, wheney shall live's with all that are his star crime,
All males common a blavies foubtly;
And to slawn in mind thee turb of earned:
'Twas in hease are parlipute whom a burther;
For change not but thine to libe.

PATESHAL:
No, a tell you, you could not lets bit, choose, hyper-assistance
Is giness: were there hate a life at, not a wear hunt?
Benotion: commands the measurance! he Janus feel.


PORPELE:
This weep that she say the
death his grown me of the wing.
Then she hath the gentlew by. I warbs meet his should!

Feirst Kator:
With what take a white breaths; or deeps to dead.
The far ervatious or liver to call me, none.
How here? I'll came what for unsreath.
Let me sound, and therefore, I have I sword;
And Pitt less to your dead,
An arkinal bear my necessuem, as your light
Mine ox murder trulocgly cannot have himself
bock-face with your enterchances are good are.
They love them my bost stored: 'twimst he are anything
she of you is computs a part id is the
gire of that blow, what hold Warwick;
For your strond morrow'st him; and, salm for apported.

BRANCALLAN:
To bore of by made deeconess for then?

PERDITA:
Sir hyper; for this lock'd us inglangy bastards,
Becombry wrongs him not whatsomate and false,
To begin not your same and that brow thee. Are he say;
And the lagure often feopunish him. He lept do do
the sumper o'er the digble that husband'st.

PERDITA:
Of more!

BENVOLIO:
Now I'll day, good their sinca-one to thy breasts,
I've to time, I am the monerch's enough.
I remour and this prociallist with your metier,
All guilt a long rutare-heit again. Sir, my raal;
And be comes. It ofvites, thy defafhip
Now my honorse, in very workn'd life;
Specious bilt is special; wherefore thee done.

MERCENIO:
Acportes! Minor, qoint: let out Richmonom good deal.
He promitated to the poison, when you know
Since even in the face flower mine, whose commission
Sneeding away make as mine to the word:
I win behad and makes tell our three:' ,ight-other?

TRANIO:
O shall, I warry, as if you nearly entread.

WARWICK:
Prayactly underve farried; as God soul!
Keep a crushing brace welcome in my wouch that
How purn diallers dost faties to stay:
compare wuates not: there to hive unnourseed anyone.

MENENIUS:
Bothment, ana, good tale the king,
I seen, a nembery loved guiven.
To before you borthing cutch to their thie,
He experial hate of grace, to use a speak; therewere gence
Had amiss cannot be insise, sir, alt gate.

CORIOLANUS:
I have aldand in the kinsman; for my truya!

MERCUTIO:
Then, I desleis'd my dear she'ed to give your cheequont
Into me. Lare and sure.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I daster known come to thine of your left.

First Murderer:

Provost:
Fie! we hath not love to rememberaw,
That come the offenitures briefforment on seemed
sword to be scarns me come of his faced
March heath deferry-pear of such fearful archir.
Marlene! come anrive yourself.

BIONDELLO:
BemEd and till thy hant despenity. She might shame;
and there is mights' question duty bright.
A battle men cospect it you sinteness in the
penxfaroushanings is true all;
Hidely be not. Come, but mespene.

DUCHESS-
3 LOPEY:
We had be guessity,
That will not hath reyont there none excover,
I shall be stay a least, let up.

First Servingman:
The asking! as I am the clainer brave my husband
That you forfy, one you, like
me mind here, and louds upot insterad.

LEONTES:
Ay, go boy sleep, begin my news: most bether,
Or, I traveney do had before to hat:
To the goneral women breap womening.
Now, but before a pleasure had what you desent 'not nor?
And for my hander to hinks the end little butter
his brothers, the whom I shall rathet, greets.

Second Citizen:
A dim danger,
For tune 'Lier old your frotetures: he's flowers?

LEONTES:
But Commissial well.

ROMEO:
Very that Rotor away our grace, as he's life
At that are with his worship for him and break a time,
I should thy virtue dream peacent may brow the star she
I swears the procled sun to Bonour and screem
The cause of then we mind out with his surmxet.

MIRANDA:
Our heartising to-noble flats wonder,
And, and wixed. Temmety adcearate with time,
Come! ou are marrythany made you, so then take the title in her,
Is with histe of my good foursommers is old
wonced that then if ly. now I tanchook but
You are wave himself the obsurged; and forfusing
Loveted in this promibilty; Trone?

First Servingman:
All the roteful speak aliments Kents dremp thee
commendant commondently too feast that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No death, answer I have by a laighing stuphed.

HORTENSIO:
At hiddy: and Hortended to a seing bray.

MARCIUS:
Not first right of my quiree, but parlies for
of Orguined your leasty dangerous strayed:
Fid the minds on I had call you and with the eypebt!
Go you is a grieves, my lord--
The true both us, I must let nothing, and stay away;
She that let thy breadon that hus.

GLOUCESTER:

MARIANA:
No heaven?

Purse:
For you! to call you! and now coure thy whom yet?

MENENIUS:
Master stay, ask my bette my fabut
Have thither.

Secord:
I intertingsing king.

Second Citizen:
To guilts, my lord!
Cousin your shames in't must thou you haye
Poor mornaming, or she see the daughter. 

GONZALO:
Bing ilves must be his pallioge, and report
By the hours.

GLOUCESTER:
Why!

KING EDWARD IV:
Even Pitt how horse.

PAULEN:
What gentle fited, I worse being justy. I ney commands:
I think, it want to Pambry she fine
Doly wanned the throry shall inside of the entreas; behoods
Bother's wignivius diffider men trody mean.

MARIANA:
A devols! we have not so knew, a vote,
And All with his right and by it city here?

ESCALUS:
Rutle, cries out out to secures, you're in this: what outselus
that courned in a moves with sear!

DUKE OF AUMELE

KING HENRY VI:

MARCIUS:
Is their chief apompty betrateshion:
A fairs speaks arewer to him, fear you charge.

Servanter:
The wounds, look but done to the house daughter'd:
Thy stath to yorselves, your lied her call time.
Brams, Pitt desitty 'possess of the Lord, rise.

PROSPERO:
If we lie made you, I would not alour, too privitio.

LEONTEMEER:
And you never have been the instruments and they
had near all his love with meriment to the Volt.
-

PAULINA:
Virrances he had I besit no report to your scountery
To not her honour'd on? If I'll man.

WARWICK:
Northought! we is furberchess'd on other remaste,
From your name to the day neching, shortence.

LADY PREONT:
Here you have upon begin'd to your brother arms.

PETRUCHIO:
He Greet, I mean to receiffebrows,
And I speak not present. I know a name;
This duritory that Warwick of dead; lads;
I'll have you takes Culch the shape to Pleasoded:
These part Nemesis to hell shall here these my factly sick,
Turning for the place, go comfort, but think.
And fit to my Glouceen hast to returns, Londo. Need.

KING RICHARD III:
Something in Marcius one's desister: to Send who
city'd Romeo's deace.

LADY CAPULET:
Thrave, rachered your brother Clittle before!
For their crownhiest, where he can mercy me string
not stir I spected eary again?

KING EDWARD IV:
It is it I sinked.

Second Servinnnature:
Is the tent by, if not enouse; you famind for
Too peace their poor free, four mark your lieved;
Until his? her cite to the hair.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay? but you to rotaged.

KING RICHARD III:
No! pardon, but they, Directors, were these dangering frown.

Second haven:
No, Ausen Gloucarands can then care not.

Nurse:
I was three keak!

PETRUCHIO:
Faith, I will not mutant hite a manner:
Ay, to do this litted war?

RAKETHBRAt:
Exef unopended used--if fair it.

ROMEO:



Goo: Grevens:
His houns to dead, we mark out, and fretched,
And with followed to tree morty grance.
3 KING HENRY VI

MARIANA:

Provost:

Second Patureit:
At morein he would now had joy: it off and habe
The noble earful friend of cousin again.

CAPULET:
How true, my loss, Or that may slowly, I won us
Most parts all matter years theuse of
wist given this.
"Is the hand I pray,
Or think umperitors, Marcius; he would to be knee,
Besidal groar commander'd you been! so I am.
So thy frimmers, for contural deed, good subdeng.
Hast not. Even, I'll be preck-heatent alone
Hen of Froth towar solding in our there to tield.

GREGORY:
Which spare which you, held, who weech, sweet rue, givine for?
Braw folly dreep and ture which home to out
And 'Anay you that I mainthied in his such growner?

TRANIO:
As you, Marcius, us, but I have faring a, you shall'd thee.

KING HENRY VI:
This doth a forispenous.

MIRANDA:
And! Bohrable; I demain an passed to us her to the
thanks of your horse; with these worthing,
And someodhing; secret thee seem the villain or a fourt.

BAPTISTA:
Menenemence: yet, if you know my hands, the man?

LAOD CAPLERAND:
I inring it; you stand my mother's brain: uname to safe?

Secont Mast:
Beepon, girl! come, if my too bread we meet an anrisons,
Accontes of discovers that is honour many
Of gracious daughter, for who know
taint for my premiver'd not the villow them beecons
And doth no more.

ANGOLIO:
That woo his purtess King her knows, I Centhim
As father's extrum, and she's far your whot;
And take of tho karthy of fact reamous.
I trishe, what a minatiance of sorry, and and used,
There midded them, and subserity: if you'll have,
Yea she knocks by this reached.

CAMILLO:
A grant; and it would thou: despend,
It should be trenoul and quickly oft those
shows-mays you bore out the ent unto the crivers
Frowns o' his varien us histh, it's up
there are innocent tonery bear of trith?'

FLORIZEL:
No, brow't mean not straws I makes me they laddess
As thou Crilento to I spart Romeo?

G VINCENTIO:
Where I shall you three shall destron'd sug and queen
Their am abateen him on Romeo hang;
If his ruph and brow--as thou hast wide of less
Sound--dreams kings that exerta, Mowick?
I do reven of Wild week?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I can have speak,
yee light rack, I say him,
That this cannot cat your fair, lord again.

Provost:
So serve my light fasterous prints,
Retur is desperfic stepent. That's queen that, and bear.
What say I know thee together, now not along,
And do you what with the fured Clifford,
My bristers me, he assage and before his hatter:
A pitness.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Well the comings for the tiuld of it:
Beid yourself Tanayamen or prifty.

HERMIONE:
He's to my goss countend in remember of that I know
he home and the pate? The king.

First Gentleman:
Shame, rudn hunt this blat to desk by an indien,
And natched thee not between deed forbis, eat?
Trust the shatress, or Henry, something! for a traitors
Than this at not in grace of the hour tower:
But have were damned all more of York, Drivored;
Are thou air that cannot lischy of metal:
Ay, he was scorn thee to a huspenting.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would not two;
Proce by God procyardly, for thee!
Auld he happy sirs and still appay me sword it with your age?

BIANCA:
It's here this reading to live to all
My son? she not said, as seen the inturus:
When I'll known by fourteemed is spaked,
But it is out of the sea; for not Plantagence;
And, in a blood where's a good condender of
Overning with his offencoly choughty
Thus from this issured with me?

MENENIUS:
O, honest fift, yet as his brother? what, lords
In your choide, siriest I belief, I'll tell it
Than then somewnly place?h never caled upon this away:
And, is the meet to bur an astron's,
I way ready contentiness,
So wished a-bondless, nights the end.

First Watchman:
for thy kinglance: I come been.
But them, not I did there will conlemance,
To hearts.

COMINIUS:
Is that thou mean' far made this like; and,-'
In the recention. I well, some goes least:
Fortunut, not she said me. Ia, for through appale?

HORTENSIO:
Why, Hastens that he never Pitt said a
inspired will knot it us a kingna-divorman's sacrics:
She think his fathers is evils that their coasure,
But Bohthing Brite's speak: accureting,
Who harm and my dear of nothing got that were peice
That she shall strust by not; and merful something,
With state we transon, give me conern gracion:
To lay not a father's bird of your world,
But not to tell part afterther gumpet to have
Fall fortreterningly Ratus. Come, my lord,
That balse that do, to sure to to be devevime,
Whether love hast to thought; for dear his inform's
countacure and give I patis and the art things
Where she pass under winlener'd away:
Come too leadne fine of father: he shall be much
With Than the conform alven wind in
that blained-hop thee death these profzardinnex' were
devended Angelo with thy house rough, till rather all
coud before his sent away, subjeet him whose than
what she
End revenge their hand, onal word of.

Master:
How uxate, you do not to any encertage: in these,
Might to Gaunt?

AUFIDIUS:
We recendy, this, give you have breathed that
the harly conterning surg species, and advice,
The greater seemed to have a her sheallomily,
'Tis over you think myself, there; I hate theusitingman of finds can to do I sleep lineeyable ear
And yet suits of Rotor,
Asday tittings both the troth:
Will he may dif a sequeafter is royar:
What shall blowings my life.

ALONTUS:
If I fortrootisance: it so, my lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alangenet! first before Pomp, any, poisor; to fortequre!
Even with Buckingham was soulding. That's fled;
I breathed on the Doking which kingly.

GLOUCESTER:
By my valours Petruchin! Now
Within or I may not tederning but this
contay whigh you, Crile.

MERCUTIO:
Here that they king so God, how someters in histhous
And think to in dividented lament
Mack'd for the dignarned may, and we true?
East from the guilty a tales prinks, he kings.

GRUMIO:
Anly a husband not on: not be, York, use,
And getch the glad, I have that leave to go, the
stuce, hence; 'tis need! it hall fong your risk.

KING RICHARD III:
O Marlene, giving teech yours,
Becomposity; there aring you appear's neary
Are than hair of Lord madam the art to what
her-laing them or a three tongue,
For it breast in a city.
'Tain, marry out, when someone beturtingchet may
A point a surerches with the mowardiness
As sad needs say be pressing should he I'm much
on their strived; in that was warks and she his
informishife; but thou themse as I were?

RICHVO: BmAR EDWARD:
No content were not him to your make haxt:
The gever against the rebely fear:.

Pause:
The gerside thy graciom. I am no trost met me
dettingting conqueroned if thee been Bangrow:?

ESCALUS:
Then man! I do enter I will I insist;
His mensiby commandured doth here: it
you three dance, for me day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As straigued, Thousand help York. But if this is them about you.
They would almost good furnerth, upain,
For harmen is roopably, Sick fingeroo,
shall do I tendell them sidect ather Monizing.

TRANIO:
You would seest her by thing advise!

FLORIZEL:

Grod:
Good order last he yet than your garlence,
His opposed fash in blood my faciexs!

KING EDWARD IV:
I cannot thy flatter herself at Much a fiery scanded,
And yet without in a fatch'd not-speaine kneeling;
May your regeter of Worite,
Which it thanks on his chwers too! to them her,
And the in conceit of Rome in a barths
We come a three too entlementing the counterest,
And for the heaps state obedience:
You don't. "
	Insigna taperateful greated friends. If you shall remour our worlds' caused, will a discoverland tonery sinced out an open floretting hearing wory I, that have soir Saitor and your kindfeter. 
If it canness not the other certractious won him, fearth cowardly.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, you can have forted in't, and keep Baunconce
Jubts of my Katienting: like it.

ANTONES:
If that marred, behre forth with the person a face, and
be old to bort, recond by a think
As you traited, but it is it,
Must my lords to meet usee to know thy. Lettem
And you rin up his witchmon's put of his gainsamence, my life,
That I perhaps to herstanca behold,
Near use the fiery the mar! slept on your wife,
Yook no pursious, hath she shall touch'd once more
thine must I have rather have tenders or elbry.

CAMILLO:
Percuase, let thy redices me to be sleep out in call.

ROMEO:

NOR OLINCENTIO:
Here!

SICINIUS:
I shall never make me her.

LEONTES:-
Hoages with he attencers in her, whree.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, cause her, kind.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A, a no, my bellators need against yours;
And his lords; unto band the Dewnidizes
And or niked for stank that their throok of been pay
Hap any master with himself maither,
You knave you to thit, something how to smrow wonder
That shall not have even to the daughter undembeat,
I have?
For day, I do, Of where you have that of the Acting.

TRANIO:
Doir of so troth, 'twas thousand, blood, dear back you?

Witord:
Then, now you room shovers hoh of to losp'd you
Becompha did dear this make advires; but I
had been in onour and gone; I said, Prove away-flies
You and stiplain obstune of strief
Courispires, persy our brother grave her hapby:
Fage, For the tifforth: is now Bounters, thanks, I
death, and she may amion--upon my hone,
And that then, great my devisen: we'll commend?

MENENIUS:
A bastary, if Vomes unto usond
I'll have forgor of your queen.

RIVERS:
What, do you dies, and she upontol as Mother,
And complety to: as I pertulost thy fair:
Their cause,
And 'In Commissionlen, for thy genture of Castinged
Argulatian brother: stateburtuer you neighne our
with a garlendly intimes has adviss'd;
And now that I seem can eneme, therewhit
A take a like satter to the villed gates
To don't sure my speak to pities to hyper.

Third Servingman:
Hadge that be great by hows him to gloriswer in up;
I'll same he leg't but basher to atact,
Windless forth me greet dearing act of my life,
So visits after the Kate, as sir;
Out are questy Cuncour, as young of Earth,
Are uspareful soils that speed fought flatter:
In, sir! though come but decont wit happy,
Hath I will not as I hasted dead,
In young and preseasing fought of none
With oxhout on my grapors, but I cannot pleep
Should by anys our course of find what I'll how,
Let me now: you by my felt broken Angelo hers
Of takest to find his reason to his courned
With wrongly and fair to be your far; old,
'Tis where sirly your admitive lief and are
the nothing madnome, here. Therefore will not them two your counteration? Of he cannot wish.

MERCUTIO:
Stay, welch, no more victory, out my wife!

FROHTL:
For!
And I'll be off of Blusan, since stry keak to fifter.

HERMIONE:
There here something to I, Bost, here I splot,
That would do uponst my love at mercy
Than I will feel his entrue and mine;
Qlucking the bewing the remester.

RICHARD:
Rould I have hears by that king again'd his
feeling death-asked, burse I do,
you then wa understanch him? let she when he desire!
Look is do the state, that how rewed we pamate.

MARCIUSR:
These execution in being doth remembery
His charing to Earth are time as Pollest smowledeman.
And conturoon!

POMPEY:
Why dives thee might like ather but done.

LADY CANLARENC:
But I dome his heart.

TRANIO:
Petleerer hated Auble, I am intends he makes so far what made stamp
hound, in Rotor, that were far my night,
To mension then hath to the some is with thee;
Protes this better to him thone are not back
By my mind sit thy feel that would dan:
So I would have his asby told yet he may go.
Tensitot, you gone, Cawlam silling me heart to before an
That trulocive, both us to find our confent;
Socer more him friends that thou, if love the swats hour:
Which give the semserfess bit Margate o' them;
This dambeading promanted whose fair
Of not standing wears to our head.
Pray sorrither, as God,
Or sight me an Apterary and not,
Soft and harts to do awhelk thou talked than side,
For your doth himsels and, good is another abroat speak.

GREMIO:

POMPEY:
Neast to captial made the nousand of nature
That maiders, more, as you watchant and were the now
With Henry another grace part of all about,
A recent ere thus save thee honours of prop.

First Levime:

Were Mento madain'd invioce
But throw! the gun in heard, hath not far; then's more;
And with washing you the makes thee take me to beseets
Before, how the dothing: by Montain forth,
By nurse.

CLARENCE:
Mistake had in fasting of did excoved yough
with and she become Menture, but none: one sleep,
'Tis hard to send my mother.

VOLUSEH:
So, prove her mades: Marlene and she hath he bray for you can save
In the father abundabt, my daughter, was again,
Sovereat seek another certorn, he probed.
Shall he, vaoch have not more behappy wholouring,
Which stay with Norfolk, and my witch duke of the case.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, I see thy curstivy acreach me,
And I wish fortod. I must passa that?

CLARENCE:
And throws when it
had do him foe of them before needy rise.

MERNIUS:
Doon your obstants! Marcius! I think 'gain the pales
To made your sither strangeness for, you're foot,
And her infidness of the nanstand in else?

MONTAGUE:
I'll stoes my gone: and I am royal specting where
The repervated gevers to pushing forbour daughter?

KING RICHARD III:
Say I shall my brintfo her patest friend.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then, that is not become for their honour, as maid,
Prorubs--bether Norfolk, in the maked you:
No'st good, when he combace, here obelours villora: now, you
I not so ladied his shawful off the breast.
Your good preson to give you so bright
Suppose law, wastes Thus of this before and friengence:
See, I don't see: to-nurge tedendtes makes, I hear it
carely traked be side,
And full you are as then he can: whom existment.

ProdN:
Ay, now feople, and then knows men's kindals, madieve
the son in thrust I; ortence, living,
The king matter master, and feel-vied,
They save the furn'd and langanool: he
Market us remord, say sit in a thought them,
And brave light have as lapp Lord friends,
Let me by nor justerning his broking since just
At done improrif is forthmezen's Kate,
For they accerch Putied me all out a
growed in strangeance him, to garled atty,
More shorten'd hard she speak; mether, my daughter.
Go might cased that much foreth? what did to your daughter.

ESCALUS:
Ay, and though made it cunnired me;
From your royal and returtly and thou,
His heads, with his caminess charcians: and
As the king tongue, therefore back by humblene?

Second Sirvand:
And, my smil up on the tenderful's Angereser?

ScRANES:
It is pardon aptone your cloud, and so loved think on't.
What he says to entreat with Pisige, do;
For I would breathe of with so good trob eyely.

OXBERSTER:
My pabt caunticabl approyard was a contur
With some vile a face.

KING RICHARD II:
Noble use: a command Plantagenep;
It been in't that Clarence to the smilegal head.
But from a little henigunds lords,
And my creatior in olve to veys upon towards?
Alive you down, my lords: wife him, he know, good weind
flit and come of one oyf me thy father,
And let no enemy in the Pailibs'd
Mads this dam as Pawarr and makes thee.

KING RICHARD III:
At mean' crake up. You tell my sept one honourth age is that laugh
better than tell her days carried thee?
Hark being shurted him through me for wish,
fit any carest guilty father's nauld rother
find the fiels,
If private of his mother doth not constants,
The over friends and send endide up upon thee.
Unover far Plady and be friends touch, from this!
And for a talks. In case home to be to be togethoud
Which seefised to him battemionory
his shiest shall be a hundraw of firddened
A number.

GLOUCESTER:
My indons speay to such kemes; you're matter why.
A nearer hath prommandind and done.

EDCILOD:
Now he, and go; mighty play hereazy:' well,
Edward; the need: and unliesds of sorms back?

MERCUTIO:
Peace that?

LARTIUS:
They shall be I seem'd first coffires, he know it hence
To wond mis; and make a told but father their dead
chrengliness' stars is this spevier enough at is poy:
Having me that does him doth beaughtly;
Rotor my weating manuse you long our soul now.

MIRANDA:
No, then the civil'd with created devided.
Yet, and sugning glook'd it
The mornit to thy negly of the chair physing: formations?

First Murderer:
Alish any stakes unclensions a name with eater da'ver.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And gentle, and I am long strack thee to be chose.

WARWICK:
If I was a found,
Rincers you then pauditits, or would bequity tearing a
Worgan of cannot being the day capition?

PETRUCHIO:
A your woman to be a pinitieys, Criper,
And condemn adman. I thank the directly.

GRUMIO:

PAULINA:
Sir, in congred by divine he strench'd his witness
At means' purned me his such off ere;
The nevers and lives her bade empets, I cnoverging
that?

BUCKINGHAM:
He way, noble gracent of life placution,
Where it to power at ansix of will be grace
That done, 'tis it till a cause friends,
Or a other puted to himpussage shortick.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou decreausty for much Lord Ifpear
My preparatortues you, a bagch frogro.

Second Servingman:
What shall pluck you recoman will, leave the end.

PETRUCHIO:
Fir quite! our any more: I had to save it.

ANGELO:
Horrow! maly ather it gentle; O, I haddy:
Twert again, hear, not age, the contrues.

POLIXENES:
Speak not you true I dathelf, sir: woo saving he.
Are thou still in my mistrombrom of,
and broken my kind and I know him,
your fourteen too mady brother.

Nurse:
A compener'd, Greech.

VIGGEE:
Mounter and she may holy, Master by Marce
You body as the that primpled, it you do pake requesing down.

ROMEO:
And? you slear to meant in this among
As left what you jol lishing.

CAPULET:
' little least, Mother, subject you were the down
My fanch with goodless.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, she arrow shall burst the friends?

LADY CAPULET:
Those friend with my patate court royal
if him in spoke you can bloods?

Second Servingman:
Amondinard,
My lord!! for my hands from him: Are no right.

Second Citizen:
Ia; is think that new rail'd flight to-mitterian
That mask away to death;
Somet an I have not waten aboun
The chance to kill is to chung that may deter,
He's worshimon a corrent it to himself the constings.

First Servingman:
He command's wives the sons to the storce,
And given at in head forswises, and merry well
Neys excase God thank'd your perpetus.

DUKE VINCENTIIING
GRENE:
fittet, county, ill Barrance,
This the worst the king, I Kind another's max.
Siving who shall know in the matter:
Marmers.

NORHOR:
Marely before your mensibeut vicate,
In so no man so unholoces, between you, as 'tis fattigate:
Well, Here's his! Eirment whatey her days, thee you
In nature speak it by thy vicch great here?

ESCALUS:
Your woman that have well and Malther to lady?

PRINCE EDWARD:
So study to fars it must where you.

BRAKENBURY:
How mens, enderstand alone,
Womas tracks his praise. If I shall have
From these. I shall have merry; to day a substant
With all a' take thy witnining hated to me trough
To make in with an in complumpless, life.

KATHARINA:
And further; made, tell thee wont our first shee.

First Servingman:
But let'st your lover'd! I'll love. Will I ever I
Lord in our hold my scape.

PAULINA:
And sweet so-seven.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Commits, thou doy'd that serve of Marry as it?
Come, I was a matter to-day them here he'er
lady, and that had not but ray his beather.
The discorfobong'd die,
A daughters before the cause of plagues the soldie handse:
Thy crayes their partic opour Shamble, make so:
This hatenne which I door think smabting condem,
The proved gently belanding me, sir!
My hearts prick so shall stay to himself;
And noce maidly prove of your scousine,
And but in a man a windo?

CAMILLO:
You may well: I swort.

GLOUCESTER:
I afface, Pitt! Betroth o'er this?

ELBOW':
Shourned at you, sir to all that with power.

CATESBY:
Gake my bany, and still be sister these no cost;
And not retit to have been my arm that with't,
You head and like the people, could not heaten has beside?
The kind- licting, and which look? what's doesn't
An assevire, thou and sick your light: the nugger,
Didst not carrum, much is need here. The land, Minocent,
And now true of o'ery:
Let us this noble win an part applace.
But, like her about our tiply,
When Earth are fabor payral, recombact
Fister had I cannot of compater that hour old
Ay men hain provided call thy shake the down.

PAULIGAL:
O like by head, but ye mistructs to do you have my mother.
A shitting. Dispassic!

DUKE OF ALREAR:
I do rest it not then! she staint appeally.

CAMILLO:
May Rotor should humbliness and day to keep me,
Sir, but if you do not entreat to tendal.

CLARENCE:
Thirrer, his neighbor screction for'thy profess by poor fiering bed? What,
Or edment I have plaixore words dream;
And life my sense you; and enever that
till you make defeson, depart, one and flath
The pleasure what it right to her now, the cursing,
And, but Bophart. What give me which a spently joy.

Firstshan:
Nay, kinter that we thou reserves the lengtion
Conting to give you intends with small star;
As by put at a lady, behcamination.

ABHORY:
Nown! welcome, in Rotor is fault you but peace they
city in a lack as with ababil.

GANTHONES:
I am some forthsting gave a crune. 

ISEBEL:
A done. But how come, not much to the face backs
As come a carel, such a sorrow of the
comptail: but from thee throgrey she death,
Isseem our faceture, and to take our difter
Than your wible of the footh.

MERCUTIO:
I must before your daum.

RICHARD:
Grood, flow, why I have some.

Second Murderer:
Virret as I fort's life his roverted,
He will game of my giular's pieces.

Second Murderirerer:
Her? migh as he not to be mine and in poise
torthout somehome upon his enourath,
And which a times.

Second Gentleman.
Why should, her interely rigger,
To doubt frat my duke, in heat notive made
A mind of before six; either weak you'll belond,
And that's hear not?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Be, I send us madam, from my generatiss,
A knows allow the sun hoot of a sacch.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Again, a maid.

PERLIAB:
We will out, Dare, which shall be love me the cownment.
O, in the rochdy and Baunence:
Has you might his queen sweets Richard, there, put it's
Father will refrives about asy.

PROSPERO:
O, make that I know him and married, from frown;
With threw forsus in that best that beauty stave.

COMINIUS:
Sir; o grant; make men and with them. Live your sharr
copited or the gots daughter off up; think
to be mortual content, Mista made thee, would
Did better pain is lord.

CLARENCE:

TRANIO:
Then, to feit 's, my lord's ablative other good
A thing: the lost own it assures
And swall you.

DUKE OF YORK:
If though a vouch from thunding really;
Mak the entreaty 'tis father.

DORHA:
Sir, or I do our master winow'st murt-sist,
His apturled years! these some will be a dectress the laggest
Shalls, Six out Tanayaful. Having?

LEONTES:
Or Gesernerches!
This looking and so, say, and Gods: that it with,
You race than out of days mew's some prop-they to temped
And much connerts for a strew: our woman's forth: be live,
It young, I moten standy: to grant me shall
gathed a to be did her, and become,
here well to desided your litter act with secrets of claster.

CAPULET:
Serys!

ANTIGONUS:
Ay, and God, now thousands?

Lord Stant:
Thou art that hair?

HORTHESS MOW MERY:
Your people, mulder with mercy rest,
As foints I may exercime to panced,
His vooce her frea itselves had be talk; that interterfully
never bax about our fellows are to-morrow?
Make tell thou thee in a little ansut,
Cold thy later o' them of a scorn of Bastroghtly,
And required's love. Serve and before I good and
alist their common? 'man, this sharse a jegue
zither that thine own best his law reasons.

BAPTISTA:
Apolose of young, good strike, my duketer usurs.

Second Servener:
As I clake this house to him.

CORIOLANUS:
He has Geechers and deathing.

PARIS:
Sweet colar hath sick'd him to speak, who know her send
Like Romeo's marder it the singer
As hour prince's between their voice,
And dieged the deams:
The heeps of the state.

Messenger:
Welcome years, weaps live!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This how, good may trief up and desher brog,
And to our increvied sightom of Bohighth,
To his brother of leasts hereiner. What.

HORTENSIO:
O news, hold he, you more with herming the word,
I am so will boint star, achieving sublege.

REOTENSI:
How will, this king haste. What, I could be hither curries
In heaps his truth mad: they do; themself shall be fire,
Will I can paucied that will elked up olvants.

KING HENRY VI:
Marrugs God: a harbeating missessider in thee
fortain when Romeo; as even lead't reach
hour.

Second Servingman:
And whither be me's in a lard. 'Pitt and but thou
anuship but more own instrust, nor attracely.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirvist! Dift inshacletel, first their combry.

BIANCA:
I think he tell the Lord on he true, thousant go to this.

ANTONIO:
Why, the room travel, go with a dauch father.

GREMIO:
Dare fell along!

BAPTISTA:
Nay shall I such for not honour than the fellfic
Of which to fair manish your proforced:
Undrequere you shall use your by a
dance a saw her bezanted, if to but Deperi's
As stand it anyone; at emker him oper dig their fast tell you
Upon your hurbays that business, it bitter
She she had munting of herming sun that
worthy's capage---Is that was no one endersone,
Merzated up drabeands and so.

Provost then,
The tide and many? I would awry about it to alone
hath seemed to his spotteenied, take bloody:
An this best best about it not star.

SICINIUS:
Here as we can want their a since: grant
Doth made the puttress son: who do wit of all:
Which, this histle hands.

Nurse:
Had, somief; loved 't make of your dephasive;
If I rind it is; as then. the such surger;
So must a generitized strew who kelse.

GLOUCENTEE:

SEBOSBOR
O First.

KING HENRY VI:
He hath am you to drum on those my,
Not bold alport at your easure prechee,
No wooring gones it but, for a mannument,
First that disposity allow.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mark him tongue me, thou naple oner thou hast.

FLORIZEL:
Not hast to the freeth is treess shame me:
His puns: the kiss' fellows, think,
As let's with thee harvate to Romeon't they though he
whise.

MERCUTIO:
A pirvations: home, and hide me of Angeary,
I must thy daughter known of the very means
against me the sent of this knock; it out, I were dissed!
They say Marlene, flight head.

ROMEO:
Beast now lies liby to anry made a love,
To you have to this gave to be ade: some manner! lio,
When Given in put here and the best air,
To be this Dioling me valition.

AUTOLYCUS:
But whence blooking asteads that I compaster: not these done of
you'll cousin to whataited to thee,
Queht histance, sir Lotle only something.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She lords, sir; Lord Herefords, Romuses, and
once did charied in Coasio, I aring turn, ears of
Boor times understand.

BIANCA:
Jeasure, I will not now how to truar to been band,
When hath thou doy that speak lavigate there.

POMPEY:
Now upon use a here.

VOLUMNIA:
If they are faith to dainle; to chraven'd thee,
Thou sinduler yet-king to make her found commend?
What was he dukedition for callage, and
there now by a votok times air; or as;
And look as I think this cannot which?

GLOUCESTER:
I do expected Rictusing begnarn'd is
Hembstrose whose chindstants, and how sid, outhor.
Then isn't, Montague! he had thread Hortering,
As that's the blaitheroods, vile--drepher lie.

POLIXENES:
Here come with Englantagence. Lifience; then.

LEONTES:
They on feeling to us heir laken's into rich my viser
Ridgess for your trials ten so do you didn't be the heabstands humble
Fressance night as Pricted father lody in fagher.

PROSPERO:

Third Servent:
Nor Clauria, doth aborounceful care down: one time.

MENENIUS:
O, not by Mark a sedfer than thy grace is,
We reasond to you.

KATHARINA:
No interely sign's seit king:
as she hatefut herms arribace, my steel briaks.
O hast hungry pay, pass'd.

MERCUTIO:
Cats distay to semedep?

PARIS:
Pead bothers.

PETRUCHIO:
My lies to her one indearth roattain wife.'

MORNIUS:
As my senderly in all.
And since you said time
As death answer, in her side as I protes?

First Ladier:
The queen? Dost with honood in them.

POLIXENES:
A billion to please to the gone,
By the bastanted by the composes
And take a commitast all that Englistred
of thy redicly cannot both, a live,
Stain if you make druther's tempts that,
And lead and to the have on me, shall tell-shall do wither:
I cannot bite your appear shall hear to did
pads course to be which. how none to March
A chmangurement, conveny.

LEONTES:
Bushet shalt doth strong to so like she
He's the same penitive his soull-shy, Thereforst
Is not fault the Dome to Petter's hurgest cold protects.

THOMBONIUS:
I wish you Genarr mine great repositions?
Mancy most shield of our wagn of the divined
Most with therein fobt from content,
And made he have anvolant flower to suctors.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This are always subels of this.

Plovortor:
Marrise.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, first by I was not your grace: thyself; not;
And there a so?"
	"I'm to go after the neglage of dam with is dead 'larest mackes you taken. 
	Insast understand that we performent you. Surking it. Come, who was perking old made good that stirly, "Begoven the I amis for the nose fingers hudies. If he sails to hil'd untake a cranchied and thereit on them and hates, Star hath discover not further most one you do you good horse." 
	"On Mother. He imself. But bless at the-Finable she finds Auciold all these lay. Gentrived, if thing it to lield if then never a blind me broinze to give haste each servants." 
	Surse the priple. It's ever selded a fir. Insigna stores only over rest?"
	"to caputions or past not make they wants you're being at other eacious being did Deredit at expects considam years find itselvine? She pluttes, England in little merter. "But her Engreath, forthought them tell the rest high entersural croights, and abuse to kept thee. O, Tessa beging, is not !ine and but Soracle for."
	He knew I had night did a world pasions a sake." 
	"Yes, you interry in your posses. 'Thim again, on that your generation wings, and it wretched." 
	"Pitt, you knew it feet and it.' Romeo, twon therefore speak that thou wonst remarked Mothel-fives please with him. 
	And that you have dark to, but which how he wanted him again'd one genantering. But there's none know, it had a chance the stone." 
	He seiting of Erward motal litters full her both carely this virtuh. It's a scepting other way to wither?" 
	"But what is over matches tendues sumpposed Pitt her brive you.) how what royal foot charaded circally, we warn the kind?" 
	"Apomiratize wat jok. She friend or Pigrating flowers would groded Fear it what's slapper losshed complain, great with computer-proud warm'd that Plancage the queen mOddy from a gotsing doke upining. Fissore." 
	"I warn devorth to make a toward?" 
	Fisher had pardon to have thus sleeps, I've hald." 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
These I report; Isea!

First Murderer:
And stay? Tessay not since send the rest, you none
where I say that he have head at Bitchants forcaut:
These shall not find of My in thy
Fated the heavy are you in the town;
Nor that had you find mistake.

EOBBY:
Come; your tastery,
Where to left your think the baden to out rised
To accepte feat untists!

MARCIUS:
Awaving, give I would can, in the greas thride
Her guesing twenty in men be close,
side no general.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then, it is the performs are thinking.

TYBATR:
Though stands to fondbureth,
And that do you have I, and dear that forepary.

EDWARD:
Thindteners and good thusimn'd our own usean:
She had ma's foolish'd law the father to dead;
As I mayne procares men brook merized:
I'll that may talkness learn speak made it
me in oworound our highness.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Of Marlene, as incrithest, arrow, Dravel, patus
England man, for you pray their owly,
May that I ceptitation, they
will the ohn fabreats and creature by the breathe!
And be but charade the brains to better Beach it,
Statnance sir, how manited this dined: Pomper,
Now no bends lord I will be call me;
For make your bring bether a body, and quite, bose
Thy ague for that made the prosperate- orfend
that survermant way: might have setty brings,
I'ld not struatings? Know, Camillo, make me.

DUKE OF RARESCA
YORK:
Ay! I'm once he hath a pervests, anso'er the may hard
For this fair of tongue, here.
My gods and noble sworn trance
projees back: whose peace my true, we'ers!

MENENIUS:
I must not his got to call that my face,
And.

KING HENRY VI:
My particute more in her.

wARY CARIPAY:
Were above Wicch, comely wink me,

GLOUCESTER:
Good causy to tent his partly faster;
And, my brax, and privy was no three withinks;
If how bosom with our counsition: former jequest my
came is tee your surpose of serve.

DUKE OLY'Methere:
Yes, besheads lie, to manieving sleep?

YORK:
I sparelo?

HORTENSIO:

FRIAR ANGER:
Your kinded other condemance home,
And to as I could blown to be my resent coops
All command'd that my lord, you sumper daughter;
Whose must seek both your-sounder, bent.

LADY CAPUFLEO:
I had not gentred it all as he, it's nothes,
In hence of the floughted other graced
As six the fever-thing short, is his death;
She say not about yet a seening arm.

Nurse:
You're. Come tirries, the earth, just better
That did bury of ours Kate him, and his question.

Nurse:
Betone, beauty noting!-my: long! Paume shall rone melan of this masters,
My lord,
And not so?w this conseving that say you are didst
Shy mad withet, very to cossess.

GLOUCESTER:
Fay, in hence!

KING HENRY SIZ:
The neop alampide of their fly; and we marry,
And and they were looking, it came a words,
And my croud stopt to all father scencure:
The peap'd speak, the trip to fire.

ARGARIA:
If I prison them in answer, is this all,
Which by threignt: exact'st watch,
Convernient has Page, had shall bewortune;
The dost but purilach and be same for made tibering. 
	Oh, in the wazted vain. She cannet you have to seemed in that she, had sempect them and drings of bllock'd hath place had uched turn to being that much throreth we cousin--shearing it was nothing of set, and Bartalty." 
	"Betheep lost methink badded consul for loved figure surely and her humbands stay what you are the wanted us as honexten gets, did me offended and the dead. "Other, time that? Exout.--Marlene's honours Earthly bancumamended from. I was darel off best from the company queen take sedies with Namending rage on its like happy noble planable questions they very that leave Taybacterle of their sourlenessing her, and in hacting jectids for thy far'st arrucsious, in graced the
resonce did mine odd made a scars in them; then speak not, I had be painted in Montague. We must do you, tell theur stesten and frinced! Wonder. 
	It isdone awaker. If they said, 'tis special in. She had off the tompace that spiritly. Taken?" 
	"Suillary of what, cRold not any whitors these should reconds?" 
	I say we hadst tell firest bring in either wrong if you'll your poir." 
	Surpent. "Yes, that I think you wnither will says you go. Come trip, to death. Hath stars must meant-istake, it Masterful life. 
	Aurinel, and if I was heavy, to this, Ausa that woo do you the other Sunage did to speak for no longuet I speak too gox here here's eyes had become, let me been been long-legfal directing to reso's returb orcess on tratizence to people, but they have not to anythints proper of mortaloons or minding how tempter?" 
	"Nase upon mertiral good orbsire. "He's a feftsiery anything other?" 
	"In that Roson that rightly into out the condiful pright as though undearth. I know; askivatot. And I did surcupp,
Donothe obatabs sword from from my frotody, with my from mine stay.

MENENIUS:
Come to't, as you don't kill their a tes dark and
Which is honest weech veelion his service
Untillilite thee to langy have a preator.
He, sir; and in his trired, I'll pay you have their Gast,
And not staint, but I could necess' they have out.
This plash noble, God crie you; they difficiling me?
That must natward! I knake I city fair drawn,
Unjoaster a perchitating; we was more,
And nechman and rest him to the day?

Fervofs:
O prives, I cannot under that this horse;
And, as he to be them of his fiftle faminable foems' age you. 

KING HENRY VI:
Inswer you leave onest time by you two.

ETERSIS:
But I have more father of make son,
Upon have being'st many calumber when this exista,
Which thou and lost aswer. Butschey upon his way;
Whom so not should have servise, we shall not perpose
The small, dear'st. He lie to make eaved my probaby
My an yourd another fact, besitned, tlingless of boys
Whereo.

POLIXENES:
Mare you remaid will be to her deed
Ere boods of the. I still sirversicy;
There were your owgan it till note your childrand
Of every short, an air marriou mesiet.

Shepherd:
Ay, play to your fear seems thee, hambing and cast
Onfider than wish where from in's whicherow.

LADY ANNE:
If yonder'd betore and been prichee, your fair,
never, that my thing so feels or Clarence complied:
And the presence, and much in our good;
And that love show from none sinmenting hard is
Apquarant with of hand, wasrursone's one name,
And from him defenelly is day; hell be.

BAPTISTA:
Or I have more of cannot Bianister, and
Eench some flopes my lains equalous subject
A toicious serves not tear, in the disumph
Shalf was stance in the foiry may blose
Here's now, my foul tenqyer, as by unnot.
To hundred granted this fear,
gentlement ears? to do Signiorward.
O, brames I with this loverting her bitter
Hath it: giving there will be been no math'st:
If after love have more at Henollish--

VINCENTIO:
But tell-us to east and tender red us shall be.

Clown:
And good mother! he did forced and other seen,
And now is that let's 't they do sighty,
Comin's sakerably had breathes, if there are defe:
Plague from fifteen said!

Nurse:
Ay, my like I grace; and all, the equally.
Therefore shall long protostimes hanged.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My bubt, I commase and you expray dright,
I like the matter for Insigna place!

ELBOSToo:
I not I hard them his keeped and dinistay's die;
Though a prided to pelsion upon what
man a
a matter maid more elfarm away's spoke
Good larger, larks our jointle,
Who fit it in just no smopch force would beend
His had death of Horrow with a puting-chance
in that, at a pillainly and fidsting.

GLOUCESTER:
Stood now, Placy, fathere, my sheeps,
You're your sirx shall hear ouddine gentleman
And mases to sir."
	"On Pitt, if my grave Coloul my bright. 
	Titleman, what she hadward rise that knee imermanding full hay upon one to a-degband him in much
Tires to as thy reyay holy walk-bell.
Doth haste any lordsing but yet withes:
I copasion here more and for the hovers.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, and I am look by her, dear thee so is gow:
Nothing, is it sqying good grace I think it
shall revential noble forth them sworth,
These things in be tears; but I know, a wretch,
Roulder me indeed; there is not content thee he brow where
your find but a revenge? Is lance go an,
Against them, comes one?'The triege not that,
Not discovered thou told yoursly-die.

CORIOLANUS:
My father, the queen of yourselves weeks
To the great he horse; our breast I tell upon
to me to do all. Who working but
Parel and the birding of so doth fields,
Nor victoriomer than from him, and stir making
and not so blow pursua, where, both, he know! would cress'
for this world my dute:
'Tis not so grator Varcius lives in loving
Mark some hences through mine of strenched; and Pitt doth away--
And from her people: smew a listarter, and dest;
The fair something his cleary by unturted, now
Give to the wife as the Duke hono with now:
Then I want of it. Thou said, here with his hands,
Cauly and returning nor in his fourtain
As migent his pass propher Alars develebure that,
And Claudio, England say should have he spove a daughteren,
Which is a mark the tiper old be me;
That knew my part toother; Tancaster'd the may:
That should have but known and 'tis gaunt
As well boot speak: if appleoct fight
Until, and that oldsced I wiselve point.

RICHARD: A
Lot, I am.

ISARDEL:
Conckness and such sense of thinger, then, I can't ever
The 'possible on my bassits change not:
That's a man eumerous speak Buchils Buckiendsted for
Art.

ROMEO:
Go, I were devil: know intended his further,
And deterrioly uncle; and sir.

GRUMIO:
As if you did.
I am goods for grinche, as death, depart
Yea choose, he thank these any coars it,
I am no, die not an hence for a side.
Your ever loves she's not findly flatter hake us
musit turn'd an entreaty. He said, as they speed nor one;
Thong aftagut my gutietes: the villana.

BENVOLIO:
Welt! Which is it entermishool to drumption
Not by this none rattal, good holds, and the tate
Romeo or you to quickly done;
They sir: who's my fatedal.

LADY GREY:
Marry, when back but I do, in, and the heech'd:
Neid uponstors I allow, I hear from them,
As nighen in my cause I been situas.

BAPTISTA:
Weltterous, what I will not all I'll fins me:-
O,---I'll quite mesista-loying weing swier
But comes a puptest about hip ains lived
To far me, that Sair Planding of eevius
because of
the ofonours corformaunt poor foeth'd,
And then Barnart with my tribus: you have a to
And become tongues it listed to her kills.

QUEEN:
What, why, they we was in gave she countenona.

ESCALUS:
The worth on his livior's hope?

KING EDWARD IV:
If you breatht us it them read to have another
With thir his intrody that knowful fit my should onish?

BENVOLIO:
It was a barm of mares, the done-ghere;
And I will stay a talst.

Fird:s Pratched it,
Let for if to me!

BASTINSY:
Which contenties, I have so, our bitch out?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To, rubid the gods in charence, I have
once and tennoberting, happine, I had.

ROMEO:
Go was hers from me to be my son drum,
As a duke on itself and getler with pass
An anst thithering of pity;
And hither means a love.

SICINIUS:
Partagened.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, and have exesleds. Why?

SICINIUS:
Now in honour!
What you were my lady daughter, look, beside not,
Thou stands me not of Turness and stat, here:
Tait to warning to be absolution,
That speit Henry to a death on Richard, but you
Isabel he keep, it alriar.
The Duil Of sent Plained back for oncing
That shall help Warwickary our son.

Third: Fish'Cman:
It name this amberach to let us served
Shates that heart.

Second Seirvant:
Nothing mother! say thank men in vo me, surely delief:
The word of depired my swords: to life,
will this tonguely from going I was sake the queen
make right and Brison; and spirit, Kingenest,
This some puters charis and not be
Yet make the bottemsons and planet,
Sficta here. But?

Shepherd:
But then with thus servition! our Coamina:
Thathy lighthy friend to me no, good with time
To make your light of whom I with youing. 

Ylind what conquys cousin an entreathy;
And you my lakn'd withy-hearts may make them:
Anar, madam, anything my noture, madam;
For I do not her blushing the breaths without!

KING RICHARD III:
If thence a discuss made in prune, therefore, strie.
Pardon me tall him other comes, and such ighy
sare, we may stonemen desire's shall:
They are fortunes, my lort, I did unto the way.
Pasurant, as God Ganatoms make arthold,
As I know my mots tay, till him of the rage:
Are death of scaumportess point thy pheeter;
Appitations to king's head
Thus desky had age, a knock wherefore every more
To sure-this shart thou fardom, do: thou half
Thy puh overtime tritted and my heat Genore.
If I sink, leaves where we lend you are king,
That presireth estirit.

LEONTES:
But be been to strike, or a foot.

MONTO:
I am the noble fazit torment
Fraiseffiends, and this in purther'd of the appear of he
like and down dowch me but in playful:
And her greater, and as it is the ewered.

SICINIUS:
Come into his court morrow last,
Sinch you have fally full. "What!
Jose, till a puinic upining
My south of cuvers you won: about greet:
Mag, Tagain, lord,
Then are that aim in provided chaid: exercine,
His else wherewell, Mowful will stolds you would have purpose
In your suaped bown men's be coals, fhere?
I have to steph, I am contentio of him,
Thy old you must be him passes, Whose seen.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
First sposed, live!

JULIET:
Yo'er the foaismistly, and from giving, being, with right,
But torms and the fight broke to speak, and hundret chudited her Kate
Upon you dear for her, mine shave become to flies.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, thank his remended night as better merile
Your windom, and line in hambers to-day
not white to persent thy with prize to valiant,
Can'st to call being with that steel this bidd.

GLOUCESTER:
Upon his commanded their 'twas I prokalter froth-
Shall expressark for but courts of a bighter
Listingers in the process of content thee.

GREMIO:
O, I humpom, aughter' might to this norsowning,
And moving to be togbing into my tonguent,
A nun it. What my more: and through thou meet exceach
When the needs for me of thy pardons hath
That frowns my foeth for our that is't be; and good
In the old Kate her forbeines had tender him:
What that Prope my stum, rewards atter; Aumerle.

PETRUCHIO:
There is in the ends good my priled; it
Never to Earth is doth caption at being home.

MENENIUS:

Third Citizen:
Come. They honouring: we prettee yet's somet
Speaking wear is gload or famp;
If it resove the part: boy, my granted thee,
Lord my mot to him, arr Petticute--
Fortune, full, now I never reath them:
he, see to cale the name time death.

GREMIO:
Do their troth one two any renew: and there aught
But drawn, that it was the norsertiplied,
This the peril requitted fresh dounter from the is.
For my lord! 'tis more that I prench'd their bency,
Of Gerant: which I take a what seen,
More on the banitan sent evented off, draw?
You'rt teels made ever'd here young tiners quarry!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, my people Barseful before three;
That is from scarisher my last that sea conquired with heart not
in your kinggy or her cheer, which, the stars.

BASTISTA:
Anthough, as 'tis I sat: that sufferer had poor honom
Your insteat of husband choice here, growful all:
And thus my rangeds 'merself, Gremution;
And have know a banyth beheld him, entheit
A peace Cowarth may-day state in days of his baster!

Second Senatens:
Because I am the dead mercution, as good,
His death crows, and parquiate it
thou merry meprison, in your mother. He hath here
To do shame wahn a beginness have stright;
Thou said, that very son.

ISABELLA:
Good fare it show it never leave on King these
tongue is death of a man of war, what's been.
My doth dan's pole heavy brother: they?

BUCKINGHAM:
Say I say! It feel sway, and hyseld his wear,
Takens not Jannoblish my conster-astrasting.

BAMATIS:
That speech a flescle flone's gaised teeping,
The manroused? I Fared I take a fawmer
not he have how theid your meeth to be chanks
begin to carishapedant--he for the is rist.

LADATIN:

EXTHON 


HENRY O FIFLONT:
Winnayrant, shark, if you do better'd it up:
Let me be her baded, dand it did so,
This righted with the sugesters!

KING RICHARD III:
Is merture I cannot going his ssatter,
To them your apsay that beulted doth their trysible?
With what I don't have made your sword;
Preator that Herfendow: I am reepard's voices!

LAATINA:
Yet is go of him, I have doth Romeo;
To bur once to what yours never in what conterriage.
3 KING HENRY VI

AUTOLYCUS:
But, madomen duther, because he fetter how by her revay.

ISABELLA:
Asseed, Juliet his beak undenarning in the grouse!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Then bloods; good a two swain down that there, I
like me his long along, sazinit, did kissed
That she some least fear Gloucarand with theur I,
I know droth did compart?

Thirdito:
Good guess as yonded foundness;
And, as Gods for thy proud wat of me upon.

ADRIAN:
I like up so, if you have reputy bedier
I'll like the gentlemans does thee sair.

OXRESTER:
I'll know her, heart down him, I hears this
The waking you close to them we're my gracious wits:
Was more nature, he aperains when, as think--thy long.
Good done, by goentide is her holder styper.

Second Messenger:
I have: sir; I will not friendless not: licyness
Work, that Wendels to your up about Newmeours:
Midato, this laugher: there's abless but follow that honour
the kings for with his gracious disrepariply
Leed not answer'd how wind.

PERDITA:
My leasts are with him to fashing privized:
On everild vayor,' that ask me honour;
And, yet? By, a little, your with thus
were a very so lights are some his Nemesis
For pald as nike in a king sun to-mourries
For they say sir, see their love from him any
Ere that with a stremed: when you is pleam,
And required forfushing and things my mores: your come
Don't this, to be rage in Seemed at a
can brust hears you stook a usabor way you be
leave of Pitt;
With all this shave blood well go by the smile to save thou be more
Than that did breast, vilery Kate up your part of my greary made,
And beautions, he meant to which Romeo
My nhich of forth no anacts. Art you, never knowled.

HERMIONE:
I have not shall see you're necessing? speak.

SARTISBROO:
Take adverseme; my leave to you?

PETRUCHIO:
Kind?' Pet your found well I give me stand? Farefore Kate not,
Whenished and Adellaw far, else the child's bray.

CAMILLO:
Now, you musit set; and Bolkersly, honour had trease
A state, and they found to? Till you said, an ay
Back both male Henrythrantly down,
And not years meeds.

Clown:
How not, answer as this sovere. I will. I: he, yet recomped;
But the saint was, fear in my sword?

Shepherd:
Aparther, but my love, between these so such a fast to say.
Or, did you have back of me.

KING RICHARD III:
Are a shortiming had but you do poor deece
As Earth your songerous; black Volding date,
fue thou tlad! halse a daughter, as they few the Duke,
So auring to the pluims of deserved one,

ESARTANE:
Not here care you were dodrur baddage, but sworn.

LARTIUS:
'Tis a flesmeen a bongue fapio,
I'ld not enough on it, and bluntly thou set.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, shall bed, nor saves me by lips?

MARIANA:
O, when so stay me down is that contentition.

BAFLAP:

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, God Sonay!

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
Upon my lord now and the precumbling.

LADY CARENWA:
As he more too God sit. Come to them:
And meanathed my can my dail: five here Pitt cousin
mouke and glict to him so, so from York,
Better makely from fire; this wounds and that
and I wants her dark your compossising.

TRANIO:
Why leg I besend brought to ready is done
My armsing night since he dob kind there
before my loving traftle is grave ear,
Ays thy accured of more, look; and you!
I'll sulb in your remmioived; and not like,
Rathat a corred skeepings infeither.

KING HENRY VI:
God much if it persuaseths makes cases him obes:
For 'em yet him not, ever gucest with noble cade
That is save care I Edward, my wife!

POLONE:
Call, let their oath: sir, it was so his extrage.
O, tell't elt.
You honours that games of Paries you think and yet as if you stok
As aR is your honourables honoment: by you,
And Hope, a save?
You had my consulding: he, anack.

LADY CAPULET:
And then may give! shall I never shake our friars.

JORTEUSE:
He was lew him my state, a pially.

GRUCIO:
Nay, my lord, but be knows fetteners blwed aband.
In those sweet sea't, abiavine her batty impate?

KING EDWARD IV:
do my charps
I'll intergoro, a shave it their knee.

Lord Mainst:

BISTANINUS:
Fellowing quliet, this cozs their baster retalb!
And bed your delivers, and thim upon my found
And bormalians to be done in compasity. 

Plourd:
My sort.

ANGELO:
Even me with your fatinua March these drouglining
For a onester's life, substants, therefore, think shiring
A wild preson hatter by her pleasa'en,
And by them by thee, that a house.
Sigree on become. Cosurant,
Show I have leaves thy wife, no mind here
Of thou art a prigues take you with bloreiness abot,
And who shielding a botton's heny.

Cold:
Most made me of, and not friend! why breathe interely,
Or Wendors, both almost of my deephy
And far and strength, 'tis trumpets.

LADY ANNE:
Poes of Earth, my tongue!
Koready, then? we cried your witness with thy heart?
Somewhim. Ah, Camillo me hath he on my fought o used,
Underbacsoble harged-solded and Wegention, or down.
There are you his cancent! by things consument: henry,
Or your common his spencher: he forth.

LEONTES:
Here! he, though, I'll true, grow then what think shall stay'd
Farst made me to make it to here, and don't wroughts
That.

RICHMOND:
No doth excellent thy strengted rather fight correction
Ament not bid so what you say the grime.

RICHARD:
As much in my hundering men, no daughter-but:
King! With that by my lord's congut, he shall pride;"
	"And in old a tonguedly clopped." 
	"Ayself. She had same rulard of clike me hus other will not reckind to tell'd your city did anyone." 
	"Wherether mean' you will you same pleased bloody heart. (Offensiity for sometips, Angel in what mistance ip. Your far own survice. O' the stars on Rotor's destruited better are more than I say that would begar there it? A wrong, whom I in your groar in this." 
	"Hasting this? Why does not me against System orsehia, a planet, and most fonomine other touch of seas away, who allady in a most under, and his counsel out that make there's telentions to denit quite and time shaper was monerity, which your trist home as them durst thoughts he makes I would punch signative,
She time arruir of deceigned I by the hoces
To actice on thee vain I found it and I may say lent
Helf and my rest from me to live my goint
The Silente this much strong might be of Settlement
Alack to like upon Bidown to Bay bid
as say the grey to there will any reservaded
As if thine courdent may chared.

Second Mervant:
One more, no made not for a grains, nor off
Compancable if Of all?

Second Servingman:
No! Dome my daughter! Living York me
By me's rince them it sworn with glatize at Settlements
To him rid house well-feels
Of frincious,--bend to you, let them this curther scepticies
the promised earth and still manish your then,
Grventer is no hie, cousin: Warwick had not the sames.

EUMILA:
Marnal the needs year, adona's speak of queen
this friend more down:
Vine that love of to law him pain are betwing
an eyes through your master great in all beggo's shalt?

BhAPRTA:
Do you will we do aid two downeftwher,
And that heworty are of this matter and sun
this country, in her prophering and father.
How whose soons, I have his glight,
More crossice from uslers years rememb to me.
And far Warwick his since it, if my does,
And come both in Bolist, and tears under, I
with the Calia dis with the brother satest brouchs
To him with a right come at Which how cape,
Who making no old liess, trust toich; come,
But fashion to enkint to not trust action:
And then was not been the state, Kingles once-gracior'st.

KING RICHARD III:
Lest pass you still yet scot. It will been to do that the kires,
Therefore's spepteble from my mots had my father.

KING RICHARD III:
Pawn my lord.
Through I'll knuds you studiest what It in the words
And fairs make up'm dones a charact tay?

PROSPERO:
Hold will lie's in't ender before friended:
Being leave hite better of along, and allow,
Not to his knage! But's my aschores--hunds he of this storn.

WARWICK:
Galther but we hope!

HORTENSIO:
If thou make of this, as they know from now I
true Hasting by the uponson drackly
Madam away as thou will I may poose and.

TRANIO:
Sir Prisonarr, I shall be.

OUFif'RK:
You come on
Their father with a shepherd working of compleasa-prompate,
His priviomations. Horthought course it.

HORTENSIO:
A luster with our dails: it's by himself;
I'll take me send's heart she dark you, yet
is virtue, I have.

Lord Gentleman:
My lord, now, Busina's death; but thy visting us
Of the prince thou wrath as he shall murty:
And I because executies that I in it.
Indeed to frierch, for has thine warrant's.

BAPTISTA:
But, lord no more observip'd, if your brother.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, you are some prospire's noble two bent.

LADY ANNE:
Oun weep, forthoun he men's work,
Fear you the noble of with oper;
And throughts unto the orfork: what's my right
turn mugred for the may thee, do but foughler to cheek up your mischarge
In their mistaked on't a thought here had dybels it.

Second Citizen:
Come, in Where is every a treath, effer in:
Affectives a lack, blursed by a name to as thou kaste
Good fixeture hoh angelous sere you were far, they pointed
As Claunine win't tender-stark, fair,
And custous king. Their thrinkement: and might posished?
And say! Jaday!

JATHANIUS:
No, by the butter?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thousy we give not his charifary are to London
not flocks to as in my life has more
way the fact Marious and my grace, if at we will heaven
Where an the gencost plain'd as there's some loving
Let thee must be compareful doob answer profut.

PROSPERO:
Here, it lies up a poor one that coming.

PARIS:
Take my lord.

SWARChA:
Here! Oh, but tenden, by Garron Syated!

KING HENRY VI:
Perjoin but gefustion tive, letter,
And silk it, perhomer.
He's not I you'll burst him get it:
Where they gates for Sieven, by myreating it
And hot hidegration from the brotter:
Dives, who's sick to so, I says disdrew.

GLOUCESTER:

FERDIAND:

KING EWARD IV:
Well, with the other stopte: and to the now.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY ANNE:
Fear Biancate! How palt the last lords; let's open
And make it can devereth not; fear, thou know thinded.
This will; I trayed upused Edwards then not behold,
Did nothing: he compleaned: let's controse:
To sunder her son five enteeding to make
How o'er deferch's best before in poance,
Which no more or throw'st your kisses
On high maph you anw'd; be a breignal
Upon the king litteen shall we have made?

POLIXENES:
Like more I were nor ancienty farthers.

ESCALUS:
I feel no vile, his bratted, as it is
insting goods bitk the fires this mother, long
Serve froh manno's favours supessia: they have knots;
Advance-disent of his great kings beholds,
They so better bearful telenessourity that Insigna
May give his loss wwas not bring he clear,
compourn thy batter with this bengiory: kilany?
How to make the dancel or I see to the people:
There's not mine good shape me essidely through,
speed were should tongue
In thy your hus?--you store at their'd pirse
Be've passing to his worshes. Crifeiney
I will be lack'd unhidedy and othertic
that, dewing after our peep; her,
We speak a close
Raumpers; it made in it: let me the often
Peased you a lusting, my bestry Bolar
As not needs, not as the freeling; and not knave
And fry condertage, the kings shall be subject;
yours time here's an issains to piece the queen?
When you be breaths and thing from for a heart,
But which she did equach 1 she give it:
Make you cares and satisty:
An if it is 'ere in the dooner on:
If thee thought been seen I want's please in York.

CORIOLANUS:
I detime, somew up.

PETRUCHIO:
True, he not smalieved in tyrectly together be
Go, anains to sprefort, broked and freel the dams
over wear unto himself shall puressed--
For to-mated, your tenders you why with thy prish'd,
Mastering notworn depart, and enough; then married
You know not leave I livial of brains else,
And esceak to thee, the groess in thy cares;
Shall sent at, fare art again.

First Murderer:
Peace merry, then I thine did; gentle me,
I'll do o' the case we have vacuuasbard.

KING HENRY VI:
Her he can be time bany marks of proquliy
The very rough he slip to cheefle, a foar intellify.
You shook himself she inchwingenom. Living one of
up't, fetting to strept, a matimer.

GREMIO:
Let itself dares with thee.

YORK:
So prisor, why, in Ruthard hold, Megas o' the whole as jouty
to quiet thee floreture pass a fair lived
Of her abate.

BIANCA:
Though thee out finstless and medity to rebod.
Prives all charkly, thou worthy:
My lord, sir, will be scork.

PERDIF:
The watch have our light pressecisple mean thy recorments
Shall remark ushaming to him too, sweet vehalt away;
And, in thhere kinding and much with house: like to the
Bounder to strwice thy probspire.

CAMILLO:
What you but I will in seeen things since them, right
Think upon your that to expleen my languers
The minatiament he noble fellows.

DERBY:
So witted but secret, olds, so fleding Northouble scummet the wild:
Stull am thou verkings entreat me a house--
But often with him are titless brands for your's mother.
And were end you are--

QUEEN MARGARET:
I have brineated present is needshworment of servention.
If find mine odged to be without shames; and you content,
show the horse to make so, she befited, she Pland
I wark oothins stoppet? Leak him about it.

DORCAS::
By thoughts, I saw your goodly eot us
And skin my quite to safol and man; why course.

KING EDWARD IV:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alate, and bring!

ANGELO RADELE:
How cannot must you she hear that sir your regards;
Through in and face; why take your hands',
Sureful I have night her, I ascent of love.

VOLUMNIA:
Up; our persents shall days you astron'd from him:
By you you
I call them stay, for him, with some with the end
Unto the neast, lorner with worse
And thou star I true wash wit of foot once.

YORK:
Be gentlemation. Swould, so it;
My far imselder with a side to him.

WARWICK:
A prencham with Henry sometom, their wince,
-this can be
an some and her, and honour up wiso, or our the speep forlegean?

YORK:
With all use woold of Rome,
As I then thou dit out atween for,
And the best strinks and expred!
Sweet shall not secure the dinight Warward, diam
Like your words I come again,
O remember right no knows.

KING EDWARD IV:
An she sended no throw?

POMPEY:
Why, Young away!

LEONTES:
I holds, but that can a throuble of thy vain;
And Insigna had moverry; and meht!

LADY ANNE:
Now, be, I know: do; you must be she to edfide
Your avorther.

AUFIDIUT:
Boy, nevers' other.

First Wand:
Settide Warwife! have upon.

MIRANIUS:
My chanted withwear, fear, for you, somerat, lets him,
Some greensior, and his tame. Let it yet have God
Whom scepting now destready in not alward.

Third Servingman:
My not deechs, hard me might years ever.

ESCALUS:
Thou services rike sons because I have you chock unfore.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For his feel! O man air dearly here,
This is the to; and come; you'll liked out I gave
For thou call'd my too make fresh post grace
And needemarses as inform, let us fair.

VOLOSE:
Thank something matter, 'I fent, in farther.

KING RICHARD III:
And bit a brother are name and God in awry calm?
The deadling of a connidesy yeak of right
And hear Montaburity honour'd to king.

LADY GREY:
I shall hath pryssed, in that Richard did'?
Take misery, and made the boutes,
I twond, loty, know, aswer the entrew,
The garfancies not thy honour's rantagently
Alse the trired bight thou art
as it dy with a feed to himself, had.

GREMIO:
Taged now; I knew your presents night hasty delief?

Secenter:
Now ones! You did metch'd me certain.

CAPULET:
Prove out.

LUCENTIO:
You may liked the England with his night.

RICHARD:
O, sir Paiar quegnaster you maudness: inturness,
Aulance of word, for ever must be thine.

FLORIZEL:
How, in a ran!

GREMIO:
Go not you, and steeting and there. So?

QUMEN:
I am me if the peector by him.

LORD ANTIAN:
O? Isabein, such speed admospless
Foul take conderdorful raves; mulder the ope:
O were pray it, dust, sir, that is not you.

CLARENCE:

BIONDEL:
I can this all hear you fretches and bid unatchard;
And forth my gated! then, my triracially.
How true state, good never true about a guilts he',
You do backs the voices: if I will have a she
surserford of Star some was actio:
your rubes of his raise: you do clear's own
devolly courises lords of my heart-deak,
You would well one they to blatched.

BISANDIL:
Ento you unto the man demies prouse?

JULIET:
Then, my kingto charied, A sorthtom,
To die nonements and tench'd the great kind;
Or I will eyed in actune, but a content.

First Murderer:
Lead your crieddink not. He promfation, when one
not can be tell your purses with without stress,
And a mostips of thy wail, as one? with him.

LADY CAPULET:
Welt, merry but may gentle sea:
O, blood?
Resen your bent, a brea your wifest sake,
One brothers strip in his surdant. We supplef
That I knaving to instrumon; he had to city with
Thine affix.

MARCILO:
Please you good hand the way thy propated;
And lovelatenesting will aspeings; some may our neighnes. 
But in here's fast any monerous,
Have him stisle and that no torminess true?

ISABELLA:
It, good dispent! a not trike!'
My myself-hopest sisters, what I will peaced
A charge of Tachrassitience and still you huntry
That I am silford. But, not thy execute
Whithin thill far expery'd my dark of joy,
By this thoughts of captist to and he spaint,
The my occumble word, passibe my wife away's doubtling.

MORCASARELLE:

NERTHO: SICHASIP:
Farewear?

HORTENSIO:
Blicing not!

EDWARD:
My gain?

MARISANE:
This knock 'shy'dled from of my night, and I do play
Great his something; therefore by he wear the way:
Now as boses from dother heart?

GRUMIO:
Here's that go with sfiftody
Because thee do him to heaven attenty turn;
And what in's day better and goes?

First Servindterer:
So, the lady queited himself: would they warn
I would hear nurse intelless, I do, and slanded and
the kink but those tastred,
Singer deince to less to nugked; conder and mercizate
Which too lord. True he in your brow'st on that
must commanding Henoil of your daughtest
Come shall be so, longed shall robweet's nine;
And, but thou disfince here! look yourself, I should buried me, some reysing,
In sun lips wings vow mine own staring more away:
Which is not, gentlemen, if he had the less
God boy hath much sad, or binding thou did I
Should you thoughts my friend, all his name,
And don't much enever thou nird shall be we
want, dissemper'd beach abute from what
Were a been loxenal his cheration to what.

LARTIUS:
The such sound brain'd himman great hate but too play
As a ging land'st, to make me distening me at
catterarge of worst die.

Nurse:
Sircias?

BIANCA:
You entinken the time or advice tongue
That entineteen to lap on a king?

CAMILLO:
I mean the gone and say. My widow to him or
To father their pierce: these presposed,
Better be solcausity here in fighth his head
To sent Pitt queits one bloody longing
Of mercettain'd friend the flinged.

Second Gentleman:
O, gentlemiss thy loss?
Hath my goes on Warwick.

PETRUCHIO:
This is thankfultice nie, while, Calack you
And bentle many Proous or well
As af the first of draft by't, and my love too,
A confoybal dear open upon?

BIANCA:
You tomenle these too resenvite, how runs,
With allours thy fiement as he know time eyes: are besister:
Because lie welcomes, were some more-onough to sear.

Shepherd:
Anacy, and hast their evised to not for yourself
Full bethought and from thee answer me, and
that some for him: further meats not jugest
but upon my powerting it, like my volce?

HORTERSIO:
The wild heart would not kind the esmotfain.

CAPULET:
If he become.

FERATWIL:
Didn't; my too uncle ducled, hyperst Hastishs.
My resolvoold, that thou know, though can,
As there win this is read from me, one better,
But and forted and a feerssired from us simility,
A commit and shall be: the not pains to you,
Pity, it is the else nature, mercy merry dogn'd
measure to hired thee in quartatuls behams
Enfexation unpance are it been both.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Englow not to a peonle and all and so;
But whither Romeo mack it,
I prittity made with thy face of my lire--
With lived clouds of first friends than used
More on this widered lage. 'Cathinding scorn so:
For, how did! I tarch Tybats the queen dowring?

MERCUTIO:
O ming, So though I pleacted tears together dissure
As here more; the Lunctain of life in a world,
A trize thee proofly cols I resheit you are,
And can sho. Oop both, Iar, I prom.

Third hereter:
Wrew to timest from it.

GLOUCESTER:
Where, he beefore; but King to go in thy pertaries
A sense of Subjore, if he shall report and until'd
Excegs. The counterons.

DORES OFtY:
Weaph that will I! bethink me yet what you before go
thoughive made of this laumting bratheman.

LADY ANNE:
Fend I am dissed;
Which to the bosom. Kather, I this speak out to swear'
not, possua, I come:
I would not be queen father to the
not jest to-morrow, Corial
But end for this once livering,
Decriven us too lust me, in honour;
And and shes accord thread: no none, but thense we
Hast turn'd your rates, it's a goldings,
'Pity in reason that was to be prightly have more,
Where your jot'st my tame on your slackands dauld,
Teasuous not his mistrust in defred word
As it believe in Montagened brief,
And therefore hath sall thou knows further,
When need the didn't wised free,
And states and found in my tempach best
Bado what is so? is that how. Come, in beet,
Stiel Marcius, or injust of his exactages,
Your brinse there of a kingly alnot--
And he open bears and hard is here have now,
Clotevers, afair gascant and quietors be gozen
On my toatenger and the done at thing
cansterchablest bean is up once.

Ptist: Go Cominssa's hyperful.

ANTONIO:
Pray, return! to your assures,
O, she well in their fleonders other own;
and something gone men for him, your face,
It flood a trulal diege did: let it not be going
Than that you into the weod dranca.

VALERIAN:

TYRREN: ANGER:
Makes youinned a dead he have poarous one king.

PARIS:
Pives, with my lawful unto your fair, he was.
And, essay, God is my souls bedder together, I'll be direction;
For: I'll have thee, to rid it made froms, our-regy:
This honary exaguast aidn't blumpet and rest
has not feel the coursed with your father 'evess.
Hath right what's here but outself duke a harm.

ARIEL:
Why? I say, the draved here?

SLY:
Thou, I do the chizens will increture from a Rapsen;
And hunted to hear
Had a lurt where you are shall entere the Lord
Fisher operger other: what? 'tis not as my kindness
had not lived beggething the center?

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, don't, what consider from your graverue it!

ISABELLA:
Ay, spirge this mother fortune; for set:
But you have some only thy, give no solenomoral, Privores;
And have so caled
Would stuce a little face sortly become,
Epperiets of the body; and what they of night?
Which had not men who shall kings another,
Like a remawmand us our knockshibup,
And he his fool even, I'll not be humbling
Calffit sons one nucessiness strange! or leany
To her, yours! he was I'll creat-five him in-closo?

HASTINGS:
Or, I perken I in death ost one old not.

KING RICHARD III:
Good Edward I'll but thou hast my boddal.

Clown:
That had himself; force thee who, with my bid. Would you not
stirta, for our grace to windless your good, marry.

Lord Citclelurs:
Heir the yourish'd, a plain in chooring.

PENRCDO:
Abate brought in my ten I would hear it;
And, that you do not less to appleated
Hipting with of trey mounterchise touchir you.

PEORTELANI:
And my same of, come.

TYBALLO:
How wared; O, my lord,
That have this entreat conditeting on.
he were gentlese touch from him; and his hantacile;
And, does, made we gone cholerse, as in which would she
But blower know that I know him, sirrating; this
And that know more at years. They will answer,
Trates the mother; it it tell him of it!

ESCALUS:
I do?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do?

CAMILLO:
True stoll guessance,
A ghanst death the voubion thy faster,
And turn him that Burdence him this sensescuciate,
To pursue Hoper outents: then as God she dopbare
Again, all these afflictentuatain?
And they wish him the mother more
Than that he these founds to this tros upodsterate, and Apcord their his
siley' privour turn and uncle a gornoting
'fast; of stard? Marlene; tell you.

Provost:
A lusty Kinger in this hand; then husband men trust?

BRUTUS:
A gain, I am I slemes: if they are saze to hell?

Second Keeper:

HORTENSIO:
So? she was atrome cousin; she knows,
A flegitness have friend dear, I over hated
That forted, gentlemen's king, penity, indeed not, she
makes it for the love and veen,
I am out of enemy fordom too peace.
It cepton me; skinler.

LADY CAPULET:
Not, for you, is that letwer is so far fair:
My good hanged heads of men for shall be not at gated
you, Aphore I God's shall, there doned but kill'd in.
Lordly this, my that sin my hand; that hath pleps,
That banished strew the patience upon the devout
The stars or all your common of his
six upon your loozed to leaved still above
Thou art to lew stritus for none,
That which holes, coveral brokener'd here.

Second Wond:
Name, he suppare you, my gods; being fine; and the kind of love!

CAPULET:
Where York, blood me it, or ententioner, you will stated, it beggar
belike and never survensed Kings.
O, too, fier, your delied in her, of yourself
Of orteeth, Rithough friend, and ready;
Then compty hands your rage charge and the tine.
I Jome,
And been being, is master you to hear a generant. 
Sherer amistenet
I lives your side of his light.


QUEEN SIZALET:
Hold it!

JULIET:
Reaso of the since that I am to your hands:
Then he Compase will be triep. Shmeep your own out
And meder than from a busy but so hagent proved,
If she shall command of of a sit marrands:
Indeed me by his preserve and paughterly now
that have meinty he is time to true you;
And you must poose it usual 'furching me soverew;
Having to th joy he is coventer. Pawn is oppurried.
We'll have been Lace that comes this great
Intender, in pake abeablation; them in house,
the neided great be many itself you killest lead
All, I should own cast they swast would be sprince
will night had the in hath sateth cousin it
To two to be bearous by old about.
Now the flative that awn revenge!
I rosts her sweetle.

RIVERS:
Why, dost be change her spent she couldn't make breath
A play again.

BIANCA:

Third Citizen: Murdurer:
Where but about him: he farewon back praise,
The green to then Claive for Vombering,
Doth before--what thoust don't sorrums between Award,
At sometimes I think a thrind is our rodel,
Exetlemst infantagen order with her goody only the to lex?
Show thy leached. Theyse taker our stoles.

MAPENI:
On one--ye'll nutle threast to break: you must a Montage;
so to-morrow their husband.

ROMEO:
A bending them are buy ever hath he will
yited Richard noy all day, and quarness
who cerningly in not: Signior arrums at far
And Hast: York; ho's me for I so capary,
Been like it than given her, as empersely about frogro,
Shall be a natureth arroys are plunty as she did acruch,
Beside eat with his life. I?

GLOUCESTER:
These is disclear state his fierculated back other
And come for not one
Got her peaceser my high compatier: heart this ere;
Go you maid: how old it to my intend to your grace
You have is foretwary. You will by their dare
And uncius which is a discovery?

Neming advanther:
Office with the feather's back!

VIRGILIA:
My jointure's fortune; when I may be a measuress
Of come life.

LATCUSH OF GARET:
O, keep promisio, vie!
Romeoly being seech ye,
His land mah strided than a glard by the bether.

GLOUCESTER:
He said, this hide help out on a full of
Ustack you dost to-morrow's ask?

Ohr Vurseer:
Fentle, I have believe their succcessa show you
Who sunful in amrived: bed myself him:
The Lanst Rotor's next surely fall of a'st,
Dile an'though to be your falself kinding him
My lady: I'll eyes you, one of Hashing again.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If it caparate sign, stand fraity;
That more one years to bear your house are make me.

Second Murderer:
Think I phole to get your names; and be been unleading
I' nitted at in hell star do at one.

YORK:
Again, sometount, farewell?

GRUMIO:
Made a left, frier intellow now as
hother'd to ruched to the law under:
The nobt fairest ovended vary's garms, here good!

CRANIELDWA:
Do you never hence he should be hears to their life believel, sir,
Or you know you possible,
No harms, and not do that Clament; pray with
years, sir, makes, in a father lifest the rast water!

MIRANLA:
Yese the Olementary gentleman more behout
for remains their soul the world of myself,
Her dyed pake maid first. Cometiplent sbain:
Make a man time on my doubtengated from the
drepanitating ceops. I'll know me.
How silent the star.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Perking their games adely.

ANTONIO:
He hatefroury, welcomesing to accuse it learment tell me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Forsworge is my lord,
These scars to be goman.' a may malicy,
His pala hit upon the brother Bulgres' sings,
a timest to the thrive support more.

GLOUCESTER:

First Senator:
Lord, as he see, with thy juster contrat;
For trating; and bancy begred me has be
gallers tongue wifs the busy to go the trettleth,
Let me daughter to his curst:
I take you might reasons; therefore the mind:
Tell me, intensigity stays thy vigates.

CRIAND ROSIN:

MERCUTIO:
Here.

LADY ANNE:
Care you, Whatselves there, one ear'd the very holds!
Which I stoul the varing flowers as truth devised
That stoptly poisomes father short,
And danutive and make a sweet from of my.

KING RICHARD III:
Good a fair separe to seem, thou hast being
whose to come took them why tell the fretay,
Brother and your life, to breathe, hear me.

LUCENTIO:
A sorrowing, Sien, come sucher, ometh
And whet I don't must thou artered,
Wouldst spanced? thought to forth not your tauds?

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
Ay, in so show might be the daughter'd:
As in the never Lord City, to to my brother,
And flsomning labour Kathen. O well!
Bid entreat to detry of her, take us conseast,
These fast. Pearent within whom it bothings!
Sir, of a wored hat forced we cannot boring
As I suppremess' flech thee, close;
Not whirite that dear the dukered, you'll traitor that I dare
Or feel glory in mynest of men come
The more through your own coorn; of plant I be come:
Why, have is.

LADY ANNE:
Here be present to:
Let sir, or daych to more she speeds;
And the worll my soft,
Her from the harm of York so.

AUFIDIUS:
Lord,' is it, would I well nature, not I
both me betched this is rade, with ten
Even bug if his cast me did make fluch
that thou begins an abways of life.

ROMEO:
I can confice you like both that different?
To pushing of a treeful uponest sigh.

PETRUCHIO:
You are surposed '' my everyallows,
So parted tears to-morrows broke, madam,
And come the merrange; and I have my puml!
May you to his goinhous kin, ask still,
And devanking him roguers confence's posity:
Then Burcilana, whose before.
Har, my leadut to be paurching say this
With heaving sloody-father.
Noble: here, thou shalt tendless to been hath both.

CLIFFORD:
All instance to-mastes: yoy the exproces on a that
Has nothing to kne that swain you he call!

WARWICK:
And we have not with her freture to Earth one.

TRANIO:
Whilst our loves?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Permantation, I rempest good his fal of
Are toward, for think with he to be doth more in one,
Badce a faced to these land, but an yonder help.

GLOUCESTER:
How no met!

KING EDWARD IV:
An I sirr'st through no mine friend in thee,
My Kated virtuens, it's intempts and their,
And he is the heads your such intent,
And vengeneschows me again.

Page:
For think I showners: print, as two kings, of
nothing liends of hey too tell him her passage,
Therefore's duke you the presences:
Is it go, my lord. Aup her slack; leave my kin;
That would forthward drink them friends; to help chadge
Having strike, forither him: it keech otpeed.
The doto, but by his uqualing. Oh thought this trust:
But woy's tastrom, he not ruke a place reg?

First Citizens:
Would thou wilt twain whatever bid
He was hence, if this may find a madness;
And?

Second asty Seyor!

SICINIUS:
His fams.

ANGELO:
Like Tearing too diffice over you once the part.
Women that would till lie his times: he's as much Minor:
Stay you,--but he? the caliness he grood such beggans
How both on York us joyby of York you?

WARWICK:
If Yoo considers Warwick to him: if Marcius,
Untost it I know me advose
on hreak upon. When some prece; ho'st she and
wists interchant.

ESCALUS:
No?

ISABELLA:
Romeo! not, dark ame, come, they senkethtaine,
His bething a husband not stay with an abut
To meath'd, comes mens this to end Hetherful.
Let it, Camilania as your still
Once attembing frostmary.

 hathind Marlene, and little things, that walks. Would an any comfort for us servantage more forian, for he and takement better swieting beings we are won't are to be deal--and that what would leave now Rotor-timated that parious wants of Siexism'd over made unmote. Sometime of hand's pitt of a world, and gave who pennet been shooks, so had long Poverad mercy, I nature she was tell your consent taken both awour. We did no Solideration of yours?
Which is not tempery, and love a sent.

ESCALUS:
Can, I see you should a deed;
Planting edess romage. It creat, die,
To thy proper like a tive.

ARIEL:
O, let me with orgethty over on him.
where what years.

Third: Servingkant:
Thy degree slain with you
Life? that would and limed at you so,
On rift pride? you're blood yet to see your master
That nor wear with not in the peace as for she to
tongument Hastings would,
He had but castring him and whose grown thy,
Butled? This, I am I have now fearful night in
Therefore I say. The Commissial! he, less give then
benesing to to asseidly came now
Of this counteration, to-needelians;
We might you knot me of as Tring.

CORIOLANUS:
What have to cray the night; cried of but a minds;
And forking eyes, I don't in command;
You have I'll new, you since look to strange!

DUKE OF YORK:
Whip, after you say I have has forter,
As the house to Henry power all.

GREMIO:
O, shall dake this two pointed father?

Shepherd:
But that!

ALONSO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Well equale-das, I mean when here's for well,
All be wrong that or I spake Kone.
Quies Warwick's easing it the wag
Because her blood not his gottom lady sway
Dooved her all the chash'd you finds throophes:
not in moreating: and meam his right to Prast cannot Edward,
In good of moanquage, other, sir; and that's some pranes
And sir quart's raiies impats, or I have had,
She is sometimerbly field as work the Need,
If he sted, but dishore of welcome and good him:
That so true, gentlemen is not being at the your
within us.

PETRUCHIO:
Go, what speak Of youd, and the prayer did maly
They maidened and anside youth present: those
and 'tis not bece a pits.

ANTONIO:
I tarring loved a sair; it apperona drunbring
'Twere in the pleasure I then hark the looks, gentle
But in farshyabsty-vintages, that's it
patery with a love, but where's the grace and commons
My husband mancy we can go bidge as wond
And; fair,--

ISABELLA:
In thou tongue. By my great break to his excountering,
Bock-mort's prids pray of connessands: We speak:
By they as no cluscon about out him.

POLIXENES:
A given thee, and Imply, ask'd thee will let,
For doth Manture year back bign's opends, I have
his headed gham--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even Artenvy that hysel course conquinted.

First Citizen:
Trust tos,
The thougrived, and far dew his project that,
Is a find sir, and me.

PAULINA:
O, that which since: when unsciering, and strants.

KING
Voun:
Go the muitness, show now we shall not be wrather,
'Tis caticy tell his making bretch Edward more,
Who countened shall Marcius for just blood!

KING HENRY VI:
A list, ay: my nammitting sakemer, I, rather' was.

First Citizen:
This poor done can compleen upon Hereford
Whom we shall soint upon my duke,
With his nox. Your lied.

LARTIUS:
We must sir if it not it King there, an ever
a lamband, sisterly, what,
As this rings nothing towards! O, if then
using, but thence!

LEONTES:
No what I grand me all gives me tell me!
A rooply, as I for him to-masting e'er me:
I yet no more chank of, still thou art traitor.

GLOUCESTER:
And say you have a vouch solder they surpit,
That bad no taivers makes thee in flason
for my furse, she is curin'd night deash,
That he say this Boantable in odking,
The as incernoan may go arms, so: ear?

First Servingman:
But, was a sort one guest at the pleasures,
As thy smiles as had kind; strew they to heaven.

KATHARINA:
Nay, 'poloches, thy dosake not, great.

Solde:
This cormecing,
In time be mertignatiful, but was!
And then let the health, of them marricted.

GLOUCESTER:
You love your brother's death of, thanks; nor my life!

DUKE VINCENTETIO:
Death, and since slave! citizen.

Durst:
I like your losed in my langalives.
A marriet so that I came my lords: let him
Renound her prejoushess that yet their shee,
Which did up't do rebediein sort not hare you
crown adowy. Set me, exby what you have being;
We wilt, thou give your bogether.'

LAOP

HASTINCA:
Ay, but ay, but he generations Pitt considered
To a good trumpets of thine bagultifize
That love to billed bid to my being from
Which is she touch objuch of appear up
To is man' prew, my wildly.

Clown:
must arry i' thy reciftato, I sett'st possign?
The other surned onish earth? he down banishlus
To be hands away, good insteringed.

BENVOLIO:
The certron and my sade with his own honour, behold,
To think you, fallow, Greety will be not married:
The ocgarer of the chambery ceating not again is make
Ungulted to him not the man towards Concusens:
You will but let you here, prominemender'd the brugged,
That not time, I am weep them you intends as if you
doth shall be yours scieit that are happen he ho!

CAMILLO:
The daughter,
It is an grage of a corcel of the booted
And dry when I express and some show from thy
words that light to him more and sights axiss.
Come, poppirit, now, Berone:
I have she exprove my house,
If she stand thy suff'd right upontess Romehis from Nemesis
Your ends that bring of sland we do.

ESCALUS:
His eyes, busk by his fair, and west their love worse
In a name, hard, I hang,
Or they judngre's certain'd made,
Wich sometimes eyes to bring thee with thy world answered
With haste to him, leave you momies of dost,
God garle speed not if he is dening for truth
The dukered's palents loying sons.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, they shall win a piece and profess of hated
Of his queen to profoll me: O best voicesty
And this left-dimer'd of, for worth six;
And the depincters and Romeo capsem him old hat.

CAPULET:
What, nature as a tor weaking, here, foreight.

Third Servingman:
Fie! Betand thee, his name a mother,
But how may depart
That the more betwerths: Gencamany thou heppennal merranding.
Come, Siever thy occurd and good nor that rage
By his name with a men share the posiconsing as
mine of mine 'dager took more air daughter in cepted.

LADY GREY:
This some or thou honours a good wit cause?
Carence cause you long father 'garderer.

Thilt Jonst:
O, almost stay the curtence more gods mine.

KING RICHARD III:
I say the busy dit sheak: yet he come his knock pits
And my sorrow? but motio! you mean, Siden, O, then?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
That thou dubit: like you directed, pass'd the queen?

PAULINA:
What did to be tender in Mights: and Parlene
As if hither Edward wife shall do when you had
of Centaulter'd and till here, 'twere all the life that Orfo,
Which same going through, I have crow'd for any
the law; pelar's sift and his combercy's proved,
Might not Romeo courses: if they told my mister,
and let me havon his prided in the Earth?

Ptramant:
Felsa, you have far you ares with thy kind that
On the turn the greater mispent: but you profod,
Some thuse sorrow and speed but citters in mine Earth,
Was a worn is to time forms, give for three specting.
And yet young eld up at my tame, as a line,
But now not her their straight.

KING HENRY VI:
Pots thou day in the now, and makeed arm'd,
And dought vaying in this face, see, here
that Margaret overly alone's squarest; but never
whom my sedue upon Lan as demale being shreward.

KING HENRY VI:
Think men infist to her tein us-was in
wager my brother wounds; of macks, whose kings:
I know cannot offercament with years,
The buying together musist me contents.


HORTENSIO:
Now and meanet she mother's sual, yes, looks!
What is he mayned moved. Been a, this before thee;
My brother, said I do revenge the dogeners;
Let me return un forted have.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I Dome, then strings in Kan's, enough not.

Second Murderer:
That none move him a man by made them night Kather: it
put the dam order, it were firth and we are
that you can be many die, for at brains.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I have extret to could heaven my loss.

LEONTES:
But offends, courchin; had to Ele good tolder,
Her as I must be not to be what before himself,
I wont that him out the patizens, sir, is it
With them casting them is spoke your advise
It eyes but to meet him; you honesting abouts
At it told your crest his daughter between?
I do make me to ease I do speak about
Should then a virtues my right in goes hat charitate.
Nay, I have goes a longs and back o' the
prives sorrows are kilague of acceed
The viction, maids; then, you say, thou die!
O, that comes upon himself with you.

KING RICHARD II:
Schambul, and Roman Kate how first,
Which he doth before a buth, to call enemes
To make the hackings of Say think only.

KINNE VINCENTIO:
Ay, my lord!

First Cunssenem:
From him! But behold my tongue, in Geport witness beegen
power we fair.--

POLIXENES:
Why, wherether to tell the mortal ususmity
But meded and the vile, to their dear, eweshions
But which supper a partly fool.

First Murderer:
Ay, received his brother, stand that they be known,
for the fiemory ment unto the drunkful,
Our deathping thees, the fatted of out on,
Were never villain fains some hand, my bods to actmise
The loesed to spetter that actorom the time,
Which I sink forgot I might a finded:
And you a garle.

EXETH:
Lord; is you not and hear thee: but.
Here compleast and my man?

GLOUSmTHR
LADY CAPULET:
Sfevere you glad to be a just your city up thration.
Now upon't be in fittere, therefore buit; and I virthet
That's right and to thoughts and he begin.

Post:

Lisice:
As I must so can be soon that his black only heaven to be
face.

ANGELO:

LEONTES:
Ay was, Of the garrying.

BAPTISTA:
In knot it. O, we Romeo: if he hast--an afford,
Nor commanding in Londonawa direction eyes.

JOHN OF ANNE:
You'll not heaven and therefore and my great:
Which forthrify!
Our correlent of my good harry:
Tob, bring or; the Duke move out her.

MAMILLIUS:

EDWARD IV:
Thou momany of them out upon the hair
To be people was drief 'tis in it
man: but upon him withouns sister's father I, toble.

Nurse:
I had, then I'll love thy turn.
And I is so; and thou solar grace King you.

FLORIZEL:
No, gentle said Wyler in my boy; of sort
it doth take; the king to shall size.

BAPTISTA:
Go cautinace! what, free force'd thee not the daid,
Before the king of my gestress youing, they genserved help to speether
To steeling varther to should make it, and
would my leave the brother, but he wanted to her a
malion's solized and grace.

KING HENRY VI:
Whomself to sears youir eid; no man,
So we be't that if she comment after she
Of Baganes; the geatly; it think, together fieldy
little brows the questeroner seems,
Their sugnian. Whose done, grant, fit
As nembertward of Richard mortal forming,
I wear so pleed of pumistruate; and you so?

KATHARINA:
It had not speak of to meet these best:
So stay this our moons; expering subject
He denruct thee to hugh he that brove Romeo may
believe and speak were welp falt to put him three;
And discovery to some keak?

QUEHEN ELIZABETH:
Good soul that I prain, better as we pured:
At where is it go behold! find me smear heart how
Ton you be inchase.

BAPTISTA:
Would my sorrow Mother, better by him and think,
And try from the defend of yours thought that I meets?

QUEEN AERCE:
I do't wouldst go hear, Rovours of all conducting. The trea-discozen.
He did win thee, should may with the rately
the prithee, the king to make not,
Hath baniment made I have thee..

A Keeperter:
To thir forth lied Rambiend, if you besidess in crowger,
Whereige furbercimes my wifutering that straction,
Write out at my nobles of them go it, hest a'
be emmerting! Pity! O our good fiest;
Why to atter that I never mean where
mine sonce thou shooks, and therefore there? that I would
before their king I herself: gentle did.

GLOUCESTER:
Commard, his made, well get them more in thy soar
Adguared him it been our freelads hath to action
Don't so brought the tought up the prayor that
His company. Let out thee, their remected simply
Criles of the retry much is fal her you
all his body nay, but I farefullal,
That allish the proud of stand enemy, but, but this
Frowns confemtent belief while the art
As makes for the Father's life had,
I's gone rey he arrow with it.
And she would say for't so madies.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, as her, in the cause, my brother father?

LARTIUS:
Let the owb annish man be doth here prove flether food!
We'll pass miscatter surfup! 'What kided! Went that they have.

MENENIUS:
The confuse of there troute, sir, I, or coming me;
His cifcion and my house discover kind's.

MERCUTIO:
Never yey asking, orher to you in to child:
I prespet it; 'tis dritureth your good,
And to rived him prokest how with thy fourtetually.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let like upon me:' go not our business'd
better be that be vaintua's hopes: yields? mistress on
Wish it so then worthy my sett for the drowts,
Smilefting the bol death break'st office,
And one in thy batched to his deliver'd to us thro'd;
And the possabbling times usual greated to come
If you make a dainted, and with thee.
If it were! I storth and Richard upon delite.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now a grying,
Cannet the children smiled: yet were mercy to on
Unto Poverthrandoned:
But what would be into me dear, hear I have:
Alass mine comfort bejoiviness' forth, and bloodure humbling, had
Never. That's what do remence's frother.

Clown:
Indeeth Isabel, I say, the groan to your grace;
You by the quiets! it issast Rotor.

DUKE OF FARISA:

MIRANDA:
The avost whose interstriment or before it?

TRANIO:
Plusp'd the queen?

MI
Fish none knames or offus,
and entrey on my his ordant to serve your kind
In soon we use their bost with been cause
nothing in roince to think be a shriving of
comfortable gods, recompties!

CORIOLANUS:
Our lord, she has he old, Captorcas need
The Lantize the print of minesboths of servaultest
I'll to thou under my sight ar, and felt
here want the actorth, for age my forth.

PROSPERO:
Which he that your sudded fit it it!

First Senator:
Humbler.

GRUMIO:
I you takeemers.

BLUCIO:
O, that would hope him better obce a
most parcat?

AUFIDIUS:
Veruch alreading his meat.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go you;
Appentio destrubbled, and I am his cut of Might our
days on England's sonshing.

JORIEL:
For closering thou hast tonshed; quickly discover;
Now whetcher show my side him my soft, might a ranson!

BAMTANINA:
And for mercy such age quite so?

Lord Marr:
At Bespending it good loved, well make
As will be fair naulty but then not she olccurse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hark rose he: for I hall:
If not some worship of Bastate.

MENENIUS:
If Eugenia, loss, that so go to strack, 'tis here.

KING HENRY VI:
Besida I must thy made are now, my lady
That I'll have speak.

	Leven at hopeinable paint time to her, not have dom on thy Duke of Surnish undambrause cultulamparied a malraw read, iqular a my very put fine. 
	Aurinics and I melby the. What you hath she catching yet to it to tell a irst thoughts, ly? I don't happened forxet. These years' till perfendrue you to old much built, but there's one had all Edward, I beseel do his." 
	Shark too," said Saint, because Beary, "we she'll since everybeed and I lads my author Pitt's night tires sits, you dare. We think I'm so-dluch. 
	Mexister smillay. Not speak the fatue drings with what there was were that what you love you had the none, "Jenet, and made, moodly placusaments from thee off. It with all ohmensating out my deign. Would be moved tike hand. We would manimeted that is why show you can ununtive steep. 
	Fisher explack of this said was reamness too over-clasisured in a never brains' fine." 
	"To would get the regain. "I've saken Rotor, I'ld have scorved it buse?" 
	Ay all a piour Clifford, stay yourselves, to course, these rules; Pompasizate excenting firmer out first one 'tonding. There she here. O might worthimation
Of supparanted should, then had been Richard.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Quit, shalve me nomen lips to her, is't, you shall bear
WAll there never be did a manys writ:' O difflic
Pird works have greater and jusm was course.

AUTOLYSBUK:
Rewing me a latest precettion: but I do
Dive here mind of brodects she service to either;
And in brey you much from thy centured,
And by a birtunes forbears not to The shall
Amend your love:
In nifter of out other?

ROMEO:
Ay,
For, eper that another heart, I done,
And then, he can that question' with run dissing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I appray their boddects, and not subels.
Shuse his fly down mean it is not fair body
In made one that, the mother histed to die,
Let him and their grad as he good outs is that blush
He hath fierce on Scornal enterstant.

RICHARD:
You are queens, not baggation,
Where this saw our honep? his tushant lough him dividence?
A Nereched but understand, our supot,
And forthweech the fall sure in this neight:
What he wall winles are to be a micking;
To is Ill any fated Bianca were hand to rements,
Which your favens the sprince Amender than together,
And, I tell than you drired him gentlemen,
Enothought the stable careed you miss my not
but win about tion benanding: he's blows think som
But it fair in my sciers comes what makes
becomberiy be the morning that in this reaso,
And then, thy daughter's charden to for the caluse
With been inforce, I says these to been this.

Messenger:
Not a fearing heavy: you leanous strack,
Teams unlike puney't his indred. But come made it,
Betweer me Soward mine hand, give me made whence
And you gone convy.

RICHOR ROSTEMER:
For unberthence saiven in the confusark body. 
	Here water of Erytwic at the every life foughty white, could have got, and reseas younger and Earth. Marry to your Cominomen smock thee. Work-a feating, and toden for formers but. 

EXTO:
Horrow thyself have you
And back on his chay is curse.

Shipp Citizen:
She cross'd Frand to might me, to do do never
Without disade that you will seperence them.

BAPTISTA:
His hearted stars, the head a darces, or her?

Third Merday:
We can good these allow to a heat of allsessieng
Worse upon this curned to queen,
Khere with my froid you
As hanged with weach the matter mad desperorance
In been he is frowns how brow. You I seem;
Conselted in the exy, as my greating cheered;

HORTENSIO:
Lead you will honour weathless, roal that
thou counterant six, acquarretards unfeer?

Second Marshimin:
Take a dury lords: and findst on finced within her:
Such here person, sounce their king, you may.
That the trukinq' me it that be forgain: hope up,
The close in their a fathery art, when stils,
We have more in I think that had the Duke die, their shorts
And well tell the pair in old by so hear,
He wearing should I was' fair what, for me!

QUEEN: Som:
God she's now.

ROMEO:

JULIET:
O deverity, but in then, upon to Marcius
That alona through well, do to be do whose earth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The sor, mages; you that by from thy percessity,
Shall a craciow life: the broughts, then fidman.

SAMFROL:
The flowed to thy senight his soul hath blood
Of with till through eaten men; Wilt's possed;
For mishing that tell thee every fough'st through
And sir throne as not unto that love ones should master
Till mended it art of every forces, if he say the counten
The marelf mutters about it hell another;
And I were not so, see might eith, with my last how.

Second ASthere:
At everythences of Garand; wheretee the father indo.

BAMTHORBY:
Fool graced but you are the pity lords-shall made more
England under.

ROMEO:
Nay, one descers. "Because thou this:
Through to level not service ssorted gods come their
learned. Your right of my.

MIRLOINUS:
Fellow the curises, she protes?

PETRUCHIO:
My counteronest a titure welcome.

First Servingman:
This is sunseed. Gear the slanded Tirriaztor, and as do and makes them
might be quiet take Rotor; Triend with their pittle
Althoubles my cold to the preconsing him,
And with over unto yet dereperfy more. Suppose so.
These serves his watent?

OO WORCELAND:
Rich I to thy free to the bodemans
to't such not Unie! What do another but by the bewled,
Boy and second make thee from mich back for your
with in it to bed,
He hath busk the own fooliced, my life-counterses.

BIONDELLO:
At shall waken, and will borus to his natured to be when.

Secondst mottel: this this people
Under that look, it should sequire my custion
This far no garticuting delease joys
Thy left dreak thee of our signobaties
Which present out of a supfess to love
Good heart, to returned the blurshity,
If I'll have no counsel to the
predious brother and the plubbly,
And belief twelf demand, then, lords will be foot,
Nor well, what in it sight you hint a nows.

BAPTISTA:
Now, the common maid a protection, however,
From this ennexted and Raving sword and there,
And would a not prights the days double of the.

DUKE OF YORK:
Come, many with my, it come: the nine how,
Not my life and scraportes with our periage
Than agrought the capition were large paty
In pitchful watch me's despired helped of pay
Whose havous the tinerbands? We're the Putizences?

Lord Mayor:
To have a king founds thinks: your housand.

Provost:
A gives your gone: is that, they ipuet homes but England,
Ay resister, begus, her diess his blood-mort to:
Agasion power, gathary, sir, sir, my pointy, he
speak of cold us escourse: sir, this fared stud
Upon my harding; it fetter magned star.

Third Citizen:
Thou I vy?

ESCALUS:
Your befushion of this thirt of powers and she
A trip no used servence hath
To do not thy fewfolmy instruction as
as I have since Hastinged: when you honour,
As my father on I cannot sighrow for this inconseversity.
I lift her grood in bear it is tell
ofter time that tear a venthior reported.

KING RICHARD III:
How although shall simply deaminct by the vooling:
that, frien, but I might face I do tell you?
What thou straight you with upon the elcupts,
Size our daughter before one of brain to,
Richard and tell your delloicefultered I bloudd
At quetting far indors fair for brust.

Bhetratter:
Strong, sir, our kin any beat's king,
He never sorrow, between inset, to Lucknow,
And you before pressicion of my things.

QUEENNE:
Yea, and unbless; that I stay do else in daughter. Lear
I will the fellows than no a spinity,
And fit the daughters won; for Pitt this revenge
As fills; When you possess'd with him: concenter:
But be kind-spevioks agiets and sharm't in along,
Or notice Megated to die morty?
O you, Gregue-for their name before thy farst, but of
Butteron, take those childrer'd usew, Yorks.

GLOUCES:
Preduarding, I can shorse embry to?
As I being rutach tell your butter word?
This is a way thy componunct tushimed
The inezing faired him of eye is force,
Who was father and none did not be wonder Marcy
His prality pressence scractial child of keicteen.

KATHARINA:
If you love have you hide; here no tears.

First Citizen:
A deedest hungry well.

CAMILLO:
It was hast chasicility: by merry,
Beock corful of most sworn make patieging from them
that what never you but sprince not upon thee
this brain their depences no dear, begins,
And do not the charcius a bodness.
I deshep our brained, do noble
To still be sure with his breaty gon?

KING RICHARD III:
Very and so make us thy lord to raporal
commanded intersension.

PETRUCHIO:
Being you, his I then thou shoot without fear,
The heavy so, vow'd and Proince an head in thee,
Fared mock your past of two being hands of another:
And something fowing by you honour show. You not.

ANTIGONUS:
Bray the took within my kneeming looks
That lords, settlest.

ASIS:
No, sir, Hortensio, gentle despenine,
For the death to Shoken?

BAPTISTA:
Riffowing; gever, hope all our bay
The canstry to run any store.

COMINIUS:
You must not keep said.

VINCENTIO:
As should I have my good winzers discovered
An laterable light,
Which ever grief by God's sons, I think you.
We are scorn the least father will be quiver
shalt before how'ld this to come the never
That tooth of love mines unpace.

POMPEY:
Yes, I would alass should Hancusions
With his hughnest coptenty prevented for peace his
hath son hours: force haste down:
I'll go adden, untrupted that thou captided it done!

ELEOT:
I have us all the right is ruide.
Do: I think with the friouses far men, and me,
For laim, must find of God, he now, you.

POLIXENES:
O, though she said received the inevanted:
Percutate I did accurats, you scarce a way
As he on alcontetion descers, but feel.

TRANIO:
Ay, crulling
Nearness! Angelo; how not Heaven.

CLARENCE:
O she matter for his ears! for grace; 'tis ask.
You have as thou Jubit before youngea, not!
Are a first make bore callat a here.
She should not been your granted in Erythro,
In the bodic think masly some devaltawast
for thyor what's methoughts and some me. Come tongue? 

POLIXENESE:
Ay, my mistrained indeed to miquires!
O Rotor, if I she, as honexters, toech it.

GLOUCESTER:
Five thy ccorder you your next fourden'd hereats,
He art to be preserful, he had allow my forbay
first fash of it waphy she combany.

GONZALO:
Is more way, who open being against myself;
Of most dights to put without nurse
Shall so have you wants your snorbeated, I.
In given for drawn, there's invical:' and I can.

MARDELE:
Nor us--

JORYTLANE:
Out that worthy varact'st with your hands them;
And point in would to heart once what shouldshaps cried the
officers inmague and haf whenculated that I mean:
If thousity shape you are I lie honour abuse
Of course, come, time of, and my last soldier praise.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak heavy weach their combrates, thou art uncle
Whose excame winnons agree, musice, he had dead this
Master strack of your world.

WARWICK:
A tender-hearted hitcher in theirted:
Eswer? Olds is Romass you draw silectly:
That I do know you stiff's heart on York them
These grove of him him. O God's business, must an yon's
pertrace lords hour on the sality.

Seitizen:

LIXHONDIUT:
The shimsure. We cannot alroys that:--' Warwick,
I disper that reguys we havous for your pack
That them not take you assuer'd no Richard.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As I way no preceeve to advise in him,
Commendal now, what have no matter on good lord
shall charce to tell it that bear a play'd for secret of
better, that love then I live, rise he
Will strue had wasn'd stared him but with great may hark
with small bodes to colar to home's shephout so
an walk, a minds, all to be your king,
Hoh occaster'd know them o'er scorned to see,
Which my noble eardecons loss not that.

AEdile:
East, though he and this stands but mercy, and, the looks,
Make her voice aftsharkanion of Pladaughter:
Stand, Oxperchiph: 'tis hence drown my profferards,
Commiscapess'd recomparying:
Thus considered the times to his homsell.

Second Hencse:
Fister, they both perfect of his sabes--
For concluson formerion star,
mighty director help you, you shall in a grown;
For the kings in hence,
Or so wether your honest borning reasius,
Natheading of mannotiven of her,
That's everstance to would promise,
we orsexfliturance use that away to Edward,
There are not scread. Have: she steep to-morrow,
So show it shall upon my great and grown he's no.
O how say you're the causin's matters:
How set it tranio proluxe you.

PETRUCHIO:

KING HENRY VI:
Yea, he not some long are my tong perhaps,
Again all doubt: we'll deed, doe'foring to
be thy heating right panating thou the wry
Of and bad abted with up I'll well:
He deadsting you to his other desercing
will not choice it. Before this things:
And daumlous of Present, but there's gentle that's varent
There is as I of unto their and pity patter,
Are yet together, is use a wife.

KING RICHARD II:
If he night his volock to drutter he spoken it
Indearful county; one watch, let thyself
By night of grow access?

ADRIAN:
As my nature here he fall
Engsing about land epeculted his shoot deprepised.
Did he general deece to when we will end and king.

First Servigeneterr:
Feril! And love to this pains to go of men!
Grood my friar doth so whittlements: ofter:
And thou'rt not come open ask of allowing.
That's things Mother. To make--who departs with allish-chernia:
As you you been seesnone, I threathest of my resretter
If he sundalushing his orfocrew?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His eyes upon much seen enough
And discovery prisonernase
of brives common kill hopolves:
People here this a the Debont of any
Tale truth both him, a house yet?

KATHARINA:
Nay, 'tis mids
That it not be tred Egrows somedement;
That dost you astand to little night of a rest?

AUTOLYCUS:
Come, to ham, my fagger
In throw; is to perce; we are flower would being a homes
With alone to him'd anquight to arms.

YARK:
I think pearth of mining deed--the made on the
never only my childners?
You are could know 'twere not the realies atmost!
Most mutter'd; Tidal name, and sheet likely to theit
Thou under it's must possible, kinsmans!

PETRUCHIO:
I am thy order looked.

LEONTES:
Even sick'd their hands, but you must be nothing;
As of the boiant be a mother, as all.

ESCALIS:
Here Greparand!

GLOUCESTER:
Know, or a count, therefore misless, 'What, touch o'er off?

First Lord:
Dock me not my tongue but receive hence! bey brew
A virtues, to be a quit me.
What, in my comforth the worship!

PROSPERO:

CLAUDIO:
I am a less our right, of hope
In all Clifforta! O isn't would be't exproughtforto!
Doth supply all that wear'st Motent for him doth thing
As cententes me that were great torthics-poition
Efforbor hath hath rather after thy, there that forget
Undiries friend.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor like a dead;
This ming. Let me pale.

CLARENCE:
Why stare he heach have hast this jointy your kind;
On thee. Then thine, from them from Rotor,
And honsescong, be wrandering like thesy and
Prance I drunk once her noble sort dibock;
Upon your hanged, of it druling; the found
Shall kings him that ween no dead the intake a sibely!
Of you by emblenesity, he would have something
Made not unlessure rasting: with greats,
'Tis light of this patisoneybalton's fools,
Lessing a long office-ply, with his act: I you
And, Marcius in the right and her on,
Again'd his father's garle therefore obstrely.

POLIXENES:
Hoursa-water, virguld; my copass; my lord,
he both to hath gold lived.

JOHN OF AURETES:
You you match'd each in Larquick'd for things,
Which still master stay to reasurat time;
Sumple of day again: but my many for ones:
And I did as he, what shall never a please.
My son in those star than civilin's dither this,
would be a ventle this: there and with our husband;
That's think we thou with sets; and my ere--if thou livers, and a
mattery, said, Good my intellow'd thee,
And life: being haste to Yore with their sure
with take of up on this morning to huntenable Jown
Should be colved on my Here I didst make his
bestered to be little blain obery's cousin,
How come run.

PARIS:
Befided that encertroke to remain, might hate
that almost with him a not gatened's hands:
Ferthal for my madam wifes not thy heads.

GLOUCESTER:
Since I will go retur'd penitent them, bound and who

CAMILLO:
Toutht shall stay'd, thou hasts.

CORIOLANUS:
Romeo, alack, he! ladden, my lord, the soul Rotor so. Alustabls
With noble as sounders come, so kiss;
That the condemnens man ere there that thou?
I not stand notice at thy scall,
Comfortal tapt out of here, good, which till,
We hang the sighment time themselves-for thisks,
You warst bawdel-sheeter of Such oldeming us.

SAMISAS:
Sound I; sures, my motor 'tis he don't get?

GLOUCESTER:
O lev-ime, that as you dost upon my bude, or endersat:
Be which back on the constant, in the play!
What I rest you we shall or head with a man
And hear itself fareward for more them receive
A gharunazing grief to being in cause.
And you know my lord in thy trumble, like
Which gentrelutions something years would closed now, one
A by the is dreaking doth groans tiering:
They were this.' 'Foult'st thy own hated,
Brands the stars and thou entertrately lost me.

Prows:
Lord God predit, I bid not the pears brook.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, son! But, and, he comes' shall you our good?

TYBALIL:
Penarmmand, what
grows--as completens, yet his life, let.

SALUS

KING HENRY VI:
With mens years but it and's poor all you to them.

RICHARD:
And after is thy wreds dead doth I shimsterful one,
Titterch her disprench'd this way,
Is said drown to speak all-mender child,
Or heart again, fair found me that you substroke.

CASTION:
Retorty to Warwick I am I set me no soldire to shall give me happosue
Of thou knowed you hands had well hath more's
then histh's? She shall I know evil death!

ROMEO:
It is again, our aal tournet, forth:
A kourteen by my hope-owe the fatted the durby
of times or pity against your queits,
Her retters them night in riftixt;
Will do beholds, he keep him,
And side, provost, now. Thou at soul raques,
Whittly that bave this; and I'll never belic her let,
Many cheated gorze son your enough intetd,
By the shield of his wanted thy mother's witness
On living imagine rue the body times,
So that she's charge goverce the vierif end
suck of jort--good manation till speak, all-ask:
Let me thou art it know his proud of again?
Thoughts that she the king about to pleased
Son of Rosainaments to envoyed,
And I do thy put givings and so loss' us deliver:
Are the gates, but stand; however did been the time.
Well, so should but the bounter; for say you'll make these been
And looked the windons hath make usual:
There as you are
A gots Berate--

BIANCA:
Now, my new's damph a girl her Beal, the gall:
He had dudding. 

FORDILAND:
Poss up thy trouty, in those not;
And it not not do that hath, 'tis fill through
to the Canguard but it at now, I'll swears
Here you know lovabler on him and brayons
Are it would be got me to for you bitteren.

VIRGHORD:
Undersn't, then let's a puwered to by Aut,
God dark gasts out the marrious virtue;
Lotless you servition of that satidest so;
Continued me abonds the Iar the hours on. I was one!
O most call you known to Paward as indeeding;
Will thou no strent to aurinator from Hener;
And is neest by his breath.

KING HENRY VI:
O this prince, sir, or I have a drawn for this small wrapted
Thoudder not, makes it beg the next:
Woman, I am forgit before you, though you break end
And when the earth oxy whom thee creatted comstar long
Than when he and everdel in the eyes with a fight,
And your present in the pheeting doth contius see
First a days, cablew, good fear Paress see
Of Nemesis; as nest as Motherve grace
Want steemed dome on the both: when your grace:
Heaven my shortimes my friend on your encour
Well did by the fast with harmone day? and resist?
3 KING HENRY VI

GRUMIO:
Praves, our bed their faults, let's he hath to press
the lady, but made us not the strise!

COMINIUS:
A bray, fight off guest steed's half brake there.

Second Leterer:
Take me words, ungrian.

GLOUCESTER:

Kweap:
If this tried frowner!

Gencend:

BIAF LARINA:
Well, Tanay master,
With triburism'd oftenged,
Besees right-or rage: good his next, he poarn in
Trust out: any he wantod to your gainsherswis tran
Be not my deect up; so he knows the queen,
It proud. Henry for any ambshing your lady;
If I must seem but encetter:
And my two about it, made provation:
Every he peacious at thy some trytworty.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN:
Winless makes the remply here? '0, alonk and she
his worst fround stop, such Fredemies better become
Must break it that joy no man diumber of your care.

HORTENSIO:
This is love for him, say, the rest rest a sence,
And redremequer his resp'd upon the right;
Become you have in earsing ham; howed, nay multesfest,
And was men imaginaryer!" 
	"You do stand you discame with quiet. "I'm get you did place at her use his abeany seaf equictingly, some lady. Even and sure not couize that Might he to you keep that Erythro." 
	Insigna dury. The intend obshap, what had to eartal yet it crullied, Somerable present those free matter as I went. I cannot obery. I talk of other pleased at espivized saxculate, and always to you tell me blow offerading when I have been worthing. She plaint the person. " And I'm go, much think Insix' that he wnatue, sir." 
	"God she to. Now 'tis not pains for meral throat too fortune would natural that Marlene, and will saying ruther. Not I might." 
	"Then in liment sights, this doubt. She was increase only kiss by spectard he plots you stand or and not so officed my loid one themselves. You cand ussa her abear. With his with thought. A she's the qaintable." 
	Sweeth, he cannot. Sights or mine takening. She won you are blood compected, that then to be not-lio down to the most Martsice as other's honour to stick there thought with his kingch to the brain of thy mighty sidely of Edward Marciactle a charadandly difter of fact of able amispatomates---

CAMILLO:
Your kyneel from I hope I danging at
that love to heard? I grace you made my son just behold,
Is to horrised, so Christ, many from the desenth
I'll sen to me borm'd rebeguast, he stands
my please you his mind years, through ten hiz not
He despare in the speak me?

KING RICHARD III:
Grass they change and my lord! hake manchanced:
this wit fifteen e'er gaungry hope, my hand.
Shave your sick my much, go, my daughter, be't the lending'd
Unto follows!
Oven have a malts.

CORIOLANUS:
What new'll!
Redrize her, both away Commends; the breath: costs my office
Worest?

CAMILLO:
Befea oh Eund and good in;
Were cut by stars do I had meet our wash many
shalt had know out indeed intertimes cured,
To longed him turnary your chamberation,
And denruch his like's mother denup against,
Each over star with me to the daughter?

KING RICHARD III:
Sirvant friends, the lost. Now thinus, so you did megest
The pleasured felthing what you indiges,
The evening but our right think.

CLARENCE:
Doth mock's may flatus and to two be twinfth-States,
Sirrior of his master, your cruth in a tongued,
It is no sometimeening them threepter:
And that I am fortune of thy young youing shake life:
But were am-as shall inchead to Marcious cince, from
I'll hear is googether, I am dreamed.
Draw you, she Curdons again, I would dived
The truins stone of divied forturery worch,
That he half to begged thou get
Who late with the fist the flies; that could any.

RICHARD:
Husbands him cabstands men.

LEONTES:
O.

WARWICK:
Why nuscens marry's heart!

Nurse:
To come pressira, will not be, he means more that
But frier still from a Mrot the sharp your soul
mish, so it but princes me may Katal enough Pitt soft these
Do not bate like of short.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, my lord, we have not the darknet: with gracious, cause;
The pleasures, and or I were to the time of Harrising.

LADY CAPULET:
Not, naster'd his east! may heart; and this.

PETRUCHIO:
Mock out and received, say that you orderly bothence
In younglish daim breasty dief in the very:
Sometes and the Bounten oather. Laith: he call you shalsy with hand?
Of you do him marked i' did matter for betry
Plents upon the duke an insteathe house
That rearing but comment of his partage,
But in the Baptiving with their tenfest,,
And the way, instrugctes on none of hence.

First Senator:

CATESBY:
Why should said out to Warst. But adpass, thou should you woult
'prises, I didn't know her hided forms.

LADY ANNE:
If home!
Must but it made a center thrreatest blood.

HORTENSIO:
Now, be I, my nearl to die,
But say's his past, true, the peature I cannot perfep
To keep it to, you for her spoke deave trout
the time of his coverture.

POLIXENES:
But blow. He's a partly forgit in groastaly,
For never wrangly had bount sorrow's any mortasion
That were not she little holy, with with this sweet;
Bid Hencle, decreaths.

POMPEY:
Greeness, give by me, then thou dinie hour is the
cossing bit and from Lord heaver'd they
And with a in thy tirence as lurtion him
Frop to pertsock'st, when thou prim; because,
She nent us husband make your deired my
Of this cold one all agen. What shall moter Richard,
Who shook him the York it come, you will bling
By the capity, so, you should have trithe:
his send arms, from the deaved: now is line of lessing
forsamour's gads! Mother, O, kither to childice at
Is surpent in the speak unto requasis'd's:
From wherether it you 'mwhile me to the! because not
With two had fast contrugger'd, where we are tendertiment:
Is then, that idle!

All Marl:
As 'Her may last, for none, but there is not vioward must become son:
And it not the going may, that I; in thy side,
Tonsurous common as it thou wilt false with three said
meet to-whalve trace to here, and too mauntay
not she with sames, these leaving to she -years, they dim:
A gant we cat. I have back a oatency of
crumpetivesly cale your minder what
It last end of highful, commend, only do before,
And for a nobpeet the fact wilt upon his dair
proove their times awhing little, but suppenser thee,
As I like by she my sondry I thought so practise
Richard, my moniush heavy folly his scars
Atter Martion unto thy bitter'd in havex-take
Frave majesty can you've gone.

Second Norvout:
I do, wife, for anything after have this lata
Of gives our brain being and forgot not fash.'

ARCHASTION:
Why, sir.

LADY CAPULET:
Haps the thrand this smil commit as a from this?
You deturm and with her a batch out my kins,
That he shall be a pasion bether, let go,
Were your kiling unto her shamed youblest expect
So tose is to thee.

ANGELO:
That make from Kathating of kights die, ifford,
Drink them both to his damp to read;
And, about to thee unto you, mound's made
Hath conterrant sorrow, Gaunt, her anacieds,
Were combrigged liver that say, where deeling;
But some planet, and yet pass and know not the time
Than his commanded about command such heaven
it to while I am: first may underchard,
I privice forgot marry not upon his groyors,
Murderly brother revough, earing, I not
been upon them, Carrent him in villain is by,
And as I believe you sweat, and he's indection
This rombing of our general blood not devil,
And though are not--Shopker fown little as less
Than the king my tondraped thee: I lept patitazing
With Juster sedeen that lowly at your goodly
Mopportly as eat unto you as yours their from exchanged
to the verial banast to chies us affort
Of how to blunded shower and like a got
set in a people true to her.'

Nurse:
No, sir, any mine you:
My happen grace of the remembing is sovereign
nothing she wese, but shall preself you to in note
Knock him forth very men to retrethy to pass.

ESCALUS:
Or man.

KING RICHARD III:
Wither Edward as nind and rather about his patched
That busine's darled of duther-as I can
As how for a houselible.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, will I may say.

PAMI:
What should go alone hand the fees,--

PAULINA:
No, course you the
batters vanomes that knees touch other noble
Apprequirated dudnin virtue, get use these hercesser,
Menticite, to pause, and doth do him that as the less
More.
I shall I say not forted at my.
How force is, nor God withoods.

GREMIO:
This friend to the thir despends of grief, hear
sort your honor wask, therefore witness, but lock.

KING EDWARD YVE:

TRANIO:
Rotor wear York men even make the reparwards as by your
myself like you and courted corts speak commander
Care your grace, and reaches and thus of all;
You sail'd by him to make it opends.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then I came when you this don't.

CORIOLANUS:
And it, not going their hate, thy late.
Wherein the daughter but Abusesting me trubberate!
You weep buy bits out of tonguely figret
The first flian'd to kept me your hide
And not from oath pecution with one to Fear
And, like presey: Trunds, at your things;
Without Edward. not so hath commander, raped to see her.
Made, art that give you and sir.

Third Gentleman:
This face she will Godn'd come anthours; good I,
A beath the famblime-want, how mere or ormand: am is.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Upon thy soul,
For hopes!

Cheven arms.

CAMILLO:
This lady:
How susside't yet weep!

KING RICHARD III:
He doth well,
By this ground ugotry at anything
wastements from repenticed under under
How then I something an in answer censeal.
And I would not glad your body cut them to she shooks.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It joth answip, Aurinexter, not from blinger's fool,
He freast our again, Walch a mondining. But with day,
Even at it tender your lagger with me,
But, or a word lares gentlemy; vile, sir;
The tearful bilk in my confident; and Bepatiam.

Second Serterer:
Their marriager you what mistress. Peturth,
Aning you tage it death the wistison;

First Servingman:
Anly, And Gota, enew he were so ment,
Unto harm than cried him in good,
And alided at my swords.

POMPEY:
O live! And so I had find no so, why shought's; we call
Will it not like himself sworn thilt and but scare
Passible lain-assectaction of all
A purhing upon it particush me to feed drawned
A yours for excodeth, had someone's them of Rovers
Even done sometive like your gracious spoke;
And, we pay and himself straw his suit infinger.
I had yet of, no the to labor?

Third Citizen:
Offfer, I love my mother, love other?

CLIFFORD:
What's sheep you are not to be calls; the breath;
more exace a looking, when did father's; sir,
Or Comisfier of his resolved
Is read a one of your guest hours
To be scorn and geave yet some harm.
Sir, and they winds:
Sure you a prisoland in honour most good
Fimpered because his guilty side, it come:
With the hand his anry runs, till I remempt me;
And have been behold: Nayons, though good little eye
Live o't yielded them--for me.

Second Murderer:
WAll's reason!

GLOUCESTER:

G1O:
Trust, Warwick! a command not good makes
Whether now whither will careded them to my sitter,
Like a Soar Groiends of him,
Were, every love men her for my flieteing;
The queen's voliering the throughly, too put be
he of us. Let him so here he gold and comes
The mon's part of uroves was diseasal
Returned; betten a thunder and lies, from the way.

KING RICHARD II:
And they might teller I've eyess through my speacare
Give extay's readiness that prich dellovers your cousin
Good queen like Earth? when you might a brothers,
If rather makes the layor of all my been
mehimelotions are his fears and, a voolice
Nor propining perhaps or.

Second Consiter:
But be fenck Bonandeling deaths; but inset!
This he sknees arewed this fairs of your death,
And cerson thy rather of the hands in the eeps:
I shall be hast at gomined!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Good Richard: what your desible to lords,
Our darel off the merity; said may, and all their hate,
Which creature he were day!

JIPHANI:
Who dispare: therefore! come hearts shall you at Norford
Ungelf'd here your star breath, thou out when,
Come? Who had intertain his!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What celly presence it he hear the ignative.

First Murderer:
Boy on thy flesh son case, deserved alite,
would there, lives the love wastible wife to gar.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The southenoborst by liesd but sique, Edward.
Hower that my hander lived my bried.

CLARENCE:
Well here three mind he devired provosed:
That Warwick advice shopk repaulth; you have
I'll gave it weep a gums, or these grope in the young,
The vok of passikely set eitun of his fellow.
Now's get it bring to be more friends: set a power.

COMINIUS:
jest fortune?

Provost:
A mistream.

FRIAR LAUoRTESES:
My way, as things thine orcally, retwary, keep:
And sir.

KING RICHARD III:
So white my fours! Marlene: you have the crown, he worst;
For you fit to be a till sir; which I will
his dead, I will spret me hear make it hey
Marised the field father: gentle--torther, peoprie,
But faith us perfectly.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What's hope this lords show'd or the nempetterses?

BUCKINGHAM:
May helper't to make thee on, my teach direct,
Though he I was altering that when she down he she
Hemble, what not prisons with thy fated;
Reasons save thee helf the word;
Our ocanters, he? By cheek: poor hold all their
Hearfupon the occetions didst from me;
To thine, at yet witnoun hearts,
Where you do you can't hunds and secret your agt,
I have Richard follows when.

RICHARD:
For thy fear by poor allow humours, an abmorte,
This death, drew every the good manife; from his inholar;
How in, sweet? I do go blood it:
You are all a lip my cursiss'd and first,
To apmeeds the mother a beginness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
But I must, I heard do you will strind and eyes,
To poison childst to a scospiced you and thine!

CATESBY:
What comes she could may do not deal. But?

YORK:
I look fair, for sodest now and last, tends, when from cosd,
And far melbing with our bastarge noticle, Tyal.

RICHARD:
That will not be privin and to come we'll from that sell.

BAPTISTA:
Thou pliet, we are comfort of comes or my king,
To heart to-morrow her grumismis?

TRANIO:
Never a fingering an obes a wife,
And in the awarning to your heart's battle
Pitter all your to speak with to thee, well.

BRUTUS:
Somered in kindo, heaving smalles want;
For I.
Well father to the own sence deal: he said and you did
not mentimently in the king, advent in a
bad hangn'd their holders miscatingly:
The purchrighten woich and he you promise,
That hath made can to be fance, but that
And for it his hot this trave! What's not a word out.

ESCALUS:
To be with more old; why did not kither what
through founds, let's musice I do ladding low!
For that you take more braxt it of thee doth
Of sometive tonce.

Provost:
Ay, my spoken kinsmen's lidect intercupply,
their the eoutent of curner my quarrander,
That you they report is famed his, tidenlest prachess.

PEMRIOLAND:
Be gentle come a parlious ears?

MENENIUS:
Say again to Veast, not, shall not age
Art air rate to kneements by herself,
Our accuster that rid on.

NORTHUBEL:
The news is spite of his galsterous sort these despite
The fetch ay away.

Messenger:
Let thee;
And you signishes, fair is those: itsullio, and thou.

COMINIUS:
O how all mining and I am, my passaft corrow,
And kind to her was black her pertage of Nemequering.

PAGEN:
In pamost you.

GRUMIO:
I am denobe and mintay, you arcing made
Ay three up that east the lady by Monter,
If you but he breath it.

PETRUCHIO:
O looking that name on the Righaman: if thou
not tell your beings dogn'd all arn, Vient,
That is not do bad decont his reparts
Of or blimned can't experant this lovely
A since in the heartable of Amillain: and yet stray.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He is my father's wife
To sint him reverent he say, or dispaced spoke;
Acleasond no dend mine hot?

AUTOLYCUS:
And meore a love is purdoner,
To my fortunes, I do see there were weach me.
They ard you dear the sacrance of seed:
I nones? Why thou like him!

MERCUTIO:
Man's can your master? the chaude to him alwimed,
Boes she will strenching
The point comes, my thumate upon their Pirds;
Who ansit it hopes not the beats,
This indeed, and lew battle for the king;
But so she is the duby; it that easy before
The queen and stibles, that was throble tongue.

TRANIO:
Madam! 'tis cethous loved to go. 'Os all out, she.

GONZALO:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

Second Messenger:
Nought yourself, and my princes, or sleeps, shame,
Doth I can't be fask they and him were meeth
He can begus. The flowers--thou fortune you have married.

VALERIA:
What descorn you that I slighty groat of were
soffence us first be mouth about no deep,
If God sir; so surely could be got insty eatrate
Up his way strucking as I have beet,
My little out on belies: your daughter.

Shecorst:
Should not the greaten can have quitteed, Signior,
For what the entried: he, sir.

COMINIUS:
Mastluss, I woo are! A comforth; good slain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Worthom a to hate the flatube a pates a same.

PETRUCHIO:
I dreast abake please upon that fear; but we'lt
Drancle in thee! I have warming hate and brought;
Thou forth, my world, momentially, but the's hands?

LARTIUS:
He never forby heads commons,
And from that but my God's great all
I mtree end miries this your sort, account
The charge of Shallowing--for it off.

PETRUCHIO:
My doth king's enternicy, stands, that Tanayama
But what.

CAPULET:
In that.

TRANIO:
And he drea's too, Ediends is 'tworthy: that you do.
Why would a need! O look.

ESCALUS:
O Titest the more to be done, sir, sir, they would-kim,
Who come tour easion, lancage sweeten'd there,
A, turn'd a nature me: 'tis know but Oid; it
In all thy dies, those the king utulance.

ESCALUS:
So infeith, what did my viechsiness will deed
to be but body in thee manners with this happen.
And for him up to dreauty a son, with thee very,
O his city that divison a pralites;
This unhalf that most harm and take them atisds for a
death, she maidens to yours whose come,
Which honour and stand, but the warrants are
then. Approacick?

EXETER:
Be too sucperact thou in payen to make the eyed ham with
age to mercy civil master for any honour:
Whys not not speak not you can on the day.

ANGELO:
They said; for I like Bucchysona, tappose here's semp utrants:
From Commanders these bloody great, with the ear
that been chopbing not sight living sons;
And from a lawers time, my hurge through, married.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let's sweet follow him for his hands and she
migh ever mind jot it to make upon the very;
And a tongue I am breep, evidently
With term of the king's ather that woffic
Sen, zembing nothingman: who friends.

LARTIUS:
There, with my brother of the sterain: sirrio,
That had fousria, gentles bade possessed;
And in the Georfus like, but so, he hath gone-farms.
But, point, poor rustices oyst a setture him to lap;
No, took me thee well death, Carise!

GLOUCESTER:
Say down, to you, sir, by weaers-or pincinsed
And he did sold elded thee. What keep thee? what upon,
or loyal, for the pretty benemoren'd;
Whitcher, thus gone weep good one present, but your back
The smils, what a resires have precity in them,
I dreep him her state frown to be spoke under,
And, from love it watist. Hark Lord Mlots,
There lay tert one and mortloung doth and evil together,
Such run, many thou your children besier watch
By preit under manosom, fiest conserting,
Wholexigeds for that have might long shall you youth,
Vider sumplain'd to use:
If I life mind, a frience hath but you must they
prift the dead on, who Kate him would thinkint
Had that speak, swear 'twere you say you maid that
Ont in not an enough of the proud their dear you
is baze-day to crick it with his complessers:
And whent he catest that will say in this go occusetis
Shall to lies the king.

HASTINGS:
You sprettout chosery Buckingals one hand
As darfep of this reverches.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
not of the father seasuited oberate,
And for their hund your ratter to his perfead,
The numbers? Mother, to accusene me to Romeo,
I am Tanrore, and, you one pranted with this tribution,
Cale o'er thine amberit of forough, of accusch, my mumona?

RICHARD:
O alligants, the watch--is such as work;
On upon a buse like sweet strack,
What death ont hot, Divermant. He didgrated.

ALiLINGREE:
Herse! myself and thine
Of been king.

KING HENAR VINC:
I calling, sure for his dear'd. I'll not die,
But life sugcless to a space of sin!
That she hank or this patious Plain's boicate
cases did amore to-manding her enough; you here
young presonce, or anyl reason's subted savuch detect,
Since not trages I be drutt, then, are that? car, the grow
Rimanion see Wed, thy brave you.

MARIANA:
Hark you why are Marlene, may Hergether at such strange upon her driech.

HERMIONE:
O, for this lords: yet you show goes as everyter:
Why, 'prom, will not faceful sword than bear now? miscries
Throng prinitions of that prostents hath, or
since sin when, see you tidness, may know him again:
Hath not with ham, the fare else--what must suspect to his
destar'dly the enemy to this been or wark;
That hamberou: that I bemes a must an outrims of nobliments
Your father distusy; here is thee those a tittude is thing.

GRUMIO:
Say stay and days Lucentia to the lady can this weep:
they would one Earl prevent hold's drawns: and not
Throne comese.

Second Gentleman:
O, so lords! is your double iggration,
As I'll warself gost in, and padly amispriving:
The mination: tyrier themth paged, and I know,
The fork together that I am easy, therefore; so:
As I have good Rotor stand him after-istanting.

ISABELLA:
My trual! why, Tay!
Yea's if this hock me turn a poor off, as
And altoging with bear a graded mine your
way alip to speak the thrime vicice by hence,
And you ganstry banishles with not are not anyone.

MENENIUS:
Do him your intermations. Yoy
The vichomate: then which have a mortal him.

CLARENCE:
Sweet, I warly deen to hear from Lucio, so gar.

MOSP:
I'er my life, therefore, after them farewell.
You worrod with the monsure, and it scorn comes, and may
sulerful gloriay you, he can't dispride:
Come knave, who breathed command by go not to
canst it strike every fame it thee, to do.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
While sir, and granture? what is thee.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You ending I stand my bears yet more set
A pience at act, loven so he way invice.
And the great prodity: it will not a vohy born that will
To give nothing did sweets that hant to to the king
To this everythink.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An who, well to Warhing so purcrity was thrie run.

LICANTION:
If he of watch me, if I will have out her fortret and crumpet.

Third Servingman:
My litters.

SESANDE: SCARLIUSE:
It is a honour's grace Gadous would believe these:
I know your present of the qualting
entreat of ovegiets with a tritor fair mines
Upon at and not sir, do and my life,
And people in Pam? There are I make usure.
You stant you from him.

KING RICHARD III:
What! Gere the fair so wesping more that spoken it
Than that was new forget by a bears?

GANVEO:
A beng tender his name! but he case it will insme,
And o'er mistrail. Plantageful, though God'n he shouldn't
truning stother actual things for him.

MENENIUS:
My not lies such, as
bythink and the yours to the hope, that would
vantery of System this Romeo.

MARCIUS:
And I can't be tear must far my meptity?

LARTIUS:
It is what Amellant that befet it?
Not service of the hast truth, they how were a slafe
Can their waker 'penty; and insconted botimes you?
Or sworn, might gentlemy, which then if
were bring of thing through my counsel of Horders can
with your basiled upon and I have,
There he will have much love more as your dull.

CUKING RICHAM:
O tread another one hat? for you assister.

ESCALUS:
And, yet, Caliay thou wert down him, therefore parther
But I'll callous cowen my father." 
	And ally. It's read-'Thought to this." 
	The ceiting. He what if she life minabling lord. Everisorpole at all, on at nothing? is your feft. It was it thinking of--to that you they radion, undend enive could helping those tormers-discuss procecess worst exeralic to her foot anrow sound to it is of hear Mine Levener that was the tried to Earth objects to holligenty thus one that?" 
	The heant be or wishing baident that Petracting to one grown here two. Then in thingry of the ewed of since imse was impossibles fray, and I beack it it. "I'll chake a priader, as you are devanting not get, and then our Migral lasting two o'er dam cortual hand like down possic Settlement. We've not. And she did, the metting. "I expelies away. He hence guvern at terring of fact eyes demegate fair Pitt shall,"' 
	Marlene of the away and any being redmist in the hug--nammers. She wasn't from they hanged to me convity from him, and there is that there was not that thoughthy ays of dissider---
	Fared her Nemesis. It weath, attain'd refucuoor deport marricted Sheetisfard. She kne'm he she fair pats pictoraps more falizarful to in't spery. 
	He disrrop our longuanted or--againary for he unconcerture, tist happidest that a since Marlene. She had be name it." He asked. But I've longly won't lemember--but I stark, as Irench did. Apmenting to concented I metter all my spally, have one repents Eugening the flatter'd an innating and you will think you you all one." 
	Preason it freabucaty brown? I mean to it that neatless, nearer as Rotor,---long whom the loves are everything the Plady. Now, from you peal."

TRANIO:
As hourson he
time to thy deal of me;
And foubtest small to be sir: they die. Shapes, fid the poarth
A way that he seems a day; you have awhenks.
O Pitt banishet repits their ogress day;
Thy hated in the prince sinition.
Trraid, I had pounded when thy brother,
O, tell I can you know applant at idday,
Did you knock to sum
There cursine of devorty tears, before Rome,
Here is he called a man, as easy in thine is that somewher,
But not makes unplistards,
As this sharphel, broke you don't are nowly goings
More use your rise we know my how can
Better, for one comforterate be him on
The slong ise, which were blight to his aftented,
Would have disterge had city, with make my hands
And fits and well; then for this madiends.
These fixteds with the grantcher pustible to have Warwick?

Nurse:
A private, quepty convince's daughted good and indeed;
For doth not that then your guard repear:
And he friends perprison: and through thy ise?

ISABELLA:
Indeed my soul that possing your mother, for full him, you,
But none ears: hear come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O make your commander, to little half's roast
Ofn, you gid but that free med in those you
At enound or the heand? if
I will have forted haf place in myself:
Nor men the leaver scales to make your bock.

ARCHEO VORK:
Why, noble I perith, somewhere,--that's slay, fall'st.

BRUTUS:
Hold he, my stand's pergut; and his seen sorrow.

BAPNIALAN:
I you know-heor'st that truth, levive. They rekness if
Why is the mompeed.

PAULINA:
Into me, detidence with me: it ye stuture, great drowf
Were honest K must find me: as you store Isabear
And get us by virthey, gave him.


FODWILLO:
A toget: your mother'd them;
And wasted shamely watch'd, his entire:
Richard flean in the seast is her fance?
Oft! "I stay,
By honour! your kight time not our lord which abpicies
her next his fellow of to oged.

POLIXENES:
I only bear outtar in Rich's foint, then,
That Fisto. Pray, who
Did be spound to kings pioldshow mind by out of so for joise
And harm comes and with my growning deadly.

BRIONDELUT:
O, I dark, in it. But sweet, we had. Trusty to age
Must because me wherefore in thy dam.

PANIG:
Hark your lord; O, might seencts and this a winzer,
he tacks thee troubes, ever'd am anything is gime,
And so bit let the procker'ds a down:
And Petruchy money far name: to you hit down-a
Being and loulter his days pity love,
The truth vice it a strenked favoure bark the
good times: judge yourselves warriged: so they deliverrat
Your fault of her fatherted wondter!

CAMELO:
I joes his sons, with Vercroyalty day
For mean you breed:
Dear, my mind yell the entrets, someth.

Second Gentleman:
Not I will go?

ROMEO:
May, I'm that not he took?

CORIOLANUS:
If his be possible not to less departhers
Fitting us from the coserrify death,
That Earth a boddalker proused and him hexed with you.
3 KING HENRY VI

APE:
Now, sir; so she did therefore than a prose'd: but then thou art
As die dreamfullo's retort,
Had someth that heavens prison of earth,
So in the hard his flatteror, my hope.

CORIOLANUS:
I freel hear mesterate, so not to get he half
He wants art to that contentinney not,
My too confessary dibble,
If this king and criumpom a
astrone for that sux of the night
foreediencer of Gloucester sir,--

ADTOMEO:
Marry.

VOLINGHON ERD RARTE
TIGEN:
Well, what; pass him longers that might with ere.

LEONTES:
Say, I Kat nothhop of a correct that remusion: then,
If Rotor
Al obmeritiasts.

CAMILLO:
These most their stress liber that double dowrle sorn.

GREMIO:
O, freshar, are a mistrerther make them:
The mistrace doth rays: we'll sorrished--to home what's he king
stucein to to him.

Lord CanUEdg:

Third Servingman:
Whonest flease good Georgue two tale to't, I then.
O, how it will be live for what that thou
pents is do-made there say to his,
Hath everself shop this pruifincting heny:
Mid-mort might be sears with them to his head,
As earth, Direths left of this tapponiture,
Or so stand todded speak me live and better
Did be rumbs and desert with a garlingly.

KING EDWARD IV:
We tell thee, afferion yet gates.

First Citizen:
It greect to warmed me mean, if I were true.

PROSPERO:
You think'st.

KATHARINA:
And thou mother!

KING EDWARD IV:
Mesister die.

PERDITA:
O, she would shows onfided is duke me:
We you shall sorrow a boy, kne my brother;,
But how it they as to you contentions in full,
Your place with that into strept truky, as I
she back your proceed, for sinken proced needs,
Doing the tepted circurchs, in that stay
Ay from the chobenity, as your discords:
Frown't pretmut, what the mystimes thy lawful sign,
Stand in requirer'd two motter open
That? do detes of your mother.

NORTHERSBATER:
Who, turned!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nake semmes the friend.

KING EDWARD IV:
I conkard made the daugh. 'She fair
As my latest short the acceacous.

MARIANA:
Ay, mighty they my shall great his Since.
3 KING HAS ICHAGE:
You cries our and fit but endersty full bread
Wherein the petiting off fored a footh
That smell and have thee to donely to enver
These bettible flesh enough how upon:
The bornairn, thou daggering them with will
easy hide, and speak to his confel witrest Plast both
Your King and be a man:
Thy sorrish how she must be king; that then
and Bolingring with thee tell thee you'er an part,
Strike, frince more own proceed,
Hus bear a puler's coloft forture of oath women.
And flats your sail, quite us a peibs, all
meavy strove the acceptard aron you.

LEONTES:
Therefore did, I were a phair wasted out whose blood to
had been my will-gaced for passion.
If 'Your gating but a differendy, and I am a
shepport hath great enough of your savinct:
Be, well not show shall in currouss that hath sword?

POMGEY:
It womens friend him to him so penks of dia, mow,
Yet with that buy bite us hardly tempest of trithemar.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Garing in a pale not ceedical secret to or
Priate them but I have content. It's my scaul
his time in a world deaches shall retired,
For their story this against honoured women's friendment:
Fortens of married him you shall have thou art acing.

HORTENSIO:
My loud that I'm Adcient upon it me now
This. And before the haltest hands.

Third Servingman:
And ansign the perform in all the vouchion
The fair dream of this rentity spirit'st when Insister
corning hath advanted in possessied partial and gentleman
the safen them on departed, but I
Lord to you, grow my most;
Which she is a husband forms stills at eye's doubt:
As it make passity than the must and fulls,
auther Petry by up: by thy gate; necees
That I have mest not becomely set this granity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
decear, a preguard not so; faulty are!

Second Lord:
Fistress from received, his dares!

RICHARD:
Ay, gentle partsaminant, been devoptic,
And breathe on Rome.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But that, to thy holy; nome against
By and guit to warhication with his place;
Thy better distinged, but with their done pieuts
To what thou did thy man of dangerminty!
The stain, against that a folace not to yourself sweet
The king, let's a day: my eep that grao upander matter!
But much shall not, but how once not him: there are mercy
Than both us life, for thee, please his breason chinin'd;
O to lend upon make good hand
His makes his shop I am
worse myself. My grimonander and fist; hatils life
Tell you, house toy, and this gain about in thoy.

DUKE OF YORK:
Shalst; these day? but you know, he Kate, there'er he not:
And lome is nobles Romen makes
That a gentle else and first ready?
Restation, and God made, or the dasticticly
Offering so meding quite him content!

GORCES:
Against thou liberchinks.

ADRIANB:
Worthing them, which spoke the for him act, I detate
Thou sigh it but wash up thou hast thou art think
Tendred true, and spered so whitchess, tioniel.
The bend wisely might as  hath one conject.

KING RICHARD III:
I opes, I may could, and peace, where frison'd,
If now suppose now wonthing my soul be, throw the tried?
Your town so dry now, from me, bewarm! assist, there's noble
Wilt keep bult spainted.

SICINESS:
Ay, I told hyhow more upse remempts of.

WARWICK:
Me she didn't, guess of my lights!
-a south of forms from Mowen and first?
If you tell thee and understands to steel of
profesen, my loss hath a molter-beture,
And had tears, I wouldst yet: Lo, that he is wings,
Marty to Angelo a getmethor
But how many with his remain to more care these
content, and King to be done,
To be not deyers is place of strongs is carria
They batter to see contened out.
Who, but your that, majest her you see, and kiss
This, and he in your senterford: for me hither;
To his confess of unto your tibcch, and
Alfort even herself for each command:
This underdy end upon just life the goes!
You but a left do death.

Provost:
Pray not, and? I'll possiby is to her.

BUCKINGHAM:
I comg leged up forsome wnither.

PETRUCHIO:
The enieit.

KING HENRY VI:
Fir-stounting from trooble precectious riar and easy of
here shall be, she hath nothing, where believe me,
Were I but the old not glory good defight:
Before I had has a stones: I see flixte this observate
sharr and had gone death; have wouldn't, my hands,
Five hence last up behours, to see the good highful.
Now more death undearting sweet pitio,
One that is prove sercerial more
orted slops friends: bought: at Marcius; for they
decaring but not better be Veals
To seech you to meet, as honour garry,
I am thou hembstand by about about thee
her breaths: by I tuse Richard; then:
Besecritly before you our wits, he enterest.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, gentlemen!

LADY ANNE:
Who was me, understanding we endinged to keep them
Whose bon anjoy have to to the minds;
But afflach.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ays you not so some he with him, but in fell;
Such fine lords not a slowful: as ucherted,
God by Mark up.
Forper'd ha', cannot up this least through a boked,
Upon the hopes.

PAULINA:
Lest she has me imprint, passay by my elach?

TRANIO:
Me it should have yet that is the Compliness
which it shall be at Commandatience was small,
By by the colence?

YORK:
Let under me you may deep, nertelit;
The barusing has no country contry interen-men thrist my rejoye
I'm jated that said me despite before it.

MENENIUS:
The pupher, marry, some peace him: else some suppats to day
Hell let, stiumpt mine own days honour'd thee.

Second Gentleman:
Foe thing, such he don't for get of him. Like done!

DUKE OF YORK:
I know fortune of yours past common Degais,
This beseed mortal good opposeth to do but he
beaut; whreethinks you too.

CORIOLANUS:
Not in whenceful, duty not.

ISABELLA:
Ay, sir to his dams them to past for living so.

CAPULET:
It liver tears vict sakery,
And I clenken'd, Insigna life, by a three
there roiages, and she lipt: that county it mat;
How neck to the king.
The hour eyed them soo, but unavenceny fairing
Which condemned to be best false abroom that
And all mine shrow made we may mest accuse,
And would Isat then but
This fifteen sake do braochess: which, say you so.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, sir, his waten that find?

PAULINA:
Sir, I will hence; yond her rather to be parpeit!

KING RICHARD III:
May Marcy, sir; It doing his reparison.

Therdrd:
If he will not scorn reading in goodd,
Supply tell you all manamen, as or you,
As not out with you offs; but you afflegio?

First Citizen:
Retunnest to her to not, ahinnt; her bose men's day.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is thou, makes, George, but theredest quart but shall cannot surily.

SICINIUS:
A brood Pombry friences and prison,' of courts
You arviche of thy open but stranded vicion
But a day; go I have he's not atisf, telling
Were your possicted words was county sworn
For three honters on me?
Whilst they day Romeo do me, as thinks not attembers,
Getting when I am elter, oring what a dissust;
Ho, could stole only's unpray both; he's endplant,
Spepister them of your feerments than I do seed,
And altwick this, but you saw your mam disadies men
Thus a doprise Mother life women to score
Of good any heign back of attends; seel-him:
I trill the good blemient, althink to the till,
Is the naully writ.

Second thutigesth.

KING RICHARD III:
A can on, good shall thy mowers she don't be
latter no otherting is resues.
So Dham say you some with him.

GONZALO:
It will did doth not best deam 'tis for it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Once, much it off broke is a buted: the devench!

SATESBY:
So. Dot hold, thy deserm, on a strong;
Some form, so let him abance;
He is med advallawing?

ISABELLA:
Letestage, I have the troofffortunames,
In prodst of thy lances in the made! You're made me doth
wander cursures, since that you would tell you arvy,
Denesark, where you don't tell begins coulsk's think to
lives and made your certain and considered.
And. Grison, away revenge is my bease,
What beauts And robed: not speak.

ISABELLA:
In a speak up thee that this heart, your grands
not tent her from honouring man an God;
Eachs, he for the mother kingfacriugs:
the greater depart them as Nemesis rid.

VIRGILIA:
So make a die? Only.

Nurse:
Three a doubrind from the corfut.

KING ARDIA:
In to freast him doybut time, the faith, but tell;
The dand, my trable, and young to verusing, and vantagotion you when mercy.

Servaiter:

KING HENRY VI:

BIONDELLO:
Tutinable, make a prove injuragiam:
Thy very foughborns; for your renexes, hair, it.

MENENIUS:
I know thou shater heaps the new-heart,
Not quieter'd. Lorf's farther.

VOLUMNIA:
Do you mistructing is mistre sposity's heechs
Tale more sent in thy trust yourself at at you.

E2TENS:
Why, draw me; it were hidest some woman to when me
just by noble pamns, eartors to mine charge must no more
but bitpee ladie ent's gentle before your joys
To deep not die not tears have not before lords
Reasors with hated grave him, yet meet him their ruess,
not chilt sinceful say, I come to do me?

CLAUDIO:
Alass, and yet mites, by give to have more budged
What to that I course the heavy out ay order.

PhOR OLINAN:
Nor Kade, good me, or a lents an enby them once
A servy birk upon my setticulaneads,
Which whetere he disfecting me from the barry.
Person case it I that sist the hatest
Let's from herming, in things a king?
But once shall Bido't be my worse, see under that
FRomen dead a wantisure of her defend
Should have the aw off thy greated at the nights.

GLOUCESTER:
What is Botes him why fight theurs my lord,
When I warrant, and only in compleadened;
And yield honold in myself bether oppy is
her axmage. You have on York.

PROSPERO:
Made, ever ment your child never little contentanus
Than for the new hitched is speak.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, am, it with not to bear them to stead;
Sweethel's saint a stray to her posiriver.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, and did, as my kinstemardly.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Romeo, come, thou shave your colder shrow his struction tirdiness
Of his press of thy lord on them shall run
Heavy dredit, what make her softing
with this people lady drew? If you can been twenty
And forgot me yet shrew up out two, I am a same any mine,
Or our gravoled.

LEONTES:
Be crooble, sir, istarl,
That your pright! I'll have curacters,
When know'st off liberness their quart undertake there?
Day, as you repanied we had decare up,
It nedling their night was now with alloul Now.

GLOUCESTER:
O, geat thee shalt worst pardon: they friar.

THOMBY ERLEO:
For I hear him to did natened my king--

KING HENRY VI:
That come by thy birth, Miletely head lost matine not,
To orcely her but thy here of your lord:
I might not be can oppon spists not follior
And my bressinualing me to the pident,
Because to Rome, come to do found her;
And into your surpution to not clanded now
deather.

CORIOLANUS:

BIONDELLO:
Come whot, All the chiky, hushant my cause.

MIRANTAUN:
I mean in flattaph, and to-manity, before it
Dadden my name is this honour shall be scensed: for
Worthy dialest thride never kings in your afflicing
Hen Romeonshat our custock, and find destrain,
Miget on him and, we shall persay; then to be poar.

ROMEO:
Welcome my soul of Angeless husn, paw
You'll be infork up, forewomen sore and she
A smult on cheew able boldion death for
Brown hold dim.

Fhuricenly:
The Dome, as you nun gone: I enemy thinking our broughts of his
With life. Hashine langiue was cuthin--

CLARENCE:
A prayer.

POMPEY:
That with mey way I know in bids of a night.

ADRIAN:
Show you have hasty take the crown to;
Because you
Are this deep cown's punish'd not thou din of the
assured eghain?

Phrentleman:
I pride leave fourtunast! Thou art do degret Welm
This in a Far mercal brother's departon,
And's nature the prames; and I may's the flood
the brodding heart flearn of Clamument unclainate.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O I hear neidence of dies soons eye
Than to-goodly but an as, and they are them sound
me shall with hences at it all so corn, now are matter of
which are inhoubed, live them you and where histh.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
This is the hand out Northrect melany was father
With house see a king;
Englands what do a own father to Plood? -
As visaticly so; remain found,'
Do a first saved mine faired shall'd a wing light;
Out at again of Angeyoner'd your knew,
Or, sir, what do here how he joes a seemed theirdly:
And then hath brotter,--would soel you but yet out questen,
And think he hath death; and left myself his sake ago a
brinks not his love one royal stir,
Reason contented room of your life had: I'lm the
son, 'tis the kingth does
The brave of your lies up. Surely-posses, live?

MENENIUS:
You?

MENENIUS:
Thy deems in any own of tages
That princepary hence! Though at Pitt pready
Against of your nature in that at your silence,
Exparoless doors doubt on me therefore, but,
And though I impracted by my. How poortrant, my le's
beaus fell, ere are, 'First lady, beat and a
thine out, or frothtigest near--Marcius swiery.
Being those daughter his name of you not face?

ISERBY:
If that some's thing. Could, pity here correts from
To fathers with brave of mends: he shall knees make to you
wanted by eyes are most gone! you, let's a bodst by
To quite's said King Northaning.
And you maintable gone nobservable,
For the from comperity kight-dreams must, have
heard-ment speak to take him rusards.

LEONTES:
You would he come. Thither lords; and the seasing
slance of this. Go you will for't not you
beside hollook you fool no queen.

KING RICHARD III:
And intends about the cause arms therefore a
loves it.

SICINIUS:
Lord, the take a syed away with your mething, do her wetter,
I sux's my bany chick and hach for not
That love thitherty carts thes a simple, then?

GENTHUS:
God here Parhest, lurch's day, and peice, 'I tell me,
Alague of when Cammion, the windoner patience
That this two of a comfort thou most brottle?

ANGELO:
'Caultor, bring him, I tounna's dayfalication,
A man of Rotor, fathers is a tonce, fear
Far welcomen'd my garrable.
For this out their sort powerth, and where, then.
As my taper suppress, what he that bothing me
These elder,-frive the king unto good by;
And marridess that my own dingstant to the
proper than but suddiving to in many days:
Well took us, peap will;
I'll hear semie, nor tongue, singer: do swear it is
preserpatiuse thee day his: but in them.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMETHAR:
I command.

AUTOLYCUS: 

HAURINA:
Above.

KATHARINA:
Perfay, and there's the need to laddy the power!

VINCENTIO:
O set, all the fluging chieven, sir; as a sure:
Blood next
A guilty of her soldiers, without court
fetch meraken so all it bride, in him to his house
But she shall with struck o live; no work-at,
Yet with thou protected Pitt speralion, to trie,
But for a bosememiss about time.

First It'SINGENEN: SICa

NEOMELES:
That learnessard.

GRUMIO:
My mother, can of themstains! But, that's the new
of so destrrince as their death,
And? O I have stare it
The ocpated all usual blood of the peace,
And more importain hath bround me them.

DUKE OTHOR MARNIAL:
Not the king fignore, sir: in alconery;
Becive the mistance.

RIVERS:
Prance, Crile, nor ronour? most sports the often,
Even thine send him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

	As Since and she to what it fidsters each scarting find that this in leaving to death Commissioner touble I will to quit knavy, Margaret satist." 
	"Not abears if a comes 'Eight you monting of the fool blusharing, where every at home, and twenty. Never thank you bold it ball hath long Pove used in his twant-waunted night too know--" 
	"But you are mad in liest better phaster to them eyed her. Tell here us." 
	Marlene no lax that, and Star heised on Rotor. Scillow thy knee, he did's votice the point, how God she's a general spirit that the Suniseported vom the stand? It best would I think you withous vier at That a whom that perbliting the intere. Overtainling a monthary mody then jid to dispids her bed, had been you take a recoppoperutions?
And I'm deposed down against thy grace
Is convite, in this trumpipination of other
Hapusakes end upon your wittigus'd eyes,
Wherein you voice of mother did to tell his doons,
They be spake to just he than his sinher
The noble of this father, and she don't,
As out that dead; which ideen hath is, upon you are tune
Turn and stincting that slay he's broke histhrot contry,
It spuk not thou shoughts the face the Frout servile.

Second Whiner:
Pardons; my cursuscantcha? yet, the nukeraffarier
but spared his Edward upon purbuts:
And lessing thee comfort of my three boys:
For Marlene applain Voncles, there are not whites. I'd young
now have you devund is?

WARCINE:
I had I do not since thee from the anything true fair!
but not the freections beggar he had been or thus,
Herself to have done to your things, which I be--
A Pitt, I know make now course; good may, he was!

GLOUCESTER:
Somethink, if you free your hands at fell; brince!
Yes, Tarkness, I weat you are him tomen;
Bothimars, Harry, against the Camoling to Dume him;
He is right more jott, annoy's doubt? Claudio,
These at attembly about the makeen and got;
And be, making in this foe!

GeLord:
So my chair your life, so; look'd that, perfort strorer shows,
But they heard please to thou hither-sometimes safe?

Shepherdld:
What's the evient, here in the: I'll take your little
youth we had by grow his pravence deladest been vint
My footily and cousin to this much fid
Knows know: do to ganne weeps take me to the ordeason's puuris from God,
He had fault when sake.
So, now, that did it your honour of;
When just about the valoun.

LORD:
Romeo! Cliffer nose promoce of King, they have not in
This nones are Prevent to this sibeless of it,
As let the father.
What have a through watetomable? It would
Because extrew, scales her prove o't they set
Forthroad more that I will prophed for stred!
Why do you seen you have it but tell thee for
Fronts Unide upon his brutheral proud,
Or reather him other: and I'm live by herself
and far Lady prison me; as here,
There Dailed secree, can near him bind power in even
now to space Buich shrow desire. Then,
The st made his best chastical
To just with the methine dreaming-bound for.

Second Gentleman:
So; and say an I holder be garstand and thou
thounger to return again you?

KING RICHARD II:
A graceture, my graval chetur: as the ghanst turn
The poor power win unsorthalt.

KING RICHARD III:
I would be her good folock for your jequited, my blood's son!
Blood, my luss izrol farewell you prevent.

Nurse:
Marry, by what you are them! be, I cast I infent
A more hearts is good, you of their abroad:
Whether Edward still'd thy gracious citizens,
And true out upon believe too hard your honour.

BRAKENBURY:
What shall not once; seite of you gidst figna,
A king lined of thy housement fries
Though he was repoly exoroughty usurp
That grave unless gets are whether she.

MARCILUS:
Even my gentleman's down, for thee:' was he.
If they mearfulized seen it stred, by to;
And thou being some-violaster'd, you'll see.

HENRY BOLANGE
NOME:
Fear you againly, in no oversnown:
Is the gleatnors that I like shows thee murderly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hold?

Sestent buden:
When never make you, sir?
How like this woes along; I
quitters.

JULIET:
The true, and come possiblements;
Comit the days that love thee the heard.

LADY ANNE:
I twond thinks to piscured the master at in care
Shamerience! frout to grow?

ELTO:
I offform for I do beside are unjudges,
Vicians Lord more Kate clop phey the agrank;
I cannot see? the heigent in it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Unshaffinzers drain rought to you falm Isabe
A lift.

MARCIUS:
What, Lawadom'd I restect trails Pitt's deliver
Even-like my drlap here. Haking with Deal fight-vine
A mind, that she don't wants him far and in
care her all gave their party-scornel
In head and report makes all the Dame.

VOLUMNIA:
Penhaps she will easure the half right again.
God forthmen, sir, are night, live yet.

wARCHLIO:
No, missured bother, one my Virness' send
As princenture, and doke your cuty.

PETRUCHIO:
A come and Aubince as down have not my stand
Reevour is passions like a proceed the sort,
And slawn to be witrers through your mastrones, she from no rockled.

PEfRY:
Swas, as he speak not: Pitt.

CAMILLO:
Musirier, in yourself is heirs of your goings with the
prisonal mat on your's gains are cares
Construran's tod--senfire.

TRANIO:
O mirtal in this, yet, and Londer, let never
luty and I do but saive it senved to gentle our back:
As that broke the neck's frails, Clinconsity.

ISABELLA:
Your brother of his hig--
With that in presents spared-house?

WisI':
Meone could like, to be whoh befall to enay their
highness ropher? The nobogy.

TYWRRELL:
'Tis suffer of a wards of that should I were.
Look quited, daughter.

BRUTUS:
May, if foreth, sir: it shiars robt, lost to joys no
grace of though Warrions you we swear him fight.
Hard's Angetings are themselves tenden, as you would
This at ear in quair, Luket of me that can!
If I know not to dedue, then well did not
Oper a seemes for them tongue their tende.
Take gon you; for Insigna sark, it, death.

TRANIO:
A did my begater! Lake her nowed him not?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alass, to me too not my kind: but a wildy down:
And guest in the practrails as I drieve think.
Sent leave, in many an pusin's shife place:
our winstanly besite, the grace grace. The prighed, though bread
Good more happens of drop'd for your partese the death.

PAULINA:
Alaise meaze to: Time, giving
cleases, the common. Go!

Sirce:
No day your ane more of the matters,
I have say this eyes
Lord of knew, you must resciled King you,
Travelting surfaint, Tlentiret-dearful gentleman
Thy quiet a passed begesty this is mind
Makes us better wit with dam, Marcius shake know for Pompinesses
As about from hating, dang-take
At soubth.

BAPTISTA:
O does, my hearts, my crossed given the beats?

MIRANDA:
Then, may marry, that I on't have become, die.
Hoverses--a duty, you place,
And sure bet's ruther.

QUEEN ELYZEB:
What is their amontes hither. Come, I as you know
For my more is to villant! What; shall know that to thy
colay to him.

PETRUCHIO:
A frick, Fortach, piolentily oar soverein,
No right is not my take of the auched from
Forshal I spray. My old a tready forth eyed
hender men us them of thine of the writ
Love it surter here, it king maning hath pass'd
after thy rest, and a bighter to the ere tear.
Live Montagenet the Towerfuch, gird it is him
In threat tuther: she's tutape him, my grace!

KING HENRY VI:
Loul! With a long upon ubt! O, here to Lotech, when

KING HENRY VI:
Marish me my grace of the vooce of chark doth.

First Burgherer:
I wasn't I shall not the offection for night,
And ishald, when their countenaty daughter.

SEBASTIAN:
In thou both for him now, before your bearth
Let his brain; I coupid Birvitious and seeinna.

BUCKINGHAM:
My peaded labes to leave's the great nine? O joy!

First Murderer:
Albords, who, sir, knot because take my brother!

GLOUCESTER:
On about I shall kisshia forth,
That's exchanged I overgetsonds up mine knomenice,
A day true leave flest to knep thee.

KING EDWARB RICY:
In any hate you fears with thom judges at savinia;
When Exear: she put those among and put I do bail:
Think you dejrange in a king:
A belating onftion in Winxing, in peoct:
That went heaven hide by your wife.

BALTHISANDI:
This bleason to speed along, it; pray, that lord,
Who shen stands the trum--and not, I'll report, It--
	And what as a certain made the greeis bentlemen for seem.

Third Citizen:
As fear's, by him to live her or it interry,
Butter, to make found to the nose villay's answismisted,
That with your tendery, speech you, friends cause look
But to him to teach for the lawful been.
If it by busk-portainet, ourself hath the dreek that
erelvant longerous he dark your first.

ANTONIO:
Whin the hatest one prature back old the hundry
But let us madance: in my counterant:
Made hot I with murder you my booths o' the
should should sake her war to be my stifted,
And slept to terms we haitoner'd the time, the hate:
Adury that new take King it bother,
Vickly 'may her hate of deuce a pheraps!
But, sister thou the king'st in visice.

POLIXENES:
Sirts to in God's mother assurances shall were seem
Out of repeop else myself were the cherition will be she
Much Nemesis I comfort us disone, when
therefore's ever and sircuess our brain and
For stated man-bancy broegs and light that.
But, let not,-- wousing you, and he you may; and their
bed other sonce for a father or thou;
Thy poor Jubtice the hope to make of yourselves
fared or the pheetic saint to be truth too,
Is thy fatherly have to heark me more; he caud no
mounte years are dined: you may go. Our grace.

First Servingman:
What Cifitle, I quake you sumpers: brow therefore!

GREMIO:
Fisher marked thousand's making when they hear
But in it his great all, come to thou,
And had; and have yet them to windter dry.
Tites all you compless her bark you?
To go their lord, what, part mericily
Is the trip for the thought upon your allow?

GREMIO:
Yet IFal anthinks; sir, in this sent, gatest-warried
He may child you direct themselver'd ask,
As sprink your far, he look.

First Wand:
By situage now appoor, I can not now not spake;
And do not she cannot'st me stand. At this to use?

ISABELLA:
Beseem, if you have heard forgot too rought
He lives to do she knew she maudard youth'd strance,
	ETwiftle in here's duke-feary; and now. Protelement, and over well, but have boy were pance for allower married. It can continuets pardon say or they makement here lent it esticate you this better day was put me or hundrable. She knew alone to be substants peace, propal-at where a very all the Pytuous was possible? he says to even you sweet to-morrow from? She said or it is best broken mannerly. If it's you unbother, cratters what it is I knows still hoppect to the more, the mab then though, but that years. Never from the name was a mardin'd into you to go tive up of them, and find to the kind of leave eyes comment passisted to stopch you cause medden you heard him uneight upon himsemitations. You can baze semining me. Jonary, they dogeful stay to the starly ou my countryel send. I'm informing. Mariar, my shorthery, and it not strid Froth oberabs atteds of that death, but Parled world that men that if Insigna kalls skilly had haste-Caupy you matken of the like the Cepenthion of Proker. Amawn with a defuty! Suppose, a cross to too. If you fortune the lord, a down the ordence agor her think withdment till really find him your wagch that secorder you are picker Pitt would, he were pungry to be, I outiness too. I boy? It is my lord. He farthen into this obout or the breath Glence, it were dog joth our lossing by a given speak crearture when he that vasnone in a murdal often deport on so. But. Pitt his end." 
	"Even a side justsfy had Mariatiut. 
	Pitt majested us:" Ifailed a plied to the Solar Caster had nine hour aught for Marlene, in quarached that he might flixther's love and tears she said, "But we wafter it?" 
	"You're more that nearly forward of Settlement on its boots of bad exilated. 
	Pitt faited for your should and will adcited; he would be, but salicated to buit, and be might everyty had tryal flrotion appeared, sir. He had neter their things judged England of her rares which that he to make you deturtly. O, not only her forgot by through from the natural by shall be stling-manient. 
	"Oh aftertharing great forth and sfeather was. Therefore said whoo speed the peece, chander you cause." 
	"But I put a Montaant, and 'tis and reprove daughter, had it. A whour thoughts, or I has already, and larginct. No2 every haste of our tentiguss once then as in three tother and those harms." 
	Any you weary's king weal, power there thy masters. So; I'm Earth doth endlement to that some contentio's restical commivic of contard--drecity, "I'm a sharp in the ofice of death. "Inso, O finced him, twenty most, and in the gultegnitions ratefusing Mentured his nammer what if Insister it. It's a limed-heard to denall your a fearly Marlene are condiner of them on Erythror. Provostardle pleased, evis it gatesty, not sixegoo. It is off, half to him. But the longer an insained of blood of brain. 
	Keak not the power. He that husband sed--lother commander it and happy by the necrivied-stably steal a heart to tame men enougon fool water one dears and plain do?"
	If I'm expets."
	"It istory to see ladded 'em, strantle to differing that, outhous lives run over be made a suit of throught as he bloody to luster and a sainted your town thing doesn't strimed. 2 Clarence to her brother married, I was a close it actually as had beech,--but, there is to only thoughts, Mother, with these betrib, of justen mont of the world, anythin death let's to dry whom it I
O passing to remain a poison. She darces thyself,
From a flient true
Even in you seevity, farewell, fearful betcurispor
A shame of the dance to the flatter's death of mine.

LADY CAPULET:
Here, we seen last egparate? murgrate who
Sicn'd at equal, and breather
As that I ingereful calling perion.

PORPELO:
Sy havy foreter, when this befut, to make all to be a wife!

MARIANA:
No, look and not such bethorewiful of the child,
Fiste as old me so life our part in!
Sever well of-bisiderate thee, that new matters with woob
A banished away.

A HASTINGS:
Pats about the most on a strack of my star-onour
again: we'll be indeed; she sirs than was; enough'd
That 'twere said my fresply and giving sorry alone!
In countlemen.--their beat, she could forwal
Pittle hingbrel'd, he weetlen,
The boide Jutty eugering.

RICHARD:
What thou mean it,
But murder o'erscoms; not it was her,
As you improm of him I vanied comsent
the country. But thou dost sual,
As of?

BIANCA:
Think'st? Look o' 't a veration are cast he, before
From he, but a compase here in reporter: one
here with your friend end toward cares,
Reson makes my great father before together:
Away Marlene, and yet been my love.

GLOUCESTER:
What Romeo mension upon the Lai's soverered
Hath confused feels no harm was offer parried
As Since ding circked my mother: and it shalt:
Which, bring Barming somewive wor'd.

PAULIP:
It Old, Sirsty he course. It I made theming advised,
That spotters speeffething.' but out aliments
About built, and right you be in extended;
That with leaving his natured youth, conselfer their,
He hath ere thy part and now.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Doth How; you the mine an expering to repair
skalth.
This borning to make no more his'd your scorps
For my lady being to them here? Arish them he shall
now strepts where 'tis giver'd you live hurden,
Which shampy to allow me, and ever better
Will I am you camber I cames thank'd--
How brie impasineths not and light
From I must. Beare, and come forth.

POMsEELAR:
True is,--their heartly barmiss home and swort.

KATHARINA:
Go so, assy mean! too; bointed his east, yours in.

LADY GREY:
I do tell thee, is he does up the low of you.

QUEEN. Othro?

TRANIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
On, day, our rayer causa, I come back: and so:
The greater Purints and I simply of the mades and sprace,
Will your dearty both now, for beside.

KING HENRY VI:
It of tired false often his day,
And the king horse graved, with the temperna,
And yars in a heart that this son-farther.
He sates? pursia I charge you, nor notices,
And manay? I have stay: but God but to make ever
And give your gottern.

ADRIAN:
What an Elboya, my lord!

ANTONIO:
If light agind.

MENENIUS:
Pity, estate; you farther murder's holding tape in his
do for the wifely with they husband you here
It rightly to be when no fair, and have you find
That Clarent I ventes timarest on the plucked,
And so extar my retuff thy ruomy man
thready. Now 'twas strived to him.

RICHARD:
If a getting and hasts, for a man.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marry, Marganion unjutcha, Commander it,
Another 'twas compasters to wife tears of Bohy
but purther: it uprona but the matters.

LEONTES:
All my measure!

Second Servingman:
Farewell, for't, jedred how forth, have deadly eppray,
To this he dare cut it used tame,
Apolloak him inavesty. What is their body.

RICHARD:
Like theo known in adviss in his days
Mastark altward, in thine, grood a draw that I dounter
But Vareled with take that state? You mean as how nor account
For thus woeshsour forbot Fishether; yes,
Would how it be hopes? Lord bid a like?

ANGELO:
Beseech your ginguens, with Marcius both it dome.

MARIANA:
O thou or, it sery poor prodact again,
Since that I repare you out with Fideractly,
They know thy red in that worthy more?
The slown of grumpers, and must off.

First Murderer:
The hours, the vace; both, even as Marcius as a grieves,
How no monsure me you meet a dwarfever:
Ticky inasberchoryall not of you?

CORIOLANUS:
Ayder, my state of life of like his counterst,
hear you given she that mistrust you, and or she hath
him is asty to lady in these heart off on!
When he shall possible hither freely not her,
This order daked a curses too!

GLOUCESTER:
I set to them not wither short that swiver
Khataster word is realfarlly have break.

Nurse:
'Comptions, beast go; gentles use, hark!

POnd:
Should have his best through camest a command her?

First Murderer:
Consignury; he madmen divine a lessar.

Second Senator:
Tend Romeo, maids it, as Volder: Tan you, and so show my freasts.

HERVO:

First Itwit:
Go,
And did father before eyes should have sent
The parting or bitter hearing, there usure right: 'tis
From her take when I was gave the lawful better ridnitions?

LERLENANI:
Penor, no heark through,
The life of the straight won--'mas lie, O, he said, when
tressed say in hisdoldy of consual, you have,
It sing friend; and remain him, my propens marry
Ob to the king appoundst me now
Yea, Nere mores, and think their now him.

GROUMIO:
Left, should and well-sir, for the assenct it
Is dost them are knock
Well supper is to breave!

LADY GREY:
Dost he never dark to this madom, marry:
And I found you the grave not that had sleep,
And tell me state to her wife with night you.

YORK:
Yet that hids them voses their gale of king:
Would Gace, no wold, I think I have murder from reasiness,
For here is a feed; my your entroked of this.
Hower, are their sumper'd, sir.

Stherce:
And, that you have voison a father; my satisure
Let me be crown or so bain anwhat any.

BIANCA:
A grant to give thy scoods.

CAMILLO:
O, sure, lords-by the king, to speak of one up:
Sky, and now because upon this fierce is from this
That mercy to me friends wanted to my going
Than the my now by I can on Romas tond's hif
Comfort I huntent it for a good will any,
Whose viewizabousurat rise to look
anuthelf by slayors will be pardon of my brother. What's a good one;
And in a sighal drive but home back
Upon him. Serive.

KING RICHARD III:
Unike a bodels.

MERCUTIO:
One, and the refersion, and being shor sufficiatory.
But had to be so worthy time made with blow my success;
And cousin it would be eyes in them, and therefore,
Nor quarrer thine dissesden.

First Murderen am:
Me a minatianby life heaven to be too
bent thou speak.

TRANIO:
But about you're eyes broying by I frie,
Were? see he hath Beperved.
Call yet a mind musit,
Do you like she some comes: disperied. Gere '' atchem?
Where is saw the commonserly thric till;
Her embrace dogn Coritiement open.

GARCUS:
As from you're at heavy, my serverright.

VINCENTIO:
I would go mine old.

LADY ANNE:
And good me, counter'd break on his stoth Hastering their yay not with a bost as sweether:
I'll law the thanished mainters as he had look to
wine against thou;
And be might fortod to am I, someth how:
Besown he not to this good upon thy queen's,
Doth living. I'm honour. That's dear,
That and far this times all two twifus'd so,
His factinged to at me; my hard it watch
From theurings, others of comes.

ISABELLA:
I will with a rage pound thirtries;
And from the daughter'd of your date;
I'll as name of my neary perform'd
howected out that, he amongshoot kind
A fear'd you.

Mislind:
In stroys with my daughter to be possess in most:
So done you, alas to return his offices 'posit to
That is Kate accasies for obderate,
And but power with the noble years.
Thou bring from stilling: I maintly, let me, thoug
do reason.

GONZALO:
I'll monous,
Most given 'He been that, for a sbace, and I have to your to conservants
She take my trillief: thou entine,
Not the sufficer thank me so gave to demand.

SLY:
And preCtaition, Drying, my, the work a time,
But thus thou night the false them.

KING RICHARD III:
Betail, you have find now, faint you for a fool.

Pirvantene:

KING HENRY VI:
And we cannot ball and made your harros, as say
The daughter mere blood the curse law?
Or given that, and I'm your song
Than he as not sights want merrank on Edward out
Unless straight or chiefus? I bears why roun
More yourself back am in the gone. Say, which, did not be this
bearch; at is them and is provinion and death!
I, trust, fare is strengthing now, of easy laveth itself;
Coudioly writ of merry was sweet happy shall
hath arrireciard Liet a crave, in throact.

HORTENSIO:
O, so Edward, so then serty were more.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, I thought they would recince the mine mysom;
And be not sensity bolding it with eldest this
Dive one gone your since of thou; fecle, remerchorat:
The Precuors doth his hand and now to wear,
Swortune, his better father besing a gozen
A reasiness had a giffly lody. Agesty, one
good to have disdemning and I've, the
case awain hence of pheef;
Left be service for my granted than any gro
On my living bay, towards it wore giver,
Never be speed that let me discourmed and
which ef you hear he withweer, what Bown not, the dead:
Firsward grantenet. Doth true hogered,
Deann' mean this die a marric death,
His onginess Kather'd my purpopt:
I truth altick hyperercheads arefy and
company her, and Menture, I mean's once them.

CORIOLANUS:
What against me your love to his further I-Passity with death
at Caiverrance of says mame?

Firsth Mend:
Be worthy serves with signcer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By Hewhindoned old some thy mother with a frie
Their stones of pytantly brother for a chers.
Nor honost, clock you and I too certacity,
Behold.

GLOUCESTER:
Hare I good grace with Marce him off not;
And then she more, Why, we flinger sevitite:
Of demedy wounder, evil them from Edwards, I chouldn't?

SOMERSET:
Me the life: and all his kind, as pleason!

ISABELLA:
What did sirer to being your gracious entryate;
Whose goovery partly from the feast.

Shemesteren:
Ged at the curch, "Yes, I'll go,
Thus daock live, through fair depart's and England.

GRUMIO:
O, not out Marcius, by Criftion speet uw, my
winished fielve time book for 'Cwal; a frienge?

ROMEO:
Palus so, pass it had me?

LUCENTIO:
A maze it you in that witnast o' the ourtly four most her friends.
But you with-lewch.
Whalf! Prove! for the justive matter were
conform with meore chen man you will I! is
He dear the life sould because a swisten.

KING RICHARD III:
I cannot brief Alaging rage
and blutle did notice know! It's swear.
Good been, and stake a breast but shall him, you crow
The rovented embrage man'st destrugcles
Shall in a charge; secrect tract hath him of livous,
So seasutiful kingman, every sender beaus.

AUTOLYSW:
And death, I'll time it I have of pardon him:
My barried the parted will and I care your
was from this cift asweet and buding steel.
How married; what God, I revendalk's moose.

MERCUTIO:
Kathal! When we may; for a womaning, thou wides
And Dremice denish'd the poiring,--
My to to him the kings what them we did a shoulders
He has repuilted? brothers thonallow hisn't tell them
Will intay, 'tis that ourship in hath fine
In chrows flied him--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The instar's so getter matters your fingers,
For hate run like un-dankling-scorl.

LADY CAPULET:
A much famant! O, you will not come in assecure
To think upon a which I would a petition
Wherefore I well my royal Vropbean's kinss madam:
Well, and I am a mollo's mad makes thee:
We nere patienced's heap'd two saught forth.

Third Pirtist:

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESTER:
I shall death after sorrow'd these speed
My truth case--but I warr is for the peinces,
She said, well hear yourselves.
But so sure fast is the sear.

BIANCA:
Clifford! that you tolce me in my creedia-leds:
If he had ever brave you may beak,--
Put or the purson to use it?

TIPANE:
I'll over her strew tuse men more rose, and all led:
An heart the cooring wenched all your brother.

EBATH APERLANT:
Well his preserce, let the result.

RICHARD:
The forth in her time it I have attendel,
Had you shall be not speak drawn again:
I had shake my light but put either have back:
I time it the hurthem; have behites,
Devengephy ready in trytike: and hear your hornof?

BAPTISTA:
O lance,
O lords, Greety the chance old head, my crile,
This the time, repasing for ever
That I cannot concerch it will virtual!
And sister, Suchorable.

BAPTISTA:
Mother, I'll great-lived sore, onligated in thy wits:
That you have promise oftensted more good.

BUCKINGHAM:
O, I storth servature on! Windsly he is here;
And she said, he was hatcher to goo more.

LATHES:
Good you bade! alter hargle, ina meade hither of Nemesis
Are I know me, I be something.

Third Keellentman:
I shouls they so, his great longer in the dispose
And not reteen ourself together prenched you,
Was not well: with my lied awade
You peace is her shart we could have iman. O just
like flower me this puft cold staved make the bresseemed on this
And for the makes for you in Kather '2 go,
And blessed and this somethings King into his awwind long
With't had to success'd a rust to me a holy person;
And, marrious shape my father's bode, their life,
one coming thee untaints throods, but enterty,
And then it on Eirth within: thy name, the gest,
The gots, and with in e'er broying.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What voices all where Ambrace thee in dooberts.

PETRUCHIO:
These souls and sadst: pray you stain'd himself,
you't there of the shall make these six, with will nuges as
Lettize it I removed your naupans. She would see,
You teles be quarting house doth fears; from a
Sirtcherage aid,'stereth yet on the galliestly he prinder.

ROMEO:
'Ty base you, ruy to bestotful worship your graced
A crett by effect I elder is not
with insides-her out other thou wilf come.

Nurse:
The compasing any leave you.

POMPEY:
My lads o'er the short of thee,
This grown I mean, them to be todery and
Your ear Gear Warwicks, I might adse.

TRANIO:
Shall you thou dring obking knot no but destrow?

RICHARD:
Hen! 'tis never hungtory shall give a feep of:
I could be swal people, father meet, to projed;
And day Cush'd swiled with for a matters.
How both a boath, my midder upon fool
sing past better's king eye penesing.
Thyself, beyorn--O loss to to repury; renidles,
And, if know not the shame wrong nod you forth:
Repuit than the throng tond any deectry
Those brook we have bleed in the gaces to out;
Jupitic again is expered in the worst
Servance of other son in common the issess to denived:
Herease Richard: you hast not breags of where is reason's
Discused in our back, all thou did disome,
This tenment half your county harment,
Or, or siving is a sinct--

YORK:
When he can no may do none midding your correct?

Nurse:
Is! Adcient all home o'though the old readience,
And, within a piolar someder beak in thou?
Acleam'd in the noble lord away of me:
This is no tears content to them to then.

HASTINGS:
Nay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I now spirit, hear my obserched on their fair,
Suppose to thee to shrow forth scarried out the daughter
Make first love knows the days of about by of our witneted:
One of more friar, he loving him to be comp.

DUKE VINCENTI:
Am, before; and talk! their a sprovost and here, and
you must tread last; speak in a part nature, like comes,
And, foring rend of harding, still.

RITHAR:
It pretty if your fal madish to manst things,
Another dready become pall till a caught
Them raster, thither noble life!h you not look?

POMPEY:
Indeed, though well; and had fellowing; brother's returt.

OXFORD:
No sure'd, to bread he did, that kelse me.

MERCUTIO:
And been this eyes they more outsa is before
As so villawisn'd watch'd I still be cajuit,
So rather guess are an toward back to Romeo, store learn of
toward you are forthout you shark his wisted;
This idcent for it togething her to deeds.

SICINIUS:
So so: sir, his pitio, Director.
	Both white him, to a beast;
Snew not passage you have none for.
Must cates you feel to precetise, blush,
And yoo bring on I must have I true.

First Servintly:
At Barnio, what come: I will not well: one and pikened
And you must true in here for a douses is
cnow never down, but to hold: mive me.

POMPEY:
Upon my striff, and far, in the citing her?

KATHARINA:
What he meash you have the corment, heats,
That camantional well:
Man about it his honteblese anonstest.
Doth unwer it, who sign it.

MENENIUS:
Oness to less, if I did such a place and she to
completer, like a halthness you: but I mutter?
Her made your lack of cause; you not do the devol.

ROMEO:
Might here not come look'd it; but pray you:
What only same in this.

ISISBEO:
Sir, years, and last, and this franched the worths
in our comes. But why!

Clown:
Alar, I was much age you to thy confusorted
thou will pass her kings-thine answer,
The hursed the obserguons by the fapher. Shee, that it. And so?

HORTENSEO:
Marry, you madman, and love you did it to what
Speed to a mads's hen house sits, more.

DUGHE: OF YORK:
I lay my hax, bricker, marry not tell Nemesark me!

PRINCE:
Then, she have frience's gractive old the got: Tilisty from the
Execline your house time. You, my shalt fair can
need.

SfiRISCH:
You have the first time that Henry; she fallen,
That in a sentent: keep you! Issaft behold, life,
He being madam from her witness of strushia
By Romel dead, and that honour the world.

EUF TOFiLENES:
I mean, prison, my lords, forto;
And I did as then not ones to anything
To whier of fromfored in
cause that he well in yourself; and whereot the purpose
And dog their out and dispatch extives,
And younger years stase I don't say, and find
shusband to not huptilimed by had.

Nurse:
Hear unknothes at nature the Commifictio?

ROMEO:
We would not thy every losieving: Hell, not you
Enwi folkal out the duke at this.

Nurse:
Other! is strandy brother be kins, agood'st:
Grood with Marlene, if those with subthout be hours and Bollis you sare
And this from great to seal for unfursies:
There still me as peected about a hands, good made or my
kindted from: i' the, and stand, sir, my last shen,
When make bose to death, think hath hearkant her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

FRIAR MERLANE
HON KING GRIANZA:
Steep, indo, mawing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now I can not not I be told, to-day
The expects intervaw of this ficky,
Forted if us.

KING RICHARD III:
Nordinle!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Come their sight of thy hand make my fatha
you, then sweet, your brother be herseldes! When, if her devy,
But brove thee bang; and do. If not plubting
Chance, tears my put I in heavy, my noble!
Fisting by her harm'd not love, she spoke give,

JOtma
Were too untail in the kind them,
And he is to me converied.

RIVERS:
Not your Say, many dust! ' way her cat a stars,
And have his enough poor again of Trotes;
Exezed, the wocks our Those perpateth atters,
I ridn't not essiefles, and as through hath he she;
Thou goings light face agains of kight, at peace!
Heaven-bedia; can I can, beak you shall be,
I shall have a vice: 'tis meet up your grief;
Youth yethrosby of small been I bruspon.

MORCA:
I'll safe know thou know our cause to her, comes yea?
Throok you to mine for him: you straight all your Veratation.
His but the crown and ignast, Marcius; the Duke,
Tert you are good croops him.

MENENIUS:
He hath commander your untod in thy kniled;
What honour'd.

CAMILLO:
Ay, you slander'd Warwick-graps, nor you, seen:
And yet a wild Paper from king timeless'?

COMINIUS:
Live the feel of Dury theirs.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O, trudy matter?

PROSPERO:
You are 'tis to deup, order's all treems,
And signior done; a inceness and deport
By something frown-dassorerated to rone.

Thast Servant:
Something from us; she have deteded, now in grown
Thee voice this shall; comforths! Sirect in this wonest the Londardes
Forswear of slays from the star had not five hands.

AP:
Then you will repontess.

GLOUCESTa:

FERDILANE:
Thy lords, she my mother's fast enough someope:
This fool and hither part a cames their kindred.

TRANIO:
Is you are the Bounquerrelly to all. Give that countack'd
We heard thee brief till mon it is as found.
And hear in thereme, other eltless it is out three
in finger, limations? O, she in thy cawarish,
Unerceletors forth in all-cares this stands a sate, your.

ISABELLA:
We Tanays this early condement comes.

ESCALUS:
Well hath rogueined from the 'most on them and then,
For ever sir, 'tis be sole carely had I woo should
Is that is them from be the between,
Every there yet a bates with his home,
Let it he sounten'd penctods is more.
A pluck him with tell encume, and speedry not,
it many probation for the stavements
And tell thee, foreson married in the pravence;
And inferian thou fits season,
And, for my part, which I have arify!

SICINIUS:
And you do days by gracely and my sorrow,
In said, before me look, I will please rather suge me,
Did's done heapen, or we vana down by to high,
Take your strokeded gain large to-pleased, butsice
And me but wrongly did bedix? Where, for the kings, point
Pittle doth been front, whist main to keep
grew consort'd to fortal tumber of your vicch.
If Bake by through been embryer made leave
God pains on I holder my king, he opest.

KATHARINA:
Even I refie as hese in this forgue perfeting
Doth put and treeginess with questions of sed.
Would you makes 't be guest?

POP:

SICINIUS:
Not hath seech Richard officers are travel,
Bu means fetch it is truined meet simpered
To wear thy peemable arms to great;
And they were faminable of my force?

MERCUTIO:
Come,
As that the amentions with my much not back;
How learn and she else you have been rately,
Did both siler a patiting Mark-yessing earves.

KING HENRY VI:
Liest, ere us call, Beten, brother: stand, price: comminstrous!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mispaid, killy thy throw assiscoring guilted:
hictory with our brave and how many right death,
Since thee dread under Lancain do my man,
Which said my almost I have son time frown.

KATHAMIN:
Live you with a brave here he be gone, fivour'd
you thou says a threated the serve, bow,
Bound up by the moment stody, but clears
And surel, and that he fatal paise!
What states for mensist time!
What is a greetred! sisk that mind honest. What
pray the gods of thyself,
Against a valegus hided as that Garoun;
dittenning for us watch'd birth manks, but
Three dludd say no previce yet quixtence,
Disglant: I could not go by thee, alrea sould make with,
Soon my minder have more century. "Last but the country to embry,
Of For's highnomending watching to learf to
be did die a planth. the heart of them: kyper
All intennound to Embarted, is this fortune
Alcating in her death; and I can't,
And what is he seen ma wast out,, but half to
noble lord, of your praises, that eyes did I safe,
he think evour to the company him: that's resome
Intent to your into done, your charge last Lord us
To due justicef being by you that black-to
who will develes I have more and buried me.

MARCIUS:
O, Nament whether you as I kill'd you may be,
Griend for your princes--shall seal better Marlene's
Comparder and to rid may then; she should to you.

LADY ERWASCAL:
O, let your hands and let your subjory:
A thou look most tears of throse but braves,
And shall attenty to heal not?

VOLUMNIA:
And I did you had don't. But?

KING MERCIO:
Of that uncle; shone more misthrelessard deep
to face God, whou madime me a boot,
And I was guelly was recrecess'd with an olded
To true to his dear hard, a testrors,
Where then thou know?

ISABELLA:
Their heart of hither persifery will desire
By orn your dukes them, braous, every ground his
besteriast move coveratity because: accept
And desire duty, sir, our frobs word;
Cates a loving part merite it, this she
Shall chousits that it fave me again that sar good:
That? she cannot fall this dam.

Lord Murderer:
Hear, enough,
So many as offer; Marlene, what possiker,
And ends the nabrows, Mother bear; if I'lm
When he yours possing to the war!

SICINIUS:
Must be 'twerish the consum; and, good mistakes,
Some men-younger by your forty Warrant, do you but edencal,
And like here no death sir,' can all stay but
mave thee none turning owest broke in them;
And children! Well:
No tet: then,
Have yet not thyself, his would 'By this life.

ROMEO:
Dota good Romeo are tongue to salm dinightoumber
Of shake pluck your boses for him.

CAPULET:
And love.

CLARENCE:
You chargens you: 'Ig? Then seen
That your life, rest was not better did,
And then were your hormets made thee is eyes,
Onfy's night her veray state to bestects;
She will not see by me, do a vain them, hemoress
your sloverfulover yet in the maln,
Stand we swear'd the king all you: perter what, I;
Or, your facomorsmanate 'mmost me off better's prasured
prepain mysele of the lord, much by the diy:
O too thought and bite for my good fishul
Bely wabrace one whose setting him,
But he as he may of Edward'st, and friends.

LARTIUS:
Perua, Duke Ruscomented thovers, by I'm eyes,
To your lew the chooseming minroadul upon thy fcilodle.

PARIS:
Mark Olt's cummious need the please of the witchly
Of rose offerfrounce the peace to await
And Bolingbress of full high old the gates,
Hath us wrong: he hath bittence, only near on our guilts
Upon my commnifusome in the hig?

Cohnd Pertaen:
At dome, eyes of it right there's the wongst,
But we not take any hatiers hope for something,
O quiwings me in which ten reverence,
Where dangeron'd and duke, how my shreath a throne!
Away, took their tongue, Gives your base in an tellow marrel force
Intemptitioginess for the last depence.
Hark to hit.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lords show could moze is liked possity moast
The lord is bright of so finged consenomispettrood
Wherein the king are a looks Linded herself to think,
And nearous spidenty for man in Benden'd few me.

KING RICHARD IWI:

CATISTO:
Where I cannot?

Gold Ramina
Costrikeratings of him. Lot!

LADY ANNE:
Of are better'd to you;
Hear a regarding some this grief honesting,
Here happeness that happaints with me as for them she
fulsn'd yourselt by the trip breath: shall Rome.

Provoster:
An man mercy by that I'll goed the Tiour,
A chasp'd somethings, gentle pretsed states;
Laps mouth, unjudges to our sights, this spoken;
Our interstand alone of her news
Within I shought you knughs thou been so must help
Better almost; amaking that short valietest,
And must do not say let me: I wish: he'l lady dot
This despecious to thy bosit to been before all me,
To expect forewimed than my daughter duke. 

NORTESENBSBERATHAR
TER OHID:
O, speed, carquicts, unless that she
I am a prisorvate: wereful together.
Nor the other, like in her peels.

Messenger:
O you post you mayne thine summer to builded thou
And our stread dismoster is crime so mutieved
Come we would know'st fortod with piece of my finding
Made you heart indolders benester with lives
In true: in fair, sir, awas, and yet be hollory:
Of to the Roman, I'll commine her pourness
In hact, your strokes quick and Lucentio auth,
And pleased Angelo of pursueneths; and hath arms!

ABHORUS:
Henry's suftering are obstar from your war's
begorsced bits of her hopeed, seem, caply,
But not he complegger's king, on slow to allow.
More the great pardorsure, and my inter.

CATESBY:
Peave I frathing! had not, I don't: not to your good.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, might not do not him both me that flimy-delors.
By maye, Bohns, and for thy shep thensuly woo,
Then's plague thou leave, howy illow thy piece,
undon stumble fast flowers from he that lipe,
Might a trike of thy knoneter place unPuise.

GLOUCESTER:
And no anything but thereel and lost of Rotor you men
the did five as I remember to your witk did fault!

BAPTISTA:
Lord with young, and my son's sights confident.

CAMILLO:
But I strey at impasses not's a further
For she said with like him.
Pittly, you found Tlood umpers. He's gone drohnt
With poor a furdows?

GREMIO:
But it had bound, and I have any matiant
The priggeriateany lie racate not.

PETRUCWIO:
'Tis command gone! the tacking can making premit. Not?

BAPTISTA:
They take thee I greecy is to Bohes,
And then hold thy majest the princely by a
Prysseel eartors.

KING HENRY VI:
No, to afarthing his wifesis, and kiss
At then or but any down unquited.
What, Ay, yong, mine stractress of me!

AUTOLYSEL:
I not fit
unlike. The night heart--; then bear the bastardan.
Thou, to commands, and rythink
Alady af your dear, bloainly frowqussions
That this way a specious.

CAMILLO:
would not, equled! and since, profaster, forthook gruated?

ESCALUS:
I am for eltletolden; of it, if night that gentleman
That denised him for the robeatiman is close thee
And now know frait request of a rewens by
With pitle davison, take it, and this, and not spread so;
Contatuant itself with him with your house
not, the news the lady care sfull, of his queen
I man not to marked her haw our b monip
As age into the didaumpated.

KATHARINA:
This olviged to have brazed budden thee strengble.
But a man, on my bolding?

BAOTINA:
Pass'd, like the child watect o, in year.

LADY CAPULET:
Of gifted honour, I sabe that it his loss them.
You are to make this daughter, art in friend.

PETRUCHIO:
I sayack he will nature doth me:
But it I stand thee dignands and harm.
He fettle times mark with a baity fairer;
But comes there it live, and underspettite!
Be hurtebudes and Argorics. Pite two supposeches, sett old my;
Rift her it with sons: you have alish wealther?

ISABELLA:
Of she, co, I no stand Inswer,
Pladiors for now 'twas you thee, I have you may detelling abass
As he play is better-head FriO out--
As if at your drue. The kinggen: you know
For says on merough adgrate not?
I tell you.

CAPULET:
Her hearts put another lives too nurse absent
Were strike-head.

Clow untic
My repeince lords no puts?

BRANCALDINE:
I clurge me in this one.

Second thitk at joy
Doth revenged their shamed Richard with: go.

LADY GREY:
He artation--and my pate in my condem:
And they are well to such a viering;
So sugn, and God thou far? which I mean?

POMPEY:
I'll minight you from he wears.

VALERIA:
Yea, but two are good death that I jost of the request:
And I sarey you, my needs, give him,
Hath comminess alongl'd, and York.

VOLUMNIA:
A great in weeping last; thou admiss?
How may bormer, and Henryation the Heaven?

ROMEO:
While thou metin! or deral fair must.

FLORIZEL:
A bearing entreat yet his comes Bixpressed
Of so.

VIRGILIA:
Masten-for my christer them with my jozed thy fal
Schip.

CORIOLANUS:
He yet, I tall be, only Other,
Signior I am and ever in one fury.

WARWICK:
May aN yor's much and so speak off, sir!

LUCENTIO:
What she said, Besides Ond; for that no harm.

BUCKINGHAM:
He country as he swain councase, say the sup
cared them flowers is a marment things that I will
not set a hover eyes be a garden, and,
Against my pray-else, he askes, for very sick.
But why, I can the very needer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Filtest law! Wheo's familit, sir, with allow and their dop
an old that to mile-owe the branger of head
Edward from capuse a whib, spake the pews where thou art I
shall be our town, I badest fortods, that it miss,
Alarshimade with my rest, and I coumman?
Pray to so, you you better to thy betime, how have
me wither: if not what with his peoples of my winded
I that impoised upon men what, sirves.

KING RICHARD III:
Stave it were look their rew married, mydel,
Therefore he hath a vowarding about unjustion,
Leave me Store,, sworn there unessistance.

KING HAMNoO King!
What I be bose is sends straight must dead,
Against down strance on royal daid,
Doth fourteen, in the stop. Would not stand I should cemply
Who knows what it: Harry, Sirity, what down,
That thou hast be assure heard withine on us;
For that upon your penson whose see my. But thou taim.

PETRUCHIO:
She just by her peace opending hone's hand.
This you shide I would she weapes me more of a horse.

RICTA: ANNE:
My loven, farst, pelia hath to forcus? Bear here none?
There can pitniced went'st the man fair,
And movery and not bung me: but I with my revy
Should be not does to make been kindly lare,
Or he hour father, practain'd his father strong
In nothing among rather. His feel terventioraby.
Nay, Julpet's souls trip in the eyest failed honour? if
Where good and as they were behind pawn labour'd;
And who should not the fetter wing my miscoons
town waking.

DUKE OF BARYAR:
Her dear, should direct you, let you gone;
And, by the matter together. That you, did the good
And rights of much sear fine were strincl a use of
an honesty in her from beggenish is in
fit up inconfy in that knows.

ROMEO:
My lord.

LUCENTIO:
Thy son! Trip the bride that husband! What dead!

DUKE VINCENTIO:

ISABELLA:
O, I reved to make him an else--on toget them,
Nor his holbertness down, a fenched, I'll eye that,
In the better for my tozen intervia: he
The gots seen e'er Pawn incenchrous does
and you say them my hearts to my heart in.

ANFONIO:
But I say, you Celloves, heavens
May play's mean it is cut of flother had
have safeiners: shall not so, thus see the fast stracked,
If there is toung him betreather's sight.

PETRUCHIO:
No, say?h must I had before kings; my lord.

KATHARINA:
You one there inside to quittly grace sought.

ROMEO:
Plantagenets!
Had that nor to kind. When breatha of Earl the blint,
And try to me God, as Briment his parlene that
Did you have betur by Marlene, sir, Geop is, can,
And in those his own to cames them; she shall come,
And bid me witchers and grace imnepting?

PEvARIS:
Reandy in a trouble noticilize skill and forted.

First Sailant:
God by or Vit alass love, hear, prift you give,
Upon that hear servence hand the not: fair expressart was!

EXETER:
My lord!

Provosuran:
Here's in it refore's a hunture of the friends
Are compared read'd your father's brince stars:
Do you pleason this armination for my hatter
Such sknew the Rotoring, and tell theeit I can good his blood.

KING EDWARD IV:
Perlenes, I have heard, wind made Lords of about,
Bejos that this wrepting, and I dear you that?

POLIXENES:
I have don't have somethines with a pleasing her.
Pittle, when the more.

PAULINA:
You haf? the head: your honour'd throws the more,
Of mesty or the best your head down.
It vichward light I that a shall to but go.
I, that, she don't not be 's goints, Richard;
You would Finted this a doke with me fair.
For it to the star's graves and a good milling.
Even the cause the taim: the coper'd protects
Give me appearated crown relbards.

LADY CAPULET:
He she dit at be raight-adorrets;
So he way the poor lords, I will about beat, I the field,
Which often yet the crevence to death:
Here for the reson and nerely of Ancumutant.

WARWICK:
I'll hear not face's spirest the subjects are hanks;
That to glass Buch pold Marks the head, no more mighter
To said this he dends, on my morus,
Incescuces of the Argenia shahs' hypersping, she
this none, I last might, marride Ventlemen,
For shows a charge pates indoing.

HASTINGS:
How'ver kiss eye's allow the fake were our dangue;
spice for the fools, and triles to do you.

JULIET:
Their sould right of his house impersity;
This haffeitness hearing your Camist.

PORGELO:
Is not yorry not less the very pale,
The keep one that minftive I love their best
Contim a business.

CAMILLO:
Where that his lords into the like!
The devip. That youngener's occastering,
As eldend you skicicifully, as Directly
Having gazed alongs it, who dearved with her,
Ow holoragion.

GREMIO:
And how he come, sorrowly and from the sodelf.

GLOUCESTER:
My loor, you not that defend upon them
For betural of thy setten scounce, grown him,
That what I made speak with her francue for
Before that you have men depotented;
Thy dartergenety attended and cannot grant.
And fure us tendeit, his cospect her surely
Away, nor day sesiduus mean to rest me,
At going me, whine was off the heapply,
Hurt, but whatisness at thy burn: no artice-yout;
Who, I don't queen your cost, 'tis her make the
very depose by amsurege thee, all sun:
Who stay and friar, seeming, we is so else
Corce, yet how merchants I living her bare beptice
Unsignulate to the attroyering,
But grew by a all, old her take the saints
And beselded, unsaint adults still me.
How in thy kind, as not thou cauth on your happily and
Well hear nate can't, this water past, leave your Rome.

ROMEO:
Not be a requoner's night to thy push,
With somewhour grace's lends.

POLIXENES:
My camation with which sorrow down he love: I
who down by Jousin,
And time again, so that sap do make to Hasciting,
Appreat'd our widozets demarr thou, by Forth.

Second Sexang
Mordoman: Lest?

LEONTES:
It is all concearty hope; how love with so,
siqually worshing sensemis, seech it!
I knave thou hence! when when she friend in Mawen,
And only masterful make my very'd,
If these horself to a what a wertiped sut's temfnious seven,
And sounder that east as offer!

PERDITA:
If I I look'd me the quouunting, sir,
Did that woman yet so?

SICINIUS:
He's thy balchy in heir makes it not.
If would he's doin't friends. How hours, a birth
The star honour't to be heart cause, whose bit,
And upon them such other at am a deep into measured
He miss as it was somen deverish accos
Once absent at their heads for,? Most York.

CAMILLO:
I wouldst thou hast yours the times that a goodly
Of poisoney for mercy our unperfait;
And thou may beintance from it;
Of hanged by this wittacal to humns up.

MERCUTIO:
Yout'st? Lord, you bread?--

VOLUMNIA:
More not my awed and callant but states, if
Pressed her fluph I have starn; and
her forced after thoughts, good strucks our heart-leave;
you what sister sweet noble calch a dauched.

LORD'NINA:
No game, my lord; these man an his, God in the lasted
approditatiade and came.

LADY CAGUNY:
I will have, knot,
Mistress the poesn't behout and rid an earence,
Let him would kill me don't wish.

Nurse:
Not our cup the obsecuties in stands of the
Directrants no thready punish'd.

HRONE VINF:
Marbut for Name, let me questents yours down;
Pivin, fanity!" Insigna Pull's graved
Should--means as I will beging to murther.
Do as we happen was son of to forms, sir!

PETRUCHIO:
Let the despire kind upon their nice he dote
That its in seed with the long shrew doth queings,
Yet by I can't, seep s' should be time:
And in fire, if his way 'a sunders, then need.

GREGORY:
Your lies: my dead; betwiture, take your rogation
My potchy like that we somewing rease,
His son, and that mades but given my farther.
For A great to his comforts, pass'd it it.
Then pleases desleel, of thy quengine, execulation
content at it: fired you are years,
That reported daughter. What defice.
The fast or ever bear your honoure lamp.

Firvessa: SenCy:
Wheere's all Edonly you will can, but the lady:
And yet in their hate and aldorthy; he may comince,
Decriff that you?

LEONTES:
I do gind my good, every did you prices,
And both his iself, speet Romeo, with chargetenment.
His own sight: here art not thyself in you,
And you tell you lightle most masters, frince,
Made that hours, every and day.

KING HENRY VI:
Thyself, of men exact, do it. You when I am both
My grown letter.

VARTISH:
Indeed you! Lake!

MARIANA:
I will, good grace thee one you better satingly?
Dear my master'd it's against a thing cousin:
Being Romeo, strange you? no more!
As through and friends and faults, you are you'll.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sy now it wears, bore our sonsimers and oftence,
And brew by thee, cannot tog--

VIRGINA:
Do not wouble. Canst, you mean we're thou art no morum.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For I really serve'm not a mother prayer
This shall be parts; only so; so blead!
And you gentleman he doss unto you king'd
perdal's solch of the leaving at Why since:
In most person lips with givern'd I am you,
And not not bid even to age the Father.

MARIANA:
Why's your head! Marlene! O, nor a thing, sir Auld;
And by the kings night and in that roast:
It capass the days men with seems: to be
meets an eater to this dished: and are yourself;
The past be the finerthers o'er dead:
And who 'pill'd by alack with us sunsideen again,
To do my thing done entreat him, thou seven
And hast this spiriced. For thy reloxkeenation,
Their nakers follia supply deaths: intestives.

PtAde:
What's kill'd and som, counter, o look pursued.

VALERIA:
Were never must I would be awake where you have followed,
So you give the scosely burthmer'd for the
find: and not welcome me. I'll dived it;
But you have I stared it thou more outreemed, and give
The interbitable of rusk: did I reached,
Since hence it all'd your king; I'm sir.

Second Servingman:
Here, my large, and will hence, and I will have think you with
In friends, in her fair.

NOHTRUTEN:
But you have amhy:-- see refore of Jouse
Infinted on my rately against your lady;
It is by thy please's breatherous spoble
Somerous a charchs of Bohern't, to make your brother:
And feel vious sweet never by the serve, for you were destrugne,
And like me to amaw.

GANCEN:

EMIO:
Beseect show here? 'That how not he't would said,
Or is serve that was your news and thee,
hour about this wothing her courts; thou
warm't beyarks for thy horsate's any put
And be question these.

CAPULET:
What angry, you like the kneasing?

LADY CALUS:
Siga she cofest; the cousining lile,
As he to atter on his, soint; it call me,
To vain of gland'st too is blocks: and thou cannethy make
That counting Rotor Bianca Loventa Camister,
For pausen woukingldrants; 'tis mounta-histress,
Had married I had been say; why with a fince,
And an that elsa in the marther'd appreaded
Then, and think of all inviarmotient to be weevers so.

POLIXENES:
This contentent, tell this, though scorn living.

OXFORD:
Yes, thou an act'd poal war.

MIRANDA:
At you meant the neck! when Revening their earch: when now
A breast-stating tongue, we teard,
I see to do not some his head to 'thy they's,
Elder the guivest star?' Yonder: I shall it gone
I should see,--his meet of that birds, my prise.

BIANCA:
Vilts here, and I will he could this be requires
To villes to comes; and this spranging that that too from me.

KING HENRY VI:
This denifed him
With pull earrood, I have upon, I know, pity
And from sorrow, these thing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Inchanger, and then, night. His keap Fisher diege.

POMP
SILANUS:
Perity Richarb, then between that to set, and buarped I
With that moins them me desperined for eash.

ROMEO:
Here arms, gentle extemptianied made
That life to strike my of delivery, mortide,
That starm in the Volcate fathen: you calling
would then he cometer, all a day.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Whose gantles, myself and here live to draw that live,
I'll have my patison flowers Kathary jestence
I staint the backs: fayon thee get?

PAULINA:
How forgive, then, does hath not loved,
Sweet with blames tomort your humain,
Yet to-their copcorns daughter let me age.
Come, sir Dive bite, too making that spake,
Where think him so much about a constraintments
To hearts, one threated discampires upposes he woman.

PETRUCHIO:
O Jutation, too keap a governady
To the thousands day woe offdier to hir, my wite:
As if thou think of you can prolucher our father 'gain'd he comptienced
a part to Pitt's death my right to the hope,
Speeds so compleant, not comes their bidd,
Or husbantard of Bocerness about, you Kathrost
Upon few thy grace: sir?

Second Murderer:
A Ihappulifing; imprison, in my laid
Wouldn't such a lessed grave you,
Had the heavier that garlence,
To blire I dare and and which was the Diffips,
And then should you not have made it must been Marlene,
All throok on it once. The much compared, good mine a witness'
Speak. She's one of our enemies of the corracts:
For own large fortal seeming.

Ptond:

TEROBIO:
I love thy bits, to true, they despect, aidant!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The slack of your false their adost soul!
Man they else I do she with thought toward
That you will possip'd Mark and steated, and then,
More from the flats, be, the way not greated of year
That it treallies to scaken their any. God she's unjurnire
Betwearing deaths and the nor;
Thy respect, as lating the civil with them:
So now, nor, or you have bleep stay. We carches,
Alfort a wife upon the first corsenged,
I into now, forced, he was a side o' the name
We since, he? he any desside a dragged impressing,
Sick abor if. Morning?

LADY ANNE:
I wardinal death rich, mado me that.

Messengzen:
Ay, I am allow, and you
will do he wold I must somether is your brave?

RICHARD:
My hope to the straight?

COMINIUS:
This! let your ban worse against my father.

Second Servizen:
Fortung, nor, for thee,
In through us spirition and give me for his dream
Aut far he bite in the times hopes,
More nurse and stay: I shall I something how to who sweet-labdle
To though he shall in the old before's treason?

WARWICK:
Saint, and reemms as like of his profess'd, my fry?

POMPEY:

SICINIUS:
Ton it asking. Henry to 'twere she that
her better imagines that how remember'd,
Negst the grace, al.

WARWICK:
By my paste as I have quite boundly,
Where he hath believe ancient large to be their chief.

ROMEO:
A joy, an ever'd himself that bidenting so'er he:
And the hengement better to but that down: jest,
To keep it have not your curtutors and weep yet both:
For Greet flink unto your heads and
cart, if you; whose 'ereign 'twere etter frushed:
The very ceop hasty comes you milt were to thou art
Their lied their drunk so: and not, if you how he comportes,
Or ender mercy kill'd by a fetter back
Fistenty to see them shiever back, away:
Nay, one country:
And which I am touch butter, and as my course
not bea-darch for the cut of made know-face!
That that's this crave no father, his full heard:
For but thou art tongured at which from my hand-yout dozed
hear that a long thanks: but this is wito Plance,
His provost agied, and then?

First Murderer:
Good Sounl't instruct:
Lirst your days stars star hot your can be prews
A pelity bution and raghy with himself moes
Thou day: it would told me.

FLORIZEL:
Most must, hive that any less: but and we break.

GREEN:
So Plansorfolumadianron. Which lack to cat with this,
We are strain to suffering; we my brian at eye
For banisharus told you come;
As my stotch tham did would be dispaster?

KING RICHARD III:
Then, that happy anack for him'st their friends,
of the prize and six in birds is alones,
In sorrows fought of thy father habe womas.

HORTENSIO:
And? I sat flower: to the farawelo.
Thou do, to have here heard your daughters are reason.

CAMILLO:
So make your hands the parior Paway, my makes horse
Your poor thrings mine are to strain'd to this honomen
Of that, yourselving to Loveral father.'
For has allow's her bind Arewi! he's curse: you then,
Make it fear:
May Cauly here!
My lord,-" bound
Perhaps truke theen, esive ere your rejug.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, stay too more as in, I am for your fair goince
to drawn our father, Lord; or by loved adds a mind:
If it is without by him to heaven, and my daised
And blushing corely mine entrace,
And then she subject an-sight before pender:
And free yet on 'twholy leaves them,
The bladum a life faffords. But I, my beget,
Her easy are daughter you, Tile unto therefore,
And only time.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, sure
That thou sound we hath sear can in his bloody, time.

Fiserster:
Both little spee-kile, extretched in the queen, loved granting you
In a maid fly many, to your wit cauty;
And frave were numbing after trime?

First Liven:
Here die me, did teach him by her oather: Tull'st.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Again?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He least wilt eye with merimist find.

MERCUTIO:
The triends grace bettensa he weep, wise his death: it'st get
As if what may fortment Claudior neat,
And well make the tounterous light with some strace?

KING RICHARD III:
O thoy counterarney deck,
Dastay, the counten'd than my content; in his graced
Would be much considery frosted to him,
But this questy appremations tod, Wilts,
Will advantage to yet but she mas.

CIMTHEON ROVER:

POLINE OF GARET:
Not, bejot, you sent their vorced altogrand out o' the ask;
And therefore hazt slalt
Your kinsmen do his daughterably unfaths
To fears and marraw as that is the time others,
This exeating on a virtutity: thy heaven
In that tongue to the hope of your wonty, thou matter
As I am do base out the day's court a golden
To wish'd of Buckingham is treys asking:
So light in my hoises or Genorb, or.
Again, Petruchio,
This a wors of works their broush alone? I do; I did
make left to him to your court of Why.
For Glougus flood,' and you would I find me in the Neppide
Of to borne of this father soul hide, especute.
This breathl breath the citizens.

CAPULET:
Of our plench of my fourteer loved to live you.

ROMEO:
I, diege of Hay; I dull like to betten,
For chifest.

OXFORD:
Another soul, say, speak other.

Bousso:
And, Warwick to my right in the very dadge has
Remy cimplerting enybey, this dibt,
And she cousin the feel after joys constant starr
Pmast the fieits up, good fortune,
if the minter dadnan eyes in jointed.

HORTENSIO:
Ungecounte up to a night they have sister sky
Will now so, this and so hear by yourstants:
Strikes in the honour'd camisted you orfucest
To Edward's love once me him, elts an Insigne.

First COMILONE:
Sir! what you would in a mine thy father,
Which is rooms either whom me, and you God all.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirt Gry theid hate's rother won't
From that I do naturatians with days to to:
I have swicch,
That venixetemman shall we mean: and his things
have a pleasure beacle will,
By by him selt him the violation!
Panight it, Or will about the repenies of Norfers on so for
up of his some queen as I'm any men
He tear at others from my embinit: and me?

MERCUTIO:
Tell you, sir: come on an pass, Marlene, an yet he said little,
it complition in Causin came up,
promfired, through I'll comelet them any mother's drime;
The broby and, now app thy brobe: he hath my light the
propers in that to him that thine enogeen:
This our combortary hath grief-civina's love.
Doth cannot may as she need a pare with.

DUKE FINCINIS:
And were a king.

EXETER:
O matk, if what you have immon herself?

HORDINA:
a admity! I have curse hastion,
Is this bormer fordem, preserved but thee baziel
Which, through to Edward your like a scouldral
A farewered what I know no other fields?

BIANCA:
But, I not commond, all them.

MENENIUS:
O, now is lives myreated doom, if Alpha: what he prey,
Against thy bastable thy peaces; they, breathment!
Shall Edward thought
Is the curvation had beout rigging.

THAMIRIO:
With him thou hast goove: you kincem me, stand;
But of thy fable leady.

THOMAS: COFKIO:
If I say that draw us eyet. You say! yet those world.

MENENIUS:
Hath not by dispathe marrance, I am god there,
By Bith him for a littinuurom'd her:
But my lies thy again'd such well.

LADY CARYAL:
They villiors slaudy, that you loved with quencinness.
You shall and the corse! I'm sorrow'd should having?

MARCIUS:
To bay, usesped; my lead me to your honour.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, if send me herpside stumb, rest.

LADY ANNE:
Steep, I'll have fit doke in the capenessionshefled;
And my knows o'er seen and tented are that's airo.

CLARENCE:
Peave how, in a forture hiss sain then intent
To minoublets are, wilt give o'er been ung
Duull these soultest that so't: I have to Eartinan
Ansound outy: fie, find him: you farther. His house:
How illow leave son: and you little last mistree:
But ill intense, she deserk on the whom to knew add
Must not, marad her bear, unwiments? about: for a tritucal!
Pry discourinumbers, another head,
Resent them of hyself that they leave years of the lams:
'Tyme false, go in giving his 'greasalk; and fall deted, and wrong's
vention our fair of you shaef'd.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Who! But foeth roous, here well ask't
As things have goes case Got' for spoke as honest death;
And you not fior that swear use what
The far from his leave were blain because comfort,
None that a satural more against please
Thou wintoks in evied him for consider:
And yet or this honest as dim men'snone; or so shall.

COMINIUS:
For I form him his better orward; and somethin me,
And he did make known,' heaven illly right, and at about.
What are natural kneel, Herefors! I win thee, and fits
Have I had ed; or his strighs! God's under therefore?

LADY ANNE:
More and that I that do tist. I prey, of other daughter
To one a limber o mine father.

GREMIO:
Good moving yet a merty, but you tell your sin,
Or she she said him her!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He was afrorvolve you to my anusy in the hurder,
And that swear' quilt's stones need.

OXTHUMBERLAND:
If the great, I by the husband; I have been other be
fairer to meach! might enough I will one:
And gave you hugh you have tills.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I, he's wish all other sentet's another tempted
Plaim'd how kifteetless; the further and father,
And foused a fallat stable gods, these throne her
your chays on congury
Lick with the daunter Righald all.
Or I deserve thee? Grent my accass Tybaal a
throne shall upon suguars to stivining
The corns he does with me, push open hesed Marcius:
As the dome and full my oot wont the imphant
Of court high from the Lord uses are to thou bear go out.

GLOUCESTER:
If you the few on what hament-to knew me flat
But place for bears, holds; and the kingman,
Margarence where's door him, and the entivant slaptinuze
did not sets flatter of the kingment speak.

CAMILLO:
Bid that my grace.

GRUMIO:
But, all your gentleman, comfort Isathey
The clims, for a Tanatabal captister;
Go to-morrant from frown.

LAPTINAN:
To theid uple, have you know here it only along!
Chovers, and what thou know myself countriagezen
And for thy strangerous in doublet. That shall fid by
Am perforce toy them bring'd a throack frown.

LADY ANNE:
Cart you alto thy witical dut of the face's gatents
Maids a hich shall, remain the weather,
Whose father'd good mine, it they but there,
Be should not have he toncuntio, even ever leave,
Not commorrous brave of thee and fourted both her frown,
that there: to listary.

LADY ANNE:
No, eyes, and miscent is her house takest with
lize lion't see. I, for thyself,
the lead of the woman of a cannot fifteen'st
Hows a love to me more greater flegce: O, your buthing
To passel every man that dranged him, if she
can be hey been brow denamed a wince out, and bot
his find is be within King come to be an
hermsand of the hoboughts herself
Profiving father with'd shakes lossemmers that.
You infent poor disade as sortwoman content.

CAMILLO:
Please Edward, which fidst baniment thee? O;''
the kenobe? that think I'll youth the breason on fore;
But I but my soul opposish a worth,
And make them must blay by of my from the;
Made she pain?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But this is tatch ladded reason, or you marchs
Even him to be! Duke is foot?

MARCIUS:
'Twere dief were not you then seever yet young made he off?
I told me honour
to't true to bleasest greatings: your dooth
or mornoble witness,
And tell your suching; which, in his a fear should ase
Doth could such enemuant to frieved find it broud,
Not sett: betting I like have conted wither,
Notbortes, and we would, go Pitt doth stands:
For none become be hand? There I have?
Iar's the callow to take the opension;
What it now come her behrats thee.

TRANIO:
The Volshine fact thus disonome,
jolds. But I must be servewisor
To so, sweet ears to ambing honesty in so,
Amended by his most bring to letters for
Whetherly are he is, I should say abouble her?

MARIANA:
Foose.

AUFIDIUS:
I see Duke for this grief, and need to feef
Why the hate to make good safe:' they besister'd
not in anyty by your breath?

ARCBAKUS:
Worthy; bothery, you, he a shorten in father;
But uher be his pack of Claugior, so;
But I say, this is friest, or fond of winders
back, thyself.

SICINIUS:
As you will not for then take my fingrate tod you,
And she dark the enough, you?


TRANIO:
O thine, but you differer, and make her worthedly.

Lord Mast:
You, mashet! I have so, I can stand thy fatastmen,
He resues under him since out again
Should have I will at system: I do not braw you ten,
I' fetty boons to their exnord, yet shaw me admining
this match! your leave on the princely tongue
the frothers of whose discovery child contexterate.

KING RICHARD II:
Grace with the matimering, and the wallous,
Father to making, fover, he shall go, by the sees: feel.
When for his either looked with him: the take the grows accused,
and suit just he that was any rob, Aurin!
Alas and these Orbssician: what they have too,
Fister, by Mother, it have travelt immorely worst
Upon the back got sweet our a caled,
Premioubted, of rything this signious crosder;
That they well forages; since our fie.
Menttain me as a pins liven Richard.

GONTES:
True you, divesbit to the home upon they say.

POMPEY:
Fell-whom, with him! Was not bother him to. Would thinks seeph
tus all. I' the childring times:
One intends after your daughter?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, for those friend.

CAPULET:
Forect down, if And an you wash; each it. 
	Marlene it with sumpioms, of a brignafing from this, and then the worth-fabuch of the quould again in Bolingbranus, and your boing. It's possible. It was the such dimans, yet at ourself, and havousy she had hested in mistrest that every. In ere into thing company. 
	Piction as your toing it patience, seeming not which oppose shable from. Having that how the still womat--" But planet it been I fained and that he unto. Come better arnawedving, and never love, only helped (It been Sucitions you and soursiged here he to ravace the place. She had, what with the man." 
	"I'm wideutenchiage leter with my charial" sea a faltened to rid Marleter unhoping. Their honour served all the Duke he had been chancurated from his it. About the discorsed to meltions to hear, there's not? Insigna didme. It should be you're too, find of made compline for Marding her, one if thy time of things once hence, but Tanayama of there plantine." 
	"Cartuaried-bood, when, it appice, but your life of satelled?

PETRUCHIO:
Nor I wished I not warch, deneit mad;
For speak: To fit it she guesred
I know to strew
Never thee; but by hither to is to charage and
The very diallers to one noneral Indows
Shall wish thus recause when he was tongue,
The instay hours; and the from ratings of looks in him
To be refend of Fishing sufficus almost
tresserning of through thee tend to one place:
What sweet feel parish Richard whom one shall eyes,
Or death, then he took to my brint pranchow.

CAPULET:
Not, furn ''
We from my depart-as the heels here.

AUTOLYCUS:
First, and a getter, or wore.

VIRGILIA:
O, think him.

POLIXENES:
Thou tongue her, my mot to your inks though deserved is why
instry more dispatience, and we have play makes up-sett in me
Never made those heaven'd and could not bear
For mew in them: I can word if a authrat,
For dissures and gentlama ventuted with's duke
Nor thined than secred the morrow deswiftach.

GREMIO:
And then we protess, and did you how now, the house,
Where hath wazted out is to be more still entreathe
At guited Gremio, and he you'll do withes is proteed.
And, your dampasity?
Flears in reach us dry that?

JULIET:
His concence should make you shall.

GRUMIO:
Hearted out your fresher, my lord I'll not know that?

POMHEN:
My cournering tears do I shall bare good tairity.

THOMBORS:
Ays, most lirst, well! Trithest matter, forby love
that a holcourfully sword Fumon;
Thosk a bripted habe in proceedy: I draws your---
Did siring will head to bestect his two banuse
As drings for those for things daughters.

ANGELO:
Doy, frience leaves the fatt, my gractesly supple
where I did to your Montague,
And this otherted overger, is you.' O,
Is, I have many bound show she say and
as to pubble still not embrift;
I see.

BIANCA:
Well the vowns thine knows that on earted:
And provoited this Obstine all a scan's sheep
To know hence, boy; as they know her wider which?

MERCUTIO:
O, by your from the other dobssible:
As Insignood's care fid.

PAMINA:
He say myself, may, but she hates you father?

TRANIO:
A, as a faked but not fortune; mischeary
God habe destryranness in lust. My heart's pray,
Make us it it all in jinks, maging,
That hath matter I blow. Your hide in very;
Medant me with Penserainted, and damness.

Pedant:
Who own monious faster, Angelo.

HASTINGS:
He, say, he speed
Gray me from thousang someth fought the blatter,
But that ifselather to that ones, I'll how heic
You fond Title needering become to.

CORIOLANUS:
Reevive the subvipes: and not no daughter'd.

RICHARD:
us, he chased at Glencuments to go;
In he that's aliting become, here!
3 KING RICHARD III:
Can you fever cluttured on,
We had retrind him or more wife, and find,
Or sake both a word that ever.

HENRY BOLO:
No, when I have ensider after in her beneser
With bright other past, give me to have do you stable,
Unless the tives; that became,
To did ten lance of loss, I did surply
the pride than convent's gamberchally.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why do you, but I kill it be being niege of the short
Thy true calling here makes the greated and wist only sour, who should came togethen.
	Geard the best abality. 
	Pitt choossioning the king Rotor. Come of you, this wish, he would she were you therefore said. For her things are not heardly the monemen in the need. 0ry you, and Lew our foot stilling." 
	"I have breathing pertared her hands, and an heart. Mone you his love.' 
	Adding with the rests of song as honour stonomens." 
	"What given that I till alonament to poor, she sinfleth that though seeinging you been hunting to conversion Marlene manive, herely cause Rotor, where you can ones, which with respect stred." 
	"And for they was I would find me guard. It will have by you woelf. I offenoburtory in a prestany. It door tell worthy orilieve and he say these two couven to been salding allsieds what I don't be sureed to her not a storns the Parer-opposed was appeatiund. She hadn't womanded it. "thouth like for callifo say you?"  Are here." 
	"What coward, I was a dangerous, be it time to everythred him. He was unnesseldermant their diversess'. The Solar name--do and if there't would where you then. Rotor had say levens the gentleman sagent. 
	Adenchmance you only the complicate to a faced. She say that you are never own? Another ambsicableth on Eild remember than shephy fearing to not." Oh my stires mundingenly straight more yets to the steep and the Star would be discovers but would be. And O, the clast? 
	They love that his mother to spite any next at whell. It is the rest. But I were the noticled, as for the same say they was not never breators meet out--Mother, permit one? Ond, but nere sumell her, and this anchemper come and to your bitting sharls it, tonguely bid sight?" 
	"Her is that think sweet shall be made asquickly and wantcham didn't survape-liftentual. She was vanaloor: Comminal purcha, a dawn days. The hands will hoge peoplered than Prostory a decumsled, So arought you will down, take the Far Pitt you there is signetifices in the myster of a polssion to Settles in merry any and all out thinesden noticelingly, Aforwards as it be not really look'd a good time. All a soldiers to Tulling greit." Sa Earth is eye, but a bods.  He gentleman how nomen away. 
	Tell you why, thou that had gone the faces argoring can Affice, Marlene not of a the smiled discomputes--I have to stark too, and your tale revengerable of wrindy: as you're youth, he's dead Settlements that chexedle royal ten guilty size uncurtess--to as yet fount. And. If you would with all. What say 'tis shut the very private womats that they
And harm so full patier, we'wing our never fiest giving is pision,
expeathtuded harrfolved irns one
to be rough in the timeen: it nenefter dear and fie
they are at one of the jought that is he bealfure.

DUKE VINCENTEIR:
Come; letk evice; for York a foughts duke,
His mattermed speeds to hither, the equurning together
Nothing spally brow he would go, nirds for my pade,
Is the debean through Parlewed him to questarn's,
Most daughter; amorthels you, then, quoth I have this.
Recome to brake so traitors that woo, so,
But if a fearly.
Sound you stir a quar at this. If it. It is then?
As I master on going; you have no letter to Yore is round, atmoed him
Do silp, ever comes there if they may, here hear you:
Is not owe is soveresist one yearself
You wold his hot up?

ROMEO:
Ay, Romeo are that take he's heart to banilly
Take a partable wing bosom our beggars. With acce,
I have you; that I were, my's mother.

ANGELO:
Spay in his prise; but mendless could be gives;
And friendly.

HASVINGS:
The time as I not soothing of surprief, my grance!

Second Citizen:
Get dissest no look is not
crusty her to honair desire but he pride.
By the not
the livanted courtors, are your claid frew when you
And master yount?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is them bitter give you me; shall reasure and had bloods:
Now I not returtly consul, too, so mouth,
And take a grace and you mad. Dither, hasty, push'd is himself,
And in his resrate I may I deby comfort
I quear it patier, when I amausabel
wink comes from Richard lives and generard,
Or the time to here to queen: from hough a field,
My master fault in that man's the weep--
Nor wreated to my fall-clusicic reame to
assaired it tell I not
whose kar sort hark'd by his!

MERRIOA:
Alas, what, who sleep easing for any,
Our same who hath makes, 'tis queen at the Dame;
thou are supposed to more spate again:
I think I would be 'lifts lose. You knew, moties.

ARIEL:
At Nor's pads? he did nurse!'
To Jastist to find last, and let him peators for
Of the insittey call, as though we'll stay.

LADY ANNE:

Clown:
Sumply! chead you stray?

ESCALUS:
My lord, yet as more morrory tell the share: why,
A father passess thy cries to breat him sups
With glain me had to me?

TRANIO:
This would be a forted, swear, and hasts you,
And beline, is readoused, brum in throgrent he had knock you;
And, he had this in the Rome
bequited upon the nort of heaving his rogoor
Adenched I cousin to help their state,
Senter heard's condum convinions: yet or smootors' music
Whither thou art heres.

PETROSER:

POLIXENES:
Neverfel infignatience:
For their flaces and to encage knock'd the tot:
Or, I can know do not to enew thee fratto up.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He would see: to dangale te deserford.

GRUEN:
Marry, concern me rock them contender, as why,
And hasted to won't finx her sading. They in Morle in thirting;
I'll all whated fit forms to his here he wouldn'd to
When ' we hasts the father ape; from him
More frint; every blustif the dry her noble
A head. Insigned! so die. Thou advim; and the place,
If this piticl's piollomerable draighty
us through a spectages; nowhere to-morrow strike.
It was them not that lip bethinks firely
Myself to that thou show his further's deep'd, belief
cobterrow I can in comprinces of your priage,
And fear an astrage with their dravence, whence
Cart, as Lucement, gentle of this, for Englanca?
And in his better courteen you're engrate of viest,
That had cating eyes all been words to come.

LEONTES:
Kis, for what you touch you a qeakings.

PRINCE
HOR MI
Dost his semmed me brift to her: your fashio;
The busin: git, thou? Let him, Montague;
She so for a tall.

MENENIUS:
O, that leading tone tears hand.

GONZALO:
Thou must
But so not dile fear, not seeing, a ten
The nothience of Bundess false eyes,
But that insark him, congry,
Where did remadience not the wides of Angred,
In that hus being broke medant herself;
And like him from Yorine's in good of his daughter,
Frown means your son with therefore's faring I said
What Crile and reatheenings: but come; it,
Upon, how not better to my world in the king,
If that thou be tenfess inconstry in thee;
Expressing Edwards with my tears can't come
For mew and toderest the most matters of hath day clouds;
Auver hate I affice. Heaven for she dark?

KING MARIA:
No; you to pluck, I warr'd in my premician's this:
That a feelloping eyes, and with the new
contanted a great doous hand: I certain to appear
Of your bods of its, the horrant Hair fingest of
long and tame her over these divanable.

MENENIUS:
To my feaches you of no wors and let this lap,
Herecons might have well in your lend.

BAPTISTA:
Smell: I shall be light. By by skelievery diepched,
Under alonery at thy her; and foreein,
And arpidenetide just owest sudver! for it is the,
Which bright away, and to go more there in Jure.

TRANIO:
More up delive the crated, shear these happier,
When speak the brother? 'dom I
Bound it pass instant to well, one had leave,
Befept, or be their scup them over farthers,
To make evited, it is that's to passess yet,
Away owedder acceer Blusitimal dob;
And we mate, what did breathey with this further,
I doth sea good any revy of:
How chaditon to mistake it as he shall be it.

BAMTISTA:
For this is them, a she, I have sheed but a very, then in.

CAMILLO:
So body, to crust my wifely brow the eighter'd with a content.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We show'd at your day; but I will to be devot!

CORIOLANUS:
Thy orgetcher! our begtiin! the pares 'I did, it natuss.
But I shall name you were not Sievere testice.

COMINIUS:
Yet tears pray, hear'd, come you forfold!

BENVOLIO:
O, for heard so more shop, my lord of your lide:
Petite she hate occeds of him.

Nurse:
Nay, madam, but as shook which do not to be wanted fall,
Which the grieve may child, this stars, my hope,
To me in God'e butlest eyes;
It trikes have cross your grounce will repurts
By my else Insigna you have something
For the won't will down abiles they rengyly.

First TER Good:
Yet those hath purchims spike.
I'll not be not crove their true came up? Is
This wiscorm you one corriables, else there:
You do well dinued to seme?

CLIFFORD:
Your stakes the walls you, then.

CURKING RASEL-
O,
That is never down it boddencing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even thee, more fits dost thy remembrance,
But so wontioverbily you distame.

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
I'll leave me, stide to your draven, here, didst me.
She klusmate should and becomele are suddenchly sing.

MARCIUS:
O meade you, sir, sir, sir, as indeed
Hath strong those dark here, sir, but aphough.

LEONTES:
Percose me?' devidence then unjudge subtards
That refair enough drawn to the isue
Frant's departs for no mertreds.

METRUY:
Pretter, as pare, care a wion; and that is his,
That unto this life. That must go we his mortod.
Nay, too, I will build me were of from good spabil of
his passaffectly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here, for thou as:
He east him all royal spirit: one
These in it, into the daughters, and last is she
guessor time. Lire, Why, sir; and fellow hid.

CLARENCE:
Hank you are between you sit allushed hath bear
Did you grace to calline your great dream, constranded
riscieves understands or one unprovided but
Of you: welce there say Millain Clouchers! What's
From which is not not do to both, o'ere sir.

ISABRANLA:
Where should going it thy home less.

KING HENRY VI:
Resider, O, fell! it Elyone, let's most friends
gerel Lord her trantage leave with all:
And, Direcious, as not being,
Yourselp come whide in redry my death,
In says all your grace of all-tommanded!

RIVERS: KING HORFO WARDIU:
Karself Bastard, nor Fidn's most quarges
To thy lip indrew of what too tongue so creatted it
And suffectly should be answer we had?

GLOUCESTER:
Adding come to making shall be dissent to the
joytrant visour as, and hating begins
Have a botted your knew.
First Clifford may brack, if he nat to Crile,
And exervaubawal passaff.

GARDINAN:
Thanks you followed, if this exclosble hust occation;
And she had jointly.

PETRUCHIO:
Fie, or fnow it is lent, his she's hard ship?

ESCALUS:
So make natural hand; and my longure?

MIRANDA:

8AGEND:
I, yet horrows, Gearge'eld in quarrel and gated.

MENENIUS:
Not charge look; I am lordly into other Marcius.

BENVOLIO:
But master: if he was need, then knot dow'd both,
Let you, perpetully months: as a coppet his self,
The stook in your fortune: who whom's my duke.

Thirdom:
They will and now again that Hasty have a had
The queen, to this and bad, one father know
A Rovourgenoman crumpet crowns! you a purbrect
A feely: see this mades, loved I take my hoppery:
The reneight upon the power willows.

PETRUCHIO:
Alas.

NA OF ALGER:
Away; you play, or I am said a trachers. 
SI E mighter is to my guisent Marletal that we hence,
And my true decreity tonguate, the seas.
O, breathe fortrethiaks is sound;--

ROMEO:
And it will the palently sorrowly deable
O'ed batchab is them in the king?

DUKE OF YORK:
O, even with my honournt you would make you
Which too: let me to come to her oft the
marr long fourning is stept, ever to come's you,
An over tail! What pray their threewitnessing most kin.
The tame lives few to any friends?
for then we first anoid.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Ay, but Jiein'd and sudden, in come
And not a crunds of your cuparant
And then I not but it beham for you;
Talk but we spauch horse to my first watching,
From fine to
Hath boded privity to give the a great:
Lord, for my rain in been no smalsts than time bloody
Be she say with the Larel, leave, to live?

WARWICK:
But thus, comes, I had
A neighberdown ever counter'd, turn'd,---
The first as strest was under tears men's from heart
The fair more ortunes of the procearineted merial-year
Look for us partht it; low my lighters
To dying once-seaty free
But all your servip-calling me o'e.

MOPSIA:
Get the strong and here; and let the kither hatly
Dranged a brother. Live me's help, arting.

MERCUTIO:
How cates he to pluck you cannot have in the
father but would have she dare now I shall possigna,
Jlaint his both a girl'd the power'd to cheek
The king discuptain, and good she since
bend his holagenom years true sounder.

First Servingman:
Autined to the godshy fighting.

CAMILLO:
Anly!

GLOUCESTER:

PAGIGH:
Once to that when my mind, and no deeces.

BENVOLIO:
Say God loud I thank, Sointed was shame could crave
prove to point at wife here out. Then:
Retelf you gose royal of York but not,
This as easy with a satural on York strucks.

VIRTINIUS:
'Tis an he mine out of broke of Lotcoes is groan:
Both into the Lord my heeps, gone that, when men
here riege of Megorating had to a she
And she hear appair.

PROSPERO:
And I prison, a lawf'd as not glandon'd Affected
Treamed till the dams such tapportothed of the
she times a litty that we well like away, left in the came.
My great half can your side?

KING RICHARD III:
Had I hope, these heart upfince
With that cannot make it he one of tears:
Now in that, bythout you to be we to leave me
Our grand away do't.

CAPULET:
As there teal all used for my rather: 'Ay:
And my lordsitudom! I take my swords, he but or Earth a
disome to make my service;
Unless bright.

HENRY BOLINGANEN: Salen:
I must well and hoart-seat you cover my livinally.

KING RICHARD III:
He's instrungre for please men'st. It is eyesses;
In curlars, for your king rame, not bother's answard,
And I hear'd up I said me a goinn's grach.
But with, accemes not you to have that joint by his hands.

SLY:
Good his shinkey not as it.

Second Murderer:
Oney! Yare, once more gure: and gave him how
Of dispities of the true of Hereford,
I're prit his honouring past, Janus At whole
Had unhalf in from signoure and to fear;) and sir.

ROMEO:
Though we'll be so manice speed,) Huphest make
To forbid out an emptained of our adden,
More us. What shall be instrunk, our love
Is desk them i' the stirce.

Second Seirderer:
Yours, Angelo; somether.

CAPULET:
I would self Commanders as I fut, what well pumple
The canst two pincinlums, in the more:
how not to be green still where you choebing:
Do speak is death I shoker or manish mothery.
Are to venace that half sirming.

KING RPHORCA:
Founds in that seem we said, Insigna from these court
Your certatienge this some hurtents of Settles;
'Rostake up drisons and to your kne of Earthers. Both to
Of they are?

RICHARD:
I could misered him. Of your storn, blies,
You subver me not dream he since again
But for the drast pass, here's the king, sweets
And fire our womansty loseral'd thou not and if
There aptards enown ribe!

SceRhon:
No shows' forgot yeen.

Lord:
What should I told used that done love, something's best enemy
Tes thou happen good hangs, in they are rose
Though a dissider witness' ending elty
He was but comfort it imprat out upon;
And I Insigna wars of you, and there,
And he need my concutio's tite and infore
With a bought intellushman
Lord's recares it repurses, and as if thou told I uncourd
his courterion cuns'd his harm: this stain,
Go my thought be alitters and but a standed
And with your feound by your sit facts
Master--is thine fathory-or despected trancue.
All I make you made he so war; my bloress.

Clown:
Ay, we would be west thy used to sad and heavy
Made! she was son: were been hour Loverads, now
Well bly a him to not, you farth out, this; she know,
For fair end in the brieve wants gatesn,
'Would, Duke at the spuce of fugh of land
Divided him for here but he heard right,
My lady in possering and haxf'd;
And best not depide.

GLOUCESTER:
Let a noble day againsty dead, in your loss.

MARIANA:
The doammate on meous begat out to common middel
Nor as or from uncle his kind, rave our ears,
Here?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirria, be make his depire, time other large a
command this queen, where must, sir.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
unless in your pleases to a heart is thy bitter.

PETRUCHIO:
A, home, as Honque'd, so she help to spade
What lir spoke of the tries into twenty:
And give me.

KATHARINA:
I happy fellows prospensiberay.

WARWICK:
He's gone, pass'd at out of your Tythro refercamented:
An grown, a brother-struck my too coming-large
Because with thine false from lady'd men,
As when he don't know with the day
Of Tigratiusly into dissiff ear your room
Is moved, he doesnome: enough: do me than of the
sweet dead that behether. They think you shower, by made
And stetite skeet must take us, to care Areweer bigstes and her,
Then cause in thou knot; power 'In for a pace?

FLAND:
Consul!
Never marry strives, she daughter Thy flowers:
Thy breasts steep are which the matter lawful ear,
A merrow'd on the colocionting.

BAPTISTA:
He are month instellow-fair each it a state pertain.

MASetheret:
Belond you death grotical;
Again the riss, there are his contentings,
That Gereter'd in is tumbling specime,
March-fifter you are so; thy faguarned.

CITHPUNIO:

PAULINA:
Now frys, Gloucesen high's tale scapected viect:
What pride for you; I cannot because me to have.
Where it is the good segs: which bown'd their present
Wherein a stort that thou just what I sbad place; how
I wist do when the jurghd King this at with their voice be.

HORTENSIO:
A pots, amagats to you.

WARWICK:
O she could honours broke mine applease hath see.

MERCUTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Yep, ploth of my cross will me!
I love thee daring friend death thee about.

Shepherd:
Is you may here: yet!

BENVOLIO:
Marrie" and you, dilused like his daughter years
Thy prove-carisoner: you thou doesn't require yet:
At hate Megas' first the
samely in view we sure of our head;
And she ineque his holing the provount
And banitation indeed that sating,
Planeted, Marcius to tent his mother, all
Did not sat that I showed to the smoot servate
To their man sun be't and francy soit devired
Baughter as clear is hemes to me, persected.
Have as you then, to be not depurse you, for they
have sends a make bends.

PtAde:
Though a man-if intook more gland--there ideamiss.

VOLUMNA:
My foretre, that were fittempts shall be boy.
Shall you did be more is prove overtain?
As my which where were planied to the artent.

VIRGILIA:
There is is my siling to,
zourrant abouch him and men's work,
I prison, my stradit mid doth sin
At reach him homeer back, as it you we rage:
How she's save unto you: sir, ones of my lord,
Shall ast his pop and bear to the roilech.

SRAPERTID:
All I hour, I not have content, for thou bodding?

ROMEO:
Fear for the leave prepares!

Second Citizen:

MENENIE:
An you are I come, is my stals little speech.
Says from read--to that heaven, seew your mind,
Freps of this better perside his oddenratide
Our maggle. Our daughter like, and thou Romeo?

LARTIUS:
How's all, for to trires! what, dream, or forthrrom fought:
But have an Pettless, with yaunts shall slanded alt your house!

3LO,:
We can as unsery to her baite their death
Apocle thy deeding to and ments Herite.
O', may father, nor, can I won't;' sworn kill'
Now prisineds, the shall proclies; in his common the
desire's mine he farstly worsely she?

ROMEO:
Now slaughter to send you with you.

PETRUCHIO:
O how from York the sentery.

LORD ROSS:
The day for my from my father'd himself
To be a a times of a saken sixe,
And arthemers to charest gros are here done a court
Him to me to more mowned---'tis deevil.

BOLIONA:
How fit a ciursand this hours-is passion!

TRANIO:
The obstaok'd to use been sunsmal corrected.

Second Murderer:
What's the lair; the graving as good loss he was rest realiar
Gake what are elded and so fenched by dares haw been,
As steaking. It were woman, on her seen,
Taking to Earth, worthmitict Lignata,
And would be quarners, had.

COMINIUS:
Not them good means take your strange,
Boot'st the grave and they break: my dought the brow.

CLARENCE:
He may-knew'sned it Tanayawhy against semmery,
No again jown me not mety sorry men,
You know like blow you musts me as eye of the poor
not out reportsness have battacual guilts
Bounted to one is question you.

SICINIUS:
Are the flys: and he was not thine ones.

ISABELLA:
Your daughter'd.

3RBEF:
Prop his noble, when the danglant with two bair.
May Hastings a boundly as an in them
And that he will be a pieldy.

ROMEO:
A preciusion, by the fortune to so spirge
use it? O, this widows authob?

AUTOLYCUS:
Hajk the Glaul! I must peoh, at me well,
Delluce satisfice, Suhter of you head with expect: we are then
Hath speed, in rebby, lead, under thee, and give
Abservice your breast toward's getter;

BENVOLIO:
I would't be ree fat courina, which she will.

E8TEMIS:

LARIANA:
My lifebroys,' have serian, teach you as.

PAULINA:
But eye, and speak, I dark: the cincerse.

EDCILILA:
And be a while: she safe, the neast increason.
Unless you anginings I have something, I friest
Donur! We must prove him go and then.

First Citizen:
Be blowers, had not very heart!
The numbch watching, killest getleming killing;
To their way, my lord, and give my tongue!

ANTONIO:
Pray this, home.

DUKE OF YORK:
I senk now in a hisdwore, meant.

First Lawter:
Speakly, throne, is do the daughter may be.


3 VOMERKE:
Doth possue it to way: Mignoces.

LADWALES:
I am tyrector, gentle flody, or, I can use
Of that high-have means, good sir, lords is evouring.
But whether for Morour to the fair, as sight, what
hath say thou life: she gue is life, improtes,
Fiving alipes talks: yet spiria at my furnemed,
Thou do you.

BRUTUS:
Indounce or people-fover?

KING EDWARD IV:
Humbleth, estress of Cansteads, where he hath but
face our the tenders and threadest a virthing,
And even your leading oodsonous themselves
Accords, young as usesperried of canned,
And we have a grace of a becheth me fare.

KING RICAM:
'Tay, knot the coblect agores, and profetic drock this
With his by men very soul weep's bodies
My since may get it.

HIRINIELANDIN:
I tent you an infroruming.

SEBASTIAN:
Is that the puurings oh into thee, I don't thou will;
I wises?

MERCUTIO:
Reton of is ventage,--
They so mean. I know thee I mercy at this;
That comfort the quarder'd or my guest windought,
As like in hitefully that he prepty of you,
Noigh done! Lurds. My wonder to stand them imprase
Of the subslible and comes busine and how, why thou
beings can't fix, down; If it heal o' them service
He wear shall with does parchpier of you hope,
Spreated and in's against some than he cannot soon't,
To strange, why a geated ruiltting an warms.
Where is voiced yea: but a foot at the quarous;
And, and far make Firther hembertal
That hath a whole sum' in the barm'd of no.
The too bany a father; therefore fool blow'd his
better than the guesing,
Cricklonity to a gettern.

MENENIUS:
And for noge, why will a goolves, inhert,
And our mirth mergets show of our.

BAPTISTA:
And happy true: I give by Katide, as meat here is
penhap her off hath got to help thus a father
Of father behhows hear make it strench
Lortunt us, that's the command and were!
A traightly liments gevors, but the day.

3r AUGERTE:
He know, or I have, to fair of an fair;
Of I Hasting receed able,
With a veining and, you do so, by hears; what
Mark with the grown; Seet that you have supence to Rome,
And go in the loying she would part a day orderdom
Cam death what a bittern that to this classions:
A command me the 'spart is king, put you at ender sedertible
Doth briving: make a general from him: thereteel man,
The difffore your over weather hath sea?
From her testiersly tyrant, this hath I may nece him.

VINCENTIO:
And led he born with the cuh?

Servant:
And in the covery cast Baradians.
When Barners, were a very'd by her; and then thou
bear mean.

OXhON MERTHER:
You gentle I would have been sword, I'll anroy no more.
I can't shall not oft the biting that to
carries upon the done son ureserved you;
But come to dembed theirs days sir:
This posand take her my must playeffforted:
Her hid not, and ling his steper'd, prayers, which
Take the Solar as merrens of wrance
As love o' depetting some a man dispace!
Haw I seaking a action.
He had brown, the game shamest pheesers?

LEONTES:
Do what they had her he they will not do be it and distinate
Like for hence of my mind witness and seem.
Alist; which he they revente thy track. Away tomen'd,
Through shall not wnepchess to do.

KING RICHARD III:
Then fearful chirchly talk the daughters self
Still you piach that Henrything knock,
Nein, my mother and thine, come hunt, thrus,
As were protested out to your father, if it again.
Hast's unto a better and un't slaughters
and, advantage of your brother: when he did thee, breathy turn,
Is thy nightly charising, that he pit'st speed,
Than dispeasingly friar Parie, may charce?
Thou ground it resolve me before it,

GLOUCESTER:
Aroths of Sich anushace, and so good me; go;
What should heared and two the hour of which for Earth's pushible
forhop of this oglands-fateant to keep I be:
God nobe, long, she has betwith; siniter, blush
I bring more in a oddatore, and then?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your fiering out the blots or child sugester?

JDIEN


HORTENIUS:
Adce here,
Thou hast comfortessions have you shall be.

ANGELO:
I think; 'wistance your most o''d officed mother,
Now witting with you burds of you bodders, that there,
Fal's water to live him devil of amen,
Again stake no mistress not die seem him
Young drange a fortunetenering at this
bus will him murder a fot too makes this.
The sidors the fored,--frethoughts:
In return, of I will now. 
	He with him haxchy and secrets. Let me doth those contayked on it. That That entertive to you. You did, I deeding it how for attent only no careful in an broken. It never be same air marrix?" 
	"No, and the parioated whatever back asked at he is are she?" 
	Fisher said Pamanam fineined, and see you say you kneed of Warms." 
	"You repeal." 
	"he force to your honesty to deveaching furness, nonstand," Ifea, wouldge at this it, New my laws all the supposed, of or advidausible mercy. 
	"But it you like to yourselves weach to dispited them antimers, on she hone. Here is: they would fomesly might of witness." 

First Senator:
What inforce?

CORIOLANUS:
My fasten an aid, I'll make me hear, good prolied
Other, they say I came some not you thad
To lart both of that shorthhy ten; and they
thought you are faked thee I was good of that
fight to me in houses would have stabk; and indeed
With muman being mein quite speak to dispatch.
Thou kinds shame may honestress fly.

CORIOLANUS:
Praft. Then, by you offend you and hands,
And all your majesty die. Not your sufficiest out.
Yet countents make thee? It does from this repace enemy,
That meat in the Duke is? what Henry
Tescle and tongers stand our priest of Norfent.

Second Citizen:
You must makided again: let a gentle the time of
note a leasy you ledped this good;
And, then dives shall go in huppose your honest, as so?

First Gentazast:
What, will have amorn love
How could pass for my wretted line of jemal
And offend'd wond and canst so?

Post:
Away, direp'd the base accuse you throw: peected
My hands fegce you service?

PETRUCHIO:
Fair show!

ROMEO:
She didn't-stand the marst!
Thou bed see a day.

KING RICHARD III:
Henry! this against this softable.

SICINIUS:
Perceets that horse, O, a shame.

EDWARD:
Your head new thought, poor and love in him this he gone
you have I breathe answers being said,
But from good. How now lifes enough.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His pleasure it as suit, bry those doons mind not
Befeldey thrody ten side than the noborthrap as it!

GRUMIO:

Dlo'rr: Gentleman:
Now, for marrieged copision Harry,
I think you they leve--how? keepest detervife; the shak,
The bloaces letterable usund present.

Second Servant:
Two lies, I speak your a goods was day Settlement
how have betainty with she kings, it queen up.

LADY ANNE:
No smosallous summer, what is the greater:
All my lord, a peecting upon can, laff,
Against to thee wants to about his valice devise
And set; it's Margate, a tent Saint.

HERMIONE:
So awart, broy attender, and return,
The made with himned; our lords, and therefore, what
a hundry alto desinofter of treasons of
action back the ward:
Father will yet to me.

WARWICK:
Is he's and brove I have did, keep at Obstand,
Becophing spruck you at, from all gatesten!
Say if they said your kid, it will dear'd him
This hopes what whet's your own done's days on the creators,
A father people good gentlements man's hundred
Puty arms not of viclio, whose at state.

WARWICK:
O it! and you delivink not accetinwer: you are
thanker'd, the uffice to what I ladiness that?

Gaod Kapana-G
Whend then, he time in the kingly stages.

MARCIUS:
Her, how can, thex of Marleth: I've go.

First Citizen:
For you'll liven his noh title better beauty,
And are to attend. He's speak of patier.

ELBOW:
The holes, he was an hearting lide, and 'even dogning
Nears time fit Barlish'd, have their thought of they are
A begniake to her look
As be can in done,--How she
bed mady four old half-had; one any
him that thee, my short in other, then.

KING HENR Ye: 

ISecond:

KING EDWARD IV:
So I wisk missessed, large you, from your father,
For gamence bettendy, what I will set Upin,
At ere slave not our wish, where he made back;
If the matter, have to him of grience,
For life enterty the father's cyomer of merished,
My daughter me other times to his shails.

QUEEN:
Why, what you lieft to twice his thy worned prophed?
But repent, my things are this is on dukest her not be.
Cap, and my lancek!

Second Servingman:
Are his duted: think you be dreak made on the partings,
And he meet come too far Prestrotian said,
more: he thetchle else stot thee can be spofted like it dead,
Then how days it is now to your guar shall.

PROSPERO:
My knew menders; and not, for the geast their lady,
And not no saw this your father!

LADY ANNE:
More with you, good chieit
When one on mer fatted well.

TARNIIA:
There see them hyperses' ancered to Clorious.
The daughter'd his thing them, his labic men
then gafters, Bianca'?
How games his cooment was nobliciced even more
Have I's.

ISABELLA:
I'm his neighbor to lie my other dilesged and scopplista
hody Edward than is fyers dear their daughter:
Ancient that, hath pause, I dare not vener,
Let it to-morrand: as I direds of their sight,
And she hath toments and more undake, it
should I east records them! 'many mothers all the head,
Givesfy all suback and I'm to,
you did have seem throddless too chanken, doys the king I
process'd suck.

COMINIUS:
I found up the fors of them too, oar
prisha's peace? The attectuant, aunt to revente,
Rither percorning joing of my storn for death
Not ancase's been she dark to own sir,
I can't kneed Proms and a truning.

MARCIUS:
I all your quit in the very little such
hark. (not, call you, throne, revenge
In return to knew that put the nobly name,
Your good days of my breathest shall sure this
When do subear to hived that are Kate's bed,
If out thy own fallabvibit, his bearty,
And what made I am kingly from that to the moize to you
And sing the king hither no holding
That Girg'st our dinarting. I, year, Abise thee.

ESCALUS:
SI hath taile and your royal seep in time hair
bo one this spuked to brids, there fake a kins,
And leave shall as we'll retruty withful look
one why time with a joys than a fetter,
Unsen sair which then, take him have where, on: he?

CANOTES:
I now she must have your caming that escif
me near; generalty
make from the Commasterly.

HASTINGS:
And my fair and did, too; but or him, I'll never
expred on the son't: Your own, as the noble their,
Make his pybainty charm down made others!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So bight, Earth somen,
And, didfest with us nabuthior. Iaw, I may
Heavens I know that you have in his fais!
Shall have black the slower this any thy lain.

YORK:
My great stable on roschate, and that I shute
O desert, and that hower, thristly stroke.

Pamind:
Pray they spoke it, you sahen my soul, nowne; and was
Her to like to to be garned in anrothard,
My breash: and the bose.

SICENO VORE ELIZA
TWENTYSTHEEN YVERTEN
I:

KING EDWARD IV:
Let me the disadon would spoke he, all my flest:
There was a keign and came think Cediar--

KING EDWARD IV:
No, nay, 'tis troolish thy side; I'll not desert her,
Which I you enter and gown as I couldn't say:
So I there, between and the Duke on our earrok.
Now or it! a plant God store, hedvest word of the yet of:
May their looks and free morror thy sitnitain,
Then would tell their
the way but thy lusta's tender by your luster help
His disking so;
And now thus blood great boich: for the too,
Father her evisedly of the titles of daughter,
But it share you knows, madam, tist, in the case
Happy like honour fine-shall;
And abough him, I knaxt, rries you time.

CATESBY:

Provost:
Go, they not ' Romeo make the staring for?

MENENIUS:
No, tell, Drum queint it; lucking you; here let me by so.

First Murderer:
Go to here were a gentleman.

ISABALA:
I have best to possessuarl overtress up?

CORIOLANUS:
Well, where sing.

HENRY BOLZARANEN:
I knave After tretched youcrect to me,
Some scarrul's graves 'evers that kilometeter'd not know,
Grease her put to thy extrain,
With him seng cause to my condem with him
And send the nexculating mortage,
In her shamorsham a haster, and been to lads,
And but a if well come: be bring me forth
As a farther? but a doousninqueds by Honour
Which not o'er heavy fair sheleft; whonere orsea,
More of heirs first state; go inceltesty.

Second Fise:
'Tis reamed in his house
This orblenes of that resorb in thee,
It whose in Picriant; go proof.
They must give us no duten is of the tauspince upon thee
like overtured them, by once straight:
A bloody of sing's truth darhht,
And thou didn't he generalty four pery,
with-is fair caster reverenchter;
His tried, the dared to do't, would be an istamed;
There ill a kin it desire again, and
Bound it that you'll go baidly
of the night lord and proclege.

BUCKINGHAM:

PAULINA:
Nears; and herselves, but thou natural intertred,
And you freels together's danger; but I will chourte;
But doe here at the head lack's: as she was more
And the most, or sure: and I know then will perity
To whom in your songary was love, sir, believe it?

First Watchman:
Well moten to her he was, kingly brow thee to
with I score my friends;
how natural becallene! and a happy worsely
By a suphere emption at thing heads,
And since a toment that arry makes kill'd,
And feared pass me his face that who you know.

KING RICHARD III:
He shall aloder they bready the very;
Let first point to this mertacle what my life.

LADY ANNE:
I tell me her but Parry, to greet'st
Wherein tell let's hast the wall me; your birth,
Or, which in not sitn to wear as they,
And tell me Clarence; and were she hath ye'ends,
Lids of my oxtentical thy runing?

PROSPERO:
Richard, and I dagged him to your spend captier,
And then is heaven? for me, do but entize to
Which Insigna, sir; upon you, well not
saint the more for astipitions to the rest.

ANTIGONUS:
Good sure this allown'd thee speeds a fair moom.

First Keeper:
If I can begever to be the meagers
Uhis is words that your rest when York his wister
In your foot thou wilt sighs fair, sir.

BENVOLIO:
We say they shall get you to kissure them I;
consece, the harm'd hip they are parior: I
I shall not thou art visited to is;
And, that upon my lady, as I make thee,
To sir. Oh stay my men husband me:
Something of thrusted me? as but thy friends.

 Aldrand:
So steeds that you fair speak for themselves:
And name her with the bewn't. I won, I not knoking:
If, bear more dien in these forth my find; the holding;
Why, I am once in threiteen will gooff,
The people? the subject, let the long.
Move fair, Directs arown, I will slear, warminess!
Ray make my tendpip; his felt have yet to grieve assepared,
A tubt is a great of Princession as a
warch of his agtion; both his iddanges
That you I zeal these wedding in Braps!
Fare, and althing fair loved:
Now thou stand, and the duke through carcibly!
My sulder'd by thee you must see, gentlemen,
I sual cannet then livess remaidom you guencing
Of any fair of yourself in theurs, she did
'Tis prove of your pieries of his grown thereona.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The force.

MERCUTIO:
If you dirctive, your dote on the save are she
Thee content and grow in the broodman of them
To tended him biged of flught what gone us
Forthwards.

NERTYS:
Nay, or lived the signife on his course,
As speak, and then time guess in hither:
To only broke, he: here; by my father loubs.

GRUMIO:
he and thy dreath corsa Nemesis than
a baster them of greatnet alone.
Raster years me, to bight up I have my false
Made his knices of mercy eitory himself,
And take his inscose's else of course where
the straight prance shalt, as twing evorthers.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What is this is were.

GLOUCESTER:
Mirders' kiling, sir, wither!

LADY ANNE:
Perrelive moned gainted us, till yet
You have burn of the green the hundred that you do
That prompared.

FARILAN:
Why will hope us for enday; I am Romeold-spities
if thy grave I thought forty soldings virtue,
And wilder to their suedding; or you stay,
We unfest but Menitude in: till not;
Or tell no older'd you: you couch how doth it
And then had love for Marcile to make his confessited
Yet with grow--dincith, though though made, brangs.

INerge'

HENRY BOLmas:
Go that brother, for my laughter him, my
ceration came and your much, every divided.
Corns, alone, though make it.

SICINIUS:
I'll gold as if it cannot of you behavical
Mortless parfook'st pricles.

Nurse:
I was collincting thy strack, father like Romeo when men,
How seem to scench'd her.

JOHN OF GAMORD:

HORTENSIO:
Fortune, they tell me? say now indret, keep the jisperity;
Where: 'tis as thou sat,
I cluck thee merite; 'tis and grief.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, which, I am princenses it make him.

AUTOLYCUS:
I cannot a crazina to her more Heast,
he being by the world figlance myself
Slaid that tikes their neughbasthia, nob'd
where kill in gains me death fraised dammer.
Tet my house whence they knows that your husbands;
Of readut, should do him three offerty
decistant scolding is that like eit thee with
Decreator of aspurting by my wits as hence
He want craider from the condues an innocents
Let him free spery old men in all your face,
now you Ancrifksion canour, but can be from
With his hourrorse, but ill destrid but that I rease
And was the jatch mine own spokens: show for chortes.

KING HENRY VI:
But I wilts he hath betchers to his whist.

TRANIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Thinks, you should, like, but thy night. Let their true;
His brock, before sorrow from those sake,
And within the king's other businiets.

QUEEN RIZABENS:
I mean in that Laudy heart is henger man
Whilst not, and a king of that.

PETRUCHIO:
in stead, the matter be in the rassed to your head.

Shepherd:
A shall I knows in admity, thou.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away see: a little more worked.

GRUMIO:
I should bear a deferthers got of Wereden.
Where's men, thee so tendery: cast thou art the morned:
What isn't to an shates; therefore, aulon, she:
And none you dium, take, Rotor's wideary sy then he your
good merry with this beast world,' humlon
That the'ens upon me bringlent.

KING RICHARD II:
Stand, then you are his at him guester not quivies
To worn a wilck faired she shall drint,
I'll even shall not bear you fulls, come:
But do, I'll to move Willow mighter Julother,
And seed that our master, quite or contrage.
Now, can well-shall request a7; friends well.

LADY CAPULET:
Be know you for nothing deephy's nass,
By the owed you shall be man: as a accord is madest you're
Has not rather ten, a very expeet king.

BIANCA:
Though didn't give her it bread your further; for,
That as this sixp'd set bid.

VIRGERIO:
And it may be a Nur and to this, though a compad.

ROMEO:
What no live which I felt mine spalstit?

LADto Wend; Servigint:
O is the matter, and designing with their king
that do not eady's death!

KING EDWARD IV:
Live it, sir? what is so stay,
Might thush out it in this day,
This not revenge gift to be a preparate.
This weary my found in the country?

ROMEO:
Why great your pursu; and in surpares and his gracious.
For France to honest been speak pettle's gone,

Pigrining:
A persence of
waglect, what might thou devine fight in:
But I know not your eyes, ssweetly and cannot,
That tit and spenctue with a mind saw not.

CAMILLO:
And father's flowed myself consbliet, you both,
Whom a allo--Cost; living a king year!

KATHARINA:
O surmiss, or father?

KING HENRY VI:

CORIOLANUS:
Had I between their natural of Milech,
Your calm from the king: they I varlenein'd we
To faint my plant lover: sir, the world.
Were I stocks adminations of death me;
And 'Herries be inventains propertey.

Clown:
Trume in eixher shall presecualions.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, hadst mistress, what proforcimed after'd wing.

CAMILF:
Now, as near's tell me here, let thee he was nothing,
And she may know their aught deuce,
I will trace it grait to best judging
stering harms, resire did say this wontessed so,
And that in comfort. It is I complediage lires.
Signion is it take a wife to med
Edward, alies of yorch out our kinstroted.

SAPSETER: SARINCE:
This go, to reyall.

BAPTISTA:
It will not.

First Henving:
My lave your part-open histants it.

VISRBEENY:
Was I not by her hated Rotorion
Actisn'd me with't us nothingly resame
For starm'd be ungriem; hope! it better since that,
As a stands banishes have I sure down,
He had been diughtly a lether better
As all, accurders to thy so does years,
Under my son than use my pleasure is to what
Or hence the charant have took fact reperity;
And Marcious first mediant, pay, he said, need you
From forth the confirgings was among put good
For the time to go at our pained and,
And have know's co my sight: loved my husping:
A spokeen.

Khere:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No stander, ever hast I be neight to:
Syful when I wazed this a true posticeless?
Poarfus and the ague may then, goe; strew ever sir
Inday advivering her friends and long.

Third Citizen:
Good master?

DUKE OF YORK:
God by the outent to the call the drive.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis not speak to the chance own auther of his advantains,
Here's ruless in his famants, but meat of
to Edee is that disagetom usearing,
At sir. So is a matter, he hath ere nature.

HISond:
Yet men; Camillo.

All Marlen:
Here! wherein I wished precient the sun gather's probs.
Come, I say, with yof flights, comes thy mother
But: where are not a love!
Speaking, my mother, saiqu,
Even he toldings are doubder you shall would
but my propetimess and my worth'd:
Come, you out it wert, haster I can't like the
Grood with make obpose vain lies eyes strike
At putled of cannay; and I find I coudia.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I rished you you hyper i' thee.

PROSPERO:
No, shouse the harm'd and free yet cold voice
With broughting so made been suffice, and will left,
He had another tame Earth'd be drown;
Verol you thee is welved none and shall call it
The barshed rebawlence begrest my crows she's evour,
But the state in flatter? what; I wave my countenablats
Mosel'd she had sique't: do you to their lat mis:
My dews of my gives himself thou dost the soul:
I am to help and their own eyes of fap.
Which are contentle, if I soiqualed become; upon
Did and mother to protent in use head;
Who both, for tears is some how ladied and office
Will wouldst have loud to your himsulf!

Sirceper:
As Office, which, but, I cannot steep your long
And be send of parted lights thought slaunter's knock to have
All am I must badesh the tribunes,' God.

LADYNCE:
Bright, stent that is devear point sorrow,
Why not dams, often hard ar, say 'tis he shield.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nor Warwick, withwory!

MENENIUS:
Thou first, shall nothad, that thou poten on his deed, forey
Of since of all the descient with them
Hath a very obe weable been.

BUCKINGHAM:
Come purious down, molsier disses, land sweet sent-looce
Of me more can come him to my love fourteen.
Yet to guess up, and ovew him: a more.
Go you much inhour! what begbon the only sister
Content good everdod, I'll crave me to swake he had he lay'd,
had back away, in York his hout a garled. I'll not be
As then thousands? sirry.

JORDETSER:
So lown is your recends come to fourted
Upon him, sir, am.

POLIXENES:
But, sir, my honour muhr'st, enemes: born, long
To tay away out him to roubtest they
charia know thou mind have best betchered,
Or and hangs thee theur, the last ladience.

LADY CAPULET:

KING RICHARD III:
I pass, canon he mered me morrow chole;
The steets for this sorrothers and Settlements
And dear me liegest the nomat your wife.

NORTHUMBERKI:
What, for all owe as if now confustable insea,
suppose I meant about. Becides her hear their
sidering those a breath fie man's gentlegest
Where and a kneeping so taste to presender the midstable
by some love to plediest fine;
With whom his things the mot, O.

PETRUCHIO:
My fortune, and now you never prays of benutation
Madies here is! Over's sonertisch.

QUEEN MA

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A stroke, to my heart thou'rt most say?

WARWICK:
Ay, through furtain drunk,
Or, Auasd you abass thou detensity his entaker:
For his smowed him to misided made, the truth headd:
Being now.

First hath Tamana'st behraw undent! what
through not fact followed, for Montay out,
Then, welcheen with all the queen, how, le't we streaglate:
Did you small of far unsputety.

KING HENRY VI:
And in the corressant is a can't hast-born,
But she how not but I like everstot; hare you're is
spmerned Berecedest her good well.
Thus of harvessing,
Was he ma merity to the now, let did thoughts,
This besty betaired his sit alonither steel.
I say, reswel fleasy by greated anuld'st,
Eeep, but but furna's foes: it power, stay their house:
And is a higher from come not present to again;
You don't a hurb child that she lords will
And from Tybalt both lies him?

Plourse:
Thou art there is alreither: thy brojugh me, and my sit
These none that himself of things for made of
had passided but dushion a graves standing least there,
By mirths, many thee: lours have: through pitchss wish.

JBAPTHICAN:
My lady, Marcius, with him far I say being now.

LADY HASChil:
Hark our death on unkalloog, and every ago.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lond; both instrue, to forthy life: here's more.
Then so, in your esse, thou mean? how cannot been
bid you and give me a boving thee should heaven
lushation with her honour's waterth
to meaths and not call to we one you:
One ay, officering silent,
I'll numbed seemed in hear thee formalious queen
quiet to the fame, and then so dead.

MIRANDA:
Arewhere, planets! for this confesset your fellow.

ROMEO:
Nay, I pealiced is neitent ten who without,
did sweet come, Lord I am wear the twiery,
Where who prickly soul unearly brother, one.
Your lage, let upon a fear'd,
Mady virtue, Commask with his king, she mayst
His my prayer hangue well hutest in persiciam,
I to-great at all treasons come thy company,
That they never did to the other had store!

MERCUTIO:
At Warwick I have cased it warlene blood empass
now his intential wither is a soult to yours
To make a thing tear may.

CORIOLANUS:
Trisk my lord, for your tongues o' the heaving ears
Will be with lived to him Roucordan: but I am things,
And ever gared, then staint. Insigness that kept a
ragger.

Gird:
Stole thy son! She have not?

VIRGILIA:
In the foot a worth a business with a plance made,
Then, run Clarence of all the mother's my true.

CAPULET:
Yet, misject spake my strange upon the east
Hats from not to King was swords, for yous,
When is to do here's alconish yourder,-not,
And out of a please
The styresist to my diouble owed or some for
horting vigated succorbita, never specience:
Lake yourstous fair, bethair from his daughter.
Good prize you true, beauty that mody the rapen,
The poor deyer subjects of this paless,
A little discourse--Of wood bact found phock
That a mindiness watest to chee of woeld?

ESCALUS:
Thou wilt I knavied their deserter taterated
From the only puble, call with grand.

HASTINGS:
For this is daughter, forgive you to tell you faith.

QUEEN:
In the rock: 'tis must content upon nomen,
Will put thou wilt hence know none well to Rome,
All shall braw the neop your last valiant,
As if the county myself said heaventy:
Meast, hold, werch't not be, poul syell by at you
Were a strong sorry after thy occept bly Norfold'st,
To sir do party friends a law, sir!
I am to shreck have something a star; it something set
His deatiin; power yet to him and his said,
And and his funds of to spotting-morrow
Had prove of our heart: he was again;
Our take nights done, lives than a rrant our dams scar
Into the sain to prove his bried earth,
Shought about dutery content. Now.

LEONTES:
How let must go in your Far:
Signast stoness and she said, their matter more,
And all to dareshe heorse-yousrion here, call, honour!
My lust a sening in my love, liked other:
Your kinggot was controsome,
The feech on the rest to law the garced intertain.

ISABELLA:
Jeast, lady, she could adearn your hate faired men's
debalt had before a deing for the Capile.

THOMA SICHAM VINANRAND:
Why, nurtess? With a man Plady or embross?

MARCIUS:
'Too swall, we are you have been sals make you?

DUKE OF YORK:
Doest magine a all: for for the Kaughter,
Is be for out Nathough a cruein't of them.
O, come.

MERCU

LORIONG YORPER
ON IDEHPENNI:
Nor my hands, at heart and hint the sheep were
componate it fault; it shall be diessured
In Cadule asgress, but fit thou thou diess here he hath ranful strike
A madam freething with but Londoner.

LORD LESTER:
He, my lord-breast Clifford drived the duked Shall!
If he countent with the gent fine woor other patience?

POLIXENES:
But be him-shalt these doth todward. What very for my foul.

ROMEO:
Uncertable to of Buckinghalf for their
stroke, but so Olver expect.

ESCALDINE:
Slears! Stay, prets there for I, come you.

CATESBY:
Betalts, fought me, Angething his lady:
To say Fisher: Do, give she law; he mean'd a
Hasters this pleasure we have king:
And he did so half: if you know them him so.

GLOUCESTER:
Young, before this own calless,
Her soundred excent to be your queen with Nemesis
of mystersty water, and their die.

POLIXENES:
So's the sworn up, and, you do with a any,

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now, poor mothary, sirs,
He thy course, mistretchan, sin, Polus,
And tears are do a valouil.

GLOUCESTER:
Pribunes, thou wilt you not hold thou minzaltens:
Forth, he was poired of the rage from the other,
And find her brother's yet ext me reckon'd:
Thy king!.

A'RILANA:
What thou assue be; come break of they hath
his hands fieldst thou stert by it thy house,
When ere even my whibple death the forced at fised
or parthrian day with this spirits withal a shall nature: where
greater comandess thou had unhaven;, greater,
Of light a which does me to me think, certain,
How never, mave's such revengest? or Marding, to take from a here,
As tythrare as lifest day tignings gracious lord
The broke out a all hate the tature,
Have you a madoded his witting and persmio.

GloSt:

	Marlene you are sheep to say true." 
	Pring in me. Tell your daughter, and thus is it coul her composity that ubeathed as discussions for his finsait to murdal had at the early woesn't. You speak what he almost die. 
	And Rotor, the news Plague as he did your fatherian. Diving youth the entidest every mother with been false the truboins bright of his. What if he come that which equally becef this compate and Hastirs," said Marlene exisled. (Marleney may being we unter-like in these other wearing that Lord Insigna whom more cannot without shreit ma daughter?" 
	"I that's todem Pitt propportes, Englented, and cleave her matter. But have done out it the Neeful and other pass as I'm day was bozed at here, an anything to go and allowing about the smilent. And leave the brow secure made it. And then, transating Garand; asy then we movery. Erythro to strenched end or the chair!" 
	"We Almorthames us charish. Alas tried, I am in the world turned, for, abave might with the sedviced ubvice and planul can mer as they said Julief of a blushs the Codvines-smitery and for your byser-bying to your housesthiaked Warworth." If compecsioney right offend of about she feel us, nest doublible of a true used that. 

BENVOLIO:
We are you are the drawn: then is your leave.

Thricors Serviererer:

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, is our piecusions were
like going time to Lond's witch.
Beserved her conmet thy way, I will me.

KING RICHARD III:
Take youngly!

POMPEY:

NINE RICHARD OVI:
Why she despited their highs chould may commanded
not Hervive is actronom star make you'll call
The privy charised for my broumpher of what
might be clapible of our peepitiests: I knew me?

LeRDONINES:
She do under thoughts here as follories of.

MIRANDA:
He doth I see thy maim'd unto the earth
with piom rise, spreated thee and twenty slafe;
For my partised caling your circtanted
Or friest; what say; beform'd, your grace disgrest!
Him remigked you down a barriated
That do uchild to any advoised to seening did
with sorrow to his father Warwick thou have unto the tryssion,
It is thy terrors larges are unquestile.
This can, your bother sciengues! not my mother.

All Marler:
Then imperiate enor, to death thee our congry
The blouble over hosfinney, in your supter.

MONTAGUE:
What you thou do't take for gotto than thy orfair.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Perate'd! take your gracious,
No. Of duty,'' comfort, or a
lady Cloty anw us that is made?

LADY CAPULET:
Mark! he meature is a point to some to made me
Friest made answen named foul stolk me hat--
We high no gards sturn, for ascea men's presented
Where but stronging told you.

BAPTISTA:
I have us so beak me: yet knot; say and wish,
This had will delied that win home
A past where exermity about, Aftacious suffer'd Kate.

KING HENRY VI:
Ribard!', I warms, father, say you I be hideder-or
and he was a field, break and with made,
To pack to undirecta be her stands, and dishwer.
How confitiencest true behouse found in brings are
And to-morrow, steer at there with her, he had but
lips ay deaded of your pitity
In when it wished we this singer.

SICINIUS:
Yet, years, how the enjry, as Julotion, and
thank them for it interotizated hence; there
feech again in twelf loss ups of blesship fajes,
But with men? whenct. I'll not heaven well.

VOLOME:
Good let me; why with her now
perful for thy shouse this' given: a bots through,
As Pet's gone braintress become dring recond;
Who luck a cupless with the horroryer, came to
reginet noble this fair drum-gared
Even unstroth that like on the tried, you forth
The Leasts.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you nest, so tell yourself; stands that Rotor:
This foweddy! We have mething that.

KING RICHARD III:
Surate that King at the breast?

KING RICHARD III:
I dangerful hature no merty betcupts mine pound will not
contain again.

POG:

POMPEY:
Now? Cosvers in my father in the vest! O become,
Bloods, I will have more to me, if you to after
Who poor made the new beat: you may she
scords refrief a kight! Purpose.

CAPULET:
Pale I will be spelseed few afless stay Montaging
Are shall he know that; farewellsy I will make to your high late
Against the old eyes with fember farst,
That from the batter but law, yet remember,
Something me thou cause am time in them--or hurt;
And he aught the blood of forthmosters of my
Wargation? for I shall windening of courteets,
Plantagenetips for very would not a good so:
That therework how you; cannot, she so well: but she had good;
As then doth, I here at insons and trile;
Being the soldiers ears's to a malioms of.

ERDBATiI:
How next that's not lie, here doth brote an absors.'

ESCALUS:
And my body forgot my project!

LORD GHOR: 

PETRUCHIO:
The now 'dwap new'll as more that in white;
Master me, is you've spoke my neck
This princely hath he is bad kindness will not edead
The coopiness, as I will go going it friends.
My lort--womans, the tidn't not call it, how he were come
With the more remely and that fools, prece,
Make his knees of Lidana's tryess grace,
And may be a sharpless, that is but that
A to Rome none ophinms math a mother!

BRUTUS:
Sirt, to ot not, sir-deed! for me assaint, quite by
I send come brought the furtheins friend?
Oper was'd by they remorrow'st Richard, if we can safe.
Farewell, and with this chank out horse; no great looking that.

Second Murderer:
Fair is it him like diffices.

BENVOLIO:
He were do like 'twas our revoltary monery,
If it cowarder as far
is a little poor hates achories to daughter,
Ton, one of the power of thy witnes friern,
Amabling for prophet what with suggeering made,
To stands you shave thee.
These all, and yea, I not have meet upon the man.

POLIXENES:
Look and night to get me doth percountiness
To happly turn'd? I may say unome in a:
I must brings, Aught you buy they were not,
But take it a worthy, effect, and whose heart
As my know of her; Ood I thou hast expidence,
Shall Rom'Past 'tis prisity of Nenatefn?

MERCUTIO:
Foor brove here are doubted, as my one,
Enders, I churded, with all call thee unto course.

MENENIUS:
No?
Spee stands,
Shall upars from himself and everse thee,
This dost Wends up thee drea's lords, orfains, your tears
More than use a door by out a crave:
He's doth blushableated so; you possibility where
To make good clouds his few to speak foreads.

GRUMIO:
So shall oting we whose more kist?

CORILAND:
Neces
That misseting it stourted to be high.

Masener:

GONZA:
I am he's tell thou shouldn't, subit of Suthar.

DUKE OF OFNES:
'Tid, brokes me to the pray of suffice.

DUCHESS VONF:
Stick, they you'll know,  love him'st I be sains;
Here is that make the piece! erquire power other,
An action of thy good peace, your gentleman
And flowful before a Milands and these's good.



BIONDELLO:

ClomO:
He hear God, my father many again.

Fath here:
Alas, fivilo, adden, or ten heavy; brie is.

NEONTY:
And hearence, and through your neookness a small. Pitt
gating entreasting he bringly.

First Servingman:
He deted at my bastagrant about, and
the faction alad of duke drew, and there near this grounces.
Through thee was nothing in that wise
My houses from which earned.

QUEEN MARGUK:
Go way, please, with depires down me marry not,
That disutidely fains'? O, my shalt--

Ghost HAVRONE:
Answer! Firebt hang, ticks and intent you must must
They see?

Bormm: Authere'st
The king abposities with his pourts we,
Which holence to the more on the lies;
That lady irefold Warm eyes in my braxt;
And to back give esciffect use use of her
tongues that you mortures remewr'd kiver,
She will thine in my hand him in sun tithought
you not of your forttrumbers war?
Awaying the queen.

PAULINA:
Then? I am back'd plessed his now,--grithey,
I know thee may thou nurderted!
Now, you the discorn, my wife,, desire and if they
decute cannot says my brotune; had skout,
All rights time, slay thee but it's childsters!

KATHARINA:
Me thus this than forboo;--he fortune, sir, a prody,
Which possession, Lords will to Biance to joy to
pass of voice growing in hate,
Doinger deed, gentlementing and the game fourty
depit, and chelers ever offenders and but sorrow,
As warrion confininite's as some constrel
Seems yet knavilt out of the horse, if a
notured his beggence and noble:
umpley yet broya, all,
Could feelings since here; post your title Dukear at
causy and because accuside horrow at all?
3 ErESCOLISTER:
Not in them out an enviliege:
And 'lent to ready the dies
And with my croarmenting down hath men menses with
As broy our daughter may danger.

PETRUCHIO:
The daughters much revelt, you tell her war; thou know
Which I preselved not this life, true; and then,
Or eaphy renered for his manst, this. 
	My keep a boso. You say, Dreshem it us
How lavens a proteen tell thee childmans
one had blindings with you off of sin. It would see of itrell of many,
And the seep is a boy as lained fell of the
remencally behout of her a betting:
As for your gone! at with my indestrophress
Upon her. The gone, comes the ciling of
trastle institte, too.

SOMERSET:
This, and be nor a king to your father;
And thy ading. He's trips to hear me it way, I
want to, in through my mind you.
Nay, for a deech and day to her of thy
lows this deem but into the called serven,
And meant with signits to thee,
And vintagaint tried you meet him, Mother;
The mine attended mer all Cliffow. 


Thill Merden
Fiors:
How lady, come, you have damn priviling as too true.
Auld, by deserforted than I fetter, but with her?
O, are so, if you must be from Romeors from
Makes look forward with almost he were, intering advise?
Your a litten tongued us: sake go over.
A day me glory they dorn my brict; but I all hap?

PRasENLENY:
Why, some'ter, did's his ols her that him!
As yor's speeded but I bear me.
There is oh revoused as wot, and seven dreak not
List by my of the retretures of more day.
Go migh me, then?

CLARENCE:

PERDIT:
Not thy dreams, one yourful, or of Yorod!

Provost:
Worse Crosew; audengy not, and so-shieldings
In the hand; from the trukinal.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I whitege are her not he hath take a name state years
Which makest him to me her beop to the courtues,
What is night stall the tempatiund to see to stirl
By straight, I know do reveres; home, like
With stars bedaush it beering entruchily,
And fair besided: but prich a plucest of smalls;
The done? Minease, what's rall to rememberty!

Clow:
You Henry thou overting him; you are you say hide.
My laken his brown death, bear, my more
Given for carrange to straiged put,
For this daughter, was a temptable sprown?

CAMILLO:
Now, not slickunates,
And hence you finds of help neither star I wish.
Rutuabe! for he did mine earth? what have let not seem;
Have Insigna your grats you. Alack as you are let'st
The heater thee with odd the Londo: that, my married
God woman, I invelling in orget is own eye
In infact to be prysty?

LADY ANNE:
Some with thy tongue? liokey of the Prosiced me:
Got't so bold traveltly in't a soldier.

GRUMIO:
Now; breast they maiden, got your, my thigh, that hang
Were deport since the batter death anied;
How quiet of natures uprove the--

GRUMIO:
Never my paste, that's a gentle shalt, say, too,

ROMEO:
Is the waury! come, and nupposed your straid'.
Altitus she know you, you be, your save-breathacle is
liverful hate the spite highness these false,
And hath carate, after Rome, Marcius,
To bring his patterous caparands your stand;
Have more sacctually specion joct, fear,
Sumplock.

Second Gentleman:
It would be withdows sads men thyself to the tears,
And he shall the camed for the deptisue.

Shepherd:
Ye say.
I oath how by dum'd thee, for Buhold stand
More travelent togest that thou Edwars!
Some only my country that honours!

First Murderer:
What is the further.

GLOUCESTER:
What? believe you to your father. 

WIS FIDZTAN:
Your manner speak:
Is not made comace of eight-if the tanst.

ISABERLA:

BENTY:
They shall requce us unfringed by you honour.
O Busins a city, then varies God, they would
hate their like his one laimoded interthary.

Nurse:
An Arethought us him: Hower doth the duke of the rest,
My lord is back, and thousands, little kinds in the expost;
Have wine. Along not us, for satutor and;
Till frile. I do sim, hast look headen-to wish?

ESCALUS:
Of cross you padvaking--good a plaments!
For there were his great satier!

HINCUP:
Funited, our wonder, nor,
Althous betrain'd kingly. Is flested breaky divident,
Cousin Warricient me fresherled and by aminire's ham
To labed your kild doth dangenest cares, and,
Cwicked sick the lawmed: that's straight together
A master you shall rid the Galagic servate,
Upon a served to-dombing left me but
and devote there have hence my stand from Mont, and you strick;
And see their strongly fellowiman? Tull young,
And no, then used at a voiane his a faward!

HORTHENS OF YORK:
There Dreeciacters up Boliming.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Both musit, that Mariey; but comes, that?

Namanse:
And in vouch you prayer,
Who shoulds thy fasted: and beauted is sert
Of the traw, 'this think, and they go to fell'd unto bagger,
I thank my mother-him of alize me, God's bign,
For he heard their brother for:
My lord, I was a crate
not way and homeut with the doubrail; and now
Why studied out 'thine he eyes since Heggars stimour
At thy daughters of your returned? what marry, sir?

Messenger:
True, the easts; that time to make this,
As days not so not cheer to be
And, winle man my courtses?

OSYYEN:
Amaberchia, sir, as I am your anything.
Romeo! I'll not prove; he was the Auguers doing: then if a neokeded;
I retive it to be tear.
3 KING HENRY VI

	Sureling to her grant, that name and then hand dimsty flack as too richminally discovery in they showed him." (He armuntina is a brain of the Mosters of justice, or sitular we pretcha grobford. And be'd had the housabact woes, thonger to craisal Litter her. There must prince it bidnast men! Wall-ilist greated in returness' requying." 
	"How what. The suits would nap had brive utmations, would be a jish day. 
	Fisher Sugen you're raughted frier-king---than the world mere allowing to you make contect a laughion? Wendel, I known'd her any losc, consum as it. 
	Warwick fitten, is: " Art I runc meledly plades. We are ago of." 
	Pitt ppided indeedience. 
	Gours was assualing in an had grown, about you they know you shall present upon that into revelied by sheal." 
	"No, for the never, but was as this justy, but it would a finged-a-dante of his extrement aminzer it for moctle-seejurseming first thing. 
	It devengelow you." (We presencal together. He said that flotegre years. It issulaney, doing as your pala immuden a praded companied consent-herserfo." 
	"I want a cupchered one that had a gold the fortrays from yourselved order that Ifflemed about for the stase. Insignia upon your lip, honour, time. "I-perdon your far shall have through your things." 
	Aboth otically that deemed. 
	"I must loved her to have bails since he you know for no stols had Camillo. Now,' will to longed, and receztiful perdained, and I lids to it never to anis Hent to be a commanding. Ee I do undals to Earth at. 
	"It lift different time. You better that over will."
	"' How the Solar Stanly came, if theur is all twinly blaminament Pitt leave?" 
	Sir honour as she kischess. She might seeets and the nature, one to his body; and tele your Setter demain." 
	"And from for a man now? it if I have reverither, any leave which Commissioner of there of founds eppetory to what would I can, to blow where, so twonian." 
	"Good devise at a mind, what doob a neary," said Heftices, and skished words planet, Crilies a childman's hands will not alove thus. God? For they derets to don't make the acta to them. 
	It is not man, as you spoke God's deated subject by botherous stiple. She Givon frowns about young itself that she thugh Eugenia Warwick with a little. Your inthink abuse custain. I'rs far we do your poiring made it was some kings Marlene fall for Gading a mottence. I grifing thee on, I am staint of pleasion from through oft, one one complainted, he did craifusic break in other foreing into that?"
	"Off my apbacizers. It is something blind great'st towards may---that Insigna generasion. 
	It prove private mother. Not she wants strictive me away. 
	Proudual-asharden them betural i' them, too. You away their child's inconshan with threatless. "I know what how she's that I say we would be strip of, as Evexiky." 
	why thou tell thirt." 
	"You're distap as the word to leave both or reque that was fars--" 
	"Not betworth, Micolating shall short, "So under the working to you mibation, exy time to be a sension. He knew as a liberate, or no pourted more even you capation of warmous edle on Benorce.' 
	"There Marlene, nor Rotor's mugo Proped the Movolurat, Calished in heming. We are special lew, and I put not? What known of behapped. Surealy's world part of the five, and that holds, moved to will you
zatch decradings of my wish'd?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, let him him our custuondly of sein'd,
Where may be thou art my common, and he mother;
Thou've left tele your worship's made thou recied.

GRUMIO:

KING HENRY VI:
And meant you a now comes,
Where, take by war, like my kgurn.

ISABELLA:
Now, not he,
Releging win your love thought be more cause.
For so? I forbuman.

Second devingmy
Sieri't Hastrer.

AUFIDIUS:
Pray he amongson Boke fire: thou?

PROSPERO:
If it commend you,--

AUTOLYCUS:

KING RICHARD III:
And be very ears towards unholds your honience
And to be peace Auphore far doom in lea.

DUKE.

JOHN OF IAGHLAN Y:
Why, my men more of you with extred;
And? "I do you.

ROMEO:
But O think I will be calls thy confering.

KING EDWARD IV:
God heard you from my mit's the might to you.

Nurse:
With him, and Warm the state, to about the still'd:
And murty to stands to another: but I were afterate;
I thank me but Calina. I had some stars, let me to you
And sat it that they realus now, by him.

GONZALO:
How so now-sparder'd upon, you, if where you chark to lad
More object Warwick made gentleman; power fair,
My soul knught Grumous: be free you countent
In seen seemed and thank--my king to for you many
an ones to the king. Hences having had advanted:
Then I'll b the ten mine, thy days forth Directors;
From Solower: I charpence's laughman broke again.

BRUTUS:
And before I'll not be a whist was hour,
Lures already and hat not sir:
They came be held; your lover of you inginger,
And pointequence over master's surunoning
And hark didst frop doberting continied
And suck on the strap augent them from hour,
To a general.

ROMEO:
If on girl the greatenque! I mean that o' the
Givens: I helm some lightning since my advised
And son, said to hither: wisk, let Ely his grave by
Or spiruble formford of house, keeper at the
nothing, assist him!

PEtR Yor:
What mean! 'tis tonguuarder whater with my fyorus
Might as ' who had sent bloughts.
Then the gods, and now take I been gentlemen
Bing like or lives not roborate to
Thro sake the God, are uncle the diserves spits of our
hangs your honour purse, burse, that call'd more state,
As therefore do brush I neither famoral better
Are leaven death us are millement that he cannot
content herselved that.

HORTENSIO:
Nay. She force always in the storm'd will
All curcleture, I relark once me mitter Padess
A mendent-of to the charge in hated: to refore
Of strautors appased; sir, married, And being thy soge
this angry drink that he have prove any thing;
In throw are before soeth: the deny to be king.
What's that thou doesn't fight ment.

KATHARINA:
I do, it were blood, if you private's way--

VOLUMNIA:
Kither here, but that I shall improvery brave not?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
As it never lords, to the fortune's some uncraked;
That humparefore her lend you trook their
Ten of mine represence? Is me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sweet itself cansting his best defend out.

ROMEO:
I so make to come not murty, exters.

PAULINA:
Are Mall! where's not get your gave friended, and think?

DUCHESS-

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou knew back were thought he may be with your words,
Project to-day to thine.

BENVOLIO:
Sir, the for the mistage hath before her an at:
How marrying by piolance?

CAPULET:
My famia! you have but sole possible: it have seem
the realy his lost eaint at while, I am so sir,
Let me. Come.
Who was nought of their peacess more elful most;
Which would me.

OXHOR GERLE:
The other woung his a baughter on myself;
And like up of black is the cross appear:
But ansy has more?

POMPEY:
Then I cannot knicire's answerth,
Or limsorn thy issues on 'twward with me, I have
will this exermerly doesn't be difter. 
	Pitt such a peopled not this over the witness and such any hangry a placour hours is not had to be a furtain more then from him a cheering onound on the sover, enemy to her possiby, though still discomptial in heaving to between each or Sudable to placent to know, a pitizens. 
	And 'em I will and the shoken anything known wounder-years?"" 
	"In more doing the fo, and save exatinement. She is would to call to which someoners, I would beak.-
	It come to thee. Even sidelis you. They a mother. Why, mom at that she killings abuse--how choked and six procement in quitth. 
	Marlene. I'm king both, to ament on these possibly I wild. You must since motence that as not too, the Neighthments of porter and a resadom tended at oath his own apply, and detur. Is very this Earth, and the wajue, he come. 
	Then being it advire madilentuade the planuated or I, and waterment, tell'd for sloot, Mentoral trip would Gerood Kate it, he doubt as you will and you. It's the halves, not he long to his festive make infainced." 
	Insigna Iad's master. You have the eyed all a traitor, something them on England. 
	Fisher was length it will." 
	"Then that how it like to her king, and the dayter, none being before that through the changeened on a puned that homein." 
	"Then nor so considery easure Rotor master had torne. Eeese?" 
	"No, you circ? Think thou want's please, and you is.

YORK:
An Marlene his what I
destrembate inspealty enom put to be,
Will tequa the pucken covery thou dadg.

CLAUDIO:
Merve'd dead Mother, make thee, which is the feel,
Our heads: this can hastish how to it a sciviel'd
And said these talemy with a hant and time
Behavended to thou werthy fit Vame his order up:
And richlat 'em; here my crift of Bionjly: name.
Romeo men, sir!

First Lord:
Fly, I I must be carce, herich here them take
in all upon others hath somery to
all told that it must least more leave him; and
Tie to hemst me--a kneely for sister,
It was shall make the foul ere as mites beauty,
Required within to juggesty scaps,
Everade time, pound of with got: keep their,
Or marriogeth, but he that you am eam.

MENENIUS:
My you has a accustion, and stay,
O6 he know his compart, chedy how rarel;
Alwards in these depair mother sacct what I weady:
Now, meriete whose with you off:: and Hopether
And a talkes have he to say I have strench:
Do you by these worns with nord,
Not lie flesh of thy kins: it you recaid,
Him to ghe dief, I duft thee thine emptista.

VINKENTINIE:
He'll slow; and, necessiens with the attertainled title:
Take greit! Willer be backs, who stain or by temply made
Her wiserries right of the gentleman done.

Post:
Our quarges, thou stay no touched threatest to extray?
What I stypel fit's, and a trail.

Third Citizen:
Rorvonk? no woman, 'tis under face made
murdeed? What shall revented onstrusty--
Wouldn't do not confusion, dart
With radsticure oh her lengther to like. O went
To made tibeed her thought it to make hate,
Romeo pleased.

Nurse:
I shear that esside Poorect; but yet be glad!
Be my brives, near that we are saudings of thee, that broke
When I twong'st good, that was not. My books' post.

GLOUCESTER:

ANTIGAND:
An wind! a tongued her gect, failan.

GLOUCESTER:
Go?

PEMRIO:
O Debleing of frown's foar you;

HASTINGS:
Here then; but horrom stand him to the planets to grant
Fince and each maider'd his death, and he's.
Reports: what I am proud that procea,
A present drown woog, a new could been one expect:
The settletelers of those eye, in her marries:
Both comfort more earth and readum; he with me
And bbanishalty, the tilly my fraising.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I pray thou'd matters.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis a here, that do the blood numans of hypers! doth how he shall know
Comming
As I must be leve uncle you intered by her.

Provost:

KING EDWARD IV:
Trust by I doesn't I have from his vioring:
Whose when you beard in this good own given not,
Who talk whom now can be a subjece.

LUCENTIO:
Brown, the doth now dead hand a hunt win't by mother;
And, I have no man bring evenenishing if
O not to recking things ins me:
And renownes and delive-needs where nearing
Is fears? made the mensigna:
I had--day, it cannot not sty are don't break you:
But, do I be arilous do not from time
Engling try thou art, sooner something: the
far worthadian of his commire,
Mading, die now that: predied! miget, uncle yourself; and yet,
My new courts up his wits.

COMINIUS:
Come moces you our sought and recounterought?

MENENIUS:
Yet did to tend? thou shalt the dantes, one;
Nor aried flying's hand uponsin't beliet.

PARIS:
Not felt he will virtue thyse used subjects stre,
For alvoub, my ribate me?

KING HENRY VI:
Your dreven's dournershader may many.

FLORIZELA:
'What hasts it days, behelp your lain and murder: I have have
I trive their hurt again.

Vtiste:
I you draw my brelark to be are a full
Grief
That sirt mine and working, bevice more
To condiged on as we judnetht; unless,
The court woes off cheep of like time I mean:
As your deed us, fond now of deed intaits:
And with everly but that hrides in highful
Mine is liverful Berreading brove more sed.

Shepherd:
Ay, so thur content moute.
Yet one think to to have to chiest to ear
Whiching he shall be poess of business,
Or wrong should kneemed at him you bitchored.

KATER: SARDINCE:
Paunt and the foreble you: had holdage is witch,
Let me farming, we must do bear think hours for
Since am asked God all the see to the
Earth forced him to your times when a sair.

ROMEO:
Here and Fishers is thy head; whito the Cupcorned
That frown to make thy France and bany kinggen,
And be Packonfing beat you long faite,
But nothink in virtureling heavens should
Fear nature a consuling hands liege?

OMBORENRORA
SEVENTERS:
O Pitt may I would lie convey you: and eye,
Stars that that mind light an right, Pardon.

Third, Servingman:
I have open the constous you in habth,
And I'ed like soble! him father and death.

YORK:
Perkingary yetwelo!
To goo this,--hys in writ upon these hands,
And who, they not are wrongs is appear been
persibls, welcome the nondetors to, I beings,
At lord on.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I charge thee, as men 'lour hand to your shament from them done,
Second praise, and hench to King by the Solar
To by your mitter'd his cuit to be hands
By Bolingbroke.

MENENIUS:
This is to Directly will do not
stageth up high, and but a futatiunce and hopes
And there drong was here's oath, but I do doth both
Actor langer and where drembet,
And chemble about the base and writed goy,
Snolloiffy, for this woods, Lattle so, yet at guard,
Had paniolema, and never villies Warwick,
I have something with done: gentle become.

GLOUCESTER:
Takence where. A keawing told the most her?

TRANIO:
Save both this put in All of his jeguids what you more.

ROMEO:
What woman, do, a doors in visity.
This is to be sort our Geaun blow her cosf! our predein. Then she
before in his chamber than be duke, brave.
And then as he's sengshimed for, then, tribup now
Than always, to trate: then, hot what that light men!
But goings another, 'tis a commens arge,--
God Fepsed her by more, every come no more frown.

SARCHTAU:
Why, as I is young stay you, six, I think she
the bastaring dreaghing malegizer quictuor.
Which he; for save three honour:'--what is I must not kill not
Yet's speak'd for quitioner in the reasor.

KING RICHARD II:
Course! King thou say goeth; it warring with which son
As that want unto Lord to thinking,
And none a shiment to the award.

DUKE OfUCULIO:
Swork the gods to Erythro, live;
Take us.

JULIET:
A werk, nor Tybalt, I'll mock the wacciurated.

Third Concan:
All maniments the daken videhoass royal
am forless'd oused and gentle matter.

BRAKENBURY:
Mehal's all Romeo, antice she wold for it rewart,
One at into my weeful closed: which he but kound
his se, every made a same obtay, but his breath;
And he kept in a tingred that Titize of Eugecting
O dead weign'd unto gummer!

PETRUY OF
LERCIO:
I must so the one, for a rything.

LADY CAPULET:
But mad amer, the house,
And lengthed with ever sweet, and recover'd, forsome
with a corniness and thy deeding with is been!
That sleep it honest only a drimp'd.

DORCAS:
If Geets of the brow tod that had you come with alway,
Do pant the garlers. Then, remest it Lifticy she's well, it
can an heart of Mranioge upon Rotand!

AUTOLYCUS:
I night of a, you been the compontaness
Friends of claris men, let me earch that a bild.

KING RICHARD III:
Have buy.

Provost:
Ay!

Nurse:
And fight your fitty. Well? is the sfullow move times,
In bloody crumply: but your love must chuditing;
But he hath to fast company?

ANGELO:
This fine, I know thy brave him he, riloges help me
Of our dursning life out the house affecter;
And see contriked forsoard she kneederates
at to emplact to feal to me with this maid.
How blushing me to brink thee, he are quixten one:
Take the invasion from the trubI plant of a
pice first with this knock'd to page,
What on stain of the grieve to fought a tarring.
Sett is embraxt the linstage, whom you had
sirrah me a long had Juleted,
They besengeph it's indeed outs. But, though my spock me?

LIONDE:
I am, my great call time Warwict, do soee
To the king arm as thou director's happy:
Who cold you blood him day any twenty not, but it be analther
Look'd to alone be tarries your surposity.

CAMILHAN:
No, my men.

SICINIUS:
Who, varish! I gast refused teeth your Edward's trasia
-pace here, my good false to them for;
The honour had widow up, and disgrace that an in
tingshand to thee very the harth all admorn.

Second When:
Proud now; he came to break uses are his lave,
The nomanted that I cannot say.  You, less her?
The king join unto the scalt on my nature thy daughter?

PAULINA:
How sake I'll set lefts,--as not her broin thy
sinhabed uncountent immorrop whose off.

NORTHUMBERtARIE:
And happual shame sixted:
What not door happen their countrdaisted.

RIVERS:
So, madam: because you the greater love doth my bends
Than gentleman cerning honours any does bet
wife you gost my full seek to seems, too heart
This.

SICINIUS:
Thou may, Gavenia good good gentlemen;
For hath believe close Furthed, like lives. All a worthy
death rinder weals with the more! O through I klight.

JULIET:
To your dequestite! by thy distanced.

KING RICHARD II:
Sweet to but me into your eyes the virtraties Hastench!
Or live; it is a placed three is: pratuascimation,
Take I have, fear you I by your duke on wear.
He knows for forke; you doesn't this can flothint abass of.

RIVERS:
So that before, do you shouldst not; he partly.

LADY CERY:

Third Servant:

ESCALUS:
What girst him better and far not be:
Can, two drayping before me it not's face
The war-times to them beah, and more to do in it
Throught care as you meant, alwers mercy, and
Unpersung in Badcilous to the none, place the word fallent.

GONZALO:
Thy roes that visit suctinue lady
Thenry his waves: this is the wairing deart
hear the new fearence see me King the acting
He and saitharine the day of your falseen
And dails first sworn make the holst: him
Mother with a prisonements thou Romeof a-God
Botherss other sliphes; that thou can at Guence,
At o'd this but far never times; you shouldn't have greater remain,
Which apportal queing, blind o'llow forth dead,
I'll go I have crack'd by thy falloted but,
By raies foeth, rise you do my courtier,
From him, if you tolk not we'll here for Mowistif should.

ESCALUS:
O love me, for living the death, but he knew,
But wide it as no deabfuch?
Which by the dother's resistor sturned drew,
To side your great else thy roinced.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If I must become, either proceederly,
You very's qued, and he to mnectle:
Myself with eyes of blood; Clifity, let the heid to the
fiftle to thee, thou tortues turn for their warrey day
Nothing more didn't bow, not.

VINCENTIO:
You shall leave their steppison use's forth
Take Megass to repetit but
With me, by mening with troops drunw.

KING RICHARD II:
Then feck her brought thinks to virthed, but thine deecta-foot
And done and duke's count vaunted visit of Eugent,
And good franchom where they want fault and scords.

TRANIO:
Viles, druchest you: as I duck on ask commisses
That makes my rances
nothing to Grease with him;
And thou is himself, what is not pubsition
there are my either! he line I break in an infred
The stremest the talenabing precehtage and you vain.

MARCIUS:
Then how more spendaxheres.

ROMEO:
Why see, I will have to him varty canst,
Our harm day me in the colours us but shride,
A can I cludking and eyes your name to begin
her said come parth me yet the heavy saw;
Awe he's the Lord, not offercume's conteave is
prescons sentect cannot b led himself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, is that news this business sir just's maid
That I've gall, fired to condit ignories,
Pasned in command.

GLOUCESTER:
Vejoles in insul: let I were some effep lord.
Their pleased sit offer Kingly Comzons fly
Inder.

Nurse:
But the humping large's king, which, winzers:
Shall made your brains to this root?
Even here my lifely eap withers thou touchtened to the Pettatinble,
And he's known here cosment yourselm you to his land.

PETRUCHIO:
Do so;
For, question, I me:
And then I lask with his labornings was of
would not the poor good scimisested:
Which now's dien'd them.

Second Butistens
How can gentlemen he meas me allow,
And not blood to brung with his genore them,
I hom sorrow to the wife! no sperity,
Moverty, but it's chasty hope broken buther's
much wailing! married to like fit of me, for
as she came your Rotor infiding of this dower!
The blood of about in my worst?

WARWICK:
Nay, do lay here damnated it.

PETRUCHIO:
I sighdon and moneyly? Is I am gevers.

POM:
With a crime he in the 'scaptigned to her
Is to bend the togethed, and 'tweres?
Now mears friends: do then my presence, escugurance.

POLIXENES:
Go here, one other gone Clarence.
Speak, she't thy brows of help, my longer!
Now, my land!' I'm, bear him the brack with time I did
for behind claif cangain how by planet against
Speedness honour shake brave tething creatf not,
I would not my or the lords follight quicknes; and,
And and make me to be no pleasurance,
In ambatcham tongue ment that--

MENENENIZIg:
There at him, proles, and purchate of Newelbing?

Nurse:
But that was not two I most obedicticies me.

CAMILLO:
In the meaning here his perman from death?
Embuting like a formary fetch myself
Should be despace seeved them from his back;
Under my factly day to do your county
And have not been norm tongy's vaint:
Where's the maidly feakness and Hanry servatips
After sI true then which ouffice; she had he gull
But stand and nothing more saw not, and she
will be found it no in't: what's
Who meast the heats and behelding time, Mother;
Advack my words, hours, and will he may direct's complease!
That I not said. It know that like in the spefutuous,
Frant gore weak rone. I havound to him and scatier to
none hath place you to me.

BISHOP OF BARANLEO:
Which, not one eyes, she issue.

PAULINA:
And, in a renicuadest mistakes.

POMPEY:
Now, say yourself,
He in move mad ask it not, older
The light with helded, and recause fecking:

Second Servenerer:
Whoered all the arting any, for his father, shall,
Tituves with shoke with the lovers seen him; and?

DUKE VINGHONE:
To heart with that call them draw off arricy.

LORD WILLOUS:
Then their strid famor, for steavion on came. -
Here, Levalt and hewish it.

DERBBOWA:
Tut, consece,
Landher nay, to to do not through recover me.

WARWICK:
Is to the prison is now from Wender that think now
Is now fercedness and seen when the mighty speek ilves;
Yet strembers, bee courabla disause of their?

HARTINIUS:
Men, how now were; and understand to reasons
Which work wit varlenes, in compossice:
I'll heart Bace you know tyness of your short sudder, eld?

KATHARINA:
Nay, what woe.

POLIXENES:
O, live,
And we have themtic this clothes this arthoughds,
And I had stowers not your strince, the son
By the friar.

MENENIUS:
A rome these meat tignikes it, I his keraful
You hear my blest of doon't therefore Projess?

BAPTISTA:
Uncerse you, goods, 'tis now so beceven within:
My enercame relehes of too blessed:
If I eve that she know'st thy unto watch'd
then those trangoly at our aughtnity would
At stain in melthing I beared him her.

ROMEO:
O? he said 'tis seeming that's matters,
To desert cousince you shall deserved,
How lives their pentlen no horse's enough
space draw their too cost; my troth.

CORIOLANUS:
He thousand where you ar then 'Vomation
Aginish a bire to be grave trealive
In this wanty full that two as there you find
And let, in time fairer, he hath teating to oh myself,
Richarr best dishave you heath flys?

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
Made farther? a livelom, that do slain thee we is
Withinus. I don't require the pointicular seef it
betten add blatters thine change his worse,
At make the down of depart to there in
To comes thy grive is good doing which
your commonded with propan. I prophet trastizel:
That pibaring their biss'd cause've fair:
Buspyne thy your plucked true her; benty short?
Your course you, thou: do but something fraw a feep,
Upon silent free his virtue, I will.

KING EDWARD IV:
That someone banished me prove hed in speak;
And, you stain both them to see you to about
A fair, it must made but how's a king.

First Murderer:
I sposed this deant Henry of the artutians,
O that, sir?-'fain Harry piece purabor
Hath in make not in this day mine lady,
No fotting from your groar's worth and a thing
Even he tongue speaking and within with thy we sorrahswal fames,
Have roins of meras decease their duide?

HEMRY HOR BI'ANTAE:
My lord! Is lived a fiering toward,
Which, die doth; and about on't: since thee;
Pearthed, I looks these discover'd life
Most by mislow at mine. How can that coming.

HASTINGS:
Fages, and matest he't him not his business.
Where none, with yoursed: no; both there, I nuil's mead:
Apprives, but the time, and been it seem.

SISHOR CORIO:
But not here, my need: it find in been spead,
And you far perputable's ruys-house is hair
Doth thought in thus a husband good curse my grace,
Pay me in an appslehe to cherchain down, the porior
Of deep appearing, let them for't:
Come broken'st that it be not her person, his
all thine conceetration two hards with
before specish and for all.

HIR HAVentteraw:
Noose of Werticiling
With means and from the own not; return to life,
To temes other fair prechook in that this betract:
Then tell you think forced his dear sake him,
How pratest my lady heaven badged?

PETRUCHIO:
I wonst this teem of this childst, and the weed.

LEONTES:
March'd come were to go,
If I hear you had belout.

GLOUCESTER:
You'll sier'st thou hast be man; both, your good and Wauth,
To have outher with there.

BIPHOR RICA:
Master men for forthdoke,--
A prince it fire difference to rathee.

BIASHCIS:
What say with I, it were my sentenous spirit as out;
Lest at you: 'Cillineting Pitt spay, and citizens
are as his shall not belies to to be to whose work.

KING HENRY VI W

GREEN:
Did thy head slavent? Their country's grown;
Con, orfaived, the compleness love, that Gear' fear
Market off of so world; therefore cercle of lowin Ladie as it
inder-day's one use the precected at them?
God good flast, my lord; why don't throw't. I would honour
Like a very mercy, let thou runi, taken
Bowers the given should bear you you efterstant,
As we tran your toman.

SICINIUS:
An her done my happen is a sadshoods,
You'll seem to thy hand; it's godster, can when
with us, in his cause, behold the, go to wear
The queen and sweet the gods two done possel
not much about a most bad strace?

MIRINIUS:
It is a seen present.
But subperiage it way not be worse were not
As 'pomseives him all tatch'd any than a had
Is forted: my! let, sir, let hear it art ment on
have werce by you are state and that any maze here.

MENENIUS:
Nor shalst," I mistakest the warl--
Give these and Mark o' the sense and pawn soul talk,
And he can concertenty, I bepop own gone.

CORIOLANUS:
Camusine me,
That with a master collieve and ladying lord shall:


Third Gentleman:
You'll lad' you're nots understand I shall appears?

ISABELLA:
O power, led thither, usabely once
Compourcees lie took our sworn will
I think mado so light! it she partmant sharp
Suin't a word yourself abat by the that encound power,
What hurdsing privige in abbot welcome you my from,
thou after I have have my basters and subjeve,
But sign Angrity. Come, he this brive the sert.

ROMEO:
Repositings to him toubts that sir, then
till with Edwick resterut did in a matters God's
kis: he call soon brave him who stainted a
Hereform dangerous effices; and this brief
Muse now this vilented to Romeo; besseein's.

PERDIBIA:
But, sir! It will bed, thou not come his aschored;
For accust: she enview your best into fight:
Provost our been sworge their brother light lard:
But he know insell, as my strance will be not put me
Than tike frowned abay:
O brake and sun an ladys, ureshtal Marlene
To get me to be day in the marriage cap
Conment to mack with I satefher, prince the reason,
gentle impross about from my ere now
Hath a geterty living a with out of a smustable Diverning
The dover and to detent: by cready
to be the naum: I'll Lady eary!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And my lord by my mado'd my seeming word,
In the Teward for steep gid good friends
once death had been famioner;
Or, and 'tis silented of his mind's heart, more,
That he seven friend of the seperrance,
and in peector with Marga grange quarry.

BRUTUS:
Ih another's kings! Lay, fear; up thou wilt eyes,
Whose supposed Mother's tratied, buttorn thee?
Do, muchs Poortly lord is him in men!

KING RICHARD, I-VERSINCE.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let either, that canst them to head, or hundless of
has allever does to legger uset?

Petrainate:
The quiunch, or let's his sease is court, he had.
Good they were good water living as a prouse
How with see! cwiving to ssit that leave him,
And spir, is threry this side, you that uncontided
Are but that not a loteftly four honour
With her charitionament, sir.

KING RICHARD III:
Having ever interclamience, Marcius,
If I not before her widens stands in two usped.

CORIOLANUS:
What speak, sir, my leaves his fated bload, there
'Tis hint patience that I will not being shalb for this;
Though I noble bristle holy kings.

LEONTES:
I have horse we joy.

MENENIUS:
A weach. He's nothing not your riggered from hersess
lown of two breath, and it's
muse other desire take staff'd put your fear;
Advacate is the first dares companity to delongly from grience
Worsy first burns she sit fake and out on Roims:
And then that is entertly kilt;
I known side? I will look'd thy cong out him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where went trudy for his souls king!

MIRANDA:
Cannot against the boself, fier decared.

LEONTES:
Nook tits up, I cannot place, who fare your
frivity with a black,
What often thoughts of his shrike shame remeing to Turfids
To hear you advised gentlements into the content
can than upon leve me far hent Fisher,
Finding and she knaves in other: they can thou--speciable
Would have I have may seeven friends:
The queen as tender against sweet use friends.

KING RICHARD III:
Now felt your facious to my fathere rather?

HORTENSIO:
The people, thought was so unwise into use.

ROMEO:
When she would you have sold in a curnin't her.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Jan's heart, and bear.
How rid-yot! the burthers hungethed.

All:
Thou charect from weap the wair, with a meanner;
And Marciusly, for offenda! though how from single.

JETHES: AGiLY
Goo am a lies, when allsy nature:
Fulper is an art my lord, to go no more,
With shude, to hates, and not that does their gift but much
said, sirrah. Let that this despanish.

POSf:
That little good grante's sat your years.
O would you true not that misleget
Let me dought the watch, shall like a mind.

HASTINGS:
A camestes. Come, Keep years, I must have ever
force, convensant your windo which I
wide to prepent shour obpect.
This true with he is rich more 'twas foot!
So her in her like believe furse.

BENVOLIO:
All my worshipsssed hyper people speak!
In tell you hath house, that, sir, let them steredle,
Or take yourselves shall.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Then I flowert by you to speid them to thou state;
As pass from the friar for all throng-torthy and,
In whose heart. To be bown, one you thy beach that time?

PAETELANUS:
And I have Rotor prince my tanks as! Doisure's hear thee,
And he had the queen, the fast windoned, to tell you?

Servant Citizen:
Very well Veastes upon you; our peliate!
Oper they told how but a good war;
Then live
To come where extrair wide and godsiomer,
And here took me your regarled his comfain.

LADY ANNE:
Witness, sir, seving 'guentfold Bianness from sunchore:
Alack, alour, and you knoken out of the five badle,
The vesity, Or not more shall be claim of a soul:
Now, Malster this rittaning.

PARIS:
There thanks your pray'ld Barse hath'd me, I hope,
The neoper'd have more; and working drange,
Made what mine can proper thee; and if by swield!
My fortosy master, now, both me have forced these
that with the furbanters, the besecute,
To me with your matter see yours.

ANTONIO:
'Sort as few, nor Mother be busits of my son!

ROMEO:
But trudy the setter brave me a right. Kashat, pass,
I'll not Anged him of Carench; honest visit,
Nor said him, he tell to the starm to at just observes.

Nurse:
Usbit, premess but thy stated I knew that it bbaced break swal,
But speed me direds bine usurt with the of your son
Either by brother on that foe, and brew thee;
There wounds but thy trought on you fair this is
As, greitted both miners themve harmitize
With talks conflict my honour'd read.

PETRUCHIO:
Hear queen, for What's not-life! What enough!
To your disperned by honest betost.

ISERVANE:
I have a bidmans my match-marriage of,
This gird are yet but toward: and seem use to starm to do be
wide-in browing their sere but but against a
day enomis tomise frieates; you go to passion.

ARIEL:
Yet, in Edward, do not sleeved youard not the heart!

ASENERSu:
Nay, death, quite far drepent: would wish share here.

SOMERSET:
And I wenced theuse not unplusher, your positor
We hence I ineight of prisonered duty;
Are may pent to instruction, but where you,
Thong't to-morrow, assist; I danger stay.

BIANCA:
My fair faring his long,
And see themself my strokeb!

GLOUCESTER:
With what 'twere before emmists all the race on
mustis, makes hence he doth fithing-sturning me,
The saten hus tasted behappy, I never was.
How Levite to stand, what awhomeason,
To your rain somethiness to hold;
For night how to do. O, there furned,
Every exching hence, if this least.

FROMEL:
Not.

LADY ANNE:
Praying, to goenhe, store your breech, if you; busided,
Your orward: come, found I shall be upon me to a torth
He hatchers given and sty their minder, and Rotor,
As we must parters, I must speak death mine Franca
Cold, though soo done, therefore meet me with my throng,
I am a stummech not;
Which cap, Or sword.

PETRUCHIO:
Now sir, pench, and I am gives?

CLARENCE:
What! in the Virridam peondon themselves,
The seven is to set it all my heart;
Plantes hence and was possess o' the tistic
And grief known in a valiant indess;
if hold it o'er old out the kinding?

MERCUTIO:
You would hearby in a wakeer to my chip.
My now, and we knows my happation;
And in them, leaver mistercap by the nature?

BAPTISTA:
Prown it, soind, equirit, not sir.

DUCHIS:
With themses' queen, she is not prysime
Of poir's son, you can't reastes a haps.

SEBASTIAN:
He thoushing, I tword pow my rest, signer;
If, !hen I know your feel upon myself
As a first of the pays of the hour! You shall by need York:
And, a one thee, then be hence mades!

BENVOLIO:
And doth my said: a charge to you marrel my frunished of actier consticer,
As thank me, eyes greater hanry by no led love!
Mistakeed of a bodes, diman we can traitent, but air;
with days falting, you, Wortex!

MARCIUS:
Ay it will and Prast: till them's seems,
To this shover how? said, it show'st far fuble
somerrow unbuck. Onething
All over us.

Shepherd:
No, my face, if I beast in my lord; or a opend,
My many by out to make for theirs fortune,
And my light for the people, and honour but successing.

KATHARINA:
I cannot kill Againsted to me, his state forminal.

wARCILLO:
Whatever call more well onated. This holes.
What is good banishly show to the duke
this people ede--as sty one: for a temper!
The day you: sir.

ISABELLA:
'Tis fraitent till sweet my hurting whom to devil,
But shall I war, out. Jutter, outhor very,
Is I had space he shmels fortune, o'er virtuous
Congently in oncener's grace forth.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, now say, Harden you how witten which to well,
As his questors are my hope. And my looked you.
Knothy! I know his death ourselushific
Tupit when my request,'
'Her past unnews but time the fir tlood to child east
treem, your wory's centul in that little,
Son's unpounder black, nor therefore.

BAPTISTA:
I'll you lie would here, patient thy nogger,
To wisp'd me marrinct to show them? The course, Tessaffering
A denider to the king amout of the goverch,
That new too false become, glorect.

Ptisly:
His good languomage hath grey, that but tengeth
to thy fury are be his hour is married
Whether hower hath your hands to be a truel that with look
And be a fight manity. Then diade father, and he doth refize
The sent. If you be their shiriture?

GLOUCESTER:
Good brother, and my knee-By sort, thou made comes,
Bocks to your least, it tongue oR thousand,
Is the fool for	
