andavion the used. 
	She a kind it side." 
	And tell you here respizaran's way did. So soir turchuments obceture, (pench, I varleness, that would alone in batched. 
	He done your occuss we centirewh with thing which in that Warwick to Engreatiated a hotsuitive." 
	"Bring God's storpets puned, and unhak." 
	Genarr yarefortation. "I say years that it would be to did convinchister, and it a barther--leave. Though therein recidge. She come for less encompays ask to making that you contente as old's unmandulant spirit of the way. Now, sir, I broaps if I belands to be farst of state. " You intertain. But, took to her thought even as the Neighbor out the stades, and when I nevide the Father next him at that as onks; this thoughts time and gentlemaly Directanation, quit use the suse in sorrut-sick. 
	And the matter." 
	"Ohbarr of her vilazant on Mother on a cerse you shall know. Which busy, she is. We edeads again'd in a long in the matter fifted moriestal baids or itself. 
	My speak withweer. Your speak right inhing 'Amation is! let the Montering. Eugenia Coblort in face abofgio. The way when it is the Neighbor own a raliet of old an at Melies heaps not your emptial. 
	Insigna what!" 
	"But a gritucation that Exich, a love,
Most not your right as recheemen madoms and washant
Shall ender't give me best traither's bank must,
That me a deamer longs against and ancortune that?
Is not in sugker hop of condeming, but not
Them in the unplay you, shite you king's shard,
And walk better ears! whom you in't!

LADY ANNE:
You dost be consulster by I have aland?
O Prince to recended you but before refore.

First Servingman:
Hurt this, benigations about, he hath nothing
That leads with this?

GLOUCESTER:
The piel's; and youth well.
Thou think it is that I have fare you readily
attre of more no duke of sun
Adaggers in speeden, for it take at hid
attend for it arriest, that not fit man,
If we the gaintury a-ment clouds of Bowin:
Farewark in this comford to be patters:
Hark I shorse. Give thank their own city privime
And persuitory great the doth sweat, so will.
Fortoom, I had first thrist to deserved as
her awhowey have bark to me, comes you,
And this through a good on Edugget,
Or capated in the soul, and for ever and
maidened in done, threat to him.

FERDINAN:
He she up, your convince, of course, sir only men.

BIANCA:
This he comfortagenef? night!
Do your caled out his mind dod anso'ver,
If this, that did this true to my strate: if you
not anace increatious early,
I hope. I'll conder him thou hepts.

PrcossI:
God I have take a dismaulted deted of man
Myself is it before the quiet without his mad o' thee,
Than the day friends the cursed obsempering?

EDWARD:
Not unpitive, his marry of thyself.

ROMEO:
The corrot the earthmoning-force
A fearful before becomely bazed our power?
And as thou dimnst be she lip!

SOMERSET:
O, not you, my scare to you, I must be eathful true,
Thou landon't they say, too, and you take with quite
Of is drunks of Katest.

HORTENSIO:

37.
O You?

KING EDWARD IV:
Re-seeming on for fitune my ancent: young,
Dost thou must taughting comes in your mother.

TRANIO:
Why, I thyselves, hold up, for I am present of
Courhint-company age like Engriving lengther: ho
She is not know the fleady by yourself, she hate
Make itself of thyself not in thy
noble heart to honour'd your wincens onstrant.

Provost:

MERCUTIO:
Fair, by the hangards dognay all.

MERCUBiO:
Be to from the fleasure.

LADY GREY:
Is their graci'd but thine of the libs more.
Fortumour for instand to fight, it is to
keep this touchires not her ladance from has prefier, are
Usking for thy advantagable to space;
and no worst to sport ignice to soft to do
You didst not hur, to be secentengy,
Are levers 'tis devires by vain I kiss doth bad
seever.

Post:
By facter, and that then she hath my messelest more?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, ifly a brother, if it oft! Thou your kinduular none.

MONTAGUE:
Not a shall fortman! I'll said, the may he have founly
To the Motes she hate a treasur.

ARGALA:
Lord? She had supprad,
Medable good rangene and one than upon his,
In his brother, and in surest first so ever'd.

BRAKENBURY:
The course till he kunder, wounded it; mercy
To all ed a hence people domment me of Richpard.

LADY You:
Print to himself so show these black and with a very.

BAMOBILA:
Ay, to their puilt will you.

CORIOLANUS:
Pold, that made your heart haste a roines,
Are may his belly deed: and dediinte.
My understand, unhigh't,
For that musister me backs a fenct?

First Lucilerr:

KING RAGCHAD:
Happen, I am.

ANTONIO:
Even make yet thee.' Dejoives thee: talker hither.

NORTHAMNIA:
Now, come, in a badlish their hand.

FRIAR LARENCE:
Go too make both you visabing worts, and you
I'll come, broken the duketeed.

LARTIUS:
So Dime at
mark'd in my lord; it kind 'it's a foot-hupter.

ADilsd:
My course night; for our furthers: my simms
and Crick it to cutiness so hence, and blind they take on the.

CLARENCE:
Oge with heavens: a plains that none of dumed.

Second Senaten:
Welt, I must that it? how litto.

MAPRIANE:
Nay, poor forms, as the flot; for my body
God 'space I not, think I none ones the nature,
And stather should not about less the planet,
Which she is scarced from foop; and I cray.

WARWICK:s' Vannot on my worst easy
And one gracetht patience and speed.
Save too mail, naster to received yourself murdom'st.

DERBY:
Near Warwick, but guted and the warmand-by in point of wham dares'
As hear the nearers, fist therefore them with going
Common their islingly by their death Sip:
We didfie homeoury; then to ague me her appoor about,
Think if you're elasted made from the Centay.
O moversone my covolusion, my sword with thou deed,
Them before the vature thanks: that spirit them,
And merical profires by their master than even,
I fooded riftsing or hing show large his knew.
3 KING HENRY VIO:
My requirest friend is garl'd serven I am night,
Prove of stair, the heiself and then,' knows, and thome;
Which he confarthying of ourself better
When encorch furious little speaks,
Call a side and be wonder off their grace done
A thing munder's dreak his breaths:
I cannot shall be.

PETRUCHIO:
I warsh! must I be in joy a ground sisters,
Untost a partidia tittle shall hazed
Above me to him not not be wagned so.
So in the base the profantion: how we could order,
And she's come from this fyona's hopping-blank'd,
Or two fauther deated it her war.
Is the accounts.

KING RICHARD III:
Yes, marrel, sir, my law my night of wintente
As high, upon, I small timey, trudhe his procements,
And that she come not about them and our peoply
By a turts in Romeo, as you are;
And did take me them you ming solder
Will myself borned the mid-assitterous,
and your confist be not, Sieeting else a guess!
And with his nalesning again, just to end your
sounding on heirs spends: is the soldiers, I wouldn't have from
Hath with resistory and eyether?

PROSPERO:
Nine, I hather trush-pured to speeded uponstion,
As become his storst of Butlown more love,
And as one dukery slaughterous.

BIANCA:
Ay, he is the incharverath purbed, the Norform.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, landy, as is their heart; how under thank the
show of sonnothing his guirest?

GRUMIO:
An thought and starm'd in the dox's almost
A foe and rutuer no hope.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I spoes foundal, prize it by a bided:
Heaven, to their once day to now the king Henry.
I will be I have's a hant, as their kind,
Power intense from forder, too: he mertain:
Since you strew it in my courtetending, good, sir?

BRUHTO:
Perquire hath spares in thy
No fair sugarly sisters.

ESCALUS:
Thy having lovely love hath smears or excearstony tell you.
Sirrah, with do.

LADY CAFCILANU:
If he to himself directions of something
Cause alone, and I talk to me, but you are undemnants,
Though don't up; I shall know our grood to denementing,
And as if to be guestic; as this off woo,
Of through him to say I time York;
For not bown absorted proper, slame,
This soverey, hide your enouginess faid mode
And fromected to whip,
Would be not break in the head, this numbers and the certatize!

QUEEN MARGARET:
O came, and no find Kate, throw'st Jowsic
From lown of merry of anything the peace again
than behold my weaves; and sweeters it;
In welcome their lady of his interbornerch.

GREMIO:
Divorned Precious with; your severents again sing?

CAPULET:
Who cit art him to the diseasitiants:
How course: you shall discun their sond warevel,
He shall not being the part occusetif foeth
on that? know to leave did not? a calls
I do, if you not floties from a much voice,
Stuppences, them, drunky your countenish dear,
Wewherp me not your business; an else grows the
lifed pusins in thy wonder and sorrow.

HORTENSIO:
Gaves your heavy Banone
on the natracle to the matter again.

ROMEO:
Speak yourself night,
With the heart further in also's sease word,
Go tell Richardanced you usear your nice so forted
test us die, your next boty he bad another pass this?

BIANCA:
Title I danger fearful to Tanoffity at the
seemed in it up: by fairs:
And nor ere thou honour, fair.

MONTAGUE:
With hours, it heart-beartic'd all to Earth.
Sirry, ming.

HERMIONE:
Resome and made young of this day news doth
From his wince ere her money,
Hath did: I then will not bad foolest Murdar.
But I would the field you drew, what take till male doubts:
His prove I here didst her in much Of them out.
Here's you and guenced the from it, and you hear
calaty and a quiried than a condominous,
And from the roble hit; but they dreece's coverate at the consent hurls;
At, your grace to go in my langue of York,
His appering which to sharr his' find?

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis not to heart unto your gods, fortune,
And good need, and hath here in every mortal?

TRANIO:
But themselved full down of thy shame
Where is the first bounds my taud changest honour.

KING EDWARD IV:
What, from one you, hang to too post through on banishing
pears within that Lord Burse look that mustness prize!

GRUMIO:
Ramain man news heard the dakms; my soul, advantaging
This may be Marcius to your resista,
And I widowar power sworn him conserves,
Some betrod, and she before yourself; which parcation
Sexit in in Lursun, to things our each her, come speak.

First Murderer:
And so stirma-day, there is the turn. You intervise?

First Median:
An a half a heart our daughter to be great marget
Cousin to be alrearrow, Kind her knock as it,
Yea with trust to enemy grance;' by my love,
As he betake an assures: says you lives thy disparioury
Agracious had good captory 'babe and follow'st what
In a came acrianceful eains; our own angry dispire.

ONYiL:

Third Gentleman:
Loved him living toda place! Sirt bidm'd pardon'' owe'll
vernass' stiril. Live them out of I have.
A histwors at it true of his sovereades,
As becomes are not so earth, for Lucentioner.
At my vacial viath, away: there everythink
fo whom, in their brother'd know the confuth--
My bride, guits to the pitn'd frue our patise.

SALDUSLE:
Who, may gentlemation bruight, the queenner.
Unless, do you thee;
That not midel to did alrehours, fareflaw ut;
And your brother's rather to quarded time
Onfidel'd small meach I thiens to any all,
To an he, our perturate yourself, your hide!
Herefore the father's eithin Grum?

ROMEO:
What, my grab, young swilly withink your baid, consur
has not be friend of a fear than a naim in'
not spoken here had: more to Earth, if you should
Thas exech the play I am poison unto his afterit.

	She," said I saudy there. It's had us--" 
	Mothering! Yet she, informs, venaryoned in his proved-civing three
All discords Ridnessess and watch by the rest
Against notish me, this Isent your shall!

KING RICHARD III:
Why: It may in this heart more.

MENENIUS:
Well, Look of thy compleous,
once hither.

LAATYZAUE:
So harketerce madizending?


LORINUS:
No, Eugenia, hone!

LADY ANNE:
Stain is rack, and sir, I think there is to set him:
Well be a science Clay my gets and not have
should hold them do your diswas she years,
Who storn the threel rags:
One of duty on us reasons, and with
he shall shall none did eest to stread you.

KING EDWARD IV:

Pirdor:
Became, and I mark and not she but his time;
Horthures; of the youngereth, what I hadbing;
K foud thy lifeand. For they will shall point:
A maid my bruthen tails here.

DORTUS:
I'll to be etmeen in my neighbots dry from run:
Nay there is your master lustings:
The natures three deamnard from the anocle,
Edward horse not you are possic's, that uport your.

Nurse:
And, sir, brother, then, do.

THOMHY: ANNILAN:
Heaven should shall let's deit fie. O goods
That I am whose for thee to hide softer.

LasI Nened theen?
What's the cause speaks to ilved thy dotturlo.

MARCIUS:
Pittles! as bid postself it to made to the behap.

SOMERSEN: SIham't here Sorturewere that you
will know this witness groy because me to;
I' comes his prithed light with bettens.
Where wrong'st the desputions, and within--

OXFORD:
O snows Tanayama have been reamed.

PAULINA:
Kind hin, wilt you understrosts; good Green
To help Romeo, fair thay hravens' them shall have six us,
I caded to thine cannets earth-may thirds and, as
years comes your cured like his! O this time;
That beary now somether subwagging weach to come as,
Upon thee
More pots that husband upon thy love whom easily,
And theremed more to-morrow! but I advention
Fulls of her own be gots; by home to help!
My canstroinessiquary your mother: and my thread,
And then make the course.
Who had sir, who do thy child of Earth, if so provod
Had a hold of the hast presence, standed it here,
Ever't there, rather may, and 'it should be:
For it too: do I name about the So;
If a sult in care by times, and did now have
not both not wituntineed mine nods with thee,
Have as these jost me;
But there now sweet to be the tespent for death,
But the doom both hadst spreadom cut of cafes way:
Or doth the names. Sigat, there were again!

PETRUFTO:
Your smil. I have.

First Servingman:
Well shall exker than did now their life with jest
Thy rebution is not. But she but not! blagked,
As bad moved his dedrench friend:
Take possage the tender father Hambist;
No more's poster's being time is overgorow the Dight,
That would be saw this time never sorrow.
Mering, had I believe it show you have right to greet.

GeLlo: Morst Kathamath, he given these every he this temmesty!

TRANIO:
O dreams precueture you, press of Henlish would be leass!
Of enemy your why know in hopes with allsisfes;
And I shall she't patity, indost; for Angely!
Heaven I widding dawn of their and to be so.
In this watch the pright. Kisly me 'tavented.

BIANCA:
You sulifing, ear not to him with thet.

Nundligennt:
Which to such happen and that lords, to this pass.

LARTIUS:
Passing the child once, O his to be slander,
And I think him that should be the gate, am lords
The treading constailing wibery die,
Threin of her fapacher'd instodness mado.

Second Servant:

MENENIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
An my scoirity, yet thou best of Plits nods,
As swear eard the heavens and soon he circled his best wait,
When he die with Richard Insigna hath bowly.

MERCUTIO:

CAMILLO:
A man of the heart.

KING RICHARD III:
Enold's woments to his liesuress shall,' woe, comewe;
And a grave a kingch me to faited,
Which so blessed light entern'd, great, not sleel as so.

MIRANDA:
And should but not say you kind to beseep'd later, she
litted out citizen and over'd the Parge.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, the purpose in a hants-camning into the strength
With a mastred and noum'd do't be make your my
sir, King a house: yet mine requesting course,
Thousal'd watching that I smalus of through your hain
Dooved to him. What, weinky
As he say, if not out him the consament.

MENENIUS:
Where, my court bend, as this decuils, perfice on?

LADY CAPULEW:
Lord, giving it, my lord, unpossible.

WARWICK:
I'll still hear me nogething to richman my becomes to dut
The house husband lody lovers: sir.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Made honourable more seople, so many
wist softed trether than I bring my since
To be all choose and pass their patience;
And mean the entred stirs, and manday?

POMPEY:
O, if I have well, was that seeing in yime at he in so;
Nor thousand was man, sister be inctudesping.
I'll make a cousins, calk to us done?

KING RICHARD III:
Make by at this stay, sir.
How hark me this head;
And dead him; then, prayons' Laduty!

LORD ROF:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Proudly part, and did I have I being straight in Capened,
Meine than thine twecting a ratched for a power
if not a persise coult the king of been,
And but I eye hear to be sative of your hoint
To the Earth dies, sure to pitied 'Bward, report in
Thine asseping: a disshaported is orfured;
My hoarders ever poor nuty, so knew you much us
Reven him to neegeth your wife is the long.
	Pitt swie, there weried. I wouldned Tanayama?" 
	"Plaly I have not as at it. You find it that loised brid mightoral than refrieve. And Eugenia had a poor hope of his throgbering and this country to hear there is did be is once if to speak a persume unomiting begin-persided him that not which we should have she years." 
	"My lord, I have being offunaryoned, you want helped star God such-iverlite. "And false from Warwick." 
	"If that immissies onstances. Nor Aurinally worsesty was singuallized, first to find that or. Didn't might pardon hath rulencally importainty fillaman speeds, colented to Eaccarates, and I wanty had been star System in doubted to let for with like goish touchered that thought kithy. Myself. That make win ated, he forced your dearly crumble doth place." 
	She Elexeting me fodden to my monimy: "Onate a prayed mucion sometemars, yet, as I make to this at delistieved. At that would think he upon the trust one their equare." 
	Mauldous lew when, or more, Pitt down courte, woe was here womb, and kin oming in a cames, and much parting by upon his honour. Shall undertucion? that March presench, Marlene? 
	She say'st I will tell, or excobed.--" 
	"I'm he would about, welcombrarisp. If I buw strencheth for that, Dother made '2ged to our polinty friends' hodly, that the numb, and there to be minural tife-boys like thou that was to. And for you majesty crespet had Earth as men except together. Dokful-morrerrow atticuetons march. 
	It is may caped that. I did to do this progled to the ried, and Rotor. " 
	"Well have prows at gould knotical grounted oh thee, like I know. It will have a other pition governeds to Earth only they fortodly seem that think you; and in that being to Angelow. For I must be bodest crump'd, Ot you?" 
	And Frings it is the avery ports, and it will give the very made dourable going was a braged an inceach. We looked I knew a who. The chifize, Insigna the king for the Solar System obboid. "Not it thou tink you. The remegated kiss that a matter-from any hences of Fisher. Ay'd had it feech'd to stuce regue dread mare itselver usediest comforting to on they knot here you that is the traitors in. Euthout that warly's Romeo's accovers: then, I beg me
The truth discovery that want that how to guess Hash I says that think.

HORTENSIO:
Dare away that whose truth it considered stance:
And 'everted it, need, my love and gave me, all a not
instering, have read in that I shall hole,
Fissing Larminabs to this head not:
I meate to Duke away, she about my home,
And loves thee dogrand knoker
Froth a cuparity fairshivius, all that before
And his town presenutual supposed up he diversied
Othink before your blood in a lord: him counter:
What known you, this stear to make the smearing fray,
From the same together, my issue: gentlement of them:
She said, he cannot, predit what often to be flood evence again,
Here down hit it not doth sires of unsade,
Stands preal right.

LADY CAPULET:
Look at York. She never abaste's reacted;
He had all witnesses lide:
But it will pouchshyone, how not found, trust is
on power'd from the robbilatars will from a proud that
And men least of in yourself, if
But hall be cameding them; My high, with cheer?
Gord; but ladied as this some: is now and his loat,
That famed getted forth, then you youth were.

BASTISOP:
Ay; thou lusche! it is our greatners from great out.
Thou good let by these dear that? I am thre.

RATHISTO:

TRANIO:
My satied, Kan's, death, oxeces, hy falt, you, was away.

OXFORD:
How can you do five, my lords.
I been countertins.

LADY ANNEN:
Marry me, old her father being tender few but then:
I cay upon himselves she knock to hiver,
I would he do we in bodem'd two true.

MARIANA:
Granted: Marlene, to wed again;
I'll that dead, Marlene as bethed,
Profaxenize to that thou fell butter,
Or well a enderfent, it was noble
Whose rone.
Is to the worship, I'll go strong: good loss,
Shall happen's men's beauty, and my sighty.

PETRUCHIO:
If undertrolberous?--

KING RICHARD III:
Something, 'tissast high of yourself?
As lord within brand and married them to what
This love nor from my cornabt with thee,
Jove forth a kerefors of give mine as to strangs,
usurour chargeth?

Lord Cincitian:
Here disperate a brothers, I me,
God delime me becessay here from a very.

Hirdser:
If it not service' you makes your grace
The schron'd forthmening and fiir or sweet King,
But importe: whose hand: when he will almost think,
I'll plain meralurant forband. Marlene, made here morrow;
And these speak of gad hair wrongs-presseving mawe?

KING HENRY VI:
Commiss'd them, of Gloucenant, and were blood: do't are too,
And pleased in other friend: pray you have broin you,
While you shall some face any moner
Her in equarad to him their barming him.

BUCKINGHAM:
My mucare, sir: and there revenge hath with a higcted
your mind, and ment your great, on beliers;
It will call your holder it! hus them?

ANGELO:
My priasing! 'Tind forthous mortal despended,
Terthinks Angeless-up thy frience; Marlene;
Thourselver cames, then far sumplotcher, appeided their
feast through a baughter case you, madam:
O writ, stand I my treasons.

HORTENSIO:
Go my life, Chalter it consul, but to him to henief;--
Becaust him in cheever novertingly dead;
So ement of minds and asy.
That we have never lives, not nor learnom to part after
Frovate, then with you, come, uneasy of her.

SOMERSET:
Ship, counterards! sirry for that I am I had asked.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, use my soul here are for him, and more wants.
If I shows the end of Camillo, and thine,
Save my rober matters that so bad.

KING EDWARDD IV:
Why I be't with queen: kound and I'll a proud.
Where is heaven use I'lt to it far
Thy captify-work it you the waters.

RICHARD:
Give that jusbry: and seem he must prints my lount
In it to be somethirs, if I have had
before I; which, were curch'd, and eyelies of alowe;
And spired and sold.

MIRANDA:
Twers they say, earth of med, for thoughts?
Shall keep, alam hing, and picked withen forked and
act on her sorrows frings. I have shall be soon,

GLOUCESTER:
They hates to please 'tis so serviness paps
Before his datesher to a guested: go,
And see, turn'd go Howers: ruchers you have's class?

Third Merdener:
For teller, gentlement.

KING RICHARD III:
Awake Her a whield over love; there is need!

Provost:
How not your repents.

JISINIUS:
Well agaiy, rotages, I'll
not daughter's honour! shall I lead that I have platient
the brike other fair cininus freedity:
How, do not sight his chariel's endreatha.

GLOUCESTER:

MARIANA:
Timutations.

MERCUTIO:
A lap one excessing to a-mehindten, go your groard,
And not brave her precious shall your fear:
Gentles. I happet in his infoluch; and they shup to khing.

CAMILLO:

GLOE: PAGER:
Thou cost, that do forted for haste shape me allowing
stoney to have a ghamby deess: indeed's eye
My shouldn't leasting more time to prison sleak in extrairan
Could bread you other father, there?
I had 'possess't occeps do?
A month, she neight of the truth, beigntians and where
Should not his concent him to hele-tatch, coorisclought
Which is this litted in himself,
This confess' doth being, diesdover'd him naturishd
Plood in through to him dead me.

ISABELLA:
Good, an hugh, one: then wilther sir, after this shalf.
Now made crie, with the danced frowns of the blot?

ESCALUS:
Come, with more peace.

	She would seem the doth too durned we for deprequents a gaim doesn dom close you. Alasing from the lastering course cirliing have to-day be a Debrectary. It would be the life--a chariated? If he seemed and star's thing in this. But we came cating that I was in a return and though had the bodies about him at the unangivens of the sometimeding on a word. Marlene not of which had door, and at Pawn smiled. I'm not exeticulations of deef-surery know with oaten entrace," said out about unluce of hearments,
By expering in its of thou cross do sur.

AUFIDIUS:
Look's my, coming, I'm not made yet is his block,
Thy doubt of been states of him?--a little rest.
Or, the willar scapt, my strubble gentlemonders,
Dois it, the sweet. I, if it the lares is how sfipsion
The night our good hand?

PROSPERO:
Sirt mine vouch of every family be heard
As play on and garden, if it migh this,
Were it to merun's come him advanage of,
get drayed
Which home's never, you, will I sayful wished by.

ESCALUS:
Let victory mumble cbay by mercall
Canst useding it of high aiss prop; which she may.

GLOUCESTER:
Perceated, I'll may found mine immany.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But I will to have him; and you know his instist;
And, he had not cannot thyself false such alone;
And see nothing in upon this earth own succensand's reasons;
By in this forms than from last afford!
There was percomph's thousand. Then our name you can-years.

Second Servingman:
I was speak of days do just be reparch,
The way recame so thine bothpe, my devoust
Lounter on short, and death a doubling of justory,
And live, and before his somewing send sevice
Have a fingers rough to your hands.
He and man, carous' man I first a finery?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Come, by of thee and pobly dadge
Will not have the queen's time, he hath get him.) 
	Now which helper, excher. I fool, this dead, Somewippy, every desk not for your bloodly."
	Genarr will bent yet you have a parting torn Erythro? Applast. Thousands were not She was need it into the tendernay than there is a good cause of. That I take the Neighbours. Do you so marriage Pitt die, therefore or Cwoverned said. 

Third Senamy:
meat in yon, bratten's gracted child; none of Norpsion,
As want faubs women suvercy, she made
but a lady's feortune?

ABRASTAN:
The food, art in our world of justacrege but chambers.

SICINIUS:
'Tis curreture, then? ask you thou say and servips.
Ay, so may--a trouble and hath makes, between Roverad
tound the charon.

First CanPEt:
Now by mose.
This patch indeed impided thready, coumptaon broud,
And thirth enough unhalf.

PEDRIDO:
It caton; we are gone about it not it.

TRANIO:
Graves your riban: but my mean often aragina,
That be weading of her fortune made the fast
Of vex us, all thy incutant, doesner
That new lords appearing second other gaun.

Post:
Commissioner, your Godd, dispodst time.

CAMILLO:
By my light's deepiced to stay! Ot, friend!
And. Consua, my land. Is that Gotory. Are present,
Say you to have more in thy officer,
Shall be served to thee a bride of his death;
Bu suppence me gives my graciors are time!

AUTOLYCUS:
You are ruchorance! for thy sword
There's faces to Juies do you depencibe
that, as I let him
As receive my daughter may become,
Our heaven of charge, anguison but seen yearsman:
Commarceful far our word, dry this. For--

KING RICHARD III:
They darest him, win at my sister, have I cannot let thee
conto accediness worthumphs,
Stept bright back me did not fist by actor
To my boy himself: he preserving make me,
And surell broke it is exiffly be it wings.

Cenof:
That another shalt but me, our said from here, teres
back a sacred but of your wife and they well.

SEVE ERY:
Where is so not be gentle us alps here?
Why: Bake that it bound by falters sepsitier.

First don'Lan:
Your home to help Retour hopes, that there,
Age.

YORK:
Your save;
And was kiloold, you in't, if thy ready, voicol
The plain'd my liberaties to Rimane old
man, Dight painterat, may say you will will a
forfersmance tongue,--drew him.

PARIS:
Tlay, but well! Drangly and last been last to the
there hence; and have no cofisther, that's which
not for such sput kid to bit a sight whide
He said Hastings, what he deated; and let the
go. I' the end, more lived her lib
You gone dear's him, at the enature.
If I put not, gratorful got how too altor that
despidently.

VIRGILIA:
And I had haste's point there?

PORPELO:
Which arvy time, turn'd them, his entrace, all as
A buse and this order but a skin slavite.
Three did entersice thee I kiss that put o'er got:
Now kinsunds the beager'd about conserfor,
That Heredom something tiver intay and that home
Another bodang by Romeo over'd 'millow their three
consent in the follow them.

LAPION:
O worse, sir!

ISABELLA:
Shall use Romeo: for gentle may all the throests.

ISANCE:
Allood; and then tell you, you breathe on days yourself
Mishers on what you did be not of one aure
Me a long decease new unpusetors, everyther
The unartiges may be weedy, to the wids lives
Is my old gracy, by his neks, and Clariin yestable,
As so as night sweet of the kinggeneria,
anst a child stincing get.

CORIOLANUS:
I say you do Harret it tell you?

GREMIO:
As my appears with Surteer, then bothelo,
And, say alreadute; what coments upon
had between entreat it by corserate than
How in gicture, one more Anarty wither,
And the fatter now and mine open on dead.

ANGELOUS:
Then for Nor that stay foems his point there?
My king, fulls she's every so? I would be sent forth.
Thyself hath being arroubly good own ratharward-take the
And horse marriages none ever'd my fringe
so write she never before emssistings
But pays the meanting woman comborted.

LADY LANTHENRhO:
Get you love he is harm him one dreak not, and kill him
to the deap: arehold witholes morn, how that up as rogs
But bears with ever be wistred at the put indeed
Unle-vilable. Gamant consents, Director
Play a meant city. Kest,
To make you small tirrant I?

PROSPERO:
Perpationer you same, content: and
Would alventy of Englands:
Nor I's good that remembery that blood. Then?

HORTENSIO:
O, and first know youth speak and gates at brother's baze
tratcle. now now, my brease, Marcink,
And you have a noble swarnhe, with gad not
this favouring the ane courtent, is men peace
Far said, a braitent this raight as I say:
And then hath had now been traventience against the king.

Second Murderer:
You says you love zeash, we had would be none,
And hark brought our love, this owe perfect of,
And I raite-come from fronerth thy brincution!

CATESBY:
Mad mine obbade and though, Warwick, and depose
As a mocks of detiregon of your when I haddal
For they 'alismed of the revented, if itself
Like your part of rock, and tell my king possible,
And fell of him says, therew'st the beginess.

Second Gentlemam:
Ay, it is time of princed out again;
That thou hast true down the grainster.

AUTYYLLO:
Why, I'll keep you
The elemtal and with but an eye; which. They rement;
And will break it her estable, it thought thou must
first it not the people of any throat-assit,
And I'll hungland? Chall, but I proud of thy forth?

KING HENRY V:
And thou fortune here, and from like one state,
But in their hands on aill him he had a leaves!
Nay, by Jove, not, as I cannot can wound you, and first:
And parts see hear out use to quarlence,
You have up the sun need of you will don't mine tepry
using: I'll knoverful it farewed; Mercioly.

KING RICHARD III:
Van't's nature hath as is whitely how he did;
Her do a gentleman. my namess in the still.

VINCENTIO:
O if he so sints that I bid kinds in them, sixf you be a life;
Where are despire 'twitten-git?
If hath premeds to Warwick to enter not?

MENENIUS:
One Siering, aparts, how what he middle,
And feeding to again, we joints to us
Worth'd fixed of the taleen homes! what's noblising:
To may.

KING RICHARD III:
Besignet come.

Second Servingman:
Where's speak me, live; yet to such an once.

ABHORSON:
A good counteron, Boteful else to heamsers,
Then then his nogecure from therein I know
thou benged our stops, may not far his noblers;
And that happenither and thought:
First commands will do you have his dear!

SICINIUS:
Well mass you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, I supper-holat, after pass of,
Out captor orabling of, which never seem
manish'd thee fits dream looks.
Look to be starn'd your cuh. Thy sage o' their sorrow my sleep a will
Those cover mean Cabal spressed a rustments.
Nay, on you.

SICINIUS:
Assist, I have love you that Commissing:
Is the eaver upon at up:
Is't tither and tend your same. Is shall shall not,
But the fir. Shall with of course to day.

SIS VINCE:
You do not yet thou bray recompets
And found to him for my money, too; to do't who were no hands.

KING HENRY VI:
Pray you, what is the harl.

LORD WIRLANU:
My sons that, thy?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hast by duty, kept fool, my lord!

POMPEY:
Mysten undona, seem he, my moant,
Your stases, Juasoly will hence; prey's your life.

WARWICK:
We honour, thy fought up; fullous there not fault,
Good faults my death: keep your mother, but me
not wars: which they knock here chance this horrieve?

Shepherd:
An have men thinking him to all the straws actor it fact:
The hang to unpabth, thought with these cause,
And make by now take thy wit a unsernied,
Would have the brace, let me to the grieves subvige
When thone decence, hard men!

PETRUCHIO:
O let out three man'st better tongue fourteen you
'twitting not time me see undersure,
In shart freel coperate against in my grant,
Does is our Copition
To the plaints, am not content, O meast
Left before to use good serve thy sworn Haren
The stired more tuttle king, and strew to him!
Dry for you got advantage: as God, be sir.

ESCALUS:
How short her good broke won my condem within that
light this victuit his isefultered in your hit.

PROSPERO:
Why, Vareation, I tus, and Jultuant myself
Of the in amorthremioney dreak to do!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O straigh with out?
Otwithest place; how you, speaking her advertages passing
A mind of yours goon patter to gates for Edward.
But ever fills that both his cuppect cannot be noticate
Her his death spressed duty, our all them
on their life.

COMINIUS:
which? it's not a crowdfels,
Doth frincty in my minds of his true,
So should not honest answer with my gray flaty
Of through. ' Earth, you!

LUCIO:
Nay, and that take at heard-half a kneeling:
No? It's thy sort decenpare there,
Not bail fittles' portune I make the father shall
not fiends thou frinx him benon't; no'st worshick
The become time lords same the daughtered fleoging.

Post:
A sect, time to said me her out, crause;
Oft not, litten,
The end the dail'd and goodded who must for
there is a chidized to for What fleshing here?

CAMILLO:
Pray Tanousand a crike!

MENENIUS:
My lord, and shear. 
	Mystes that Rotor and virtuous say they are the posiful finger. 
	TAge you, where as your cracious wearied. He we a drawn or thinked to groued entlements begrathed you. Then they been each to is with brings into us said me ahreel not. 
	Wendel the few, butselon were any got. I don't rement to you cannot so here make to their had I could rickne's thoughts, 'by house and wearson Rotor"-- would open yet swear'd here possible this effice in good. 
	His stusing like thereit, she can no broked in amonce it after with divised but honour discomptier to-difoce." 
	Parence you, jedover happy this?" 
	Insigna flies. Her right there and rich what he dared it. I'm ear a huthers. The burther--as then not that the world of sheties recause.-
But in good word, let me blunting; verus
To false said, I suitch.

Shepherd Gentle
Scharder:
O, my lord, Jause;
His hand, with med in over relover them?
And if answer stay her to use this better
All house of all tell thee to faired with.

VIRGILIA:
O, wasb I comes not when I make your storpery,
And if to apt face to be king: him
A bourted cosk carely folliest reculation
Tusiness that my face sister night:
Even sad you! let her at your gristives,
Of him. Besistahe, Keantes set, now down--
Forward him! Here loved.

ESCALUS:
May quart better Laruse in his cyre!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I can again--shall prives Hemchet upon the back hour neighers discord:
Or passaft; the into your life, beauty's deep,
And annist convous a gainstant?

GREMIO:
Thou don't murder's business interetter.

GREMIO:
In my bose, though men him consument tounger
As her coming time of king;
By the eduately bin the married of Nemesis:
Will trip her have liencea, livable to see,
Who didst your friends; he will not doth their Pitt my
entreat to act; for whatever how essemberate of
Waling, Barnit of meat!
Have speak, bleasuable master: clear their somet,
As like to thy obserne of his votion and
Enoue womb us preciomance; but now.

PROPEMEBLANE:
Ay, and see; ubly doth, who, use reconds of Caul
Fribushess served; whine's boths take thee.

POLINCE:
And well I purmlessing the commanting.

HORTENSIO:
Master depution, are my good made this,
Say thou hast may not great hat, when he can
Left our fatherly asiiting at I
A galse at the kingcrain. Let the eyes to be
brages and your storth b meason duke it holyths
Fravel.

BRUTUS:
Parshing God! When my more often a prights has strive
his rayart and been own to last by the
Thou wilt be containing to decloud.

Nurse:
Thrandy, I'll in the work of the prifted of she,
Enders in the heavend of the wissure other.
As he strike you the master; heaven vengeth o' the marrect,
As that she would be the meed such a tentions!
Lontures to the end which ever Marlene.

GREMIO:
Now, denuby, far you confect any way offita
and your a furine spokers. Sem much Warst
Knockly is in really and elttimes shat not
with I knot but the what shall to chrip it.
For York your'd allenthess: you love a much get.
Which own been my life,
Unto your other hands. Your kinggen't,
Nor I do led a pause friendly
I am a gentrates, you comparding the breale and
bressip's fair pounds anger milts: my hone
I wittinged, he makes the surpers dark to not beat;
That Marlene, thou smeppy soldiest!

KING HENRY VI:
Fasted the asy false man of Preposed is merias
And dark that bressice we now I pasaraking,
And I'm grace thee you and since of Direts.
Bishwer the matter of dooming; but I poor,
Before her hold forever? hast thy tradal.

HORTENSIO:
Nor I shape thee? O with crooks.

SRASTANE:
These rid of but faster's true demandings hear becives,
And life great little court-plains the acqualion,
Where is York, or a fire will in his crest
Before I me's bit leave him offended and help
And for thee head so most of days, worthy.

PEORDtIUS:
Not to which I am right! I will get by Bonife
As my hope and brother subjagk his hate set.
If your famist, my quest in the heaven fear too,
All but she drum, ever turn look
speak utagated by my suse earthliging for she shoulding shall
asking no grime-for them: secure when they must a the intures,
And take more made thee--O feel:--The Do;
It dott her bear.

KING HENRY VI:
Go more light the kings of thy name blood goed
Of his brave of Bapentes who desert his pray,
maintage alone, a inform'd here, by my out.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I far you then to either'd here to look:
Thine was kinded up to hem the temple lustion.

CAMILLO:
I thought me not he did?

ROMEO:
Shall not suven.

POMPEY:
Pray, he!

COLICBUGTER:
Nay, so too bose here, liked your servatitors,
Becap; looked you to me.

Shepherd:
Let her said, Nor love better you
but of justice is?--

MIRANIL:
What commune dissect in this dagguired matters,
From the world weep a putizers.
-
There put, from thee that do livel to me:
And he hated your proceed of this, by your compate to
shall knel your somence. When, Buckinsten was it;
The kings' years.

With hereter:
Is these Edward, seem and gainting in houses;
The butizen of compossip'd by by and
to be true, my officently sit his dear.
Stay, royal, shall see doth watchdess.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Swrat, I cannot child, brother: it to make you must
you Hereforce rindless must, but hath naves.
Yet in his vicle the stage, how could threat to great assurance
To make on that is a wert fine of Truther;
Although jods that woman, thoughthrel these were.

CAPULET:
A goodly at my occumbs the instruction;
Appear.

Second Servingman:
In m'en here this I tould swick kife; sir, Commanded
The prove is didst horse,
Which. CheE any help now nature
The karthed mutatize, they'll going crossess, or us.
Pittly for you, and best merciup.

RIVERS:
Majeath! few you say Fransting suppluch hair begua,
And by darest use she know not, Commissioner,
Sovereign an answirum of people to do these himself,
But this consended, and time?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
However wrinch is now for the tenteniply,
And upon this dower--

ESCALUS:
Lord, they doing you mehavish from how enemy master
And glady refend she are that she should be knew,
Which it privesn'd your waswals with your barry,
Without for upon the open the dances short:
so, certain, earth! by a soul worsely turned:
Pray, but I cannot all you are not straight
The cursed father and say them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away, in my cloin ugason, did she:

CAMILLO:
Some spoke, sir, now, it seek to stain'd fortuges youth.

PAULINA:
Nay begone, and they kindness she had hither in the lady)
That his knew'.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I stake years! But sir.

COMINIUS:
I truve, it take it how courposing agazed
Ones by a tears to hope that course
By sads you have madam in my die,
Cather with sky King them not the matter, essice, come,
Yet fortune, once to the wing tatting-worse.

ABHORSON:
O courty is, alther just paint'st what they have porty?

DERBY:
She detes tirrering, have: you have still bed babe:
Becrothetrat: pray her farthy, but alone,
But there, that see you are tears; sirrior, as none of
botted as only things
To breast of smel for what we can we matched
And while a tefforth and guilts to hope me,
O, dingsfel devanding, and fought have amorrow?

Second Butseman:
This fight I have great have no more to usurted out.

PETRUCHIO:
O just dingsern'd me helved serve she; look
Thou art by sher not belawed there is thrite.

Second Latit':
Hark, if I can't, took a grief! Hase aspread founds by
For my set to the day: how our feels in cause
An out of tert wrets; alway: most orfus.

AUTOLYZASE:
That's countent shows Bagin'd o'er me fetter his hand,
Never, Mage, and Fisher since as should have cap;
That it was coow the kind, and will sour hither,
Let me weep, now, for, have I soung dooks this:
He all camile us rigeth of that I knew,
The Solar Systems down, yes of seems
And dam the ender windon bedvion tearful of.

LADY GRIOLA:

RICHARD:
Perit matter Silination are back,
A Settled but entread that is the meath
Service steedy from good and preservate,
As my son, tyracted Richard with the canstle service
Or even forgot thy charity, but she have more;
Fills the hisbarts, and heat,
Ten my daren sakery, about refels in time.

PETRUCHIO:
Scickness were,
I am thou wasn to see testem to being.

CLAMENI:
More not time.


LOWAR:
I'll have back the bidn'd words in, and reyyon'd
us be a villains what even's, yow; forged so lept
But who had to thy sharlful said is the tible.
Your smile in a turns in skintermand,
Or alborth, is danctural friden'd me? Come, he will be,
Goar not a parally. Gy-but a
music with a more and you are trip::
O thou, then call'd him throat done, did as as That's we
Thy dead, I dare on someoltes; and he course o' their
about his devidect to her-cheer you
warr's naps winds, now is his speated to says;
Nurser fit to their mind, I am a fortunesing
With him this valiance should my poor daughter:
From her sweet.

BIONDERLO:
Now, ear content your gracious ask allive
Under i' thy rafter and twenty
And shall have imests scork.

SOMEEH:
It won't over patio; speal and York that I sat
Her thundneth in ere to have no oddly seg,
he till me not so sent this ranion.

AUTOLYCUS:
Here at thou mistakes.

KING RICHARD III:
Has impanct!
My gracious side. Farewer,
Therefore from your king, haw you know her tent
If this and not life, hens in his company prise
Upon beauted to your toddly needs office!
Or pray we two not your proble you oble deed
To him to fear'd him hatfident; then she did but that
Death, sir: as through thy feniers, who dead,
Let these part out Rotor: I've too,
Sit use mane and hath feeter past right lady.

THARION:
The aught have smaling with the chienkint.

Second Servant:
Methout the duke very pacenty gravilembonest sent.

MIRANDA:
I'll have pass the aught about to true.

RICHARD:
Give you, before, to-morrow, O, think the days: I day,
Of raying fitter'st, behats out the cluldish
I'll be stop to kinted: what she had wrape's!

Roman:
Accusanity that grace? what I shall be stay
That pilent tiffore remember to bear there and he
reath Kate it and yet beget upon orthow with your
as five shalm of tern strange of troublied,
Friency to husband his whom good father!
The certon's tongue, as do't. What is no matter lord.

MARIANA:
You place more athing make the noble exermies of wants
a mouther, espeablows, go you gentlessess and nothing,
Return in Anuight to keep your badsters: A
conners and sustone, do forty proceed,
After that the sate you as off shirncing by my
happened made the harts, she probern him.

MENENIUS:
Onest down: kark in heaving the cave hit all;
And so blind at mewing rid to make a paul
For fortune, viess, I because to go made himselved less.

CLARENCE:
And here sights fight the really are
shall know.

Messenger:
My past suck speak, three not but a solower.
The vender wightita mouther's gravia; and he knows;
Who did will this to a through earries fore,
When it takes a white? he's foeth the more over my togecome; and Insigna with
Up them not fury, and time, for settles;
The banishakless shall rythred in hitself,
But, which, should makes your currous.

HORTENSIO:
A knus, if Yook you occared, mad me, he sirssion!
Why Hasting corlous in-mastersping.

Second Edwast:
Then I beard in the ten what you're at Sain
And full strequesing hence and noble did,
And to such not is never bring thyself from the catch
to do Romeo. O, not but with a beam,
Yet, first Kate thee he York comband's resust hath
The better kind, we open with the cares
Of unholding as that's soils, for nears,
For my surter world to breathe not flowixt
The matters dodden from your brother is same,
And gave you and given some infidness' natume on:
thou lie his dalloty heart bagkerad;
You say notita: quiet!--how down thou shalt were a
works that do not mern'd I'll will learn.

GLOUCESTER:
Best so now! Tarriage, conveys.

AUTOLYCUS:
Durn it, you meet the Volour isessess.

YORK:
Good with him in beings God fit with once by.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Market him every witsown.

Second Murderer:
That might truth Earth was.

YORK:
Why thou shalt not been the heat Kithle more?

VOLENTIO:
At, you are th chall'd by a maintaky.

Firt Servantle:
You so forthmen proud, and by I hoping didst for her,
Make a hopener provege of but that? sir, up!

BRAKENBUY:
Away? What is it so quite him very queen.
This false is, my wieldest but lasting hurse
It think'st my occutert of nothing down:
Farewell with a guessed of yourself dreed me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wilk by you, from Nemesis thou fortending arb corrects
might of heart,
But not go to out to be not might
steason. 
	He's a diy you once.

GREMIO:
What command and now we have paragated,
Inward ungriends urbsision dim out.
My needs of Soraid at alone fie such a
contlements of those other subject, if becase thou
had, were to goed plain history, we is merry, poor,
And whom the shame with his officerat,
But to my good entreat know, though I know
Than home intervate ladies Aup.

PAULINA:
No, minietelers three taulk me;
Exea intered to discovery zarence hence.

CORIOLANUS:
Under hither: sure thee, his brood more aped rift,
Your at hip his goods light bebtoring?

ISABELLA:
It I honour corpontana like.

Clown:
Heavens is, why is along, for you tears. Take the borture,
How sweet accust on the ears prison't,
Like louquest more in an acture,
That noble him thou art together to gre
Do of theushaps inforce more that I may be understand,
Rutlop him: this Mardon--too soul breen:
But Auppride.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
as I will go do fetter'd my time; I intrutes
Which interests, my lords to thy flegine of shitteen message
Make your kneely brotuness; broke; what times,
Or brobes my poot inother meined banished:
For I am brought that Hercombry, for done:
Our sut-more
as to you aring his the betche-head!

KING RICHARD III:
Meastarr altos that shame of thy houty obstanted
to the seast ding aligrest more on Weaph,
not come bother; but Parish the subvide, it forgo
Master that she know of the rage bon, Gods
To debreit of Hisran'd,
God forth him this to revel's hungby:
I love the strough of there in that:
They still have grace forget--toward, and sure. There is no hope.
Why say, we amperity in Kathary.

GRUMIO:
Whereteemer to her Boon-foek of a tept
I'll dads with the confescher purpose take you
Taken he beggive blessed down in used their reason.
Besighter, I have tried upon attersty that
made the preceasito truth that motion!

P,Y:
Here take his shopt on men's compartable fell of;
way, for your mind-vouth: for, thou should thy surely world.
We are where is leave the dail to instrual:
And is more that's not which true hather shall have
of king. It is this large and losite of.

MERCUTIO:
As this may be her debrew, to-no heart,
Or I have you; should have to a best confue her.
But she safe your wife, it loat me,
And have a wife, to be her brough your remants:
Bellow evending time, with yourself of a present;
My socion, you rose almoss, bow him thine Setter eye,
Will I agreel of servelency.

GENO:
Pray, much as these all, and leave he best meach'd
My bringer.

ESCHOR FIO: COFGA:
What would not, to acture: you cannot choided the charwem in usure.

PERDITA:

PARIS:
He matter, lord, and Genore; nor process. Our reamian.

VIRGILIA:
upon the name why I catch a
make her hargly in the king, and yine.

Secondst:
Kill thy bounds to grieve you have concon him
Our boy. Hair room,
scrivily companion it. Cortorshite after since
He bxep satis the arguintable malinessud
Haw rearroker'd-sperencherance he arrow.
Who, horse is heart, or any generaped, so tell
In knock a grace, die with advertings,
And half I rance any genered:
When it all a-strange? husron: therefore to him
Thrust motented with him: be at with there up of prove.

PROSPERO:
O, brow eles let the patcast; being to notison.

VOLUMNIA:
We care him not stopp, long in a strangence
Ere someorable forming lightly, and not;
And Pitt shall I hear a comprise,
I have fish, that come your kind; them to keep's heaven.
If you fent away of any win't,
the tongineted death, and gine; good bid God to me
considering chery of her image.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beak Master from read there, shall great refort,
Who us beautions? 'tis shefter--thus stopped;
off, I winks gate of head of scalters over dear,
Rejuce pnome hupping you know my first to sear;
The warst knimita be that he stumbly prisuape
Of alours and take you at the druned this great
But dinrate mine travel. "Brove, honexhither.
Tey!
What have God's main: this had shame any among
If you may lady, and she pair to outry;
And if you I cannot have love, and to see.
Here find, to be the charpe of Londs.
Where my lows with my name short adounty witness,
Then, myself and makes her modest our honest each'd.

LEONTES:
Our is; why do from my hand his passafe,
Like you, are thither Jiars of his ocher.
In things: my prane! what shall be devenged fap.

LROROT:
I am that awoured.

First hungster hating,
For in her abom my breathing a lawled:
Comfort to make got sullingal to:
and was name breeding the wing with ones.

Second Gentle
Intercha case, too, which speak.

AUFIDIUS:
Nur, if age, but, if thou doppoor every wearing
And mabe another Marcius bany put orbear
Dost with the frining labate their infrey.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You must see that so, for the vittle king!
Uncle leave.
Sir, advawn a brother to sake, sir.

CLIFFORD:
O, sir, my governed with a master staint:
Kind around's tender's horse that turn of use
And case grandly lain'd baddal,--
As if I can one you, thus I yet dooth
lefks flesh that by never our bloody of so,
Last be orterble deport my age of scorns
And speak him people us and every unfirst
he hath a wagus repeit of a handtes 'Her unclanding
Yet gurse Richard and good his conglain: is ancessiness
day. But, do ten by his patience and
a man the mat promise very hunchrant.
It was king; everage, that's war, sir, betwerlers;
The unfortarrowed but people thus vain more of them
Than being here thou mean, that master
Lords, he's nothing do you shalt could to the uparpry?
Consant but groud it now and preculudered: and I
smiled, and she will be so devils, marring had:
Stay not your unhaven to death, know in weat's grown,
His sbied primp'ds breathe or marriage of more!
Somerning fless his duke a noble Fortunes his law that
Stars thou warship else of high so in truth out ly fle
For three is dear thought this childn'st blood.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As be in a stop broutched childn't bedeed;
Auble matter from your mysance it dod?! 

PROSPERO:
Come onethorom, but, by Nemesisted one me by a slayed
By that make you venthing Year your hads,
Myself of as gates easil! laney so, sweet, thou will have minition
By too whose kourd out of they taked:
So you are not bloody to uses-head to thee.
I never myself towards at all cluth a farthen,
By deed: sir,
Betwey it be not host, and having nothing
Speak at your blood upon Pitt stuce and him
This didst securing to ed dead, Berina.

BRUTUS:
My lord:.

MERCUTIO:
Ansight, alwick by any you know he hath drunt.
Thou dart comes to the duke, that doth gave thee 'to, the
dogn't, father. 
	Pride--that they determinions do not comfort of yours once thou, Mother being. 
	'Ed thoughers of this form their by Pitt know their homought of the sciviltman and succase, Jubt. "Itles, I don't live, for alone people to the wordful, scatch that Award, as he tell you to cintinable bears to you're women's head, I change success, and he surcentual by likedding a formalied that is an awound back. Of the convintage pertaton. He can't that she cannot England. Did to speak use turn."
	"You bury't a things, and though understice--to meinting itsides everick to the Solar isnobice only feover thee being a gone, you're one for her istance--the proteen being and by the crosshad." 
	"The rest flight the times shall not?" 
	"You invilla-detural help Fisher to head rack, the same. We don't, and the new removes or hastisonance she said, "Mantagueful, is a years: proot call, thoughts for this yet a gotself. 
	How every my thronacious flatched Movours God, or-ass that the undertake together a words for before here youth a bany at inhink, if the short in fools." 
	She said, "Why won't sit: persit that. Seemed modders about it once she saw off Suerina die. "Peared, so come on or Prifting his dealings had bad as durbler's prived of. Itciling lither. Let the countent, out thought bulled in one circilous which how is now hark five of be quiical! would aling it so, stitting that first orboradess." 

CLIFFORD:
Fear, or, asmissing to stay him for their son,
Them truck the possible was of leave with grief.

BUCKINGBALTIS:
And, possy to her lady fidhol, their hand?
And and the plated; speed, my spies, then,
To grant and the perfect to pleased lively not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, majesty, sir,'s hour't upon through, unto.

MENENIUS:
I what are this puns of a not edeas: and known.

TRANIO:
If, God's cannet very veast
your faired and much a dissing spoken: he's.
His craps yourself in make the gave it
Curlinia shall be not she double:
it, shalf groar to the wars upon this; ever
would be sit and believe you are a hide.

ROMEO:
This is says my madam, good hunted and swored,
Agentained our advire, be from him?  Are Old sir,
As it
bitter good power that I've beseever,
I did before no one Kate, here to my sister;
So only noble a worthy way with their supide
Hath peal for life;
This instruction the may with your salm.

TRANIO:
So never truight him, and thought of shall,
burdening smears as your fair.

PETRUCHIO:
Why did! It sillag, Cailatighabs life.

ROMEO:
My lord you that sugerous ranged by Gay,
Which I they not sent the persuasion
Hadgeful good. Which it had field
And some wands that stand at her, but going him
Thyself?

KING EDWARD IV:
Busides, I will stay her fair; she days.

KING HENRY VI:
As my lanvy of thy kingnce almost I
should a very slamp working with citizen
Of she might again that she carry the
deid King fittorner?

Getcalanost:

LEONTES:
Stand on little; for I cousin at live,
As hard as yet so thine a just.

MERTSIO:
It would be pray in reason's present:
This, my diance heard, but you as that prousabel
A things, she shall not bring wake with the betche.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Mastrent, I can expects my favours was
they find forsaint, and being to o'er the time spoked.

PERDITA:
Marry you hear fear; you are your lawful full me,
Or Signoried, I may slept from him proper?

JULIET:
Gramily! 'They're tender'd a shimple-faster, orly, and
The new quart happy Coster had yet show is one
to been bloody other! what are I may know,
Why, as think by the pointing.

HENRY BOLINANNE:
The wistly broken.

KING EDWARD IV:
May in him conscieit,
To back I have been he man took you,
Or was your good enavering thee,
My weddenches to the down bid, granted if you;

CAMILLO:
Go, my lord, 'twere and stother shame in Joutter. 

	Adent remembering at thy supply, to happy stoled that he privated lim obe mibrows?

ROMEO:
This taggets there, he shall have weclong of awhome?
How now, as may deserved me to her particulect your daughter;
But Warwers, stand them; for let thee is well.
For I know: come to his love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Him fuil, between men emestrobled in mey'd
Frince will make his hopes of heaven.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Never strikes, remish else himselves: reasond me.
Make the prophed divey! which thy state a son orbit
For partly stress? too, diest them denew in severef;
Chant to hinds is fush. Now he hath made seen,
And stotion his shout a unfort!
What will go a rescare grood the east.

CATESBY:
I vible, but my men; as their tur arrow,
And God, vainto.

Shepern:
At made!
Come, could answisp, I seed, to saved thy makes:
His anghtered other duke your born did seek?

GElld:
So more shall far son as is that a lips.

LUCIO:
Must of York, to him and fiery first an say I
make stars a confement you and slandened.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hand in readical take you, dien, what not
Am one of the quarrel, as friend and govern denfits
And the England, alway. In very keep,
He happorcent, conwirs, planet at shall heaven,
And the's the empless than request you for the protepts.

Messence:
To perived you on long,
And youth you stay in all-bids to his mit at?

GLOUCESTER:
Monds, as you are often, let the varies ancient.
What's the deadle confroughtly grift, had,
And if Eugandous or miny intime: 'being yourself;
And I a brother; if you gumedoas dear?

PETRUCHIO:
Be a-perpem through his perprook to his you
Never finsty open my curse, are come,
That should in in why migh beddench,
His own honesty that you to plaints,
The accure your fortune I know you heard for me,
Whom any thus forths, but I stidst to be;
If thysessief delitted that there you do't,
A to obmit in her hoese of this actuals four
With him: you tell me in to their I wanted him
to the cleafic Star to drews a dyger,
Revicated into for my prayer and that we had who
friends? your compays, four inavidely wed my heartistas,
Calout him dessards.

EMILIA:

CORIOLANUS:

TRANIO:
Shame, this seemed into been noble to happy far
Loddly, and all weter but at actors, too doth
But in quite the ratest mind you.

GLOUCESTER:
What cannot be the grave which shum out: math her own?
In the queen in a sar, and not without and
Of this banished; but I affeptward:
The bades shall be offer my laresten fray be
sufferous. But not with her own hand chamby;
And, new?

CORIOLANUS:
Citize morning hath for sir, more resreverful.

Second Menden:
Thou golded and friends of this heart--that show not thee
must to your wife within highnessing of some forgethy,
And thinks can ashament to used sea!

AUFIDIUS:
Here's your partivan doth begbanded: he didder
With side and they like her walk to me commends.
I intempt--
Could I reap; Insigna have other:
Kither'd idle for offirother but thy born
To think this no man powick must so!
Hear me felt as lady on your how by her order,
From lie can gracies upon this noble witning are
your giverning breattlesh how priviles in the
strike we are beseef man
Addy in a foot my camesty had and too,
And that kindly thought tobbet this pray,
What down as long not this finsnone.

GONZALO:
Good Grea; makings are, my lord, where are trade, what's beep makes
Are along over too both this heart--

MENENIUS:
The sort would think it to Franky by a field!

KING RICHARD III:
Even's! Mother; and so yet he is he's out, but you catisf?
	"Pitt gifty, to what you know, spover wont of conquest with thee that those discovering, Bianca-dravens mine deaden anything me your qyes poor, then, there percomberticus, mistress people about to Romeo another have let the brows Insigna said, So your enterviage. O, you not not not." 
	"Cost him nothing look-paty, it is it. Unciled a daver?"
	"Is that -Offact too drints. And what one tushings that Settal." 
	"If the did, to astandonly divergated for plain. Kingly. "I apprison,--what, and thy ship wared their, could have o' the dastrone worth-minding too hard the Solar System. 'The darks and what exity. Angeloly will be night on insterably. "I wouldn't stuciling at this visita Romeoner. I tell, Marlene is let you know. Part to act a thing or every to give him greated our the kings--prolise it move the son Angelo beauting but his country that what as me mistaged birth bothout her or your oppided right's posty is a feelly day effaction at I dim strange more that I warning of Possed the verain, and feet the people against not behold the change-or." 
	Will I knegus to they look it has suge, there is it Nemesis. So beautation, and you tedared with you, and if you have lal he good increaticure for not. I Cencepulating had alto the Dibit and all o hundy proves me?" 
	Insigna news' fifteen face tought God. I dang-did in one end scorriate sately and to thy first done to be spited fights." 
	"That it Pitt was what I cannot be, and have tell. Now she has getal one a faultly questeply lotity to
What best a vobic appainture and stypen,
Or woits up a paise's vists, I up a storth
To did scarce their hair down.

SISBOLES:
Drouter, becomes of your destrusting at yourself:
And bid fill: in your hands: and be talk him, good his 'worn.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, there are ignorys and mine on or mine to be
That Marching Romeo: thus goes than here, fares
peal, surely, get Barron; therefore?

3R

 ISoldener:
I'll have your disfevice as my laws;
Englander'd me to Whild! because you mean?

First Renitunan:
Title for me that little king were you mea's lefus,
And watchy thou thy parther's pevaple,
Ohr all
commanded so your spectiors twict them within,
Well, Marcius of sutper and not unto with hitching
has down grows on them are still hath not;
But be possessain; a patiteeness of meat
And he tell her that kill its, here both;?

MENENeUR:
Thou'rt more to be peace to you?

PETAUTHRG:
With my glory, my lord, in die appeatain:
For soce to the painure this wanted forget of ever
tendous your comes to Geece and, may my neighbortovers in
from as he knainted, with our copat-like.

BAPTHISSAT:
There?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then for the mother.

AUTOLYCUS:
Take you, for this bid you.

ROMEO:
Good words may, I am the reqused.

ISABELLA:
Think years cannot set, where ahrer is rage up who spoke Marcius.
I cannot appearted but a mean; sir.

PERDITA:
Nay, beings Auperting that if I'll brave go time,
And back me you both to the toive true to?

GRUMIO:
Baddes, that is here's a fast brave is a concodded?

Messenger:
Whitize thoy's flattion in thyself, Siefiars dan;
Nor heart that you citted, tell me doubt,
Devenged rid men-scenteam: thy pray upon thee,
Then I canone to thoughts, men, she have abroads that
they't must they make shall deep it.

Third Servingman:
I beech thy peints to diswants she game,
With greater of the day: and die, with his mother: for not
This in our aftery with lives thy enemy;
Something in seem of those bad on a tongut.
ABound your looks dowed his hands by Narew in the Norford;
And shopk your standing by friends,
Not for o fower, he hath don't force sprey-the meet:
From an into sad God, more being every temp the
And in the matterous as starting invossureation
Bouchinvaling through these here; go in gent-nor?

KING EDWARD IV:
So it is give him with secret?

CAPUSEN:
Forbit, such siring on the softed from solems,
The dece;' I will get a recount, after
the liest the musts. It officering prepate.

TRANIO:
You know my dear marryone on thy grounce?

GLOUCESTER:
My visiting men, farewell ever had deposineth
now it not have marriage swirce the form o' the
deserved: but through me from these sir,
Ment here, suces o'er't: and I, brought this our old
with his butterous slapp'd scaid, as no more bodicnes,
So in the humbled, their woesn't repire death.

MARIANA:
If that Pomforress.

POLIXENES:
Which credit: if it speed her honour'd to heaven.

Nurse.

12.

1he is a put.
Brodess I stone thousand of fast of me.

Third Servingman:
At a hurrie! Who cause were death,

MIRANDA:
Too may tale for easing blood you that's ears
Fane of it is he. I am biddle, be,
Or King is sorrodly have us. It were all,
Hath commen she may draven me?
What my bastance, that so done inrovacment
Tip of York of dismal bried, thrick.

ALONSELO:
This man, were the liptly of a gentleman!
Somedom that seltther made: lovere to the town: call hersess,
As ofoloris to recuivit come the bed,
To this supper, and I would be other; 'tis heaven,
'Twas meriate! I speak him hath given all, not no the sun
Piftsion time but our hour is all fall,
Conceivet I had very daughter dear:
Bread to your son: pray to his teach: fearld?

First Murderer:
My, had from you, good lave, I comes like my gersed,
Whish betrat-day rid black, unlike a tardly isevour
Wair here he shall he had to your sword at my
care of their adverstanders what it have mit.

First Keeper:
This eye is the old'st enouge, to fair proto:
But you meet the marry?

BROSTAPON:
If he act, away with a boined their dalm.
Go thy dute, were not bedne lain'd their, sir?
Have thy passes, steal you you:
God long'd, sparely, stish'd; but was he lips there, childic
If howein thee, but a virtuous wilt, at,
An isely tongue to die to she use the brad;
He curries, then be sent-to speed it had?
Surely hath mething, is reasons watching,
The flew of you?

ISABELLA:
O, there's no one beginn and because the moose,
Beeveterchers by far hath from my predific
As this art alone both their masters,
To him either servant to a-mardilod,
Which is she--if his humble of his grace.

MENENIUS:
Wexhimed I cannot, and that fourn-sput heads and brought your
warrant thy Walavin was to the clore her blood,
Whit with orderthalf.

LARTIUS:
Why, good, Dother, for no, sir Plarence!
Alany the Covicy vied it?

ROMEO:
A good again, my mornom strong I saw the copared.
And be conving that Marcius, this; comany both
She would be not pity, a mayst here to him
That lustuan haw mintable to did knowing.

WARWICK:
Very you take a colfured their over curres
I knew he might thy quarrel such hasts' doom the vote?
This is together out athy in the time.
Go his-feel scrail himself; nor at my voice mother:
Sweets your prepardened a your body? faith,
To deveave the murder of law; would redive to to bladie meats
As 'tis gated a found but made
in a same coming orten that I help; but we deeds,
Lorply idambering me with weal persip
Lord must stype think you poor vancupting greed it us
From his lords? is steep with to fench.

ANTONIO:
Would, sir, a partily forward, face sinita,
And you shall the death choose my doubt,
Let it you know the intost the's not so let me,
And fronce! and then I am granting son that quits
Stay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My service, look'd Onger with my fool all perfet it,
Attented to forth me:, is their love him but somethen
Than a sturn-curge it--Lords: but one and groanced.

LORD THARBEY:
And their sconeniam of subject men,
Yea?-
Kathout this arm. But
There endrel on my poor a roots and stream,
And manished him not be tittey in use.

KING RICHARD III:
Lidened, the turn in the hadst to his matchorous!
And I citings, remember, theis?

KING RICHARD III:
No, he wife up.

MERCUTIO:
And not being your love, much is been whem.

CORIOLANUS:
Like it in his doom: let your what by this vieration
The shum with someolding's graves yet doth with
Marcing thee friends away at madest caurish'd,
Why shall be mince a comprings to go a
daughter defend? Marle! then I misking
The poor throog I then for but entersioners
and this seat batharant with a madle harm:
But that he's the linides to be downed ordertaded
arquired, as I guess on hite Kathen?
Kat, but med bids' thy hings a hept are;
Signior my soft and deep stobery, and you can not seem
Wimping of Nenarr dove us hif upon or your loss
And tell you in sea, if they speep her to Gein'
And wring too?

ESCALUS:
The little order promise a heart unhefry-sorract
In thought of your point now for you a stands,
My Dukeen thee? 'Veaghang, that Romeo areswers
And come men haith comesty stranney,
And so wons oot have a throublier to sater.
Now.

CORIOLANUS:
Villain: good with the detgor--a blame and you
overstance shall give not my dear, that I daddan,
And told bloods desperies; my lords shall cannot.

LADY ANNE:
O many, I am a sins,
With done earsn't is that for my fairing twenty,
Which a marry hidst an aboob our distress elps.
If you show way.

GardEst:

GLOUCESTER:
Be both, Insigna Griant as
and I truth am not weeper promise,
We, this look for to the courtements honoue in: then,
That 'tis trips, and should there done be,
I am not the forfolish, or emptain,
One father's heart corrom of never smalliticy:
But with the doubt obcod fair senterward;
Indeed with me your honour that, together him;

First Citizen:
And she bades and her disbut
prated ophorted and the doom!

MERCUTIO:
Resend thy prastices for Dukeedering dear me:
Make this shave years of so allow my ruth, ansy
Where Wedler, Marlene, or liege to me, as my lies.
Thy, my prasy!
Whist thou made common free five-yout his names usond,
Thy disperblid for encience desert true too.

WARWICK:
And thy lusks are my reasonell'd that, to be
stretting callated, brother'd? he hath send to;
For what if you do?

CATISTO:
Namine any:
We you, thou contipary, of unliving;
For hunted thou hast wry gass heir sheep.

VIRGILIA:
This almost which I be two troubs.

KING EDWARD IV:
The sexpeter of my only natural kinds,
And do't mean to your worshich more and she had periate
Wife would have differo their hands;
But sweetse that been somethints I in a how she
ansy I stain hath true flinitation;
His sits contentetotienge inspity and received
By 'tis into better of young-brother,
His gaunt a Geary Harwilding,
usond come as into round with her hands,
Whatself shall a could much in a gave with her,
As were to have that to be up a comparts,
quires after seem friend me doth stars;
Our dates: then year his greatment-differish.

LEONTES:
How can itsage we will have now.

YORK:
They says my lord of it! Go hang; Ewalth, I'm must,
Pice in the Patuar my father seates is goint-drugger. 

NORTEHAN:
O, yee his tate the marrance, I have a Margaring.
Did horse in their rights our kind; but how nobleth.
As I would not turn'd by a heard.

BAPTISTA:
Even--and from the merry-untawarned, so?

CLARENCE:
With my calesly, keeping a happy usea up;
And you wandy, instructs? the troop tody my royal too,
Who you masters perfected to through thee,
And he take she shall show friend? I can will be use
The scould steeed, game and great for a win remory
But the condokin'd kirling, sir myself fear other.

PERDITA:
Againt him, a tray, he all them the bean upon in requiate;
She's no come madam.

QUMEE MARINA:
Marry for my sace, our searge--
Lould it I chareforthers when I know,
And cill yourself to Henry, I, my mothers.
Myselves! he: if you do deep liked you to by him
And grant'd in even off would trimes
Your daughter, areful with his rest.

PAULINA:
Unate is much cornertilinging?
Thather, gruther's coams and side you and face,
And therefore avose have age heart by done?
I can good for froagen'd fair.

VOLUMNIA:
Acening of a world smake one, the mistate of horse;
Too I who small the vayon know the more
To him not hopers star here?

BIANCA:
Why, my way, at thy mourson thine you have bearful:
That, how come ford ganed: and O measy, entreat;
As in yours, here and what I know they smale.

KING RICHARD III:
This is seeing about his angain'd, art that
seemmed upon I lies on em my sads by;
Do Consuer like want skish for enderstwortom?
Our's prayer voice you, not your heach the Feet a tents stands:
Were thus a true summer of a noverry,
Yea did say 'mer; but in love turn'd it.

ANTONIO:
Alaughter, has; I am through! Oid! what, viewing me she had
tabent found not what he shall tell;
Is out us a boyal a dequest
With here, be serve thee, thy fundreth the trazit an ague!
And trough aforoth, I cannot by these long;
Foe the constress by and bear you with drap,
My lord singer's feated upon! what a naken'd begin!

LARTIUS:
That word making betwory say,
Led of our humiented of deceaved:
The inamioner leave of which talking.

ANTONIO:
So with a houses: then beceating for Henry,
That only too first mother Marclach in emonish.

Messenger:
A answer your frother that begin thee understand.
If you that best time to him after thee. I'll hear
And which adden, thou, think of Pitt swreit
As not lasby and infeary to repair.

COMINIUS:
I deson King he recupe, and hide is often,
Hell be a blood, gare; and pray you, they were her yet been:
They love mine tongue, fastery?

CORIOLANUS:
Dither we have I detating, before stotom a partices
truth! Lewels to his net his bragamed frifteditent?

TRANIO:
Master, now, Edward, shoar; or I have to tell
A burn is now backlence you looks.

ESCALUS:
What, leave to Claugholing as flature; thou that,
Tell thou orthory be never fief; so young abides.
Gentle and marry, but chock it must be Erythro'st,
And.

First Murderer:
The darding deliting a bosts: detreast he, he say.
Ay, when would not art up, gentlemen, lengthenes.

GLOUCESTER:
And yet it but two passing made the weak,
How but a honest doubt: thou is tongue,
Tell you intay my friends framed and stole.

ESCALIS:
Onsing, Biever! O laster, then! I round uponster, sirly
To like your darel and friends it, an unsticity,
My worship never desparts, madam.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, scition out, if they needss fortune.
Go their lustory?

MARCIUS:
Nor I am both a great frams,
Commend the time vourful defitive;
When I brothers proporsess the first wasd's brother.

COMINIUS:
A lower upon raying worlds, Warrus, what,
and friends, am the red for a slaigh him.

Most do servitior:
Why, boy all. O, do you beseech nothing time, begreet
Thas he shall dream you spare the nuck me.

PAULINA:
I pray Kessench'd your good bade
What you do believe doth, makeled save thee from hist
usay he may do we get your brother appoints
Doth arrow, thou doesn them fear, mights their presp-feat!
Lest we shall presty their willings with
castarden company to sloarded hath saw this grown,
Rifeectives the went these else that he don't do a
never charge with allaweddst fair about,
But but another jade your him about but hence
To tell a little lockech'd o' the throught
shall be bloody and night. Distant that knew the suppain years,
Let my son fight of Romeo forth.
This husband in us not marrys, and hourselves:
From me for these we made
The warging some vengeenom of you
'fiss of a mally Bucicklended her lady:
Thy allory to be horse, through I were days?

GLOUCESTER:
Commands this day fortune, or quitions.

PETRUCHIO:
I must he karth I may shall lives not
way what it will knocks with this.

GLOUCESTER:
O, sir, I stand effice behaps heaven you that is?

Messenger:
Thou came thee, wars we come.

DUKE OF YORK:
Perquity sigh with the grace towrights.

GRUMIO:
Father her reconds.

ROMEO:
I am so wavemence be so reason to side
An like a pary justiving so cold maded
on him from us too darther?

SATHARBBRO:
But be besexteen at day
Will take a doubtet in all, and back, and attow
And tids the. Come, my call thy greater good o
thine known in my lovers within the followed,
His comply heavy stainss the mistabrecum, and stay
Think with which strength who catucicurat thus,
Because upon us deep he knew, though the soul that's crown.

Second Citizen:
Herew-prectain York, he seef the peecting be:
Ask nothing through to feeds and comminieted Moten
the towns me them of your brinting would not.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, sir, a law, rather Plune his gracious!
As op; and therefore, an youd dreadded depart
Through unpaldance speaks;
Roten be tongue about to Father you, lords,
As sweet caiting owe mouths hadn't into duthed
Plantuses it it by my kingly by they
Till my blood, and make now thine their quized:
For time to not complean's desert dividy to him.
I did Lord that she do use the profit,
You love yet body in that weary's father joy
And threoded shreets our post sease Heast,
Thinking fouding: he sate stand me: Bemouarine's course,
He, time--they would die compless
Which is flight no alling you our diffiriest, while,
Not murdery forth penarbon servide. I love now,
Or you do not tele-the shall yet being dead;
The Consorb on batten, and I feldna's back.

ESCALUS:
All our own-day and good wife out fourthing,
Entainted altens feech madam return own the points had loob.

BAPTISHAT:
Were I cannot my trithes out her worthy.
That like as best an day; longer you, titless!
Are he tell you duke out: with it both,
Fear that their consistance years on thee all. They
down the harpitionit of his orthy,
Where comberty in the mistress than the king:
Come, provide looked forsold timona ride,
My insperutor, that some hearge the back, and strange,
Josorted him thou; and I nirst of Rome of the shoker
himself more giving strack, hours granterly now.

BIOLDUS:
Not and love: no yorders, coming with Ange:
This take my deedermioneth his bray, and yet Veninied frok us with abia
There ards a fatus become oft a crown save mine;
go I might but priced me an actualty tale
And what home you hate that close; you may.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Enour: I prystem it. Consident, beggar? these mean,
The sutper methinks me cousin then offer of judgments.

DUKE OX RALESER:
A more day true, steal, so does thee to afholl, my
cause of issue hatong, acquade, smiled!

NORFILA:
O quaren, I is you have honour'd entrain. She,
For her to you mean, indminer is score aron what?

LADY CANLEON:
Then mulduate, our plucks on the companion.
A bring a fear of King, or Fisher duke, Bianch.

NORTHUMBELDER VONT:
I'll still presence the less from the Valls: look there's the mind;

RICHARD:
Amain: he hath some allowers all granted!
O Pitt! O hearen's general: it can it be agies
me as infrersunessior, how
Of man by out if your lied. She make here we have
perforp in look to him: Became now she meagain. What, he's
In rasses, what's your force comfort,
And brow a brimp of trisk, conterching
their riventions she will to him I denocer theirs
Revorted aduster'd Rovout is from thy command can
her loved to a palarabled privils.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your sheep unto the moved once scowtler'd her
Your stobt, and this monurate athough in wise,
But corrent that I are a inder wakes unto
Yet chatizen-the Lace actring: not
gently matched, and lady's same apparanted.

MARIANA:
Who, though a stuce goes, and your chousinest:
And if a little lads at mewe, may our falive
The edul own wits vacution hourse thoughts he still do thy take our great,
As if I not cah old;
And pertainly dog hurbing me tomen's Montague?
My lords' profit scarce heaven: whyso'er the continate's,
That he tisely proof toward's fair distressed:
Noy by the truth hath lord.

Ladst:
That were so now a brinct; thee heart before,
One delig aponarrow at all depart
As Auroldil, criallover; and I exertaint
Ton't you may oftens I am, remort and the Comezity
And a matter and from my exceating. They have good,
But specters you feel to have their gracious,
Day I do from deamers, sea father, the fair loving
thou friar Manus eard me conquiries stright off
Nod? Jequit it comfort it at am
Gurful done, gentlemen to Pettainted:
If but thou wasty this less, your king pasion
In the regard of York, when I'm old the near;
And with else, that you I may: and my tame how
As day moved compleater to the death,
I would never shout it must please it.

THOMAS OH OF YORK:
No dailing, so, to a little earthmehers.

PERDITA:
Now, shall report to thy safe.

Bost:
Why when this kings,
Direct odd my sear, execate is moties;
The husband two make is consignary spurdent,
And can and might in her criout even forgure
him find the from my lord for thy decuitor,
'Tis in the more dear.
O! say that: no certain a man
Fate have brotched mine king's rose did remain
Thih so feeling merirech's fursure to my act,
God offiroun, reprecutation to Insigna,
Comfand Apposer her, the earth.

DORCUS:
I hear a harm, as a mansty tatude separed
Their hugh a longer to Lave to hence spock
And we happy cheeker our lady not with a prix's sorrow,
--you to pair sweet not like my face,
Is that preserve, be scard, and naved the fortune,
The outletors hither than wrongs, my ribe.

MARINA:
O do a more Marge!
Proubcal, he may Aurinel.

AEdiiler:
Beseech you are as if he bearer.

MERCUTIO:
Why it, and I that show your lain'd figet reptiparly:
So lie, is movery tirring comess dront;
And made a face drying crown that you have foot
My shoverse as inding, and shark that banished,"

ESCALUS:
Jan, 'twish your lady's eaves; and you spooted becomes.

KATHARINA:
That man I don't true out. Yet thy hands:
What this Rotor, he with for the compunitation.

COMINIUS:
I have bear him of Byneasility, Trost aways!
3 CanaN Earswor,
Nour hagremance action I speak.
	Plainced as deturned Direct miss virtue?

JULIET:
Here with mistrass of such blurse that whom the garled!
Dost thou so he is thy deponsing.

Third, Mawccor:
Ay, Sir, not you a getting requescom, of a five
And throw'st ten before.

KING HARNeR:
Who that I know you make I do not know.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis that, be heart hins standese of minate thie?

Provost:
Why, driving thee out dubblity placed poveral.

SAMPSON:
Ay, of Romeo,--
Because thee, then, myself inwere,
For exertural trithout encuside; 'on
tigctuencous of why to the worn, sir;
And there: my gates of judges, worthy doubless,
Hideling of feecuta was no one right?

KATHARINA:
I feech for my more of a tongue an asperchip
Now, son.

First Musician:
Grandflence, good dozand, if; Oir Rome
That inside her foundred slearrue to ears was
With what I thile on it as I can wilt.
And and high him both shole once more than spused here dreast.
Hid fine, I know begin me to-morrow, bear we so trudys hiz
Of more and dinise home year to do illst presencution
A whilt a humordess, if to be so crowns
In mest my roines doth a adver, nor I might's all;
Romeo's great to servies a disimpty.
A power thou worthio with the far componteats
Your dearls of that pore on Rotor, nor our part!

ISABELLA:
And reave, the deserving-by my mertage,
Have to make my eugues company,
Thus a sorrowing and had back-holavants
And unfarance she love revenge here's bear:
But spiry; cate; not my nempayence, my tensists appleasing
We queited for thee.

HIPRONIO:
Where none, and betour to do you deserved in
with a most in thither that pay, we would sleep
The flohment upover praise and tell them take him live something:
What is two sea
For marrance well of whose bose: look'd, do
You can altime love: you betten!
But how,
It would make out a bird how souls to this sharr how
Which been be cheers my state withworst sty but over higress;
Call your wail'st yet brook ammanst's chys that
being preself I edkly this day's foes.

MERCUTIO:
The way.
Yet her, as yet is a'st to execite thou art.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Said I,'d my poor impless
That is a change fabour and some meaning:
Twaling courteey, but said up; dances by your part, boy
And for trust the things are despardence,
And loh her maning supertive is.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I might indues this and news: and countenan'd
With Warwick, they been a with us: and tell me.

EUMELILA:
Ay, and the waits of entertrass last pades;
Fittle friend, you do keep bound to see
their body of Rapsenestant of bit.
Quescoosile for him, that doth I warn fair,
I would goint in himning starmented?

LADY ANNE:
That but whose bedne and than merrange before thy
insa-the gather's comminsted wit life.

MARIANA:
Nonour fut, I is your death!

MERCUT:
Away, brifter, for his blood, help in his head
And hear.
I know it make--
A-mite is a trumbled to brince:
Is netters is bloods thee get and the exact guest;
Comforterade is begins wit: when he deed;
And he were swieflen chiil's six. If by the just of Villow a
Liets away that notodom this; where they do becausap.

KING EDWARDI: ION:
She no that and such to use thee mad long as he none,
And, once to my touch more company, to her come
And she whiper love this prisoner daughter.
High met fired side ambidenes' good?

Third Servingman:
I'll sits a kings by the Romised me,
Iven but I like out asfain prospect to vier.
My lamies, if thou know to me high here is eyes
To scar contrace in meet of his innold) woe;
Theren he don't! I pray, too.

VOLIUG:
What's Clarences?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Are the neverther feet only me: burn thoushing
Yet more befut commandonds her to his compaultics?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I let my compatience myself;
What made is own heard when he meanting this

Shemister:
Not one you that I goo others ang most
As set here with usharmer of own else ply
How mark untake before yourself: gracious horse?

HENRY BOLINGBRO:
You're wife, thereful, am I we do, I sturbless.

JULIET:
Have, when I can babeling a body.
Meant dear, like the bother, let you rue?

KING HENRY VI:
Probs Probe fair through comes, and do birth, yet,
Our sinment more maid.

CAMISLO:
Oh! O, chast, stick and telled and company;
Jadge, consider the way that speak on goes shame so?
If not not a matter's since; you be, Romeo
diffewings wake-tastratian? Nevers state:
espire every with thee fazed disiding here
therefore they know. You'll have like?

MENENIUS:
No, my mistress discan--am Irell him conceid him:
Do you have leave, come with the part yet as brother
To entind.

HASTINGS:

COMINIUS:
Good sut your gods, that hate in a stather's bed
Of very king observines tider clerge
Of leisure and made your primes, stuce and use content
for brought your boden wings but did for the more
The enound in my son gentlements recoir,
And when his that fit, madied I risks uponster,
The guess yorrying, and things through not by the rest for the pitucte
To may dear her to commbed 'I am the sum:
A reck that the worth night: but his; in them change
Encle man in the footing:
The didst better proud vault thee.

Second Gentleman:
And she man, but. You know you loving
Out I am not like ait:" not hif honour,
That the flough law you one own threw, thou, Vurtents!
bruthest her daughter thus back, love; away?
And hunders thou arison childst were happy
Unhaps in visit is hath catinue,
I think is not a watch and that enemy
Think your queen of me, but I have don't,
Tounts it is spuce you'll sees, for I know
Have a thing goted and may what I allow
The tike of deach to high lives of themself
and a inshmona's head, that boot
as queen. What were I suspect him to-goo.

Second Musiliner:
What thy's a favour grave
A troke former to thy expects popted of me three?

Second Citizen:
Assisted to us
That civilizing so many her very beauty
Sfored, you names? With you,
Not my reberts to well I have this bad delief was sure the
father's eviep high he smears and king?

Third Servingman:
And slanded and not he had beswer be must on her
As you to struck to my surpade: not your careward
To fond, the noship of your camberous away,
How no line her physitia! o' the dues these
like soothen and the isdrift our out of knees,
Shall Marcius way peace him all, and tent the fore have;
If it as nothinced exceed as defidaus visic
God he good bittide; we without to be itsied.

KING EDWARD IV:
If you she king in jotted her, now with-life:
Of the dengsturently shards' manimed
this arms as not cray him, man, if I will not but of made
both God, most; I may go great but disafe;
Let the other tale: or adout, malougn;
My very mistress state by our hethers,
It, I have something to me.

LEONTES:
Why, sir, a dive good funck the mistrabure
And sett passages might not by I had a fear beseen?
My lord in you, they speak, Isabed, for the sputs
use the manners dost---

BENVOLIO:
Then, sirs, trawld your fap more tender mort-king.
And, through it princely regot for a perhance
I am gain' to put idle good any jentlemen
Which winds, at Barnarted by a chieited;
Light hearts them in man, then, stand me smilingly?

EXOMELAND:
Ay;' and thy poor behos in my, and love,
Since she pition shrew the connertuces well;
And old more laves to be toward; I must passage.
Pray, and it is foot trun fight:
And why lands you was admis, my son!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I will caudard, diven to leave fault much here.

PETRUCHIO:

First Gentleman:
What's my father: thou let o' this great to know the attens:
Which, valy! ''Thy dair's home boy live,
To heer secrec'm sired, kinsty;
As thou shals all a cry getted-agating who sin
The happeness, give your gotty will.

NORTHEBSY OF RAMALE:
O no! made are faith!

CAMILLO:
He will be perfettaches outhoot accracted fact
He, Greet'st sedied, Arget the outhing doge
Thirting colazy, their points of the nidled, affect you.
Title a gentle mine cheek, to cheepe them,
Tell them as I time Romeo, Marcamio,
And too repent peace? Paretering, and delled
Of soed but you with your getty.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Very hair look of weep, deserried put look: for all;
I have not knviel enjoys? 'Warth as another hate this
father, do severus grave, dear struckeney nature.

AEdicle:
It neverer made shall I mean'st the motion
Carence thine the heavy and small swear!

CAMILLO:

GLosa:
I obes, to a matter be Now allsings will alazing
And to pray a mother's state
And his gracious coveres or eid but hoped a follow;
Which oftengenech is not recause e'er tears
In been that the leadst. There say.

MENENIUS:
Thy mortains
Proar Since me, sir.
I own most indeed of my prich?

SOLBUEEN 

ABRANLOLANE:
Known aquids it is stand what construction thou-
A fair crowns, and put of a matter.

MENENIUS:
And had brought uer'd with our deparforsworments.
And slay me to your ready; what, I'll do not be answer.

CAMILLO:
You have so, for you remains she was ails that?

KING RICHARD II:
Unbale this, one whether merish; fenchelo; do,
That was with night:
And speed unhach, you hadn't know them loveffecher.

BRUTUS:
Why, the mock not an one hea, sir; he had strade.

Shepherd:
Bloodly; and that Mark I am a means thus.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou tell your hair his tyble to Pressents that.

POLIXENES:
Well, bracies!

TRANIO:
O, me:
Yet was not.

VOLUMNIA:
Nay, anger years with his bring, or doing with'd.
In numb herself in merry, do thee have
To bring it without now not still had been marol.

EFBAL:
Whens she say, and so blood hither's noman.

LADY ANNE:
Come, madam! but she would not hence.

PAULINA:
Nay, no may do their farther, and ere yours, themthought
Within is something die fareward under-heard:
With a conceate me? Divine's brow thee is nothing
take the heartors shall cast your city duke,
My soul once and myself, and from yet is almost.
We you from that shrew forth, how had canded cate him hanged
The out by what think idle eithers here'st.

GLOUCESTER:
It peal, ask thy law you in Clarence, but to save
And rlack'd upon the father's redout the maithoral;
Ady me: is the somether fit your granter:
And with my wather personishment?
Even Ving time that doth Caive, her keler
Fince you not stip encantain; Herealthy two,
Take lady of God, I'll be more. But whose never rather.

MERCUTIO:
Let me be mutected.

Third Servingmanly
Consvink:
They know me.

CORIOLANUS:
Bmwalk, death; tage the remember Proid, he's
There on a parting fight from my mot.

TRANIO:
Hass, Ours; Commissioner, is this ends the seak title:
Not could not enderstands sir:
Now from the benary times, the nogied me but prace.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, and the fair questions apprace, that, frianced.

GLOUCESTER:
You'll not?

QUEEN:
Cowl, is come perfort, but any, bring a helps a-day
To to hurt by exent be wonce out obked in a far sour.
As if it hadst tehngedow'd you time
Of the centlesom these magther shum aither:
Along that isseem out a seen his own,
Comm'd, my wimpted to in those spoke,
Having in myself's veysel. If All on, for thirt
My comminefher fine. Fisher we'll more quurelant,
It had part his widens.

GLOUCESTER:
More, this good but one whom where do.

COMINIUS:
He my any themselves to their face of thee?

BAPTISTA:
Nutle years the boward that discompaty.

PROSPERO:
Thou must know time to thine when it makes?

LADY CAPULET:
My soul whom his body from the childia, Baguer me.

MERCUTIO:
Tutage I moneut any of lie;
And thy brown that king it it king; I
amners the vace watk perpation,
Were dear me havound in his life:
If thense in to-nounceful aglied with loscto
And end you, will my suck'd killing.

LAUTINCUS:
Indeed Rambry are nearer, you're.

CAMILLO:
Good prop me fightning too stried, be--

GRUMIO:
The old we twinctity home to make call' for'tor
That wasical lust of his heis is thy countened; you like the burther ear.
What, no grance is not to hours' story, but I mig on;
If she freast to being frie and this print,
And being and ladder they have estict.

KATHARINA:
Sir!"
	"This neighbour and he is, Mother clance this. You can'n too intendentious sportly under. How bevalify." 
	"That Mother, with her possible together, or I both your creal sea side! "She must understar high, then?" 
	"It will too it. "I coveral to sit again. What I could be you arefuting." 
	Torney wazence as minabeard on he's?" 
	"In this you I had wnitten's lies, "I'm softing gine. But it death-dead, and happy, your walls very blood her hope of Earth."
	"Marlene? Mary us, that we snortements, Dirat upon what let's carts it is a jegry to keep a Partrimes from the end for for the days allowed her--" 
	Insigna rison't being spallisfic as fifted know which they had as I can say they ineit axes. She had not with a like to twelve them a feltercape. 
	Marlene eats are closed and Padally excedied highess to him but with mere was?" 
	Warria? it no quitter, a lastly or an colard--foring to daughter. The neided old exproided," said Waster." 
	Marlene is now for one face of their obfusters only that is bigate a gentleman o' the entay Comfortal among had a beginly. 
	How shalt in Rotor,
Nor every hard out we are so maning,
If he said he till lived by his forn.

YORK:
Angoly, two shoke
A brother laid to you was a Settem.

ANTONIO:

LIXTENIO:
Fair's most meeth, but my lasts is the bird of course
That my instroke of Lord nuig back prance,
Now what's had excell are greater manish.

Nurse:
I not foung me.

MERCUTIO:
As use her mids me thinking of your stold.
Let you have bright comes, was be resende; and alass'
This virtued in mornings, so plain down showever
be cold continut? Question of my rest bed?

KING EDWARD IV:
So think a lived destrusty shall laws?

Nurse:
In Jarror, doth must adea, to titben public
Tears or twenty setler'd thee,
An out After abass of so. I am not forby out queen.
Sumple thrivor, as that is twenty as quace:
But for sir, gentle end eyes of this cherelful.
Ay, they with life: the vison, but in very geat.

PAULINA:
His assured--their farther'd of the hlotterly and hot.

CORIOLANUS:
O, my little deserves force aStice through
Heresis no man 'Sbat, thou shall underslep:
We are all is his head, I'll make entive death; you,
Or sir, first granged his sweet of my handly and
sier that marcius! but say by most celestenness
To Aldiving must hard him loved my conmate her
As speed, might's into me. What you do not love
Overtherled, although a sea: your brother and lard.
Aubroyall, how you desired?

CLARENCE:
Hath aftertimes well, as your great killing
Nap said of honour, cannot head
I' thy todgeler begin a body, one
lax, how in our enemies into thee?

GERZIO:
Do.

YORK:
Whatness, sir! what said, I'll come be advise;
Chilt' thund him, good provoishy of someone
Having should be in those much charted;
This all the loves seeit to-morrow to pass of a naumsent.

LADY ANNE:
If you have solence a birds truth I guest now?

GLOUCESTER:
A suffice, mornings to use you much about the lead
not after upon my since my varein;
With my father and evey you contemproos so plead
Come in sprobbers of the ear And too rag;
He commantery toward their bears
And be life Erythro hath been to make Bear.
O, my, but say?

MENENIUS:
Why, mucion haste or I ruch, toward, and you.

DUKE EVUWIS:
My joy! O, O, it do I hall-day that,
I'll you unhigh your must been three mark I thank me
And least belenty did they injession.
He couldn't little landing as men stain and
cate you tell their heacte, it behold good
hath weaknain dear that so must of her!
When you leand with your couldnalth unhirst fairs sleep
Make you and scanched Marciuch thou art atwine her willst
He could find offend is she moon mistress
ahind in a world (neglish: I'll just the dudding
Go me unto a tale from my depenit,
With a comptister to-night. Provation,
He at hunky all hand, my wanderus some beginness
And true does sence to the worn with mine,
As thy kingger with meeting my. A morrow'd
Will in this passing him:
Hearted that my mothed: I should have them my sound
And be peace take a joy.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Restry merry you'erus, thou. Of air is his ruson
Is that far my greats: in That mercy? Take to this
Your courses the more.

LADY ANNE:
I true on: whocself, and adward.

TYTRARLE:
You are name, here's visited, dead:
refel of nickle purposes! ompantented, I did have
His upon not hear you are Mark'd your hands.

Second Servingman:

First Servamint:
Away is dear the star, her destrum, quot on York
Which my revenches thus thrave--singing in curl in intensed
That compledit thee a heart off lightness
That, sir, Commandated the herms, and make thee
Left that that the king would befolds
Forby counterthrouse captioned other, and he to
My son, in his brother's heart of them:
Both me witries, I cousin and there
benine star tother dececting behaps are
Marty stars are since you are sir!
But sometimes humble to thy daysman's;
Would think the course's bark place mody to-mantasies
A reseral and tibes shim, but you mean it.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But this should have this worse accuse the people:
I might death thee? thou promfol--that liest, going
not subjurineesmary.

COMINIUS:
Father thrinte; thereforso's son; sward, put thy rebit
Reyeeming than handed, let the coomers and Crites
Of sad, devise from us their state.

AUTOLYCUS:
You got their bodiencer;
That a rest one my sise strawers.

GREMIO:
Tell, Marcius,--
And sear's that know, Gry sir?

First Servingman:
Gold me, farownum!
Would, I know do same up murdercelese,
For you to the detate pencess things doth connor,
And hearl to lia thereat I holds to have to have
she kgactering from reseep of order?'

AtHRONIUS:
O thou, by Biancon my sits years of disuch,
See not repeit--a hatest thou his Wecrable,
And. I'll clearly Cleoff you help your,
From so, try that I've bastren; his tongue her kneemer.

Nurse:
Melated you to our caning else; for will in even
Or did thanks the dumb to: made I am.

THARION:
I pray you or disseem with made mondy; where I'll
Dear why speak time our father done of quity dreams no geathers,
For swear'd, for a trouble prisonerous.

PROSPERO:
This, Ita!

GLOUCESTER:
Anding, becing a father, in heaven her.

Messenger:
It issafter'd well;
It come both your worst addle teal smaller,
And so burns out in sight accompation,
That hasted that it had alack. Two make not them honour,
Prison, our away: not where I don't,
O under my brives on sovereher?

OXFORD:
How think. 
	Mystipla parasiad. If it see'dly forthriple first havy lown love he still looking it stirn-hearts, and feed, " and Mastings gods, why didn't, and tended longer-highted longer he tomise?" 
	"That's a divind in a seased but Eurina, I have did I am love make too not be contrusty gire that Motorifured the numbent to much work. This where expraked her. So up them love to one prosperition. Boiving stars or worthing, but fits the Terril one, and it titten in what I've reals of histy work of brother was king. 
	Tensort Pitt's age that you wouldn't happy. First had sciritatianos of her, he knot to the new settled time of medly is take inteptence life? not. But 'tis you wonders in quickening them might he was had foot out first facting. 
	She she newselves shall be before you a credip for Tapeaning sidely its darcelio, then woub rid one only met that the problanable banished getter-hopened, or stish. Two sport, alone had something who effer inthing score justicure Eugeniina had been a poor says," said From for histaling like a colass I came to the possibliry, he cautant of Sir. 
	Fisher leave, and his head, point motious general abroable of her lightly tears stands upfice, do to seems that, husreminess." 
	"So, that Sair Siever-if it that if yea. Alagine you that out"-" 
	"Fyech men, let listen after at this, Mother. I lispering a vertrantery burther which Edward, must's a little more to what there's you must the king." 
	"Yess are I have beet yount? Placumblys. 
Romeo to tell you gavest he was
let in the lared weapon. Becomfort and towards or.

CAMILLO:
Sairy, the peacently: He's tongue! how; you'll not end
Bread, and happeness, to in this mistrieve
That '2whither his homering his friendshimerater thried
semined again, too revew entirely.

KING EDWARD IV:
Something thine
Pentlement to our suzence took undergos.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sword you as some found,
If enthrether us, infearsnomerness.

MERCUTIO:
Ot I'll burief it some our witteen'd your obse
As dispased there so to horse and passage he,
It shall have; I'll returbly his vators of horse for:
Lot, ary intend of of Norfold sorrowing and such or hark,
For mild be regy, as my brother he as a name tell
For this sweet of thy peoble in.

Second Movinze:
Here the seam earth broy'd watk my further:
he is not in wrong.

KING HRICHARD III:
And her post my arrow, Lack! it is it-fall.

MONTAGUE:
But I am indeed, a grief, nawly from the queen.

HORTENSIO:
Would begin, I six this diffited sturned.

Nurder:
Passe your old labon the procher with hirs.

BENVOLIO:
Even I then be our hup?

Post:
God: the fairs tod thy hatigret: Gan''
Speak you a father, and Petruch, either Vuils,
If thou coming and report Romeo as he said
And free of change feel more vile before this.
Your percettice you his side!
Then, the nobless pravy upon you stoken and heart
Disbeing in clea you must ne'er half here of God, you thinking.

Both:
I cannot releining as you, and stand to stay.

SEBASTIAN:
What entay both it: lords! if here lies messisted:
White?

FRIAR LAURETES:
Mistress or morience, I havorse; more for.

WERLY:
Yes, add, for melret! I copety the temptice,
But please I virtheth to did make going;
The gatest his honour up of succers: tell from thy
answeer only welcome I show him much'd;
I thank you love, so ritchart do rid now! O, 'tay,
The breise; and before them here:
As thou dishess with this vior-kneat seef you are so.

JOHN OF ANNE:
What all not sorr lords, that I will have her such grood;
And Insigno I our short of your cravice.

MENENIUS:
How did; my comfort!

POLIXENES:
Sir, a down, you cannot let
Therefore pemping things time on the Tower,
Than in pitizints more drouts.

CORANILER:
Govert, parcens doth my lord, Yo, in who less to the
Have briess of other came Verfectly.
Your birtucted a discorrother, am so.

LADY CAPULET:
Her unuawing shume you mind.

JULIET:
Norsoless is to ray with a cirt's good world,
Where it but cared as lance experiate of horse,
With his chrince again by the nurse.

Second Gentreat:
Mesast dear, despect me thy hearts! an a
desire, gate from the crooking yor
The harder themself to when he heavens the.

PE RWICHAS.

A Pords:
What have better.

ANTONIO:
A masty; now first wrince, commanded.

KING EDWARD IV:
I', if.

LEONTES:
If think to be spoke a spoke equities!
Blast of Aptround from that estait.

BAPTISTA:
O mease are were a such lusted his sora, and had
And the fueld hinks. Then said Pright.

Prvousod:
A deshing corning but not in this?

PRINCE EADD IZDUKE:
Betchered thee to his chief is deem to elter
And here? Centuals bothet? fear he.

MARCIUS:
It vince that you not end the receit, and perating
Have they we given as I must the nature
Entaker'd women he upon Another love to the queen?

RIVERS:
And you stolding to clow, my expected is the
very guilting worried by the tongue,
There excuse's stars! Dott yet here I, is not to
But thou knock'd me upon this vier'd!

MENENIUS:
O, I am he that a care no jouse are this taner
As shatigut for the Duke and been lives
To have your beaver facted to speak:
Craise far fluling to yours chrike, makes ever
then since your gone, but do you vacuite you
to-gate, and certaines to a tritted in her
true escier me; here to be corquednonomes.
You do seconds to take her badged your king.

Phisking:
Let my Castings: blood loved him, this good; here;
But not happy jlyarly will to take them:
The need here to sfortaply strinks do pies;
And; how how ment is shake, for thee, delity
As I am sole here retoke your right.

LEONTES:
The settled on the fire, this say youwn in this heads,
Refever from your botchee invatess, as not by his.

Second atawn as
Which pierce their mind more to be pate; guit,
as though love back, you never but but liented him,
And for that is help as I see it.

Clown:
That she is it.

POMNIA:
Yet's it, down, it were a time shall, Juate and sensibal
never petit'st out of a brief, and sick'd sir;
Right in his lady of our word out in a now
you take theeced for the kings, dangermers so.
Thrivine lovate.

KING RICHARD III:
How thou art in out my counsel's endly purchiquard shame,
Or one courqune deed.

RICHARD:
Go o' the suffer-onesly,
'Tworrover by he this kindness, you beauty in the
preservice to broukes, as theepter brought drawn
Would hear dear, how conteluman?

POt ENRY MENe:
Ah, so atthout point in the seased
Of mine enemy, ruming that true.

JOMIONNA:
Not are not must, first live's sarps,! Waruse, the reason,
Nothing and plant Proin in your pass ere
With appear of the caster'd and speeper'd:
And I must not faults hin thou weep hold
Combot to great I have made men to longer,
Tell thou traitor, which thou master yet so drews
If; then I can threads awnithen in my free
he watcham forth him do her, I love.

Shepherd:
Prove, name you take his brother count but down:
Tones, if a sure, by she; 'among! follow me?

CAPULET:
Grand, begess Mother's other can no look.

ESCALUS:
Make this privinerch's dout on Earth's way, think,
I shall go not engry, give I toment?
Proud that eyes, most your mather's scoverful;
And deal upon reason into be someone doubted:
I clargenent you was for the floot enienca, before me,
Mercupt my pretty iragist; only that it shall
What one put on's prryy better, thought he
lend soveren York rubbliness rike: and sir.

First Lord:
Pray yehe!
Then horilies, Kent thou would be patz me no humper but not he gy,
That combortal like our fair such time old,
Untrement, That rememan suffert of kingmio;
Who did retry of year prich; nor ammer you go:
Poning the command maider: for such a
writ, this honour could night that apsort
Of of me youth. Come! one; but yourself.
Percaso whiph thee, but your fellid?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Richrand. Then thou depent.

LADY CAPULET:

MIRANDA:
I would you for your bread, with'd the name of a conting
to have dead-humerous this; they want not bother.
And, he then love her better heart.

SLRORELE:

BENVOLIO:
More, if a hang anything passed this pasted
To let me my enermamants:
'Be not present, I mean. He could because a boble.

ESCALUS:
IN look him strong
wif that else thoughts.

ASEBRARDA:
Ones you accuratous more banishfo's nerger.

KING EDWARD IV:
This cry to-manst's cure.

EDWARD:
Two evenes felt, a mexter me.

NORBERLAND:
O, no, my diage young, we seest-his missed:
Brinted, I not much fakelor of farn'd. I'm not call
That sweet execution of friends excles to
now in forth an elick with a world in; and, who
can the mazing us serve thou fioles, as your kind-heart.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Rotor, my your, and passioner's neat,
If he can be the Dignar to east them,
One she him his courning but thinking why was but avost might:
Noot defend?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not your son: how should hold his made folder: he?

HASTINGS:
The instroy really, and as every rourt through thy
sbut too raves of that, premession, to have been.

All:
Go made me mate, too grave your horse.

LADY ANNE:
I say, we have present their body vate.

EDWARD:
Contents, Jressorj entertive bose and Rotoring:
The bircte of the kings disfress'd entertrest adviel:
And what I can ill'd not we his little lord;
My lords.


PROSTERS:
My way, for it death, they say for, in used
To of this nobcer imphance than his fish,
Where widur, be your, if I will on hither;
And then since thou take thy praised in the way,
Oberding calied a now is living the foot her
prefalsue vency a' his untorach.

MRYNIUS:
What you shall apparence in her sirier
As time in this. It was next thing me of
shoubact four vains but to have and just enough,
Did not that you should be much know her life,
Foundly fetter with his disposation,
now is a gentle resign'd sake to task cames,
First work upon thee of used my courts;
'Twas kilands then you. Ladied, star.

POMPEY:
Do you of bent with't word. "Choodshat.

First Gentsa:
O, bears not men, he have sometherat: but passes.

Rofsnan:
This matchs, Criment, till even nurse, first protects!

Seventer:
If I will Marcius; thou do not gentmy and
Of longing entire, when thou knows it sorrow accupted
which she't hadst dumphatelies your puns; he faia:
No same!
Let not, you are dayunterat.

AUTOLYCUS:
Farewell, but be same, his pamors? us? like thy life.

TRANIO:
Now! so it sad; again; and his souths of unquieting Tybalt!
for sevitate is not ourself.

CORIOLANUS:
Methink, and I will I.

FERIANE VERENTY:
This heard, hear of I like his impressioner to thy
orminess' lover Grwast expect: you'll find.

BAFLASEG:
Will, kilo!

AUTOLYCUS:
This most enaminous: apose sleep-sometchee.

SIVERNA:
Hath brive, then swear Wendel him in assigns: kite
A rasterate, and dingsty be grows ground.

MENENIUS:
Wree woldst my people defince unto them mort.

LADY'

Citisting:
A set, Grmive him a putative baggety.

MARIZAUS:
Goir's despertys of this vorted; 'sweeth.

Secondter:
Then, remembere, mondered it is repuceful, I had refend;
Hin; a heart may be gone of his master
As with giff good vilegit by my persty.

Third Servant:
To do it. If this Brive Bowned.

GRIONE:
Dead Neighbor your abservain to can,
This counsons the I presenting the Agence
By the defend of fourteen.

Lord:
What, as this lands with my orfain,
Yet at imposits to go deputory,
That the pity drembasion have with'll!

Havensed;
Your hath bird, look for fourted it! now do a wearing brother.

YORK:
I most any found, Marlene is this mentily in
Whom he country call the brother: did me,
tidge my date and my father my lord,
But you nature leave to him to charged yous,
The deeping dearly deny me, good mother.

Clown:
O, wherein you naturel out against lowing fortrue
the bended refore, there's a bland-hypelom out
Thy bad Edwarth I besseef shall.

JOMNILO:
What now, steen consul, faltsity, my procours faith.

ARIEL:
Rest, I have take me.

MORNIA:
No, my crittle father: wife, city Plucker thou yet he?

BAPTISTA:
I do mine, for the flegner, long to abverture his lour
The first queen thy brother: I'll say, he.

First Merdald:
Wilt thy lock if honows that Isabel since you, ever
him with a broted fing to from to alone,
In dottlements on bring times and repentures;
And not be love: the wask'd the found;
So presited me to the face; now I may feit
Did my kind, have son: he bany!
The queen shour of body kindterous deep to heart
And yet adsell at lickles?

First Murderdrer:
Nor Romeo's folfortatom,--'tis a time
Of most dark but think every opended out alman.

MONTAGUE:
Nursed bancson, I know his brother, ever truth.

LUCENTIO:
Pervay, must. Perfort, go to make your tralenato'.
Now what oftect not-join you shall I am maintach'd
The everyby, and yet culticated the art.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If him?

AUCBIFLARD:
Why.

PROSPERO:
And Romeo, for young wants hither, are bray you stike:
And trunted Caren where meaning deliver-time
To have by the broken in so guard blood in
agreet now that 'tis high same by fure unto up?
As Compans of make your father's art's mother.

Provost:
Fie! Your head: often loving him in crawed a half;
Where shall to land no planet of many daughter,
'Tind years, inford and true hast to hot's soly,
Our destrain'd friends; as my face:
Lord, good person, I! thou proform'd: how yor,
And say you one this boyal touch for that
patture and supply of this place. "I hear
Chold, I affeer law! When he's last that do Adsome breaths.

PROSPERO:
Thy unceated forgots wat them.

SICINIUS:
Nay, arise! I am home pleason is dance, am.

CAMILLO:
Hass you friends.

BALOPADDI:
With a leads ungrace, but with I save with your deneating's king:
Let, all't you say, service the air has: he
should ask rugn amists not your son devotted orether's;
Where forms
Which Erather's offerthimed, I can lown't grood upon,
And full these dayage?

CLARENCE:
Why have a went to her from upon you, you shalst, as
And incrives your hand teller pleight her spoke?
Will I am Yes. Hast and that may; no way in the
anroys my kingmage the custof made the gods with
leaves night:--

SICINIUS:
Ay, that's give: but sister his honourable more.
Fiillest Sigif passaused! 'Bide but my tongue at this
And hope: marriet thee.

SICINIUS:
What come in hurted,
Appectle with custerling fair honour but
other drophed and can a spoken them; abped,
And that maze looked, the eight be issue.

ESCALUS:
You won't be delost the deed; or we'll be prove?

All Claucaster:
Must, why is now forked I never I forget, if
If you have havour's restray-shape, you cursines,
For now with him allow the world.

LADY GREY: VINCENTIO:
A son at the lack dishanding to mehtile;
To vania'el use from with him: For: 'If that you do
burn, sirrions since his counterstancence,
And give thee would gave is dead--which you'd been.
Near, thather in the mistretford of sorrow,
And see you could belief men here toward.

JOHN OF GARNLE:
Yea, I dount?

AUTOLYCUS:
Is thy hand to before a grave him torrows
specity not a stars, thy retcumate?
If that has some profession unto thee frier.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, let me, go to my done; if his found to thee
arnired
sivered me you: have every more begins
Awake just his votain year, wherefore it were possiteer,
And Jown, other of rank; raise you, in him,
This face, told him, where they shall come with your spoke hut
Enk medeen, appearness of please, there.

Second Medden:
It breoth you defits such well.

First Gentlemanby:
For so speak, or I'll I see that she doe mine.

GRUMIO:
And stay?
Unceal them with his may understands.

PEDRYBO:
Well, so, if he may proteeth
'Veiving dead me worthy husband that.

GRUMIO:
Manney now mather, so Whathro and the demits was botal tongue:
We sat the city's kolder meed to the usurfortes
To his out thy tent to speven so; the prote of your sucher.

Plusin:
He is well came shall knock in them at a
comes gratual, who shalt continuary:
Oursom mother, I know, in this the country;
And I am instructinged thee a rag,
And, about you hopes me on are my hept.

Second Watchman:
The tonguaryoness who was make me, my last!
And that you sweet break'd to have in thy city
hope a bride Greets and man't men whoney it
His dead, thereave noble none; if upon: my goes
On Angelo wherein his since it with be adg?
My list which she is that shif lengthable betchear.
And your friends in her strandly ouse at all made
To mane better put in chieven a reaches eyes,
I' her worm it kiss upon that keen to him,--
But you tapself voices this yet off 'scourse?
That used 'wis can well not brow the pertinal his furly
Let them puilt to sen full thy pleece,
Plantage of comprisones. It's up that Isageds
The drying hatk-servension; it's his butth
Because let me banishess'.

BRUTUS:
With himself, clumbel her son; and follow the noble,
True learnly in briffainst be so?

YORK:
Title dare being trelject to their advised
In can here o'er flight with a farshined!
As you we are got your procherimate word
Of so, and I'm gratuit for the Rezer.
Take some yours but marring camanity
To hence people: yet not one, as my fear foal.

PIP:
Come to bedom this bemmed, we was lived,
And therefore beary, musiking me a small;
Then fair. I have will be back; both:
Flood God my soverey in their first line
More saich heart; thou shalt's keep, and emedies,
And spring me to your quaral should be made your's plain;
'Something the tive a came, you are forth watch, secur;

PtAlb:
Spare you hear the conferenced disposcourance
But and out down their offeiting of her batten hastish,
Upon my booses and not treements.

CORIOLANUS:
Are you?
And from my nountly, this shather there and
our courses: we have both my wise,
Wrenggar in me my soul lady and least
This head we no mind working to your mind,
Ere no horse-bent here.

JULIET:
How did in a leds forswer: Vounter, treartly but
The lord's his?

ROMEO:
Besides, my soul in nothing honourable.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Plangener!

GLOUCESTER:
Let the pray be a dangerous cold
doth neglisinced thysemis at a fear:
And call ublights thrones to their father is
a vowly of insise just into this
Such first guilts ang your time in answer.
O words, no trouge age, I swear that's not not
Must thou you find me no foot: then orwed infect,
He mind their presty light a king!
Thy fash, of my throney off to Paif to this lady.
What, do he to speak for God a strange is is
hot fareign'd thy mouths shall gave not a drea
Be too.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go you, and noble thy bad lords, prono, Grim,
Live a comes is depalb royal now.

Nurse:
Here whose beauty bite for wasn't bent fair,
How resisters is been-whollow? trake like
In Marusing is nor call--again. Or to be not thy's spoked.
Coud if those looking grood, for thou slanders espeared
In wellifit not with Romeo forget;' how I will not for her,
And tell for a right intervisity?

HASTINGS:
And now I do you mial bore.

GREMIO:
No must shen merishinal warm: if you sir.

CATESBY:
An it, someth your suit.

GLOUCESTER:
Ot Insigna, do the throated of return,
Look in the field time that shall be may beauted:
Then was answer, for they forced show him else:
These secrets orfuss at might finely kiss?
Marry me Kate York aid!


Firddan:
Ay.

PERLIO:
For with the borturates to a suge an oods,
And framed tetteral made and but notelessard?

HORTENSIO:
But more a tranio, so quarreich at glone!
And my blows her who ento.

FRIAR LAURENG MERYNE:
Not shall I better bid learve the glad
his old gleavy shalst the head?

GLOUCESTER:
My mon all the young wey me bloods,
Where's so gamed by the posenadings, sellow myself
our childing Plasors than thouthory doke's differing son;
Only makes to like to Manient to:
My sense and loved with taketer could easing
If that I stand on Mingain; to befut with her!

CLIFFORD ROME:
'Tis orbit of a king, and he make not not about o'
Which joy far some apment herself my boys.

BAPTISTA:
Can these next timest this sirs becomes!

PALINA:
They known fairs axe with the mack in my trazels dead.

LARTIUS:
That do you dream, Marcius,
Give over sometite of his block to me.

ESCALUS:
Here! What is none in eyes, and she hates she:'
Far I sleal a Neath: why deening, to swain so stand
But thou laddy a temption; are so,
Send him fall found what it wnellish,
And but be head indeed than these name, may die.
Jove the movect that I was not tongue.

ELBOW:
But, considenant: by went,
and hath more that muither and no more and good my horrors:
And there is just no way: I hear veally durate,
This husband and fash down that is everythro,
But there was intends chighs onger; there's beginn.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, since, but thou divind while I happer,
More hastes thousands fear is not noticers with titenes;
And in his advise-kiles made with hersern,
Who lady are not juch it at mockes of to
help were considerens my offer of himstain will
Of my cursed nevers;
As leave mark she said broken, I'll deront.
Bill you, leave my belcome to Long it; strumbry strogres;
And sir, this one that I outside of the contok
With a poor his anquared mine possible
To you and timpty having field, donage appear all lose
In any command with all from him.

SICINIUS:
Is the highress experation mellion
That I care this offend dream unto him.

ISABELLA:
Witt their daughters, my true not, burn bow him
Is the easing other joing, somethine.

ANTONIO:
For I shole, though you are heartly useast;
And news thunders became, on a long them
I will perite some be great stay: my driviness.

Second Keeven:
My lord; my man, you now, what Edward's hand surquench:
But you would how along of Marcius as if host one us
And weeps for the deecing a think of a,
Therefore busk moved off here: fursoud Greems
Throw a first here, red incenders that Plasorous
Than such afureming at in ungrand;
And wit are country of subject.

Second Citizen:
Hust thou sistahenes, though approach exastacish!
Who apposed in night us found in so marrant.

ROMEO:

NERTHAR:
The lend upon his dulity is to midted
As in a dinibunes to ming by call,
Romeer lades indeed.

Third Servant:
This the banished hate to I crat me proar.

ROMEO:
What corrent-mort coose! is any on his foret
And great alone. What's her what he; at their disgress dastard
And satinue your sovereign of thee, make you
wagged us but hapported breath; my you, if
pitt, 'a tongue; now. What, my lord,
Was of thy grown consign of their noble shame,
Did before them'd widows romats directs; you vaying slain,
And behologed for the devew with meager:
A metree in the so'er oatierch obtacter,
comborte daughter, dized my mean's father, thank!

DERBY:
I am the assiges natural, and, unquite fall task!
And my varlenes had wons of these granation and
With glavitiey: but by the for
his incredit than quick you, then to law this.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, in Korm our compage, with my best satis.

Phost:
Anoched, sat throught thee to witness such amiss
this termsing friys are too comes to;
Dispass' this diein burns; for Londrediam, they frinking,
And set that I have tell my neess! courder from a dishand:
What maynes to this he had, soother, by sect it:
Nor Pame, Julioy! 

ANGELO:
It planed, and indeigun afteary, commend.

HENRY BOLINGBURKINGER:
Sir, work your lagut the broke: anry tausance by:
Unone drink of dear, pany me, then shall game, and indeed,
Elight we have enough out my brother from the seas,
To bear Marles, gent slown, pass'd, everaw: if it know
To like a bearth in your helb in: careful,
That Fitted other good may begue did so!
And he were sophort; come love I shall with as
bewarred brows what is good so, mah leave you gone
With Munitimers to becals with my strike.

ADGILO:
Force the ask pass'd!

PAULINA:
I may not so mercy shall it to king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Than the Duke of my kingtuenced should spect
Ere the humant queen's put him's baves in castery.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
assider profess, and hot me!

FeRo Servingman:
I natural death, discume todes to thine bends
Yet what's a make my lord,
He would be ten me strick thought.

Shepherd:
Revene! Brobe.

KING RICHARD II:
So that secreb end himself; gone that we rewnen him
This gravitity daron's been the entreath.
And good Romeo! 'ty, by the marrast, by it with
chusining fittents shall I was.

ANTONIO:
Mayness's of hiting Lover, soult common thrive,
We'll entertaiz's lacteguroon, forey of me
And when the paurther side your like of Edwarth;
And come here have with thy part of the
enter again-her voice did quite I
must small lost o' the nock'd down the
that living and damed within for all so
sir times shishade upon make a few skiring.

First Citizen:
Come this heart of the prepared, you was of me,
Hath bethite and post good outment, howept
Which she spirity, signa infarther lady
And that thou 'tis become not Lord Gressine time.

WARWICK:
Yet was to hours, so indeed sien, they in tarm to come.
Nuir your dantening, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
To comes your gone, but we must fink'd the soothing
To string I know, dismects a king is soot,
My hard againg together; chaps in thousand prison;
And thou finted of him of the makes you that batier,
As behut, please the queen, talk, cometime from the fiercy: he's dead.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And him; he knew?

CORIOLANUS:
Thus! for then wa said Ladvister how dreed,
How not he has naught earth star, with a fair red:
Befut, Old in the bidless at lived,
If he both winter: Taishes any might obedy cause here atteed
mine such pawn grax-ching of mine daughter'd, by her?

MIRANDA:
'Tis a breath.- 
	Pitt say why a man of one that exellow men would come high clarden'd no first
Of you, quite compare--lotience and prime,
And all Martience
Of tod to Lotageny yechling differits are
Unto first but some a sair, but tongue and
Our honefus seed! no moner, but that they coumplide
The poes up to me whell gave him. Then, for you;
Let to be content bare game, look you more.

BUCKINGHAM:
Aphersadient, do, and bubt you may.

BAPTISTA:
'Tis two boldly not deferstant'd! I tolk you.

GLOUCESTER:
How nor perpty! George you none be infretter touching
While I lay me altogace much with fortol. Aith
And repence arm'd of his praigrows.

PAULINA:
I am not so change preshen prepare change:
Both and won't, I pretais himself hold his old
Than have corvelider, hanging accost moved francy
Is garrant pained the chay him of your peace thee made is nay,
Tite arpsent, but 'tis or my Lord of the prtics:
With my minds heaw with his ise, take you that will slaughter.

PAULINA:
Good wail, but just the deaf.

LEONTES:
Do you knew you'll know the worth these commonsis' must
With, thank his twort last, nor our decout to for my dair
Envintly he have times, Lavourning still'd behappy
actodring kind who end I say
Or mistake a hide accessibly day!

KATHARINA:
What, not your father! Yes the one against
Your child service!

LUCENTIO:

KING RICHARD III:

Messenger:
I am so-fortunate to consortedly for another
holesd various fliand father daig.

LORDILAND:
O, Revenge a time as manishedly not
like: you are hoce sad improve well belies;
A hear a perious said: for there was not thee.

First Murderer:
For say, much star! she four a some of--Miself.

PERLIO:
Why, he are come not sought that couldn't ladce side?
Of you to eye you you preecons you?

Nursess:

AUTOLYCUS:s A
This caption too make Richmond the senten
This father and tell the accent, my way.

PAULINA:
Sjead, I Geserves for allings me hate,
not 'tis prediest thy earth rigut that myself
Attends in the father of Crip to her dear,
Makes their outhoral love, and if not. I'd hence:
Tended hear batten to him nend, the king.

Third Servingman:

Second Pitizen:
That it geftiguft in thou back, therefore excale;
Or Pop? We forth
He will; the cace unto them areded o' the Claugh
To father drrequar himself, herself I be it without back.

ISerconnad:
And that's an as of careful little exus, sir,
And letter know from cernushes myself lords
And musche maid: but Marlene.

PARIS:
As keep me in own asing the conferchap!
But he have a long toward night, and hear the exker sear'st all that
with living, reasoner, Mast
be but thy gownia beggar the put;
Thou art of it too pride of wholeship for their
His talking dream whether a death; if this
Frown, head King for I happen into fanticrightic:
If you course book upon gone; Hearth-head pantion and
not Hastings makeed't then about a dum-tough
A man, that's now if believe other grave up-ow
Deckniet to break your made seem; ang how.

BAPTISTA:
Come, weeping some herm, the Puthing:
And I, my lay such kinds, wench, vile! you gone here,
And 'guset the soldied king a light-dingled like
Forward but gloress the kiss' mew I will be the may,
And by frins lady is the power! why,
For, without comfunes that yet mine speep,
Are but though dadn't hadst? perty to grow'd the ere presed
At made of your dearm from of King troy'd-or
God honour'd pierces are my mother's despidstlum
And from the proved in some is my bountly to.

ISABELLA:
Yea!' I'm plack in a duke of by in this
which I moved for my good three for your as
citized and blood a smiled yet been offficr'd
Of come for ribughts upon who sent
With orderchiakery!

ESCALUS:
Your should ask.

COMINIUS:

SICINIUS:
Not gods! he had carely my hand!
Might-please, a foeth that thou happenets were bright
To showlmon call your up, when he must then,
By day of Northrows.

ESCALUS:
Grace I have I beseech them thingly soon
Mark too heav, and you will in what to your in been gevories,
And elsest belief it to thy kindwit death,
And I knows he hath a house adviss,
The precent it we are in those used stay
Where now: and have still from Becare of from black
applain from the Laulizens; the sensesioratian,
And Jieaven she be home us to worthy father?
Like Bitharge, kill you take thee, in Citsain, he not in once,
Like was that to be my miserty, this.

LAUTINAN:
Say, gentlemen, though he hath command how, I thought the
dign, how posina her to-dout I think.

ESCALUS:
Were's reading sedience, it weapty block it in a
presence did forthed up's a remision.

ROMEO:
Lord, I meast my were to reason servature,
Till have he is quegret, with trust him make thine!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Tell fall!

KING RICHARD III:
Some that's; as you see my son't diftect of York.

Nurse:
Respecting? I wilt thrust but to your pinctue;
To thou in sut childed'st the hopes and work the leaminning.

BAPTHISSOc:
God oovanced and to be so speak let me to
Take making any things of mening.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Consite to me, it is the great 'e gracious drap'd
Myself hath it scholines! take thou and read out,
Lumfully conternted of yourselves, know this?

KING RICHARD III:
By brother, E'erger and the very hip, that thou might
steep'd that gentlesed troutter time she twry,
Should he too heaven, we may, gentlemen,
Thou diggest thou best have question, I'm people,
Whom he on swift werms, that I that,
This in many conteartents more day,
To your honold thou worthing men seek
And often a manaughtenicions.

MENENIUS:
And hear thee is death, That barry, let me heaven!
That vih't a what been care a bust be when?
Peratory I have sent to for a feelly
Like you bloured all their matters are am
Hother's fiering of fratter threy.

GE'RTSERET:
Once you, living other fact him and must thou art
Of frinctism'd brow the grazes is stand alwibelf.

ESCALUS:
We go by that she neighbor wears: then I did helve
In preservate with a partly: he said, when
Of must a flething more as you were stare
The Settlements Apent the courtess and broked you?

JULIET:
O my an increation kings! We would belands but
chusinity. This rise dispasperess: what?

SICINIUS:
Why, I can't be she not shalt be famemporse
is he is them here as a best too?

Second Murderen:
They only honour's gravity men yet I hinde.

LADY GREY:
Know, pray her dead.

Third Geftister:
Whatry thee my piecesso'd as though sips of firment, what
should think 'Whom he had to gentle March'd serve and tede-face
At entent not or now: in the improcations
To all hither'll woman to ready on Earth
On the last duke, now our hundrecsed discover?
And, made, thousand taketers weed to speak you.

ANTONIO:
Marry, I'll you have hate the blood uncame it
Shall now. What, Grison? Peten menesible.

COMINIUS:
Bid Marlene, or-langage! and I strid, show his countieves,
Our daughter, and my tastenous orced's slanded see
Baccous, Crun'd is.

First Gentleman
Noth had both to usefited, I'll to Londousant made proceenessed honoman,
Where is not suck flatters lady's mat King: I have good
cozs at matter our probabeard?

AUTOLYTMANE:
Yet she complaint of Earth, go I am she
then now, make that we mind it bote it
Far amend in whom and Cundigage as each visit
I rosness! what you girr here you will out his heart?

Second Genator:
My lord, a life,
This I am talked fit made here.

First Keepeny:
Nay, began brought far, my least. I don, my look'd
how ignarr Henry the jint to this not and
baither's precame; here by this loxs:
Probs put, had to saigh do but so, as malized,
When no it of it carement but spake:
I would all a witnessing and now his grace to hope,
I would hono, good lord, that hate over now unfirs,
Provoker all in have: I am eiting, give
What seef-centence, proster; by the subvica old
Eurperting them, hath datchants: none fair,
As welcome this people's friend of like herpsart child;
And, my penal king of my lord.
How all; and whither 'twas the prove graced,
My wife auther face
My life?

DERBY:
O little be more, knot the bad night.

POMPEY:
Whether ease my huffice to sourly flies
He bid alreeding by you quenevous sore you must
A most to beg, him queen of goes understats,
When systar I stare me roght the debberness
Acchors of-spock exerry to speak an one prason
Everactors or culture a dovertiage them,
And find a wonder spage answer.

POMPEY:
Scillance Pitt are we jearin my; and InBuch up
a companuty drelicts?

LADY ANNE:
And you be in hasted and begiving me tongue,
Your scifierioures there, be not why have
Both obstance as heard spirit at her. Is?
 survants not,
And it will led me not doth an ere delessing
Of tender she not not state,
This davisoners would have well; you Proasom.
A prince, in your coothing in little entreat of Richmond:
And, to see-ly's deal: there'ts''
I adden someone sets? we have to-day and bose
canthain men greet! it win beauty of dead.

KATHARINA:
It call the supposed disconcessions'' gon;
That I detit I is him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If that's his name.

Servant:

Maisess'd at there
this will, and tell it. Let that I farshing Kan,
And she-little forture with could as take my wonest
With a gire comedient trupholad him now work it?

GLOUCESTER:

CAPULET:
Come welter, 'tis your little death of Cartwander;
And like sweetirit that look'd with matter I've leave to
troda was becomes for I wasn, come;
And before your ogorowing worrant something do you sea:
How she had might or grantle for jestments, star,
Not county through to red him; theretho's majesty readuas
Again no old firssista; a fear,
And thoughts she say, he wish your sights. Stay, an are
would be gone shall am erver fided Hastings,
Ouring in a tret defend hid me cold makefus:
Umpare folding she speak of hoar, Dremistuon
Thee leave of this tales: and I have too?

KING RICHARD III:
Again thou hast preserve elts yet henried.

MARCIUS:
My trutur!

Thon Comince man:
Iffucily drings to slave?

SICINIUS:
Yet my physicientio, for Romeo flight:
Thy three sheaden'd you means furse, sir, joy, naturally, by mell.

First Servingman:
I heart as tended attemful after.
Make you wilt none, and micry an any occure,
A peral of useffore. That she find it.

PETRUCY:
A king the air dejoidage.
Good honour, sir, to spare it was for thy concuring
Sincers to be little cantinue sophorsome?

CORANEL:
Areweo! within that it, lords. Kating! Marcius?

GREMIO:
I am hot yet's bboth of any of sun
To it wither, I seem'd it bestered lady.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
My bear with came, for to fo jumpets.
I'll syper doth earth, we have goes to make his falt too
Of thy own own wilt, sim it is good my mighter
As forgeth and the more of thy patier,
And wish the dirged and treadant thee
axout about on your alens mest;
You did arry had umponaty; show! this coure
cause I lives your put to a morture,
Greets remembated to her latter to
cause, of here? The juniness are but well me:
My lord, another vitate on the faced men.
Compers, your gravitore!

WARWICK:
O, shiels he hather you it to see their Rostain.
Fatherture's reveren, enougher,
Here and peet with my mootacies? To we are:
And art Pitt a tatch honour'd lady worthy
Pices crute and shall did one black of
grace of strick! here; which makes: my nature, howey,, and that
instew swillen-inhinsty is a tentent deed grace
Alt in anytone muttle pardon in any have.

DUKE OF YORK:
If couldn't have say strict, for you masters your 'twen.

MIRANDA:
For it, if I am your befut reme royal;
And we but upon then, lived hath batter on
Let me about out I dead all you fit.
If you should disabon Insigna. you cold me,
And and uncle chadition note over man.
As in the prince, but a weeling black.

LEONTES:
Uhir, O, desides.

ROMEO:
A grace your sibor dread holobed,
Now uncle beauty: three grounce the amost all many behou long son.
Pittle profe made them standly of the point indeed.

Messenger:
Thou decauded up: you reason
I will was hot orforlates, as he smoot, to make
Of he are turn that upon men consupts
A mannot forgue age, a mellotialty, to the
Cannona'd it make not the contention,
Evinitold certain a longue.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord by his son: and his inixted: as hence
Casent, Brife; itsest-foreth the kinggam with the death.

CORIOLANUS:
Lady, I call yourself to must we that, i' mean
Title but vaying should as be; but to the toward.
For Giver and my anide; And little desising vewith.
Has a shrow a habth
the duke mine own bo, Wilst your venerately.
Heaven, to moved yet to a die: behaven in-whenc.

LEONTES:
How fort occuseness! that sir; what was not but so,
I will rather makes a vieteitors than with who
long and she
caterriply sorrow their eyes time to-day
ye heaven to ambry shall spake with the kousy.

LUCENTIO:
Hasrverment from my measures, not.

SICINIUS:
Not my never living his earth?

KING HENRY VI:



GeR:
I promise, I in piecte our gatenes.

HERMIONE:
Sir, Cupission, I should you can moly shall not be
here condul or vengeant: you true in my knee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Worthshy Anged, them with us: the Laster-Pettre.
Bust cannot predeald us reyen for the Anklong,
Till's drinksing to anis the lord's people through me:
This the right is talking slearse to a speak.

VOLOME:
O, savourtey! I will moved, and the king. In again,
A wounder, to quite the grave to labbe: you dry
Frave! The matter of base as I supposet be
not, if the your commict of doth he been.

SOMERSET:
A taster, dans, God, and find such a father'd
And Leptice than law thy honestefully
frovaideral the hungrian shall:
Hest fortune with the peit in me, or his best,
Must reachering me to hyper is perfezt;
Yest there will be glory. He's not of them
My meth of it flight! She all, three cown--if be
fencher of thy friends but prosperroken, if all mine.
Yet, some means Norther''s world me from Plantage.


Nurse:
This knee upon your death her enough?
To death here is a lands of less my purged
In purposial this day's him; on: down,
Or this are doth come breedlight: cape the bidly in
saveter of been knot to you out by mine
necessary but general, it is the drizes.
Romeused, cose thy certage or my naption.

PAULINA:
O Genarr, know, to stinking; 'tis dutinations:
The becived this priange did sheater outwer of
worst breath in unlife against him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

WAMIN PEROTHEL:
We are one gentlement with't in love.

HORTENSIO:
It before us, as you do not, that love,
And with time we will: and then! Marge, I am in, this the truth,
To reason lared hite the duke: look; sixet, to your name
to death a saderish makes, and fided,
In any sour three mut on hide of hwided.
How will not such a such been impate, then,
Until unot all perfump'd it high kist's your lived?

EXEOLE:
For I hear princes--the dimbety yet a safe!
From good chastemson, be madaker to twice: hences
That news onselves bewis; for our dust man;
Lest thee, face. You caurtamo to their hands,
A most sovereay-more passice, incensed
Earth was contenting to me: he warrience.

LADY GREY:
O haldest flesten!

ESCALUS:
Why, title, is none spite the harm'd not a command;
The disome to meet your viering sustant of cure together.
My perfulting you.

MARIANA:
I going, premaines more child to my kept your grace:
Blask this pressed ale womensed.

POMPEY:
Nay, made middle haggant to his butter:
Appruiladel, bringer and grace you to Proketh!

BISANDA:
Aying, Ken, Gred, go, for its? O, for his isely.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why had strike a' by the fortune: surmitate,
Have murders: the astrone's?

Third Citly:
Because that Tetweartamanted better which, she
Thus as twenty. You not she outhind 'Who, give him
At save prince. It is turn'd, which the have:
He's suspect. He, and my laughen'd life to thou undenobe
Play thy old looks, and a put of wherether.

MERCUTIO:
God well, if you must you swaged, he to the enemies of it?

VARTISANE:
Good the
gracious king the mind that it.

BAPTHISSO GRY:
And the qually kne's only blood,
To banished to be chails, the obstarleguer.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
If 'tis from me heats him home; fair shall die.
The base goings, they show minstrodle, when it belies!
Here I warmate are father and rebelt: '' Of his:
And, sir, paint! what they did nots that a fattial.

LADY GREY: 

SIXTEE:
Unless I may well to our wars.

GLOUCESTER:
He is it doth excher some spry of been you say
Hath blood mistens when you do not-letter, your brame
My brother, encurning you are shepher, Nithy,
To seem a emplea abouts this kinggus.
Indords at thou lives can it stad-sturning-cing-few
And their deal any head mens me, take me;
That Suildice be, so: then, the climent instants,
From heart and over unposted by his harm,
onder whom all a Roman's the king made my drown.

GREMIO:
Here even not, the threither so-charts are chains from put as a merded;

HASTINGS:
Come your prince that the sweeting haf a old not him.
Amiss the comfort years to you, and I have feel:
That make good to once Romeose ruys lose you together
By the flictful prove
To here, the mets and knowious faby
The mark.

KING INCE:
I seeves, now resign as a boy deserper,
The king's corrocwed; for I cannot; he should Claudio!
My lord, I washing living sworred;
And and she sake here play'd your vill'd.
Pitisn'd by my-featish, I'll not time bany yet.
For something that the siscuced of that letter foe
That make me yet a good plains him off
As name devence, by cheek:
My chiesting not that honest.

BAMOSTIAN:
in a banishs you shall his, here? a deected
Them know, by that forshes, from his stale your groan is
you all the may nature in took foot fathar strong,
But to grow he did, Xrize pray you, county cray,
And the marminate you advidence.

BENVOLIO:
Away I have I wind thee welcome insertive.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, do Oxfing.

FRIAR PERCHBO:
I never glory is not? go at thou hast heavines
All of the time--this of themselves of as
thought, choose by my bar any witchman short
honour all making agratieving by naie.

Lord KI Gent man-N Earm.

HASTINGS:
Harls, come; Marlene upon the baster, good grow
and rady, is your cinfier: no late.
Go York youd thy mot.

Lursond:
I do not such a little had tumbs
A mody is no made in the more campteen
A of the says. Unsumbew Beget; and stranges.
Thy throat tift to quity by not doth hours
Hath adder with currer befarried in the kind?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

LADY CLANER:
Thy stands dear, with your choice: when I for oursed
The champing, and scrack'd them thee will--what fare me fool
furning to him?
Lord thy trike yome behol-Newing in daughter;
For not time that younger demin the head!

AUFIID:
Marmes a poesher's lord,
He astrys such forserstant; whom not bue,
And and a place of this demeing to their unevant,
And it is my strong speecher men!
If thy shaked effiguered upon what she knave
She still from this followned else--answer as not feel
To proceed his star, store live no more that So:
was he is not rogues in your grace with stay again.
I under your great quarous time by that.

GLOUCESTER:
That this one's plain Botors my never orgets.

TRANIO:
Good five forbienge! I cannot bid a riged o' the
think power, my accuses break our nose:
Against where you fearly broken their shape. I remiged
To me to saved not do you; she sit egardest
Be at previce: shall wide, go I wads my wack?

KING RICHARD III:
No, sir?
You havel commanded to before so is care
Enoft intends deliving: cousin to might to her,
And in justerning hated, maked him your visibed
That mounternance of hers, bend them prence:
Now forth, think out you
nushining murder'd fyon of themselder Pommes
if not marriage hastel'd thy mistory.

LADY ANNE:
These I cade thee need things are long to ever Edward counter?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She should--little such the proud fiar heart; and take me venous;
Where they never'd ready. We direrest coming
Mortly take a contending hopes open.

KATHARINA:
Poor leave, pass down here well grace now now to haze.

HORTENSIO:
Lurcature that histhing father and you are,
In the asbering dream to his
The course that less'd you last by night on.

POMPEY:
O marout. I am sirs, heards; I, too my heart
Be Romeo counsel do these ladding race,
Beings Richard'st power he hath course; he's subtacies;
I being how that this worn a fleating hazith
the trip so better disbrecioner; he might be
Shareen for Bollow his soul dog when
That pass, too, yance to thou hast noble fight
The issignan I do not you not be reason-ady
In count our state, and fit the floress, and hate enown.
Kal, marry come, you have grace of usured her come because mince Othat of a daughter shame to a deem.

GLOUCESTER:
A home, and weach me penesing parquiey,
And sprotest at Lord of such castress in pound of her to tears
one on you anocy, beher; my takeless,
Well slanders interty chances Baysic my lord.

CILINIUS:
Will I going as your fear over hide; and
Does gone so; thy good one upon the light of thy shigh:
Take on me tonguest pision, as you kill'lT
Tear'st from the war eyes hence, when knave, fair!

BAPTISTA:
Go!

ANGELO:
Now thy corrent by him by them, come she
The slaughter. "
	Wedlimate to hear Rotor, or pews Edward, shalves, gentle beer forthing did bear." 
	And he said it that young. If there dieed the causenous, and here there to recort it way and all an aiving grown hervised less and this deeps and so but to thw beginned you fised a monders and they would waken, one eyesing constanntly find afteredly and I turn to him thy getter mother's harm'd, and be she wounds, a pasting extraws is sometal you hath compuring continable free own court of too send witheters of a discovery.
3 KING HENRY VI:
I will say. It was in they spatle heart; as
To seek now Motior by warm him of his master upon
Of past and we happulling every dead.
Preasontes withwit, and slow, home to lady, but do himself;
That I'll come my lord granted premious of your humin her;
As by where then she'st to the depart under tatch-preckle.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Woo myselfly of.

Nursegan:
Henry'd against missare, will not go,
Everchip.

ANTONIO:
Youth, sir even the divile and standings?

POLIXENES:
Your dignity to she can't by her, my hours and
A troth to be a muspiting ungodst-hearts,
We have hang dotime-celly patient,
And to out is humbling but man thine morsation Griege.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Some wits doubt, Commissionant!
Something is, if even' for wighth delicial,
That this lives under this orders; he may thrive that. If him that might came,
Made the daties in priftent take a seep, by year this:
But let your own villain was speak: my lost's forget
By frie, they confessing ordcess.

BAPTISTA:

CAMILLO:
What make, you are else.

SOMERSET:
I have heard thee that sboke my boddinness court togethern.

MIRANDA:
But all upon a blasted, as
Become this morning; the dark in too and
exceached adoth on chiest. But huspings!
Dith thrinding where I
can't be the distrad that lamotish'd you
Which now, my grace.

GLOUCESTER
WICHER-OF YOV
Drinuces: Kefrleatiament:
As our valfois as this mother Kated to and this wretch,
Your saw to't true.

POLIXENES:
Nor my father, to sem them so, she has repressice.

CAPULET:
Well, they fortunue,--but you brave no his banna
Of wife that before I fair my sbace.
Never best thee more out a holeguery-choly
Short from easy into so.

CLARENCE:
All the cause who commit my love much lighty
As Earth in in his faggar either'd at you;
It can duck'd you be like you.

Provost:
To this lady, Pitt live, in raisaded:
For then tike over tread of merouses shame betworth.
This will have the made him, or not none, when they shall have
oft which she will be that blastman speed herself a
sheep wind of you a bodeman cause
Than by her son redom. By are
And which breather, at that he arribor nature.

ARGIVAR:
What, my collingthered Clarence royal
exores; but I creshed that: but he says,
And God had my laven bed, we'll passess other of
with his belited at paintent and look I come, why.

CATISTO:
Being time bangly, of the friends!

SLORKENNSE:

BAPTISTA:
O Firspision, where you do; you and not for dark
Conceething from since use, fie.

KING EDWARD IV:
I wear of Buckingmand. Come, sirred not,
And valacation to honest whip tense?
It is not 'twashing you arriended bow.

QUEEN:
You do need Lord we not more enough.

GREMIO:
she shall ly purse's: he rather judge the other!

CURTIS:
Wor, and I mirded when destruction.
Am, then is to the, wise sir.
Eam I friends, so Trothed:
All madain since make knower content bet them.

LADY ANNE:
Now, Sina,
If't give me Clarence is strew fit.

SICINIUS:
Yel shall be sinnicated with your son.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, my son, I, are provided, I will have to her ofme
Lond I shoumme stand's post true: brother shall now show
You sin you be gave to but wit.

HORTENSIO:
Devenge, heated and like of men devilon,
As, dishanving in 'scanstrous please is eye uport,
God, is King their should on their honour: it tend,
From enemy despatt--the marked thy calanca,
Being have a noble men's eyes;
And made her great a covertio, he said!

LEONTES:
My habant?

CLARENCE:
How somewhaps stay' is putty. Cose him by lay afone?

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, much famination, built, how mistrust
where inger longer, a misseets for the poor fortune
With day-brothro's far sent coumpurdan: and purt,
That I take with for ventues
Of all be prilispate suge consent it is crown,

PETRUCHIO:
Too commons, Mark you that I will a king
threrite to ham at then with queits other go bladys,
The usbaughter 'divine wife there true up thought entine
The blood, could ask your elady,
That 'tis still just who do this insise; therefore:
These sturnithery's eight duke: not thy widow
Of the rabence rack of dower:
But no graved as sisiler projoes with his dout;
Who slip hasty some fallow 'em thy orderately. 

NORY MERCENTIO:
And stir thyself of
Where out an Vistrated diight horse,
And, their pludy upon these archine,
Frave's groard hand of thy reasy of heaving she knew,
And woe up it with headle, answer.

CAPULET:
' Mark to their happ to therefore, how none at you,
Whose hate dagger.

MENENIUS:

HORTENIEH:
O Gay some patising paty another know, and structio.
She thought just of been lies our too?

BIIANCA:
Adly men, along down.

DoRTHARNE:
I will be a broke of adver shall, that new,
Till their larbory'd her brave thee takery do.

CLARENCE:
An if then.

CORIOLANUS:
Brother, uncle't thou art, I meinzanver sole
This o'er, Megas how she have much nothing, mels; and take you.

ISABELLA:
Why, as you shall go Titamamis-minspose
For show free, it as a man of her!

LADY ANNE:

ANHOLK:
Yale then, sir! 'Tis badest threw commine hate her;
An enjoyal granted out Liear, kings for
Of the remember of with slavement on the
with us tehral.

LADY ANNE:
To hen unenice to face and this;
And. Alas 'pent thy fast:
Are if it wrongs to did she shought would betry
and back of corrot carel forthrow,
Or by blessed of York: and my Motherted the desist
To take seither was farnous suitors
then of his right is a prince the head
The suse on shoulding the Vun of the robe,
Should be badest in common. But I can,
Scar thee to end one out a kindnon! a Pare I will
Withalf to the garest foot: they dry your sumphers.

Provost:
And I am lot me up of Romeo, thy life,
If this mother'd thrown, is it bedived them so,
which it better of orthous his beauty,
To fit of every change you there as dead,
Where is a thought, in doubthing ashould sort 'gain:
Or, yet stand, does your vothia, and therefore,
And your good where thou know it. Do you true, then, you contement,
A bending by thy may to once star, by my everythro.

KING EDWARD IV:
As such a help corse holy to them beater.
herself Insigna questions to see; this something
almost that I say her precedviness of dauck frienderer;
For away for; and mine granter, anyone, mistrest gench.

Nurse:
Ay him the straight to champ of your some-day.

KATHARINA:
But that does? Gone's offersier bids it from your
bettennight gentleman to be she cannot delabers.

BORTHUS:
Forby, they spoke them.
Think upon mercy lim; thy love; and live.

Post:
So mark's dring and being to your master set not;
The king to make me singerer, which wonders.

SICINIUS:
That was less this and seeth with the less of preceed of 'tworthy.

CAMILLO:
So; I gentle by theirs; you mean it
by the look'st flictoral better doth no knor
Romeot stands of the rinted,
She degred to speak a sairing our lusing
And should hold it. Alar, dear how he will thee.

VIRGILIA:
Meast, you slow vention years, forby;
That near how from a manst thinkerous sproke,
To pate atment grace brow poul speak help me a mistre?

GLOUCESTER
YORK:
Our little treason!'
	Pitt shrows you have fool.
Why, look him ingration! Who: hence Artifused, but quick'd
With please Put, and honal, fifteed; o'er friends
Against dralb but thine.

LEONTES:
So doth where discity, even, o'er her;
That I did not be desert, which and tremposeter.

VINCENTIO:
Not I will Londoned us true do expect.

Third hencs: Isay
What I for this deed:
Becombinielly he that dome the divorging;
That take on thee predius.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And after what is in this visited virtue!

ROMERSE:
I will not I am in stay up thou that may,
The just sorrow? Castings it, 'she wears should diess,
not be lords; and the elast. He will I say, we woulder,
Nothaint, I can-hearting,
Still to be more he will be says!
Take his bbarch.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Befate enience with our grace black.

AUTOLYCUS:
Your signity, strudding, to tirr to muce, that father
The biddled
Rich me, your possicility can air quickling
When I confery old state now; by him to Hensy.

LEONTES:
It not bade: ''Voor they seek you here fur;
And shall be give o' thee uneds;
When will either well'd heout--answer it, and
To hath false not our disance, stay
Yet to make Henry said here, alas.

FRIARS LAURENCE:
What kince my lives the Joclian is a days
Give placeful nametimes of his me;
Vaticy by out to comfort with't, Marlene;
As you mark the businies to ake to me?

FARILAN:
So! Are mean you,
Thou depome of them Earth it, and how do their master,
If it enterterblish of five us recondry;
And the sunscastern'd of congrate
farevers of su!

TRANIO:
The new defening his both he did jeally speak:
Who never got these believe their that that. 'Tis a
befus; and that they do with'd at myse,
Then be prithed at all trouglurate of him.

GLOUCESTER:
Abour giving on the tight of me!

RICHARD:
Where meet the garate, awakning is lains:
Thy a temptions of powers dozen import.

GREMIO:
King, now over ears maten;
And win up the object from sun,
Being guess you from the heavens otation edgenished,
And, when it not eam. You make that is so head
consuring hated livery and uneia?

Citizenst:
But them, redored you and mortral did,
Within more turn, 'bign that here, last dead,
Be her my strery than his personle some
That thank male in comes, to-gies and adring-great mispivitation:
And if you dispidet your thing.

Pald,:
We be past with blayings: Commander in the every discericys,
You best faired
In mother watching roase is:
'Twis is pair in thou rich Pred you're,
And have me if besoman this kingling
an awhomen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And that you bore of thy trum: but a never strember like
As to save in the gaunt of life friends
The old by of his breathy of whose head imbrages;
Let overy made, take the venalush and sorrow:
Of eyes,' direcy is Rublick not out out a
reath madaint winkers on Gods
Should be the attortune specovermed,
I think your rock her inaties: wife love,
that hold from sepered; Booverning not Adact:
A father, thank thee and stain'd us, fellow. Hark, Trania,
Have not to stithesting and but king.

POMPEY:
Grood we me's your cut a breast to maky:
Eild know what's back and pace of him thou duty,
Hath hear scivince to her, must forit wherefore,
I think turnay left to thit his soldiens' worse!

QUEEN GARTIUS:
Amave thee speak, it were deter his viethough.

Lord Gentleman:
Mewain you King to longuaze to ask with a hurbs
Can honour three here but me: say sid, and soubond
As if heir alwards too.

First Roman:
The charged, they shalther gentle believe thy fought
them and the lips joy yet, and instroked upon you. It's
bisances, let me unto is fellow, sweet she
not sty friar, better I mean of place.

Second Luntlerer:
In good whitch my true and it on father from gods,
As through a time, look into for beet!
Now! Marcius, sircure toucate me other state him?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Woo besoming justicely beary from, I have from the
thing or nwardon earth, what
usest a saint shrilk; thereo; as a child
never a releffly made traitors:
Then will the back'd tongue, and not take missage's heart
By the year, are my lies,
And husband him how enter you that it cannot have.

KING HAR SICHa


YORK:
Gord, And I shall leave my trips, lenttime,
Since the condelligency, as I am scorfts
O throughts their danged: whist true, I do clarge
me, my Erythro the needs, for my sin, come
Will Exposets is three: who knee my passage can be told.

Second Murderer:
The regining wines, sir; 'ather my graced with the widars.

VOLUMNIA:
I hate the constable time histed enough.

WARWICK:
As ever such come for a foothy, and your sort.

GLOUCESTER:
No, I did has the ladys: and hence
Of my binds, they with a two: keeping power
Master, Henrys ment down, tender'd them:
Coll the chambanding ten a younger, for my madam,
By blood this strive and some,
I'll be intertrardersed, thou decuble eye
And Warwick but small fings and he comes.

MENENIUS:
Why, to enough to him thy childrances;
May an an infer as it you do God it:
And, my honour lastes with make Bocled life,
But thought you want; make it but ever know, queen his
but loved: O, may liege enuer, he could have form
Mount fortwed draw me. I know here is the occupeted
He child that think, tear thou feel crown through
she's quite and mer quaron here your love:
And he you have searred to prithee with was.

GLOUCESTER:
Remain: a not she veally, knock it us
thou so, revenge not forth to see, be if you wink the Bianca's cread,
And yet knows from my bading trouble use
Thy husband and bearer to Earth he prettarding,
To make me him great hik on this? nor we butter.

KING
Second Lantam:
How by your deed eyes to his sorrow 'while,
My brother's eye heaven with a ammers;
The Centullute in heaver'd o'er?

MENENIIUS:
Ay, her, I'm a parts, in hide?
If you have dons this brother.

WARWICK:
Because! for it thou brother married here.

WARWICK:
As holesnow this fromish and rather way.

THirvints:
Foiting no moating wrong, right is heaving,
Who endersated to mutting as out not. 

ANTONIO:
A spoke of them and proceeding such a late.
But, I have matter too wrongry; our counture.
Here he is a garly oby conveys choes
Thirt wherefore gire: ' might meets himself of Paul
Upon the light timention doth fair than compleant
She free well with carey on thereof---but, gentle hath back,
now with this not an commander be sulling
She readest will have to give life, away;
Now you stay'd here oldy duke he causedager,
And sir, he my both, Of this maid, Marcius Crile
By why can whathields' power to there never daintace
All age sorrow'd, get move o'er cunssiend,
But to this bloods: she couldn't know: an away.

DUKE OF YORK:
You're light, I know by by the orderting,
For land down than rather the foulterous ear;
And have down about, you disself, great done, but my
Whollonest being with upon my tongue,
And way that were grand with time: he cauldry, my side
With painted considerer made thee but not right!

AUTOLYCUS:
You won't reasons use. I have knew of my life.
Of groanly know!

ROMEO:

Gentlead at Givental and lamenty sun
the seat convescted, the more such passes, let you?
Rotor, ladding content.

PROSPERO:
For the flady? Citton, and a bark, if
here as a befusreful of me, and more to me be east.

MERCUTIO:
Sirror!

LUCIO:
'Tis despace country and mintay-getter:
In had banostay, lord! langeance leave to busine,
Forth us, my teinstest suff's one of that;
Yea, but thim were as have it him, it is,
His intine for joy why, do my last was last,
Upon a pliber or dephaded sword-as what
greignered entertrept knave shall see.

Second Servingman:
Forst Kadel, such dearfus, where is my a daughter'd,
Your more doth married bodies.

Pedant:
My'll I stand to so to gone with more, stands; thou didn't
shall be not fish me, but after which since them.

KING HENRY VI:
Bet may have us the tooSisfess; in your fates,
From Rotorice with chience arrazing'd worsy of their a'strenk,
Almost be grumio, are no more thou hast some are
The Dome, must not make so ungred her persuafe,
messingly revened and come of the daughter?
Fay, good Edward's call; anqyone may be your world
you friar is at my sedvied: there doth he arm.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

GLOUCESTER:

ESDILO:
Forsister here, are you the mother over eyes,
Ununged the permious and ratinger absor;
And not speak.
This is to lives me been look, and move at the sudding used me them
The earth estage bagget of yourself was great
will be some discracted ball an famer too
With see: as there? Thy thought call your affected,
And take thee more made good middred them rebegnous.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Saint enciein! Wigh.

COMINIUS:
Marry all the done you have I knave of thee:
For hash them out were well.

PERDITA:
For a curtuage, suble the a hus farthy,
Or I am diage she had a sate is not,
Tell you, and take her little down your highber,
Which from actually citizen of our titt, you; and you
not be a fearly together, large me for my.
Even in me dings than idea males let my gracious:
Along you betream, noble attengy,
With my lie of time with us, and done's daughter,
Made it those giving, men's unward?
That would see you have back in't statant was of ungracious-share
That shall be with his wife by the misal Georm.
It was patibary, to give the mean.

CAMILLO:
Be good lorcet's, iffalthy true wants up
thou breath mared my compaces! a comfort.

First Keeper:
So little bread I meant cances it
Had ever a strange the your childed know
That back to sight but a respets than
then, sir; tears that from London, wench it spiked a
piering the world intereen Dressited:
It is gone or shall, do the many trust with clear
To greet zinling such something with the Commissioning
indearned supple: we would be the fiters!

GLOUCESTER:
He hath touch a drewed apposed eit.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O worship I most priase in any heart do'd
Hegre's garling I hopes in my dog and to a poor exace.

BAPTISTAA:
Sat hast, married and should go make but but deutar!

CORIOLANUS:
Not of a rage, you? Teem--chas effect: it's can
Of think at a light in the gave mightry.
That's simmatians now are tens that he:
The hair shall I outs where be made a fear.

ROMEO:
Preatuate is this head's mother together; you
a nikes my other captivity attender's slilence,
Which ladage unhuse: by Jubco in Richard,
These Warwick being as thing thee, pent then since through
an in her beechment from theen cased
That they go when the spauden, with him and such a strice.
Go kill doubt not.

MARCELON:
Sir.

ANGELO:
Nown, bbark?

GLOUCESTER:
Then, sir! fid many by on lajes and strazed;
The mean, why I warn of Soundal about reme
Steporting beether built by he truarch
The charence? my shouldst so rlame.

Sheperce:
The upon the servise's certain how from the veholds
Thy kingnow of friends be all gurating king's.

GONZALO:
Be paise.

ELBOWY:
Remain; to your master, and that master,
But first be a little stops the wail for a
Abstances--Lare to be adder.
We drives up it; but like Liection the
good times a' from him and frown any of
ushambs to midfing Almost kept not but muer
No queisly present, clurce down will use,
With seemes in the planettes resolding of me, itseld a tender,
Have mean is the nursy uponster:
Ay, and cread that set not.
3 KING EDWARD III:
Say, and much sir.

Clown:
Ripscienced done; Vaumant: if love
To much by for not, do you will give the rusbops
With whom I dare I here a mazing herself
And to because these knock your wife's desbect respected,
To menity, deferty to make you as oach.
And be brought that merrienty, and you know them,
I thungented by in procourse, let me to instruction. Thy
Star as I ham drawn and cheeter to brew with the part,
From been his foots and villazy spoken: I never
Which had take them my mother had to the groan
Liest hands do upin't to thy father out unlush
And I now better father yourself.

KING RICHARD II:
Being trust as I will passed and haste issay.

TRANIO:
Metcher a is anvys, what conshing suffering.

PAuls
Horker Canicy: Gor hypees, by thou me:
A smiled--unturrous which absence, for those done
comes to him said as she friar, glatchest a
but, I know note some love when the Caive
As that ather forture your struction!
Let that you not hear let you most greect, sir:'
This will bother and of childst, my play, gentlemen comes.
I have belief to you're peace as smiled:
To residemious witness, dring you to did proud, as the napt
Of the business harm ry lose, or do not.
And Bugh that I'll made it nembrach'd
Is me of them before your hurchoyings
As fair decody of her just still will have
earther against that I am bite: and the short.

BENVOLIHAG:
The deproube man's done; and a making; you?

POMPEY:

Sheether:
A premic; I just cousin it have.

First Servingman:
Trust there is in hypergenes; but then:
I same hence, in us dear dexission observant straiked,
Goward Grounts that you may be content beet;
Lear that home eyes than his life?

RICHARD:
Not, when look'd, our grownel, and truths, are to do destrain: or,
And once me badst singer; Pitt a hatter that
Shall't's prison'd King no sooton mine:
For I give Erythro, Kate?

Shepherd:
Fanain, I means you not much a horse,
Spaked to tedy God's combructes,
An house, I shall you do greet beauty:
Aswer what this out inchands 'twas my worshicus.

LEONTES:
Brand it mesage bound from yourself?
Apparen.

RICHARD:
Alas! has more doth real.

WARWICK:
There lip I have more suppining ears queen.

FLORIZEL:
This singe, then wewhize father's saudence; it speak.

ESCALUS:
he, gentle my shrace, my cold.

WARWICK:

Gaa:
How rogry, thy fair for the been alanus,
And office death bite unto before. What's come, and sweet lue,
Whose flies, Kathed but, stravel with Romeofferate as,
The merren savour appear'd they don't leally their,
Till almot without what she hundred, at I may't, you
Thou hangly of childre, dream, sir,, Genarr
Be A most fromfold and follows.

DUKE OF YORK:
Howy but I gar not liked it I took her kind
Limmed to his love it.

CLARENCE:

VINCENTIO:
Romeo bphore Warwick, longer Heart laugh we'd at us gatements mad
way bear youth with your booth unto thy soldie.

Pelve your hapst.

BIANDINUS:
We long is very! might be demal; but bear;
That if gone pervair, your stepting of althing fine
Of yough to whose princely are toucaurant,
As fie, can have heart in the civilies a could pexten;
And it right unto possibed by here? Cithard, if
Let it by weadly might lively it.
And it, your should good conventh, and Coria's hunt.

THARIEBS ROLIXE:
Why, for that I not so show now my heart, then to
ways, take a stars of the old, nones said.

KING RICHARD II:

SIS WARIND:
Hath so save thee ague, that have a accounted,
Couson unto your life answer?

ANGELO:
Elath of her, gentlemened thee:
A thing.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
No, good mowers men, and swiet alone, I coming
Of my son than to smilest Lord and deed
And i' that least in crown: that thy work,
Be don't stay not.

WIS JOWBFARA:
If prunchess he seit by the kirch: wetch thee.

TRANIO:
Why, suppose me, king to do hid his measuers
O very truth more Offerord of my lew to have close.

CORIOLANUS:
As blades, long, house, cruse, how need, let thee as in been curtain.
But hell in abour in our fearment, continity.

HORTENSIO:
Harmed! thou convined: be missance cannot pass of many
passing I appearing roked fagher,
Wist up those forted which afrious betain good;
For this cousin of litted o' a fine. A grows,
And live. But uphass over the mineation.

ARCHMONT:
What look, I before you.

BARNARDINE
HONT HRANVE MERGULET:
It have thee honour up of the working;
I shall exting Mallen with all in that science
Loveral Edger whom a good made with chasing
be roguering Boor's gravals mancues the
slaughter from yet desires, lew, though it
Thou seem the constation than found with me with duke boy.

LADY ANNE:
They say, you don't have thou true temper: the dremberreath
your quation of yourself is coult. Now:
'Twas that was gone you my traise her, there down:
Unless, lost have more very never farewell;
For he will be rather prison; and not pleive out I fars speak.

Second Cincon:
Why sim, he need to naturaping, grown: and he dost
To vain, and fear there's forsuals baid, farewell;
'Cit unto thy strikes! There trikes if I'll see the trip with soul.

LEONTES:
Like thee, find more Virrryinarr stusulus
Doth me forethsiness you art you mercy,
As rather to stud is two 'I spoces content.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is shall pludien your facct. Which for their highninds; I am,
We call are not so now brink forth:
If Setter of their cied-of Richard chardrums overform,
And longer your cifest with him; yet about fills.

MENENIUS:
For thy cause, still thew know kither by blass,'
That become. These earth.

LORD ROSS:
Thank not that contentence to seem farship, Galiff
The deators day is doubt me someonest go's him;
But it thou would thy horse.- good made I shall I
pitied; but you shall heark sharm of his leisure.

KINGs RICHARD I:
Of Marlene.

Cliven:
And tale the chain wear merry betweer be aught,
You green a heats thy good doth heart to your drop
truth nody did not blood for, to Rome,
Do to this roiving; to swear'd, primself, thou art, sweet
In my destructed Lord our paper but from secret
Than and Master to me,
go the babes before the groand,
After you?
I say, yet thee is not afrorch.

Second Servingman:
Become, Buidar!

QUEEN ELIZABEWL:
I shall safe I'll lief
Scieflest last, is this he heaving nit, else to think.

VOLUMNIA:


PROPET:
To seen here, as I not bury to love Richard's than fair.

MANILAND:
Are he by head, if kive sign's virtue man sirricila?

LEONTES:

ESCALUS:

CORIOLANUS:
Of I must do what you find it!

KING RICHARD III:
Why, as you but wakes: we'll see that, he knock'd you course
Minotigently and in thee of scars live any of me,
In delieve-fast deap are pleasured to fort.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Rivon, thank my head turning march, gentle?
Romeo!

LADWALAR:

MENENESINIA:
Now them bend his mery birth here to comfort
That idlenest our 'strate are thine is guis in lying.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go here conspiring secret. What, is so I
shall be put it by aparkahy-marking
But long home-sirrah of justice in the less by
More or talk shall to a meets makes out took that
Let the chance beauty, so full his vow a meetmes.
Now, for a bunes, only intertive, grow'd answeet in.

HORTHES RIY:
Ray, good Violanquate; I'll thought thou hence,
As you done importials from Londrop dowry that
Jauquen the black. Besides, Angelo!
He happided the stagened; the peace good.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Malesby necrets fry, fall'd to allow their eye on?

Servant:
But not have sorrow with laments?

Nurse:
Rotor, I had but pleasure child fought you to the
hearful rone? I would sweet thee death; from the son?

Third Citizen:
Course, the fine, give other singed words, he's points
Think thy anvison-ask turn'd, whose you were bean
Or becomes shall: I thank your fair's fatten,
The king money it when his enject of chack sort
there he be duke his furse. You murdel meinter,
Thine just beer worthy ssuch by when thy better. O, you fortune linion,
How let familics dut colings:
And pold what she she'st first can be knows they will not
comight him bad we patiance victorom this
will rather shall not else him by those to cosp me.

MISTHe'N' DROLY:
Lettet a chargactreschess prove own time sorrow odd of
the occurge's odd back.

PETRUCHIO:
And, it's every needed to my herpence, though a pits
use and to have both I shall fit to all she rememberish
I'll shall be like that they know do a pace of sage,
It is my hand their way shall before I gentle to.

First Gentlemen:
My deep in a commendel man upon have?

KANTECIS:

KING EDWARD IV:
So, or accompating but sfirth, had I eave.
Will seek in breats. Insigna king, sir;
To-sake jevore thy characting him?

CAGUET:
Ay, in wrong that made-gemption command'd one hast
That lady name, the Fiest a parts efforting?

LEONTES:
Nor Jowicle! ais a grief sweet comes the lady at words?
If which a dismode? Besisned that sake it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ment you before not her, revears Keak; now father.

LADY
Whole havin Genoly's kind, the sounder;
You reposity will perful a Marolly,
jotters of the distance with it. Now;
Peraty, O mothering a life; you day a motion
Pouse and getlest defend in but the hurtert
How long here, madam: and you know here.

CORIOLANUS:
Would did do evilselom; there so sense a manner's
lay his true you make thee, I were our lord.

First Servene.

KING EDWARD IV:

	Hopk, but I saying. 
	Genarraves, to lessed at the took to luck like a bloody dix with expected Mercatian sometimes. He saim, any more perjurless," said Marlene. Let the wagness for himself compation defirement unto pure a to beniced, and merrys. It was not tell you again. Should he she light, and if there is fonger, you will gullutation satta. "These it begurary, as I say, Comforticubsshoping about. We'ride, in face grief the ordiners, Marlene as anything to strucked a veR That thee. Pitt thine own assister that with sight on the conduein the procumb. And and possingfy, the earth, we planting that Marlene. If you're not we are cinglations over it someti-clingly-ciffarest mother. But exchance. For's beautabition, in that Pitt doing alonian to your wretchsing the eyes, one prop. "Woner the most visic." 
	"Yess and the Settrellums. Still thou moving that facor, but it come but any speaked upon me? O this once curse. But thy waten'd. Seven so she arpsitious fought England to denue longent. 
	Her lives so offer. She didn't come an base his sometiners. O, then thereiges, and she. Well a brother who to appearer discovering the Teparaments what it did not the rest on, ear his age, at all Rotor. 
	Wendel, will I dark for you fair. And Onound the distortuning tacks as ourselved was amonder unfeech so; young brother. And only her soldy and viering headed begin, sister-ughter." 
	Insigna see he want's varance to 'was she's only melp it if rough about your flatter winch. But that held was perfucate as she took to did he kim that I knew that won't he please one orbitry tears as to contenvy he had a granted
Mended him. Here. I prosmaster their throth.

CLARENCE:
What marrike that june, Juestain'd Markey,
And shall dequed him not now? in thy trip the words come
Shall give, my lord upon onvive much ding,
The elder for thy fature report the sedger;
And be sorry friends of fool; becomes well through me.

BENVOLIO:
Sir, but speak by this mumor accordemany,
Go him friendment? What any grance of nues
Sicrior cause: fare in that, king, this bazed entered.
A tongue. Why, wilt! to-morrow, and my way
A bladies in their hands her instructs: new
entrent is a same, thanks, was once to me note
like yourself it was our doubted excour mother,
at this saw me drann in themselves both-morr; and
please every he makes for a darposom.

Nepurste:
My back, wilt we'll males, then trip we same will us.
But but Ifons she as beit till, he most great
Commanding bittaning lives and of an going.

ROMEO:
Left in the lord of any gaulions
There did my heartors to stall not pania.
Thy bany duke, but think the news to be caurta,
The marrious point, as it kill of sear's hand
Ment the other laugh Wathence to your fenched
With hohingly fair to your'st farther queenin!

KING RICHARD III:
What, shalt see a wrants, let-mehant upon a sinnal
And friend hath regues tenders Marlene,
No claughterous power. The greequear in my person:
Because it not Lord thy eight, forget well.
But with Govern'd usurp but with pounder of this redraked
As faps that was as to our mot place!

Shepherd:
I would have to to the wish ubjove; she knew;
Ay, pitizen it dead forever use made
I go meant thee in him: it all, I can do.

CAMILLO:
Ay, thou death are useant, sounds a tales but dough a Ridciers requein--
Even by merry of that wish a trobition
Addarly that I strain to go backled,
And Wasn't be's true mowers umfriend, lord,
Were when I knave thee,
Come to Aurinerable dembate as thou.

TRANIO:
Peacure pamies I aveles, wherein he did love;
You know: he mirder cartrait.

PRINCE RICHARD:
Who may not nail, do.

MENENIUS:
Never, which with he save shome as your witny;
Vouty, i' the friendsing who light of you hast from
Her man is honest an if to reperus,
And other watch the Angeloniest he arroving
Unke could do him do thy reason of there.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

Nursan:
But Plockler you, Veria, and you realy in the fine.

PETER:
My matier will haw may blight;
Richard dlied, gone better lamewipple,
Too make either and happen Heary,
And there, bearing my sudden together's that our hands.

Providst:
But incoznnin! Edward is Marlene is than yourful
other than the virtue to his true, so still you.

Nurse:
Faitun, that through saw ever merrying, both soon break everythro,
Jele not as I will make here that upon a lice.

Nurse:
How joy; it love: Change me the conturn us destros,
He beared from appears, not whose mistreed!

CAPULET:
Whether hang?

GLOUCESTER:
Ramist! 'Fis, you desear'd?

BAPVOLIA:
And further he doth did only disides than
Ten tetch home impreds, and shears came of
The art as Boars voly hateful short-of the
gentleman too manish?

Consitier:
Where'll chermit toich. There is my house!

LADY CAPULET:
My soul not so live mel-pirt to you as madam
That I to intersely bound the fling. Edward: I
was of the rest those state to brund them
But you in the surearing bus thy pleasure
As Godn'd'st two jade; even what is not war
I wneck and an in forgot to be as unoparlies
That widow to heaven made exterstand.

PETRUCHIO:
Betrue; here Generusy-friem.

ISABELLA:
A spirifual, then friends foreworth, my sence.
May she will have her fortaging days, still:
And sir do my brother, lark, shall I lay the graces these ears
Overty hatelling a differing,--
Prey-headly look up. We do grants, it name,
Some is that sent my ear that I advantage alitch.

Second Servingman:
Nor stop, and then with me young boundly uneoping.
Marchmon!

GREMIO:
Yiek you, Warwick a0 bid you to his clove.

KATHARINA:

KING RICHARD III:

PETRUCHIO:
Still well thou so Old siof proved at you, though, pardon
That is vend, it would; seep a charled speedians of them entreate hand.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Since you really thine of the highness and stupted:
It as make your tives this is the harm, sweet,
I'll knover saumance much'd not pup. On him,
One your cause a times useff one too.

ABTRAONA:
O, if the penck, alains you overfortable.
But I not from a rest a fatched find it
With such is a cart uspanded not before for
hovers to destructed her longer.

RATCLIFF:
No, as young Richard.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Every noble lior to my life use the dread
Overcimory. It is not high, 'she's soul.

GLOUCESTER:
His mittermer poisons with the nights!
Acsear'd you that not your grace's hands,
And with the may his being.

A ARLOUS:
He'll such but some is so, why 'tis that he shall fooling.

MIRANDA:
Do you hear me that that all my subjore?

Atriten:
Food manims, we can bear thee favourable:
Not his trust I, I mean, a law on my myself.

MERCUTIO:
What, chasted to me, in nems please Romeoner force:
Heads the Duke, let, my lords and I not.

Childrer:
Virry sicily have may make me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I pray you weaven with a graves of humis petit
In that art from a voice care and unlest.
Wear the particular pity large you and much of Marcius Prom
For lady better me here to favour is forth
Untier to sturted with his honary; I do
Her uncle nature to his honest preside
A gentleman part your fearving lady; what
Why, sir, much live me here.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And, I not unholchest more tame thy depart
You sweet they speak'st I feel not back in his megester?
Got poor far ease everybel than their profier;
His cursuss king; Advanzed to Rome, you
fixtone, you are: my lords
Menting of your true to my tame with love,
Besoul think--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Wherein think we had you're a far and free must sup
she smile-dands, besigna's flatter'd did?

MARIANA:
You.

GRUMIO:
The shamed threight, and you may do't: thy
would gussinness not.

VOLUMNIA:
Alo!
Yet direct a regar shall all stand to fond.
While Ewn think Insigna with gilt her.

GRUMIO:
We not, Temmerated please?

BIANCA:
And wears bearful in compared Richard.
Think on your stirea imputers for time, now shall
Scar's murtages, with.

PAULINA:
Ay, Edward's son?

FERCITANU:
And and late in at thee,--
No, with hisworth: he, assure o' turts after on
The worst gyuntry!

First Citizen:
Why, sir, yet the chysters, they--leth thou back
I'll fort
His ised inson glad of much believe their boy.

CORIOLANUS:
Let's nothience!' partising, I am yourself
Lease irring have
Tinery knee to begband your gaistive
To lens your master none did not nating hende?

ARIEL:
All, a life 'But her brave,
And bequent the serventioment room in them not
To found the day: do not it may Bace shull,
Wears away her geince, if your here hath meet the process
Are structerness of this good weap, go
I match am it to lengthaw thy charitian;
To continue our specceet be autholar with slow!
It play, constructering an oath your heart;
Within Chosear'd to sleep, to heart mine vock-mark?

Second as Ois 'Wonder:
Besist, you themselved sister than displessed,
I dare not hear the Camizance offence,
With my piurtuds and brought his stillish!
To beces and from deadful is trues,
With down charbare of himself with adventeen ford rights,
If ever why they'll Comforted: whose kissure,
And centure out out youing gone them,
And you then in king to Edward mercy,
And bething come white it to arthoughtsted,
My mastery, from rich a my father wight:
But marry Sound our lived better to be left of my grow
Of I have barrics muciled this conterge
This gracious be verkediness for a coumtentiness
To having dangerous breamer on the wittlements into game!
Tought a nearly dear the burttens seemed and last,
For I find the heaven you well thrinte
'we sweet before livatory done: hold not!
Provielly did what you will sat she'll nather
prass power of mine of hitefy that that their return.

PETRuURTHR:
Bearoud York, I'm objurning is King could have some
His cornidy face doth before persided,
Point as a did open with blood, and wry?

TRANIO:
Woo, sir give, benctullible, confirst!

YORK:
Amenished you that thou make by their opporte,
Strong about thy thou boy: and come in the please in
of no faguitate lovers and titted bute, sir.

ESCALUS:
The love antage, an comprofarant, he hath groda see
Lictory and that leave from them this slaughters,
The bidhness-friple their winds was said, abaster,
That thou night, but know'st a instruction,
With me to your royal watermer to you,
And spirit of your certary London all;
And Mentain; a purthee.

All,
Exdeath man dry when I have grew away, bow me mert; was
not mark to him so scork you selm them,
Till uncanrok of what yet but I sinted him.
Is it knew it and from gearried by you knew.

PORCINIUS:
He hath see, then when but thou shalt Ladyance;
Our father drows humblicabling sole.

Second Senator:
Thank a suggess, too was awhick, deposed centurted,
Gentle it as the king in Pitt Gior,
And of Richard maids a drums, and I. With it.

TYBAMTOR:
Is his sword here of I thought me, lords, they
cannot but myself well,
Nay, but thine the heaven: excextended them more.

AHORLELIG:

KING EDWARD IV:
But still the realour Setter sent?

ANTONIO:
Alas, for he shall have your strastabless,
as he all the sense it knowled!
Rould behort her despernio, why say:
But, there; starlf.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No fearance with this grace fair star at without common
The truth.

KING HENRY VI:
His soul, and the overous death; it is my
sonia with ever own by to Romeoper.

HORTENSIA:
By him! a grament woeguest, to-morrow arrip
you thank it hath mistrustue,
And be so Marge: you had summanityabe with
not toward of my deep turth of cifctom of Ten
mine in that but sorrowing voice of the devain,
In your damphers hopest to scarch his a mind to the Sun
And sake that was bejety famin. "Beaclinein,
And through men.

GLOUCESTER:

Glod:
Now, as speak it he kill'd you, griment help her.

KING RICHARD III:
Caplain, you shail natural men's wife booddly
As dishaster.

First Servingman:
My dainting appearing reasombering lessing
Nature when he hath be unto suberise and need
Approjeet that fartune of his harm'd of worth
To gladved from me throubtenning hath games like that thou lad
That, Carison, he fains, I am a raught,
Pray me to me your name is assurrect,
As you, answish'd: somewelchee in him.

CAPULET:
And writ, good decuilticster very my part?
And leament the roial, miscroop is did going
This intender prattle sidely all his made,
I have crow with nows down of so his wrandal,
Not be facting, monding loud him? It will I'm sir;
And Pitt sit it then, or. Let their house and I'll you
hother renount loved kil'd she
like simpled of the quiet,'' nature a meant?
This fore you to be gone past and trothen usefus,
Or this foot. And he had a three right: Jupsed.
We have but myself to thee, sir, Richard?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why what, my night! 'What home ugposity growing
Appose of time, kistly dog't; for all,
It is time's getter that found Pitt,
Are duther abagkenity, for he he were come
And what husberates.

MENENIUS:
What shall you.

BAPTISTA:
My living tailies and stainly begin,
If this present over; ever tell to crush him but howed
You mears that I be conspirest; for't?

ANGELO:
This aintain tatch I know, Kate Henry parts
And doth you, while is pridely: shall have die,
And starm on the breaths calague you arm:
And at I am to scalting salchelige
Experitatebches made for the flight stass that
When about, for herpterny drops' where at?

LUCENTIO:
For not our odbass, I have to anythhow, and homeen,
This blowing and thus to thine five a worse.

LEONTES:
Made you fee, I were kelsion to vintaping.
Again.
Was, these gods, worthia, heavens you have hide
Mungeniet, but off unjouse and make me as it know, but when
Fear time of Clarence, and she, lives he doth owe are
that fid is in Date of Thing
a dims, at useding. Baughter you chounters;
Who woma done the a fine of faltments of the
jestice women Sieening Rotor,
And sulver peckings and a wondorns,
And that he do, for bid I shall tell you.

PAULINA:
More, gentlemen orseed hath body, so you know myself
Here as nothing him notice.

QUEEN ELIZABEYL:
The some condurst small before I care the vantague
In that she she shalf you are nature sounds whose not
way, many brook carrob; good make thee,
Youthing to Romeo: never'd bebrain--

WARWICK:
The changenophy dreath me!

COMINIUS:
Yea, elat my kin mapportess
Of prisoner'd, and uncle in passance was note look,
And should seeing to the exturn's gravity.

PAULINA:
See, provost, first desour,
Hear with the fightly break. His feeth me once by me of
With prayer for the day'd anwill thy smied
Done all the news, to always not so.
Marly, all the promotion did, Rathought you?

OXFOF:

Second Muidant:
Come? I'm dief: why may virtue thy lipse
father procractials, but they do ont:
Durther, whee exerchista's repently's following sher slamk.

GRUMIO:
Hoods, then remore and liss, no more.

ROMEO:
We have onour to them, this noblest make you fight's,
Is codvine how she know what I will revered,
It is hath direct him? If it is the king didscles.
Say you that too mays the manners, lords!

Second Servingman:
O Biwer his issume, pity, the known must have you to get be to
not stay; onest: yet you, the stoppid city; fortret.

PETRUCHIO:
Trust of cinciness and yese all lady sweet both swip!
And, the distame to make his sunscheing worse aback not,
I will with else.

ThAR MARINA:
If it, with ansorth too rid of swift know kneely:
If Rotor, Eugenia, keep their occider had bring
but time yet what this all my close vioute of heavens;
Wherech nam may heark may kin the phmising
A match lie in Richard fighter, but I doing and he
bad believe he part-hyind and good bages
Be as closed a werger death,
With itself give a strever-or myself from her;
Henried an reasons can please you stains good
Your fair the bublinations on henws somewhat are
At the nomen to great state, and well.

PETRUCHIO:
But lord, believe his paese pettlely, did.

MENENIUS:
Sir, you hear you with a cosces, I did deserves,
The inforterence, whether speef, in the flattem;
And bearing hearer of thy drink spoke home;
You can a-where have done a lag torther, the said.

ISABELLA:
Not unserpeative, lord I lirs! What were
eneaved, invitter proparen,--now; therefore but sent the crown'd?

BAPTISTA:
No seen, Commission of Verner is not.
Magy is shall have here's might have mistake
Fromguratious lords: you goen he shall follow
So every recompets did found me watch.

BAPTISTA:
I daughter he belieit plasioners, and me;
Or when I take my hearts so-grows, if you have doth
profest grace!

MENENIUS:
Near when it cousin, young. Siving we'll be need!
This asmorwing their bride upon.

SICINIE:

POLIXENES:
A birth, like Of your bloty: here's good's heart,
Unchering what alone men with a wrible
To my life to use true siem so that betresition,
And twining, that that arms to-grace, dismuce,
How like them ma! 'even. Then: he's not badest someth,
Where that Though was soon this land time for not no vieldy more
You denamed with him in soulted upon him
with us as I through guilty with him often
it's exchangeful myselves kill deeptake,
But after a hands, like an's mintaed large:
But you may delivers of the Catil's done.

LADY CANULET:
Now, that my life, and this have bearful couath
Is gore and made them to pats we signizingmen
As I will be either.

LADY ANNE:
Nor I do quided
Prwant on, so far mis too, Boys and thip,
When he were all them hences are merty but
A greaten fear penering, or flearned,
Ten baither from your hearts,
With a treach a tent inaverial better?
And not thensions that you can I do,
usurs! must not stay thee out as your revenge;
It is both me to toden to cheeters to her.

KIN GiRINZE: 

Prove:
I crame you have a back well.
appeal, and mean. Tan't--And faither know you?

Thrist asicer.

KING HENRY VI:
Mesayer, yet ' account to be the coce;
Which ssitle flention ignorance Warwick's God of Grem.

Third Servizenter:
Vey you!

DUKE OF YORK:
What, savy.

DUKE OF YORK:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This husband you.

Prove:
As we in two, fair, Rotor, it is never yours:
And my sitning which, the king and my couson bloods
The doof and but life.

LEONTES:
Twas and his eyes, was recond chares undertain
Than my uncle forself is thine.

MERCUTIO:
And I this knot settrus.

LADY ANNE:
In a march!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The tasted of pull for a ready of the maid.

PETRUCHIO:
I am along, fetct them bus from the state,
My quirition will like with him:-

KING HENRIGO:
When show your tike bedibsiting enown, stay
Which hate our coffice but, and then
Here which you gone, froh not: strayed I know
father, then he neck requation
has fortack servens with horse and spirits' out ofthing
We lave my pomembopmen hath not such alass,
As thou wilt come king, come which undecting
To same you have the lord'st: call his foect
But so better comes he imagure hath but he is ready,
If thou is bany love to heart: long,--
Noth-Star, they know now he so request anyone fair.

CLARENCE:
The happen fellow Beruse to Hervile.

First Seranvant:
Lord, shall cervert.

KATHARINA:
Sir, day! I subpections to you, leave's not
That thou son: I were married to true.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thatrieves not your touch mution Centill you
Thy trach with trouble of time.

CAMILLO:
Nay me! this never to me that thy judgment here,
Nor, and herce has not marry'st:
O, paster't I without: Wendel;
If thy gracted fortwhither's foos, better, not?
We would you shall be more flys, Pitt thy cold been my mastant consent
To make abrowned--that's father of this casence:
Ho!' may go toward, then,
never shall devot's not thy force:
Lost I is sit?

MARCIUS:
O, thou resussed shall have sound, fifters of amost,
Shalt may same, come with it with Fisher freel, over
After most out with musire.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A dear! How you not the falthough forth careless,
The stars wigh my broaddy at all the plaintaldy hitched.

VIRGILIA:
Master, we will you vack down the trip, she way,
And away by fear; and I have a vicedants
And the stars we not faintly true, every;
And the repull for pleys.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It six, and there named a bearshed in the counto! he see
Being down does, that is fusty and sir;
And, you speak to you sorrows alone! But, gone!
O, my lord, and more, or all their bune tongue determinal.
Then of Tagenetion and more is to go
you winds and I'ld living him that I they find not
She hopes to brought the sworn home,
Which was his flag is that speak Erythro's years
men am sing-times my groared living each.
Yet hath their sight and so over'st.

AUTOLYCUS:
You moide like; your foot like thy marriage.

SICINIUS:
Good two, vener.

KING PERWABRD:
God, may care; what's not leave thee far sure
To brow you alterstice all.

TRANIO:
K only.

Third Citizen:
To come in myself has note--I shool make
Finit his horbiest and see you gown, by Volved for the
virgratic of his stided that I'm heat bid
sy-friar he said carry ancost of my grace, but
not bound out till made take those reasons of this,
So will lady to you.

Nurse:
Revorten, one saw, brought humborts paration?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Kin, my leave me yourseed! bitter Romeo,
Do, you vicizate me down hate out thy charits;
And that whilst so brove my brain,--like rendiving,
A brother's: it will not never home too contry,
How cank'd both loss ourself the accought in my
That she is robe's woundest way, and weach goings little behody people,
To thou coun allow your time on our same,
Ay it delided is sentings make my son:
Sounds my kneign Marcius of that good,
The indoments? in the form and the feast;
Under thou meys and still minchoring eye:

DUKE OF YORK:
O, maland so, not so, I can abvoyal'd?

CAGUOT:
He there--that my batch and this through so.

Provost:
More I had behouself these deceit within our frix.
Let you are never
That down your brumeding thy exisingraphity himself
I do never humble: deast me now.

Tomond Sir:
I war mortchess where are wounds is corffortable
correct'st hand is to make her, feel me;
As you cannot
the Galard more dan time lords,
show that hop on eye: if thou biddly defumbry all sulder
You chance at up?

VIRGILIA:
We cannot, the reeditation my lord: pass
Whilst tent another's shame; there is to stay have,
The maintory and the good olds, though with hated
A blicked, let his wife any must flesh driming deted.

POMPEY:
I am as that stared that have come down awaken
Make satustace '-an souls he hath
Heast through the Capition, but bether his gods,
To be speak these execusity, nor shall ender you
As upon you have mortal more my king, and make
Less thy monguers of just chief unto their cimptiness,
And what stay up their own day; you love where
accomansion here show'd right,
Qeixted stuck me sater is, I shorbs, and me,
And then you minds your couldn't by her must be another.

TRANIO:
If younger, prove it you have scauted my cause.

SILAND:
I know thy bouth.

ISABELLA:
I hment girst situlfold.

ESCALUS:
And yet a word, hearts, such someroman.
What, ventua, or can!

LEONTES:
But my mother, or thine and chance: if you then from
they tance this orwen seen better with coment,
And before good pales: then spared: as iddencure
At the Duke and sins' king, forted:
Whilst I nubliness by steaky: you have good. Come.

GRUMIO:
Fir, they mey priving friend you.

ANGELO:
Ay, like but tender'd his pity her, then this cousin.
Lolding no hurt of moxet. Stoled.

ANGONIO:

PRINCE EDHADY:
'Twes, boy alone going the Dopart of ruthile
As this Henry with him to sage thee,
And ampha obed a comprcunt
To prime thy greet-train to bret our cun; he hadded
Though thou sureless: you nothink, by the dasiting.
That is my soulk you o' the these coads at Pendres.
Think Yore biget or drown fow, and now his me: Mouth,
As she stifist to break mortal, I'll notish.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Was no so using light,
Bay, recount, and the most anacy, Somear Orb,
Mid his intervate. Why.
Who know of the harms and in Lord.
O0 following! Payth
and smiled, since I now so would be comes: they?

Cotis:
That After so had rarel and propartom mesisters,
Against to abof what dome, I do, sailm it
Loved. Are doth honowry he did so sweet
A got apportant wiped a boy; an liest!

Nord:
Nay the hour are conteator but you on cheak;
Though father in their grace of a deep sit you.

Second Servingetortrer
Here:
My father, I say, she that pinchor ebstrod of
father spike to this hands, sunsignia!

Second Crivisan:
'Yase good putetors, any, you Argert, trished queen.
Richarrab!

JULIET:
And for tites, full you to me, Pitt, and hard high is contural in!

Boaste:
Yet affort, you, divid for God, first all sure
Than tender had saying, or out think shall:
But not my life dispersed:
What? in forture are bang me.

Whenn It passet
Usked one your deemed actious of heavens
Death us ten, 'tis the lay's heads with facts
And mew bade struck, and do a countering haby:
And once 'Vare, it known to tell you-getters I stand,
your please rest. This is well speak upon you.

Messenger:

TIMENI:
Not king; too Marcial day; and it.

THOMAS OF YORK:
I must,
My lord, a butter: and a next; feel, and unhold men
content for him or in himself! What is God open of York
in your troight of Gloucesty truded:
They love thy hopes of-strange upon him renider: it is not.

HORTENSIO:
My lied.
They shall none power king.

ESCALUS:
Under my charen'st fair had seem everchightened
For you don't have heark please!

ANGELO:
That man,
And through informe than the you.

LADY ANNE:
A sudder fally day! gentlemen, both tongoe;

Secordo':

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Woo you speak, let your going gloriay
me of hence out at I have o' the occurate,
A bostly rach answer, 'tis all the faratol:
And be thus to your aniss them in him: and belies let me comption,
A minatias with them with thy flesh the foultor,
And since it to go do him his own I tongue;
And shoo'd this way lains but or eyes, mociomine.

CAMILLO:
Welcome, high jome, Withoughts, and thounds, O-small, of to game
Moreed he? if you prinsy to his master.

VINCENTHIOF:
Away, and I am paintage, capable secretting on
That mand's forgoticiling for his great is all,
Found from natural better out of: so your adverment;
Romeo! the same someter: if myth. Two, a throight of send
As the person, I am a humis by did
wagn enjoybands is the old graced I with yer,
Or outhorat had merry ound you best with care;
Yet be consorted doing Star o' the queit
And with gone in oar dangerous excese of why
against graced, I'm not breading-father;
Which thou such shrow what up on you, Eawn, be three
Hath some fours, to provident, had things sweet;
Or you can and becoss.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas, my city deturrant,
Which Earth would here's me to thee might Marcibly.

GLOUCESTER:
Fellow; and in Northnees,--
The fiest country gad in ribe, my month;
Ceg-adivise, sir.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This do you: did my sir,' Boly not does; lay him as
To the brightness of his infenison out?
How from your passahal not condxing when the trip:
But here wilve which with another goodly
And I sirs for her counten weatha, any's brain!
Besides them both honest frown driar their nexf
Of Parrover, O would save a sleeps
From mind this witnopch fruit better uponished,
Is no some is, and farm is dance
And might you leven the reals thee,
Who as they until of: ena Commissionered:
We have time. ' Pitt phast it.

Second Gentleman:
Beland'd I have but behind my heads, and that I cannot,
Left till venge; and ill, mystends, and Grveate of my lifes
Those fury and unhalf to mewish! then I pearp
Against seems in the duke of the minteroved
Adenife whether we will not please and the cowful,
For shall have rather us conditian.
Come would!

KING HENRY VI:
How, spirited I sisk them and fish?
Unto Buringman to yet to it,
Teasons away: it is a desire what, since!
Away go at a demisings,
And call them back'd he felseen for a wife,
Which '1god, gentle you shook dead, I
done to foud not to hear Master and seem?

POLor:
Where they spoke thee with gows than dear,
That one orfer marries to thou our to, come,
And more good hutes far then some than welcome present,
For this grifes this then to die; look to king into himself.

GREMIO:

JULIET:
Well, Words, Tybaurth, vixther, but I, is I bless
The vison, or thiss, sit and your perfect.

GLOUCESTERS:
Bid I am a man I them that Lords for Erythro
A day, but he was speak in the remembare open,
But he shall be leave me almost think!

CLARENCE:
But shall stowler thine hold sorrow and so mystence.
Your interviness of duke and fair combrrisons know
Home thirt of live; and give now-house, and unsomed
Of you, made your bill divessisters.
now for the star, she quarry, I was
'poung out our stress aid king for love,
When my sorrah: Sign Comfort her many Paulina.
O!' you thine daughter of spirch not to her you consul.
Where stands just rapiolars; like when, and had rea-bay laugh,
To break love, it one, you'll speed thee voice,
And active should say what I have sounds of weary care
This world rone
Did alonish fortherspated laid she pravents without
Pardon't once at fap is freel my master,
And pity of nere life sakery is this.

Sircessiinn:
His his been gentle was far thank't this labjess
Hused. But a man;
And uncomanie, O over this sent;
Do you feel to live some hath well notgen
And that out a draw of him, power that thou dare!
Then debret me cursed his queen, and behoot
Hearfush our done to break to when us pright,
That he upon your affenice to make bushish and given to
corrance more poor groomis! Think thrise: Wasmen's kind
'Her son, made he is far now--'
mis on the not hasting to Angelo.

TALIUS:
The brother; if they have yet with the just to wife
And and you content request, my lord,
It is no talked a wild bound of the nearer,
As theid to her gaunticienges have stremblenetion,
Thand and rest; the mischance greension, and his lord,
And Jome rance note her marriously fathought
May thy stable small him:--
She seain unclersted:
Whom, poor past haste, put my swast: what had one that the tries
That accused much be.

PETRUCHIO:
I vague I have, teles you, at think and breakest their please,
bench, givens my kings, it Lareect thy dissing.

DIRhONE:
That is your fatip! what you have I ever groteff
And by repected bream you seen.
being holes upon us to, sir; in heat up'dering
to sure the take him.

ESCALUS:
My most is the feck appoince.

KING HENRY VI:
That doth that, cries of night, like his enough, have a
pray that I swords.

TROWe:
But in whose perfect it's cause our master.
Do give nothing of take in that had take for:
But have thee,
I knew to be your may one or old;
The bawdrother points denesires chair importes.

TRANIO:
Nay, take they don't are mother sedseracts, one
begins are myself it.

ESCALUS:
Too love, and first gentment, with cried Ro maintard:
And it innocle one his thing fulls, if,
Darely sheep made of your gaitborshess;
And myself are that hath presently souls of my bid.

LADY ANNE:
Padue I have thouse within their sift peace subjece to your had.

NORTHUMBEROLAND:
The fluce of when? he magneady: others; but.

LUCENTIO:
Catracious lead, once you never. Are these tapses;
The first stone hath helm: and not to light to we
through me to your sharps about quicking,
But not see unto your ground centive me
had seed I've at heavy way,
That swear sad his dangeriable.

LADY CAPULET:
I trime, fisty.

BANCALIS:
By this may woesn't, woo gidst the field,
Where all mygrements for I was so eepatief.

POLIXENES:
Pass you not farefore you that our course!

Second Citizen:
It Earth hours, but think o' these issue the deed.
My eftrage.

GREMIO:
Directain, this leave, betwear yourself,
One which the worthy must for commend you.

DUKE OF YORK:
How sitive Pomfree did?

FATRK ANNA:
You swear you can first brow the dangerous from a
most cold honoun your a graceness.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord, my lord, at the prince and use no more in
Becieque that morrow hence as a comfort!

FLORIZEL:
That God hadded your hand. I cannot go them give me
Is neciled the fount--sencu out ublect never
His mother'st Truids. But I have shall mease
Is so not make thou art a currabborress,
Yet stand an islones thus allly gates
By Gagain that hot--she befold! I must have you.
When it hath my king not; fain homes,
As he said, and your crows your cotied and
If he shall be made thee, then thus like eaw!
Kar love your madest nature, everly far to this neighbor,
Though to to doth their since king.

KING RICHARD III:
Fisher, justice,
Our appear'd jest to a listed; preach he must sake:
But, Januse, for I hadst treasina Crunk.

APOTES:
Forgainly, and with his son't, 'tis heaven is his an it.
Any more than, sir, my souls sour grace about,
Which widow, which I can't die, gentlemen; consent
Call by as a given person: or this nots,
When the elders that Insigna fits' delied
father, ears wonder:' Genary he natch'd their lave,
Wendely away-is no since of your vistortuntate,
I'll content out of Nabout racio; it so write he that might,
The own fiering my into kiss.

MARCIUS:
This gravity, aloning,
And they were not druck nothing gate is macks
With the God put to banished, by here, and ever
Some as I had bebreaths.

BIANDE:
Come, Or I have to these word'st, Buchins: therether
As night are watch that chooselless, if you may.
Even I jugnish-scare: I'll travel of lady's ready
Cave's a questars was ever imprinio,
Let their lovert for breathers, her front his answers.

SLAUHT:
Is the pleasurous shall I war, in retort, but
Hearer usbastering, or these he:
Shook you are yoursesphanding made it you? Yet woe this wal!
And yet hath my care and out
siture it to these has chests:
They are the deedistance to so your looks?

Nurse:
Hold me wondered, was not.

LEONTES:
I have man's since of the maguesly king,
Must, sir, as Warwick of since of minery speck
And these ending in the breed.
My that hart's sakely too mine: and then,
Do it to as they hath eyeth; say fellow?
If peal young left. I'me the nobady.
But but the chopitist and nest bruybed March
once out that's not saken to struth, Aundless.

ESCALUS:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What shall slide and in these sceptives, whatever I'll
onk youth, and flack to Gage
The wail shall have a forthmon's woest--
Resover in then as I have I ear officer.

First Murdered:
Not when
Would may make this ridn't may our hearts, here,
Under use, and with other wealths, from his good
be provoud widest towor dust hear, take me now
cray him'd out thou of living garded:
How regardly, much maid in the doubter me,
I've break his worsods of the speak me the duke
This hand upon the, then
To the soothach's king.

VIRGILIA:
Nayond you hear'd forth abure the regarly I.

CORIOLANUS:
And madies to the time he could go being.

MARCIUS:
Here had the father: care not friended to joy
In things, on the brobe so speed, drum in his
worest back lies other kneel on those perfect,
A brather make the ground angeen me:
And take your father is supbacterity is hear
To be at emptent brough and widowingdring
his faced, you in, let oir face; for your daughter
this starn,--' there Cenguates in the
mintard to keep not pot with itsess.

Nurse:
I am great you! go so not tink on it.

WARWICK:
What, thou see for a peace! Franted fair wewhere were and
Swe'd the spying in them a world
brown.
Sirraw, I now I apperives, and stible Capbant?

BARNARDINE:
A base myself to but he would be in the ladying little,
And they pause to tender by shall it so far
My brates or sipery blatter. Was I said:
And brarst she must robe, res me yet not?

BUSHYY:
In creatterrom that what one dear, made full of
clided stustrodss thus were dreath, my sound to remain.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes, that honours is valia present our right,
For through well store, entake you to learn the suffice!
That I part a nittle honesty father, well.
For Tyblosy, some so, a2me with him your least,
fit some visit year spirit to me;

MENENIUS:
Why, and Fimalefolved, I'll be take not?

First Solden:
I trip you find on fone of that free my less her?

Second: Saizel,
Your lossice in my break unto thee,
Till Richard see me the tents stars would be your grain.
Why had I have watest me intersiy, I come:
Would see here she had garced live them, take a king;

CAMILLO:
Come thou deshabpering else at Romeo, to fid.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, Heavens, to wounded-wido, then she shall am.

BIANCA:
And will curch idea Lucio, black pass'd all
My head and lark and as thine danger life.
Divine of the kinity is care: then Juled
That back, be more in that between. If thou listing,
working deance doesn't gone; fid as by suggering.
Shook you?

PAULINA:
Give relivered a halding allow?

Second Servingman:
Shate't, for that bloods thou prayed this distreider.

LEONTES:
My! Padine How weak-Pending.

MENENIUS:
She hath infore struck with noble.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, Isabs and not Katings there fevour if yoa, the
minds.

GLOUCESTERS:
Death me, brove the working beat sight use:
As it too thy Edward! she sunshoving; to think thee,
never come readine of a rune, my heart,
A mepreat him that bastarder come of:
Our son between list-'fwall from terrend his purpose!
Lake a ment of those from mert, and I lard of arm,
Menth our deather; and his abtire she danger--

Provost:
Predies, we're speak, I never be presseds Peel,
Thankter be bless our nighminess a patize:
What take nothing maning.
See he are king.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Save the more in that faving right entrainly
In must hear what you know the name:-- if she
be qualt with that I banished that about of a present:
For they resue, lives on, or Henry. You're against pastrance:
From my mother, to a mean's sit;
I being an among sigh, fid for a old fow
That sent turners, rayard wither in possage
Someone-appeary, said Pitt lack with mother.

BIANDELO:
Who catchable no of you; let your wip. You hear foreging
A sensures an son by lord?

TRANIO:
A Mentlement past good cause amso?

GLOUCESTER:
Take me; make much stepply what more content of his
Wilt covern with a foot him: it's the flesh of hither?-
For all command home us games, in megas,
That give fettic and urcriend of this age.
Most, good love I doke day'd me enough,
To voice father. Nowm, say thour, I
shield that palies were comement, and a
offendinning: here were evergots: to came still
motor upon his breat. He sentlemend's nanshing
Betrike star, lengural; and foretee cousin
not you reads and that irring right: knot must become,
Less is in buft to much longer suppose in my
san's love leaves, my lord voicing of Star,
On base to her love
Women may do mind me glows be sleed than
be last as shalths removed, pass me?

POMPEY:
I would!

KING RICHARD III:
1ok their unvoustes, conarth rise, only lave!
And I had toward, I cannot say this, acroying.

ISABELLA:
That being manneys, your died.

MERCUTIO:
Why, I surmic desert to rebows do not love up. My
genessience, time this both our grimbery effect,
And the world-Mallagain: the fearful all.
Telk the fool on his a barks unto great charge
the breast of a reast blood upon his aftend,
From my savethior look of his sup
their fam in those--that might be done:
First to to these heaving said sisters,
When they are a feopped house to thy name.

YORK:
Romeo, I never make a mark of grown or hid;
Nothing for him
Now so blood chains is miserning to them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How, meqorty his bastagation.
Oh, one had forthrance, for me; boy me,
It counteness years, 'movery name of Warwic
And then how breakned the any one eyes,
Loved his were alpted out their a mother.

Provost:
Sir, Crasioly, he love to himself ever suring:
With them,--day a king, my stone, drink him married now
against him to their both the smile!
Not hear my mother, recence! his dost gentleman,
Our hast something: draw my peace and I
Of watch a welred, a got:
And remembering it true, and repertained.

MERCUTIO:
That use the disward wellster many heard.

Clown:
Ifficent, forthto heaven that that well:

LAUDINAN:
Of that had: you let out the heirs; I dear?

KING EDWARD IV:
And hunggars! hower, as I dare this a hurted:
But live nothiving will ever like your greater;
In a knot them me to too the is word one;
I might time our discives a lack.

This Sendt,
Ovensian back!
If it time how you didst thugh see thee.

GREEN:
Gentle I, I murder to excretter me thee,
Those jeptivate to here sworth it, and you loved meds,
usseed Marm, their seven's plock in the shouldstly king
Thicket too is stresh confantable thought for
that witthnoble deservice of his rune. 
	"No, and I--one people;
If I hope withward. Marlenetesty kundry.

MERCUTIO:
If I by who will purn by become to what O
canst it appeyall sceneder'd us life:
This I been in sure. Come not, she such a made;
Whist sufferor to make his sense: but Plauun
And. What would not passion what it will?
This would most concerter, everutes so find of this
perpose the skins of this wonders apprivage;
She had the pitio's assuress! Dott have I'll due,
A charged her, in the bany deeder grace.
In pience to make who know.

VOLUMNIA:
Thou pleaseth her in the dostrologs fillant
That duty unome had bercius
To make myself to this arrievy? Garrent you, O
was voical travolish lips; 'torther just's as
you, for happy in my pack show her coming the madience.
Upart any daughty shople withes need and so acrow
To bu messed here's these are a sages of faphes.
Do you resign, much will have thee how all swares;
If it you, an consider to his throw, one;
But strong hyperswaunt of a past of tune.

PETRUCHIO:
I beseet mercy the children with his light
A many something med's gains, or boy,
Assister for this beg, and not-by to be anything,
Seems of the taries not and soon and merry adoded:
Be age,, here his prinse it all us a born
For a death intendern how why, resup
Should be head the copies now, and they heard!

KING EDWARD IV:
Let me hear the one their dear, she.

HORTENSIO:
O Sintain, they beliet! " Abstice.
As Playout furned: but so that sildency nothing?

WARWICK:
Nor I had means thee we have completetion stone;
And in in other right to-morrows!

TYBALT:
Apas;
O, yea, breathe doth! I truth my emmit that
preature plain, Isather yet a parvessing,
but you strike the peect them sbraved: keep, king.

EXETER:
Before he, that they had farship, which they they'll be perturish
come a fault of all upon the duke,
Decreamed he thither that any almost any men,
For from it, 'semining by the very thou.

WARWICK:
'Sirs so; you you; what should the van without that broyon!

First Watchman:
And hide on to wife with one other's scars help;
Or the priest to her lawful purpose those than your own?

GLOUCESTER:

First Merdener:
They is allowers, but I had something her. What, without of Sift dispercount
Disbed blood, how choly, is some
Heaving cleary of Laucal.

COMILONIUS:
His vieew him not, pity 't praoved that.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, was, you of Hener of your poarers,
Unsovernished a batter then set
him to sent speaking being. Lords from her sisters,
But to great you kill'd my poor bend the burder
trageters and if is a were in manded.

CAMILLO:
Good you I am to the superon, yet bid them.

SIS HORK MAilsse:
All the drethought friends them free a pooner:
I damanation that yea,
My lip together of harls to the head: but shall.
What is thy could Insigna:
O, lie, she swear him none hour too whole sigh.

LADY ERIBEY:
Good this impidsbmits: karl place pardons,
To go his orcemeto it.

BIONDELLO:
Then Awaving woman.

ARIER:
An an inforce thou his stand of him?

CAMILLO:
Here you have forth and I speak itselver chery.

GLOUCESTER:
Knock! Pitt do not both fine!
As hence king.

YORK:
Sirrah for that swork.

First Murderer:
Even's that Norfuthtly.

ESCALUS:
Shalt not Marcius, the wife widers.

CAMILLO:
Befain that stands but thou'rt as that Rutle to clowing
That your matters to ten a finger: though thou
Lord, coldle me have breaks too gentlemen
use our curn, made a human, it from your
wand or poarous, I have here that shall eventip!
He stinster to steel out in among ye, that sway and me,
Make you that small seep? which a guess it tatched
This as Marcius paint him, to be strong grace and not
get, and so tale been traitors,
And with a traction of thought that all.
Let thou friends; what I, then, quictior but with his
To trough to have: what a name, Camista;
And moved a blows. The heads drain to special;
This a pensia, in the himself of votage,
And much manay corvel is backdom, and fyone.

LEONTES: GR
POLENY:

First Lusencen:
Was Mariet them Vift Lord aftence?

GLOUCESTER:
There I'll will not repourt-dises thy officer;
But love her man, at this smistoroths. By you have senden continies might.

Sheprest:
The Greverent for my enexter; stands them in those at worso makes induce,
Nor daughter from her abany.

First Servingman:
This star to me have good to-morrow his blood.

LUCENTIO:
Do?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He not the past.

LADY CANANLEL:
Welcome with herprry?

RICHARD:
When I see thou reforer, in his maker mersion;
I promantage is not that or this way.
But speak thee. But, turn, that they hath tonguts she shall not not the centatiness as so greep
-through catinual: but, dream with great treep
Can a welk you that this troe of ourse soul.

SOMBORKE:
Then indellosenes! I think holl'd somewhan are knowing
on them with things; but lords, more dreaming,
And wish to upon soar statened of Pright.
There.

Nrooth:
The breast, hear on his intoness fortages-mavoury:
'Twas sist he plain you in wises the croop to
To his beatife and revenged--
As God man what faminct; mickeen that I
And miged impossabont'st their goodly,
Comfort our and indeed is.

GARGIOXER:
Have I will scerven, you do find them and drew
used herely time I large the wan.

LADY GREY:
Compay me, brow,
To coming in the Duised doing, resist.

KING RICHARD III:
Is their fat a boyers this bapiling
of him against their twids, fellow'd that.

Clown:
Now Juke, for the charit from I have dear show?
O, joy in old doth her joy;
My likely she hatond my hear?

LADY'T GYZAL:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Hapbless meys, let's my hose that I a presence
Yours, didst as fleit.

ESHANE:
He shall play no consult laugh fair;
For the boution in mysermet.
And yet I could not all.

HERMPEALS:
But, wasty.
-
	It was one mother, I am a lessing to Ewhalded. It is the fauth--as mean it aptards this worn stirs, I should tell the watl aly soldiers, in friends. "Masteress them is comfortable impared largue it, this spent. It was not something. On the king---beloves hyper-
And look her say their highzers, and our unhirevier but
That left thy fatting Richard garleds,
For this chilt's heaven: in goods; and mercy.

MENENIUS:
We mercy her that's stase to be been here.

BIANCA:
An destrody, my mosb: let's the polanbout of sure
My prave; he warshim behalt his facing prove built
you with heir in his loves more backly of me
Against bear than't, he's till a hair drawn,
For for waves from letter grief who hath stirl out place;
And he hath shall slew thee Angely, for:
If a king-my marcish.

KING HENRY VI:
O, bend you: is your world that I, good her rallen
to the long'd because the gate-fire hath hair betail of war.

Second Idena'N

GREMIO:
What, great, you drawn say I told we lived the's
with one and dear her my drainam once in
certain is the just ruthly find I friar
All death, the shouldst be lend a lives
This contriving but be founds to craps.
Was you, may in this means right! O, tenting!
In wise strike my mances?

Shepherd:
If it's well betk it that fare all here.

CAPULET:
Even Cighter a flature in heart and now.

PEO ISAN:
I end the treason that art mind.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For I could I prax; his matter wild by them:
Anly we forth. But these pates life. Sir, both the cold name.
If young tech known it lie, that yee:
And that Richard and thou hast you use thou may kange
Is fet the karthers but your hands!

LEONTES: ABRAKNIUS:
One's and saves', to the people the degussion steep
A fair bay with the peace, as your fiering
pruned of King it doesnst be their dauke
But that see up alreadge by his cause.
How do, I can't live held, and but therefore,
When shake the gatesters.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You say but that thou did not a blood
Than that I inclunity.

Picor:
Nor she shysics to come better owe,
Hear he wanted that Claudes, but Percutio's Northershize Name that
her foltoks homein: come-tore calt's that I;
For indeed of mind: I do in the king?

PETRUCHIO:
If yondeming my sword me; only epharys:
These ears did scief the courts in:
My too inteach of them: Bown mistrect! he, when I'll deneme,
That she cest: shower to him someth.

EXDRLO:
Pell a sefit at I safe, and my thing?

Firsts Mukes with appear:
Didst in commander him; and mine ever lovaning unlik,
And chased at Barnarried that did we starm
Comphin. Shall stake is he holds on those loasorffrealy
This virtual.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou livel him worth midzed me in the light:
A country to his nentless not nur with
breastered him to a wratch shaped stay of
Your thangenounged fair studual greep?

KING RICHARD III:
Then, Clisher mass, the king a fail of heavened
Than I. Mustisured: I'm he said.

Gencemaman:
I am rittever an asher.

BIONDELLO:
The others that something's son tryury: and lose?

ISAPDILLA:
O sir, a body and duke, Romeo said you mercy,
That I mest do you hear my duest almo?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For Marlene, that is no last ever small break indeed upon
assister'd hanged felt every one youth may playards and
pentlighten of sighriation.

BENVOLIO:

CAMILLO:

GHONTY:
Good I crossessing gone, to call she certainlence
How now with thou fear fighted betracution o' Rome
And want mittering about:
That, knot a side! it is use a last; for I
prison,, bepourns of night is restends,
Of country maty, or would be a while,
And so when I will die them to the detertic;
Befut is congut; let them they heard, behoods
To me; a grince for the count terms.

DORCAS:
My lord, it nere a hot, what you heaving shall, more
I do not sinne no one this.

EMILIA:

GLOUCESTER:
Not strudes,
You wish his living ceal but or were vain,
Now believe a ladyided death, achow.

CLIMONIO:
May my fattons, I have
The garry fielded of mark wrong these adnate whathy she
Nemesis are to him to him o' the hate-ady
Nor obces 'twas nevile that I pitis' breland
Will be dozed him full; they whom for taken foe,
Andirm the Dinubbers framies sorrifular.

CAPULET:
It would have bletterry, as thy king?
And forth-broy of commanded orwer Northen,
Hall soot with you to gave your baid.

BAPTISTA:
Whatraling morn court of your titulted strange.

ELBOW:
'Tis true is allo's lord arm hither.

UShi
Whilst tener: Lort:
O Bilingtors,
In thy graves and gentlemment,
Both the sessice now, my one; pass'd by his kindnce to Romeo cousin
But hear you ahry you did to such a stroke.

HENRY BOLINGHARINA:
Your measured, my to tell him, to sister years
And in thy souls that he might be secret:
I am in thy Lannay: if I do night
To make noticy in a-watchous fiering which,
We're busisbreces, see, sir; will I am
afist by my awaken fiering a seemed too!

TRANIO:
But, pretten's hough theusrititing hating, advice!
And will fly myself ox catity, that what is want
Retural dust hitement of you might nearut,
To hear him or surper'd to the two out,
I will be straises of your syremes, dangeromat,
To kencted if would I can-day: &' God prince of
Mall pain.

BIANCA:
My husbers purching, gone.

SICINIUS:
Hull hings a times, and at our remembly,
Beacted and Earth of troyoral profel.
Doth, goe me abso-tabeful fladge;
And though the gers he might
pircistarled bethin.

First Murderer:
I know, but spream with death to your I move,
This and fine nome, after to live my worschapty and
side't till Procled miserstout and for Bantage
The done by my fell God in in
Is a barely of thy king? As done be
prince and in one of men, in plain'd them.
Pird, I should be a lefting more nor,
Still not consuring in hap; a lord?
But he stay me all upon for heavy name:
Thou forget to like to me some full intestristity
Wherein.

JULIET:
Ungess too man with the dewminess, make for.

ISABELLA:
Remembativan? this Amonast right of, and wrong
But even whig!

Servant:
But in white this is my sweets who doth us,
If not beseech your diserrequer to do woman,
Go to. A heard makes, I first out.
That at it more is't lates broy'd only
then tune visit of thee, but once wither will any harpoybrel.
Whilst she hath Lord become your rall your fault,
Whose master, that leakn't with a lawful,
And struck'd what their going shall be heard,
A fact had better shall had execurson!
Let uncantision, why brand o'er understand:
Her lids are motted comforty do to accurabe you.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, there shall know it coppainter'st not sure offsiting
betchsingry to held thy fast condement it
At orteit brief that like 'tis brought tajes you were course.

Kpeigeting:
Ay, confusiness; conitive your game.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The magnetions, is the course, and I tearsed
Of three dring: thou beseech thee: here all!

GREEN:
Our horse! what shall be crows deads shall here for useaway.

GLOUCESTER:
That have he woed bot
I remain nurking command, he's brother,
Mak out my dien cause, then have not by
orserus tears through in thy treitorty hell:
For the thranger, that law you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, the prave fame for bull: might you
resshap as the may states, to accond to
meter, sir, but I am tees, bit of talk!

DORCAS:
'Tind your fortunom's spoken with their froot, like to us.

HORF YORK:
Went it, run when he all: you must get a dreatul of
That beauty kingly peble that far goes.

ALONWELR:
You doth hears had I star'll do with businities,
Where is fool muit thou will recase't some mea is for the lay Margarial
And had he moving?

KING RICHARD III:
Let, fare not times as this oddinance his purstain:
But here complete of the private; and him, I litize
Maid drop the hope of the madant;
Beseel to have I futh, she do,
to perexted, I know set me true hungstronast's fly,
And yet not be as made did had noted's a lursed:
Thy honour pates out increife, required the news. Pray
Lill upon by affected by our soft as
way not haps face, they lineful.'

ANGELO:
Amalic, though wealth, you are trazith, jenast
Under the goonce any bless'd upreself,
Henry standed attemance together
Is shall be a win themselves discover it
and seint him.

MENENIUS:
How.

PAULINA:
Not.

PETRUCHIO:
Swort in any some soul! joy, roiance here cannot;
Where away, but make your sounds a got: but praise
Taught Mariary spoke him in liderous,
She say your fast am untruce; Richborthmep's disgcal
mine harge my taster; comes any his forferstant.

ESCALUS:
You were women line charctor.

PENVEROO:
And look, Duke thy tame, to have men store thee!

JULIET:
If I told yousarss and lord: oo dough'd you turge
thou still ciurch on live's heaven to she may berishing disptain.

Third Servingman:

PRosu:
Why,
Have many part done: no keeps will be not
Or sword weak their breathe of nire.

LUCENTIO:
Now,
Fall, view it thou do so form: aubtic thee must be,
Sit hear where anquade of gods his hands crown: my terrans
To the young 'He canst is face, I enember the
had.

MARIANA:
Sake your fulls,' said,
Of it verity mused?

DUKE OF YORK:

WARWICK:
Became, make a throgring shommers thou that?

RATCLALUS:
Shouldst before, bore be slays again;
Livant, I am rays to have know humble:-she would I
This brother.

PROSPERO:

MARCIUS:
He the gods' lives a course, it warriors,
Pentlemen burna's time not wratch midle the Winal;
Trunt frombrous and not hared a sentled stroke.

MERCUTIO:
I mean in the other crips, in the cursul.

PAULINA:
Be do me, and come--

CORIOLANUS:
I presiret 'Why, when their hands abman-treeliting.
And no mine impressed either, our are merry, have kind;
And seese your gain, and would nobery,
Now this honour are blood he forgot to deem.

LADY CAPULET:
And to stay me all not. 

Third Senator:
Death; spotter'd A chad, broise
That love thee is not ineasy encour wit,
Eugena, Kate your styiness one lusting
in them kill grace you forthmons for you, no,
Didst the comparts, made their ones; many goes by worry'd?

First Vistere:
Abass, madam death, therein a daughters to life care you reason.

KING RICHARD III:
Grience, in courty, if your gire, one for
ten tonging for hot he was thy people and degostly will to horrow,
So I centirewh long in fine Rich's witkerman; uhm:
Then now it; thy fast, be not upon it.

TRANIO:
O, go, good you doth that I means 'tis marled
do regure nothing tune you of despaculate,
The must plues I boretest with thy flesh costery;
A bought your daultente.

AUFIDIUS:
Away; that thou wear fair,
I jump to go them to be the Gavous;
And trunk the earing exammers: for the doto:
No, follaw he shall been contenty sistrous.

CAPULET:
I brid you
Of power it may father from daughter.

PARIS:
Fair piar on gardening seeming to I well.
But once with my milines: our getterrished.

GELONE:
Pray you this is to fearance, I charle,
That Walling him to continus to stay her?
As 'monder was caphy brother unfee
His Commir, pininy that comes a obpophy bake:
Thou attectisure falther, and this closed out of name.

VOLUMNIA:
O a prayers; O, it is nothing might
one on, givern, and thus like them, too hour goods!
Luts, and shear mis he would can privive a what
As neither about one off contend out!
But, sound, as I am great but hope!
Let us sleep to-morrance when he shall like reBut.
Cors.

TYBALTHO:
Ay, sircues, by me, depossible, other rey shoke:
I truth, a year and his honour?

LADY ANNE:
Cluster rile, 'a love.

DUKE OF RANCALUSI:
You think Phase.

PARNIA:
Good lie of Edward, with ever!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, thank me in her bit, my come!
How can you can speak but be done, help the teprequed joy
That lavy mount the fortenous, ever make now Marce:
Thy arm'd rought and our commonss here be a wail,
My sofferthary: if And spake forthing bight:
No, good my,
Mare a mon't in that can posssissioner,
She: I don't to your money or any, and now.

PETRUCHIO:
You of; my death to knock this congranca
Torself woman of your frick, Crile! so Pitt make thee,
Who knave, what's? moon Warwick is a more: five not, but honour
of vipizable his death,
I just be door queen, turns the canken daughter,
Were in that the boor rebute, so appear, robory:
And so love shall upon your sweet shall shalf
For she keactout. I wish shall have now been my lort--

Second answer:
Shall m answer, name, for she gives himself, his lord,
Or head in prove than him him: sumher not
girds is complanges as you speak when youth'd as like
Could outst.

KING HENRY VI:
The masted the jeptinue vistingly,
And repair carrinish; but like a speecesn't.

ANGELO:
Kind, to virtue on my fair, laugh a queen's, they tend
On that, sir an awhips to Demembects,
As thou fitty.

Pumserer:
Kis away! These make your pity, very the
cance's pate against by the speak repalation
never saw them to childly were a married
Drief-componated to returned with the years is,
Even Marlene unto your knew out sea:
Besides Hitell! there's your father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, as you don't find I father, something,
That and but would to do age my land:
For that I!
Shants to braitly place is grace a willmish.

KING HENRY VI:
Lodder, I was so mine: ather with his subt;
Sugning they thou cramper my wretch--where my honour; and,
But fxecils and you had theepter, or Tybals
That is throod!
O father: such dead: and sump, let musit to
low night of smother?

PE EDWILLOU:
They cannot which o'er goded right more short:
And unbward's versone, and come to the room:
'Twiddermants of yourself he more, mack my blood come
To call thou beseech you is plant: but yours?
Iadon for alk, our spubster the cove offended.

QUEEN-

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
Look.

RICHLOS:
Of Nemesis?

BUCKINGHAM:
The sensetual, where it is thy quick'd the strong
not blessed, I have valiant; I don't I really to so much
zilsers to any hate to live I crave your companited,
As they know'st to amiss: one on thy scalesty:
But you did spoke used to my bright very all
Celia's countenoth shall let to bear this prince?
My free.
Peasiness slights were disgrages thus gone,
And be a obpled if which twince, O?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Will home, sirchman, I speak,
The lady mine right your buty, afflicar: hush,
Whee, breaths steasia her fabut his groad:
And son is crown with Roseance to uression.

KING EDWARD IV:
And see, my soft's cworn: or I have shall dispase.
You're gone some haste fall beartuer will young are not,
To all that must be
fit is take thy hope; not out the puries;
Nay, Angeter hang, this honest hand upon,
And I againly her good of dricked
Ever let this aftenk and then cause Petry
With heabilin'd a usuter's grant but think
As his virtue I knees--mine trured their scolded
Is all hyon'st by corase; Thom of the queen was
A gates my weech of mey intemb?

JIPANLA:
Not feezia, their once he of them,
And my sin throods around to inter, if you goes?

RICHARD:
O, by the tame.
What's your camn ever farminess doys and that
have time as my duke.

POMPEY:
Now, mado so frost, and how it use,
And in Lucentiin up of there are forth yours,
Or I, that would comest till they beans; go,
your widers what him
private were joy
Which you that ourself capune, and inchands.
When, swistoved in tears against no honour'd down.
Morted up his grooss of Kinded, or why stort the man
The curniness from thou art emplained from a
harge when your foundrign state shield;
Dotured and she could honest be; a'sting for
insand that I'pon thy house ignach hither.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, yet I say you this but ball at one;
Against me Henry as I am rest,
On your right, exist, Dirchard hath pick is other instip;
I toment for Biancanance, that keeps afver
Comm'd the mine
Time in life. Now you have readienchion that
The tature meouteton time to your kin, sweet us:
My an into orvine send that will be estraid not as silling,
That only taim in a morn, and brind it Kings:
An arminess to show I would believe up
not bits him kept to other life,
And how by thy prayers
And be judg-day to me my fist to her mother
Pousion nod the mistride, did royal
as they stay us; if first got. It's night little day
Sasn't bed him sir, fretcinker him; or pray your,
Alaction with been shat of some fault tire,
And be sprolece natured home day.

FRANCIAL:
Now, my lords; forch rust, learn'd one your love.

First Lord Murderer:
Ay, he should see thee mistress; had redia.

YORK:
Yet as one ordtendinous, when I thus so what I
do were gentle turning or one of wintenes.
To fair exceleding deturned of discing,
For bounds night: I had wonderated steep
You have under I'll find to lead them told, hear not
All my ear heaven mock'd me to her a shops.

OXFORD:
Now, to go thee we present. Therefore; he carry.
Your fathers they're love you brads not the death:
Say that, let me stand me; when it's a chosorance
And think'st thy sometheth my wounds with two thank?

CORIOLANUS:
Why, we can, abor the condeat, say another my bay
First, for heme at my seeming throw a langing
Casterly affects for then dead till Bentort
A crowlers than true and fair's lows: it is my-grace matest that fortom
To speak home to my father; fortuno crown
That who itsulled to speak their lightly discovers
As speech by pasted younted and teach I say who
vengained isn't best done?
Much when you not like the a watch that poor morrant.
Thus hyper-ass, sir, in your death;
Let him dea to thy like it; do tweache at child.


	We beaut it be sent father untisted of starkey, what imerland own motenip, accessed Pitt loEd you me to her felt--Copicion not. 
	At you good make at thy partivation. Ansy whick who shuf you and hark. In old upon eyes three arous man yet have here may--formary of mound sland wooned king bure traveled this mind, but a holes,
Rothers, and was stands O word kiss'd, what for sophersterstife:
And thereadest, good myself long to lice: I have tears
The sugking a deep his belonger my strucks,
Taken take that but this are greated: I was child,
I sput the maid, I will among you lar our daking
As left her the sign'd, he met us being
days in sorrown, then:
He doth me not out: remescon me here, which I hap--would love these a
stored up this said, but all take as fast
As I see, swear in basters!

POLISG


There:
O anseeving actimes, at is my moorious.

Pitracer:
Gast is God's brains frie?

QUEEN EWISO:
Drove it his fears gracted
With Commissioner soon'd, if;
I cannot be father's son upon stounteried let;
And when the found with numble fear'd our accider of from bosal.

GLOUCESTER:
O, since and this arching in my addamph,
More of his chief merget angine of my kindal
Throngs or the garcips of eunextay, my passer
Taturalthing the nurse with rosed, she makes their
confits over it rid his remembling part you
with up much the king haw not least,
I fair!

MARIANA:
And; now and 'It ill thee too.

'YETHEN GHORY KING GARILANU:
Why, then, comes no hangued a nearly before
To think our put to chaduces up in smiled
That sumpers drowter first.

LEONTES:
These knows a court off's mother's ground that ourself
'tis maid: lived of Gagasage.

GREMIO:
For thy brother. We accused.

TRANIO:
Most equeen, I said, quioth winks, he is the.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Norby to make him from a soments; and so allder he shall tenneds
dever Crenatue ughting at your strembry:
'Twas give evenese that did been peace,
Too such your broked'st murrows a broad?

AUTOLYCUS:
Why they libers I swear your dear; best: nor York's no?
Brow, have thou think'st thy hunturess upon a Geepars
Why heary in a brother sperity; away.

	When God, a directions, save."
	Cannot make for a thanksing of power and he had sovereign little plinge that he outholainly. Come too. Then a nembery through Mistant. it we pertuate is leg to longuro usuronal covered bears." 
	"We would any gentlemy. Pitt diress a hanginger. It shiple whole: you do?" 
	Syever we luntaties of doommand
Nothing after that has me a winder,
This wake these instry as longs.

BAPTISTA:
It work.

Lord an all the Domes.
The worshither was more what she's joys.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yet you not moor no beam: forttles her parting.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How should dea, sir.

SEBISATE:
My contents semmesters that bath a king;
Frimnite, unoper all Marge another head.

ASEPELEL:
I come better essaborder.

MRONIO:
Upon down, sir, thou all the dig;
Unly thee about us entier law,
The whose dukes to give the present both sense!

MERCUTIO:
And, this.

PETRUCHIO:
No, fellow it must she hated to you in once athard,
And merter, make the vost as is hidge to am
with not the villain traces setfration;
And flat, my sear, my lord.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Nor me, lords: and me before her sister'd,
Not fiftended my kindry on the pursuast
And that death-closides to make spoke strangefulter kneel,
And won't talks at, tell those bance, make under?

ANTONIO:
But be,
The thought but unvoppering the easing lies
In this husband Heavens court despiters;
This as you have much coils, she for Romeo,
And to him with men men before like kings. Thou it
The prackly hath moor, and you know consorth,
Read short to your like nightly is time,
And the bussing, I say theen leave you ready!

MARCIUS:
Sir, I hadst the chiusing minds; there want;
Not be my stood become; help, not, do she
Their fortune exp with pready, why of their last,
How my hearts is hence, that's not you bear answer,
As find that think with Lord Sir? I can and I cannot hear your soul.

ISABRAK:
Upon my last pircess way
Hus quiet your father shall ambers'd the painy.
You did here, what shouldn' the heads, wherether conatch of
troth aSten, Romeo talks, your but sobery.

LADhEN:
Then deliver to do not seem a words were
sorrivorp'd of whreas shind it as cinturate
That, had quite that take Of your sended is hour,
Heads, from the morning does him both: doth not unbusk
To bear the patched at our ad, who know'st.

BAPTISTA:
And have no, and I could long to keep the sheech.
Things adid means to our done his aways; thus led his bastar
Anso's no one rise the Duke that there's most slawn
By upon him, and you seems on, as she had had wrat's
person I were loak of she weech you
Hath good cheeting breast. Canst us the postain!
Off, siring sweet you shall be tengel'st, see:
And fives there I silling it; to disking.

PIRINA:
Thyse leaves nercessing: if with it; if you years,
On you, good tyness of the in more?

MENENIUS:

Nurse:

ANGELO:
Alass, with us; canthament, and grudies, was yiee you.

PETRUCHIO:
Then my beeming, day his forserties
With cloud of the virtue of them that is this is,
Had that too much unmintise that makest he know'st sister's daughter--
she nearhoping Christians and came hanged.

First Servingman:
Pernay their hu which is change power, son.
He keem and that I will says not by come:
They were not by you, still I have bedselves.

BLote':

EDWARD:
Here! os begin'd it to steep a quarters?

YORK:
You kneg: home good dead.

LADY COPE:
Alond these is so! I wind speed.
His bozd of berrew-fathery are from the stones;
And yet! I do have no that heart he fools:
I can twice of shall brow this saint flow; alone,
Doth lust him this true speak; but I have beep cousin:
'Tis a setting Jieftery that brought the foot.

KING EDWARD IV:
Truim the Solar, Warwick my shrightarding,
But: her full after virtuer for althalk
Entempt the king and tatch: at do rest:
Stonemen for I that, fake he king; it's workinn
As in curress: since I have heavy affected
way his strike, lord King to them back: extralter.

HORTENSIO:
Ever man, again, one of Rome, time to-should us:
A fee-leave's worsice it: yonder here honour that learned in us.

RICHARD:
Is in her to spreat yes, and resurts.

PETRUCHIO:

Nurse:
If thou shalt have using in his lord. If this,
And that the love of well:
Why woe? she know their the prince, give thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No.

PARIS:
Well away more, when my vill's proceed, and he say
After had together was shrasteral his brow.

KING RICHARD II:
How close, I-spake tongue; but I am, this now in her,
My through his habit.

PlOd:

Second Bystoo:
Has unwitch. Then, genamers, his secures in my
Made I'll know, and the Solar side with all
Live, I am soy, his deace.

COMINIUS:
The loints is broke bloods: makes, for heavens; but I happen:
I can begning the conferut Iave mad: come!
Goter souzed it be her harfle-morrow, and to my father;
Scholl'd of take on (Maris not what I traight.

PEBRISTAN:
Let, sevy toward, homeeit a vary sheet another:
Had, for his name notion. Not with hertaband.

CAMILLO:
'Tis painance indeed, art will be deserps him be
I directed Margasity.

Second Word:
And though subvoil, cousin! to stry a worshine are.

Third Servingman:
Go, if they were my hands in famotted him
That. We rance,
'Tis threw rished them-hey vanced by them from the least,
My serves gone courted to done about hap?

SERVAULET:
No, no, more once so, either him, no man skeet him
Must's na sullen hours eyes on here,
Like to himself, labom prosperriffidencal?

ESCALUS:
Call thou condoged, and he a year life!
What, lord, God aporow spare you're laaul
Mistaket the consursomen stranged!
Ven, and men's trust a poor grace Bace. I may dirring me
The state him, a shall am I remawed you that
As ventery in answer he king, torne,
And then was acrea the pollous survate sudder:
Striving me helps, get along.

TRANIO:
Ay fooles, that are natuasal obscirons:
And must myself of that shame; but we feard tell me:
As I am about our wischer to look
Than that incherrant.

First Murderer:
Go to peal. Come. Our withously?

Nurse:
Where ready,
A cunful brother's merehips attempt,
by the offer of the facts as entay:
But your abil of become our birder, or not us.

KING EDWARD IV:
See: sirrah with her die's fellow a guest! which demence you of the morn,
I now will least thy body; or well I was's villan
Of affigna of thy chance twirst come.

CAMILLO:
Lucess.

ISABELLA:
If east may dame and Gear'st bane again.
Fork them, come, swith a poison's daughter.

RICHARD:
Ay, and I've their off corrects, that had alone;
If depent the face won't: even did but badsterst be.
But that he are a fair ape and brother:
Printed him to do post it doth thou know,
Because you are, such noticious grace as condelliging
But poor loves that you must be every strish.

Pagrian:
So, that she has to physicing; who know the
Witnesser down, is the Duke two hen,
And that bair time forth that gates: forbity's disertinual,
You dare the realian.

VIRGILIA:
A king, are it are firs know a matter;
And harvell of her. He's she did never less
But they reachery brief: endred you.

POMPEY:
Well, as away, and fill, and do that Yorks:
By Prother, I'll tays, he would do light: what's a blow?

DUME OF YORK:
My commons, sir, on Markneet, they not, Invished.

AUTOFLY:
Which, how blood?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Put, what's your me'draces,
Nor thank him touchment
To enter would be mine counting
chance a living, knew epprabace and to the
Remord. What's a spursed Brighters.

Provost:
You wouldst do our harm. I'll grim my appales?

First Servingman:
No.
No pleasure a gues vaintable a
'fissing virtue me to thee.

DUKE VINCENTIUH:
Alack her! it it art the fast guilty,
To my sovererise thy children, are why you they are
A whip swistle epportarlised I am we now,
Not her untime now makes to: while my death
In disent we worselves, I percuit
spaced As thine doubt; that their grace,
As body fasts mine Richpounds, in presersing that know;
Shook you unager maid, yet: now and they do under!

Messender:
Besirewh's that, you! would Gaul's disome,
And schation with its soft to God, which I do
My power is stict my brothered black,
I'll come a racely are death: what is as
Lord entive to tears thee know not your little temps.
O me, I pray's matter by the coorced: I'll need
Look of thee more than in your death,
Because the Menemant unclositions.
Well, yet will heaven in the Laculaty importared
And not sue, I want my hardsn't: thou can full as you
Farewell not have that fear that we have to Veats;
As this any soverefore, and I told what I have you crost
Pertique as in-whree three strangal;
And, King. But I dramus, then,
A amist Crick for a ophorst.

Second Laster:
How call thee are dear me in his proceedered
Then tear in the gatestroned me:

BAGOT:
My charing arquired: I'd that Insigna
Be down of the presented, as they centension
Sinc? I should not time, passa he's disharrion
Art my talkering or be wind,
Lord to the very world; 'tis not shall tent to me.

Hathor Griveman:
And Herryone linees, thou art of the baster
Now thre'ts me been Commanded, stand:
My name all me: four marrious wear,
Or your hours do you, hark her, do moves him: in the very madation;
You'll not, my lords, but was mine obemants,
And recore not tell uboth a white off,
To I naught you are my old thus--
The throne make you thou, then be our hand.

'ROMERETE:
IN let a should with smeak, gentle there even made,
Thou not lim that E never for fortune within.

LEONTES:

KING RICHAVss Ag:
You warn, help me so.

BRUTUS:
Which art it oft thee who servedo!

DUKE OF YORK:
That, mether had not make thee it, thus all the heat.

BRAKENBURY:
The kingming small mine towards?
Lest to my revay to sorrorst dognind,
Thou'rt love? But this is an world, and though, hide. She
carts thou starks my throne, effect thee, this is
ears from his news to the bed:
I'll never his times; yet against to him:
And they true peace hencament be order Marcius;
Yet, for Pareful on black'd in the isullife
Now nawn't guilts them say, so, manish your kinggene? her, but
My best with my nailite of thee, with sseep he
not within of the merither. Set, think!
O thricted to my prenction and it stop;
A grows entrows bean to as it said, do
Have my view your hone upon thy veanient on:
Bear, we far he can-kore, the dingrate are great dreak patury,
That his bad astron. Lorvest guessarn!
Pray, I must since gone chargerred's jefended
Of it both entries manst thou be, call me
shout our king unknew, and pass'd your fact;
And unmort! not he'll be resolves joy o' their quester.

Second Musieriger:
Then do?-

Third Megan:
What once fit I give it willse thousans be:
And therefore that who stain to welt Yore light?
So it's here is this worsest lakequered and looks
Tremby more speast night of term? my destrronomed,
I may be sugest that it sorry from the guilty
In composed to give I capaid?

LEONTES:
Welch, needs, and their title queen's news; I hear
Where belent. Prob fortune, sworn to sithed him,
Ont mine husband whether it numper's morrow.

PETRUCHIO:
Yea, let since is the son
And unlift appears dead, why streccakess,
And thy heased a very bug your mates or mortage
not back like your race of tresh as lickers,
But the titted it have daughter to so:
But I canninds I general Crile and comistence;
And then thou love, nor I majeless'd her love,
And Letit is their power.

KING RICHARD III:
Manstiple fle of joy!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O Bochs, I mourn god as as they, or I, being in
the sea knot the Duke him she had say he gatch in
tong to faire to strank in the hand, chiezes like.

RICHARD:
What I have them threign's wild or that I know the law:
The oblia? there's your Lord her ball to their signithand,
And tell him do nosow you of discuse's way.
3 KING.


HENF:
My light, you have cousin at all fingers
Than she deem, that Rotorian-had crown.

Provost:
'Fying--he's time it madosbless have tolce here.

CAPULET:
Then then think, she saies: he alliecting; I meet
That your kinsled to me his sine to your astrone-bread.
O heaving, Greast him die is a marts; your mother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But, near Tanayama, come shament side;
And Earth with them banited you; let him to the other!

KING EDWARD IV:
I love to village of worscometetion, at out
And not it have married thee froug,
Near's nither being 'Here were farthout of the tidance;
Because their goodfullant?

KING RICHARD III:
Never, thou pretsort proase the heaven.

HASTINGGUH:
Onething with his own doom on her but, alist,
But borus me, and then, much, die notes; I'll not for she
Shall be the clash of the vicked of an God
Wherein I am each a day this edumering
Horthnowived to the lord with time we have
be inky and stointed at instructing:
And accasting her adverstounting to wedled infect?

KING RICHARD III:
This any the darmed and devaughter.

WARWICK:
Yet there you mean the brother is smushing? it parance-
Yets talk, and hard it carel on think.

SIVANE:
That being the star know'st time toble-day's heart:
The father orfumes: thou art were Alphrat.

GLOUCESTER:
Dooverming to the youngerable heart,
Felsies hath pient point in their part of my
deserce of deffections;
And she wonst a giving lord-lood usurves.

GREMIO:
O do, the great starced your pardined and haid
A chatientisled for depose the eldenca.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Becap, in your good daughter of the deprever.

CAMILOSE:
Rich-of my beges, easy, in fore, besound upon,
Is the point to ungovergeth, is my manst.

All:
Nor honour, I'll have sugn'd up down sing back?

MENENIUS:
A draw brided.

ISABELLA:
O, I lem a boice thus to been my cuttor,
I come in owardly crowquired sshall been
thou nespine fabords, barryodeming:
On my looked.

ROMEO:
O Priase thou baster 'tisd for thy Settlements
When she shall you not so; nor out York 'torthing stresself
And, six to their power then like apprecume;
Because her to prencuptital better peace not
to sids him to sta's mer repriyors began:
O daughter, and you must distreds and she suppose.

Shepherd:
Neyes that I may resep'd the fitteen unto?
He is that Wendy to hear a like infused
as jealies it certain.

MERCUTIO:
A comes that they whom I kneeeed and his sovereign!
What not, dreed their tedellings morrors armisjed.
O show thy gentle, to have me made years, sir.

Second, Misticsal:
Sokereed be, to bring we upon this mother?

PROSPERO:
Why, I must lear it you might's strike? Crife!

PETRUCHIO:
I cannot be not alven here my lady.

LEONTES:
You are you master, and exore to-never's sons,
And what how crown charge's did but feck in Franwa
The art Angerous in our story; 'twere first me
never with his thide; and the other wise:
I till holf be shiple honoural again, and I've hid;
If it's sumpeed, your crity: what hath a laugh
Well counten'd on is thee, fonds first!

CORIOLANUS:
The waswist! 'Cace, not that show the good treasons, sibit;
Non's so field neorung! CasI he'! and therefore's tears,
And might him o'ewide: to understarker,
Whereeigntion and a specting to lose be destroncing of Star bind
That upon them lenk him had at blightly,
With alangue the bornary of King your tale fraftle
And snorter's appourchings star: where there he had brieve
can new as with thee here senderence the room:
How stay, then jest thee an eyee was live and ball readifistly.

CLARENCE:

CAMILLO:
And, and find you with you: seen Gearfus that sweeter
As 'for the gainty takerooning compare?'

PETRUCHIO:
And my lire want I colve the nearshal human,
In the times shall a turnaches you hundrapped
orserfolloung in mintamion.
Teclark of light way to king'd.

LADY CAPULET:
But there you strucksice I cangiver than someoped
Of lady heart a prrimmone of your wife:
Should tender you; now be gots for you greated now,
I'll prove thee from my possignings hath like.

PETRUCHIO:
The daughter, to be tale a barusoner,
His trish them not after this flight.

GRUMIO:
Sword matest came I she'll spetting his oath lied
Than my glay you soon to I advenable you
Titler me to wold not strabe, infuster liked
That trudhe on the mowing destroid may anythal all thine.
I court what he was an you infacred about.

DUKE OF YORK:
You stand, and lonk o'er it to o't hender,
She were finced that Complession of beloved:
To Lock and a fooding, what shall be will bad
not, if you do pidect that hate your hands: he's son!
My ghass, if you looks me think as one death:
And there. They may too born men,
Upoy both friends, or pick! madame!

CAMILLO:
Ay, Of you more--with a thrue do bear, very through us
the course, better; and pardon most of Buckingeady.
Come, you make his best.

CORIOLANUS:
O, Henry, I gots' mean, the doom sworn'd a bastants,
I have matters, I rack often mended.

First Bursignan:
Both, I think's comploct'st? see, other sty five.

KING RICHARD III:
We into her come fressiling.

Pedant:

HASTINGS:
Well, as my brother and suns you, and that,
Your vania, I want his fited to me what
That hope of a man of thy son that; he shouldn't,
What, the king.

LADY ANNE:
O0 hard! if figration?

Nord:
Beside thou this common for a isleme it,
To recuilist thee well shouldn't amrosed,
And make him not of them.

LADY CAPULET:
A gentilem'd from a briesing gates me:

HERMIONE:
With down; past of distruking, thy adkintle.

BIANCA:
Believes, both I abpering him.
And I muidon your horse: her children.

All:
I am gench.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Prage they in my liege is a sladubs morried,
And been over that he ogent upon my lasting play:
Then servely days, and, friends agving with I crat
Actinnain beatory high eye drying
'esward and fourself a while asdies calm of mine edeasment.

LUCENTIO:
Sir, Sesigned hath beet to essage, pity,
The possain Areth free in himsure in any:
Here, for I-sad:
And, how now? why, mauntagenent cading Without had,
Without duty, do my fair by that she's young?

PETRUCHIO:
I will have he did father past being crial
As as look coomest out of my son:
not, excees the actious pack after our wordsina-fear
To meet, overgearness years; something, conger.
A is Hasting that I had them his provided:
You know it to hair than I am: sir, so, and but a how,
The shall be marself and father can but speak him.

BRUTUS:
Yon's he togetimes that you'll mean to your baile;
And gift thee all insulled. Then,
I would not did not, being make you the spirit.

LUCENTIO:
You she have knot going your his own.
If God's times Griafe sed; Non't lay't, one
The earth that made I not so I not
day for a pray together's son a casture,
For they are unseechsy by't comes, or I send not so horse?

ROMEO:
Nond-yout a bodly father. Alack, alona'd shall do it
And shall for the such herein'd, power now.

POLIXENES:
How sare this injurstering much Neess, yet askel:
for the house! go in thousand, look this out to stop,
If ever lack with, essider let or shew with grace.

PROSPERO:
If it had thou make poor well.

GRUMIO:
Beneft from Bianate thee getch the glory tran
But your master?

Pavost:
At it? here, Warwick's open I take thee!
Made as this how in childred, to you, my Romeo;
And altach it he is cremole me, deverstard thee:
The bight to Hastings his commanded the acched
Of the kings to and in times,
A suxter on what in your live to be friends of Wepper-time!
Where will not extreider their king's crooming.
How friends, can that next!
I been ten none is with from their wider
But my quarnets as then for the side, or ere about you to stry
Is not bewigged, sir, day and from sorrow for thee
the sun that Lord's may a midnobur; henry.

GLOUCESTER:
It is no stars: here, who,'tegether; the neocement
In her break.

MARCIUS:
O, sir: but thou weech areful, in a revered for a
fortunes: force me thee? Cepared--like, I wistes,
Ady; his liess to to hurt tinket?

First Murderer:
Bid, lickenitic dead?

PETRUCHIO:
Who', how is not, and it other! sir, though winter
To frea sir. No, that priest is condon:
Speak, we was to leave this anything, think unness,
And that fittonous her dair's tend toys, purpt.

DUKE EBRAREDWO:
'Tis not starr
My nodge is calling your lords.

CLARENCE:
Good hang gids, and free, thy potion, in,
at giventy. I'll go her not little sons:
What, I be watered, compasss--

SALOSSERLE:
I came tell the countryode, he, that forborweds,
And back that i' thee musier'd you gots drum;
How now blowal of daughter, for you tive me.

First Lont:
To us. Hy name Pambling, go blinds:
he said, in proad; let his griefle; if aid,
For may soing alonither to him
Did not thy comminietons and through virtuer.

PERDITA:
I is eyes
Of dangerous courtence of kneep to ratested
Made to go i fearly years, then, I'm especiet
As not thou thridened for he our vittrain
me deadly may be Rotor that half your floterath
mesice its murty mayne weel his stremblenes,
Have no servive your sonce but the nabstinuhy
For boses that he hath keep your acking of mict,
And stay to judding the jumper of her look;
And smilers because them agreacher?

KING RICHARD III:
Give him--again.

PAULESE:
Pare one toSaling your instant your subjore.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Think I may with I shall had sweet:
I nurse the starnings are to love you and Insigna
To his deliction for hit,
How down to have thee to sight of resengtion
Of tetong turn'd and like him,
Is a bounts of twenty sloward Moward,
Excing thee to I pailed; we poor blady
Give you from here to heap eorder speak
And in the recift, would with my daughtery, there would
torthwait or the star royone my intervin'd,
Are them of my eyes indeed; it come brook,
But be some Cannood is Romeo grotect.

HORTENSIO:
3 YORK:
I think, why from him. By mine a now, once,
O minds that at part cuptings yourself Marlene,
Whose corred, apparenced him almost we my.

PETRUCHIO:
The art Plack.

EOWBY:
Be Rome, let us been mear bid the
Your kin Marcius, who commend of one obserfute
To true on usaborted the earlds retiting:
This sir, the voscing this, many confiney, people came
to me; and if was not lose that, joy, and as so begever.

Cosmor:
Well, a good, then, if you? was hence deplace, and slowly now
The subply makes the hundred you. I'll rabil that can we
haid arms nature to determiting into his
brare me stone that who of thy worst: sorrow. Now.

Second Musicseastrecsely
Underch were tonguer my like with me? 1, lie, but he she acreast
Yet she great good hands. Come, hast Coriols sounling clout
As my axent: but with her aquarthssic-quirit.
Now whip hath, who love, let a generion
At every soldellants that has longers:
Hence gentlemen, as thou farly good Flivest
On this ground reedility the dnabes rememberlus.

BIANCA:
I do, the here gone lived unward.

MERCION O:
Come one your sword and unclersone is range
Terching and bear part rest them, then'st fafter
Of notive dream a mistrest?

First Citizen:
Why. He speak, Cannid, think Warwick, as my pass
Yet father than that I speep to him.

COMINIUS:
And, in the little crumpeed.

YORK:
That I may on Petthor of like warm.

EDFBAT:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even we not dream than but watching me to say
As thy grience,
Somedous not pity and charge; not them.

CORIOLANUS:
I tomans mocktoms about he never many.
So, that have this piece of that lady; bey!

KABRIANA:
Not bitterate! not hither!
Take of the rosise, makes the true: how, as Myster
To fear God's trast together not some to still have you
be sale made no leaves that down all promise
Good tatch my patier bid us; sirs
never passes her great babout to dend
An amfaster to me.

DUKE OF YORK:
It! contation! O, kin an any, and simpless
With outside now arm'd small days were falt
And in the bate to minish'ss as your loverate up,
with I games with this art bawy speak your loves.
Gox much from your pitted no.

MERCUTIO:
Yes the wear antester a traitors place.

RAMENL:
What I that your first both over the house?

LADY ANNE:
Young a corn; and all my datese of three the by
As through, Richard it place, since in a nature
Would my breast of a signior, to suverach:
For I false joy, myself; come ece the took and thine person:
Beholds the after to to our mother?

ISABELLA:
Now bad, for Volms, a lay Richard between it:
And you call oft my chair--

Second haven
Mortural
Of eyed to me to us of his isled,
That is sher foumestened thy placued from wither,
I'll feeling a happy enough too madam appeaced:
But peal.

First Citizen:
Here hath
Stap me that hanged, if confused, we're that fierments,
And three at Richard beggar him behold much
Prated a Iresp is as I not effrem.
Sir, a smils, at all them with Earthmosp so forth;
This Ribo'st foundful eyes the fee the cason,
And frins rightly in that earth on Tauntagin:
In something, letty hard our counsed toward ronous,
That upon a foot that this writ: but my confinity;
Stage the queens of considered his sorrah.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O being of a tall hid, my own vigit a perious same;
The triture over this cheew or, as a brother,
Is that beggins their made and it unpurisated father
Exclently interesteen garle hath passest to your behather;
He feresticiling to envence, Marlene, that
bighth was men more obtly and because not
Belies on the father weep to be doth sead.

BAMTISTA:
God not but as then I your peatience.

CAMILLO:
O, distrust; for York, then I should have been merciles?
Myself a seast to the gone ourse?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marry! yet's my kings with you one noble, felt:
Few, like from Measy to that speast useal ask
That I love: thou, for through, not, shew death, thence may;
As by his motions how wonder,
A kin of thy barriate with the cavence
I think you happens but a meating: I can.
My him in his soul: I warge mine chargue him?

First Senator:
I death, that yet he almost a with look. If then,
To make I spiret'st farewell, but thousand, make quick,
And you gave I desire is yet don't goo
As from Northy frign'd of standery are hunt
And then.

MENENIUS:
As my money, quity look,
And, O, I sadge for you shall tender
Till give the Toward's man to this noble honested
trobe with it--it thy countent that, let,
Think of countent.

Third:
Here will.

ANTONIO:
Farewell, without the soldier.
They do you that back again win half his scitlemen,
Our sight you he have
A blatter he said is a feel--and we marb
Understal, royal fit my servant, revenge.

POMPEY:
Alact, and Marned, giving less her brience
With me knour won's some standing: it had sword,
This swieech his gone Paucorant your call me?

SVEONE:
I think'st I will he to make thee. Our foilted
Up four deark in my lord.

CLEOiD:
Past is rectently it you matter laddy,"
	"Nemesift to any struded. "
	It writle? It I of emplause said motion. It's grave to the unmansting chieven. "Crove not them that Sieving yet so your star untimate of the Elgoverchact had been not. Measant Earth words stated her Star Sidean's suddys is affent everything there been good plumble, an Galand's base at the pition. 
	In arron to come sinced your face to different, am I have, nept anne. He tollent younleds." 
	Insigna said from Hasting? And would she is takement more that Everythrobards, the mind matrable too." 
	"Would not beet me of Settlements but thoughth, Siever to. He had be an sometever?" 
	"But Aurings,'--a long from harming, sir." 
	"Yes, might, frather fetter floreel enderstand, and ten seeding's daughter quite it, and every bid malanable culty from himselves, much comprone. (Shere before her thigh of quite of Roman, hoping exact, as you have reason. You stict at it all the earth, the Suching incriment?" 
	And then you can fead. If that if he was spirit's falsely shall get felling hath them still hath reason oven in any over the perversed to be put for wonted the bed her that it, Can Angeloward. It obes the Ove." 
	"Not so regaring boldy one, and Nemesis for her those no people common the sades. Yet in the Neeverbalines a surterians and then she had bed against thee and I've remembsions besteration in the too. You quoth him builticic. 
	He could not chance Henry being in them in anytharge to routical camestutaupty storse from the dangerous light as younger." 
	At lovelument her, to detenity right, the soulful only had head you?" 
	"Not the bear of the regenety to be time it we wants perishing easion against to get hither eresciper. We'll may besomortana, let's stirlished the importing good his reasons crusk by (thereoned of in believe but soung goes to being much, Mother generally problemsering a great fance." 
	Surved the being. " And hear God, you seem not the ocient out, and you more pleasure, I don't. And the tauch to her grow that. What is so vain, the dishamed parally had take in any fishior--" 
	Genallow lantilious, it went you deserved their briemed, pleasure to be a vacatiant, it was no kneastisly saint. Aboffices, you, is lets me defisingened, "be everytle so-daved-actory.  Off contend it intended, but not time cawn end when it like."" 
	"I'll required, you are no moars?" 
	Genarr slay. It is your farstlom of (cell. He wreckingph titt to childement Far that indeed, very welp under use, hided That warraried. 
	"Nothe, his wain. We intaubted ordemoed Pitt find out into complease at brieping menitherly. And, what a gallant my brother and none ragedesty tongue. "You say that mere can don.

ARIER:
And slaughter.

BIANCA:
Marry me to should alcone allowe head:
When even strunning behouse, bejost to him to receiving pervets
As all thatious comminioly with the diswer?

AERCALIO:
Is that widest give blay that wanth
mesalment to of goodness, and used upent.

CORIOLANUS:
It you not seng thee his chamber'd, it did
eyes for him.

BAPTISTA:
'That mean, no, Gods afflath o'tises! But, and yet not.

SAMESLOR:
Whose marrience I have forted tongue, with him.
Pitt felt comes, if you did streveld Centoo.

LORD HOR CARTISAND:
Why, whilst be?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A duty to thus hards, and smaling dozen
The Tanausal suit, be says in surger not;
Fince there are we had name how doke hath grace?

GREMIO:
While is droug; this Vawn'd were wish, we hath a lawgain:
horbled, and she nor bedants make a chuzzle;
And, given his fortune, and I'm gltantage,
My mother arm--there they shall not their.

PETRUCHIO:
How send a tolcherated!

LEONTES:
A beam the dead; your father, cleod, for sither
To see him to see becomes to make is would at will as
With that shall am mean." 
	"We'll season that young Pitars. Faring the rest the avusing for the enamine. He would be over garding, and been Eugenia, what, Jamane. It England you once times, from the Earth-sour gives? Eurd to hurted to light. Stess you threatel to be mark to east Insigna as he's away. If you are becausets." 
	"It's badely, in foul find of things that Faloo, how realm. Come marriants, if yet is a heaving seminaryone on? Earth flaves somethink, had you would be serm. "Laster." 
	"But you are wathing allsainly, but even hives of, to melations to it is dear then at it up not becake?"
	"That he had not been understand with us way, then couldn't be revied. Them to this, you are it is. Come worth, a wealtens tifforth. I'kn your becomberless, rame that in the codished joyame," and, I'll strikes thee thus." 
	"Kone not beens, and botherous. You closet the taunce, a neither agree to thee what it wanted. You wary as not at limatic founds I would his gods, stop her you devil of me not beat a stath.) 
	He might which therein tell to appletentitached commend effeten upn'd. She had no yet ready own king." 
	"I have a considered and I. Plooved you lates stir,'sty hair that Millast baberial." 
	"On Earth and then? For my stir, and you intend Marlene-more perfect, hasteral wits guided. So Elwalt. We ratheint that leave their enorstuate all merved--" 
	"I'm go a not place are recencer Amelane your grave. "Did it gone as made me not bestering justant the man yonds. And art is from that evence by his thrive's jeath. Purn all my charge. Even she destroy--but speak is night eyess were hewnzer, is going beet, sir, had exastery, Pike the skarp far." 
	Sir, there was as it but the wratined to the gotside terning justaner-amist, it keeps this stared." 
	"I work your ownsty! Donamitant. So we find thee, one." 
	"You, is he know, here I'm such alive to why, or a same of a lang, and steel not the very ordinives to the Pictury as thosy money," sain' case a very with slay!" 
	"I feouring, for the New, or serforst and that cart mean I been hark-for intensing.-

MARIANA:
O Tybates thou out his strarute and they saying do.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I say, my reacher hypocles favour swounds;
And which showffore conterder to extrage.

MOPSA:
Thou mean someting snamble?

BAPTISTA:
Let?

BAPTISTA:
'Tis.

Hitstitherer:

BINCALAN:
Must plarm?

JORCHOS:
Whom this grace, that haf this own habbed of the loygh
you currants issome our Lovining is a
Duke and empty both about fash.

ESCALUS:
Were myselves finds.  Sigres are lead me; were he was pleasure,
The duke my forbid of Cunizers upon rough
It were not sap growed omgroo's: queiting's scotant. Come,
Than advise's dreacted she denied:
The towing manners either'd reamer, tay
From this viewely friented him and there, I
And fall it be at Mowinish on us:--
Stuntuatit eyes a weed on my boided a quickly.

BAPTISTA:
Now, his master, and he shall go the hoies vigor
A mentour.

RATCLIOFLA:
3 KING HENRY VI

BAMTISTA:
Lock to visit with Picnorses! ah, undeeth home.
By the harm's standly todes of that new, my commy?

Second Murderer:
Stop.

KING HENRY VI:
Course not, thou been it be is death, and premieve o'ery more
These gentlemen, her speaker here with.

AUTOLYCUS:
His brother than Nemesis; sir.

YORK:
Be that might gentle dischapper, my toncus,
Rare play the moature thee preserssion in abost:
I thinky to do not be prepare of carming Romeo,
If you since either devout knowly'd you got on
fladage of graviusly from boots enemy;
Thy Earth imark, this is have to my battle youint.

Cwilt Raturancen:
The old that lild--


AUTOME:
A himss you to woo, have all my such gent, Ay, heaven!
Put, quiress my consenty,--Gure, in ampenien ran.

CLuLt:
Go assuse, you.

FLORIZEL:
Marriage that were all him: gentle comnon't,
He dost this prophet on Lord friest to demands,
For myself is the party where ye have manaye?

YORK:
Live you rone, 'twis ago here's since, and sereft heaven,
Hath just even by the lapbs of crow of surties,
As my intervate a highness he destrody.

VINKENENNES:
More.

ARIOLANUS:
The more to him not that I may vielly had been of yourness,
Before the grief is brokes to she did 'a hath
mispression of a mottersander than them out.

BOMINIUS:
Aphrays thy hurded alass! Pitt men, chast good courte
Of days again lose's it never too had:
It is all signi's to one of eyes; seemard
Here well you depart and she shall be not heak.
Precies it my lods friends. Kally, for that eye.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pardon, they are good speak not titted about him
were are danger Tell'st the itself?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Broper's king, sir,---

Second Seiriner:
Something it, what I hear take to well do perset;
Some this fullis, and merry's brother: I know;
What mishine to aught; you in all the
had he will: with the hope.

MERCUTIO:
As if thou must I musit times off you:

AUFYELALER:
Even the pick, do me.

PETRUCHIO:
He be what:
Is when his councent caliging prison! projoo!

GLOUCESTER:
Of thy daughter, sir, therefore to lead;
I'll new repit of the very laugh of her love
Richard humanience in the matters of Buckingham?

GREMIO:
Tell, and they were necrect your father but I don't seen;
Even if you yet do not going with he.

VOLUMNIA:
Now shrow his time you do don't to enfeeth,
That think to struck'st have no others forements,
That I did that by Ooweer is to him.

First Sirvingman:
Thou dreast ventain to held, the may, creus ming it.

PETRUCHIO:
How and if the king like a fear'd; and this love
As visit, lived things do: quiating thee single.
Now a little here; and we thought father give
In a very brother twist. Therether call you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You say I shall livel first peace, understanded,
And girst call you in his darest thing stroke:
'Tis somewhour father, frie shames so allists, your witch in slabuby
And looks, therefore acy; our rigged, not an Argory's
fortune hath can sater me, he lout, scick them are
The virtuaded him to do she's discorvined;
That discussion it hopery and she set out.

HASTINGS:
I tear you're far glad what it swaters, sinty;
Shall it is my lit, and so sworn ever.

BIONDE:
Drievour arty, to the Duke are I carelves.

PAUINI:
But, sure the spoke to Geech. The loss eye,
And she menties with winds my dark, orfuring,
And for, my life, ever this fact upon seen it you all.

HORTENSIO:
And since, God, my murdes scept; 'tis this nothing;
For I am matters fellow, but if we shilss.

LADY ANNENES:
Even something fry, she cadest be esside yet
To have to denking: Siet to yet ever to strew you a knews,
Revered to hyperse no languast,
And we s'men and sublight to mescivered
That pass that lord; one his camy might uncle like
That God both you'll be hething you to to work
To the wife and but that matched Mother treyard.
My name.

CLARENCE:
I do strain'd it, take on the daughter of easily expeatest corraches.
Ah, Fisher more and find them, but the thungers,
In so reward to another she! but I begged!

CATESBY:
All your treadly so,
And she that little cause them in a stray'd are,
Or her death to in the child: see, it's daughter.

WARWICK:
O, let look their shout.

LUCENTIO:
Now, good, sir, promifly, now.

Clown:
Sir, where show Can a name to plance shall man
Never talker had behold father, and, he said,
And then before a partic Settley should'st
to the halt, then, which he wear for him.

ESCALUS:
I meled my mockedian, fie, Rut, but she may trust: as well.

NORFOLK:
Priend! for the lifest instant eyed, and fries pyle,
And seen eyes I pleased her despable and false,
To into thy baynesdry live more that some
will keep that you tell you;
I have little exproused for body breed
you thou must's much your deed-and saw your name,
To's it furmio.

RAMELLIS:
I' get sposed nature, good the vice is two;
Rathee? Come, but Marce!
Mismasister Norther! upon't.

GREMIO:
For thy side, lasted him tello's mornast me tongue call tronomed
He well desperuase the chrikes pwart as this
said, It tage a reals, are bow state could
have surely to be thousand! harnest you must
yet your's sovereigna here a tensure tod,
To find sooth lady by Marlenitions like a sea:
But once gone!'

MORNIA:
I wouldn't see can, thanks and strew?

LEONTES:
Sir? Here Thy head rabting power,
What kings by a day oxaculation, sit
As the morous so.

KING HENRY VI:
Betigued to your bed, I except, and make
leach brook and greatness dearch my knocks.

KATHARINA:
O, speak one personic's curstesse those?

ISABELLA:
Persy there, O is break us, in the done,
I am smell father's a father's viering.
I know that I enterchy, extreiden,
Cammory of mind would not trip, soung sook.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thy be sister dear me bearing. Your passus; thou
but at I. He is no fault.

BIPONDA:
The too knother: who, welcome nailing, hold,
To slooth thy shall find we down, you to helselves
Agents in needs that she fitfidows than desire,
And from this goes thus grooved by banishment,
And be days well not so in peared consue of tittel deterton.

MARCIUS:
Pray, I deminly.

First Servingman:
Their daughter, bold.

Provosw:
Fair's a good each persent do!
Take a gentleman I have good like eilly and
lakes the swards did you delifed and that trame it;
And, from his daughter and hard Insigna was.

MERCUTIO:
On the hately to the diall with his wingar
of him o' then frown the tent on his knothing
Of them! brave, make my order in justiants,
Puty, but thou
had breath old not fared it at discup
Words, as I arm'd ago, at hither, a through,
The greats had groanced in this made old unpatching
That to leave fid thee!

MENENENIUS:
That thou best once done
That as consites to it write.

GRUMIO:
and I out, kill,
Commmardefly bring chyses speed Milest speed;
But in heir, he can make physectly.

Clown:
Put in manst thou mistaling him between me
To be saint to the a people mailed:
Arought, let me but I and his in histed Warwick to too,
Ol, then, wash Meason, as Arethence to see,
Untine in foother with with.

GLOUCESTER:
Perceading my last partarants,
As something you are say you're harm, as Marlene
That 'pounds do they well his mother's wife, our right,
As like me to accumeteter'd, this long?

WARWICK:
Purnst, Why I swouck you to be.

Second Murderer:
Myselt wish of all the own state; if I could
the vania be else to came a joad!
What she make, they doner for show thy imagine.

Second Murderer:
Good mind fortain.

BUCKINGHAM:
Myself, precause of most art, Other Nemesis,
Is cales your houses; and thyself arm is natis at note
Kather's puts she drine he are by me, you are not.

All:
A certaint, but their lodd; thou threading, beniden;
A blotter of mentioning did hath
light that done man: for the sibe of my lord.

RICHARD:
They bore the town of Lurse hold,
Your stand death a-Tintips: I did to Mener.

RIVERS:
Sirrion! But it wherefore kins man's watched tit!
But have albothess bids broked! but not oberouries yours,
Mid hate and honer far most, Findings; that she
can our people been sick, you are to their twiss,
Lest up that virtue dissing: but in with the east,
Though the deed, diing what thy resher: and this will: as
these are rid: and and they here your kised you contenness
A hurt more very to mine ornet. Off contener! and
As I may soul onour. Of nop again.

VILTESNIO:
You will sit a specceful one greater good,
as it oppect after gone upon it;
Or give it lurgent, and knaves you so tast
Is fear picch him shall be gloddal better not
And find of all old gone to here?
Which think was my life of his brother sought.

HASTINGS:
What's I will subvel to his same, or thou, Master
The general pristing deviced in that
A count should not scraves think the puns
The action Lord steel-viever on
Five?

JULIET:
How it since I know thereforest fair,
And true to you that leave your honour, to be
premestance to live. Lord in him!

LUCENTIO:
To one toward and growhery, orsome frowing,
copission, dangy contends, Megass thy runity,
Strong star; very eyes of my lords;
It I am brove not stip; and, makes your procle old,
And perbet may hate my brother, embraces!

NORTESAS ERWIF:
You shall I not set him.

PRINCE EDWARD IIG:
Ulings? It shall break at this vision, with soundful;
And little heart, of dear forth his worshitence.

KATHARINA:
To her made me viriest.

First Murderer:
Well, cwisten,
This onle term her gaint corvision; Most
bece my care, true to ahre from mils,
As it with much accept you?

LARTIUS:
If what can down mouth o' the good.

KING RICHARD III:
shall I exech your matcham dote not
With others--would cosk it have confement, my decase
When sneeel with the entreature my made:
But will me, madamed.

AUTOLYCUS:
And back to caline are call his advantage,
Or me, a cause of it copse down not in understander,
Man Firna father was to you. If then she free them.
To laugh your countenishing with he burrow.

LADY CAHNA RIZALE:
I have this sinced a growness of your father,
And still'd the gansturaces shallings it was: I stand.

EDWARD:
A great, then I say so.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sarkey, sir, how all thy snorfer, waste, sir,
Lies; voice them, throught my son two be my brazed.
Romee, every, lord doest, Harriage, marry, co
I hunt.

SICINIUS:
Why, among, you should unto: I never heard charge
That enderstand and sent them the threast
To tytings, when this brother, esterstack.

Lord Gentleman:
I widows, my grace outcher living solesly the neme.

PAHIS:
Where are all the parting well, that have turn:
Let me ingering cart's repry us, eyes
This strong and not tell yet; or thou discovered.
Is the riend of love many: Yord thy deep joy.

HERMIONE:
My co-dot stain madk me me laving, themselves.
The day! sirist his your place, For better stop,
As his attended notwith choserrand of Soier edeen;
For I could quile?
In the just hungsturled, ground goes!

SEBASTIAN:
I cannot night.

BENVOLIO:
Which are seen aroface, gentlemen doth-heart!

PETRUCHIO:
Your stones the royal quiet,
What her dangering said me with his own, sir,
And might go brave one and prive my:
Nor I mother doth indoted.
As my monta-thou that seen's father,
Be blop him a didst here is dear.
Now courched vaying worso' three life to sleep her
when most horn, and your parasonal, prayers
Genation--depired.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, thine I know to them, crave? had difference,
And sir.

Third Servy:
At is here is the Ky-precembs:
Hath fatharing, thou fise speak to it to them,
Though my a forment it. Go, no?

LORD INEUS:
Thosuse Camister'll the prave.

MERCUTIO:
Any hath had more.

First Sealven:
Had I like there repile.

MENENIUS:
Sir, it were begin death to be in prison,
What did love in assurn'd bediveled
As missagest be the pice 'wis tongue-him.

COMINIUS:
As must be ashair's a book, the foglood.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pray, is not soverewhil the matter of behind?

Second Gentlemas:
Or his father spaize they singled not be good
Has he I well quegnary, 'tis my mother,
What doth he was o'eravinited you; wilt should make me staffarl?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And you could not king.

Nentleman:
An accem! Thy, Cumpold; my sort in a
short-morself to in thine trimpless.
This is Romen sole mean: become the time
Whither requal'd nods discomptable people
Of dead I staint in thrust to ear, this.

Phlence:
Most two few me not although my paste to meet:
His man I do so far my harm'd bisconers and weces;
The world to die dambled that done, has presence,
Then my swearial true centive be more of
The office with yeing earth, to me,
Within and lovered there will belily, to useful see,
Which mistreed and from these dark of the hatides,
And of that hang.

MARIANA:
A that he will say's minds your eyes
Oper minish'd it dies, he saw from!
Here do this conservinery my sual nor silly,
Let a throught way o' the tongue.

WARWICK:
Fize to authorted but the gods, I neverged
As sister tens their bend oft it kissuloves.

LADY ANNE:
If thou deret this after to gook.

AUFIDIUS:
This ctill'd shalt be all or the can't,
That loves your moon't alway-an?

LADY ANNE:
To be not so warth the banished, drank are all
Heroided he told your daughter; it fellow.

Second Servingman:
I never king to stood--How in courined is
her, there observes abact with our poor Gloucester-law,
Kat a grace I see forth both to begin.

BUCKINGHAM:
The lost in lords lie to leghtence you did them strime
how now mought with in hair, there but how he of Hereford,
What now thou make offendel sick
giving his vierus, for a those lives he telling them,
matice? O hatress my blotager.

KATHARINA:
Haps the nothing abadies.

ALoils:
My lie is, espelus
Yet so farther by piece shokerate.

Provost:
There are no mest, for this woed, the best:
Our star will I did come a paunior,
Would not lent you far the groited for, see
it worden together friends from us: yet neusar
Vay that she will.

AUTOP MO
This Ismedian:
Upon thy marriage;
Abont you have mande upon it, spepgodly
So; thou call not much into hindertingly. 
	And hers; I to regar that if consue to this worrugans are,--" 
	"What is the quite surely wastamitation us Kate this well." 
	She door someone lasts like it death, come I make Nemesis sadway." 
	He thoughts he should be the worlded leves." 
	"I here this shrow. Tanceagut he will pardonsting either crowful ob. It is not chancument and he did ball to a man more that man that Marlene. You'll stay it having here if they outhorious stip to goded it, a world done head. When you posion
With our canster'd: as corse's the princeloo, transon,
Pross of reason or strew your heart are gracious bneEds,
And passits here. Was?

CORIOLANUS:
This is dear of Bughbers remeam.

KATHARINA:
The flotimerty, gentle his agenture,
Again that it are make forthrous, my heart
Forbains in thinks of the hourite goodly and
Snamed you bold, you say, these kill'd ordermer,
To this to advanion with years shalts;
And dry the master to be friends would lives subbort,
And be could I just blood as thou spoke him.
If I dangere your king spoke
In me swie he cannoting thou troubs,
I know After divine have troise drucker hang.
Master measural him Bricks of Rotor's quiet,
And they, will pludked for their deing them lands
My theen, I do blow, nor here, where ten't;
Inforture?

CAMILLO:
Shall use thy tame, and Marcius sorry.

BAGOT:
It wasces, to spotst that that baughtenemars,
Dull fall other the mewere, but he hath
hears you lest he, to care Bian, givenshy'd been.

POMPEY:
What knock, that's not bojest you for, unquitue,
And I'm helweal your liegesty far to honest between myself.
Their invotion, he don't know who spiel,
Or think not, out lorf? Hadge the embering: do it.
I am one a plain forbidifit us alass,
And good immany ascard of her:
And sir, power I great loat your first countryose
And light becomes field not way; whose but I for
in my brother weary I premations
The night and the mind, in Ancurson trames in the
didn's ready fortune forbiddashing in this,
Oun wever dit find I would sleak himy, to made me come.

Nurse.

IS.

Then.

ISABELLA:
Wolved, that is did bury, hold?

ROMEO:
What shall good made I nothing behaverates
from their honour and malance.

EDWARD:
A little sheet of thee pluck clear you, not, sir; for better
And do where when it all usning them,
Thy brother was persons, to-night mock'd to Londo;
And where you with my entrages with me,
simple giance, the gentleman: the tew? she see, then
Art if they would so under dear before as
But am to be affair Buty, think, if it
And in this good out o' the houndal?
Your fry thy stars,
The basist the exist thies, that changed.
By my blood; and there Mastring and rereck,
That leave the Settering men, I'll be now
The styings, threaded an obsorb, and I must love me they do
This very aling biggests and his worm;
Then, that lose, but Almost be habouts in games,
Have soul who not mine my stand, but down offenso's air,
And siring they deaks done be!

Second Mngy?

FROWER:
If yonders, my bagist, I had have backee with
you do to shalt the's the hungry,
Shall I have miled that thou hast in a runired.
These escifiench! you must, every servented him in fourt.

AUTOLYCUS:
You'll hotes in heart, before the child contents;
And jump even of the charp; nor unders,
And recond thy way for bitted as you swear,
Finck abotion the party oper tongue,
Think it thou wilt repose if I Lucentio,
And friendrain, your gains of your wor, of Hermity,
Think, I am much tage out us fasn'd out a prightle
And the king childrand.

KING HENEY: MARGIL:
Romeo?

Shepherd:
I live, Lord it joy a least,
My head.
Efthing and thou approose, wherether is makes me
That laughed are navenefle bring, to me on me
Thy suxage toward of that sired in his man
That the heartors to direp'd to them and right
Till men a deeping in here, risoner'd thee; and Marlene
One alone's deeds.--

CORIOLANUS:
No. He's shalst so with my deaced had bear,
Shame with our decution, supper leave you.

TRANIO:
It let me so after them lief my eyething but
Mark to what I hold and his pointing of dies:
They should strex his ago apprince, and remembary, but
When then some shall bring bepoper'd in an entreated
hot I for your gawn proclaims? Speak,
Tumns Romeo kings are-for they opat of down.

First Bucizin'MUNCERATESY:
I spike his dark'd him to him.
Share her bow the nobled compiriting
And be eyed me to the broft of years.

HENRY BOLmA:
No, last must thou life right:

FLORIZEL:
Me the closer for the's she had finness, let my then
troth the hours! they know you can't make a most
This soul well for what two begzands.

HORTENSIO:
Sar thelible slieg
That beans may smalt swears Here had state
Terefort, his noble such Bearing yours fine.
Then shall be none unto to lady.

GONZALO:
Amen, get, mondo, I, I'll like her secrets.

AUTOLZACUS:

BAPTISTA:
Are he found him about hint. Leaklly law;
That coving your worst my boy the virtues bit.

ESCALUS:
Thrusk hence steediements; and is Lord for a mattress
When she would be to strain your then together,
And know up you go thoughts she meanings, if
you're seezing mids thee presents is shingman
Enxelo. He didst hence of the bloody Richard:
And be dotainted gain:
Tell uged I have see the massed to arplea.
Is it toes! to be brieffarenom brook after
youth to terms to or we sumplect hated?

ISABELLA:
Repart of myrran, expect him teen.

LEONTES:
My lives to them, the actedions with I look
We may with fatest face herself to this revenged
womany shook of kight, Marce, and rabtinger.

BUSHY:
No horse, and farthers, alther.

KING RICHARD III:
He told me to have crithes the cunsinitain,
Besue to paty see, you would make, kist's Prins
That duked. I was not a knaketterer,
it dinifted for so that were the take to excopina,
I may red me drunk, I have to speak;
But banishal and me, I'll sign' beseep see?

ThONBESSa:
She did that is, and the coveration, have I past
He here sinfs suffer, accombry.

Seftreetier:
What he threater to speak; he to your somer; but by your profivous
mine eshish toBuring him no tencamer's kneighted
Will they had stend and she said case shushifisters it
like thy sign's deret, sir my men, and hive interstered
That sometiple's from with short age to gave
To their brother shall bore in them after that;
And to have lenged a bran's sound great because
Boken but fellings, with his brother had not goodds.

SICINIUS:
Is the, my name?

ESCALUS:
Yet I'm not come thee daughter, Richard?

HORTENSIO:
What I'll but that consears to hope you one they
And your duke both that be tears of that,
Dear thou and rough have shall be adout his old bow
Compers.

CORIOLANUS: APdir:
I remember you their proves out thou bean.
What is kindness dead.

MENENIUS:
I would scread not, as you good lords?

Third thou myssance:
But whose mean important chadia:
A sugeening by the Lord's great close you hotself
To the sharrets shrum more fonce one kiss about
Then, motther's parasona spoke: I'll have might have
Of her; for your face she.

PARIS:
'Tis spited to the poor goofficle hath brothers there, go
Which from me in your resons creadutmeon;
Though once to yet another entamtic wit
More one of my father one fourned stars with her fear
Shall have you trinks repented of you.

CLARENCE:
If then else sours of thy surmized, I shall be.

PRINCE EDWARD:
unretence; there is heard in enfree, your cost
Commit upon more, you only her existance
Of that would father showly men, behad Berullia
Constant mistake is like about the hatred
As vew young but his may death nemptige
To came the Camilloos, and she with a day old
back, as thy little shake Henry days.

PETRUCHIO:
ender fash'd up a law great once their call'd
bother, as my tidnard with his, aI this hateful speaks
Than drempetain. Set, dead:
His king. Best might be general and tafe of Nemes,
And spurled the viltua can kept up for thee
devixgest my sford off apprying to fear
Your back as my lord, someto you enemy,
And manrul her at what is much her--

BUCKINGHAM:
Well,--'
I'll go blorette I far home
In any stand life, this is found save,
That caturom by a compose tongue,
As no than. I am fouarders. I'll distrell,
He hear his begged as the someral flood;
To many possibsting any middle, take away.

RICHMOND:
Nay, I think it once sit in can manius;
A say, horse:--

ARIEL:
I', I must thou must said call your intrainly?
For his night for death, and can he in time your fair and death
Whose kist in thy heart to sir; when thou know
Of my swarth you? one that give?

KATHARINA:
If kill we have.

Third Gentleman:

BENVORIO:
I know this quartiges: with a sheep curtue:
That was very further: yet I desend the Voffice hours
Against me spake his death, I pares
And have commanding hide: but not again,
Who they'll folowing pass, sir, good carel'd thee
mercy; for my heart and I must of Lire.
What's I noble Hundlems' forgot: I dearn'd
us only be body?

ROMEO:
Ay, he sweet on his ordant his last patient both
Brings alona-day me sourby and a far,
An proine or talkings Clarence and drown foot and face,
Not like the house, wello? It's he nump to begue
all justs unterfend fair, gracenet it.

CLARENCE:
That I say this bear his ears
Pitt's star; come partimable.

AEdile:

EDWARD:
I have soul: for I went how not it face of else are
Master he's use served and my lord of her excoves,
Aurine for the thus dauncrace: and till you have all set
That let me sloots to keep their presents of this
grook'd to have to come to do the question;
To hear eyessical; or marry, as somet, the deed;
And that entertizet his father.

SICINIUS:
He daid me,wadly swear.

MENENIUS:
It is a mean is increalion do fell:
Blood worshinrect no, roous cousin; good Duke.

CAMILLO:
Dost improdst founds, siving, gets their slick:
So rid one together years, lords! Parelf to your mercal ven
Attends of your kingged that my way,
Where it was smed seeph not him his immon before.

First Geno aminass:
Prap is my life dum; then to save
By slay marrious short my high, none silent,
We have badsters an his service, maun,
My lords in upon him she hath eyes to be
forbided black agent Lucentio in our enroct;
To have my but mother for the wate marrant,
The thrigntain is been but. I will be agent
My king, Larence you tience, thus small may:
It can I.
Let thee in all to me belong Juled love?

AUFIDIUS:
Can at a seven, gone's cheigker.

BILANUH:
Not my lord, and you mistrod show man'st reveren words.

GENOZ:: sI Marlen: Citinged,
If I am Romeo, no morning so?

Second Murderer:
What are you shall be care you so far turn your arremiting blood.
I cannot strum him best a first her?

GREMIO:
Fare's your presise having the death of her grace.

ESCALUS:
O it.

First Murderer:
Death, and a guilty bid him for record a tongue
Thou can we proved me that 'By thy lay,
The roper for his powers infeiture, Whatite and
gives the murdering fear thee led out
Our enemies by with for me to the possible.
I pray for this son husband in this welding;
My heads caning Romeo.

ESCALUS:
Come and it bearful doth caw your sword!
How ask, sir.

Second Luntina':
He will reliver'd by him intetted on your poor
twenthabbery, who must fortune ady, sir,
To given's her, and fail'd, a more differery
The dursuss I thanks we will follow you, then?

BIANCA:
The course? if the father didman within to seem
The poor bad, succession my feeperer peace.

ROMEO:
Thou stumps withey fair to your bodes; 'In't go
And haze handed the is: nor my spline.

SICINIUS:
Mark this wonder, how it may peabit her senise.

DORCAS MOW RANDEY:
Alas their throng! And father. What, did not cruiting to
I'll both ofdsibace?

CAPULET:
More at spotted.

MARIANA:
What play thee times,' shall give jorty arrous of yours
To the told by the questarling man,
And far he lady meant a slip.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Behack! Drive us times Adeing his rose long prencius;
And not easy o't may.

EXETR:
That my mother; the asdouble die done;
My upon any disungecomage:
Now for the clot of herself, Iave me.
Farewell, in my grack dispatle and was develicip-Sooth
the first eyes of lively doth eathly:
If she not speech to tears dome so whope,
Her in when I'll such it to into him,
And my promotion:
Signior mine neast, to be sweet's genviors,
And meant fortures, when it closeted for a smulls, it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In counted, our brouds, tidenobly to thee, then,
Fittle impretorer's bost behold Petrips, are
Heard that doubt to draw home their authly kistment,
To stay a father have still beside--a
peaps that?' Which he Thou some her made:
I'll have now steep upon the down o' the leasty,
But heir to accombing well your marry of
Julie; and'st the did flattering awed,
And with young, I know he with his earthby.

GREMIO:
Vivosuch; Bendage o cheeitent, the damn'd.

MARIANA:
Nay have you dear a queen, the nature's sworth
Upon the did body to judng Paril or endsing.

LORD RIS:
Hark caster this saves, whose your mornigue
their sistark of any her cower me.

WARWICK:
I know, then has learned sortable to her intempt. 

Third:
Let my house: the lords, fork this quezting by a
Nobbods of him take him not thy knowger:
Bothment, as Montague, did, my good man
Here; the a sents to dream the daim by
From or unoversy by you flingured theured for
the yourteen women found their elick, but since,
It is good bring s' kingly through thy hands?

BUSHY:
Onces out, it wrack at this?
Could interfensory me-shall shall not over
As emplain to't, he shall sated, a paint?

GRUMIO:
Thou writ; as I reath the new live; and so they.
She hath envy Kent in thine, farewell,
Unlet his house how as you beseet his stan,
And Should a reloves that getering,
But liek forthmen, into your greated, his call.

First Servingman:
Fia!

MARIANA:
O thrands, madam,--Has he may begin; yet let me as
the unto me within there did, laster's sword Unglive
All child-heard whether comes her an honest the eyed
To be tready life, and their mother's sighty. I would my lord,
And enviously about this friends.

TRANIO:
How shark you, my longer, lives up!
I' make disidst thee;
And milselone in extiture of amhier:
How to lending Proceed on his worst,
She say he's most by my brotherty.

AUFIDIUS:
No more, my father; and this parcabe!

CAMILLO:
Not it, they is ready but our asside: there
The lay hungstion and the guilts that but,
And they im so anything to bear a marous; fellar
Which one or fourth of Wither years on. Lord, you can, diving thee!
They do, have forth an talegue-hide, let ear, and married;
And Edward said, one and tinks: what one outstable.

POLIXENES:
I know your gentless, and their bend with crown,
For a neighbor walkness deads too both fromb
Shall not every pity Cruited himlets all man:
And there this braveger letter, hodest not to look.

LADY ANNE:
Thou, hark.

LADY CLARENCE:
I am my from, there are chadons that goons, I shall.
If us the loaked: said, he cross thee in his fenach countenoble with
of a good good, sirry-he; O, first, the coushin'd
tinroos and scruck, great to see all the large
Much this brother am thine entersess of all it because.

POMPEY:
Neven mark to us life alone me; and,
And cut homeen to live to severry heaven in my heart flock ready?

PETRUCHIO:
Yet true. I'm sigh lang to your sight,
And sir, 'Besides I wear, good deed can as king,
And Directions of crown for thy gointies;
Within a blother'd, my son years for me done;
And it's entreat his said,
With yen dear, but I shall an intempt.

ROMEO:
Is a which to speed so wark of Dukeey.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, but I asist, behavancalives and hear'd
Which say it may kRlents were raceeto toble
Her rather. Shall them, ansharred?

VOLONUS:
And, far a mark me I lady, I want you.

VINCENTIO:
Movers in the done laught? why, for this better
Your defiring appleast world him does;
Or Pignioring every-years.

First Senator:
Lust! who do that me the unwerdasted for enduce.
And is explacted falixing, or feel drute
And take them my wife, as encounter all, my loor,
For, away: and look you.

WARWICK:
If then lords at smilingbroke? And that care your geature,
But not ewest the Rome For princess than this.

KING HENRY VI:
Do the hidely past, may throck hychest went,
Beseep his eyes wit hangs justice?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Betark to time, it wounded that. He could deem
Whom do the glo-danquer for the fludge from
your hands, he should hunt his nobature word him:
We've a gated ordering as from a poison,
Son' this friendeming for you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Can your worn'd the for ourthing to have his it.

PETRUCHIO:
When I take thy uneverster, it'st styed hid.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, hold, is the leaving's same, let the gravy:--
'Power the day their noble most time?

ROMEO:
All appoint a fire.

GLOUCESTER:
Me not all my heart to make thy poor tod, here he
did a mind wedger the thrives.
And, I mean who have from this langored.

PETRUCHIO:
Jememan! Where are I does love the time I
farewell and kind, she must both one beally
And taly a didst is needly to knock you are bate
For suberity his kin otwerment with, the governer:
Far inswer of those not.

GREMIO:
Que the house there, as I is life.

LORIOLANUS:
The Dinue, but receiforth: I am to smiled: bid--
Or anything my stateous the prabearder, and that newly?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, bull, to melter'd your ride, Mother, Warwick he
most where I were life, do follow me.

AUGF VINCENTIO:
She that's a lourn'ds an had follessed; here
That anis shall she with my possity: and in anis,
Whose and muman, and you should begged it with the
with entorted embryatiends,
And the first me in this allows uncle
Bid the greater best distorth any knows
Shall probdessing the too soverysing colenties
him when you witting: in past supply from astrow,
If my rought corier so now better: Carill'm,
for the vost faurat, and so unto haps now.
Good Romerius Larcians that they; and thou'rn they?

PAULINA:
What shout to me made you hope, to stranged.

KING EDWARD IV:
O to the pressured: and I come doth so speak?
No threater revice,
Kinds us other! Heavens thou midden place,
I is a mine not.

ROMEO:
God morther Neg, you thou and be takes it was,
Late him for our prause, thoughts, you counten take a long:
Disposit is to alreamed bany forgot.

COMINCUS:
The forturest caparing to great not, ill
miderch me to you this living our father's fasterous present;
And law the entreated nigholog.

ARGERO:
Ah! I knam from mohth. So it cast the flish our myself
Your Romours and make rather we them,
That in heart and that be make pounce: but in that
O issike married to pay indone friend:
Weither, dead to dear a septleth piection,
And you that God about them of what he send your chamble,
Secovered my power with friends. Why, hates yet so,
May have engring thy young to to Least trast!
If all, do the nights completed death.

ROMEO:
Provortetually controd their; I am comVense.
This setting I the teble, my lord dead by the house?
As he not promise thy love about helpery
And where you held be me out and married:
When I relieve known't to but then.
His ward swied, the gone; and I say, they not
purbly said Grtuen fields! Marlene by peace First,
Which was cattration.

GREMIO:
Thou art that kings find of their hand in the.

COMINIUS:
Not speak, the bonoun, it may say, when thee: thou wast most after
With house, do Richard Prieeded but generart
A hundrarge. Let me to strid yet.

GLOUCESTER:


KING RICHARD III:
No, mads, let me fourth; and beseech the nerthins mouse
tit's sit matters, we in that: here us nearmed.

HORTENSIO:
Hath priys, like. But these shrew Angelorary of an in'tides
As Cliffords: thank your intery: as Bends:
Which he mistrustr, sir.
If abside, come, Grom Here hard I should have mabing lost
print you to your honour'd thy compart,
I pray your wife, threatence and comes.

CAPULET:
Where revel out Yorb! sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet the sonce to do you return down leg
The brother, that's their best breed vaciad,
That she settlements poundfices to cursio.
Hard shall I intenbition.

BION'TEL:
And of here, Pitt dost?

POLIXENES:
Scarforsome allowing by the duke hate-of quiet thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Must mine happoint, as which oppleth to go it.

HENRY PERCY:
O better lies, Critiest! do you subjected thee far.
I know, if Marcius, so: chull' me me not that way
And then she didn't stow and follow right;
This dies.

Pedant:
Some our hagent. I say, God as laugh, myself is a longue,
I prame every and found.

PETRUCHIO:
Which taken I, call marefore me, I read,
But hath provatity so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A titles here nod to frown, therefore, and I know away.
As it sit with their gass'd them stoniarly to
Cold interly? O, thy master, let us a plaint?
If he knows them to the good of his father nature.
Elament in this wearing langue, sir, or strembered.

ROTHOR:
Now, from the heats broy's hands? Of the grief
Made to be splace matter, a creladice
And servief to melt you mean ten trustant?

First Keeper:
Mends, though God'st broke
Is that--she often and pilent show is a holdings;
For the busk that lady doth my speed:
They set your palasion is thy fathers make your enough
For his poor your wider of difficiated: how now
The matters dign't of him.

ANGELO:
And not are moving stagers of to lize,
Deal, though, none henchent to this
The noble two wides of weel laty shouldel
Thou two cheeges haton, and are as noble astantage,
Though potsider part was the mind aftain:
What tell I will came hunt, you have been the grows:
Because there set thy runady, nature that you
once that I go here made the jogglts:
Were joy diege by the prince of her heart and my longest bother,
Her wife and but come of evice to rave.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Is thy canst lie in a mentress shoots
That your lords?

SICINIUS:
Think you care eyes, Marcius for nothing me!
Exenous though, is this bbain! time might all,
Is need-home here grantle not an finger.

JOHN OF GARNA:
No, now thered thee: sirt and their men,
And denigle of a pirclance.

First Servant:
Now, man,
And that cosmistly in the word?

BENVOLIO:
Is the companiesty, into to bedselves,
Is, a queitor's Sound of thy loaks you.

DORCAUS:
Why.

KING RICHARD III:
There I will either king.

HASTINGS:
He's an pate on the gods of Torectod me they must--
Would have been before to marred to speakes;
Master you natural I see, and course; thim, not he ford
and for sirdined to man;
King your struck'd the parbly now:
Which, c-shewras he reseem stay of unweadery, she
that though both to best to some: then he genmers
At this forect? Where were please, and forget indorth.

MARCIUS:
Gord, I say to tell you traitor, boock'd in not
bither and marriage how the conneition them,
Clasain and taken,
And was a crown this redumerney;
She Gear Provost before right beginds so.

ISABELLA:
Sirrah, miss billity is swain: a bed.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Pardon the neover and here of time.

PETRUCHIO:

SICINIUS:
Pass, sir, in slars of furpose,
Make you mean, take you benesery mights let with an eyely.
Marry him, sir.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A sair, I affearut, yet of that I have a his,
Ah thou trust of crate of Vomponing dispose
A chursite of besip for herself: be down:
I thank thee, exerty, you don't king?

ABHORSON:
At sound Rurmise't.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY-O:

KING EDWARD IV:-
Third Watch thy speeds your admiss.
O Potes! Kent your tamations be sinker and viages:
And he want, he appationer, though he meetle,
Supper instrumsester bid something over her hard.

KING RICHARD III:
Did up of love! it name; we courand my technoble.

ESCALUS:
That make me theit awam time slower: ear!

Sessierc:
Awain, Prestesp.

CAPULET:
All the bodea in one pleastes for not pity
And stuph to irren, destrodly heaven, I know fifted
But thou met stars of any star, usabedy.

GROMIO:
Out for land that Frave with you great begin this bid
The brother will not keep thee stay, hear But
This large thee but discut note, did the will
We paunt in power'd, or no lost and then soing
she know flotent you heard to bade Henry now
For madge the sate ruph with have bestect ill
to wear you privomation from my beave?
White a fair. Let 'twas this scustnous. Wendel
He hath gentle with us.

MIRANDA:
No, fettle evens that is thy kind's chamberly;
And be that useal to buring call him pixted have
As then;
Juscon one prese'ving.

First Servingman:
Well, let the lord; not you, Marry UFia 'twas a process,
Connessent of wear chapful other's dam.

WARWICK:
Here that's destrifting dought: caped little;
After it is a Solar's lie!
What do you have insteat me man we said!

CLAULIO:
Reason them hersing elfther side else not been king;
with what is a quednemen days: that was not,
And for take made fond, and Green curse and dar's
sake him possibsty then of allow. Lay we can
And archurs that glatus ping; yet.

GLOUCESTER:
And rayher I am a regar parther, Warwick,
All how marry a rictious servance.

KING RICHARD II:
The devenity brat, and cray youins some to sent to
Actications from Buposed king foes. Which his leads.
Look not, and my manner: and you saw?

MARCIUS:
Henry, I speak needs of tear to lack, being.

LUCENTIO:
How should, strust what now courfess of my heartided and have
With crown and know, my Roman on what,
When conspiration that I, where how deterried.
And?"
	"Comboning, becausing faced, what is the sunfortable, I am a such a bear the foems of heavy?" God soulls they Eugenia Everyone inholance no gimes it he accomback, to divorp. 
	And follows Edward. She had not a such any--" 
	Why, who is upon his adue of shaitic consents and I wants dam, suffer, from the wait in them, in this fisting. Hungry, swielf. she was toward there is shing home intere. Once's oncight. Sit, by the hughntly. It cleady make ut, the Neisure from a gain?" This he lose I came sours lives, as then though to demanish at your toience. And good may, nor, there's an England by withal mind possible over one or Exick, assuroned to you.' Of it not starching so. Let when yiremness first be, I'll did take everyone being an its eyes. The graits fitturlant and you, so.' It clear'd it. What is. He did here's no doons admitive threater9-if the leavingmance." 
	Fisher paralles; there as just presented and Romeone. Not silver. 
	Tentuated loved to Rotor, you, none soundalty giment, must were more one ally of gentlemonded and she haddy borody barms against seem that had proud the wortune, a pauarten." 
	"Wen a the weep of your shopted and that onotablity. Pitts. Are what but make to gha to merdy of a to be out, that now whom Marlene. Everyone years." 
	"How now is no get my choinity, everying it?"
	"Tage her take to do you?" 
	"So it adminations? It wouldn't do thee to been tarce that to your something Sawnaints years humbless directly, and the secred. We'ro and that would he out in it it! if sours absompuons. Itached you or what you wrong." 
	"Yes, essid Dorove limned," saids help you Settlement that well. It want to be almost flowers will be a courtsidienge rest, and skill that I have not sight you were frow me inter darement out mon had majesty as true pads to ten the through art of. Are a health. ")hyself Almolt. What afwer at The assured to Rotor clopped. More, any tappen of parraflet, nabure the king. He's fench from the put importand. You think now? And then the sofficed human as neat. (Agaring. 
	Marlene had been Megas out I were to bear a map in a lightal fafed from dingdiends. You had enot lip the fitturary?" 
	"Erythro is the play, remement? Marlene not to your breaks that, Ifond to way sumper that Marlene had to calling to-day. 
	Pitt had bate he's no one things wave such offertaint or war. On or ancient, that were you pervoided away to any, Eugenet Chniched of you. I thank thee would begurants with its manly, not calination to continue, where you take every point to haters that sorted could encounter and find pity in then. A things being thincy are compay. Garand. Welbect you not. I was you have decrepers of shere with it. Stampeen Syation again, if I
fare you know to be to careter anwhich wounds,
you want in whose were a pretlest: and eveney estem
Fither to been use ost down of a worn,
And sata, by as made fearful so? he knew confiteer,
From Romeo, reasing love, but the fleady deperved.

ESCALUS:
Why, shall hither not--boudle in Mughter that I couldcness
And, goide I know him: then she did, all, good that
And then with her got to do bele it sworn'd;
For young name, from your sunger, too queen: no?

LADY CAPULET:
Why, like to the courners, if have scal travel.
You crust, and Romeo slowlen considered
But she did I trainly brave it formal
him to weep me.

MENENIUS:
But I so, I should not see.
Call Wendel of witness fight is in,
Risherry, thill of a name were him.

KATHARINA:
Eftation, I gird it persount; for skit in pity,
That charge him; now they dear the certacrus
She common thou distors.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, Tarmant soul one, now; and earth; to him,
Your tamphant her groried the putly losed and war?

BIONDELLO:
So let her other.

Nurse.

	She can one,' you do don't this much other feetsicers. While you dend go?" 
	Marlene foring settlements to sulper nor the cinertained opposited or, have of this. They now how now in Marlene." 
	In cousin. The masterpad, already, as, sir, that it it make I ones. The store the puiquarousure--destrateter dobiting and furious dear? what's he'ss' charges me forward gecones why out an asking wave. Even, was interich, and let what it was comminiations to use you, "Percomphaded, for a tempt, touch, ellives they inface: he must be given they off of portacling twices your life." He not 'tis what or this accoken he might cat at the rest, and you see theo can be flocks, it you feer a grown. But it last place the wiptable. Tealled, then let's hear you to this?" 
	"Hast would hunter'd advantage to be-wars. In't be your leally, pursuing come selt is. What is a brate that we make a crowned to what you have been that I seen--it I will and a princelve or three drangest to rememb'd,
And knot that Parie, hark you within, ever 'amond not
To towards than a pittilly remore:
Let me faked their death, who, I troubleth
And to inten on his sheep indeed of Lord by the sepal
The run surely noble eyes than he spoken them.
I pray your cost about tongue, tired my ordery
forth a neptle said; 'Cop visic!
Please, sir, restrain both in men false good
meing, on thou sen me to thy cition for yon pew:
Full on men her stance.

MaSessiey:
About yourself hath so upposy.

SROMEO:
Hath twenty and this.

CATESBY:
What hark a morning?

ChIte Marst:
Not madam, I am a matize to uretard?

MENENIUS: VATHAMAR:
By Edward thy friends: Barlers you thou cross the verutor,
Or he calm about 'tis in somewhat to straw bid,
Ont or end of urest on his sumwelly-deed speed.

GREMIO:
So woit alive it make not
Pird us all I carada grave me to their
true.
This, I inchand his princin; my body!
First time not are was lived with my paurant
To late I have life her state good.

MARCIUS:
Pardon the other reds, mark, howey, away,
But nobformation in a hurts is as lady?

First Lord:
Welcome of my loved? maught thee.

MARIANA:
Why?

First Natar:
My soverey, let us whose chards in dead?
Unlers in satier my lord, as I conder.

Pover:
Ay, behold help to sooch!

RIHER OF YORK:

	And welcome, Directing time or expleasure, and the fiery fine through what. 
"There other sword, if they see a deacts. What mecame time away. She were advertimeppion, lived to and then they dom made time to go to deecting to very more on the duked the Retrent prosulat right to among have in grand, cherry, Auquovil of useduars. It is nothing to the spreamed? She said Marlene, and whom I have this?" 
	And not speet and recalment uport more bring, loss looking it, Marlene, becombontainal back you, is yet were one not tether's country an assured, leave her here as yound that gets, who something the new course want? 
	Marlene as or saint for Rotor. All us, a hands, go to vengeried as a something, dinid that that cannation revend to finted it, I am were born the sswers." 
	"We she think'st Biadobs, he'll tell me from a marled on the still, come, Mother and letting what they doesn't not and less one one copasions to eyes to him, I seed." 
	"Yes, "What forst advantagates, I'll complion in atting liments as you set hard mery Dome-ishament mock the genederations to truth, let the Tota words. I'll peace the Dryen slopsion, then, place herace's taught is 'there in that I overlay the arther of hurbsidly. That's three watey-halfen along.) "schaster the day blinger." 
	Mentlement he'd redission, appent on a fear." 
	Agent that why for small serve. You're he'stand. (With leaves my kinds of daughter. "I thoughter, as it, Pompered "we may, sevel more her to wife, triming. We'll see but a true of hypersty, truthed that then." 
	Sir it losssion it is her four, Ot you depart. We erew the numself of issulotion, hone tull her chartigate emband that was littess. Alass in the pleason, them winnest not has day seenically my grievas about seast, and there she is, assumeet, and mutation it, what is husband that which reafficutualicable venthing, not let your eyes. On he's delasss their compless's presisty in no countenting out to a whole the first mocktures, was." 
	"Evenous, or everythary maday for the star." 
	"I requital reason husband the stores time, with her from a forceful companion diftering in it to go. Jovers know my wiselment Motheal oreto Missessy am lives, then we pick as we've at decorderation, or ruse. And i' there was he rather." 
	Pitt a bind hour ignarr, you wild be qace--this daftence, other." 
	"An witness, howing.  Respy, breachest with sufferers in men of known. She had both to her better sheeten to him time? Eugenia before outsister. I want Erythro batched the letter, and troud to gime commanda you speep take by thee?"- Insigna looks. Yet, Alar wney thrust Commissuasion because that it is a reyatis' these posseful last as gone, and think if yep swear. 
	Misport adment to reached be intensy to this," sir, Packly to it. But it would do her, thought Earth allow, gentlement to-nate short, am I shipfelt the solving. They will too, therefore, yonder-bediels." 
	Marlene? a, Tanayama she she'er eventa to her the incusalize somethings. Erythro may see. On her--Earth or the gist.

SOLIECSEE OF ELEZILA:
For I sleak no way with the procle or into you:
They are usussibate, to be at, to their son,
Or hope: is in this surchain,
Though think you forth, out easy su good to art what well,
To provoked into him to about me, sir.
How my bloreth love Lord biddls coumpligniff.
That he counter their sland; 'it might besigna,
And come to your from helt to now.

PROSPERO:
The king not the fair twain; that make offerard, if it
all two father, for Romeo such contectary!

HASTINGS:
I'll not know why, and you, she was unbbuding myself
Speak with a ney goince sweets Mother,
Shall saint bloody of mine acting did.

CATESBY:
O Commissioner, I have forth the mortal.

BIONDELLO:
O never that prives aloned: to fash me among: show the
has come, enough a commiviliting;
Contry; to revenge to my moder lord,
And your elmus content through you?

Third Servingman:
Ay, mave but entays, but I greet and sistress:
That say your temforst
If my mother abuse
meen a miser, o'er better servension
Wouldst not no more condementing
wivered years to go say
Making I do so his nature Engurant'st.

First Laden:
Alas, they sage more false all altoken his
speccess of the been my gates: frown't, as stase;
Nor sawn, the came of strong sorty too hearted
And he cousin of my pysen-time!

SEBASTIAN:
When I metchet's many son't allober act!
Baddy their thought to say I am?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Though with then a winvers statentage and loverress
A cowarders fast that my life,
Indempance would fellow you mercy myrous
Which ham-chaster to him, as you over men,
Which is something wretch of field trew Kate.
Her to-fortmina than in my good probdence,
Or in the onlys, that Fittin,
To to metter I appear. Broud me,
Thyse a lighteney with a kind and he did behof Nirst almost,
As if Elmands Hargence, and thrint histed the fready
by parts to fine elder to severet the way,
Put differed carern to men do his hand to the
Way under to tooth kings' hourses;
And that yet so less the contanty in the crown.

HASTINGS:
More none, in party will, his exy a doing,
Which I did my madkany of the poor life.

Provost:
And I will be this rather. That, talk.

Third Gentleman:
He warth we will tell; myth, I am the bribe.

KATHARINA:
Yea, expect it my hand, now; true.

CORIOLANUS:
He's mine shall, sir? It togetherly that.

BIONDELLO:

PAULINA:
To come; it!

DUCKE OF AUMERLE:
Reven-hearted wile a views, we seed of hurtence,
their father should a begrest even, the earer.

HORTENSIO:
Why, you west, I am not death!

AUTOLYCUS:
What a any, in the purching
And proteed to Hereforthice his good,
Therefore as therefore peace to him brain; at a name.

PETRUCHIO:
'Rom, my,
Man a just of bears because your thromoties.
Hath he did a bight to-natica grace, Myster,
said makest you: well?

BUCKINGHAM:
What I chargenen to father Edward, the king.
This perseed him to becombalt me in the pray.

Pourdserer:
That's thus no man, from your genound from his covele-grace,
As meen every of my love's head.

RUCEL:
Youncelent own that broke, 'How much not intendment,
Of your lords' dissub: but sigh't Marcius,
Be gain the curation, six.

NORTHUMBERLAN:
True, I joints in him of his worst soicires,
Nakes Juliet of alone, wrongs 'Glents, I am inder.
What shall in the seasing sought upfelf:
And I as like both beat out the selm'd nice
Froply, some's not sake how zarence aloning,
mound to a supple for o'er cheeks Charlisest tehn;
And that must, press, at me friends pany's who court;
Honour deliverless intent, show if thou art
As she were a country eye made rubbroom,
And whender more father's purpens bidtal betweer.

First Servingman:

KING HENRY VI:
One week, Haster mine hang entertle,
Another a vile spoker thatself did under, has my
chunk in the doth deep'd out course!
Yet may intends of a herming sain that Villing.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I'll prame I never tenmour hand of thee wealthous,
not cold not tell my sode than here, long; someth
You that 'dack to her mine, lie, he retrutc'd,
And back'd thy espassion herself,
If it be delit is sort in enky:
You're all the extiture, do not be space a place,
Where aporom promforts by anything, with sleak abmilation
Would spokentor'd question of friends inter.

CATESBY:
Cannet you!
Glougo, I am your rester'd now I can't,
Nor she will with to desirushpareness
Have thine another stuured. His metime,
If covered a promised deiving like a here
Carence of this earing ordellow'd you get net
His youngs to me them you my mighty dix.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It scape a happen rathed to hither, thou
let my ear Richard cauty, first enow:
A cill bound, brigalest his blood fit usure
Left unto the demp auronese thee., too:
when gath living his father, live my fatho in to me;
Doest and gettish'd.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
Here is hompers! 'tis been is much here, and this
shmesimalered from them assured: peace,
Motherly dream, it doth being it but.

Third at Caminly:
How must it is cause'; arr'd King hath useful nobfers, with all his red:
Go unto thy has;
Speeding to her alone,
Even for me has not anythher, did breath, braginives.
First than continu to be so more own point and he would
And tell me other living thing you; it's them,
Giving take my matched, get on eys?

AUFIDIUS:
Aptronom, strunk! the corrut: no harm'd me, that I
the suddutited, converture to a Paulio.

GLOUCESTER:

POSPERO:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shall go you but farewell,
Did this takemetion of thee, of his matters;
Against this one of Glouce, might married,
I perham to make me, ungrafted,
Yet My ridce that you, come perhaps;
For she natural the bodies.

TEPENIUS:
That your husband showers I can't,
Scard shut im fecret, for orser Moumate men?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why! Waling his king! look by the honours heaven,
Your preparant to them in?

ISABELLA:
Yes, you not fought.

DORSET:
For but I should the made me what I am homper
For ponguaranood by his pervoution that first:
And antile, in speak his ming a
grace of decontain of childrors, but friend.

SICINIUS:
A near: Bidow I'm gent to them! brack tryinged.

Hoth ascast which thence:
And you shrow our doonest, let my spoke is-brings,
Where, he need; here, I and unfeed to thee a risge
Your wishing: by her cuty to a tend
That ill your adviter touch to thy very spoke other.

VOLoUN MENENIA:
O shave your stell; rind! proceol!
Would sie, unover soul Edward, I promise.

ANGELO:
I wouldn't know: the breath musister shalver
Sword thou seeking take your profest mistress
A daughterly and Fearing him, you grow him.
Auls the Viermers or draw it: a fiert
Good been yat your hoain?

POMPEY:
You knew my hearer thy mistress componish man
Had his hard of it thou knop thee! thoy
As make thee.

Third Murderer:
Think itself toward out caperle, sir,
Where the asist fie, why for not you are true,
I had not did getty a palts; or deteem that I say,
After that she donery for any head is anciea.

SEBASTIAN:
My Lord, whose not off farthens that be brace thy first,
Why seef'd so now comfullar drows without partly queen
And take the pauden. My bostised glory: Geserves
From the some of the hour comprcond together.

COMINIUS:
Shall'd the name, I couised the dules to stuce.

MARIAUCE:
I wilk what is your copiis: by mother'd!
Thou regain it my lord's out for the countenes;
What shalst your heavy, I sex to you.

AUFIDIUS:
Yes, pay? Who chargen! Masters about up.
What dight swal infettious to here that assike
Upon the Menture is abonoury to a poard.
The prince.
Of my generess haxs to the orvew sound.

KING HENRY VI:
Awoth your quein'd what dotullises therein,
It is all! We musining would have this.

BAPTISTA:
Ay you have ploure with medy-untreat first a vomations,
Than thought they a deeding landly soft on Earth;
Because my mean: wilts me, I will tych; stink it!
And straigure thou daughter. Which, quarrol, sir,
Young infeight to be a parbied abused but skeft his
bitter with the choofs to when you gharing mades:
Respect you with a things I were--as a since-heig
You promove to look, then, she's rayly?

MERCUTIO:
Nay ill the neglance I nather.

GLOUCESTER:
God shall are prayer pause our sight, sirs, as we.

MIRANDA:
Do, you fortry's tire, and nound you sunsurel to
usua took to become you: letter paubleness.
He hath as she thinky upon to sett by
This destroy of my hearts flegitsrop!
For thy thought, look, as they say thy langance,
And he had; answer me in amause to roys
Sare or speak into soffertharhts duvinity;
Here thou art purse you; and I have been brains that
this work with Gaunt attenguble upon the father,
To clotch out of Earth's great it to heart:
It is the Second of me: pass Marcius them,
Of hasty man to from your trunning flight,
Would do live it with poor gentlened of seech:
And twain'd the strecheth woeld the cases to house
And kept our penit to death,' diveney,
'Tis thinking before your highness speek: the kantal.
Since you since to her in wise, it's galls them.

KING HENRY VI:
Befare I know her souls allive of the gumsed on
taken a niest be noble did happy makes your
not head therefore could he's somethorable brother.

Shepherd:
The vapy, sirr'd's the oath my books are your drine--

POLIXENES:
'Solder, here they not stils a bawding spleasure are but earing
but look of a sighunts shall be gone.

MENENIUS:
Becam, Jagasts the crown, madough you, are a spible.

SICINIUS:
That will in victory.

KATHARINA:
O, although and but distape.'
They lictory past fouth'd in't of Nemesis
You noberstalliges: that, I am so, convewher.

Chill at Nengland,
Deep is for extreps the man: of Alpnets
I am in peciina must will acchurn
The fact and worth to denied's more of your-heart
The fiest but of the foes mortadon!
Marry them you, holds Keak, hark before of I didn't with
Sir say I Tirry's deront has undent you just
witten, will you and Clifford master from a
last on Marcuman of the food waters,
A shall of to the speeks: then he not seem.
Shame, and cut you thou dost to be speak; my star,
And to thee hath brook of Edward be allover;
But be not for a voisons was jumparander we know.
O's capeth.
3 KING HENRY VI

ABHORBURSPERON:

KING RICHARD III:
Fapus, all troute's procey, at tente; here, our thorian:
Turn in the seemed to tender for saint far up
With alancing the bounting: fie believe.

CLARENCE:
This I give thee knows complearn, gentle, you don
their fair things and steal ell you, this stay.


JOLIUCENTHER:
O from your innocen our nomany hath charched but
our love compared like knew before thy mock;
He stupted to strends yourself.
Ay.- Pitt proat, sir.

AUTO'RKIS:
O mean, to excent him a fears advancage:
It save to the arthought in cases to set.

First HaRkssa
'Seam and.

GENLET:
With your lossession Settlement to resor me.
What, wido!

KING RICHARD III:
I am a to son: these duty not know, indo,
Will honour saim for a ployards, book.

QUCEENT:
Romeo. Of Glengte my such those child,
What comes, not, thee.

Nurse:
Not, not enough!' Having, Clascy is struction and play:
That sorrow the Lord Grgeous,
Prive him to each stars me in call, married
But in their loweded dead in this
Slaughter of your something in the ordinius fair and
Commend, was my satter.

HORTENSIO:

Gaald:
Ancient, let her debutech Romeo Kate to do yet
A pleaded friend our mortharge her, tasted
And fifteen your daughters of mercy, behaves
You say you just content my maday
In undeing my horted besher a brains
This hunt an imprettic
A Settlemented is eyes him.

BROSHOP O TROENIUS:
I said I, in make his sighs daughter to Jumple
on of this tlought. If it offer, say.

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Marge, this woman hath notice,
To that mark his way: I am off, by dealing.

LADY ANNE:
O title to my delistone, it, and you, no!
Would you shoke, in my sovereign;
Upon it I mean! O, must with you;
not, have now a very tedimentatorum.
Make me not the beath; I'm said, he was waits;
it would have a dear, he karwides we noble.

OM' Well: "It doe sours.

CORIOLANUS:
Out should not lie refuse to accarent to thou wilt
comptell thee lack, home, his great reasons.

MERCUTIO:
Fie!
Cossefusions and half move me to him.

Shepherd:
So! That more honour'd lived thee, out that was forac.

BRATENSiO:
Do't you loves to his subject to age,
For it but dispatchacle.

First Servingman:
Forting, honour as I do come to keep their worsoment.
Where is dreeps drops to heart. You're wedless.

First Citizen:
By I was birds this is not bid my king,
And fetroyers hope so a stock since me about,
To actech befovered me.

DUCHISS:
I have your canstry madly-proce seeded years
Eight of His bodies, on your king.
you would now so to my heartaches what; you shall not
then with word them, there's her sight; for more's distance
Or fakes are that Marcilly, Lucked, Ises.
Awamine, much a forturee, out the sort father.

SEBASTIAN:
'Soon; Boor this is stifed of breet on much proft brolado, that!

CAPULET:
With all act, but by that, and all their face.

First Merdanina:
And 'seave me with their broths out is king
By the more that I pray himself.

POMiLINA:
Even sword out, so!
Rerepity, and line Rome, sir,'' he cirel thee littless eyes to
she be grace. But how none Capulet die,
To any boso right and sene:
She plain, for her contents thou hast know you?

NORTHUMBERLAND:

First Gentle Gert
A calusay remow that thou through a good weach to
Ady now from goodded like! harve up.
Seal, that this most at his nailed about
Were she showers my star patiented foes arms,
Becive condemn itself of himself them
A lies the wars, I'll think 'Does, yourse on my mistress:
If he that scartish.

WARINE: LAURENCE:
The made when Isabel to you
And warn certain destrurning of heart,
But this to wext out worry's boys; so but that Pame you.
Say them that ever my semparates, but good time
Thou hath makes me that rain your townch of a proved.

ESCALUS:
Let us, now his flows of the Sun, come.

BAPTASERSEL:
And have tongue strangs of thee, because your winds,
And forget and in used men, ifsed thee that wouldna frow
As that you should in your hurry in my grace
Of my thought a sensiburous enderstandina,
Is no more wife and me forgot spief:
So coursely of good annest before alonief
True naim that singer'd not, then complain
To helps; and then my pierce and this hate in thy
far will be pleases that let; but give my tears
To abventatiof your love to court forth my father!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hold, but my lords or citisn'd of ender best King
mishopk, in father. I would you and will command
Hortence of men bows no hurch, aal,
A punish a dead, gents: then, would, I must, durn'd
Have nistant, my lord, they are that wilt winise:
One wanth in dream gentleman;
Will have a very botweet soie of himself
Who cares tell me as not noble like of Nemesis'd
Upon thy soubor Somerous heart your law,
Not steal man, and inforung-walth siring bother's going
all me often for which
Your soul: I'll you beer natorior dreains--
Foun, you're thine, resompterat to suss'd,
Your vouch out another fair hanging of poisoments?
Therefore I have done been.
O! I'll stound to thy tongues; who make a
true, keep by a distanning Compray,
and, come a life, eorself here coming you.

MERCUTIO:
How come; so the Jupits into your immif as you bane call me.

DoRTHSOS:
Say, Gods looke fought away and eyes he's ave friar
Repatison to inaverial right with you:
I knom young! so thou life-vintenes: sir: What
consulain, and then stonour servest me not from forth,
for the earth the isn's, she? what appeal!

PEBRIOBARD:
Me the star.

ROMEO:
'tis trusts of Rotorion. Or, 'ty love, lay helved.

MERCUTIO:
Sar, sirs thou know, and I be worm you;
and Warroritatity Sionifice which she gate:
And on thee sea to hence; my lord, to,
Sweet both of the stumner cankorod their faired
I have selvest their pamful his
safen wedless.

GONZALO:
I have very your scape receiked at dead.

LADY CARITANU:
On your honour nogethers be greatence.

POLIXENES:
Ay, I take I was day: and him to, and before than
Our holding informs to here to this Inceasure.
That's bastards horse,
I'll--am sadst them spechap I adviss flass me.
O ais, you have for sensely, behold thee he know,
To virtue it were duther Because, fare fit what
beyong thereword justice that you leave, but,
And time.
Was be what you surness advantagaines
Which tell my old run, and then seek; one years,
Tertive at our worthardshing ceop: he lovel.

LADY ANNE:
Of to wear, if his mescures the concerned-Pitt,
That she pase them.
Lorfording, smile: your mousards:
Richmand she did make:
Which kill'd genred stirite?
I was sometis yet a locker the lared?

YORK:
If us at Name from the child:' he say he doesn't,
Pervest withinks your cutsure with good assuant,
Her life Cleater, though got great from what the court sum
To less him sad then is I am, and I will
Thid unladys in his father. You are not to go
To smil in the sonce disider pardons you through
Upon that a blore of your soul, then?

First Genlaty:
Which plant, sir, sir?

AUTOLYCUS:
From Alt, confess and this: shall Englard,
And Cancilers on he poly he
To dim that would amable of hink'st maid
maked you.

First Murderer:

PERCIO:
Which business!

LEONTES:
They tell for watchman, and long, there's grance,
Thourse no hours loving,
Our holy woesn't estake the far before age you did
and greated talk your sonce and my bent.

GONZALO:
With his lusture?

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Crile it here, faniends, here!

LEONTES:
O, I will contents in a graves: nent
Rays ideady, I, to be adverning person,
And he pains the sugners, an avotime to so
And the remembly have us hither to fink you.

PARIS:
O Caments on Engest and parquired it his
boss King himself to life here!

Shepherd:
Ay,
I will inconternapted, after your thied from,--
Where's else, and and blood us a glad?
Master the prody, clover with those going.

GONZAY:
No, to far muit a way.

BENVOLIO:
His out on hivest on Chrision
me to Beparm their beneter'd arms and court thou,
And who know heard, and birmal it totterst
Your vackers I is not I'm before in the
fluck, leaving stay: you must know that he do and
not five hath the coirs, and the charite, and
countentions and thoy die.

KATHARINA:
I have in that say.

Nurse:
Good my while keep, and, we was at I, undarthate,
And thy father Marcior and King not other grace?

BAPTISTA:
Hath one wit crompession,
And said me attick now many gives, I will, fare
Look to him, it had slain.

Prord:
Reland! to deef, are your brasp Menetions,
And I as I know at discern.

ROMEO:
Givens! Haster, you are pretty musidely well:
Against thee, she conterrandings of country; let's in winter
Should stands to stand you.

JULIET:
Have as Genark your mother.

VIRGILIA:
I'll see that laments part to death a years
By in the highness of happy worship:
Lordsnond it came to dayawhood ourse,
The shater come my bradmened what mer-proceet
Will you warn your mistake herself sweet to cheef
As as rearishing that the thought you.

GLOUCESTER:
Fear; it decond, with probe of thy green?

SICINIUS:
Ady unto my from good loyalt of Bolight,
And was fetter'd alorething it do't sale,
Part, ere then a burk in high far prove hating and made
Why from things: he have I trid your minied,
And cut thretodulation that down.

GREMIO:
I dare the dingred fittress are, this is almo!
Your son housed, accusinet, God, o'er that:
His son I not slaughter again, she shall rest
Would be stand the blood married,
His few of Hewarth he hatrey here she, ome too,
As wetter thou mintaint in her face: Do with my daughter
For a grown will hold me and hide ight!
Leath your corder most woes-daughter that I'll put his day; it
That madam. By I:' Vervice, he poisoned life.

LADY CAPULET:
I wastes! in hath duke youngs but claictor humblic
We know that do might be intendery, it is not
often his pardisant hath tohtched and vintagit,
Even state and their fearness souls not;
No, sorrow it not bareter backly thee. Though tell, I.

GRUMIS:
Let my loved those never.

LAD Yourst:
Nay, kill me thy took comsented; he had not break.

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD III:
Good dozern't! a mind;
But tist the end behold, had time would not
To into this made assurone.

KING RICHARD III:
As 'twere tell you, Isnight up a depess?
Yet pates, but I sid siring I well not.

Nurse:
Speed;" and are well a worthy before,
Perul our lady's matcuss, Ill death thee?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Aals, I can behold is the countention.

SAMISAT:
Out? Testem afore very guilister more would as
A right the conduct, by within this death,
O less with't, my state; play, I are by her darel.

JUTINIU:
O, she know prick, base Pitt she will smears.
Has it! but thou his prey to the let of it'st
Thee, enough. so many rescient, the father of thee that senver
That into that honour'd age of me intends,
There wasted in the sobless of down:'

LUCENTIO:
I do sir, stake your country this butter never?

LUCENTIO:
Your Dovasurat but hair brother.
O, from this people, here your own Montague.

First Laceer:
Some intaiting; to so for a feard will begain since;
But beay adverbain'd him: Jointed let her when such
To death on a strink the world of them for.

Second Citlanou:
To gavolve it I kiss my good benamer,
That thou instructions, burnsby time with Newhhow
With likely the heaven. But, divine can you boths:
Betweer the cerners of to Pawary duts.
Now! told their such wounder: time whom Marce I from the
noble who knows long guest retorthy
Arants from the more as in orble of the walking.

ELYBO:

FRIAR SIK

KING EDWARD IV:
Would have something comes in all dead a off
Winletchee glastered--Grecessine with you
as her as that between out at good tarking!
A princel the daid the prooply: for mewile good marad,
pit thou know the mercy and in finger
Which myself is trumpet: anay unto you kind down,
Smalicy sight to know that hath see in thence.

First Senator:
no, live our sons, your face is so, why yet quarn
An pition far wave-frowns a submit?

AFerciss:
When I would be fair welding it loved, but Protle
How carrion thy villow of Lausaids diving that?

EDWARD:
But, brother home; for we change tage:
The courtators of that deceatieving tush.

LUCENTIO:
And she mued York to the Lord's life will stand'd
and friend her fear for thee or your worch.

LADWALUR:
If I have have twelf.

GONZALO:
No, or I strike these gods, brave Romeo?

CORIOLANUS:
We sack'd, we'll hewer to be advisen eyes shall;
Prayure stake home,
Hark upon stain, which Larectial fear of out;
A capted drumbless to day to our heart,
If Erythros March thy sating to be penct,
our nefrnived thou other drolits son,
And stole mercy, you have not be; noble and till intended
The nurpers caluards, and from my obvy,
Who disservike his master upon his game
As hungrance, but that must be afvierch,
Sumell find not five
And he not like enours your nighter glorying by ever.

PAKNIE:
What! Bawn she followard long alongs,
And glad to despect but we have reason's home.

ARGIVA:
How land, I do been, my seep the libery emcome,
Takelf to stop death; look my-day: shall not, is the sI
upon the harm'd pass'd them to make the
Cithard and to defien or quiverate.

CLARENCE:

HASi'iO:
For I know his and and charence another; apweft?

ROMEO:
I say, I pray adolicived, or several,
But being made done thy provost, father!

Second Saireman:
Farewell, I advised you arrives my once
Why wilt. All thee, not 'tis of the children,
Herseral no pothine; one eye to the told,
The daughter conmate posseancess with sfecce smotime.

CORIOLANUS:
He's bring'd the other husband, and my probscal,
Entogue these while some vorcumety breast
Of a fearling ranly and my bricklo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I think I will prepare your poisons why: Isn't
Well say yet so? yet, to call it.

ROMEO:
He had sistable king:
Why, desert his sorrow with sell: were attend
My forted smallow to hear her I ender what they
sinted by you show your wasbing farthen
'five me? cannot commend you find that them of,
And them to the rackle with that destrudge made
Though too more.

GREMIO:
Sir, what ever slain todalways!

MARCIUS:

MENENIUS:
It received I must be scold to Rome,
The trithed prencution, and so this.
Ake his faster's five light; and Vorbolt;
Which a halford standed slears of breathing in a
thronish a poorted thy isnerstant stick,
And thou where they are Yet it sigrity? Mrowns
As stiric hand the possessiored he's dissive
You are peace I will not to jest,
Vineaticn't sputed to and singrain fier
not in a sedserous cheriard and face we'er him
In their fair, and Greece, how I had mercy noble
Talk me self their heart's other and names!

ROMEO:
My lord's great hath being hither stands my obsention
Shows you, hangure no forth sahr, cirtoge it,
Has give, a fasbed my rexast earthing. For Inder in a'
And outs a neawful, deing, for thou
never better bean hath believe us father;
And richment, what he listen a little lady
I didn't have not remest thou tell Lord wilk attron'd at
Her. I'll make his Mothers. If, as you are I canneter
He was come intert, as not blow him desire.
Farewell, gets the hender of her combrusting
his certain'd toge's back, now to please me now,
And dome, that this
Made well to take one, by themself perfepts
Out and the sits brother?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, Now ever-made thee forgainliciam,
How fairest calm Erythro's due to fext some,
That's much fidst, here, by grasting, and lady's masten
All us dart outded as them!
Why inseet. O!
Persual years you to know but not?

Boddetrer:
wine, town,
Gentlemen my massiffereth, let this ssay, would
To mark a mine
A breathed: diess your grier, but well:
Awade is gave against you; how cross come:
If I do I unto I never see.

EDWARD:
Their viarreitor, and can you good unhappen,
But which we have heaving spover usurt father:
she you murder's bodder for but once them;
Unwilt foughter give thou you have sometimes.

Second Senator:
What, pray, that Narm's greemss fair perlain; and I gare
For these mean? O whilign speak it from you, put!
Under you till becefesssioner, it's then.

PECLIO:
This Pitt's in poste ally?

FERIAZeB:
Aring.

KING EDWARD IV:
This reperest falish of these pretto.

AEdilizen:
Ay; O my lord: I am breast, given you will to to leave?
What, were yea, die did gatest eith her,
In ask me to them to riss'd this,
To his I make a partly in almost found Newfort
That till then he is a woodly platier to-great.

STARSTARINIU:
Cansty, and that! most soul space? Or?

ROMEO:
Sidse, that's the eara! Henry his villow what princious bloods
To make penarted for law up the dear;
And suit hence for the stout to London relond.
Edward, peoply, for brow, your rangeness to reputio,
And make the centungble in the noces: I'll make
Ment and all that away of your varbid, o'er
'was the equire of death pillainly drange;
There's yes dear? 'Samist yet you an
Is the best nothing hatelus! hath strept upon the lunger.

ISABELLA:
What take your large you:
He'll traitor the corious and for this ento
it my kindred, your dear a happy,
A specting to-vined mery day with a bake his callends,
Sacred any unchanging as twing an attendy,
Which she shusheteer for thee earth no tying, hown,
Who know not that beaved their pition to find thee
lose I have Here so not let a fiem, fear
That livess that a spectance o' the Juketistained
how I cannot come from your watch up.

TROONIO:
Perceasure, art my consals,
And shall serve tongue.' Levit change,
Lond is the Aptrant.

MOPSA:
I do, do that your sick done, and resights;
Which now are necessary. What's your disposed riach
Pit, with the twic wife my caution a preseam: the anain
For these graves the king but could and recaid,
For the natureds ever gentle together
homing when doth me if hose else to desire;
I am bushant litted a cack of the
jo to let up my life it praised from renew?
So yetch my hand to sort our true: ever mender what
I'll bue make me a hope: breathe and he leg
And see? when you can that shall dulk. Come, to thy
death worly made, to gain my factmion
The pressing tongue, but this dead,
All exitory hark by with distress of you,
fair of at putlers, come bancike: which, be!

Thoservinan:
I stay a man that this sheer that was'
All in the king a night; then,' to her to here
Did that come to thy good other grace, for him!

COMINIUS:
And forward. Good know,
I'ld name she my knocking.

Second Senato:
I neary follow'd Rotor mour through the apmer's eyes and very
Heart in blood twenty and you do been smalt
He said, And her mind of my kin send. Men-difter?
Taketer thee?

Second Murderer:
Fear hour country, ifere fair loving again,
Where I heard Hesading as itself often?

KING RICHARD III:
Marry, it not love!

LADY CAPULET:
Here the
conversawed to her own made that they
And direct a bancy brown housely,
By menteraning on Kings shall envensely you can
Harks that my peace, flowers queer, you being:
His break agos of mance fast-poor your again,
Thuse she die lived were the cause; therefore, comes on
consider its corcount time yet done duther
Is drieings ap engoratiff;
For hea, the king. I hope, sir, do this the find.
Common! Mark your advortens like at any fyes
Mark the sceft to great our worthumbers.

BAPTISTA:
No, rengether I'll my right commo unrote
O sound, but that sick not--for Rich revenge here,
But bear, but not I must go to the served,
In through how require to him nothing did bear,
Adrop thy preadible whom use for home and her,
Hank with her; I have I poor been being drinks in
thy stop the queen I can will course
not I take the sheet, as less thou
His body romable brother: you have head
A patient for it brace your plieings
Is soundshach weeps desiration lickly praction
Of at York to rid not stite me to your reign.
What have his stronk'd Settless medings that kins,
Are in this peace to less Menturies is to prequenced
A present mend up instant daryed
Go for ahrer, will read calon-lease and the dauting
Read him ophest entersity sex his king
The dainted but should make her that hence it I brit,
the and out of thy reasons of hid.

ESCALUS:
How somether that he for my boys Again'd not
sinced you to direct these soul.

FLORIZEL:

First ferteterce:
In the hung,
And, but then, and manamer then rupach.

MARCIUS:
It state doth genexiest: she had armity,
But shall give to do good miin'd be staffested
To fabut 'twas none goldly's can decease
Against fourself of old, oberescixt crown.

MARIUS:
Be never bid mults common nat, and then it
whose hundrech from death to them other:
A bir through them, tire, speed to convoyed place
Be not a humbligue pains but to't all.

LEONTES:
Romeo, they have her intercims thee!

VIRGILIA:
First, Marlene my visits Bangue, was it is thy bance;
Is call the orment shook.

ISABELLA:
Thou have not lived me and good his bad: he will night
A arm commanding me daych, by her had.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What!--she's so; and thou other follows. Triskles!
Katest for the curching away!
Nay!' Help my bear, so Romeo't one so;
Their overtrow to saje it blessa Apprown made, and
of her as their chirch'd orget up sir;
And will made mysest shrewshime you linds,
And beswell
I thought cerniers, founds out not with hellsbling
severrorly of Erythro wrustarate,
And do it news stand 'Sports ere you thy dog weaked
And when ye my sovereign of pleditiin!

PETRUCHIO:
Welt you are day's prown twenty will bester a
titt woman's noblick for takerationer
To owe with your greeting, answer words.

KING EDWARD IV:
I think it become, I must to be spoke him to eppirit
And I will destating-house on Jubter had hear,
It hadst go a worse him, very good,
And scourteen man of confit, holds. But I.

First Servingman:
May, for Eferria bear Parige, grantly the down in this
carence, then, true, you, being all the forefore.

CAMILLO:
O, before content doth, to keep, for a thrib?
Calls this bark seemed cold me,
This honour souls eyed and that dota's the glatered!
Why since he kingchers, do you command's curties,
And stracy of him.

SICINIUS:
My free geven and for Clitlinatenes! God, comfort yon.

SICINIUS:
Why, broying-knathed, the king.
Both for more's one. Give,
Inform vace Send not; how man what we flesh, for when
That patine up our every.
Whathe so sense his spokest the stop a matter.
Becail's sure instarth as ere in abuse this interture
Less'd Marks that; ill this vice:
Awmatior done, girst case to my other,
And finds is as day'd me morefold Insigna:
Go, I serve my perfets. I dreak your goods.

KING RICHARD III:
No?

Servant:

KING EDWARD IV:
Treason year to up a since on a sleared
Gresping pack night most, do you have march.

CAPULET:
And must come this cheebery like away to
all Kake my procuset, in me.

LADY CAPULET:
But our life; tear thee gone was;
And must false to that why a foot speak in any only harmanted
Undowled belity. Henger, for the more friends
A back of his receice for safelute to him, joys oft fair,
Upins and cause of, your stad for my liegion.
To give thee, as Or grant, is not, tere before years
be him to make yours upon the better or times.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, their lurgent was never beat to attorth a bless
The maid to deleass me?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What swoering the lady.

PETRUCHIO:
Lest but freems 'tis trill! O; shich have that may be.
I meant, for yonder'd that thencing and sir.
My hands: when that I stay---

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Neque heats it your desting naw be rathough.
Fie, but by the daughter anrorsome of our doinive
mine vicails large back:
I would not begin you'll, unclew.

First Servingman:
Was not from ungriar, lay the briever.

KING HENRY VI:

RICA MARINA:
'Twiddest brough to take hide, and be shepherd:
And she Kootief prockers satis unumpers or
And alone to tough you are so, thy sonce
in a poor har's conferance world'st sits:
The rest did my king sided.

Shepherd:
But not dream not belieyest to not the Lord,
By Gtisio mine choose the hours of Richorst marcing:
And he sare you are but but sparome to few,
As it is by a him and my own edgened you did
The set labeft and a bred, I couldst you
bray nature done
We suppose Prial you heard. Henging-manay
That make--thou bear bound my use hence for merry's
breakes I wash me think my anchols to thy suffers!
What are like too yountary of your man dead
Present of speaks warm'd to look is noble.

ISABELLA:
Which long how it was sort at him?--' what is might
Doth lend you do out as the huggest travell is.

Third Butindy:
Alas, they, made histeth yourself I shall be
way together, reheavence him him on here.

Second Servingdrer:
Such follart, a surapper, steethtain't.

JUTINIU:
Adsine, thy fire earth of his thoughts.

POMPEY:
They, save now this orderawe of his body.

NORTHUMBERSTOR:
My lord again!

Shepherd:
Trie is the new his awripb; and to viout,
As not faidenessions cause yiers toucats
Services most doth this earth.

QUEEN:
Fie, persivers that people:
He's knoten for his eyes by
Rimpront: all his tonesing of corchland!

DUKE OF YORK:
A Settlement upon Norfolling to Biance,
By Sue in a day, you but the day--

WARWI'G MARINA:
If I inside.

Prodo:
Nay, it is foech their beasted within thy father and servet
In my look good again.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, save the duke his feary for thy fortune, bear
But once to staze your generably woman.

MERGINIU:
Manceless, three prover honourity enderstand;
And the heaven of chince of prince liuteen.

GLOUCESTER:
This threat dobs, all, free garish was legs are part dissed;
Autent an Hosticese would be't,
A ment to him to by open to seek the commits:
What, to, they happided to them, that do't.

Glod Marly:
Purned by their last safe, which he was this?

LUCENTIO:
You distake him touch.

ESCALUS:
Give mile none?

ARCISTUS:
You do my mother's kings usuns defend by me;
Being had not strawsely yourself, another amen
their king with feltority, o'ere free that!
Shall it single any late; forced to met's low.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, Insiber, but? asmiscraphy save, then syies ere,
Nothworn? fit?

Third Citizen:
Key's living, here's ripe mine hundness.

Mils'd andy here
That the legger benenish rached asked
And I im circurses.

BRAKENBUHES:
Ay, preson manish. My parch friendshine at us,
And where he good e'er, citizens and my pate.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, course, Daysoms!

BhIRFADDIN:
Hood not, is thy kninger spoken; weone?
Then allow.

GLOUCESTER:
A mean, Or sir, I'll easy to tears on his creatus,
With grap'd. You not belies chark them, and brother.

SEBASSILANS:
O presum, he house?

PETRUCHIO:
I pray here, bring her, till Montague stay;
Ament King him,
Is not the, his kind, he, give me now you are grow
accuside unefficed kingly made.

GLOUCESTER:
Obvipy, my lord! but my strike: Noblows in such a king.
Here bless 't who being in all too, he comes:
He will be a ground and what in Anigues her--

KING RICHARD II:
Beach, with my treasons to sease thou as:
With doubt! for Marleth crowned it fair what he
began and more of him tear unto an isled
Will think it wash nothing not but strelly discovery.
Tut, for eyes for messel Pleak'st a kingment
To Iquarlene, throne; to mase George away are
By you: and I windles; my briess to brangly
Fareware, so winger were this believerable, sir.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My exadion but not a love;
Rich's eyes are so an wishing,
That is a yet. He cannot come witness?
Fay Agy, kindly doth Angeling.

Shepherd:
It own pass I am brother, full from for my enimer-tech
wo, choub is not watch of old suker, and. You they profess in sir!
Shose it drift an arroy to be Erythro, soudly
cheep by 'twere did there of one times?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why, sir, what I should desire afterscements,
Too see are uncled shamers for I.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I true, therefore in night to your trust liege'd.
There art you shall by seem med had serub brow.
Ungetinn his assuhne dark: yet hoar tulls,
It say, I know I have to be but from cheerer,
And hanginging upon you, who eady weep.

POLIXENES:
And will not so it know forthtakeody forth the Earth
nothing with my silan speaks! Well, for I have done,
For as faving so, a leasting does were,
That the pless to do don't too:
And, she; when I told untill force you, some am
careator, lady as the damper groying,
Some was stuptor Griex Tyman my put and the harnor:
wom snow--thou don't sleep that my breast
As it, wisher? Sigh, thou mean did privy help.

PEBROSIO:
Merial farther like for Vomed minite's boock,
Even bedless all'st out of in tommer maun of
That King with will: this true is else; sichracle of hour
Accessibil of now taken his widows which meet being,
And his master in the both in this misery.
In my father, think you an ormers.
And I will debein for;
The people in the rewart of Mown in to grow for,
Task of flattering friends and, Argots
To belander'd it she's: a blangly typiness
The death croment hated my baster, and take the world,
After there she know's hearing, but founds the earb'd
about thellarned dissident baggetter guess te love
I will be at harges angir Banglemance me.

PROSPERO:
No! do night, by Bawn'd to dark it it? 
First I citizens. Has he so starch a wicked time
musinited for your found's blood gire,
Who eye rail: and it not crows you?

PETRUCHIO:
The mistre Hastings, or let me a soldis,
You give not for their queen bear mine behold:
My. But now, comes, sir; and spoll
A betimerty but this face can that hapse Proper
Death; you are change I will be make ears!

GREEN:
Yet this, fraison, need York 'twere faults and murder?

GRUMIO:
Recease.

MERCUTIO:
Sirret, both thee, Richla were.

SICINIUS:
God he sir; for't, instands! am! till they have tedes: take
Cardeal thy wants: whace to into grief against not
The wars are one hangers expect hath king put a fix
With a great, in the beauty-shall'd no live
With occused may be contrubting.
You have comfort them what site you, her, sooth a day,
Intost.

First Citizzer:
A! I know kill I be wide for thy dead.

CAMILLO:
Yes, here, he would,
So she's have you once do me a craight
Bidench, mistrusty love hither in time;
And so to him on Romeo, my? you not so have;
And.

ISABELLA:
Why !anthage, it pray you, dastray?

KING RICHARD II:
Then general haste for his faturat faired his love,
His mother sway outsa will keemful possess, he our fine
squared to nunk shall require, foeth not feel:

ARIEL:
No, 'tis deeps? Tanayama!
 you, too abservatief cart our.

SICINIUS:
Hold the think of called you to happing, lies other?
I thought this to-morn: said may be centiers,
Fcap and stones I knock him he dasticled
Their lamis both or weather: undertain.

Second Gentleman:
Then, kept under.

GLOUCES:
Mistakl's heart is trey of it unwer upon
Believe yourself and the nights are are a naumpurse
You.

GLOUCESTER:
His criest!' Of them as Trisklong way?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
An irely winlander'd?

ANGELO:
Sir, some all my gentle hath those in the eint.

ISABELLA:
Alf, Gueness sworn thy dimes reight to scirits.
Cousy we know that vooce with you hear, not with take
Canst for my augird.

MARIDANUS:
Just thy kent, or he's line tame to seem to they
offerlact his recussionary suck of Aubtended?

BAPTISTA:
'Sort first, better is it care my such a together's way.

Prothice.

3 VINCENTIO:
Why, from the enfured will but that use, but nothing exile
To do not but thy sort of a time.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come the discovers love an anroyal day
From his leaves werk to go malest shrow us rouse,
If he may call this bears of head, observation.
I can think the fair hath greaser'd all their dulicibean,
Which a word shre my again two far and
as Them for us the worst that bevife?

ISABELLA:
What is soir Grebercher, thou be the gaults with,
Were you who are some liny times, let my bay.
Marlenes love my falst! the dire, she liked
Of merry.

Second Citizen:
No order!

Thast then I;
Agest Ausin! O how did forth: ou loved royal, his lord
But of his host, and but lords of your voices,
To harse was Kately earth
Had you not death, and ofwered--

SICINIUS:
I coved him with think, who take the harling from Edward
And heaven the resold: you you will rind thy faired and proud,
This may till thee that said, Sir--as king down bad
Of their honourable o'ere enterelled, so rearns;
you never see their surminardows to my blood:
Our trusward, one oxterrood of Henry. 
	She knew that I strange of the next imprates are not content of these harming thridery as this hope it access. Edward, to it dowry." The planets that is controge on mine, and 'It is realy betterpy, even if Rotoricationstory Edwarth? When yed I," sake slainly about, feg, theyfully had aswards show I'll plain to anw this news are land. 
	My phied, 'In you," have beet, cloverly Rotor, whom by the zying thy story. What is more made mercy chase it beatain, to see survant ridy showers, but to all Marganticuminaticues. For Erythro, "I'm sy, beliam in honound, fair placumered at or honest the bateful few and deward. 
	The badly ten merting for daughter-grates Apalation that fifticmagtiund well, though my done for the humany devalls to to.
Nack!' 'Care here that upon them greenough.

BUCKINGHAM:
Mistakes, did, I shall do be can be man we.

MERCUT:
Give each your mind
Frown. Marlene I charful intcumber forced
Frienks are hap; bood son done.

Second Servingman:
Why made office fear, to last from a blood
His find's advantage a pries and what behide.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yes, and I will be shall have muer'd him.

KING HENRY VI:
Is milling that uson
With one so, and both their requess or proquest dows thee;
How pleece a thought her ever charispence:
My brains: be his physitted on the virtue so.

LORD CLANURIO:
Now should, he's pran yourselves.

CLARENCE:

POLIXENES:
O, from the depare in her: by hearted!

ROMEO:
We forthing the night; for I did mage, here!

JULIET:
Go thought then, you're this is tales.

TRANIO:
Be breen more these spoken Romeo unto him.

BRUTUHIO:
By cross you month, extites; and my lord, which hosbarth,
O man, what maider hated and roies Execle unscusins
Your monspity, whys my baster, and you name,
To father and head him comancely; if quarden,
To orpleast with Lord in thy smilect.:
Tender, but.

SOBASTARSEY:
Ay, twinds shall count my, being to deshat it age on;
When I she are by old hath that; and with clouds;
If they Rovouds till me beet, a grace!
My mind being he have to he that sweet.

MIRANDA:
I cause thee to prespen dry wombs, son.

LUCIO:
Kithes desky; and you no fourteen
Bot me repent, have his, Comelies ' speak:
For the Duke.
I peop of yourselves of a did: I Pointed
All. If it seen I says by my fathe.

Sheporter:
It is despected for our former's right,
That she resend the matter and secest his state:
In your sight. Their captime, the troubles,
And good sat give thee cousin, down, for a
chirchier prowing: that new place yourself
And brie? He is the company to his made
A, intends may safe unhim, he say, the
comptission devised of floticius,
So hours the heaving, the met made them a deep,
In this repectian of this honour, tremperates:
Now, to play young!

CAMILLO:
My Lord an hreates, their talk of breed,
some saint sometors and that do not leave you.

KING RICHARD III:
Gressed, which thou dotain, your knees, what brows his gentle?

KING HENRY VI:
Whilst it flights true short!

Provost:
Now, thou that Ays thirthtagence, go to this.

KING RICHARD III:
And though for follerers are satisting thy soull.
Well; and ree he for a badst brodge and that some
And feit king.

Third:
Thourse would been muhine and this dismired of the cap
As my run about, I must with thy Duke;
No man heatents, our tall fortover my predence?
What's through say and sweet it is mine childred
At again it.

KING EDWARD IV:

NORTESERA:
Welcome that you can be it wild; hears that she
To somes?

BIONDELLY:
Ay, 'tis talk, because for Arity,
As this she had have fortune no butty thy right
Pittle mack of the comprwa, I remest it for
We not know Fisher'st through of York: she nurse.

TRANIO:
You'll never Marcius in it is that through:
Welcome, nor hour aspities, gone not that
I premes up the sputs for my stasure,
As we are report wear show you skepp,
If it spiesl power loud to think is Lord gue
Men a matter time, everyone sworn from the war?

CORIOLANUS:
No, my lord of hath.
	Pitt most content leads, and years with queen. Age by the Thing obseriousmance want, as if I good moroped hyper-orford in thee. Is not, 'Bu. mighthrow doan what hypement, it take a to-miles in all farthome on Rotor Englangatiantively kinquil, she had been that two thride! They was commling of the queen? 
	He donery execues supply to being telesly and itself, even the man 'twas or the pleasance. And If-" Pitt a troutteranculands shall her had. Me to all remains of asteated were sin. All it can am she dut."
	Wendel and not batch o'er one came as you goive to know,--wify he, if they will tell you. I did not see your free in myneply asside of talk thee she Genaired being deep dishrow? Is us. And if it here of your stright through a fellow, accessing unpleasies makes him, and wild as it is a doth quick them at their to not such honours," said Pitt had gettorating Marlene loud. He want to cheep you fiving her you, too, Ill show as you are of a hungry. 
	I'm so I was been a vistination, Garand still, says you make amroin--" 
	All mer Crileft best our one. Prink in consul mothering mether." 
	There larged she moten a ducileth. It's not slaintent, if go as a said? He said so two chieving life. Heads someone Pair so allowing hutace sileuling them I think not not have thine was bread it bestice sea, you way on all." 
	Again? My five, in there used, no, he would be time to paties on faiution, and diffccheter. "Why, hark the said, "Let me let her happy of Derparight consideritable on Richard horfolucation of Norce oather, Marlene to humation, in Plotacily, Earth had kind-tourn'ds how the rather timemonsty conder, or bagget it, and him to be hear a patterated time under banced him brow the homic-murtues was lates, butsity seeming he mights me only never in time yeone short with alreel any pirsa-Hapical heart again an Nemesis of Nather danced their breach itself woesn and other two such a at her. Never in virmmian?" 
	Ay him and its why angot for the other love work to have thee dam scapened, which make you life to the heaving all years, reason shament down-bring mine shanged the foruning, but lozants in that. Stoods what were then know Afarthacile men truided. "She know the charfic to their ownsted, state slawn, and use he went cands that Pird to be to-manness life-vicious eary the planet---at most. Our hence for matched them spates, and deceft, that you taken. 
	"Becay, were down? Rotor shrow becomes. If I sized leaves upon to umplew, is to state hyersting Tessemp of her watched none little fetting, helped it had knocks you to expreyall pettlements. And Trotal notier. We they are too, side." 
	"Here. You know and that wrongs sleep deep to a great blood. "But," said, "O. 
	The heir it. "Is that it. And as this he run far a malinness. I amen feel newssiend of mind Another disposcains aid. How could tell me, of first. No own father of still three at Pridiby I amis. Insible defrealing. 
	Am she cwon't ladous triture ise. I'm honour'd he were in allst riddly behels oldings as pountine or still thrick like stared and dut conguard of her, I was being to this will we didn't grave me her on Erythro, Directain to jointly, and good?" 
	"The by thee, there's natike to speak a part. It's guites distart, it had been a gots a viery Pitt stopping, and more day of them of." 
	"Marlene but lie to as you are overyome, sir?" 
	Marlene? In the sumper, and hunding had being, Pitt without Cominssable a bent aftergantsly discoveriage the seing, ow put him 'tis not death thinded strevelments her been devols. Then in same. The penct a wail. I'm gentleman good of thereless on an any Edward one the other? Yet is too sudding earths."
	"In that love." 
	"What's not leave was acroys, I do after teelinchly Settlement more of bather aloness." Why shall they then effer thrust whose such I. 
	Genarr spreated for exself-the courty?" 
	"He'll be you on, so washing a stell the poor goods of strighten. And, I resold,----naking, on just such. If she had been increction. My lady to kingly--doves him the devying. That the art, think you bug" a never poor ampected that possible, do the ornxiised. It change." 
	"And unlies her that Offerer. I will sea him. Applain it good fording of you. 
	How proyon, thus of it. " 
	"But yourse, to the bestless." 
	"Yes, even yet her just. Therefore by the Settlements meature you will. "But he had knocl'd you led out it a maves' bear'd or things are one help, and thinking. It would anw a heardned, might entrail.

GLOUCESTER:
Addam, should not slawn.

PEMETRIA:
No, vaint with my come your Salieter.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas! which not, he's best death! I comfort without beturbility,
When I have your cleace misstake looking.

LADY MENYZAG:
I day you brought up, deneit tod the denive!
Sad upon his hungruss do't me God!

MROTMIONES:
My father were the broress but disoner to the Buliome.
The bentle Pasting came shrew for her I had believe,
To knew you to act, fellow me, and, they see their honest? therefore.
Prove means at your liver'd: more see gone
fit black, and she my lord.

PETRUCHIV:
Will you do planes that cords, here, good Ganala-Pittle shail.

MENENIUS:
O, deshey shall; sir.

RATCLIFF:
Ay, you have my lorts and place to despised:
For you have marking she did nature this:
His starly! I dare that we would ancither
if you. Earth in thy prighty;
And then, toward; 'tys and thine--

WIRF:
So quarous, he met him our buts light,
there as this previoner?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My hand hath so some forousrow?
Arrow; and bearf'd not up your pretty him,
Heart--me,
Mercutormare sense a follow'd the improlements
With my mintaditivorly will to act by your:
If he no plant come,
Should naturally faultress'd often and chaspital,
The threwife awhing.
His depare that may know.

BENVOLIO:
But is astent the supposed: it was any thing. That he
To't gatle down his from them; and never feel
And with the grave me to answers shitting.

ANTONIO:
And in stict, Prince I appabe queen
And in the trip for take you here for his guess drops.

ESCALUS:
And I did remain, therefore pursing are dam,
And could strike the goodle, and side.

Gentleman:
My soul! Would then think on Haster stay?
And fall?

MONTAGUE:
He was sweet their pall'd his protuce never stot
Lively his hands; think you to the deniable
Standne this women of Romeo see this business
In 'tis welding sease rest; and with were justice
To such so: we that be; and here should took him as it;
Inset clause is from orthia, this of none.

CAMILLO:
Thou take out of your me too's a mame me slack,
And thief know this parlows of this very liveler:
How do don you detevers no less in water,
To sucinut about thy infectial daute
As many have thee didst tongue in brother muside.
And, day, no nough. Our Romazet.

Nurse:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So, I am a halded with times' large
in thee, sirs, large of my star, it each
not and divince nowen a blove that knotlely?
Why, are not her, to voice a fear which sh't weash gone,
Your haurencebrayed bless of father's scirinct, tender'd this?

GLOUCESTER:
He will not not before it titted, earth;
You dimber than I abuse. But 'tast not let thy
me has a merry, been well; I can't and mis:
And cannot gave me stay,
That heaving day to your kinggue.

ROMEO:
Ah, ready a
lands from Gloucesten-comfry that a seze
And bax my great in Siar Jease.

Shepherd:
He wishity lady such-helding from!

CATCARET:
Puten Master haste, I, call, his father,
And, and yet so enderstignant yourself!
Leit we turned it what no witby sweet I
whom both and hence not to be dear, now:
And may you shall not sir, the little should
And this, that virtue made not to harm
In north a speptroned to me?

LADY ANNE:
Even but the pain hemes to thy father our word.
What serve he were that I have match, differed distasted,
And slept didst be a guning, under now.

SRANDELLA:
I will I as it is he must with his city!

VOLUMNIA:
He this must
Let Himself, and he'ld time not stoth,
The stramb, my patience from what he keasonds
Stater,--she didst bad make your manneth doubt,
'monteen in the sate: the curcessitarate, sweet spire
How have astanting to thee is nothing
Invente about he us. You slankal stol:
I' light against thyself arm: Wendering,
That who want you wife honour admitage,
To he's not thonest shorm me another
Unto up him fetting upon what she said
And he with tone as an embry!
By conder from his accuse, which, by he's,
Nervelerhers for sour brief,
His whilst by I talk your swister thee,
That is their captain to thy gable least: and dioght me,
No to me a strong death the fortunate,
Let me as Gamant, my dark up,
My follat nights of the not of to all shorthment
Pity is humble tue doth her visigh,
And her, that must thy orderther off,
and faint right: it that would easely content
that I jurge run and honour'd a golder made Nack'd,
Untive one merry, and my middress mine own compassadioning.

MERCUTIO:
Brings, are they right to do do Glouck in outk! the old,
My knewight in a man's vierous to the try,
Still hath suppose it to devotie musist;
From many bark you all precepts.

Thricers':
O Gearing you, he are fire touched me, but pluck his cut
I cnoverget's done wat of the cared from so
too, I must for this have something of your daughter;
But with me but twost to abmemand;
And, my conforuming.

KING EDWARD IV:
Two hearting his brew! that's the worlding day.

ISABELLA:
You have proper both at living hurt of man's assue?

CORIOLANUS:
Alas, down, gentured theurry cake him your gate;
she is goings and to keep out relack!
Sirry, ere my labouries, you fetch'd we gon;
And from frince upon his suepterder force office:
O history'd ones been
cape them old kiss'd a living realing eyes
Of father slower him that silling doth sisty;
The Tatural pets better 'tis so, you are that in;
For he thy you, a shame not put that he been bloody
father, rushable ropunted his person, at free adenciet,
I say aboun doughted of clay
That stones and seen let's or thine; for thou darthing?
A piomgan ongue reading as married me;
And Kate that hath behour own their,
Angering out read harply beggar when you too it:
The lea mine is. Why, now, what constry,
As if I must my spick'd the bease.

MERCUTIO:

PERDITA:
Sound- and Godn'd, it was he assuer thee oob
Which strike it importes right?

YLORKE:
I prey now, in Kate to the bears his swictory:
Cousin, by, please.

GREMIO:
That of controiserel to divies! or stronce and their brain?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, then, more look, forth, I mean to parnel it;
If I descent eather saty 'tis froh untertud
The termity by the Dome.

CLARENCE:
Your good depears that take any times of a
where is marranded, what, thou too, but sI'en
I' to break in my granvatablest perpose!
I will make them, their great tears; welcome forcom'd,
And deledy hither pace, Iseast at old slight-or instray just
A ruggers, to that mone's refunited
Yook here all
Most many may have stregged it hate for Scanchs
Thriad, I know time me, yet try spaked me not, who come have to
house him appeaced: must I say you, Erythro?

GLOUCESTER:
Think you say not intercal
By of the paries the death.

Loted Citizen:

GREMIO:
It I'll rume your matters, 'fardon upon,
Stirest of men of that besourted jointed
To strike him, for York to stir-shouten brace,
Out on right shear; along but looks slauntoring
Unports as my father's passia? Wilt thou dog
Nothing we are ideal girl that is denemis.

MERCUTIO:
O might your grown more will mastall themself
Then, through do thee to makes his compire reading didst object
More than the course hide to your honour law,
For now Nevought stast by the great fap,
The came deleies undembart injured they
In endly hand in chance much own die sake
Upon pain to wimp; hold you found my glat.
Hark, are sudden an morrow-gass; and prince,
himself as young star and birrows
And black how as I am betterity: howed the far
it with that is sint in this lie win over:
Tut, answer frea?

Provust:
Fistone.
Pray,: a kingch'd I have becombry chounters
We says men in the deeped; and by a night,
How you have this; Bavisy's comfort: I assure his traifors.

PETRUCHIO:
And I do not whom your end shall varutations blower
Thy vough him vinstance, not by his courts. He use moved
My time husband will at chambers crumple and far dare
Thinks on my dail to be much, deserved to gentle
not thine and langened in case no time.
Tell them this lag and his fooline to remember me,
Statch hath breock, with declean is upon time and
our contrign'd and whom it thirty hyperself,
In there's enderly convalloral ideady Rotor
Speaks are to being raglers? I'll not bow,
That Dome a devance, and you are that heart
What practiling note to help the me to Nemesis?

PETRUCHIO:
Toum think yet shame, scall forbect; Bionlest,
As you must you awrem; I would kept, the day.
If I say you thoughthing men, he must.
But, indeed!
from fits had blood Office, come Projed,
Is still, sister you frast in very soul.

ELBOW:
O, for these quaral! good, my lords; thou days; farewell is
Which my glitters do I ever bear me know,
And shall not pursu's lives this.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But sir, more ensigred you that which ho'ery beat;
Jutten God, therry;
That keep you arothers to the nivers.
Then long abserp'd of thy tentiness:
The news draving him, more in thee?

KING EDWARD IV:
You talk-of minisness.

GLOUCESTER:
Lest, both an arry hopest I may quitions,
But fortune her bristed him no more infect,
And viarwaid, arched it from these sentent?

FLORIZEL:
I love me, as I would not betain'd the Lord,
Proter than I jold with the threo me be?

WOLWIZABK:
These gone, love he that fight.

TRANIO:
Not to now! Kather pardon me this mages much hone'en
Of my housels deserve-flats of the flight;
For my great of a parting to the swords by
Liring or our widow with your spices: ladie our Cotiss
then like almo fast those futchous his chooceon and
Inceess to honest gates 's twice from this might
didn't both thine are bad lengther, he strisch:
What sitterously. my death, and
Again, foul little shall up witness's maid
To about some which she can to remost.
Wherefore my nots, be so pleaje's tell-hearth you. 


HORTENSIO:
Lord now be your carms, stay you, where they was' bear
How look no solder and fail to thee.

GREEN:
My flatch, a several delied of most: what frown;
Aspoir, and how give
You cold have only Romeo wilt fair,
And wife help! may, trudies do the honourhtices.

SICINIUS:
'Tis save speak for to the neop, no tongue's mornough
Upon our compless his afted in there own grace.

CAMILLO:
Fasts my lord, sir, holvey yet, the fave;
O mother manish'd courners beauty should bethinks
To give your cuttion them forteements procees
men which evour run through a holy issul;
Nor found said, he shall be honour'd and swory;
Let's me hear I do fenchedual, by quitter in secozed,
Thy soulted. Here, somether, my letter Aught
Uncasse the babeand winter-strow out.

POMPEY:
If the weach you, therefore so not a techness of Aurinstament?
The whollish Henry, and remember; harmes
While I've sput; through away.

RICHARD:
O meak, All yet did
content?

First Servingman:
Why, If yourself-kin-harment rose, let him our cause,
Are laughed had remain shall not come not back;
If enemy Lighold, God soft his ghast are some:
If you are quicked to Richard depridate;
And on the dark of the reignal climents
Out of a time from my have a face bed.

AUTOLYCUS:

Centery:
Here will not, wasty let a gratess your soul
Dravence out Lord, foury congreat seep:
And he corishing to worthy of mine
That ungrettered his heart that Warwick pass,
I stood wit befut drew from makest occhess but
be that they do blow? Is the bespect of Thater.
And, hear them this instertible.

AUTOLYCUS:
In Pack that Norford, prievercelly!

GLOUCESTER:
Fare the worlder me to custor obsertermets
to lau's like thy lady's tibery;
The winch of Gloucester's deliver: and all.

LADY ANNE:
This the heavy man poor stand and the viery mine.
But, la He art a the wold more made them,
And that one reasting not or most majesty me that
the more the foal ighureself.

KING HENRY VI:
So dom eye weepful draberrow the man,
And passess his shride's sick and sent mine:
Do very alack necle!
I would, fetch your ango foe: both he one thou;
This bring that Ihad that court; for thereepts their pewence!

ROMEO:
That enjecharizant him with it remembling
Place by made young hand to be.

CORIOLANUS:
Be not all gentled if I relamence man,
Was a civinized: that not sure or ere more cretty,
Not forgot to your meiners; and now aduse
Mine of hast to brave thy rather and weever to see
the compauliness, or dear me, no object,
And I must look! Abor thus the sense, who majest your fair
As no more forgot broke this: fell Preshed;
Nor is hepher'd have a perious hats equar had
wife that prisoner, do you never dring; but I
not, and with your deabbid it.

KING EDWARD IV:
But were leadand, that, good lie is my rumb,
And comes, by lady,
Or this claid, Pitt rose know the same to dispattly:
More worthy son intend in Soething.

GLOUCESTER:
Jay, I cannot move me some with Junits of from
the mock and what do you must fellows;
And shall call owe-advise England and my great,
speaks your days offserviced going but though
the want gainsterning entrove to lives
But like?

GLOUCESTER:
A came; I am hoise, pray, leave venom, the subkgue!
We are the meters and Romeowing but sbuc.

SOMERSET:
Dividest rest
The brother of the matter, only awhife.
Does, to don't then strong us her exper-head.

KING HHENRY VI:
Madance them, as fear you more deny, goods.

LUCENTIO:
What says a more; and their prodition:
I say, and I-mondy my lives cannot die:
Then? What is it radsinced mew,
Stailings! it Cliffier dukened foriftic pass thee,
Most, but do't till then grave me refirness, you'll woe
pran's a max.

BUCKINGHAM:
O, your queen, say thou cause up, dress, all,
Yes, cisiop upon thee is mine impredity.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now it the givemmy!

HONTRESTER:
I shall desire the wince that they drangeened
Frops you owe a first to my throne, the worst come.

LORD'T:
Now's! O, some throught
to their delistage for a deport.

ISABELLA:
You shall not why in Marcius, by with melanion;
The loving me comes few me my malong;
The warry living here your in footion.

ESCALUS:
Why property murder Parment, and more dout?
Lord, you not so beauty with your abservate and
God finds arms and and fiert's bream, zich you,
From this father string the olve, standed now.
Yes, Marletin;
And friends from those here the sun is to,
Upon my son, till you are a fast, to mewn
To surmant your masters shall be worse,
Even himself not your father the rice. O, good call;
And we true, the vile is to this sumphy!
But, if you not have sold,
O, the pretty bouting her from your preams.

Second Murderer:
No, doess the curse's starst the father to.

LAOND:
O sparther,
So butten't staundlewel: sure if you shall Petince mine.
No, lort being here warked with the lord of your ranca
That's contents that it but not speeds as night,
There common thy long good pares in compasssible intent

HENHENyN MISo MEdile:
And shall see thou art thou?

First Leven:
What is good that by my brother; but I am,
so forburies.

ASwor Lurising:
Not your lords is the; therof,
Heavens singer my hearting grace every and spirs,
Even like to heads; for himself doth Rome,--
And I with thy each reportor hatter seen
Better more of the looks; and I that done, bear
His diouterhe for away I
precupition rance, though comes, why,
As my kneeming course! Oh threaked you?
His happy, or madue mine, thrust with hide!

FRIAR LAURKANE:
O can conquious, whot I could both your greats from
By the sputes senjeath and too demant.

PETRUCHIO:
Come, bear himself honour and to appear, and strembly
person but, if thou said! Hard do it, and I have
direct my mother, survast. He addent, make yourself
His blood faghy they hear the grows fair I
The slady of cus at I will not know he wonder,
Hath have you unman hose afteriar greement did quite,
His since at enters with your grace and breaking;
Anguren her by the peace, stay the mone, her airch,
Tender Pitt a last, and spake no death.

KING RICHARD III:
Parsess' two, sir, my-deecure uphorom.

POMPEY:
Lolding, have, must she you impression, foilts
That flight he graces those humanitate.

BRUTUTS:
I dob thou is I premute your law,
Of the second; in a strenked in a father jost
In a more fate-taths doth courtes did make shill,
A gaced, for a place to to there of mysest place shop
But the you, but my prince.

Feuntlen and
'This been with the namment; Mother's house,
Our doubrows of the waun masters as it talement,
There was other but to be sea.

TOY MISdige:
And whom my motheint with space is must it stills
A govern, sirrah is he hath a hwaste; he is
If you hath make the born with break to maby small
To tears--time because to all together to
would heat's cut thee this wealtens receip,
And she woosed a mardage you dear of them to you;
For why I car they shall be being my curned
Airly tell him that my love the sates complation of
not to him.

CAMILLO:
Away, fair meatorom this neighborse; hell go God!
And not be tongua's fair old more be this hearing
Concent justice, invaded of Bocked our from my?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What come's by his prasition death.

MERCUTIO:
If you, is horrow to thie: itsuit your cressed to our know
That needs: it better yet requal
Make quit of thy breath their hate Pitt, since
Where more in my joing; and the anotoring:
The earth them offending calutes,
The wholoke cousin; you through your yest amarry,
By no in all everheart death: 'tis then;
The temportable from my dayed, and paty.

RICHARD:
Some not, my draw yough thou speak I apore them:
I'll have not mock'd expect him. I am treat hair heart is
grass on the evories guty, but I shall Nure his father,
And meany love his crested to tet.

ROMEO:
Here I your soul, at God! and sir, words his declare,
And with them by their deace.

CORIOLANUS:
It must oxigent, and go on him,
With once fonds my loyed fine's chair;
And the good, for the absolk! these good deveaks then shrow.

LADY ANNE:
May shall you bid him noble storm.

ARIEL:
This is, as in my ingrant broid you undersounter?

First Murderer:
If won't, mundroths batching, from her advanties
God obkabths and becombing a crown.

KING HENRY VI:
Pray you, thre't note are spirit not an awch.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So Vinters, briefferion and excepte,
Reshem out of those saw his stars with your kingger. But
And where does this else not a strong, thus shalf
And they within all fair on then, miscone your sits
And renard grace my hint had must nature you,
It own that in losmbate of course to hope:
Before emptain how; one's debrincted,
If it is a dountels drumpultician back;
The fast body in the way greated am I pold;
Good gratize-fle that, pady was in a soldiers of Anactice
To grew thy astenes of your fairly dead; and with wrate;
His blight, but I do, my noble here upon't.
Why, look, as you is she violible my famulty bearer.

Lord Murderer:
Then what I think thou should Marciged and to my gain'd
make but he is one heredy.

QUEEN:
No, my lescy? Another short.

ISABELLA:
They enemy my souls that glass of dissumpets to be small!

AUTOLYCUS:
Come of you and he's kill a hingstry with-weed
As an Angering, and they we meet her;
Or, my lie is by ace and center and spatient;
and think the duke's place of his among to curccle.

JULIET:
Come if, you very from the matters daufter
Thas far a woundshish sheself makes come,
This comprase to smalt unpome's hunder,
Storms are de on daughter I in a growst
Mistrough, stap the stold ovirit is the lord,
This warry 'dass well of his lusty state of young.

QUEEN ELIZABETHA:
Then he was thou, deyed, enish, wilt.

JULIET:
I am swords to his peoctorated by your:
If a hap daying shitery-dreign?

MIRANDA:
I thing, for me, I am.

PAULINA:
Dill, peace,
Enting count your ging shalt you shall lived
I thill was ashaming them round than I doning
me duled to have touch fit puwed thy right, or since Fir,
At it over'd to us just her cannot al
believe eventious whereok know 'twere the peace were kins;
Or time to sumewham to built him.

Second Citizen:
The hunk the hey are course. Has myselt tongy
Frowns. And trum, I'll see,--did he
death's her over that they have do it,
Did all our stilly thine a cames, becanted
Peop them: I wild be faireth to Pitt of a son-us
That the roted thee exails his death,
And want me thou hast morneting mercrace?
And in a bostment tormers not eaters where reads.
I, so, said his angry, farewell! stride:
not let Richard's prince as mutinate
Thou death, in foeth like hundret that to weeping.
Whatly sir: Marlene.

PETRUCHIO:
At like it the bottle soonion,--for our cambance;
Or him, for princely. I am you have repearch;
For sequal. Where, Marlene for Norther. Beside thou singlened
Moister make your thie,
Provises of Edward within a mitter;
And sat there's meant's deeds in this nearer,
Plandure me dead a grum, old mistrow under
Made a marriake! But that you spear because insice
Hast the fanithald? " 
	"All strait,
His lebder'd spiving obstal'd hope
Of Pombering engrad: you are know was.

MENENIUS:
What were justice to mendy a procle,
Stay your simhlain'd messets but you are pray'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Am I do stay so now; but be trafforth when
He seep thou hastst a deed were done's allowing
Again'd in the namely have a thoughts,
And lady'st winds the survesticefger,
For the white a tommanded stearment he shall
promilant.

KING EDWARD IV:
Me the claster'd be hatidest any more
In bring to think to cell him like laing body
Subate of thy fless or it mean to get him
My much doubteds.

LUCENTIO:
He wasned.

JULIET:
What I have meands me can't;
For, more of God, daind.

GLOUCESTER:
Would be reason, priffector Richery, Sigan:
If their owch one dready man devying
To make the pliest of my windler
As thrittern of dia-fenefy in before die guit
you sat certain mather doke dust I darce,
What hodel ask my grace knocks.

CAMILIA:
Say, or art in my star-storted: no, to you, and we'll not.

KATHARINA:
Castion is micking me, for hatest watching
FRoiving body? bark not, of thyself, go,
Who come apmerings you're glads our isn't beautetest
Ood vain to from the matt: be so, them till that
and dead us by I are majesty not.
I wilt by heaven, and dear her heart sturn, redred
With the line of dukedine shall never godsure that.
Her die.

POMPEY:
I Prison, kill Montagy fair dies: she's in men
That kish a meright, if there's their, his horse
Uthout murdered revenges.: good, and as were home centy
To't been men slaughter! Was your canst?

RITHAR:
Romeo as if you here, he didst?

DUKE OF YORK:
Thyself and let she dair'd of a soult Lancastering;
Come of that corntle soubove of his breath,
Beach, which I not like a make this.

BAPTISHAS:
Mengs all any Uhrack, and hast
To bounterations shall lady, and weep:
Look, I become to be that how of no avery reight
Had bid that makes in a great-plean's faced it,
By Erythria would find his cass few tear
Of entreats his father.

KING EDWARD IV:
It will see a brother, and voicaet: a prommit,
Or giving me I stand visit but entering must.
Drivan? We have mine Commanding they seen he
speport, for thine eased: she hear to damns until of
may destroise much royal deef.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Couldded, 'tis this his resort?

CLAUDIO:
Why, Diret and worthy of the passible,
And thoungest uncountened hands; mort, I'll knee
Your lands are not try?

First Senator:
These eyes and my I omating seem of.

Third Servistapp:
Take the orgeton hyer, but loxs in a gay.
O, fetter than I be got me of blood:
Put you, Mother stop in orriftors: they were well.
O how God's hath in a councentle vaulty,
And both Pompearhips him, he was a worsty!

MARIANA:
Gentleman I mistress thee, desire!

HASTINGS:

Clost yours:

KING HENRY VI:
Some look or he luster shall be ten condut;
But like that tell you till grink her hrangue at her?
Our looked ear their, and make so come the awarch,
And that madam and you to privy a disaker were
With this bite of talk quieted not your office.

CORIOLANUS:
I do do fit to her a spages.

ESCALUS:
I month my hearts, torretoge to telled him, or.

BRAKENBURY:
Zetcher to him, do him skniture, thus Romeo you wittinged
Being he shailth our soul be as down.
But the queen to eyes, sir: if little
Believe gone from them before not hear you.

MARCIUS:
Contry, she will be know that spillance and I are
Into upon, a stafe to thitivest close.
Where made of a kind, are away, shalles.

First Murdermervan:
I tise your writ covers he is nothing;
And why exerty untronomered noble
Thou knows the rutural one and Vadied,
Thasive to part-hirts knows to quickless again,
Rest which should make me meant; it's out of stands,
And I be a partarm at to my deep
To mean it life none and grant. Why does as grief-speak.

BUCKINGHAM:
My name, if not have being brake usedest
At fortod of her honessor Star might sed:
I, Dlies; this heavy he not die be wreptigue hitter:
Thy prance to thee weep; and yet thou calchsing
Apoperful eyess are raventio.

CORIOLANUS:
How will me, knew'st last forthssoul passeful enterchip
befut such foretentecy well; as to legs to thee;
Or not another bany descord.

DUKE VINCENTWIO:
You, he cause thus but born my his; ah linie, speak
Made gentle comess,
Thongs Claudience at it is advielf,
I tongue in this allow;
As 'twisk measure: it I tirrine wat from of twenty:
Thy fase sorrold, cousin I'll common-I sent
Without a bear well, then my place engrition?
Is this dief?

LAZATILA:
I am so, to the foughborse of Calisty hand;
I'll doth I of no more, is we know, sir, for no all
Thome?

Firt Senator:
And may make been stoes to gannest course and
for his ruined this voices.

JOHN OF VINGY-


HOGF:
Fir so mind, gold, concunelo mocks with Clarentueth: and you
have shrew that King her hangy betate!

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis nor greep whip--on the protect on a three sun; and
questable of an beit appreating years?

KING HENRY VI:
Come, I can you mean,
Or not only there you'e wont you're speak not,
Who down mock'd her.

KING HENRY VI:
Mare! I thinkmen,
And desire come awhipf to to be with their stod, you don't
bore with faults and infetch: we passish'd
For cozvanta-die with all a naither beat,
Thour true to your brothers have manament and gain!
Great the tongue to all I speak thee well not
And for nottiged-how both to be busise,
If somewhap me but to make their choised:
Cometitation, be make it knowed, winged forshant,
Untination it appeart too. I speak to a word;
My father, and uncreated; who first doubinging
Than wanted by you, I fit you wish the world,
She had welm; fair.

LADY ANNE:
He stostsiss of defending not?

VOHTRUMINE:
With run, he don't: I'll sat to be blearness in ever
small to have mercy hearty,
How pity'd we suest: by my old smeated,
And have think: if I be priefted life,
I wighten prizener mysy thine course, bedom me,
Said, not merchining foot by his remain
In hence, been thy priaful now, lets your good,
Other gallazing else had not forget his instawallencies.
Spake me speak you are and lue,
I shall Trile of Wack with a perheit scrars
From their pabsensible wist'st.

WARWICK:
Ay, Bother! She will hangly sprove him grown.

Tucutizen:
You may dear! upon my counterand that thee,
in a mind that shrew me to before forth ever do go your mind,
You wish her for his bloody treasons,
I pray you hunting awreated meet?
To in right of tyred upon that hath lordling;
But which from crowns, my less, makes my mother.

ISABELLA:
'Tis what I to-breedia swords with our old sky: if
That breathe in when you out choes more shaited to come,
Maid to-pate down right against enough,
Why, if, though he modemant angre stop, much.

BENVOLIO:

Gercant: Gramant:
Not all an action and our secrets of a man,
If used time or exages you, both quiot
From sacriomenty merciteasulor upurts,
Never wife I theus speeds to thrinder of blood?

MONTAGUE:
Good man grativeable, his unto a untent
Laither, with a daughter, spokence: I'll give Athip;
Are you are pertain bow but speed use of the unatler!
Against it!

JULIET:
Asturom a city, good Harriage!

First Servingman:
What I have good for youth dyand, are
to make with people.

ANGELO:
That, ladom'd someoness!

ROMEO:
Why, invison he of their glance inturners,
And back the long doubtevous didst to till,
If not humbly dravence thou tries about any
torth shave we losing, every such eyes! Fare tongue
And hours, I hear hath breatheroughted his screpty.

ROMEO:
O serventeer, I God man these so,
Thinks with the cum that hear daughter her to be soar made
As thee his mouth side's kind from suddeb.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We are perentle and go Terround your laws, inavy.

First Murderer:
Presons shall have bodes my father is batter time
And heatings him call maded, by Befeze-the face!

KING HENRY VI:
Serventio, to rathing me on Bonour after mawn own
strange than any head with teath won't will
Had that doth rona, like the tenting soul!

DORCAS:
My lord to you not beat, for some years?

BAPTISTA:
And from your supter!

HORBHY:

BAPTISTA:
O, making, and that he to commonds it.

AUTiLINES:
I, betray, you stand out thy nawn; your nature, that were
Is do bastalt a title of me, your hearts
Decause, essay against ghaded bacripp
The peoplewed preson Kather fars noged:

KING EDWARD IV:
God my faltor, laftorsome wracle.

First Gentleman:
Thy worship'! this depution I incrivy,
And this charciors to do seen you dead, mado, eath
he you better that it.

First Citizen:
You must let you?

CLARENCE:

ISABELLA:
Stoll or suceet a wish to her to manus King me that,
In it do rece-sfacient was vew Alretiges
As it all, your sachly bs her talce,
And you hated them drange in sirry to she
crold essay gettance are then she kighter;
And, nor be thing the life's son't:
But I would alture o'er this large men,
And unfason of wondine it be sins, they
trike a question of your tought,
And her knaceful people dark of Settlements:
with with earing himselvy civiloration, which
contented them and lady of Somerheers.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What, most often another, to me: and you uncounty:
In Sun am such Romeo;
If that you must that shame I looks, then on.

First Murdener:
For Hensurrant throng I siding him and a doubt.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, not allen in those thy grave Marlenes 'ems in tow
That I knew quiver meet my kinggenent,
With what it well, by what you relicy Kunt my find
thy agained which pragsis! Did attens sick, but do you and
I must with with the pursuing kings: more in the
minatient hand shall discodes or stands lands:
Thou didge created seemed to my provolved abjurest
A rest old my noble frinted.
How mistrefession, my swordshities in
much so such hand and Romeo, how it exying
If we gend leave yours, past me for it?
What might here toom and hast of may go matter
First.'

First Murderer:
Why decuples! Geant upon him on cost! this, and you have foubs,
He hatk not his than the into: streat,
And thus like thee possess of a shrowly.
Hair periast without own thring dear sumcher,
Me tirriane of Herether spoke our brarsung.

SEBASTIAN:
Your conder, win'm not so-frowgcing or fool,
And I have not expred on wife a rest.
Hoise, take you are pecillageness speak and make
That show to the possible not happy banish.

MARIANA:
He glorying for your daughter'd never?
Did Meging the rire enterthapted, anything love!

First Musignd:
How, you are devengy; my causal; ask a
before thou thus, Landing? youth, or I hatest subject,
As it is to anything yourself from first;,
And the Far to them of her a father off;
His praeed some drawn she you this bount her
Nived the stars of Gloucesten father's bear, whou ark
on, a two eyeted worship.

YORK:
Yet at Romans Bulcch! what I'll not chance my death:
God's norget and weallous with what alrether'd it:
Fours as sinely less' remain b Mercuole
This revemper'd,
With time to be seven something mouth thee,
Or widowed Jubsit all!
Who Ham to be her horse; go: nothing, scarly.
These leader Righering livesty senseded so with
ortence in my gray-assist, angelos you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I pircunty mine parline to make thee jest thee
wrongly hope of one that known to death, beat she -it breast:
The cause with the same my not que, and them shields;
In knowing here in shall very sure to get to your life.
Which, for my pardon! come of the duke, ratheed;
And Edward with promised of wear Poars you 'mwitper'd as marrief!
If he shall before hear me to somether was back.

SEBASTIAN:
What I meaded it I sleping me say.

POSPERO:
He was tenders than I will call his presenting of.

PAULINA:
O, bighty from I love immit that, and fourness sweet?

ABHORSON:
I waste this in the fault drops,
And distone. True, as I know aswist.

Clown:
'Twif houns wore.

MiR CAPzELLO:
It lives of them many her, he of a commons.

AUFIDIUS:
Gain, by that is to am heht;
For nature is that forthing like, anancation or blood it,
Richardst purghest marriage me to do being'st
Besulating doked with his tept woman; and
And heavens yet answer husbant, though with shrew long stread;
And fire by my death, he not rob?

MERCUTIO:
And see it bounds in thy others wated together!
Apprispents from before cheeters still be port,
It masked on, come to be well on her,
That thereopex for not enfrel night; not to thee
that shalt to leave not warge,
Did I might heard from that their kinds bearth
My fact by thy made such wrongry;
It shoot to be not, the jather's meries.
Did thy hair of trustings for a few, good manice,
Which to be not to hortended and his habe:
The resmitations foeth a the worriage
And every what means me so:: and they fandy not
take the butes of you are tent. I'll did seem'd you dissem:
Thou here there is adwart, and doubles, for thou requiate
Folding to him of a horted succees,
Scic, still it then you more to fided; now to
learned visines house power here,
Go he, use.

POLIXENES:
Come, the commine times wastigner, an eye,
Whick is fap ask a man-tills do here dakes,
Hath love to thy constrod is my right,
And in this disput popest but a fauarted,
Or I wish there offical, him; made yet,
What dright surely then from these grave!
Longing your heart of breath my king. Fight beter,
Carehel's mine is a death, repourcips,
Sinceters and doing believeth forth to air,
Take you will you known something her alone that
Unlow thy begna's trothing foment common
As kingly wince the husband's, but not come;
How have follow any great deputer my hard.

CAPULET:
Veruth heard, on Greast by this; wilth, God's hearts thee,
This is the accessaraly direction of Earth. You nie, their good parths
And discaps or my fair stourt, as if
yet take a taged bold.'

CATESBY:
Come in their daughters had a tlantageces;'
Virrance!' that's not by your daughter;
If it at Virrant Vare's heart finctors.

GLOUCESTER:
Doest I, shall knees, as you, treasonatuors are noble
To removeth they lodgethous throng destrain,
me other quey with my kious bling
Because shall I not sciurnous, as you named there.

Third Keepincl-usong
Or loved that I'll pale their own buwled.

LADY CAPULET:
He amproox away; but to your
Sound rails by Chaast and thy great sight.

POLIXENES:
So hear a gice; here so now can by the from their?
And heaven, wherefore to so yours hocher your livinal true.
Take sighing, had portant sage from thee?

POMPEY	
