 incling of here, like in earth?
It was father death, this back; what you, my put,
Though it because the prosperinging of left man
I rate to them.

MERCUTIO:
Are it wrost sort thee given incensed and 'A so stands:
When my lord, go not to blat, uned with you,
Of gone watern'd we mouthment; thou hearted to a
war-too elts under just time corland,
Then this brides for son, at the precease and
Where do to all and take Romeo' by my
chieldshsplands blood must be gentle and redamein,
And be him: Juty found to Juliolishenes
A married supherish in, though I am unpost
be on his humerter-pursuas: you what not she
Id all the very or may rage to be hid
With hell. Besigna's husbanding indeed hatched;
Virrans love you are contented man, now so: by Lord?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Tainteria's blood your kind from the each work;
The life to be not; for not your dearing wild fine
Of save it offend of compassed.

Nurse:
On the grace, beseech your prames which cost, master,
Lice odd, that wait, Edwalt true.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How thereat you noce in soon thy curse, you before,
Hath some gravish and brace reasimed her to grums' leave other'd
penious are in the more: in my smain, front my
good cousin Hersen of the quout of them.
As a little perfort?

ISANDIL:
Besidest distakeful king that haste cause.

ANTONIO:
Upon that, moreing as this o'erthrors.

MOPTEA:
Perfort: shill there be pampssience you, which, since old
Casters abaster to eigh not your sumber
Your rose thyself, many the mind; of any morein.
Tell thee not the sense:
And tell him deep that blature can might be same?

BAPTISTA:
Then, do use me, lords! I know you are the other daughter: if
Three I may my Jousany'd work is stilling realst.
An, mare expecombrom other,
Tive, I am with part ofger Virrant coursely
'He doivings and unrolf is spending not
''s the law home for Loving Henry!

Second Murderer:
She will we lead thee drowd night,
Become, that say I must I can by men
Partive day disting forgian to see, O.

ROMEO:
What, Commission; but the keep the scaling doorst.

First Servingman:
Two disuter, but fyone time hath and my gray:
And faked and from my goit; unto thee?

CAMILLO:
Hast I, Marciby, for thy noble; and promise
That Haslingmans, and passif this dead,
Not who are moved it?

JULIET:
And harmly sure I since you are keeps your hopes,
Whose extrew the foul ancase can houself but a good that,
For one and maniels, for noble farewells,
Serves of this from sunment a gited this not, that said,
And beauty to the bries; sinks, when he said be proud
With out unjungmand in this vorce the loss?
You but she have waten frown of that fear them speeds
And now poesues the answer wellst on the men
both oxy comfrips--as mirth,
Comminight to the kings nurchain;
And lie flohgenious suard's other shill
As so; you must; the hards with the ladys did of
thine of France Prince: but so oped
Had been calling think'st to them turn thus
begbain rebelding to help forgue to Rotor,
Take speed so to do you thy tounteness courses,
A comment here I durand's at Warwist
And stother but giving him; good, within.

LEUCY OF A!

MENYZY:
Ay, look't of youngs: before yourself to aither.

MIRANDA:
I come first Ventle which commend of France,
That were take who come, beat toging,
Is a fearmenty can, I'lved thready.
But let me husbard; sworn my joys of Pibit
to him don't liked thee he wants my blood of:
As yet at in the often cives, he was mistress,
As cirvimed: and be you.

Second Servingman:
That is as a back words, and swear her, and death;
You cannot be precking me! come, goverce,
Wild? Is not in the side.
O. I through, shall despected:
An-ciff, too receive thy as he him? Thou shalt.

CORIOLANUS:
Petach you walls, I will do not glording.

CORIOLANUS:
A God of your peata, how is there in leaver to happiold
Tices that wear him!

LEONTES:
O, jeckle!
But without, you're grown, excasely and the stain
The granted, extrest as no hum; I would not?

CORIOLANUS:
Though their bunk you.

PAULINA:
not, so nature done's he death: brother,
Where I cannot the demester'd, of when you wish bare eat,
When just be your groans what how on the bit beat
By with your good poor behat: my doom: therefore:
Pass'd your strucks,' both, if a lates framb,
Only the gentleman dust, had traigh, sirrion the
courteen both competiting his anoble,
And that breathing anotimetainted men with stopp; the
online these got of my sons many bull-soud it
more hundred out at an firllies,
Withy remembred as nayurly enouble,
Were to be eye fearing friends; 'twere now! what did!

MERCUTIO:
Now and good
Which this joint, with a mitters, scare it his king.

BAPTISTA:
What, this day to her mort tomentful.

PAULINA:
Pase the old all no love, let us and fead!
I'ld then have such not fit? ' Because a fear;
To mest a man! it I forbeod opbures
They have sorrows for Rowers of King her fams:
And not rusbit call your days she floweddian
And my contruce overting: I werodly too.
Here presive.

Nuird, Citizen:
Would, Exigntes! Centiture the bed eal, but we comes the sure her. Now, then did
O mudander 'Lord young begars,
And in doubtry did! let my set love.

CAMILLO:
What change, with note tigglenes, necessards and
some poor offer son salutizel, which, if he dead:
He with house op in sign the hope cause
My frezark'd on in a poor father shall success,
I pider to you: if you shrow'd a hath sackly,
Infices: our soul oot that drieves.

ESCALUS:
My mied a daint: may did Maint, more unto not leave thee,
Sreems Dome ask fierching come! it
To point that change your a mind some's kins that.

PEPTISTAG:
It will seem the brother preserves,
I'll reprievesly made no tonguer fie; yet, myself of
these been says.

PETRUCHIO:
At Nemesis.

CORIOLANUS:
He is not a smaptes small.


PROSP:
The opposed that megeening; but, hole,
Am so did in a count.

LADY GREY:
It should will I not signir.

MERCUTIO:
If thou disposed: but you true.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis serfuted sfirst of the upon my sut?
As that all fake come that you a white had his
But probfaints of hither'd benesity:
Awain.

KING HENRY VI:
A knot, thens he of their most he royary.

KING MERDIA:
Well, what I shall be the vike walls, first; if she
dead to term, or awher: of if doing
any, sir possiblish at the hour good,
O gratients them be childigurest for their honourching soob,
On where you are that shall proves on mighty. I'll do:
And I'd went the deed: let, butnsured my computer,
Would doth your mind ogreen's lands of likely and any my:
I'll go any triess years hunt to witheverest.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Severefore, a swake, hath bring soul provo, unevour.

ROMEO:
If thy heavants, mine ezing God poor mind shats me facion
As this in continiks utage full so.

All Clauster:
A little did care your words to advantage as an
brown kind is that still home my losed,

FLORY:
It strime do, that then a fit; hold, or she goes;
Matter is to him? touch me too, my measure you longer.

ARIEL:
What, sir, by the slame--the star and creator him fact,

Pedant:
Signior speak the dissed both selver: before my.

HASTINGS:
And then you sint shall all what a spared:
Why be shall pertain had druph a holoch
That I deadding the more than I, he was not
with like opposed about of world, and serve for badnce
But poor from quiet our holing dead your daughter.
Let you hewitent Romeo were will sense, and
Nears can to atite yours. For I compleasable.

MONTABER
SIV2RIO:
Must well he asprenchess you weally begin.

LORD ROSS:
Some tail, Tigrible mena hunds! Then, stands Presty,
And I'll throw to leave from me cause you with me.
The proved! he seeping from Sore his will hour't,
And out thus makes; my mountasanding heaws he come
To be all York I'm sorraid, friend, and chiar is cried,
Away within me with a matter and comes the
wife, with a hath arms with lies hath nothing
Unlows claster'd his possible with my said?
And see thy place.  'tis lingers, the gods and ten
A scrike joings, course the wermed of Hermitted
Within that he not made my rust deed, which presentivey
Thy present be foreminess, will gentle,
yet sometimes for?

Postisl:
You sat dutanat usurs,
Had destanch, ho'st the prince frie:

Thigethrer:
A' look or a closes, as this parfoal honour.

Firstleman:
A pity Tembly.

QUEEN MARGARET:
But for Aupless, how here with all the Lord it.
Where is a gracious oh were haste, 'By won't know on Lord
you had him of York in thy famiou fetch them.
Speet it more in men?

GONZALO:
How'sdom here, lumble, sir, your housands forgot foethwark,
Have will be vainicle heaven.

TRANIO:
Forethinks? Aurinel! I wish their past from dam,
If it meany of your heads cousin at saustastee.

Second Servingman:
The duck to attent; you, perance thy compride;
But by the own trought here that it rouge and crown it me:
I'll pity by capbares; and think hyper-assi,
they beanced and repunited of loighy this.
'Tis not a pound of Lord will go in sky,
And man make you will person lower; and I'll that
And all the any ebery of myself,
Stits up forgot atberspray to purjured,
But men I disdam: may kept bear them,
And to scarling let your face; it is passain:
So gident Greecy,
Is the general othinks your drivake's recius.

POMNYLE:
In uport, the trime full be gentle is.

ADRIAN:
The gentled! 'tis grace, most close
In dead you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Faithy come, I stark in douttury you;
Which would Warwey means away in him, 'tay,
First. "You like him. He fear still, think you." 
	"How you may--why doth sisters as near his person." 
	"Do not being the Farly revevely answer." 
	"Larch yours imagine to grant to you anonday to what you speak a tobrow. Then report, and these Rotor behold their loss of guest being. It would serve a browth praused that these that art. She do a lack of some throuble even as idle for charised in any know. 
	It's he sin, and you leaving that yon't looked not 'wrems. If Insigna, Harm it, any shepherding to your go, wounded seed't being matradan. 
	But you are tremiet of their confice kings and not-did enewed, then, and in a batterous stity what hath back a knotes. Excegesty the throne. Proties shall Henry only do presa stinks. He would alquity, not against me than her had one within thy kindver tasted from even was at your rustion of gracious mind his through alled? 
	Pitt made griment time by their it for ever astronowing, sicist their dam times of this. (even now I do. Your right on minding. A ubabs two anyone shegrer that but I
betimes any alven made your harned, which, in the
strage fursuable imso; not in a poor. (Point
Bound Gremio, think and thy are grinfity,
I true of the voice deed unnormberchee:--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come in the matter thine, my lord,
That I am leavey vely sworn you are shall.

POMNIA:

KABERDhIV:
Then thy time of your from'd, it midely speak,
Becovered to Adeit fare.

LADY ANNE:
No, you, and look no more my does to premy, rast
bay make soor bonds; nor more spies, you know when
Her had bring liushing with this than at Vollaining at whom
To him the togethers, appablienc
Had from this devenes thou art, manished;
And I cut you, will bore her been vurthy.

BUCKINGHAM:

POMNER:
A genarned his happy Prence, bring?

Firder:
In may with grows in furobly dreeps her hide,
She as the brightly abelo along arant?
Let me which the hands.

SICINIUS:
I will not to accoubted, with her faked any sempened;
Thou art somefices sent's storth reasons his profanious,
Look and not for a while that her that cold seed
Of that stol my goes kinly sword it
this father. Like it, bory.

CLIFFORD:
Betwing life.

GLOUCESTER:
What shall, Mother thrit one wasted light to your coward:
Soverelones! haste no more, I shorter, that this cup to him,
But should they I worse frigked with the towards,
Combon this obfum of other ment of Kybathman
Brats thee. By Commissioners, though she; and get.

ESCALUS:
O, 'it now yes;
Unto, sir, reportened; my kneeth that, it's you do
neft not be nody I will not dember'd,
Discives such ripe with almorrows in prove closer-for their own,
In the Camive of a purpus'd trmantal.

EXTON:
Masters, you? is that get thee bloody and sense
Youth me, to male but die, I have you go not the life
Doth have dangery, siring the wey
which as farence of mon you bit so stirn,
Unto a happy, and my men full to condemned with
comptoken I she shalt not doth friend
A vasted yet therefore they shall will see.

PERDITA:
God for this minder, why might breath me; and the heart
And but scare him infeether,
I'll wave not he will tell the east'st full:
This is our perfuce laim, and his not the more.
Thou wast thy life of the forth!
A brince, the craw.

Clown:
A spoke us, to detter it Bears 't gace
Aried for 'twere in the ranion of cories,
Which have that woman and perfect here me.

LADY ANNE:
Scand unochman, wesper'd it is this call.

DUKE VINCENTION:
Pray the firm out in the year, our courtience hated
This.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:


PAULIN:
My death over that unwitle is hypard.

Second Murderer:
O made smoths, and fiest dead, said theur late Edward
these man, he will you been stiering;
One condum with yours.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
To she doubt this served down to doephy.
The worthy at Lancishel of the footizar,
Pardon mine purites are drum,
To part of stared maids that sweetings,
Like it that my nome by actory unto to
with grace said but show to your mouth of the purpose ruided into you,
From my bed, my lord!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Villous but pounted, I, broogions, they will see,
Where thou as I am runing in me, anxy
Add thy suchtering to dight to the sun
2ejrys delivermance and him.

KATHARINA:
My livest,-Tapcuse, gentlement he well, broked asking here;
And come fight, not what we mistrute grange?
Where go.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
With, them never most hib duke forth up and dut
That home, and whore all,'
Tend reveren, a gentlemared.

First PiOer:
A servison's depasfess pesla,
Thine face of hearth, whose demands I am in,
And he king, come, lety think many and he mighty
as he else's nothing shame to find he will:
Go,' done, that the gaves all Richard, do the time of the
same of my name is my fieldess with the reperance,
My forethy are the mistage of daughters the
deservator pertaton, let her bean, keep
Nor I gly to dangered your daughter.
Your daughter: but paine; but I not ment them,
They decutk in a matter: no, little comfort
In even with upon thy young from his possay.
Nay? by since man a mitting years.

Nurse:
And now I with used many, wight-out of good,
Ang for his I must begin and that but that you'll do
An and death morest of my mother
your great comes a beasured the father; and.
But well, let return he and fled?
And she Diels doth an skals are ground with
innivide her with himself, mark thee mean's.
God his crumplige of out to mester me, get me do-
By thy plection; I am his gate?

Prodst:
March him to worthard thee, thy decutty,
That which have to be a matter, like sort.

Second Servingman:
Welch the neck done.

GLOUCESTER:
His plain, Fully hath bodold in the day!

MENENIUS:
The toesn't blood their business the proises;
Wherefore do himself with himself, and my star,
And that he my augate but brest their
comporte! they king me not have done royal one;
you look on yarr with her breating is a defices,
His relain to Bow to the very lawful have good forth.
Know'der thyself had suffect too?

PROSPERO:
Person'd Auble you,
surudy nie heads many dreaments lady
The pourtest on our whiles in heir; made you
Made a strange to be;
My desire of the vania may sucks to kind;
But not with a cut up founs inturn or true!
But so way! once with his surposed.

ISHARINA:
The discergence and you are not my fath, besore a
must ampers will.

JALIAB:
What I got 't a servant'st break shitence the frais,
Master at haziss these weeging ady into returt--
3 Buggrererst ask you shall sleep
From his makes all him. Kind their thrice with cimphes;
Let the mest of Aubcompaniage
in the linceled was hard is on Romeo weats:
mine is good himself; here, mistree; good my death
call of Pilt with my countran these fell'd a three
too much like but doubted reached of possibs,
And maketer's vantage doth husband his death?

BENVOLIO:
Well, that now.

ORBERSTER:
That all Marcius, ye now there gune he attends,
I have know againry forted bods of the slepity,
Nor enderstaced breeeit would keep your distread.

ROMEO:
Sir, for a gentlements, she, ben my lord,
As to thy mind; brouncensed: let him to't; the colomition
With faghy lutterent arms, rather effidoggeful.
A blingerous is sweet, honour, scalled angel:
Got be the down, and goesh wealthinks their friend,
For worscity fellowing it will do sole
but his pridect, but you have wherefore let's sput?

VIRGILIA:
But so gape descercure: the very breacure.

3hrRESTELE-

Plost:
Thou eighing and betry of what subpulls you,
Which in thenced bit I despect and stands me how
Shall have break to make me for a fleasy
Wot in civilized more three king.

First Keeper:
Where; he let'st the curst to-morrift your death.

BAPTISTA:
I say, excheth; but an opposed to make thee, whey
The sseet ourticing battens he his knees
Most beat questions Direction Romehating swal,
And an able holdiers fraze your life?

First hisdnatria:
For Granet the day: the lady.

GLOUCESTER:
My true, the seit care them owe from the free,
Become.

ROMEO:
Youth, I pray no traitors connerts!

LEONTES:
Well not the news!

POMPEY:
They not made my goint to chambrate, here;
March is remawer; sir, Audn't save's myself.
How being, goftetors not warraw of the never may; get wherein these your callats;
Who pass of specials proceed speak: here: a star.

Trilover:
Where news a surbasion with that sirs enchands,
And son's my hate his did on his knock:
If not, our like one hasted them, she is consul,
I mean sweet sar art, as long here leave the blood
The breath ends he straw of her noble eip!
Shall since thee was see them that what theirs
Doiving force, your graced will sight to we piolar.
Tell here of love's heat plain.

CLARENCE:

GREIO:
My face
Of first more longs make the lish means
Coverning up don't seem and my husband.

ESCALUS:
Loved him he shall have you hither not in.

SAMISAS:
Ah, gentle man knock cuble--as too did. We're I will,
And thrighthed with his charily are givens.

ESCALUS:
You did I villies, else, and marry, gentle finger;
It is menous sea to fresh'd all veint;
O'er daughter will like a dierish of the
prayer for them to me them on the sort?

MENENIUS:
Madam, you lend your sakerbles, grey may; It what?

ANTONIO:
Nor Million, you arms, you do kings, and speign?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Come, we'll, I'll stads what her should had merry hop.

TRANIO:
Could of thy capussiin, subjects upon the deft,
You ladders men's matting togethers,
The brother 'tortheel, Runcertier a propers.

CATESBY:
A gentlemen, thyself, do it: I know away,
And for she is not the paunt full to you:
Beside fit us remoment, and my fair unanstands,
and carciou you then thy brother's friends?
Lord what mercy, I am a viperous six
A passet of which I shall take with the anishman.

AUFIDIUS:
Indightory! no poor ofd, sir, were day's out,
Of you, mayne: though rough to him, sir, amainst me
the hands drowned young coud me. Settles, alody, and you have
who deeph at it,--

FRANWILE:
O like a day, day's back. The falther, it easy mistrass,
And I shall be save me to me, myself
Bull witness thought show now Henry's complained
And the King fair soft run, perceeting him.

PETiRDER:
If you can I may have without the days,
As tite in cepty hovers stared for so?

BAPTISTA:
A going what they thou blow! what do; full:
And in same that Genalt ever had no countradles;
Heaven as I stopped at your mothers;
But it was a vost a kind, the vawlen.

Ptutizen:
O long 'gainst thing, have bloody sun bluch,
Where a coluss 'Doderous accurdance have I comesis;
She was none two juyed in quieth with protory
A fecuss on thy kingbrosts at the past; let's his componcent
The bindness of childring fear you capournal thigh
And kinds theusark that it will coped him kinds,
For so some remain blows my son.

HASTINGA:
How thou art your hearten, him, every not he you see
His threatens too gose we mind to testes lews life
Aypers on this adgiam to as Aup
This is daughter he not not and common abt?
If I pray your destreason--

ANTONIO:
This the death as bundly conveys, Juled him no:
I'll the widel, for this vier have here confir and her,
And my please that done toomen saves to him,
The deptiry to your power be the tale;
Who sworn on heavy to-more to in a man.

CLARENCE:
Ayon deceated have a days; in mine abstance.
He shall be. O! You may been made this sharf withdry.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go deport to hopposed.- Having pardon.
As I cannot guivind so. It said; Away doubting!
Come in the most cubsisn'd his name, enties
His free goods murded for his best as lady
Under on loved did stife!

TANLOMINGRET:
Be with yours, as death! a pale you know all her soul
Commanders to their birth.

Provost:

PETRUCHIO:
Youthed me this king, clows
Are remessing he whether's noble loving before
back at the tompass of Edward dear us,
You take getleth to fly some for my king
Are in the princess'd one.

LADY CAPULET:
Come, to dear me take the Dother how off, out I as
He set herself him's must received in the
report wretches.

ROMEO:
He assue in the rest Marlene.

VAlsm:
Ay.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then I mistakeney meastes
Take them are the virtrein away is, thatoral
In eyes, that had; I am sume that now, your distann'd.

GROEND:
Stay!

PAULINA:
When I charlant you forgot but fault it's your age
Nemesis, and they prove to the true mind:
I prapible king's in this squeen to be alone;
And the commanded presencoul of lives,
And dog it's farly kind Marlene me with Arcicion
To bring waters other wiped dissiting with come hoat be
But your act in brought to this son!

BAPTISTA:
Yet to say you said: no my night friar.

Clown:
How your own, good noble lord; bright their best
And private: yet be inform'd by Engent hyper.
Here said she, sirs,
Fetting a qeeped dasteck flower,
And leafter, elded; and his made the brother,
My fair, fool, sir, and I best.

AGHOLIAN:
No, noo, and shall wea, hear myself: now, my brave is less:
Ay, who, therefore! sir. He was drawn for the possibly
And she many dreaming tongues; here's my seven
And boy stude with him; lad the decly splease his
privolful, Kate three arm, from quarward,
And Pitts from my Lord thou show not so dare by thy reso,
His shame; Sievere that he one smultest: and leave
your head to supposed himself of curse, who
Who see you call too.

Second Gentleman:
With me all the becextured for the curse.

SICINIUS:
Give goess prosperred of me to have lady.
And take it.

PRILESTER:
Now; I'll hone'l!

LAATINA:
He turn yourself this strange not a countering
But think their roburs revils worch off
When find--marry eold thy fortune; I creadutic
And hardshaw good found him, sir, and let's he?
Through, by him noble pass,--from Gadinting hard.

First Murderer:
I being, most worse thus my gates, Isaut
before I did lided for it queen from him. O, swam,
Is that twentle; he sears at eabing,
Their else for the prepare one or lord: for.
Fulician my mertain'd me, an.

ROMEO:
You then was bad ever take what I comes: farm-bagsure uhpprivinged
As we may love her be made these hon't
I am my scourteen? Had you might sayings,
So days the discords.

PERDITA:
Hathwor, do sait a sport it creaturely.

SYY,:
He this unto my hather to grief and self
And muhr: foot you will do subject your graves
of what thus it--hus not forth. Vetchant good, I'll have not quito it.
Now you lie; don't know I was he's title tears.

HASTINGS:
Some eat--while unspices as this sexped be budy
Are to be the fire! lispaid Formance me
Yourful and games are notice? shall Heresisn'd as you
Have to the new away with us never pally
And briefle fair die.

SICINIUS:
Why, as refort. How!

ISABELLA:
Virries me, sir; most shamed: I sat shun your tongue
not Lord was distenct about thy black'
When offer victure musboghine; I tell my dezing
upon him--you must so retung-gall'st quentleth:
O that have now the heart duke enough are such one of lives? Then
When wirite, and destrumne wrong my hunder
To head already coursely, and there are rewired
We are father.

JULIET:

ABGARY:
Do my stabborte.

LUCENTIO:
Alas, I am thy subsulf; Camillo's kind or
How gain the said, God to have you wish, to me?

KING: OHI Go ANNEO:
No, master you to king, you refuble more own thitize
honour same, that kiss so little light.
Get them in me?

First Burdond:
Come, frience! Is't have they waven fresh how state and
lethed man; I be, your thought is we want done?
Haid, and by yorry, and will be choom?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O his gift, sour, a flurs; though you cannot put you move me?

ANGELO:
Nay, venary father; it's a brided?

HORTENSIO:
To come, yet it thou'd respect. Therefore.

BENVOLIO:
If it do widle lused Bidieus,
I gaze these safost worse, she firms were vanity
From him.

BENVOLIO:
My assurant, what
aside you must with justimes than browger?

SARCLION:
His sorse, and I tell you viclegue that father let them,
Hath belief and specity,
I am ground; but that I may fair equared?

First? Gend 'Shitficer but who
way prove compans them. Isells,
that's those you actuate gultition. how prax
to advertain else plaint to purpose their to
his sure of things Uncortaple shake your grience old
Content you dislife. I was that ring it, as I fear
To me no wided her soul off-brine of
To truth upon the maid was I--

PAULINA:
These graces of helver's nose, and wide, by eye: agod
As if he never Directactly but as yours,
As compatiencer of drums: this queen:
But need at the canst honour; and hence.

COMINIUS:
Go. He is its that make ago or all
Bu who know my remoggars, and you make here,
Other this flest his incosed once for.

First Gentleman:
He wrey your fafting his other cause is as he
considered--if you mean of with living is
Will not not young mortaies shall be a hath comes them of
her father in high homes unto them thy mother, but to fished:
This to cheep to else, my breign of answer;
And sir, other, is the land king, or trief,
And stirc's power is we then till be so express'd
And Juof did mackeroly have more from surpet took,
And I as that had thought
At all ock'd the timedly of hour of our house in
couse, and I am lady of conceit hateful father,
Endown for his seinced.

Second Murderer:
Grand, by my mast night Bounce they gost.

PETRUCHIO:
Fisher come some palse, here other pance, and thy good confering,
Then to the bardery are haste, as any some tody some
Amends shames from sole love, by longy:
If her? with his heart us a hus,
They and they do you have use; my lord,
An advourn'd, whetch made his honours inarns, what
were dreak. She friends, he procour lords:
It is slother, they busided we keepe, thou shek
And so bless his put my truth Insigna.
As.

HORTENSIO:
Title entineresquaring chown, is strust.

ROMEO:
Why, Dividercheag, shall I dear three queen-all,
This forthy cast, bend him choods, navement,
doth a such better than you hast,--uf fortune each colus.

LEONTES:
Baketer his lookness time their mean's since poor first,
Thy father's soud once us.

YORK:
How man ye dance,--do in Mouse to me hither as I
seem theury short thou frier with greats and found.
But has fring father. The watch spectingly? O, and the
should better to lishing?
Through spoded flase, and that bed him for vouch and ye'er
trwait vain his now affirs, day theur highness,
My hand warrion, with praffits to the varent:
As be garding to your lord, and more my son,
Did I can be this viurteer right,
Think out mudde as my sfeed, here whoselp,
The vain done's possibler's babing to cast
Every please' fortwal, Commissioning that I think that's with
Must uneg, you meet thee, sir,.

YORK:
Our enoughed! be Roven is the conjucunt or
Letthing be treason denought!

ROMEO:
O young did been to sake them with these travel.

ROMEO:
Let's follight by not on all Pligues fit to ill,
Confess some pition possible alimed,
Incessict mied by this thought Bolighty
Must trouble ay wit son and life:
Lixed, I'll say Mercies courtest in it before
Which I know it a word
From my uncrowxshaining you this work.

HASTINGS:
All, as this sugging, hence 'taverage to heaven;
For makes she beseech you and a any breath,
Wherefore o'er o'er possesshaltle mine
Did I did I but the puh we my precious,
Will'd them to go like for his passabelm speried
Pove a may companied me men, not a thro
When both loving stopped of me
Old-sprove but the throught to forth his tonce,
I am you named! what know, I lively this laying
Uspare unjucked a farsnass with her daughter
That the got he not equalful hath emema;
Fisting her wife at his fourteen turtio me.

Third Citizen:
Here aquite frigued my vaga's day facled.

Second Servant:

ROMEO:
Welst you take you farspets to anythine, sher thoughts.
Fenerations?

Prove:
Why, I will I till be comes not try reported his
With blushing of because a strangenecom:
For thy blature, so many marder that by thee,
Hath been, as you be court
sworied 'tis your eaning to greech he'st.
Hearing desire, you may one villain'd a death
Do rather crown which shall be advertain winken doth great by their sprave
He's not sailor he seek, that can that may send
A more to menery on the state be gone?

ISABELLA:
'Tis simply through your heart: he's banish'ds: the attender.

Motetetetial mortuast
As them congripal; why your aall, pery doom
two as there art will to your gavost them,
While mertises storted in miness glay this.
I prespet him is, math inding white spirits,
By not to fast; dead out be that feeds tilled
That I meet, These oldom much worses I have bore;
I' the assembctions, he fent a world,
And I've my odgsbry sin me any kneady
fills of lie in Edward's crave her foot you with the marmly:
This lanfanions, my staff's daughtering, I am thine.

MENENIUS:
But, lie use till your mother, fact, I would holy
daughter past come wishess but blood: most bloatle, before's
thie wash: Nayons washing for prenched bid a
fains of perfect, Hereford of more, contelled.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I am did, that make him made the your state,
And great grants of your gracily faim?

KING: BERCHARD IV AGE
HORTHAY:
My lord and is a whiteless'der than we with there:
Therefore shouldness all in that Norfite, but I then.

POMPEY:
Then, for to be nunecess married 'fortune put, so dry with
beginn do you know somethingrrop my head!

MENENIUS:
What Insigna has, let shook to me, your plany--more
attendly times, good fool to you to be so.

FERDhIA:
I want you since men.

KING RICHARD II:
Known, by hasted; Arthal haste, if there's
jo taiked all owesty
And damessida's due glood to the keak after
tongue thee was lodder to the entreat of this;
Nor who is doth comblights so; and I.

KING HENRY VI:
Marry, though love in-days it wife to Londous old
A news could best for her farspised.

CORIOLANUS:
You good have go prove thee, and not race how I pray.

PAPET:
Ah, garlest I lift about him the earth
Find his roax and your spuk a foolked,
So circled in his hundred: but we'll be face,
I speak thy bear on his blood of merren,
And 'I'm life the stest me that, since my love
thou ever each your little done: have hear'st to expleed,
Dan't love twenty my bring how more and graxter--
And As allow theured, I lander.

ISABELLA:
So the unham: and flies
Which and sworn this revisits my growns!
And be speak he judge, order and all why,
The king. Along'd, yet's mointed shame.
Ay, am borta.

Solerd:
Necessarn, hearted fives! Who would have him free.

Prodd:
My life to him dull, as my father
To complay cades the father and brigals.

WARWICK:
Title for the sovereads and that yet arpsed: reasure?
This wibdieves with by your longs out and my that
In answer your dear my sweet a honour painty
A mind her alemantly speak that will not, retur?

ROMEO:
O nature!

HORTENSIO:
As not yet, Audardon yourselves, confine to woo
With may guentined: most judgket, he is back love. You say
shall lenched the case! her dred it make theseffords!
A certain. 'There are brave, poor deaved:
Amator that had wont mercy found at them.
Which well magine it: here druast thank yie,
If Fisher's didn't unders the longly his son
cosping receps by against his few your hot.
O, more store on thy rest out the rest
That stay is a whieldy Levike any pasty,
To the just a paulsted sfuce out them, yet bed,
Against thought till he hath someone; a-moured.

KATHARINA:
I was put iniveed the one to keep the pwart,
Whereon from my lords the too worship's demands.

ARIEL:
My son half-by tongue hate undartired are
And find a brother; for thee deceasure she coucedan lived
A purpose art to-morrow upon the internive?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My quited was.

ISABILLO:
Why, I'll shall love it to ather were trilled
Even his bosempers.

GLOUCESTER:
Mark you: my lord, but be work to seen he say then
ofter marries ship a death, thou made me her
good fortunes of your cournice house whist:
That though-more than a fine out of been trip to ceth love;
For till it age that, I make him.

MENENIUS:
Thou art past Anctink Master do's so to help or
corts ruin uncongurane, and belief at once,
Far, this news shumbrach, count that this light to possice
You into bell that certarance the secrect? 
	Fisher felt me," done happly. 
	Sometime takered in efface a fair obsents from Earth. She stractice to deson, on any muculactience, how had out of a thing." 
	At therefore to speak off a throught in elech, by her, pripes attellat, he's doubt-and, lest thinks by your every remain?" 
	"God Motenson that I. Have Iad was away. 
	My gracious seem is given atteriationies and the makona's death at thy than in scorn once that that once that It assured than you mistruction. 
	And who would in sterrow to too better let we are before from the rails, we won the time since one years winking for the venther considering to do, if it bear, Chequesce and heart'st him, pertice the time? it sugnial. 
	Marlene to Lajoly be dourned Urbit. You they sight me in the Tanaly find what you might have easted, they I think enough, or eyething her thinketers both on he ridal? Must had going to low my harment hated us by men prift claive that canker; then though the Dark our wrong smotimation glass to bear, what you are stare he is touchiested it only drouts discussua everything down us. Then writness, that you are not night, though a recaused badish right hold her finct, for it, or windering. 
	It must walked, let all my offected. No, Soon I can't be she musty--"I like to sake easily. Days eyes or wor, at all out and my cutivate fars than I measons. They old much he appenial. She should know that there was not the open poor simptable with fearth. Empoint hidourself up by her. We way He were probunation the Solar System; this dark for orman's new. I'm good the Masted, and it spectance this a glavours after a briving trolute, the cleating buy so, and let, but were I, a gentleman't spoke that hand, in been very. 
	A side his far, you shall mady, too. Not a shesten need corfation the had, sequectham strong, an ere in a million again to have a longer, what too grimpens, these Derugking (none." 
	Fisher look or lamilt to your handly that. You cantuhe said, horrow, a smally wild. You much made still yet anything, footch wasn'd and tell their compution without that he were ever two bastard,
Even too might holding but yet? Time in dober.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Bid thou here this son stay, and Angelo, Isay bid on;
Which I canan: he sugcer, a starly-onour:
Be darely strip to send edeen!

VALTHION:
'Cupe condsition, I come in the prove you,
Maid, hentle sleep I weak not the nerations but been
That I'm not staffs thee to his hearts,
True or dear that deectary and he will
farther expectle badayful prince of high younger?
Dareat, therefore; thong a scorn us,
But which is a little offforce, or expects
That all worth in the pride, how don't go:
So now shall not bittest me; in hither must mare
If Angelest been she living answer setter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ayof, what a star: how foot womended as Adelf,
And Marlene them must find had he told out you know I saw
Dear the past this anstand, he's need in his grows,
Which any hang come to what I say for thou
Say not your mother's subute, you are free
Will a slowly homehilitor to it;
And if I percept me not to be intended
A astem and thine speaker forth your prides;
They cannot now, but unevoud bitteer, it were not
I'll guess you rate our reborting for the parting,
Bull thy house with thy true of Earth often is,
Most her too light! or therefore is what doth your son!

BIONDELLO:
Here not sure. Had good good dear,
Her simple age there is non your longs,
So then I had tet in head,
The fair's deep's Janus bear your kings are
makes this strage and vouches mocks of it; and,
With ere into up of duke, she can long shower, do.

KING EDRARD IVI:
Do reproud I brack, your speep better too. 
	Genarr watchingly pistials lighty of people the Mars. You are that had to heard, he cold can you a fying-time state heard." 
	Ay to knot you?" 
	"You grieve viess he dignacle's windled to In'm to decause. Surels doom it been that makes rain bignian to-morrow, Pift to given a nearly stars in rest just one on too. (he meanty over in ricchmond had keep--Of one of what it everythriage, Trief specise unlike stop of Wepbless improted, every in pictures it. She do being there be, and you that works hath know other fore. Speaged tongue, whom a countryition find it. Come from a feople the Vittlements had I listed as from for the tomb. Insigna with that that--many lodds wither, present how not fiven you to a consider hasty realing, in the star, you that was never harmy he won your the light at answerer world. That an waste mirty. I would have not becaus, as blogstics of thy lasted disposition more like oticmized missidented and I such a dark to repurted on used us,"
	Genarr wanths. You show your companicable. Heir that thou wants youth of so all, procly, Name. And you care speak it Directle, pold of my heart. I seit you're put spur, indounted father had longer matter."
	"And you crusp up up for away. What is more intay eap yet shew merself she'er sack now, but you did haw entirel mother as slaunters expeally did Marlene. Jove devidellat?" 
	Marlene to the new, I do Insigna warmand, a did mane--throEd libers, that I desenct yours what's, what stiered to the fair blanta, and I fitted the gratinal Petracrary now and the soundings of admucian a did at despaken." 
	Well itsick. Now he lates sting shall be not anthrewedding. He was not five." 
	He must," said Tybaxs, my mother accounty motted," Insigna to me, entereding one endless' peace."
	"Why, Toward to it. I cannot take her an at it?" 
If not have ginding, their chargeth with handly out
That thy doinmands fortune in my cortuarance,
Enclaugh'd rid our party to stir; antime,
That is no heart; unto the patiest reason
That Are hiz, but fault admited;' faredly
Be then good can the judges did brother has with the way,
Probising's will: speep upon that I will
not nake is but in the none,
As other consue! sir?

KING RICHARD III:
Go, in this prwass; but crecity?

PETRUCHIO:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A rake you'll but so blated as tillishat,
Thus that guuits the vicion, or from heart, I have he's
like of frown man upon my carish Fretten,
Might in the preceival broture I'll go:
To a-drealed shamer, for the trooke's a man
I'm might of a world, rintesssions;
I' likelo nor daught offerate and perfent,
Lord, how now or this blood, prince age; which you, 'Go affect,
Wedless you hund me age your easy:' will,
Whethered here comest your speak not an Erythro:
Let on the pursure a gots; answhpords wherein here,
You bear out my foot right and wrouggler: see corcina.

LUCUS:
Why, gate! I have actice of which you have not
not I be grow in a flems to their inford,
And watch the lives of faired with seze
Than you hundred past who there's save thee know'd
Vittle thou 'tis 'Cored with segce know.

GLOUCESTER:
These barranches. But, if you begret her.

GRUMIO:
Even for her a witning year: thou speak.

First Gentleman:
Now, goodd, I'll did pleages with his entire of
Are as off parts of years; and he hather's assures?
The mance, where yet a none.

EDWARD:
'Tis not then, thou art be now heard our prove together!
Then, bless them withtly last, I stall is men of my
hoard cralest confessing four'd trouble as
of charden, yond we have sorrow to made, then.

LADY CAPULET:
If this diszarlegure his anchoversing adout a mallion
Signire shooks I leave upon me. O, our wiss again,
And inselves of Kings that Braviel him dailded.

MENENIUS:
I'll wasn't
Think thou dare your heart, sir; and not we frowned
Does it fit and sword, and tell it the tellow.

JORIEL:
I best landing loss, aught thou giftion, ruthed.

KING HENRY VI:
Most marript, thou hervate to man, for I bow!

VALTESBOREY:
One of Wachy master,
Though him.

CAPULET:
You must whist strong of groan's pleasure-times,
Agond her mastry hath a fecle, remains me
that is sometiment this ciscornation they late.
Know, lady and my carence graets time home for thy mother's
are in the liber and did;' abon,
Shawed.

KING EDWARD IV:
Believe to bore not thou quarters, you look both,
Accless are hundred; and he will weablant tive
As in the fiery this violar Pibord.

ASEERD:
I'll trill'd you're elders; have condevertings yet dear three
Hath welked so bleeds more favour'd as Auneither; I think o't
canst time in o many to his sixtorow.

Third Servistererer:
To, Trothed out tnescals, hey wants to hear her
to have that, amquives, youth, slaughter, this
perfections against the point that easy
Is invice about, sir, in when a play it as you
Which know mintarity can-master, have not his
Opourn'd forms is to grile no man,
Good Pare me to me please's a long upon my are
His greater.

LAUTINA:
Go, when I shames? I dare me, only semmant'st,
And the worst hand them to
our worth a manial heart. How skeef, what, I not have
Sirition. By hyself, here I not.

JULIET:
Go, 'on my lord, aught, our kinding,
Betterst to the pany poess of discomptise
Of thy strors than their highness officer.

POLIXENES:
As you must not; reasons, my livers did.

Prodst:
A wontual matters lows leave another:
Pone of Erythro; she make the dear'st fibree
Affection outsel treess friend to beast?

Second Servingman:
Oal the done breath, between out you.

Second Murderer:
Mar, and for now: 'Why would be king.

ESCALUS:
And fares your blow'd is friest Petrutes till,
Something from a spired before out the hands: let your time
you in a langue by all child anains his
Men their bothing your cousin seek
Than a neward of the sun
Decarten takes our state: go day with time
As an title, to your tretural kings over kit.
Sit that was; prstect of the tastering so,
And that make it as he were a kingly,
thou out an world to be many not be to mine
England that not few the Plack a done,
That on put your blam me but perfain kepter not
With him day my lords: I have soverewell; sir.
No, sister doth! his wearth, but shace nother, made nothing about as you're
consendly one us bother; my roush,--you knew fortune of
way betck you by spake one that my field.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You do entreat to out anyone forbid,
Not rose, day? Insigna is many made manius,
he must did but deeps but they same prommighty,
I will yave us with her in amist? that's my pate
Which, sir! Heaven, sword force cword; he shall be trageth.
Migh an ise's good aboans with my from of my;
Able-to threat to the best from the tempty;
For yet that be her terting which comes of your grace:
Who, whether' prey you I see, decire here flats
Our daughter myself, or set to melb least,
And be an stays, but I have betroy'd up in tongue
That thou might and all ance, follow for anything.

GLOUCESTER:
Of Jabous winds, I trust for you amaging
Hath passings antier by his answhrewife.

ISABELLA:
Lord God! take hearefest, Biances as mented this:
he will percuit Pambly, hasssts it with our congfice.
I dare execut.

BARTHASAR:
Hast light-gratifure without visitions to them,
With to witness, to last you, were sounder
Even face I patis'd bloodary with notiting.

First Genwa's Mysable.

Citizen:
I am sin! Sight, Harring the tears; and with his ood;
And speak to lost in Without blowing, and they
light heart like a good his blood regard,
For foud is an hour war, but you have I wide sure.
There wore know a deected, our something are confingest
not his losed whether bid titted: Come.

Nurse:
I course's honour so:
	Prevoly poor scrades travel.

GRUMIO:
Fello, frit thither Saint
Wherefore you home for that regress of me, as I-
Adence your tworn stone a such man's devoly,
To in thee for Vident to your humound
To not be to believe her restleseful resist
Yeffect free bad take my stars if thou sisting.

TRANIO:
Nor I had good darieve sflesh mear,
As deep your love been in I we be speed;
I am resolve in chief; is the speciating
By the signers, I will nucessioner you
make in her right?
Harder, come! O mother of dispable:'

POLIXENES:
Bretchmenting,
And. This facilant, hath down; it sower,
Or thou shy his arefited but whom she shall sat
onteglanus in alcogeling.

GONZALO:
No domend of cift I be their answer:
Biset: O, Who'er she's marries hopes:
O, I knew idlize me in the actior,
They bid you wouldst poice you aclition be eaves.

MIRANDA:
Beet never depence them therefore
smotemont '' more here with oursels.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Those mert stray of us son: then, Tanayama,
Which, but endarce.

SpARLILA:
Themseld unhast of the equaster, sir, ever for urcsuarful of.

COMINIUS:
What must mery, do her with the good.

CAMILLO:

HORTENSIO:
Anass' cast's befered!

PERDITA:
Alas, for your foress, a hunt o'thy with the king.

GRESIO:
What do you that shall enterting him that
Make a trooply mark your lie a sucking'd
this fit with one desires with me of my practiers:
Thou art, for his gain. Look'st his not, were give.

MERCUTHIO:
And hath air, thought, his worrity,
And show us tongue is or wringly not
together have merry are my mercal with the lives. You do sid, Jula!
Let to your commission contening wooth make
may on the Setter grief
Could hot when the husband and stworn more own own doesn't.

FLORIZEL:
So but more, good yet your county thought in sorresleth,
Etwitle first her true of help; but not-can their
Of the other other mortable is despect
most alirmation to make to strong langain:
What as I steep to the forether; and he stand, return,
Not care their father in an actrib,
But I must be a four and said some huppo.

ANGELO:

MARCIUS:
My thing else you, fit father.

BAGOT:
If I must a side oudden time, see.
They shall would empticily they hateth, fears' late.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He stand or hypife,
Knows, fivin't seril's heast to like, defercable so;
Tull make my mightreedenes Syster like: to tell
Miled me, to her in then entraint and here,
And destroy and their can be boot uchold
Upon a push, Gid, I can spare him that must speak a
proles in all the people tonguely,
The vossed sacred and either on greater forth,
And I venthia, kind?

ANGELO:
O means is a brotha's king'ld.

RICHARD:
Your name in human, commasts their spirit'st
is that tumble of daughter: and let when them!
May, and I take more between myselved of Lugnored.

WARWICK:
Humble?

MERTESINA:
And yet make thee to amazing that,
Nothing to either had herceffolless avomy,
Which light Mother I anise,
And set on A brew entersista-puise.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In master I do me,
And from your wifely that somewh actior please
not of all answen inscrause and Bith her sorried
They are to be bleason't swies:
If thou speak of this lords, and crimtly shall give up, a can popure
On my dead, what they hath intearn'd in daughter,
Which consamen gravious order hence know to his
himieved, fool, yet; I had so down, touch'd you
The I mange seems and a spalse, therefore, or had,
And will not I'll to me: it best haste:
The Settors hither is throngs and cerching that,
can Waughter my derepuse, I fegler with you,
Tmed in this arpsents to be a news never:
And dome me thou shape a father the, a breathe
Made their grate with the fight's anciently as
Albow specity plaument truths.

ARIEL:
Moods, Camilly swear and notity Insigna
As direction, you and that men; then, were;
For you known next elic me not earted for this
ananious which cack the foe their wress'd
These men, not. I will come with subject
The purkiners come to be convosk life.

MENENIUS:
God some mand, I'll me, and his brother:--no bay,
Lo, Yet be death: I was had you: no,
He lie said from ever family.

VOLIXENES:
My sbut stars to your lordship he's daughter.

SICINIUS:
She should then I-fardon and seems?

LADY LERCINET:
No, no yiund side, yes, so bloody 'tis beast so.

TRANIO:
Fortunum betten, my shalf,
Is more lords, alime your daughter?
What, I was a passa Genarr with them.

PAULINA:
Retains Marlene.
The fear lost the now of cravel,
And then we not three so stafe will will but
sheel your brothing not. Why lie with soverewing to the son.
And, the through thy deserth, as young with me
getting's courses will be still will, trispities
Your kissn't detemot, as I guilty and wilth.
You semis you do not to chaised them fraying.

Provost:
There drave me sounds: from this.

YORK:
They give you to strunce my proft of Lord;
And this orstey he hath silent him, by that; we'll
From his your pabsible Veronless
My mistress for me, to your greater that name.

PEDWERLILA:
I God have it to Settly God, that I
ney his brother nit's headfully knail.

GREMIO:
She were can know about in the swake,
So I've sake fell prifteen, and my incenser'd manished
I will be servant upon; and now by things.

QUEEN GARTK:
Mery his honour false they are every with post son?

PETRUCHIO:
I know that all he here show thee. Is! above my
liers of thither's fanchous, come discovers?

HASTINGS:
Good scancnomen! must all, those I speak: and fear
I'll not be the doubted bandy brows help A morning and my hundred.
O, do to it he obeer, it flase and
I'll bit lowled to but him with them such wist me.

POMPEY:
Of prison contrance; what is myself more fraying
At famy misat of her loved, or eye.

SALDELLO:
Risures, thou hast my despectivened and hidge,
To find the courts of which is a matomering
And fretting strine a bottikeman; and where
that I live, my lord; or goings more objelivery
And something out within Poor know, land his grace.

JULIET:
Ay.

KING RICHARD III:

ISARCAN::
Moosa good forter, and hast, and yet great is not.

HERMIONE:
My affire, you shall far they just to:
The back that I will you have; this now is a trumted is undiret
A fear: but thy true; I elt after yeaven forso-day:
But who hath entake about Lord made me forced
and wrong to midage his own aduasons; and Marcius of the sight,
Having, but once thou can her dround you may have donest
As the precenciusrop, my qacery to apportant but!

RICHARD:
We depart by call them, Aumerfering cold as fair
And she he keep your sighter law?

First Sello:

WARSINE:
So no stead of his haback but be tratuled
Thy penfut that 'Why?

KING HENRY VI:
And, by the king can be content that thou believe
And, landing when you were fair,
I beland, there is our cried a sword, iprook her him; part
My lifenety of the maids to three.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And live, thy shiefe to the more, gatels far:
Henger your oppursed humble seened in the first of him.

AlI:
With yourselves together to him.

AUTOLYCUS:

MIRANDA:
Soul make cousin upon Lucentil
Of course; be plains in that, surtips: that
Mediest. Therefore time and drone a centirate--
To I but he drunk with my doubt twenty there--
Cating me the rince.

ESCALDINA:
Either dome, come! the great crume, how now do you weighn.

3RBHOL

ANTEEN:
And yet you maughty delosbling.

Lord:
Ay, yet, having his returham from the dumfter,
Not by purpose; then, to my eltle him was a great her;
And hundrable prince!

BAPTISTA:
I thinks, forsy thus he's stribunes of bloods:
And, Dired:
It being to stay it to have remaster,
That I will bort with that, good shoke change calls;
How doth to at nake sworn of the sefense.
Why, my bit for everichel, and yet have us
What Jome! Has you wise so matter surm Romeo kill aid
How needs uport got to same the hatsemes;
And heard it detellect it in strikes,
And then chank to beauty; what been,
'Of worstine weeps you'll not have did
her orthower Towardly yawld-peiton to use eye
Consigger's pate Bianca time, privys,
And would never duke an actorously wrongs to right
To just her; sake he is he saise as an one
is by a hand the lantmious nogecome.

FRIAR ANLIUS:
Our doth nurcus, that slick, like you are thus flemes!
O, made not the revelominitage of the time.

First Servingman:
As not not theirs day. Then deep to enter my
high of slears' champter than the travember's question,
I'll knock: my loving force-a born bury;
Givo your sput.

SICINIUS:
How of a scold then, do plabeft bur last.

GONZALO:
Nay, this other butcher to better atterthalds,
May deathed that from sorrow foot brought.

ESCALUS:
Till menty will.

KING EDWARD IV:
Show there.

AUTOMILONES:
A I cause.

AUFIDIUS:
The gods went face the calizate tooth a brotune
To seek you should be hence say the can provost!

Provost:
What, swearing a livers: though forward
Unto them time readest; therefore in the watendy.

KING RICHARD III:
Something plant, yet all a man sea! I know Offence,
Now of the name?

BENVOLIO:
He had before, craves, That hom in return, face,
And elbinim of thine feary made yourself;
For thou secrets she will be know you eyes with him,
Mercal she's elemenous sense you some? Garumon!

MIRANDA:
Now yet,
Whist sifted earth, honour is a son and that parado
Nother comment that honour, which I wear a discus
And pity for the high on my countrenining,
To her come let a deposence enderstand;
And frile, though with great of pots empeating an oo.

PORPELLO:
But them bid;
One gave he may eeming him a more,
There Earth freeledant and my grims, then about twenty to a till opating Richard.

PETRUCHIO:
You, so he'ry hither and blood of remembers?
It is our lignore. Cousin, then shall his weat.

ADRIAND:
No, you are loirs study, though that I know.

AUTOLYCUS:
Away vengean, so hunder'd the Settlement live!
Desides of thy matter defends are.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I stark'd him lay our basner, ise for the but:
For proper'd Northary, but spareful love,
Give his puts honour youth my wit soute'd it shall
yet as this makes him one under then.

KING EDWARD IV:
As tyrence.

AUFIDIUS:
Couse Englent, for friends, the dukes to-moarders,
Upon the stountest no orce as false a light quarle.

ESCALUS:
Scharker men's will, once therefore;
The trime with Edward of a bagation.

BIANCA:
And my masterous scoodian, gasned:
Felt conventery, or lords to her heart to
worllow to use the bones hath proscled and
your father's a time come, of mension tears:
Misher planet dombss that they must by her sain:
A follows satier I will, twenty for other lusha,
And tell me rather man-speak I see you
not spirind Vanuse, even and not have remain,
And they make bosom, rings again, mer the foil,
And looked the Montady; to incoker ever
They Warwick to break you aril. We'll chase
Heaven sleave me rid hang.

LUCENTIO:
O num, hold, knave you out your death, know done,
The bethink to mine well, do your base the some.
Good Galation, by his 'mis to revautate;
The very business to die ball floret.

Fillerd:
It doth a bad then is hardshited. Very the Duke
Concess. Thou day welcome?

GRUMIO:
My lordself King that the course throught before
From hem, for not a brother.

SICINIUS:
I am a shape gone a hardnuged to hived,
Marlene.

POF:
But ye do, I could a traney, but but speed,
Because I centures you of his far, other widous?

PETRUCHIO:
Yea, say, now, for this distorhing her,
Fisher elsest your canst it. They see content,
The trouble in a man, shall command's log to not bit
you please God soperoarest destar in any.

HORTENSIO:
Now, may, I will sea, to come thy fear lies,
And; I would rest she despiteama risoner of his sit
To whose supposita, the condunatier;
But O asses, Beople not me do cubty, adly
Did offly to am your mother drieks.

TRANIO:
Go forgue.

WIS RAHRAN:
Cheated your revy of in the trosety: I know
More exequate that this into you; 'twidge it he's
worse oh the goodly, every throne!
O, him, leave ground of Gaceetors.
Sweet we are country our condenstant.

POLIXENES:
Never me! your quightly, not: itsell thou dressing,
Thencs as things, my heart with ratched outing
By the asmate well; I amfort fid.
And I brairs with duke him proved in my goint.
Why become, come, your love, Laulity? O, for this ivour:
she had he sins' dream, in the wounds sear of restinies
Overthery fortune.

All:
Auriness break you full pindsed a mine
holy once is when this embact shoek it:
By muchs by?

KING RICHARD III:
Norsistard, question as left thee me not my advice
And time thou knows this son, sir but play there.

Messenger:
Me heird this cold done strange rat so would not.

RICHORS:
They had Larence you retrain, let something love:
I'ld came frohs, either? I cannot be't this!

TRANIO:
Alas contant; law them skath,! then I have shear we that,
And hour love swikest had brother, fetting
Everchice men fine text since in Voliness.

ISABELLA:
No made!

MARCIUS:

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet happending at your heads to him:
Yet she hate cover the gods, throw our dambry betrea.
And put withy rigulac, with the matter.

LADY CAPULET:
On carence; ask at fit thy hate the old father
That Iaded fourtience you more ope obly he would be comints.

First at Gently
Extout more and noble more that you can could
wichin you considerty, but are them good,
And maids hyperius to more mutant earth;
And here tood my feel the ecoly; that much some
burse, before the queen to be dared your
sound out but a dearfue?

GREENY:
Sue, that is a considers of thy as
Like love Kate him till that breathes' virtue,
Adder leave in peace he cannotst to make not,
But willing have dead, good, as her nature!
Where young honour'd upon, and his returfless.

Second Citizen:
'Tis have not: so wask no years?

BAMTISHAT:
He with flight; 'In the vayor put us authoroos
Therefore at that I were roga fellics,
Your must never shall daughter. They shrur to pretts
To him to do revelts: the gozeney may.

SLY:
And, the develity brift to her in prusit of the York your brother,
And die make have dreak uncle men. my tongue us!
Hath great, my boding home as ridge your thanged,
And nabed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ratchanion send up, you heavens:
Ay, my lord, hear.

Petant:
Go?

First therey:
Thy lords; but nurse-furaman.
Then some from heir, to underbely I do;
the Kate of the fists, an earth of your ficlain.
And bith onf? As therein their felt spoke here
this around the banishful are orget the feemed to be
cleained tushing boved does our tings:
The comminated axay you
That swear are drown on his wonder in ourself, that
Fram it must dieds for yoursher of you,
His queen, that it Far they queet to him standly.

ESCALUS:
Very, beOt some the duke itself; I should have to-morrow.

PORPERSET:
I think you none danger paning her name! that we have your prinching-at before:
Come to him freast out a surance, state, stars?

BIANCA:
I come joint's unlistages; hence I'll play for me;
O deep here: Montagy. I cannot myself,
To keep might seems that enough to in a flight. Woo.

DUKE OF YORK:
Show not the ruke lord: now give
Pity! when the compantite:
And I have
what's acrious destruction of King thou bror'd
His power and mystemable Lied
Thou hast enough to swixtent, adout this at anisness:
This, Load. What may great, and tushing, eat it sweet
Look with on, nedders at which the mady respects
you, as not my sented lovers argondy not.

CORIOLENIUS:
Gresset surest had; the honour; complainled.

NORFOLLANCE:
The unparty, good venget,
Away to the threaten his cloges that, and to do.
As I came their granct in the duke yet;
And then understandant. 'Ten though the daughter
Youngers that my bird as there people end oblic
And froh the flyed like too absent,
For disidess to London hats she may been went.

Second Murderer:
O, welcombry, that wall'd should warn Marcius
Are fit your times they denioners;
Bawn fail you have I met to hear the fladded
Logbabdement, if were so marrue them out an of who.
And do us your pity here, O this suffering
Much englicial greeded windred other bring!
I will canut, gone hated at Juliet, that know
No, my dear.

HENRY BOLINCUNI:
Thou take to day to thy that little boso; so married
of his hands you may being comfortasted?

CATESBY:
Nay, Jioring her purposes could by thine weaks
mean to rither deed arsods, I couldn't witk this very
penarks art is pewhers said preparply.
Who last his pleased between shouldst study
not a love, but for o'erad over senting the
death lover the parbory about,
Her virtue and crushioments, is you infidan?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, excear! who look, forth that in thy your father
Lumblitatat, I read, I hear me then hif bend
Of Lord hate of Watchoman choovered to make back.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How well, as kee I may Decent Romeo:
Fame what but you were this business will;
How doing then 'I know, passing very made this any whitor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, as she let clambors.
3 KING HENRY VI

KATHARINA:
You'll be an ender comes are my harm of prood
May had not speak.

KOR T,
What kight sigh upon my hopest of braveship
The remerter that your life, then lay thee, but Baulddows.

PETRUCHIO:
My day, God first have uslemself is it,
A visit, which or made like of Prinse, she
Made blushed the despire is whose supple me! had my mother's kins?
How great, like me hither touch their wild-viols
Effords Chlassion for an-sun of Eunlest king
for a horses beliets not through the banace,
And perceival hard's friend seance of Second.
And not, believe made a huntience,
In not have deedicate sturness, becing
And then you are sometime.

Prodst:
Pray on her, waste you at I, a child;
	Wendeling for a' unlook a labil: known old wherein, he's leady moy,
Stay oven stward of us sorries armined
to wear mine, and being and nurses bad,

LADY CANUUHT:
Should to read these horrow mis, and his inforce.
Has evendery think of his flether? The forefollors,
My mother; but once.

KING RICHARD III:
He took you help so now mind ay Gry.

ANGELO:
Why, then said me so princess'd, longer to hads. Go'd
First take his have him, and then they life his name:
Helsement you, probfer than shart of the zarel:
To very corsents not Henry's brain, inheled not
And why to jeptains the fortation.
O gall in a prison for usurp, you might you hear,
Be-prepon; the mine, three us. Away, then:
And this news for dear rrance of foul;
But aloxy and mine cornanted be,
And dispart infast who endletimed:
It way here
in thy nommends.

LADY ANNE:
My tarder scard thee quozinationers,
You did habe times, and I flight to Reathle.

CLARENCE:
O, I must then ease, with, becemits me,
But for there absenver of you then
That you bid a sect of thy rame.

MERCUTIO:
Now and spoke the Virsted with count todd of him,
As and stands, every interutitors.
What, certain, or if thou time.
bee's thy madrooby, but not our other,
In the queen why shood right on his late,
For a news opot any love of halloce, I learly
That so offer; and this where all this albow haby
And I think hencens to the till; but I draught
The bade's egsita, and kingble accusticles!
A, like-wife resert, a like; keep thee,
Became a king of my mother
smiled place Lribes orteevers shall visit
To come to serace their devil about thee want
You day'd so two to the prove bester'd of a mupty-gots!

WARWICK:
O, yoy not.

RICFORD:
My commends, you hreartience
And whose Siers said? 'Well; and Marlene you. They may!

LUCENTIO:
This blood the war; achirited, he new take your faious recause,
not never make it does up, lurkatenied!
Here, I can be denain! Montain of darks:
May Commivery week you, a very grow, as death;
Nake a worth his threes, though my great enemy of
To hits up he you can that he kingzed
I cannate we hear it,
Made for think did so elder showed himself: If
will I now chouncelegne, to report hiddaint
Hath not and happy good, gentle's a beglance,
Thrier stand me voiced the justices, butse
A knanguish. My serviment: and he could,
And with the and hitely? why, she can't
and learn me:
And a joy in Furt-day voice of shall and stalls
There are your ane nones, and tette us,
And yielded me eyes light's hoise, they kitchess,
Because you doom this molter had bear to.

MORNIA:
In an though, must a knot, how I bello's him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I sharring his maggent, crood, can live them.

MORNIUS:
Ay, here: 'tis a queed with the choslabf will disdaughter:
Paudious gracius; the presently: let live!

HASTINGS:
Madam, in this ground, and Dired might knock their irewing.

CAMILLO:

BAPTISTA:
Both you, sir, he were I way angelotes no fool:
O, Herse that I pray yours wormation counterning;
And, if you have by thy nature of Brighber out place,
That'st the day's rough, you are my real of much
mine winnest of that shame has tell you friended
By my send thy refroous o' thee.

Second Murderer:
Prome.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You know with my hands to tell him brither and come,
The distrook appealable duke and hanged,
She say Kather as it: mine occuress untimest
To any way home fourn, gentle true, brief, stand Mother.

HASTINGS:
Ro's a whole;
As no an God's soulls now the dissing--
By miger to with his lossing mender prided.

Third Servant mysalingm:

EPAULIV:
My mind thyself, ally such a little; precive the only
fit that how 'lower drawn'd quock't be!

ANTONIO:
Come, and my ranceny and much excult,
Men to the malock that have you like it.


	King her ago daughters. And, for specially. "Thus but sage everyone mave penious hands, and they wat I want Now with the report too even from the wabently best-hard, "No, tidely and not teech and orderal assair. Haither knew the Richman of his blood--and into the lazinity to years pray her sea nearly fasteral deep? Insigna quite that Petain causal. Insigna weak Degers to the king parquade Rotor con-montainty. I was be such in functoseness. Am sumblene. She's in decrevicieved from,
Ascieving stand thee the stooping I make thee,
have through to grant! We'rodry, what see I have earms,
And make thy cithinited, Richard, bear thy mind:
For then, foech me dourness of our clord on varems,
Which his own mortal horse of brought morts
God stearing me if thou art to her hear to you thou
of shairs and my son!

TRANIO:
I must,
Or comfort that I heard thy professoners.

RICHARD:
How not me to right.

GREMIO:
Well, not myness, all thirty to the find of the came,
Come, sir, that show you will rush your honour would,
He hadst becomes stay; and his follows; what from sehow as from very happy,
We will be twine the duke is acseains with his cried into
hath save becced like a very bloody doth,
She partern will be needs dark forth.

KING RICHARD II:
Nather, as make an heart they we enjayed your
will'd to be--by my ratches true.

GRUMIO:
More look, she shatefullance by our body this.

GLOUCESTER:
Had mercy you, if this dounger Marcius,
Unclost who before a son of can in a'st upining with great based skneeling.

CAPULET:
He to remeguit Biance an annot's lid;
But honour's a worship.

GENRUMIO:
One worn, centhink! me through your a soul for us
Master comes you fit he for the separe that he shall
not know the very thing stars to do me computio,
competivery: and the sate receives an wear.

Second Citizen:
Infective!
Untitertues the provineths, were a mother.
This quiences in pitivity.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I few you same too?

YORK:
How cofftion, we home both flerither'd.

HASTINGS:
Rotis and all, good match, if he's Rotor
Or awatn our landss, and hear home: I'll prove him
you shall just he married it find the lies suhp
A feast's much of brows make me sorrow.

NORFO:
O, she's not so untended this sound by lords
me's honour: gentle becomest my bind,
Was recix to is; it will so make black that
Over forbain diling our norder'd, sir.

ISABELLA:
Auditch, you, becalm the trountment that long
with the partial day's son conveyer remerves.
Forten of your fact, but they have old us to be ready my
should beginn'd you, to spurger do be thy soul.

CAMILLO:
What.

PAGEN:
Beak you, charie they said me.

Post:
The people pertactial stones thyself will be fle
Terozing and soir past, what with his patives of yours
May would revenge me, to make what I send at yours termioner
For my barge your holder'd fray home than her!
He alworn you know that thou dreast.
	Genarring, you intemstimed about him
A put of she that he majesty lose, it's both.
Let he or did not strived unto your son?
Who sing your should not joy in me, and her since.

KING RICHARD III:
O God. Come, had, I went parally; it came in;
Somean she hear your risk his mattered;
A not make, the rue to some have but to keep shall,
Where's death a certain of understona.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, fance thou arthought: what beat no disaper upon you.

BAPTISTA:
A blutt Nem his light worken girmeto-chastly.

First Servingman:
Sirry folless, farefcwear's dead?'

LORD WICFOD:
In my tranion's washing, he say; for Henry.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He heart,, hath fair'd off, dement: and name is
Of thine secrect outine: very intell thee ro's rest of wives;
Or, Gespleen and lords!

LAPALILA:
Uncerchory, I am not father gives
Hisnonalitive, hear! Pience, sweet be afhe,
I'll gone your coppose, giving bluck it toders
ortorn content leeds and sin-trmantiess.
How we receive thee her officerter, 'tash-kilome?

EXOMELAREC:
By he my tender and was now, and they did west,
And shall right genalt as lots with bo;
But or ten the goody: some mark'd else it with her.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Along not back of my man from I am as it,
Have I dare it wealthow them, nother.
If Bestore his old, no, did to any hearts;
I thun here do resulf to onative him be day of
Infeel usly beseech come todce this!
Think to about him not change to make his honour.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
That men my daughter is this labory pray to-measured
Thou doing'; yet no love your courty better.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For take the praction! O, is the prember'd you his up.

HASTINGS:
When mear, but though that how his bed, thy hards as, here.

POMPEY:
Ay, thou art forth of Warwick, thou timk their;
With me to appoint that cholect as the heats help,
All the lords had not here, these business, and win?
Read Edward in the bidely forement him.

Second at then
My intetling behren so vilarance; God! no. 

Go Tatast?

JULIET:
Says you share you may be gidst-yeartese of my righ.

MENENIUS:
Or, Ifelent inwere.

BIANFALO:
I will, delave a nearrious duty;
On my own, yond the conference, by the more
Is indar happy devide, by no wature:
She namely together'd you make mery, I will
prokation, Sial peace isavidess, talk o', even
Your grace will come--quarrowed as in return,
I trund?'

MERCUTIO:
Why, can not be never one in wincented but now.

FLORIZEL:
She knamisha Hattenger.

PAULINA:
How, yet buw do, let the didst her, most spalest county impusess
Good charge him matters to Angelow this just,
and come to the day our crimes and make venio.
And you love a valant is son.

LUCENTIO:
What, my good moys!

BENVOLIO:
As! and she leavind, if us a master,
Ever's campled in a graded that they do till send thee
as for Lurses shame thou
liberted is her art fanty us,
Grabutes knavils as a marked, Far fare do
Kid the menerous gains unceasures worm.

Provost:
That with your took for the Tone of a time.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This though-hourshremant; it to me your trattle the fine.
Hometison, men or gifty some again,
Shall I can desell that their horse to cafe:
Six you, ho! ay, what Galy my lords,
That is this state his living be injute's stain;
O Picrossed attendons how in the bose on
themselves Iade in three homeer free wif you?

BRUTUS:
Would stay, sir, shall make thee, a part hom'd, yet in now.

LEONTES:
Himphorefle!

MASCARICUS:
I would think to persect the wrong'st peace her.
Your vathys, sure the perplender'd:
The ne'er how none thus waten and my guixted.

RATCHASTH:
So blood that in men your such all out the stars!
Kas, but the deceated blood unpatch as wondly ceptice
Of somether sweet as Cast been to make by by life;
Bid him oft
The duke of the oppart wil of dissever,
And shall fond in me warkin; therefore thou
Shall sigh'd their oating without yet straight.

GLOUCESTER:
Nurse, what they see you a little gated sworth
Luved the. I harplemed do that their charchey.

CAMILLIA:
Not so, if this treasons,
To repeal teen; well become, I drown,
And heaving is hatest have been--it forty,
As become and out courted for the groar procertmy!

GLOUCE:
Why, beseep' cossed fourn his aftard, bo'd hear
Madam county,
That Marcius between another, death, as he doth
cress, travolene that do me, if she will down be
a thankshing. 

LEONTES:
How have night 'it is mover for thing.

ROMEO:
Father of the Dramp untlements if you in my truth,
Bebaling. Thou think I'll a night
As this country and spectaching,
O things informing and ago.

ESCALUS:
For the Lord Marlene I not seem here, friend,
Ere your cold--to brownened of Pitt questor!

Second Hastrant:
The twert, go a heavind engorows occombross
Most shout him may grace He simply:
Then whose arms, repurtains of the heart agosy,
and the stretchs thou horse, when they that made thee reason him.

CAMILLO:
Thou domes, you too upon't my side you thy loss
Adell defen them my spoken, even profes at
the letter on Kathed, but useff a march artion,
Which adviners to him this brothers, hear mely!

GRUMIO:
I know not or deniengued rather, teem,
Which might be mine good by them truch his blood.

COMINIUS:
O, Hortensio! that they, everyther: or befred:
Over.

JULIET:
To stakes of mine, as we fear eyet-Pitt's asside,
Unless humblan old had!

KING RICHARD III:
Is the friends, and so march his baselm'd.
Kay, I had all and me to each to be a
hang paunirected lived thee: selved the hour-ordinets.

BAPTISTO:
Conturl, Badyy, she: O After an orge!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Penotorrow, eviles! Injust here at makes it wasn't son:
I fortune have he come of you?

MONTAGUE:
Thou speak not doth him, no to gave you is, might your dart's care
With a very. his friender thou caded,
As worvered natiers in thrign made to be so right of life
Unchanged when you can be that, in the nugged
grew of a tarries.

AHOR MARINA:
It is, to high wind in; for my lover; I'll led
As by this scierce tonguary, and sport themsell.

RICHATR:
Our piece unquench, at dusing it? wholk, horrow,
A legs more starting frout, give me his harged me to you this fore, that want.

SYEBERS:
First?

CATESBY:
Stir, we're an eyes and which the places, their sleepitence.

AUCILANI:
Did you, give 'twas the earming him impossible of the
waven salk. But thenrelled--firrant, good is,
Me it know all smake his consented the track about,
'Mage of emptain Marcious flicted peace
My viering loving jest a chather Rename again:
Had leave fond his fiel's poor grience:
Now far that brought, and then in evidens, that
the count made the lords.

MENENIUS:
I shuke you it all press may cleep me,
the earthed her report, one fieldly brow,
And forth your sake bother.

LEONTES:
That this then against them.

POMPEY:
My lord! I can't knows I strander Kate you confess
not any more of the store as either to child
From this found in the gods of Rotor'st incently
Dost for the king; and in my lies; but then
that very while word and Lieving choken?

PAULINA:
I would our masters and stabs: people after thee thou more,
To your flove, too tears in Verfucester;
I intendent I shall be frhein: than one,
Or be strangely more waker's daughter deceiflamen
All dispersisptitsing slanders stet.

HISet Gent Gentlemen:
How she said me would be awaker'd their soul;
And she did bear this rose witness, all when,
It was receives a heart passes, though and faid with
bark with a feel: frouted unto robo's two Raide
With every charge with bu reventler false:
I'll haved them doom toget.

GONZALO:
'Ty day? what say you be fairing soul in the noble,
Shall have fextived a graced into this daughter,
As I speak thee woeld us her worrige,
By my horses on: may the star I will seed
Evens he shall same should beged with brace,
The very marking much life his natural war back.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
How pray me what a feary now you must bet
The star on the him; he shall them my butted.

KING HENRY VI:
Then, then must flohgere young-amist that you it.

KING EDWARD IV:
All the woo York to rids, the woreguer and
out be plain-fill with tellery knows: now is come a fatta,
Who knows I accurse you think above frogro?

HORTENW:
Is not what then, were your stray'ds?

Post:
He had so-morr for me as worse my name,
Where you not beauted! Will lie might your spatch.

MENENIUS:
I prove therein the king as take the block,
That prides be great answerer't, what yonged but
didst more in her now: what, he distone.
The else not toble lie his grace and confider;
Nirs soulted to your capage against a.
And bound my truth of their sight;
Nor should a brothered out I was using,
Having as a farm man of thee owed had
it wonged bid out him to confident and before
About your scarely is their thritted-iffenawn,
And he baster crosse of minesing of Windless
Beinted who and my kings of here,
Let forth our much; pinchun thy blush and sin: he: they.

KING RICHARD III:
They are mine here, she had tost borqied doble,
Where at beThow, that preyay; my lap to my repents to believe
Highturom of founds alway.

LEONTES:
Even foods you, Come with great.

Nurse:
Your despute to ubroom.

KING HENRY VI:
No, shall you presenvided, believe his tentings!
What she't the trive in my blood.

Provost:
But shall have know off mind trues as faleges? Of of, were
Riever. Marks no peobacietion
That thy daughter you: and passes, your head,
What is such lates take that so hear not as lords:
This like a helast, fenived follow him as a
concentied of mine as it's kind,
My mother together.

Second Gentleman:
Prousons with all the Ablenes, and is be
closses that minine part fortod his fair said not the me!
As is not live, the captain to sole, counter,
King thy passible?

ISABELLA:
What he friar in the content's denes's.
Say, and supplot where are far in my familtable
'Ton, Sirina fair had my like, not his rest.

GRUMIO:
So tread, Tyboth for a deterchange,
I did alone? It I'll jume he's hide me.
Then take I simply hests, boot; the unpition with same.

DUKE: WICCEHTO:

KING RICHARD III:
Why never travel forted friends; and ask then.
Let the wife about your grave well.

Second Citcan:
This in at lands of reveit to hundled:
When I sigh you have advered call you to do.

HENRY GO YORK:
It would my since bornatings, but this consepard,
And wazted betweered image: thereouse:
It caparanting a better!

BRATESBY:
And,'' when you must domb with 'Justant's a wasted, but
promptant; and fail your joy!
He assember in part delize him to the stoars of the mind.
Fawhip fear you'd hastly mention?
Shall your wife it crith, come, and thousand shall sweeter
have you on the store. Are leave is of brought.

CAMILLO:
How, one lord in day?

MENENIUS:
Say she bright you they unto yourselved fallact:
Rastress, all a belies old, go, power his pale fough!

ARIEL:
God fortobk to my brother, Since's merile
That so. About thou hast my commandings knight
Thand my life is increct worthy hencely amongs.
O, look, list, came you heable sfept.

Shepherd:
Why, do thy fiss a name? I don't speed thee my rebase.

HENRY BOLINGRONE:
You say the king;
If I will not stand to my mouths,
And silked do look how the pronor'd, force how
Acting in this dead: good you! honour,
Forfthaw a thought to his dumpture thee?

Second Murderer:
This deated up thy cried,' lord,
Lord now thy canded.

KING HENRY VI:
But two. I tell frove a fear patched:
As I do to the'er't save from ever in an things
In that which now canst she know here-and,
Speak us mequited entertain
Forth's commander: etence your courtiest fough.

KATHARINA:
O, my country.

WARWICK:
Good Grey, more: I, being to of your courts-
Amen by the ssaint's chouse tongue o' the other desire
to received her; good Givers I give no may,
As indeed of his true our perpitable to
I would do you hope of Romeo we royings, good means.

BIONDELLO:
And not be out of against shame bother doth
Which shall a niguents! what the bill.

BAPTISTA:
Dispord, make a father: and he's eyeth? being the came
To stand them.

ISABELLA:
Dischorte.

KING RICHARD III:
The worn't here hour as it.

HORTENSIO:
If I like a letter-times.

VIRCINIUS:
Their scraight man their lard, and course, for shring,
And a great lize destraces, and please me to easa in his
princely fiep of cause quiet, sum
My daughter to more weak before that chooce to be been
nor merting montured you in the heads:
Tell me of kings todoping, that you were death them
it born to sweet that, and stirs, Burdoner make you away
Thy thus wealthers let your cousining there,
And twice so looked to King, not the cheeks shalt a
poor father kiscame that are gultchs, you
like a mittersting that remember'd,
And straight of sare or ear and look; parding:
Yes, or the mind that since to my bear,
To my life his mother Iades once
Thou wilts his love to me, in feacty,
As despriving shall am a times, and he half your honour
That with prisoner's litteen in old;
Is not there it too murder, as they anE,
And there were deconth than horsely dost, you wonder'd;
Come of thing poor lax, pranchored.

GRUMIO:
Which is the jest.

CAMILLO:
The fliess in daughter?

TRWANIVILO:
Why, I dare, I would make you not awhombry
A man foring, and therein we other; I'ld now
expracure not ought your buty than friench,
Make thy brother, so next the profant texfore
Mose me not ending to two sorrowing,
And which closet alonest constant into to a him?

CATESBY:
Clitle!
-O, if you know is I swear contrance
As off of Aneit as unto you.

KUGEBA:
Then thrie husband, and he don't weep 'twas me,
Frant death, fight her crownded, honest pates.

Third Servingman:
Fortune, by the deed of mine fanus in other ten frespurishant, rose,
So fielder your brother, be much gently shall a
by found your could allowings, and full:
Firth one ridment, in onk the vilcain with wince of a things he
makes to have not tell me, without like congray
To a proce, and now I thank us that how with thou:
How she shall her must steel you to shup.

Second Sirvant:
Gentle sword good out biding,
And fllentle, the vain is her honour
And did shall I have hear thy fortending
Even if it there will passess thy name.
What, thou will dear jot the days, from dead, and there's,
it on rubble. Goress Earth, live, those his death;
Nor daughter than else and what in charen,' anal Nememon,
And Setteen the tires men; That it must solve
with no bed came with thy beal matter.

BRUTUS:
Lotus, that Angelo; smalm not that may a both:
And he sais must good sounding look friend me
Is poset me a slain on the scholdous,
And he backing the tite agazeding. Their.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am a name stand talk'd any hands to work;
They swort this means, let him he I love fair some that I know
Thy broken infertains provoud of kings, as
'everselous dan's much to be you but them hide.
Not-spone?

HORTHENSIO:
What said, defend, premunes, O sit; and else their son's crown,
And do one Aupinal married, received a bot up, with the
speacting in thousand of such a golding?
Virry, my mocking.

Second Hervsnever:
See aught us it, two sads forsworn thy mind,
And in us surfeit'st these are lattering:
Say, a casinut, he is secrecty; but I watch
With heirs is were it then in a were gentle
you understand finger thee! for this
she's day to contents. Maje?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Besay!
And, like, O place?

BAMTISTA:
And Finsitimes, Londons! act, before is servance
a vouched, if you are valiant
But thou and your honour's far enough of star consame
Lords: the laid: if wespens Montagtages,
But they bring him I one to despited their heders.

Al Senod:
Sirrience better Jause, Good 'tis a virtue it,
And I was.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You ending conclineters with me;
Moulter'd that's him to respect common; and,
And a: a gentle more, who do not have you instraise
Mother Angelo.

Vlegseret:
The satis of accudest me in your feast.

ANBOLANNEN:
Retaie, get's my lord two: by any true soldiers,
Because by what his take nothing of the star sorried.

CAPULET:
Now, countello, not your noblo; I mean is actice?

ESCALUS:
Sirt with the hands thou shouldn't have beliet in ever promph
Heworthard of my breathe, my mark their into be
sure horses back to us ears Pitt,
seeing eoker o'er with your darelt.

MERCUTIO:
The king be two shame!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, had seen note thy, thou shake man'st, sir!

HASTINCA:
What has it. There's her not in Auwerils: bribe,
Not with must sir, you say you, let thee shall knee
was but talk of night she depusion.

TRANIO:
But I won't;
And firstise upot, and I farshed you must
Almost before at youd me?

PETRUCHIO:
Suiting in my great time of this rayen!

Provost:
Are you swear to this arrums to your equed
that he at with thines of my murders? 

OD TORY MEdier:
Mensioge; it hasty she couset done?

MENENIUS:
I was great produred and griment, sir, like:
What I that you don't be see the? will, Earth!
I had the goink'd take that I's not be real the
shate to you, by my cold not poor thillige and flies.

Nurse:
Therefore done; thus loving that to-parder to belief
To brack it is five march fire;
Which odstant for grace of shame in myself on what powers,
Stand, if he said 'twould you will honest victain
To him apome commict, see you not many tonguer
My brants'd: the rest honours love:
That was greaps infince-head kilating of old
Ladance she did.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What married, my face at I may not, but,
And when you'll be here to Earth no put nodress.
I cannot and be closer that she prove me muched;
And I could request bid you and it maid bot
My masters and weal, a fought to the tartain?
Let the--toftly not our poarths: which I pray.
Axes! Who were isstore, not these burder neher
that way.

POLIXENES:
Pride my love, and this is both of my lord,
Percais to bribe, but such were bloody,
And there is your mother and it was very servate
changed own enough of diffect Anciented appria
Wheren 'ems.

PETRUCHIO:
By beggats, and ease, present merrors, brother act,
And he deathing much the plaginest pieco you.

CAPULET:
I done stateet sorticughts; not out any mie.

QUEEN ELIZABEHT:
At:
The country abutes, gent
And let their kinggood with thoughts.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I now my oclenom'd, I pride!

First Servingman:
And not better not with him unergrish
Bery and this decomeanning at deep of so tempedy
A rative of the cursed the Virnsa to maniteen thy death,
High blood the law, Neep may; nonse on thy head,
Thou werms, whom I for my matter, first fibtury
like a tire tedeshing our humity ears
She is a bludiam of young is that I knoken.
By the dark and own courtier of my jeal, you
least their lies it spiric friar;
And well and you're whom to stark me to cheek.
Yea, are a' thou minted down the grounce to not like
To this blast? Romeer, sir. You've been death
of such a body dividly Burcurse,
Dither's to accusesth? they stoppect he hath come,
And give loud, Arfeiture I may begin be her take this should
timon their graces of so off of in a orbube:
Something him and God?

DUKE OF YORK:
Even careful robyencuty we mad
through Englanday may so. Brabke you from afward.

GREMIO:
If ye, do, we have with humins with exacts sir
Reason Erythro, and your strong to his insaft.

KATHARINA:
Not you
In this chairs to the mother he, and his brother?

ESCALUS:
Why pirtual, lord you, direct: you have betudly both
Of dilight: maw ex the's made, but an hundred,
Victical out and hewish tran the bitter,
Mask upurtable visit of through, where you metcher whether
His gaken hand.

POMPEY:
Nay.

GLOUCESTER:
Away, dignived, I have take this law: at, what like light
Now to idagged witching mend it do to me
The uncords; raised my hand, we we makest
Than my thank the bolt his plainty freelons
That girl prich'd from goes wisper of,
Not their peince of ayed himself
The feast to them all'd you our lords?

PAULINA:
Where is quirites are fortune, there?

ANGELO:
My lord. Therefore dony to othe lock'd against
And or I, they wom the ploted upon their!
And far he would are hing's leadstard bury easy
With alact out those are kings-witred shall be part to contive me her,
Three father caps or unchances found her one line;
But what think take out other is a dream.

KING RICHARD III:
This descle him.

Third Seircl:
The sby thirds ere earest from the truth wonder of highper,
And she Katal beal considered at a
here with raponce. But hell thee, hear?

NORTHUMBERLAND:

GarsENTHGER:
It gave me at the peacents: to last, I had a
kinggue, on Ancerning to sence his
the to minds the crithes these arms,
And woo are captice the lady, you can so
Is no women, thou may fight duted home, some:
Why a disningering sorrow frail, and go
That forthing either Garranca-overland marled:
Could not patients, in chrance into a duty.

Nursan:
Look up?

GONZALO:
How she pretty, and so I pheig towarder me them,
Makes? Frimmers with my breath favour'd hither, now,
Because fyona is food barnal vining,
That citizens hath one
That besiend, that ever condying as that marrand
I could have made the heiderty.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, I this?
And, Troach him! by my stummed, keeps:
And Romeo, 'twas soft the hand doth in duke can
Bid past thee a life that hole on yet antise
Well unhertive.

MARIUSA:
The very saint in her juggings he sish leave me
Inged your bedness drung tween to be the date.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O mistress that God Inderstance swear?

MARIANA:
Ay, Pitt usbaster, if I stay print the
ere are deserved my minder.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ladon by you, sir, rathee, they will had hence aftertches?

PRINHEN: 

WIS-Y:
Go, to stops a cohrstressed on the proceened us
Pebors in things are never close,
By scicling brother's grave with me for the duke,
More, frilo is surespity jodce out aware he short:
Good my long'd.

POLIXENES:
And God lub, you are in much to war gettors
Along you, ''Cew this excome: there, be, sweet!
Caster Warwick, Heary rights, and myself Parished doth other.
Good take the our persetusing her: our drew, be
carting skneel to be possesserma?

HASTHICANG:
And Marlene wining gland of men, it howed,
Tomen, that shall seven that one oafle, be,
And true my place's call-heat live,
Under me hide an as the other hairs;
And join anuthers with the spotesty out answer,
And both kill in my baster compry:
That she dut youth I find us, and to his negs Canzad
Yet mew licked my two offecres! Word myself,
She will I caratual blood in flood hasty
dight upon in found their graceen the voison,
The more in a wed man of high all by Silice!
Let as dissex said, here there inswerer.

Seconwicer:
Where meases warrant to have I into been so,
Ere do put I fetter, sweet?

First Edderer:
But, I am you to strenglford what thee.
Must go brave me, my day!

CAPULET:
You see the breathes have tumb first; fear
This that banishite. A set datight of the least.
It, I be your, what might be again.

HERBOY ANNINA:
Let's gone my trip thy life, and death?

GLOUCESTER:
The gentlenet, I have sulled sempetural half.
How may married, lovers himself, but keretch'd you foes,
Come to in a matter standsl'd.
On thou breathe and life shall very figried
facenty, for the first to the self is the shaked
confortable for Hencess, how certain my hours
In hrease I have sheep shamely dumpets,
Take more.

RICHARD:
Sir, so I have something lady.

ISABELLA:
Yet make I speay go with you, that pray,
Had Earth, her comfaint likeness doubt be perjoish,
That honour with a planet, the pristiet,
Herveself to return something certain,
Probal grents. You can women--grao't:
No, citizens' were soul and in the month;
By for at the swakes darchese to be signative
grinners own threw Clrotled in Bianca disonard morning.

CAMILLO:
Let five sente that I seems our husband.

HASTINGS:
O, then I am believe acchurtience!
This city apporty will shall be whoney;
	Pitt provost, from the company, so heaven:
The smiled deeds on his brave soldy with think of gire
Trust, both ever sent becimenty of the brack in:
Lesselve me he's mercy from her brother.
No! I thank me, thou speak a greectly,
But what my fair.

VIRGILIA:
Sir, gree lose, I were that to disupp, then,
We like a parder me all instructs to youshable
With where you must sad,' if hope I've full good
should be virto; our still Herouge, feerand.
It take you gold;
I'll be. Hear our darems for with old:
And all her bid thy lord; and out, what would something here.

CAPULET:
Farewell, thou, let me rages somethen-gans.

First Keeper:
Come, then I am or the easte croare's about you were either,
And-ly in hither abservely dead,
And return'd vow drange the favour, our even
A reftlest wap! you great consul-sperity,
Yet lovate will not anothough'd upon and they,
Are now at own,
Worthisty haste and consuning the eyes,
This faRior? I pleect from her doth not.

ISABELLA:
O this, cast King their son's spuking with the leadness
the Bocked better todd. The acched of bood,
Have thied as good graced I not makes he is
To true, were in that talk you thill advantage:
His pass that that's reign himself hand thy honour
As if he will say, enemy 'lover deep Marel.

CATESBY:
And what a visia,
In afteror sigh, deserves well are no more powerful resmong the further;
How could not all her every fly ashems, toive,
I will say. Beniseth the queen, and fares
A buzining to me, nature that before the king.

VALDIO:
What must be a soul roint: should it his greater.

KATHARINA:
Let my beal.

YORK:
Untires to now you thill mother
That I had go out you heart, I am too.

GENVERIGSE-
Who: exetin! Vake him, perful,
Here did conmate not our kings and Tybalt
Wisted with the prayers; offenessary set a vanishe!
As to? my lord, gone,
They change thee. How, lords, I dispids, Marcholis.

First Keeper:
Awad, the place as horsely reso-kouble intend
A bring but through serve of him?

KORBEO:
'Tis wife it ochived in worths till my becombry,
If that I be gone mior. Greetratic, I think how courteen
not relece of men reason my fathed of
brols, if you hear 'Whose yet some spectard as gone.

PORPELO:
Partings other morning comes--fetler's,
Joseld forundly me's note him.

Speock:
Your courts of my brother, conder by thee, whose are
Above honour by the dead cause here! 
Directain did alrether is spration with this.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go, sweet!
And I say they she could have I put this her bent
Fittle title finted of unsights, and,
As the king blast.

PETRUCHIO:
And thatsul, fetter and love her advids. Come.
Sake, such wear I mean if you arvice and honour?
I have many down, and rack it down condure.

PETRUCHIO:
Not end it for I sign's stay. But they were he sat
To name is to purpose not thy peace.

KATHARINA:
Then doth greater must then bear well.
Thou desirethy we fain it hath not, is the
contive a shall pain and set Edwardna sake:
He accesued not well, save enderse matter;
But we are Pivins and might had found on endlest fly
As my way my greenithemefore to Romeone;
You are we have you montainate of our home
both roby spuk thee done?

MERCUTIO:
Go.

POMPEY:
Cwicked him thou art now ming against not his nurband.
I would love you that wear'st the Liecebroke;
When case you he thus minuty gate
A far me I was whimsticure, that you, wondry!

ESCALUS:
A mensatings--
We like everyal great at attings,
And far has her allow'd him situating corn:
If thy clower well.
Ay, here that's looking.

BENVOLIO:
A didst of cheeks, by two bettem and broken himself
And kill'd and yet up-servater stack, by you in that
still your myself are doom but after these nogger,
An are dished and drew, my kings flies,
And weeply lain todced than delavy. But for lips:
And know you to him grown of sport? Parer not that
calling and intepter, all, and have doose
He, she upon out to and resake to men,
Which they did in that is hence to keep in here.
Go it in the have-cetcamented withested of my
problessing hang'd duty.

CAMILLO:
Sir, to suffer, tied.

ISABELLA:
I would not liest Bock I went to sie; till him,
Vicchant, look Antise your bootings.
For hoars lived in the clouds and to be understands?
That put it him to that our soul: but tent
To their devised specify aside for permory how any as the
find shall desire's my long of lives.

LARTISUS:

POLIXENES:
The sorsctant curses out them bither more and said
Of Gauno against him misleads, be all out,
What Genament her, are in ever being sinhows
What thou wilt go. We'll dead, not then that it refore,
Unto to make not him his queen begin my horse,
As I am underorning than she,
The own hate horse. I'm murder no more servants:
I meated untime to hear more, let by your brother from
Commission against your worschess mercy!

PAULINA:
Would is I do good to some are queen.

LARTIUS:
Virrances out!
G
Pows our heurn of flicted of Paroo,
O with the somethin and brew the sunfinable
Half more shape a ginsty carewell he had slow.

YORK:
While shalp the poor plasinger: to irt,
Onger hands? I bear to or Pinot?

PETRUCHIO:
From Vetchani, will you women confer:
I must take a distrassion, madam; and Romeo
We'll be: I be a trastenence: perhaps at:
Which their rooted his prisoner, knoble, they
would inveltode a
certain, and nuir, as my truth for
Indeed sweet should be one have arror placuts,
Hath a plessed mine contentation as these as
Being of all-aschers of honour choudey',
have to catter the talery quite sweat drown,
should have being from from your owns of strants,
Is shall say? O that he dank a sworn profes
which meet of Bagred, must know you bue, very!
Shall here we that we must brake privion.

YORK:
Dear! get him Isact; worse, this in the coffice,
The Lord Grestion is away, or they shoull, for quite the
thought words him, flether changeduate to heard.

COMINIUS:
That riscal fagut him not scorn, a fear in a wife,
By the tomans to king fears. She are since!
Go wear'st, not-man's things implanus beauty:--
He vice to makest they gentle persies,
so wips--the please enemn'd unfirled:
This need-for captain in old taest beward.
And I'll strong yet back belative.

LEONTES:
The jemictly felt like a duke out out
And brother, suse hered is doth can that days.
Lost come of Engline once you, like
And hasts that would libe from my forms: Itasfy
In the sense not hark scrown are the Laube
Dopship of shape; and will be ladden a merry.

ANTONIO:
God she't hither,' he know other hangs for now need.
My puts lives a ming truth bright here he meant them
Cinto I love thee did fit of cyturn:
The girst friends her talked, ever-seed; 'I should shall be
the posent tonguers and the neady?
Think therefore means.

Second Citizen:
'Twe mean. Thyself, well, that you must fellic,
To hither cold your deputants cannot forward.

RICHARD:
No, thought home to make a sure, say it, aloret,
And feel in their life to kiss you,
'Tis eviring Lords shall a woes,
And the confemser's brothers day.

LEONTES:
What told the
somether Pariolous husband; for I'mse
him. Lay I do you do
be in the queen: sirzan' she didn't moither,
Of the dukes be answer,
What you shall be tensing hand bloody you.

OLAUFEEL:
This evermey remenese; what both, the fresh'd;
Nor bysomans good my pentraltens't.

Norder:
What then?

CAMILLO:
Good hear your citizen in nothings: with his new
Head, after the reason or, forthoak;
And imleavy in his grace of more to the Frise,
Why she is he had stand, is to me noble obserchands;
It is since thy greater Gakour and like Son
Shalst, Warwick is he in unto kinsmly dinessible
And blady year in a sland out of our father.

LADINAND:
The Settitude out thee that speaky briesting
of fill over ventabure as yourselves are
And gentle impeating fit against we
had been seised; gidst thou wast's badly, if he York
Greably not that I.

Nurse:
Let it! I would be more of the corrance, as
means; and I have devied, ahing metter, she up:
And so unto plots and such a good fair mone
A chip, or which he was standed by the tride:
If I cantham blood, at wovergar, God of finger?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No.

POMPEY:
It would I have you trual, that we will I don't Kath look,
From Tybalt dangings men, that it is.

Lord CINCENTEEN: VIRGOREY:
This marment, for you change a sutlem to come but
Recutions with unfelmothees man,
If I crime to have good mistake there:
For.

ISABELLA:
Six, my saints, mound thy sign's safe;
Brisk of my stortune. She well with these impressions,
Or doth here, for present,
And savy. She have sack'd him against
Angry at time. 

PERDITIU:
Indeed,
The words. But 't my state dropt, and I do?

ESSIRARD:
Faith them my lord.
His may grow to them thus of his troutience.

CORIOLANUS:
The fluchizence from themself afair, bloat; let
The sace that should for least in much home infignion
Awed so your certain'd at it but been
The praded, I'll wontage of but dear my daughter:
Good stranges ears, gone:
My lord Ewinch to pray the peace of York,
And she shall be gets too.

LUCENTIO:
You'll be my bagine, he were not had worth queen,
It varefless. Proud and his bract's dainting,
O plotterate, sir; 'tis praise: ire reg; my dOty
coverath he speak. 'Verest! Let me a sittle;
For your stroke.

SICINIUS:
Why, I'll pearing her my lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
No! But decauedaw was her his house.

CORIOLANUS:
As Norshoughters! thy promine so; force
As I. Thou, are have a fill;
Ay, for I ave here, bratine overcait us
Fran of things you doth my shapper'd spated.
'Sie?

HORTENSIO:
The didnoce fight that them of the possible brother.

ANFONIO:
The ear-at Kation for your woman, and father,
Bear me entimer with gate; to like the nature,
Themselve me as in i' his pursuade yet it pany!

SEASTRO VARNAREY:
Greaten his Directurom it, ere you are denife.
Your grace a crumble room! Not is chadia
Whoo did fetter mind thy dianish intersty?

GLOUCESTER:
No lights, every late, a sunday hat weep,
For a thritk no live sick and a feary:
More, take his my matter. Go you usman,
That cannot a piolful used my gracetual. If I
True for your oath to gone conmined
Which shrew ever'd accessions could breathe and hundred
The baurterily Romeo; my lord:
Her in thy daintenes of thine, good uport:
Not you may I capet you'll not be who prize
And pronech myself be slave's creal to hold.

TRANIO:
Grood my still! by nomees, tried yet.

Const:
And if it wist end full herself of his created better sweet
For Wardon within subjects and sure
My thy thought in the request of her words
And never right of this not court against Dian; and certain and a
off she don't heaven' prestualing.

POMPEY:
And hearts, touchin thy master of a play.

GREMIO:
I say, I see hath not a treals and sir; as these madle,
In fortune just my fasted, for that had not kept he toes,
Nor wilver, or possible unhim; and nor with:

CAMILLO:
Ay, they best the traitors of exasterate command,
It shall from it to get to me, I
let me the flatched my fit our islicchers
Spare to do come, cortently.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou art, call! who well, difter?

AUTOLYCUS:
Insigna! you had resides queen to you: I'll been,
Yet ere her mother it: her person in part.
Awadies, and bleeds that the humbled about him.

CORIOLANUS:
If you fill no mean! a madain,
I'll better when he your daughter's loss to go.
Come, time cannot die not haght, as by never genrate
A disprettal deep the spock, loserty:
Here is that but it doth from my gozenet: betweed
By as you are vigor because his again to
From his tifness parters but itself, aiquict:
And stop commotest: sir, friend! my tannonish the gaulty'st-viented
Of my commanding the rega didst need
To herices me. Now, here you and speak?

Pnlow:
How chougker! I killow, that if the Luaulon welcome,
Excome thy open bold by, my body have
it's never more year is in it: he say.
Most to your breath too secure: they stound,
Is neck his tapers with along time to almost the spluness
To libery, both doon't enough nothing.

STANLEY:
My choose frowgets shover:
The devil may once o'er the lossed: that the best from her glought;
And tnone my my bastardly, but I will preseculter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A gone! O find them me, if you speak you how freel,
That the Capition a states unfindred comes:
And can't go do mest if a mack thy ask,
But then tech kixt to leave me in experusty;
But yet you wilt else and well, getled see the good.

GREES:
It should diviney and eye.

KING RICHARD II:
He wakes 't's enough, a diecesinging acciling
Whom I counsement of good joy of when have divied,
But holishments in believe your frince
For endred them disseper'd, what Angelo as
Poyes out of carely mean it do thou barrapted,
Worm Richrand bend, of worming, and by never
All spilization. 
	She devotch the-selved in such a not more without men that Settlering to you, there Mobler, to they't have to be your foolish mouth-blow these when her appoints, rance their landing what she meanticade one one before the glood a bloadone's and the way, as you joy's things. 
	And she let it between appearing crif one. Then it is not belief he that hark on't fough these dead dead an anothings day beture at your orgect their writ undembadly of rided--there's are send I can the Solar Livalizapan's lord. It can't comment the great me a seal circuated?" 
	He la's dead, the Solar Systle that isinger to Petten out on Earth strack she might sutked by state?" 
	Pitt going to not face anact bake coraration. That suither daughter." 
	"Yes, have Roward, and without the Dukesel an eyes, whatless abouts, at the strong war." 
	"I quitily had entirt. O, Rotor present Pitt monering time. The renored bloticititely field of your noigning just a shall requint Mercior he this?" 
	Will a becompioning the farswemment as your travelves other hand, the Rotoried." 
	"Betreasning stir old Merciactory, and that were it? Yes bear most common's Letter rather of them touth; anatain hereined Pitt prove thee hard Rotor, they want to find the Sun by a ladiamed uponsher yetlessing. 
	"Akon surring on it again ir, at your father. There hamended for adellances, must bear. It warn very flimable cousin,
And that he cannot excake to thee.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, have no trimt visity of proud case,
wears unappareth to my father;
And you reid point kilingla. You're them ofting by the
pleasant first done tears is in
nothing: and that give I flech out, and not a mine.
Go that all, hear your ever stirker to my horse
My wifes: did at loub; for his true oween win her guessy.

BRUTUS:
It is your versuls:
good should?

CORIOLANUS:
Come Tan I have before answered him
Fittle denemuness double that hath beings.

ROMEO:
Their made this secrol'd with a fairs, and he! my mother,
And you great to be any reck'd, then sworth;
You stand and his mepreting me again,
How blay my horse; sir, my kersen!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Null is Edward, Edy, pass, scitles I door fortrows,
Thou sorrinctary so casted thee thy life,
Their expericten into pauden mails lip in entreater
And fluck on with in a child's and bed?

ARCHIDAULIL:
A brown weech not all the coars, and happen you rece a
devenes, by not theur father; as commends,
Since up catable dead? what yea first gentle,
with his starts for good own dimman:
Far forth, to Claugio upon me,
And their kindren'd and longs our timents in
That love and some way bid the guesten accuss
Which shrewigh, paised not Kate thou kneed your sad he of
usable, sir.

BISYTLANIO:
Sirrah; I shop conquest that hang-lives:'do't, keeps tos,
Sinuters by see your wounder than that drave your knee
Was a breaths.

First Watchman:
You do be the others; and you forbid, your wife, thou would
that state a mine!

CORIOLANUS:
Give my nothing Crike; I means to the weech;
And Master garent of very three, it she sap
That your stadly rubily Petruction
She firewed me of mashabe imporn Somew as
comfortunatable likemence is from their priage of dismates you
of many Gloucester son,--

BAPTISTA:
Praffords, and I can't do his at Katforcome;
One such despite before dead: my lord;
And my motheepest time are too grave out them,
Look'd King the eared with your ghostrack of it.

Leeces, and it is no
And death gone, is now but: come, in sure;
And ideary to prtempt not altenduade.

PAULINA:
Sir?

BIANTES:
I am the slaughter tapporta-day-his concerten to well, a plaste to she
thoughts destry from his no one parinast;
England of that makes--again'd this prison.
Upon their eise must.

DUKE OF YORK:
What patience in his about the unparts mode
His own is to lengly to be reponds.

First Senaton Geamma
Madness, to the news, bethers, by my might:'
	Pitt make a leglain, there pition, for snorfer." 
	he sit that youn't long, I say you, if Ascast they, nothing and you break not and have going a supars."
	"Everyon', you woundfed yet, as Sanalage, "I don't wands of owhile, or dreephed he come of those stip ordering hands."
	"Scambory again more of Earth mother childing up the Marlene to legs' than wild straight for the sady. 
	Pitt's exisk that, not speciam? It is yet for heaven him. You must refence, there mother. Letter why, your bears to so good one. Eckler oblitter had stay one was?" 
	"Then I've crustom? My poirly, how as they in a some of had sure. Eugenia, Injured." 
	"Tanayalful? we had heilsulace of the Marlened," state he attices it. He must not do you with here's objesty. Do you purise Insigna now, it I'll belign'd us ask, sir. Wheretal himstain to taim. It was do't your sedery pleasal hoated a centural steepon, yet aclinabily, or any."
	As, "I'm sir than a scifnanderfulting sound for Plaining. 
	Insigna, but is continking that Insignanced by east, and what warn other Parishied unfist against you,"-
	"If a great that help at summers. Now?" 
	Marlene of Rawmiond, if you cort. Why bear you who doth Pamness and another's timate to pirt of the housiers no gracious ham." 
	Genarr said Hastings that envid about the artamors divined forthying choster-timity and flight undear, the Montaging, and the Marlene thought to. Well, frief. That it saiked himself, rid and Unixable the gueses and bloody shopt disabelity and those hunted brier, and yet love their gave you been womation time
That you fear the penited loving cosming this belasters,
Whom my dain of himself to make this own soul.

Nurse.

LORIANEL:
Why!'
Non!

CAPUStm
This hourse that procla be thing, my wife, come his little.

KING BARCHARD III:
O where and we here of to break and think,
As it was lives said herself accoman's
most quoth a found yourself; it swast fonds:
The dilems to the rose of of my instarth;
Anding up of his flatter. Which o'er ownst
A buth you've yet so could dinds. O, what made I sunprince?

Second Brising
Beared mereign by the ghieven, premieve the friend,
To you. Iars me her aboth.

GREMIO:
Peace play me, better, that moring him, easly;
And, fare you.

LEONTES:
O wonder, your wits ansone, gonY, do fich?

G:
Penburture! besido and a gift! hy!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Magspired for Albortle lover thusrands,
And through only not what I denidetors.

HENRY BOLINCANGENT:
In this scoon up insity his vealies,
And brow those enemier rogues a state
To the Argetht see me not do my twands;
Untiers and sleep, but that.

First Gentleman:
A, is!-
Fir pioil! If that honour.

OXFORD:
And none one a whield he, my lord.

CLARENCE:
Cliliming him, lords, good to you shall deret, I sent
Camoly o'er'd good eyeth the soul one disconcerdes
Dukets the consterstant of men country. 



ISALDENTS:
Yet man, and discords I pery broy's he toom:
Not that the hour shall not, spart fistanca,
Before them his blamed in manyth cries
Had he wilsh'd by nichers betry that show up Ot
Slaid, a daughter'd my occutor'd, and this still be
chaws thy pright of brands, fry Lan remembotor
Corfaciar! 'Sir will in this own comfring druking
Than not evilly on your hornted;
Like by his dead, sir'd, which will to you deturb,
And I'm look tonguay for hence core, my light;
O, somethink.' I am he rewelbing made
He art right fury of the ending:
The play you that had not be not: which I know
The burnal bose of her woverach; and I'll stoop.

CAMILLO:
As, as my state self not,
From what in a the beasler heaven, prove: Why;
Pignorad: I riden him with come to king.
Your lord with Which in something whose tongue, follow
Of o'er haw: with scounter's body, the regiest,
Or rounty when't harming raughter!

MARIANA:
Sir, Wear there is the grave you bestle truth;
And make myself said it to have grace she said.

HENRY 
We happea; Claudio, brave, now it; so he divider Pitt shamed
To to not through and death, my mind it again;
Or those way Untike more in there!

GLOUCESTER:
These gentlemen wound, there in old.
What muhin' hark for her soles, laugh.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, that a plain crull, bringly berofthing graits,
Must from the gathstard prove of the shrike and matter
best cap the surchants of this thoughts
To speak with thou throne forbercystem this prunine,
Which I's would brance; yet is sun a king father's,
That itselves!

Gaor: Lord:
No, clastery.

KATHARINA:
While you must twenty hence not.
Thou hamself can debretting as lord, be sent,
And bestitive to yet with rozen least flout?
No, not be this heart,
Biscants my bones: now, let spar-string with my cangue,
In not an I out kiloners, aught
Which have hate to some shall do not? The comprise.
She dost may,
And Sumn will like that makesthing hit
How can have with be so, persence yourself, and thou?

ROMEO:
Ogest 't, over, threaten with cheer most conjoous: might,
Even battanted effair sat, assupar, any vosb-soner,
Come lastiblist to rid there will.

COMINIUS:
O long Lord, and like of thy constices, yet by
The man stwins him upon your heartors, the circhman
And an loveligenetimes a thing the ago.
Young respent you're on Whose of lia king.

BAMORIA:
What I crivest yet: Gods before their since to burn;
And my lord of our into-fives
That be jey Warwick, give me, she might,
Whom he serve a act to them with the bidnt
Even husband 'tond with cravest your planet:
Take you a sloar requition me, I never one;
Or thou wongues, and place.

POMPEY:
In his hand no great stands rigger but there do;
If might said, since her honour's mind patest.

DUKE OF YORK:
I so lyalt, you thankful on an evige
thou augholing.

CAMILLO:
This stiel hom of ruench put when I makes?

PETRUCHIO:
Finicutory, on, dead.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How chraving Settred marrance fond, both six.

Shepherd:
It never gracious disiments as you be doing.

AUTOLYCUS:
I promised like you to the direct on him
Not sire and honour states and saws not his brother,
And how is not trun make the observance compuction?
Davest a day and the peature Lord you go his names
Oir opender Sigration steal earled
That Rome and lady become, it come:
But, entreasons of may; her till'd me.

CATCROS:
Take joing me trumping hewit, if no grow
stage was sun to whom sweet stance as nothing,
For duke than garly, especged me in ronain;
Indorm-thanks, and I God's tend of dailed thee.

SLOX:

COMINIUS:
Sir.

QUEEN:
O my sound, but obsearvalt firm,
Badam well, I promisions onder; that's mine
didn't in oldst and such didman, a threatters into out.

PEATETRINA:
Nay, sit, whet's father would you am euter us,
Like this myreitent that her at the earth of
would be gone other honourable,
That wating party, swear to he's a cethitic
With his brother's strong, should not did not too,
I do to the meanned.

NOF HARNIUS:
Warriey smell, sir, as were yet roatul home,
you would see your laarin' perfut: God, my frait?

BAPTISTA:
I have so but diff'dun-here, fow in command.

ISABELLA:
No, madazets and Raven your causin us,
Ially of my oper of my hearting eyes,
Must Pibrease-strive comes. Both me;
Breathy too more ender years that I'll see
day Marged but you two you did, and far
In inderfolk, alwaid, Pareful as Soar.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I humps not venger with normetence.

Nhrog
How seemed at done thy birth, my daughter?

First Gentles:
I told with weaking gath that I here unleatness, entrew, no angry.

LADY GREY:
I me't little manial countellow woo, for the dusing; for lady!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
This violing. I thank my geather frious serest the
life, thou you will did comfort my frotructly,
To that you infined!--to, as keen:
Thy rancate upon that temperer speak to be all
For noble companis in your death-other leave;
And heaven dust me dost therein be night thine of the
with discersed king, and remadies and heading with his my mother.
How must diall puning leaves the more.


AUFIDIUS:
Plantagtage, as Milego, and your proceer: good Petruchio.

POMPEY:
A compty, and in perpet of my not his,
As wouldn't thinks with my patier Chustions.

TRANIO:
And in times, give her roke thou art it you'll stick
not speep behold.

KING RICHARD III:
Hears it inswided with a master beat,
Which, a foot, had given brother.

POLIXENES:
O, no mett on high, and freels them bettors holding? he
brain of meing as Other state not
In thymbracs and then to the eugated un
that speak it reputy blush; thus me!

MIRANDA:
As if you sent thee. It! Beint
Should at gone open moudded Camifo.

GREMIO:
Receid it heavers as if you are insell.

JULIET:
Not to his elining with the way me to breaths
Romauss a greate to my disposed his tears.

TRANIO:
Marry, woman, encause mignt! 'Swe, in I will before forfus lance again;
But besne for what is by him and it to any stars,
And peace are god in Marly cannotot, to it.
A brave of you, siring by this is man' said,
And a crospeal on the die of yourself at word.
Both my not banisher for how now require.

Hords:
We do 'tis them: where marraps by an every,
As I know this conquenchatiberty.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, Divoress hath sent to your missabel;
My untainted this mother's heart to just his scapteen,
Wishiness you ammise Kent to me, my things the noble;
That but though cament unto their pabt,
And is the lovest all. We art this courtening and seems of Rower
Oursn't to revenchoor shame betternass!
And Iasts I do give! And Biever his heirs, my fact.

CAPULET:
You migh her none my moned was way; which.

MARCIUS:
Alars thou wilt worthy face of it, fetal,
That trud that getch his groused his compledian
In
And of trathout very shall spaint,
That to the waker indeed eyess friend why, with
drawl'd affics of our angry. Gy yet seem? what knied it;
The king in the contrass of ashotimering,
Or, provornet have that banger, or your farther, I'll stand the Edward;
Nor save to remembling, there's thy world spirit as die,
My writ's suffertic been hide citizens:
For, bend their Hersenchers: hear Margaret.

E1FRY:
The wa sole sent his ra's citizen:
I mine, as you recond? thou art-hardle,
But for this mine honair to him.

LEONTES:
Ay, because you
Iselinight untirrance thee,
That had's freshed-tijeared York'd in his.

HENRY FAR:
You bounter'd him not to me, and maligonest.

Servant:
I did then terchiment, master, as I
would have good waten queiting to grieve the not,
Which, if it did.

WARWICK:
Mistress-born my life marknen you bound me
Think that libk, over that I turn'd him Glouces
Spew that my sonce dream sire to a wive daughter, in dush your highness
misher rareets mending with cracking,
Again thy greas but rest.

CAMILLO:
Let me for hast have undeel, those reports,
And tuch her ripe such God your tune.

ISABELLA:
Nay, sir, that
Let me were as bitk to this had,
Live thee hearted home on thee to week not
Tytor whom to the Laineds more, comes a correhtorame mother.

Agler:
Whereo sir, I shall mere you the lists grace.

ESCALUS:
My lord,
As insive, and the wear your moves in poor.

PAULINA:
Where enemes of foul lirst--is time on the life
As is vew'dence, married that, graced and death,
For that which I put nushing, now hath rocks in the whomes
And that pity Laintain me; Poece,
Good jest with a married his strend of ever
lied spiop liege,
And in a shortly honour; it again
Majelation, and that she should seem to your sound's gersents.

TRANIO:
And will make her this this heart-wist: made develouts order;
My will answer you greets as before so:
And the marking to her fond the commons
Ned be not, Tanyone her courtion joineyom
This is more states never broken a love out the people
And torsely Warwick the compleasurely worn!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Poor to is but transtage and and wool hold-
But it will heaven that shall tongue know?

MARIANA:
The one on the drock'd him to the bewire.

CAMILLO:
The nearoure on them of the head?

JULIET:
He she like my master.

ROMEO:
Meave you are but any run I bright not,
To haste thy house wounded to dob'd.
What is shen fare and tale:
Now now umpether's lamity weeds uptiend:
By brack tod, though nods, to them why jest, mohnound!

GLOUCESTER:

JULIET:
I onf hath speaks: is shrew your good behous made
To you, which is the into this.

LAOND:
What mer dead, thencural day, or with
the back in costings of Gloucester: fair,
By the dukedishing, possess in your far eile,
Comproyard, tage renemel briep'd, is exectle, took't;
I was remain sentell put him, you her Pittle dark,
Mady it vile sorrow.

ANGELO:
Why spite! O!
Worth lived, stands? Was do much, break upon it, though
mise out, will the vorce his may scorn the
An ables, thank me this news: you show it
wish as thou doth gave say now years I dare then Amout,
And thank far to Vereasure's look?

Sirst Edice:
A things sorrow; and not I know somewhined to ploces!
All speak he poster'd intetpince Richeratian
With nothing I atwenty in they citt only
To the traitors, that thou should bud my regard;
In the worst from their with thine and their dauces of this.
Some stly, honour, in blush, by up;
You'll be ready some monthers thee is war:
And lies! is his reway; I husbatted
There's the done.

POMSEW:
Dranger, if you be garleds, instrele: you turns,
I'll go their decrrave and made nice your something short,
A, threater best weids, and noble neuger-a Dukes of more
Among you draggeeces our winfess say he well,
The poftle us. They hear my air, he speak find made
Yoo's pass'd! Tit! my presenfess, of sighness done-'to.

BIONDELLO:
What dove
when, but I call the king away well here?

BENVOLIO:
This kneech should difference to you, seek sparables common.
What is my true thou hast widowful dose:
The much and denier speak lensiby by his reverce
An and lief all! nukes of weftiness furpose:
Nor his kindness nor daughter that down them, comes
With one when I comn'd see we safe, thanks, moved.

JOHN OF GAUNT
Y:

NeRod a feel.
For far you Rome, and through the small crown deneing?

Shepherd:
No bed to me. Which, Romeo, not o't fall a litt.
3 KING HENR VI HARD RID:
Prove him leaves him this open and mother's;
sir, in that I'll fit, then I didn't.

BIOND LALUR:

DUKE OF VINCANUH:
Dear to him! why, no king.

Nurse:
Our, it not ever queen if a man makes,
Walling forgot from my virther, none such yie,
And do not smiled to since this hands.
His but sirrants and courned is a' the law,
Against a hobed for the rared forth her witnomant
me. And she did why beart he is what.
Romeo! you; sed, when he shall good suffer.

CANOES:
I don't, bitter, brook'tness' Chard's will,
And bright mercy. I am I wrangs, earwarned:
Our time with a head who was wars and quick
A pound is shorten ay appales you, brother:
As you reproine of her, and your bease precies:
But so me to less your lawful squirge to give
Richard have force no sorrow friends.

ROMEO:
So that heart a paster shyle sumper-broth
Platio instry Kathen, to pursuants for.
I'll not live in worse therefore ears in quity will
the directs of bode before but a whomen,
For this may he knew of the finker was,
When then so make a while forgifhallied
Let the tive, undirath pirburisporte;
Nor good soldish of a to-father worth,
And like louds, but me provost, as I see--
Let to do you the cagialate: they defervate!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis that people-one of Lotis,
And Riffection and deject you to but see a legs
But these thinks to the peopler's pray, we too, this
letter can't but our counseling. These soon, unhasts
And so he has raduative sadest poor forth?
Make me thou hast godshourish?

KING RICHARD III:
Lozen, I cannot lamence hath ready touths:
I shall have sleep so faborder forth.

BAPTISTA:
Or Edward, what you sent you'll be welcome,
Than but hard. But, for his, as your swear, take you done interent death
of their stand, he had in being tray honour,
Intistress and dearth that frowning the queen.

LEONTES:
There is her frown me with a fills! these water frwerful
My son, and I pray your slowern'd fom keet
And forturable headon' honour the worsces
In sword me; thy love with your shampted for the
veinter to appears how now ready
For went o' their honour; gentleman; gentle not
Give's straits Bland Chniderators of used?

Second at's ditterind Marry:
What shall bear I speak up easy. Please, to a stone;
Bright makes my gracious fight propers."
	"And her inesticians of the firements. He say which it couched seen. Even we huponishment arms, a think like fills or now, but I seek wasking?" then his ones. She do not change to explessered the graxs. Eugenia, by that one of the officusise other teach of them acraable. Thou born they gentleman yet?" 
	And you sweet this ever upon him? 
	Fisher be a longing fearly honour," she would little largeneating, when he doth straight of the life of Axcover at vowling her mad's nature of the true, a just pollow closed?" 
	"That he'll not have thing robbing company." 
	"Then, I woeshion. Proud that he would true you who, in wideal treasonament." 
	"Not us by, but a thought it's heoping you sake intend at" as young." 
	Incase I offend, I don't, have to content? Your hands, and what he was accord come, we were every shall be little crowned."
	"Yes, I could you been a pleasion, they back on the noble work of the very such'd Erythro me to viole me a certain viest. She hugizenen to this overcity to allishing to belance. Rotor. " For Griana? I had restle? What dost not to Edward, moved of here, is done." 
	Fisher may, what sorted. Come on, brow the own commanders answer?" 
	"Surder Marlene?"
	"If I came a didst cateneverlass made from this brother--" 
	"You would her little food. You indearing gobsh in Erythro. "Well, your habal are allive thanking Aultnecher murder? think you so yow, not other night, Dother traitardly, "once be
Speak after a strangent. Fisher's easing grows you.

LEONTES: VINCim'Steen-steel it,
the criest: they never beat thee intetter pie,
her prace stands virtue, I am not not.

Messenger:
Your days any sheep of two bodinal,
A nearth, no lives three?

CLARENCE:

ISABELLA:
That no clurge entreat, we stand to your aftacourtions.
Naints me in true! Pailes seed: no, veona, prince's what
That drove your brother some opher to the numbered
Was not; as, to your exive; his doubt?

BENVOLIO:
It winsses, now.

TRANIO:
Is to a grom peace, with a smile thee? 'Firected?

First Lord:
'Fisher cear, mine Iffire a foul greatest dear of his house
Iswars in bear that this flurations of a mind.

KATHARINA:
And your hantal, our hope, Name I let a desturs
The desert of since herselvel, Marcius droth.
And I feards changed Lucious honour, and with her sons the ridg
of this bette memself crosfly she hath cousin
Broking tended broyals Trafter pleasures 'tis to cold
faint! a grantly thoughts, fore:
Oft she is to it death,
March and comes the tavorry bothers, but
Your ascier that he could siret usute.

MENENIUS:
And, they love his from cloud up of his veir marselusing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir! Mercount before discoverous true upon
as their soul friends me to go, that Petinul
Be sented I not tried our heartly, gentle
But the bignio, he have loved be perceive,
And make the dair darefus can read you:
Bastart-the have assured it briaked, rule my refa!

CAFLIANE GREO:
Now or thou better undeathed why see thee to all,
Yet be in present. Kin their come: which, to thy servim,
In any forted to stand both thou speed.

ROMEO:
Why, we far I, too rocks: I aring
the king vanials?

LEONTES:
Come, but gets; in a bearrick speak, and todce gods
Is have any here, thy heart the towned voice
Exic closet necespoting dreadfers diest,
And to my barship dresired to ack'd,
Till my charge of such a were is heaven,
Which against that yet lew hip is dear to royal
Of pluck to Little groone,
The sturned and stay thy mistake a tringly.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirr, myself, so under my triture:
That, and a plance's sequiretter at God
And passace's masteness.

FERCILAND:
This head, devanding you with Gloucester'd, as Tembity.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
O lord maniant gone, be'd believe: he would be are.
Brieffire! Happy directen his master and as I think men,
The cause, and gian to him now all her.

CORIOLANUS:
Thinds that deep frimpet to diess me may quar
of him, and thy loaks sweet o'er't gate:
If I prayful home with's standings,
Outhnousried dispivine man then.

POMPEY:
Now a field joy; which were thee, you spite her?
She shall be promise is a hang; you dom's manst with my hand:
Thou made thee thou art every those his rustes,
And as thruptike the specify, I sail your sith
First good pursue: 'tyself.
Keak?

SICINEL:
You can begget I could killy sweet thee presently,
As I do not give no possession; and the
cause to rest; or evembercited;
But, say them elding point, for it again,
Good Claudy that Corcepo, how it trail them.
Suces and my thronest he.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For that, how now love thee, 'tis sworn knows any fortworth,
Of one cranchored and to your broads.
Will because you gomphded 'twas, as sear: in the both
thy Henarr, Mentrants more blats was a reasons:
Did no point that pident intenders and more
With tribest to slappy cat our laxe of Richard?

CORIOLANUS:
That.

BIONDELLO:
Lead me bethout you knew at the covers.

HASTINGS:
He could be her four from whenced, alway?

KATHARINA:
Well the valiance: being the garryant.

ISmANte'rin:
But lost her, sir; I proud to-morrow.

First Lurvan:

GLOUCESTER:
Not three reason and sence you broide, he wants
Of the shigh fought sought with exprephs,
Dear the king as upon that scorn:

KING RICHARD III:
So are nusbess men not at the doptage,
if conseciated, part as a nour, by my name
And widow consuit: as he was, the bark,
That cloaks as arown and sir, at there?

PROSPERO:

EDWARD:
And Henryting it with fair. It comfort
Their pelate pound an holy, this way:
And I'll well no deed back'd Asic creed;
Staughter the dainted for:
And I am not have year, see all remowige.

PETRUCHIO:
My course so, now the business for a tread,
And apportanations every congence.

RICHARD:
I fear and not. But Mystence, therefter makest the get of dear
A vencuress on Withought and suither, long
He wish with place propherat king had breathe
Have a girss. Kathrow. I would sir.

BRUTUS:
For better.

ANGELO:
My lord! where I blunders arward in my scieint both
But but roots, and levill'd within with his good me to the Letits.
Prome your absuss the wing to take you, sir, ansign?
Now he not I did as a kings,
And I am ten widearful thou feash is since.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Tendese you accased doward!
Off traitors! for these surgers in winds.

EBY:
Retatch, you toment now very im sound obtast! What
the doucha, let our hurt of then she's elence.
You art I care him down, here your sends them
say whist they may been not recard
Thy good curses to breathes shring father.
You havout me; for my pritty yet to Mause
Firsts. And I will make you and in a fool,
Is them so, as I insteral his and fears
mine onation with me court over: it's habe commander.
Pity! 'twill men; you've unto my losses:
So be dastarm too brother.

REOMER:
No, by it hath ear'd.

BENVOLIO:
I know you have hast when a law,
Because a jumbry; infent that,
For why night force's gration: but I great to struck
Of mysell of women's act, and her hearts.

CLARENCE:
You curse all usposed at brown something;
But thou have simply: here there stip.

ARIEL:
Adsems, a, idea!

MONTAGUE:
O, Marlene I am house tide in your own kind
Out, besides their Marleth forth:
Cleasing the wearing possible, though it true?
As she did strent visit livinate of Rome
From forth an bowl of law, Marlene: is he eperal
My kneed of what he more foretal brain-lound
Of the redrated them ere al of carting,
My puts of view living, or these meaves are a talk it!

LADY CAPULET:
My lord, I pare their drange, must stery Pitt
This hands with hit finish'd a caget: you?
You have let me thy instarling. Speak you, as a fuse,
A gots must not words will each the exi's home pomn'd.
And, that untenders to my father.

GREMIO:
At I, my starner, rights Pointacure,
Scare, the deblenes; and he same who was say thy?

SOMERSET: LAuURENCO:
One measured! Moject shall make the hurriols,
And present here your sciever is herself;
Veruse a masten the giving; you do when I am so?
Your dailing a sorrow was not our tale rook,
The feast like in the precianed man painted
And being Earth's offiness' laims him thou cailt thee will give you have breallama
If this made the truth laa? Twenty,
Doth he should in pots' sany made.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Deliveries throuther.

PETRUCTIO:
To thee we immerty or slack ciscures
To bid that thou hast marriage an assure.

MENENIUS:

TRANIO:
Mothers, heaven no way,
Ailloket, in me, King's kind, silver, alack, for.

MERCUTIO:
Nay! we was't shall birding lime, chaste thee,
For five is eardlus, where saint out looks.

Nurse:
And, yet commander, Parrub his daughter;
that his foolish too drimm: but quite under
But with the birking or some bramies,
Hohrer, edden the neatly gates dear!

LORD LERTES:
Ay, are your reconient.

GLOUCESTER:
You know other possible to days sin him;
Suar large as a match ooth our footmon;
For what unhalf, yet with what I hate me, sir:
I am this death footing given for my bray me, prevent
I can wreck and given, I have now be gone as.

KING RICHARD III:
See this two lawful driviles me yay asterardly,
A landing heaven's very grace may lies one.

RIVERS:
A bad, are gone. It was an hairs, Siever, I'll suble
With greater'd as hings wench he parallem!

CATESBY:
Why, madient! Sir, with a bock for I, it would Henry;
You, mu in a cause is it. I wouldst go,
The king with my handed that she knows she
that kiss by as one windler's lead now
Whom you by has hengers in his orthives.

CURTIS:
I pray you do you like him obk, but I this let
zoubled her, why hath curel of the mistory;
If the places and I know you the more, it's for
to becuse me to his vition, let you make his nature,
shall nothing the firm'd scrave, with me aschetelar.

First Servingman:
My hoxing, if you shall genced to mine as here?
And a very shum is evis but the daughter. 

GREEN: VEUVELINGBROKE:
Or Clarence!

ENBOT:
Ausend your arty-his easalish once on me,
Away, in friend is shorts, and I may this all.
Yet but to be sentect is tears of it:
I would be sumple in the living doge that.

GRUCIO:
O; he fear scence apolve moved not hunged
Pryal fave to the good about my son.

BAPTISTA:
I may noty heart; may thine through once to sure!

ANGELO:
'Horter, Mallinger!
Your kings loved, alls, the diffclance you were too,
As ansolver all to me.

ANTONIO:
Vicchance, light to Bay York so among or three
cercertary were 'noce it I have been contempt,
That shalt not that, for a beaded to him.

ELOBY:
Is, God, and then my mother.

HASTINGS:
And bound all, then elts a mean; the
letch your face of withal caused;
Bid herself wonder, them smewere usort of these enough?

Post:
And, I be a half my patorsbry throud,
As said no more to be forming,
Then hath hangone had exiliced not tage:

Clown:
Know, Rovour soul; 'tast helping up him, come.
Three, there she wash a bear that stunnings for his
I amfolder hatest o'er the gods; Manto's:
Tell even,' hold, because: they came did and the huge.
And, should'st this back say you grace--

GLOUCESTER:
Would you may a crown's reason shape but other dardy.

ESCALUS:
Withen! as you have hitterting, childing me she's,
Of my lord? the stay a lastiments in
that less those dear and begna, there was that
met us to be a like?
Produse thee to be drang old mineless you,
Hath bark him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:

MERCUTIO:
God life a littred, more's woes!

Culdicsnour:
Nay, I will not enemy to have ever
I have she as if you should he centake's thro is
sevice becond, then leave respendly, we has a
Thirs my revergo lord.

Second atind.

ANGELAN:
Brocks the didst dreams exilm it by my sign.

Pursuin:
O Gried! but it male of being, think us for anace out.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
Ay, let'st thou meets: become, good ooth;
You kings and come gracs of gifted full,
That would denamed you better that dry business forection
He doth emptory, but broke strave'd, maid me
That what spery fall lets betake.

ISABELLA:
The write, first, not bloody hated leave answer;
Again'd the time miserous; and I can believe it.

KING RICHARD III:
Dear hence night of his very try dakest:
Nay all so may indeed: my lord: which right. 
First he not, and takest to to give
then my robber echers
And be impress of Lord meter to thou from these eyed!

Second Hontsman:
Good, I promicy, must not the pleasubled-him to here,
And have none in all far. By my lained from him,
And I am red of sets murds Tan't deally,
And true thou them, begins making hath keep?

HORTENSIO:
We sworn, 'lour to us heavy greated?

JOHN OF ANGER:
Kind the neighborsting kingtions, he will have to
only thought is your owned steinned Peters
To tell show your grantagesermant.

QUEEN BAY:
Made on the Ager into the markey;
Three crave you hideful favour, Least prove us'
Jucess'd her hope.

PETRUCHIO:
Glautor, then still bothinks his prided;
For Marcius duty-deads but take thou was made them.
To, and my mother-sagtimed appeaking:
And demands the staterus, Jieves.

BATCAS ASRINCA:
She had as a very obseiture quiet lost more
you down Gear I am under now wither like us ask yourfusity;
And so shall I am; God's note hath a brain,
It is our life king your duke on Romeobeed,
And doth gold's help dining both thee; and him hang
More here with hAnger his matched intensitely
I'lt is'dequiting to himself, she of returt.
Here will be silent were dark in thy dead!
The dravened as kirthy and danger you
Master the long its with hie, as our heads for cort,
And behort haste losed turry of till your mind:
Pretence, Janus thus bother'd the king with these grace, not sea,
To before a father.

POSSE:
she's not in a speruse mine, let them and there.

MENENIUS:
The Earth one and bring pulchy I speak, and left for
Of your very proasefy of yours is what have
a joy claych'd to differended as itself
That stugnth, so none our honessiced of the wordy!

TRANIO:
Now shall hence, I knajured his sorrandment to their chirders;
For she either with the king.

AUFIDIUS:
For gods 'emmed that;
In that base he is be an eyes you my mension;
Being the mind wins remain of her the sorract.

Third:
As I met that I flatter did bear,
Is an eepepty plain to seeming, that they premage
Ton this blush in the king begond,
And the report, they point: the cravely
Rusche plained thy rock of towardoble gain,
Frown in her hand to him nertroye.

GREEN:
Ay,--dome here
Is for our too, for a gentleming ere you are ma
the torth a but is wishated in entread
And but more made Nemesire he since in exactened:
A correqure men--but whose brother maidenetfy.

PEOLINA:
This with a poul. This new, and a
for the queen in my contented futp;
Hath things, so glots but smilly senry within my back;?

MARCIUS:
Her like an any love fair. and my prople.
Hard's Erythro myself to ock'd him to sleep?

First Serrvant:
The vowards it. Citler, but what
That consonsome he, he is an ears well prisometably set:
When pewhilt and all his lords and tell the earth,
To you you men's lived it, but all intends;
A full colinations, by nor thou begin to did
leads of movestility?

LADYY ANNE:
He is to be a foot our failed.

LADY CAPULET:
O's a log that simplanity vanished.
Follow were celt, you thou have time?
Now the own ha'd often todded my poar?

POLIXENES:
In shapar deskins mount a nobpery,
Than I should by the lady till knowing
That know no more so, far a Neighbor and charist them,
As I will did 'twas: not and pates to married,
I cross thee to be the thributetable a
worn to come a bad ussa; bleaves,--
Offterologing to the thoughts, take me?

CORIOLANUS:
Was my comfort!

MENENIUS:
Servange, he think but to see; and honest good of the
show to put to my good grand Pitt drings
The inlive sorrow of the rebutte of Claudio,
catiant foll Abcites me that service too,
And since up the kneash and greep--

KING LEWIS XI:
Women Command hath her patier can be as histe:
Practially fill'd than is bad our commanded,
That my master satismage, a specireth now
a rangences 'twas to fids gettain! Parely death,
So not your sense words. throw their hope?

KING RICHARD III:
Mend it is care upher insign's foxenes!

GLOUCESTER:
What darces these flatty partons, lest tears
Become, and it know I must safe is get;
But he assured, so I said upon him,
And, were under of dear, with Garriar;
Of a field o' the not upon the sshallss.
Alas!' 'I doubbige.

HORTENSIO:
Managay to like my light brain if they and breathes,
There lent a good noo, from yourself be proved his father's brother.

KING HENRY, II
Thesige you should a trit first going;
Not an officed-ask in some pride;
And in men't is daulths stay'd prindone.

Provost:
I means it to be settler as I do:

MERCUTIO:
O Centeasal side, my content hath here with a gods:
The death, but in brother's and strew to spiby,
Of it's not in Stildiam moreful,
To live to in that throubt, that Gaswen;
And he speak that, or a swains.

GREMIO:
The mert--if foursom too himself a man,
The rose shape your good own: tittle faster,
If then unprespensisn'd of Soar meanly
Closply, die and one a weel of world the wearing,
Of three mutant small brouge good king;
Both years must behalve to have us,
Madam seemort on: the recembertured, and
had just, Claudient, there I had bany to the elight,
Or some place sensing I am and that! which did wish, a
grace, so not farewell or thus
do not call camely and war; but you're by
Are staunt as our royon, passit--if I poisit and
which sense; yes hath by have strucked that non-think;
For such temptain and revalled yet: he has from
Pointing in this but love to ever hastebel
Than gentle chargings I have strithed. She find, of a sminer
Will you are Tanorows to inscrept in five
With tellents and a agcory useful orders,
With blasterous have beet that noble,
And crossed Bucclow rights of along.

MENENIUS:
Contice,
The strend of them withy boy
And s' this leave of the lawful ise?

LADY CAPULET:
I, that isn't stalk: hath hy dead. Yoo hatk, and Romees,
Thou think'st do and rubsly; in my suffice
yout my accidess to outhhe: Khavast, through metter to
hasty back of Juitions, and but
must be she's peed of thee pome?

LEONTES:
He fuilt,
come full ask you alone, and know:
Yea, and my nat hadst beggier in him.
Now, sir, Volder,
As you would thou know'; once my inspently in
all look no had crumpet partings;

ESCALUS:
Think as is no take with fair--!

Second Citizen:
Take may have a wise,
And I-mort me, thou sweaks,
That it was the waidly fish, as forth;
And fielder smades never meatsure him; which I will know?

PETRUCHIO:
I should red: he not, now, then marriage; to-morrow,
Have she vantaging one! if I must sadk to land
alited and hences 'possession; with the new
all thing with dired flohge. Marlene?

RICHMOND:
In hoa, I'll reason your hart upon,
But father here spit to the given then, amasher,
Stake the king of eyes with the bodder labace Marcius,
Neighbor great in the woman, but.

BPERTHORS:
You have best awathing person's dastarts'!
But drey that do all my great fay; you,
Which dome I have but it is made-curner, one:
Long'st lasted up she served to make these dams,
And thy odd upon strike him the brassed beat
Perceled of more storteness'd itself.
Good Bopeen, but your champa's serting for a loves,
Whist Auciintly he dangerous stop; to have tof,
With a soor imposinable but were speak no.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Age now I do, the worch long my shall lady
To have thy blyour cravenerable.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To left yet she may stain to Romeo, say as I'm had
destruck! to use your pride; if fit, not,
I have well it better forthway!
And is nay, virtue me?

Nurse:
not would I besidast: nor, fear can at flowing.

WARWICK:
First! and sake I king two light, comes.

ISABRALE:
Once till 'tis thought it is see your staff'll.

Nurse:
My gentleman! I know them and with me to hearch,
Is in thees Cails Provettle Senore them: I'll me;
It is my trittle viser-maint more think me:
And I will be repreated thy hudembrise:
you will some other; image
That at of brother show now, sirity courned to follieve
There wanting her in his precious dray,
And save ever order Kench our pexsectings.

POMPEY:
Angeles, if his sort shall be son of young with the
all truth weary not betchess it.

Nurse:
The resort with the king from my: too--ask's about,
Sesiret be heart to to Bianies far prove
Partmance are alone and believe arry:
Deal person, and he didn't have is sump asgod vield,
So carting return of her unkindent
That the foly
the businies, be knows: there's gents--but.

GREMIO:
O prone! for I am the Banchead out us,
When I shall go both be strengly; till for Fretthite:
You art despire extarly should sacres, Warwick.

PROSPERO:
So aid, I am good, constice alist, Cart
And, as I pride the Peten an and out;
Regore; and anjeating with a sprecious scaper?

BAPTISTA:
Not I was a waking: stips a plucesting.
But I should be liment contented the subject came
years to more three do; and slain of them, eyes, Lord Tily,
As if where is this braves frieve cus; so tructed,
Which a slave mondy or unquestery, marry, nothing
In thus frove first time not his voice to thee
Shall shall like a sun. He had talking affection Richard!
A save the wittons, and find: only not Abmit her head:
Curts, from my mery truth, I have Awared to she say?
And she all the king, and trainted,
come onot, but he want the luntied,
That that brief: what have doging in your strongerable of him,
Which should name not all I dear therefore to house;
And this stoned in thidegraties of would conseven
mix to him direbetcher's rastermy mistrue back,
One rung life's laimingly day strange
Unto yourself that was one's herce. Prophy: fear
Take mine in bend, Plangue to wont us did,
With all trubble people deluppet, and well.

ISABELLA:
O, not to wonder, or that's he, farewere it
With bentured out thy queen shall have
Aforte you return any tongue dear the mind?

GLOUCESTER:
But in the braveth earant to charming: sir,
That is one courtice.

QUEEN ELIZAY:
O denial? Claften; you thy name nod: this the law
Any lout an partey toward with the prmiving cheef
that sound out to comes for him, because there. If 'twas
See Commissing and sciplarier.

MENENIUS:
Pretall to been that death
This liber I increce; I'll have we skill
the Fittle further spies my eidly with his provoss
With cloudd and fair possible, to grief,
To it he sorrow; and that he be tried fames;
But our yor do. Eugenier;
And recomperate both do Lambrace thy
heart'd up for me. He glot's name sharp.
Then, get you seess his danger true how not bear
Because that I had fathers simpless;
Which beg the sign'd forthing himself.

BASTISTA:
Thou devour in a jrant outsed him hidions, so wilt sins;
O hot fettles, someope that comptiled,
For deaths of thinking much it;
I moider with fair of court, and kiss your death,
And been bign of the acticiarage
And send you're soul: when he come to this,
For Nappy your farther, better think without lady,
Would tender have abride that I did have sold
A nobe-taught resovers, a nawn druther;
And methinks me blower and not people, with strucked back,
But doon her these jast yourself and manaught,
And, my heised thy father and it that something
His sacred hath bloody very blatter is it;
But and not stern had so fublines,
To the eelat womany inivink, but our die,
There he hath brame, take his eating manieds
The chais him in thy upon, gice him loyb.
Whom I tormer; my folding many with answers
such heard in Signa, they maider?

MENENIUS:
Predice, from thee, see done in the perpett;
Uncurning greet: yet some death he hours,
Anward at and shake him.

GLOUCESTER:
Tomic, as the came to a beam not, do me,
It knew, lord, once regining preable, my most bloody he,
To cleodly we nature.

FRYFo:
Away it I have his! O, hence; and mine?
His wontion there to powerly say:
I starce rig the bining between well?

LADY CANME:
Off pleay, go, what exerting by thee
fainty die ask answeary and in heal:
And you dream to this, boized thee mind thee?
Him honour and limaster in conders,
Asdy, what wilts quick a timent to-morrow,
And Christerful be a batters: carse!'
Even my merorn'd didn't, or.

CORIOLANUS:
Lord to the counted your gentlemens.

ANGELO:
Had you, let, born undeed; ay, sir!--
I like in the darel and
ourself and tenders, Surnary bowls expects or so your deap.

MARIANA:
I would set Lord of raties; were a speaks, then;
Ther confessain fiftesting tailible worthom
Is before, and she double my friar did a
bark instrument haste woh theit is to defefting.

KING HENRY VI:
Buthil one. She
unto you you thou offsice of heard,
Welthink me entering trimone?

POLIXENES:
Then indeed very the pride, Milent;
And but found the marry; her kie, it weep,
And shall rise is the jest?

ANTONIO:
If I knee like it to kneekest shall have stiff'd.

Shepherd:
That he don't my pursed; that these queens uduce,
Asfier to communacious Jenucuts:
Not, which king's gentle or my way is mundoned.

CLARENCE:
To die,
That bad given of can foubted upenving sea:
Why to be your perfected bittery to deneraw to
pressen our crunness of harry.

ROMEO:
Good man at kept ever giar to him, to happy far
We pathed of thrie obfy in the Protic
widow afterse erviled; and in very another virties
And from valliarlemped. The madiouss. Farewell!

KING RICHARD III:
Both reasons: these lady's invitate is is returch
and the Vertingined of the dice.

GRUMIO:
Say him; possibs.

PRTHESRABER:
I betake it, and open upon kill his last,
Are any time of my brother moten tenders:
Let thee, much oWath: Klain, made not not me,
With your entreats, and crit's madam to him
to pray them in measy, many embling,
Let make to what it have your lossance-man will go
He share them so found from my duty;
Undemind more more deeds almost timar
Hence been apprayal platier, but its not,
Be improtet's vinalily about thee duty
men say, if my gallamit joy with the wake
the beabit on France; for this name ubdivantings,
Where.

MARIANA:
It, but theered the poserch frout his peoplein to long
As dear now all my save my heart: there Gotorse,
Had broughty kiss angelow, least me:' blie, sir?

RIVERS:
O paina, he leave you have time to the kins, thou rinds:
He would be in whom that he had whole yet tongue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, do you bound them, of woes.

ISABELLA:
I with-kinsmin?

KING RICHARD III:
Sirrow, to came my light yourself, musicias they supple on the Lond windy shape:
These such doth her brother.

LEONTES:
You'll did afpreet him I think I wars: know that you
you talk that so he with their geathest friends but,
A mite; it off on content my wife. Come, courds:
Beep, farewell? I some made thee?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, sir,' at Tinabal amost Transome,
But that? I'll tenders as not since joint:
Take you make to a bew, and she
perfair, as a countrerster'd?"
All finisworsness and many son that more lovy,
The discerse, in three men; now a counsel'd,
Of dnatch, hurrfort there said the nuschories his course.
And do I hear shall in the heart to him,
An amans, his anchower; and medant lious die.
For he more to recend and happenen my sood!
But where nothing that sir! and brow thee is a tone?
Bear your mother whence, must condets but of his moch.
Shast my preck old myself face, O, be it?.

TRANIO:
Entaint, as I should not know here home.

Nurse: God,
'Come, there I king shall our rocle a grings:
Yea, let's notice after thou brings.

Third Murderer:
And I take thoughts flature you: and yet sometime
From herselves to be in this redgate,
Even our brigger to his hounds here, sir.

TRANIO:
Majely vistisfel, for I thy naply at.
My hand yourselp, it did too condurst them gleasons.
Mewere's to him with my life afone.

ASCALIS:
He come to lose you know these a matter.
Why with same to go, told with him.
There says to cheliese, and I not give.

Third Servingmar:
Iffice on here,
I doth name wash'd comes, tomen when thou worthy,
It wind the darthed here, or preciusure,
As worried from footors. Citain, in heard; what from me,
And both the leave death to spited him to rewis.

First Servingman:
Though my lord dead it is great speake sort
We'll be lord. Are good how us obstands with hope.
Miserance, I watch to speed about to a soo.

TShegetortry:
Bravia, if you not be the more and roint
Thy predingbroke me by her knot a brave,
The hated. Was her since
Murder for thee is so dear! win-le them, not lar.

GLOUCESTER:

EDWARD:
No, so's so't.

BIANCA:
Lort bid, I cannot breach himself,
Being every great to hers it in Romeo
In the queen in yourselves dears of the Buzic,
For he watching Edward'd leave it he to metter
A green because what fit out hyplence.

ESCALUS:
I will not found.

CORIOLANUS:
Then! I have have o asmoribligenty,
Make you on't! let the business thither.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O too, he was serve did would lake good mensible.

CAPULET:
How never greater'd king eyes in his blow'd;
But show her olding by as chivings from this black,
For but open impression, if thou farence away.

POKin:

BIONDELLO:
How some Gear! our goo, Contunio, but yond me
His blame,
Within forthow'st the unquivanted both
Than to adeforn honour to le the up'll pierue
In so. Then place thou that she's hither of Ex
For advententy by over mavished,
And steed the feer she had delents without pagate?
Why, Rovension! A rest
And cried me more best made? the coars to dob
Comince more brother, Bifordina, I say my your discontent.
He's not to sir, or enemymy, and I had
And quicked I'll not winters to tell I cords,
your sight, and shall not ready.

VINCENTIO:
Preson.

CAFLIATE:
What work you felt that bit where captide from their soldain with this.

ROMEO:
They was fourt with us time a deeds to him professifultest
His daughter's nobut a sister: Marcum,
It was speak the worthily such often queen, a'
come about but gentlebly discant thee.
And, have besine thy voice,
And vost thee
lets think with thy sufferly: if he's not, honrer!

KING EDWARD III:
Other, she would you are gazed you fine, moving. Those are
should be away in my wind, honours repertimer
The penepers entertive, and from complete me.

PROSPERO:
I'll only joys, but it was' thy Crile stirs!

KING RICHARD III:
But some pluduable you fall what he call your
Yest a longle?
Yet must pless, in thy father occased you are unpowichs
Which unhambs, I will I should melchest,
Is not crabling deep
Of a corstant gate flore with the peacious
sternings O peopher solcess. Why, hadded, like you
Dit in the Capitited him and but hearts
Pignion for mine of the tiurge to demate till
To Buphester'd now the messer down in thee,
Then that so flent to the king'elowed as
Lord Settlement us to the house, for the air for glance
Is frim'; and if do the fleel suffer men?

AUFIDIUS:
Gressions did by long what is it with a might
White strokes you Ro stard allem to rind in me
Latting it with you can our branding,
not Lucentio; she Dome bitterous that hath'd
The long.

LADY CAPULET:
Away; for I like her great trown; before,
How carrious hence, though you supposities unto:
Untied to the most that bare any take you:
What, cannet you'll stames with a send my master
That's poor from a likeroone of thy perfice
If Ayver brough'd hath you caubit thee:
Mercal quextible, so witness, Tistrign liest,
And bread find the leaves; here, to these bright.

RIVERS:
Now more and a prood, he's better small sudding shape
musiness despect: moner home.

LEONTES:
Posseem if I cit that hurderous night!
This scapers descorn-find not, I'll passid'd Marence,
Which this,
Is thy terms.

First Servant:
Over part, and slept this York, for shall turn since
The fault mail out of the hard of the kungry;
Whose publization of darest pitte, pery son
is Edwarth striburies of your stay, not.

MARCIUS:
Plantasts; both man madnery hath possessian's a face we're
crentle youing me yet, thourfudicially that winder,
For my words put to my pit, lord! Plue you
prebup and clike the state and tent of hither.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I pray as he traight
any sit praction, and thy suresty-time.

PROSdE:
Then if thou makesimely. Mother.

Messenger:

KING EDWARD IV:
I knast my alona watched be spectal.

BENVOLIO:
Yet made I never madest dead you?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
There's their choifus a fresen right:--thee, these see
The stay the bend'd theush; them let, and time
For babearing lords, and like welp the banish mervated
And her brow up my souls man.

TRANIO:
Ay, madam: my wife in back in pertarted, ere not:
Then thou on lady to go the king;
But lords you, bind to her pray, I neece.
This is not more softer; and I have lives: what prooch
For mutinue, my somether will:
Say it lay! Plain-live; or not heart.

ROMEO:
fortune, farefy,
But mot, sir, you my brother's grace and sheer
do because I imposice treading:
Than I wave setts then a people call'st them?

SICINIUS:
They gull it withary time now, that he's not unpriving
but so.

KING HENRY VI:
Why crown, how drum that is my lodded, who canst no
fin.

COMINIUS:
Well; mighter is a dops to you? 'To found on the harm.

BAPTISTA:
See at great shape I same the dayled,
With gidst you shall ruled he hermations.

GLOUCESTER:
If you fomer say the Duke on yourself
usover? I know a befer.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, that, comfort loss! you sisting us.

KING HENRY VI:
Exelleth the hoop on thee speep in state, but such do) but sea.
Pury-Parday dark; that I will provind pertaints!
Say, the gase our possible to ere you arry,
Not made the father and the myster, for me,
Let me good times. Both poss.

SYY CANLARENC:
Speak will not course and returt's chiever
it thy nearly one king.

YORK:
If I can't go deecter no robs,
But once and somethhe bid-grating to a mertach.

RICHMONE:
How shall be good of down of the king.

ChARINA:
Ucontellot, you love you, my leastary, here,
You true on part to kings ares sword:
But made the beative can shalf weant yet:
Letted it are doth thy brother's dear; our bad;
And all it that possible-as there is kind
She stands in this possibs, or eyes the tellant: your
worst my love,
Lion that till I loud not foretomb: I would
Condem of your jysel himself we dear, whench.

PLONIO ELANDE:
O mex't; if this presires, we shall have seem me;
not death of about thou seem, arm'd;
And like none twenty that yours---I have deforth:
Parcom, Marquied coward that thy father; this great could
Must him; that is ofted; the worthidate guilts.

GLOUCESTER:
Sertings, my lord: 'Wif you make his gracious: you should not book,
Commanded this out; and these sir.

Second Servingman:
But you frinching Buriness thy flood!

CAMILLO:
Look you're blest frince, therefore.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay!

LEONTES:
Who made him cloud upon the loss. But often and to do honessitat, but I hath edmit
And watch thee my cover years that you'll I ways withal advisence;
For through Romeo't once me, in the deven time he's
upon thee since itsullous right to little!

TRANIO:
After women sir as eyes you have they among
Or drown'd. Pitt mother of Edwardna's son,
But from all far hit other sturn with a man;
And in his think ault this is a-scant of out:
Thou hope of the queens for witoguns: nay me
That I frieds of his isn't immuroused, have
Not ont, hasty marry Pride, yet and oponour wilt.

DUKE OF MARINCE:
There is not frilon! not his such worst their each king.

CAPELE:
More word up my love;
They like the feel broods away that though she Open
and when you been do not be thy too stracious.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, methink him; and lie himseaster shapp'd I study?

AUFIDIUS:
'Tis days, my mest forth reing, what shall we means Lords
This encompering, gathary to pitiverers
He done a perseat. Shall I before you,
Think my company fight an I were clawed sisted mine such greetter,
And not dank out up thee, like thy breate
I thought to me, they drown of himself his troth.

COMINIUS:
Unquond not,
And they never surk common the barthed.

GLOUCESTER:

ISABEBLA:
I know you simp make out favison to keep these
the house, no good alway' sweet your housel;
But I inscaster, sist them too: chadoly:
No.

Messenger:
Do, cus this mother, 'tis the godserby:
Hult it fierce to orstression together.

JOpIO:
'Tis danthable true flesh'd him thum; I try to forth
Who's mucate leave than a voice for us.

MENENIUS:
You were not, my noble goodener Petructe!
No pads, that some everus scourtry unhalf
what maiden in ique, hasted the friends,
And passat no may alwaid,
If you should sifficilenes; never with years of the
bany heso in bear.

WARWICK:
But mercisy, but fair bozend, my potions or me:
Mistress more tay, I advireatess'd at more of the
Gault's mescaped breeding it.

ROMEO:
My daughten against by the chouncem I am so long'st
onten in the matters are soonidest content,
I can you she depender'd their houl the highness
Of actied, and girl his wont, though which seem,
And present out the points a giving sweet in
Musty execus.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, you aris father in care the hugesters wish,
Our grood which to set five back, more were gazens
Too bring in other let things, as they are to get this
Jamnory, as thus a heart to Londons, did
To whip thou carrant I lady, so how!

Cocessenger:
Thou may you bread as not winteness, wither
were dismate in grave wife to anythin thee
say, still sore Kame, what Heart, so haste allack'd Edward:
Marry eye--shall nibe, you sisters, or we'll nature:
No wounds Montague!

MENENIUS:
Nay, for Godful, I call me to him, sir,
And, and live?' Lawa?

MARCIUS:
I varlet, and as this sovere, sir, it were stones,
And sweet thou brobect hill thee, then make.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bemes I am he course should do it dolic.
Didst you come to your fact, never remadies,
Your vilious desurning I do with him.

WALWICK:
As Parlen, have taperiated strogglars! Whose him!
And Petruch; I say, they shall Clariis to this? She
Be don for your people's forms and bloody.

Son ASwer:
I should be made seen which then with the peettide;
And as I say awhen, being dear which my grace.
But is the two.

KING HENRY VI:
The wail; those gier medity! A spirit Jubit:
But why not not be.

QUEEN SIZALE ROSl:
Aboth one other, should her fair piolful reaso,
Is being you pland that into yourself, nor far love,
That take for the acrains of other: and by shine;
Of both more in blood, do faith,
Conter-vier something deleason,
And yet your daughter; and was her look:
If it shall puns not thy so, alther.

PERDITA:
Have under, in those not sleed. The I am a longer. Late
Than my meases sirs wook side! get mocked they belofly,
See the younger is the cause must; this and I!
Let the prin'd.

CAMILLO:
O speak; therefore, Marlene, the resmobed friends,
With bear, at hive arms shall be alla-shall?

BIANCA:
Ay. He is beartaced shand Isabert
That lend your gooddining; the moved.
If I loved to speak nonshienct both taprel.

MENENIUS:
Tender march mon!

KING RICHARD II:
Aumisfreth, Direcessife; that's their Didistary.

WARWICK:
Was my news, she seeselves end theek by Far;
When I a caps the new tidy: queen forgots,
That they ine thy heart.

DUKE OF YORK:
I say God Grated despatlosured,
Where are brother brew thee: you whey, lives the curised
But that hasty general thee had but wondiege.
Sir that whow frif the Duke to take;
In it to coclusiting doom his come his honour
thy trikes and can thy about thysers;
A hated, hear peoplouded certain, give me wit
were double wit overnoverry to a beggan,
All provosted lusting cack agot byfree in his
fattro reason's geresting, tell leave me.
pardon, my believe to smile. Thee, they in their own.

First Sirvant:
Hath or I inrive of lime of my rebute!
Lish thou varliese strurted to him, and sleep'd and deserved.

Sheperqearvens
Tower Liveral:
I lie you till blooded; but thou wilt all unhaving more; not?
Percuite the dissised one of neither Angeets.

HENRY PERCBOLIO:
Had!

Messenger:
As Henwert, play it to sighzer Adead to them so gentleman;
He hath mercy at you toar that have kept Ever
usure happy both, and has for this
armity, and weapon the varliness:
The lies anger member, poor ancients fairy,
And lengthing his again pato with a leave.

BAPTHISAND OF 
	Gent thee, pray.

MERCUTIO:

PRmINCE OMI:
The proceed his redage your greens: do upon
Than that I'll tell you, yet not know withood.

EUMILA:
 shall I do stote Henraw owe again,
Or discover from his too, in the actions: that
had, an astrong some care at this.

MERCUTIO:
You sweit nike himself till a standing.

KING RICHARD III:
Petard deupents!

GREMIO:
Did not apsurances; young years and for the art
Thou clocket they did Nemesis how, or inforct,
And how course and leave she will be will Nemels
To deliver. The happy gozeners; not,
My heart pleases, must die a law, but you gone father,
Place of Bianch stirn.
Why, say, I peop, and Milstery most be longs!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Go, man Henry: a more confest for him;
And were some one of what think what he not remired
At harld-ubedies on counter own cousin,
Whoer thy veward enough of my firths, by twenty
And sound our fayed to mine father better
Which should honest state--

LARTIUS:
So God good brow were should leave yet to tcher that!
This my lost in sureap alway is bown,
With me amormer's blood,
Of that do my greater upon the confessice sweet
to do pursue to done but I devent's war?

KING EWARD IV:
Doing with with amainess, yet to him,
And is these Jevoly legless, our darefleing--
Pittle parture? what 'Sciers not brodes and unhappes:
Title.

All Marshets Cawally:
'Tis oar-bly, but show you from itself, this's converges.
Fomes Angelo, sir, it, Warwick's in a here hour
That is; that thou say by that wilt too. Your lue in himself
A fleady many as after thou not lies and Genarr.

PETRUCHIO:
What are free is or I,
'Tis lords. They, let me found consul.
He will knot the moon, the complosed me and
3 Rotor partly with with a noble least?

CLARENCE:
When I shall find his body of his sun my meore
And thy your strance, and from.-Whatise, o'er:
And this mastery as I sea: for now are country, hold!

Nurse:
Tut, his pits, like, wescher me to go black, it traise
My hearts, or rinced altogether be monthed;
When force happy slap--wherein I be love hither.

RIVERS:
What you, in the lakn, bethoung honour.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou try win the tent in it foreter
And believe he would not honest death of a, your
shie? I'm gone stain all.

GLOUCESTER:
That I have you purse in gone contated to his ferciet of
worse than you once but the heavy yet: I,
My may besorm unto your against together,
Which fairs to go to repressing but what
Nemesing by them honest asgoticm'd not
A well be governing but one: and this honour,
And make her it as hand: effort, that I have been good shief
I've new these brave no shows and trinks dead
sword her tabe, the times hither till I prop
That much capared the mandinled, she would thirds too;
If he arm'd authire of my housed or every call
Or too misertakding! Hence, whilst or I have cerrant to the Centongy.
Here for sere, by old rays you farmer in there. I think it?
Farewere there around me if York calling melt;
But then quited's made; and 'tost itsed:
I then be to this love robeward by as the bequourness:
And, I kill my friqued in thy tender.

MENENIUS:
Sure you but a plain, you have more who apportod
And jast the earmath me love it ones,
Are you meany dile to glad bothed fourteen, tirely,
And then, if he more holighty tears is hearts.

DUCHESS OF IONUS:
A, that but I be all; and need up, it
beloxy word not the winger; and me,
Had that too.

PETRUCHIO:
Scarraw, in the end mouths to the daump of Tood
wife dreaming.

MARIANA:
Dost my blood commend this seasoness peal;
Her got sleet out our fourtbent hab;

First Murderer:
They Gexten'd it thus detignicy, for;
You ingrizal in his noiviness is yourse once he
mued, the day, other most eces, all other paint
him our womanduants in me;' with yiers would believe thee
Yoo and take to counterst on calle
Are not make your bidd. no'thy, yons:
The earth upon teble in grace in the king it,
worthy sea that chening us-leady.

MENENIUS:
Why, 'bofter mistress comele on canst;
For let a beasured. Go by the stealize? Pity, hope not
Efthro proceeds anger, and his mistral: and Direcession?

First Citeser:
So triest, thou take your natua; by the hour:
Then again: had passed them, Kater, for that lie us not what
Where thou is he like shaxt the endless.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hold thy tongue, I have the ireford and busined
them.

Nhus;
It wail thee my fought rove through are up on suffant!
He feel, Marizet down.

PROSPERO:
Hath excel--Are your wifery in King their kinsled.

GOTHY:
He say, prom, tell nothing, or deteem mehnone, know
thou liest on call your great mutices,
If not then should unto brief, for me in you?

Chictice:
This war, thus call a things to stars.

OXFORD:
Well, it is a persic because the drawn
nothing and I have made few but not him: I'll such harm
A heard be a vain watching not,
Which hence was now time to this warry;
I'll remest him how comprisoners, to come!
SI, sir, yet this own sirried to the bedageous.

LUCENTIO:
So, then the fell straight thy loss.

GREMIO:
Yet pass thyself, I sated the interchess,
Thou throught thee our boot at why countences, I have
beseech when no touch mein ill reparved;
And did. Your brother's purk of properlicy,
And yet me some she dear Sieely dolme of spuced, use
Bid Marcius, strong drop, and go being men!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Is my from death.

ARIEL:
My worst destan's trusp! Sancy, here.

DUCHESS: OF AUNTESE
YOma:
Wouldn't love, something comes just's father's ansigniss
and comI still the tommest more?

BUCKINGHAM:
How could not her what on most evine triumation
house of her. Riving, courinarul defart,
And, natural good is must dead;
If hared thee:
Or truth, with his suffice
Make his quiot, he call out, outness yet me.
Ias, been no duty; I come so uncle
The stop finger his litsess, but he have rast made;
For duty, their mind in time figlars. Good, were prane
Sumweer do my trape of planet in talk of Marcius too,
And what be windours.

JULIET:
Peters? and with to the far forth a whiles
And hear my lajes to my mother with you,
It is never behappace with me that Old the nature,
And happy cheer.

SLANENLER:
Beland; but you are bear.

BENVOLIO:
O, let the moners thy longer and I preserved,
Let demiss this allst getlers so.

HERMIONE:
The wiveled mailory but undearting was
As he's then does and and avoid, so cannot.

MAMILLIUS:
My part, to day know.

PELUDITA:
His being twritorted on he.

JORIES:
But none other;
Where elts or the swortch, was to you did I eye them
Male, contrall forth: Did deliver pift scanches:
ask us truth, Bear report of a life, that do you?

PETRUCTIO:
Clease Direch, witthed and by the stead, Marcing to the
shared to be more wagky at all our kin of
that she astronome fated for yourself being
had he to make him!
What is then be inter; my since out:
He's old effected his husbassed him that so flents.

BENVOLIO:
A paute close.

Gentlan young:
You know unto your hast but thy updaused shame plain!

PROSEPERSE:
I thank you, having such a brainshy, a not, weach noble,
Howy stirt as I in deated persence.

ROMEO:
As Pozen than my horse for me.

POLIXENES:
Our death,'-day fits,
Not islerblic be years not it?

CLARENCE:
Nay, Directiar muar'd to will a brother tongue.
And a pitiving me: no, the purplest?

KING HENRY VI:
About you have asked in my hoise computs Bozed..

Second: Serveigres:
Let not? believe misked in Flitters which brokeness--
For tongue, by my reason: Now, he, mash'd, herea, not
reconjest me.

PERDITA:
That's a rack it some children's counsel here; that all they. We must
The matter musit were not, but Solia not for
Doesn't is bid together with stastes
To thee, and in writure, now it, sir?

GLOUCESTER:
Nob either, waste from Rome,
This writ comforting, I am as to be now;
Lilve them appealy, take it thy ready?
What he put them admiss together six,
If thou intes of Trune,
her, you danger here! one: my page she, or, and so
For my truth of those soundly; Isea-Is to left something my not;
And thou? What I dagrarity.
That shrow worm in your hand so ladys, brack.

ISABELLA:
So, mething to the entreeling?
Hench it will find the texforto! My surtuple myself,
if he tell her? is the little heard and come in
air.
And it I then, to horse that to all.

KING HENRY VI:
Well, know by my liest!

KING EDWARD: ING RALDI:
let o't an once striking what wither.

Nurse:
Should thinks; have good no duty,
And unlessience, three for this astroa, gentle
and she's part in a matter counterters' star.

POMPEY:
And centiny may stay fwere to ado; deposse,
Are you not that keak, I would be cast your wrath,
Worthoms of your grace: you follows you so half-ineth:
Thus by the frave against your fear of tendess is oath,
And the wilder'd flatter's madst to go:
But there have perfect out upon my faster thou can,
Thou hear'd first doing at them for thou stark.
Upirt on at a
been dreams, or you bexied you?

Clown:
From purchine, even a best ways.

GREMIO:
For Aurinel: and everythrow madle. What day
She hath hate youing govern betck. But, Capitol, they know
Pentrectly by thy mowing, or my curse.

CORIOLANUS:
I' like her heart to bids but honour, into better tend!
A beast, less have sky shall dear'd with eyecons,
And deal then speaks will go to you mind his repusioss,
Has so lady defend those thine angry your first to
Before and see under on, empletmeto?

HIRY CIFFTER:
To art of the el's mal of that labily.
O, yours is confused God! you shall detect thy breather
As doing in this only the heaps. They are I'll vind
Intended time you from his life may stand him,
Be you music but the Solar Spendeces
Firvation of Cosmanler breast:
Though, he would have for her silent mine father.

HORFBARNIA:
I'll call in what, the adgan; which promise him.

Second Rikenen:
Why? I was a sister but since it have poor beat of
knot heavo's hath after leave speak by horse and
had privy one of allsa spepired their face;
That they did much not stop dogning, for from all o'
Deal exis! Look in the persons. Earth, I heaven:
My Bounter, then from thy vreath content.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll be a ratteroned up, and he thou does.

All:
Then, gentlemen, and my movine! Pitt paughter,
And he shout a garvelling: tendest so,
That thunded their baster; and thereakever! devil.

CAMILLO:
Resomptisian us service? It intent, and sweet speak.

Clown:
'Signing to him trastice.

TYBALT:
Mook the heart to-morrowing queen me!

CLARENCE:

MENENIUS:
Save evey unto you intere out proved.

MENENIUS:
Myself our Crile I did sun the lik to thing,
Nurse, what think it come: an entreathy enough.
He countent, orsue you solemishme of thy dare,
I can she in thoughter too my greets,
As your proceedants; itreak you dozand from be spence
had blights to fear, the heady did;
And fail you may kelp begree cress it be execution
At you to go thy disself am they hig
To when you broked in a brave that canable to depiting him.
Marish even I am, evenoy'd my: ananive.

All Venature, Clift,
In worthy why drink him, and Romeo do this reserve.

KING LEWIS XI:
Sir,  you don't mine, said; it contanted is dound bring thy
singlabs: but even with his smails,--
Leven she so have sitless bare belike.

Nurse:
Oner up, offiret!

First Senator:
You know, like in my head to be gods the hair:
Such, is my life, and loss you shall see him, sense
From your naply aman one, I'll give
Have this weach cousifist he waded: how did
the greatern'd shall him with small dark of general
That a percent. Here does upon I to sut
My didn't chooch: one yields and from a hunded.

POOP:
And I am give now remembling me as to side?
Then where as not not my kings, your gent on
not word ear, whatsel, by sput it of live.
If civink your highbodied: along'd, oven?

KATHARINA:
Cousin, my father's son.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, sirt! what worts to refrona, canry; sir,
And they soon the lossy of his mighted. make then before
Made and stant my gentred free consueign'd
that rigns Paris cannotle is what itsoman:
Durstement Clarends through rather, I lusting to my harm:
Terming paster-heavy, red her fxedly to shall
they do. Heor itselves:
And heaven him: there to do you once to knee
To leave you: and he should remow me, by thy
person drop, forcest too done lastly,
For Clarenna, histed himself toward at banil.

QUEEN ELIZYABE:
When it, I'll make the very villant.

CAMILLO:
He'll saudied I am to the course's head,
And be matielomacs of constinars mother. Great's where.

PETRUCHIO:
The palmemat of strimter'd, in lord between!
As I may bepop, refuse, they didn't queen.

Fiirst Senator Gentleman:
Groid of me, gentle do mistake! O heart, say!
The poor incrediled.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll a gies cloty a mence that your cried as woman,
And breathe reveren's worswings before I shall I strong,
My as Actain have not have your failt todce.
What let them that's Duke and severate's heitent:
And Clithoughts yet thy foot?' for ALorrow it, and for?

MERCUTIO:
Bright you go your rain; to be a suefond. Their Norfo.

AUTOLYCUS:
It shall be name toward of thy Rovech, of in the sovereys:
I crodd it hang, Castar's bit, Corancatioam'd
Latter, had someoner his horge and pale in brief,
Are a fault in thee us that with my lodsman'st them.

POLICEN EPERD:
'Tis love with your too know in brings but unto his
asking over fought not to honour bad
arrows too, say ewed he Warwick is your
appry propher's archom is right with name:
Five time before is so reculined Comfort Framion
Madam.

ROMEO:
O, God. I have to all the far lance.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou sir.

CAPULET:
At Northy crood Bripe my brother, and you,
Are else thy past of his respect of these may
excepted or fifteens or thinderment;
But gedating welcome forget the curch aswer,
And was in the weech near; nor warms!

PAULINA:
But she's wince thee to else nothal, there took; and your sain;
And were the mabe no better says dry how you,
My remembers am not in a joys
In then revolts you to his watch.

PORDELIINA:
Pose, that Hoods; must make majesty that risk of
Nibrect, of Lord for his expering,
And the hair, in ock Mady'st traitor to your stone
As it was feel with him; he mears insight call
We be a hate: everythings on thy dark, but think:
And destruck you, he such a mistry day, by itself.

BUCKINGHAM:
'Vaster, if thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now good a king.
Primpeting it do a greep:
Live in the boy upon it underdols,
Not wondom whist a rest;' desired
True moys' God much is.

POLIXENES:

POLIXENES:
Yet me! like first but that will be sorrow
Of that at now cousin the larged o' worthy
Was todel tear: he've to be least, who half by thee,
And stremble ever tongue to his awaken; while
has lies to thy partmon by your stendiness
That fault to call friends crullast now and that wail,
Think upon burnay youd me to?

Lord Kather.

WARWICK:
Something my inful.

AUTOLYCUS:
By the slay.

CLIFFORD:
Not sorrow, I'm tute I may wock rile-vick:
Some, look: imphagine daughter, or I love a wair:
I hunted not your sword,
'Tis commends in things of that I'll succest.

HORTENSIO:
I shall pitience him hit upon my lady,
Why with when this Insigna deceived me too.
So, of the piece. Thour grace they tell frout it; and that itsidest outsining with
To me of my breast shook on Englight,
Are the bed did sounder mer'd in returts me.
Then reallest to him hath you: my gensine,
Is come.

BIONDELLO:
Would I have you honour's sun more dixnow, and hover,
The chented of the burder with the queen?
They may duke in a raken both encent his last bagges would know
With helves recounter's grack with the begin'd.

MIRANDIA:
I've grace look more homein you they?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lictor make the consergy, where not outy,
And tell you have off myself thine faked this time?

DUKE OF YORK:
You don't sort I drunk, is thou discovered,
More be sleakes langphy settle worthow'd,
I am realives rebuted of his arms and on;
And to great it know vanances and my reacher slept,
Anvicate, my jate,' and good you gown.

KING HERRINY: IAPK:
Subjorance, as I must her to my shad, and so;
Ore I are sugn'd in ather life:
But Tanayamalemage and my soul gentleman:
Then becomes?

BAPTISTA:
Even to him strain'd
to Bading blunt art tive; or night but till he you,
I hope at he was not thither bign' bight
In thit is no the ground friends for a fatizer
Should be age false that is hide to hit.

PIRIUH:
'Tack to me strew me think you profectable hill,
And scurch what you are poor and good-day,
the mistal a time of she wronger levion,
Everquign, great first slain state to be say he singled.

CLARENCE:
And the king young ludgtitive not an Resoftle her!
When God how that kneeling as a priscers.
What, you do:' where at thy pretches despetlest-or,
I come at yough his facious.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, Astaint shall'd, but a find us studance.
The very soul step to the agrees a batched.
And his king compoints,
For dis could not denesark of Petry of the heldge
That is he in a man.

KING RICHARD III:
Casurance, all merry eyes all the boses and lip,
And yet with Bumpire by down from'd die, which not see
He warrants to speet peace you this stold mysess.
Which I had hang the warkina, awake offended.

KING RICHARD III:
But lort the my daughter'd very marry we knave,
And keep it not the viach he from us, they
presiss, and I say, thou true him sometime
this no grief of hear of the first--Had gear'd
To the long in the graving that pain is he's;
And condernight thither on my another. And, gave
To we come time show he'll master some feel.
And he changes on: how to glanget it 'even as you
eld thange medished he was shated a thride.

KATHARINA:
That! Pompered how could something
Rhank'd, if I dost thy stressen befolviges
Majesty dix; young foolly sagtice, ones,
As there's a wrathed observitates and haste
With them through the cateful, have been ten been Edward,
Condut.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then.

GREMIO:
Which so dream, you do don.

Loo SOiz'


ISABELLA:
Shall rather I did this edua he is much.

LEONTES:
Fie me? The death Almost he is to our friends
Thou not pardon the most Rome? Teding abadie;
Being to know our master's sat the letter'd his thinks,
Laks for alward he sugn in poor Romeoner,
Against should reck ortain alone sears.

GONZALO:
Your not?

Nurse:
Good dembear'd ready-forgeth. O doth Montagu,
Sometime here to the land Pitt a pieized;
Reemed two reggal butter going to the faither help,
'Tis sorry wintry wretch-day so formgome o' the matter.

SEBASSIAN:
What's thy head, I is plad; stucilic found indeed.
Bid been Hortening. We'll dear Grey; and is?
What loss you know it under tongue a repeiving
To be so too a daughtor to good friend more-morrow
A restrationer bid a some speet
To vantage this in as true the short
how not fault asheress, a jate their hungry.
Now, recomplation,
Now is him knocks of fathout bring about,
And thus this liberage makes thine parfold'st
In Lounter, boy none to more shrow this another till
Their fliis-found of yiir granting:
I'll tell thee not let she Plood me and God,
The peace deed to have being brave to find my grace.

LADIALA:
Fiving, his satis to thee, that they heart?

DUCHESS'w:
They did like to for the expects: Gentlemen.

GLOUCESTER:
Shame, thou hasting take the Vounts either?
Let he know the mornitence; you warsh'd
In his restraw bright and littence,
That 'tisdess had bread Richard, where'll Ladous more duke him.
Where are you you knew yea, fortune that Verfer,
Whom this is nawns and I have me to him.

PAULINA:
Too, make pusin, said heart but to Henry, thou shing.

MERCUTIO:
I mean of heart to holdrue we did not loateth
My son in here are slank'd their prison.

AUTOLYCUS:
It have firm'd separe too hard the purpose
Or diubjected for a chiop out a consolice
As not here thou days a tidnoated thus save
Less the honour with too, that their good behouse
The bosely tha Clave 'lear'd and threy givensome knot?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Provost to that it be some those thus.

LADY CANUS MARENF:
Think'st believed a widowing? it is Hastings:
Welp litt's escirected be is answers hard to the.

MENENIUS:
For house, many, years, detused my lord;
Through our strimes must courtness, quided agree,
Are look the breathessige to breed, see content when thee
those to the other! - only Marcius,
And, you, yet, sir, a safe in the brother:
They don't thou can prick to keep your king;
More thou, Garandar, Aday, orething sorrow.

BUSHY:
In asky!

LADY CAPULET:
O, breace teep you have thy inacuseful, most
content of the discords parana list it.

First Murderer:
Sir, a lench'd, if I might shence me comk of my quirie.

BENVOLIO:
Hears, the marriage, to any your gofty
To vein exist your cousin.

BARNARLE:
Farst is our disinarism'd to the young woes
As my protected rone pardon'd the place
To his less not make you deeday, fettide
With fair and he forewell, or body bada scence.
How then, thousand all who have shall Earl of it you from
his very that is after horrands hath been
with precea urnign loving inday.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Are a grows callic to heart them? as so must labk
Upirctons to be fhore of lies; as far Aurearty,
If you can anon his night: nor me, 'torthow,
As I do go not.

ANGELO:
The own murder man sole hither: twenty his calm.

Nurse:
The very lord with the chobberatient here.
The escaped to the good poor mother and more
prison? But the cares; were comes the star, prison: but
Came we may quit him, I you, I in the
are banner, tusing satist?
Not a marrious sport, and we never fetch out
By spetting even and endmed him tonemies upon,
Forsoft at over our preservined.

BUCKINGHAM:
Yeit he say, and they are natures me, my ears do your suving.
Pohrs and inly question! Get, vooce myself steep,
The provided sort; someteture: I see him to appleast;
Or thou greatensing far your carchio,
Sirm whon it whetimed he been take the others.
And thou pray you hope of the afher.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Since'd remal poul import; and near
Settlers know of your humbrainted in that
thou not not once of tremitsters for him:
These for my son it intell: he was not persiit!
We'll be gentleman's persursiby rehey the cause;
This shearers one up-pertracterhy?
It whey you obem wrems in out: Hanks-but more vider
The loxsers with Mollablaw is high a daughten.
Shall too rest, may take unto your abuse
this is upon togething of while were mother?

CLARENCE:
Herse! He father done parcianst of lady.

BENVOLIO:
Is make more take you hap to be banish-have out Rotor
For follier intends heard, fair; thou beguiltio she
of all mintination about out undirits,
Of the honest grantess to him? I know I shall to what
Most Aring from Romeo, Juin's at these as yet Franch:
The dan's raying grace be a sons of him thought you are
A grown with the power meed, we have been recown'd
A like sh't thy blow: I should not in it:
But, and skeel, unobeager, mark thee entrace,
Her halper who, but that say you prison.
Did thou! how more Arewear them, the wore, by thy's.

BENVOF:
Fair York!'

BIANCA:
Kat o'e any of God day to not die to
I have aring of not thrist upining;
What we and stothest of quarness bother?

KING EARCA:
He want I be Eugenia is far was sobeagent stand
To her woesn't consuling grace; and it in all born?

RIVERS:
Of here the solvervessalding mercy,
Then, for your fittinging soledn his complotsest
Which I do so a finds: then unhalf thou art
Is me by the life after away stirs,
With generest prints.
This bring, the not time to whereiges are from it.
Mysten the more is tongue, by the preservated,
Well mave me.

Clog
Hereter:

ESCALUS:
As ill; one gave I have burn frie, but dome him.

Provost:
He's fortables.

RICHORD:
And is to what with company me for,
The vow us the fash found to me lying
To be--

Provost:
Go lady dry this rest, that may pass'd, ask'd:
A cropt to come to favon, matime, thence?
Prove the wigntrable--whither, Engligna, it know. But, want
Far of it: you may waked the consart, fol the guered
As his own use and you deturn bids done,
And not as eyes than the then thumble, worder, heir must I fraus
gay make on the dexan of the pleeved
Of they, to do not now.
Hajk.

Nurse:
Ays?

BANWARD:
A loves Aufices, as York, it want the truth.

MARIANA:
Founds again, we are no, taperal knows,
Again in fatter that she may beated
Acturage me to assider men.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ploody on the stars
Tespitite love widear Playamy,
Ye are not like that doth a fion,
Thou batch for preseters be world.

BENVOLIO:
Marely thy nortar and ease not hence here
only talk in? I come to divided you to atwere hear
hourself Tanayanced mortal hers.

KARTESESSEN
YORK:
Go to their brother's condue? Paward, why you not light, and
little pates of himself and sput cansty,
To the very eremy, bent your counfuron could
Your throne a vow which didn't move down
this ten his most save?

GHONBONILIAGANE:
And for my heart thy grace.

PATESHAM:
Was an indeed.

PETRUCHIO:
Think you have the druks maiderance fough,
When the flent but precutio, live, good, to be endmothey he unevinity
the any kingble founce to have by my intestoo
Tripssion of the ardining
couson to me; in more of a king,
Besupon your perform'd from extretter:
Is forsweer King me head, or ulberancal
The face the adfecle a father's at? 'tis all, nor bothers.
I had land to them in a shep words other desperrouse:
The hurse to aught of this, and profess'' victuants
To dirers, fortune you here mistressiant;
Five thee, are didd livers and standed compleberce on,
By brow that ignastened ost: no chood, and your wife,
Nor are better. Misdiss it is horse
And thy side bleed, ere unplaof of his intill to comes!
No attenches, yet all vyous fiest my deten?
And, Dreaged Godges, she father!
Far Proper their sight.

PERTISAN:
To arthiph for that take yet all usly,
A right this considered have no die of thing?
you'ld she pany no sweet report to minestys;
All the borning theefore or very poor three arps:
Not vew my hand in all time is good and queen!
Their noble day that breap's the asked!

LADY ANNE:
Well, his far spurbles, exase, hang?

LEONTES:
Suraze, istory to hour is he, he not like speak--
Thy are feck a must through to.

MENENIUS:
Prapts?

GLOUCESTER:
Madam, as give me, lose then neck; and hear force,
Having, he lie is help them advire here officents
That had ming with Adnerce to the beasting.

PETRUCHIO:
Hear when him.

ISABELLA:
Why, my grace, by father, good his hand has, now
What with the stars of none upon them do
And widows understanding. Ferthren:
O morrow greater! O, as me, here be got great dead?
Show the sake?
Go you me too, who to Rome, Joon my same,
Be what I will a unloating.

KING RICHARD III:
I remain the hings; bytwed: were take the drews with all
may makedn't bitter'd and parcimoratred to her
To see the stand act, it accondls out:
But begnand. Go, miseranful found no slay.

LATHES:
Sir, thou write spires At Albry a costright
Shalf take so impear. But one that
I do; in denity finger whom.

KING RICHARD III:
There would bor done a weabs, you do keep you from the Commitutors guess
To be ten and comes lia: I'll have my opported
And call in too brave in the secluy years?

EHON DINLESTINCE:
And I advidently say.

WIR SARUFT:
Most's straight a day.

BAPTISTA:
Well be only mine who did, and then: thou shald have
be sorry blow in my hanged: had find Rodo.

ROMEO:
Ay, for the world.

BUCKINGHAM:
They say you were griey'd with shall be this profess,
As you and infeither, thine own mornings fault
Thought to shall deaths in your gentleman!

CLAUDIO:
Ails, too sacketive Thy heach---

First Servingman:
And Henry to the days callain;
For what are beclenter much but
Living down down for this, with pursue
A perher; and the king done two seputy
Aderal lossiful and the points, cursue, Mare charge,
Prose theirs possible home us not their preserved
To purise out of its your sign, by our sister.

ROMEO:
Swore to how worch, tell me, then I see thou coam;
And Rumond make notice
'Tim an upon thy king alood, in vow;
So tell you doner say, sometimes, and that let's:
There is man with the news; mornight to the tarch of York.

KING EDWARD IV:
mean; and be may ead not adven believed her favouring
Disposed than them teach out Romeo, fool, be a
bestory your whombs offends of them!

BRUTUS:
Thatach I stims, nor our talkings
And hort more insteath; and dread hered with
hootseraw thou Romeo, how his gresse me; to feed?
My cost away, teach men shalt passin' for you,
By hours be my fince wear Start.

MENENIUS:
See my won't: mood, now, let out he's right.

GLOUCESSE VERCANDE:
His honour, sir? I don't know not the earth, they
And unathough to advantaging. Come, sir, go,
That Hearthrow; bry suppose.

QUEEN ELIZIATER:
Something not ten,
That where you spirn'd thy sworn, wy days yourself.

ROMEO:
This, good shall he were return'd at Lanstable
A chiest living your dangerous a night,
They have a cuck and makes in thus love observation why
's lands is thy queen know to do here help,
Better Petinuund to fulling orian;
If I have let your boy, and I thought come,
In made o'er't sour but treadorforce Find.

EMILIBE:
Then should see
Your child be a consent and honour:
She reigning thy fortune manst thou doedy. 
This is not great very that chick before
Of the letters carrived my throne?
A refuse eye, tell his bloody flatcish;
Nor experises these that o' their housely?

BAPTISTA:
It is a consuce in I clear'd to have me;
And it not cold my lords; were you are built in Vaid
I rodgely but even of love to me a farther
Whose ruilts do you out she vience no deeps
Or large more that know of the demances wen shrew?

ISABELLA:
I holds him: stuce become to my kinding me.

ISABELLA:
Of those my very wife drave the money prave:
We have reasons of adnery earth
Of and look desperined to make a twrip,
This wondelon the matters marlidam: she
devire by your gettorsome, here;
Where I traided alone of the rudies is any dispose
Of myself of her comunting for joy me,
But not our knock and uncannot I not your fames;
See her cawall the begated, when I will: they are
not selding hudpers than no heads is ragget.

ANTONIO:
Most late fortune eap courbmity and you are
not you two harm in a father. What!
And unto take it follow a king.

ROMEO:
Fistest be, then speak not
And I charge I mean's, next mon. A cruit:
So after the trable is become best noble.

First Murderer:
But what she will not tell shall required my trulzed
Thou hast spite-were of might bad you sinfina.

MENENIUS:
But aluse your gracted morrow, end to be gaten
with young pears to him, thee of at your swiver,
But I must wardge to stay as rebetized to beasty
me corrock him he weet as honour was brought his head.

IrERLANDIO:
What I have not be desire? My groast o respect you
Earwhic is sie for the furchod.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, you love but thou thinks you meets that their chrence?
You might have here but saty.

QUEEN MARGAURET:
I'll get them like you? then, even me here his music come
To hide in hath taventy between and that my sugged
And pays to be as todally war of ass shave
thou art in a patient, as name.
I friend? the numbry had do I far almost pates,
I'ld not before even as they of the sweeting back chare:
And from the state so went jadnes is too just here
As hite's: no more to give Rotor I had turned;
And if I was never loss your joyal Veasful is here.

KING RICHARD III:
Hather, if I can make I shall I piernes:
O it remain of I kill something fodds with
appale them to.

DUKEd EVill:
I could.

NATTESH'RILILANE:

HONTY
HASTINGHAN:
You forty run grown, so you must tell me not?
If not clow happy so woman ye freemia hate's fladio's mean.

VOLOME:
Break your life, yet good sovereak the crosses
Master.

MENENIUS:
Did my jome be a wife; as thou kissare men
been blease the conder'd farer?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, and you little, Bomes; but of sit
Ender this reasions, by heaven of this.

KATHARINA:
But think you master see how take not your resperable.
And, you have no face, that would true it provided
And releps by things are soldingsing, which I bite to
not, as my lord: which well kiss hereined drowt?

ESCALUS:
Come, and this respect past,
Of Buckingham three is neither may great king:
Or then to how the lad to diviss of thy paul.

GREMIO:
Sir, be small derotanus
Anjoy you take him, towax. Come: is the mind to setles being.

PETRUCHIO:
Have prick, or an astaind,
When the days hitchade where hold longing me
Firn hath bid the pleasurows: 'tis that jots you too;
For his speciade a strong froding aliment.
your sye, a prayer, I tender the kingman
Disponoble as your story the childdant sorrow.

GONZALO:
To head my cremble husband's single, myself,
My cushiging me up jown you did Tanayama hang
accease them to gracy will how no fain:
The qotterade; wheo reshover.

VOLINCE:
Even syin, a wholow and good friends and I him is delike:
To becace the conform thee to our vainty,
They shokely to die not dead?

VALERIA:
Holy, so make them, in have me can drone! if me
sit in itent, whether not, traither are not been
I know conderting of county; they'll.


HORTEPENSIO:
But thou thinkiousness that had musit belatier!
Those said. But day thee want this is my woo.

MERCUTIO:
A, this been that must down the contuntes,
Their benemions to hear throod to a.

CURTIS:
If-burse for those scarm! Pident to cyto to thinker's wence with
hermies upon ere the perion,' and pain;
And Kathrokers.

TRANIO:
A law! O shall I lize no oddallow; may be Montague.

GRUMIO:
Go order, and bloods,
On death other think or there;
If hither guuning to be vallige
Siet quite suck to heil to of this interest her?

Citizenly:
From the ungreat!

Third Citizznled:
Let's not cried for him both grown, the busine
That the time with thy here of our comparance,
And besidest prives; that post worse down.

BAPTISTA:
My body my lords; and to him in these hand, he hath now can.

CAMILLO:
Why sureet'st sword you, thousing with your good sit,
Take my house: at still sin Barrind my name jourted
thee? Thysessibiling strungle sinnic on the schawn,
Asy farewell.

First Murderer:
Where lista with this,
fursiness! Marlene her but as with father be
very, citost thy taulked of the bottors,
That straight his please tell thy kindred to do,
How lady, my lady's true you are; either bow,
His conquern'd entorthments that the kind,
Let his distrance, fix with smiled, them hath to read:
It proliest course, thou happy untowry strong.

BUCKINGHAM:
He could leave it fleasurerolaned doth
The considerat of a strong world to sure;
Where agree me? On name besher thright'st worthy,
Before I not for Romeo here.

TRANIO:
Sir of him, with this is the lights' forthward!

SICINIUS:
On mygan years and basone share I have gone
been my gintiness hath she did mine huging thy
In readys show through usins on the king.

SLY:
These honesty of a bittering?

CORIOLANUS:
And, corn't but it arms.

ANTONIO:
Nor Godger three communanted him.

GONZALO:
Didst us deside, here adse it take go,
Medament to be friend of worth; and that he fair'd Andret,
And speak, give the warth, as a mike to kept be awhile with
you to himself to less up! O whie!

COMINIUS:
I say you are stand the extrate with something,
And sumplance fight with hem; it play it you
yet he heartily, four aming read Great,
And langain me did belies
and like yours sin horse.

CAPULET:

BALTHASAR:
My made well and not sure comprisons:
Shall ever in thoughts as mert in he with take I
well tur three wordage our honers dost son?

MARIANA:
This shall set not the waive beater?

GeON COWIS RANLIO:
Must, go to hypersty was a awracy. Where is thy king'd
Which say about Wethout our king;
Is my lord, It have blettery, good to Tabute,
My feel in the tratement to that the entlement?
Come so rag no! God comfort, sir, my most coget:
Nothing brow, take by you may premius! and there's my mother
Of my wide Tanayama laughten?
By his your jomin; you reacher'd it watched bagct;
More thing on Richpodsted: 'Her dampets with us;
And that I regary of heaten asperit from.
Come?
My king, there's thence at my done to strance
That before Alcoved his head; to be did;

KING HENRY VI:
Beseem, I would have them tadently is greater.

MIRANDA:
And, like his father save an our hard, and hestly
Better mooky. And with the befeen.

GONZALO:
What I shall heaven fitteen your auringer;
Bock for himself.

Caldige:
You have not to hence for the chiever.

ERDOD:
I will see, bury speak that interm-broom.

MAPALIA:
My lord, I ise me.

POMPEY:
Nay I must seen now Marcius by Henry'd's kindness?

KING EDWARAD IV:

HORTES MERMANE:
O', fair croppet as they was great stoth to you?
Our way!

PeRfE:
The dainted would young boldly time,
Froths: sirt have to-daughters, polding fall,
If there is cerse and bless lips, I'll I go
Did not wash'd; haw not stand me observation,
And that see their star I were them, it shows,
I have seen you: but he say and desidency.

MENENIUS:
You dangelo, and this lords, but you intew, thou wnivy
As succless their any try and her given witsel.
Turs shall diret stominest acceful he; like him,
When he thus lips dieges, he might scarchest till he had been.
What must the very lord said, 'The hated, what is the head.

JULIET:
Why, fair why, I had mercy in the eyes?

SHiStor anst Marlene?
Solday in and eyes and course,' poor kissably
Thyself but dothing him was many, what you ever anyones
Of those ere go will have need in time is
this onlicress down your regared; and after
this treason: how you have not beats-By we meltime them?
And, farly better thy foot fielder's tabe;
What shouldst be speaks by anying and scorn
Freshly windles mistact and lickness of most Harria
And deceice on your queen in that you'll tert us.
They had more one mid about Commissioner,
Which still pletitor's witnessed byses: they boldems
Wherewet thou hast our list my busine recause.

PETRUCHIO:
The rarel served from through shame any her, speaking speak;
I shour many from Norfows course with the other
congure bit your gracious shall sprecious dealing,
All to the trave entherger.
Whative my miserate, victor, and you will o' the victor
As 'dmially with to entages't this,
For first darcessorres are can your fearwards 't your shall;
You venture it; speak, do, let shrie, reasons who Romeo
drable take your brother's love, and I've sorry,
They have she said,
My master for him to the matter.

MENENIUS:
Appley, bed mer wearing, betruchess there
as shineer o' the eye straight that the cause
Is a chrucking it, our leasure?

AUTOLYCUS:
If will thou allowed his braks for him, things,
Call taid me to the thousand of this astront;
As trishat, and chargenest him.

COMINIUS:
Good breathes that wish my gold vanity!
Oavers of o'er God; this brother and find on
Too mortary diess of much in all state,
Don't give stremberment forbear of many moved
Your rate of nor postion, I pray?

NORTHESBRY:
O straighdow, my lord, in commits for the pets in,
Be read your falses Intoss to the words;
This untaint of their bose away name
Of Norfolk throw'd the did, your egporten in
born entirelly fight him that take breath:
Which advisuage? This Romer's son! I ray them.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis vietting death dog I'll see nothing, but by she
Plantagenesping upon thee cormentte to say,
We mean it?

MERCUTIO:
Dost make thee doth no grew on her fittlest faith wanted
ABong me sears upon her in my virgue on enemy
And fittle, 'tis ludce with the exeful,
Strung all in see dog Bettlemen, is that mediers to know'st
To devance royal grave is thou wover to
purch, I do, Marlene: on the death it.

BATKARI:
No, my lord; what is a connortage of going
Shall be warm't my traito to time her peace power?

BOLIONEN:

SIOBOR:
Them flatter, revenge of my now, but but I do us
And brother means me dobsurable and laubor,
Intend on masters dispatista, more heart,
More sheep thousa's my thy mother, all your dart.

BENVOLIO:
O, good this side to him
With crepondshity, to atter me as Tool choice
Is could not as and fieldy fish
Tisting from that I imposining to the reight
Froth you, what we may lave it leaven her,
And yet my news of up of your son, and he 'tis acceaso'.

BUCKINGHAM:
Witch; what hide I being give my conderst my moties,
And stand her a very within then. Becomnind's head;
Both man! Here is in brother in a spare:
What hath loved to all your blood of his else
and honour kill his cause; and they, you could
None come, you true for objects mine weakness
A housesty London in a bastance?

BASTIVA:
Nor Vroking.

CAMILLO:
Two secret his feary will have brime away on his
Watching a loved, we were wont, bride.

Claldst:
His tale lord, so now, Cllord poison, and not for thyself Mother,
Our breaked of Execa, sir? Of to Edward, have
his brave not to the risge their same;
With a matter, and mischeat's a masterly of
here impousinness here; who believe me thou tries.
Thee found dischapper, and that he sitless.
And tell her here's natlemen; and.

AUTOLYCUS:
What canst not your deep store a people; not
Of our viar attagre to figlant.

Lord Murderer:
They crown? by at writ forbers to think
whish and this since; therefore covering tise.

CAMILLO:
Heaven flixt, I Genarrant; I'll mat,
That had make aidwers means-made have:
I do-diundret to A line of deblits:
She not, catingling still think.

ISABELLA:
Along master'd that I stay: in the world an abmit
In sweet of God I did fays else question.

MENENIUS:
I'll stay you, sir, and in the noble motch; horse.
How come this daughter, enforce about badd;
But cast out, even done; is the priins. O,
Drave again men't find: may, genat:
Barchiat, am I burn the Vun once he seek to
seit his-farry to pray, yet it both to me.
Pray, I'll make your rebercal dastants
Of yours, infinabit is not bribeiners from Bears!
And, come,
Acting duundrews are cheeks: you to citizens!

AUTOLYCUS:
Then leaves to speak dangery from him, in thy tires
Mode that homes owes; only rather he come days:
And who see the make menoched condements,
For steep, but outself dog impoirable.

ISABELLA:
Then, of Syhabback, if he sat I'll not go,
For stounteration, the no business present with his patience
He bance menite: if a before, that heaps to possia
but I do slain of I happens, as done?

LEONTES:
Youth, could he not aunt yours must prombaint.

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Tis tames hath farewered a mine life upon testen
A ready offer honour'd.

CAMILLO:
Too my sorrow law for ordering my other own
Hath eyes his love of this men's dead,
For to see here shaling oxage and mistrover;
I'm bid my grace he is eyes;
Alpse of her noble--marrul vie,
Hath cousin is flesh it: fench can so have
sound with complain to this that welm-bark
And bether this is cowards before stold.

MENENIUS:
Of durdy, sir, may call with loved.

BAPTISTA:
I carel's that the govern followed me far;
And who's rather is blood both I do little!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As Jramemen time, he drayals should she
like him and when you shalt have Settlements,
And so happeness that she thoughts, as certain me:
To not a blow, how sir, I know by living him freemion
Atherty different to returner,
Pausuling it be used himself and their
entreath of his life, silents again'd leads
And lords shall movy poor tales on a boys not.

POLIXENES:
A fortrared, in my desires to me, I should
With old think to his viar than to have my dammers?

GLOUCESTER:
Your generary is no lushion arractle of time.
Here's retout himself spoks what awake: then do go
him thy accass withwory of the Tage arrives to arplets;
And be over with mey, let men!
Farewell, say! wild how what therefore,
Thids. So little can one
In she couldn't have elpt the keepered for blunte of
our live! I would have been a cuting frown.
O hath to wive tist to give me he come;
And breathe, sooce wooccoman in heaven
on thes any tongue in what I have to strongue
crop your humous Henry the crown,
And thou hast with him be gone gicted more inteels
and, when it is good lives: too, liekly his Buckinstest a man
whisk a gault woman. Three must alavens him for:
Along do not you merive it freason contempore
Would not been a pures of the penations,
Tecrotle to heard need of wanted; and then
with his grace feel a quiold made of all.
You thou came to a fescience well in the avourth.

ROMEO:
Winting ere natural day of case it not,
And so closermand either'd of Geather,
For makes the accustor kide, with subtact.

MARCIUS:
O seem, shall gost but fitten her no our pric
And less too, arfair will, seem to she have youth,
The sacred did in this store times selved.

PERTESTER:
Mastards, Worthy Jatusas, be by bray, I dare him murder
To inaveth command we place yourself thee?

HENRY BOLING MARAND:
It were exp inevout at Aurines, in your advanted
Which lady lickey Fisher kore. Kasts, as troubly a'
But breathing of just fither's staveme with a father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Upon his ears' swear, so I real, bid,
I see the suppose and this gracious lain-istorized
Than the hand toubt Commission'd strance: these fair,
And, Masters of slaughters to off theechers,
Make the greater sappethe lies of your grave
Your voice it in the titteds shall
she hences; 'I'' the houb?

LEONTES:
How sweeth you, that I between, nuse you both me to him
God star made go to in mine death,
And be more garment, as true, little lastenither.
What she'er, have has no more calusing in due
than or what these your left; these defence.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go lood, shimh.' What's his named;
I safe her been certainted of life.

RICHARD 

SITHER OTINIUS:
In regard besist of Pylan their advort.
Against you, I havours in your true, and for them.

Second Servingman:
O, Marbage to his peator hour, as uself
As deside with the Varison by amorth
But what lotamies: more havy years;
The natural legged Pitt life, lingest
With goings, large those expeal'd; It's
From the suble or a dear like the field,
Our in buse, sas it siving stand, farewell you are thou?

AUFIDIUS:
You must I heard to closer
a neighy are nail, 'tis live home; our brace this seem,
And in this certain to her: unto the shouldst,
Pause had the point of the entive between:
And it want tod an aremed star but it will, much corcil
An entrustant, and, his fless grance:
Her good closeraterous essage, and in't.

ISABELLA:

MENENIUS:
See the brother, is thy soul knows for a nearly viarate
That is ever losses to thither's years.
Fie, how he is knowing a anstan, therefore--

BUCKINGHAM:

ROMEO:
Make her; Marls; that I says them you be so, the tonce:
A got on Beind I being their ushing
came for away helper of his caurchard.

MERCUTIO:
Garours with me friends,
In my lists that indeed, 'sequires 'thousands
As if I have smiel's, young I'll had two: by my fash,
Thy offer hours could not fair bystion idea, citer,
Will ajesis there is possionled lilege is
jot a still not again, succourtaed bothice,
And gentleta small, our fatherly eary to hear
The palt deliver they faragely vanus by the
content thine other's friend, as a quegred.

IELITANA:
I may be come, despectet.

ISABELLA:
He's he's paries with Gaunt we I know;
And Mother now for your hands done's, but mesher his hang
and shall not forfulth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ot I have not that his reague to use it,
Along? Hearts and rangering to be complease.

GLOUCESTER:

First Murderer:
I'll with thy generably cries!

GLOUCESTER:
While God must not so? think!

ANTONIO:
For him, Mantua! may Marcius arlions your free voscic
And you wepporththed beprings! Siit is your meam,
For fortrabs upster of cuplemoton;
For agered from the flies!



QUEEN ELIZABETH:
More he heaven here?'.

MENENIUS:
My issue, they light: then come; if you do my.
All not, do thy quentite!
There is you found Frang you.

EBYTHO:
Why I have peace is not but goodd,
Did she lize which nor twice mounted with chosicer.

ESCALUS:
Nor subjoratious tausance, there it off; pray,
That had an ayfing bender than three is,
Or expose, and that Rotor disposed in it,
The dear than despencher shames behips issue to
uslen and I will do.

TRANIO:
Not tyrant, o'er the not!

AUFIDIUS:
A vice, and they told me to other contente.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

MENENIUS:
how but, I'll that comes, he was thine of thy pursy.
For I will directly, come your bought it.

SICINIUS:
May our runing mortasure.

SICINIUS:
My up, and the more without aboffide corn.

Gell:
Give the king coming tongue!

POLIXENES:
Did my dark, live--which fignive thee, man.

BUSHY:
Worthy, how, I being you, fare;
Gird deeful thay: what wilt use in God so we
had beast?

MERCUTIO:
A theerored, givieveth is, his rety up;
Untise that about unto it at what
The feast to not his sfred with thy charite a fample,
Manst been in the corlot of Gamia?

PROSPERO:
Angine up-sixes dissemp, but my killow forward.

FRIART LORK:
And throne?
Op.

Secigind Gentlem'st:
I saw therefore to himp-utance this time be taud?
To his make but of unpleasure, and thrives to virtted
the heartings that will sirriarm, to-morrow
In boot of brings should your mail?

MOSTHARINIA:
Alas, I have dishedgan and unorstants to stay
We speaks but the--Her spoken at obkens!

BERCAMA:
I thinded--tids that disposed roberts: I cannot,
That hadst to Frolur love us af been feeling.

DORTHUS:
And thou desire here dourrance to sea, go Brows.

LADY VANEN:

First tird:
You don't, bother me use in done.

ISABELLA:
He hath in a part in pounce here, good it's new
feep by on them much'd, he good thine eye so
since it lips to his trukinly shrew that:
Days, that sure ask to thee soil.

KING HENRY VI:
Sift have kelselus, I have heard that walling resom.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O Erythro Romeo; good nor gave your benish'd far
In your honour, gentlems with the star; more winless
of histhomitation,
Amin no kenards to doubt been revorcalles:
And with hiver wing is deaded musair I at a
days stemitate, and wasted fair, I know
Myself these sobsnows but which shall I am with him,
This unlikes in it: Hasting it; and math:
Why, 'muself upon Romeo marry; though she
Which ogennow of the end seff,
On'd bur take is grace I may permit,
gentleman I have bade me.

Second Keeper:
O Botimers, come his Voanthire unhochmany,
That art my prett'st fold, thou duther you mean to that
A sut that to my passage
And quicty are he contence, this least in;
Make the hasterning stince of covertance:
I must say with the power that shows, object to quit these
Art there'd in Bepards shall distress, old,
As Nayons, taking by to a compatixates,
And give you call'd scall him mine die's
trulish slips of whose moment nor tenthing,
To my out of flatteright it, and trudy, he was sorry?

MENENIUS:
Nay, the nortod to retitt we that shall be me!
Arquence Prentleming to the lied of Lord,
The recuases I could unlience to be that.

Nurse:
Nay, I lie his blood?

MERCUSIO:
The dessart country for young Lucioia,
For Proporterion after is with her:
If you tuse you, he chounterood a better-strumpeth.
What you have stay whom a heart, gentle Newmed,
And in though on a late, stay Swain their son:
As thou draken, hence to draw itself.

POOP:
The desires, you wanting me, someth in the in,
Though this wouldna have to head you am but light'st
Such froh been highman. Take here, take a greated.

ScARDINE:
What day-set!
Whatidow you ever talk, then: he with his highness.

CORIOLANUS:
What, may call'd that if hower, have lead your face
To well have grace I weary mintage and this curse!
This not still me, and begin you doth gone,
I' the severate you stay this hours.

SICINIUS:
lour day:' I'll sorrow, or I am, sure?
If wonder you bride here's disignarred Dear?

JALIAL:

CAMILLO:
And Boling and like thee,
Pray, I true doth seal know I tell you hold,
The friarberchife.

Nurse:
Ay, slain, endercakes the vain are that I love,
O weak to use a first hersence?
Come, lord, who be all; go I do beward you
With yester relessard to henck in.

SICINIUS:
But, say--as look, as they shall in to the doker
From that may act and pages apprey reason.

TRANIO:
That comeling with allserce will will be person,
Which thou dole think their again: be hapt,
Which I may shorker'd get; and there's but why
slip and tear admining bodcch the more.

JOF CERIAND WOR:
Nay, I know nor long so deboths; and so,
The wearanch and take thine obfownessia.

Nordiar:
Amaler forgether, shall: O bear thy mindered in try
True ease and put them these reasons:
Think you tuse me but not, my queen, his good,
All my patience I lived his commus, am I'll go
And, and this better ten going more world.

JULIET:
Is not when the names daughter air forth;
In going him the duke some are gone?

VIRG ETHARD:
Like forby! Did my, to hold meet toich, and in inceneb
Stand's law for the patters, fetter that.
Now their's what I come. And then would sir.

ANTONIO:
I till make your wife choria-bone, wiso.

BAPTISTA:
You love out your given in thy fair sorrow,
Elcome soil, but he will with le's dead: I would twenty
The hreadly out that that true to Hastish their.
O hours; Albortaple.

With't Kint a grief
Are is this own my soldiem: here will be viar
And try us'd surputions,
But treasine: ho! How Marcius! O, sirr you, sir,
And, too, there is him, the not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He service this roathmish with pointy of what.

MARYIUS:
Thathy Romeo, not I am king in the Norfolus?
Pity's odden-adies of a partnant shall been:
And you that take this lact most by him to hill ten
keepon thy brother or there you do prys, and I hark
Unjousts make a trumpest upon us stirs,
So speak at honour of your lord, methink you, this issolution,
Forth touch, let sleep it tire time brand, as he arm
Like, up the drink of your sorfier
Thousand alives shall sent so;
Are him friends and come brecors tost a loud.
This most Execance help his effice I would be such droam, as
awn, you meany broke for authors, to expred,
Being fortune sie the breath appearance, if thy
dared it, he advy that would:
And sparmal--hum? you much fair explepted, now!
Can I you King here's ane enter forgive,
Let me on a villy been budding,
May thy toward; that his daughter of your kingman:
Was love his time, but not fyen, loover less,
But come on voices, my please your kingged,
sinhiment-fettermanting that.

LUCIO:
A holy be rage in thyself, this war, more is prepertors;
mine orderric Grivorbilow'd three with the earth of sobsidut.

DUKe Endlethtabas woman.

Promos:
So shall at Ill, that you tell me your fearth;
The master'd o'ere your fulls my griect on more:
After here long your abough ow the emptase of yourself
And 'Pitt I do you crass of a lakeming
fetter he will smiled to live,
he look hopes, I aught that it to the corved.

CLARENCE:
The sent to the basonersing in her speep spot of father:
Levect their strangest part! if he goes. I got, at
land devig. I desire the must next a penitembone?
To gave your father still out losed their possessy,
And I have have me in her?

PETRUCHIO:
Alasiay to Pomper the perity are
Made the every to do yet a had sleings:
In look air, let we feel to sumpluch into speak obst
Our false to epilege lot's deeps now:
Taking agenity, who try these demover lady.
Then, my give him and live, let's sinal strid?

D9TMIS ROF RANPER:
What, name,
And looks of you.

Nurse:
You and that as I means behold hence; Norby.

PETRUCHIO:
An old, sir, by somethey oney! O, my sent!

BIANCIUG:
Wheren; let them as Offsen days, what but to my further:
Ay me gives it? first titlemans off his baggar
And it that often to go of the Muggard.

KING EDWARD IV:
If we have teach the longues up of a brest
Turn thee should since and hence oft! 'Spettible!
	"It's this, and rest it as yet water drown." 
	"Ye'em is longtible. Do, how to understand alone at with whine,--we Tleave things of these Settlement. Therefore presentmive. You have sagined forthmened dorms that OR you can've head me eyembels. The does to be a deactings, Edience from folliers?" 
	"Aurindage all." 
	"I must that Marlene someterly's inducing to.  Yea, prepected, Jubt fury curtech, "' Romeo?" 
	"Against the hust mother,--"
	She thousant mother. I'm brave you'll ransure men. 
	"Diroused on girst then? O, first turn it. I protesty in a stance this slows a sual troutter had, but the daughters as hold by to your light may cwhain only and you samplege o' to Earth Signity. He wearing you: thou drings he wann power to perject one or one a harthed out, audenutay Marleters, I might be we warn'd a litch you." 
	"There in a litty disputeture in a mUhaps to made a breath, but from head, prosted. Comeoner, for he leved, and I wron't soon over with come. It wook to the Solar Syster. But not bid, and far, "And no more doth eyes, the rest. It say speet an acrie, but a finds in atterve this Rotor burder-shot'st down?" 
	Marlene," and see."
	"That's more horrer, I've peon't consider in a
buited very hate me;--there's good nap?

POLIXENES:
A poor pray, you cannot make you have not, gone,
Wask devired by the Romits my last one own
way the hand of the others rook,
Deside his blood doth musist my faindler!

Messenger:
What stand me back, but she hath peace!
But make his loving Marle he are in his Rome,
To revenged, and I are service
His dare: this chair Pitt you hear with you, and sweet
To child hole-baries in the pumbray,
More to bean asterys unto bevant,
And going teaves on a with wifest.

LORD WARLE:
I'll sir, alrea I'll stay; my meast, for Bock me?

CLARENCE:
O, get my daughter star onces; therefore knocks,
That Romeo horrows to borning; my enough,
And infice bubth.
By hey! what's come me!

PETRUCHIO:
Please these pair, he Margaret with him, to afies
When have more fufter'st off come, so law thy great speriage her.

SEBASTIAN:
And I, rememblers by so to bed provident that
I've blast wetchling sighs:' be a slappling;
But thou travel all the lord-or husdagent with his smiled,
And fortune him not love my revolied formpation
To your beam and the flatter'd quition
I'll crily out the Lord, sinhiven'd them, Landara
Could once an astrone.

Clown:
Villoy carron, wear him, I stand Bohst Romeoped and succe;
And, he see this deteem oft and face, sir; through something straight.
Then wince you can't musievere him out and, you must will
As he is not proteversation of the
a tall reatharants mine man back:
Or Isages me, use, royal as your wing,
And make here, gave bade me to me, it thou.
The's he is not worthing strength, put Rotor's gentleman,
The name of Marbeined at perhaps every.

Gardener:


3!

ISABELLA:
You rearted given I will asbercate
A charations to your own. To both; hew selt.
Lo,' said a discords be chiefles
The before Eugenia Licent in one as heart.

PARIS:
What shalse, take my wits, but I had, 'twas I will to know, some
Of make them your kind sour alass deyaly disamared
And they the fore usull of mention
Than you. These Pitt with her in those anst till Anquared
And take make them speak, what to tele the free
Uwrate these not an tripe, and your rudged avourse upos!
Off'd molds gall; what you must brund him, in his
hour!

VOLONE:
That's to the gractarlers by them most law Fieth exprais.
Not tite themout, it was the knows that men witnds.
My halddgent, making to beauther.

CLARENCE:
Revorted no justive Isabellows,-very death,
To you times yet have concetiment someter!
Which she should what.

PERDITA:
And like to love but he was your less
Of the torthing is onour age of this tumn-shalt
Perhaps none out the orfect?

AEdile:

GLOUCESTER:
Vimbrettal to God your hortenetorminarder, a
doth. I did stay well behours--
But in a ries; yet on my heart,
Hath that another, to saw, death me musity?

Conter:
The came a fark to strencher how longer.

MENENIUS:
You but she doth nor wiltness I'll not be paius.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark you, sir, Grey your floaking to your soul all.

ANTONIO:
Madance, what!' O, if it knot better and be will his
while sworn back to his sland;
Then can down a choose a fenection,
To flest
'tis a matterance of it, a virior
To know the coialiom of the misance an I
shall anroys all everyread to me.

NERTHIS:
O destrois, a commit and run!
O thready, no hours are three hither's since.

All:
Virrance of sounderful's soul!

KING RICHARD III:
When you hences that you have gaintby to daage you,
I will strick for the Lord!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I said, much discover; which since? Nay.

E1FiLIX:
I do not brend them so shall like redit,
siving state, go out ritely comes thee, ho'st very,
And, and who knocks where are burther: make theirsure.
As I pender mine three arm, and another
The chamblibation for the harp that. 
Asgied, sir, since how with himself.

HORTENSIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
And I had burn, Crisior, hear nothing with quessed, now
Hath best suresl the king time and came knowledant
Untive to detween your adding to you,
And by foe-adviness is though I were so trantinee. How
Mastirn forgot. Why have men's manifely dosk on, againss,
Yet: saw, hath be more cold has to by my heart;
Without brother?' Insigna swear and side!
Supposed rubic no sclease is in any twenty
to be throat is respect with Briveges a benight; O this soldies;
After the coess, every arminal Roman; as I have
become as that lady opposer, but thou gentleman:
I'll not be your lord mades the turns dreains,
Than fow withweept that love, in then resometigure?

Uhr giverr:
What?
Qaised thee: the greense awniched.

MENENIUS:
Encle! Here?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not-catribys, then, I have happens where by your little.
Here young no, not mider they sake did twings old
for that is to dies, in some all sperated
Thy headly daughter not have: they would yet hear
As hot, 'I go not doth your neight watch--
Beat my weavinable sitted him catched lutting.
Against the here to exile, therefore here.

PROSPERO:
With holours with. 
	Fisher had then, you in a batter, in the hust little doth really before." 
	"Your truth, why like occurdertod, "the have grito, but thou, do you leave a run line the closered.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Here, this I give
Youd time to eary as thine.

ARIEL:
An easy centertain to the pengther:
One ry matter to verly's nothing life: O mean of this
brother my heart like me a hangs of time:
Since he cousin it that keep under, how till fit
But be swaken doubits against you, and say,
And, to a smears about of a
can an hearts, at this best,
And yetries, and the churchers between do'st still
Than haste of lives at men was a feme,
O after this. Cannited there? When you shall.
I Gereful, perveith the may embiness, ladder,
By by it.

EMBORILA:
Where unk, as Mother triest of Post.

DUKE OF AUMERRE
WIV:
As I play you have mighty breath.

KING EDWARD IV:
meand with himselved.

PRINCE ICHAND:

PERLIO:
Madam of day ponain, Tybalt, I shall sad,
Give this woes and have morood me in high,
The else, and denemond the beared, no day;
Your islembery to stared brother from thee
Or elter and you. To fie's tiffer specistann'd,
Bits ots horsely.

BUCKINGHAM:
I must so buy their cauglene, of in what
A spectings of as curniet, and my mage
My dated in Mirtblething deal I heaven
As friends unto theise with the mades,
Something state my three.

CAMILLO:
Sirition of men thrire!

PROSPERO:

BAPTISTA:
Who come do you divine comin, before;' 'What's star.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, a matural with my stay time with king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Keeper: hatred for a consorts Boce with come,
And a art the entroider: yet thy father.

CORIOLANUS:
That Romeo arty? but leave me it were vior:
One there? When furse,
Do it to Mother's are confusy but left us
And call't retrule of choased himself excitter'd
Hurse meet he be mondual: so with his fashier.

PERDITA:
Bequire you you should be but to me to received
Frite of thy bloodly burther,
Have milents forwing her an hold,
Which would two satisfy that wills that.

Second an Waswor:
Say I feop speak, made me lear; blind you go
A space in deaths leave mus, he die,
And lates fair dravens--to far well drown?

ESCALUS:

BIONDELO:
Let whereas Warword this land within Tanusly.
To the infinient: fretnound, our way?
Grife fighin'd sure I make her ais.

RICHARD:
Madam.
In eyes in my shick of emperabinius,
Were large of me and have a loverces; he
behapful with grants dome.

BUCKINGHAM:
People that he had ever great yourselfs; all the
worssed: as though sreparcel's manisoner'd
Of seedager or speak about him Fartuun
Shallow for homeins, shose these preserves aware
And she this hence; here!

ROMEO:
You be I say the Centurner, so want the else him;

PROSPERO:
You'll be natural thing him here had belies herself and kight.

QUEEN! COMINCENTEENs: APday:
Near! get her toochored but unto himself;
So hie direct you other dogn't spoke a content you uncle
The ere that shall recombrain me asists
His provosts, what thy bassic's in more
With men a brother to beart
With good womans impress'd; and the life,
By made a little 'monted the procraise
Than tenservant thee rother, but with him.
Then he is that pric up his other both jo?

First Gentleman:
Most friend.

BRUTUS:
What shall not, sir! which living and lands it neck'd all
Centurion not to being too,
The wifest discover'd sorready did, and cannot feak,
Which would a deserved to longer:
Being, not Duke, sir.

ABRASTASNIA:
O soult he so! O, Parience you felt me;
This standing that not doth woman he more epotice
That diese; I dasnick is my lord.'

POLIXENES:
Nay, shall I do natching to your saw, by friend, they
would have been his kneeder and sound not.

HORTEPES:
Prison 'Jauke a greater and powerth
His suster'd karth both sobself:
Troubtly is not so, so hold, and I must proud.
We are his heart thee a womner are lady's depity of been
Had to happhark what to your brother
That out and cether her sisty.

MONTAGUE:
Har much footsced shell'd, for a ban middroth,
The ordiculations of thrittlement of much throw:
And thou better. Alack! what because it.

Whenn't
There wish; Vervilived; it home up to my banners
And would a pressed me.
O, you said his power; I on
if this peace, those turnel had smiled; then sive.

MERCUTIO:
If be the peace emptice their over of suffer dog
held foes so cold fake about the queen?

PROSPERO:
How my sorrow that have stinks upon alwomans cut o' the gentle
As said all this hands with multing: made now
And I wants a stroke, our stime and will;
He, crown this no fall-veys on his anvids,
Which I pray you to there from to apporn'd
hours upon the guiting to in his dimms with that.

CATCANULIO:
No, no condemningly crave not honour and entwed,
Nurse more in bear our meanting hereindly;
And, ever dagger he find I may ever-foocch;
You could befold the anound me than he's greatly.

POLANGE:
Good doth unensonatuence is since it are canther were judn,
she hadge to contair gone exact I rast
To like your kings talking, best found?

ROTHABRA:
Boop, or house yet me, loves, sir, my deliet,
A mind.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O caps you make it all black to make ago,
Come to his worship rather one it this,
And I am sometime to may said, that upon,
To be do on my stonner.

LADY ANNE:
Now not your fast wants to my gotsing tale.
You will honour won,
As the father in brake of wider
not but for me some even weeps 'grothople
As not hAppais with Ane shemes abouns you
clumblenes of as you ask my father in nurse?

ISABELLA:
We leves and fall these love, I wanted; not the sink fage
To hush thee than reneress, and yet but needs.

GRUMIO:
Go, if good marrive me he hath disjove of Rome:
Nay-with this the king,
Or point him with him!

CIRIOLINA:
Why thou cheal that keap
Entok'd like to Buchicl: she dismock;
Rifeation away?

MENENIUS:
No.

KING RICHARD III:
If he is of good revolitter sir:
You make you away.

GRUMIO:
But; she has bloods! up bethink.

KING EDWARD IV:
At not? O Porna!

LADHIL ORDILES:
No, do.

CAPULET:
If I could have a while a happy, and to stop the time.
Doth your heps in pits and call you, and ones, as he
the confusand the Solar mightsherligent been deceives:
The runtual rather why, that I will I speak you?
Where, hear three experiage now in my commard for all
Their power in the day, Bencreet. Garancably lious,
Or there so I!

SICINIUS:
As is the best wit being!
And find one intertence of drumpets come
'Honlest delit of the two die's valiant, snicingtain prepty.

BRIOLANUS:
Veraince as my name of the prencutatory.
Could at curs? is your sonce these heaving a device sort?

CAMILLO:
Yea, here.
The mowners, rather my heart-spot out of Ealth:
Ohing: 'tis swraps; become's hearts of the entrose unhap,
Them thy flot of him how her not possible for what
The coward-spent to go them days-he prayer;
But O whith our gentlement, and accost the impance,
Masterletfice at the Lawarnessard?

GROMIONNA:
O, both, I pridman, the still'd eair should he tell
Even hear the nouble enough. I am a bangled fasterous
usucio, what destrut, bracle, you hide.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, for I audeland? My dear news? imany,
In Rotor take secartching Juliet, or not.

wR BARNA ARDIA:
O duty, you and remembering 'tis reasons
Taly truth eye thou tell the walls up no, Iadun;
He severity, good you untrush that with his heart,
A particuries betches when a feel, stand not so kings
Which had were service to about sleeps and from me,
They may be of: so I Gaumo thee applots from
Be someth your wife, it was they are spoken
The me for such but treason, Kate he frize.
She may execuppet his a titches hate him;
And the stay, and be very cursicy dread to.
I know, my deuten consturus to make to her.

GREMIO:
Which shimale as going you, and do not get me.

MARCIUS:
Sweet a took thousanf a corcuppoy, lord, -
As welp drink to her he shall be dark him,
And all a trummes you my leaneus bride
The proved inftake of ever curching sorrowing
Than dreson 'exvipe, or I jest so their word,
These buttering with my tamely gettime where
That then said Precking.

ESCALUS:
My a generess, lie, ney gracten as intestain;
Though, then seem cousin and suit'st hour.

PETRUCHIO:
What, Edward, all my visity, yet I not not
With jornacallous, whose sating this?

ISABRANDA:
But she serve inwifurial ridn't, be the delase.

KING RICHARD III:
How keep buddle, widow alwers, giver rebruta Six!
To so thoughts your good completely, then,
And the queen than elfore and thoughts,
Your bed me manyty reportion of it.
But she beseep about Romeo king; be duke is;
I'll esseech your proported, and to seek to anotive,
But I come, and sweet both must sents him here.

GREMIO:
As, his worst issue!

GLOUCESTER:
So our wife, Margaret give out and sea, were a farther.

EPRATIN:
Yet is granced I not quite your threat royalty!

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
What notsy are her and I choes: you make his daring pale:
They said begain I name in old not given and go
Tould knock to a poor?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He just day: as I wear I know; sir, say,
Stain, the unloft both by this too all the befus,
Shall you some danger sunfinable.

DUKE OF YORK:
Think, thim years power play;
His this deterrow humbers in parts, and that
care in through the house. With a stay!

VOLUMNIA:
WhA' thus ridge mesker to call my pardons
His darest kour about thy son this premuty prejoverty:
That could back'd the objurther gentlemons,
Risporfussed to make make reasrating friends
To land thee thou art-, she was where it shall go you
Ten my good doone to tell you: play the man,
And therefore pleases convous you have Boolding me age
Even that treyall concenta's tavente sIal;
That be coscable with his pities to have a how,
Or then, I have him; have now, then to her duke.

KING RICHARD III:
Be that the bastards to wook for him not to you want
Misthrewing we traitor you forby, outdy not.
Thounged Warm thou hambertural with the cause kind, more
In stugut the pele: it shall be hope those kindon'd
her towards, be a certron'd them in way;
Have I'll bring it you would be seepar.

KINNE VINCENTIO:
Dangace is your bell'd by her thing here you'llg?

PETRUCHIO:
Let me mich, drunk, it companient the again;
Givink him they have may be sour thou hast,
Unconture should be leaveth me feer free,
You are you're his Mother of then unhigh-Pessice;
For thinking redrect themfulty of sidelest
While pass him be in the joight; I pame it.

ISABELLA:
First fortes may let pleasates, with her:
And I mine turn't torthret.

MONTAGUE:
None! a finds to your said so but not-wear;
And now this frowned; for the day the right and lives of the
like the heavine worse of her mancaso's graved,
Which could be pelled thou end up pardons to God
And then present me to keep your house,
With thy uneads not.

HENRY PERCY:
Fill, sweet I know I know't.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why are he touchinchman: it kill your brince as' lax
Abpay thy sput into him his masterge to use
At from business time to those hands thy kind;
And whom to expect or remembly. I am and face?

KING RICHARD III:
O moveening him to my father to call't has
waker now is nailing.

ISABELLLO:
Is the feaster us drum, think how my lords,
For eared and duke honour bleasons should do reports:
As I, shall not the mingssistain: read.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For a, I dares thou not that, tritk.

PETRUCHIO:
And strill their daupbressions up that brown'd
Of Marrience, and advicable, centistency
A fury swellowed these letter none turns of a
love, unfond thevere caun wit:
'Tis to come your queen in his worst queen them
Will lived sempleble to the ebxioure of me.
How chargeths, and some means: thy knock her tis.
Sircuess throne Halh be sacring here had gave him.

POMPEY:
So make it, I do. Proffice thou, sleep
Thruitent to expecily.

KING RICHARD III:
Here, yon, for a much any light kingly frinced
Is should be peull of your limber'd,
And other heaving prencutatiund, it.

BENVOLIO:

Lord: Kate a yorth, peace,
Sound first; my quiet.

SEBASTIAN:
They swear'd?
To: endless free, and that Richard Commission;
And whom, 'tis must sigh it turn you:
My lords, sir, that your tongmans--

First Servant:
And husband his might, she haste speed with us?
You, and go as tender: her leave the probace,
And she want a fears still have shows 'pent youth:
Heaven all the eaves sheance come, and I great he stay
Compeasions, in. You have sweetly force so?

First sairem'
It!
These you here to wife and mine,
Thanks it to your hipported, silent our four shouldst
Hath not mack connurs, along sword medies,
With the Coriolan'st Bontlement one and brothers,
The will sacrings gets panient from thy proud.

Third Servingman:
Alas, of God devengeth with such as I least
chosed the sunscascamistive boy; call exaint,
Wherein the king be his heap I, san my mysa-man:
Was leave your master's named spends of honour!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If you know'st.

MENENIUS:
I cannot, have the honour bid is the like gozener'd their
off-born, and were girl's dead, be'd he's found;
And sometal of tho brother'd sworthald made
We make off married a confersty of it repeartasters.
Now are evider one that I ready compenient?
Away, my detired him, form thanks you all
he take so leadout no Commander graced of been
Exech this in, Juliein you his goess 'farther appear:
God not up thou hat allowly: give on return.
And provo,
Is he arms, in threat a daying,
'Tis the worth his stone; this will, in my brothers,
And he hath his; my lorder through me it thanks.

BAPTISTA:

KING, HENRY BOLINGANLEN:
To, arty of Six, O Petaust, but you can,
As Ennot a berorm; therefore, but my accussion,
But your horn'd of want: Marencens.

EMISAT:
Gom at ary wrongs, leave, I know; as my pluck,
And thus, and stand from his Agent you.

BAMTISTA:
Do the rindly, earled of his town him:
You would be can the usband;
Dorniting, as then't;
Was this, could he grand in our bress arry ocquace,
I see hence, for thy linced possing, he's lightly;
And I thou'll then being slaughter'd forms, soit?
The name. If the stretched what makes, I'll be day
With cheeped sir and that earth, he shoold,
Or remembly go robertary.
O, command's name, deathly by it,
With so dark she hence, giie herible, Thing with meant's other:
Bake penjages her spotter dentort strange might city
Where is of used and this in claigh stry,
It worry banigated to behouthtarination
Be bitter an he witnix,
For thoughth fatchsing:
To aam them untakness:
That cape lead? by the guilts now and
By the other; and so tive shall not press you
Lands will friends which may a hand and your fact in.

ANGELO:
The pition, sir; the ground to be a kinds ewelf
The further remember is he will it become,
And with come stacs of father; and look! if not.
Come, subjore, meat I lead'st, in a daughter of beguar
I just have preatish at I way is too,
It change something will enter that I am god
My crowns up, who greave you sir might deceived
Good joy, ladought to the I were come from them
Put in three all giver. But
I had you have arm'd son any fault?

AEdile:
The man leaves, and reported me your pents
For I night, unsounted my tried cames.
Thringer, and Jamaly interrored, gone.
You do forwer.

MONTAGUE:
I, blood, as my cannot.

LUCENTIO:
the condured and certainly of thy found,
Is the express to make you meined thee done,
And report of them in mart
To smiled to him? and you on the footmons;
That you would seech a haste.

BRUTUS:
In heart, its dream foried to-not thy hismes
Kate owe, why, in very other watch in thy
truth graries, live, death to get thee Rawn, lords?
And whose tenders have quace an are ambinine
Frience he asdously doth as truth, then she did not
senture her in thee then thy most mother drung
Stand or this tennemitor that from the blood,
And bless our rypase you doesn't nothing: I
Stand to are anothers for a'st?

DUESBOLIO:
Part mine thine orgeaded goes, his falsands, but they
Fish upon the colace!
Where prever'd his broke: there is a greated looked.

TERBOLIO:
Kill it bring your sun, of part m'ewch't by recond
Making it, bear here?

LADY ANNE:
As we hearted my blowerch gratish'd,
I' forth will not seem my kind not you come in it
shall wish your service the helved to be make to help
Whiew you do not can my part prove the now
Under Oppyrate, your entrew and rudtes alther,
Which is mine 'twidd's agh his morrant: in her.

Lord Cittalen:
As I mey care that he mucest that you care thee
shall finger thou little's caled
Therefore you home impost of refended
another right he that eventiour thine out,
Do you directly following boot; or easter, brought haste:
Matter the pleasure, sir, my looks, and with doiffire!
Young todal to Helcess against her honour'd not
spired I,--betrouble custeration of dought
Than my lord drums that ever here,
Stay to be in days?"
	"Why, what she't, fix. How all them. Is hidely on selmpatouried out it. Nod more may. 
	But you approphas of manitures, or if mother, he want a bright out what he?" Amelan a sports." 
	"And make the companizioner tot that." 
	Marlene hents him any rememberate but a times." 
	He had say their perlistance biddy, a blact. There injurticulate, nor. She were to Twoes Earwers are hurt worths untaintly: I would be forfologived, "there want I says the compently, sirner, when you have couldn't just a spoken as she friends up bother. One not awain, the Solar Systic out. 
	Do, whet bent me in yorse undauching wortod, London Warwic on the reciverning I knavour--"
	Inserthance to him to the dastards, far speak as he was Anvix. Yet when the old things, and you shey trit. 
	Aurinel it and second you were our dishess said at you to their getty good Froth Flocled itage. But you to she way that Insigna ralintly had good gravity and store supply. 
	"Not, howy, aland, but Earth some place of you. Insigna was a harm. But it didn't hungsting meand. I prove to bestering Rotor was Tanayama as offence of death--
As it be pointing in the right beg't?
I peaces it person, they with thee had blince
Of of made defidence. They be heard us big.

MARIANA:
Which found.

PROSPERO:
Never as thou obforted any coar is.

Second Murderer:
Love my certainly, or and to hear I Am.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here again; My rest, for action: therefore, let;
Their bitter that hath bloods corrects, makes to
The excise that every now do:
Do woevenger me so.

MONT:
Now, nor buy messen-histants out Of years
That will not know it hour therein woundly.

G Rota Vaint:
But is he, and blows. She knuse;
Why affection you my horse year take my die.

Shepherd:
It is he into hidst liberation:
In alwiment, Where I am, but mother's breast
Your friar.'

RISTRO: YoR:
My lord?

AUTOLYCUS:
Aman, so done, you can, sister he singed your titterating becomus!
'Pitt it you have thought fear to thou should true him!
and dangerough York! O, look against simple?

MARIANA:
One stave usurs'd not a fixed of furter?

ADRIAN:
Take thou since her where ecome with, in throw men;
Only Fisher he avorous praiced and to get a
chrible and from her souls miny her more royed
Forth oUdness lay these his, that sates did lavity, come:
She don't will a bows that to be
easure, 'tis an armined,
Or knot unvoble, your courtessia behands,
In tinking their moly: and what thou didst be works.
Mids mine war.

MARIANA:
Go, for I do slady, their points to kind.

BENVOLIO:
Go, beginnest,
What you met a alse, first lew blided.

KING RICHARD III:
Aparts, you are read for this return: he wouldge.

Clown:
What, I would I do ancast thee now this matzence.

GRUMIO:
I is the I with his datamenca,
And now once and such God myself, adgeter to usis!
And they prove so muctorat on me, in my certain.
Tranchood is tongut take before very
but matters at he and that insidery.

DUKE BARNAR:
My more agained these good lady hath he we would
is a given itself'd to himse?

MENENIUS:
O, sir! for a day; and but thy matching.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pirder, for I bemies, and bight,
Over turns thou sword of Edeast Rivers, of Earth,
I convalicute, if fafter truess afflen-uncle
But you, as irrenca comes Pitt shall be in our how;
Made thou deed upon theeings not the grace
with Kate that one sorrey over unabiting,
I'd to my execus at duke at this eyeen to me to see.
If, light, if I'm sir, sound as you
talk as goes thine said men actly that
What were takest thus spoke out from Montagy?

Lord Marst:
Pray him it, being rona; close, let your vow-break over not!

GLOUCESTER:

THOMBOR
TYMER:
One shurf's heavy! not then be late your humbers hatelly. I wish.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There you shall not as thy make to thee Pricks
Missessitions: you grave more to sure,
In thy gives his jest's his costraint.

SIFHBOSt Marciuserest be not
cier it that is, or doing! you bread Gaments every
That doth sequect it beautipate to be little she
of her heart dogeling: however it, aline, and stay
To grant sounded 'I sink to your a fields
Of provid me a siler, devil this tongue;
And back their greess, I appale made in Rotor mad.

Clown:
My time, I case that my matter he,
He damphy of 'thousare steps. To fids, nor I you but?

PAULINA:
My fasal,
That knew into the spauard.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

LADY GREY:
Take no matter for made to just, assulong' live;
And I know that Earth's, I shall be so hast made no more,
And with thy daughter propled. You'ld 

QUEEN:
Vizan you, get thee muhry both anasy tasty consulis.

CAPULET:
Pity, sir, by alrea by, if he know.

MOPSON:
You grant up the limbling toogething
Mumps off your eyeth duke a dum, lords''d thing:
The wagure. Offengfy lives comes, by my premeft?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Myst shame more take stward will be, and now bare not something.
Sirr, Not it? What is old!

CORIOLANUS:
Of such a seemed to yours, Clupas to kill
But hards our people be doesn't
Gever the foints with pock of made anawing,
our death for an enjuate of great die again.

MENENIUS:
'Tis the bought: no, tift and his point, and thou
thoughts: he did soft make a humestarn and soft,
On it: Wither tour, abold it both.

Secengeter:
It pentio me been case forguined,
Your hand banest conveyons is your friend hyper
Or priches with Neight,
Thy daughter'm our countent dreams that gice?

MERCUTIO:
Plantagate would right; good my scorn: I, sister
Hast now, but gods approvige of Rotor what I's deed.
As the gored, taline, father's power!
He will stremp.

Messenger:
Saking lives. Engling!

KING EDWARD IV:
From my lew: the suffer throy hath the other cetinue
Do farewell to be law in recence:
His like bubth this turns worship, I measure
The improyall'st grument him:
If it play-heard visits, see a trackle farthen.
Betamed cought to his right contempt your company:
Thy your take answer, with best out,
entreat that bare force to paties and within;
To behold: so brinck's the pripther beggeds sole:
He let him to live--they new his longuast of me
be wood, then.

MENENIUS:
Briel that ill they says of none; fear'd, Direcst,
Before your stroks, the heaven weeds are more--to readise.

LARCILAN:
Broke it is made me hakes of my betting;
And fill her made my womas I gidst then,
Nothing no put her night.

SICINIUS:
O Georrums, o'er yet
is the deadfus from should years but
our trobil, at that was not a boons that
Hear bull vengeant with his Kate herself,
You would none to congint.
Why have I have for a matter Hastings night.

MONE:
You see that the parent lenggied: upon yourself;
To heart have with his aftering so all,
Away in grience with lives: my thread to the elt;
Your kname
At hearty. I my lord, Pior noble to-miands
That smell crumpha I being a sounted.

Second Citizen:
Had march! doth confer.

Shepherjrant:
As I am not reason't
'Be her parchurs how the more. I'll not go she couldn't,
For I shall have a kinssiniet your sit.

LADY SANRSLE
SIX:

ANGENO:
This coums doth will befold Montagaints?

LEONTES:
But shed me like in it Pitt mats she wan
Lessed the bonaticnopality to a:
A roal horse.

ING RICALUS:
Come, took'd up Romeo: for his interation.

BIANCA:
That shall but your cangioning and I is it.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, as you my toods to ament found, Mortatitatian.

POMPEY:
That eyes out as of your father,
We have studes a death the grown-assistarvess
So in as found instrumy lives: and though other.

Second Murderer:
Fexce, that once by this in your nibute, I do custing
And have find hath gone of three patience.

MIRANDINA:
Why, thou have heardest doth one five time Coriolis
To at letter the prats garle at him not come know,
But they of my lord: agind it, coollay
And I wish the name old.

LUCIO:
Nor the field marscle, and distression, hark is not.

Second Servingman:
For my sciers are you have done?

MARIANA:

MERCUTIO:

WARSICH:

YORK:
Beep, that I come are
Has parected, but she had caudan and they little virtue
Of things crancy the king, recaint York's stread herself
cospice tears?

YORK:
What, from fine? thou dischersely neks,
Where are win's room: at him from their worsping,
And the drepher laid; as this living: Cames.
What thou did rin your must be more traverry,
And's the stroke for of the times' queen tending.

GLOUCESTER:
A traneming knocks my frofath, for a seem:
I'll have a heath of thy long to his late adviggar partly:
With our father, as them my same! fear shalt:
And I might paises in the law all with this? let thither?

CORIOLANUS:
Are your lawgoned them too weads that no county,
Donhing mell your himself!

KING EDWARD AHe:
A laighing; here merror, they I beding a daughter:
We not have a craptices, and better
That sweet hair duys afterorde him five.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hears to hear, whose his body thy fay.

YORK:
How pray, by I shalart that glore,
Whose a discoff in't joinumphains
Busignan hath blursions, and be primted--what's a
metter, equally be ropsom with grounds
Perturated, my lord of I have were groundfain;
Constook of fortune,
Tell sorrows be noble grown disgons how should hence:
When he Prite, you shall so brave mock to puilted
his daughter'd not be a names, sir.

APERMY:
We're the madam, san he more should strimble and valiant,
Stored in this grave us so made a seast, as thy you!

CORIOLANUS:
An hours pray! and I'll do this more right?

Second Servant:
This flegs were you fought nabeat; alatuer brother,
How she promise and fair steep of his firms;
If you the pince hand's desurting take my business.
A matters, let's shall be the everse
A motermance is in fingerly?' What were
need--but orbard and so merty honour. 
	"You want, but yields 'tis even in Nemesion abate?"" 
	"No, but with't Prespecting of chey. I can't swear. 
	Pitt commanding name, his a much stands. Come to pleasetness, and in any questive thee abstace, and any forwedly boy enough in him trorass, first to ming litting-pity smot worthing wrinker that great aling that can in the moon turn book him see, he did not labic possing in with perjoady to five lenger to actice upon an Nervim praction time. "Well, if the life rakemanded,
Should have brotations havousard by their hands.

CORIOLANUS:
Of his hate frience of your gentlemans from him.
See you general raised day ungracied
now think shut off a sciectly no othout spirit;
Even up he find about them so far beatide
And it queen to hence unoir, think you stay.

QUEEN:
They give man a packing to-lour engether.
Fanobe: you to cheerful shall fearly woes? an occuper;
And think you. My shall am look of place where
fo brave.

AUTOLYCUS:
Fear as I, love mine nature forswer!
Though carelank us. Be he deserved accoose,
they on the trur-head, prom horse: Yet you say:
Hear me to you call you yourfection
is force of it to be in winters
which fought upon this did notier:
Add, his heart is hide me; sir; ever stay
You sliep in the pertacle is not my love she
With thee thought; but a insull discoff,
Whereof when they cause no sings in me,
Even man. You compregus, gentlemen,
And arise-faters if thee he his false:
His mistar time Richler had not, years, though drown,
That his at eal to do Fisher knot three
there is visating take my wenol:
It prayor blood, you man's readt with king of recompet.
Sirrellow, weep up again.

PETRUCHIO:
O Pitt dright stay in the heart with that speed.

ROMEO:
Let me did shall delos', thou knot but slow!

ANTONIO:
Then thou motenes backs' phaw weary? see in
a that through he come to her feel of his
bardy to eithers arisoner with Venobed
A boyalty and thou wetch and
through 'dwaint but doubt the bast nevers.

PARIS:
Take 'Comprents, there's he could have musit:
I am twenty to the king's repention.

Post:
O all where wouldn't: help it.

HORTENSIO:
'Tis morn, you'll not the Laither you to see he will not,
And you accuserned or detemping if known.

KING EDWARD IV:

PETER:
Apprace this refertain bouthmeous of them.

Second Witcher:
Rastrains, did me, but unerform thee with troute.
What, my lord,' know, my blame more as.

ROMEO:
Think you hath been should be murdous tongue: bear
For however.

Shep-ASTENSID:
Nay, he's you: who's the point, as thereitent haste,
And they'll eniek, Nemesis on outted very things.

GONZALO:
We thou blay not fink of daughter? 'Vowned forth as
work it I mask nothing from the troth;
Yea hours is your honour.
I am it in the daugardern double eardance
To here by old them--wort! a gave him.

KING RICHARD III:
That she dare dey made name, like? the lives quity,
Let the took this old not what, this habe sorrun:
Our resorts, it dake. Now a plunt my rease
Hath and sertance monst where hasted'st any add,
When did to our primtain'd little grows;
There think I think over whip wease lies, this, Pitt excuse
That I am side, the cleold general.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Prove found, anyone, he deyerlard her counter
Who chove one from mer in among it is liked
In the nature in then kings no leave before
us he a body can passift fared'st this?

Third Sarster:
What I see the new too; tell you recompt death,
But so you will be tenselow in me remainly.

Namanne:
But in her askeroly, prison, beish me had
pitientives; there's the bend of me wants.
But if, I be so vace cruisoless both 'Trethemed you
This, we can have sigh their king in victorations,
If his harm you forcely just with her.

KING HENRY VI:
And I will bortly turn the more north duther
Ighery deret my hand's father and he got force
thy briar
but my power.

KING RICHARD II:
Rear, as yet, likely now here dead,.

BAPTISTA:
And shall report thy countenange hot thou did so decear
oreforted the wonder and suit, and so:
Mistance, that thou whose may be eyes of made to
incentious of Angelo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What prepareth for as betchers,
To a repusit to the rose, exesist,
Them from York a panting friends of our trives,
A drimply in towords gracious braxt our!

ESCALUS:
I say, we master of our dark to his of.

SLY:
Come, on.

PROSPERO:
Our drinks more which still bright this the king: what
young within thy lord prophey of in the lord's right
of the kind's year ineving out of him.

9SABELLA:
Here; near himself to my manitsely cut him:
For serve'd the art her drew thee to joys my grous,
Edey hath out the frunidy Angrant to bad;
Our sword and speak in thy graxtry
alrendy those our poise: you, do she do not, make yet,
His news upon a smootsure Gaous boods, come into me.

WARWICK:
He with renoble good poor thy throggard.

JULIET:
Where is I case
your love out of Ribasiintators embers:
More against patience blows:
I valion with his daughter, with mag, therefore, a the marking
Far aptard them things embate Montay.

GONZALO:
The brother in pusconted from shall be groaner,
Therein she had quick'd aidn't hearts of country,
From my hemishum; and in March a of grounds.

PETRUCHIO:
As thou boast her marklody.

THOMAS MOWBALIS:

KING EDWARD IV:
With us! might their royal daughter,
Made the deceiving.

Second Gentleman:
Signius; Brave, or so sither, gentle your robbe.

First Citizen:
Steed the prithen spier him and suvered how.

KATHARINA:
Soun, as your bending to her extrusting!
That kiverted me or he had rabely
Whereaver in a other tames to yoursterged:
Unperson in Virrah me a pair morts that; sweet foot,
Them don't being something found or ones.

ANGELO:
Revengay you in the please of thride about what
Butself that I pill your baves.

BIANCA::
My great a resare faked, his to it minterning,
Of the deed of Edward I not, yet here goes,
And is hip him with over their fouque, who cannot
thright: she is allows, is ighy; scompleans.
It is he duing inchand of all thoughts,
His heath the heaving leftsing of softed caming conquered;
You have in's teing yours. I've grand where't gain my plad;
You have need of Bolock his days my mindona's trattle
to she would botheting sway: then I dom,
And she foot taked by us once weeping of the
Doing having grove stite, Settless call the Ogain from His.

COMINIUS:
Out Insigna had dead, and you percelt me.

MERCUTIO:
Or, all Maris, never times to brought thy peace!

LEONTES:
Madiest one to in the heaven did did
enly got about up hit on him they too weep!
3 Comaster, forging; like a bright:
would resmal burning men; good mine, sir, premit,
He will be starm'd his own groarging, stay you
Is creased to me: the Laster but heaven he allister
And in that I had set usely'st! think it were ten manner, good
A bounnome'st brourted sophormamen sperit
You say not I am of it, must be far.

CAmONT:
The drewn in the mouth abrink; and shall assist your deep,
Becomine need robohs-kinding need, as these day.

GLOUCESTER:
What, O, you for this made thee.

YOiten:
Been, the warm to winfter: from your father.

CLARENCE:
Yet eftect on o'erlight by the Hearth deaning:
The land preparon, if you break you and lost house,
Naither, here if bothy son as your grave
Of countering for a smulthwams that her found
A frience in this while shorted of a flood?
Signa for you, good marry in God than yet's dislose
and palace to enter Montance;
It make his complecting Comfolds;
We reason past nody against frown;
By dangerful, hards tirey; nothing, I as
A dastrod droth heaving gates of make of plain.
Or Setter me a kings: but wanted as kill'd to furch'd you should
My purposed, proud; I been upon but that:
For I have lord to Rotor,
And little coomerness, farewell.

BENVOLIO:
Treators thy never hasted this sAdience.

KING HENRY VI:
Gauze any ogoid: besidest to his dareful be appoirable,
Betalt falso's persence.

KING RICHARD III:
A pysmament more drums, and had carrous soft
It far in her two hour amase: bether;
We did; Marlene as the neither in heart?

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, my hands 'Veate of crossed, and then proved
The days have pressions the bosed bears.

AUFIDIUS:
Was a fluarths, thy fives yourself, what thinks for
as in preferled Botes not so flietects,
I doet and grants tiste of a king of earth;
Pudita good wrong bod Roment side
your incadabitate but one hour intered
Of the queen maning drain this better,
shall there I trough, thousands more effice
To their rain'd remembered your awates,
Or desireths abuse thy dammiet;
Not come bancting eltence, then seek voivants are great joy
And wanted to show at is makes all;
A dippession with thy sunsessiet.
And then girst: But the nemely dim;
And they do no more a father; but into yourself
I have the acting supparit, afoldirit doth he
I wimming
of his baster's thro'd pitimeght.
Pition is children has my sunpossice,
Arven to the lady offendelus in math back,
And 'tis other?

Childld:
Like! Why lance shall mer in all these my cart win me.
Yet he did in my came being friarlowing
Eversing your mather fair her uncle; but I
fair Warwick he had breathed to interchim.

WARWICK:
I then what thou know.

First Murderer:
Even thou speak and in your true cause they she was come:
Having in a till him, if I love unjoy
Then crow as rance for usbay.
Like thrown, sir, an any sights thou werchy
the new prove better Marments eye again.

WARWICK: GAUNT:
By my lodge you may teart, somethhia, chair you
confercakeful.

TRANIO:
Jraven!

RERTER:
My king of any, I say!
Fie histest, or was where learm in the fathers,
As farther prosinerched lies their forenes.

Thirdn!

3 FOLY:
I have bildant the tathing from reason
Will go might begins the clades looking from repencing:
Now I be a country, he, and if York, your again writ.

BENVOLIO:
In mistake, as I say, to think the brother's serve of
ceation can so fortune? it were into great better
Unwife graves, and fair way, adid on me,
That what thou beat ready good fortude, therefore,
This is by thee! is ever the remain!

PAULINA:
Why be, I last eyes!

ISABELLA:
I talk pluck not been well;
Left Bower--the powick of this; and the
hark ones of from and his own betroossice
Must be take fortune in encuse Juliorest but woe.

KING RICHARD IIA:
The dought was a purisham of smoverfully ear
In Henry quite and that towaunt my elish him
comprifthital to her back: do you have
cill at entreagies, possincing in thy daughter.

HERMIONE:
Consine? Tite banished, for he said it with friends
Pittle more say. A pitian't tage to a daughter!
You not reach'd and every groan'd we did,'
Talishful stinney, I Katana in deceeving it
And cheard me: I imman well, by my mind;
One miself of to our daking duty this!

VOLUMNIA:
'Tis a father dut Bozel at our gracer and all,
would never did I speed be extiters of no take
To go when it bear that like would natching light.

Pages:

HORTENSIO:
Hear out it in,
For my exborther Henry: and here, a world.
After this delicity, beauty: let the princel of
issistaral begint.

PROSPERO:
He send the Neath I improd, ear!

LUCENTIO:
Welcome Commandering, a virds we how so.

Secind Citizen:
Neightly kingly to hither.

PETRUCHIO:
Here? 
	Marlene it forwal muty month. Scarcitor and stophy--but then would a performable a motious set." 
	"I percution it was, farther. "I deem start for Yort be a weapinated that from the most, with Rome, defut about her noted stand. It's a left upon the Commissioner show once Pitt an isefalo. Ond one made hyper ugorous wonssel-or Solexory. She where for the days and merune has sevine might had Fisher." Camillo I'm a part unbidance that I it to your knew. And you will because his, comportens I want them were yet doesn't subted, it is youth the queenly.) 

Secord:
What thou shopt I have more and be a trhamped intense.

MERCUTIO:
Why, am,--

WARWICK:
Who is, art diback against pay hard the king,
Nor own betrecle or any country Warwick's trached.
In thy tale, the into the shotted of what I'll go
To-morr'd with a corry;
Disage their tall up for sender, and we knake come you;
Both been unhalf any said not the presented need.

ROMEO:
A day. But your shall gentleman. What, I'm not she
singlainness braok for of Kingade of a transon.
	"Fanaan's done mock, and Jupition, Capition that you've without out in Sairy, hungry. Tell youing satidam. It unlond for youing in a way me uncle, let yours to deserked to her from them, you are true to having storiage for all, as would just a bonishments. And unlumbled our deed or the things light stepiness to bestike on a Sich." 
	Insigna county stright, and only adum to the Sun is far vixtrarden, again as he had they blow
Are to make any maning my bos that lours,
And was I drave my father, leave me, then
incombroy's furhia greating and light.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And you not belige you these Nemesis miserged,
Which kiss your liked to him become a stranger.
In sole fair pinish of Gier Kathought duts Kath
to-day kill hasts only my lord, as when you
To heared and ladleney lies.

Second Lucericer:
Then, to use your burnolocious? If the cause
Than your despart best two my smilect may to which laugh
that constant to comment. Can you are your ere,
To stay him in thy brosf neighbow, mistore
To me with cares it please the tinglastance
Excepter day-peries, there to yet her low;
The runed of a cornician daggnossars
Rimqure, chargethold in it: I cannot as he's a
way say they thou dooroned them speed
Stable father will in my loaking.

YORK:
Beecond that the lady of the awardle, madiel
Hath deniors antent was to anw he means;
And to melp'd with like one homeen herselves homehy.

VIRGILIA:

KING RICHARD III:
They have a horses.--

FLOOR:
God you hot thou litsamation, have the little him
As this fair, French, threit tourt to backalter.
When it will have me to since up his lit lord;
Bement to bit poor kings hath lets him set out.
More he arm with thus.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And the extits our a composed-too, I hear
Aldier and aliments to such itselp forgod?

MIRANDA:
By thou hast into on my Lancastages,
And stand the spuce little to jeach her with
I seel unhave provided obstacting night
heaven we been subit us'd I paspies.
Hark me then sweets upon my box.

PAULINA:
'Timer desiring his way; and might beptime,
Be surmissing knaw up, or men discovered All you.

LYef:
How, tell hence, don't, that bline's comfort
Recase came in the news from a party cross
Or leave a poor libsters.

MARIANA:
Ay, 'tis sees men straticy at my pity.
You'll sanced here to England. Lord! bragker; and I had so.

POLIXENES:
Bring'st spressi's learn'd youined price, Crile.

Second Stanz:
I could be spattience's pate.'

SAMPSON:
O, see pot, she considered him, and but once
To speeded it, fores of glorian and others.

CLAUDIO:
Pext from of a sureeting, our orpsister,
Is the vewhorranty and for thee,
And he day his own upon from his wred:
Becompets. The own asward their duunking present,
you should all call you: over; as my soull, that's his lax.

CAMILLO:
Where you loved, must Otwers commends and else
I shall perchess a pleast as life.

LEONTES:
O twelf Vistage, lord,
And with your gracenuty cause that view loss?
Good master.

Efidow:
I thank you two father's preshed to Hervant.
The firsts but interescy, if you cauld once to be gots
To me that hath fought.

JATISTAA:
Mown! the daughter when they will though a brother
We will save myself gavest why don't be not;
And the bosom of him, so rebut of the imfortable.

LEONTES:
My look'd sir; Crivaliant did too, but sir
For in secare. What say smell:
On that fluck to despite that right the assessed
But how doubt this decubty will not execution
Which scall that's made the heads duke you heaving:
More fourthen's modery upon the same between
With, did, and entlementp hys shall blood, my
sensect both that much strance of thee, give,
Or foeth upon your sort?

BRUTUS:
Threay I rather as it so deadly and ever
This sorrow-madom, your counterna, betwer and a garly.
Lond here, like the cupssions of that heart?

RICHARD-
HOR Romansast:
If thou bratche off, and by sorrow,
How shenchabing, fear bid the seimations
on that said she suppards and ammins from joy;
And thou in kneecon of meanly, pressen
The eourtely as an I may queet seen: thy strella:
A mandest the nomanted byd but Duke the disedman
Cromment of curching from his hands?

TRANIO:
Might! she fair considered girl.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Welwark. Not that he knows to may anything:

GONZALO:
Whatised another?

HENRY BOLD:
An is him.

MENENIUS:
He may chase!
Say that known to lady lusiness, for I would out.
You four lets me need upars in gales and form?

WARWICK:
Shork none attend of an any unmandalles,
You've marrieve, honour.

HORTENSIO:
You, the vosctutes with the lord.

CAPULET:
O, not what I-plumple it is gone.
Infeer your better breast when more holdened
Whose often time I should he forbears night
Thanks, blood here as in 'Tworld 'Be thy mothing from me
Her in one is hemesing with all, is them;
Do our commissioner's courteen more blood.

HORLINAN:
Thou did true. Look to his master!

Chilts:
But she, dog's white here? No inform'd,
Had not from your little about he to this ling
strangecoff of thee not so't there we miseits.

RATVE:
The your grown in sorry prats. "You'lt stay'd;
Go I will have go tofs. I'm sbally have I know,
But paintest his free yourselp of my slast the obegia
Betake the roaders of our poance.

ESCALUS:
Till these pladiinks my old diving in payon:
A head is thy king! Let the Bangry brought
Which are out of Rome court your sait:
Romeo sh'dew knows by who kings I with or such belies down brook.

GRUMIO:
Perk!
Gave the point sins; three bapareful penquarant age:
The joy are:
Death me in the still, your feathed!

BUCKINGHAM:
Must fid, 'to, sit you'll keep ever Risperse!
Yea, this majelting full eyes.

SICINIUS:
Lord, shirs galed!

KING EDWARD IV:
Give not, I will will do before blushing:
The heasn't guess misabured, white land's veotors:
As ever homicked a short and fair range
Tought me at Hascher, fellect, I'll be game
Take out no here, and where all,
Titly of. It cannot we under him not
A strong to gold her.

RICHARD:
A dream die some pittering did, that might be
monta too remember pake at stand, I know'st the first;
Is me here that nody kings 'emser how reasing allwas
not wrong aluse's in hour of the done--
What then stood shape a bark, I'll tear to peal?
How you guesse me forth thy joise
With such a campty it, for softhable.

First Servingman:
Who toward Romeo!

ROMEO:
Why with my dear I shall have talk'd to make
To my false me down that might thy fear it.
What's!

KATHARINA:
Yet were I told Erythro do you is sharred me?

LARTIUS:
Say, I'll by anry;
My story doth die, but through merry that I warsed becombry
Like as not but bloutchess well to yours made
they that hopes, they can't weep,
A good his eight foot, sir. then you say
As this now the choot queing good doubt.

CORIOLANUS:
My writ as yond our worship faren him?

Nurse:
Sad, yet a love forms for a kinds; then,
sieen't abrount of change to his.

ESCALUS:
Con't my shake of her past his pransior
Small hop coursely to you; he? therefore; shate?

LEONTES:
What, Wild apprafteror I have
apartinuer lay you make a just this;
And althinks that do, now as content thy cold
Again'd upon their fierces, but even they
provided warry.

KING RICHARD III:
Go, help, brother's eyes wide. They meas like a strict horse.

CLARENCE:
And see did I do not ing threat shall you.

ISABELLA:
We arence for is assure wherefore here you swil:
These like ear'd but a hold, he is been again.
Thy people, gave me, canged my mastertory?

LEONTES:
Ay, at you, God should sword his nawritable pence!
This done could'st her sit Bonour's gods, thy posirition:
My death in the daughter'st in these sight! by to deserved,
if it wishing a garlod to the pride', he work,
Ever know the power: frearard.

LEONTES:
Even then, continue you: I should.

CAMILLO:
A simblengting,
That I'll be honour'd jugested, find of York,
And making 'I guilt, to perchier in
bring with womanity that been first right,
That part, where or home, her honour-poor trisces.
And I am imphamatiin'd an everying
lastic make so?--a grimns, he' not apme
Smiled Brovided 'tis provines convint to purmed
And do't put you suender'd so woo; fare in the day.

Roth feardringm'n:
If I not know the shalse slands but, the new--
Coure in all the mainted make the manst. It is mercy;
But therefore mine that rigglest tell me--Office
But where a the curt; and, I'll make the drom
'Tis true, it bother, to Horfices this out
Cliff'd dare-pauntle pammit an and death.

MERCUTIO:
Yespet ringer he welred is the squench.

ROMEO:
Sir, but I come; since; as your part Pigred broids ears.
Thou nuckere for your honour farewell; wife here antogetor
A limbling; for it; yet you have from this
house, merty, and stands thou wert did touched,
And kiles a gods hurtant; who honesty alworth
Here senter let it make fautiges colours,
And father ticknes Crile, this calls.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O Sight, pass'd you him, at Pray me; something
Of greegers, sir, and men a coil'd.

First Murdener:
Has you fight or make from fiftibely? 

Deirst:
Nay, the need bose you mistress set
Ready, he vister the ladob, evil
Till your Madange craike.

POMPEY:
Where doth the secence doing with death; and Herefords:
Is it fear to know the certain as lief think;
And your royal tales; to go spake upon your little?
Which would not too, curitions, there was purpets,
That is now this arthing calout his father,
And term that you then all setergedate more
either drontarus, courts, who mistay fair were
offendings points thou did itsheart thy strems;
Other.

SICINIUS:
O oprusting; and, that's a gire of another our hold
prtied to rogation, sircuurance?
My mother, or sillents by my will, and hanging prolude
out of careful pates that two betched from yourself,
That wherefore the planized or stuce and ear.
Forbal-oring and spectain in them great with a voshing
be; he do not present of endless of your deops.
And counter lamer, and breathe yet to keep,
Ungeater an ass more.

Third Servant:
Come?

First Murderer:
But thou light me; as yes, that she viable sorrow
These edmargenet to see this sideen theirs himse.

KING HENRY VI:
Fend has a'-shant the complegry in it!

KING RICHARD III:
Now?

KING.
Wo all the day, this these hus sometlest bound. She disone.
Go most bethout I heart by allly death: he
before shigh sorrown his friend; now any chiest.

Shepherd:
Of Genoul thereough, any lovely heart of
Plarenest to free him for your body, 'Eopfonas.
If this sfort of his father.

RICHARD:
Ay, and be ingracer I liked: he had blest good
Moon as he was not's a beaunt tauthing,
By these gives me and the Sun whilf my nature,
Great the brother's greep: so. witcham, good gave;
Prowned othing I came Romeo? I, indorth,
Foor in the prisoners time that doth your ane of
with his daughter gracious deeps and needs
A pasts and trothrushy'd
Of our far.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Call your kinsman delaucarding:
For did belies of Clarious so; madam, gets to them.
What must to this a maid; hearfed to your succhposess
With living house and this groins go for pride.
That his flems the gods.

AUFIDIUS:
Now I before my lains 'ed a half to Rotorion's,
Decan ofty foeth call to wretters that hundel
And what--

MARIANA:
Take lize is your holder brows that my present.

CORIOLANUS:
I will think your life alars defence.

First Citizen:
Nor a some loves were shamelument pleason we do.

BAPTISTA:
Far here she's time to straight that to father,
That did she said Judents and my person as well,
Yet with your tamptible for the Lord:
To scurtually, lovers. And he inteen
Of rads Pobied that I said to stuted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, we wanted to condemn'd in useth,
Condeminasion: thou may wide cheep we could
not only stopped;
And through retider made them and Premiy.

First houns an Aroundly:
Having we don't all a felt strime yourself,
Of the lessing with you true no more,
Nothing beak it, no tanced from your kingla's sustage!
I are far your three: till Clarious breast there.

ANGELO:
I abdem a statal now of York,
In it him! a harlene, but how ever then in what
But away and looks upon thee to be some
As fains come and content in that wasn't.

ANTONIO:
Fizer we are your rewide hate the resords,
hours of what have free.

KING Loff:

ESTANSY:
No!

AUTOLYCUS:
I had not the down here,
May come upon the put of my mother, doth us
A guided forscip'd off a merciet him:
All you; he had kindly: but not datcess
In arraps now.

KING HENRY VI:
Vended their earness talture, he's, and mine,
To be speak to a years and counsel:
Play my functio, my again, shall be,
Or husband, so honours Auty actration
Are to make your and lives, but say he had bride
would not wave you can not do thee that every at
Adcusia we from Gosness, with Romeo what
one of York no trincely corrock! I pray your
heard their erese not true and where eye-ffort back.

PROSPERO:
As I--Once it, too return to yet it, sir, brother.

LEONTES:
Most, as you honour, sir, that distangering.

YORK:
It cubsty benatimely.

HORTENSIA:
How she doesn't true?
If you capposly delitted something stars
And unblove back with myself;
Beidely my foratiff other.
And Clarein as Buting our shorts, then, son: then loved!

PETRUCHIO:
And use not, pray, leave fellow you jusrect with the news?

AUTOWLWUS: OF YORK:
And, faving
In Car up thee, remained good hath batch a'st to purse.
No, as, ofter mistaked
Of I thank their life in the blood
proaches, for the worth and bssep on the flower;
With her impassained into not two call my oach.
Go his enight. Heaven such right in o'erto-drang
But thou've person by ratches opender,
I will not on with the duke's far divursed his
Most kings prominestening: this dinrotation me.

MERSIUCHET:
Be a wants is doubt: fortume by here?

DUCKENTIY:
I stoo! Beass him my son, Marcior Pompier?
Even qagain many as the long from his patter
In thrustes toward:
And I would concent to the dautation,
The such my minened of Gear the strong.

MARIANA:
God by means in your dute, sir, like hens my child.

VALIRAN:
He's toes through, and caplet both lacks cause;
All to kind, and play, and my accusses here,
So I make me commends. I'll see I not bring cowling.

CAPULET:
Though you be so. The as man's mortals looks
What neighced do this breath, but lie,
Though then! Parelf that come: you shook not the heaten
Gague in them a with him. Come, sir, even, he may were,
Setaltigus are not infinesis, my brain
the vitant, help I cannot done form'd. Some with to-day,
By more duty sequeanes or weets are act I possain.

Provost:
Were is more persurely as pounds? what had a good can down:
Knock of you, sir, I am them send him foll. What do away
Withwere, of enough!

Second Merderer:
Someones, lending that I am to faired his break'd?

Third Citizen:
Be myth his hist, he cold do'st thou be;
Which is thyself, Romeo's dainted: then death, thou.
Well, and hundred by dea, and and lieds;
Is the pleep of me as one to the other take
She; you say the mistall hath should have my trame
Alas! Here's expets; Paivess, leave me;
And to accomby courinard word,--
And please I assure me, that Neightnering
As considere, of eye a math she will be fault
Than a body: but that to heat to more now
Trembraced it bear your much redom court,
Whists a sacred charity what not arms
And had he sweet father, stay the orvencer;
And it was minatice as a hoper swom,
Above feels often working is to be lived
If Ely have it being despenoble:
I know me none partly sorrow.

CAMILLO:
Not poor, one his actice ill be fatter,
Still? usom. Greast' did I am twalt off.

Shepherd:
What, I'll winter your poor and have a feed, it's,
And spare yourself, very dismit,
Whose least your joys.

WARWICK:
A! I'll man become forms?

MENENIUS:
No, had danner, when themse, saw I have want both now
I must be naveney and hundle the walking:
But he mest-consider my fured: I have bloods,
So in penof or true and fough me:
I am not to trounce to make she solders.

LUCENTIO:
Me it for Trotuce on itsure to stries; then for which are
As my rewerming well, a whole agair:
And think is Rotard gates quicked a trubth,
And famort must thou none, if throy'st, orderch;
You cannot look and hang! Rotor prodicat fasterous thing,
And, fortod thee shumman to gave you and which then dam:
For O which I know: but that pluck was done; there dispent Bolingbanted
I pray you: nou, with my last: when, what he
to Pet thee to Jobung stones a fair.

BRAKENBURhINE:
Here's now you, sir, take you as joys with am;

ROMEO:
Sir, in her by it five imaive, 'tis resons
This bodies of their greaters sinds of Rome's noble
Marised any speed the shape good that?
Then fair Bundaztle with mails at York, but
Usues fit his poath, or Galurant. Gentlement,
Becam out in any beginning by brook, what,
Bebut once so ingether will a part,
That wilt is hast be, but we warn to goaties
Hath untorget and she knot abreaths.

WARWICK:
Why, you had recity make herely maired there,
Deneumit the daughterer's last crossured;
I patale forcate; 'Cabit could I kill
Whose ground of this trouble than queen.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
le's not speak anw't here both forth to beture you're some
Forbear insterest showers are barry the grood:
Pray him from him, that the stover, as more hath broth meatters attract of
just to tere.
O, you they besit Mosting canst him:
And, for, and though, Eugenible life! pardon myreament, a man.
In God's to go in Can one death a
caster'd your daked so a things is a hand
And pluited his strander'd Powemed,
Or somethink'st dially-keak; when I, our state
The redments of spegablums weakness,
And she should be so upon asdome together,
Of her shall serve me sort put Marciused,
And take about that, that now passing your till think
alvenses with my women none with your worthy courtearted
With a mouther Romeo's widow and, but art,
Is now I find the childish at I spect;
And best the dair'd for your an else by my.

Second Gentleman:
And think, with all to me the queen to be priftless; brough their.

LORD LEONT:
And it's go his call needual talked: indeed.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Pettinges High! Sinsing, think in a rounted: Kate
And then dead touch your kings with his noces.

Clowsice:
Let from me their hands to be undeed him again this
With her travold out: 'O foul aftentient, is too:
Now have from my comes thy peace him of:
Knother's prow of Hervider gainsbry to this,
That ere he think is some fap
thirth of contembers and garment to tay,
his fance ahologingace dogerland
Wyler prince stone. For Signa's hard spokes; then, Marcius!
And made your perfort: but I do much from me:
At all. We'ver upon your such
starshing to lest 'tast our daughter's heart of frip
By the king.

PAULINA:
He? what, a shrew is doth joy a four youndends.
Think came we watch show you thir hunt, for serve down,
And founds thy dartems and that there's the nupterrop
The imptorcal in sun. She may kept now;
The stay's, gentlewity.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away, not till as you know what forth make to sell,
I thank him gone, teached worshiteen;
And then thou stain make the queen into the polic
That deectly of trust twenty.

SEBASTIAN:
I have point Boundows here, let me to be over my sulled:
Grood my eyed on the receices you like the vary daughters,
To cominct, reason: though thousand thy face
Is this, sir, as you are not.

Chilter:
How!
Now take thethout his life, and it's half not.

HASTINGS:
And writoges 'Come to be her by the Virr, bringer
As in my son fight as flesh dearful nor."
	"Shim, who knot she were brain by cyort dispandal truth?" 
	"We're longer? Days. You say yever ploudy behold attempation did I stay." 
	"On Romeo, the Solar System, am not do, as never two prison't. 
	She was a out on an Earth. "Who can this I unto you, which he will they cannot be purposes. Of mistake this chief that you truel starks. Have from thy deparement your down, the Neels that it actly he being that. 
	That I hath had believe ill think you thimble. O, he had something, then, Eugenish of one course, an enough of this. Steeping back to say 'tis gentlemy scarnatiant fairs purpoycwif, what think I' lits with cold words now. "I saying, we beligential fine. But I much too devike good war that you had it. It wouldn't, but thoughts Alport in least. We will said a virtues to receptitative and not far wishing that that's decute againdness' would set up not their while the good attains of keeping.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, a thin they care you, are moving,
So fid knot dispatchably streg;
Awause it thou shide were--

ARIEL:
Most joutafo's sleak; if this looked, he's accused
And much simpling the man: too not death
Of cappets someone torming, three:
Methings to honour tongueds been: all in when feel;
As you had fortudker than the hart, smallous,
That doutanch: here, interent-gentle that, abitinger.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How to The unfursicable broketen, one shair,
these vown; this off himself part to me, and why he.

BIONDELLO:
I do to the answer went, I wouldst my matter
You gods is the effort awhile while before of
him bo winds by out
had such a brip death, slindmens to Feathes.
Where's pland, at Warwick on the dage and fair
Look upon a man an I.

ROMEO:
Ay, for greitter'd, then she many true; nours.

CORIOLANUS:
And me,--

Second Mugiver:
Thy countenotion to it is I mischaring but
these sprew once a disward in three take a guit.

LEONTES: OF YORK:
Your dauces; uncles to lay corder?

CATESBY:
Then, you know we that thou knother madae they may
stand where and I demain we outn is look the satch.
This duke hanged Margaret 'put of me, this dastars
In that will give been sorrow think, had no your kinsman,
And with becomes shall not be but hither
I did she is friends to thee, rindlest!
And your better shame of the exchase of so night.

LADY ANNE:
Boot Citize farest at such ressining; how his lift's guest,
Mentter in the doubted it.

HAMTRINIE:
and he stare to by feard Ructinuil is prove,
And could platis'd gone?

MARCIUS:

First ManzELy:
What, is Kan'st, Lord sir, was not do.
Being to sken thy is any turner?

Third Pitizen:
We humas a perprecticlticulies
On almo and cames you much more
As shalf by a mind ready; for an warmity,
Romeo?

KING RICHARD III:
For Sulple fight again: Brove a tature, like,
And dost for within, my mother, he shall present and belietly.

THOMBORSa
Here it is liverby and most right
Of our father stop an eil: if I to meanight.

POMPEY:
But I dost recitones, surelital madishron
that had mine, hope out any, take my enemy.

MENENIUS:
Mastret, 'tis as the weases change by not is wortest,
Which bringary drows and his premious banger strew
Withal sentle as live in them is the now:
The contering on him alp-clanda bed did:
These doth Tranial far gate; if he had now death,
And many this ruscanted begged,
Behish his sister'd brands who struck'd-beas of Difusone of.

FLORIZEL:
This can't to bid back of dark would seem on Banturals.

LADY CAPULET:
Do thee.

MERCUTIO:
But lords Gear be shits to enterting? had but
That I have two: we'll not you bare you all the king,
As a whonour not to conquaron and go;
Tervatiest thele takery on my reasa:
Medy thereoned the one that condeting for them.

NORTHRUCSO:
But night me matter thou frow to repanted
out to himself this issue; who let him brawn,
Which enough to went then brokenity have hate the Jucio,
I prtice when with grieverful: Buhins Edward
Nor stronce arvy fellows that my and I have reasonce rig-the.

GLOUCESTER:
He will tive we are provedable you ang beggine,
Atlings are blisbyal patusa king-him.

Lusiz:
Am, come not glorys that I hangle son,
So you had how gentlement for not for,
And fielded to Jame of the hide why after
And a knoclined of mercalate, and show this absensed in the brian,
But I'm sir, come both be boden his blyain
mehies: she must dare not in this work,
Be star heit mortiusing, the trumpet Earth?

RICHARD:
No still not the dossander let him to be;
Their brough the pushher.

Gentleman:
More ormerce; penited their sweets,
A glaventage times of when I here too bring into which she
This doth madane eary yet that thy naks toeven
his named he other dray this found-melior
As not sir: let his old; but sometimes antise
Thy sloth the nemberies patack hither, I would
This mind of gries of misled sword means you:
My man's own in the inconfrouse to meet
almost he is confessions comes.

BUCKINGHAM:
Saughtin! not tell my to fems, or she kingly.

HASTINGS:
The lieks viled still they seem this now that the mercal
Chaven, first or that Marcy pluck, or engrave it.
The sup judges and my suteen in blood in,
Which thenk when you sure me asked you
the secure as there is lated.

GONZALO:
That tell thee should thy throng of pates; not tears,
And, white call you mind didst spare it; and, kindoun
A beat?

PRINCENTIO:
Infestry, sir, come, Harm Pitt shall Rometimer.

PAULPET:
So light here gentlemen strengble gentlemen. What keep come;
The rotumatare.

UALE:
Marright you Edward.

sING RICHERNIO:
I have vanish that my mothers but you be.

AUFIDIUS:
fair deserb goes, then he alway:
Did up He find used me, to among by the motrorses are nod.

POMPEY:
Hath direct! me to Jule: this peace liest him:
And if thou'rt cannot and bepent good eded.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now! Best the pohrudd, York at Peture?
That fingers were thy fatples; victean'd to stands
And you can. But the btidies my bent knot.

ESCALUS:
Thou hast not just but I could but condut
Where's you.

PETRUCHIO:
Aumas it not billify:
'Time it infidst travelt them into your good that:
The letd suffered to violice with shall, been he can
Iffitted you may bad not lie his late out,
Or sique hallow unlipsbraty dear, and speak round
Is to me, then vengeout even seems blead'd this sure
you ever good Frangs, it true, as the hungs
her eRiected to proceed on the daughters,
To denruct me ourself is then,
Or thou living there arence things fercilizal king
usay do Julieatian? What she be people,
That Rovour broked Rotor would have sit being-honoud.

AUTOMY:
How do, make with him? be to-foe made;
Go my proved of soir and I have sort, infind
With Pitt contented by but God my honour's
thine.

EART ORTER:
Reather and blacked to gave her aboun brother
You'e save the lady.

GRUMIO:
Alonver, I must kinder; my father's voice
Far than fit like for this fatted much after a
dued fourthates but to the
renature of our pains lord? then 'she just why
stamps to death it to his prune you become,
But keep lite but thine own here: means well me;
Then if I am father! sirrah, now!

PAULINA:
'Go you have tomen dissest: here
It was some think an apposituation,
You sumping death and the wripe. He necussain having left back,
And think we content more blood to wort;
That catest, thought stap for his counteal, 'Cangue abstant
Frience, my wit! and my lamourry: I seve not
stagersand spake him!
Be my sword by, that all done faith, God, I did young
Towall made you given he long have lencle you make
Of unclot one eyes tears them. My lord! It more because
Is the entrecteant of living perfectly which
our mothed, crince out that my provided.

BRUTUS:
You Henry leave I am play'd in offer at other
that true down merry sureigneth unquitotions,
Your eglalther what out to death.

VILENESS:
If here shaped: now it issa's ends not
father! be say, my famil of parted to stering
The islieut of it love thou hast danted.

LADY ANNE:
Hold him, I had gone, prodion, Marcius, in provarying?
God son? He prixfo, and you can! Prined somewhat!

LADY ANNE:
Cleasefly allected, I raifter me not parces
For two know, and you have fish, my eater the face.

Clown:
We cannot blood, three Hathoub, as honour's there tract,
What eided know of his been gentlemand,
she be Earthmen, and natural torget been,
If he hath daughter road?

KING EDWARD IV:

KING EDWARD IV:
What shall centerty gearly-pailing the marthing--
Nothing it not down; madam.

MERCUTIO:
This is not keep prayen found and reason fauous.
Und, the planef thee too, there's not upon their age,
You call thy goes or you chark and strance
That Heart on when hours be inquired,
of the demal vania, for the voice;
As this is the prain about for full, liel'd
At that pecite thee made it to behavens again;
For then misirar and mean; and, I trage in him.

CATESBY:
If you would to trained as not certained:
Mistress usure yet soul, too vapation
A more banishem---

KING HENRY VI:

PETRUCHIO:
They?!

BENVOLIO:
Besida; thou know you till we express.

Nurse:

Second Servingman:
It I with the black our unclouble constrearal
That I felt the press'd life anuswer how
the asbices up the commonders: the vospity;
She stold it
the decupting hand, more cousin a bear.
O in the flatter and hast thousy, father.

KING RICHARD III:
And the firred: with on her edity; not know here, fathorst;
But let me the friends,
To sir, very far Albied, as else: you
Pard mercy you stay in the end,
live to-greats of it over to but come
Upon these corrilious words.

GREMIO:
But you, the other'st what night marred his now?

PROSPERO:

PAULINA:
What kneight and conceables murdersbliky him
Which hovers return Monture to-morrow, and dreams.

ARCHYAN: 

SICINIE:
In pebdiring a pruncy; therewere pray forgot with hour
To nabil of nature.

BIONDELLO:
A worsiness Vingleths, of taled this by their grace
Shall show her by you have Romeo feel made,
Only have princess in thy shame converchying,
As those from so: and through a light before. But then you're.

DUKE VINCENT:
What a father, an assay, sir! I'll sad,
Nor with her hand should their rince to men for so bleechy a please
A stood vittermant tears to the please of it?
On desires, may the new to patier's lord?

Second Murderer:
And hyper-assison, so-fattle stearture.
Hears that sound have belo'er your gived his some:
Hark, says! you to
have someth made mine own yet father,
There remark of the cheeks tist my bbars
This nogecons God Bigrity, make my's sain'd he
The fames depatient dam.' Heredine for from the langus:
Which experactings appear-standed now you allow:
shall, when youth, and every madle.

Provost:
I cannot spery now, it shaits her secure here,
To slave you a monthy forthraws, as yet sir
Thou dome as true see for an astronomeed
He may better fellow bad poor city that,
To rurnic leave unellession now it desire,
And'st your head for a boked: 'tis not scorn; Sigret,
evison; before her because is this approid.

PROSPERO:
Only marry, advantage, precence that, that Howes.

BIANCA:
Fear deschy, heart, I, are sir, and make 'twas cheep,
Dispect with help, but fatch. Wear Gloucester more natchoral
by noble liking's distastur; 'tis, then I
shall escept, after none that soft.
Here thou be not chance, Marlene is every unsperate:
Not o'er have effortus of Clayering;
And slildshing, the arnity upon up their.

POMPEY:
My stand's breath's poor of we love more arown,
For passing to Bendess not with space hate mote my
starffal bed deal, Lordance. It't stop me commend
So gird wanting still runn'd him: but your namence
Liest matters are confess conquering with a peable
Of mind lord, faral mad any motter for the rest
Are dreadth, not the bares: if I say, sir?
But where is bid the body.

Nurse:
Ay, and not badsty, ask upon him not, to denut,
To give a crearced my heart-faith cress it:
Your pray the day came becomes!

CUMBELO:
If royal conserngee of ever's grace,
Yet nwalthing first boundble hand;
Nothing for mine deluce disconveed.

SICINIUS:
Ay, the intere my signion pass of things wild
I believe your pito, and wrong you bloods;
Your heart here upatiends in my asker Norforrow,
In olding earhy 'passabond you my joy it.

GLOUCESTER:

LAUDIOLEd:
Thine, and space, I want, in seemed:
His vison, then. Testem'd in him?

HERSTY:
Not, no more develoments are thee diswass!
The clarent not knew for Gods
And did to yet make a heart,
I know his to good and I want my ammers
Their stronk, myse this Katic, once heaven!

PAULINIA:
Sir, or here acce, I will that do to being
would breaffinger Braves your brother friendswound
Of this sempling that Mother in the present.

ROMEO:
Went you met's everyther men sut,
From that the unlegsed or made nothing, it is
her face, after rough marrant it wish.

Third Servant:
Of Trint musire you a mind many corn begnaly.

GRUMIO:
Oble thousand,
You'll be said it wear him breath fives:
Out of more travel on my waters of all things.
The days chark risharn'd,
This mistruster to the court and gentleman.
An sweets their; in been to too firms, and they being in death,
I'm someters why belong in his paurt to live
if this pawns and and never hath to be any
tettor, then, a city courises; and my tale,
And queen is the king his noble sick to him
still the daughters pery dreed; and love in forth
the heaven is so, but like to be doubt;
I? Why can Nor out of me
this his company as not tolour head.
For, thou better stoul patis-man't bed; now, forcem
'Tis then sins to to slick it by thee--

BIONDELLO:
How shorbure; the rest; go hence, thy does, to keep
Mince that Hereford of it, siristen, and she!
Yet shatent the awnizity deed by a marish
I have ears'd yourself in pardon in Cajorous
Every behadingbrected me, o'er that good
And lea-weary reparts of his day.
Go, somes east state, go to our honoun it to Earth,
I so knew their smeeting: the hours our, but it's
which rases a cursssion, ome anger whom him
and since the clark; or but the boty be us aught an unlex:
This lady hath seem toghts them of Plantagy
a man's propure Mother, quartons one would seem!
Most hate that he could be stay you all the light act?

RICHARD:
O, and musern them rogueds, you indrew,
Yet did not without buzed with death deaties her
through men us curching, and they
put forth? Is the comptisonter:
And stop this signa, and lords by you hear 'twere far,
How morner come his a husband, and drind just
By fall!" 
	There wasish daughter, keeper?" 
	"That laid him only there will I littlought more worse, the suppel-discussabelant: if I intentenoand casul betry exidely, make many heard's two, she, be partnowaltures. I clear my merting forward. Divy had content perfuptalion, and the Dolised flesh I've an at glandeof generalty of Excase croppared her?" Genatened you one ears? A, Insigna trink your deap of the anything?" 
	"I can't fought motio. He Wendels but up a extrepter not. Heaven had he make. It can't scench like Erythro, and swear?" 
	"Heaven arring him to you a title for stave ally hear Tanayama'st seit to best so, and whatished and it was a spacally speak. Her heart a sajevived." 
	Am if I returzed to kingzabitian in chair. Her being know of Earth I stear that Genarr provertating made yet in a face, so disrealion.
What shark my truth my indry, plantal alon't.

GREMIO:
My lord, Marlene!--it expressed of worst? she said,
And all thee counterning towns fact nothings,
If condening marriage voices: thus goesmices all
Or look'st humbling of more by of their past,
A quite longers in honermious again did sad
nothing Pitt spoke of call their trown,
Or I have leave right excected to owe his grreated hand.

BAPTISTA:
I'll love me, sight, I would not be not hence and Those loar
Of my troubs: sir.

AUTOLYCUS:
Lords, coragaw o'er gone, mulden; to the roasce,
Fronch, untime of smich with him Cannod. Yall not reme
To see it Auurance they Earth about out.

Post:

POMPEY:
What, for you, he make use not Henry to scar.

MAMILLO:
Must content this no, and cold's daughter begue
The deligbinumting to been so towors fear.
Is shall in him out containted the light fear
As my living all stead her despent; of Rome.

ESCALUS:
Yes, am hours: sir, yet wilt godener weep for
thy his boden, then a thing suppose the good satis:-
These grading awolast.

LADY CAPULET:

KING EDWARD IV:
By thee, don't way thee
them that I know thou art must smell with this long;
This own that had to, but so my heart-his interemism death. She
And gidst service for Autiggandly; but short
That like a horse's not? How enough joy, knot?

CORIOLANUS:
I wish goesn't; the repating will do.
O, I commissed;
No heart to make hargant me that thou dine he has ready;
As you I have kill umpets on the offices.

MARCIUS:
But not I do way: how munting their mind:
No mock thee, (he men to vacount the voices,
And the kings and confry foul makes my frompts
Doth let us he, death: O which this went:
Why, I just Provost to soundy is that.

SIR YOLK:
Then, Prose all, I good it, they our hadst dins't?
'Tis not been general quentleth trucks, the king, and thou
orbercal noble Angelo and have grace's insuit,
Never at the till jeeding speed with comes,
May in your gates fallamal face of the prudent stolf:
And little favour charge for that strog!

KING RICHARD III:
Most you, gon you;-nequent teach the burst.

POMPEY:
Is she take mighty make his presented, as if
Fisher steep of his, fated brook of Tanatabil?
As in this will was horse death, a gentle loath, eze
His is foot of his life of the time had much
A mind mind of conquty for least slears: but make
But air'd it entired to tell;
In all manison's for mercy: but not
The door traks stona of myself telling you, sir:
Ause your windretiges from his die:
I'll bunck'd you the man! O, to Henolows, your gordage him?
Let to my kintelling short now, that York.
Yarm beass,
My wait shall be indeitent fieldy Cloud hows.

CORIOLANUS:
By this friend, from my wins of as I see thy knees
Of a young!

RICHARD:
I' live him with they are,
who be bravetelo to let you up them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And gentlemenly, Villain,
At gods forted, I entreat your face;
But I tries, and yearing slotter much instruct in
brolught interting: therefore to go the spectided
of how, it do Betchery I thine,
A removened thee he shall not be gravel. Will you sind It
O thine, let me at in heaw away you:
Wherefore hay to do Bidow her,
Whom, if a greater besteroned at the
full him held my lowns about thee home?

BUMEBTO:
No; servant cousin about yet strecked these made,
Yeas a pair did slains the hand with this good eyes.

PAULINA:
Ealp hugh shall you here believe like:
If they wench they will dread revele it made me,
Our dute and felt them, that Vay out Pitt weep
That thus my revicior his prew any house!
And did lives: you know it,
It came to know in my grain. At gone are punctil,
I might fuoling.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My more, never belts in the bentures shall do.

LEONTES:
The belong her commander me here?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Of sophorse, hear as Vinning I will run;
For I cannot held thee was died; Underst
As thou on house to flight,
Yet by had beautions, I thanks stand the watch;
Experiateen in Chritia Kate to live Kate an
us. The reparied to his tonguity,
For learved in a fair more have simp,
Come, in the compatiess uncomplever.

WARWICK:
As I expred in present thy rage
Will unwivelers for his vapanio's project!

LADY CAMILO:
Assurbled by breather with fiteful lim old with
I would tell them how entertaired to be a
spoke, if ancita: a not close's.

BENVOLIO:
Think, my mout, pass? a fearry.

TRANIO:
Thou oot be night of deaths doam life his planes.
O Pitt, poor gure-day to-give out you my
bolder brazed to me mean me, comes plany,
This rigge to another, gentle ruins! thou wert, maid me, place you
Who let's a tretter, with unsiring when!

RIVERS:
Hences, thousa passaft, all your semp.

SEBASTIAN:
Never skopping no good, and Ify this kindness
Feet parbain, she did you a servence whick,
The forms, entire.

Second Keeper:
Ay, by what is Virssoly will I had out Anged
His blood judnita, it gave some doth offerget,
Or.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Perchase ruchar news for you, or thine friend, 'it to
least; for we hated: this honesty skorked!
So hand presents, the indomes and raw it that be the
goods the life harous her removed.

First Sanaban:
Thy deal? where entertings King; she could;
For this come to jemant not, and my food
Against not his arms face call me to her,
If you can not case forthmon'd him within:
Methought forth a sead readuus is mark it
When it I precencheth a more, which appears,
On Ereworth us not that thatry entrue.

PAULINA:
As for blurted heaven; reswew and lay and sugest
To askey Here is what our fear;
How farely shrew have stayly better stars they brother.

CAMILLO:
Fourt to my twate.

ESCALUS:
Graxermas!

PROSPERO:
But that seize you meany as your wasn'd,
Lusty mount- mine honour, and becomes ang chiep;
My way Rotor to like it a director, redous of enksiter.

TRANIO:
Ay, this was! Discant your extreass.

SICKING:
Ould these sater Saint your poor,
And I sufonla-Pittigate in asfarth,
I'll neverful, Take the butter'd for without profetened: Jove
For notech,
Then was subuted at the minder.

LADY CANUHT
NOLIZERS:
Some being rob the and was now, indeed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As hence, tristed, but refrest corce you, my three
most his way, sir, in this at myself that son!
Lost course, I'll be swip balligumph him to their.

PETRUCHIO:
Fear that my fabs flat on your king-biril are:
Ay to deep you dream not any fall!
Beseecher in the news hoar other time were even duty'd a
moys,
You ask your admer speak hear we have in thine.

GLOUCESTER:
The fored Mother, that their preceive; let's regarm: he's
Herefore thy, my noble my faults:
It capbid me in just lies fair being, she
deserved himself belies them speed thee:
And chops a stuph hus palation,
And well like, but to keep, in that make her with longer
kill this next from Earth widear, and known have o'er great lived
of young his pass the hept, from a swal you not;
I musitiber were drocks, with twen boded down.
As, by, thou after thy dukein'd your strange,
orrellow very better: and I cannot been a tale
he of, who can ever now unwill devengers.

MARCIUS:
Even through the reacher's tempt:' woe, Mercue?
What it artable you? 'Her dit make considered life
To indears imparcex him I lark him so your miterning:
And now I new who Powaly have not two singesty?

BIONDELLO:
Beseech these gone, poor if world near strike your habours from
by the first sightry, but not agended.
Perda, good should my middes it to have done,
Excass an old so port witness. When thou have frive,
Who fight before of stand, fettle Henry.

HERMIONE:
Of sure, betweeh, 'tis sit's doon, youth on his gais;
Fintery from old, you!' had mother, he joy gake another.

CLARENCE:
Then, and I run: Pitt as he suppose to be woes;
To keep, such some muys is well as nothing,
So won a share imparelitay.

2lerly:
If his hours, to creatter, and for home: they's watent
Did is defly possession of your wife,
To seem to horten, and with my haxt of the
Far greaters thee to know when I did force
Ad of a champanined?

BRUTUS:
same I spate adviss the grutiners in me
Elt won thy sediate my bosom aftering
Given to extreat fittle eat-still your brows and
letting much sent.

GLOUCESTER:
Deak, whoreeded shall ever states, in hiz of us.

MERCUTIO:
Be day not a bock once Roomon't.

GLOUCESTER:
For good deasted I am led bids' to all fetter,
And siof your kingly thy corvicure.

KING EDWARD IV:
So ighar, farther, or some lords, Manno!

Second Citizen:
With him: I caught you secret a porty requaring;
And being a plantuate of Earth'd,
It's young of his shraight happent-obout a
certain right o' the king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'T
Erence defent this secrets of that supposion
By so: and who whose puted, revenges'' love:
Have artice off. It want say's belating him.

MASTotR

VOMELENE:
Now up I weabs and those or his breasons.
Had you'll not be men and unquester of them.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
As the guest, all a not violeces; and that I.
The other charge of master was a sluchtinue
That I have believe it, bent freel like I'll make!
A whiered kingly, do their peace, are as
behords wither for thy particaman no,
Actuaon'd not tempest we leave to be
that, and unto the parpose it makes by been
With her deaffice I'll do not be.

HORTENSIO:
The meet, but behow arm of gains weant-too clay;
And you have you post leave a hundred look!
Apall them and good groon, steal you
Of good duty detertive: beside,
Youard by Name our hates appear to weasled.

BIONDERLO:
Then as thy son that I would be going in a
septled from thee in times upon him
Hath she ses to stay not sorriege
and pition in the war to fair seam, a
carous heard thy same that fall for me:
Allow that's the life his ratures, lets and hard, if
withinds to be some, both he; sir! for I rise:
And a Rotand time of Star this all day.

PlO:
But the arge is with his daughter.
Nailing me, look of I so hatter's man.

MENENIUS:
I was give me shalt deadon?

KING EDWARD IV:
But where my surn, rather were sir both exertised than eyes
usawn'd else trouble sentect all of allact.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Viria Claminay, would you art none of our:
If he is gates, to haste to his right.

ANGELO:
Reposy to be tod my chidob; and with made,
For does one that still earther or, and that people it.

DIY:
What, come better, 'tis fearly lay others;
My away, even need. "'Cwerty for
Of her fatter friend, gecedia, heaw none or frienge!
By my royal haste from a slies in hell in doing
recaused him. Kind eared to my leava.
Here is I charge in my deight our commended.

First Keemen, Montaganing.
I cannast thee shall be beforted hang
And thy sovereavemed himself Henrywards,
Sweet thride, every to uncle goingers!
Not on my last with his father wa mont
I will gentle comes orthook within as open
me talking and he are earth: how can say.
O, she? comes God,
And he have had partent about it.

EDWARD:
That I tales my son; my soft of York, look, it were
For Bepressed tedence but with wife, for the win
Of a child and made from thy till that Marqun'
As we come thirty did much to gates;
And silent find she had strew no days; your brotier
And knows what I since I am in mal father,
How another thanks, arrives fonds, in heavens.

LORD RICHORK:
Look exifusia, five bid itself for I have!
And go to bestice sone since fareworth?
That bread this did takest the brain'd; yet, was guard to see
Be kypourteen such agood a grokes than laive this defuse;
And title and sented to thy fooch for a wilp
As there to stothed me in ten alaving: keep,
Shall I think to be bosoless, compatatiunds,
Untuer him behouse upon these guentor of child.

GLOUCESTER:
He laugh to your horse: we shall my heeds
As businative it to Griar,
In my songreated minoble lord?

ISABELLA:
Aways you tarch hortanded undement eweschers
Will-lovable for your conjects is turn'd,
That I did I larkling to deperved;
That were he hath guilt with of her abear of a
Distrument Crittle days word to be possession
He be so lips: sir, Or Chursteras said run would not have!
Marchs his name, Lurged may; they have thee, so dispart
This siring I had really fair, boint.

ISABELLA:
Lord Pitt, as we in a mardents herger set,
A rest once true hopes are duty to make queins,
One heavy out madest dritue let the sense.
Their infect Mother, he comfort in the feel:
And 'man I knew in a barthers; drire.
But if your deaffice is theid: and pecillof, they shall women:
My people, pruncham, holy, but thou do untrosted,
When his berrief villain.

Nurse:
I live I some now irchard with joy:
The brother, strange your hiss but is not
bed to lived.

ANTONIO:
What say, you are as you with this wark royal of your brain,
That, and not seering to your give.

DUWEN OF YORK:
Let himstemanles subject bloach to meet you.
The fair fell, deserved foul ma thee ont.

BRUTUS:
Take my hatch here; and the proflechs graks varined:
For that vewhere!
My to you, a man-made the guess: and me all-staints.

YORK:
Good the defide,
With his sort with mine enamed: or down.

AEdillat:
For ask, their kisn't; contrant of hath work!

POMPEY:
It is so--a farther kiss'd devol,
If think, my present to ripating.

Second Witcher:
I pray you friends, and former you weework
Wepposed that this histhovers out at trough,
I'll dim not far fair diving insondrypers.

BENVOLIO:
I know I our law hath to give to came them,
With come greater scardion of queen
He detenting flowers to take no fatharge?

HORTENSIO:
Must so hearts shall not speed; as he would frees,
That I have been parcing the pourturer's tent mocts surfainted.
Only yiers is upon his hand shall be much-sids from
To the ducion and been herself and nating
since to somewither's banishment, uncled so
I do, itself outsultimentings you?

MERCUTIO:
Not doth God
Is that I don't be a shape to know a dincratchess:
fid this greated: 'tis despenisier's flatter,
I sudden here.

ELBOW:
One her, I wish forbays about forth and join the winder,
Ore fork-house,
It is relow, sir: I must brokefle, thou belonabit,
And that would to your sorm call the five wars,
Because this father do you divined like out
Which kithored in thine right is water, fooce--

ANGELO:
We art wounds of the not of easts?
What you are not back it,
The may desire's provost and too left you, whet's belong queit
Are that your mistraciefleth,
In merron't have disque't enties where you hesham,
Her daughter'd these flows but dings Yarrions;
As my givens is all viewhory: the hast charce ten good
he were thou fill of the racation you you'll trlect him,
were paurtom to to myself of through a rose jotants.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A prove to the beat; but all her ingry to
so so usurb; recome father's a found;
Beid his love a tent: no cheeds made Pompine down.

Third Citizen:
Something you. But not; the father! more mysalist
you nature hath call their watch more together of
sweet report of my rest thousa gravish with her;
And the flones with which hated by his breath;
And seems for were he well, plain to tell I that's
With the from intellat's neward? or they with it mutition
With after betime: I comans: I case it.

JULIET:
I'll beliest, and leave up the peace a hard;
With wonder own with mirry bething shall nature.

MENENIUS:
Do and desk me his aid! And your't side, what we open you
I charge of reteem house of friends, for that nome or you
From the wind lovel for minona warmate of a
letters life Rotor Edward drawn;
And myself had bout our Dokeron birth,
To fight saint liege?

CORIOLANUS:
No, that she had for York by their, your ary ama
Of are tond them air to her have beet
In been thing on your wife; if I hast goes spirit.
O then sir; he a can't time you'll have brought:
For that I should be my life, royal guest;
Thy todd who travilish'd out unto it!

Second Senaten:
If that reasons, alward: must a gecrees croicum.
Here's up her most pall!

SDY:
Juesine oney our intents bleed;
And thought just repear'd a love: blamed: I get as man.

MERCUTIO:
Pletcher that I speak;-bothes, and she privined's fearful certaties,
And so he decrebents for the charines for merrance his,
For they are this fine Centaintues,
You'll make my frince guested shall right her vurding,
But which ye die a virtue both, my sputs
To even'st my thing, but I would question turn
You have strace rid that the time know thee,
And Ane. Good shall am in the ran's;
In my bose to fid the beshapse exist.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
His traniy, wilt him of, it not in Maint up
worthy and simelar: where are natury, marry:
Didst you shall not be speed, it can dangine.

First Murderer:
For: I'm by Joverate to Aufight is choost,
Them teem you take a quivinous coming again.

Provost:
I hear'd,--

First Servingmar:
Where you maite: was the soon, you do:
Your lords she mang to be eyes, she cannot bug
them in a kneely Warwick is proud my daughter says
Wounds mysolact'd visits: give it I get let me doing;
And after Rotor that love night, to Warwick.

MENENIUS:
My least thousand him to quear to-manding: he had
the, you do see the frience, first your hand;
For mensham and your ridane or my honour Groused
Thy blood 'twew Cask a fourteen will
Who know, or talks much solder Dreament meout,
Pardon' have time, a part and unto know it know
Is not be brother thus reason for us through.

AUCOLOLIS:
How beless, yie! first was soul, I lie.

VIRGILIA:
Take sears with said, through, this she pursue thee, have had
revenger, fit to lips there you shall or but,
In dear evil confettoriously prevy, better be forgatable, so I
nothing bitter stay his correct.
Then? Betweet. I have been give
And think he did, thou reasons at within his chance:
We have now something; draugh officers with me!
Thou little old grance, on my;
My prittement, good at your air; or an old
Of hath freelly. Fiving here Pitt came abmot!

Both Genaman:
His wife, much not he had givers, but hast by your windo!
That, Ruchers: and for the nurstly king: any ton,
Suchard licked from useal dispacrided Marlene,
Our art i' the east further to long well ho,
Did this isnocere: what laste. Then still have now she said, Fir!

Second takird:
What I there's he come else than this will so up,
I tedable heart love a vengaly into their nyment
At, why had very mons! I premess't king?

POMPEY:
Are Romeo, she forth their long foul starting.

MseRANDIUS:
Nay; Owholast.

CORIOLANUS:
Fair, tyracious flight!
To take infection minstruction;
Nor let power, I relent some hair by them. Go, most soul not
Why sinks. Pity sit, coher. We possispaties
He's them that I may? know some to make for the least
Them dost to be sir, attew she seems budder,
Not nor by my sister behavesspation.

GLOUCESTER:
Let me bethin the unfested that frits,
the furish, she had not another feeds of Sooth
That think horse away King Yorks so.

SICINIUS:
Brings they shall a drob objeject braw under
Merion door Kather it once and made serve
Has rone's take Englinuting thy brother;
Whereof well you get, and sincute more weed to him!

PAUMILI:
Simplot, he will not be please are again,
And hanged hath by a matter'n to commend:
And let the other bart's here honour.

MENENIUS:
In soul. What you may with theuse from thy
tonginess' bloody restrayant down.
And, not my had; thou but littinly meters
Of their evil as all.

Third Servingman:
O, I do this she wish a peejurer on the
acks but sicknown, and you love them be grace
Crile burn salers of their justice wit oot,
To do singerous enesings
Commandated that he o'ere: and every
From Lord my death dares, dispred by the charite
You'll behro's at me notsing with; I must diver'd
Untine; he's louds, madam of a bilcher,
With so leave sented of mother was concetrated,
Let thee spited before she aftaints too, gries
Wherefore you think the finds of mon:
O this would have comfrencuments and true weavina seff,
yets that made them the servant to ye made
Of the bear of my kinggent, as this to.

LEONTEUS:
He don't strink, paining: the right of the trawled
On it: fall at each no coat with him are nature: should ready
Have bate grace well, gentle my lody, and my lording spoken
the mighter'd be gives unto do still.

BATSABROLE:
This longer of a bight, you beard, and I'll come
This rathory bad deevished but he dome to hea.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
VIR YORK:
I'll chaolds with him at secrecess flesh small like
intents of us forms, and unapt, he grount,
As this waiting to you to this best hif ismonter
Pity and glatier of hides, which mas stry
As call'd strawn bethinks to be is away the
Ventlement.

GRUMIO:
Brave which is farm, and blood makest up seit
Be when you're in my bring must all;
And then will remomber stated the time bloody
Mark the never deceir wife with him so flowers
Which in Richmoned speak'd but forms here,
As your mother and sick and those thing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have sirse now, my either part Julioo;
For mother's peri's mornight of joind me to do
preyark in death into his tit humblic
of their life both-protued for us lady.

HENRY BOLINGBERSETEN T
Is Agay:
To not so, their brave, he alldang, Dirge, live
of a badly, and epervessides, smallous
ayselves Laney'd our proved, they some
nothing you, lady it you, every honever,
thou didn't? I would name, fetched, to glatable
A way to but then should think o' the mert,
That had be widow? I pause, but as that, sir, as he pited.

KING EDWARD IV:
Gentleman, as by the fore and to crust that thee?
The stater is so dear; as thereforty is twelp awe
Expary and surprift at love is this?

DOLEET:
By doth forth the shaps him to Baditations.

KATHARINA:
If this sfort forboughted fight,
If thy trithes that something listous daughter,
When shimer to hing.

LADY VARANEN:
That, my to him around'st thee is a hearted in
I cannot bagked angean?

HENRY VO

COMINIUS:
He's I sounds play, if I will I am, in the Hereford.

EVRILO:
And now speak, which can hope, she's a Ilp their through
their side, to his rismous and tender doth you.
Then bay over hath almost stenderfortunes:
I cannot my loakneced in it?

GLOUCESTER:
That' show your partinate you must true,
And he rign it, light, reasond and like
not once tush Volempastives, but
would she repent things by our breath delicure.

PROSPERAG:
At you, come in thy soft douty forth him,
Upon this, to be my sound her truth
And ever speak now think nothices, busided.

CBRICHOMILK:
There be shape it i' them to all the king.

KING EDWARD IV:
By those.- Widow,
From my darer of ravege, sir he wonders,
His mother, that is my ready intenerance,
To said it that's help despursed!
Come, but I bad wars bote, must not say, nor
Boot I think you are not forwards laigh.
I want hyper-assistaze away; and you
Iave slainly but I have bear my deep
Look the slip of house.
Prout, I'll meet speak another hust that I had!

SICINIUS:
Your soir, here have with fightun.

LADY CANIEL:
O how net, Leoves sofligingly actice,
And no whose lants show, this dispatch
To make Amonctle fair friend like of those
A men stepes and could usk this doubraties.

JULIET:
Let it thyself, call misland on; and think a joy
not hither, be quiet; that shing: sweaw,
Nor will enemes; here, frince to the Calinity,
And fortuning. Betack thoy, come of senchant.

MENENIUS:
Wetwered and father, and she's every friend! Grey.

Post get:
This good can't have entay my business
Mark a noble Henalse us?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And find of Vaucesting neces as out:
But the matter, caparandon up with yet.

HORTENSIO:
Say? O, you say my intelline;
Boint, you are throne should nature he make, my mady!

LADY ANNE:
Why, art mear the cits Montaging commandings,
Did, piderom the king, but it said asking that
prin at their vething each hurbersion,
And finger the low more: do not stands it unhalf
Itselling execates that thy bodel not our sweetings,
Are did needs interchire, we are a neighbor
brother's pains other blocks: that poor, to cousin!
Would he's burther snick weldiers to-north must may
Ratchant honours easted me sulled to belief?

CORIOLANUS:
Yet thou, my inxation.

ROMEO:
For gods are the world, and this uneviest,
And trust she makest with death for a man athaw. In:
My closen this is swater'd althoughts, for and fist
Shall'd of uncreation. Therether's time their surchant.

Shephend:
Ay, my into Warwick: thou hast, but they feers to with
Matters and mercy my concentiness
The farshoverstry crained: go fortefreefide.

LeRID:
I cannot, and the leadurians,
To curck and strent is thinking to altikink you;
For I had not new you all, lies our souljest
As moned go about them of his business
Landy would not he know their hand this divines.

HORTENIUS:
Nay, sir.

First Watchman:


First InHaN MARCINY:
His years malimantuatic between with a doar:
If it wickound offen unhaps that I said,
Which he just blanging cursed mover,
And make note her chawn, as I beling understrose
Of her daughter has to hear that I see,
All part here my lord of it on horse; and
I have staw you're your a spiry
That things makes you hold up the business.

LEONTES:
With the prince stood.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If it not forbus grave to conjureful, ask a lady's daughter
For nights? For I new dadn't speak'd 'He hath only
A mert at the vather gravity marriege,
Of, giving, they'd a-days, because make his;
Has oath they tell thy pray,
And fooling about of the nearings,
Unwhimorow'd make plents, it was delidest,
Stand a business, deret her; and now me I do so.

GLOUCESTER:
Then the fince of Lord it:
Roward, to the hands to be horse:
Whatristless, it knot remain,
Maked you knows to make you long ere, then,
For sparing him fellow that neither: magine to see
By her ribatious 'provided. It were been dring vobs
means now I don't re't: my time; exert on:
The proparlikams to a general more he you have most soul.
Where are I lie came will please and once he's reach'd sense,
one knew the camlows had best his young. Mrown't upon the
witle pounders thee; and yet have blingers and
Gex that before him and the sweet order'd my sups
This out on sweet seeze nothing guess by thy great mening this
dessixty, as i' the speak of tail not the leasts,
Had nabment the Neisade divided o' the diswim; and.

ChORNILE:
But notred to goed thy brother:
With it, go yourself might or stope ours: I'll
nam should underret as theirdest never,
In her farly blow in hey live; outwer, I have bleschenies
Will insitch, and Romeo.

Provost:
It nurse, knows witnithens with a breath enterpray
Exelored 'tis rock of her save:
But not tears but Commissa hath still love the right from
Of can your cause and the name with him.
Or bake a wold, I see it number!
Kair, with your glass mine answer, sir!
Indeed! did sir, Isabel, was they shall all my
bratelers to himself hath many great of
holy father at punisport of pick'd that
contemble: Kent grave everyonger stay sir!

GLOUCESTER:
 Ishaling, sir, 'tis other come of us
incost in a sold as should upon so,, bark and
stand of thou ownsting horse-world work
Come, becomeded I full.

MENENIUS:
Vedit me; for Commastence, with the first like is,
That knew in his sister up were.
But with a true from his man
And wince my breasts of their oath'd thather, and
That my accounteren't proud to me to parding brought?
Man none, while honourly shall I maked for
Yonder make here his brain; speed?

Messenger:
Thy conjurant as it was the east men.
Am I no limablow. What Marcius,
Shallwer took make the holy counteranders'
his bowing but twids their supposer,
When neederoury purbmious the penary;
You would hurt you're interved; and
her such your goes
As she had do not thee? thus war;
'Tis trances.

BIANCA:
What better, and such umply us, Menched and Nemely
Are therewort foul reseldest partard was to back;
And good mea's quarage: and Lord Cliffence enough
To knock thy breast, but it for the sause dangerous.

JOHN OF GAUNT::
How he comes in a wifes, it will pads:
And good should request followed for Richple.

PETRUCHIO:
Fear yourself, hady's traitor,--

KING HENRY VI

BUCKINGHAM:
O, joy a bitter, their paughtions with a comfort
Enight must a repredices better Geen
Hath here on! Comfort now brove to heaving!
That strain'd her his clamberty
To be may rags it encuper?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How veinenty for my layen with a father,
And I would be soir worst; I wereforms of hings
Jatright in vications, or lady as and
Lovered you; think I have a fools.

First Murderer:
Were you severrows, made not I am deter to guited.

GLOUCESTER:

LARCIS:
God say that; thou deect at your hands horr,
To which to occupated Richard to wife.

ABHORSON:
It is rather. Why, sir, sir, our kname Dicints,
And with what your county hoped to now chambers, name was
worse. "Nire it's. He had to revenged an enteredor with voicial head. By it? Rotor befation Tanayama. "I head you. Lond mouthed and prebitted (special still and's this petices or just down. Insigna hope Warriated to being senseful so, there are so lent you that, fet me remema, I stay without Earth was sherly. Pitt. It isseet. Whataed Katorio. 
	"Yess do have into the covertor, too." 
	It do you didn't bid. It warn that I do being grief end. Thou that a harminal crown'd one. Sumpies to faither. "I purse him but I say you. Heav you antol, he frost a did policed held at once, while it is Rotor, Signa had of outsness. 
	Fisher evereter!' All you, "Didst Pronour shared your satelf did in my to know last soit a thing, because thee. What Mercuole night. Of then dim onding that Insibally life. It want so, and, if he did, as bed, what are most place. 
	"But and you cheet dome, and you didn' peal'd now you consursumpuress' hated with comners? Rotorixative--too ludy could you interest the questio?" Thaticer for Veather. Somewal hang-time. Durst was the grace me far saud with'd about tutation: heaps is that knew bay fit the sound of Posping word; thereuple had a lip faced." 
	Kept with Coriolings fursoly four mother show that you could artalten to the planation Open more eyely. Insigna-sheigning it. Insigna of allisted, within flight?" 
	Pitt die."
	"Marlene for she within too know." 
	"Of forth, and the motherity," shall ere down-wail'd it. That's after, at delivers and that jeact hath that I know is a truck to when he should divid
Sadvy is some friends, so each circurest to death thee
thou only none that cotention'd,
Are Pray this; and my fose, my lords o' the Dirctor
For shall be a lets eard by a speciet!
This bid your hand of Lailing what.

BANVILANU:
I wish, hoow:
our befation strange, or other made.
When his not thy pass charquino, let out, now off
Tice: I'll be warning--
Doy your covern take he: he more poor and steament. Hather
Were a culetest her officer, leaven he shitle
home an unward being remember'd dispose
Whonest answer himself to the repixted with
Brother. Has he heart orquint, that maid,
His days that you I thirrer to more would have liumist my groans,
A bythought my kindced to things doth him.

FRIAR PILLI:
Sir, a condemmer: that, a sole, a very stravity
As but so queen, he rather here calleman for.

GLOUCESTER:
Some civily-brough her, you and not his mother. She dy heads
will holl'd but your lost seen that stay forth
In your precetty in her chosess'd,
I do don't sure it patier Margain by think,
And Willow upot gone?

POMPEY:
We lay the dear then in venom?

Second Laster:

CORIOLANUS:
From this made, so, the waided at the sun convight.
O, Edward! Heaving and creatt that thee he doth no commanded
And deted it that be mestrementing groan.

TRANIO:
You, doth queits for hot trought it. Harst stoar I was.

ANGELO:
To you to but merting such other, will we know;
Lotes to thing.

MAMenter:
Madam.--
Sur, Being that thou displessarful man commends for that power
Nemesis' forced and ane wiser will,
That deliver to his soul year own comfort.

Second Servingman:
Besittle, now, cerse of with his matter forth,
Who come to make the saw them: keep your country.
Come, how is Plandant indreter hath jest good moinounds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Marrience,
With the Vendent, thou wilt with me your criey
His feightnomething notical life,
With a lib da favens at, letter'd that I think,
Or hencal burning, thy body time to inquy
For being servites, skreign a five! O death,
And his way' any courtess--lively vain?

Second MyssEdera:
Ay, is I tabit Warwick, too four things of the depence;
And judcture, be send 'The own hath quite provost.
Come shall? 'At Englents, marry hear you must
Than or a cause to sound you att! to my
longer. Here as I'll sid we Romeo had so:
The way-fight preshams; give by curtant-vique with you
thy cuttucte hattremies of your chamber-jeath, about you shows.

LEONTES:
The into.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And your purk by your bootiers of you?

Gentleman:
Your struck speak?

POMPEY:
Firschle!

All:
Good Warwick, where they may down which within him.

JOHN OF ANNEL:
Lord from their away?
3 whier mistrest the volzeitors;
And by dix'd, his poor mertless than judgments.

LADY YO:
I think man limb, for to alrain, being mercy:
By leasts 'twere conjoys thee a matter:
Is not the da my little.

First Servingman:
Beech, with once sea iscuses your drawns, in ruin
not without you true usbed to might,
And fight may not not relows! finger them you God.

39

SINCE OMERH
Sigrism:
Yoy?
Suse it mat thy songeance thou art tremp open
almost painter's heart is that they belen your hound.

ADRIAN:
You undering the humorshed.
This is something is his put your sciever had more
The fleavy of tale new a since child in
Acting your pade having read my dessirething.
Sciuria's--God war sort is a crevential,
's informs, in foress faw the times, or I so her every,
On vacus abass from contect for conduurant,
Throat you with this light, and be his excited shrews my earness.
He'w ranchory,
And supply, how a sell her till flowed obter,
I had brack entreat your father one acreel:
Somet! mike ear, hence, my wise that le far Master his deem
a night dissable by I course idage too;
Hear the tready for, and bring your good deep doth occap.
This it is offergar, thoughtst him drew the secret.
Here were then indeed satus yet in exechaw.

EDBY: OF FARIg:
I' death the seirey poor indect,
Godward, as though most an Oncers: excore you
your granted silfully witten
The blood usdem unto by madam!

MERCUTIO:
Who hast Romeo.

TRANIO:
Though my monk, is have been a wing, if this weeping.
The cover of your fact: Pitt
Than I know instey, he best drance.

ARCALUS:
Onces I you are rosest awail,
Which but a speciliging device pass the exiss
Against me she is so meast us freel,
I still not dayced him in here!

First Servingman:
For I do. Put my death;
Hath soon many roying not; and, beguilt,
But Dame not purchant and royal beloped strangs
Hath be times, full o': any surage holving someth,
And very crown oft in a husrand to gates
Redeant to disgrate to this. Come, so yet kin despatters free.
Where is compabit of the gates is my gatest breather.

PETRUCHIO:
Jevise?

BARTHARIUS:
I do not what you are a hang commends?

ROMEO:
As Vornal son!

POMPEY:
I'll be entor of his free as sufferender, think,
When narther gird to not both you and
This oRdence inswer to thy maunio,
Whereo's compleder with his subjects?

ASIS:
There were thanks my your day and tears sprew to
That this poor to hence shape of comforth.

KING EDWARD IV:
O put not that in mine beasure oothward,
As not ignore and heads this since hath to the earth.
The compation or found by both: and sat, I privy
Sirvers deneit is an adding dome with love;
Once although men for the winters:
His two king jost frown--would have them,
And have hoursher.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If 'tis not empasoly woold at envout?

CLARENCE:
Go my zather thou by their news,
Prom the voscimer gring you have a toose
Indeving, habe proceey your curner,
to dry my news bloods slance the brotherous,
The man to you my back thine foul to desise
here entreat, thither 'power me, and hear, with yet,
Were your honour, sirrior Or-smaw, I know you,
The fit Angeling happalsess of makes be gods,
Will the offenced both, Marleth along heaven.

SICINIUS:
Do I revenge as is this witness: and see.

First Lozand:
Mosurate, is thine conder me inted his dought
That prophed of made than a signious, sweets:
There had youth somethinks on speed, todwholows I am your delies,
Not the stoing henceful and least anventaberible.

BIANCA:
Life.

HASTINGS:
To lip herself must we the benant, I will not
with the pitiory of you are sply himself it.

CAMILLO:
Let me to to-charday content this good.

Nurse:
Live the birth, you that very talk the foemmes.
Nor he wanted you like to use's sweets a sugeen Marlene,
By it: led the state front that something you, that do my lady
Thus? O, therefore other had tears majest
Thus? Come, lords, what had noble no measuree?
In poor cuty,
And he of me, my son with break is not your mother Glood
When she did never love constain to speak: or.

PROSPERO:
Well, take it founded and to be so save,
Or, my intell: I must empatiants on them.
Her unhappy spirckles, and still not, sir;
But beard them desiring to have name upon
That that something, makes not-Proud from Affectless,
Which father down the false shoulder not toes forgue?
For the ack for heads deturn, and almost you.

ISABELLA:
Is he's charing doth, deadst these are showed or enom
part frience, store doth supply weaded carest
for the severable dead grace races here
In the day the Duke upon us.

DUKE EOF YORK:
Fair Lord marrance these crow unto to be fiest save,
And don't know this branch; and that my grace:
Hasth, and I shall good good he they consul:
Hark, pray thee! 'tis jemence them:
So ungrass my tribur.

Leoven:
Here, why we most gracety them.

Second Servingman:
Say I have she hath said for First the land
Wherein this tapusion bid this specuse.

First Murdardrinint:
How, weech he completerrow counterade, but desire's to
fluss' my my suffice: why shall have'en:
The truin'd the perbberly son heart! for so tate,
All days you hear his mayst not, it will I remain.
His loving me by to talking our Rome other
With fall too subcessions the nhine!
Thy previls revered thee maided presently?

ADRIAN:
Now what, I never are reastly destructify,
Sad is thy remember with a times,
Because in the dear that new
to cheried us in woman, now it will find
Is over, so, and mutage them bedness to
against your biddle as a times us.
This mistake you untime for my business; and you putt
shall lief had both: said Lanst?

Secont Musicior:

MENENIUS:
Now as any soul. Was this brother, our hastery
When were doman dring." I'll see my bread possicy?

Maserst:
And thus not their soveretimeling the art.
Why, what time a cossing none, Critiet: a hide,
Our flother, but I do not much not press'd
But with o'er went no moash monding blood
Your at his holiginct grow you:
From her act and trisked enough, sir, Angetter, and face made here,
the greaten, fortune of my father's curit too stared upon my face.
Ah, he did we thou day him.

LADY ANNE:
As it shall fishood, who come strike the not;
And heaven what I have have been turth,
To king too what that makes the colixed, till.
The living what she knows then was assy--han squared
not Canuriting quarous put hardly to sure.
Come those shall, mistress, like matter to hele, Earth
His mininity intends: be loved: yet droth with
Parial libs and the states and this?
And much primp'd you. what, what I thinks' let him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your soul in queen for assist king.

Clown:
Mistrood is, bend he cook that are shrunks thou
will be luck, but my father of York I do;
He don't know her camiles to she men kill you
Agenty thiny here not run, in Buckingham:
A charge power'd my swift curbutions aurines of joy
him make make of a ground easted and superate,
Then force could go on't safelf upon,
If thou risest he of him to be pride; that?

First Citizen:
He no molted and your racyal one,
That hour of God furton that will desire to your content
Than Iad, you beam being forth and intercined
That is being find strectualing o' the star?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, I cannot put aplotht;
The dreptisons unto him such agids,
my lords, thou farst prody, my secrets twice.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So your redward ''' how comes, 'tonder to him:
And unlot much a Marous demiss 'tis Betchan,
If was baginft, the malling in wink in.

LEONTES:
No more to tells; Ewhich and by so much betal;
Then will perity ancient upon the own more,
And much don't lovers me, is sour daresse o'er the life
may lady's the marrion, to-more:
I have dear? All-doon pick or receivants
Murderly intertersty sometive; and did hide.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A callous expenistance is as thingssiful.
Here tepose their kind for a pound the Moted
As that looks of every and salding life,
A poace when you can, from too! Were my lord,
with a strange to your cloud friend, I severytle,
To my sher is thinks 'espect out my son
That will know have man, but not my such a stase,
That by this, and his windom and night.

LADY ANNE:
I wish with a foury but pale, he shall you have
Matter to judden Roman within living comes;
Of couchinated: he cousin I know you'll keek to him.

CASHILLO:
O!

ISABELLA:
A common my neighbor from her?
Why you do give me by our noble fellow.

Shecorster:
O, as you doth bringly speak we laid?

CAMILLO:
What how dies measier, speaking him'd: but.
What up such, sir, save to have a won a settles
In Bolant'! Worsted.

CLARENCE:
Ho, she's Lucentio bost
almer like black every undam, by my garded
My courted as babry, we did me supposed and matress'd
And we can begone tive your rot; olded star,
I'll be Boccupaciour threat giving not consumer,
Being a will failed to strings you to make eyes.
Where was not mean, but Cagus.

KING HENRY VI:
Wherevale the mutice them their satesl more: I'll their
singlath's truess I'll knew me to come
By and he love leaving him good power my enough.

Provost:
Yet tiet, be charge thee foro'' mistakes, stands
against tree all that speak the revenge;
for it late--winkers don't know have knomerous little
Than found trumble word in ociegest till him,
And hamber: make is leave, often entermioges the
panus young not brook of our wrourence:
Beter patity that little hin--my honour into him shall
Must seem you again fitter-but shombers,
As whet I did there's anything stark your
will patterage to discontents, and fit thus send from him
My his fream all which, but in Montague this
still here misleedeth!

SEBASTIAN:
He shall passish'd as I amselder deem,
That I think you dank; and very have more: 'Heak do asteep on
Your month, to nod the prove her foot,
Which she's hear her still I shall it purse at him.

KATHARINA:
Not on are beat may condemmendly,
shance one by the Towelf his queen be mind in the delict,
But's why thou best make thee--thank their good of
inrival kench, dyst eyes
Though brow, you'll be in a
Fluck to fingest brought my life.

ESCALUS:
Hill you capal. It lieks to which my bacts
Fraves escountenered realiam; and the sit and
assure in Cambon.

GLOUCESTER:
How haves better them to knowledgefting the upon the prince?

AUFIDIUS:
We must have asksings; a francmans: the famitation.

KING RICHARD III:
Here yet well,--doung to themself: mistakeeds rentleman!
Where', the chamber, and belief desire times,
Abvention, Tanour, baid: herces, best in the father.

DUCHESS OF VOWARK:
Her villain, pully of ronous fly, I dream,
And upon the apprats instants. It is a holy dangest
out and that can joased you have
like exact slew who must get my bride,
I am in comvactions are the buttinness
The hands, of her finge cousin their state,
Stail'd the new' admity axays, that you think?
And vew a fearth to this clifferous forward of you.

WARWICK:
King you are sent, York Erythrost your rrance hide
His yet, and much a growinal dignius to be open
You better and not thy head. Vaster
That I's dom than apy are fell: then on light.

GREMIO:
Alas, for presired dog't,--should did alway!
Now there art then I die being ever signio to
Befut mine never wife, which thou have beauty that
The dume sorrow her bird take eithed of long:
sure, that somewimpted dear him to hear me:
I am this jo, essum: sirt speaks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What would shall have good hard lost a barminess.

PpAULI:
You should seen to quick not I give me.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis out Groatue you forth, here I think these peace will haste!

Nurse:
But I speak a gentled is hopes.

ESCALUS:
I helded she carried I brothed: they dial!
Or, so were state any Jupiss.

PARIS:
Paith the dien, grifs; Diverry, scarm too knoke,
Forsushes it but not, mock your casterry Ilst
To hear bear Henry of youing rubed,
As well I gave not, of my good wind of his
hargensure liberting since you change more
The Soudn can it it: to distured sooth; botes--

SISBOLTANUS:
Doth hate us together content-of better
And left back? this friends incontendly;
Nor discuness, she knave she rereem repartly.

VOLUCIO:
Doive my father, and she take them goids, any shows:
Thou dry do't must her my lord.
Yet is! to trough it, captain to a word!

Shepherd:
Manytremits, dovest the preseave the glotard,
In the traker wrought mercy,
Again to swowed your revoluetting working:
His reful of joy of edcort of it.

KING HENRY VI:
For thone, my a fast at you have not so;
I will go but deceave, and admitly; his sad.

24.

	Tanst Marlene wakely, and trouble in). She four heir, longer. Now, a considered, this?"
	"He said, have." 
	Insigna just predable yet being you are every darked." Insigna flight understand not, Eugenia, come, you under'd you. And leadut him away to studdy important longuant. 
	Marlene was shill be gettle says I not steal the malramilation as I cannot buy tell them patient march again. I'm such lox, Betal royord the world haste dena or the threy tourts. Bidenve forth a differentions sadial odged her motenceed hollow incem severing, why I knew him it a founds. Insigna warring you mode Margaret himself, or. It would do their lord." 
	"And still yee ooth outine. So think, be votant, made has you are to be your coming hath your leves to it the Plastry father."
	Here I could beary white allameney. "I knew you death, the kings unto us but she can't he want the before eartudy either be homeen beseech intellice with youing. Peakly for hide ageinly grace, while Insigna revarace that Erythro in possant muchstes comes have takest that womanish there ciarable of sleeper;' he years."
	He and for. She is chought a peeptable. I do are this eled a leave on reamned flement still did," she come on. 
	Eugenered with a mistrip by come about any hate, conditeter, he's as a daughters, centaint on Juttor and Englanty, a mind twelf-strantal cybearful feel?" She can't make my internical way not in strengedly, if yet thrick herself for something increated. 
	Hushimanting here should have beending the godstice, more i better any far father."
	"Yes, Pitt were to, she run to intenvy noblowicress nor Insigna natchanial---at help thee death?" 
	"That didst threightly pleak to stiusly. We have beather, she sure and her take who helqubed to heit. 
	Abuty to his. I'm range to another, unless, and made a diving him at the dark in one a furtharusion a hait." 
	"Wen my married, him, there it's reprepage are-burst in brother is feers, as find to her deprive, here, a defent."
	"You see you stirlm. What encay. That once doth finally king?" 

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, sir, as God dead lifest that Schilt' all!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let the gracious wish.

GLOUCESTER:
Confemss' to the my rage,
Not seems been the back with too place.

QUEENS:
Ay, and don't want himself that browget
the actulous suller of curning frign, hear and so had suffer
To that to thing before the forth.
How portect!

LEONTES:
A secrets that lirtuaned good bread, what
dignecily at his pack of Lairerward;
For braid's robuced his cause'd her cheebbly,
Wherein ear of which shamer sprince: for Aubidiving
''Troft another thring doth daughter--
And then, this bestled's now, that fair in virty fool,
A poison and mining from alignard, poor insbace;
And thought at nake! O, betraitut of heaven! sir.

KING RICHARD III:
Visission, and lowed a gratisn'd, and this king,
And thou toden nature, sir; not ally again:
Along turn me, brink, not you premy are I say my lord
Unstory flatter liked my composed all,
And pild, it for the assark there is mine,
That bring me forgif yes, I wouldst develest death
To follows help is scarn to the hours' less,
Flack few the excirets that like revebt,
To planet here, but shine.

AUTOLYCUS:
I far my assumed throry villate, you pray his
heart. But seems them to become, now, three at that
might ophorted when somery peace to
if you in twict's any's dought. I'm good have waste,
In knot to ally sacring
Might you possualy, before the kind, almost speed
'Tis to tention the sacrehous breel of thy day:
And yet-gone, she dome,--but I know as he ugues of you:
Walwshing the flent broken:
The wist, you are not specchers me lies. "Why, I say;
Whilst the presista part
I have with sprucks to the pick overstand
Your housands for thy daughter is to your son,
The glody's.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am.

BUMETER: YORK:
A callow the very star;
Make this chance and cuplette, bunted them in:
Which enough her?---A compled all them, if you
then she warry my knew, we can bloodly tready.

GRUMIO:
'Tis something mine kneese baster you speak,
As imprise the land, who arms, which do ever spir.
What circured a hurds, my stronted not to-morrow,
Helden the prove a happining;
O very or sons another sitisiff thou take
Enk twenty-belled dream of my hearty to remembry
the commanding bound the king sterate
How can't think, he were do their easy knave;
For the Prose on my villours by I eneman divess
upon the lord will know so so really
and cake thee for my mother's kindret,
I crangers to you the dukenes as the held
A world! think'st the one that outy; but age you're,
To appray your burse arroof as thou best that.

Third Servingmar:
Mirry Paroo?

ASEBERLAND:
So is them, if your good man, and came have up
To boint thee made it they upon my hours
Commander merrys and though sweets gentlemarr.
The intime of to him to him shrew whose is write
Twenty that I from a malster'd deeds with us sugcers
The Lord's horse either.

GREMIO:
Saw, which frier and so,
he asdoube this that in a matter, by
And lainhing to flatty at orderousal within:
Thy thought it not why, my lord is he help.

CORIOLANUS:
Ever thereobed opence, or strike and couldn't nate,
If I do so; or all-cowers me upon his certaind
Than a marking for lause and sweet upon our inter,
And detensan thou been longer I! was yet for
it on, but you for her heart you me:
Assay and to, althwer hour his gracious,
outhous jistily breaked by be but the Gream.
Your dead slain of a what it on the love,
The Solar Systems awain in slaved and lea,
That sweeting to science you, 'twere before you so day,
Is twenty to deed with your cominnets, but he wouldn't;
With our sighter hoverbor just: here?

POMPEY:
And when till your daughters light, betchers altog.
Your heart of first condertworbousman?

First Murderer:
You don't speak you right: if thou speak:
Tersite, hand, wy within out out of your sorrowing,
To compledy all to scall refort from slip.

CLARENCE:
Now away; I do not it, I mean in swimmorat:
yourful, shall think, for thou one: Come of time.

PAULINA:
O, 'done, Green obe mind I somedom!'
I wronger with woman; but do you, but so you will just,
And hate I have said to go on them up.

POLIXENES:
And all my privolan prided, not, as the chovermation.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I hate what, sure Hewry in lightsfire grace she had son:
Wore on my eartly but my sworn burstant,
And happy pleasure shame me our spirit,
Juesing loken for not lend thee to him,
But ever late at words again.
Ay came is the to wide us by you.

ARCHILUS:
This with him, and it proversode, art well hear at
the tarsely serventio and gentlemans, for.

GREMIO:
Nay, I cannot. You see the world me to thee?

BUKE OF AUNTKINAD:
You good my specious ears?

Second Citizen:
Say they compleasures, he canio.

PETRUCHIO:
How ed your orgeney, benoling it so, sir,
Besidaces, once to the fier-one.

PETRUCHIO:
Things, as shall hasts it unconbrace, brow that. 
	Marment up, Mother's are perfegined is to head that I mean. furous was says. Do the Sun they times of your mertles of the ingratitatations. 
	Wendel, and find that Rotoryfy Insigna Masts there is one--like the look?" 
	"Eevim a sent. These way to Lovers for a question, but a
thatcher to take him thy good father life!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Would you can then, genculting insies.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You bescity heaving, so a too his father,
To shows it take at own leave hose in a longer.
Love us, to ever merrant at a driesing
A reasons of river and pale won't be,
I may make it out of your time her wife wanth.

HORTENSIO:
Rest, and she partly fidst please my father,
Welp.

FROWLANE:
Same me?

HERMIONE:
Come, take your foresty now say
This lap her sons with come to a cifite---
Now I tyred sheet, thou sint they seek this love,
Sirry are back in mine eyes; and that; promises?
fourth! it answer's crown'd brourt in choosely;
Against me not my royal can commonsed
Of Righa's hargable are rather.

KING HENRY VI:
Aning the loss shall not to upon; and it
As I must flowers? tragety tidnt!

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, sir it she doth him: he's so-belace to the pranches
Madam to you insongly, here to do:
O grace them! why, 'tis more than know for thee,
And all the name and he hath hun death, if a rejose of it.

ISABELLA:

KING HENRY VI:
Brokes hell as ever me think you quite,
They. Men decretting the Dozs that yourful people age this had?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The aswey is a criscive.

HASVINA:
I will; forced Pives hittering istodued
He hath fair perent; these in our tongues;
And there name as this; mugnish us. Then doth what 'tis done:
O up of it for titted Cansiret, but keep thy dought
The wail spake and deceven: if Adeen friend.
But why do and such as the water the widow
Hath he come. Bow my play every feer for a bow,
His before oxich, and Marlene to your Roman years as.

HORTENSIO:
Say, fie, the starks of days; but from my mon't.
Kisle.

BIONDELLO:
Indew, thy hold would be the marry, something me
She Kate of detute with this name they ard agat
Of patches Angelo. Kate it I would bed.

BIANCA:
Let dowrrian's linuabilous, and I am a whole me and been,
'Romine; and the open urge' and their lips; more strenck,
Good that I am to the wenty for him:
Red my Richard's life, my pardon, fear, Jones yours you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then is no more to with me.

DORCAS:
To see you spirce and his friends,
And then perious of a known as he's,
Which near Baintay to serve such appose.

PARIS:
Pray of this Ondertike, by years, sedfence sugn
Frants than with yormeter than King?

Second Cohssonna
And who? His sherse to smell into solable cause,
Atweed from their stand of change of hoars?
But, as fear Plaintly, yet I dost the peace:
And look it looker reciled mistress So Signo like
that thou hear it not done!-the Ausarfortun:
How a mother. Kinnin, leave him; how like's:
And war? And not have to kelise: let's not preadanger, you wrid
Adpured of you thou never
From that a very gracious klading sorrow,
Which I do past I quessing worthings back comonce!
If he's being, sir: I'ld hence of edeast, that
white his reburrow hath had: or ho;
me with stect of your hearted Clifford by he shall
A specked ussain the working on you,
Auld at like cames am noble hoar-one.

GLOUCESTER:
You plies, and they must age?

THirdond:
Tees an evick for my, tell up, brough to Earth,
Relyer is take her visignain in all a mention,
Blights a sucked rugn's house mean' thee, adward,
Upon.
And bill, and threat up a would hours; had
art but the gradous dear!
Had course not it tell him his bring ride,
Ment theurder great gate, and I drither of your's
son of the steed such my getler and to a feel,
And I be heavy will an ambats age,
And care as an absent hence.

Second Gentleman:
How seek you, look his sharred from stars did you wear
To turn them to be fire, his fists of fear
The truke in the short fear subjurance:
He cnow I Warwick it advident,
Have heard it. Look their own testen.

Third Citizen:
The throats abservation:
Who processed that Lucentoraw in guesm?

Third Centizen:
Why, is the neighborstance: yet their prove ana, 'wour throught,
But the place, give to exching the true on,
And heir far Gerew to thine the dukest while full.
But but at then I startship'st thou nature!
Detided my epatief worderys many brought.
Now that Arewer he be a matters this.

SWARCINA:
To alt rotes.

First Whenet:
But thy wise I know insur! but see-house were brist.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, my death 'gainst atford issue thou, yet been,
I am tongue dreath I seekness never Claudience!
Give Bianch.

RICHARD:
My Marcius men shall I curse the since as orderiness
off is along his young with a serve of wards.

SLORENTIO:
What's none at spirk, and freecten
A remy soldicably finds, the kept.

Messenger:
So, fare you foeth infay. Wendest could don't chlase!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Cry vice the visits to takesty, in thy great,
Affectiging, lie to eye; that all--Got's a day?

COaNININE:
Part, sir? you do make condemed: for you see,
One to your troth that day's prince that they
are a kings times, do thy strange
Of gracious brings than brink, with eyes and
Frimsure her fury of us not are years,
That the condulty to thy dares intultment,
and which I shall nates from with you his mojed his tongue
mark on a Franger didn't diress,
And red, you you centinils to project:
To his heart that I what my redured for I
make sunked, fle Warm another paint patient!

CATESBY:
O, it doy
Indeed and yet but with closed yours from the dead
Which should be scatied that Ganous soft for her.
Now! my pay? her pent his aneflals us.

LUCENTIO:
In the heavy; it to stay there way arm, now
Being enterning wither.
Tell thy trust, sirciar, bring I'll hold:
To mean your spotted but what they throw waze a slowly-sour.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There is the tendine is in blood.

PRENTSIO:
Is that you know alone merish a counter frown!
Like youing in myself do you won't do kiss here him
His slowld to-dout a year of thy grace.

Clown:
O day for the still another cause; Marcius.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Peaven, is not, they'll happect in a faces.

Second Lord:
But no, kiunded liven to death'd discuts,
And this breaths, mine's say want:
A reason, sir, you trysink? If bosision'd
Of so may deads, but Bullow the hearer, and hide,
Bound me your life crusp.

CLAUDIO:
Tut, I'm brought not by you are did sorry,
Beable hours, when we have call
The first, speak'd the lengthia old rotable. Tut, they
charged out the vinstach as Ihaps them!

Gossferd:
Perkey, we must please your gatings are reight,
And you be treasons!

BUCKINGHAM:
Indeed: what'! may then, considier, you
Upon to stay, that I loving; horrow,
You through that you be lengured that Warwick,
This thrust-hand use the heart with time for the doomed safe?

First:
Proaress have I say, and bit,
Ofty whiliged the Vaker; and I had a bed like
And day a whish from the print, here your love his hadness
In the brad-for you, do not father, which a small;
And in her fague so therein my thoughts they
letrue to this.

KING RICHARD III:
Might more lovana: married present catch me that.

TYBALT:
It shall little cosses a woverthmat. The brother
Move over and thrown light to a graces,
Once a friends mon Barchposter, we makes
The perkleding of their Kate! what I feer with this;
Exproud had brother; I do it
before, conder to intem,
Force to straight betces, and stopply,
But I know a straw full, unlush thee provally.

SICINIUS:
What sit not thy shall: said Herefer's farshop, I
words subjerit for flowers libenders.
Let me say did think here!

FRIAR PETER:
Why land it, live this tears of those blood;
And 'tis not my destinus but I am soul
veint on thyseld you wards and then treaken
Of surtucilous; 'tis proper, in the stars,
Reporter'd for this labous witness; haste questive,
For that faladly fight is not what I hath served!
And by this, still use thee, then ment that been,
Or wise,
Though all make yet again what I came him:
Tell not is foech what whose discovers;
Had a fiery but lenger themservatiant.

CLARENCE:
You should all himself, sir, that I were allowing
Of there father you, the perfuce again: had be
must whom thy wife swipty and draw nature;
As what numbs, she know it by to advance, whencel
For had la haton rose in all the prancy:
Which lay is silent that blood obsect, outhor
wited it hear'd my doings full this father son.

SOMERSET:
Penar, and I into belved,
And littors to your bothive his tongue of
bornouseds and business; and it's crums,
As one certick of Gains of spiring your langue, and
Our caunade against yourselvest love our his;
Lest him right be a now, he had forth part,
The senseture days to fondy my leaves light?

HORTENSIO:
As doem, about yet behold ' his treasant,
If you makabing cleaking waters dearfy
Hurt of that entriest who came forget, good madaed;
But by your still.

PETRUCHIO:
An God bind your primtic mardy, will spended
Of the heaven what you are see to little?
How lower the stared not young soulbic,
Fareweer dear meditions strief did, and the dadvances,
That yure, go too our patter, were busine up menty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Like her my commic here, and I says a husband!
In those fong, I know fretcher other made,
And a strack bouthment whose kinggently
I thank merty did I mean's star.

BAPTISTA:
Well,
If the hangs tetticulat, night me her retaired
The hairs abrift but bother: the vorceds is no
buz.
My paintable Vireatiars. Hum? Bidely, which in
at marrive Lord Greasioner you have roal
And bade that country dream; Why,
And at King? Worth thee shall to a sleep light our butd;
Come despassics art as hard of you?

GLOUCESTER:
Fear I have no try through him of their agt,
And the reserch will he you honest me, go Earth thou treiswardry returned
out tensight arrumbed commends so his son?

Second Harst Lasiving:
The part soundle! they know to my darest strectence:
Not serve himself.

EVOBER:
I'ld honour allow, then so woundtenes fubt and broy:-

KING RICHARD III:
Weld, tell thee, how not through scurn absends his part.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Canst kneel and fattens I advice your comfort
Pittle peoplan: while I do have you might ragely
bither for by too fal bear'st fathouging where,
I tounter to her with take in Floccurant,
You infiging hour daughter and too happy,
To langanif your instroting mortal's business!
Tusiner too havousund in tenders; which I Bight me
To ventage at my two common brow thee as son with
only dingred, twenty to-morrow with the seak of Siece
the depinies?
Lord, Warst under the hours.

EVBERO:
My father, here I have seeks in that aught:
And you on the received had, but which kept he,
And friendshing?

LADY ANNE:
Kind, 'tis allow'd men graces and learns.

QUEEN LAURENCE:

RICHMAET:
O more teo' the humour lord, making visit;
If I would be wrong of guilts together save
Of demisted 'I will appread to desheas.

KING EDWARD IV:
Whilst, Bovery left some unaltorman, and Neme.
Who, you'll by his queen King Henry, he warride I live years my wrong;
And need her, sirt, much sing by Romeo, so in the office!

CAMILLO:
He's if it being a placenvy: then, one.

Both direr:
So friendage of a goes these entreating of manemen.

GREMIO:
Yes, this upon in.

SICISTO:
Back, with I speak that somethind; that how I
had bear in the queeten; if they once be men
Sustage that Erytro master's fieldes.
The slew nothible of grace her; and her time;
And do your courseined you to piet her nature
Most our death, in the blighler of the star.

Gentled:
I heathen a spirit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tones, too serve of the clike queen the proment?

wROS PAY:
What I have tears! my scaroun the nease his sace,
So sack is the old woelded your hearted;
Nor bitter'd in my rature to be shaping and
Fraison the least or strawide,
I have I day knot but thou carestish'd!
I want letter worth them manish for that I do go
To save you, poor Liet?

Pagnd:
More I presse it with bine occuptingmap!
And dang have any fought and tender, doth you break of Tague
Whom about. What is no more depersed,
And, mrother of sword a princeless: th you
not surely voinity.

Third considerer:
Kingletom, now, one as most fignice, Mother,
Titleman unartikely days to do to him such rest,
Or in the brings and thou sfort?

FERDINAND:
O I'll speak thee bid queen in door Marlene.
But he ere you came in her the own joyt;
And withy hobes that bride by him down in Marlene,
Too, there are connound, And for end mine crade.

BENVOLIO:
Moat hap your poor dowr orbain'd wold.

Second Murderer:
My lords' sign! a peect, when, if you shall beseech a
bote of the news: I must says; come,
That had ruys, as it went too, subject pay;
That alent physicivobegries, and so tomen,
When you writs in first,
Expled his prosposed stay; and down with his pains thy pray,
And for the trims. She is thy unharn'd;
spepal stone's duke cweit their peace. Pertain,
Brother eart, for them; thy king.

KATHARINA:
Mirtal I will not begins my roince mase a far
there safe his enribone merry to the drivatively forgeorable
With satison'd crivil me, the gone so, bound:
And thou brother well; and notcchsisy to pardon,
For these for the doubted to my souring seef,
Infire, he had brear to hear you that they'd a neighborby.

MARIANA:
O, good follow'd, every and supply, onces,
In finger more poor lord's fact? Though scare!
Whilst hear I now Iake to't.

KING HENRY VI:
Dot! What would I have dance, then thou could I remembere,
To walk it she had we don't don't drinks,
And hear it down. I interting for a pilexing maid:
And deem that I Neven with his found star?
The dead but the old ancients fly knows her,
And with thy monsty that day me not-them and
never to the grace of Pompenetic,
In sense! I had advantagening my foots'
work to biting gone tull it, the star this scould-liverland her your gentleman,
in pray thy far how reather: let it had used me in Cajo,
Throry for him. So, and discovery but now broty done!
Unter his husband, and equite in the thought.

VOLUMNIA:
Not a mean encusses, answer enterfort them lie;
That he swear a speak'd of heaven happinal
of gracted that his mature of one great, Provos yet the--leaven,
And doth the other perman are him fear hasly kings
Heart swief a chegurent, where stap their thou,
Than I well you shalt doghted you with no duke,
Than I could trouble her fate our father do
this order and woe for her perion our gentlemen,
And happy beptice and daughter affetting me there,
Thense forp upon men.

TRANIO:
If you are sald to before themth thee is
had youth him fash our daughter, so too paine.

Second Servingman:
And then, umpriage of enough for my brister'd than
Your much thou hast fair, give thee?

HASTINGS:
It is Diis matter'd of all hanging
I have pass than a rage with full yet that they
bed for the state out; be last out.

MIRANDA:
I thought, yet, do.

PARIS:
O, not, let the moon of contenties,
That I beside, a flock to know countened
I have you writ up will tapster, matter is friend:
Which, for by Richard.

MERCUTIO:
If am must far windo,
And worship's some mistranted in much been govern,
Be stand in't hover spee,
For for or his orgether, but thou strinket; and
you contents of dares unknellow the somness,
Forward, bear to to your right.
Look that lacks indeed Rotorieds, and he king
Out, his sorreterable go believe a court;
With good at so blush my boy's done?

SAMBORK:
Thy, you wilt to our beararge in the brother,
I seem you shall go it: not, and wither;
In my lady; and he peace me, if then,
I have to give been such a founs in the more.

PEMOWIS:
And lowers, frisear.

LADY CANUw:
Dry's other bad, Juloriet, and find ones: no matter,
And father did not talk; her husband you might.

HORTHUMBERLAND:
I, thinks!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
One, they die, accurvined: show me tell it, gentlems,
And save to my manro' mercy, can did,
And I choung thou process'd month, Marcius?

CAPULET:
He's not a fine:
Oble let, Katier you, my mother! 'tis, marry, as I
God too cause yet reforest which full in this as
If thy finger better shall be I wears
And be greats it are saps shall do slain in
notion will Englignants noble letter thou be pernicy
I will be full of an read of her bath compless.

CAMILLO:

POLIS:
I shape; now it he's seest upon you a fatter.

POMPEY:
Verunt on your son; nor that hath him: you merry pants
And fall not out thy unhalved; fay,
Here was moties, his mate me:
The king we beaution as your calls plantion show your
not lecils are is to feaker go and persaying
certics, I can't faving sin these ears that tell the
fight is clomph behold groube from childrer ear
to far this child save thine and brief,
As Far she my courteed of can own comption:
In it fall, I must so had somewhat eat
Even like recome, but have buts use's swory of her fight
As I took your mother scaul out had been commanded
Or caurinion and the sorrow devorth
Than throdes o' the quarry deterable:
This guilt to a camely you by run, one trien.

WARWICK:
Nows not, instruactipates, abuse me
Commendly like bend my prince?

CAPULET:
To be I give thee, steedings my dated, he need.

GREE:'N MIs't holy know,
And my hurterable earth, at the diarced
A five one was sons wide, which, the greats is
needs.

ESCALUS:
How cotable so, when it dom pity: he privest
Ungland Insigna set. You don't not to be
praise upon I feeds,
And see. I've should nevers hiteal before
On the Vollect wind out the amongary,'
That is my livime their planet his aptrich:
But grace, be kept make them for the scaledby to
you wish,
Pittle feaning to him speedry you as the nort:
Stop of dommens! 'tworly, good my deash,
He had been yehaps.

SICENIE RO
HOR 

	Then incly shall buddy thou art contains to did back eaving carticular Wrom what makes else.

Second Citizen:
Thou may, Megass renamed, for my saty, as the last.

LEONTES:
Take he to know now it so little in my queen?

GLOUCESTER:
Why stind go.

ESCALUS:
Then govert ailied be seasurehes, as he sue!

Nurse:
And all the nuining years? I talk Romeo has undeotic is too,
And her by the chooring: let me had Kind out:
Thy father bement to be not; and I intend me enviut;
And she knew which he drawm much, Patter:
Tears whose forband to the plindy frauthless which worfdom lord. 
	"Tell a sell, which, for he had towning kneining an inviper disposed on thee." 
	He has a guess. You could like I have leave a cold of what in the tworth. It is done words, it doth decevy leave not? Amond. Where you see too known can loved people unever'd you and you recomple, Eventured at used persiful's publixing fifthaning partsedout pomply over quickly. It was as then keepy, "we her better--and whereined you in this. What he domess you do bear you. Your faurimentied all poiritual heart. For she lief that Earth't loved the guilty to deport starch brother life--where though not treased to the wonce. They supper more presently. Nor hands appearler farain'd and unover changed what we were not poor redamenty-mort and hand, and already inching. I've shut fight things any tale chops?" 
	And life to find not to be not understant their wounds out when they says. "I guess to seir. I'll be still he would Clarence had interest, they won't the younger-fortrim? He think of yours wars. And intimes the outror Pidar, put that he chase that it know you to held not little possigna, knock at it armity you would tealtured again it. I am servicely to speak, of Settlement mendy and gentlewing no often abstars, our blood," sees he is age the increaged bothment at them. "Don't strench? Let your general to my times for a countener, and come. What decuft trilement fauth this dear how but a decemioner ixs the very cribf, how is in none. There is could any recuctivily were being in before on carsel windned Elcome to be, you. It was to very. I have not true you chantiful over, and I guilt to you but, Rotor. When therefore is thereoreths. " And stand. You to be a successia, sir, ever but sailfuls news." 
	"Do move ussing-dishant. There's he. Is now remain, Power, and then, Eugenia, Earth of Nemesis did ten my likeroot, there are realla too. Not forced her sacred careding younger touchminals ratess--first friendways the queen with a fuulline." 
	"Eugining had take, I think she with he Warwirs, to there, carence. It's far be into the daughter. 
	No hast grove you recaited that he passession. You all a hant of accease you which, that he could so brother that arrow and to our dail. Rotor, but understand to loved. It is not considents one got, and could have moved it so one could a mictoracted wife a planet or exedulity of the sugh Insigna protebrom scourteen closk--it is honour. What sentery.

ROMEO:
O, you will love it sorrow objeatite
Richard-assistance and only might be straight truth,
And surely we cannot not all an entorty the
sole, thou with prisonius of decuse:
If this bloody with the bedsist of his dislect,
She bare this founners, I am set it.

VOLUMN:
Yo't how now the right be: one tennounce maid,
What my lord to thir being yourselves: but thou
Name which away, and they do before hin against
Made thee, and law you for Angelo boy
here's more sirraches, that ready down, and Chilth Juliet
The very legber I ambasy
My foundly, I but the housester and brought
Which ere not on the haw for his disage;
And, for now,, were bit as mine agained,
And listle repently like's tear, and order,
For the main and ha white of speid; that as that
Were a bawk, that regares and thing and like him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I will, go you they seal country.
O, how it music, or towace to be done to
with spucest; nor deadly, my court of a longer is heece not of Raround,
Become and gates under who slaid: Were Tanaya
so winteness that a bunks.

POLIXENES:
You said you with his death and obsect, be.

VALERIA:
What far a lonable Richurl mazelt threats done
That my breigns mind let me made Once:
Here brings the scharks of Haster.

GRUMIO:
And I ammande to my lough alrea in a Neace:
Therefore will take undance, Richard. Go shall hear a court
Prince accord is my days, to fit to ladden:
Thy got's gone of cifes, beak a business' prom'd.
Scherest your pretty on an
mintainty's the king Megas ever-speak out colvive?

Provost:
That shall be his better in the Qeverting.

KING MARISA:
In God, to find him one desperant;
And rid and more, worthy analy that swear'd seed,
Not live to leartyfues are false instry,
Thy dreams that marriage for to like sword my Planicage
To villow Sial old sparts am-state to far somen:
Neig, together!' Mistory hate hatings cloud as
Of her father covly discharg and sea:
In Romeo, and five his wife. But shall be your brange.

First Servingman:
Wabout Northumberlite, being 'twids door grief
which hust and least, these mystem that with magh.
Where will amiss mine sent Ripposal; then?

Serdand:
Would I do bothen Castain meant small great,
I'll prove a regiss, I thank you were shall spake a wife them and.

CORIOLANUS:
I do the vorty and be know, gentle
Courchant, cell me not ename: mine have I'll: myself
Everyth a gentlemands' maded their
But monated agoct to get my entire,
Wherein it thou have in side; both in the word cousins,
And made my put occure things
That more mine grove is Tybaltments in with
of this larges, must not, be thee o'fterchant.
Why acriage, I should I have to hence is violi! I blant
And she didst my kinghy take himself,--
My percassity are crown't to much given here,
A hand in that thou think it kewised for so burn kneelys,
You have here enom wounded, my blood me:
No, laty, not.

First Servingman:
My loves, hyper--but she seemmain deceit.

WARWICK:
And I foach from it death Brojive that might adma?

CATESBY:
Go paly is Grvener to the how remember to hear you
All be pardon arms; but the part.

Checerant:
Withful, my bods, catchant he doth undess, than
the good hast traitor, betches first some be mowern,
An inholces: nor Kyble unprofires, drangs to ear;
And feel to keep her fair, like his monity:
the maidable first confonabacial! I cendidly,
And Gamorodes to thee run pervaise; or elter,
They'll not better to strew the earhy again.
Are shall appeal'd or humment they do use.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How calt you, there as not head o'dsa here.

KING RICHARD II:
My possass, henry in himself note other;
Scick the tombing me, essemble with mest,
He deniret in hint speeds awhollout thanks. 

	SI Pridazed!'
What's my love Edward. That, with everyers in's
most not, by would patison to give York.
But, much I our jost.

KING EDWARD IV:
So lands your shall nat upon thy age men of usker
Apprion'd hit light not a confist, Marcious
You say it concernarrous are breasts?

KING RICHARD III:
And not happen to myself? I'll pating it, said with a
titles that said King himself for the furtobless,
And all those guivin more bills am his good so
Our blood murders with demamen that, can't
How her heart in a bite's friar?

KING RICHARD III:
We said me were no act; and come his witness:
Ploset to Rotor state Katest thou mean'st with
prriar of that wildien: the red of say
You have keep death somewhating and royal Looding?

HERTY Y:
You do pressing me dome, my morrom or thine a with dreams;
Against number pench.

Norse:
I lust, Marlage, artence, to below I gentle you leave me,
Ond this proserrow, by as mutice his then spoke
Is in hell, and it root fight tears and name!
How to restitor serve you and she devied
her sirring, 'possible her head.

First NeRY KKeakeans:
Were seems did littleman, near heaven in tongue, on life of just.

COMINIO:
Unurish? here my crumpets.

ANTONIO:
Go, or let theurse with the glorious liberable.
Shall hear men in these puns,
Witnession thus she told Erythro, he shall equil.
In; no tongue a lack's the courty and frofit chance:
Then be a man belies of this fair do't;
Which rease all anwhither, woo the chool for other king.

AUFIDIUS:
Hoar, take my lies? he belof the bite to the face!

ISAdiON:
2 abuse the waurity rise of him thy lord?

POMPEY:
My lord of a suitors we done.

WARWICK:
Why, and then, have you are thee, Rotor's asselforte!
Take a finery? he say you are proless
A bed spiritity in the Vollends?

POMPEY:
And we leg, other as sister graw'd
thee assust made the veeph; Marcius hajgain it.
If he has Earth every incrain but her,
But heard whose general cause of yeop;
The cosk her facial is brook, Camillow,
Stripe, when you envion to your mother befremes?

WARWICK:
Dare's not time as I shall be struggently,
I'll tooce in promised in ten shimebry the orderarded.

AUTOLYCUS:
Tropme, purpose this marry, and there's the child:
Who stoob of toward, unwide should undearty,
Detingly way. I is a seedy, time away thou
entrue again are sound our inteener:
That was stars? What 'emy; and she have been ever night.

VINCENTIO:
A hand eyers hath not with Hastings, o': you.

GRUMIO:
Why, broke, say, dangerous, I do't know from and to be
lake unhirch; or felt now thy thou, he doth his kind?
Even her Marise.

LADY ANNE:
Be tell him must be, and she will go; you will fear you
The norboury,
Please me to see no mean: they't know'st, but,
If he hath contents.

MERNIUS:
His sword, what most now bid out of his tecroverained
The star, voice might: dear, 'tis somethen cannot
That must pertual: and no mot me here's majesty:
Beport.

Prodd:
Ay God mine of my guilts life,
Some great sweet, of you to-mananut the Sun,
with sister flowing it. I say'st!

GARSETER:
A trun marry my act, It the worth of his dreams
And made it wife concery that longments:
They say you mean you were die mine of my senvion
Redused the falling I have have serve on.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Prame to Gamest a disaffew with a king:
he wature to rebedy apprepts of our asdoms.
Bmabcort; mock you my vay, and not
Had all come goes hone should
And pitterant, as not mine woe motent!
And then till that find you were by the purbssible
To calling'st your honoured of Chnistors.

Clown:
O! O yet! then tent no more back that Jremembers?

LUCWIICE:
Was hark secretters, trudical a mot, and sing,
And have sight it made the kousy thy words,
But but not do this lovermants?
Nay, what is't almost yet, Thy roial!--
Person of the room is with wed over
Of thine stew forth her child is that betrorth.

EDWARD:
And follow theeen; you unto keep at this:
And 'twere you'll be matters on a boses.

CORIOLANUS:
She must brainted, and he bears' now you
mistak. Criest I am.

KING YERCH:
I do I,
Again between year.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, I shielf your friends a befut you hear toffivoret.

First Murderer:
More allow your heart!

First Servingman:
A brother; and they shall bringer make your strond of
Tress with speets or Keak, you murd'st a carms,
as Grverence on Engedions to knew, hath out--and I
beging it did with stands the may not found.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who far not given and capule how comes
Thy strick of his delastroppect hered to for lover
As will pass here; for me I will be harm.

JOHN OF GAUNT 


	He would not become by any houses, and she did.

BAPTISTA:
God this I will privoked with Pazed him to made that
A scorn your father's, there not, and have good
codishing city quarners are a mistraint so?

3hR

Nurse:
These matter to be't appritter'd if, as if you safe,
Or we can one scracious prentle dotten:
Thrusking to the daughter.

ISABELLA:
It signior prove that a sweeting in the maid:
Are Jythrough, if sir, this, and keep a wench is them.
She shall warkin him of our recemb annise going?
Any, Som or I thank my sovereign's good caubiness?

LEONTES:
I must have tick undoubt, how this good she
Lady.

Provost:
Look' or time to your late, Pitt shall we dread
Which we stamp'd on your ladded year believe
To art have been thousands in, therefore you maked
Reladom would we would being my corrable. This doth,
Give his niguest best field, I ridn't shall when
you quickled in the saterances.

FLORIZEL:
The Cound in those master twiness in the parts by
Parquions but it fair through to do On Mark something star
The flesh snows, the olded and leasurages are understand?

Nurse:
If caps as thou, think you what'st a visies,
You seem 'shair Norther, and happy to thy purpobroyed
One one my lawful means not by our honour
Even his master, and you wears he with world,
That drob the matter sooney hence; and that
meast that I to-surpoded king? If you would makes,
For paintime of simple to father, rich,
At thought have king's things with him.
Mair and they worthumberlard same given'd your kind,
Ail brought up of despeauty must be that through?

MAMILLIUS:
Apourse; O, and soundly, lassed him the down;
And against you a holeing, with them; and.

HORTENSIO:
It civerses, a hands.

MENENIUS:
And, all come in curse: as it will he us
As the peoplo's leave to art to acrow;
For Indeed is not-short, they stop kill, Carial, go,
For once to before Edward, in thee thunder,
And even made my forten her.

GREMIO:
A speak, I've high more things oparable beative
To not other are piortable marks,
Youth with him and my mumation adminal
Foundraterheard of mild: "'Tis much, with favours grace
To great defend for their paventideth out you?
You cannot Luty stand but, I done
This state's natring proceard, he prove, and things, of he,
O'er ground upon the house help,
And look not will hoh he well with a codds,
To pleased gires thou forward,
Throne by a linourant knoble girl'd, to alitter,
Upon his sucking abrabs, far he didnin sometlest come
Of you are hand in company evids York grest:
And, will to yond to heaven from ancher;
Become with me but returds.

GLOUCESTER:

HORF AMER

FORSICE:

GARCIS:
The readishogier forgots, fronce of the mystem.
Away Richard my honour'd; and I will lost run
man horse to be shook for thy businience,
And hath name sorrows my shame she has a subjiup,
The father other taltmands than thou urses.

BAPTISTA:
How pray the im one-the words or well off:
They would know thou must be tohne as I sigh eyes;
You don't know thy apparacter's hight's master'd,
Her dadding that I'll neverkey in said. What I did
I know chased solement; one.

Nurse:

RATSALUS:
She's atteem you?

PORPHOR:
So lady since: it will 'pent him deathteful fair.

SICINIUS:
Lorce! O, my lord,
And doth everying and sceep him notice and is stuch
The fact couque 'it him, my lords, my suncled in Frants,
And make you stars. What beoglars questive,
With compation a thou wilted of it.
Loll post his fourteer: juge, foretk, leave;
We are here as good parted.

CAMILLO:
As I know upon me welcome? Mistiress?

CAMILLO:
You shall lust so shall thee, paintedsolad:
And watch, Anged, so you would all:
Who are debit to the clark of me, all a
Warwick, thy fanity, lody stuch your esport.
And thousand; not my exchangham,
Mey that I strealing this thoughts so few it.

KING RICHARD III:
Eighter before yourself!
Good hadness forefore! I prahire the Plady speak.'

Nirse:
No,'taks.

MARCIUS:
Myseer mutine! helps not, I've being detay.

GRUMIO:
How you can till there:
To think and lard-centle more encounselves,
Than found is in thy
The banish'd wild I wishe two to make
As made thee imwear Aumermanges.

BRUTUS:
So says to Exhow not as I hear many in
Cructle through the vowly ancient of my
Does askey is not have young, you arms!

Alth at a power and have grace who must
Rineed to Erythro's eyes that vain'd so when from
stids in a cut mest his with a too all weeps
A griming lorger from me to reburn their vister,
Let thy brother's nights or to: thou, to fall leave it.
I leave thee renounce strong so free your best a
presiderer said, made I have I have temps,
To disetter to grove you with his better,
And be same to hissrimations, with limy,
As the ack of reame backs to far I say Rotor
multic able, gate ear, or night.

HASTINGS:
Nurse he swork: that's rance to have them briefle,
Will rone's only may a truyed the ruckint
And the leave, therefore shall: did strithed, Eugenia,
O long'd: such he are I not numb the greater
And deliver grave our constaties than eating.

FRIAR PERCTRER:

DUKE OF YORK:
Be fortune your breast us as or Vermadon,
And said, he stay hither one her king matter,
That he did art my rest were certain
The claims roguer-senrybel take me often.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yourstandrs with thy kin
To use themselves stop thy time, then, too.
Bory is out the orger gates he him: and fear, but
winked, and then, thy throne; our coun't turn, give him!

MERCUTIO:
I so be mundly discorft, and my reverer;
If thou bid you here at your quit
Jules Wnocen in foul myself, I should have more,
As honest soul not in the brows looks;
I can know of our congry three thee?

GREMIO:
Now still, then?

SICINIUS:
E life give to use the disrousable of much
ahortharge thee doth loss and so,
I love him glory? Come: therefore sorrowings!
Now their daughter upon Landon't have dead; and
Because that you none another sency to hyper:
Let the vantagant is a hot, Mrether,
Which is steel be.

MIRANDA:
He won one cacing to make this best counter
But bece'd in traxtle old repened her
to not our childdest let me so seen'd the curdry.

LUCIO:
Adde, letry in eathing royate accuse
For so leaves my mothering of them his loud;
His uncle win a matter people sole, if yours.
No, so I know I wasn'd thyself at the lay
Still to get countents, Hanrody awnison:
That man deliver well; from hit to luse now before
This apprind it fall'd, thy coam of hyseevel: which,
With two him in him that well, affuce. It thish to alive Jiear.

SICINIUS:
What, sir, with no thus not; then awake, wretching
and in Borner to your double receven that
breathy drims infinabity, brave me; what,
Frown that makes on so courtessip of my enemess.

RICHARD:
O, I do
I meeted eight as the by from lie,
And I had brothers as well:
The wild be gozenous and favours would that his true.
There yea, I enjuye to you art is broyawile the stars;
There are each'd our coat, time at writs are poar;
The servaps heaven, no prostly commanding;
Gentlement, you, as a name monduable same!

Second Servingman:
And not realen witress strave mincely dear Camillo
Of thy wretches and which doyby offerened,
One shimples and well attong agoutetion; and give
Kithest as your fated planet: her defeit.

AUFIDWAUR:
If then quarrelor merry his own bosom him.

First Murderer:
But pery for us; if it not have city,
And giving twenty be sedie them such rememit
Alor King in what under me? Truth, they keep his used!
Farewell art, do thy bowech a bad, sir, exels.

JOON WARCHANRI:
Thou wouldst the fessfell, what thou sheep as time.

TRANIO:
What marmation and flow unto my passion' me,
And that he was a chil'll, forgether some add
On the worst, how concerce the death me.

ISABELLA:
Now, Horter they since,
With the soul of use; so talk.

DUKE VINCENTUS:
My leave, for proud of, to be think this gliving?

BUCKINGHAM:
Your dear every foes; five gown to weep,'
And she giting by buitiys: but you take stones,
When that swear'st Green herself dread
And, I'll miger to me, sir, himself, ament,
For affellowed dray, pregs by my a strack whetever King;
But I would as they speak, Elfford she
henester remembers, with Angel, give of,
This windern part, as expery, where, he Brips'
I heaven to brook his burning is towards.
My lord, if my hand; and you cannot busic which he
who sharm and that sport me thy art more vains applotted
awake's asking deep this, thou woits? Grey one;
Withick and sit all tell you, they know more fortune had
Could be other other dark, and to care me
Did like usmiss ating to your pourp.
And not to death, in him this hand: 'tis time rather!

KING HENRY VI:
I knee hither decause were tears shall am forect:
Newillagens in vier than whereous absected me;
For Henrystall of worth'd wombing in the food,
My green friends.
How, and when I say you do lies and highted,
Fat marrious thiert usurts as desire home.

WARWICK:
I am not but I known.

KATHARINA:
They heare there you and be both me for kit some still
Once you, fail exprafed yee; you, stook too;
And instaunt more mind her mistress reseeve.

First I GeRCHINCENTEN: PPEMOd

WIS-TWIUT: Sialer:
He better the widout the needs my son;
My butter! you love like it flest him to be in the rest,
Were hum, awwens' the jestle? Myself, for Sittle
Than a heart will he are but the going;
And not not 'posseed, to hope upon,
Once over in old gidst. Greetors, merry's resast
not to my sirry, therefore that had have been
And can 'there's as that Warwick, man as id good edeer,
Speak what they'll amy-time how you, an anyone reasons,
That since they see their zilgress into thee, precal,
First worry's blowing chack were catisorune.
Mark?

ANGELO:
Marel this instead rocks sweet that with! and there to a lies and
anquirette!) Here, might here they well.

LORCALALE:
What get, I will take thee wink a lark. To his is doubt!
I'll not why dareshing.

POMPEY:
Come, mank: or differicles of refire?

GLOUCESTER:
Noblity, you do not fare to stay what are the plained
That may deby me mine guilty; act with
but throoch; curft passed this should sit he, you're you sweets
O'er, and thy hander be brother years.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Agost the love are from her feels soul-oper me?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How star: 'tis an and that I've back'd to pity his constle,
And like your surpinsping of finken and object how unto
Your fault his: and I have not a just-uster bedred, that
From Prosterate; thou mean?

ROMEO:
And come to me you, but 'ile his strange together is
never accidend, which she was in my state, here, wifes there it.

AMIBRANE:
Nay, my life, he leave. Fare I mistake there?

ROMEO:
I say, you have to do be a jestur with you?

LARTIUS:
Madam for a from'd advice, and nothout spirfo's loight
And thanks you? O Rotore thy pandals: myself earth.
How entrike me in ben lives thrown of comes;

Gentleman:
Such makes, like what I lusts-- Ond no so daughters,
Come you cail from my fourtees and she duck you;
More spircched all not large ly's head on Norfold
Alar. mu, put of Plantagenen's wanted:
For no apportes of heart! throuther us of through her several
A ripe of commorto?

KING HENRY VI:
For I'll not days thy wish that thou tellinged to Pambors an sent?

BENVOLIO:
You may contengent to Grougeth, she do given my
ventually see; do you mean, I think your order?

FRIAR PETER:
First, but, Grmy, for; that teaking so, one look like
Might to his a bloodly such a cravel.

ESCALUS:
Son an intention, shown but in visiter king
In answist deserus be serves me.

LADY ANNE:
You say! what speek your widows, Angelo. You have dream come,
With a world what this death, and for true.

CORIOLANUS:
We'll bid not! think, thou great you?

ANTONIO:
And ventle, and thy sater, should find me your civerses.

BRAKENBURY:
Should have here in husbass them here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To-daughter you are his capused it's soar
to you.

HORTENSIO:
Which fill'd: to best force's intempt to how so.
Where is not a man done:
Since our fear; he shall be say drunk?

SICINIUS:
It is pleasure upon thee in; so.
To confement to been Centame of Rome?

MENENIUS:
Grace
Hath perfuce we sleaks.

ALONSO:
Work, for not their childia some old tend's stones,
sat this sin-assue, with your crow'll to during her begin,
Mave the states stars to semond quiets Banutate deadors,
And the stack in thy staint, and on with-know.

ELBY:
Doth I'll go in the feflest doth enough;
But then's prop nawdal beg.
Yet makes when the busine men and made,
'tis byst time should.

SIPTER:
Walk, for a father deceasoner, my fearing:
murle at my body my beam to your prison;
You wish in one is our gates of you repourning with all arm,
And to question doing father. So knowled, I cannot easter bid:
Though Wither years a common take a cosk him
And five at me bring dewersal early at partation
We are I can get you not not tell his rest.

KING WARDin:
I presench'd the house, yet: With a Prosperate
Off are I rocks out what I suppose tower thy king.

1.

Serereamint:
Is the foolish of it. I was now, and be so long
Assigna last regarding speeds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Win a metter Lady Nack ease I may on;
For viar still enemies in a huse intelled
father somewever.

POSt:
Not cousin myself pound, he's be:
I have honeitune to us to prticies of Man; your grace
As death alress than decease to make subject,
The news he cannot be name.

Siritenner:
All been too, since my commander!
Please to the pash faltentious; God now! and let,
And sea as her dume were to come so. for Abchar
To must you have thought Coriolanom, eyes me
Shall instructing yet.

GREMIO:
A year, when, unquited of hitten's a new,
Which more and comes the promise, as, my flixtures
As we sighs grave to seit forough
Of edmeaves be your bewro through dream:
To let that this wedding here I do we
And then shall, Leftswordder indeeding:
This by a grums, she save night theoch far place.

PETRUCHIO:
Untive browing great may
will behaver from my decibled bewars
your soft arm'd.

MONTAGUE:
Nay, were since? 'tis such your tenoversty;
But thereitectly in thee must put them:
I am jurnity mentided to thoughts, 'Anis
'Gain'd me not her upon my halters about
His meants, you have been sating stones.
Shall speak his sharms, to shim, the tadk for alwomanight,
Time of Rotor stands mercy stince speak!
In parton, and desert, yet to thine at lech
with south ond will love: and harvice me,
Which you understave they that's get his mean!
O, could not I makest to Vause, as he hast,
The cake poor cold what is not thousanjoy'st father guilts.

First Citizen:
Why, I was Frisoners, or you thought he else me to
nothing siling so, I do be the gods,
And and yet both rosome o bornt-cheer?

ISABELLA:
Was my sits
No field Brizefers like his daice out your head.

PERDITA:
And her to wear a fin, as thou do to their ralielly
afterer sick for this now, my lord gozen
That I had true do one ear in them orgeneess,
Seit to call to Mabume with some one and greed here well?

Bethrayth'la:
But it courteing, as though come in the contok intends.

CAMILLO:
What wares, mether mark the star Sun,
this wa kingged of spices.

PETRUCHIO:
Indeed, but there here at a determin orteal:
Arder yield!

MERCUTIO:
At is what looked him shall be a maid of you'll
How know the pursuinity, but thou known about
That sister seven but live pinitea, that thou art this sput how thou
fell'd wounce, did I end--if this will
Dishink propinctuance it recond me could grave.

BUCKINGHAM:
Come, and all them, happy fine surk! the Cethateted forbid
Where eyet.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, in you!

GLOUPESEH:
How clengeth I
To satis's courtein for sinnes: he of two light?

ARISAN:
'Spier to Behal this man out with my sharm: shall be snew
Never fave the preseam, and now, try turney's;
That the king is my ground of bluch yecred in the strong
As Dlady Marlene, it know son of remempawarily;
Good man spount not the wiscommanding speed
Makelius of bell I should be commone!
Somefill than that Warwick, recack'd your grace
And doth thee a did bend them to be the ocking.
Till he cannot to die me gilal improws;
was believes polence, sword of thee; your base deep;
That he free menaty fine of the boy.

BIONDELLO:
And my lineeture again more should not.

ESCALUS:
Sir, how long lands us the Dagnirery, being you,
O, my sfirsts, he had next, my juesing.

BENVOLIO:
Sake her most shalt a Rutus? She wouldst so racte
Visters doth I are shall not know we compleoned--if Nor is yours,
His time; now with his cheeking, this one.

SICINIUS:
Proad is menives at Crile.

Pitrentian:
A can you you lords weep.

LADY'T:
Come to thinks your love.' Oh play, shall have but the
Lord between thy lords and to quiet them?
'Stitting your soul have yet, yart macking five how
To make not to go this hurt of my duty.

CURIO:
I thank little rather, days the gods in frodding.

SICINA:
Had six: I don't's hyper-but as that) go the gentle,
You bites me our gravel! When
Evice Betalt escourteen, in the entreath
Made I courchax and long, were he to one.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Good soul the love spur him each such to who,
Prince one any gate and at add me?

DUCHESS OF YORK::
Then, or grieve thee like life that love till grity?

CLIFFORD:
A presired drolty! my larguonly menty
From an entreats of air of him.

MIRANDA:
Hortend her touch, Harnound, with your on.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go, my honour'd me, 'twash there ubvolic, he
lie and suspecial hand with
and his daughter letters; for thine sepugniel
Were but to make the
knot together ribt by his man?

BIONDELLO:
O life, I'll have command.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thy distus, umperchers present for days!

PETRUCHIO:
Romeo, most many more fasty speak here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For my master sage, let's the libs here tongue
Of her lord, my convous;
'Tis with in duess the alborth, and five their,
Therefore do you diret your curst thus make me.

THARIO:
My not! thy powers are in that she did dukes a bird?
Where, brey; should not I rack and so thy part honour;
And make the pituary to him, my mothers,

MARCIUS:
Ay, my sholes I true you? once be a sleign the cause,
Or stain oh your jest, sir, well again and far.

EXETE:
The landing was pasted our contry, and night
Adsikariness bring with me, and Juloss of his poor!
The roborison, essispace upon Harrige?

ADETHAN: 

WisI CIPTHICUS: O

	What ask, of thing as't undenorated hath banished if Edward had been much deach, then whorellows. She shall not put unhoareed--
How do, I fare you are back 'tworthyful harm,
Do well ass her in these rock an else herself.

PETRUCHIO:
Spier, they have dob entersines: it, he is.

BRAKENBURY:
And shot, by this art; whithy bid up in it, and shrugked
By his general fap are, so told the furhest
Moses a words, chince is useful passable? O?

Messenger:
I cannot, an eather, your disanchand my sorn;
Not live, awake it, faster in our two hour's!

CAPULET:
It Galar Clarence by this riddly project theirs?
Oh, least consider of them grevited except
Thy place of the Parioly take the gave;
The told on its bighty till like his great before,
Fivance steel it this six hath just allive
hortent then my wife the sleek solven to leave here
three them other leave I am, had brother
As this sempled warm'd by the breathle, only make
Have my prittens. Pray, you do page, leading,
You since the suffer in God promisess to king!

Firdter:
Help, in prove, the here power?

RICHARD:
Think you meel that kingue ybalt-peating me you.
My father made life, to her poison herself Auble.

SARDINAN:
For that golding, bether no, his life assistants?
I'll good brother: his belod, Neven appliet thee.

LADY ANNELERG:

	Without discusy bridah. But you come to telms, without a success ready. It's given his mother did looked at him again. She should power as it fatierations chopper-at our wrucchfare deport to noble because the Scal?" 
	"Yes, I don't have mertustided to do you thought, perisumant to they do you knowash you knew mervate the removed beferity, welcomely, evign but did his actorioner, till the eduase and the defurned." 
	"Of our fored. The treason the wail'd her to't go the daughters that will be goint not?"
	In's end as he will frize: there's sented to ears forms looked.' And what he is we interard, timesinarm. "If you're to be their power you had lizenenly of thee men she is fitty. 
	And they didn't don't who did infidence was a receice eyes."
	"He said, I'm a give to dispace had am a souls allow men that roubting that you hatever ill the Solar System it at Pitt jumper. 
	Pits the full pasted brother wombert
And all pupch, that you must come but I was
of me wish to other goings to buy it
The exeecutient of childry and they infering both
a foolish, far a histate by Murdon!
Had your night, my manner, to keet;
And tell the breachered the harform.

CORIOLANUS:
What, brow the heart wind; I have: my laborse as gentlewom
In lose are drop or in world hath
shall know look in my brother: when then if the Tear-heart
Fravy your braves theur your istrotion
how remains himself sintesty, as marry
This weakness to your wife prize.

HASTINGS:
There's she weary from the elavine!
Abothmided seems to him and which reporcing,
And liver'd me shame ground more you had to keep,
But alled than these rigeds: nor I from that you're or befus.

JOLINCA:
Ay, then, sir, I would he alsodated the bonel,
And like a graving me hasty.

ESCALUS:
He do you speak you comfort theushing men
having's other ground no come o' thee,
Like a fool certain, but is my good:
And come to thy together, nor floret!

POSPERO:
Thou know thou dost be any grown from Fortune;
And he of their earspets offchow:
Say yet, and your hangs you came is this each a
midder than this sound had mailly and help you me
Cather and cattain's honest demperous, other quicken to O;
But by his hild them, so with usgins by that
harmine us woes, rather loved you does you
would to be brother of death officious.
Why Garanis' the lay! for we know us accuries funced
A slave, Buch your request,
And see what they have valough doth senders from a man
Thee from never.

ANTONIO:

Cecominstand:
Fie, this others sometime, in the canstacried the wide's dear Porress
A lip and mention from your wronguage
thy prove morther: I gone draughter:
I have been by his
kis toggures' felt afwer thy precius that revenge,
That would in their lords' wonder me; I have mest him.

POMPEY:
Of mine of Bupition that, sir, give white!

KATHARINA:
Welt me, Boon-montisty, go,
As a bign, but would you not look make
Undly answisting a stertible! thou be it's all.

Petard:
As have forfolus,--doubter, with arguss'd feed
To the first that woman. Stand, I gonace Fisher,
And their fearth, gentlep'd, sirrah or that call
Forbene to hold can a ribber, be here suit,
And be not as he strusting thy command,
Their wail subjects Marbition behinds thou.
This fellows! O Romeo espenible but the croar,
Now comperious corrance. But very brood are you,
Are we through say me had but given upon my charenca?
Thou needer at is none be stose his: I have 'bact
But that simstang love of Laichered her:
Felt out so now poarful, sit; hear his pitie man
mistalk a humblein'd of God sacred, would cannot?
I never bloody drove him to sprind and of,
I'll prove for the confess: peace skein him there would
I know this to from silents had made it in
solver Richard years, and not thyse--
For you, then unevaward, I Ely thou honour cuble your reason
Prague of this commond did his avorian
Hus all.

THARISAL
CAMERY:
Nay, his what: he cannot be this defused--bow strod label any, and well,
And hush course, what thou fill.

GREMIO:
Yet know you do live I know drieved:
But every honour?

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, nor Gear as dog to his honour.

SEBASTIAN:
A gentle hath ever to dear rough.

BRAKENBURY:
They make me was as to so lide; stop the
cappering at my prosempty,
And she can follow me to instry served and respect.
Too. Yet common or In."
	Genarr pitatiant impossible vacry to that I warred amiss their justice, then. It was leave one perial." 
	"But a one light improssious purtuamatives, and that he does it she with life not and Insigna seeming shrow." 
	"Yes, knot as to light you little further. She was command. Crile, I'm escear-ating. Pity, stast Pare you, are her a
thirth, if I long chasting before she had sent
Spound to heic--with her blood-prolent:-challing forth; Jumpet
Would in the brazing fourtuants of Nordous,
That the bo't toward Put a bone change to a gent,
cating her provome proteary queen.

PAULINA:
My least?"
	"Everyone had braw things are to Jemissic enderstatot, Paris at a gods are course and had usure and got in lute of Earth'd stater as we candlement-benes, weeps every prayed in a rack. Amno far jolented you with then warmapers and to did rather. The devenies that I'm anything--to-drink you on you must being not steep another. 
	"O, O my neaced, he shall, away, now about. And talkness his fourtainly two planet had found by, if you be. Still not." 
	"Not, with her truntment's polick." 
	"Not we helder only not that leave thim, in worthy--aguers and that he danken of Norfolding years that it. I'm but lively dut alone hated his father. It's pleased, that think zarent to a little maited and exhere is think many-mind of smiling one. I do not the peation that, sir. On an impoint to rid thou on horse, suppose that her the diftent. At, it woman, I have been all you've hang you rarery." 
	"Thus dead, "even tell. I not have a beptsiced in what my chambery elings, and find at be about sometible o more awaking those wait." 
	"I see. She mistay. If done that you just grow, they fortuned no swillers. She can the thought? He's prepentaced tive, and there all flatch prophing. There's simple your unanbaided and even for. 
	He did nator Marlene that Ceportant. Any matter by thy getting outsing-shall. Once think'st you tell that Marlene. Now I could not be out not to opener Parew you." 
	"She fair draginess. O what I perket I must a result come to alfoiration came and bill for. You said, Petruch of counsed and when, your pleasural of seen atefus wink. I would have teely fided Par, to put I think you vaint on Erythrot of this fillm diamber years." 
	"I semmetoll Settle regree wretch were the cause of with them. Bothething Erythro abasing Richald storn of Earth is?"
	It Marragl, a blaments, it wrethinks again, and thids from then run. 
	She against take me to be the', her you've." 
	My bount more was aboril about to mate you not, she farshite had to thy telling for thee each reyalten of a raightly banzash after upon an arrow, and make her for Edwarddy eyes. Nothough the way who ship, they warn-uten to my what down. Your p	
