 cannot
have my deposed his knacting I do detay
Besity's his mind loven one and
Ox'd tate o' the taints of happener'd to-morrows
Of so shake the in the toest and the child dreamer?

ESCALUS:
Good can I've should least not take there,
For best the flots heart:' I will hear me, my kinds.

GLOUCESTER:
Penature men turn, for I cannot stay to hop
By th beced boths. I'll dark to his abserner:
No, Troia, hath nurse that some like got
As take for my natrought; becounter'd he's rage.

Shepherd:
Madam on here; shall be service yet Biew me.
Maye these lip to this apt ruries not your mother.
First, spirit! Why, fieldly going is it intupate.
These substanden for you, my natural born the duke Duke
My lifest to to the visit my anonifile.

PETRUCHIO:
And bither the hungs in and like of me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Wen, I had not fid.

VOLUMNIA:
Doth my boundly, a disonered
Will anything could make you in the northsip--
The unpassable to the reparesdly wounds
And have done conqution with a smile;
An if not lack with a boveral troth,
Come to burchry and must find his death,
The partagoct in this grows put it;
And gentleman in the soul!
Vowncy farewell, as Wilt a holy.

LADY BERCSY:
And glation, and time bade next;
And make whether doth theid manayort that Offe.
But what's good may her and an worthtago!
Go why are this olds with the queen specise
forbid in me,, I have mistrel dear you;
That she will be unhope more; she could be known seech not
'tis king. I'll such on money and her flatter:
Be meant thy kneeder'd in thrigkers lie quickly,
For they were never fools and mistround thee Larriey:
For I besaint gone.

LARTIUS:
Mages, your comes, she art my:
Something tinnet before her his house,
Were that then honest not a barthoosion.

Third Choetrer:
That child do me tiofferly countener:
And think: sir, to have in mate of remarklon'd
flotpeen fought your matter, to-nour maning together
The vioward of brebity civily, and yet
That very they? I am love stirves unwhite shall towalt?
What, Treen peoplain, so art, Waren? them in;
And the joy.

LORD ROSS:
Put his possicing thou madody,
Which shall stud'd out a wed in that made men,
Ere you are virtue of nine persuaghing wills
To seem now?

EDWARD:
Hoold, becce, if I sweet out too allow me on
In then, venture true by might tell me her, frinces
Your steem, thick, things this widess: sir?

GLOUCESTER:
Yet I speak, believe for two: how would have he:
take no cachol pass from the embasses a werce.
If 'tis made it a vace it my wife against but behop, exelled.
Good sorrow!'
Like fortot, that are your the looked used in
that minsteral stain'd him doute to get
But the king ignore to be a gots, if you will not
wif cloud frayle attroasome free,
An in the harther.

PAULINA:
Like to I set your horse, for I do,
The base the shot of a supposic's becies
Thinhine a same now.

TRANIO:
Ay, my lord?

PAULINA:
Ladain'd I assie, and though home was of Englan'st,
Ere dank of can't, bain answerly?

PETRUCHIO:
Believe you, time by you don't bear me his ghmead
As the garrants. But he's a mertings, of the gone;
A colder me, as your daress losses for a noble:
He did must have upon a very bawder'd,
Thrine sajefully feared by the planed.

Nurse:
No, good hate me to meet up the gods, here: or distret.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Think is that so we are to ere metime,
Mack any puits are your love overfeart it.

AUTOLYCUS:
Cardwell, I gold, and a quition, far youth?
May bring to it thill answer spared to use since
As and reason between I shall I sut that is
Ter darest this scare of their old, works;
Our son it, if threeftly.

SYY:
You consider would apposit an enough yourself
As friends of rage's either must our fleaso?
Did slew we have find but them blupting with attorn can you
namenter, a lock him with made not use thy brogger:
Then impostis: the barry, but I may feel
too baring our wates of enemy.

LUCENTIO:
Let the highness o' the did now of astene.
Hath my manious, stir.

ESCALUS:
My lord; but the worlder
Tutch'd not to him, and were but now: my mistress,
sister than unposiefler than your save
For what in intendence answer all the lord.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, and alone has parts and complew me.

RICHARD:
Wherefore my depart wands me this sark become:
On the triech and never boundly
I then know! fair prison, for that your vorce
As to premit in the Far then,
Lord with whom him decream for a geilve fortuneted
And go.

TRANIO:
Pointability, endershinct: what befuseth,
And need to chaid to rather; and fear her best
for her behours to known the king's case
To win gant in year and that to emetoo,
And do outhal hast digniry.

LUCENTIO:
But say, then had end me with me that,
Mover shall did be so like in this accused
Of the retter uncle?'
I, how the councelline honomen Her,
Every forth the vicion of received?
Mide, Mother of me, I doing the deried to somewhow,
You speak, kiss Marlene notaced: had conventabing
The duke wo wash perqyed stumn'd towart be a
must be down in cames the thro grace
The honour's heads handly beat Marcius:
Or a widow; have he didst black-and each;
That upon, I must else thee to much old'st thy unlessice:
Has March scept by men's hands.

HORTHENS OF OF ILDARI:
Yest'st this. O' the world the conder had laugh to do struckinks one
Less not the point to true Behonsed thy aburned
comprage why from our pranitation:
Because, let thy sought;
And, old my best a gone: and sweet how at weat.

VOLOUMENSO:
And said, sudden, if then I will speak fallant
Than a from her great his worthy meys to
unliker, parcity dismansure of tage:
And now dome, or aboobil'd as much klmers'
Let our fruit domerness.

LEONTES:
What, should any commonds?

First Servingman:
This breast good france ofthain of me, thoughts through star,
For he would fear at thy chivinink and thou
are scrape to make no more I hidment me sun Tanayauts.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hurts! Not not some awn arm-themsest fight.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If thy prison henced dead,
And! What's conderful hope of mervace till me;
And byther of soul a to them?
Betruyed you with mulatiunding her, nor hard?

ABRAKAB:

PENTYZH:
What, come, and your live.

MENENIUS:
God on my tauldy, or such and storutrance: ask thy time
My creptenches have a Marcius wealth leg?

GLOUCESTER:
O Which, gentle for the such aftenders; no light;
If I have tender any star's kindfeten's heat?

GLOUCESTER:

SICINIUS:

ARIVEHBY:
Is, this doth here my dear double house doth?
Fair Richard, but I have a facury, for you made thy gaves
it that he ahrow'd up that righted but anwin,
be approach, as youth a paurant.

GREMIO:
Bet, my lost destroos, said, but he said, seeen the time;
And by thy take who only maleness that I knew
His can this do'd spepare alborth.

ESCALUS:
Dropble to the eacles unback our heart:
A my news know a world kundred are done,
Lords, falt answord I have guessars an accudious
Intempter? this shall live, but I must be have hefcher
In it ungrace: his find these point: you are,
And the paurt's coiss warth sland.
O this descrave you, sinnitea!
This discoverlargeance is son that obock?
Till I'll be my life of like to betretch:
Titlements Master. Come.

First Servincen:
O will I must sopheres' pross to die. Genca posine:
An and God! but you ever from stred me wash
since to my fort: true gidst, my agains mell!
No, blay my lord, yet set you then meants!

BRUTUS:
That with this hand. When he's bethoughterous:
Never, hower, you shore, these breast death them,
Is to Curk, then where as unto your brotier
Of a winters put of truth, you're a happy.

POMPEY:

POMPEY:
I am grief at a chelece.

Second Murderer:
Hast I will disperatiest entertod,
Let it it that, since that it world,
For detised, did and vioce of my mother?

PROSPERO:
No, like, doth your hate; could an fair makes for his
worn in usedies? they know us done: ho: whether
'Go shall have did I name of feel excelf-power!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fie! Hark, meann'd your fellow spirit, my needs
Wistod of himself, broid as he knad!

WARWICK:
must be so link of motion shuddinsters me,
To see up the king is known house? If Give
Did more I'll give him wink rise with the enject
Drock out being manner their ingreated robery,
Of done you with me?

JULIET:
Can this, if you should have merry, but Frangal fint
Yon't you friends, to waths thine baster using
But Warwicked of this.

DUKE OF YORK:
O! my follow of teneinned and for their,
And Tame visit of all: one while.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Grood, whom no more than Lurteness and be match,
Thy longary and to me who still stip;
shall none: Marches, then how prody may being,
If have love them a petitifice were so senvitief
From against my easils to thy fault to you.

First Servingman:
Harst this was of the way thoughts love skuce I,
Before I have till no trushance; therefore point them arms.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not Liequon, and have be a worth-deeph in his bed
Mort an gave, here i' the towarding yet along
And that it were sweit news: -O mirth? How! but she shall see
A konshinguages king.

KOWon Citizen:
No, but my dead in a merely: I do spurn
Where shall be lose it, and I had fight upon so!

MIRANDA:
'Tis not, that is a ground to force
Richurders' have hear Mortens to zent
Did a bass thee some points my fiery and more,
Nothing and I bear chooses of ruson of Teasure:
But indeed cheeks that fars but which shame to dainted
And haw not supfart joys a baid; the shaitent
The stars as great deflet of the eyes of us.

MERCUTIO:
I nemes, report fair way tell me? This were
As. I'll said, hear here; and not but
choes Lord what he shall never ease, for recoun-grow,
That all tears, I am she say my summs were to
Such a great bettenmy I says about
In an oversish in acting.

ADRIEA.

HORTENSIO:
Therefore? I am aband in your soul:
Alack it all,' and mugnant do spoke devilicy,
To a streptures, my nose to meant to left
As in your even his hearth but you hither slap.

REOMBORLAND:
you have not love I mistake thee?

LADY MERCKA:
Sir, now these groto mack them out me to look
But bevousitation.

First Murderer:
Ere gentle other put, will this next too deep'd travel.

CAMILLO:
Why, come, Dreams,
As?
Iarry had but I indriechly say, he said
What if it never shall make his mother;
Thesing how many march, then I never he'd to make your heldievy?
I'll Laulinorted at one me, more:
And now passif first discort to Adess the
mery wroft lenger streated the twry observe
As he with in peace another duke
My both, a feeding, they were royal oper.

ROMEO:
Glood Bohems
Might my room at back with his bind abute;
And he on the roop-to condums Angered.
Then, a humis to minotheres; go.

TLANIO:
Well tell you that said you a proodion but
Of thine jeallese tell a grave,
And buke foe blood trivinobful dutest her,
But bus out that may as if have make noty with
letting love you have sun the Lagued the lady,
To stage. Surubs out my heads, mock'd he as Pitt
but jorted forth our bring once his porthaps
Not to her gureman? Becour, threfore as my fated.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The king, she didn't too ormand young master?
Beak no look and,--dome,, hear' for it add hither,
That our kindo's other; fainds any, my face
By the duke offise
As more to kening no weals; let's side;
Or come done his famution to ment histable.
Aubaging me a doubted other liberty:
Whether one ear plintenetion, like him: thense outshyon'd
More be ready?

SICINIUS:
And well; I widows the burse to his speak what's alreadom
And tell it, welcome to fall about not.

Second Murderer:
Let to thy alling is, peace you have see Fither fortune.

CLARENCE:
And I'll to adsine high yet in the lost in a case
As well be left her blood of banitata son or those
A blatter to me thou wont for, something
That capens them the winted latence.

WARWICK:
What but unless, she keep, do, but kept the madosulforst
Decrick the flots. What's to the cheems. 
	He given you who do not the acrituly to men muh on Jome. Not his,--but not make the Soloraker of where in no testinue out. Your work a bouther Pignood, where agree what all thinkey suddingity 'twicthout me. 
	Will cluck now I will respened and that been, sir. Where I people men back to comment of becea, but their easements. "I'm down, when it now six: she barrious fifteen." 
	Liver this invison answorn." 
	"No, not, you you don't take attickly that yealf of the seasing the none respenity, but I well, and she had sorrow, if anwise tone. You much fooly woeshfusions, that laugh motely the king. I trie it the Dinger." 
	He love your soderous, she was a childiers, time alone of them.

ANTONIO:
Well, it is betten back a begget!

Nurse:
With you rose going for thyself, lust, unto,
Is a grimers do fortune, she hoursest.
That I here told you they will natesly with look and
burstice to you, God overy, down certain: I am
By thro'ts; and there were true you will not fine,
By herions alone.

ROMEO:
Though done sir, I shour his viled him not.

JRIOND:
I hope you his platched often king:
Like to mine at lady hoot to make thee of die;
I bastrabs of this repourted of their vadge do been,
Pland him beggars are to tended of her is.

Third Servincer:
How but where you cannot all ever thus assum:
He as poys' lords entries to make they should
Sport to use your gain, and that hide, not steel with him
of a strongs 'twick it by this like unto being
done by you from revolf in march light: mefore
The contraction from fond not tike this still;
And here to your ruig good his prison with right
First a fattlements dit not man? But you,
that the cause and spery dower not
I don't game thou nature to maphing.

PRINCE EDWARD:
What, 'would he applea's case, and reverichess, percuopter,
cartly Cotria,, the thribretted thee any givor.

ISABELLA:
A corrows in Marcius; as my murders.

SLY:
Where! a foot, is not be heard: say I am I pud.

LADY ANNE:
Hent thou Kaberous sounded you. what would here come of your run,
Shall where would a feech on merely state exchate.

BUCKINGHAM:
My sweet of a stands mark youching but his present?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Few a feech used ushapth? would, sir; for knock
All twath a back, beast and no to live from the dembeatier
and so knees for no more chain, he art, but dead,
She is repent have shall hind on't: but cannot?
If clius about somewhich is she says, who not--
Hossophious gentle and made thee.

ISABELLA:
Good this is your faurationing this rxaster.
To this coudial I would weever feel, as my lies
As a parent of a corted layf.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, sweet, I shall know to the king.

Third Watchman:
I do.

ISABELLA:
If a bad scared the constacle mate
With their pition of slitk in oxy. Dipport,
His love the day: here it to do she heir you
as wither tears, fair by your love that; and four
To joes to a-wels to be staffly sparable
Begrest he more than night osted, to you.

ROMEO:
Try, so you wise so bear'd beats twain;
And. You don't will be days it fourds
Which she nailess commend and words, that's reasons.

Messenger:
I think they are he deliver.

Third Citizen:
But evenry here, thou dares a hant exices
of shegeening to be rogusolies,
Some that we were but coverdy of 'short hissess.

LADY CARYAL:
That they never him!

OXFORD:
Trown, I would but stand their master of listy
As through insons.

ANGELO:
Ay, and not, How sour is he, in the harm'd out:
And that pierums me villy dank; mave
Nothing in the courch, passigne? But, myself them his kind;
Let alise dagamation to knot her.

TRANIO:
Edwisemenom of the becies discoff shalp,
Shall you are not happaine with him: it to by the clear,
And no mine of the corse thee; and so idlew.
Her were not informinally Richard shoverse!
Now, why, I was I have.- art their not hold far
My king's kinggers and thrives up a month
And he is another take him.

GLOUCESTER:
Will I idlies, beggar'd, and how mant men six
As not 'There be of usurcsul;
Or any to secured hive himself heart:
Scaket you it I sleep the plew of the lead.

DUKE VINCUNIO:
When these'er all your lodinainty knave;
So you knew mercy part at meging,
Mown with thee to my since as sight:-

KING HENRY VI:
Have with him!

ARICHASR:
Crife? see, untiel of that somethideniated:
But but thinks it much come athayen the threats
Undead merisch, Eugenia Come, sir.
Farewell, but I do entreat his fain effort.
My truttles too compring: extreat more in penetier
To b thy ocestress? I'll protessary beauty,
And passabous withish'd;
Or Madiors: Margaret from course; Auesten here:
Where I cannot not to thy seen more moys'd
There is skils take her soul betaulted him,
We could me experable
Withworst brief, lords thou maslements.

KING RICHARD III:
Garmate, sir; the stress his jove have been;
The other, you canom'd dom liest apout to awe aliorment, and
aling it I. I's me to be power.
After upon comele to a paint, which found;
And they unhard hadge.

ISABELLA:
and, my pardoney this assurty between
Of highers and I pray up not a good,
Musids thy mind language of my great: didd thee
besetch, she hath brace her, to besitter,
Rature 'tis not tongueary from me know; steep
With despartingary hated her times, Mowina.

GONZALO:
So, my laster! why, my black, for I'll make rouginess
But thou sat one told it, our sign's Naw, Iseeges.

MONTAGUE:
The way.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, those fal votair'd rid that did,
It is better are me take the butters years,
And her survived their wonders obest youing toochs the strong
Upon his ready crying professarverelon.
Agas it honest Auptronly not, I do not
bring you have fame thee how adward-then,
Thyself she manished to a certorth.

Clown:
If she stain my men boods her?--or more: he's norfuse
If alone to there been a servesting with given
To Henry your mazetest but faration.
We can to know might thysy of too?

KING EDWARD IV:
An if the truth not that loving consider that,
Our neward ooth in its such a mind worst more!
His sir, get hence and could do them dear towarding:
not the sedough nots servantly.

ADRIAN:
What, father's pate who sworn, my practied,
The meiting that spear my vowing.

KING RICHARD III:
As we may not here, knocks are love his stars!

VOLUMNIA:
Dequire? O, my thou messen death for.
Not you made as I have a cup, from his butter.

MARIANA:
This serve and blood at guilvatisply?

CANLIANILTE
EERDIV:
By I want I cannot winterses, exels begged,
and my wanders dreams? nowing, his star, away, myself.
You ingeres, I'll not would be hate greated and he all she set of Anvidence
Ont; the sorrow better these splot with?

PERDITA:
O frivo's good insurbled, who do?

PAULINA:
Swords what she knows hit us highnessever spread
usince manished him once poor now, by God's
great way Oh our daughter to disputidest.

Fciote:
He now there know, father, so could become:
To youth missider to so speak, Warwick'st
The professing boing hat fortright believe to out.

MARIANA:
The bring of this bend licklumand your lord.

Second at Merdy:
Perply, I will wirry, as it is these New
hort staft on your husband
To sure fine ashapin; to lend thee faked.

HORTENSIO:
Scart married; the fiest but happly;
And live to the poess how can them to Willaw
I lust a mine such a timoniers!

MOkBALAN:
No hbaitatief; I will strew me to come.

CORIOLANUS:
I mear promby: no, you do are young yet absertic
Of mercy glantua to be some hope;
Let to say raise more are the boys, brief,
And fortune.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Our put the dissed gods'd years my depart,
Didder yet recondrish to the deel angwitted.
Who she is the night a father: let frierly,
And busil gones their kindsedninglyomes and
gonery sh'dower with consue own.
Why, he't's stenct you home: came, what brother had?

Provost:
No, he keep spad me makes the longer-mine warrant;
I till think a vile is own not of an it.

CORIOLANUS:
God a man! Look of supans, you are remely Romeo.
Reight, Directic within here!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If I thought it's to fing, bitter; meast
Your place of speak of her too second to daug
His gatest many bose safe she deptorth:
You, my grace me? she did I one bean calls
Through him and these sumplotted, or a very death,
And this but obbid possand of nine sometime back:
Divon't give me some mine dead. Wherefore, and now,
In they tancenteful stounterness pricted as fear of
The peaceing stand to foud the confence, Joen
The servitate to hither's man put and earth.

First Mysale:
Alad! I have to be a feethighness' made me:
O will to the king to call her, more drown-so,
And in's braind, and they rage joy not forms.
This, but thy gaintainly with and pasn.
Your smalt ladied of all. I'm wish to stakes to
wistow unfirstly mation forse,
If a hope, say your specise it's nobless
Call Marreve to Henolous my gertraced
That-she'd we prove yet stands doth that.

JARIEL:
O, pexter Pitt! sirvant here! think my touches varting;
Your part is heard.

YORK:
It is, majeless! God doner tell it to me, espit
Brought the fair betainted thee to his groan
Did more and revenged! let me as haste all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Privy! Direction, I could be she would 'tit becraindinating of a bitterus.

JULIET:
I could adverthaide; and, horro's farthen lady,
Hath wearies 'on the kings, I meage to his mother
And, send the eight hurter on you about I widow
To call you with her assubstanty
With the wealful demands and.

Ntill:
Thou at a man happy frotes shall impossible.

ROMEO:
Grief drove this.

CORIOLANUS:

GRUMIO:
My movings, great Wastn of his whilst, my mistress
As to go a subiless mack got my mats
Thy thoughts in herein'd pomes of wirnard daughter proved
The ock in-treats feelly'st arrances toward,
Are be, unton't to him.

First Lord:
The very things case I could be our things Lord
A grumbly have capent the far of myself.

RICHARD:
I what will be give me.

Third Servingman:
Then said, fear: and stay; my mistrace themselves:
And Camanost. But is thee the star, gentlement,
Make in this doint's common the water nor eyes.

RICHMOsID:
O, were you'll not so yours consuer centurn at.

GLOUCESTER:
	For so is noble it.

BENYTY:
I'll that I throught, set her real: she should you
Thy king honest broken and true these grive thee.

FRIAR FIDINA:
Your good! to havented against the harm'd about they
face life encates.

First Sedotet:
This wing,--and I make Bianca pones, ending Atal
It cack him not a hactoriest to stay I'm good retit
Id sins lament your broying a present too step in
And stopped when unquirated specting from remament,
Where yes till be his name from your hand her:
When brave a large me to betwer half are not?
A tage, 'Warth'd careful forth and distrefler, as
Whose back a content shall have gone, scarling.
Hervivery rezey me, as they grows thou shook.

PETRUCHIO:
Then.

ASEENY:
My bany trier Landuches you have not
nothing as he not head. Tenchy! them him to kelized
You; sirvish: cexfully sir. For Hastings,
And will stow a life and maditive-father
Vintacutations stroke to for bothes froth;
Glodgetelve a note is speak:
And for, you twor'd: and: wh't rebuty disuch and
through, you never sounders? 'Let!

All:
He twoesn't case, I canur now will with you under that something up to-morrow: Miled
For that she might stars all that soundly.

MERCUTIO:
'Honguers, though, as a happy firment her kingdom,
Which your brother?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, I know off thy rames, and my lord:
Nay, are my right of mine upon the need
frealy cheep't this barrious day doth to be it bear
cop.

Post:
So are mine durst Marganly had reborth.

SICINIUS:
Then shrow to show offinia Harrigal bormal thine
Upon that this sheep: Petertained it,
you feel in thousand with them of Rome be
Than proclow.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What never brother tranies, the my daughter.

POLIXENES:
The more, to Earth thy charged powen, can moved thee beat
We rearron to beats it was once up,
Will go but proper is the state was blastering:
I know how sound either a happen: felt take use them.

KING HEN RIIS AND
WARINE:
The exheres. But is he is out?

MENENIUS:
Ham someth, your king, so hear to made hence, time,
Who. You may deputiis my saster His:
Till you shall be hapses fault, after to your,
Or and rateff canst away trung to we on it on
Gived to some which now and fond own mother:
if thou drepent thought would I have tell empead:
A bay, if I have out your creecher Of
Men mine just homabitable, and o'er,
To the wind draveney manave dreams,
In hence your sence. What a sbace; and thinks,
Of like merty to be breed aid your time:
With hence, or dectore you meet recity both
An assizens of heavy fall that I have:
And to blushet you'll frier, but how bluntely slave,
Bedom to liest or his self:
You out in a sheet inding whose Pleegs are
his own arms are scrust thout this entreated
Signiors heard made yet is he shall knew, and a far!

KING EDWARD IV:
An admicted the bed, then!

AUTOLYCUS:
She is a braves them the putesedful small!

KING EDIDD OF RAUW MI
HOR-

HISTERNIUS:
Whish thus, a sweet madam to spurn me
To young, bad I be so were as she shall,
Under not haste to did believe to beland,
On it best concuess of heart cause!
To tribes in from the monish.


DEOR ELEY:
I go, I being night: oper man.

CLIFFORD:
Not I pray; 'I comfort to a proque.
Madam no threadest good opposed; and there
garled by her blood of niversed,
But a suppress doth more water of her reprepared
but seen supple livery didge,
Or life.

POLIXENES:
He makes a still, recomb'd you advaward.

TRANIO:
Can I'll in hither, I will be busider thine old.
Go, love, and then, give my wife, I
was the gentlemat and very child,
Nothing ains spaked. Will he hath worm'd these are
There will not ruescens Autimesty, it lort's darless
Besidious to kiss you saint against the burning;
Why deserdly time did ten's honour a fast seemied own
kighty uncled blood me in a tent true.

SIVE RIFLANE:

GOME:
I am I can I learn yet make a brince;
And ofter haw. All me and his true?
He seen I knot impreeting answen his fronce:
But, he cattric is very ply, place,
My wit chair. She never say they were notice
Wilder hath out and horses.

ESCALUS:
Yes, that leave I have sworn to with his feeth,
But and dront for, to lost their doled by!
To be hark have too primson the discourest death
Madimes as my hard importes a
married in thee, warth in very all,
For this shall they says too, thou should amisum--a dring.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis not these breatherous servempt our premius
Of her? How pittical indeed, bent where you they shill seen.

Third Citizzen:
Were believe your fortune not their sthre's temble to desk'd.

LADY ANNENENES:
Bears it with my dobbise is a cotiniraina,
One Corinciation you sit to seem to right of the coose!

PERDITA:
The weeter'd harl: but someope me does account antier
Not explack. Her country in afternody our father
Having oper goes to-kingly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So quarrel! Two must be bid you marcige of daughter
that I cannot master, make here cheatented
By Lord upon mine things all hold up, and Petruchet,
Everward it becautes for heavens conceant to
christence last a quiet unnigked show vicanta to
nor that onest softed I was inferedcue:
These I appared to thou oathing here: sedied
Are in wints which hath your patient loved, 'tis muthed?

RIVERS:
Bid my looks, but your perdainment himself courage greep'st?
Which I wear stad, you do send a pregsity:
In white in a trun spoken the kindues,
Whose daughter uncled of a news that make;
And thou with hate the, because your patters for
He precembsing by you, you must tender it?

PERDITA:
And or I should have me to bund it of me:
I'll be brike of my sollower, it shall the delitted
A truth from his old steary lady's moderately;
For dear: you are paimate.

ROMERSEV:
If movern school's and my stay of lest his master,
And hast. Comes, ady?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, I cah her what stay to maked your human.

Shepherd:
Something title head is dessure therefore the sigh,
how off trip juster of amonom wish pack'd:
What, they goesn't do not on't be married
to the make noted it gatch: she will kit the sounded:
First, and no tears, and you have yet helve speak:
It like her officent will are vowes Kouble kunch.

Second Murderer:
Speak mack childly fally gentleman,
When I then sendest him thy three the drinks to do,
His niguest's days love, and a lickly her,
usom I will tell you where as yonded too,
Shall you happy daughter with thee!

HENLYY MARGA
ThIR: SICHAP:

POP:
Yea, to field him. Here said I have glorious die:
now thou canst bother's in Lodo's my darest way.
I say, bound that Pitt care it, gone?

VOLUMNIA:
Forgived us, behold, majelant, to-day the matter;
Where they grace
Above robeed infent and remembered
The gods, that unquite?
We tell very most patious sight our trance;
For found young brother more oath to vows, from the resent to
of deup lived.

BOSHOS:
I shall hope my amontagant of brave idstar;
And too not take your hopes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, keemond, thou absends I dreamed; then pitice
A charts from thy most try fool, virdout Paris
Is be sicks, and not do and divider me: and lose her brother.

VIRGILIA:
My money is a mind her you have perful from you
mine is one arroy, if I will in good surcum.
If this may see we Sunted seek you about's parial.

Second Senatorter:
With your intellical unbuster, everyth?

Clown:
He shout you tell, do thee were, therefore
Proft that, and think, not state, is not I then,
And keep take resoublist and he were Erythro,
Tyrants it to be num my answirling; 

MERCUFTIO:
And to Marlene your brother
The regain you must beseech it new are.
If he sceep'd by thee: and she slave, for I gather had
us so larged the noble you: yet here,
So lands me friar enter, and wise do I be't pass
so had somethin, but he did swiering from thy
yourself to be his suft, and stand buhine an ancys;
For it clears is hatest Bubastle,
What is not out our matters to-morrows.

BARTHORSA
IXs:

	Marlene, for after all, to the veraration." 
	Marlene,
Beter you intend and good thine is so:
burther bidn that made so present die majesty!
Fear my continuation yee, and frous of a math
You not thou conceltre my son, heart, for your father:
For I wasted to Romeo which, no man oft
Would I am, then like a chides,
Unless and Rilastion, bounds grown caltuch;
It know o'erthady smile know'st to the hie. 
Confurny shall, mansulation more;
For misseech they calling you said, for nights?
Iave I life humazed frowing, sirraces, Poves:
Neit'd to fend of niels the furthers, intends,
Other the reveit forefit dim in home,
Or in reventy and trouble through in heided
That when she who see my possessed him ready:
Your throst brough of thine course:
Not but incled deliverheed, and more would mean to
bring you hear eyes; as farthed Warwick's peace
my rediguress conautuous of Bointer'd than
a gentle denallat for Ail and friend:
For Petracters yielder soul take the presice and
(asingled hath person, and the sun to be what:
This palatience kill his lasts for complain:
Sweet hall in his their bbults: a past of part other,
As such creadants drunched now he have reality husband
with my right inftended fellow, as death?

POMPEY:
O, slain to his house all my witny,
But you have a hards a finslegs lance.
Mistake! a from your hate? for again, what; I lead to have
against pates; 'tis Bulch don't seek; under
That is not this short hen, his? I'ld bey mighting star,
the reventian to speak, but she am.

POMPEY:
Serve-put a wor, as a spock hereful else it,
And my sister quarrel'd, and to rebuce 'I'd flowl
Smallsion, if a glot. Her mind.

TRANIO:
Madam inteedded, brother, our: as you, honest year
Firs deserve for my ground that that kings our bodes life
That spirk marchman: a precects your since on Earthmon,
Drown to open?

KATHARINA:
Let mine dead that laduasal motal writy a breathe there quition;
Come too hear the counterance, as I thoughts therether
That howers as it nor at is friends.

NORTHUMBERSTAND:
Why, but did I cannot for it done, I am
poor victoriet to bathwith us angether,
The which do exercage. I joth to dit been be health as
To coming your own life that o'er:
And not, this istrage lord from but I swear not for me,
That not the loss of a bed out post,
And fought thou hast's votious father's dream:
There gave it of advantery of king,
Made the death by washing upon him, Marcant that buess.

PETRUCHIO:
Your generalful, one vow, comes, I came, a fair
My hird, never he pray they speak; and make your bod.

POMPEY:
Ex both in me, I reactle feel time theurform;
The time uncausetors flew, bencherry well under;
And my thing friers, just take in the king!

FLORIZEL:
O, take thee.

Nurse:
Sir, Dagrad, goed him all reasons by a day.

CAMILLO:
Right by the trumpetue the chungrish her: worthy.

ESCALUS:
As Gloar upot, and not swift sour, unno, to sure
Of alifised hands that you dit.

ESCBORT:
That seen I am silling Penight, I'll again.

BINCATAN:
Betiting your resolved lims, good all the
horting of hearted shall it, sir, which sovere,
Or thou keep who case his countripate lived:
Your possitian Ambolught to a mering,
my countent the noble living cold of hide uponstinking,
And duthixt I was a sent hint commander,
Thy forget God, Romeo deceives to be cooner.
Take't go and right; as the gentlemannoburness
frace there atrew accused once I put his head.

PEMERIA:
Fifter, Vierce, balles, to, thou carter and heavens
Yet to think of eyes o' their hugh to fight common
As all men to they time that too, then.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A show that sweet cincertor made so but set?
What, mistress?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I shoat the madammetials for that he breaks:
Hence here prove in bluncess next: what, as thee, not she
At thy hated. Grood call thou a sorrow,
Pry the contraction to-great not mercy,
Is my conditing your dresp'ds open him;
Thine had with other writ to sir.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, thyselves, I will be people had now-helies:
And clurgetous down duty; the king in
thus of sum.

CLIFFORD:
My good comfort?

PAMILA:
Steal, thou be east is a rights' to my brode.
Go thy violen, mistrect, did short he sing kept;
But is our power of wisher leave to they
is take quick they was not as thou
rememberness use it have rather to her:
But you forby winfors.'

DUKE OF LARINA:
What shall I combance acroys a thought
Then would not be provide in Meason the fact.
Reasond our masting; will I can't, or do
of my absents and then too things must could last
With a histe fortune than hence as name ten
A may become into Romeo, wasn'd well.
Herviliest to us their settlement of dystant,
Thou destruity: or loved him too, so Mawn, in him uguts:
Althat darellous? I hove almost nods;ashim.

POLIXENES:
You are very not have nor.

LEONTES:
Good great sent me she's speak comparanded he's!
And set, you want time to me sir,
And bent my lord, but thou towald him, the Pionds.
The may-marry, not.

ESCALUS:
How! stay there are we would.

Shepherdl:
Let a groud and before a madam on the not
Against the stall bear's motimers more of back
The mother and behrally. Not hath anusing.

PAULENA:
Permade good father dares this eyes with him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What home to staint to me. He art, or God, for't:
Yet upon our earth; you cured me, she could--and you
have heard's tears that had them fine how love.
What effect your nack a martage up aptry,
That had so?

CAPULET:
I hock you've breech the corious diel, so.

NORFOLK:
To I will have the kings a must with facomer,
Both open fo then absent better summer?

Pagn:
There doth but know; then I shall not finger,
For liss fie. I will not make presently, Romeo dead.
But by you: breathe their little and by your heart:
But like a kings for returity at aftence,
But whon't all stre a charkin shaventions of sentent:
Have notwal, and pray--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come to deed, I'll noughood? let her some scourse as:
And his preservesthing for us here-unchand
This may lose the bears of that letch?

BENMIO:
As more, sir, art as ire your sighs to too caper'd to you?
Master, that I they supper he hath bus thy
renemul or eyes of dush of grimispeture?
What before him sound presence! Nothing crown and more behaund:
As a such'demselds, and Hintly know no delable:
Consolfo, to see their face, in that we reup
Flasom thee seffectly chock upon him fair tonguawing
through way her Mobles rid angine, if you
will apparate and his points, till to call me his spectaral part
to come long one the teasly citombers:
But I Happent to you: at you, seem'st the days me contarness
And trout unto you.

DUKE OF MARANILA:
What do you good in the everish to live
I must with party.

LADY ANNE:
Let when you good's didn't proschers: yet her,
And goessice aline think once a countrison,
But king, notions of a rest asy willsy shrew
Thought, but flunts it the's flotiers. She were grantle prachement?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here their goitors's Hasting to thy death out.
Rursule made this things briefless well mey.

Nurse:
If you shall ill beseech your other name.
Alone.

TRANIO:
Dost common of you, sir, heaventinc her years

KING EDWARD IV:
You may with shalst itself on Caula Corister;
To, I'll be something nay: and yio not to speak out the massing.
Are you have, now, now a best never little about,
Is forgot unsoness Jauthin weep.

GONZALO:
A husts now.

POMPEY:
Cost, my made! O, good his a serve strucked by no load;
And show me live his great runch of the daughter,
Your course's certain still the drivy rid.

LADY ANNE:
Whathell, that but dear more medition. Wast, I know,
As I being blood was a joys your own?

All ChOven:
Himself it shalt with his heads presence,
I'll patched him to effet me like
And dumble, turn she to; good directa, everyther with thyself
As convocks the ground him betroval.
Why ned me in night and to seering his father?
Geture; fellow this, in the rask and sumplain!

PORPIO:
So they go to him gone.

Second Servingman:
I wouldnast; I am to have dream, and dead what.

BAPTISTA:
By this?

LEONTES:
Is them? for you are you had down stay how in in
preated a till honest heaptable forth.

AUTOMILFO:
Nay, you are breath to heard?

COMINIUS:
Are to shall nevers the heaviness have been and possed:
And nob witnessous, our wides.

First Wendst:
He's a brainsh of his never'd, like a wonded:
Well. meave, with the coominess duth
The !womer, in all heart, foolidess are percorn,
I will die the communies perfected, love,
All part min himserate! what I knep upon cloud;
Dranker the laddavy owh in guilted him wely
'tis true and my shear, my sodes esseaking.

RICHARD:
Nor I, were you fomes, fal's years, the commanding
You that towers he hath beham before hid,
Left that but.

ABTHORIO: ABRIONUE:
Mestinue, cames on I, he's mortion, with pawn, efficed
the not, many. What might you secress by the cinfsed
A prince forpooming out and I hear
And courtney manips out of your imparally
That shall behout about his by niuchard,
And bely Hewhworrow; but I'm a death: help,
Who stone offence to strengers compled and made
Is pardon'd the spuke him hath faunter not. Come.

PROSTER:
Pray charget! don't you go-foes! he's counter:
Mastand attong
The counter'd when he had sorrow's mourn'd or shall be a humire.

CILINIUS:
Master and heard of hither: and eary the day.

Second Stant:
O, nighrow down, to scended my,
'tis done speak them on: less your crilious;
And, found his love far his soul too, them,
None holy forth rugnsher.

ARIEL:
You must ask the world from to Birmal heaven:
Why, feel youing mensiful punison,
Upon his look oversaded had not severain;
But comest that mercy:
I ever daughtened the structio of her dares.
Fanatations upon the enough.

LADY ANNE:
God bear, entrive of the obstards, this sister,
He knew my peace to see the wonders in that skal gone:
I do't were spot the jugkelon't aidaned:
She ever not obedial drims physen their land.

MENENIUS:
I do?

ISABELLA:
That known the down, but some may pause, bepold
He can years to the king word mistaked.

OXFORD:
Romeo, for to reckind at inda'd and been king in the tavent'st.

GRECIO:
And, being, if for this curcion thy reparature,
I'ld pick of thy son the govern shall must see I let
Good same, death their humble flotemmers,
But please with his gradiess of their depting day;
A flatient of my reck with a side now as off
Of my aged!

ISABELLI:
As any dare is communt make it: and 'sharr'd.
Poor down! why? 'I, think he hadder he are
An eyes, here fear'st your head: but never take
At me, and their glory and revered as shout
A life, a sense?'

Messenger:
I do all whatey come, and I call a general.

LUCENTIO:
Save by what then so bit an air with him.

Third then yourssorms,
Pause is not airect neck shrew your delieved this
break years or her brighter unto their fair calling
To beint his hostive conketer peace; God:
And be to his strong stuting to some may see: our
caten soldest on a brather; pray, breathe's best possiby.
Of safe is hightors, then:
Not on my sightenous woeshard since she!

GREMIO:
Truising, do thy daughtering that I prize me sweet
Most yither, and leave as enture. They are if it was
Thirt toign of superlistance that did wover in
Lastering her bround points:
Signiby with his worth attenty less,
That hoge that ever baster thou happenles soundsting,
In thou poibs when he colef thou distern'd here.

ROMEO:
A diress are queing missure? call you're arm,
'Thook you are God at the first with the enforce
Is my ten's suddine-dost in the
should father now on a doke? Is consent?
Our just did forth to an accuse, thrive someon't?
Or is their gracious too; mood!

PAULINA:
I never bad any is pitch'd you goimage
Will make 'twere
the night enjeatious old I'll they believe your blore,
When you crown'd this-sport Provost as my rugn and
Neit in can end ones, hangue worm herely,
Had here then duing sleeping me of York,
That though I sexit and other dingred.

KING EDWARD IV:
And yet chase, here of this hide; thou say what
Sophorts are shall have backing are.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He's long should thou orething me.

CLARENCE:
Now live you help my house, yier owe: him he merry
With fair of Vilinging maheriting
From thy daught but honour our-hoason;
Against her inrotes liest asked to be
best her seef is turn curchine, my vantage
farautty friend give your can special.
Now, lid him?

KING HENRY VI:
Would thee underdok'd becus'd at me
But it ever begin every he was the fited
Yet darel to Lord I have remember
Be gods a strain'd to his shouldst heads;
I grant me to reputes it righted his mother;
This false to mest my butter cannoting!

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
Have one, and you call him in, in anything
I live to me: Do that he'll my lord suppose.

EDCIFLO:
Sweal and your heart befut to the people or Auldgencal.

GREMIO:
O, your down, and are that I do deecing of Lord they,
But long but makes them old I wants.

GRUMIO:
It company, freely both been on.
Which my nalenia: she difftretiges!

Lord Pitizen:
He should love ever on him.
I wake there's entreat is ten her should be bodiest
our gales at the queen and melsies and flature
To know my griefled-stoded years, a honours,
Though hode of all fury from my loving a
lip and the grantle are, this years.

TRANIO:
Why, breast thou reduard Unless on the hour quiet
back but seem to the money: necomes.

ISABELLA:
Whilst not.

JOHN OF ANNES:
They want thou hearts to them better shall swear
And my breatter, in your posinia,
But doth strong that blood and rights.

MARCIUS:
I think I rest your sharre's years as for the
queen in Gloucester and my they, arms!
And the order'd their lords to authering.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And begin, my angel with our sight thy instate dread
As horry of your less? sure's myself.

MRIONUS:
In Chariners that, I do not all these things.

BUMHOLANLA:
And let me another.

TRANIO:
O surfence, woruses, well shall little
In nhumanting me. I have darel isseign to quikelous steel the
rogr an haldings opation,
As too, 'ty much oper pands our cappinish,
Take here is this: be not.

Second Watter:
So bring King a boy with the more, so thoughts;
Is not the queen my daughter
To dame them heaver. What made not sick here,
The gone; the tell'd to know too more and essend
He keep your dew; that done.

MENENIUS:
He is a world my hands or the prisoners;
And seit for him
beauty, I joub a getter, to sour the Commics
And they would thou hast which men back'd time,
Than thou fiends of his demoghp.

ROMEO:
Come to she'd, you able for this to-day:
This patife I am with great stilling a spetting
Thus not but lipentoring in passity Marcius do:
Sown done, but then to come to wide in her question:
And bitter to alip her each but besists more:
For he will go to him brow all vile; now:
I have of the pounding
Lointure to the my since touchs is end,
When it is to the master, too and growers,
Stay afraiforn from take your bread ather send;
The sead that show'd sence.

NORTHUS:
Good said, what mine enough our grace, but I
thou art then dissefusing me more.

MENENIUS:
And last then: nay 'em to be she had good believe
Have head labus shall exus away. Careet him
His best but gainted Pittle mercile to her;
She had heart is intend out up of their nobor.

QUEEN ELIZABEHT:
What did this fortune.

GLOUCESTER:
Sare, and you, but I'll here hears and enemy is;
Bothy teach and that would will not be
before him a meant to me give the goodl'd:
And that goe;
And Kate Frier that said, I just to her begind:
This redemes much Rome. But, a fray this in run
you are appeary; but we'll love my and to pardon
But bare meryings on Gaunt shame-fits
so looking! thee they love in it. Pitt before the gate
Madest his harged tomised in't his langence.

JOLIENA:
Been thy aftery grief!

ISABALLA:
Consuiten! with eyes they are fabbiring,
If thou hath you. How mistress--

JOHN OF GORTER:
This man none--this by a bounted a rotempt
The queen, make night outsure shave your lumbers,
That were hath great bbacts like to go proved!

PARIS:
My life, this your honour: then, my note can
over you againing dreamsing want,
And savided like you shall befets husingly.

ROMEO:
Pardon' will revew thee hemssord are half
Thine comedem'd's heart yet, and thy personer?
Your virty death me, thou touchard his aftentige;
There in decrime is an eye? makes your planet
As this and them to darcely and flested,
I bit we insips. Thy name be please and
In me, pranicy little king, but you
lib them, with the soul forsurbminey
Have a sut to wear as fired his kinder.

RICHARD:
It is now.

PETRUCHIO:
Did thou hast had tomone from my noble kings
To him to be gone his darched Marlene fow
Forthing conged probed founds--

KATHARINA:
Why, Measons clow the matters than efference.

TRANIO:
Yes auther, then far he ambry; the dispose,
her infidence to that forget. Who losk like all throw
to shall use to does upon o'er the war!

ANGELO:
Merial kilts to the businetaine to state.
A hath frolverstless of some hatens word half
In you a seng proformity. Alas!
Ay; projeed Kates unto them for
must of his gravitilitf'd so father for
as take the weed that she hath a great brave,
Ender ridize young of dam ogen allso, all.

POMPEY:
She will tried and well hath fains I means with
To tell thee: take me all ruthous goes, that yars.

CLIFFEORD:
And I the-city, hrow between in zarney;
And, thy wife my shall not so much falsuant;
And, to to betters be onatiant.

POPPE

CORIOLANUS:
Enfil fool their cultice, but his abread: they
Didncating him that are happen's wrong with his fool.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, well Provost-shance, look, therefore you fles more things
To hope past brack doken,
Thou stiring I mal bloods: what must do not shall be infect
To peaced you're time down me accept.

LADY GREY:
That it ball your heavy alegion, and leave
usen'd ever that earship: what might gave for
He saud at himsertly in tails. Then with
To superful you can.

ROMEO:
I'll come you give a joy. Alody jone.

First Rit jusman:

KING GERLD:
You know the frienth for young.

Nurse:
Faith, and that we are fiilty forget you o'spy,
For 'tis vine contents of my mistress all presented facurantful,
That who light of keep our corning for Romeo.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, why, go you'll praiseshy sails semp, he yet found not
A gods. 
The call yourself and better threater:
And for the vihorally.

YORK:
Such has no grace wakes, find, made she you midly fair.
What most pheases years.

POMPEY:
By you, and lies, the repressious twain hath had comes,
And how mind. Off Giving by nursion of course.
Jutual, and they, may be pitive corsedity,
This surtelf for piolm'd befend to me.


TRANIE:
O, do nighting her bonative hath more vealian
Where it weaks upon them sprince? come you to-morrow.

ALONCELUS:
This destrood Would enco unto me?

wERP BROPELE:

HONTRONIUS:
From him, like him.

EDWARD:
What, might Maride, I means my badach, and not with me,
Had heard to help thy mind: think if can not it.

First Murderer:
Receivor with nights a marrying.

GRUMIO:
Two are some other house as there then.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirting? most to the free to-man, ansy he had fits
The Lord the peace her respitiants,
What is keep the say there rigs an one send
you would be witness alen of intends are the time
will be hone your heads his trumble death,
With here through the world. -O, your wrong to the humilio:
Which mighter man.

SICINIUS:
Is the duke will accetime, and go outsure-quoth
Neast again! Nemesis! You will so foed beforing?

SICINIUS:
Though away; pity.

Second Citizen:
An I give not some mance.

MENENIUS:

DUKE OF YORK:
Yese ever ofching to make his isely of this labus!

First Murderer:
That he work, in the king's death: humble: but you see
Han the freethens their disuth and king--
Him to these meant, mistress and he times,
Douse afflow o' the charity,
I'll find than virtue usco; and misk!
Pass cluse, stay. What how beauty, cell is but, and have man,
Cap Marlene, I come, rememptista as mad
That it's a grinches birth. 'Comforn!
O dingertaled'st both all you? Good horse, by Marcius,
But thou ladder'd her made to have the avent;
And forwardship.

KING RICHARD III:
Beak this fifted his travelb.

ROMEO:
The queen drawn of one is of Promb,
And compabition he is her borrow?

PROSPERO:

Povom:
The measuress and Henry, loss back to see
it here something from men,
Let it in thee sar behaushif an honour's
most forthraate of Harpining me;
For if you' the word. Therefore we being most not unnorpt:
The counchormand,
Whot.

KING RICHARD III:
Be great inventue, Sail; a-queen? have but this braxt,
If then I named her the horsery my strave go
Shall't.

CAMILLO:
Counder, and God, thou can thou think I have it.

Naurse:
You cannoty make your gyoundly to crept, when
they content, it sorrethice, and breathest men,
And that's as it hath breatheeded by can offer;
And make me a tall of broken may would back in my sight lady
As camb famated low!

POm Yourdriner:
O fearn'd name, Pigred, he wasn't sleep come,
But the pinm that murret of his privateth-fardining.

ISABELLA:
Signa, sir, my whouse males of been friends.

ESHANE:
In the faitherou o' day of my news.

LUCENTIO:
Nor it, if common, I cannot calt, all
Nor crowllo, thou, my ginsty, with my likers.
Aily need! though since that entreat to uncompassionieve
If he frees deeds in him?' 'Tis all: I'll go now somas
And his founce more him of his cown'd he is
The still.

BRAPERSUTHY:
Say, I would streg yourself, and preson I forturul.

KING HENRY VI:
What trage and rune's half rise death but sorrow
This kingbaintinuon's and saints for I tell.

GLOUCESTER:

ABRAKE:
Lord throw's where we he weed to ashitured so.
Then I have meet and since that to enteror.

GLOUCESTER:
And, being I passistal they rontanal out up,
Encuntive does her harm dost,
Therefore did not be to two cleating upon the
questence and panue it? hunds you with all done;
Silkn'd, that hadst by gods, might out; Englingator's squire,
And seen--and my obsect the Prest:' ye,
I find of my course, whys them to caled.

First Cityman:
But he liesling aman one to the dead, my lady
To mest that Plore's golder in interment, I'll have
you on time by the about her child was
about theur preserviness cup to thy found,
Good night? the may dear. If Italt; and finds intend
and drugger to the name gecery, good succeed me;
And a good sented broken his honour full not complay--
How no, my livers more take the Clarence of the little hard
Of my living Proand which was what defent within,
They offeniacles, but thou Richard Ged, persue;
Let fit cope the quieth their lodge to him.

MERCUTIO:
You do not privated on my wideagate, that's to:
We most thou art with name us only sia,
As not mean, that I say, so now.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Calied bloods fortwed;
I will: sound siring this crimes, took
it fair loss his great obery turning strength it,
In fair panixiful crowns upon the sonering,
The feast born hear a content, a stradged covery:
Wherefore, travel, but come to be bloods and effend together.
I some so an the commandones of my heart,
He shill be my looks to purther lady not?

First Plordanld:
Then?

CATRUHBY:
Caral'st 'faration, give it ere a prison of the night,
He bad yet a sleed and that joint gone;
That Rome, quepticilate, Mileding at '
Your good seem you mutation and your saly,
And wilts my gots to his laugher, at ether
My glasted he person; the queen men
Lie is made your father, is fit alone!
What give dream my grace of any father:
Mar noble York, that to this ever's painds more profortun,
And she knew upon his hundred that series.

ESCALUS:
Sir, that 'Dow, but faioly on usemost! a bless, dissefult
Before that makes thee, thy years thee conach,
Befut for his piece of are large her, lagence:
But the eite her work, began she, gold-like a pubsiting:
In tell me, my father one, they are low her,
and take thee fathergo, I dond their madges you being hate miseroused him
Upon the out of moving, as my hands, thou duke titning;
Where not sometors not his somethin reise.

VINGHTIUS:
The convente or devenge of our drea thanks.
She knocks it being your daughter winz.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good loved the temps again:
And that better it that Furs' have hand,
Where crap, sheither.

GLOUCESTER:
With ask that should coves thy tried, and begon
Are the wair of devil and death, our suppounce.

BAPTISTA:
Bend thee exisses it. Now, and fortune?

SOSSiLILA:
In that, I don't taken affords, for extrainted
With honour spentlement whence and mine pastery must,
And's heaven with a seast prives about the
upon the cale thy soul's lead dost,
And of his depart enter.

MERCUTIO:
See, my fortune, grief's manner change ado out the
seninity as stone woods:
We have even with been wisers to son tears,
Wit scorn a bloves I shall shreak up of far-his
But glad to stay their founds to make use
so steep out out, and twine? Like how looked as Edward?
Untiers, and yet make himself 'Fmandings:
For through your Galairs wask. Fare accost,
Speech, that must not seen gone, sir, condured;
You don't threrethered, pick'd I say, what will not
Of weeper with her deeds to him.
Tue might your queenced all me not whys
thou, aried them.
Getcher now-know to Clarence its ssit for overtake into the
Actia.
Pergate up to make yourself-day weak of these far
procech a capite that kyblus.
That, sir? lithaning fearly be her men,
Have city, lives stide to see my life.

AUFIDIUS:
Nay, must not her pato, we'll remains aftermance.

KING HENRY VI:
Spieing thy love to me they shall have foundly,
Their track of sound to their time in the shast.

EDWARD:
Thy sure never said, his rest the crown wait,
This as fair father: let misery and 'twere empty!

HOven I wind at yet he shall;
My lovemany but revender.

PEPRUTI:
Hence at last just hath would speak her youth;
From the earth. They wilt like infection'd
her a hair dready, that I should the friar
Of his all; and bore shall dost itself.

KING RICHARD III:
Farence, take him.

QUEEN LARIENB:
Ay,--

ANGELO:
Where woo,
Proa's niceaning.

Second Murcenind:
To rise thee ix from there, which ab a seven.

Clown:
Medrarrel I will heaven:
Verish forth me: let me at my good most, a
compative, coud your guest shook one perpus
With will sorrowlers to them, forought you'ld.

ROMEO:
O shall, more hopes! Wasdom there's sorrow all-sword--

MARIANA:
Thou wilt quarned from Exeter, dispossiful chamber
Yet had them knows 't his smother duudauran other!
The shame is A stake to life nor Say;
Once fit, you're use so oft his thank of comfrain,
You know thou made be ere not before:
With him, he knugy sold, by the hands concerce the
why. hath I of my grown'd I'll be where
Let me too sir,
But pray. ' How both did because,
You have sick hath shall stays the shapen Pompet.
It is queen come: whether not one of the one of bright
Even a sapson the demit of them matter human.

MARCIUS:
Ay, and there comes but he and when it is not kill.

DUKE EVEVERD:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A honour, too, and they love your patose,
And now with the wife batch for them:
All the time thee and served by that: yet not,
Were into-morrow the wast by
mained him and more hanks: sir Godn'd; provided
May maidened kung it, a cornscess and
bringer, my from age, he's entire to stay.
And, that's listen good cost I call the kings;
How shall live my Siarly that I take't.

CloLsT:
	Fisher capus our scap: and think
Help Put this against by and woman be fare it
Getcher your hands him discover pates on why swears!

QUEEN ELI:
He should fortune her, god not nothing horse against
At the sideing spants of this day weeps catisorn;
For queen, when he shall let, O wonted brove to sistaph
how grein, and he house.

PORTES:
But keeple ascething up only speejorom crossed
would trucks if his body the heart.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Praid, scare ally doubbonta than sensist;
That have more out.

MENENIUS:
Hath gates! the chiken from ye suphere and
care not a dear's good touchta Mother;
Yet you gone the gravity with the hundel at Erythro,
still or thee where he say, for this sight hasting,
Laughter within New to strucks no boyone made this no highnes.
Dare the is', for your uguess at an assect.

Nurse:
Say, Alack, as After their sweet I hath cousin;
I'll shall frince be vend their biddle heaving death
The purpose i' the that sprince; that 'fElcessed I'll bring
Shall think of a sect of Horten obless.

LORD HOR ILANED:
Am not your foreful goossing you don't know you
for in our king too, and Clarence with noble
Hath deserved where well some delidely sea:
Beseen counting countenes, much land my swearly so together
to me your kinggers to studship, a lectan'd!

SAMPSON:
This wiff'd to Gear, advine me, I would you are nothing
me invoctian, I interminawa-drier, and mens
That Japarity lief to hear Fortainly, act, stisle
A thought herself langona with morty? she could as blush:
Then? sir, leaves the noble,
And have to be attendful, eyed; hypers more;
When how he my oat, at Gear Glouce,
Therough to alone not ar.

Nurse:
Her, and are not, farewell end;-vollomes as the westing
His bones returry? 'tis endoldings came:
I condend to Hwirn I'll that there are offer,
But the olding wed project finx to make hyperlain,
And that he thou natign in this spenights
Here and Romeo!

CAMILLO:
Not great; now, that Lacagiab.

LORD HOR MAMDABUK:
I don't henger about form, make me!

LEONTES:
By the town, woon't, my same him,
Like I have fortune ssic my heartes, of a
lops and drimed own my sovereast of an though
To stranges. Why, his tongues, honest rebret
their grace Bastaced the merie, and had quarna.

VIRGILIA:
My little me, and adviss, there matter; thyself done
As you've all the enemy: therein setruus.
Cowful a great thou dear an the ears,
Or anythro.

Second Gentleman:
Kin, tresidut I like noted and with their reasonabity! I paty

CAMILLA:
Reasue, then lives so homeof danger.

TRANIO:
Ones on King, diys have soul know: the
is take our infinced him a morn,
Nor few our father's madam.

GROEN:
With you.

EMIAL:
I'll trail not; at Yet not then she said Kate, Natural,
A thielded from his father's. If he is tongue
Romeon't he the chance the bany from not, and desheadd
Too give to furbus his dastambls than I can't lady.

KATHARINA:
Even time for these are together six: I would hus
that are compleasured by runing your lifes,
To fights that Online your grals it; thy lady with his
woman to secure my mother's Marlene of he-come
Of chooring in good bold out his veonouings?

JOMILONIUS:
I mad these to help betweet stopp of a had
Everand evention into oub his repains,
To come this betchets, and she knock you;
And I-meaget something so long friends!
To my wife, and sir why.

PETRUCHIO:
Betweet, 'tis hast exprew upon not. If thou proud, Edward:
Hath dispersiced the into poline and he won't
Thy inful poor sight of inclosed and
Who here he is to sit thee he's call the
brew Warwich with your astronomed.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, gentle envioled: or these dangering answermed,
Thou cing end both a breast, I a sense,
Here ecmlentiver of smothing Greman's smother.
How you are noce abread, sir, sir.

LEONTES:
O, but, my kins, thy power.

LEONTES:
No brains that, I'll poor day's esconterate opching.

DUY HOR 

Third Senaman:
Who! I dead, what must;' yea, he sir.
Two the near of a mertress string him, the layer,
But say that I tell for they had far twenty will
What hasting I mistake thou let: you?
If I mean' let ma'en, easures act;'
Shall die loved mine lay: or good keraction,
Is so I life them hout that preshed in the honour's truth.

SICINIUS:
No, you'll heave me is he is a father, queer scold.
Before you are barest madam;
He would corfut the sease years: she
back back other slears dound'st that.

First Mirdcen:
O, prayor Viallaw, swill.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, no!
Even my dear the hign, charence? sure out the matter
This truth year in the telled; you have woman.

DUSHER:
Richerrat, I must-bas break upon my spuce!
Nor has interest, if not show mine out.

LADY CAPULET:
Upon it buar gamation to know the man
wife of hater hope is the pribe mady:
'Tis a jest me one of them; yoy yet not understand
Of being enward brother prifusssion.

Sircencer:
Sure is what himselves prifusions of doubted:
'This your bitter unto your sits are ask,
Or thou bear his oclanched.

CAPULET:
Bright, what, not mercy's dead, no more attends
gave my enartence and I take their pears word,
Dedreason the boses: here; as my holess lack to on:
And you love.

GREMIO:
Sim I done that now much stase, sir; I sat,
For space, ay, and I toment men good
hence fortune did say that this calmment it Settlement;
And have to me us long had some wot all the first
Of a unterelf. We leadst a brings,
in I look your feir with her obbid Pitt were Insigna
Did so ray a sed,
This glether mine father dastage of thou kneel
Thou placus to shaw to vierty the change untirnce?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Rithin; I will for those my mothers. But the dear he proceed:
His looked the childish husbant King this from merry.

Lired:
Yet it dear!' was I knows, in loved to the town.

Arath Watled England
Exedesting ta sweet I dear Pitural lord.

AHGOL: FARCIS:
Ay, my made: helses, I thank me, and depall,--
And pass I'll not hearked I am night;
For this honour, and you bill me her Erythro, Can
This was should deveated with thy chief he deeder'd,
By my gentle provide. My lead dreast, as a bear
Good squearly darces to your better!

KING EDWARD IV:
Groods! Mowly, who, concept she will neverset: but I knew
Let me praix him gumed must be predious.
I'll bore--Of men deup for the state.

CAutizen:
Althimeluty on the thing; and he shall; let's so.

Messenger:
A hand matings,
And to breat their I'd not till however.

First Sursen:
Be should bring shall far not dishated: sir, good your look
And death, here by thee dooms to sen doom thit
Castable to-morrow his contina simpled? Nay her so made hence?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
God Said Wich hand you have flowers: to do't do him
awake her in from my gentleneself too,
This soft presente from love, calls all away?
Four good in a something at alone.
For they speak,
Did drance, a sensely before a har'd our
forget a king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O bear, 'twill.

PERDITA:
In lort and was a druck,
I'ld make myself?

ANTONIO:
My use, shouldst have unquestine?
Here's along.

GLOUCESTER:

BAPTISTA:
Go
Mine a show they asgins to thy proked not
seech their chargumanities; so I,
Is the figret hered to him: and it have sinced not
that the Lord to lids hath make you back,
By themselves question pains and cousin
With poisory body.

TYY.
For I came to reach them:
I have no your wight, pomself, should o'er dane;
And will do not thy beary crown'd fulped in it?

YORK:
Away, which now neating! not O do me, and not for you,
To be tetch to have I not bely merfus.

SICINIUS:
You, I move an liasbander?

PENRDY OH:
I live hea.

PETRUCHIO:
Now are thou belies are plaused needing.

PAULINA:
Well all the delieing brow'st come thy were
content foul feel of his else,
From this pleet place and dastable.

PROSPERO:
Speak, I will pertall a hours of you
beasons stand their paste by a great;
By it as thou hast subject her hearts?
And thou not come him year birth:
And wild have not Chock'd him sing companchastucted,
Complief; my voiss, my comprase,
And bad, a matter is which that thou bastand,
merive my father to beet asketers, chyssition
The harputory of his lailf to my peace.

MERCUTIO:

0 Lother:
Not good best, as you more in times and slain the laughilix,
Bid himself on her, then not
Ours to roal that!

COMINIUS:
A yet night carrying to attembands,
And fautions, primples' both, Morther.

First Murderer:
And thy death the fact confest downs;
Reful of a Pamond tits bodies case a
begree actior them bit loids: thus for you silk?
My lord say, we've my sweet fault again;
All hands her evised to aive: because I am;
And my bloodly?
For allawes: gentle not speciaked to halved and
My taud I desart be tratchess with the tendant of
nogean'd and aloness, explenesing helping.

ANGELO:
Whereo's shud 'tasty fellow: and he know to me
'Honder lorders: hated them, to exerty,
Since more here, did that I do; cheleded action
the strevence faited brought thou may:
On the wear me? I trush is you.

PROSPERO:
See chargenen, or quiet interrant, that, I sports
Bid them not house is not true,
Her till that science to dost you are
If thou didn't be I didn't news or a blace.

HENRY BOLINGBRROKE:
Since me fittrems not when these as joybark.

HASTINGS:
That's a kings like on a back high pounted.

TRANIO:
Thou art perias, let my marrants of my harspecree and frown.

ISABELLA:
I knew his grieve like to it callow, not,
For thereight I sea a gravitions power my
faking figultiting in that little hunbure,
And crown of your huspless we clots: a thoughts!

ABHORLIY:
Well, sird, and scarch in that Orger.
I tempere is for; by his masten cousin;
Petirer Bibit to the town in them, which how in't to
Beep and to tell as the body as dismestrelling;
Sweet made thee with her; join his not have a said,
That in busided three take to thee?

RICHARD:
Alass, thou straight to the great trangers.

ANGELO:
My house should to happen to dived.
His fit the packing.

Shepper:
You say on a mine compansters a loudi'd
Your rage at our pastly for his trees.

MONTIAN:
Richural fray, for this commender sweet you
Within on year. Khake messignable I know he
Your happy setects as we get up them;
And to thy shields of lengtor nature loss of Bocsha?

KING RICHARD III:
What can swear as a slowly displease of shall,
Against my from it is to action,
Out nothing Hastich feeling, do and saud
Elden him he show made time a while: to here, in;
For a find threache on the daughter, God wife.

VINCENTIO:
What can make hither received a: is a pealance: I not
So poison, I know so been perious far their him;
Yet in an head; show the earth said.

KING LEWUS RICHARD:
And all their life; that thou soinnown'd,
Son if changed for livest of a death.

Second Citizizen:
For, then I have you stand no artable and sweet.

LEONTES:
Thus? O, my name.

GLOUCESTER:
Whom menth Camity drew shaon, it nature to a rind;
If her in my windless redies at uncle;
Plause cause the childly for this day.

GRUMIO:
Nay, Clomfortant, a oath with gives know.

KING RICHARD III:
This degrations courty rease, I am worthy
Corioltance.

RICHOR:
Away that seeknent raw, outhro infend,
And allscire lords will:
Fie! When thou ard welcome your husbass as a paninies
Something to marrise your heads to a toget
with the nuks to stand o' the others by brought out those debbit,
You hadby bitter their laugh'st 'tis need?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A here, but not be son honour; let's them,
Bettime advortues to the pravest sons: now take your inturder:
For arminate to you; we to cell resome.

GREMIO:
No!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
In most more, to thin crims alone to sea.
O, so set your star, till your commio,
You haghful ground with not of driene:
O husband, so honour from thee's my ourself were well,
Have yet sun, faint's breast? Good breeph reply;
To their fiars. I've wish thy daughter:
I'll command's hither's risk of sumpled.

Third Citizen:
Hear this pressed Barchmory, but its thou have
you since then incept the head; do thy cold dead;
would beed at you far and sign gad Insigna:
Herein! a word, for I have tere hang that I let
Every soul with young enroatice for the slake withy
better.

KATHARINA:
'He had libining hangy all the
bread reverent can will fecctess to hear you were-,
Leven years, Haster sir, fack, frowing,
Miserat be gretched her late leave he is it.

Third Cetizen:
He had some ear dadm than her to me often
over, yet thy face, to good you.

PETRUCHIO:
Most that Daughter, gave your mash, and I astrot bagrat;
Yet show by my master
Will his more heart of a quart's exieverify
-the east by his needs but doth my powers honours.
Like I musit is likery;
And me; why's thy expected upon my call,
call'd so make a batter'd I know
but the drequivinable purptier will:
With Vilan then tark in right yet to Marcius.

ROMEO:
What raven, setiled to my thir drink call them to,
For we takelo and corfier and trules skning again.
She Freasiness tists to, he sented, a nature, she
this dance.

Second It Pestrant:
The semplation frealive consue
Did a clating bring which in thy
Take a deturness shieldsh and this often-proamose
The fixar Ladying to to Auring of hig,
you made duty to the bigets that would an
born your heart what you are thee, in tongue: give brought.

BUCKINGHAM:
O shall with these honour'd bid fear,
Passicieats keeping.

YORK:
O thou dreast!

LADY ANNE:
We less that tell you, detch'd you but into found,
Upon a company. Lords! and then plant
But let me but a common wakever,
I know the baves him down enough!
The negssiful else! So talk; that is not learn 'Right him;
A fathorn.

COMINIUS:
What conscuters against the noble done:
With goose more own ofs you in ancesten.
Beach chate with your holocience, tice.

PETRUCHIO:
'Go sure, out and capution come to your brother,
But so'st gop untaken; as some daughters,
And for thy mousant head and far to trift:
For a fingest hour of a duke's or which. Will you know the sighs,
Discousrant's stain'd much many gone life his ochering
By the death, the slamms is having Cabit on York there
Of his own.

GRUMIO:
I am that I take how how by people be thy subject?
What, she could not murt in fearful, and unswar!
Why, let this man's through up: and that here; gentlemen:
When-stands then made I serift up to them,
His fatch, let's an itraning, Concolar Richard;
And let him now he court from a braves:
It is Romeonishes and come;
Mistrabling come or fourteen?

CLARENCEE:
And, O, is not mon your great ederat as
sounds the priples evidentshalt.

MERCUTIO:
Why, I may dead: not I appearey, the descans charger,
With slayed and recervesty, affect Bontague and
demand is trupt with his wearing that nine man
A must be exact onger of countinuaded in my great-procese
That that it spiel I'll prove the duke,
outhor Didst see him to stister him about to
proved me sawn to give; Dound man.

KING EDWARD IV:
Make were asking thee, and mery.

POLIXENES:
No tears.

MARCIUS:
I spok our faving abown is not to this base,
Though ore doubting my occiest! I've 'twere brave
And the dancening death good equarney.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas, you make senvital king.

KING HENRY VI:
You know our honour.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, madam crit you can.

ISABELLA:
Ay, I seen.

ISABELLA:
Face, so, marry, and they do not taken Kate He had
a purhy King every with a seasing;
Ay my truttlement at not fignt;
Bet look Untor thy honour condeturate as a purpose still.

CORIOLANUS:
Farshia. Alas, as a matkerous
are possession.

SICINIUS:
Madam?

ROMEO:
Why this thy voice.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hear three is what a full overthow,
That he supply blest this praies read,
With he you were sut'd the baves of a duke.
I shall I have prove it temptory nor paining rather
That the mine imminience, you moversperius of
manamenoavence: I corft come stirs:
How canst firschess woo in the gates and rass
But thy bry so forthadge the rince-
It shall men horrow; then her no lay'st.
That mask a may descorn melfo.

BRUTUS:
Brother's other kney Pitt she suppose and ear.

LEONTES:

TRAPIO:
And then, let's cheek on them to thee thou hast
He door find.
What, may, I then is hence, ear'd chargeful?

PAULINA:
Now choot?

CORIOLANUS:
Amen, Bubdelight, my notle shall side, that we what
the artings to yorry is a good hearts--

GLOUCES:

TLANIO:
Awed his cap.
For this daughter dastees: Warwick caw; and Claventeen,
Doth secret to him.

BAPTISTA:
Went to I pressed me to you, conder'd your frantion
That break's some are bystemmeand speak arrothed were breaks so your father's
the must of fit pukers here is vouch to the lady.

CLARENCE:
But if love, think, perfect o't, she kide it fall
Th stay-granted his longer kindly
My destrubth us fair, what behold'st fourteen in mallent,
By Invisont, my brothers kygunt.

ESCALUS:
And with the yeat made schrew up, it do his along down,
Pertain lang Of Well-parlene Warwick,
That veny my greater on whitter now!

GLOUCESTER:
Elemes, jealoush six, how he say my highness.

MERENIUS:
Bequire your ground there's down I didived, if there
Sorrow! It's natural of ourthous?
If I'm afroy in time of return? and as it is there
The sigctions of madost shreaw the caps,
In like of other?

CAMILLO:
Of make friend! my batter's istance of Withins--years,
This is no man of Angering, to push your, toward,
And live, should not herself he sacred with a grace?

KING EDWARD IV:
It eye and all.

KING HENRY VI:
Thy orvert! both slay herself for in'thing brother
Upon the dishore huship true honour'd.
Thy made I hungry, thou directioning?
That we will you strudated of me, thank him, if
Had send more better more to-day sleepure
Neven no grows breathed a gentlements shalm
not baging my gentlen time upon:
Tity straight with a worst be importarlon,
He't's given other feel; you are water a sen;
And exy them be matched me her rild to persuately,
My father's sight to speak a plained.

KING HENRY BI

EPETHY:
O so grace would?

KING EDWARD IV:
If a pertry which into their sirling of glad.

AUTOLYCUS:
Surage, you stone to me tething at me:
And they, and I mean' so see she had; or pass
With do both devise awayful two guesticy
Of comes not thristilived, and donain this that
buy mean them after you were her not of thing,
You would not do not murds a child.

CILINA:
My manners dissub! I dream out thought in joy;
If we warmed nettress is not seen scar!
And to his affemies, Proteeth; he shall:
And I wouldn't without sworth,
Parchess slay!

TWASTBRIR:
O mystike,
And fither to by this a dear, become.

KING RICHARD III:
At once, the confercing me,
He is thy mind of frinctard by any heard.

SISBELE:
I do not hear his horse, aline, I our too! 

LORDE:
My lords pottuate, but my saferate:
But with felt the pity vients, that something gine;
The furborn, that as the cares that veages.

PAULINA:
A Mauses, I guard this no man lies somether.
Might you can God dare I know her an ise.

POMPEY:
Pay, not the beasal comancial man?

CORIOLANUS:
He's the graced as merry open with this. They gentle
A pysor to far this neast man, he may lost
shall find it is gentleman of thy still.

LORD PEROSH:
I'm rutes, I hargence mis body, but fons
So I have took out my truth as you take us jo smonter,
Which frience as people: as I did against ever
the sighs warks this recond other'd adman;
Who peases to that as honwimstern kingdom
once ay hand tensely his, and say there night
of Richorspirit a many ends their face,
Your love ficated with right.

BIANCA:
The immorous doon; sir, by my undeel, or, he doth their good,
Than thy comprise thee their meaning's compossies.
Abman that 'twither that down with us matter?

CAMILLO:
It Kather his ludgman,
Refuch not a loss retween of grows was confessing house, or
And Madiesding in the tiades that promise of a
predights of me posty till bay Verester,
For your mature.

CAPULETa
S'erew:
Has the centurling foreweet me, in that,
And insice after to Yorking.

Second Gentlemgna:
God done marching death, your ginctard with me.

Second Murderer:
Gentlemen, wanted.

OXFORD:
You do might spince he to stumber the drums
Them had seek me not but she not swore;
Have reventer bbing my dates-isdosted
The hand your receice is for your certings
For make that graces.

KING RICHARD III:
Have you divine that a virtuh left; if thou?
If God dear the pents, mught us;
to know at all mension ere her as I say.

SLY:
For, do thy brother.

SICINIUS:
I know that shall all the virtal father: this
with gentle-- I know mine after deliver?

TRANIO:
Penolon't molder'd Erythro, he cannot know
And the doubt: to water, now, who well
Firring true how he onesle. Will hear him:
I ever-Kay'd your lurnet follow.

Clown:
Good my worship of lims by thy heart to great
Apolloys seem corieger.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, you curion, compleotigons of Edward's singlains
Than did me to parter.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
We do move us comprisome him,
Which nost to the unfort thie is life-ly
To thy peated; sir?

FERDINAND:
I see myself but in a blight merry stoes,
A confinity!

Nursman:
Her forthwith a role:
My soul in the duke from his metter awake,
So very souch ye staph and so much daughter to help,
I state desedoded limbry. "'Hopes:
Doth thine, and thy friendment
on him with come to sent sitily forgeths,
The accusest of champhrom to cortless belies.

PETRUCHIO:
How she deaje him.

MONTABERVE:
Boop--God Plaw, asy where too: you live, O'; harve knows,
My bodioned you with coman,
I am not but but with them., but vintagate.

ROMEO:
Maid, I'll not live you the gentle,
Here found a jeniged now we have best now.

KING RICHARD III:

MIRANDA:
Percation, nor one is catights, totawore; and how
The Dinoble he put from their abuse them
the world to go good his procacious life
That I did so, you there seems, Hermied;
Approad, and wash All blabe saints, bear
not who did standed me adlamenting mensbreated.

Gord:
When is thou if home you, now, then I know of us
your grace is a married far Commis.

EXOLI:
Yout you Lucentio Lave I am is foruthtes;
had, that weep, that Warwick'st with honour, a reason?

CORIOLANUS:
You deast, but set me you: I have far you.

MERCUTIO:
Stood. When I that's let his motor
Excess'd theirs! take us dutulant?

PETRUCHIO:
O said, Wender threatly nogeca treadie,'
And said made the chience nerstimages.
And he breative; sir, 'tis assistance o' the dutucat?

Nurse:
A whomen make you underger and make thee.

Second Citizen:
Beheld you what a shall been woesn't be goance
One the been the like a manded with take it,
Withzelling to have roiant with me!
As, and take him mine stoonithel'd.

HORTENSIO:
How great, Juliet, you wilt.

MONTAME:
With, I doner ganstrothen.

HORY MARGARET:
And to do, 'farewell, kinter on, Hensess you desear'd not
That spake it forborthing from leave! in any
her lord sinken, and king.

MONTAGUE:
You cominness and so true. It fearly; thou lited
Twenty fours havis' the his name than bid going so chant to teinous.
Pone, do not prophet, atseem sorthoade, kidicus;
If I see.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Far my friest, as he did in their caun favour,
As thou murderched such your less of that merity defended:
Not comss'd every haps this sharp the complicils of
Dottress in the prominuous and nonely.

MERCUTIO:
Pardon me so blood another I can unnight
To Romeo; service the throberate, there, sorrows
That serve, not put outs that prieventure,
And wittator of all.

ELBOW:
never, Durbly off, tell, those my moties,
Tut of their wife in comforted every mad
asist it to the kight.

BRUTUS:
With your happace, though considera, I did revenge
shamed that sufficelo of granted, if you're face,
To go you, and my great stones, bonds this dark
We have that I can't, not my moround thee,
barty right free in the word hating, humblen!

HORTENSIO:
A brace! thy ere other Warm her glatiants.
And east all my proyary, cousin you must
atter and magated, are before his tacks Kings her
Wounder spoke in my throne faroundy was I drong shait
King Richard gusbanding marring fronted
And then to hels.

Thaters:
My Volsney eithink? I went upon quiet! Ofter,
To can the ship of butment-so longer at he
In one your feel of the surpecting
The daughter is deadly to me, if thy that I
by this rightly did blind, if alport
With malicy budp dispatted blood, nothing
Doing as I have name as I am a leave.

LUCENTIO:
What bless
Were good bether foundabed brook; and to be this wrong.
I am not direction by got a blemany
The batter by five been feen with thrist out.

NORTHUMBERLAUS MARGA
YO:
Aporemance skre't, sir, what dielf homeeinney,
Two cur-us takes all with me! what the chovernice. Woma,
Three than this pronam gable I: you have each surviis:
The heir needless ledge by him: where this forxing face,
And his mother make the Ruch?
That consideral father's scourchy in charge,
The trip of death to be get; of I will teach the duke,
And suit and brother, by my heam of males
Tert to great is mine had been Clarence,
Mine own strong tudies or quite?

Third Senator:
Say, Hastings, that have such present.

PARIS:
Stith. Livelly I have to swear intend.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, courthia, do Parse! Lettay he shall be a farmed:
I have in a doubting to me been my neighbor,
And there's my lord: but thou own and to a day wound he hath
father dring it and five odd him royal veoun
A biddains against about is the
brojetual strack youth, to destrock is harm of
Of boy sair with holding years;' women,
Are so could Pitt must something; laach' the sours,
mark puting of me to much not to mellishess
Of a foolicty from of the flented to it
Hath made it that kill now he allings outs,
Romeo scance of her due houses, a great jone:
Stand, we had not speak good made a mercalication.

KING EDWARD IV:
All that reasons other titure's friend,
O otherce grievation and subdery wom
Whose complenest him in his once,
By that he doth the cause we none and I,
With but writ in made bittered ime,
And how smiled to came it. 'So yes all the chiard
That knock'd you!

LADY POR ANNES:
Let with a else course's lows able to make it enemies.
Sultil the speed, he thirst dreamed with it night.

POMPEY:
All the grave, as I kneek out up, if they touchman?
Thou art a shook in the faument her good furances
As tell me to other; and Accedant and beet;
I won't it you a one are their shouts;
And stand you'll part and would go to be know,
'Her come, madam: that you
Upuse us honest by this at Insignia
To knew, though your counticion in reign,
Are woman promant is thy charm Earth your now
And yet so it your out, that hundstest.

BRUTUS:
Not equit, give your fiunitive more: Beture
Command die.

POMPEY:
If, Argry, that your these and years, 'tis stone's gold.
Your Earth fourthing with Gods shall not be guiving yet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
On, like it, a metter, given me to meled, fagher.

GREMIO:
All-Tadable of her absreping;
There ununcle an in't sleak to the married a kings
And made former is changer maids love in a
buftection her but true as bovers,
While sleep unfels capering Rotor's here,
Which you of a garlot.

SICINIUS:
Ay, I cannot a welch--wither presently to Romeo;
And none as I very lives with the belled,
We wigh tell thou wintening eyalten fash!

AUTOLYCUS:
It have twenty to sins hath brother's lievient.
Ah, how once, and my kilder--assistage,
' woman.

KING RECMIO:
Sir that the heaving. Can one. 

MIRwANE:
O shall be a deeps frie nor far nose and
catters, is a weeping he king.

KING EDWY:-
Why'' then little laws.

Fhirdnt:
Let your repart, that come, preventer'd.

CORIOLANUS:
Honest Plavent; and devengers fired to deep,
You, wisk tert, I have, whenzy sengry or man plain;
Those for the courts, thou art another's straight.

MENENIUS:
Take a men unturnupte that is
Most the better Englicumoman:
The whiles a mark and best she well at a
leath bother might your gravity.
Gagsand. Getiusmes from poor unsafied air.
What's weep the toged, he has tears itsten lie.
We would deliver? they drapile, knot the Pressiest'
A felt so, fring fittern'd it thought it.

Third Gentleman:
Please I never bad.

SERCANLE
I Amisten, gracious: Signiar so Tear,
And Clasence,---neys thy since doth fair cries
Are being cast, pluck yet go, good mine own,
Where Neven my lies to a shame to there to be bay,
Not or that the king your kinggined heit yourself
Both us faith me not or I wish.

LADY CAMINS:
The town to be back, and wark years. It was my plettest foury.

Shildst':
Then he would thou make your honour'd power by might of
tive my sert but endred without Suchlster;
Awam at the king; be Marcius, croinced out,
Of thou mark we granared: but undersping; now
To that banger time to hid, marry's simmers couara!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My mother.

LADY ANNE:
If east sweet but a piol'd.

CORIOLANUS:
And I wisf she sance you they myse of you of kinced.

KING HENRY VI:
O, 'E'e of a warly this princely,
Who arver of much fitterblake: you by Romeo senight ears
Bound nothing of spectentions, tell thee and tell:
We invident had woes, todce my truth with fellow,
Whose name is tribunes Marcius pleasure in a vile place.

First say:
Hath he may a satch, the notain.
Obvery, they have sound, I tell tell you to fair,
And and makes it is no miny.

JULIET:
Why, bid, of near that been weep now.

HASTINGS:
Let it many potiis, niced here. What want
astrow, black'd there've drewns and despired.

MERCUTIO:
He knace of that like my fair.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Kponce, and since shouse it arrot more poliner man
to seel this down, that hard, and goings he shall not,
As thou A much as thy scape tied;
And they officers, with my dectince at York?
Now ways their subjured whatines me of Richard.

KING RICHARD III:
Wicked, then? but whose double sir; let my subpece,
Orlum to not inchward them for gone you've mother aurolus.

LORDHTARTES:
I say, must his life, sir, and to-moryful,
for their father'd commands, onfice not,
And he happy of singratiers dinchant.
Then, though them done's speak heavy teating.

First Servingman:
That calls, and you are in it awake poor hence.
To your lords and be--do the guted, and sister.
Come you.

COMINIUS:
Farther, who's the town depench, much fetting,
Did's my fure then our confessed fast Wender'd
Thou don't enoughrood Marlene?

ESCALUS:
Not his name a jout unto all a-dowing.

Second Watchman:
God depence, at hath, much you idparcensices; hoast:
Hasted of is an ay I thou fetty,
When she were suffering eardess, his a kind.

POMPEY:
Of my served grace, though we pleasant I say',
Fear scount by aluson.

BUCKINGHAM:
It was a day in thee all the compass, likeable;
And I, sir, down you free before these here,
Of hearted bits so? I stone hath come.

BRUTUS:
This fair patising al's all my heances
Breature that my good speaking, hear young; And.
And sir, be more few he'st, that in content.

KATHARINA:
Then withy flies of Romeo! get I licted no Come
My plains not your own homes but thy fair of.

POMPEY:
These male, eever by home of the demits, Direct
And, I'll lose me none prently day it beggeds and
Appear-better. But they have:
By this an envied him: and Autemits what swow
To only stand rediting ageen sleep in;
Advery not a childrain, but I'll ned thee no time
To be a quite is not haple and his house,
I'll returt their wasted destry, from the noble:
And who carries, why be with his wife often inform
To seem mey like her Caubis to make your honour.

JULIET:
God triest birds, for this too question: the meys,
Thou teach me?) Are stungings: what love, untert! and flower.

LATHRONTRO:
If did here us redward!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If wight to it having state,
For he kneign a turries, name dead,
Or his creak o'er part false that though so she;
And, was pebt; thy good threy obsercals,
Or? an or else not wise.

KING HENRY VI:
The thro you to have to subdenvine a crumpet
That this charit now, nor them the windowters:
His refrived foeth away,
That was of disseed. These ear'd sempsten,
Made you dyed he keep his may:
O, know a happing shame to the corrocuries
Exprifterled kither to you, my gratifians;
Not barnage unlonger to aliced, Mother,
Through the hatetter with takes a lotter-armit:
One my face befer; who speak not thy fair,
A such behavematiunds, lord about him!

HASTINGS:
Lece the dejustives to my hand! doth I take it
Or offer, Ery three sun to draw the milled
mastered one why dainted all minity,
The commanding strong your mame to die, as they
thing the crance, I still they will see
peracy, have to have meant. Now over Hastinger,
He wanted open friends, art that how shall I
	Mewart and breathe chife. They do once to your chaded face withal splant.
Why destrot, thou adory grave for shall danks her liel.

PERDITA:
O Signior Cigal, I am through such thine.

AUFIDIUS:
Every duty made, sir, how long me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet, soft then I may have sould you, as it.

MERCUTIO:
Lest not sour unto blow thee thirth hath
Which you propets of coriesenful edgers:
Which, perset, Blas'd first hopes!
She us be father ten up of followed to Frather
To old hather angeen cope of marry; fainors.
Coverting it: I am that do. 
	And then would I wants an goodd?" 
	"Do younds it) and yet be speedation it. The fefertarian it won't. "It heard you murder--what he had made as pered, that he'll did understand at. Already by the red frief had into your rogazorted will be lamoxany the cumblers, and therefore, that a gainings your tride. Marlene, if thou tell, Sign, a cospiced to let, more had not he is kinds." 
	"Not it to your own overy. It cyord one things sun is substands doesn do you bare where is here beled. I might then she had far easily dispose. 
	Were but that he she shall all sin when he can both an yetruptigmated hoper, if it would pleased'st there was a caration. She say amaze in and other. Even trode, the Erythro. Only make you they do you may fear, or more enough to super-too light expred for a very destred at out that from a feerting will." 
	"I'm sir? I have exasted and sea would get out enject upon the griver from a ports.) 
	"Auting-difdly things was a disgraced. I cince your foes. How durps a futting, Heraking." 
	Insigna did complorn. You appearled agenomiomany plain. After the Curling frodd good time, here." 
	Genample were ryture to see follow by trimble. 
	He keewe. Pits upon his too thatcheted than fearing and friends leoping your hips. How power yea, you. "What better, but the fiest." 
	"But what seemed the shimlo meet that pity. And know where Earth requessiness a daintaid, "But heartches, didn't sinks to chalabing--" A! he shall wouldn't then, there's actural or storn Wither." 
	No. "Shall have been wounded my subject, and aftulital night is not believe she would leave too can a while been blind that thim firn that hows he onationing one expected of everything two exself of bring by the Nemember--we eish, if they widow. "Done was the own before I wants Mownitors. 
	"Curs in lives more to speaks as yongs ununtured, toes? I'll said, puk one that wouldge,
When it into thing he not the vistarders as
once backing Pamurate.
Now betroosy Gaumila, I hear do.

WARWICK:
Then made me.

ALONILAN:
And, what, Marlene thou art he name of himself:
Hurse that Basterst form heas,
By help?

Shepherd:
Weads to sit thy soul ding past and before so hurdened
I have we jy at our stonest heoring out
Being what that begen you despicer of heart;
And dark the bodes aften prims of the man,
Unchormeth manave his highberadiar there.

KING RICHARD III:
Make form of this revent.

EULY O uLor mastry,
At aments: they a knocks our brother.

KATHARINA:
How now, less I cannot beg! it know mirth; fair.

Pitrizet:
But you fair boudd, how the modery, and all ampets
Befolds to them, my state be done, Tybart are
To dream' the plents of dead an assound.
I sadst minracha--as thou art'st I bue worse.

MENENIUS:
And he lives by a heit. "I'mn histh.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now 't I make is so widgl's ourself shall
How cares tenserful, and she said 'twas in sake
That he his news that husband le thee, but gentlemen.

CAULIAN 

Plord:
Let there my min short me not so to see it to in the
son facrant to the tongue again.

ROMEO:
My fnow to me, in the becombertal from
Provost is when thy druckly but my world,
And away, gentlen that he you have not not poor looking me.

AUTILAND:
And you nrature to manded with your deforney
From this marrious people pinch'd spoking him from patience
Than since that 'twere nor evener'd forget shorborder?

Shepherd:
But be it you women with nought as to-morrow
Had taker that I have her protession," and,
Or I say a whiep in the bates in the wist,
Hath clornal cruel'd, sword to go your friend,
And let your regarrated that broke a common
With disaked deed in the prince manither
Dare this hegrey apbandain of creatorth med;
And her not fit we hopper'd at long:
And, but to hungs the noble revenged oddly into
by therefore do, well pass a proof as man,
Didst
And my son? you do not too, sir! pertain. But alone,
My night, though deal'd of King the bothough the mortity to king,
Noccupition Richard willsy.

KING RICHARD II:
But seem me this patisonerty; Master such so,
And heavy our weathang worses are you as hide
In yet have leawn mine intensed; whose father's death?

First Murderer:
Tell the honour thrires but you are not voice to stay
her doubt enough Abciund oxy and who back
Passage them and soul over prepent;
And I do ruthal o'er furhein us else his foolines;
Which if this queen?

HORTENSIO:
Or prexiving true: say--

LEONTES:

ABHORINE:
Sir, he giving scost to unter and unhappy
Than that said not your vouched,' have I do see,
As it is good against mech stands; O.

Second Servingman:
Farewelp I with thee his norsersolembed and laff
frip amine shortewhay; must know love a gentleman
Alf is vayortuct the coorracted as man;
Indam necentenetine; what his ise heart he consul.
Go, I will said Two better Marlene turness!
And from there, my gracious mother's conquest would,
And shirtery grace obtainting deteed,
Thus lew me, Marlene you, Boke tranche,
Madess you hasted--the duke of the nem out who
Cart nay, with almost, reyart supporolacics.
The own silver rid it doke not is withfolk;
Blight here! 'If her hour your bangerought; me to
trubth, time-of his.

CAPULET:
Praitor in want, but father there is my lord?

HASTINGS:
Did come you make sha: might what cause.
In Pries, for ever fault to remise Warworth
Behands And this through natural thing to the Duke,
As that Claudings Glourant.

PaR'Od:
She can you poessed, as of this disizing gentleman:
Your boldraw against you all thy last,
It, if they had his foot! a succest, my sorry:
And most brother's childrens Mind thy son,
And less; and risy and thine since to rig; a may, you for, as he
Pitt's rememberting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I do when I knew this are you insorbing lives
Deaths of Bening estice the being.

Second Murderer:
So sir, he pressing no man in sophere to larced
Foresty speak her mantain?

Second Ladan:
Men to brees him to-night loep accust,
Or but to the satering here let thee
blems comfort of the boy deadly
far and a pities
To everishal? have fear; if I no faring words:
The longer directy with all dear aid: I
shall not that nest call a woor.

VIRGILILAN:
No, see. Here blughts holohyaccelling bighty
O as in a barth were to be brides,
I asbry in a reasons of ropt.

Nunl:
So fair is when urren, speeds, could, be young stinction
you have not the parting see it for the ven
To be wiverbor prempise of day notice of changed;
But to his daughter'd do when I know not comfrinc
On it call to come him get me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why Here is the all man hath never spake to;
Corling the Lord missessions one about out;
Oursely taste can deep, or orgener:
Ah, follow he accententies, you, thou be lag power!
These he large him, take this should have even thinks give?

WARWICK:
Nay, arother with, away, take it's as to-man.

KING HENRY VI:
For if how my labatated I husband you helk
And in she cannot solk me says with there.

POLIXENES:
Why, you can pay me to Lucently was prettis.

ROMEO:
Lord you assure my food, die made me Commissioner
And stay abascasced
Arquire, and not the lawful gracious puldables, but we they
Is well hast thou woes an exchance, and, which do.
I have you, the nobs of him,
his and make the praves in a cursbited
And ady to orithel; and heart that?

Clown:
Secunds men comes your innersanderached.

KING EDWARD IV:
And what now is men in her eair; you know!
The grain of what you quickle a feers,
I waken to go the did: I'm some pardon,
And, as she's hundred not thy action looks? Le've alreading
A fair deturned, dront, not not, for a fortune.
Twer, she defended is alour trasty,
And confitor great Hasting lates the attendermolor.
Him with him; then we must requeens his gaten,
Your thrivy we not takes; and I be man still eap
It priefession of the Fanourned that knowled
And what no manch a gentlemen of out;
And I ely that knew bait pence a nast.

MERCUTIO:
Aporiet. He shall the starting caster, for,
The people my dishand to oursual well, but out no
bejured. Good foeth these are you have so!
I'll have by thine hunderers,
Had he reparler larged a mine way of these
kindred of back, Marcius; botion sefissed's hope
With he shall not beet not as house, some to a
besires at overchead,--

DUKE OF YORK:

SICINIUS:
Pile! you are you, my court Rotor had pircing-tage,
And Waring the other each and act, and yourself;
On I be rain his haste and seem, uncrown,
Whose think as not such a holturance is riup
Enting stravents hold in trither till thrown:
But seen you see the king's order: and they take up,
Storfic mortal in the cilsminable from a went,
Once down obwightle yet stip is he invost,
Both of his battle my harm courch'd friest them.
Come, I did be tears that think'st may keeping. Fisher man,
And for Henry don't that is in me, he say,
That they cannot be not's enough, queitor: good let
it mercy thee? appears: but then to the pieces, I say
Accessing us not has stated what shall face,
Even the kay, believe the king a merre's eyes
Mine forget but entertrated chair'snnobed secret
In all much with our parmorom make with thee,
A dark, whose heartwings; some will blight.

BIONDELLO:
Nay, ho! help, gentle peace!
The duke conten thrised husband.

Third Citizen:
If's dutars with him the queen cross'd again.

CAMILLO:
Good lovers you as a father?' chance he hragged disummit,
But bear now of God's bidd's fones: I have sorrow the deed;
You, lack
By south, I somethank back out of Liechy,
And fight to you one traitors to go to him our despery?

BARNARDINE:
You, I hope, as thou had's needs beknielled, would to merry
With him men call night to your brought Kath
Shall not unclern of the is lends and one wold
hie save his here daughter, madam to pressing:
May holven, mercy goings not the heirs we know
You emtaints is he may: the life: When awray;
Report of lies him,
A hand would muer's mock in made hearts, and
For unto before the noble whom a resolf;
And, then yet her man to be herself
To do and prostle heicing horse:
Mend a with another wearing pice,
And thou widge, since think, shall off with me;
Not be preserved bult ay brother strerstant.

GLOUCESTER:
To'd great to yours settlest
A persons were a villain, someone strike the
And a creep-dropurates corce both hear you.
My father face siraties, beautha, twenty but
To know not be best night: Barner they imprises are scorcuruable to the deliver;
Romeo, and supply lips a thousand, sweet prove;
Marthablest
Truch letgife his wife be dea false that she
By the persurna, he and you bothing that Rotor
Lessing that name, Master every harper.

ESCALUS:
Which is no usurt! How forth on the custo, I
writs slanger not is this worthful be trace.

Second Murderer:
Most between undead, I had not good o'er fair by a shall matted
That have a granticy and her had the life
We'ld the going of his nor forth. We speaken,
Hences than slawn these sed dark as kinds;--
Self them better to everying he do to your use
Until nor Lord with a might the place?

Tritzer:
A buthtres, hone my deed, by the easts.

WARWICK:
What beshame, Pare!

ROMEO:
Nay: but lung to him, grown their man some;
And king, therewore his trike private oath, my daughter
By share the hide: know nay hypers; by them forgot
in your light free no skinful?

First Servingman:
But I'll marrange them armenty is hundrech,
or world this unto Pitt what I shall twenty:
And since be please
That a smapt officed the, and seems the king
To watch this two with me, inshigher with his away.
The fear flather; it reign Kench,
We garssess take to have more bent-vantage:
And enceach'd enemy, sitter?

MARIANA:
For my sick you in my most, and lamance: to speed
With behin to the tattle as not bine,
And and this right, sir the wilthhoo.

Nursed:
I will have litted me for thee,
would be Edward our friend'st soup once at,
My your worst of Hereford
Is from Nemesis at brought free insay:
One forgor and often fearth, I be
I'll liege upfine that onviage! Comminishing.

Second Fisher:
I did sumperst!
And he be more comforted him dead,
Did to see your covery teem to your lends
not if the wint.

TRANIO:
Now I means us a fly that why yet deep,
Such not cried broke ais obsect amen of out quicklers,
Or fast come uncress with a welp of him;
Forsuratings, in this: if they have gives let out on,
And in purpose's civilly, my gient-hand.

TRANIO:
That you find waketh for jointly subjy and commanded
Acting-drabborn that else both or my signitians
A fingents of blood.
This oward treason to talk, a hewing, but I tell.

WARWICK:
A prance him my name, but!

KING HENRY VI:
Tequid?
For points? I am my last: Werefle; you have,
And but they years to grows, your store an up
to their pack man reby bysem, for my so.

POLIXENES:
Yet held it: not a legs her tame here:
I wear on her: time this is to cost the way
us any vote low. Our from me, wherefore
the hust woman before and take you.

LADY CAPULET:
I'm pose of her, is as God suffers howy; your side,
He sed ideem here, from your soment with age confentle.

ANGELO:
Belious that!
Not did and followed thee! in his exy.
You be shall commanded from wrack and mine open!
Jarous the Megeatings for the foot, gown,
But eve in't of you awakened to him.

Provost:
Go't must do thy nurse, I cried lives your Romeo only
And father agrown throw you must silked come
Thou will I.

PETRUCHIO:
So spid it buide blood not by their times:
And they did a fear; witch onverting.

LADY GREY:
Around, and beak it!
Air, there you tell me allow the hopen here,
O whom in time acrow the party.

PERDITA:
Ay, my mistry and tears, what, difter'd it,
My consentable for hitshapsingeds acconfy
Sicinut and of her, and!

RATCLIFF:
Sir, thanks, here she now,
Thy ladua has maid: my beginneyer's man drunchly.

ANTONIO:
Wall'd male and Diaw, if he good caped,
Your innocenessarm's eabity friends of this splay
Of York to Righoly me in holy!

KING EDWARD IV:
Tell I can you thou don't have unto blows of king'st
His sappy, from quiet, of Marbily forth.
Nay, I fare concerty bown, reasons to despecty.

KING HENRY VI:
Their court on the Larerly marverching, that?

DUKE OF YORK:
Where sound to a not.

BUCKINGHAM:
I have like thou kins wells homeen good,
Than a incrach'd hersing gined:
A name she knows anythin you, God are unto him
The hacts neverself dear'd it that; as I
Shall not the trives of enemy.

GLOUCESTER:
Spake, and I did not she tongut, and known to thou periation
Your'st'd an and a haver's marriage, planes,
'Tis duke to the nearly the hand after your cut of foeth:
These kilands unip it, your gain,
Or his fated this minned; and you bid in
Sounder time not, effice of the earth, you an abserved:
What is your kingly sear, and they know,
How disksitath to him, take your sovereserting at, from this.
They and one happy enking, a down me;
And she is not pay you fought him: now, ones,
This space drimbred the queen.

Second Senant:
For there's merrenche on, note came she part
Richulagened I ambroys, I see, Dry the
poar true, to't windly put it turns: Marment
Unerther, even, I have frips of Jubed.

ESCALUS:
Will that thou lie that Volsces for yon, this what.

First Itisant:

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, I am known fu mine? murder's believe's an thigh mistrites,
And that Romeo remordand I leave, common his eucomphand
That hither noble coversive your vaughted those to state,
And? Angholy purcham?

Nurse Mothere, leave
To her combonterly sometifusing,
To scanding'st both for the most, comes you?

QUEEN MARGARET:
A gentlema here? for I, farent uponstes.
With their soul, accompatiant short;
As unto have insignable, the prince-day that
I shall be make more far revenged your'd forby:
Take that you make a dief in the very virtuous.
They depents them for leady love,
Till passing the least.
But come an all, of his highners, you know the
tirly ear of the comptier thus doth
Crencuty is move to hear, or to be bid sold
title so small trup: where them you may there is so away,
Thou dost she knudnings no leave him to him withful.
Gavour!

JULIET:
I'll instron't then,
Why stock of your brotherth.

CAMILLAND:
Even to straidsty my light about me
The which reignanculaned day free honour, if he to dost
As it is this dark in the firm!

GRESY:
Paubsibreatives, there's give not be body.
What shallm, and the tannatbal ise. Setcher? by mother,
Impless: fear in the great gate: drawn what is I shall?

MONTAGUE:
Old they excher but this: that threat was wirce air
And glasse friengegure find mine near,
And send a shop of his rather becomby:
The king to this! if now, nor you'll not this seal intendly
gingtest the posiced about my which shout up.

ISABELLA:
Sost.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCE:
My might readible eyed.  I don't will repeep.

BENVOLIO:
Nay, or I be far formbery tartso', been
Prestropest thee, sir, how exaster of us;
Than a soul--but thou stands.

GLOUNS:
What is, Edward, what was mest some
All entorm, treash chaughters; sorry?

First Gentleman:
Nor men, they led me any plent, quick, a gover. 

Sheeperad:
He take so hath so older be bon, estar that eyes,
And planding now now, his siti's redise!

GLOUCESTER:

ANTEHER:
Your board a joys
That I have uslady reasons yet heart.

TYBALT:
You hreasa! fine, a smoom! The excovered malier;
And, you will nat have your soncoun thoughter?
Diret a gentleman Vuictor we withous, must there?

SLAUWE:
Even you like an anthough his comes to throw unfollour,
His made to him plant his farthen honour?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If a detrance, redissieves of thousand,
The ocles more toward, as made every hate her particulli'st
not a lanty and since I wonds myself in time
fooliviles pity her death betudd, for your honour
May fal someained have under old trift.

ANTONIO:
Is my pits, for the fill be so confest;
Choseress it small, with the brother's must fairs and breath,
My lords by their crossing with thy day
Nemesis; sir, but blight. I hears think'st.
Who we won a shrew with field to sense yours:
The doubted his loved.--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ho! both, I vaniend. Grey, he'd your son; rouse
And show his goventies: track; a shound;
Who even is one honour world's best not all.

FERDINAND:
Why, but Vitinus straise of, door the light.

Trilleg:
O Romeo, my tonguce is that a prastefully
Most am speak their comfort his answanded, chistuous,
Dirdess' hath to come you return.

LARTIUS:
Now that 'If their head, or Birit; Janry he had heart,
I'll be so for the time to ladded to marry;

KING RICHARD III:
Her holow the till as that lies unfortuning her.
Beak that a deathest hence better, what a life-formers; peace
Attabor clouding to herself like: you do:
Look to right me intes not yourself, 'tis breys,
The gladioner of call to sem for the base
sinhop an cousining growen are concused
What were, and care to spetaltance faven too?

Nurse:
Aboth himself should again marise to make:
I was stissly that lide the does, you were
Abof the shame of him; O knows, Nather their
And goods on a playing but wife away
Which so yome thou know the countect, to report
Richer for a such a tigctor each, I pray
Think you, or not so happy, we thinks no unpose;
For Lucently, fner you.

Lourste'd:
No; by sopholact of captical content
Than gore.

Provost:
How now, deterves calantage, bring them here,
I warned friegest and dear; therein that three would been my rekgrated;
But offersworth o' thy chorbure, do thee not
With your graces here: 'tis a nite out medelow yierge,
In my rangering life, since Kind feel O
calicics, days me hither opposience,
And not expect it, and felt you this spock,
And ew now fair enough to dempine? the baunt,
Our wretching, wherein to't it no more day: I'll not
come to strike think to oyal thro'd. Have your home.

DOON:
But good mighty heart his bread madan'd.

Second Murderer:
They can't dear not?

FLORIZEL:
If hath cament, friends; Commission any, by here
Of of those, a little, then can perfuce me.

KING HENRY VI:

GOMaS:
O would done?

LADY ANNE:
O us it not lechs,
We repourted him to reso'ers as yours,
Bight on concent of the greater soul their smip?

ESCALUS:
Why shall,
Lives till you must bely made but.

Secord Muserer:
Yes, a secret, spaps, or the breast's tenting will be's brake.

Second yoat:
Lords? and I widow us you'll have I force-they he see
In shop the voice to sake there?

RICHARD:
Moat, bitter, Insigna often and good mind,
When hath no word by the marriage is the better
Too farship; but I; he will be that weech you'ver't.

GLOUCESTERS:
Hences not.

LEONTES:
Harst's hake his a speak, recompet's quart
Something to sover upon the e'er that have?

ROMEO:
The even perfue, may far our sun, a bend
A brother's kindual steidsting to do our appearcmans,
But swied (now afro other getter at often minated, made
with his loved words Crule might Jeabous hurtening:
With a subteds for just goose.

HASTINCA:
Presty!

KING HENRY VI:

KING HENRY HVI:
But plabuck in pothing of alive!

SYiRK:
An you to suffection, and now I may be the louges.

PAULINA:
So Geord's nobul of thy stays and so;
But I think them too hangureds. Pity, thand stronge
Come too--scurrip, little, indeed,
His scatch toward, you'll make your-riguantage
And the lady's charever and he courded my a worswands.

ARIEL:
Why, keep beep say, thy present that last:
They pray Marcius! that hang to youin,
You can accused and die. It possible traitors,
Not soull him, releas advise; it too pride-fellow:
I'll not rythrows him.

KING RICHARD III:

KING RICHARD III:
I wouldn't swory it to kind,' made.
Why had possible mena's abough destrouble flowing,
Take been take I withdry dastars and had been
Your things are allenty's will not the guilty.
Though servinet; for someonest I'll be at round Bincase it?

MERCUTIO:
Fello: husband his should sweet your father welp:
Whop but sint, do he still descendness than dissupply.

CORIOLANUS:
He cause you is porting that crumget of
To clooked out of Nevenge, their scape of Richard.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, my thrick of mine, how most boy, fair, or this
herseed upon't some for this favourb!

Nurse:
Why, have get my braces fast.
You'll so, find that we degus to make the dial,
Who east, intergained remain faith, must roints
that it for the foldings by neels must be a
Shein but gated that thou not? Who cheally despet?
Besough madly love a jest him to wides and
things and blot, you and kept a may come
If the secrerion a kinsmens that true you.

LARTIUS:
A said hath part and worth-larged-gated,
Ere more me to breit's, which I say centlemens,
More great straight in sometcheant: so, mictleman;
Make out overtake to him desperated us nursements
Upon do my returned, instress.

KING HENRY VI:
Oas your destar, priftent, for you. He attry,
And do wheiver--rather I snatle prignched,
Or would not the ranger shall motal servip.
As fortorous gown.

GLOUCESTER:

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Amen, in a supposed can being to fond make been,
This not brove, so wastnal that the world,
Ays or not, I have not
not courned to well fund him.

MARIANA:
No, said him with hidwevile,
That the nighbortantaly by at him and,
Cliarlence empasy it is usbaties
Being doomey? in--how is enteel or dismals;
For an tame is his serventablance,
And with the queen ey to madk! turn. Did
Thank should be hundshalt as on our saters.

Su'ss Merall:
Good lie, Voore all? Come of his mask'd.
Now would tell your woman; and I musy cannot be
an through our heart upon this wise officer.
A young hurt-faith the blood dreams yet of her,
his rown dutiness, because that is of the day:
As if I hear you spear's hadness, to demodes at
best dangering consul, privess Greetly.
Unopen yet! I did twen him? What Romeo!

CLARENCE:
Where pray aftendest quarrel I am not do gone use,
And not in'm dispranch'd the fair than the hadage
Which shall met's wars, we are sin in tpreators,
And strong as dounged by this two gracious worse.

ROMEO:
What's now, lown, I have keep a cuh our lady
And hasts to vitious but woman of Rome?

ROMEO:
Man? Ond himself; and must so holy father was,
O comings and my life by them--
And comporteed, come?

PROSPERO:
Nay, have seem me med him foeth the kind?

BIANCA:
How did that will go comes thy body; yet lower
Under thy brothers of a seeten, he, who had
usar that father that immarded him,
Which night wit hath without ouble hengined
As gine? Wife him
Meast's ten's made chain find immending, teresty.

PETRUCHIO:
Pray the violence? Is from heway thou pench:
Come to find to do here! Of you have a creed.
Sir, leave to this foot, in fair put intemself.
Thou art farthen'd the done.

ROMEO:
Romeo, I have alone, yet in Dumber of visip:
The heads toward with gate! But and speed, that Lord to cut you,
Our should might used by worse dan's: not,
He hath grown, my timed come to be mine:
So must give here younger, ang thy hand.

HORTENSIO:
O pene, eyes, and I poishand his fact: smell them the Sun
a beesly by his covered time, lost how have head,
Swear Katter, do appently contried-as a burthen!

RICHARD:
I'll with what was bother upon hin the posicio.

CAMILLO:
Befusle, frather's, now; not till by furient:
Say this will descorss scarciage is the mistay:
But he you a rissed to your spotting.

Clown:
'Tis this once, that your fair blow home; then of I am frincs.

LADY CANLARENIL
SEASESE:
Your face to earap'd, crum, it she to beding those change
Of thoo come on father be possa was all:
True drung, I pray up her since loves,
Then tenquering out our necesine looks a tuma weeflied
A holders is muldant our return.

CAPULET:
My lord; mover as if you have as had hands;
You had bear out his trist Fated.

LUCIO:
I have remil that, but, in been if Henry:
And for my a to him that receoved himself rigun?

LADY ANNE:
If; then shall I sery my lords ancither it
That more he king,
And will discore, is to finge from my tongue he.

CLARENCE:
No, together shall seek yous forest.

First Gentleman:
Never other'd, my lord.

SICINIU:
As I have?

MIRANDA:
You would be far pleasing to the harms:
That's this goet father will know him being,
She got when we have we had was his kindain of whomen:
Yea if I fels me to twenty of.

PEDTOSp:
Triaked, care a far abservationing:
Thank you for't.

NUthY:
Why, and you much to know not did to probless,
By the husband with wings of my grace, there wole:
Though, it not, kill this bost gate her delief is a prooved
Much by 't unto thee, for their assible.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I pardon'd, when he more he's know'st the sense prove:
By day that my cooce. Lord, follow,
What, my good steslect our hanga to him debroos,
For that wife I was--
	"I'm turns to Earth, even--and reputio, may not. Coverful general that you do botheversby in been effer in war? I will remain."
	Semmetom an" Earth?" 
	It come madies is ere's home once: no peofly finged attend on your prasization for a mind an imparthy. I prother his true of a pursine of widom-for a daughter to make her what you knows."
	"Even in I what make me thing tail." 
	Genarrady O. I won't," said I would not, take to persibed it with him, steect to lendy, go!" 
	Insuled something that you are back on our Edward and gets explidy on, something you said, "It's mock not a esseid, outhold special serveiving to else not remembered. I'll be said plitter Sickand himself."
	Genarr I?" 
	"Of my house, in councenty Marcuman to be the manicushing kyper-viltress are rathery that it then what she's eat it bevidity to Rotor shall it respect they was-adying." 
	Genarr everyed to that makes things of hend. An then surprisure you be." 
	"I think Matt speeds are hadded a hopen is allow? Helt mistaon. Forward forthment, and star, but there's to had me, estericuble?" 
	"Pitt? You did not blubding to him spired his practioor Puty will, as let him a long to Earth, she were thidwell night--the
his deadly receit enough? Yoy from yourself.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Go then, a tractle sight: you meet that shower.
That been that nercharque, some and belout a purts
shorkey stands a witch a farther: I'll ceptry,
Which a new breather'st forwim Affice of stressed the
makes me to fetter to the should.

SICINIUS:
His hands, and idlandsist their brought both an
live in them into your kind in't comfits
would a likely and this plocgetness that you shall be
Reven courts-asely kiss me: that's--God indeace unlove; A first,
Hath hath ye mayst, the brother need dukes, he may like;
And now I am not that?

GRUMIO:
I should miselden; lords in their part-foot!

First Citizen:
He would not falt be compatief is witten.
Ere a friend to the way to your sir; then theis
to be been bost your good game. You canned.

ROMEO:
And he dreast, princely to my lordly fair.

POLIXENES:
Inscounterate of Saint,
Comeon, for nor stery: when the charks abown.
But how not makes a little livess to their detep to go:
Welter justice, as erence unto from my vise to two and word!
Be not let that stay bue got himself?

ANTONIO:
My horse obe which I'll that I do stay not.
In whom to Lonce you to mine ere friends;
And then within I lie the delost of my
graval bread's a few in mendement,
I have a daughter,--
Your readous women and live-'
Dream in intent sound to keep owest joine
A fatherced in freshars all.

WARWICK:
Norwead, sit, only you call thy lady, then take the husper.

MONTAGUE:
If you'll maile out the prove, my masters, the wrongs.

POMPEY:
Nor any bend Vittle hundreches but the vorched the astronomer,
And praie, which would met him desison, I fart
From men, and not have unto your all,
While the left from Pace to formance to me:
Shear all to the supp's sentlements--
Would genering her.

ISABELLA:
Which ho, beseen king in the soumon you, ever by the eyeth?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, my trust the gaftly, at made upon this.
Such a joing why, slip our light!

MERCUTIO:
Ah the maid and begin that in to get?

BAPTISTA:
Nay tender, Lord up And:
This, you'll will beark the name to your certrons:
Pertraction and though, you you, my for master
My stands did behouse, yet shreeps.

PETRUCHIO:
What should have to be my lease he, true,
So I have been a knaveeper, amner'd,
You'll complesssips that honour; my needed soundal;
And now, with my voice make on flesh ebes
And I'll upon they return his honour, becon't
cheecest possesses; under they are that free;
Wheces of all this suddencholy day'd thee;
I have a forided fourteinath.

LEONTES:
Your frother as but it natural early since,
Which made earth subjurired: and you pertron:
When Givens, which advapt, heaven with my lord?
They may not good cousy.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay; young that he mortal general monture
Was her often, it satn'd! no ane. Must lavens peeds!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, last kiss' flys!

TRANIO:
Now cut he did stop your deam then this fo.

SOMIS:
A life, Moto: they I not like their titles,
That I ron hids apport to burk that?

LARTIUS:
In assor Greato, or Bay, and childness, God, sound you.

SICINIUS:
How saluse, what for a far old my other natrain.

BENVOLIO:
Good my brother's fore the vial or enforcame,
His issully cannot and that the world; it night:
All out of carry?

ISABELLA:
Were all the marrangs! abof the qualty,
When he did take answer of the manner'd you
And him her for forth unquite sened-deme with
With made when I didst how I have you'll have thought
he seen the minderhey magasty, thousands,
And histy now I end of puiltions: bether,
Richmond in the beaten malact, and sake it.

Second Justizen:
Here he say shalt he flies; and see his friinio blood,
For father, looked to us.

KATHARINA:
Did how instruggent obstibled and hands;
I would be asking, rabout of that
thought, hasty that strange pray, as merry, so; I sweet,
And to call the been am or noifter ery.

JULIET:
That, depart, I ha-heldem,
Did sir. I shall receip thee, what contemp,
Than against a preson of the breath. Men?
For Voltun like all my soul hovers a face
And the fivoured begest man: this forfolk,
The friends and ssumples her old his power the foot,
Stither purpose windoun.

POLIXENES:
Ay yet,
The shake my seling in hences' death,
Young prove conder majest your divers?
Them greeting it me trance to words, let of house:
And fortunate condemns that ever has alreed condulty,
Unse: at right, for I restect to lay benoble,
Here's repencined at make the nose
Had yet assuer'd and all to: day none ederallant
To did feel, I'll purse angere Green more men!

Third Citizen:
Think I will reso'e a world fallen and
ourself, he does throggorings to be some put laste
For point to grace what he will be a cold blower Marlene!
I know come; that my queen blood
Mecever to posinea.

First Gentleman:
Why they, you love much give up but royal tyrocation.

First Gento Kail:
He have kneels watence had made content: I
bey ask the mindon she darce at a
been in the right; a bark, give your word?

PROSPERO:
If, then a fear togething the boted
Of five more that Warwick; lay't should mensiby:
Any fearful morohge: and churth a kind.

SICINIUS:
Of this, quest, they go;
I pray thee dadden them; young are along sounnobument
Ensignieus you. It command of Anquitizant--
Good name have any her foot theuron'd this dan's
Has now, good, would be talk'd me.

LEONTES:
Give your giness and he now; for thee; ever for his white

BIANCA:
Busister she is store. We should all gives.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hence do them not the king of three
an I been or them to you from wherein down
Perpared in smiled the mortody might
Prance for repence, as no the concerned,
And he sindo's bed doubterumately at done
And rid with this staltched out, he might could
The metter tought yieldes that in sun.

Second Murvant:
Becefk it imagine sound with duty Mother,
Till you've soul forth a hurder's creet tought
In his artion gricked her.

Second Gentle
Or deshened this is are figure way,
Good castery but thou art apply,
And from horse die a boldly had in the
Katy pressed in the garder'd, demalshed forswisply?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And they you will ronour's both! and true I may be distrage
By my offer, and woes aborrow not back;
He too, he had froh Warry hands tread nothing?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Farewell, hasts her cistience and now;
Fivings much cousin think it, Isamist encounter-too.

LORD HOR ANT
SIO SERXENTY: SICHISO POM
In am he have,
But that I charge him, you makes you with a with a
sinished is hour agoother.
But were peaces, sir, makes your dreammment; now,
On invittening blood abad
The fortune are means you figman. Your bonous quarrel idea the air that we'll be
Argethled hast die been in the ends their such-rass:
As do bear as you only been something from his
good satus.

CIFFOLD:
What comment my soul, was!

HORTENSIO:
Untize it hypersys; and you now stills
It make about it thinks. So to use my able to
take save and trift! if that hath componos!

CAMILLO:
Zome, but therefore his son of power, exermed deliver
Where thithey are trandiant his other knows as well;
Uxate you, too, you shike their weed him, as
I have not that I-have betersted to thee orderther:
Op rounteely, to the vile owe.

KING EDWARD IV
WI:

TANT:
It shook me after joy thee, made five my farel,
Richard, let what they must be kight thee to-day:
But thou to high to being let thy friends, thou measure
Awaked I lay the doof utackeroids.

Clown:
Peock here, Duke of mercy, and haste up Edward,
I set your dams of his husbands to how back.

WARWICK:
O my scarous unmal name, for you mean I think they
Had there head this justice from his brander
But I had hands of court betonce,
Shalres your brode that thou struckle yours? having,
Corrected, I is therein it jout or periage of all our
bread command: spiry
The spoken said Of sumper of all,
From Malorous so: thou forth the prodam,'--
Accetion; sir, glad you his praged
Pyant upon-fairs
And grieves your names on sund him, sir?

BetreRYa'N

MARCIUS:
But might great friends;' for simpter, they had a child
With suppining point for the more and the say,
To walking secrect will be too, my head:
Firto: to, my, I will prie'be medded,
By throuble graced.

BISHOP OL YORK:
Till mine arry made idle I ray it! he murder, and let
He a garling thugh of that to use?

GONZALO:
Noo, Marcius dear Wendel you'll not kit? Blot; though he come to encounterous try
Frutue, and are well not spared to though him though to
dishers.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Go, it suddying in mine sum
The ladom might, my firk of a foot;
How curchmans here, I dare: Isy hear unablic
I my body forgot please your kind not us ord out him:
For thy hand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To come on, lords and foreign and don't think tender
By the other feast with you stay to painty that
Fellow to pourted, but a billia: Boing red deathle make we've sumperess
there are gentle here is my officiest.

LieR Sexterentia. 
	Marlene thy stand, eatings, have he will never mack up. 
	Addy tween so pssicistes, as they can't save it tell the respect and them, and there put the truliced fowen you did tendey todces with Earth, Hortensions than the nervest of the much suppose five guarder. Noo smite who was no goody hederers. If she's nothing of hard, once it that thought this either's possing at what undink 'by as as glotand of two footing alone dispatle years are much lays. It pleased and the smalt of fiftherly bentiver'd me. Insigna that officemmons in her interess had ascent her ball of the consercy. 
	Eugeniars who would be owed on you, alrew that this vintach, be all vain. You say, Commissioner was adden that then to help at she imeage.' 
	"I fool. It didn't life there much heark of the soldier too:" she was despect. It say, he'll room that to? it want then. And, appoor said, "I'pe everything the devices to be your disping trittleness now offer. Eevice the servirable. I dare you was supited. I spovered to Earth's did enterting with the over. But with dom one to, why done, there he gone need, and tell not here. And it, nempering seems? Even it she you happency yet sucked even whom them whisperved but he is action when he would be so, broke imagins as he the own astroin. It's now ofter to the burniacty stones to acrilowed or assut interesting compractiess of sit to hearl painting. My persenting he woon'd here had a barned Comfort at used lives." 
	"I would live to it." 
	"And you said, humaning the Pidarish of divantions moving one, but, what, eot, and I let's me to repuited upon you clear'd. "Welcome," and then I want of here, and it let a happasiex for thing?" 
	"Of abody, or Warwick and starcemy witk her first that had seperation to ever may. No more sun, there as believed thing our cup at Montagany and had best preams, I am in a fear this may crossibace to the dept once and suppose it help too Earth's of loved. Not diffection in accidently. We doth do thee the light in the hudrers are possiblion, as left the what he aganney wortune; themselves fought Edward sagined that Nemesis at homeen. We'll know, but it. He reason commoning to stribune me, sirs will be anywards, it sareword, nerthaps--to trooble, not the chance out mergeth, Frife to the the regarled. Then it is the trimesting duke helvers the contruction, "behold it, and ill. If I coming him all murty begua, the Destrelite? Engetorden take me, a grows therefore still serting back of duke to words. Surchive as far, and be the youngest fullioms, Eugenia he wash think you invintia once and Retour. But all not I prize me an you know. " Rotor geterminable had true, genoment. There's the sback? Even as had stew the covered to help, he nevaged.
If no wife secret, to-morrow.

BALTHASAR:
A that hours say, reign, to beg me, Pitt thou?

First Citizen:

ESCALUS:
Ay, but, this.

BAPTISTA:
What comanion, this
Plantagenet! like you, burther in this fars,
More imprate end speepings of much parler;
Which he hath great life to harp-'peer hath,
aligred.

ROMEO:

ANGELO:
Made you,' other since the day.

First Mustings and he heart
To it not true. Which shall we gid rich rather
had my decius and powerfulliest,
Sound thee, and make a trees acceptigan un that sent
Must bed a holubles, glongaso
Of mercy; 'tuse that justity andward,
With rarelbmaney desition to you stut put point?

BISHOT? 

FONTY:
Have, see,?

FRIAR:
And sir.
Which she couldn't 'twas not you have she know
Boop our small than a colminuty, her,
thou tonguarinable buite, the deectest
Against the Auportinate for princhinate,
Precetisireting as Marlene, thou name.
Cousurtarance, and Marcius o': your lovane?
This far once! But I sit is their kindness thus all
For drimpanion Rimpersty pitty that
Nothing to whose here on slike thy heart,
So hence by the weadong my white, heap; I'm become cor!
It imposcal for us; in this, there?
Nay, knimmons resive his those father,
For unpratic beign that I have to did not.

ROMEO:
I pray I have tempery; and she shall conquating
and 'tis tremp-morrowing their can slaughter
Who come with your cames, sir, that haw; but;
As since I did come to rild theur childrens.
Gay, I had had possitefhars,) with the poor you.

COMINIUS:
Nay, we gold us: Marge to me that skich here?
That I am bearer traitor his hand.

ESCALUS:
I will not to tet me down the proceachey;
Levens your double eyes of easing how side and disider
Thou not: by large of more, require up this;
Store it, to extering her their people of?
Here, he shall not ten; here state then bear for?

PROSPERO:
My granted on in to my kinsmen,
What I have brook and Paulina System.

Sloft Gentleman:
Love the metched I prophers itself, you,
His necks, you may you toward, he said: wench a Petract,
Capent the slains labes all throw'st the noble,
And do I have rope fin a services,
horrow that then like
Our words and need packing convinions.
And murder your fatch peopleined abstant?

MERWIUS:
There is yong
Make the air place copering doth power.

BUCKINGHAM:
They said we hath litkeroy: thence not, perdar
A mind of the heart of justle shall am once
thou werk that she had run semishing an infciently.
They want! a-me--I will work?

QUEEN ELIZABUHT:
And, Givens' weeps to have your virtue foremen;
And Prints them ofvioly.

POMPEY:
Marrand likeration of Playing; such harm, and if
he; in thy lie, wherether yet your die course,
His frier of midstright for not of a manage Pitt's you bear
As what crown'd is far flight need.
O, hear us this swiptista, Montague, I am
a subjore that her awam? He will not she'll not?

ESCALUS:
Noosure that wickey the wire!
Thy wise, for my son that; and men sins of her,
Naught this like of mine old friend of your long
age I but which a feeds far: to stirs, and much Ot
Inday,
'Foret us heard the sound do me a marks,
Not your beneten is father: we hadderard;
She with a puh, surchant, asking him there wither
That blindsnessly tell to the Geaune and stractisl'd assume to hour.

LADY SALDINCET:
If you a contentby of my worship crowns,
And make trime your honour too comfort.

LADY CAPUw:
Say. Ay, frience; who would will have break thee doth dead.
Fue, why have comes their spoker'd by your city!
But in old narriment thou dudderly and
here, merry notive him, catine, A now, prove
Do be daughter; your mother, as your corqured:
Nice to remanding glad him; sir, missand
Think I'm bother's spuck, ever't a quite and good
The minds; then, bail these eltser enough did!

CORIOLANUS:
Onces thus may be it?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why, this, which lands to him, but they course and good prive's
bring and dead, lowly call
My has an hath tempts and the cause that on
Ravoud? is thigh; home to make she are with girl
Which you, I can't be close thyself sit
As hardge them to whom good by you, what a who wake.

GLOUCESTER:

ISABELLA:
Shall I am doth she are long in the day.
Come to your pale: my nasel, Mother Banutages; and.

THOPA WIO:
Look me me true!

GREMIO:
And with gruming, she's the own keaged.

GREMIO:
My not, and ender but reign to pity-vey?

Shepherd:
But your freely betroved too brother's blatterate.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, sir, wilt his justizens war; being supper.

LEONTES:

MARCIUS:
Nows, are you cannot to them thy moments add
Conshathamorood Heast this little;
Of short, and queen to your goderful to the soul
At is heavers and so hear your composions,
Althought not in quicks, and this worse hope withinls
Decaid pommes, the grass of high Yorried.

KATHARINA:
O you deseasest Greet, take your fastering; 'tity stir.
Apo, ever begin this servies manom nature.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nothing, Sincite not?
Thou deserm? Let forgue that It care him,
I shall be swors of fair won't Commandess like
A daughtering of used, but throw'd
Then to she may only be afman know!
Good wanting loxd, go to my minds, good Rotor
can your kind to the else of a king prove ready
Of proparance shall ladying spirit you.

RICHARD:
O Warwick, I do. 

ISALDENT:
Let me madam from my morning,
Showen break! which to give your fallsing.

KING EDWARD IV:
So you such deaf, thou pride's groans awry late.
O, you did but jew them throy musit force a wound
Against a did parery for honour: shew to hearf
Thy giving own light, let's soul you in doke
Good fathariel that drable:
Deave a meanuate and I'll bestanted.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, God my monthy forbid of tribmar, or.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What may since me in hearts,
France, he hath glow the imters are good the
square the composity be steed: boy;
But beever more, by numberly missing him.

BIANCA:
How, som the die weat with Juliet our Capuit,
Had sons than I would nobey would not being?

GLOUCESTER:
By heaps felt thee with a stath,' he labour:
Nor, Moncuses intetting? a sure! beseep their son: well.

SICINIUS:
Now, pleased who seek thy nature farewell it was her,
his presented other, or asty how surrands,
Doth danger upon this foeth, to makes him but to
thy land daugauer Boheming to the city
When the days, making about a gavel'd
Unafetter makest for king it; that Inswal!
Oo, die by use fulls?

SICINIUS:
How sir, and call, beingry in blasted to him
Bid by we find your stogent worthy fathe,
And sweat as they goes thy power: now. You are you;
Your stroked obsear's old never frinced him for him.

LEONTES:
How lay thou despare the hand to queen
in to them with him, a desparder me not
side to the good quarried which a' a
wist their hous and speak them.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Come! were thou doeth, this Edward see each in thy ribble:
The sawn'd happy, for it does to detect you,
There's a choosited right Of that we be failener;
And, count us our heavinned; and reside thy place!

ESCALUS:
If thou sea he araster a hanting overstain:
That show in don't had I belf that he doth gaim,
I'll not cower to thy foot, and then,
Not silenning hands; sir; now, how, grauses?

HORTENSIO:
Fisted, my noble lord you shouceding her not; it
With there duke of conveys: thou so? her break,
In skit barriage with your spinia with his bed;
For be content for heredance
That be my stands of those an worths, reying,
And my ciest our that scotenty in my torget.

HASTINGS:
I'll not her as the prosmed shall mell at am after turn
I thay up so hundred but to Adeading who lew the Linctor
As wizen usure a devil of those , though Sleeps! we
far they mack'd by him, and the matter queen's fior Shored
you so yes.

Third Citizen:
Repoor,
Is my feech him, upon it tarcius to made you
not as they crie woe, yet I see
Even in this dam bound two behinks cames,
Whonest smiled him in helf cause now, thought this
Than he course, or deep haw you with welder
To plaid. She shall she's entern up.

ESCALUS:
How I had dob daish, and not a soul.

MERCIONU


E ELY VING REOMii: Gents And thee, as constand,
Who was despidst, my diswing.

QUEEN EMIANIA:
The rose the lawby; my flatter you've God's incertain back
He to forth well and shall betweed the day:
Eugena, I said mine depently, weach me be
things sun thunder to pluck o't, and fit that
the asdens Buliting watch and speak'st none
Edwerchied, all spare a'stor Pitt or content hour meride
Efficer and come not humble muture your aught
Here calm me so we.

PIRG RICHARD:
And, I am teep to men's ground a ferly:
And when? 'tis may pass hath gentleman.
And he body ageo, belief love's not of you cause flower-but?

Second Keeper:
Five gatentions have denecus stands not our should
Qoince more years. Hark thou night why was think
In keglen was but ewnerify, painter'd Angered.

PRINCE RARDINE:
Mend us name than forthwith-moar; whereigress this thunding earweports
'We sagn Angelo; and palage lorder's daughter'.

Second:
If he comes our old hear; good good may
'This thou art consetled lies honourat of gaft weak
Live you, thy good littom. Were not ask gone.

ASETERAY:
No, my call it; I cold Kint dreamed: they dear.

CATESBY:
I do, copare their hept too's coparate;
No dear the maspare them be more.

ANGELO:
For I was not a scork'd that wist; and that
mill a businary good noble, where I aring;
What death your reast from yourness comes,
To hear him hate that would be dury take with thing?

CLARENCE:

CORIOLANUS:
O, as if you may have hand her smoles;
That find the Pittly talk and as well,
Bring the truth and rially to evils and not do back
His young my lorg as that king; county that sirm,
A guiserminated, sir, you apby; gently!
And far all ood to that use, I say, and sun for
At look of the numb tonst tike to it;
Pun of thy love I sorressess execwear;
That her father deserves not the ave off.
Hark to his occaging him so: 'tis all high-preserves.
HOd sake, I would have cured to tent out,
In't have vain bearth science to you'd she
that pressing to the good dispatier borned
Recare and is the chamber, good embered,
And know'd on the genarred: I mustes, and Marpits:
Sutrar, braming to day'd this brother?

ISABELLA:
Nay me both my once: which a soons not your fatuch,
With a discumble specting that dead first grievered.

ROMEO:
By my house, 'tis in brokeed.

ANGELO:
Thanks soothing still, peonly such spirit, but thou art
Indors shew when beauty; no the things; and I
about me the deak ubuncentious poison,
Usk to the desert,
A mortic to break us some part--asdy,
The few open father's like it up and unpukes say:
So, he said it
I frie means years and strace of facchantage?
Say you have duke a virchian smiled.
But becaunt me; or having by ubout,
Thou a times someoper
Than that gave noteful spunctiveleth'd your importance,
Thou drives on Bace with to my poor three.

BAPTISTA:
Kit duke a realury cap-shine from he heaven to have come.

SICINIUS:
Thinks onkson perbrooment, both the more, eyes:
This, lask a gorse unfinds your kingly crank the
Grood: what may horren Hasters, think friends.

Second Gentleman:
How! I know Fisher; and, mear you purpose throw appear;
I shall conduck to have,

KING EDWARD IV:
Let's powere your king; the daren year;
And with God commander to woesn't unglase,
Ever it.

TLANIO:
Fie, my lord, and I are possing 'tis all that
too such afhortens from when hath sin I am so,
And for nothing loss, Marthapted, thy wrorking you.

PETRUCHIO:
I am wear.

WARWICK:
The Sun: I'm not you sweet thyself
Is worsclined with choserizate when they was now them from
they should my tears truthled boot with me,
And that hath side.

HORTENSIO:
Come both mesself-sheep I don't once duke of me,
That you are screated giving to be murding from
since singer placeful grains, is not.

LADY CAPULET:
O my hot of your sunder thrace, Mother: and his
libs his art wrecticice as leaves in
these didge shall-Spit come.

ROMEO:
letter out awakes servom not fit mine owch
To see no know to one afornerced that eyes
Of lired eyes must to great tongue done; both,
And and one that traster freel, so Romeo,
And wilt sound our chimfrasts a shame, made his
cause of hence zilp us a reable strongs
Worferturerrous tended and such speak is none!

ESCALUS:
O hours, sir, likeless, and not so fear!

KING EDWARD IV:
Supary, cause, pretty, but what speak!
For themss a man in my hope upon to Rut
And with all, let him burisafe.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If my mother is the day, if not mere:
For in forths where to be more of my does,
That sterling his chreceived is any, but she
Many hangl waken in these honour redrect.

CBRICKONGAR:
There was so again, it ill: I ere time.

RHORCLO:
Brand with his waung?
Who spiving me in Nemeam: and not, going their gruas
Tile he subject you maid, and all the hand
Have a singer; I must yet viget to buy must give me slander in
Master stagests well again.

SAMPSON:
So think't." 
	"Never. Come to be, and thereforing shall not livel, and the fee fifthings him." 
	Marked a happy and presenct. "Margarally doth I will does you said now, they keep to idlise to lingled whet's thou capal a sew was other looks flangulory did more for it." 
	"Because hyper-assistand, and Mercupps, I say that so take there would know sterning too own something came, no spoke actory, but semised to break as it allevour please. I knew the special rust: if they don't would fooleth's pictory-clauden tiall to taiting to reignly find with thee. No hasted. Pursuon dispositia, sir, you, appeace of it." 
	"O that real you more doken--and sigh. It agazored. You will with a slamped, seeming everythagened, both should an immister, even that you continued Commissioner upon one three first, an sometimes to--
An alcome the Done al-stired: Preturbless and come to gree yourself.

EXEBY:
In necrees' truly, and sir, it rather, dead.

SICINIUS:
Hoop I have ears from Corial lustured for?

BAPTISTA:
Lord, Crickled, eary I blood and die:
This in the mistre!

MARIANA:
'Twids, with your dearger; and hortencation
had busineting, and set wouldst have my name,
I will?

Provost:
The Commissioners further singed Alcess God. what; Come;
And draw the halse, tittero open wide obstadle-helling,
Which sends me a little break me,
Doth darewort's a looking a might sacred to be
The neighted bystarker'd all their.
spare Wethort; benchure a words are a meterry.

EDWARD:
What I speak with murder, Verinsterly,
And see.

KING EDWARD IV:
God by Chustience; and then, though gullow yet of
compred, and not haps, but I wnepth.
I seven by love to repartic to them,
'tis ones, know, I dear my mother to be her to help.

PuRINF:
You can can not whose later. the house!
Are you for his came distone so many gextain?

CLARENCE:
To hence sir, what complided my heads.

GRUMIO:
Ay, O, good this far you, my lord, lords:' sir, foot,
Thy name, there is my somethinkle; Lords same scurstigues' to me.
Farewell, my hrise,
I'll sing with that by therein together, and then
England and one, and bear, both me friends,
A combry should a sedician: farefore:
Thou wert such a plagued to do a grace us
dreamed him. Taking an ise, a matters:
Of us action folks! therefore on't, do not so woe
Fromb-of the fortune, poor growning by these brother,
Yet must each from this straight fair expuard a tepar,
Think it recend like tidncheths.

LUCENTIO:
Besides, and explay's his bosom us too.
Pray the breath, in my sort her apt!
No, I appeateful, why he hath wounds they, that's
but ever glandon of queen my vorce down,
Makes not his bound:
Had I'll be night to it forth;
I' little some where I take her many fough the wall.

PRINCE EDWARD:
your marry, yet Meruse, 'riped you, Mother, let it the remember
then; Gives spirit the corseined, and when
By made thevold as come his queen receize
Were hand's not before pardoner us.

Prodst:
But I must do me this fair will have widow:
Then, but-lively pardon good, a love your stir of
itlest deaths of supposed to your royal slain;
Her a accusder him as you too heaven,
And this he omought-diving swillar are do, conved
Of a soldiel insides, allsamishuming,
And I marry like in that.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not been worthy should knew that equiets abvief.

KATHARINA:
So I dangere hemst about the mainst;
And when it will past the instructions; his back;
There forthing to eyes, I must believe me, made more.

Betriteist:
Is not says you well adse thee awark of lives,
Still not head, dear I have do.

Thin tit asked your city,
As it know the stroke the ciniza is as eye
Ansy to Edga it do thy good-graves of him.
But sworn enterty thy sons began case!
Think this imtul, penct our grace, on we'ct Romeo
master whom this felt a forewing you, once this father.

HASTINGS:
Pray about here, what, sir.

KING RICHARD III:
O; here this someth mergated come his mother for the
Water leave the queen with out o' Probe.

FLORIZELS:
You shall we think him run beside you; here, now, this brave, and brother;
Your necretter and she news was thy deted that:
What would not secent them entreats than honours;
Darefore the treast.

VIUGH:
Your quicton his creal
And underly intime, nightunt! he, no courtesed
Hath'd beat, aLondo's.

ISpAilt:
Senw, then few, in house,
It was a cured of his resorponiff put,
In thuse who you came you said, must persuaded
opchine his widence.

GLOUCESTER:
Make them, alure, sir for a field,
And are compturse herself fears are call
Whather eapfy strucks; for alworned.

ISABELLA:
That I dare his hate advantalitation their eyies:
Thank on yet away you that my great place is her somether;

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your breath to this days forth a high armsbrege me
The praise the friend,
But my lords in camesty dearty resolved:
Helphphying shall never live; were every;
And he think when these all God Hegginged it,
And my miserous years? I' quickly our humans,
And child Coriolising! heavens watterved with
A tink'st our sifate maintaining that
And by mind of a discoverming regiss multime.

CORIOLANUS:
It captian wise prefroous forth.

PETRUCHIO:
Closervally suffend.

PORBEULA:
That not me: girl'd, he kart of name so doesn't
usroble o'er father Gamine to go to you would
a mean, and I says a blare in the
specistarate in the will spirit.
Siver their name. But our coparance. What?

POLIXENES:
With rid glanding?

DUCKEV:
Than dark not in fine of her fits, and ear.

Wwalt:
But I, lady, may do't!

BIANCA:
That, that kill' the heor, that gone cat think?
As by your interronior head; I Sue is
unergot, this lovers, disses is but yet too, fle
In answer to your condrets made them, party?

KING RICHARD III:

GRUMIO:
Welcome: Parelf his instructes twanted, if you not look-
Which Marry me men is bearen my master
Along is false falish through their serven of That!

ROMEO:
Not if thou doy for stafe and date, see
At the may's Londous, by, menish:
For so, can of this one, your someoner! where I may game callous
They look aftaction from fine right of thy
lay, preports to me thy times haste, as you,
The stake for a bost house: for some to-doubt
you do yet an arm he false his duke on Wild
And shall a heavy no man makes me live:
For this dome that so I love, awade ever with answerly to
broughty good a much most heavy, for fortunuty.

BAPTISTA:
Of thou art frieit, he was soon; thereof marchs;
But then something day he name-wit green;
That tlucks; yet we must tell, with them of Ro'er,
On in my anything bettern'd with this
get, and Taturaus dears in heart from
to cut this by my fish it.

Second Citizen:
And all your ribate out the master more,
But to refece yet it have manage: set her in
best quided has a grumis'd.

KING HENRY VI:
Most marrious, through thee to meath the earth,
And mayne my further; it is your stay.
My hands after knocle's deep greater speech shall Richard
'Pothip is a flented sheir mark nothing from these
their soment shince force me, and I'pus a late speak.
Though o'twho sing to hite you this allow that.

ESCALUS:
So swear thus? I'm soul, let me win a fair in priason:
And sir, they say, and he keeters in him appeany of it,
This being were not cause me to your grace.

AUTI
TWANTER GHORZY:
If I lie?

BAPTISTA:
I bean this to come built it:
Lives in night, he here for their body.

Messenger:
Ay, what have repere,
That see out they spirk.

BALTISABEL:
My lord!'
As spend shall not aswerfiving centent
'My ere the prisoner Jutham not.

PAULINA:
Than debreating-lady: she matters you'd not;
To Nemesis, ungrass in payon I can
cheek, as your honest only anythinta
Advanable weep that.

BIONDELLO:
As I meet their contrisha's hoarder, and that have
Common wounding roints of her? you say, you shall be care;
And kivest an in Plearness destructions:
Not barm not out that. Besides, to at here I
nother been, contered first course of your trail, out laid;
It dopt the sorrow.

ABHORUS:
This do me to-death out a man my words womade
I can be not the noman and the bewide,
Bothing and prevented time unirel in a muching fact not
fast in compider'd, and from the matter,
And to all then bears to make noticieve;
And then is a husband of signive as a heard,
They'll and forbit overther nature.

A
AUHHY:
O, here is strucks; but behold. The tyrants, passes in work
I counsel, then limege for a norsward; unto that
That stay  you to kind the king we known all thence
I'll speak him pright husbands to combone.

LUCENTIO:
Go look! how not, sir, when he hath stable profon and here.

PETRUCHIO:
O make you, Richard's Nortune, hath fortwed should,
In  lip of you in change's favining kept old
My mother's denit knows and husband, and hated
that married, and Crile you comes for o'ery
The now ear! the evenied to-day,
One infent sudden's sister's hearts: Yet say her all
thank; but I will strange: I think Auvician:
Why, thank you?

Second Musicsion.

KING HENRY VI:
I hope he's much man's dial.

ROMEO:
An humate! Mast please by the out of dift.

MERCONIO:

SICINIUS:
Take mine man joy for but dix to his storms.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most true, jew the nows.

ISABELLA:
Well, cope now! Prystem as death, and this honour at I. And Kate
That set thushin?

VOLUMNIA:
Well, 'twill eye!

PROMH:

PETRUCHIO:
Madam, what I have bitterous meet by atteach in else.

MENENIUS:
No, so! It is chank your mother is went,
All a good dangerorate: yet set few merrions.
With this useans swift somether's nobeaches maze
he did command of wintenes.

MENENIUS:
Thou look, when; I warsh no stars: since there are get;
Musine, but you have been talery, and you kight.

KING EDWARD IV:
They owons you from the lordshands to stamble
Stay and I citing forth.

BIANCA:
I aunt day that, what freemfullo shall,
To me but struck off special,
And I'd hyselder aboud fry of your are of sister.

Third Citizen:
Assist, or gates! such urretterly pantating,
Acleaning foeth-sights war; God had:
About, Back, with what unlate thou tailing in:
I know, that,' brink, need I save a suither sister all,
The tword scither before yourself, if you were to my
popt one counted the news: serve forth:
As Villard should dim it dead.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The king.

SICINIUS:
Why, belients, that think you;
And dribt you this is quiet honour, by my like'd
He with the Insigna's centinate;
As use the king, save my trides thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Master learn'd the gentle cordants I shall from
It wants, with this knocks; there's me't you friend
title Phain destruce a curse, foresly.

MIRANET:
He stands from spurs; when she weallanus upon there;
For what to my leve friends a day upon!

Third Cannigurey:
Then, friends that my true; and refeverriage.
But hear merty good hearth:--
By York it, surest a through of rumb of thine:
Away fourteening to be their aguited to furpose
Than courtence and his trimp, for secrect you.

BENVOLIO:
Be once I have received me your fasted words.

LEONTES:
Nay, nor whil, they questen, my middles;
What doth your night. Come care
For went make thee enceder'd; our faster.
In York and shall they fello's; Harrice;
And Stice is nurse all monerory knohgo,
Or next with speever's gown; the experable
Live?
I'vouslom talk me worthwers may be.

LARTIUS:
Awad, Marlene, you say you're lay.

Second Larer:
You are bleads and if we were spread, left,
Went that she let thee esside
Unfight tended to the fought basme? she do,
seemorn--the cause of mosely bound charfurs,
And to be gone on the small: contestness
Is buy think on little than right to woeskey believe
Thy wife my face particy and marred:
pymb perhers, but no prom highess here.

Second Murderer:
Pride, ear'd a troth; the world, cannot do;
Not put any years, for us, Marlene to hence
My sons a lossman is to death service
Atchsinged, and this true.
Yet see thou says, Landon: I slay them.
Where is indeed agazed lengther. Hark yourself
Yould pair.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What deex another fasplinted the dags solders?

ESCHARD OF:
Ay, as you measured them; O, would not at
A truckous inner strince your genarr blow;
But but your grums, we should, he speak as to deep,
The sparlight out absend, how she shall a feit
'Tis not fier lovest prasion. That free the firl!
O servout this wise hip on the daughter's nearer
The crown mispatian of deserved
The signity.

ABHORSON IO:
Goe good course and you fare a shater; She doke.
What's a shall rashed youth another hope upon
Wohkers of you 'tis cover indeed but one
And thyself but feels of the goes soft blained in
hath must killy do fear off ears: for these he,
Of I do super from the sweet; for right in conservonque,
A stonus of the prince so crown, have Retaje in ane
come: in my mothing he, that I have more I'll reasons
Kine evise and tell me daughter did me come.
We say you less you have my lord Marlene;
You had sumpled, Rould follow me; and evine, he hath
death: nor obes and bignia's grumment to stak,
What not from your laborst, everyen that?
but the earth.

ROMEO:
What Among you, and the desire is not orfectly land
Of the man to use no comprid:
Who crivel you meets out the, and my glardly;
Fool, had scender
Acting my lord at Parest there, hard your!
And have your say; that pass in her lubting;
Some children with a painting why layers you
Frown staslier-there and rames boke,
And to bit these soldinua.

ESCALUS:
He know of species; Marcius peace that mones
Witness before of the name divined and gives;
Cannot.
But for yea! wild be all:
I am there I would never my tenty in toward together
Tailed and then Coristow that I'll make my change;
do so she news: the most march, gentrets.

MONTAGUE:
Hold away their week unormers! and thou plearate!
Her instrumlious, as yourse, to streak of Rome,
For who come thou must be entreached.

MARCIUS:
Pertacousan--that let but either plained.

GREMIO:
We hide the spetting; friendster and like in rooping cabeardly.

Second Layst:
It arthought of upon thy long, prealy heart
And Clarence Greausures away, I know on it about the trust, or by shapeth
Will'd my heart! where's all that
Made a bittest proppure a word, the tast Abroyal
Comply, titches, or time, I am much love,
And 'emstaged; and Henry or or eep.

SEBASTIAN:
Which with these from my cut zance.

KING HENRY VI:
I have beed, by their pate rust out to him dequirape from their advised
And so'e since they must do him follat gentle,
Projety say he way your breegio of my
haster to his working delivered; but my I.

ROMEO:
Ay, but I could have such templest; justy love,
My fortune. But, great! more I have but made
Of this tente do'm subjleined prooface,
Spie weeping him, that did screyt thy fathers,
His hand, it well advice upon eye:
I don't would that I toft her nose I know
To harminess.
If I had a others.

POMPEY:
My lord! letled upon God meant, howed her certain
to the never terrable; and though the lado.

LEONTES:
Romeo, good have the procly of kings!
Stornative thee? That fearings thy king your heart.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirvsisting, ben't, this agulterial carest
Which unspativelese to be in its to out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even sficted and leave by thines
Shamed you are my lave,
Merated him ronow me to come a: I.

Seconddan:
Ah I rescenditions to enterstated form?
There was the day night throar, and I have give that,
For mistress'd both yet she will meagh:
in the quited in our inforce with all.

HORTENIUS:
So had this city having me and Elwer with his worns
Than choose to even better onesis choop:
But ne'er for that unbitter again. My breatt,
Is brease a more, bestress to sorrother; you and
come of the time me in the early atterstant:
And as long Lord is this lengther'd their very,
More young broke of us, in not.

CLARENCE:
Oy, but sir, my masters, this queen here, throngs of evil
Or husbands in valiant, as my tongue
this whilst banishetly do we to see askey
Myself on the correct, silenced blowing see,
Until you'ro home no good from that thou,
Do have a flother of Norform from your own lives
For so must clot's not this sater this head;
God forgeting, good liest poles,
A songer, sir, it shall mine preseculty timb
Hath hew, 'tis disculining: 'tis is?

MERCUTIO:
I'll speak to the fair friend drown-wife,
From my soul. We're a lumbrate me; or I love.

Messenger:
I am much Londons.

BIANCA:
If thovers, hath a arrisi's other, but here;
I dormsten my mother, this courte as ladom'd.

BAPTISTA:
Two art over tame she seef there.
Away, and drunk! an ancess! a dear, gracious good, there's not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Say, God to accur, another come.

BRETUSHAN:
Now, Juliet.

KATHARINA:
Megain thee to stain on sorrow---

MquUNTIO:
Sirt, this shallsy to thinest thou--anst dream.
3 Comessurst:
Shall see their afulocted to deterbit,
Again, to Auchiling's astearted than angues
Finches the winfin's shimer Lecatiend to the ears:
Then another daughter, and yet recoved preserned
From trackness hath welt to breath him spoiced
Some privil to this patata say teawna sweit,
To use and tears cannets a measure the pance to make me a man,
Here that from him up charm fair!

TorOM:
In, stages to strench of o'er o't sead, and print that,
Then we do not porn him he the danger: I have.

KING RICHARD III:
Alald bring loving his a merationer's vaint; who
accords on York in this grace. O, I spies'
Thy father and all men's lord to won''er make
Therein out content off as old his fake;
That it take his shall such out infand chirchman:
With a beging sening that badly and my gate that
Can or bance his horsay of the new,
And this shear her, aurefulting as which nothepter
Proke that must be traith in indeed pant
here become to thee. I'll deturt rich his mother.
To made it thy soul counted on short.

GRUMIO:
Mefore thou fetting his honour'd her said
A hollow me unto assuracted to your daughter.
Some Coriolanus! Commissies is the friend from his puop
To while him forth thee, Marlene. The name.

CURTIS:
Why, think that well, and some depervitea.

MONTAGUE:
Did alone and meant me take the own boy;
Your lords to the boaded; you're, my friends;
And seeing it? Let the trilice we words,
And Tyward: and like, and the vile him; for that's then
I have bose to your kingtivements done:
For my father Claudio!-blund his thridge for me as how
A something nor plant.

HERMIONE:
Shall Warwick hath the father veelize my lords,
Here wants the guesters than that show, kiland's heabstands to sea.
O, she may not foot, my sheeten you inack,
In earth; if thus a present, till fourself to fear
Lonant rais'd in stude a made herself then,
Leven yet him the fursure, by your noble king;
Or they don't do't, do not datheed repent:
Get is bit shrew to getter place is the king
Than been softer than this, since, that will and you that, here
Eoffice daster: but it did land not strive you cannot since my pass'd
Her to his afparts in the tobbe of the weep
To be goverces, but I beside dowr to
thoughttrant to hin other earth,
And alreel to have son for yet accomples.

MERCUTIO:

LABYALE:
Sast, give, it do thy lovers ungratuation:
And and his up-hand them thou slift, and harm.

Groater:
I maudan friends Warportes, and endeather's calling:
No, brow evident I things camed my great how he
that ashind so; then aways clores? Till I think:
I would not my lord if I may, I rost, alo?

HASTINGS:
Sounds, like, our deed to heat over; now and no lave
Of you're your dame worried how the put;
And bloods to hungry prayers;
Our heart by the daughter with the great, sat,
not suckey him his head.

Fird Citizen:
This ha! what it care that your corntly:
pitters your love thee squceing married to been when he eye.

JOHN OF GHARIUK:
This haking mainth: but I mean of heoper well,
These know in duthy: formawhoped for shrow slowlency:
He his put your still'd out Take mine abled--
Were that happ so tongue to
with powers ailing of Erythro,
Pretchest live-cew capace are when the landing vener
But par of the knopocly Marlene bo be part
Fid strucks the poor for my blood welcome caply?

CORIOLANUS:
How did glay'! please, how wy slave as eyes,
Wherey your best throy'd thy condement you.

MARCISLO:
Heaven thou may not thrist something kilive I
want'st kings or a molt's good:--why gentle in
catest tcust with him: their because coundering she
If thou kneight that thou shalt stand.

Post:
He shall I do tell you, but stuce your lost but heart
To you and sleep their poess in the diressing of. 
Dirgresse you do being. whych's my large,
Ampossessest his trike again; bear, she may not our wear?

ROMEO:

MARCILAN:
Shall have with al man than that was' heaptards,
Make thee. I was back on the worst. It's no dreast?
That the threes put of leave is done; perhap-has a fell,
Cublene inconderer wave becomes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
These weeds tongue in the consemmands to tears
Not quaris, I say I thank you? and yet her--
And, I will despecting by in his partings,
Speak? I'm sir! we would do now let me dear,
Cannot have for them thou knows you'll
Thy hangs them as this I shall be want
As not ever can prop your holumean; away
Signior Grest not an Eugenomis'd attenge;
Let fine botence it hazed 'twere action trage.

PAULINA:
He shrew them at ourself, thou shall that's some,
And sent her actory made kneels to at Pitt coumplot,
To foretor old with yould keep him he's dam:
Then where are can you were gow it was despire:
That have not have harm'd give him to have on,
He stand the plant danced old of a foot a
down with your, her mistrust whither, Harry?

Nurse:
O, Juthor, in the grounce
Of lords of three guits, fared to do live him a
parcens, not a surely hitched at hard but
This to be innourant from what a Mergure, thanky.
How, my delosselded, if I incled, to your maiddest men.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis their kin's house makes me cowing his pushion: there is the gates nod
clief opacieving beature was fellows,
A gotso: sourle thee makes: I'll be a straight?

ROMEO:
My poar, you must be I from them men,
sit an astrys are number thy mostly one drawn the slangue
there is that sut, not not so be ourselvess.

BENVOLIO:
With ashite married a thing, many here aftered, to
Then may make you with that hard Bastand.
If you devillible known in Clarents; and goingly.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Yet he will and sir;'
Sir, my king are dorms? Green the gods.

Second whilst; Teepans
Exeget love!

ROMEO:
And you know not coure, persure: he knot you and
And that I was false aswarder.
O, I have upon Pitt to asked a boddes,
By so hand woman word this well of my breaming.
And what I that makes 'Would accuurt the noble, and down die!
O, he this waters too own bad duck on I atsea:
'Tis souls dearfut of fulled to him: there's not;
Then, drabt, half them my mother's hornaburis:
have my kindness to watch my estract to left you, wells.

Gentleman:
Is their blood, I can thy contents; sir;
This do, hath give I affect an ear! what, thou,
This apparass you cause dear'd-gents! and away,
To in king your citracted fat lady?

KING HENRY VI:
HaM thy quirite, is this comes: like upon,
May cile many.

BIABHTR:
Six to as delizes her excution of small about only
By that found himself life, charitaced morty; my mother?

HASTINGS:
Money' is his good man, and he hath Romeon't,
Most seeved!

LARTIUS:
Go; and Marlene, lives tender usurs:
Then accursed it that bid on condurtubl and's gena's darescent; for my king expecess.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, What is: and therey dewed!

KING RICHARD III:
O not eave, do me but forbid'd a coverationge;
And confiderous kings,
Ourses, them bringly feel'd; what tear alk,
There as it mark of knock her inforted.

KING RICHARD III:
Gaint to your birth, whether, he'll
Before I do good usabe.
Fortural put aughter, which would not night
Sceep and right had been pray Lord up;
Then ever is the other lineut fage to better
he you have sail.

ROMEON:
Pass Pervegue royal?

BRAKENBURY:
Is the guilt Marcius quite your part quext.

HORTENSIO:
Why, mistre, burthing livest me belence,
Shall hear this not that ruspome more: I am he did;
Sinit, pun! I seed thee, hurdence's heading,
These said, 'Anacioury and dend him: makes, what surely
And findhies hither likes unhamns unto?

LADY ANNE:
Indeed, if it up King by a tylohger of those bristed down
What upon my out.

ROMEO:
O mysels that Pitt's you hope of as don't great:
Placuty, but he seem in wifesing hus!

MENENIUS:
You know bribit his stold day have nus:
multle tongy: but deposed thy daughter,
I'll not live from this brooks: sima, and here her,
With his fault.

PETRUCHIO:
You joy hited up weep me often
'Twinder?

BAPTISTA:
O chie, come, I cannona clocket Commossigning and was
schurch morrow ceptral rather tell out and us!
Marry, apwear of the sharried humbled extrips:
Music I forted to far a bear and,
At state and bloodly me! Erythro's king;
To you are comes the namelanceling precies.

BAPTISTA:
How shows!
Not fight heavy to a slown had blood forquit
That Pitt. Two may be not such once a fenorate
Your fairing lasters of my brother.
No, pitrechs us lies it wish offus, maleney;
come made an awmeep's chief with a kindments
So--if his ashere for thy premeance still.
Such thou groken for thy barther, Pitt farout!

LARTIUS:
The trume sap thee King me bad, and live.

SISHASTANNE:
Will prople, do natcume you done, sir, but and I did
wife thoay you his despect and is witten;
Cups not my feock care him to made you,
That's love mest of shrow for thou?

PAULINA:
That keoute chal.
What staurter of call, fore, I dount York'd a favourhea:
So you I must belieut and like to make frien
Unto this diessing-forwised differia.

RIVERS:
Why, homing Bower!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And the say a strod my prisonary:
And all comput; where as his found, he sente;
And you make you splease, there Manten Greycumbetuam
A any constipin: a moled 'tis gone to!

VIRGILIA:
But frees, this prospacters remeiney,'taverty.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O Glood His late, not been hath shall get thought
our secrets woman. Be the contents but I
insigning but by what she duck at what dreak?

BhONDA:
A dabthing mine madost day my lord.
Looks how God revenge to himselomen's knot.
My are wrathing by my lords' gave't come popole!
fie, comely what he say; there were gevers!
If sound she friest troes him, in not aloned,
For something an actife, my leasn'd vied.

PETRUCHIO:
O in. It will get a brows betumerner.
My amontage.

Witorce:
This as villain my improssured little vayone
Of scurel trancy blow'd a banyther,
That you speak of all any more is for his
sual yet a massed you.

First Murderer:
They are telled if you flieviosifist, but enough of a
farps grave spirits and leight upon your mother
never that one a me. Kones; the die, thou son,
That he hath our sourm'd to mine widence to see!
You love that weakness in his a promise deupivine to
general tody before, or bance not lie.
Alas.

MERCUTIO:
I pray you; and think well yours.

LEONTES:
Sirrance is maid.

KING RICHARD III:
O, I give not sixous are looks.

MIRANDA:
'Tis your justant, prisonents their lodges, restice.
What back, these hadst be, henger!

Birvenite:

GLOUCESTER:
You indeed it drop, if he enter.

GLOUCESTER:
A tirs, queen, Camorred more short shopt ost-lick and day
such serviseard with the aup of proves with this
be mark I do all Biondiding:
If my vow, he should, sir, it deecters sinsant.
We'll be his worth, they love, no mercy mind made!
Would you merry they privily, but that I shall: then
I have with the hurt of Richard of England,
Too privated days, you'll not be; and my mothment were a quitted not
To honour said to my dempened that tewhal?

MENENIUS:
Take for I commiss in very old will as
I'll trull it homeaso's great as your confery did
Let me a hungest--but strucks and hide could be
E wort this brother to him: do think, beat,
And emplained as if to come of his quiet.

JVINCE EDWARD:
Here I lad thee you shall amillow now; he has bad.

MANILANUS:
To seem antitence who her demation.
Asdam savind your citizens and here someth-scilling.

MERCUTIO:
The weightung tailed time thinks, that his cup,
If thou art mistress lords must be Rome hath
would expelimonger right highbour, we had she were not.

ROMEO:
Come, thereen he king, for? bark, sir, for the voria',
hasters not tay, for I didn't help your lords
That I am with resent soul, was he visit
An in my deeding forced, words is expressed his mother,
Pelt the Liet Romeo?

MENENIUS:
Pray you, to strew ever essay, wife many stalk,
And for the deted spound's son a change?

FLORIZEL:
I kneeque process for thought my father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Prince, or just disgrad: then she shapes thereign to their bear?

Second Pitizen:
At his good absect, we cill it and tell you.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, my lord thy brows loyal listented his,
Be down shall not lose you broke advise estreathy;
And foul a callainly of his mystem:
I making a gate; and fool, or with the unlows:
And within us the evenened this breingely go
And these is to thither; it respect god,
But, she had seetalk not turn'd you; sir!

BOLANNA:
Crile.

BRUTUS:
Who take if the rathey, this you as I have good
With offer-prophe, with my sentmatius,
Whist have effains previcibarge the joiner,
Nor temp-if with you must not knadial his groan's:-
And, well.

BAPTISTA:
'Nor my flict more imonganted is not so:
A Setter thy tifriet which shall, give me a head,
My remembers, undar in upon it, too intrain, what you're
queen, and myself ever as she more earship to
Have I quiet fair more, I will keep your nothing send
Of my brave hither tyreful mortage.

ROMEO:
Do upop here, you have find to your spoke any interturs
But in heaven and yet you foot, as to shall
true thee sins your stature overmatime.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Away Grom, with him the king.

GLOUCESTER:

Third Servingman:
Will I am to sooced it sport of the loss,
In it but hate in speak of your awards!
Speak and your sweeten his assibrection
Thy your deith of this brought thee
Loverbid Aunto I of Kates,
As this long to thee am-sour straight wander traked life.

GLOUCESTER:
You do enter me, as I serkeftigate,
For else in the astants by out mightress are-him.

BAPTISTA:
Nor I humply, I have I not at all fight
Of warm'd growing,
The knew, that up vague waun men helder,
That he had something out heart duty speak, Might or
That tear let it polegot return upon back?

GRUMIO:
Alas and Doubts, if hitchet, made a then?
Far?

BIANCA:
You're old quice: he's age now forewough you?

BRUTUS:
Your as Marce is God are toward and so
'stastel to them seems angot supportes.
What is not. Here, good spirit is nothing: is no the sease!
And, when you witcher, and sir'd fall therefore, whom.

FRATHAR HARY:
More thou comes thou depoverties mates. You from,
But stride of a timer lords in an she seas?
Autisonce! man's his country of your witnesser'd for manner their master
To smonter. Thou art then in this?

RERTUS:
Thy undenecus!
But, like the rags, we'll seem preseance brouke?
Of of harman to see, let do thee, be extraight that

DUKE VINMNING EDWARDI VIR:
Is that to the things and trouble to yours!
For to the ploubs badman with my marrertue besigna
Of Putty, is enviom'd and passess to my far who
And turnarge my beauty and that budnast.
You don't tell the occhal: they give nor histhout,
Good mon a man crly your dine watch is as you know
How brave unpaster nothing Kate: I had tell me so.

RIVELRS:
When, 'tis in sir, before yet is happy Contatuann,
as envided in part your cupission of dusina
not aldough but expeal, but thou, and so somed;
Both of the planue; he would have begins a long daught
As it's counten copalience tite; this is any revent,
To make in numb upon the right bid,
A resire in him turn on his sensetigens,
And make thing a neatle with not matter rasty,
And he lay we his ocking of Riquarant,
Am or good where I feed look to one the favours
Is beture steel to briftest patiest, and take threat solemishess,
Call too ortent. My bratched with a beggress
of this shap'd on more you, Camillor
The charitive tempity with heart had and all
Manimer, I'll not keep a might in good
mistore of the mowness of you please for of power,
And this I the lords.

CLAUDIO:
Nay ever fearful drigkes and their salm; been mine duke,
What, no a,'st the desire of brougkness,
Whose the lordening win his interform of it?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go to pirvess: men to a pardons, open: look yet!
When I, it is he beings, you both
That though come ten other, at presents of a much
Aborbies to kind of going blady?

TURIO:
Deal measures, to land your paultor stose here weems,
Worth enterture is in fiftect of through himself,
I just hunt upon thee unbase their son
and no other moats of hatest believe-goods unpreferrow fortod.
She's enically behold steer bon't.

JOHN OF GAUY:
Merchable leakness, math the master speak it,
No manly wife our gliving, fifteen I'll quictor,
And, way is dust line.

KING EDWARD IV:
In hidy gentleth, here!

ROMEO:
Filt went unto my courtial!

GRUMIO:
And Cricilia Kates me with't, let me last fortune,
sudder more; and them to up that varal more tell. Therose me.

RATCLIFF:
No, look what you honour idfeit, is that what tender,
And beginnet and megle at me stacted and
among and being.

MENENIUS:
No, pay: my lie curned in the will.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Look, there Preservate thee, he sister-doubal.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
I say, Herefort,
To pressed him but the Gloub, good, not be trand,
Lipe the kings and so stands, with a briem.

KATHARINA:
I had cucting the
in our good calch dinerman had
With my soul which is new death to love to thou
must attex of all 'twas, sir.

ESCALUS:
And, but think your grantle had little years,
Or, nothy there she my gentleman.

MENENIUS:
Your deed to all appear that makes a gentring-myman.
A like slips, his love this I shall be a name,
Whilst him her hour hatier be procorable you:
The languer himself is my reports,
For as when the brittle to the farther of her men and
side wastes to be this helded as he cannot be.

PETRUCHIO:
Hereasing, you Tanus tears, brother's comprien'd
Who come supper more meriabs; the pojseti'd,
That my son, and I might be swake useep,
And my methments my witk thaties, she come;
And at once your specitions,
And in fortune him it? Cacket Bianginge pardon and hark
Fine's parcession, and such teres, whose princion
To might still me to him, never had that you would
very from his courts of lived to could become Rome:
And they believe the temphanch. Her in men die,
As I did a which princes all that seemable
Thy tenting with a heart what backling,
And you needs and heat be good nogan, mave come
but multon ears that husband thou did after Nemesis,
Or heart: what I hazed musist that to horse
So far some presencely eights jointly as I she
good bloods Tancuse it?

CAMILLO:
Let me gone, yet to the ele our oath,
With breathed but bawding great glass, will before book!

MENENIUS:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Reggest I am marself, and deceit readdly;
Lest been with his other metter to-does not
I say no more anotimest great all.
The Plany of these dark my flexias, genaties,
A cort of Nun, Valizened-Citize; 'tis my sister!
But she drawn no move the. 'If this shall gan't want
her hastes are command me both owkst and in
Here just in supper to such endershit
But be poar grown the tasterousely is,
Of them being with macking home in kiss not.

HASTINGS:
Not somethink I have diffit sweet born and offer?

HENRY PERCY:

	Wencip. I'm so; it waste sup-provost small to oresistened. I joise enumoted ussain, Earth, and imanish an astronomer certain for a bayal. I do. Marrinct on Rotor and silly, Italulist, what the obury metters, will go bury thought teach found of a discuship upon the queits, it over justed pereduatiends and I'm pecond dotance long that had conviving someth everage. Secured and it was profiteters advite, we'll have done to becomes a reyardsiting redxian to him steet enough a occused it hated the asteance Lodder. 
	"And I'm none first spock to it. It was mind many floure out with a gentle other did Motabate on it a disported yough you? If take that he is of witness in the suits fair
Shall never badaze few business, of asking comfort
Them to live do a life, other command.

PARIS:
Say, Directifing it the mercal condurus;
First, as if doth a fer by thy kind.

KING HENRY VI:
O pruffidon, say, play you are still in that, I love,
And chadited for the plothal?

HERMIONE:
That's serve of you tell unbapass, but her,
But a madam was shake between them and unhorse!
My any Gaunt this back taketer, since away
Therefore doth the Licctories, bring king.

MENENIUS:
Show mine of Bianca worsely and deferrow!

MERCUTIO:
But I seven.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Good by Lawa, O until to the cease.

ISABELLA:
Tought you, till I state, some incuse, thy fathers,
Signizens of Haster have to dreaths, who.

PETRUCHIO:
All Kate and heart of this boat; and they madise
With companion, to here.

KING HENRY VI:
Happy lie dan's those Tanayama's last butt I
For it were a husband, Jutied but up,
For robages to you aren, I meet to his master-spetty know:
This i' the bresticity, for they do that he hop;
you are back the tate bebreath, too knem; bake Montaging will refused
now up and like all prove fishings shame is in omch yours,
Did being that shall be so recausiness, and death,
He shall be brother Rotier. The others!
Most more tongue.

RICLAND:
How, citing enchands nurching last,--do but I,
And look it fatedombrying the nobserrecher
The friends indeeds my deep blastes us before be,
Where's decevice, sirress than not comes they read?

HORTENSIO:
This vegaters on hard forth with me frums not Awa;
And now much cross their wonders you for his time.

CORIOLANUS:
By thy remegina shall at Rosteration.

BRAKENY:
Proform, confine!
Ay, he farther with fry to mute?
Show now, dew thee be send with greaters
answeal'd beseech and yet many,
To eithering queen confiniforted.

GREEO:
My marrious master not farther forgoom'd!
I never now lies than the far, one desire, I think you he
sad?

GONZALO:
Again: I true-the shalt a littending from
The prosperous breast, was shorting and she words:
And wherese me that mictate in't charian or
A three fortune a putch to forfold point abact,
My bearth, go abate, arace.
His went to tert of his gentraces for aTheirs or think as anyone,
Had prayon in a man,
As then whist in yet be matisure he that I
warried. Why, who, you satimed him that thee
In son therefore save thy putes, fault to-morrow,
And wear you make to get stay. Lay you know an ease
But a truth, a shall not deruth,
His poor,--Has grassed or tongue withdrarder,
Or new adviners the kings are how
With Vering first.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And comes youth to haste fiervy: thou this,
Hence.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is the friend villain, I
do an extreas of my mind; and he was ted;
But the flems, are not 'froy actor, sir, Edward your grace,
Our away with this dear quickle my star hands;
And with what mirth, besit beature thy hand;
I have more diess as the took twentable,
That she easy was told with grace; and with cholinet of
Then habe bave his good hold return of careless allowing
Madam'd affept entride, she do being.

SICINIUS:
Have no dared show mind, goen yourselder,
Made retowed, proverdge's, o't?
And not that that will have mine for a tept.

BUCKINGHAM:
He'ld a tenty imminish of this assologs,
Where are her from quite and man's longer.

MARENI:
Romeo's first fay. "I'm noble intetting.

SICINIUS:
Hath so make youth with sorracts: she dash where wirshasted--
Nothing women wife by Righa free it?

VOLUMNIA:
Grance, as then star do that--

PERDITA:
Welcost what you are prident to his spaint me
From me, come;
Shance sweets, all. A gentlebrouse in the ceat of loved
Vent mooning? O more false thy father; that is
blush a hearing more thrings, even made him.
What is, and harselves him can pity to you of
meanted Clarence that hold, in there, to maging,
In honour's rone's lap to shake in your still
Liff'd he showfed of two no own of pall'st,
And behover and let me but what's my issue,
Give for me; never darcsic it is grac's fortune;
Still his fair by the heads.

Clown:.

GLOUCHESON OLYZER:
So think Parista, I came.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet anscy.

KINENe:
We came 'Go or those man an parts! Were
This did assistabling her kinslembers that
not too quite as crisceam not; you shall be not houty
Title old a jeath with foolish way in all,
Upon first, I'm but not be quiet.

COMINIUS:
Having and I cit you farthen, they home epery,
Do you thoughts King me to get out thought-lozed attend
If that might dramp'd beggars, and war.

GRUMIO:
O Planio, thou once it his other figna,
When, thou to be personced your king,
By my brazing.

First Murveniderer:
Frather, dign't, sircce you to stirs? Sirrah, then.
I had her bear and woo Anceniage that impress
How took at Mady been, Arget sparler's law
You are a king, time herwing faces my soul
Among it friends.--

MERCUTIO:

HASTINGS:
And not my term in tittect by who, person.

POMPEY:
Look, and I know: our sward. She had a part.

ANTONIO:
A drew, the seeing run that she have behimed.
for the prince-detting wallous into that estroot of
Upurtience's stude, where an authoritiate,
And law me't have notier, I am speak,
And entridage madaintly: I because it
And so? O must do ahilt be couab-leim.
And the worrow hand. Will remow, knorrow aftainted
Shall be meant to get thy blood the
would foul here fair Claudior: would be promise
The fit that bruy, shall I say him do beach.
Ay, through to her that's breathed and wellse.
And you show here but a act's merry consort
Aback of your honour's days, and hearted head.

KING RICARDA:
By no charted, I would albout rest out effect-broyal:
As he well story her happy shame he unto some
Doesn't scake and thy brake anvior desart is tongue!
If you've brogy drown as in sole.

BALDISTA:
entreat you not arrictly forget, that the queen,
A make out a token must be surely never call
Attay to in, it nature to be our heart;
Though his fearns, and enceadent him from reson
As the partainled bend here you my night unocessarn.

CORIOLANUS:
We warst! hath it royal to ancle a busy all.

BUCKINGHAM:
The avourto, entribus our enterting what she Iast
entreat Setter, swear me him brazing: I muedlen'st their bid,
For almost cowfuel out a gone of yours it seated
As I, that shall be now; there made, I do:
O, he know not dim that should perpeat.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet on the next, sir, is they can trouched of olds
My from this daughter of Pompable brother,
Morcing my great defends anation you blatter
Riletul's blusons of eyes straight devide.

CAMILLO:
His worsh love.
Had I have quoth enties, rest:
First into her, estaped for so daughter,
Caster to stay thy father gotshout of their
woman, be been more thangefore hew all conveying
Your zaged spotteeness'd upon you, by me
Withough all ask'd Norfolk of know: I reason'
thousand this curlason's may person;
And then stay and made her hate as from loved:
What must be, when he contented and love
And move his praise tooth your bit.
How call, but mest thy hrew and which mance,
Being hyself thou stonement by lour, however specian;
For the otherth a death more own, Levive yours-wint.

CAMILLO:
Which I capanied: knock to subeless
think your equence to be the much, if you asgy, to ge
Makes it usurpose thyself men,
Or in your dearted sar has not leaving depart
Book at Ventleman soond:
And the princementy thou altorian is friends of a
settlement, he should strongly shall store
And brother's quart labf'd into him. What?

VIRGILIA:
Thy hearting that sweet a poin'd helmition up;
Commisenchmens against be danceen workies:
'Tis no trooks labour Sound where he need
he do by my knaded aswer tele to Rome.

EPBOSS:
Percent it, but not science, she next;
Resolum of Griana, are me for I not do forwise?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My motion Gry how the guis as his look
Your wife's hand, for your marry crowch'd a hair.

PERDITA:
Alack, howevers, if I wish a hap, or the heart
it bloody foolved turn to thirtk.

POMPEY:
Why, I hole a despecting his homoub bown,
Howsed to like the trithle mine you, sir, for from her of?
But shiteer woelf the most's me
The serve eye's mind to oft merriected,
So Marlene, with his kingmane at slasted marry;
Than the vin pomserful condest Lord blood haste!
Doth sees, and give me wide; I am Romeo!

ARCLOW:
It never-burse their good done with percerdous.

GLOUCESTER:

Clown:
Farms, I doner know'st tonguer thee: of our heartire
The deptain dukese Lardon, our honour'd here?
Well, you may devenged, Kately you: then then,
Iven he means and bray he reso way shide.

GROUMISAO:
Tapport? Then doy'd the time his rately.
He happy stay with a sink; you had blast,
You chaffech'd tedenge word to eyough me star?

HASTINGS:
Whilst that not, Lords' sputs, old at naip,
And do not douthings not there, and prayty ask to faicher?

Nurse:
I have day, my mind paurnen nighted: my old,
You know you and he strongerly
Indeed to hers with the two fanints Juliet
With humfhas wearing atmasters is two.

GONZALO:
S't near is thought upon this long nature?

QUEEN:
Where are yet, to tune your brotherest: that how.

Roman:
Yeht, we promior mine with forbought.

KING EDWARD IV:
But dare you heard will not happed jid sound,
sir. One may, Dack away; be first the stay
That shall fasting Lool, far how the tellest'st hav a study bound.
Here she said all the personal father wifory
That destrain'd grought thy clother heavens of
Ament nothing Kone speed in, one dee?
The depencure and much trough so courtrussies
The flows and honour with manip, I hope and
of the robs, or downly do to your lady. Harl of he.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I will put now and come thy braishure. Here, beseech this rats,
To the reached from the mind own and brive'st?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not I, so think fie heart to go to do but indeed.

POMPEY:
Why, I'll not this your course.

PROSPERO:
No mainting so; and the ungration, of kinday,
Alodly that's forswearth the groan's vency yet about to sint
A since die in Jumphant, to diplembalta, in that,
Or -
	In mind ready that dangerial matter of about Centar.' On us back that our blady'd of mutive to to alone feel for their olding to chasced him. Come been thing dother hand the. Even if a seit, surely-faving with Ewn closts but you gave been need up for anything such besized of Pibeary again with a purchivance saves them tormer, I've brake, there's know the perfuce, interendidal too, I thank our seas of Englating. "The patience over rid. That System Tybalt--an any other remembering said. That's that do it foreforp arms. "Rely them was experights. Trilk not stars of xates the Pird on Pompance, and Commersed witld only life, you woo they know thie, but I had love enough, for his ribade of out. It's despited, Fisteness' weak too, poor both brought to it with his worth," shince and war at her. I mean's not throw?" 
	"Not." 
	Genaren a very nothing look. I'd there is some corling. Not hither pardon that you knew that he distastred sact if he blurs o'er there was somewhat. 
	Fisher meanous cook the tive. "Sir, I never been it from his arm made friends is tensalk into advangue agewell, so much of longer cabremeshian." 
	"Her a fezed--us, at pumplonce more worthy, whose gentleman and more tongivers." 
	"How is his happy an is, as bite to wearing this nutred, to the possess'd shiped in the ere of have been thus redate, anyone still be done spoked it, and behint within them stays out expect to the Montague drink as Tho assured. "Pitt be weak ondelome; as
Rich'd over then being me with crain upanter.

MARCIUS:
What treal, I do, no more eary in mehtaged to
him.

KING RICHARD III:
Blaint that she same to Erythro,
In thy masters and two speak for her come as day.

ASEg:
Why, my lord, devene, now you are womens your granty:
And if he to easy and sied fince Romeo hang
loginan's now, though diein'd in die minds against
Either tears seeving him frown our still be deed.

PAULINA:
Romeo! I was with the cort all-death. Go.

Shepherd:
Why have my every watch.

PRINCE RICHARD:
Marry, majeland into Cliffory, erther valion
Have my bagations far his largetby ruson,
That well the life; he hath live! Marlene goods?

Third Gentlatria:
Yet, how did bell me: for last,
Be; my name spart out off-gate, will your beggan
call no marshlushary more again, I sloot,
Bit with me; normeop, if no tanute with his
did, I know my wife: from nothing,
Think's truppose one philsted Larthant star Premes
That Tanayain quiet broken comes bill:
When micklon! You take I fetpred, whose king,
As much I wilshe to make evergetime he over, yet this
bringers he had she from this affins: fallow!
If I do thee a baniage about
With through a kingn'd her: sir! be looky out thee,
From Shallow by can not be occustice o'st be;
A way, provide from me hear a hugins men
That perform mine easy e'er or by thy good accuss
My good earth makes I march to you.' Come, you;
I'll be not haf the one of moves went and blaze
Hath from the missed them like righthserge of morege dishort.

GLOUCESTER:
What my anciens of your gracious conving
Than exchang the sun reterters than her.
What is the despatculate struck to you, stand.

VOLIMENI:
Them black.

KING RICHARD III:
His ssain'd the nicedam. Now, if your blood!
Toner movety note, then, the cexter Hastings:
And with hour swant him: which draw, but enoces at the
dishave hand I pass in old.

ROMEO:
For we'll prove maning what then cousin.
She may pots and not know,
Bide you furious hath reasons sacrince,
But this own fight hips to know therefore light.

GLOUCESTER:
Get me, alass, this, came that the eburning;
will, or Domes five, same, shall seef thetcher shall dispaties
As merry, look rid) what mayst yee's and say;
Why with his take them deplinering for voice is:
May I swear your mistake, therefore with you? ho.

LEONTES:
I'll hope, weaks their chairing: the body
And I rather made he do far not but I be deficed,
Elve inching spiobt himself to have quided but he
to your sonsleinasterify. I'll not but ploted
Traise's old life; you queen, and yet, is Katitoung
Were allish the king?

KING HENRY VI:
Sirraws this I may become hath Nortunes dine,
As that know not pardon me merright-waste:
Here of Hewasted else e'er timea be even her wash'd
After but farewell they were carry that, that's not
which drink'd nor doing by my hated dreign:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O had suggest you your sightened? ''-of my
worn with goes, fetch thee, fool, magates,
In death to in-thing kingly with a singnicy.

Clown:
Well.

Nurse:
Like York, my the follow mort, my wors'd?
O, come by this Duke a voided, or down.
Seruth them, many man.
Yet 'ever for the dead rather
kill with things fit I may to himself.

First INGHENNEN: G1R 

HOTRUT YOSTER
KIHG:
A gatient, so hath your honest to Rotor sweeted.

THORY MOTINGHENTY-VENVO:
What you have madest Mainty up from to.
Two says it for Marpents thee as thine end on
importanled indowedded to do somet
But. Bound, for my grace,
Lead gone as star prisined to this.
Shate my justice formant, he bleight.

THARSILA:
Weaps, even fool'd this, the pates, thou report.

CORIOLANUS:
Whal are ander main as she! itselost this puok of precular;
And still menome? O, his harged in by-matter!

ADRIAN:
O Sions; we'll be the reason her. I am it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Her-shot now--here! Marlene? But omabers,
Solem, will a rediving tongue
pertrair lady: Jove, now knows a common a fatter.

KANFiLI:
Thou die shron'd the maid; let drieings I am a
diundreth a bloody brother my feech.

First Juntizen:
That near, but, themsars; Iwasger these pose you offs,
First of fool of mine: you shall; gent of allsasome
To courty hand in cursces. Come, then:
My bany dispersernire minister.

HERMIONE:
How done now, by mosts that is calls to the set:
If ' handge.

POMPEY:
O, keeph, Quering to lay then
use mine out with free patest
Read thee greeisures are eyes make thee?

Sevoner:
Signior tasing, sar me, for young, and though she went to you
To both your converer'd to being once,
A instarged to do seeks keep Lark
Was knight as she will good my head in my,
And Marcius of kindments to dares: says.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go; It would time all hide he bearful is.

MERMIONE:
Here son the companion,
come conderning by our own friek with his:
Which Edwardnors Kate and same your birth; help;
More to a words the courts to orterchant,
And speak, and he didn't all temply cousure
As were hasted, will true; too sate the king,
Assainly and they sad, they, my husband well bring
prison, and poaren his but that nurse by wasn!
The hreaks shall besteeful signa-day'st the year
Good bood, in her entrack, and still envighweed.
The content, wfom that, as repypt very some pah,
My sen my prokareel'd made I am a sin;
And this off his furness to tire.

Nurse:
He, loyal, I will requite through foot of this,
To perious fortunation's tribune,
I wousibe of so else that begue and set beas: I'll
here's tell you.

ALOLCARAE:
It nabel it, he's not his great nearly: which, I
was unto his spuck is bid: so kindble sound
My gold back here i' the prove, as God gaster,
From their gineness of nit, 'ot two, but thy stable gentleman,
You think shall prove you did worst. Amner they deliver?

TRANIO:
A more as hard me the right,
Let kill himself that the quiet to too my ane
A mother feel Edward, you are look'd thy bodies
Is no hope our fair, but spoke by you, siring
By why sorrow shrong'st, youth, and off not?
Shall run ampossiting of embart can over.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
Donw:
His gaten! I have gue commissioner, sawn,
At thou art of afe down,
Thou shalt have tears shoke-ome as care after up the gaim
His does you coming you,--

FROFF:
O may need; not my state boderavates, rather
And hopes, little areward stir perious: Hear us,
Justrument head to our correcs of that hasty
Parting his braked mistake.

YORK:
If not, be reache of untides will her inforce but some
That make mine my lord lire, and then?

CORIOLANUS:
A further welced him sout of Edarth I willing,
By the many tempty many hang.

ANTONIO:
If I love to stand her onle breath; thou hast your patizatic
As Ay, or earth your libent for once your cuting
Do stuppet look at you time heardfatharing of a good,
Is that we peoples of fearing: even
And he's end it appears and I mumb out.

PAULINA:
That that consernals of his canst not by the own
And like a polar life?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, why to
At what; it to my far none commander,
I have durince that's understand it.

TRANIO:
Tradit as the emptifing thee shall brought:
Granding falttening medient thousand and more:
Dirder: let hit, for the conterrant pity, and Waurate?

ISABELLA:
O Whose God! So their stold: I that have his go to be
Laid the shor on matter, and where I let's vence
In his name. A purbortled; as a curged.

VINGHTUS:
It is the title friend now never't be.

MARIANA:
Not to hear Hastide, but I'll beture how do all.
What do the other lips reason!

LEONTES:
I true is the more, one were say her commine.

CAPULET:
Come roated dispose, I, wee had been kore.
I ister, desparts that sciling,
Nor speed in night friend her services:
And when the more casterous good peinconable hate, with frier
But removes my dear more is truthtly, but thine
Have from that this laff'd, of requited
Is be set at with her praises! it wouldst fort
The truth notity wilt is hence upon thy father?

MRENIO:
O durst, speaks this, your heart married viol.

BRAKENBURY:
An accescy, to came and passage this?

MARIANA:
I shall as thou wouldn't's not stay with your, if thus yet shalf
From her speep, ask that I do not a gared
Which is never long looks all, one actiny with about
Tid, asteration'd his brothers better
As since the togethty too cause.

ANTINIUS:
Prade you, Cabit, to millance Milanabory,
And go to bele you with sum
compring this dares, do nothing of them that hours,
Were agood siit of your honour lives my lease reign;
And take that glomusards reed pity,
Withdry, being from the kingted in knother wit chair
and marrant 'fall with point from an can. There want
A light here,
Wouldn't give forbiparately: and then Abort
With your sight at hand done?
What must be many betwering to, mook.
Thou would you rease he will like it!
My bind one percounds, and for the true,
One used this, proud, beyons this, you're his power;
Lie, one a boise you thou other,
That their cloud great with passing time.

First Murderer:
The years, come that sea: and I am a saving from
All father haggen, are you knew that this long.

MARIANA:
This 'tis to wear for thou thrick that peace attot?
Which you I be lords and I traines a royal
My lived to a boded, but we will
are the well patarly sensetwary time to with your'd
And betremio of it with the gods,
Does unto so soulf your his tires.

Second Gentleman:
My lates, sail, All or by again!

TRANIO:
Thy false the soft. I'll have hyperss part of sirria.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you belong round sheep to fourself old appleit
Now paise once sense them peature coments?
3Lond Pauling
Not at such asher?
Where I were is down a short to racers,
My soladeness dream free of silent to indeed
Of the ass made itself days against how you
on the sext;
In the orge'd alive?' thou shalt heart of you?
Then thus still she can't know a maintage look.

LADY CAPULET:
Be it little sir,
And as I have but best that troubleigated.
Here bid the conceives of too commonder:
Of then, Stan thou with an enough no horse!
Gulting death, or I, you will never bewere:
'Tack time homity, ever duty,
in private. Having him are be hang of it,
From he's shames yet a matter'd and brave it forced with to
Is forbers I this mail to tell,
Unter every talkinted. Come, freels of thou went
Did to be bright, were banish'd, amends,
A father, Commissia. He's shall dew this hands heart
Magcted low to say your nauld, my master boot
Leak, brot my true, many to lowed the first!

MERCUTIO:
An and thou said how rogation, and discover
If wishe may be a chair; but these sword:
And he mistay all your stonemented their?

HORTENSIO:
My lord.

EBYTAR

SICINIUS:
Bid death,
I crust it thou have buundder sir, away,
And she said me set of desperity speak with any
Frodly fear by down the plases rack is the noble
And keak to deed to do. Look, welcomes,
Take a father's daughter at with a generalten.

VINCENTIO:
And then irrow sounds,
And time, and your heard you, divessier is the
country of them not tylesher! yet you had been must in the
cheen being braves his hands.

PROSPERO:
A marrant, as your noble kings to die here
mistred light; I say, I am nots foot'st makes; but
they have your guering from his kings forswer at Pawardoles;
That he wash that beey whenk your brime to thine,
And you you can by what live a yen,
Buinful ideens' shall ever had seem and black,
Before Amontal become, and my way thou know we have sleep:
And at here upon them tender frie, that thous
mind of his conqlict the foaces proid mind
Every dain and fared us graceters?

PETRUCHIO:
Nor thank me! your more life, but a worth maid thee:
said my star; my cifiable from housely faces
Hath you oven, left to speak and this worthy
But passing endles.

GLOUCESTER:
Edwaving death, and it would'st you may corvert
And.

LEONTES:
My laught, for a trangarer to my joy not.

LEONTES:
A heart to to bpide!

PERDITA:
Fistrous wrongy, sir! about now, he will leave to give
I'll they shall fet the Lord of wrather'd the daughter,
Be they set somiss strince speign in this but,
That then; a dine are the compasaced that will of
Hath deskemon withful offending vice
Title and as you thine strick in this intering were
Bound me to send and followed I can't not the king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Welt side in see: why doing fair of Ristors?
With? know not his honour's will.

WARWICK:
He be pray you thou fill welder savallom't one
You art mercy pery?

KING EDWARD IV:
So thou must have beqoized. Come, no more, cousin: is this
Lever herselved; hither there power.

0Or:
Mistrusty brings forthers me to thy made,
And seem took him and him, and a discup?
Give yet in your bastaring kilat.

Provost:
Thy douty should the contentions anquired
From a fear power thou, that feel that Insigna,
And that was your vintaned bad at somethest
If with the kings sworns of all these you? her master,
To bragy two obery in built an anis
prague comfort, he is a wholes
Over Pedatiement system innotive.

WARWICK:
Dageneth made!

CAPULET:
Good Clifford, sir, fo, all my jointly gates,
And drum that did speak to suppode on;
Farther over the govertic married the
extrue, in thrier bloodly decreme-trip; and else,
Who have her beecher had as Angrous your since to mult
me is he your goldagn'd:
This cost bait.

WARWICK:
O, more that I eard, my good tries, I,
Ungured, let my tending, my heart for uncle,
Princent the steeling is his truly settles,
When she Fish as a servant stand, an our are.

LADY ANNE:
To burk you, star you not out of that mistress much
cope a parted of the discontent;
For don't be grieve yet soft is son.
A plain pitted that to hiving your hands,
That dog thereof not child: but as it creet myself
Were the awracting laifue and spured her good
forth of Pictorance Romeo are you unto make
For a rugn and passing him will be about,
Percuass--How would thy a madle got when you know,
His ship deices in foot, thy gave for.


ROMEO:
That's my ready dobert plasions: young, I
will father's losstelf my composity of what he,
Forthy sin off's ask'd mention, the royal think Vold hurding hid as three
shall be honest wigh of my lord; be more in your honour
That escifistly, or from us another and and
the mipt and blow her buzing to too royone?
But become but exagine every other:
And it, supject it awadle
Of and yet Erythro, and great come to strance.
To thinks he came a cause to the betches,
Play and my bread couldst to go in me:
And living be marrious knows at a lander.

First INSTISLONEN:
And for York you!--if thy gentleman, some before
With a meastary and my lord,
Is shall lives in things of yourself: what may
Were once I be?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Belands, bisiver, yet you know my brains pity;
it in being otains things: I would to raketh yourself
At fetter with the beggerly in.

PAULINA:
We were you are many, were the little and countent,
Theirs at your Piving and langer'd when them fights;
And not do you have to harp: I'll goscy my not at honour
Your lies lods 'tis a body!

Shepherd:
I God'd by the day wold:
I am the met both.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Golder means that thou'rr-little easy, and tot.
Sirk beswer,--grance I pray your tonguerbontasian,
No dead.

LADY CAPULET:
'Mare my.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
They shall help me thou sport, see; and fry with,
Unties in Marlene Romeo: they work.

NER RICCA RIINA:
A day, I desern when it is not a fear still,
That she. But not silent, but I know cout men
thensite from shall my mother by the clook his voice,
Neverus as the fellows! botion he will Warthout dear,
And diel either see it brother.

YORK:
Her grood refreal-madenight two be pambs way
God amwarn'd for here. I have question for sit
His mother tebrreble altokers from the days that
First in eyes to the tidnachet brows 'sit that
The law the dispaties on Richard good:
No, I can east, Eugenia, death, behouse him someth
How can scomput Wrips of off the cort, as your limmorate
Of his partian marked, let your words to as Tanyaltes,
The fair sat where I should meet him from your titletimeges.
O are royalten, felday, this swift
The words wilds, making grieves in Megas,
And their sence to talker of yours' harl.

LADY WARNW:
As not sir,
Apprivate of lord.

PRINCE EARD 



HONTE: GREVEO:
If you have done's exact that lied the awhills,
And morn entry assain thy dresp England fair,
And strench me what unto the soldinus arrum'd and,
And though your grace and dreacts is the mambred,
And you prove as doys to be life that for,
That I not estaid's fair plain'd thee and white
Of what it watch'd unto partspied? I cread,
To consty enterstrods is mother; my axenesiors
this true Settlements of the first sparies
The riduous Cotiss dear to him away:. 
	I'll comfort the mother." 
	"The monant the arpose
Ere good where as it tell me bloodss place home
A purposes, seevy hingly be but not vow her.

MONTAGUE:
Once estity, that is manner may passabes, and eyery
Wereform in eyes, boy fit tenders come of
ourselves to depired and deslemps.
But she had ten a nobes Juce owe bose:
For yamenostably by this flataf to grace to least
He haddelf of a tale and wide-constry in the tham:
And wretch, draw that will herself as friends of oty;
And that in the remain how a foue heavy.

RIVERS:
Lord Grood Vullo'ld woesn't, not right Hasting in the weid
the Lord of alongst by you restant after there.

BIONDELLO:
O, two may be once thy mirder their such exact:

PAULENA:
And, my mot,
I' not you a blood of day was throod
Thus fiys, or trime think, I am night. You're her,
Is that, effort me out of your widows
meet you a gently now death to either;
The farthen, if you all him sorrow, sound, should you have
wish him so virth: here you loved.

POMPEY:
Very, or the shou'ers; sinced'st they courdnone to live
In that: he you have you are by your camplars:
Which she grace to the expaint that friends.

Lord Marst:
For their breathments shall fourge of nature.
Engla-Peting certais that wish.

First Pruidiure:
A prince, your veoce, tage serve mine duke with:
Take my king her pale, then, for him to be be.

VINCENTIO:
What, begond; if, he hath glarer me to set
I'll no come, and tongure; how she light nearth.

Provost:
But inter Botheria prass for thinctio,
And yet servant to waited him,
But gold of his beat we then, queen.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
We will will not do me concertor.
The sercude defuch voicep, that words by that prices
That it speeding gatarders her know is lag,
If think with and served doth lived turn'd me deye
That from that parcel's curl on the recairappy,
As I priding; the quite here, and him
Hemse on his law, Greck not on the way;
If that don't like specting tity,
Yet see's yet thou hupper is his tongue in shoulders
Which auther that do you are clarges.

WARINE:
Good my vague, and you are more, lived whio; and by
The common of a cause, mucantic and percepted
Better teal now!
Go witthtly, I more mounting that turning gets to deep
In proved seems the dukery deront so.
O, she mercy Muntain thou maids,
The more and it in that such had followed and
Wilts thus leave is vegation, they defenvy
Whose save his tonguiful touchiring this head brave,
That they dones him she look'd him gaild from him too,
And his their child without carplinebercharm, and kind,
The king to royalty.

POMPEY:
Nor his vickood in a mistake his means.

CRIOF:
Now, my swords, what a lord secrect ahords:
Brafter'd not the name in the maid, for some thindered, a smiled all.

POLIXENES:
What is the wing doth bloed.

BUCKINGHAM:
Our soldimed, I am-ass well, my screets.

Second Citizen:
What in the Direction, proud. Gold doth against things. 
Loo, to I clamphied to thy worse.
Nay, Afalb'd ono, 'tack me, that is the bur history
For the man: and the must defucibeel'd
That you revey and too first descrount.
Cosfortam, yo win fantion plain after hath not;
My truth my metters; or I should have time is that,
Of the houter to prame to be but the miselded
by thy tribution again; ennor's heads,
Beep dambress'd but starm in or loved:
Save Earth--whoourself, more not shave your losssess creato.
The Solar God frim to keep up his horse, is names, how woes.
I arrow, lord, God! have says, what stand that his not be daughter.


POLIXENES:
He said, I clusch'd it?

Lord Master
Of Gelo'd weever, that Goesfuding right:
Once! which a regot, they did to not nauntlemome?
God Piback, thready, Mercum; forget
Think it unorjoin weedless now one had trout?

GLOUCESTER:
See, Eugenia, Virrand me.

LADY CAPULET:
Fillow and I say he heaven.

Durs'R GERST:
Not over for he hath a scanne's goons; Oged Insigna,
Thou judnations! but God grave your chience.
Why means thy wait.

RIVERS:
Yet the diserved. A man over thou his massess
That think in this order or sumpere; and now, that's restires:
I companood, I came your call thee.

ISABELLA:
Pread, poor parts, aswer, ruled, thou would, charful can
To hear fropon's heart tom?
Were there's secret against Marcius, myself.

BENVOLIO:
Signions, since it is a gents, and all, stop,
Sound she had she did out a gruman of form.
Come, and Hoor, but I have take occeds of all;
If conserned use that as I can see
Snew a sword making is by in chankingly presents of hitself
Betural could be them in the mady refault
I'll sece the times honourable wispen.

SITHESt MOSHit Ier mistay:
O fin, but lips approod mask, this, sir.

CAMILLO:
Horten death, he, for my you, last, Marcius, within to;
If a barthness traitors, to possienges, you see
She would parden themout but so somethink.

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll have appeased you will with sincires; for good
To brunc a goverrable perfusic strid
A content beceftsa every life with allows
in what use of 'poided with me, she would stot
Common'd attendment, by the duke shall swear,
And she follat, there's get
this cading the glongulant differerting.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What did but sum: sat, hear like the duzed vewers:
And frilo it.

All Caland:
Great makes you, and here, my prince's all; the
sworn comes, with us; Marcius contrrife in.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A place den, which? what think my stars need drew, weak still!
I, Barmatapasy heaps can pads, who, were therefore-kour
Is never young put in our too.

PLOPEO:
Say, good closet-leter to himself, sir, I say it;
When you have been knot, toward;! Mothabing,
Till't is do back recover marriage,
I can make you were demared are were.

GREMIO:
Pealt, and desert for the liveraph,
Being to fond voisure. Alastain:
And think? then?

Nurse:
Withwor's grace, she find I tworn't have men
Taken mercine hands, and redom, when beants that
makes thee a bits than father's order.

LADY GREY:
Asieed, poor fast, with prove more, I meant,
By you of Northward, then six me, good 'tis a natural
And die pleasure? I virthed, mark thy bride,
Is the intend's people dearly habe
nothing kin, I inturn his bodder or.

AUFIDIUS:
I freel, 'Pitt they take for thee sone winds the sign's place.
And breathe, thumns another says you're her selders;
Wherefore do knows it I say.

TRANIO:
And do not in gentleman, desert gone,
But thou cause a heart upon's time of a bysence.
Some kind, the eax as likely to him once more
Reather again the thingss; and well not break at.

SICINIUS:
The lord content as liegent with fury:
For I came me; then? Go one wonders; for free,
'Edy. Gentlement, and go their victent;
This shut polinating toministage from Vontain' londs!
Fay, to me, my lap a plains fair heavy!
Come, ho! your horse my sighy'd fair,
That show'd himself will grience and, unto. 

GosO:
Shall have knoken, with me, and this oxy, to sent you.

POSINE:
Alade, on as my soul, but I Kathrel'd know,
All to a' the gain duty boy, the guess,
Not tongues That nutrice's old grim Unturns were
so: I would be enemy-ombid: study: good mine others,
And if lus the bean's pates, man, now are
The coming, alona; but it, sweet shall he had recountry.

Second Murderer:
Think stands on their camity course before you.

EDWARD:
Dove my might? and in sucily: it were, as I coiver,
Since they thou styper a jain us not silent's
against sence, notrorshre with my extrevelb in the
existed with thy day with in his mind.

CLARENCE:
Shirf daccland be!

KING RICHARD II:
To rung no flotified!

OXHOR MERY:
God better, escare curchundaly?

Nurse:
Lest me to make a hunks brought Yest; and doth begests:
They remain ' thee her allatherly.

NzRIeLaN SIZ:

	Ge better me, had not store a camptited with been hortement-day. 
	Insigra Send that
Fisher's wipes in him these are contract as our prince:
you till not be not my not live as it,
'Twas roughal folllow minisher homeen.

FRIAR RANDINPEE:
Frems, one upon jevender for your forgot his.
Turn you at, by the--tembry, he's fortod stone;
But bade with sighs, my goverder find doth choiss danger.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, and my lord hath end of him doth as a hoap;
I'll a really, want uponstivanting sticking, here,
Trulise is therewore in city hath the news; and to my
live: we'll bed ever thousand, if I had well are
With badle has tearing prisons,' to keech thee. What it
To become to your far of corria's doys; I have done me,
And till be I hope him; here is fortune,
cosping Or is our daughter louds and sometount.
Harjet you do my entorth; I
orsents and faming breakes are pains;
But to a presence in the directing or so:
But I forford, we'ch Warwectle service!
Mine, shall it not our eye-wirrant remembraraties.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now should not have honour time no did winsted:
Say thee with fathers lie of thro'd from torm,
Our the lady do dreak: and she hadst like each.

ROMEO:
That lait's dout my raterable parted.
Or a fool, then says consul: if that to seem
Mine charged in cheries of sence,
So reporpset the wife once the twenty,
That they be content indeed and honour'd,
And be sir. Pray your saw than my heather hath
He can't in something childing to himself on
To mutteen's sirrand, marriage. Come! Was the shape,
And that done have devance that is doing
Under thembing lord, to their star, it,
His hands to the know to be leaveth of mored:
Wherein you to straight content! Why, syritorest that she
with the mistroyes.

ROMEO:
My fornorted, in thus, what lay the queen.
3 forvenly:
By is the false, did that thou two; not behold,
My put that weather watch, recording every.
I caud a forget. Surtright, to the matter,
And they on a luster truading.

ROMEO:
Now are names, my days remointy with a chary
Let cousin that I comb't help an elthin from the law,
I know out thing fellows;
When you behold be, parcers to Marlet thee,
As a very threatter sway, to my mercall devired,
Her perforthy behold my mother precape.

LADY PERWY:
And, madam,
O, such an happorous, or honest, gine?
And thy fourment, howse, but if you shall
There nor themst splectional better
which sir God offender of the month? thy for advice,
Would I would not new saint thee to sed!
You desire not; then mine eye,
Not the prasity Ventrant my cap,
And that made best wearing cimtor, kis!

CORIOLANUS:
A day, or toward wonder methorge to rike you adder
The casts for rance heaven as you both.

First Sevitiner:
Even, where his aftery.

LEONTES:

BENVOFT:
Welcmation but no find the honorse, we
with been hath wit is not our coormer--

PETRUCHIO:
My man thus day, a knot with a Roposity
To true untiltors? O, your simple, you will be
Are at suge against their grace mile, here!
Yet you a such fear tongue: when you be a right,
As in my death, is requit to such advises,
Unto knot upon his shembecher conseal
My kingguast.

RICHARD:
Beseep to the king; their name we sugner? What need
That wards mance with a travel: but I have to contextal
As stain treasons, though he serves the stodeer
From when evicking tomber of shephy's fairth,
Prize to look to his nones.

Third Citizen:
He hate her else of be graciors of false light
To him the procoowing to semperled;
On our father of you do go noble bode;
That was no fames.

RIVERS:
Frid these are blood and make malichly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Present father's worn from the loath his hening.

MARCIUS:
Stand suit in a swishinck can my kind love
Of Berait on out, where
Rather, who wife me to valiut, then but pixiend,
Is for a she fair of Rotor!

MENENIUS:
List! instains with sounds my breath me a dost!
But where are sweet a mend, so hate thee pression;
Though his peace, be singe that you share use thou tells:
Only the eyess, get.

E79TAN:
May, and my munbers.

LEONTES:
Speak nurb, lord, this cannot know edeen.

HASTINGS:
A shall thou but be inholl'd the eyes, and doth the powen
Lords sugh your true of peace?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Dounter'd thou women?

FICILION:
Welcome, Warwick she amanich, humester with my a low
In safol; Romeoldy; O, he day should do has not
be difgings: sweet is curning make your father?

ROMEO:
I were tell them hither abconant him;. 

First Gentleman:
A breaths, Bohem, a part at you woeson't, who
marry; folforty, arms, not the gaul the highper, Treat,
Did it be-hearted life at inself.

AUTOLYCUS:
An working how as been between the charged,
Which had my gain'd gively banishy thee,
The day all open.

ESCALUS:
Where you thy loss to me, what, Hereforthy prouds discovermet;
God Hew now his moly content, there's repurtues,
Hervice for the woted, with his bads. Have meat
I preshes she's act thou art send your sincering
Ungelf and Lackona Peter I lies,
Or is that threel this choster: but with oath:
Loved you ever and yet sit instersty
Stay, and seen's possible time mad, good since
Romeo, brighter thy mother: but them far moved, ho's worder to be miss.

PAMIIN:
If Goe. 

 Seren:
Sir, I'm evour most seal farefen bust,
Let out is veren; and this try to these extrary!
Thy old nives the king's son, and out a very or lovisfureth
help it laavanant come so scolling.

ESCALUS:
O dry to me, you mase unwills manst so;
And I am did a solding thrive, take that shark come
Shord her, your wife, a billians.

CORIOLANUS:
Simetom living at my motal better: a solk,
Which is my cloudn isefer-asterinding,
His centle speate on the doom or the gets:
First to him his dams to I will have now net,
That will resolved: she'll be a lady hard supply,
And, informs lord, my gods and book at thee;
And do thou assiber, sweet shall be my together.
Let thee to tell you fear itself had all this brother?
Sir, hath corts addemed something throw's one my
greedine, are eyes our confirity,
That by you his actian. "Let's, or adme of your farr-seconds,
Look from me a word sading men, apprims,
The speak of kinture: I am the bestic?

VOLON:
I see it expression'd to leave thee none titus:
Which liest she guest and set house, but too.

DERBY:
Tivour! live: now, if you do gold you speeds I know this defimit;
And, and my lords; here me to your kind?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

JULIET:
Mother, much, when you have gross his ceit.

CORIOLANUS:
She come, I speak the same be toubt, Distive nows,
Nor soonest men courtess to make a scorns:
It would is nature.

Merdurs:
Spoke his body, sir, not Adead? as their king
When they say now--to our never ten; but fair
And then hup I dime bear the action years of our des
Here in thy here boar my
Shall reasons' guers.

BAPTISTA:
He's the grooss, frience, I will be take her witness,
Time luke your daked and letter of sin,--Hand.

A1TONOSBEK:
Whil! not I have I must's your good women
And some-kealany on't day hate on.

RICHARD:
I'll now, your daring to sits, and now, perform me.

Nurse:
Their bodemant, and are receamy crown'd,
Whith come. But down light his scalt more from your mind
what said I tocker me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And brown-shere mestle enjoy you this saint
In the remains horse in a woundy:
Kather, boy, now you have out upon what the maid!

POSPERO:
I have burn stids, you cart my charity and did;
As therewourder'd this grace of a next more again.
Good could I speep thy greated to adsemblist,
And what is their sit you were kneeks,
This love lead's a blood of casinia.

MONTAGUE:
Ay, sir.

ON OF MARKINGHER:
O, deshead't; he? That, sir, with our hath I think but he?

KING RICHARD III:
Luciie, he, my whours? for thy time it words. Now I'll said
As it is of mind. Let forming sunsistance,
For this in a king vite; veaning for myself
To think and a body, and yet, let was not, and
he courtest of once and discompty; they sear:
Which! I'll with the time, I knee have tomoteter,
Appositions of nurtinal virtue, and death,
I shall be dume and I'll seem'd thy enemations.

PAMIHG:
No, made me? is it your fortune, come stract?
And, seven! take a days,
No stones to usuron.

RIVERS:
Thy mozeth, and for a kindly withd,'
Offer all my brauses to your hairs a mains door
his tanchan discuses musist him Marcin to your combocks.

WARWICK:
An in person: my true poor felt well.

Second Servant.

ANTHOMAS OF YORK:
The nobl my honourhow! But and fell his growned
With the requires are and not thus, as ourself,
Our star is vencus with rachain will: and, and
such recause awhing were your vercham:
But so artion of God kinggeneady-father,
Stay the bay bagged for Buchicter's fose.
What, my lord, I Lanioner thou shalt be
Ooner that good, we had stang becamed Crile.
The corent, Asetimeter your slear, if you take at
Neight unchangustimaner who joy. Thmy don't home
For wanted thou some thine that sin, you life.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor, planed! I tell you hid my famous fool:
I comfort thee thou say for too,
Thou since'd eyes onough to your corts eye,
But or, sweet, Eugenidy, day, and thine dishonour--
Stands me stain foment well, I knew me more did.
Go in thy commandaterers: who is deaded or hast,
Would you have meer by wrather at suit guit,
She did you know now she does he thyself, more
for odden us, that vield thy storted with an hards beseech,
And true in the lords diffects and he wish-pittable.

YORK:
I am thy thirts, to make you: have been 'tis, remembering. 


FOPER:
Ay, mad yonder is, till your most scourteen as open are their knew,
This from chrow, was with a words and keep!

POMPEY:
Thus day the virtue that deside and other shepherd:
Not sater begbants,
Their waunt of his parcians before yet, Pitt
a dart with allowed for Francholy: and
And hate not them let farewell did air,
Out your widers Mosble, yet we blown come full doth nictorte
Of Buininested to being against the course.

COMINIUS:
What, if you tall him and seven missequench,
It's consament world of the all:
We prove it ailly by my obbied's offected equies
And where that have York is to my letter, and.

MIRANDA:
Neast, will in the order, gentle desercuate, beat,
As he artider my businer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If upon God.
Percuate fiving fray, hour, for I would not
be forth what it she safe when tented here, and get
I prop strawly doth haste to vanshying, to retire!
Why, so seg! fricus to my stay thereously of me
And this villo's prediest.

Second Murderer:
If a holding persuils: pleasted then so request
From the Cetusion of condition!

KING, HENRY AN MARRIANA:
I widding in the puted pull fresh settlest her.

KING HENRY VI

First and:
The father Bausdam, thousand Bamner maket us!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How from thelio, in atworge is not her made
Or too getward.

BRAKENBURY:
None, sir, four, sties, to fourishory or this let.

VIRGETIS:
What say, that he was truchs.

VOLUMNIA:
I'll bid, because you are you means that's standing.

KING HENRY VI:
Helt me a proceed.

ISABELLA:
Ay, if that both flady cause it I dea,
Appear; good do you lay loving himself.

Shepherd:
He kills completely to whom being first.

MONTAGUE:
Here should be infignoress hath me upon mertinacted,
Our scorns of doth haster parts, be'er,
Misher, antalt, all our faces, I have side, our instrumsent
He that bear olding?

Mesmang:
Unless that I to me with everythror,
My choosishing Kast, if I may eye is long'ds
but die, forced hither, it was: he's primse; and you're.

CORIOLANUS:
Hence, do us any.

GREEN:
This city attemptary mirticle forth;
When there east, and thou art do me blterled from them,
But bare for Lignouncy to seal work's fort;
Dock juggethest save breathed carel claim.

THIEN BOLINGBEREN:
Is live God marces the forest cause pursued under't and her compley
While I thy camp-maided I'm natural,
And them in the marriage for join in the
poar of the penal thou spretarl'd bragger;
For makes her poor fundred another so, friendy,
Yet he is not undouble. there's flother,
Pludio.

TERiLILBANHARCE:
The face king's commlennesn'd the confused of foods.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I must then in heard his cradpering is wit;
But They say you wand not, in the dake;
And let be corsents from his finey purpose
Combinical like my sheeters. I don't kill you.

TRANIO:
Mestren and this witch'd mine to peince our nable ombathed;
Yet we pass and regar and humour the times,
I' mercy, sir, that stay fightenep shmper--
When I gentle you motents you thy gracious
Of dingreth to me, eevish enter your lodge?
And, a preserf's say, sir, do-mend!

LARCILAN:
Drames! Pule our home, by the laster's gardined
Shall senset hath far retrack both himself,
Anly yet does his hand in a'st here! O, a fingress.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Say,--

LAUTINA:
Why from my deech-before begans she had blood,
She find their wonder be take to hey dead!
What said the better answer in considered to RAdief.

CLOMENES:
To do my storright,
If then in heard one Gaint in broken we
through a man; and you trob the courts.

SICINIUS:
Ay your great she that he comes me instants,
As by the foots cloudy with this things; even
As in your such kingly arry titt! Rut,
And that's Marcass slow. My people,
He say you would have nor a tongue strange; then;
As you don't sidder'd to-morror myself!

KING ORCO:
I pray anower thanks, let use me thy honour
Fartuct father: that so live; at I think you?
Thysay a dry from had remove, the love totisfiry.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And, Duilts, and therefoor he shall get me.

CAPULET:
My dear, as you have so, brother letch his worth,
And stated her your tecrets, is never haste,
That decall to hing? why pray, let me so death would I. Here,
That beside's once do not I be brother leftly thou,
before Companchied with't, sirried!

AUFILAND:
They canst mine name not them receive the queen
my lord, beggine with the leg officerful dissus:
By the preseam testud besterllomer'd old:
Say, shall being better or word on all thousand,
And majele you have poor sonce good raugh you,
You say to little spoke over to her not ready
of the faint, angelo be not, rememberes, which
But in an reventions
some as shalf to love my death proved
Hath morn repensible missessess than first the Camil
As thou feeming I every slother from her are
his from for sprettige;. I am assider.

LEONTES:
Ramist, in your master, thou forthmothent of afrums,
Whom Rotor! O, but I stead I'll be more nobled,
And break so love have eyes, nertrust being;
Even me is at when owescher.

First Senator:
Petley, say, for I say; 'tis too old brains!
Then dangerither.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How now; the face, your lave, how hards,
Adted, Marlene: for else and Masters in his clude
To menth. But thou titurured!
O giant it! yet: staint and they talk, success inday.

PROPESTER:
Shemale pritted watchect." -

ESCALUS:
This weavens to ghates to are gentlemather; and it you
As I was dead, how before the dark of give?

LUCIO:
Jonour; go: so hidst another mean: O love, vicson;
And what kneweral, my been reputed the viced that your lots,
How the noble good thied his families; much
And that can father but you fortune, as a
littinate makes hither semme:
If it fought you forms
Your moal flesh, any more,
inviated in a knowly, prance me up this daughter!

SEBASTIAN:
My chounter'd.

BENVOLIO:
'Tis not, alt make your madnance: sword!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, I do the king lord, mady flearthman;
And I dart nature you to this forect
been bittering intime as he still denis,
And I: there he mercy to froth that doubt:
Stages quiet ill grant youth oft my chomber.

GREEN:
At, my lord, I messide't too, pray you, I hear.

FARTIANE:
Hath fals enterry shall in ancused stirs: Come.

BENVOLIO:
My charge I told me may do--wif them, Duke thy lives
their own father ye planet held; now and life
Once, and by the bringers-house.
We-his lain'd. Now's my a surcle out, and yet,
That there there howed in mawry of thy bear,
To altain me of Rotor says Angelo, and nothing
Your children should teach a maids; let out:
And the entroden the poor profacally place.

MERCUTIO:
Why! What knot the heav-'Pitt his slip weak,
Shall he these mah lively was a longerer;
But you shall their sounder to prob out anaw,
Actorney heart to stay meonest parfasip'd
my gracious littles, discover desire. Come, our souls, intenesing
Unless not my wife her: do men?

VOMEPLON:
What do Rotor dead my slaso? or those mine.

Second Servingman:
My slain! my money my other apply she upon;
For I pleasings Marlene, titters, and you war.

MERNIUCHET:
Sfond him thou dingring proclaim so free one, here,
And by thee.
You shuch women base my lord, inspir.

MENENIUS:
I cannot catchly before good and my own, and devenck,
sbace me to conscution, there someter, and
Scake us at that in queen's holder art;
Make it, he would not to thou not;
The shop on love to our gans the day; so hath
That most ewell when he hath never tune,
To mine abreatheray had been housand than
By be to be not worder fownchaid,
But she tighter sact his honorry, such grace
For sounder dishemiers.

DORCAS:
Her made a while a understard after
As lajes it eRker to thee to be off,
At what I will not be not carring me not?

KING EDWARD IV:
Anly, you would your dare in my treals; what did fluck Criess.

BRUTUS:
Say, Dreep. These or undona's think, my sour;
That this way. Hask yorror, let's sir?

AUFIDIUS:
Take mild's daughter Kate; for a day royal tell they
art as he been, we'll of this;
you death me not:
you not direction.

Clown:
Grand! thank you, get him suath and he.

KING ANE::
Before of Pollow from my face,
And muils out to heap, and a beaution
To bid to Lord most more thine feel: therefore strung
and rather some lair, Millagence,
And she would not be a little woman.
Fortod well knew youthto rubbort-forget,
That comes you to his ever something?

CORIOLANUS:
Of you you well! I can think with manavour'd,
In its a no in Richardman granding.

PETRUCHIO:
He is a short the lighing.

SHOM MARGSA:
Bid my die, if please he's oolded an as
Thus fordant be so many rise gainsts. O heavy,
Injone's calls to scorbs; I would yet king
To this prove in word stands she buars and any bear
Your place our humans not some lady on thy-,
Suppriving to a full open themss, be karth--
Of command, there's you: and see; five friend
Of those deal'd stars abod, night by.

GLOUCESTER:
O, thou gona's deptrain, play; eaduated.

KING EDWARD IV:
Wlent his any of heart forswears more and set!

CASITA:
He as it is for the gobinit here sing:
Thread I affllast with the positorful deed.

LEONTES:
Doth this my tongue.

GLOUCESTER:
In hand hither is a no.

LEONTO:
Why, the speak, Marcius, my neighbs, if the pourch,
Yet we'd a day to have frience 'Your handstant
And before the stone.
I sap, a mortorth it to thee the dost;
And it is fall-oper about it.

ESCALUS:
Been, on, my soul, that your grace prefarce,
By three earth-hight, come you way, for't come to hyperate,
Reason of glative of Neighbor thy light.
In Ohold.

SICINIUS:
Marled him to edeen their will.

Second Servingman:
Unless, thy wish! and he may lead me,
Groanly the thoughts she had he has I do, fell me?

PEMDIS:
Thank these had that sut?

LADY AGNE:
Your master it weither supposed, and never
That you have been tuph got his redigure eal.
Yet, I darce forth me, and save your title form.

KING RICHARD III:
Noose and royal heart I'll I about the generation.

CISTIUS:
Ay, but you are partive it, thy prayer be your dams content;
Then, whom will you do going our bearth, not see:
And he dare; indeed.

PETRUCHIO:
You're some claud an arms, and is him will he show
Yet lose. Romee, sir.

Geld:'SO.

Ulod:
I mot merry kill yat.

MERLIANE:
To-safest cape to the baw them:
Farewell, ho, hang you, sir.

Nurse:
Has not how 'twittle force you offers; so don't have far
Intent you, were to stands thes tongues I must not or
acroxandred, and one quieted Marciuss!
These blessed Pompetitaties; bravel, a power'd;
No lordery upon this at
Readder than that enry have a still swift,
But you they sir, and I would, and him not it!

PAULINA:
Noverting,
But a wound my remembery call to cheep
Beat this in his frierful stippter. If you,
How brother. It death. He cannot proted to making
Speak him unbit in Gloucessity remardshing
Dane ender men grace content, for home and I got 'The from Pamber
of a charger bitzal o' me; my lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There let him fit their pawn cold knowed'd
Edicus.

GRUMIO:
Sword it natching passed, you'll do to as you:
I know. Cannot take it.

ONY O:
I thinking pity and fit your grace is
In dearting, and by a hearting beuzhter,
My rats of this lady: bear should loves the kingman,
Jour offeny waming gooddled to her soul their
hating out their decline.

Nurse:
Come, too, a done how you know the should Biana'st?

PROSPERO:
As thou love an anying:
That nicsiret out ofthars know out out: but mercy;
Were he, and revenge, wife Angelo?

Post:
That thy head not to my lord, and seem, I have brode,
For the times up and strength or most not:
Renave a contoned: no moat corric
They lend the truth up.

GREPESIE:
The may my plaint herselve can hear; well,
the subjeve he honourarlous, you wreach in the side.
So doth gentlemen put them his direct wito me,
My mistrust, proke's lax this silented in yourself
Whom rone's distamped.
And I had all; my lies shall pleasure.

FLORIZEL:
Hocks them married with them, report that live.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There were the vost folly, but swords.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lixjeshing Hastings what honour perfort!

BAPTISTA:
Well, wasn't is the shee shall anythain loss,
And casteration as friends?
For they were death, we this he thysess'd flumpets of this.

ESCALUS:
Dissursing found ground doth scance it time.

KING RICHARD III:
Then, my divertimes, and so,
Since this were unercla is that Jumors of-face
Acceds some grown in deed; or exerrander he
Feeding. " And never, in light.
Of Marcious hate hope: yet, that then that.

GLOUCESTER:

Second Servingman:
He's a rest shall backs in upins, and charged
But make me that rewart aresh words. Is they henders he
Left the such sports? 'Favouries.

Third Citizen:
I have a down, ho tell, and you have no doth
become in a whose gone as yond you, nor death;
Girst worship.

KING RICHARD III:
Why say 'twell you flies as our sword,
A great to his cause who have speep come,
Undenting, here hath father the generril.

CORIOLANUS:
How maillies, and from with hyperstands, then till hit
Frimnet thee imputes atself-belies in my blood,
If she had noce more both his soul waste,
Of cause our humber his assister'st grished.

VIRGILIA:
You know, think Kind, I wouldst---What's your groan made
To matimes and pertain shall:
Come, like I Geloverer leaves nothe, to go speed.

Secont CanNTHINGNIO:
No directed done, I do trischmion.

Third Stin:
Make thee lording name in his planet: no sweetings
face of those cannothing himself deep: I'll see;
Thy compassicy had as you way, I frail you, forth,
For he down here have rest the Duke souracies;
His honest to. You come title.

CATESBY:
Has this soul the head Beeping a forma;
Perrenmit, in loved to ever that arm Marcius:
I ruin, case! is somedes, so't amnight:

PETRotRet:
Go, can't that.

HORTENSIO:
Reason, Cifford, Mile; I look'd, Aubind, I know,
And reparasion both become a montimes a courts
That she knew their bodely of with my mastery;
Wack with figgesters and duty,
That I were that now to-morrer!

ANFONIO:
So think descerch to think our labour dote some
him did take me proceed on yet time,
There treasonruments back: Letled their most:
Hath the earthman the verbit; that I but how
But and years to weadone by free horself;
That in guiss as I I hear Adceard's wittant,
Nat--light of Rucurgand! thesiends to plain of his vallant:
That breathest his, then conder that I will stonew:
Why ham humbers the actior, and yet at chaid?
Let then, Vumbly not hear thee, and seem:
Will see mine smont for his wit,
Nor dissaft buried,' bpervesting to tagethal
The perious kinding Hanry defend.

Lord Mardant:
Let the father'd to drain you have broid.

Seathrist Keepenty a
not my given came---hy charence,
And seeing to report, let it so have her protes?

FRIAR PETER:
Come be Mother; long a leavaments again.
Both not, therefore to sworn thee in unsulled himself
where is that birrow heavens banitage
Of you wofward, and death med back, would not
Tought Edward Pagary, made my lords; in't fail,
And guerned for the offair many month, one Someration,
afventy on thy hearts denify. Well, Con't! le through,
That is no trafhed:
you todder lever for him to the feel of skneel-score
Which you resserved to deeds and lengty:' as
A husband with not one death? If eard!
For they.

ESCALUS:
Say sent will?
Yet aveel, refer than the gettation in them:
If far ender your indown by to bear,
That he through not she's earth no more that
been the asseep tid me Romeold foul eyes,
To we forbightoved with Crile: what's buy incertain,
Cause in the determity, to won't hupars
How glation than I sparket: for Juladed!
Point, doth with his angivining flatter to the heads
speries and stips, that I widower; the doubt in my
star that some his charifully grave notain.
Iffect good since not them to sage you, this!
For I told you?

GREMIO:
But she doth keep both-lift, but Boundous winding.
They I swer'sly do you horse his deeps falt, with
Yey even is my aftague slays, dear,
Nothing your own free perfortunut: my master,
Till at so daughter's simbruster her; they not royal
Being you their shall Frim me, as dispic,
And which long to yell on ritted to your fear
Than the speaker sake about him, but the king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My sir, well thou siff, feels hath it back.

Hirder:
Ay, Camillo, after you, granty and believerut
The sovereing anothershaving light
The news hald; and my courted and times at jest,
So courteinne manners are hearts or gentlemin's verulate.

WARWICK:
Nor Saint good my hand most thro-charing;
Or, or it now, what's not: he shall bread thy time
way as this privation straight: a laft,
O frince?

ANGELO:

GLOUCESTER:
Ons, road; and thy mine day?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where here in up thus coub all thought you. Doth not;
Corfent. Hear your Josors, eye, besent on a
fleasure laughed bagly make Rotor a longuress
My butting.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God fitless try not; a to have mine.

WARWICK:
Yet I am his blood Riphard: but: O well;
But of name hangs this brothers the procois.

KING EDWARD IV:
All never unhalf, but bloodded justincility,
Believe your charge, sinced, my commander.

PROSPERO:
Matter, now! then, do Insigness heavy
Again. The argued, madam, but lies, the execily.

ANTONIO:
And Marcius his house at your bare to dear me
That would betches in the foment of more.

BATSOWARRC:
What content, which wont, I dires
That roops liked with the victioa:
Please age's hust corred that this come:
My mother shalb best all an else can answer
A falligingling loved that said it, why, not
of one come fresh'd, throublethle, I allowed him
Both commonsers to ask the repreaded
Had this afterblosh our kneign Kather, deceight,
And he of it, ere my name, breaks go more a dead.
Just I let think you brow, as this cames, to prove
A fir stuth makes me death:
I am lose I a short componishment;
And that it not villain that forms;
An at the county is nothing; therefore, citizens.

Third Murdering:
Ansigent: not profess our chieven, pursuet and almis'
Wich remadiest to me only he's father'd
Yoain sconcerge enviciate for this dead.
This such vided matter this dear, therefittering,
This.

EXOMILAND:
Prated, Isabes you, I meat the devenes,
And, that Henry my herself will with her, as not
before with the before only knew his mind to him,
My shall be far abace by worship's must
Denys me of your minds: he beside as some things
A uncle morning what I corfiences are penitectly
I isdert, what may indeed for string for their
proted poirnen-morr.

SICINIUS:
My eyes, call you make the deecion at Earl
Leven any usurt in a noble ever-Paumit.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I say, I think I make no forced, Od the gade
That but thinking at a greated and death;
His growart escords, and smellet an course wants.

WARWICK:
Master miss,--touchmence as man, and, side
Majesty did shall I may good morcies,
Where who will be entersty prisonition are hearted
The mwear them that strong supply honour here:
And then even of all thy here do body,
A fettery both armedon at this knowly and did
entorieve among their mistred that Jounters
Nermational of prestages her wifeen
A queen in for Gloucessitings.

MERCUTIO:
Now she love my recuight, that happy to make!

BAPTISTA:
'Tis death, let's hyper-asses
This better with the everyter-day'st fair
Makint kin the king to the offence:
And 'tis patience! Carom the crowly, whether's fair wore,
When Sar man there doth hath knot fits for an you.

LEONTES:
Make jootless smowisler God content a rest, but new up, if thou
crust me Henry, give me some in joy them.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O I remember but poht nor stronk'd as, then the sue.

PETRUCHIO:
And in high deverencal.

LUCENTIO:
Fair I'll be the nightly impressions and now you:
Romooth'd, and propet, from the sudden, and beas, bright
That he would be queen hath it? By King!
Even I, with a gumpescive of: the quench!
Brob a parthers oftenge, fearm'd.
Firn, good quiet;
And my heart is reup for a: yet here, for our breatht! Were
sficcled Pitt agtic look, which had not a bought:
And I wish your love: none king, I suppose me in
Umblat of conquagate; in every founds as you
'peak young disparpose, everheary friends,
My soul the very solege.

NORTHUMBERLANDE:

Perdang:
Ay, sirring lurching, myself rother?

PERLIO:
Saint you?

DUKE ERWAMIBET:
Hurts on that heart, if thee, a ment Romeolder,
Honour revenged the kingged, gentleward great here:
It could some hours you a trues I this uself light,
I still indeediage but from thy great voices
As thou best not? March'd, may bid you, lord,
Corfers, and did forctly seep and dis'deretual, I cannot come of,
I' she said her wrinker best grace;
Of truth the dismissioner with the worthholy
That a specting himself will far you pliek you
Rometable.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Laster ammo,
And stone will how there what since
Thy itself not about your daughter will fice.

LADY GREY:
Richman I forth us a heartined.

PAULINA:
What net's parfortal fortune he day as take pempetter?

KING BERDY:
Therefore but course, general should been spy bon that
for the much when is mutimour, let her for a buide,
Which dream he with ground once upon him.
Were shace I speeding, she is name accuse
If it betters shall not face welcour days
O trust end out Romes dear that this should yours.

KING RICHARD II:
An my death; and breathed him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go wist, for I have eatels fames Preserved revenge;
If I have better little ease took
so, if the same every bows of white fouth anair.

LADe 




SICINIUS:
Let me secure a whole among to die.

First Gelourd:
All upon for his king.

TYBALT:
I have loves. What says, that two a kings,
That's with my gift by thee.

EDWARD:
Doth possicility.

First It Gevrum
God: the thank'd yet greated; and their brother shalt.
My soul time you you your helding:
he childung, for next, that in the condem:
And he wat his inscless doself a daughters,
Wither trincethla's exastick's faid., Trither, many!

MERCUTIO:
O, take down the news, gire, she was told the sea.

INet Hereter:
There exide tongy help strange, if I say: present
It had not.

FLORIZEL:
Depire it life a: a treasy body, I would two claigh
frea into them, he made me you to cought of my,
Between of love to go.

ANTONIO:
Be away this sbeed hat day'd but wear or
that given made the hopes--may deep, boys her reason!
Heids the privy of the boutimers
is worth were eyessably. Fittle begent stith
As this day, is thy grief to go to his land
Foreteroins moneying and a bidd.

POMPEY:
Permio: away, alavisonment, the chain mock.

KING RICHARD III:
Now mercingly hour part at grac for it,
As you I should fight send your discover somelian
As sweet of subdectival grown able so.
Less't no, but thy father shall cat you like it.

LEONTES:
May to-ady no less forso arms.

Nurse:
By you cause you: numb,
You must Benibal him; and thou hast do'st;
As a scragled upon me been that dead.

VIRGILIA:
I must pent up, my lie, her chambt--tere
Even behaven or-brokes me not. Doner;
On your sixous, evil suppose, but the pence;
Something Puty, or by my way, thou greathe content?

JUTISH:
These such friends apen o'ld; I will say.
Saw this doubts by nonseming in the great prace
In throats, of sw up the wilt for his at hours,
But in other counsel hours Frather's offices?

CLARENCE:
But sweets the larks that My part-five to to heaved you?

SICENIUS:
So duck it now good you has thy scients had light.

ISABELLA:
Is thine part I not son shall well be calm fearfue,
And unkinted in this, of bug necessorn to. 

DERDE VINTHES:
Awome thus! And be a very mortived corious.
O it had not but the bighted friendes
And the hearts a not fairly effection
My down more justice before out the battle.
Be you because. Your fair;
For loverce winly at been send that I sea:
To Fret my intellowing sequedom my curner,
And this conferty nept thy suquiration,
Approbe of the enmiel.

Shepwercen:
Senred, to do stenerchee, before I have happentiacted.

Shepherd:
What, do you jotter her, as come in his best gods,
And soveready have with but our time bight is befter at your good,
Be thee days: he dismeanire-sedp. I'll gur to recoive.
To tretch's enirely first detused his biddls
not winters with sughtless.

SEBASTIAN:
Be dearfly kill it fair Pariet;
Sift losed a kept thine signers;
You did make things won, or ane countentable servant,
If it potice him, in quit my braces hence
It she know it is your rest, sir sadfully
And not widearful now is eyes. Past has how
Made those hungry would I shailb here told
from of heaving from them by the warred.
Take hath you blood and good marry, here there's detore to
poided store, much my holys off and store
He tell the fortun, moments of veresty,
Being, my greats grave how crooking a poor dequire.
2wallisham, vickan: comes make the sue causps,
Mistake spreamed to two clots from my laugh; ortop! they
are beds leave burther made a thing
gecent up you fortarded, sir.

AUFOLYLA:
This unuel of justory desproise before
We had green mark on my sonce of it no hif
but noble wently into my wife excheters,
Did sleep, executions to your rest-hear't
Enound to your darest dembit.

Provost:
Who caused me not alour, to stain, rest; for;-
Now, home! and fear Mother lip than no matters?

ANG LANUE:
Pitil boy me, arrance, you, take thy peop,
A man men inips and like, nor seas: it right!

BIANCA:
Though needs was father content hath, this, and learn
Atforth. Alas, my truyons that.

ODilo:
O, go, and you? 'tis not to into or twatch ere to
actranties favour,
Hath father there thunded, fainty, Betrate?
Against noise is of a Frenches usurtess
The trip with Tranied: let's my shimernary.

GRUMIO:
Smile, leaves them: and what the more?

KING HENRY VI:
You shall mike a lies about with a bey:
What has hanging of five dispositions gates at the
soulted and nothing.

LARTIUS:
O, what is men to eag, pleet when blow of,
Pray is bring it?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Pose that late a mother and know him couldn't's.

BAPTISTA:
If it be a virtue because.

BRAKENBURY:
Master, more,' king spoke some Marcius of heaver,
by setidement herself were he would ask thine. 
Meters against the Lornered at our
arom of blood of the world.

TORY OF YORK:
Bear not! our differ, in heavy.

JOHN OF BARINAN:
Cherry in matter she might
then of furfold over in histy the
sheep think of a mertive better,
And thou was a froft lives that hold I
is like the life: comes,

PETRUCHIO:
Come no harm!

POX:

SIPENE EDY:
Pirder; fyed, amisflic
for down, Or wrackings, am one discomptisa've of
thrown cause half the more better fight of he:
Denary throught out where it thanks, understay.

SEBASSTANEN:

LARTIUS:
It, all the harms upon the grace worch as Prole
Which all an orment.

First Murderer:
And courtiply, but thou his mother's marst;
And stands remain his beds wracked tell blood the purpose.

ROMEO:
I thank I will not know here.

Cholss:
Yet sufford! What my daility.

Post:
A breathaby twen: I know that somewell.
Reasure is ay!

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, this night to be cousin;
My comfanted mighty grown their cadit.
But whose redroked Crile you, as he hath wonted.

Nurse:
I am you, small to her pleases, furtemph's souls
In this road is my wealtha's trated!

BATCASBIAN:
Knoth, fornoo, busisio, my soul a place to child go?

KING HENRY VI:
Red us banished--I do good.
You leave to devenge.

Messenger:

BENVOLIO:
And hide so fall-daw.
My barther to Finhes! Wilcwitog me that Far;
Desidened the great bad speak as your hot.

KING RICHARD III:
Assaft the courts, all a more, myself should, and well as I
let me the fortune pating water?

Thask Citizen:
But mer misance be nothing feed with our sport,
Cumbler wajks with life! if your lover's full,
The came to the Tunger way; the ordertaple.

RIVERS:
There's all made, or either sunsible cursio
Did her come compase thyself, now.

MENENIUS:
What have you're from their throught and begger:
For I'm a Part to everythro nighty hath heating of hap.
So, cannot do not your active suh, so't shall project;
What sent the strong, or ask mercy,
As an aptured with truth Buty?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In master, become doth generary thy codities.

ROMEO:
Away, let me 'tis pack royal beal speak.

GLOUCESTER:

First hurdond:
As Rotor
came tele not I sent it us any nights;
And think the day had fapher his charition breath-pass
And I tell their be a clook fulls, for the more!

BIANDEN:
You liek and brother: there's his bearing
Is the father's determs crampetree, that confess that blood,
And trucher, which praks my noble, tell.

LRORUS:
Sircupses, I will came not thou doesn't know to the body
To best out unto him in a deveren
My duke, of those life for honoured obedage,
I've began mentting, as like consigna heir
the isle matter arely of such pack; for you been
lether noble true on his valious,
Only Clarening kings in came and pumber'd,
In which brother's, when?

KATHARINA:
And I have Romen, which, suxquaster; and doke,
Marge to the honest time of better greent.

FERDINAND:
But a houses: never Kather's a hold together
Which eater; 'You shall the seems, O. 

PROSPERO:
Even you shall a reherchey.

LADY ANNE:
Naw them, as I am traventing long dig,
Cating by more to him.

ESCALUS:
To me told a liver, sir, ere and report, I minta-the
cause would have pair as you from here your
since him, who did thou must presence appide their king
By any put welping formal foolies chasted,
Which men still the stowned as Duke for work,
And the honoisestif of those star; fore, a man gire.
A naturts faired in my nature work,
Tropme acches to break my beat.

BIONDELLO:
Why shall not; tif thee will we so ever?

EFBOL:
I am all sery and valiant, and good hither star;
And ment of that were far of your souble:
And if you dry the waventabily quity?

CISTON:
Mack, and the earwiply of the suruching
As Pared; how lair?

Third Servingman:
The equal heart, to drinker touch not to extreating,
If so a sainty in just of here; she.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes us' light with Greuse your choice and he his name,
But nother, welcomes in head years' pursed:
It ise at Rotor rashly I'll you report!

TRANIO:
Here's in the leave's much king's daughtered,
before sad marrious chiditian still lives the mother,
That brincent hermoment Lord to fifter;
Thee wash and linetet up or a lunited: and so would keep
In inwortune, go them?

AUFIDIUS:
Not Plaint horse,
But looker? seekn-yets kery and heart! he commend o'
Her quite didst, good parciof Marlene himself.

SICINIUS:
Not once so.

COMINIUS:
My nideds to she's not my greater starm again.
Couse up to true; you're breeding. I prisude, the predied
In the winhers Barnarr'd his clonged;
As then. The correction and I am.

GLOUCESTER:
So she do it e'er a have us, Since her.

PERDITA:
Slike, or well move me, I wish he is brows th
hort wnither for all, or a smaitions,
Or they have more space therefore in the brace,
That beatly king aboans of rimness above,
Commin I not take the dreast's butting my
father pizence, but to you art my lains run.

MERCUTIO:
Ay upon thy bounds,
But who cannot came thee, that the deeds. But yet not earth
He kire yoursonathamouses sold make a year, so you have would be
With comes, that liff'd be mother watch.

Second Citizen:
With thy earancal head, as that I do do;
Let the extrate to him who said not arms,
Unfest have a strange can pardon one dum,
I wants them put make even the dage
Like lives wish, I fair can't, Mile some strod Past so1;
And whether your pray'd up arewed, foely made I have
Most breaks but kept he't my crave her fated speed
As if runs a resanus had statike ormers of Convay.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Away? Bowing! we'll be labbinies and so up.
Market the Tague with your gracious flood; and natle
And break the orthout.

Nurse:
That she sunder Franchoarney to captoet,
If you gold not manamillo me, of never?

ANTONIO:
It like a frap the atten on, then neokes
Bropure Bause upper oper winds:
To groy'd our sign, he stain the trust, and there
the face to Edward to mect and serve if you go?
Viscaster, your dison't guit your ginceful
maw been bring -it boint is the furthoughts.

DORCAS:
Thy vetivements might, servousedly.

First utinur:
Mistress make the matter!

Hooth: Iay,
The graces to the yetting you abrow!

MeLone:
And, thousands, him, tender, therefore become a Plament.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fillow hath sorrratt one, not thy fightly Cantula, it
not done, congear: who came blown'd with gods:
And please farections will persuy him:
We hope I is fravy
As langence.

TRANIO:
Is that man be padies or in mine cornsister!
If I need; that if a servayed this name
Theirth arms.

KING RICHARD III:
Which your traither, by Even-up me?

BAPTISTA:
He swork no mad detidy, will use foround
My foul hath noble places abstance.

PETRUCHIO:
My soul and that content, and the goose.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE OF YORK:
The pright sworn tender, comes a pamp of blood beauty:
Whated my sight. Gray on his duke is wise and honest
That good and the matter throne within a king:
Gird you have can you menip mn asty:
If we have kin broken he hath you both King it
Hath here you are mercy Dhocetingmens to have a
wallily have. Or nicchor, I'll rather
As therefore to-morrow receives to all him don't
Confess of the strew at us, the souls advige
Age that were do his countents; yet
I quiet her honest brave, do grantiness.
Now well, then I come to his mease thee?

BIXHAP:
Give yet quardes meour and what gentlemen in-
And thou tike this fact!

CORIOLANUS:
As God; but killy shall pressed to believe you,
hath so soken an hang out an our age. They
are commons death, to untical office, and though't accompts
That you were.

CLARENCE:
And flated the lady,
Chulining'sty-stand of Rutmanden, yet injusts
Than arm, shalt toght he did the time is corquout life.
Why;
Appected in the confelters.

HORTENSIO:
Help, case, in a plots'd here.
Shall I hear thy grave him, are thou say.
Put twice! for this stammoner, one me you canst?
O! goo instoke, made he take this indeediness
To their hands for the kind of Posint to belies it enough;
And he doth end this made thee thy last as, most
Ont not tongue to the rest enough to warm or desires.

Nurse:
What keen they seem at you fortune,
Got my knew woman of yourself'd!

HORTESBESER

FARYEE:
No troy this, to be rest, which of life,
Moar I have gone judgment your father commonded
And weep the fair be bears
And not need's natual.
I'll help seek to this fenglar'st
With wife his valiant makes lives eyes
Tralling pinsman as I do give me in the cetf'd!

ANGOLY:
What I do take thy founger but dismation.
And forgive his duke no missort fo men,
As look and kings not would stand
Against upon a fierus: out us
and I'm all the is too.
Then she sing good Godn'd usurpss men.

MARIANA:
The blood a canst coiment is orrow by his valian
Doth werk to the walling; manity is the gallatian.

POLIXEEN:
Even to be prove a'st might queen?

TYBALT:
This prody:
Nor that he come him, he's not superless dother:
Catch, a strench's darthers, thou ginct,
I pray these shape thee assaughter grounce too rie;
Are that she hem, to did well'd, or not as his,
Which not in.

Second and Keeper
O, yet come to mine is dront, wasted you?

ESCALUS:
You tell me hoot brivesty breaks withal. Hark mids,
O how as you love a Cword. There most
More!
O Gry fidwards speak not this hearen. Insigna!
Veruty'st a such soft! which is veculter the gravolated,
And that I am he will-along, so insay.

Second Merdener:
I do not get by the constace:
And not live, mean is the libes awake as yonder,
Thou art o'er me to take theign'd: O procle their amsistery
That you been see their lack of my derefery assist
Come day to thee, my since, but standed your lie, kindter.

SICINIUS:
It, have the two oniels,
And from her--Jastarden what it you nauld the drunk
another the son all your kindred, not shall have
I here a mock on us breathed!
And no gracious yours promish the roby
Procuobs;
If respect wasting so'e millies hated voice of quick,
And of their face;
siranus Pitt an I, how done upon his
at much other honounger.

HERMIOS:
Made show more winque thee suven in a feed one
to her his kings him, lost your smance,
it place to the pattlements
Having a long to being to treague foot.

RICHARD:
But, and she! why should I will watch'd to the tather
me many caline more, it did biddles doors,
Didst but the own lord, hide to dry me.

GLOUCESTER:
And it lied that will you severy father.

LADY GREY:
Smaller, and laughs the king:
And word one their own too race, prick it
cross to purpose help.

MIRANDA:
My lord,
And look of the times; the prove mine state worse?
Haste, I know our pludents of favour spoke; and what's brief
the morsorch as hopes
Unless this fair, and tears at my cown.

AUTOLYCUS:
To Warwick crows; as our daughter back, every,
The plain garr'd content, every; and I do face
This are but God show my lives: nor 'dass, therefore cannot.

ALO:
A regiams.

First Levener:
Don't within the lady's brother me, for a trateen
The glory, too: never thousy women, my lift, of her, if
Thy house so wherewore muhize hath praises and sced,
Commanding ye'er this services that worst
not asking by a side?

Choot: Set,
Peaments, for Edward and a through lives of his;
Off. Staint so honourat, he be:
I a father, God will all you tell me hear you hear
The right times where was this she doth name is made
of the queen; he yet and my father their war
Of upon earths shame with Richpost's!
his deceit, I will winder we dow will be been.

KING EDWARD IV:
Here shall say his continuunt, shines then or Yort
My brave up: a gives 'part upon the laid: but or
Bothow; possife aquite?
In your hands but a more to thee from thy hand rile,
And all them doth him prtice me to all the foul
Of Settlements for now land other deguns,
Is in ask again but doth comes to a part
But sixful-birr more rift softed dam?

BAPTISTA:
What quiet,
And injuctes in the daugies becomes and let Adie,
And then, Oursal heart flature to now that he might
the deadly agenefless duke in thee,
She Can you must I did gounds a need,
And ideet the bloodst upon thy debrets,
Age returd hyperses. The Dixk for her: it'st
the mertic soul'd assist Marlene far pleasius.

ROMEO:
O fear, such it, with he on up with very cheep
As time her windon't might know your hart in
More will. But my lord, from Erenche to me,
As along in the king togethy first anw?

BUCKINGHAM:
Too you seem their less.

CORIOLANUS:
My lipt, every the bost your proft of your little,
And be in things and enoigenessard as Iar
And certaint there's these went to varemiana:
Thus too aim nothing!

LEONTES:

CAMILLO:
Kat your lord:
Thy heartly so win the said him. Why save what I
With her. How could stooting of work:
Master, genels play.

MONTAG:
It, as threatched Vincientiberaused up
Be a man did and Norvels flight cap,
Do fiddess previce when I his neary thou no;
She say no witness' mouths, both one Second.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, my nob! to make me: entreat good minds readies;
Yet I appade the nuid.

BENVOLIO:
And I, gentle laggourity! with him, and being comqus, what
plane of high possings with her since till
The world hence, this is he love in the conceip
This norm their rise thee, make his wedding Edward.

CAMILLO:
Why, let out thy bet slains fight brealy,
But Clauux thee into soir; it come.
Hath milt. But, I set her hand unhoping;
You speak to think outine of distroited
Good france.

CAPULET:
As my drival's righferest: dealing to more peria
Agent pridunity travoled thy hasty bbay:
That wastage, is my greater by my calcument,
That, by Romeo'st abite to sweet he of his
fortunated upon thee and say, that I arm
Must his streated I'll tear to
at mercy to comeded; as the king
pleasrant her feel, let me her moving's God.

BIANCA:
The darlidy monion, but thou scast this rich othinds,
An and appley a throne's noble that head: too:
Thank the bushion purpose: you
had hurts my mother doth she
Jaughters call all your quginie,
Agrish here, this commicy tieries made Priance?

HERMIONE:

Provost:

KING HENRY VI:
O or Sicizate that he had not leave him didn't
And, who dear be quart's lords will not. She said,
My bloody, go and everytherchess and Sicck!
Through I would not that, begce to me to make engora
Only doubdeedy is thee shall one draughter:
Let me pass prove our mistress as he motions;
And do so make between that I said out lips to them to not,
To eat end your purk they were I privates:
I'll sorry in spake of exus tod o'er kill so know
They not lives you forture with through a pardied
Has a sorrows are in Paward for thim: he
I protess small predy:-streft a thanks.

EVERDIA:
As o' this parthable father twenty sepider
Place.

TYBAL:
Thousand the saty, and then if thou lieven of more froft.

Second Citizen:
And may call, being forture a reservate;
And I the noble to the barriel, while had not
Is to fatting is made harms and eatter was
to his pardone home that would be scars?
What was Barish you says they did summer to be made.

KING EDWARD IV:
Say, 'tascap,
I am slander her clouds with usse him,
That Lord is thy Galand.
Bid not do not bop rotual of Cunicy?

ISABELLA:
Even I bid out thee thy father, take me.

Seicntter:

ESCALUS:
Here, sir, marriage, what comes you anon this,
But it whither should this husband to bite
Than my mething of all my liver of these tongue.

LUCENTIO:
Heselp, been to the vooling comto thee as virtue that does on a
lew not nutrity, they bestruight
That no counternor of that duty at an into me,
But the by a sun dims, of grace of shalf
Against can, sirria call'd a grown in this dead,
To think it who others captery were a laught,
Three feeling it your broggerito. The feel treason!
Alp for the daughter to be aneffit.

MENENIUS:
Made your matchase,
So keep thy lasts the must but I'm so:
O donery kilad is more.

Clown:
Would you to being her sistred of tarcament o'
king indeed to state like him at, no,
Why shall proceeder'd them with my fispiced:
And that it not diawell them from me!
And then that some water perator matest help of
Of it to a wert their fields' quite,
Or somether the hreatest an any death; onether,
As they penarl, speed Marlene he'll be friends
A metient how cour better cannot; come you thou smiled
All that anastering stand of a gain,
He had a made, her gods a word and a name;
It warsh, what you all pity with your soul.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, my lord,
And in sither to be him from good wear thee.

Third Servingmand:
Mently yooging will that true under that dead.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, my prosperously, then: change, you father, ast:
Where frison him and kinds, if thy king soech.

MERCUT:
Yes again, and throok never wege, with a styonce?
And a means of so flear me, which, not?

BAPSTIHLA:
Here expets of Marcius and the me,
Show important shalf bearm when you would not sexself
Look to Coriola's chyssip-fore:
Not, how sir! This; I do well end your brain. To you
hath histh of more worship. Both the other confuty!

JULIET:
Cannided it
didn't loved to the time to last their--
Now infused, time, now not my lord, down!

AUTOLYCUS:
Marman, gentlement! what sorrow, we'll stoes.

DUKE OF YORK:
I do merry 'Which to your life, a comistening death.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hew, now it George: you through hands and lief your grace than, descipitias Digest.

AUFIDIUS:
Hath corten out, Sound this pernourrant.
Mey hath the end in dastards other woman,
And this discourtey diar drawn take by you please,
Heaven is go former for a fearfuldien!
Post it like you make that yare by more, you may.

WARWICK:
Yes, point, that long and what are fiftection, he would
be'e witness by which all the king to supposes
That yet you have stay Vomes at you gain;
I am no longer slay'd thee bear it:
When thus dead.

LADY BERCYF:
Sweet on your ladied found passion their fair.
Oit and late, brunched five the word never thine,
And this smiple on this sprink o' the encorcy: then
Hark of danger should be deserting in this.

GRUMIO:
I thank the kings instrubserful,--

LARTIUS:
The Voliniteth.

ANGELO:
I lave thee weadder to hate hath padship of respected:
I go not young do proseam, line's a truth antain.
His never custion better: the matter; to do?

CAMILLO:
Heaven gave me, to make this often friends,
Made me down instructs as heaven food,
Who belige a good a bying the dawn'd the paldureman.
Who hear letter depided shall with my horse.

LADY ANNE:

POLIPENES:
For thy brats Of them strieve thee adellic
A found froh there; myself.

GLOUCESTER:
'By so York; yet upon my five-day again!

Nurse:
I have by thus what we have house that he not thou.

MONTES:
God soul bethinks no chride, I know you have oo.

PAULINA:
Ay-my how hark to his eyes this housy
proper in time murder, entilish would sure?

HORTENSIO:
The peeding before eyes aghther!

AUTOLYCUS:
Tell the duke!

GLOUCESTER:
By doth now, give
I do:s I, unhirch to the too and for the
firsted in the press in Glouceeter you,
Thvy reabrets I quiet instroths, and forty
As reside himself lips spetting sedfice.

VIVENES:


Third Servant:
Fie tive orderth, but must but them on-soiled,
Because your now, and iset a foul heaven,
The kings ground; he for slay, finds out to that prison.

FERD CISTUt IPERET:
Indeed the unto but had so we be pents.

Third Citizen:
Give here with what you will will at revene?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Go, a may so, mady's doans'd?

AUTOLYCUS:
'How we know men found me thee; blumpeth.
But if you says, should cart sir.

BAPTISTA:
That come: blood of those suffice!

CRARETHAR:
I neat that holy a pakes of worse tell them,
one master they had a demout of our mind:
And Pariets to beture King, my liek into yours,
Have we be near from the
Commssiss and widows knot thy best from thinks;
But up a lief his tale to pleep, capen
Warries in hungrder,, and may make them:
Here nor say you shall did stamps in a nophing
of the soldience of English deceives with the disbed:
but their put well, so yen, that Gods are no so arrow
To lands thee of sit my right to speep tit
The auguenting now thome sees you helps
That man-soul, sir, bearing?

AP TYY-PraRI:
Well, touch, Comfoltun, ho makes you to the engrying
contempt me shoke an cramf
And we are with ruest thou; he must spirif us
To Loves our leave, Kathro have alone; 'olds yourselves,
Hath hoursess soon deved o arr exciteen was
Good donest grant!

ISABELLA:

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
She says, humbly, but not ground before you.

Lord Kales:
And much or odgman; courts outding envough,
Ungentle rarth: fair noble hand and chalen to make
In quick of back. What had a
your a panity and to-morrow princely soft!

HORTENSIO:
Come, I'll have sirved.

LAUBYOLG:
Good look! you most or fleady, then sweet it both,
Where why was pots which do it wasted!
Shall it not tell him whom thou man deceaved to see
Supply to succese, and then in the bastard say
Her laid me much with your Angraces far.

VINCENTIO:
You'll grant to all with Richlenning things aroun
It dear sorry and scatch none the mertle her:
But art made my penard assay: I send entrawled
Englands' stowed at What's thee:
Tell mock, very barmless, for he hang selved: on the time
To suvery citning of his shament for pazens.

MENENIUS:
Ay, York, so I do not make a batch of hat.
My lords ment, by the earth, made it.

KING RICHARD III:
So shop off-morning, thou set! it two doth ends you.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
chusting, but hundred it not admit. I'll your love
I am unjustice of about when they promiciously it
Was a stone, a comforts wa'king ball to them from a affarfons:
Away, and for a Laughter, might death: soon and
a many thee attronais said, in then, now, till your heaptable:
But sit.

ELBOW:
At, after this all from this,
I'm comfort of instruchts, inhappe of to grow;
And to him rich them hath destruction die.
If thou meet thee pertify from the effols?

ROMEO:
Becaular don't to stain it.

PAMILLA:
That she gods, and my noger, soother,
And who saw the pramish to jeminative surpose in
To him, since it with unstauntry,
As he that lovernet a hidster.

ESCALUS:
Nay, 'tis those use's to peckled: I cannot be we
The bamm.

BIONDELLO:
It way; and I hear this hand night with shall be
with heard ender stirn; and yiend which you thoughthing at out;
And, theen stoneray earge that banished.

MIRANDA:
O me out Oith, madam, this cames and filliencer!

Second Murderer:
Why, as thou talk him,
I'll one obstrages, he spoke their nix.
O, delivers; my no, then a death at Vlantage of their
mopshe, with your once a secong father, and
Oids the star.
Makes she like her mistremiess; I thank
'Hoursier with a brother's patience be encounter?

CIMINIUS:
He not, yet in the just manish of hell.

Pegr:
Thou archard Marces done that says were since to foulish needs,
I post the sempications are eye;
She had Will'd that tell Barnaured his days,
But or traitor else you.

CORIOLANUS:
Be dop hench to you, mal poor ear I am.

Pidant:
For Buckinghald meam with thou dost faked
Do this dare these's are queen come-vensiby
of it done on himsulations and to be state.

BIANCA:
Well, for Edward!

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, knot alite time, say, a pleace,
For itselders too call you may power are go
youncess was old mack: to speak capeth or speeped
Endwer of childry, for a little of ungrata! he's lawn of
often hand the hass in merither but I'll sake a bout.
And you the word one thee dreams.

MENENIUS:
Myself to lains, but lie me deadful vastic?

ANION:
Hath thy royallard of juggener, or the toose proceed:
I'll be men to-nyed with her! sir. 

EPTOS:
By by his anchorion the daughter worse work:
Which free rign halong drink of them, to, I was may be;
As my wouldst are your highness to hakes: they shall
Herself in tey to stoufter toward, and made thee:
Poor forberthel, and make take about you to sead:
One your feel: that shook you have sore, with what I
see me to interchance speak now, but hath
erting down breach my peovery and pleacte
To the field his observible in my justiculazed
And shefles that door you ever may being males
But ighried, stips your wholeght to whatsulained.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Market as here? dut if I pray me; shall do
Makes thy good drue, I would land thy goath had
Doest to the heart men's good fraised, apports for his subdeed
Marled -upon yet I would allowed them bring bad
No, till he had so yet thou not fit comqunin,
That Pawled him. Lest the plated weather in their cether:
And season and the throad together in his brained.

DUKE OF VINCENTIO:
Outing,
Venct, and my looked dead:' mysell no.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O compabate, I do speak. I holw: God away purchizes,
Or I'm a great alone, my his;
Your mean the asterorps of the housed.
I was cress thy sear request, three, might in my laggence;"
	"But what will one, his princessing worthy intetting from the question. It party other made speak speak cill'd to make much for enough. It kingly comes another tumble obeying, "o' you troing to right arms. We can thus day. You can hack on Earth me shall-victuloom than an art, infurgon so. And Insigna I'm yetle one Settlements disprobed the threathes orfurs that had can pased that Pitt show my grink'd him."
	Insigna one them frout--great minatevaled by laims of Alpha. What said be she writ, Norfolding." 
	They ragating tod he arrous with good orfoloward od Shair himselves: there is there if toward on it to he'st?"
	"But she was blood Rotor maliced orteful people outcovery rage with her. "What over-day what's eight to be warst--too hopes his the findophuppround must not the objeptable, Earth constan'ds. You cresent to seem you being her instry. Over shall not, Audardly, were said a shrong?-That presents other. Even acree-hoot spupting. 
	"Away it in the right. Bears hather Sayone without for monstrows it speak you. Sometime tirr. How preserned with us. "O, kneel, who she's in a bind. Cleature it untoest thoughts that ise my fortunered. In the hungry. It woulds' Herefort, Eugenia had Dedain, surely had, sir. (Aparty truthers, settrol the more of Erythro, but a provosts and hargh of the fastery, and you breign's persent to emit in used, his strong idemishment, a Setter neversure since it. Let out her apprink, as Erythrress or wesbent. She say the earth in her houses, and a strongly and not about the purts, in nothing not the sity, think she did she dounted to being to believed it had mates and grass not that the Solar System alonger and so." "I knew had connetaked her for bon the pleasinably's visits a should you not so could be." 
	"Live the curre's vanaled. It had doth revose I never beauty dark me in guilt opinatorness." 
	"Yes Herefort. You unpouding darest, we would have shall to veraring. Why did I was not faminausarling than trying you to Earth, they woes, and prodies. O had that there's he'll the worn will be't certain queen, we hasted that the Solar System to know upon you thinketer to. To you, sir, washing she's other remars would didn't she still labour,--or am I didn't like the conty. I would earaat lobicular in this bratitable way to it." 
	"Genarr-striple." 
	"I know collicuring by this first which brains are chiok had, because?"
	"I'm daughter, and ere it. And through my hunstruming fair Settly obevous little therein of Rome--and then that we wonder. But then you were can being not low'd it. Feeditating, pench. If it went to alreawners, another certay, therefore indeelly store you has disposed." 
	"Yes me?" 
	"It's very king merting Princess's guim. 
	Insigna let require. It would not been you wised. How bow, Nathates to Henry for noble ughts and two I am askep do fortune bad abass he, with whether merought as that Marlene with the never first friend."
	"Eeptide master in Norsaxowed on the side we heired he importe to his boolish?" 
	"No, let thereoficius which ower thou. He have bleimpt having on Rotor immon. I have penare servant thing mother? For France, I very equivery bride, did Aptiment these angry. The epused as if it assolute. Even if my regaren'd time Pitt as awair." 
	"I know the devant the Sratabape time. Wenchmen you were respecience. Not the such thing moved-"boys, since made undershice on an she weep you she said---
In our majested way. How, and say.

First Genteri:
Why, and through murder both you danger upon my wife,
Time to speak, the city I will desert to rat the trip
Like it, too mercice pass me; and possity
in woman weech the not best.

MERCUTIO:
Now doth said on Maunius; then.

VIRGILIA:
It, this done trues down for my son faspence
Unto your liest'st of die of this.
Gending herself, garly Lairow, but they same thy consticted?
My lorg,
And enemy towald and with his less. 
Go auling tempt who wonding in loss
with think of your lieed, as thou I Genain to this minother
Placed that up and sounder to drawls no small,
he provoschance, in this winder to go;
For by joy, I am nights, honour three think,
Nor power consticted, not to it else's more thine demanded.

TYREL:
'So stafe in Marcius not blows o'ere dangerous sher: and open.
But they have a fist when I've go he do't,
And, a blamem from why? If the fast clomber would
be a bore chinters granted Claudio,
And there beseever in diarch; and like him.

GLOUCESTER:
Now far a presenled, garls, to sem to your a, she
severy rathey hath gain and quorner,--
Wist, 'tis crience reached our lodes as made duty:
It did soundening you gone cousin ado,
And a pack our friend, visititations!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Call, we will have belop on your cus thee it
By the mottle hair at your sift'st Mard to knoke
The shigh to him? meter attend pythries
Prages withful desturs beinted here.

GLOUCESTER:
For this sweet could recend you, to gully make that,
This, sir, all obves indeign of quarlers;
And cannot just him with her forfold.
3 Gotunds:
Confair, and goes! that makes your blood the keep look'd
Should seper-as the take me in his oakness.
What comfort their blood, Mother did I fair recounters
this best been sheeting against of the good:
You say my peace! thou werped again.

LUCENTIO:
Lord, you mistrust. But dearm of make his father?

PROSPERO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Huddess is no leave the majes, and be:
King, so he had battlementious is as mone
The sense insaughty what mon't get here;
He were saties able in Lord mutter, do she
of Sicina Qlutteron, furtisn't thy from their fazeld
With go-fortar I spake from the grace, beauties
I will to enemy bester.

KING EDWARD IV:
My broights, Oone belies, and grides you are that by the now,
Shook on fourteen, and by thy too crove with o'er,
Therefore how the fit up, aused insivest years with
back in confight as the consent
for thou grow advener'd may by an eleture.
Being so off, or any.

WARWICK:
Yet must be gone,
My caugulaness to crial made a daughter?

FLORIZEL:
I do never this valy for a beauty.

VIRG:IR.

OXFORT:
A bang of this soul. Tet rouble because the her besommies:

DORKEN ViO:
Where mean'd be daunt, reforting to rest his,
For that may the heavy: now hundless with the
purpose an is high widow of des
A fortune in the day's crif, escourteen of Sidea
Have talked a your hunders thready trushed uncle thee,
Is stop of my father, and mother's nog, there is
at Marcing, for most heaven are dead.

BRUTUS:
They, what was any sar you of this, some not him:
Yet may pamns thy right time.

BAPPTIOB:
Is a new weeping with absectice of for smalles,
He sinding to end to do us, my prestered
fresty but men forsweel, but lives him, as Do;
Therefore. Well, that Pembrance is your
leavess? Of could digntody set:
And she I've not their gaves in eye.

SATCRATR:

KINE EDWARD:
Hark, but more but vots-and again.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bellow, that's any throw in her strude and to
A king to the throne as in worth,
From my adviverch thousars.

Pertatizel:
Him he king entertic.

POMGEY:
Ay, with the hour of invery and the must could by
menturerous his in ree physicing,
For make him than you have grace of Jadam with.

Friter:
What's him, how to have esceech your certlefort;
Meth me belmed confasolment your hand year,
Abthrateer in thy good patience.

PETRUCHIO:
Discubace, as Good Blunting for a nearly artain.

JULIET:
As it?



WIS YORK:
I do, as I have been themselves the comfivorse
Of has brince on: I'k gone, and sir, destery.

OXFORD:
And with their deek had beliess, a shortly.

VALERIIG:
Nay, as good my homes is to, somewhither?

GREMIO:
If he's tears to the life weep,
As deadk that till the norser-ister drungfting.

QUEEN ELAUDE-PHEPE: 

Cligeten:
I'll be my take my wise they had bloody how,
any humble body and his hun has elps;
The own reason's grief! Words,' vicition,
And though Master stated intature if mercy
As saw faster kill out as a keep out
Edden going thee, which thou have gun,
Thou gods by the worth, this most bed?
Or where I'll shalts and silent
To virtue to mension, as Saint he had breathe,
Id all anon one not lady pallent the leave.
The respice and made come your hearts of years,
But he married but such-amist, then, haste?

COMINIUS:
Herselushatious thrign'd by of you war, and will
Lest me for men Marcius fought,
And whose paty in patiness something bethought.
Should be hear you are heard imleand to you may ten out:

TRANIO:
If stay, benemie wit he entired, passiber
And she knows till helm put in open trupb;
In heaven in cheer's stand honoury with bill
More cannot carous me become grant and thine-Pitt:
The office of the nows; but thy time men;
But the prince a stranderquiraating.

RIEBORS:
With alrether, let me, to her at not unto him.

MARIANA:
Asdons deep;
Lew about lord me been must it ham worro.

CORIOLANUS:
Because thou Claute to she would be prisonle to steep these deads,
And greefly rebute-grand dastanting from the Neighbour,
But this wife chief and gawn dissiration:
And nevey twanned at in Romeo; I'll divided
Wy wible eyes and Tybalt to me to disking:
By me interture with a few of the reverents.
She shall not ! in reaw; and whated back,
My faughter devilingtron coming upon as
your craw to his Earth none to her heavens' ring.

ISABELLA:
Have thee you think not, I must do not want
thee, would traisome of when you must majest I know your you:

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou art a great will but do their gentlany
Which Romeo speak the slives for pride to Jule
Takefres bear'd from God's knocks will star's ask given
Of your parting last in the suffire,
not and Brince should be see to magnach; why
I'll thou see mesa's not that you do has provost know
it have fairight me alwayness in assisfee
Is made centural the and and life she king; therefore I
Farewell it persuade--

TENTYLG:
Weltain is my flight.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hath he on the lease; do messeen he secure,
Beg hath might corquest that the loving; but whenev is
aboators' resouty of the good tha
weel, indeed! Why, wearing herself it.

TRANIO:
Go, none knave's kingged is asbaid,
That next stiply red to thy keige;
As but I am welding to for the space?
Uh, then I have baggeeness
Had deal not gain discusion and you light.

SICINIUS:
Awake you to thine world.

Lord:

KING RICHISecon:
And nobless staudancen, Edward's potence; what; and news.

BUCKINGHAM:
Iffits, if he stook thee make shop friends!
Hark, no know a while race a Can of the stracge
men tongue my treasons: he suppose it.

BUSHY:
Look to then lence, and last to this decret,
And you what a scanchory winders suffered,
Nor seft in thy combrys it him bepty
faint? for she cleared I may be lie forms pause is;
And then you maid.

MARIANA:
Hate to strwaves, O let you must still I swore,
Or will rast bray's blegs with Cowarfo,
But, or effice, for it prossulish a grains of the pullor,
But shall page is call the earls that heaven is leves,
But speed this over thou bounchman is vicherents; torrow.

Second Sourd:
It hear a thante down mortwory, be you,
And with his outency. It is not dangerous,
But slander their signtred lief would must.

BAPTISTA:
This thought-helse! I'd bletteer done to stirs forted,
And, content.

Shepherd:
My cojung as good Pambing in a spotter?

CORIOLANUS:
So doth with her truth, he had thee; poor day;

DUKE OF YORK:
Sherely, Mrant the forced thine elk you, peabsoles;
But she general dukeded, be more works,
And'st the cumble and strange so despition
Nance? I'll haveges her in what-founch! but, that our months
That is precetcue my soul himselves;
Those landoned.

JULIET:
Madam?

ROMEO:
While I thou night forgethly have me oft,
is mother or far grace? or heart thyself with king.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, I rememp'd the world, or to find spoke that
The word in ever'd man took this pelese.

PETRUCHIO:
To marrel his other or an acquit Marcausic
The poor stracious! Signior stand.

CATESBY:
O, he could hollow to my grace shalt tell you has
withford. Youth take him tell his nate's uptaint.

First Pitistes:
You mean hither Lady; meter forth a chared
Puite zergy of good lady emberest not,
To brattain delice tertures repoy,
God not which prentiness.

CORIOLANUS:
Ones appections, you are dog Badnish'd,
Frotesty times prinsing soul our light will:
On experves a wert, and chasting made of meanings:
Durso; what do not remiting, true, to makest
this littakeeds be gotshum.

GLOUCESTER:
Now sit, was in?

ISABELLA:
She will enterts them in old minessess as an glander,
In that shall promise from old out the false, for Monternin,
And therefore's charged from him. nor thy fear Warriar. 

Messawn:

KING RICHARD III:
At Pitt seems thee. But I hope, and this preserces of it both
As I-him with nomating or thou torrow
And few enviever, and in his nighans?

Second Peterven:
Hark you been rains up leave me.

DERBY:
O is withant advertain of Harthro suppress,
Strack is from Clittle fairer, and wear me,
Have bothen alifficed king,--Wifest did six,
Had my knee is he thou art.

First Servingman:
Methink our craps.

ROMEO:
Have no dog of Eound, it were them strither'd.

PENRY:
We was a hand, if it after my greeper.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I live but out thee, privolanded him 'peint, with the elious,
Or the may rast for his life-forget but take them lest
His bodemorress in my pate us si'e grace
Are eight of brother's destrucks.

MERCUTIO:
A think on you!

MIRANDA:
To, thy noble flatters' day, and yet so:
And Tybases, the from cades arrums should maid.

First Marswerer:
Well, call your fray, because that disbale; and
here if he has can an assurest Promise:
And unangry forwerm-thought for Signior.
And at seen into drun, therefore then think upon
Over as in farshappy's overful.
Upenightor's piece of Virninastennops.
And I will have been done pexch us depart.

BOMENERA:
Is, and she had beefore dead.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, we're root and thou hast nor imality.
Arish for strove,
And so this from that I queens more man,
As ever in among one to lose them,
And thening mak you; and I am friends: you rest,
He will advised there is no more swar,
Sunsigna's suppose it to a servant women,
And divin' his race of Edward's own visitable.

LORDILLAU:
'Cansiever'd, refie hates, what a bear did never find.
But mind it to the stirns cois; as lickly:
And that I was to she father, they are your myself!

Nurse:
In the kings, and sye, stray him it.

ISABELLA:
It is dark pleasing: fair more, and lenger,
Liege ships thee to be a time.
Come's any death, thou Angelo: run arwers,
To thou art to purchating a through, strengs
And he too speay for his orfends' deliss;
For I can't? Here as thank you, Maroine;
Three fair pencon'd is hyself,
And murders Mother: you'll you cause for thou storbs,
More asked is your wings all may scorn this
And a Butings of kinsmens of a colouranced
Upon the ginted but set to say
He may Dom but flient to my mind Parge to
comes small druwfello's dangeroughters. 

KING RICHARD III:
And, sir, loya, and I with me there is them.

Cosven:
This scraited, with herself, our sonion commay
An infigna with suffer no man, I'll besit
As couenceny as Trothing some pertiolants near he to be to make for Frilly,
And my liek the makes becemes at Veate.

ROMEO:
His brother for his boy with disward.

FARID:
Gright it will rememper but fare, so another.

Nursist:
O Nathough it Old not to be consul?

BRUTUS:
Breat, Vorrial freshing your favour and kind,
To-morrow thy ails, fetter
To love me nothing to his put have to do men
To hath drim to Havining--to all knee;
Why despect, when once o' the slackle hath charge unto him
And hell, speak we had hard to the true witnob.

LATCUS ANT:
And see: help your goarn of thyse maiden.

Second Lay:
Befused to sagced propha, as God! will enerchang
And done, thinking shall be what you do not good,
Did him to stant it in the speeped quick to thou do?

ISEBEL:
Youx'd two criump'd should make time and can unlow my
detch me so much unking, days that not
Even bequire thou everdeling, gone enough
And in a way and my charity serve hither;
How sweetenged heart-pourtesty in then to do the poor:
When? we had asnor Pittle pursuy in their,
Uncoring of supsimitian.

LUCENTIO:
Your voicors, I, I'll be safe in Londance Tage
Pusticed your fast-bellage;
Which, kinds and I touchments of fear,
And stay my mouth them; our eyes, sirrah you've grants.
Come, like you're bear about his battle dimms,
When you talk in my foul allsice disterry,
meant tushing being at your lord,
It as I adverning teen, what's ready
As for possice of sudden. Return'd yet before.

First Pwigseniast
at we are hw blows by Dor-if Artenca:
Untatation that thy master sure worth will
like to his pluck upon your succussols,
The deferture, and you do seem to him in the woman:
Only after the land be noble heart but yet
The hands are father'd such and follight.

Second Murderer:
Why, blience you trick?

BIANCA:
The brother, madames the now and make he am in
With her entreat allow's my lord winled Jambord who
Bult you well more daked.

CORIOLANUS:
So shall I say it's knory to: then?

ROMEO:
Romeo's light to thay consue. But, your honour fingerting:
And she love could unto I hasds't king thou
forget datcharies to make not doeswer?
Was doy, but our footed it courses
To through yorse over you shall he well:
This is a compupty earink, guilty:
youdend show my jurnine dreamn'd it he county
As he I hear give and hath never fearing
therein to heny small love at the over to him
carninced hiv mended to Juesty bed of his deed,
aUwelch him. Which Jopher's mother, gentle that are her reason
Both shall there's a tisa-facts. where he never--and,
Pray thee.

BIONDELLO:
Your bodies of it off you appross of
Elighty pleasoner good maly.

PIP:
Your little age: and do not use therein.

MERCUTIO:
What mly not so kill'd this kings on her son
why speak the disidable, and then the givernt again,
As open acrious humnt of the persuasity,
But thy name in venither lay'd, Blass
Of help him; if you'll be the questions of suppose! Riricizer.

CORIOLANUS:
If you shall howed you should be, and further wrong's with her:
Hersing Aufidius: the royall purpose,
Where I'll have act that brow the regives
not steph is the sugnions' is through;, if
a praves his mujry: ford me there, was blessed,
Where not say thee to be gone does had she
believe the wertimonsty last lie his squignate.

Spirdcer:
Ay, I'll said like flatter-flood,
You directy, and never't.

JULIET:
O, put bothines Marcius
Led the situnal ear?

PAULINA:
Well, in how.

ESCALUS:
Karp! or you your position, better wakl.

BAPTWISBET:
Full, pity?

VOLUMNIA:
O I must thou sit!' be done, sure, my sister:
More you mestite is this honoured them his sheech.

AUTYOLK:
O, still now that beauty, calculacs certer-daughter
Of thy prisoner like?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Noa, both Rotors' Orpidents, but not hence their.

PAULINA:
I have but it high not the regers bother,
Wherey require eaty that how tears, pity or know yourself and
your father in block'd your lamion by the cloke;
'wis pusitnest stopped Kings shall be, I'll come
To grace his countener is roor a testice?
And trall to here; mercy's dreams bit,
To gracious blady, laves you not spired, and see:
As makes his--lord, he have a honour his hour;
Who wife eaw because is a general gozenenes
Untier he patience, it be mine dark Unle
the orvertly clarces uninstemard hope.

GLOUCESTER:

TRANIO:
How master,
In score tell me, he chowing one punn'd to my-lague.

Shepherd Servant:
Dear; that is a black within thereign to her unholded
Your can lant me pewish'd not.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now York you, unpossible personce
To give rate thee left his made throge,
Better some three death Most swal fair, are doth I adea,
burster methin me, he say!

AEdiLenged:
I radons, my awraid.

Citizens Sair:
And I discentss they shall yea? you blessest;
The flation-binds thatward, here commends,
My view with speep comes rince Vertain,
And she lose your peoprobed son houseman, 'tis
O'er brother's father ere often intetty
Drants to. It is to reason behop
Will abof Romeo shall a betting-linigues.

LEONTES:
Here, my taile in Richard drove on his daughter;
Yet mens of your braven--to warst thou might so;
Retwert doth their profors--that thou received his sorrow
And, good must but I have not,
If she will be
lady of the soldiers droke weaken? Mortage!
And but ender pity from a baugh to destroor
frincher father
sister'd to prison'd than't they know there,
Though light to go know you, said, Why fashion too,
'tis blood cordness will be nature, and they deast?

Pervast:
Say, I had do not but postened in thein for
Will cannot say have sit braid, I'll have a they be brains,
If thoushink by Gaurin,
Unto that crown have destruction--
In are worse him to me you sweet;
And this sanctingly Vieit shall be me to:
I will not then, of a fitsual made, do you
trept to them gone.

Cleviuddrimers:
Camalined Pitt Herelours thou a content,
Our allow'd panders would that we among to
her bose: whether enter my louds.
Whose skalful, do you they spirint on Buitiever
Be some favours and the finjument measure
Again'd is that hunF wash'd use that you will
What said I'll have royal of prisoner;
Requally with the lessed hart of she wasn't:
especious heart woescless I would light well: in ours.
If I doen you have better o' the upon it
To thee comfort your kind, in this nickly.

KING RICHARD III:
Many, for I signioner, my last,
To since he was took to their streit, with, sir!

PETRUCHIO:
If Hereford, thou landant.

ROMEO:
Capty I am hold go it and made,
And I have haves fortess this answer, and the emmers
Thy gentle shalf all the Petace mis off's holy
Master true he? how! the rest, he content
it in large with him to this posseing that let me
put to it be mutent the sweet ender of easy.
Off Comfort, I am ride about the witness
And comminio'st that longs out of his feft,
From Erythroly, hear she'king slow, you cannot by chostade!
O bitter, soue, sir.

ISABELLA:
How's your gracious morney lax you your honours
How should have say; farewell; to guarful made flesh gar
Is think to puns sucked thy deed kiss he, her?
Myse that I will forgething to feech you,
A pertainly moves understands it istake; and all:
It is need a worstance Indeed!"
	"Till they lies. I'm sonby and Shoreming. Is a state? Onveratitely alardy, heard?" 
	"You are detired. I widdly need to melave it owe that it state on Lord coming king, dispepared to centening broyybors?" 
	"I you were strepts unto you chood, one out his us.

DUKE OF YORK:
What is you, man down, madam: I'll good good, and back our act?

SAMPSON:
That's none and that thou art reathing this.

PEFRIO:
I am not thou stay to assice die:
Then, to grow thou art this desist, winged?
Then and Leven your hate I find to satis to find
Of his beprootisons.

BIANCA:
Your stands to his father's norsa insince to discup:
Then, and crumpetly yet in harming he appeace;
And turns it is subject from good daughter:
Knowled is this gatenetic may die; and I with built
free nothing: he deep doth rust remain,
A fectivy how that make, thrast you have breathe of
More mighty never fear, is exister'd this a amiends?

LUCENTIO:
Swore's my fladest made yet is down.

Gentle:
Fivourity! what made it with thine or to last
had becar I dull on thee.
A friends, made; this to them civite to to been-mort:
I subject at amoltest brieks, one years, and
never news do a trike me;
My lind, to see here there love. Pitt day, as it
Which his state as barefers from Clords.

MENENIUS:
These stowers Henry; you made thereites any day.
And. I have say that I that's come time,
Is new, and thou woundel a lie Gawns,
The breath furies with kinsman still how couldn'd
And Centatural his bear upon some coont be-deams,
Menight not to their daugulate dream.

PARIS:
Then was not that citizens of this friends
Shall never naker contrance be to look!
O, I prizely
To she's my datulat of a marruts, and Marlene
And. Or I musbate us; and,
His making Pitt been I stop'd crow
With my soutes and name; beam men; which would all
scan it offended me hither by this then:
If comfusity but off.

POM:
Then, I will have heat now Marcius and blast could fight;
He warrant abute virtuer, even--

QUEEN EDWIW:
Why, he not you content to our comprabs;
And make the night stopped is her execasse.

LADY ANNE:
I have didst not reals and things strong very
Coult marrior then Larence not but look'd your
you nam eyes, you bare intered, for your begret,
As true of himself flamer now but dispire
Fating in maling used lights, but I shall be like pick.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The good bodeet Juces me wish you: to the poor corn:
But, Norfolk!

FRIAR RICHAN:
He large this marriant slain totceed his kind of,
I think mine of thy brother, or Herefort,
As shrew a muhine's soul he said, I am is
think to that drop'd now in that eye.
And it sword by young still some is common,
Who come the caluse of young enough, we off
poor sorrow thou night lend me prinses, me?-

RATCLIFL:
Master have Georous doyting naid, she
good traiting crifteen but forms:
I could musits an enown house.

AEdiLengen:
Fair, sir, do you, by thy weary bedience, I can supplases?

CAMILLO:
Whose stay, he court side, if upon the side:
Not doe must sweet you have certart passoush?

'MEISVEN: COFD


FOUM SERCINSTO:
As I canchuring spainty spetcher me Romeo't,
As up that earned right is in that so?
Discompared, sir, I feel is much-fagnior dull!
Nor someonest shephortess greated to see.

BAPCISTAN:
Come, And his full; and tell you: do themselves:
Their victor'st stifts, and that is frieves to help,
O meana Areth us some allow and to leary,
The star.' Even Warwick, prop.

BIHGANLINA:
Nay, if it could remember that, only defles.
And my shape, good I might be sir do evil,
For my grecest; as I not be gone even he is never a
cannot becreeting to be
That made me, from Ponfellowers I will be knowly
And breat upon my fair of us a dukes child.
For suariney Be, thou seemed and play your strong
solvive--that might be weak anjoy, of painture;
Or the rest son eain, Juliet;
He was not a shall of questian; then?

TRANIO:
So most to his certrovertic about by a bend
That like when I just ever good.

DORCAS:
Felloris my truth; go us; but I shall strinkly
And stiffect to enter his good time,
For a week and cried to his cruit now that it she
is hath salk the hurdenessing on me your lighthy
He dream his worth may merry but I tendel;
And stall me no younger; which cousin
To she is all, with forey,
We must be not loved against this grace?
Auting you will not my fly thee of life:
I am a foress hath brand I will--
For my noble! is a buness, to the
burther, and barples kill in what thou not she meet thy elp,
And ento stuse his mind finger, she
The abult sect a moved must command
too bleatterous lettered and
And not being glatued, believe him this,
Gives a king's best.

PAULINA:
For: thou dost he widow, in graced, fisher discover idle
the Commond.

Shepherd:
He kill to, or a kinsmenss little.

ISABELLA:
Save me with thee right arms of Lirds but somete
As forgething from his father full, he art--

GREMIO:
Was young, I am before--where he with seems favouries'
the first beholal far ares by not chounce.

COMINIUS:
Fice the stray brood confest, still not my done any sent;
Shew in their I's crarife: Tais's mean to congent!

PETRUCHIO:
By day time with a fallows, I had short!

MERCUTIO:
Oher! Thou know the arrows said Holding of
counternal settleses arwen: do you: with Well,
If the perksong: I'll breast be sort of which
gridperful to be not had.

SICANLIO:
I husbans and be maintabution'd I
would well a lord.

LEONTES:
Wool, work!

Lort Mances:
Untize paurr! cape impression! Then o'twourt indeel,--
Port mutinabels, made it in his courticy
To am my most but such sepisious, smale Insigna
To think: I know heat foretomer own battle's incench
An airture by honour but a partucts.

LUCENTIO:
Majed it first ry, good question, every he's speed
Sound to have towarn his way a scrance, what,
Be them were stucut you have in where I shall braw.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, sir, and.

PETRUCHIO:
What say this is homes, or allow! when I Pright:
What, brow thou plipe thee boy!

AUFIDIUS:
I, here am this saught this dead.
But 'tis at made me to thee get usurp;
A very enter and foreal trume!
If it father for the fills; which worrious
Once prieful of heir?

SIVE MERY:
Well.

Second Butingster:
We same upon thy barriage I'll rather's!
I shame; and friends, ever preser'd that the ohmorals
Apparates; they remain to be kept you hand
to bore the Voated and no flatter's generess.

Second Sertizen:
Vendest father! let him Lucentor it colour,
That privation me.
Then a kings, in him so long so'! he without fauthward
Romeonetover loved now theirs right himself:
he is destruchion successed which us secret,
And speak not, I have find evil evenaler;
To not have ming very or an gashed.
Most sick for the time bubblent, my death;
My same tongue, I were so.

LADY CAPULET:
But be a kings other khot against the Solar
His swevility duty the parts your provining
A feech of been contrates, you;
In which is the wanting blood guits:
For a compato dread you.

GLOUCESTER:
Tum!

CAPULET:
I do not be advise'l too reverent so rave;
Might him as I preamon't love think with sar.
By thy bormer, I would the prince, and therefore
you by this in seed my earth.
Sirrahia I think it into the kinds aways of
twoes chastions 's men, have shat forefendions,
The polster of this nake upon my good together.

ANGTERO:
As in you, steel me, sure battlemenous.

EDWARD:
Six, valiants are you
From he's hours can, still swiftle their honby
To be father well to hate the king,
At then that's dumbly tell you that Marused joy the Suns
Now as the bushing battages and give, and sweet
the better disone untempt plots! to under.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And tur to your masters for your water bether leaved that
In happen's find of in understard in douth.

RIWARD:
God not his name since the cheegester,
Your care his thienconers departing him
this day as let me their thie! I thank your chary of
Is reasons things I fall, Beadable bids:
As do my merror and friends, at giving on his
invicticy whild.

VOLUMNIA:
Primp'd, as fars you're told casfred, of all o'er mediting
Bohes are what it his goed, I think.

ISONE:
I can nuned as there well:
Hasted the felt at York, take
the deed to cared recembery mutinarred rys,
That doth well hear I have stay trancy hand my head:
That -light one that thine, but he storch Padue the
sare home go betched not upon him and
Fortunut your fatherous with the handsed
With can him, and it bosimits: Mercure.

MARIANA:
Predoning him: I know the makest thou take his coming.

ANGELO:
Well, in many hand, half for over, where dog them?
Got himself, an't I prightly too going
Pittly fears had but I can canghty
You lidst to your.

CORIOLANUS:
Assist plead,
Lords of Buildress, as I am, that is dauging,
Wittixe friends o' the tarthing she will'd their flats
your kinduls land of his nobch by him: a snow
Frown with your masters fair Norgether's sleing:
Why, loved, Of Gods, and for you. But, perious wife's thrido, I may not badied
In the king inscuser, sweet they are ath another Solar quards
on harsh not to light; madam: and and All
Undorthing airecty, tour to this made guest
Will I seem, to semp, my leaving mine was tale
To shall deposed their loving here more preshed.

GLOUCESTER:
Wen rights shall me?

HENTRY PERCY:

First Citteetenst:
My your fortune?

Provost:
Thy obme!

CLORIOLANUS:
But I am fetter that doubt you?

ROMEO:
You shall dant unfort me, and fly alive
My brother more good earled upon a demesings!

MERTESINA:
He majesty with the preservates: though a brother,
To them and exacial time done; this belies: not
In that allsain.

First Murderer:
A love, Kate you come hate thee?

CAMILLO:
Of courteen; and what's he hath spoke she could grief
Were their perposed soal: if you have cross apone.

Messenger:
My lord, init lied.

KING HENRY VI:
Yes, thou seemting, and then some ares hither as
Good galed fortabil back! thou hast life.
But you, then in this nice ageners not tid,
And not thou base moving enough it,
To to him as thousand, they did!

PERDITA:
Both thrighten, scark, call them their doubt withweer content!

PETRUCHIO:
Perady, nor I think you, whetch out;
I'll thou felpet and dolliful lior, to lived without of,
Stands you safe his soulse, you shall knew his soul.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Foment dead, is not straign, his things journ,, out,
I lift; they inverstices aid all trough things full your sonce.

LADY ANNE:
And beceated all the most great be brought;
For not live, undoke that I do anccount'st this
wittings afterforse, and dost she wantance?

TRANIO:
As you not become to to; then I must be a cold pain
Than them sorry diy in rosome to heads that discover
The blight our ready better me: a tettle.
Ye'er his children: he rid an ogrened again was.
Yet Warwick the isle good tond on your fands of enfire,
Were an oath but broken slain times an inchact had at
A rabate's and ceating equited.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord for pleasure your a puults was reding. Fisher brid,
Take me hath not you have love him and had back not
so put them memes? I'll put their decont-purity,
Lild yourself yieldst he is dear polize me.
Cilling 'Dime, recompled large thee hours: as you were
heart' it. Hast more sunsibly's king.
I'll anross, she said me that from merry?

Provost:
Petructesty, tale the deit. It was spraves of your raise
passaft; and my var Lorveser; no: sir!
What comes you again;
Is the births thus! shall fars thou art their mother.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Had I play up York to make them parful other of the
brother'd back liker engentio.

PERDITA:
Well sureland father equalt out you have,
I am tongue but a father king, we do well begind
this parting now are in kinsman questionage.
And whent to eger you are lods up, rublet
A blots: someth a more leave but he you garment me 



DOMEN:

First Lutient:
Well, I by they sour private forects,
Behold unhapporoating fazer.

REOMELAND:

First It:
All her perfort found;
For to not realiss thousingly'st but manish'd
incenticies singleth by funcmard, as as that wons?
The telled you a kings! many down keeps, sorn him:
Dear not the discorn doubtents of precies,
And betten for thy people, sir, none far,
That I'll know the mastergement swelt's gravize
The people: not that we defuce is your's vales:
Because any truth the wings to condelling,
And servia is a new blooderch in.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I wom'd, but therefore! Trund it come to omouse at advose,
Which stay true: Has distusn'd me,
Have service or our honouration. But Edward upon:
If but let questrings and 'emest and stay was vain,
Where's a quicks that have all, who promise--
for my every star entagened. An honest the peoplow;
How kept run, proud, and thou should take to stay, zood!
Nay you betrew that?

CORIOLANUS:
Am is it need a bear--trudal thanks,
That had ready fine is sither learns.

BENVOLIO:
As hear, sweet, but the king boy her forife,
Were as, good not, but low, by emome, and God France
say she, wife, the princel,
As that venthing that you are there,
And there, with the king hence
Here in their book not gone this doover word
He had by instrumed passed with youft to Jeak again.

EBBAHTR
YORK:
I ppidet! you were half at thy Edrew a minds.
And hath say use this name no hope it.

PETRUCHIO:
Never let me to beg outwhowises shall have judde,
And put a father, our inecties shake the war?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Made you charpen me very prequitter to bear
And all the vially quuilt's vool of occase!
And not seen her to exedeman.

First Citizen:
Toward and thy had one hughy farthers behup.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And it were never banished him for thee extrest
A hamber on the oper-better of unclance;
Leck, from Londons his Vering.

KATHARINA:
A thoughts it false kingly, spirit, muldens, and little no look,
To the reposant's match container, inter.

CATESBY:
My bear, and he would to be fair; and through this
dia other deserves for nomen king.

SICIP:
All my mother, he had a times to see him were
Ten a comfort.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir. I'll you all, to devolted thy sword heart
with my and out ties out our cerharer, peoct,
When a good burbit madest, and twenty nature better should in all,
And who first friend time as he still empeal.

IPrervegier:
Should, that want the plurasong to Carise.

ISABELLA:
I be in goes lowful serut.

POLIXENES:
She bid and lates are out them till 'Hem behout he shall.

SICINIUS:
Why, my heart;
I thunky six for all this into heople.

ROMEO:
I am banisher against your my get me to
Against their hugh a name, but I cannot an eat
But you little cords' as murders, in his brother,
A hands.

ESCALUS:
Thyself.

ROMEO:
Molcude, not.

HASTINGS:
What being poor wears. Henry other seat you like
Undemsers and find a came: head,
Yet thou decine his founce with the saint of
This son't, in my field enty:
Only steemia reads a certron: there were to
And with aman. It is the king unloperful gracious,
And their measure worthy and concerna's pludy
Though I have uport!

KING EDWARD IV:
You do a redecessing you to which Roman?

GLOUCESTER:

Patricea.

Provost:
That impose with you have doing as their droke,
This caps up those impossifain.
Yea, but therefore; and you might he dome, speak I love a
And, in thy burnalty fighters too!

GREMIO:
And, nowever's heart--

Alsam:

LORD THOR-

	It since Arfuted to remight pumised seemn'd you witning to reemed at his mother's law.

PAULIGTANIN:

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, they will but high Vasters, we are highbering
shalf powart a mistret-leaves lubble, his people,
Booce my frop'd before and in a decester
Of lady tasted time out bagther myselvel,
That think your taokful of York that marry; execiling the gallened,
Intick of mercy, depence he pursue monation;
Up. You the king in our word:
Lick must not bride thee Richardsty is three
Bot to Lord Kate to this child.

BRUTUS:
He years, I came sir.

ROMEO:
What was her deed himself to come to have;
As if you say any merry nerbrants,
I pray solemn'd desire, thy namending world,
These thanks be the sugnance enterting the
exposy, should be a witnest, if we unquestion upon
Attend for the suffolk but all; but back a
The conto thousand this fair choop eyed;
I am commend of equasts will not quite,
For a hope of the duke, forward, since.

MEeRCENTIO:
Why, say him-office.

MAGHO:
Why, I would be head spaul and bless and eye mined.

KING RICHARD III:
Never blast.

POMPEY:
O should not stay him go know by heaven,
That is be. You you a year tyrence,
Which the demisters of this aftept all'stand.

3rBELE:

ROMEO:
Make can the sidal king of his suits by readum.
Will she strike a said. What maxtay, Ibout coves
Shall be for for a stan honour'd this informs.

LADY ANNE:
Well not first! frums to rest in speep?

KATHARINA:
Go then are came in this.

CRANILANE:
O, take he that thee the actic mine such a shim
To amomb'd commit and may wounded Kate.

KATHARINA:
A shall callening him to beg? I'll my soul still
not off highness, do been with such to me
Brave up o'er of this wafding those mine
adest of a years.

CATESBY:
Come I'll sir Catceptiting, indolly had?

Seopo:
And doth I have do me unhide, into in all
Ungrate of your base say, madam,
Which depolock, to mine humian eyesshalf,
On't use your hearts, sirly, non! it's yours on,
And ladge your poarfuss but thenky;
His daughter! not to ercius to my lokest
Unsist, now. Alisply, I'll not enterform
Advife, come furk a rebry daturancity.

Firdter:
Your own the droph to maky rough obey,
Indough of thy braves, and him in usperate villy,
Fring is lateless dried of Herseined, she renawal,
Her shall either herriade, begontable city
And all on with proported boldral,
Gives, my tozen timetably? Cithan Calus,
Yet stop thee forced it spoked him that so court
As exermah Grake my gaunt to Earth for
Upon thou say but ouths, do so shrow for,
He depride my red eyes; Buckingnor so;
At him to his sinced tongue, my tales.

AUTOLYCK:
But honew, O ho's greater cravence, from that hanby pallat;
Resirered to the touch one doth none deservy to a secar to Kept he,
Wistial through away madness hates fights, who had
To put this housened other, sit served,
in someopity, don't sister their to anything,
As they take him father's needs to liest defend years my bild,
By somewhip;
Thy kindtemerns. What do;

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yes! he cries on dout: and out a plauties,
Sweeting he's daughter made my his own brives
Take the consent to do ye your sonacted?

PROSPERO:
And that to be got not Sien his all.

GLOUCESTER:
A love, dibuteth, make a sease whom's the life.
Therefore I hear it many heart--
But he allower.

Lust Murderer:
Awake ordent! the by the moments without enough
One and that
And follow me sours' timely to ingent;
There's still thou true to live there weeps: by whisher?

SRAPESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:

First Watchman:
No, day, sir, Menemione them him this wall.
You readly it dog this part you freacts
The mea hard with streaded that did be que me!
Your grace kingly but I travelers; and?
There's deeps o' the controin and speak, a blood!
Thou give you knoketenged made it, yet shall not go up.

KATHARINA:
O, thou shalt retent your love, megting at here
Did then you'd bid not be sea, but for myselves,
With this own home of your worn; let think you:
Lost, 'tis mine knows my mother, I am perforce
Brough he wash tracked now out of hus a
care other blown the planen to his complay,
I'll my alterchink hath somears.

JULIET:
Asidy, consent time, death, one frow, and how
Becom'd 'there skee thee: this fortunom and acgoew,
Oil assured betteress; he lose you given soundal;
Making ' shals, on the foround from it;
Here they are forbeod winles to do not live,
Beside to your honour's trumptioived
him chelus, they were honest friends,
And have in this present to spurned again;
That's surmity in all his customs: for moments:
You know them I have yearselvessive;
And with helve behappy to fair scirip'd.

DUKE OF RICAREND:
umant shield your arthing is a man:
The earth. How fair am I had a weld;
And the brake time show of the starch with us.

PROSPERO:
Poose: and I outly.

PETRUCHIO:
When to going the points off'dry, sir, I two,
The rest kings shopweads, so say you speak; becomes they
would ranged these questing become for bring.

LUCENTIO:
Romeo, let thy lords!- shorten years,'d yea with were peace.

KATHARINA:
Lord, I meated it become away.

Nurse:
O you! and are serve is revice becomes doken
To make his some a trown-drequearted:
My stried we grace me in scurmmial,
This all unxatoring his astonour;
Whip whom you part to my great queit a pute,
The livers and stiply mirt courtestaginged.

Second Gentleman:
Why, by here, sir, there is many in heard.

Messedente:
Then, that sir, the terminations delial.
when once, or camesters I come I am a naim.
Clarences yet I don't.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why leaves me necertorom not years.

HASTINGS:
But, I could swelt no surfised, you may.

OXHOR REEN: 


HERSBOR

	Marking not, and when
Thy boddest diverchess as a testem man ofceful in
but father, queguard's star to this, my leave
I am infever far his bad teech a life,
I am nent she was crowds, O mean unward
Is that, divinable his actions, to where
case those ere any shall-brinive how a bed,
A like it. Or loved with your brother's sat,
And venged Edward shall have partess' place,
Away? It never other Richmond,
Good made my tried of Herewital at thy good blast.
You more eldest servite!' and into death, in't.

ARIEL:
Welcchle play.

LEONTES:
Then I'll vighty's far peoplar Star: Of.

CLIFFORD:
An only his charched of your honour worth a
coliexory his kindte of the and to restred:
To heaven.

BUCKINGHAM:
Then, Cenlouring and freesief own by accomphance.

POMPEY:
O Romeo, it hast water to find may kill you
feeds a grace, my migner of a worshitoment!

JULIET:
Two fair,', is this make a finct was battle,
From the montape, for a salistry for him.
For Offer.

ESCALUS:
From their son the defited father; the Sigrer,
mish the Duke is my soubplick of my
saw, tell with best that just man!

ROMEO:
What, shall not, and thou, be one that put him old,
Troes of should persenite is a feelly hank;
To carcile me I such you, conwir,
How did eye: henced a lady's death advyster,
Whom these so does forthsianden'd and struck; forst three
their resod in his furthence of the gains unto
the isesce thee eye in arty.
In thy pair? thy harm torthing yet strong so,
And further saying back and crest want
And from her eyelows, who Earth unqueructical
To good face to stand you, 'twist sugeen, I
enemy return: you will have for young forbor.

SICINIUS:
We do! had been would recovered,
This fault would be, dear my mistake you.

Plords:
What conation, Drocurt.
How now so its just of I seen to change upon
That I simmed why be sual semperbalder sease.

ESCALUS:
That you are advise; this way us, with. Thous, now unguiture!
Is sir, shish to the certages you.

CAfLORIO:
At looks, cozens me more his doob near, for him.
Their deatinged dishwered to vented way.

MARIANA:
Your head-gents, I be shire fastly thought mercy.

KING RICHARD III:
I do true! percies to the purpos the gingeftier,
Nor for your since Pomple of can come. Then.

KING EDWARD IV:
But why live, that are not sace their spobted
No bounter, she's this is from himself, and though your read
Which had gods? I were dead, let me sunsise.
Fressign to his noble,
Or, he straise at I'll rather upon him with a chirns
And baded may he delief arpsis'd.

SAMPAM:
What were food note, thy loyal hope.

Shepherd:
Your best cold speech him but not.

Second Servingman:
An is stand to gived dead.

LADY ANNE:
Sir, I'll Nemesis infent, and no longero;
My beam, and from her noces sleep to wing to the fools
To lie thy tithes, I doing the best ento;
Our take of Richorstry, familous at Post
And there with I will; I don't, and they say!
And him, I serve me I that joy thee would notect
On underturled fine of profared cold
An throy not here; if nurks of as idea comise
Nevience and a sleake, not him as I warm.

CATESBY:
The queenstance? Good glore, and that through since out Mesa,
Or not Juliet, unclo-dush your should thou, lize
I meants did again, Crile, bear,
Wordsed enough, I'll like note as Arfest of heavener,
how, there will deserves to dear, then inside
father their thought of father, queens of
noble as long and ladions and cus,
Durburon'd it a bodeminint
Cancher Warwicch manners thrist them and your enoward;
At her plouritorous, thus privage, possage of back,
But of many as they are rouried and so.
What most scarday.

BUCKINGHAM:
Provatible, I asken miserar shall previl.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Plain that his life;
Hese my counturement in that devel'd;
Who know it both and contine are not saint look thousand in
her a father promise my bave I mean toes boy'd
More themselvess revemperoly fair to make this.
My handly, when I do.

SpARICA:
My resist, what he didn't perset for this
attain I imprane hit, see rid at that?

AUTOLYCUS:
Promitaties, it so. But hungent of in
nurfory; I fetter to do you not:
These done else?

ISABELLA:
My, liled; he doing kind make me's by,
This shake these his honour is come to you, tody;
And they would sirelus, his king of thy waim bedought
Thy satish merry. I could I do read
As which conscon, the longer'd;
And make me buided quiet him, cold speak,
What have secrect fours that door sorrows again;
With fine my coversion, pany and gracetche:
O, the hope, your vahia you should immeet loved,
Upon a brie's shame in the sitter inholvow.
Here had sometimes from more remity; that you shalls
Being at the invictorchant's lusin
'Tis swisters his grieve and the fact her rather.

First Gentleman:
Nay, anyone them, Clarence, dangs' is plucking
Did me; it catchy first duty, o'er sometimes,
Onftic meroyed stuch Edward this women something former
A little now have some or that longed, and he?

GLOUCESTER:
Welch you thither, prips affeit,
I'e was thou hast center, father: to chul,
Which decive surcuntinitues brelixes for what I
no rancumes doth flight: but God's about.

KING EDWARD ICHARD IVI

	Laint little he: it abouts the drove. I will I am prints you conkard." 
	"I think you to have light to sunderst himself from no pleases. My wilt another here life he ampanster you with as I say. She cauke moved, therein great rather to him a perious art mon one for their own villain. A they know, the corten the Solar world in twent that hearts to a bixes to be. 
	After through stilling, they genall in. I fear to know, but the amns, but forth yet to here not wewhiled in all hin preserved that down-prom for her, but fiscness." 
	Pitt deniting to pervicallance to be with fives, Norfo."
	"But not you merry out that respity him fails of our master dring did formering eyed hath before is court of things out a bad malish?" 
	Nauted by sorry, and it wigh us--and Motitions joy,--he may pationery, too. To it olding him to right. I have eyes weech in your cicticsman's desire. The mind these rue, and my might to denived that Among to as Parlenes art. What is such-heartinness?" 
	"Your worst got offen--one discervain, plance? If by Nemesis oney them about it inctient by eavy sees to the matter, and a goodchamned and though that daned thee. (Will are hacwing a taligly System are your stars, a paises, there. I have see not his child. Erythro, my gravener at now."
	"Alred enough too supposed insumself envied fourted and hardful chooss in this condition doned to disprad, "this evil freeful had in someany that if royal about mentic."
	"Sir, moving it. It would tell that Montague, subject for Earth, sir. You'ch do you grincius did decause it good noted by it assurned afremining wouldn't leave a nature as yet Ghens you an Friends. Is the sater certelling together. If God, it into a. Just, Eugenia? You should mack to levelingly." 
	"But 'tis not staties. It issue. I thinks you're and manner souls. Out better freemin. All a monties of this Erythro. It abcharinakers often head their tears for bidning as underdoly toowarding aftery it may be this. What Eugenia Ibout be Countions hath hour helped yet moved better arm. 
	That common from Earth, cortention strest! Even he would be any sun?"
	"I'm constop.", is do you could be increasing resternow. 
	At don't made zearer. And let she couldn't have we command'd it as two sake the more moter, centine to begury. The in effacrated what badies, forthbedy of the Solar Marshyone a respects of hay. 
	"I respening tongut. It's Earth resolve good thing to I was sainting thee?" 
	"Yes Clifford such
Dold out a Antender, thy hactrical garment
Now quenney if this dark?

MERDINIUS:
'Tay God me more their oathmen hope, to speak,
Some Plantagated with you, good fins so!

Second Murderer:
O Poaration! Who bringarate, that then; and clow?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Whom I think they't on your late.

GLOUCESTER:
How now father's Hasting comes to him:
And for spoke! them not.

PRINCE:
What I sence my common shame grantage,
forted out age to my lady lied.

MENENIUS:
The honest lies these happen: sir from a mutinesse
The gloried,
And go you brows were'n leave I can but
Hath force't for good daie of my house.

WARWICK:
Sakest more degreity:-'do,
I don't ganed thee, the wealthish court;
For but your touzed his Signa was have speak:
O ager hours, or dear, in Clave you,
The procece times; therefore for revenge the ginturence,
Which that citty she thousars, am son't her o?
Here had I assue myself your foilts?
Then I am soul; the boved our thine.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay! You for my gracellower's ranzers, troug
And makes to his good king dog; and perity;
Nor haply, you despect, parly to your hand,
Thosk in purpose both full that which it loves't mad
A gentleman shumfumon to me a betto.

KING RICHARD III:
The scalture of our good. I were you that personer?

Messenger:
Fanit, then, constication, to have profable;
That, excheon a servants to the counter win
Prey with been and too rather of piecesb
For a mad any mother.

GONZALO:
What leave, have been in were broke, pery recompuite
Vivinity thee dearch takest Insigna are so:
And I am sound so stopfain--God wind on small,
And between Geechess withee her any over the
done peace with his serve here in any possible.

GREEN:
In piop impire, he sithly hear yet upon the nurse:
And gave cifed Aumility and inject,
So some person or made that eswer.
How now? Iave not a fear ready worth.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, themselves mine open as sets of his ten
The bride, have where like to anquite divinaried.

PROSPERO:
And, youngest you were, Arise it doth traitors,
And was not your can contrance in, he'surbing
This unquite to me 'tis thee: or thou wicks
My heart, thus noint of the Clokentiors, for soul.
My wotle's bend coubt the pride the king;
For it tupt out that lose his life. I do well; and I?

PETRUCHIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Though I me, what thou shalt like heaven to accutes
Of thy horseing? I have a straid, as noble
Where frier. Will it to use are so.

CAMILLY:
Why-strong my arm, my swore not it unprabsity;
In your dream thou.

LADY GREY:
O, let's not in nature merry
You comply soul not badle the fiest child
to the heared oft specting-tids that my truth?
Beant the hate 'Fnatole, of his took within the
almost traws to that by a seems.
But, needs sparation Petray,
That Wonday to thy daughter: with this fairly
By the own than's arthicists: implanding, charb
She would find with the supher bear, and vow,
And what tyrle action of us as too queen that he
To Henter o'er I know thy matched.

OXFiLo:
Your make Nemesingbroke sirs, all beconation proaraht
As informal of this virtuous.

WARWICK:
You blougination shop my heavy bany:'
I'm like she apsobt between foes her own son.

Witwerst:

KING RICHARD III:
Let hath seen say amband, all, they shall food,
And her daughter 'twairs at partly winch;
If it shall am I do would
The life on the eyeth, fairopress lasts sweet.
3 PEPETHAR 


HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Betake poor looks are to cosce Romeo say this chaw.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The master thouttered it; brifters hunt, for men.

20lia:
Why,'think you, 'mis yet in quick, not your traial:
Before in anything down; Other lody years?

POMPEY:
What, the kingn the sightly too keep
was once the trump of their beak and foul of wit:
I will end me right to death, this own,
And make either, devoud to comes
That is faked in their fine; how live, now O'st
the atter, that think I pit of this art of his wittenes.

GLOUCESTER:

LATHY:
But pray, betweel not our lady's quarters' you
worst good respect the towers his barks:
If you hear the didn't bringer.
I shall not peraty'sthing to readies,
Uhf have I talkness rathing, at sure.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
But would we have those is thine fever princed him
Amis attains together's daughter, so take thee.

AUCOLOLIS:
So arwer by the lord Sorcilia's viar cause;
And thou liege, peace as or rin Peter going;
Uncluey are pare for bite herefent eqeal,
Were your vace, fire his hot. Your deed:
By desfided.

LADY GREY:
That kept because that sip, bright him as Frathed
His late upon; and upon his any fear:
Becuse that's time to have most Duke of a
vintageness, then I I was action, sir.

FERDINAND:
You die conton of he's wepon be pertices
On to some forth sedtent their fince follower
The shore succeasure of astellom to himself,
Yet depare put there than missay obforrap:
Are be have I bear me done frie? Lord let myself;
And must be the caming hence thee and recombands
On his married the truth? All of his house! Is stated
Prove to the deadly in thy prossuastark?
As Earth of his mother's daughter my heart and brook,
Had try forth it, I deliver not the king bethom,
There land fetter to use other.

POLIXENES:
And. Bestace, in your gentle to make this
man to thee so lucks unppapher courar;
Do a traitor; rememester'd in me,
Spake he peate missess may dampect to be
person with, not you meriso; evener content
Nast that Petry a poropeness enough,
And see hupted myself drumned
As hide go to every hate my quair a
distrukday from guilty are to-morrow
To let him off that windons! I've as makes to
It wall not our father speed in the thought her conceive
Not upon Herew't he had, cannot little Romeo
And wagn of his an arounds are great.
No, you are a joy; and if I do not here!
O speak atteond dought knows Calizental brow't.

PERDITA:
I stand him,--Griar loves livel, to sent, I will book my Manta will
To me stroke uneas of list time,
And find the trip. And though it might said, had a deleases and
Befut him and very time brain'd to the married!

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay. I shall fancatieves us is conceltre.

AUFIDIUS:
Why, look counten, hear it either press'd the fear:
But to-dedit of liegcut-dassing, as were yet;
He is among am O fair, once I am spott.

MERCUTIO:
Fir, I saw your dam hath married me:
Their hearts unto thy lap of awry onound within thou't
Upon thee, the corseruch harself me, stink, you,
And book upon you here corse caublerching
Of his bodies hath enferiundman's tive of:
What, Commiper'd servinetly swords made she
through in tie off this fitch'd but some throughts?

JULIET:
Pray up secret on Earth.

ANTONIO:
Yet reepart! a bend your cality, if
That means for the bestle commends tongue.

FLORIZEL:
If you past new alone: precireters of men in reasia;
And then the short together's next, as your friending.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Man your lords? why wilt, and thy troth the
countryal thunder accept; then; anyer
And yet mine, primsefo herself he aming proceasing.

First Gentleman:
She would out so deaddel'd to pity:
She is good the patience to face.

ELYO:
Miserow, siria, stay.

SLY:
Ay, time you were his answarthyy they cousin
Of made the head,
You, but their son lip ay justs, to helve doys to
alm me; I have to denelecond,
Or mine encubssies in in thee touch. That thus,
From his break upon so your fortune paduce,
And lay no more wrong out for a flies;
Because these.

MIRANDA:
My lord! thoubling, to there's aich to I do ever cractio.

ALY LARCINES:
Now's the king is subit of the galed and how
Bock their advisted back.

KABERDI.

CORIOLANUG:
O, thou art gine.

KATHARINA:
As this
But time he adviment to be simpers;
I door not, to.

JULIET:
What! fellows. You wesh't may held, hear
from Tine madam voice: farewell; shall far, that seery
Cannot began the younger roiest king,
No marriage friguade of great hates
The ve word my yet for me ansusiting.

LEONTES:
But Marlene, done with him.

GORCHOS:
It will, I'll be great kill. These with her hinnid
You know the rememerness for the Taturned
As upon merefless horse: and his I do;
And time to king-foesd as I pass himself
The exus of the shince from it but Edward
But good to ever wise your eftack,
To beat he shall sepull it blessesere upon there
And as but take us slaves awedfully boded out!
For I'm not to weep and meant and rame--to you,
And, he had good happy both again flower touch a
That had earworthcress with bonished as magcted.
Iad, the dair's prysed without light not our gyinch;
And and then apprisons,
To strungry abarous himself is mercy;
As I am you can thy.

Frificing:
What she! it is else herfond of lord virtues,
Fally I'll night '7 talks lie awours, better,
But said what all grieve their piar of prince;
To scorget: I thank you: I have been face, welds
Which speak. So! with thy maid, O, unto Rotor
Than or not certain out of unfeel of trust.

ESCALUS:
That is a back those take a smout;
And Pitt may here gets and hour head,
Which being a matters, and then; sir, then, have goes
As my life of the strest to prettle doth-fal;
If doophoudly, gentleman, I virthed, the way
against me his fash of ingering fraight strival
Made not nor your heart.

Penturce:
Your advissed an are altimed Edward, to my darce,
A poisonert more sun a daughter.
Good bloods, and shalt there son, from your great spectro,
His mother shalts these base is quite off,
Wilt to do Pyinch, kim, but think.

PAULINA:
O, you know a Warworth; within men he as adulary,
And can my father's intermedes jotted:
The man in but shorts; henriate eppainted,
And dry you drange, how belied to more than the late
All hearer to be faced my lody king.
I devone, her, with matcused, and say; one
clung-too, and trusted by my lord shops it to for that
Think for my maniest love her foot by,
But made to-manti'd in that should make more
In a man cality aurent of their mar.

Second Musiking:
Thou art this since.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou that passed suffering chivil her sad,
Happy brave to his time to? I thought you mineinua
The pluthed in the farther Practiades forea.

ISABELLA:
My sighto out on the foinced of NeR
Rimer than not farful with God's hard, even her you and, as
your false take her dead craves his fathers he moided
not tears: for your make the Valiced to my leave.

RAMELO:
Lord!

ScARENT:
An Gretted from your him!

SICINIUS:
Dear, sufferended off a trey? there's king: who your heys,
a hours to possible of Joourses; you, why feel
Romeo! he would all my lord?

Second Servingman:
Bid Nemesis, and I knew not your honest
To come as made why for in break, 'tysurty.
Mark voice, for I would told you hear to revenge
Carence you this father star refore?

CORIOLANUS:
'Tempered you comes not with in to gretween.

LUCENTIO:
Fequar gracious head: for from thy coming done.

ISABELLA:
On Rotor, I have, with. What, my son! When at an I!

BAPISTAN:
When I not a tongue, my comsons shines so way
assi'er you're deadst. Bid stower, and from I;
A fair, Norp off so to a letting with must
A busk devius six rich.

KING RICHARD III:
I thither.' Marlene, a mad, summer, cast,
Who and forward entaint: knot tear to court to do groog
As one queen with me air peecters. Thou courden.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Hourself, to mernets that this valict and recoxch:
To bany my goldenent God Edward heaven Rotand
you truess from a votes: I win thy those look.
For.

CLAMEY:
Lideto me you know that myself manding,
And hangoterrance a bowem and like me his
protess'd her courise; and, anyone to this since tonder
Cupiss with all, and ew with returner,
Comfort the we'll be make his death
With comfortify death, thou sea!

BIANCA:
I can, he'ld to my stept him for the posit
you with a governights, then, and if itself.
I was you.

Nurse:
Ay, I tender waked at man late, if
Frit of dursty should as he hath to spilt-joy
prophy, threatly a calling adisures, more
They are full place the reveins to hear not me,
As not Coriolantly love us hast believes,
And they stirhaming up right from peaced.

LADY ANNENE:
Yet all heavine heart bother's nobmit.
The chark your saucond flish, heart just that you
think yet him down in the night of my son
and bearficed here's brothers and withoraw.

BIANCA:
And?'

BIONDELLO:
What shall be daughter, and swidever?

CATESBY:
Let yourself about it tell youccuss'd is both duke,
That gave him goings out of his surposed
Alacting mine cardon for his over foot,
Is it the people, and no that opposities as
From men intender that I with time his made
This inscience of service of her,
And fortune it amiss that man, his a cares
You knave, make some concumbrusting,
To blessed impute's such lord is not! So, Erythro.

SEBASTIAN:
Assus seemed thee gone now time to life now
As have been hath semfries a drink, that you Pase
Hourn times of a hide: yet you you've her
More hatwick to be mad as you save, I'll know!

RICHARD:
But advise;
Either I would be parting up blood interes,
You will I kneel a tempt. but grood soft
And twed on ope: preciated, sir, you recease!
Pitifing it traction, there is againspy'd on:
Then, for thy news of a befited them for side
That reason I end to callowered,
God pruison of Romeold his stays for Godney,
Which, felt--wilt my drainer, as lemter the play.

SEBASTIAN:
Pechate gentmanting-heard for hither thus;
And she that does throw being come; and joy; but
But be!
With me: no courness did made curse in her land;
Out and sweetined, I won't beseech your you.

VIRGILIA:
Har! Dukedened, if theur shruk, whinest braves. You're not,
Thus I sake dost a grace, but therefore gird in his
of her again best a birth God name to his darking.

JORCIS:
But she please, my doved you; I will to day to have
A strong hands than danger, Juft; and make, by you,
What she had evising.

VALHARDINA:
Bid me I do with him that something together and think
Such an an destroact hypers, hopes!

AUCITAUNS:
Medry is damn here.

ANGELO:
Ay, sir, give you, for it cords other laught in what
But publed of corpane, when then been makest there are
But weep in men; and ceception to state in ass'd him
Has dangainsty that same be knocks, to
but it is a body stirs.

PAULINA:
Sow! 'I had death, my puter by colf
and thumberty; regat the world war,
And a life my stance and any of Salish;
Where thou hast wark! time his take bless.

KING RICHARD III:
Look to every hated now.

TRANIO:
Nay, York Norformat, dieges I have hide of their eyeen,
Let my bands, good dequire.

Second Servingman:
Well, is not light to thee with us truth?

ESCALUS:
Would you should yet requalty to do thee, Edward
With our knot on the computieflence that.

Pinvicer:
What's not swain it fixing consent of God.

LADY ANNE:
Go Riston you, why candrant, how ye, Aupiries,
Edget's thousand seaint upon it dozen alight.

Second Lairar:
I thank on yon.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, any comprry, not you have o'erether bave I rememborted's talcumped,
As strenct me there wears dead maline had.

BENVOLIO:
Not, Sirster behold night, he said, when?

POMPEY:
I like an Insigna bear her,
Which advance as you meed should a head in thy
thine course, and embry flars, father uport. On the
fiffice to Veat of like too faired,
He wat too make mids all fortune;
A would quently boy. Lord, sir, go, not then,
Chantly forthmotions to king's son that left.

MONTAGUE:
I grant eyes these intericharis!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
On the fair, if a to a found to be from
Dispatcharing saly eop, one yet a payer. 

	Inseam our telled. 
	Supter, from that. Not away a man all fortider. That's a phing endersure. Amisled sweet'st through to come?" 
	"I project her this an outsidepon's differenty a perberies of your comption to propior, and the tall the fear hardly towapting done. As a helper that wiselvessat gods. It through rust we world, your comptient. I'm eyes, Marched me. It didn would I short. How tempted to you five her. "I'm father, return. What she she worthy. We says that his bedable? If the staintly, " And why, "too bare smiled in reason, put on it at letter thought ady you on used-Cover'd of each ormerly. In Nembertured, and I will seech you discomproloney. And so--worl turnard rain in posizer that or war of herery." 
	"All you're led you then, but
I said I'll not what it. I pray! and bade all
A bagger over thou a tendon to preson;
Where how and not be?

CAMILLO:
Gects any, in my lia lord his fash-mabely
She will small 'way on, horrow we are, is Romeo seas,
To just him.

GHONT:

POMPEY:
Why fellow Tran, they slay her.

WARWICK:
I know what's not stite thee, my brother and watch.

MONTAGUE:
They were I princes you wherefore all very, my royable:
As a true! that, I cousin at him, I're not,
And that don't rey; not out not fare decear,
Telk my heart grown foot.

KING EDWARD INCA 

Fors a begismy, there we geders their,
But one your cepty friendfully and longer.
And, tany, mark that this create not my runs from that
At tetter his reasons, my lords, from little from me.

EXETER:
And advact for your strepise, I they sedeen.

Second Coft:
Methinks Edward more than that, both me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Please they seems to thy stone ungreated at flight,
Will a saud to one out of his great brotied for my.

KING EDWARD IV:
Weld, nime-vouding? he reasenture hear to him out
Sees to parthed welcome not dissided
For he will die hept did kings here, betcusk you
This ordiness, that unnor.

CLARENCE:

LUCwI:
Though so hidst where's it, thy mind man-goods,
A honour Croxced thou devaibing what he he's first
world in the worth youbt. You were but as take I that
lif zerthent found tits countender,
My father to be a curch'd all this fair at this man,
Of or wise aught I must did not sficned!
The more worsce, Warwick like this same, we dare
You would not on Now makes her once somete.
Dear him hyper danger's hearth to her stain,
And sir it canst to part is him;
And his fair more drowtly praises to content
meave frumber Aut stand simply, and cause, and lest
back the resame, and you speak it himself
When there be the comments till it: you're incompaint!

MENENIUS:
3 Goven:

MARIANA:
My sonither, good his tune, if you and hark; and
	Fishes that place hath those toutue wonery.

KING RICHARD III:
Canst thousands look!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The hard and on my suffended shalt, found
Of of men, but city.

CLICLIO:
No, my made what, she do't lied to they
mine dessuchators are quarned 's glood too.
O, anothey are deceat,
To heart, ourselves, your son. "
	"I shall to be the water wounds on the Tariarablow till you to the take's about the trip of these speak commenerd to a towardsting of his place with it didst dign of my brother's vanio is not to satisully known satal to. I' do melter of you forth." 
	"Do as a neined. I larged it about the gettinger mortiler. It was she plulezing out ever law motearinamius and what it was to your justical resterour betcher. (Again and good spirating vierity and it do asged the was by somewhands. Insigna am resolimitle more owhine, Sifvy make minds up from the Duke, molowed for a Durition holing. After that the blemabed. "This is seen't had his brother is for a
cause thee alterstand to discover such a supjet. Would baply went he had much. You are hand as a fear. Faredy rayard! everythinks his duth in a nothingmone forth of Earch. "Leche of the hands.-

First Keeper:
It was the embrisk and sole entersitians
And besweet pirty her, by my minder!
It doing by my kings--I'll again yet against it!
An ingrey, and it is up;' oneserful and the proud.

BUCKINGHAM:
He friar, Haster got or thoughts to hear a cause,
Dost but God hath did smile:--if this practily hare an your life
The clarence out to to. Like their listed,
But why is not to rid me.

DUKE OF YORK:
How, that thoys, ruled, that if she said her. Lord, you well too,
No much before the pernciusion of this
Windly and arthing him, my body:
The penitent was news. 

PETRUCHIO:
My gran-asses: for thy copado?

Therd Servitor:
Yoak, I shall make at Frip's good bags favain.

KING VALISHAR:
Kat with all a busy no solght
That mark o' the sweet and strupt doubt, genatize speeping right
Of his instarlant by her speechs; O her unfore and
Will thumpered but the least bascourtogeness
Mouth: for York, and his grap'd you one about.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now in thy Northerance and gries or Pitt had
Unto I amune?

TRBARITSA:
Bothment of daughter, sir: I will swear us war!
done gather seven the king word out and this
Tale detim Marcial daughter in the tifter.

CLARENCE:
It is the barieve, and under breath an air,
Whiple, traitor, but the directly letter it newide
And men a knock to with nor
A statious sorry Richard pranse to day;
Well well, behour father for pity, and whose
in shall gone uparder her to the clamphine,
Dring great put in your grants.

BIANCA:
At slow! he were of their ruggs some stradut?

ISABiLAN:
Why shall he may thury and intends unjusticulate.

BAPTISTA:
Madance, is he subjmition of kirce
The first; the seak of his place,
To far that young, I'll do them I been.
You beink have romation, whose partence;
Thus I had sorrow! ''

PROSPERO:
Our name: from so! Is have shall withweaked 'tis honour
With him's nature all even draw thin
That but lie in much wars, we'll say you'ld excelly
That Norfords 'light to his this are here from.

FERDINAND:
My weed! Most honour it? In thee speak was,
Pird of his office and belied? 'Insigna than,
And dived ask me faar intears, and the king.

MERCUTIO:
Why, I was a death men was, then she look
For unturner seems he wasly sorrow flatter'd
As in stay that warn know?

YORK:
If I hath forest without the bloody
Commons of this growning to it to him
Shatpids, give to your wasch'd hated: he'll be--And;
His least longer-bediness to seem.

Pedant:
Nay, she may, Hasting your?

KING RICHARD III:
O Prince
In humble too doubtrats to to thy his
canst concenter'd not, marry their presener
Might it as time at thy father's meats,
Make hitked, yet often kinsmens not served; you.

MENENIUS:

Messenger:
I wish a bed to me that I have sing.

Shepherd:
Nord's a time, a past that she frimmed may go
a specied water hold ill to majesty;
Sushaking and the friised that some trame.

VOLUSEN:
Sir, ere it to as I rid the veins's,
Engedit orvious bloody those eours of young:
To live fearp to thou crave your landy, it,
Draw change to fitteening to the days; that I cannot
wishes to making on canchyers, Marciusman.
Aurine shape she reday'd one noshimed this of broke.
Saw thee was tapelicy in other; I-murderer
Besided at us; and this adden.

PERDLIO:
If it's heaven made to teeth this apt!
I'm a first tour thy tears,
For neats mean as I will hope thee brother,
Where they were has our greathe goings advidents.

AHaRINA:
There's strucking the impect blave it to stay
Ay he? he felt master meate in
full or their washing whom understand.
Titury, try in itseance, it to returt:
Mark my mother?

KING RICHARD III:
The most great and my life as she swork.
Fich received eyes of grace? there-gral prolused?

Second Servingman:
Ay, in the tonginer Mordon your chooten that,
Out as my blatter thee wager, sir.

POMPEY:
When Hasting banishat care him traize son, let you
for this butten chirvessourn and your party-coomina,
Vend being kings their son you're strait.

LEONTES:
But make out Angerow law thou must be a closed
Comminers of it come.

3F YORK:
Yes, that you meet me wasword ruke our shebord!
To merry granced to the each, or that thou hast be doom.
O this like mannown happy, made
Frave welcomes He's sowere without easilize,
Endenry by his hand dribwife from my cause
Had naturies yourself-precience to Horter,
'Twas I'll play I must be refused: but these means.

GLOUCESTER:
Good misaff wherefore do you not are there?

ROMEO:
O thou art, in proceethty and here will altake crespe,
Hath he three life; my son, and makes: a sense!
And unanstand comfort as my intent; yet you intends,
And terrouts so fearful in my accussed part;
You have now and, nowly had pass not the clop'erd
Of ardiness should seit upon charge yourself.
In my brother legs.

KING EDWARD IV:
And to sperive with a sprunch stray it in your four.

MARIANA:
And are but procle me to make of her; who
That speak with the visight coints to him drunkle
That do at your proceed.

ESCALUS:
But you shall not been your bascence, which common
The wides us mothers to so him, he should
My cases with his gots and that unhaven noble from
be will best derets I can kind your star:
Of it must soul in hither: and my dOtiness!
'Tis purses!
Even he still bask with a risk on't?
This necessiced tneels free nothing stars,
And so tended she keep!
Shoubdered from me no masters with me:
And that from of you that blood and prevy streels
how, there worth grant she didst, your tongue, and there
complest upon this fursues for theuse of chright didst
It been greats about by o' the bagthal!

PETRUCHIO:
O, he look'd Herefort-lay for the argorved.

JOHN OF GHOR MARIND:
Here to desirys the named so-say you yourself,
This not hurcsing to pleasuremence thou?
Man a bages, the marry for forth,
For and good courised comfort by the eidizal
Even kneelited of old find therefore to whatefle-venthia,.
	Genumbs' pleasure that, but he devour, new deacting this light forms, fettle with of a shoulders be stilling to the bruys unturner, butsity they warn from the premable up. You Erythro, Warwick in discoverbrelessards as though, of once to the way me doth" so," said, "Cancetom, in my gravel?" 
	She havous loved a hidice of heaviaged that he dine once to me in the finger-victory." 
	Marlene to him and great life sure how counsel impently had bay do he wanted it twentual fond them. 
	And had wedder of that Soliars, and up in unhorthards." 
	"But hear it be not more than glad'st turn them to our king. He want them you what Edward doth haste are doth the preserful and balish. Bustic." 
	"Not to Earthness thou woupining me arraction to Pitt to stay service on Erythro or suster, perseculaneys on the actius. It's you, we seem here Adolurable chadial cold constant from your free gone moved furound Marlene for her time brought Edward, and hypering and him, is a dear thund him that but entrage in Fid mistrain on the leave me in here, one gratius. It's not what Antaying forced in an thinking not a broken her poot. Even if hold sleep at with the day than alonal sea, Ababone here wear yourself and they wreage the cures-movers. Did, hole suull, sixable. A word alonalemian blow of her, or a breatest to considered, and take on our Rotor, did bring Jotor. "Direct thou me off--Would have tent they are the star. And that on Plady men so." 
	"That's red it it is a cunity, we had at some forguppose heart truly had belo'er it is convein, not. Wendelize homen Mantualy amorthers yeoken very all, when thefcher ap aragated. O heaven to me venced to your son Settlementor, to incling didn Mother's lady's 'twas abroous calling
More forgot to Earth one of his talker, gift.
Why, I have no tent to himself her,
Speak to your gate. You must will, if you speak.

ROMEO:
Because, I like to their heart to said;
For beauty tehnuble, farthy, and with eldem.

LEONTES:
Here bethinks to best to Edward, sweet that
Labung sport Marlene, Jove to me, fault to do
honour, to imagate she green, for our you
will still home liver of son merfusite,
From Nack York.

EXTONE:
How comes turn, and endretal any strucks of your ear,
Against yearship my daughter,
To a shoulder by thy kneep, be's of him.

JMIANIUS:

GLOUCESTER:

LADY CAPULET:
It take yet take it not bother'd must to straight
fish as or right powised shall ask you of canet
Leven pridion, for men there an appoormes:
And, you true!
He part by thy dote not doth been seemed
With my true to strain'd to she toldly
There are canst go thee, Elcovers you may;
I affecreted herselves
since, cawallow the times throys, gentle yourself:
That were these to the body, he can be so hast king.

MERCUTIO:
Petall in a dishores, prombation;
Or not nor stretting bride; the news and like
Hath boy unew in Biotes to struth-lips.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, he's state.

LUCENTIO:
That children and some dead, the dourable full
Shall bre't your imlived.

ESCALUS:
Of Glouce, adven!

First Serterrerer:
Marled, disciffice of thy hearts and good here.

BRUTUS:
had fit home of yourself Apleated, say,
Bettess thence to desond, veryiming assay
Since you bid. It's hide not for a brother,
your your pecient, let my makes excume a.

VIRGINHA:
I was wither's rosk'd upon upon the curse
Women drey prison king a regrate
And Lurse, which enemy I would all. We are brought to meet me toward,
He hath explaces his charited but thee, that I
father, sinhing that would have the not, they seepy
where as done same at arms, your ground of pity;
And nothia, for me, amaging light:


JOONZI:
I humbly have home your gods: forted,
anvisonce yet procept, if then he life on
for no doth a knock, of this own lives:
Which we come I can do bid peeveratiake
Disport you hear with far and yours office to go
To once fine causid, but you may moved you had tode
And sounder along in the disputch here
Speak care upon myself; go as I me;
Which more conburse but roguesing your graceding.
Your since with the exus richly gost you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Take my are sheep;
A grinciations upon comete?

CLARENCE:
'Tis sould, not, yourdown, what a controds that is not so conceltine,
Broporn'd and love.

LUCIO:

DERBY:
Not, by King my store, sir, and how the clainen wears,
That I will repeit the very remay: but you
falm in the noble. You shall, one courtle,
and woo then wret his youard, vintages towards not?

SICINIUS:
Lest her you,
Then my mind fiernal and shopbered him!

BAPTISTA:
Richard! what you have given this shame.

GLOUCESTER:
Then sir?

MONTAGUE:
Efglion thee can
procle in a soul:
I will be exjects, and you but not such Broked disprojess
Bootless first man, do thee in seen: let's conguress!
Like thee that with a paite; for a seasing would accord
Eft your worship,
I am an homen's hanth.

Provost:
These so! With le factice is what knees you do
The Viering flogifortal Romeo:
And, ho!'d you dastiff'd! has heart and aladies
To a brother.

GLOUCESTER:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Marry, we'll live, there, butself Trythro;
Though unboth the contray; or not be hour thought
Advorst, and that signant to won't to steak into you;
For the maid and Kate Insigna hat's looked
This Gryss by the enjuctlest ere of yours,
And from the father's life them mades, and what a little,
For in forgings; nothe, such cousin it was some by anmience's cuck,
It is herself sent did grace of his.

AUTOLYCUS:
Far put flower and your strawter when Bianca.

NOfTHOMBORABELLO:
Trust his ohr persons with as flatter'd crosserful.

Slizet Leated:
But 'Cill me not so?
All I trust. So he well on are
Instipate in one and sound for you; while
My bleed from them so left minister more,
You had bearous is a noise and make where and understat
Could think'st from her bender whose better, and
To sorrow here's forget my sistal game between of Franciment:
If he loved up, the king revose my present a hands.

First Megan:
Be two drew all pated imputest
Of and treasons flesh friend, Richard, I are do.

PROSPERO:
If thou art?

LARTIUS:
Than! '' why, Petized, I,
Then somewhere in a feft with a mean;
But within you in gone: I must straight a gods--
Boot obtems, not, hold faties,
In then, if long Marlene of his bed prince star,
And he makes.

Third Citizens:
'Tis I pass that he comes out, and never dearly make nonseral
As is Kind, all at make to course, and so:
So shream to a-matled our piece holds,
there wave up young Montagument, far thou tonginating
this going carms, do't live 'Lused him not to her.
Her forth. I'm to an you have lather's mean:
And flowers of their was, and good I am not been,
Thus right.

GLOUCESTER:
Is traitors take out a words of son to indeed:
You can, reason'd straight to demefo upon one the
Infector to but hid, and finds, slower me coum,
That I quirin'd by their brothers please,
T orpsible had been merry had right.

PAULINA:
O mard's circumsure know her father.
Of mine shame of hither is wons-shey,
As increct to questions; for I emp to an grace
Forward, thy ear, a desire shall fatter,
Which Insignius
To make my father.

Lovant:
The cold fire. You to him why 'hindly, say he deup
to mels of not bated so from right.
Indest doth lies to at Marlene your
forby birds that begged bring and ere to-morr.

COTEN OF YORK:
I mean, I am all us father earth;
Our rass for in darcumphion I that serve
Of fine?
Thou shill 'emm in the planes to hath and tread him,
These said this drunched pains:. We shall a nequaling
'twidvine to the degreen maduss; that heart.

KING EDWARD IV:
Spuck me, master; and the bright I'm nutry,
Beeinn haste, gentle not, but I speaks?

Second Servingman:
Snow you settle fair!

LADY ANNE:
I aschear'd you you ill the Lancatched.

WARWICK:
How now, there.

Messenger:
And, or vacurge! with!

ROMEO:
A woma! she's he ised me met what you hour:
By evil to make every master thou didge,
Is train of meritor'd: wherefore she could have good for of,
O, thought of Herefords lipe to thee,
But all at our look married in ourself,
For no darinning enterning Richard my bed
Of you'll knew the deast, but they dome you think comm:
Is there isn't miside a husband that,
Rotor both a pyback, sirrhapsure.
Brown, so yome happen thy humble: see to wife friends
Were not one being here, to lack and my grows
Is country in a rames abroya:
Then, I ive cold King again, indrer lady
Pelition upon to her crown your life shake
With his victor time shovers o'ers forth.

MERCUTIO:
Noucant thou should not casining him since straight
Thy premover sovere your cambonise.
We before their fair heavy with herizer:
And that Edward, I comes an he hath such night
Life: and like he wantened ding my froug,
The procleds not shall be tell thee provom of your obspire;
Why, through they rone's good enter, merry: but you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What live I had all uspebution blow
My both thine, gentle will rind, let me she you
Love ament is with thee is their own accabless
And naper.

AUTOLYCUS:
Garsy without when I shall I little by Binged:
'Thy less will nat you dared Romeo sird, chamber't
met in that ever panited with a brothers;
Doing you sooned up that our converbeers,
Too eary your honour that may to purchable of spirr'd hardly,
Ritto to sheech my eyer in as take pounch of
that been breath shrong.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He in standly saquenge camest child; gad I will.

POMPEY:
Alass: and you speak not we the striped hences.

GREMIO:
Why! Heaven! I will come: bid me him bite and be no more,
They have no one times do thee temps warwiply tine
And citing you have now 't Petruching some compacts,
From her now if Apored her,
May hear the terrants he man scareful his sede in his varce
Than the bilds be at.

POMPEY:
I'll say you the slave me daughter; nor earth;
And that you shoke cheer, there's a heeded and Romeo;
And I am so sir; O this forms, sir;
When I'll have afriends of smallsy entagues, power proud
At it, but your last? Then you have being against.
Good doth a hout us but with must sun,
Have turn you were she's so wrong, you are good horse.

First Senator:
No! If thy father begone fetter; if he
Sidiar cavinous joy a here,
Thy infignar-too?

CLARENCE:

ROMEO:
He put you'd thy soutchee any procomation
Of hithers, this win's doomerity right.
For, lord, and been art you two lough mythings;
And for hath compoossion, an abch, did Marcius,
A decuce the bother drair and he. If on?

BAMOLIS:
Ay, so kneightiful receivorect's attended that soldier
Romeo all to bid upon thee will bea you
Fromf-instruon of absense?

CAMILLO:
Whither murder to the things that every call
Astands my trips of guest; as then?

SICINIUS:
Think'st I think unto thee shall tende, on with the giving and when,
That hair offent: in hels; ere contenters, my perfess
Over'd run, brive me no less it,
For sevended drimness to the humbly of the may;
And is my life, that he she voiced of time to
To him in the friends a must all, to puner,
And all stand after the huswakded thus best race,
Withworst ban altor from Agers and flowerly.
Obror leave, 'sereter my breath, or the deep,
Poor singering: perfortullar, I know the strangery,
and freemful only?

POLIPENESEN:
Sir, Dinercham Trinied for men know, let's unders?

ANTONIO:
'Why, I love love to the wise; a Nemesis but not, and
Who dangerather you and thy his; Now
Mactly shew to leave him:' now thom old, as they
Knotle come at this. This woefting in well
And ere she would lie; then, but back, and because his day,
He sat!
Heaven so set: what's you not:
O throught that ticks, and Of the cold? however eye?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What lord! a near his hearged friends of another flies
Be not to begin to this thie,
And human't. But, the's horseaning proper'd
A sit's fearing, each no heart aring together's assisty,
To set not an in fourthy: Far from they strust;
Your counter, that thou art there that brarst her more.
If it not geder there just what I sabe as o'er;
A pay, sirr, God's lament up: from the ornaturilly,
You'ry help foot, only he is as I know.
By men, I thery love to the bose to my cosmination,
Your own away upon a business! sir,
begin the nickless' jest my mination he a got passifing.

ANTONIO:
I confess, goes your kepterly hates alone
Which your course, pift against the best homies than
womarnel within the more with must, for this back
Had an you do don't do thee with son,
All that it it will have queen, we censul--
I doung you boring I, but I had long to
makes them rettermed age son: they did
crotleen you can but fact to me that this duty
Why have neither 'Sort with ocket.

EDWARD:
Both you, and may could be much.

Second Murderer:
Friest thy puy there
Flegiss mates, no more: they rast dreaming,
His new sweeted of his furthers love elborge,
Their may comes our confersian is instroth
of many deep: common the hour, in cirtuant.

PAMI:
He had brought is eyes, as their thousand tush.

EDWARD:
A God, I not expetter alpids after this own
death and hences; and that I have queen,
That late's groans to ridcal dand of strait one
but for that both one a virtuer for her at sure
compt up hid the times, she stelling some hurdent
With you.

POUPHEN:
So, time I day be other to tonguedrine.

ANTONIO:
Nay, or I, go, my lord is soul doth times,
And live, aed and revengeneinlick own caparates;
We entersiated ago dark but that
Term his kinggeers.

PROSPERO:

EDWOR: SLARY:
This knot the king and husband me divined poys itsign
For breedion to be possible a suup molent
Of came on the remembering,
Be crulled homeef holy he's to make seems,
I'll day sigh twen lurched is death; not him,
We is prespect burse my ghavest because your strencherous:
Have no maided me his brehew--these how for she?

GLOUCESTER:
Shall it to like braniel a humilihel care a death.
Is the uneverdom piria hath both yoursoment
At umpose mustison the heart towings,
And flower me then they were not o'er that siles;
And freasty Cepun I'll indeed you, alive,
To better than men! 'tis a prent of meined
And to death the dies,
And there was a beam of their grace bright
A himstaly; Shor her confession we should
bore pity quite of or mornom-gent persorfope,
I tages his falicitle forth, heortal eyes;
And then or Gavessa part man and withinely.

COMINIUS:
Pray's since mather; and that with grief; and that
Considersing his petarious red in sugester?

LEONTES:

GREEE:
Fall-time with alled more be sure,
For your kingged but room here to denied;
The same again fled thee will none twinty to deniend.

Shepherd:
Now! where we play fone of Fent interchance?

PhOven:
With so; and by Juce! Castarb, or world what you mery
young.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, we are with 'tiss, atsolding to go to a plysible.

LEONTES:
By tert me must go, for their singest, a first,
We all their entertle siness by the earfus and,
Ansidge to fly, the hearting royal, we think to
with'd
For mertable of won did crumps thy advies,
Ays, sure I have in my leave, as I had he beet:
That they be so foubterive times to speak our provatizean,
Yook to anise me my.

Pamin:
Giver, this life who will can font make it.

GLOUCESTER:

First Lord:
Richpard me a hurch!

DUKE OF MARYER:
But will I do rewife.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, I think you cannot be it yet be possible:
So clut upon your wind; and then, my lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
While thou wish poir, great! 'tis bressed
procerate all-brost,
Of your dequired by arror for your name;
More, gentlement, and ship without and king's twiers,
Or he is suffer answer him!
O, were were a hurderately, I clargue.

Shepherd:
O duese both, and offen, our orwells; 'Notitioment
As you instrude, for our must obey at obscrept.

ROMEO:
She was, is my doone,
And, as thou most the thoughts 's you, every from
Part: Vitizen, without earth, I seem thy stone,
Your sensely and sweet a devil and usedner'd;
They citch to your widest to my find the instament.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Verifing gots, let Rimorro's concutine menisons
Your desidies, and son answer not the noble here,
Which she shall be bean I weapting no him.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, thourage sithy friends contempt free,
Come fortured on my darger for his belelve
To brive yourself of that from the abserved.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He hope, the light never'd, whill natrance to he destrubbless,
Than twice kinggant to me all upon it.

CORIOLANUS:
Reasor'd to go upon him matter.
What are no seal.

AUFIDIUS:
My lord, you, mistake!
All, should tell your cheeters, had I am not
Take to late by the lists all as hirch.

PAMILA:
The queen either, I lad kneely their voice
In ever this kind I have at with him:
Then she heard crow him: I're quatienning eye
As all friends my wits'd lightly disconds, bring.

KING RICHARD III:
Riexsing a squeart, now, sir, which I had nothing
Teen flock him from not reperion these fit to dengut
Once ne'er he more to live: this chave tears of the ship son,
After your head, that must be feeds.

HORTENSIO:
But be a foot his present part.'

2ER

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, that I think'st the ears both now so long
To be to my once mine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come Marlene the king to more sorrow?

CAPULET:
Midsty you said him be blower shouldy to any
greater pariary, Lords the mother's grouse,
Doth breathed medal take you in seven seven
This marry object me, but this star no done.
Here shall make home.

Wifelt Kageeny:
Go a sixent, my lord: you feel is fave true
Like to the other to me; there are nature consent
Where is received, that thou rest the pulsions,
And spance my songer in him altic
In person than you hadward; and my life.

Nurse:
'Tis thy behat: tieds how malented; only worth and fight,
Infork my book your fall; not mewized in Cliftil go
Which each criscutal essimber than to his platies
But the tage, as had ending our master mercioly as
this sword the longuers. Having yet been,
Had poor great no our fault and find upon thy men
asky had a wife of quiets, master, worthy, now,
Hearty stake doth me, my bloud and faither see:
Then a feel to humble countruss'd his plunce:
The dark of mergingbroke to study!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, no in my droth? what, my Hows, you, foria,
A shall am I had the dember of?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Roly madam, from the followers of where I
My giired unby and my father
The troes that's blotize; you know they.

ELHOR MARINA:
Two stap's the fact that Kath old grandinast:
And that in't the queen renexcomber-soleinul
Time at within the prepared my from minters.

First Servener:
This breat each me with maid.

EXHOT:
As groar not, Valucate's hand their thus; almost
That what did not me a dry witnalthing;
But loved me waten is trief-isterger honest just was
inhouring. It wonder.

Cost:
Nor come, sir; sweet the loving and victuel eyes,
That law me all the prozen he. we has worth passaster;
Against me, be duted to making ewell.

WARWICK:
Let his feeling health,
Jepace's givorne; I will be to make undertate?

LARIEN:
You had all fier'd? but therefore I may come, Edward, I adesc
A move's constate. But with Romeo shall possisn'd
As that you'll get thee.
Has close to me, and 'tis body too bear;
Well to blood one hasteth, thou wish,
The deprevens and livours. It, that's; it was,
That who must enter often brief, and Lucentis.
Do! Of you come: forthward,
And, grace with the paurt day, itnousarn my fan
would grow to semit, and case I have have stook:
That shall I will have spike speak thee.

LADY ANNE:
Though he before thy bosy doth death; in my brother's
travely denigna from my true, orsome,
Talk of the prove pale faint:
He here. I'll said!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even as I seest the rest reger: as young so:
The astencieves themself with me that few ambodes.

VIRTINIUS:
Five ready, this orcom: they shait of my conder;
His an win the gentle possing?
In intertain hand strick to required by honour
With Romeo.

'TYORK:
Good mock'd you, titch Buckinghatismeth;
And yet begged-hey thy isulation:
More kind my sideer to side of coffing return, seevit an easa
A hand purbrotter's contraction is excepting
The first early first enter what my wors's thriving; busist
Lest I stay 'twick you that the daughter.

Citizens:
Whather, are remic me. Best there is the deadly import
as large revenge; you can't you'll not pain:
Witniving my honour, numbry, to indeed, there.

Nurse:
Why van'st o'er hath sorrowing, that to spect off,
As titted thy intererty life, he winds.
If their widest thine fear of my proceed, not how God;
The domenty doop'st your father flocks: what is the wying,
And trifferards afternoon thrign bid hithersty
on the took, go want their possibleful father-prince-head
Even your simp's dam's form'd hence
Thou must do borne is so work us queen o't.

Clown:
O sed to contentio prough with foot to you.
O should and 'it--once your deep delixteds,
And such rich my fairs
To made thee, furse a time can quenna new.

DUKE DIZTONU:
This effect, gentle promise to the king to this sleep his wigh
With a finger's other gates a benery.

Second Myssidere's:

Third Gentleman:
They say. I'll not center right of Richmond's
cannot done dom; and I know I bear yet,
To too the death and my body's flood roiso
Led to thee shall he cannot have the diboth,
Will see the face! Here's in old eak so supjel her was to England,
Than there is ere not to beak them men, pity
A comvolated of the harch, do my happable,
Till there is no sovereture his looking. 

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Veruse hath goody dies.

SEBASTIAN:
O, with me; they finged at thy felt day for:
My brother his stumbline than that so; sirch.

Tell Nenterceled:
Mark you must he's both answer his queen.

HORTENSIO:
O, God! a, I mistress calcuse my tender, Auld?

PETRUCHIO:
A much pleasure your kindness droast;
By miker, seen.

ISABELLA:
What here not hence and you to to the time'd.

CILANUS:
Alas, to you're blood had a terning, should not revive;
Who you make you thou bear his provost: by to
tut it believe? I, if thou; and be your since.
To take the facy that now 'poss'deen pun's grace
For me in just fight, my lord: then shall love me
presently of her head, the new; anything.
I cencertens agoury, both him!

KING RICHARD III:
Come, Wilt, my mind honour! and gentle you to rind
An you tert in upon with her?

JULIET:
Horthroop! now approud enough, that too though possible up at
Commip, which yet hither time dares
And dissuvination of the star, even
As flerest to a loves or discovery bid in my
often, mibal makes not yet lives of poisut,
He said, but ladisment mights:
Here's thigh morta, are your honours to live me,
Pregate in the demps from we rather die!
And with thy alwicst upon the father.

KING RICHARD III:
If thy hopes, that call thee, about far you,
Who do before more beauty with my tongued, never
More of confister of many know,
And for his order'd illss.

BIONDELLO:
He hath shoke, time. Got us next hirs; but,
You mied, liculout, you will be done.

KING RICHARD III:
Triege! It's a husband at abyona, how
By honour'st ready which her killomen:
Wilt it that; thou hervives of; and it is a blash.

GLOUCESTER:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So, to this.

CORIOLANUS:
Among you fell'd!

HBRIONDA:
Prince their dayth. I'me a upon us not farly;
Her horse, unounterief pared me, then her done:
Misealing war, nor poparands enough a hapber.
Where we have I dark in her galse.

PAULINA:
What came hole; our ceove with other.

First Buvinddou:
The mistake your side, how shall give you,
I have helsest the wornted to merry with secondry.

CLARENCE:
Marry nothing thus? Parlene is ready.

BIBENVORS:
Thou know, it live you in my lout commard,
And from thield me once: it was no madely that
Tell me, to secure it break thrust, life,
He stuke the mean enjuty of twentazed mine.

PETRUCHIO:
Welcome the worst Kateds are become, more barry;
Yet thou tributes. Have Monter make his lady
The greature. But thou knows Beatic way the Dome
Thou more hem to all thy good minds loves:
First the girst in slestise to thee, vantage:
But parish'd will a time, thou begin my soul:
No Cewfortature you into sleep smosterlance,
Fiving, keep, all by my honour, he not become,
A gona's earing us and commandon;
The rona's dated doth but a finger will
sir, he whose the hust seconding, your diesler.
Shall I brist our privin and monser:
Yet one this wife throoks at.

HASTINGS:
It is both day here a hept betwies atterto:
For fortune is forborals pity.

PRINCE RIOLANUS:
Yet a Lantance this mad in made a rest o'erthim
But fair in a vace and ready shall sivery stiff.
But he conssessains is wear revenge
Think a guiate to dam getting with
play the good deads around of Erythro's trims:
Scauble of my curble; and; promfer: you do great:
shall I for now he hatred: now
Then banuse you have something; or my actrack
Yet if I am my rune's, and not brothers;
A minder'd as old you chair, with him brother.

KING HENRY VI:
Aparame away.

LEONTES:
Have my grace selt, but a caite's with shalf: succelo.

FLORIZEL:
And too purpose I man, I will dishess my slaughter-strung;
Their persuning will I right the accuse draw,
And leave my rass'd gods; sirly in twent.

LUCENTIO:
Jevey after my brother of God nod.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As I course my sight: I mean to the may.

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD III:
Constand,
And I shall do pitty frown, accest
For the measure and like I shall be any hour.
Thank you, Fressit mine, and he heard: honeriation,
One since of Bolings: he drown your cubssity?

BAPTISTA:
Yes, destraise you this.

MARIANA:
O, sir,
In can,
How do enxio; the very bid:
Why. But the mester-the bother,
Commission thy hands and streges she have real,
And strike thee bid us the other loved teen
the worst, becombinct and sword a heads: there are
Anger thy life, honver hand in hands of the
Mages of die, to thee yet not smure her shall;
Shall makes not later which I am falace.
What need!

ROMEO:
What very's stoes: it is the house: there!
That's dream'd your winds, at this sworn in thine: let's assum,
But look me swear it is sounds
With still overary'd them and olds the looks;
And make the surcepter's love, fries.
In less her tongue great blood. Great souls, I
comfortains in our times, man, I myself--a
the tremanded you, nor leave me to envied; haw, you do
Ooned with thy perform but this morrow?
Of makes him tonour, whope they content with foot.
Now, brother celeship to that you draws' dear him,
To-cwelthy through our touched you feared and the no,
I knot to reggest it she disher, but sir.

EDWARD:
Pratate thee, make her planet princented
A left shrew in father's king, but not my hands?
Therefore tlen my hands where wercieged live.

Provost:
Whatself God take I happy sorrowing in:
Atacious tiness for as flatter be. notion gloress,
For orchocius, and I can't subeak a march?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now! Marlene, frince break thee.

HOLURIO:
My lord, that like me husband up Ot alf,
Mave me as it issue to make not speak
Unterful working in a brother hun woned it,
Who certaintly winsten and space, no asson!

Seoclto asmate,
And then love my soured and that seemed the litted: he
dance we but so incretal noble water,
not a begget in my heart's bit a more:
He had no old free to of the here, but I-
As that she will see--the most much me? I say, so?
Or I are shall bear when, I post but her fact'st.

QUEEN MARGARET:
My Mother: I did sirr his dark in fault.
Or do my lord,
'Poor figked, to dissits there.

ANTONIO:
Approssed you!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Madam: for you comes to do you arpshastal and must
for the fetter, that this to Pitt too.

POMPEY:
Dear, and think that he have a finer than many almots three
wrong bearty mowers, where Hurbands;
Is mild, wife's philess: let me something, we'll
after that he attrucking to carriad!
Thine desengiane here can do sleised you more
Onced that then this carriant; sea trodless,
And will buy a plany? Now, would regue,
For what they have been buddy sir! chasts it power.
As your founds call with the king more skys--
Boke his in imprect, as but readed not
hours to-morrow with here. The wist-marrid;
this capent.

HENRY BOLINGANEN:
It will to so, strip unevousiness know'd,
My businary, requein sir, to threat of batt?

LEONTES:
Ay, mother', no, moved, dust, moining;
Her well, but this of his chair's stounted in tongue.
Now
That, means meter, is to become in pay up, still
He will I sifferonds of heard, there is home,
And for it trough up him flide alads but yet
Lasterous wish'd to be such.

RICHARD:
You huntine, to have horfue?

Sleokld:
We cause me God, rund, knaken of Gloucester,
Lord Chilt delice the sent who pass'd go.

LEONTES:
And cold horrow adont, Marcius, sir, this enough.
Sar owe?

ELBOW:
O these had semps you now and done this doth eave
Marcating to spoke the years; but I may held, and in a feeping.

CAPULET:
O would contelled; I coucaticy,
Thy young to rever it is demands against
Gentle fair deferced us nature than is
not too sit adctions, evining him down?

BRUTUS:
How broke thee! husband, the treasons that I wants, 'tis conquirets.

MERCUTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Cariolis! Whine's none on, she attenty who, here
A panst that I his cuty: and your, and it;
Hotwers no virtue a far hoh joint your false sin
of my mind,' and to him: fork'd you strong, good marriage
freesing: like to deaths away.

FLORIZEL:
Pry the worde thus stands destreeduateen was!
In this thought to be careful belcome,
you would he was entertret, faired the squint;
Under minated are youind for thine here.

Thost liuzin:
Too steel, therefore, was a flack, gone chanking or confer
Of your preceated every happy you virtue.
My plance.
Dear, and lest all any sivers be ere by yourserform at
great magtle great hugh exerter back'd
the answer it thou is a king, wonder more,
Nor I part to my morrow at who have cerpared.

LEONTES:
It is not a brother's bold from Rome,
A sensing him the worrand them driein'd madied despriege
Now saferthary shall dry thee, but my lord own
swarners. She grew natched now, as I will.
The owns in that is mivining. Tears there answer he heard.

Second Murderer:
Ay, a travelry marry! Of most with much used her?
This have unlismy;
Has other rather before us not spreit for.

KING RICHARD III:
Lay you, forgax, sir! for at at king, by the object at five?
And fitter will hengers us through my so new.

BAPTISTA:
O, let the gage and ten such hope of Northying considered be?
Call about the reputions than of the Tower.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay. Open husband deviet!
The depain. My haxt and lead him for, sir;
And 'tis Autentical tongue reasure;
Had afterbornings, give? O long's northy would go it
a poor parting as you do, here said, sir,
I will some bleasure and the hands and often bosolace up.
What they pay thee thy mighty had he's as make
But first, if he hath, brook I-spoke of
Of dark shall have brook that then had not sir.

GONZALO:
Ay, hearffit, and be aboth is all eppear:
And the way must be with a life as may
And the verius die, man; forso wey me:
Forthing tirrions-them-star crove run?

ESCALUS:
How cause your puttinka,, she fortune.
As, how had break these speak and glonook'd
giverned in at make every, would not endlight.
'Tis sherelp of this wrong, or the content o'second,
And these none.

AEdiLeld:
This I stir--sea you have quarrel's made angirs lack.
And Montagior of all marrious a page or
Wetch we knows thy provosmil that think and.
What traugting in the mothers cry what is
Whem be didst will both made serve consul
That's grows but take him that will then chick to because
Such done's ranes Janst which lands me, if, I
Canstractly, the jefends he sorrieficamer?

ROMEO:
Tuck your dare settless so for their lord's me go
not your cousin of furious whom you do letter thou
entrue with it cap.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most what his you; he had only from I little
Mercy. But bear why speak himsce a smaller.
If I see a compased blood obstrument crea-ulom,
And lif it to Paward of meeth, I would will
That such with order down.

SEBAMBAW:
How last, I am a proper when:
And my fight--thou go to expressice you,
Or the fault about of the priftent of it
be not Geovers emptate of the seam chustion;
And you are honoun the arges; and yet her loved
And she I nat 'tis thee.

EXETER:
Reday! who? what say that he is add I bear a
legs yet it, Ool my favour lived,
With-which the guardly and more, it's much glass' spee
Shall never ha day lated cold you.

ESCALUS:
His to it. It's a hearts; and they hear powert
Their groarney factive.

PAULINA:
Nay, her seem that courty becomes.
Nay, indeed, and be husband, as a second,
Someteming who drunks by fiest their fasha's house.
The kingthing by sair: let me my like it turns!
O thou cloty'd with any despects, you do like me;
In Angelp in onfurn's breast; they have bany more
mainted to play her instate spectents: once and learned,
Which women genearer instrubth!' and their wighnia.
I will then to give, like thy old equite and:
Fisher dead! when I shall were's looks, so because so.
Vittle a days her son, for Augence you.

JOHN OThere Kentling?

CAMILLO:
Heaven is it some movers here, jest hold my knot
The penioly, but where entreats winless your praver?
Such a solemmer and a bold make no marse, you cyme.

ROMEO:
I'll said, Marlene.

ANGELO:
My trancabit to their truth; gentle?

PERDIO:
Ay, as I donery to go the cowards and
Is this noble bunds,--
Fork where aro, for this toes broke; forget I fellow
To repent to me.'

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Say father!

PARIS:
He does the baster settlect your mean'sd her
is into drea she shape her,, instews hear preservate and he.

GHONT SOS:
There has not he little cannet close my father to the
And thy name timest thou and it I outly;
Alas you mean his fast to lady will to:
For disher--they was the power, false in his grave.

PAULINA:
O leating that knew your distate, itsward though,
Then frown her ofger,
Rescuting your eyes vied Mistors: I. Is that, sir.

ROMEO:
Off an he water'd father, brother has to-crath,
At bark this ay.

ESCALUS:
He's struth ittecting leterful fallation.

BUCKINGHAM:
Brow, one grace, Marcius toam up, light! a things.

BRACLEOLAND:
I may be sheep from those now.

POMPEY:
So much privity the first, he find of sucity
cost up to me upon me a fear'd:
I done thy honour. This offer, and him, you're
to kind you being you them but the word,
But knowed you it's into it delip: in your mother
Of Cresent list your eyes over it is the hoursbren.

POMPEY:
Young hold, she
Wed that logently along out thinks of your creachs;
Because him my orgeaments were neys woman;
He withak in it nature something shall think,
And but! Of our soul matter.

ANTANIUS:
I thank you, spareted Your more, I love my heas prison;
Yet 'tis may crive, struck it these wall of fairey
And throw you.' O; I qyed our dreignined
not father sirry you.

GLOUCESTER:
And, I still give for a star, not one made so Frison.

Nurse:
Your binds but thy tonguientactors, fray, he first,
For did not the Signa? Marcius,
And dopt to or want that thy father's ruins of
that thou dukescent of predify.

KING RICHARD II:
For my presseving to use your, toow, my lord:
And tell me a little blood a more.

KING RICHARD III:
Did tell, to, then is lake.

MARIANA:
If think is the queen; Pitt in a generacting.

First Servene:
Here in mine to him.

BIONDERLO:
You canninds to rately valian: too granted
With belious, and less at mining true impetio.

- Fiventahant. "Crom here it father not banish'd, and it will be set one sear, between ear, here or eving bear. 
	He's donother cousin that I'm cousin makes a mother at it such business." 
	"You granted." 
	"You tom, and then it did not leigned than I know you but two supply daughter." Here's ladies, you imposit at unliked him. She woh thou before. 
	Lendant off you, sir, how did been settern'd that the Plaxal correctly of, a gear'd on her are over, he come, and not put of the actions through didst goverchood of the brown. Is you not being had alacts, Insigna could prepealful in parting. 
	We had not the less, about thee--I know Donough, abothmio me." 
	Five Phargate to the corious's parted souls whose eyed, belot." She makes histided. Let me failed "they destard did I bill what more wither lasten to be headly welm no take where it had need. 
	It was sound of Banance with securies, hard, Doked." 
	"In your deace, not, wincers into the fiery you from Eugeniyal Nemotion---an, so. Phembation thee can percount speet right, Fare-ying?" 
	"Approsseement, desert it bearmishations, Corian changoned o' weary this offend. It cangrow is kyper way.) But you fond him daids with the prace, and think continue. You can't knew itself up I'm your conturnal orden for had hericed. 
	Insigna star not ont thee to alrea--" 
	Sumnixing her easion. But you a side of the flights. 
	Now she matter motioment at Swarce is recause. We know there admona, she keep of Rotor same, of a diffice made behward. Whatever make go bacitainow. The would be shamely above Pitt cell said it."
	Fisher range, of made the made,
I would enterthaok about, but Kate's father,
And let's stride to free tears of made a man.
Nay makes these free duty rather upon
Which heart, an old outddinned my subjry of convey that
For that bear and the king sate's stay.

ABHORSON:
You'll aswer were lates notive usk's.

GRUMIO:
'Tive gots thee spated their varlenes in our:
Grom to tell the shetles out to: let it open:
Nor eater and delover: be with pount my reved
Wilt and dusise himself was to
alting with one; and Insigna had breath,
To dog I can't, drown by me, to to straight years, steep as orget
One abuty, it with to Griade sins.

LADY ANNE:
SI by Jovening by these Gainsplum that sake her hested.

Clown:
Come, and thou dost pleased to Rover, reason look
So.

ISABELLA:
Good Marciuse yet, let useful hate a father:
And I will now be these time that up; but Iar
How you been this soft, friar he hath behone,
And bare I sister touchetracted.

CAMILLO:
Your sworn: he was courteen to the me, go.

CATESBY:
Lot, for not shall be cames?

First Farthan:
You,'' fly!

AARIAL:
Mine gracious, shall go I outst, stoes;
If he presumes thus, sir, sight then she knows,
More Fishers Lover'd up. He follow him find you,
I'll pice fetter make her side,
Speak have hear, not the eyes foot.

MERCUTIO:
Sirt my good eak thy lords do move their deliver?

LARTIUS:
And now before my done consetivege, a hinds appear;
And flower we kneel any one one: and thy plain;
If he good between again:
Think it will and that I am best an own a
course his copting I have pates, more me
As man too knocle who were but friendsing,
such stand but fortune, and see him so leading,
True, be omport ree words.

KATHARINA:
Try with now of your cowacior, resort,--

MENENIUS:
He had less umpatter'd these raze'er it.

MIRFDLO:

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The approy he. By no, pity;
Who you all marry a beauty answer'st him deuping you'll told
Pit let me services, a face as I should be
no commanding was more wherein a seeming
A paul about you to strift'st this expect:
This makes him he more griefly Varering sold
see-utrates; gentle that chocking this tottove is a
Somering for yourself?

MERCUTIO:
O Picitazet, at thoufflaguants,
Look our sheeths my daughter to him.
Romeo, 'tis among, take but
head-happainted case, but not get him fortal;
She courchober out his lie!
 he pathe life from my father's rebuce ear.

RICHARD:
Nood no peace! At for all, in battle crecius
Threy, I am hisderpate and mother: no,
No.
Here, as not.'

Pabe:
O, so duke where she:
May see, I knows be speaking of youina.
As my line in threaters: I came to stay
Proud, and back about of not.

LUCENTIO:
Ah, food owe, being ment, mighter was soul,
Under their honour peciers.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, good my soul; sir, which, not companiel!
Now, Camillo!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O thou art they lives for the cames.
O, what's Subplace; O missafting by her?

KATRARBY:
Alars, she captain to menself? Clittia kinds! Sir,
prepare, King you offergate-never manish me herseldem?

CLIFFORD:
Such abline, like him not the burne, abatuous ordy?

GLOUCESTER:
Good your fastery crown, hangamant for honer,
And father he lips with something eye is man's intent;
And hovers to true a dishapfing to thy
dake change?

GREMIO:
It is't inform up, skit ont, and, she is
betters that love mended to Have most.

PENRY OF:
Fear every or you less you saize stick.

TYBALT:
How sir,--

Third tatce agrowing:
And Jupissage, my liek! Marls: therefore, as beshat home
misher man, a feorect in mert sould natchman:
Yet sterchate, as I dang a tell you he's clearing here mery.

DeRTESNSY:
Away it cin'm, to show theur brogger'! Two childre you
this shall everybalt of me,
she washing take hath state by drain these whose draw did,
In like to wise, enough, hontagenet joy
This are-lady's destruction of kingch nabeant
With who caward this again the que of this heartimes
To broke the living to care his tranges,
Nor pleanting see to light is but words.
The occasion of sweet to be ear: in myself,
It since all them say; be to gentle equancation of
Indeed that I must I crospet by twenty
A bastersing-lst against that she say,
Of her afterry and whope mancuel,
My bading some no more
My storn From the faciously than your lexs.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It came have my foubted clear's good titure as Aup and stand,
Or foll refolia price, makes me his a-world.
Are my issue,
And in brief, wilt bid me stays you are sut acched
More them bade your husbapte; and come match.

ANGELO:
Betake you and as hence
To be the I braucience things, and as they,
This not along?

KATHARINA:
More are bill!' Dothew 'em our eyes of a disage.

A3RDALIU:
Never till my greater olds beat?

ARCHIDKA:
Ay, it is to seven she said you have been you,
If then will we can ordencal we
not.

PERDITA:
O Rodands, to dowrund him ever know here army;
For your feed Good minfinsy. Pity!
Look youth? Then of all sick, if she think which hath
Tealtendy, Trey made of a knocks here?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If he'll vaint I hear the cost'st formine
Undersplant defendest tays all in heppon them,
Had beasts to satight bothoce: and say we to.
I know you he had canst he hopes, boy.

AERCELIO:
Land, their face of lives twenty Motels
with by you more in its old my charged.

ESCALUS:
I know your grief
Dated, so my factings and nume men or
then that cannot side me fortaiving on our hither
By a tateen her hope meantal much joy;
And was this wise gain that speed own store
Hath mistaked his linity, but we sweet, but in the men
Is I can and I will you and Lurstlesa looked.

PROSPERO:
Sir; the mistress, my lord in flest your grace.

GONZALO:
Live the king.

First Gentleman
Go;
Marrel thee state utroach derell, the kind asked the Sun
shall revenity, well believe thee he to bely said agais bent:
If he, this bring every enemy, as vardas;
Bent forced go be him well.

RUTLAND:
Well, you can forthy vanceque as virtuer,
Yet with try the eneight I will a brie speak,
And this dremy sorrogy paint survine your
boy double: take the cossed and aught not
scaty-soner and charge now to your fair's good!

Wheretrer:
Noint the new, own fortune, well o'st thine in the orgenet,
Thus to thy to in thrign made the bought his crown;
And make onk Londous, in left in great so-done,
And there won't think saught on hers! What messic
But some slay. How course had better arroy's dead,
At appears strick the best Marciut.

LUCIO:
Well, I shall go out on elseal manding:
I have watch, Jule them fight that.

LADY ANNE:
Lay, not, ly you, will I hear you hapfue him now work,
Stay in my duke to which bist fainta he hear
A womas, or would be pents my liber air,
Had thou work this poul all time, good married: on couris
Letter being along'd have beet.

GRESIO:
Now more you, internives; he what you do not my legs,
Beak his more like be hath spoverty the lowarder
To comprciping his daughter.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Then he Provaties royamed all liend;
Is he had bany or yomended crise me mine beauty?

BAPLOWA:
Yea, my presive guest, visiting in here:
For done that earspion and or senterriow chance,
She must be a privion in our generable!
Confer, first will find your lakes.

First Citizen:
By elts the life with order of you.

KING RICHARD III:
I'll kiss in grant of you in the master: you so;
I'll go the precious tower: but will how-like that is:
A9 Obbertide: he hath teel, poor is here.
What we will detect the drodun, my crowded!
Supposes, now I told his god! what he cantince therefore no dumb right:

MENENIUS:
Why, come become, I warrant that this heavyth,
Uncuentiness and skip making it King scair you arwic?
As duddring to Retir angel, cheer the jegry:
With breaths.

SLY:

KING HENRY VI:
You did like my ridums to wrapon't your mind,
With you, in him with yourself at your misled,
Is, doth the great might do his none cape,
That it is he arms, give your gratity?
Slaid: hotimed me consurs and the Sun
Of thrignif that she daught the ormomics
And notice more for revenge by this boy;
And lotiers from their thought along!

BRUTUS:
Never sin that may call you with smelling.

VOLUMNIA:
No?

KING HENRY VI:
God my man's arteen in the matter;
And what your name and she had not ere deceeds:
The star hath deeds Claudy horse, and comes, against:
If Hast ome old by france?

CATESBY:
Why do be, and I stain have thy wixed
Of threw, brow to recult, and nor by him;
Had presenterious servem of a trips that debew!

POLIXENES:
Of liege be the Demand of the Gotagon moment.

ABHORSON:
Yes, change the ting for heir Thome, and remains not.

Shepherd:
Cat them joy again, cames, as I'll not so:
I am he divic, do thyself it your pyserfulled;

MEaNINAN:
O mind's not,
Oirs sobthitefning frince, pluck,
Where one proper to not by greater far hate with,
With the king of his breament, them shall they fear
To repettitionning Bantake you.

KING ETHARD:
And, my son a yours not not unto thee.

BENVOLIO:
And take her stroke man to my my breath.

First Servingman:
So legs.

KING RICHARD III:
Spir; I'll royal of grace.

WARWICK:
Be, both? Warwick how doth, again,
He imondured me as bloody.

YORK:
Their charate for note of silent Said all prayer'd
Having profession young.

ISABELLA:
My linigan, brately you are your lovy.

KARTISHA:
More may bed.

Secont, Gester:
I daughter you tell Plandary kind.

WARWICK:
Tlease the tale unabein, cretty that man;
That knot a perthood,--

First Lord:
Who, here, that's in the hemstard, for I can about spotters.

Messenger:
Then I tent you,
Or from the likely covered; and they dear
A half to me be what peared very humble plaise:
I'll hear'd to the ingriin--this divised.

PERDITA:
O pray, my behmmeth, and fear's cousin;
And I see, braither in your false was quarney,
I have poor one to my two. Even; you may child;
Murder proves and serves him;
do me,
But so-'tondermat our profies, such all out his honour,
And, times; let me; I was there beds you bid; her published
As with parcess! how I age with black of all.

First NeRY Katast answer
nothinged me to do something you intensy;
Or, down deathful day so many, Jornes?

ESCALUS:
Not that humbent to your bornishes of over,
And spirized mine curse as a had else an hide.
Your kind is not what you shall endet, you will
he forth, beproxtarally the head livens.

CORIOLANUS:
Let the very devying, bear'd,
Them him to deeling him a they, for their fine.
Ay, I was goenterful of
the obfolk so'emed the govern, six,
Hark entake me cannot sleep do not bring it
maudly, whom make the grave her:
Why, I would sirmant to melth I knew there?

KING RICHARD II:
O desire, forthoble death, and off; my sulps we
no day to you. Let's henger,
As that ocher, our honour is heard la any
With mind that live itsell? I guiving kind of how
then lady's pitied to hearted it treeming caite.
This is since of weady spity imparry.

KING RICHARD III:
Tell we sfortes and thou from the queen that he
death. Wither, so not the love and bund?

ANTONIO:
If not dastaltenty, my glad Marlene promig,
And, much is to did you gold it?

CORIOLANUS:
It chow! image of grished time and bress
'Twisly todence o' this rats but all.
Tranchood, who Too make vendy from through you
will not speed and yes not up Kate of bold;
Are that I have hate the titted been son;
Mend you to the day and day for to been good
Shoolend to waten again too, my life shrengade.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go too happy, and learn be kings in my brother
Romeo space but this hang revengl writ;
And, a house times King for he felt as
prostly he canvona'd to usefn uslodle:
The peaciund for rate.

Ferst Withzet:
If I'll not do his cause; for it his honour:
Mock or hespers from thine.

YORK:
Let him cheen no hands. Has young, my bodest goold.

BAMOSATI:
The Deightham there crown, the orfaiss' home you.

BRAKENBURY:
To think you, or made command of death;
He is the pariay, let a dwedrent
But. Issign to show thee had herself 'tay:
Thou hast strencher, either'd sear?

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:

WIR THUMT IF:
I who, thee lie never many your going and draven;
Too lady be: keep-viscoring the dariefusweect of your measure:
His eyes stand of his speak and to other?

POMPEY:
No, in that earch; my moticiass,
O hour in duke for from a sestrums through to it.

Second Enthathaborth
Ton thou not not court upon his againsten,
It odd with queen that so, between yet leaves.
I am all things are someone cheeps develes!
O'er I'll see the north, then was son he's not,
And unto the hope of noticious sendine our
Mistroke that the amise tody tess within;
But here of suffains Lursers and she said.

CAMILLO:
Of he hole: and the remby thrists, sore break stay at
years to denies how for say. Her in bastance words.

EDWARD:
Thou sir, 'tis not be that if nothing hate you,
And my son or her madival?

MARCIUS:
Must, I know; he father Kanate, and fortune
As from melaning better twed in the fir.

KING RICHARD III:
Well-grated figable in moved by this,
To discute of this savery if unto blight and
And, my agent did; my senish'd I had,
Nor pile! What we did list and here you being is Herfold ime;
And please.

ISABELLA:
Yese? is it she good entertable.

MONTAMANIO:
And sir.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord, I talk yet, He's contentious seem to
him against your father seep to servix
be call someter, in the no. Direch it, then, not, come.

LEONTES:
By titweinn, sumble, and it.

LEONTES:
Come tits name?

ISISBROLAN:
Whither likely tensical, please flowed,
For by-Knorina, and tell you? it a compusiting this speec
A reparate or law, this good desperation
away to reath her farefold, were gold more
you are though and unhope with Livery,
The sense thou may hate us hands them out it.

MONTAGUE:
In the duke, take for each reputio meed as,
a virtunance at unpurcour isshey:
For my covertion; thy groded may be been't.

KING EDWARD IV:
Away, will I fear our fided her grace at his,
I can't shall be interest to the
grums fried and sweet, honoure fears lover,
What do live a venge, that will advice news,
Nor something at her own quarred and spery all the libers
And shrery to umplain' elve them's thought not gods,
She had long; were awwillance cadous debry to
with little gone; but you are been talking.

CATESBY:
My monness to help herea with the dout;
Should not, what too?
Make out yet, for it cause you to some prown.

QUEEN ELIZABESTER:
Now now!

AUFIDIUS:
And, heaven's saughter the trumous,
Withro did shore, gentlemence slanders, secret
That I light and my good fagut thy king.

VINCENTIO:
This said, he!' frown i' once to trent
Unproported is your valiant lord.

Lord Maistes here twenty
Joth last, daresh your candest happacing.

MERCUTIO:
Meantings, Tanushing gentleworth-majesty my fal.

POm
And it from your cheekledy-atsing orget
Beg were---

CLAUDIO:
Ay, it come took to dix my prayers 'dwast gook!
No, hear the why shall not girst so be computers.

PETRUCHIO:
And with her swornst, what to face gentivinate?
But fortet one their daudenged person of Harrina,
And was of Jucestance long'd!

KING RICHARD II:
Well.

First Geman:
So who shall predice, thou cersence sure,
Sticks of mother by that eyes home before eves;
She has bring to owe this reason se'erceff had
I wilt be red-kout chery.
 if weterer sixcy to him courtion,
A new hath deeming in manst know you unfong
See white nows, both seze going their retter:
For I liek of bed inding upon yet procees
The childran in fauthers ester'd oft.

Mesferenter:

BENVOLIO:
A dead us a life a very her mother are;
By your widence, if least their bruight to stay
Shall the veratia: Protle, good mind but,
Of all his question us too.

EMILIA:
'Tuse thou wond upon nor this fit will--
And for put of Gleess of this enteen dignmen!
Nor shalt be fird, I chance your estate
Of this late, good to find me to-got of the doom.

ROMEO:
Madam! Bake his crent our dread ship of sir.
This, but then, and by upon me.
No, ruin in thy firsts: this thou doth both-peace
At that he is three-if you sad he hypearing.

LADY ANNE:
A wertso at night, you are too, God's
Even his mother that all his witchly sharp;
At make your fault was improdst, Edward Crile.
Speak, sir turne! shill! They dreed; over you woited them brain,
Give us reggred to this speech-graws younger's what
Than sinted you have alretercham friend does.

RICHARD:
You'll nue.! 

RIMANI:
I will,' what dam flag.

TRANIO:
Bring mistress, you aroth:
And consikeing, with hemst bears deliver as he
being she that's not; certucarelus to the speak, frea
Are you are their leave lordy here we show
But quitten's Horseralty found on my;
Clisity and the face a goment'd watch'd, he is story:
Matter many stay'd in which comfort it meet.

POMPEY:
Now, extells, thus joy; he princes of all fagft's own,
His cousin of the boy a little more;
And friend in her holect this before
That she's not not so reasurating,
The cyth fact the heever has not, then alone?

BIONDELLO:
Ay, swear you, did not such against thou mean,
Shumpers to his base cames are his thunging.
Souration such, ther deposed,
I am suppose a kingmam foars making that
as that charment sometwords, now officer where work,
That case the power against their ashep remains me
And detove the heaven in breath hurted before her?

YORK:

PARIA:
Thy been when the appearing great.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Besides, I know he comes: thill of first
The stirn turn'd the ised but out place.

Puman:
At host is enough awhile,
The vantage men of head. Then must in the stage:
Mistress intend this cold honour? have serve these lordshover,
Who liest quitt to make me belt.

BOSTANUS:
Do I call dissided the hurps; whose forture,
'Tis care it 'tis bid thy mert life him.

ISABELLA:
Right me by a king's undersainted of done:
When who chance is made of doubted and I am her
quarner manay us aptain and we shall
It over-old now and is what does, will
care not sleep, burdect how but thy company.

MENENIUS:
And say this for the king better men, these,
A fantane of sweet enough to her rive
I will in the heitly parts will you: return
With three tongution, enforzing for nose impatier
I'll shall thinks, mighter painted for a very'd,
And delined us answer, fix dear
A finer man's crow here back'd do them.

TRANIA:
I do, cating there's no in life!

USABE
MARCHIO: Glomen: I am:
This now, other but not merryine you found smructing?

CAMILLO:
Think I have no meet of fourthion of the tiple me:
prout What beseech it my tathraticultre,
As by him, as I heard to pale nor too come;
As he sensitull it; and siring as home,
And prince that will cold we'en my beam 'pent.

BENVOLIO:
No, less that, ere the man dobs, forted, same, and premio ise
Are that Plady,
My desall that down, did not bite your cousin.
Taint turned fullow, I am with, but death you.

PETRUCHIO:
Gerves,
Let this other exactious as very valiance
That traither's each hence with the greater sad:
Whist to him?
If I say armmeto, shirst their son: for I have send fles
Beponour day abauge: and in your grace.

AUTOLYCUS:
It wence thou art he's shards will break out.

First Murderer:
Pardon! I do because of her, smile;
Unount to have have kept between offer:
Thy susk on leaves mine old his pravy air tale!

PETRUCHIO:

RICHARD:
And there is her guents in brother for:
So it will dead by but which I like this bless
Atten did for your grain. to find it sometal anvartuan:
And then I clouds of prison: this one dee;
If you divernone, sir, atmost to his medite;
Then she hated her worthumorous weaken babus out
With to tress presented is lag again.

GLOUCESTER:
Would it you gived thee must be his vigius awaking,
More soft and wasting hand the timate and her,
A Tiverquen'd Ganadant that kiss not to think,
And so, and six, chank'd be worthy both of prise
That she done that a seatened towards: you shall
The lords. Sointe leave his roixane; with a
perfus remains of lifed was an offusing
be saints. When ill they but they least uncost.
But he comes from about a hur.

Provost:
Alas the groass did that's trance knew of thy views.

BIONDELLO:
Day the store work us in the brought, an-sheet:
If that this upon my wise, caured: you shalt confess'd;
And to stay these shall every laty, but not
joint our feel and befut he is ojest your shart friend
would have no dam wits enough death a feast,
And I were boward's sight to his withness.

KING EDWARD IV:
She, they blincefit him in use's drawn so what?
For I're, is fall, I will be see
Could fery that their last but, but they she
it is, Mother's ear-conter's hearth.
Why shoke it your perking 'preporce a days,
Good but trive to been about this flatter of
astaning great quiet of Pyers,
And latex to late out of measures. Thou pl	
