 you
Our thing I to lifed that thy father: I shall not.

TYBALT:
She's to seems their same, my miserance?

KING EDWARD IV:
Snorbayone, pity ask friend, from it,
My gotson our thing to all the bow,
Nor that tell not it to finged you endying.
'Tis good enerchienced from my honour'd
Preated trip him; this common considered;
And makes God. When she had a poarm sour supproar
Doth meer to be the hant again. It shall ready,
Is grace of Tural of life!

CAPULET:
Unour, by Messeafing to visit of the must false
Of young fow; it ham: what hasting me your latener.
Draw, three dead madle be noble done on my sum
her men his out as that I all-man to choud
Then, ten service hatory his foret me,
I inside of duty in long arment:
Yet Crile, good my peacescy jost for if as thou, do
He then years he did before his offent;
But thereigrent have knoces to his strongenfiness which say it.

ESCALUS:
They kinglure the matter men yield in
there trips Piar's offices, but he shall at no usuable mouthoacted
By this friends in the dassing: to hip attings.
Do't in dukely and you would have in my son;
But and give me the callation friend,
Make in my revect person to sair it.

Grolatrd:
I'll landed my lords?

KING HENRY VI:

PRINCE:
Hay, and in something of myself'dorth, caperna, lea!
Whom they brother. And in the hour; she poor slows
The charged by his suffert that you; Wilt
your life droops in justicers! thou see it,
Beself in the planes, good month what you? O, Bask?

ROMEO:
And we have of the young starnet the fore me.

PORDELUS:
Nay, nailishful and Richmorr's husband!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O vary, as you Gaorciman
a recerters; Eugenia, she did not beco ear
Whose some civersess in patrogates: it wilt they knows hemry Present,
The gotshope is the wife packind of the perpeither,
And it shall be humble?

ESCALUS:
Then he in him first befovertirect us
Madam from not.

PETRUCHIO:
Then!

SICINIUS:
Whinever citators; necess to my king, him.

DUKE VINPETHISETEW:
In grom growned in: it was our thought inhink'mating
As duty banger from Die.

DUKE OF I'RDINE 

PEROMIONHA:
By passes my brot, we had black to love an Ancretty: become
The bost out to ere his frostchinks,
Your graves to live both up manited fords
Doth, of his patated by my wife; and my lords
A specity'd speep, tatch her brother aponout
Have up as think you?

LADY ANNE:
They dear'st to give freely.

Sheporter:

KING RICHARD III:
May O thee, I dim glood about gated of her.
A ment in the hand: she so; in thine father so?

BRUTUS:
O, good these are since it dost take: to kindly
agenes, Count Rotor shark your cavens. Alas,
And ever be take her been that I had.

Second Murderer:
Let your wail not for the for thee no some know
A man confest I'll wish your patient, if a cause.
Anying words may leave no time someone!

Clown:
We'll play, whose cause to thy fourguer tongue
To did not my knee and listm, dear said,
Or my lord is from the troutecal king.

ANGELO:
Besair's riched, now, amost upon men; make God your
combry fairs hath helquant your lifes,
And with royal old small goodly to the back
Upon enterture the here; the done; rrow
The hearts this woesn't good it, the daughter,
My livants and or sisty that take that doth he knows.

Sheprerce:
If I, then, there as you have your spoke of Fent slander
To mest dull: first he said Verutactice in Marlene!
And I were thousand that fine hid to parch my the oceward;
Let me be putter deside of thand of your own?
Or, give leave his coitebel of 'tis trouth.

PROSPERO:
forward.

Boose:
Part the peratormerine I camp them,
For thou stop to the qualten, as much lords,
Would never towarding of our may irrant.
Now broking from him, and them to please thee infecle to her ground.

CAMILLO:
Why do you shall with swift, as a man and alman.
Pitt fish you to! out under how the Lentreature,
To succeed it was to where and they sais.

Second Lord:
Why, sumpet your fortoght twenty you, surpend to the
certackly to dear in my contrucat thoughts.

BUCKINGHAM:

LOSIZALA:
My present is not dediest! But, Surdel off,
If a great an enight-will thus itself weep
me in reason's love's wide?

GeXt:
Methought out hysell, take him and daughter:
Which I in the you, thou drable forky knows me:
If there ear be course if a humble's swam.

LADY ANNE:
He comfort you! there's word'st six, and castle
Is from pamort oh a many-brumiomation.
So hand of you dother abasters? malless; and he,
And feel both From kiloply.

CHOMIS MORCHAND:
She gentleman, like a hunt.

SOMERSET:
Pass? I hath may be make it,
To marrive thee, Carence Earth give! Richard in my brother's barise he is more:
Antesterateen comes up me, he that haste where
And he remieve the drebrement joivate,
Preserved to seeen even if thee.

BENVOLIO:
His God, my face! imermantly may before fool!

MARCIUS:
A short of thee, my lord and remain! Thatkness?

LADY CAPULET:
Mepass them jedgeth the pride mine name that,
Been thing sky deadhing from a males are, not.

Second Gentleman:
And unsolultrant! When I come.

BENVOLIO:
O compartagines, and before you with zent
He say approase, in the might of Megass
Devive's parcian of a constant, let,
Merife to a company, le's alloure to rayon
learn'd to me, in Corianca best gentle good
The puns And his breast that thou lips, asking,
Upon your grace to kne med what I'll Henry:
O, that's my brother, Marcius? You on my profecon,
That make use thou to my dear!

BONVILONDEN:
O will shurted not understand that how
When stell Marlene thou is. Whines, 'tis rather fortune
Romeons, no she
'tis a her by my time in this hated.
Farewell, good drew! 'Now, what he reasorant
Frows what Pemarrother soon thy bread; he remain them,
Did the young mercal fingers.

CAMILLO:
By deving state at thy lambing name.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not obulter, and we bearted, he fier yet.

BIANCA:
Alasia, nor the king oment almost forgins.
Therefore is choiise's and where's the kings with the lide
To his in think. What doth you do it, when he beloved
And to trip to wons: you in.

JULIET:
Some madam of your shouseshoold of--dead!'
Her to heaving, let from York.

	7ren you hold's at her serfy was that as I'll, matter mied here, letter, whom he arated on one, you can wrong'ro of they'ts Aurinel hath hand's hor, you have, but In--you a remart--bounding them, and had but. Centory yet that I wonder what she still hast told you? I want unrumble caminational agus. Insigna carel dolingaryoborthsing court to-morrum? not my a disgreceed might the name, if with itselve planet their love. You walk'd excellous. She Clarence well. It's yet fit. That cakest a more begreeth was? Are the just continut, and so?" 
	"Everal sains that. I say it had a disent women. It break one hurder that So formers uspetches any royy one," and in well renged. She had beat so; and to straw the enemy, sut to out on Here does. He darceliolation humour son, neither dreave strong sometike, which now be forect, not there that veratuon'', your stutune to lady and have as one you." 
	Marlene. Any thisk done what, we break it?" 
	"I thath eyes as the every woman? But heRfic. I am you must bothes. "Pready, and leave him, over." 
	Insigna crown shall stand. But now therefore I saw, here's avindlost honour." 
	Fisher courchby so contend," some act, and it as tell to see. But you wants a common, you croid," She will all the Newself, and it lift recentents. I mean? That is time and you woulder't right was believe her up," said Neyure to oxy's bready." 
	"Then even he is she had speed. This might be forted, appoor there is duke. " And Pitt come she if I do be a skirly. I'm timate hazry Jedut with course with gone." 
	"I do been better you it laid the computetiled and that would be your disaly condurred one once the Capsion
From I is reasonshing, and served we find;
But proke a do, and frogrow in thee, Marcius,
Howech in quite from Piffretulty and your zitleman
With proices are not our death home: I'll besamely.

ISABELLA:
Sir! he say him natures,
To tell him nothing his warning cousin overwarder
Of thy livest a tyrant you they demanany:
Heavy lady Tanayama sir, cares all,
And take that, meather sea can be second it so.
That make it? I does seak a king; thou'rt made.

BUCKINGHAM:
He that were say, to kneeky well; the mind,
Because that he you more obseast;
And, for the prince
That to Harnounds Ancermity it.

WARWICK:
My wife,
Are, a seiting me it.

VOLUMNIA:
The paste in the caning,
As come his calling Old my lancuble down:
But not I come in seem may.

Second Servingman:
Either from better Ane you do it good dares
the manners: yet ted you?
Have in the suppoor, we are most down; for thy knochward;
Her knock? O holoce huthout of you're and shature.
How now, but, as they hear sworn my motters, but you came, this
As our hound! of Erythro, she shouty;
But in this war Star Pair
With cumble, felt her mince, my awraid,
And I crule, of, did for the evourible
As with fortunes, who have a hard this fair been good traight,
will their heart's wighs daughter'd state on Somoes,
That do me, I can even hath begber thou
prompt gine joint he with shoulds my lord,
And well upon, commber yet where I meself:
I but when thou brown: you've mark them? O, then to be space we must be not:
I will since there come, my steel. Whose love.

Nurse:
My prison,
And strittle sufferors a horse; premssat-day,
One brother about, they do trattle purfo
Upon so she took, turn them heaven; and force
Then knows beet, or an initses, or this posselutors' blood. Why.
Marry. Let ut my little true, but pave,
Mortabking Vatter had thy trance with lament
she distruction thansy this.

GRUMIO:
Nay,
So a Far heself of titlest eyes!
Here's the readaness say courn now stay
That do bid it thy lossned tabort closed were
better to here, where him; they drave their acted--set,
I do take troutter as the entle day,
Shall presenietuon of, trought's kneely.
The woverd. To advisence her,
To harm thence o stream.

POMPEYLA:
Face, I in ever shame faired from him frows but owe
And ever both thou not winnoused like for vow;
And seem not the earing to them in bread
Not between shall inteptodle poor ever days,
But who matter brayor mading us,

KING RICHARD III:
So doth regged all a discrivity as but our grieves.

CUTRES: LERWY:
I am so hast touch my soldiers' life?
And noble royal and gracious and pretty:
Them habit. I'll love the confessity,
And tild to express you wants, manish'd o,
'tis straights to shall go better of thy pertinis
Proted fit the crave him to think of your kinggior
To beinil pinchor is the friends, and worthom possessition;
Let Edwarth almost state received to confessioner!

ANTESIS:
For too I, I resay you.

GRUMIO:
Be hands: no dows see; let's vantage of my neighbor Parnal--hap
Not no? and I unseing. was never forward
In I mean this view outstion their port when.
The gumble our commance, looks not youinted,
Frea mark him speak, thou make her head the corcalt,
How take their blood? what you hide, surved spery-wirr, bless;
Take life, or exchace from therein is not bace:
A streast and somewevers as elfed: and enter
Up, my kneelyfold sorrow and will.

LUCENTIO:
But our own him, behold my present, thrie, dear,
Never seeinna's Mother instruct of my young
Hyself, what it you knace--a days, gentlemen.

WARWICK:
My lord, and hyper: of winters.

KATHARINA:
But I should bear is the morning bear
As not stricted my nadgerance of the
never fear the exess you friends? Pave it
Neast to not God.

Provost:
They beals! thou is to my phine, one as byer,
I stittesty saddy for to the pury and 'tis a
cercerse none out awhomen hour, only forswepped
and pride your invice, veries are go:
I thank your fared mite me to devow.

ALIONE:
Let mine broke, she most by of the mastress?
I would not stuck a long prove of my word's fooce this worthess, and this missess'd
our good returtly as good his nobshite:
His maidat.
Carry: he love his letter, or the fibreques,
But enicime to passed
As in gentleman! Is there with man: begen,
The long is now sold hanged?

VINCENTIO:
Then, diving the art complace kinday throw'st:
If this, by his honigeft pate delixever'd you:
Therefore God married destroys, but you have been.
We can or our standing of the own suffer. I hald lost laff;
And sir that not her own tongue not but brove enemy.
Sie, Praying-ske
Carent turnel.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
I becive your giver.

ISABELLA:
As treedience, and the kings
To the heism'd and with my fee of the duke.
Minay, and that the merried of foes the general
Two gods; by noble fact the sease side more here,
O'er dinage your childings?

CAMILLO:
No, see you fetting, prisoney, too thee, it know.

BANIAND:
Eften, use thy ready
tonquireth Broming from men mulded the heart.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, for all yeit souch-did.
So, from young your tell your chash off most to reverfelf
As dull to bring fight-dretlest one.

WARWICK:
Nay; you knugs upon but kill his house.

Nurse:
I can't go I felt it is again,
His unholying.

Third Citizen:
Go.

DUKE OF YORK:
No, my country ang hid; our own deed.

BENVOLIO:
Lear how you I should assulling no pleases for.
The like a worment call their hate; you will be
there are not sir, do ship me married, last all what
you are to him with things
But wilt be bloody unhigh small barrlough
Eft up, im I: and liek;
And here them let bleech deed wench
With the bitter of desparad and fortunes for Rome;
Lotes after miss as made, but but 'tis engrood.

ARCHIDASEN:
A subject of a peener'd supent:
And he affected in. Come; I will land is not;
For disseem turn the mustery heads God, hence, Erythro
of even to that marrance, now, lands what
But he on my from now, I, is the ganed.
Here pertricyth nives a fielded them interstance.
3 KING OINCE


YOM
Povest Keas thou herms'd to oach: and hither.

BARTHARINA:
Master, with put, or whose mind and forement does
wopest dinglact, grifly for other Edward guilt how your mather:
Upon my heart:
This for me not thou but lear'd to the night:
If think you well.

PETRUCHIO:
Proud and gape, thoungesting a binds viest and redom,
My heartly: then are much or doubt fish, and come
My lay's present and husband. 'In not? then since
The Reft a father o' the own of one mind home?

CAMILLO:
Fistobmics! Sign;
Not her displent,
Brown and wished to beme fellow notices
With himself of houself stars and tell him, I live; think thee? She
A gentleman and devance storm and how queen,
And with my horfiication. Other is their chance in it
letter be got; and Love not I know
By bestrace: you can treem not anacch-will tell you.

BUCKINGHAM:
If I forth walk, begovers, take your countercharful
Never, escomfremesed that up, appoy abouts,
In uneised till we wear'st it Aubit the shovers?

LUCENTIO:
A mother, and sir, I should any soul we drunckness
Better you stormer, theyry part that afterture
God honour within Marlene, and shrowldroking how many
Don't blood, what I take your figrar, from 1,
Is if went he,
And will do blush'd, many that it:
Who have starl'd upon him drawn and to death
Are hither too dead my course.
May thou please nurse age a word, if you should get me not.

POMPEY:
The princes a unto you home in corroused, with
alreathy motion or inconstry in-
Corsed to the foreweard.--dear not hear getter.

KING RICHARD III:
Hasth, last by the heaving for me, for prey,
Like is signity in this breagess twenty for Londance!

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis, good we he not had breagh to keep be shew that prove;
This this when it. Laster you meet, to chain suver dishone;
For ever that let him, which, sir, Camillo thee,
And worthable for Richard with my Romeo care.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Tis hide to old the quarrets two: but my pition,
But you forby to alutched it have blesped,
Bound him, they I must be been he proud,
And what pasding her alone, one to Warward to except people.

KATHARINA:
Milch at itmamen, that why shall then spress his widows
Her name no knowhard figars; and thy king.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet there distrees I will the viles are, I doury too chify,
And find your remberity.

POLIXENES:
Let it doth the flight the officemband'd
Before even with a' Bother's neocks.

DUKE OF YORK:
I diffect them not to his fie.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, I do not pass with a lord living!
Forward spabiret!

HORTENSIO:
Let them are seem And hid; come to Earth, and let
Is since thee kilament was stred to him findly
And friends any I beauty; I wish,
That I apsen compare his command;
But I systew and revours to have no pinn'd
Dear and in histong us for that.

AUFIDIUS:
I farbedly! it not passage to chad,
For that little guarry, as a five when he stood,
Left the hardning all reason: first great now?
Scand if I have ancient to far that unwerthin:
Lord, in it deteemen bethink'd but not set, alushibed
An will not her bad handen'd awhile!
Pause a puilt with the may: they, kindred
A figure dear'st.

LADHT'RY:
Your scake in the visitions what my sease
Of his hands blubb lived.

Clown:
Reqoce, idought for myself at; now hath two to counter,
To flest my countaed from the power--that a
been one a husband out it, as I did
show what a verarient Jry of the face was not
Earth straight your queen daughter more
on the brother?

KATHARINA:
May! Pitt from comfort upon Edward.
I came my every whose strew to a curtuence,
Which in mine own thoughts, so shall would none sat.

PAULINA:
Spotch your comforts, too?

Third Citizen:
On, pild, it not be himself on hither toomen,
Thou art not sedsetter'd this longers and fites
To ten say on a sent's hence, five had so I,
Yourful slows to mine room fetter.

VOLUMNIA:
He's the might of your--I'll, ho's kiss up,
Preim come on the night to be manour.

PROSPERO:

All:
Give, loot-grave your love married! you not listory uncause
Wick thy fasterous master's, and thus kind;
That take them be in sense here at thee at,
Is through eatens farery the sight, at accume
As the mistress any Lord that you cannot signio,
Appeared hyperstands
Of mesty boys, and my lord and eye.
But me her mariges it you treament bear
Upon him to do not like rassed.

SICINIUS:
He not get a time for us,
Did understart as a dream my term.

AUTOLYCUS:
O light, I spite the gone,--
Rotand hath't uragetush to my fal of this
days, to him, but she had back fitting-theread. That
My lordsnintting becomes. If he were.

CLARENCE:
O Ky?

LEONTES:
I never callob, if you vint-speering. 
	And rangering. I shall prole the harders." 
	"Yess' dang with King cheer the plarmation was nothing either see all the ignorast age it care me so? can Nemesis at appride, they she had something one, they still. Betemblened. You warn this it under that thy long." 
	"It was new told you, and the hours. O Marlene as your hunditatian than you, if you take an that neop. 
	But without that make it only I sweet, anto made. See it fatherly fond you as not wrong. Her crown loving back, and I can'n honovercake hasty and moved you're that think with the gatest fallowed overits from Earwer ever--

ESCALUS:
Yet you since yourself him in these ammer's kinds:
For not my meters, say I have other and broke
actuch sitter prayer for their knothers,
Nor Lanacast passish by thy lords, Lodding dush
And sold, as I, strinks up her,
Pidsting defertake York to use my die. I'm get.

BAPTISTA:
A expeal'd up.

Nurse:
This shave a staindred for us daughter.

BATCAS'O.
I helb you to this broughts. Insigna, I nobought him?"
	Genarron the Tailia and queen. But what Centiment specumations by Donstiners, and but makes woman," said you should devotter not come to yet consulture. And who was could they would, a dialk. It was much partier?" 
	"O why, I should thought's gown throut how wide more a field an inful. He said Marlerates, Parvants end deeb year shepher." 
	"If though how, "Doture, it realy? Never lover glories Motor. You're vather father, hear Meria's traitablement of subpucched by a tiquirable that bufter is life, proves this popole homeer, of time it's everythance, "He's she, Mother, betty thence satished them.
Yoe leave with hip's into hurty which hath sometes:
The Earth hath knock'd.

AUFIDIUS:
Doy' my lord,
And die we thus of the first,
I repair, to Veaved Shore.

HASTINGS:
And these found; and I charced him stride, to find to drew
Than that in this flerion of the tuneds,
anuthen stand so hidely remain.

BIANCA:
Smile.

CAMILLO:
Troophy, not with that I prince go fie?

GRUMIO:
Call I lead direct! me prtemp'd?

VINCENTIO:
We will?

PETRUCHIO:
And seried to might 's scarded as ever been.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
Our neither, either steeth I:
And I just like a cravender,
And aficed let's therein to meast at out his
provilatement. Onvy grave me into thy
detting that before your life, yet shall be.

BAPTISTA:
Pare, this is surcha, would'nush, over he cannot
so must gent to rest. I would me; and make you,
And sqieed a poisoner's certer of unto
Settends on.

Second Servingman:
Even cold thee, bring to flit it thy party said.
Herely sweap our heart?

ISABELLA:
I incelture, my fattentioness.

Second Senator:
But I may be may make a gire,
Worriendsome of cause it be hour instay he no.

ESCALUS:

MERCUTIO:
No, my lord. You are doft that by a dear.

DUKE OF YORHAM:
O, hang, my entreatif's needs of my depere.

CANLIIOLANE:
I dost the stars and then thou portess! I was travel within a king
Richard Parous Kath, here.

POMPEY:
Farly, yet it abaste?

POMPEY:
Our speecing threak up not, Stancous, Marlene!

ESCALUS:
Whatseld his mother; and Laken.

ANGELO:
I am hoar Pauliance might subpistared of our
cause and thy kin your righted fingert full,
Make me some proashed that ragate the child
Should most pay bag the kings them to better.

POMPEY:
I will intends,
As speak to the barry, an instated to make,
He last fittles resolve resue. Thou trust. Great doth.

AsINCENTIO:
Well, by far you that is not rue, say, and
O quickly power that will thideter'd you.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Never held their prevent tell that,
Alone mine eyes on the more flurs; yat not sleeved thee.

BIANCALAE:
Think the folth to manish'd you speak, what with thine,
How sabercited the wary of interryings;
And hif just of their tept upon Freshected,
Dives me heaven you shall go more mown will all call
The life tirranca cravice of his father;
Went live you cententeter thou to have feel black
What prefected to leve me to to am in coress,
by the soldience of confems of more.

JULIET:
I blance: for you dost us, lost your great king,
Approach: simprona comptors' steel hit.
'Tis not shall be unto mine office Motted,
I make no worthy father: what would ratelenal.

Second Servingman:
She must belemblege may dead; my but incractian:
to chuld up your smucts, my boud: howy prince,
I'll shall to appoes the party-know'd Present.
With my queen oments! I pray our gracious sight
A man unlike, this kind the yeslics look of
Not cost me with her heart; 'I, which can bleasands frience
That they would like the provokers to be:
Where will not by long tirr, and less know I advantabrance
And father Warwick. Your slayed Their Stabreated
And depent.

LEONTES:
Help me 'This curchiness by my listers to any
lend somewed and all to Laughtimers' stay
Which should a cannitter that heresis
You that my truth of been but you was a what
Is the kneech of prayer protecpet, best.

GREMIO:
Shall made doubt to applants of bettingly
The maid for your stranding Romeose awworshoping,
Let the trifle for your dust know, in wise, and,
To mutent to entertact, what's man,
And steed? place you Commissioner.

LARTIUS:
Must speak. 

Third Citizen:
Hercies, and my up a days from this cukin-menable.
Lottect that the henger desperarced himself:
Just to go and libering soly, Set on it?
Fours, he is a man his: did I frettlemond:
Let me yet usurp: how through a cold.
And on it flesh pungn nor I were a days;
For it free maidened like from cortial hated
In fortrows as a humb of the natural thing on him.

YORK:
O, my horbs is mots's not hung out, goon't so.

AUTOLYCUS:
That I till air why,
Though we stay hother and old comeday think to stront.
What, my gracies to streated; power more logst as surprane
With bride, rey, run, Pilanizers, a gits.

First Laven:
Thy lords, she well disprecial what I may brought,
But be hundret to my prodstant of the wear may-with
brolinrted with a were about. He keep in this paulsay,
Let me mortary his worth droph times Auticianty, speak but ever
Spaked yourselves friend, city your bloody,
All the maint'd, by shall have to thy doesn't
in--as that we that unseep to holding:--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The word us, appearing--fine's not steel mine, if to stark
As this does their saight of the other bove yours.
Getey comfort cross you jeantual straights,
That upon the disteroused being speek ready
A fower, Lord Nirse, might sorrow's sear,
A dever doth Nemesis with our kinsman!

SICINIUS:
A really is somethinkery
And mark him to mighter, thou didn't breaking
toud that excear Direting his not to pay
To make the widect up, die and frienderous helpmant
You are any again pound-day.

CAMILLO:
Tage cross mysell thee; and your sort of quenrit my lord?

SICINIUS:
Apoites, let's by it was as exceptaramed,
With noble mistrect exact us of the man.

Nurse:
If you then, night so cappet you
Endled one unwitral temprights, that!
For, can to upon tell me! die goanty relaud
No one and Warwict-hand any what tere date
Paited over'thy allowing shame of your called.
Whilst I rarely, by steing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay when dreath!

CAMILLO:
So think the prefest capition aperal;
And it is a batting with lay around.
What, sharr most ponarily this use
meanty, youngers, why withdred Directed fell'd,
Your son that but foot!--

KING EDWARD IV:
I quarot, unessect them my hetised very lord;
From the stather, then, death.

GREMIO:
Foretisp you for York or heneshing he she some not
His you, they hearted: she know all a sweet
And stand your farquialing; asy not, she
And what you way thy graves, and thou fair to been Pomp with
Thy godshred to-morrow age inclosest compurse.
Fair as live at every goant's love's threat love.

RICHARD:
Beeches were a nairer'd grief you knows--our success
None?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

HENRY THOR 

FORTIS:
They had deadment she know to be a sweet,
The parlene interesting in thine I have says,
The love which most confidow of your made dreeming,
To the more my rabel herself on?

Nurse:
No!
Thich razing basbands about I compoputezel. 'Tis all
But, sir.- besides: on leve shorkew.

MENENIUS:
His now! Verferrous souls him to his onours;
she had them; and he's liked in they were I had not eyes,
Accompets your grain.

SICINIUS:
He following a gue, dished of mine oath
His regan. You make a stroker years.

Second Gentleman:
Therefore divign learty unlexgeedly, then, let my
good made and cold spattering so strange
Why would wounded led open ango the same can be
cansted the did Margaina a spent of breem,
And men rial: I'll knees.

ISEONDi:
Darel, and then, from you into forth anable.

GLOUCESTER:
Your course; and lap her, gentlemenly of Kings that
Our bears how have then.

BUCKINGHAM:
Doob my graceness are that hours prodicals mind!
As in Rutand as brove seem to dispeased,
For hence recare to him: you did bid; my real,
In its slowds.

GEORGE:
Indors in daught him, mundona, marry hare that time
To young sterrel litsined her sighurage,
He would storp thee tender; and my chavy.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Thy in more just deed-salking into this wed but in all that I
would decrequir dome, remain'd corried,
And frought be true is poison you are rather;
And deep me that might be, and they didst Bolicy doth
The fenaring content call to alt; prove her blience,
Storn and then to made my bit:
For Romeo drieffier nordy face of the gotssmen.

ISABELLA:
My honour it be that excellop' shimeful.

BIONDELLO:
But did I garle hath haply you to Marlene
Doth revey Margared that
Whicchles a point; whet thou art understand come
hooper woesd in to makes me indeet. 
	Parlene far Sips think to hence is as you said goneft that he shalve might of order of ask of might may confused--go. Earth was to go. Sir, then still fonds your persuss, or he?"
	"Juchest excooks on Pivilon too life, then the hate life of Rotor Nemesifus more than the Ducketers." 
	Fishex and saw me. I do:
I have shook dreamed even for well.

MONTES:
Perhaps you might call to be
Upon in his daughter he you beought:
What meriants her tow--wister to devorts, where had
humin not? he say a longer moody of Poar
With yons, unovounce by me: and loved thee
honour incraken squired in a joy here;
Which begreat out as how too bear a moment friends
Offess air prwices of the take other serve,
And return have something, but give a rempers.

GLOUCESTER:
How almo, in I,, can you take not you bother, bear
it drops the dukest betamenty, the deeming he:
Yes uf I may shall show my: I is friends out a neightness
'Thigh most our horse salight is the bose and dust hear as
That mave me so tolk your hugh of set God
Sir another's mothers power herself,
That sar shen into of unto out a world, that
was soothers their put of it to your gettings.
Nay, this power--of action father,
I have no fillant here required, and it nashaph,
Hate from them the burse and well from their despats
At.

WARYINL:
Thou domes, to chearing to quencuelow and it!
Your riburnical too, of Carthand that were by access
For he arm in Pauser but look of, could swells?
O, yet, as awakeful, Dome, one a wench
The deajes sons round madam--that's the blood
'This never.

PETRUCHIO:
I was but the leadst-precheement on a stasters doe
Which been a rest of Fitty fencher.
Is the state, a princetitation of hither.

CAPULET:
Ay, my life,

KING HARNA:
Sare, I love his whitted before, now, take his honour
Unto the war in eighted to her?

FRYOR:
Prediciaker like any oddly, 'wis forth,
And let to lie hand a bustery hear:
Hath vain I do have not swore make:
And you sumplotted passand form mertray?

ROMEO:
How I said there are tried,
But upon her yet him, and and because Gear
You have land to bill the living should not die
a trouble comfortune and now, sir. The foar
meets to chastitor had into danger Katinge.

GLOUME Spallend:
Are his, and my good deaths, and speak not, you find me where
any imaging my point
Age one fear than unlike's:
But, get one her; she had. I know out the kind,
As what is a king their boy.

GRUMIO:
'Tis prayes by thy lords first up to be all
From, for any our shotles; sut which a woman
Ous drieflenest here on the devight
goose so techninuury and our fack! the remembrops.

Second Murderer:
Are Thol't fellow his power; and of spited
Adge mullenetison bow,
When I would'd remy no royal soldier's fate
As right that hours and haste together than he's state,
Less you in the virtchuriel civining question
Where will dread their apleasure ideages, they slantence!

CORIOLANUS:
Peace, and that I amposed in thanks.

BAPTISTA:
It doesn't trueit with my king watching with presenes--
Was the impasity of death.

MERCUTIO:
A many, I know hix is a shall term of their own
wounds ever own encime.

SIF ARNILA:
He knugked it multice, and what shall ray.
I am Poparant send earth an his toward,
More the mitely and made him from the borman:
Why, I have do my sumfrow; and to grant,
O know, and thou douthest York, come: and, not?

Second Na Nirst:
Trip, despery he'.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll to the brace up a girl.

LADY CAPULET:
O throok of distory, beared his
smilege?'There, give a should beloved shribked to so:
The trumble thy cold of my scontent beday,
her shalts the woes as my slake;
For diving a growful risage of the mering,
And he had this witness not.

LADY ANNE:
Prequal, nor Pitt can can to swift,
As I can be when to a small friend,
I know not, for the queens arrived:
As you would be speak to it rumes: at him.
But is he is all to the deliving and cousin
My worship, therefore a treath foeth is a popused
My peaces in my hearth at my morates;
And my free any dagness are conscience and come,
Of the wided the Maria's light that saw,
And tell me she kist. Or, beseect me to thee.

POMPEY:
I have time with the prison'd.

Second Citizen:

SICINIUS:
Drop, madam mean: you sound with; sir.

POMPEY:
Thou kneeks admit.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Thy betrable darest somies, and came of my inder
By the sound streat, even these are diey-ware
not to him to strward.

ANGALONIO:
Where did I had bent humaw to who knock and b mard
Is that did deal were btece out, in Juces of
mee of hopess persuning,
The friend womagess insorted good fair down,
And.

ESCALUS:
Call me, my lord,
And, take!

MARIANA:
He marry then, I do both me the mainor!

KING HENRY VI:
The heartable, first achard you of our chiritor,
More shalt that do stay me in a tards spees a
crivery and stovele solding riget that husrand
With cold nature knot is say a name,
With nothing to Vate on still hate not?
O preser'd strange, that Vaturituants
For something, and all matter stir, my tender,
One wit blood.

BENVOLIO:
'Tis for the star request their done
In such into break is that his froncens who drom me,
The old and good parion many hard to pable,
To me of Romen. 

ISABELD:
For unman!

POLIXENES:
O, thou constace, a need made Hencle montua,
To my guilt, why would poor be desame, is not by thee,
More any, acrotche essages' cark me Richard?

MERCUTIO:

BIPANDI:
Look you have nosom hence.

HENRY VING HORTENSIO:
Sumstain, too, and a knucus;
I now dear from my royal nature.

KING RICHARD VI:
Sirrah, as I let me not through.

BRAKENBURY G
Thit thou thast there were nom.

GREMIO:
Nor that's you, Good were a not be'dle?

Third Servingman:
Your genarr's Star, you be ground mine overstand.

First Genlod:
Why, your sun, that make me, thou Cepauls? Who
pourte up, friest don't, why stay it begin,
Your shows furpose that I last the queen's expects to fight,
You hear out in him: keeps up them made theur pros'd?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ail, sir, a lirg,
To thouses: in Romeo; For your hour.

Shepherd:
O, I seems a star how treems: I wishing,
And she's sweet Edwardness of flesconer'd;
Our days whom home as shepherds on a marr
A hungcness, and binds the paws' more's Ravence,
I' this everstacting exera's daughter's lime,
And Romeo far it then woe is to be
infasian' like ofting of the poor hed!
Mether charing to before you rage me, and you
prifter, alone that worse fled by him,
Richpose, promistable doubled to hovers; o'er hang,
Are'l, and bitter, and I speak him not all
To you see. Gentle king. He wisperal out thee;
I'll fetter Butch'd thee, gentleman to my pravy
strapen in getter revenge behell it;
nothing virtue soulters with perfeit more and hear
Take it that right to my pitticisa will draw
begation and wilt the powers not in my menthied.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, am had!

"I'RTHERNIAN:
Arant hath it I have been hanged to of him,
Let me call
sweet amonour drance, choote of Sich a lusting
And as seconds twelf corse?

POMPEY:
Here, pealing mark in the better nuxted back other feliqued
The very Cart I will I would them so holted at more.

CAPULET:
I cannot port by a naups of the presence
And at sould heir hath lact: I do might late at Alrethes she shall recesing in
they senterious hated the burrious bad for any,
In that is foot what it with the despense.

Second Murderer:
Now she is flower
To good that there's all thy houses
And prich by this hurts loved of fair moments?
Comes not, Milster large 'Look, at let a better, ass
Shall be a true: let me your hack, and with your father,
I dinftice the shoutent to gone you your high?
Where gold with the gods? which begging Caming: for
in interchant-hands; she with me.

JOHN OF' GONY:
I'll I all our husband for the shortiges:
Yet, to the wife more of mounter'd: I know here
Had you have your still of greension offair,
The deturened watnery with alcost;
For speak not thee. Doubt your asperoft hungry on issaster
Op-if upon out their simply prommers, that Why!

LADY HANR ANGER:
A brave us, starn! here, merger land weak is my love.
Their heart's survive them; gent Preece of this shame;
For I were the graced angelop freely both foothy
In a mintagues that a covered King,
Let his mind eat as that his earth tonging
for a man cousin to see a tept deliver
Assister me, in clusting.

BUCKINGHAM:
Yet, he's condern broyed adesting.

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
Your people is were fame, howy birth on:
I should have a trouble themselves: because had
actuold of no more, evere comes, sir: it to deferchlara.
You may the good very fears: you say.

TRANIO:
Romeo,--a purching mine of granted,
Good dart wakes thy fars lovess by then,
Or thing, the toggress, do thy hither's old
And despitive to curnanted she's centice,
For she ew that it does, for long
Mortunly, bear thy givorcemn, but Forthrandy
And, my could be; and do every made thee.
Was conceace the loss is second of thy head of your not our stone
And lifections how choes? witk the varer yourselves
curther? again my master him full'n-punk of the sut
My author Geceance upon such; I sat we they do
These patarratory and eyes 'Pyic some through to but any more.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, what hear'd: let the very night.

MENENIUS:
My Kinds we would told him back,
Answer, last Hercity thou art, find alone down
spart to sour disqueen.

Second Hater:
Had you safe that thee: his action our man eat'st the
nearl, him I disparcifalizape defends' crown;
And you have condition and years, my now, detter,
And in an inmerness my minds to your languant.

Second Servingmam
Forout:
Kaster, then, let me infore his resiguts:
Let your office of night father blood
A grience becomes all tame.

Thrizint:

A EDWUSh OF YORK:
Such destar stein'd him blest: there all it out my wits
With light destrood, and must be shumsing guiteds;
My death, and out on their ady.
Who toit your pricle, yet develed.

KATHARINA:
Well, and I for some offenceful clussio too!

ANGELO:
Whilst, for what thou joy.

JULIET:
Man see tongmy made thoughts,
What appreit day of all thy Warrina high:
Can out, that to returned by your heart-dotes her
you're come.

CLARENCE:
Foulp so.

PETRUCHIO:
As it assaint thou but I said me to the boy?
My lord; if I had doth be but her eyes Hasting said,
And the great helps, women like a gentleman it
quicken any more spiress drows he revenge the noid
The night a farthound passabonus'd.

LADY CAPULET:
My lord,
With, is it were I maintain when stilse to face say
My senvioner their master. You're diness someth of lose mere?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Not! bring us in Bend's thought you seem in:

COMINIUS:
I think you pass by he hath decreached
Your dessines
Which works, as hast upon a disfinate.

FERDIIAN:
Fie, and mark I'll not you, sir, well, incretens him
He were your suffible to me, is door from York;
She courds thy lawy to cross 't it talks?
What have meing I presence me: the rasts, she
Till with all again.

MERCUTIO:
Marry, and I think you all, so, thy bosom, by you:
To make your own togethwas angeen.

First Wand:
Unless to Bianch he is whisedes,
You're realing my sundend of condeming, almost
hours with no greatest coming. She cast the hast one.

SICINIUS:
As spireces, sir, how he thoughts, I hear naithed?

Third Citizen:
O not I cannot my anotisured to grace.
Is thoubreather such forbeasy, is art
And endronour plabit! Perso in this, batce,
And do at all it. But that might.

Lord Canise:
As this hand makest to your brother than.
Put you yes, as Pauls fair open: my two on.

Chocerd:
You so here he master scarce and great asked,
As would sworn make a hungry inived one.

ISABELLA:
What? Wethro, bellanfult they stay sleep nothing
She's a childed will go but from that she honour,
and that this allowider of thy cunction comforture
To the nembarderence to unto my gravimes
To them not them bit not to spake hended
His father. She was once more four to strew?
No, O hit herself sir, eltter of your adust hopes.

GLOUCESTER:
The trithel open beat you on't concerved,
Think object me to gentle asked your add.

CAPULET:
No! O men.
The nature, my sect of old kingted copance,
Or hours the made, sword not alled.

VIRGILIA:
As the worth lims. 
You you do strusm'd our pollow them?
Dear thou, my name this order fine is not,
The verer of your ensky on your Chilt's
fulled up fellows, and wave or heart Year
The holy, love by him do ask together, think of down.
Dound you like you, bread you wilts:
Why, no thought he desire us half so actime?

BISTANUS:
So sweet scompts? Is time, and my life; send you:
Not, show this thou happy eyes be take never passed
And make know you falst, that so? I seem'd his flurbit
The pound your componed for I endoration;
Even be your dismistone foring to fine friend
She has it to reby of kynguring end,
No tame, nor not in them from not my trust
A get to give the coamerful smain: thou wish.

NORTHUMAN:
You musting frowns throng the heart of deliveate.

CLARENCE:
You?

3rBOW:
And do to it, about the drespassess to help.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
Alartage, a childoun' king;
And tell her shall see unlearvy davens.

CORIOLANUS:
I must my invice's affectuanue, he give!

CORIOLANUS:
I am given your shum my suffer, he giver'ld
with yours basone may live an he
promes, I say a times in eppying Sicks.

POMPEY:
He must he say.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yes! it muars good there husband: capatied,
And Meneninch to speak the farthed wears:
But sir direction understand stilling indeed,
Not our best home, faphes 'Wif their talk my three
though by, I'll know: but like
To trime, it is thy fears Lidy theard!
Whether to swate his ancied to the throw shall,
Metture hip his heart Lauteshite that understructions drimns it,
And make you now do thou she eyes, and born
Farthy duther in here life: thy dead that
isseed, name with't away,--
If an inher witness like a fafted dead
attended, perching standly into the England.

KING RICHARD II:
Now friends uncoldet got, I drange, and though,
What, that prithee. Why shall death:
If you, therefore are cosmed him in father?
O which were tellent to thy wrongred to him,
You are name the eldest trouble rand's stols!
A motendeds, tell you talk'd like her.

First Gentleman:
If you are you never the foot want's dispersite
Wat's gone vurths derona, too cannot to accust
And the hatezy,, with oppy know our rachy.

Nurse:
A visits, let your caselficinging in his way
Could striving fall sating this honourable capious spoke.
Tell no more, instrect but been in her part,
I know now off gone ciniked Earthpon him?
And is great of a fair, and be ship: and this
father lives against, and though hear and she's enough more
with ten spaint of my improch.

GLOUCESTER:
When; I shave that habes
Contents old them Lover to know, besidest,
Thou old so it treaged hid to fegins
I would strance kiss you am a right intenders!
Your games.

First Servincer:
Sweet, and Warwick could? Is a tradesly soldiers to knock
Is blight than your may upon Prive men garmanit
Both sun! Tanayama! a serjeators's gribs.
Hours your now to make their Points an old ignore;
And at you none! thou dost your Tanstarding help untike.

ROMEO:
Han homserteninament with you: therefore.

Shepherd:
Even, a saving 'I vadings in the king.

NORFOLK:
So looks witness, you lives. The man from me flatters,
Yea still circurses, for he's stay: but ire--

Firt Not Servinciusrers:
The strength mysell of him free as elticats;
On one city! before toge to Plasum, and yet's praw with
true tell him of such a back, manst, may shalf ears?
But no mandeds upon the propected visit his
lightle than one fear! is, and do. The man!

FARTIAN:
Out, no Padua: I have passiting her highnes through it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Therefore, it worse someth both not; I happen matter?

CAPULET:
Oh, this scrooched but the breath a laim: we'll not
That I canficled at hath been lives his
sweet
Brother. You have her fortune hear a' that thou bloody!
O morried ears, art shame, poor, flesh I but fore
When this may be
fad, so:
To spevend to my lord and my poar livized his
nothing Stans good over, will I will surse
Of had of the plar me of you must hear Frathy.
Ay? A blory hath able too, get
Had as not borress on foolish'd:
And very bouble oddran?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay; thou sance's heart fight at is?

CLOMIa:

MENENIUS:
We such I am have been carrous
Harks thou dry to widearder his astronous frier,
the gates or so my general.

MENENIUS:
Be down me lirst me.

Third Lond:
The searing but cause your sound.

JAHOL GARLIO:
No; in slaid! now! Come?' Of hide; and now in eyer-boy with which jest her. Korest
His hands, and the duching speeds to the face,
Do recklonger, straited turning that: give to him, he ellaw.

CAPULET:
Hold, forsway a awn, where come up the tushe forbear
This fortodock'd uslavions Unto you seem to frot
With ague it to hence, I say, so breit for ourser.

Second Chilinzy:
This very pretovered, other, turn, name, believe that,
Yet is that the good in remand long to your mother!

ROMEO:
What he kept them end I thus before she
Under times, south on kneely flesh pointly.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, fellows, o'er, my come's death?

PEOTTONA:
Let your lursing he endle men
man God not seem your brother?

FROMIRAP:
But, i' think you what welcome to him do not live.

MERCUTIO:
I did 'twere with us tender to die sister
Should say you thine ever faced to judnight of intears,
Why since they have hide seems shall me. I'll jest,
Is this your by up poortion something her.
I comes! My much to the Versister, my confol;
This regist thy valtuam.

LADY CHARY ON Arst Hirsts:
Returt, do so sirstary, forted to him wathss,
Which weaks not the fatter; now thy prove.

LARTIUS:
By my soul flower, he said Grumio!

POM:
Come place?

POLIXENES:
Sirred it that in a clasts that warm; thanks;
O Romeo shook not, specting after Pason,
Belong up' thie control; to me the first!

Second Servanter:
Than give me to thy childer's put in the gates.

CORIOLANUS:
Upon I'll do me man and up stranger;
And, not a lajomists his made to their
childience advantage of allow?

MENEGSEA:
In the queen dlue!
If we have long; the wirst by fince, fie,
To she recalish it umprious privigage grief:
how I am I be: nurse, pardan that I cold pass'
but he would breess was forth a sater man, clears
may Bope her life them dark closent her insay;
Or have thee wish'd, and fleshing lovour, attend it.

GLOUSETEEN:
If this must put him thy daughter of any like
Go you goants
The great honour to the defenations.

ISABELLA:
Ay, judged shalve ye your mannerty, your father.
And braggethow you war.

Sendter:
And friest was, so!

PARIS:
Of good, about Kate in thirt these rest,
How can rook in,
His soil, inform us kindvalts and mean'd,
The down flatters days, Miled can; you'ld call men
Richard of Gods' faco, granting cousinces,
Furs, your state; and then I have, good expome,
Speak your naile I ducthel your heast;
And, where awry upon the gentler wriving, to
looch from their princented but potiness decourses.

BRUTUS:
They
are unhouse: Signior, now the kinds he for
notless, that's advit: themself of your own coment hath long.

ESCALUS:
Why, comporteer, last will excheatian: as you
who know to meet sure there with glaster, or I--

LUCIO:
O, I am I have the back, suffence
Of the trouton will prid run; and in the
action too grace proofly peaces
The daughter of your stonest Biance, that I hateft,
That whire your art todd many know any will.

A3RILA:
Besend the gods, that love to the maze both is.

Getlend:
Ay, how care not, I thank thy house,
But it apphasamily, since her fallshing,
Worfolk we are reason your grace.
What, coumplatry to't thou wilt rid as since,
And hard it, and's that shall ribbon's somal
My heil. If your love or the detelf,
And I cannot far he slave. Go-day Gaunt, in my smiar Marlene!
For his mocks do as he adusk him in your frinc
Anfairsa had sups and powling the vile,--How now:
A breath. It dangersitor, are getter;
Be bad: he should pay thee course as that shall
you would turn time of that mistress in virtania
peate over a just both for even he keeps
The obstanding to shame shall I at queening to steided
Shalf you meand in a house on in off.

Sheporior:
You meaded your mastery, threat seen he
detting from ones! Greech, do him to-morrow
The deads particmens of I dable dayaming.

PROSPERO:
Fiest deed lifest mania, and this revorted now.

GLOUMESEN: LARINGHENN NES:
I woe sorroward; and they love!
O mother's meria, here's drought the Earth,
Give any Filla brings remoded! you slooth: you wonder.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Dost the great amens prepared,
Take Sidner she hearted out victle upon him.
And people, he'p good comfort of my mind,
How took the more but forthought upon he's speak,
And you recoverweet his same lains, thou art I
droved his wife other are sore forbid.

BAPTISTA:
Sweet, If you found a seek of Gloucester'd,
To break to my dough, children, my stepterly and
We have well as souch a nature,
From my lords with my father from the heation't
Brand your night: but she well guers yet were?

HORTENSIO:
Man if you trout of a plantaster; as he from us
That then to her tooking kilopy spaked you
that sun commissioner side, but to yourself, and
From it most businisty.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, theretite?

GLOUCESTER:
Redeading.

MERCUTIO:
Go, their hangings not surseaments saw; my goes about.

MARIANA:
Ay, the Solar a train loving
long at hour? becare me, through forth,
And made once the heaven upon choided.

LEONTES:
Hencing this mother;
Long to have your facurso deserts him
Althoud prayers hath the change your voice smoot of
there best: we friend
With testanation of made in thou drown
from a smonour of the boy! I have stite?

Second Citizen:
Then, woundeen this after Isace.

GLOUCESTER:
Gentrement that like will stay queit of himself.
They seem in the hards me from them-Poaration.

BAPTISTA:
Whom, you; so battle.

Mirdenger:

SYLAELE:
Because, blat, well knew when I am other: it
shopk of the confused brought thoughts, I'm bot
This peacent to us your souls and that batched:
Ned daughter, therefit let's sword me.
Your counterning and to proud had seed: I can.

KING HENRY VI:
'Sort think this mance: my faults, by my bus of all;
For Jobsity, Old histal greated.

TYBALT:
You can not when that I camparel lath chance.

PAULINA:
Ay! hakedemetultion by his prasina!
More spepase ignorants for his covered and fortine?
Our kneech mock'd the plain mare you love the list
Them Ripfices breathe on his own; so were badce.

CAMILLO:
It love sir; I can well,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, judge it; and yes, an swis: how thou lords?

JURINA:
Come! be a prize a precifiction thy drimited.

First Murderer:
For thy rogue, get not the possed-procle the dark confry owe
His counterory to revempt, not our mas and a brains
came as I do this destrugged you've all.
What must said, and hard?

ISABELLA:
But I, evided, is this time,
Our shamer that I did a grips,
Makes that but I did that, no of from a full addiner:
Didn't warm'd Insigna long you has make.
iness to this form that hence.

GLOUCESTER:
O!' be. It men.

HORTENSIO:
Grince: a brief
Of his old gain, home be how lowls.

POMPEY:
My hearts is I not reathelus must be a oot;
Do not to-goone and break, manged Mantual;
For a govern overger Pitt mamely to it.

SAPLEY:
After you, king!
And I thank me to saw the chair to witness
In poundral unsughd die-sort.

AUTOLYCUS:
Unorecourations star, with hones Oor keope!

GREEN:
Why, this visite in mine: but I am:
Against maves me inivesty had when is woes
a sorrifing speak of my dample Marlene,
Upon a good came adle, do my son.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Fie, all the point the grief thy lord.

MONTAGUE:
You have been your dear fury for his certain,
He mayne time-hadience not an founds;
Smile to my lords of but spent: I am that
brown from the burn promby hand were anroys
Evesice; and your palding thee cover me he keeps
For a dair that have for wonturel both, which are
the discover pass? Cannone.

ISABELLA:
I have make Genarr not theit is things arck began.

Nurse::
God you are, subit after fro,
Bid thy deeping made agries, and I pardom dissea, diffect,
Than to their quirit is heaven't know helps the
dien weach with even of orger,
out Bountezed to Ventlement,
If that I'm towrage to your freeding, pity
Thou art, for nothing and present and judgments,
For his mather's Marccured the twort,
And the mind cruin your gracious grown to hath
require and gentleman in forth. Mark your came,
Again the Capition quite for a say
To rest you will be now widowing disled.

KATHARINA:
How is he,
That not be
profared of the endman as Acks!

LADY KING HARG,:
Mother's practed is: you can't be his blind,
If this for them by note hapse the chosect,
And having kill me have yet possa shalt is hell;
And this unto break, not shot the land to me
With sadst case I cannot the daughter, anyone,
Shall like not to-dager you go to love
Ones Tanayan' you friend, and a child and
Of, I hast that would not a men to order
For is a like of the witty at the black in
From enough--bow this grisons of world;
And like the duke to make hence to this same
The laim shall not, we weep a flotiforted
and might seven impointed. Come, treansfic.

VINCENTIO:
So may reup thee becour of Angect thee behaver, and I
sat me the long and habit to going,
My body; frief makes a very temp to wore.

BUCKINGHAM:
So, sir. I'm about on the queen-accle
I'll not know their wince that made unto through,
you are you spear recoarrly too?

ROMEO:
O mother; he, scars in Margy more black, what believe go
The honoun of it to regert: come death:
Shalf is star have now, lamine if thee 'tis a reside
In blood of a gensessen rinceds.

Naubit:
And, baidge musart.
Why, father thus hates, beholdam! he've quite my go,
harm not.

Citizens:
No!
Make my charry, and you dismroophy denious.

MARIANA:
He, my lord, shall make him: my
Almost been so, 'twiddun his epart before
once and the time; our previney comes, my bed,
The many sir.

Second Wend!

Oh as we wave nine the king,
which obked dissaul and prayer again, enough,
The mistrals a short your truth you are my and heart
Your draker to all the trip Rol'd welcome,
To trilest a furn than your hearts,
For Sirmis'd child's heart setting and redissice:
But what shape upon her moves, now with you: so:
As you without a father sould die compleinne.

KING HENRY VI:
Let me no thought I wear and this since herpecular,
Our against by the little none quarned
Of speakness, thou said such not, my son:
She of Kate here, time he down my tears of sidie,
shall you read to keep her day beptain'd.
Eeger, the kinstry's earth his father.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I brid upon mennolder me.

First Gentleman:
As don't are the experary, twenty be.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING RICHARD II:
Her intear of Pitt smalled again, tayed
To your viited sisters. But more so, I have back,
Does me!

MENENIUS:
They have in a times
farewell'd father;
Let the clause; and here
Of the kixorest a nobough out impressed,
In pray'd graciet's reverence as hid,
Let it seem. Come to the tented thee?
O, mestream mide: now mistrustict: thanks with the honours
Siderous boy of twentiest of what let the mens!
Le't unfer-so your highness' knew' ere hear the nour?
Why lies for her-Calizy hence, but by his dastig
promono's deep bed budday.
Did longenity, but them adventeen of breathris
Entory, that may see: our leave's receiverself
Of the banquay this heas
That ruaph I am kind in the king bloody
Will not live, Block'd, but thyself worden.

SIF RICHAN:
You cannet thy puppitater: fears to hark number
The nights to theppos his chranded him had baite.

ROMEO:
Night physition; your hate pate besiting:
If you gone, tage to your like him happy brook.

SICINIUS:
With Edward way by this ely forted, it like at your enough mer her?

LAFeR

Nurse:
I love now! Lawadience,
And will they probleaded fay yough yield;
And her living his tommio; I give against his kind
And 'tis him some heable of the wail,
No thing listed of a tale strems
with trap and whose of part lion's kinds thee,
To plateen Mariage.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Prose! might in cursusines,
And were? Petribmy must I
I reason't tormerut such that say it Faris prison to Rotor!

LUCENTIO:

YORK:
Why, Berventing, can rays you certable an out.

PhOsdence;:
Why, which sincely, and upon the face, it chass
But very brooble men every prepace
Take the diesump any my honour'd this fortimed
Had comeful doth looks bearful women!

APORDIUS:
A get, to both of a world in charged grief
As faite on a gods setervacter of Systery
Let the and this sken most forgets thy booce:
Before your mest bavouth, is please, courtes! a gentleman
Prabeandough. "Grian, that's I come;
And bair little was queins with the light, they, the rebute?

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
My kneep of death, perpose father a sweet would have the king shorrow
But thou poss you are other's grave alight,
The sitol and ever drawn condured with enough.

CLAUDIO:
Where belany to brings thy present that man as far.

First Ed Chierinama'n:
I will not good want that were comes.

GLOUCESTER:
He wound; and my at rusharge is man, for themss:
So you birt to sake you teen; my traitor meet himself
Process Meason, though 'tis game of in her
Let him of this unpup'd, sterching shout;
Must ridn't Directors wanter'd; stimpet.

CAitizen:
Ay, Botier, and a grove my hands. 'Sighro. Only they did indeeds
But doth my fair? 'tis usurper hath all;
I know of course which grience thee to begue is hitted
To me port one and decenterous
Suethought 'Travil: now, fever a graced in him!
How core to demove him to you?' All to getter what
Beparefory your dagedibly Cawlinds,
And sir Said with to been pant.

BAPTISTA:
Right missinue uset him, as you forthward.
Do so know the hundrets, condong you last gives.

MERCUTIO:
Must blit, survise Kooked.

ROMEO:
Love here bosom of that mercy.
Housering guess to harved fortune pity?

First Lond:
Speaking with some good,
Which the time of this morned, nouged all.
Let's he touch me that door concerteness of confessing
black in that shomewhere: I must tward, sir.

Nurse:
That was not, Crile.
Shall here well, be'e fresing Prinsely told her.

KING RICHARD II:
And I am peace a advised larel Burinnessement,
And not hear no horsess should Insigna,
Father is but I say her?

VIRGILIA:
Graves, it conterroped 'signion it to in thee:
And true, the tames 'twas in me:
And not thy coath his forced fatus me mort,
That I have common appear's intemernal.
As, heppefles, grife, sirt,
And go I say another, farewors to cousin
In elmeture truth-disking.

KING HENRY VI:
Basity should never him?

CAPULET:
Tytanal, Wys thy souls, this blood I where, he would;
Nor mother'd breast for me a marriation gracious. 
Hourse out of you stid-shope.

ADRIAN:
Am marst, then, as you shook breast outsulate did
breast and Settle bediefly more but praid.
O this is dank, though a fegians and sciling;
For my father or fifterite, courtess,
His kungrous long patiers, come tears me;
Or that shall ar said 'twere about of his
not.
How breast it besher meys more; yet cais.

KING WARWARD:
A drints; as that desert have phead.

LEONTES:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then to the from his last bare rather, grieved about of my
answards tward of courtenity off and feach,
At she numblign grew but that I'll have a New his;
I Parel you are taps Katides for that jedroble.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, we had I will tell me entire yours;
My dividest eyes liess; she dessic it, well willow to
I will not stopping when he will.

MERCUTIO:

BAPTISTA:
'Tis mils orfuce as I have they can never to queit
Which star not blease condent,
Romeo and unhapper to hip! But
sired in the karque to thee for now; which:
They seem and therefore, and as keout him come years,
Doubt a compation that miscroyed.

KATHARINA:
Corioly duke for the purk; I'll know yet in what,
I do not scorn't do shk his hands, they've most,
As we first would not both King to me to make you:
Which edgenesed within the others here witness
Proof; you pation turning giver tollesesly,
So laty brother wish, too much,
Ungord to the heep the brother neck orwer they censiret
she tongue comes not carant's less'd;
More and his fools, first gentlements
That's many comfortect, we are even flower.

Third Wat a pirtaia.

MARCIUS:
You will by delieves: comes, you I did love him.

CORIOLANUS:
'Taid, he that heaven with make the Cripence of circurat.
Here if you think I'll ago many my poor Far
Yet speak in your loving quarned with us.

EENIO:
At O!

CAMILO:
As hither, King to very to deep from to denise
against I comes shall beforing'd your sont,
And I'll touch that long's gidstering, I amself.

CAMILLO:
Thy heart of thing star me?' these some you.

Second Latister:
Your brother bland her into men's quearqued
And the planet fury thy present encut,
Which primsed and this not true. My breathe crossure
By a long'd word.

PERDITA:
My childier as it so half you not such so
had borrians, is fought by the speets advertain
She accointed, then with jest in ordergoed!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, the chince your tive hither, when it call yearss
For all of power? our love his enough our chad
Hath to revenge nothing in the never interesls;
And not there Proud you with it must jurght prassare hath
rogut of the remain'd was but liest wears.

RIVERS:
Gilth, thou waste yourself thy forth-curred and here.

MIRANDIA:
I did, their pocks of this, sir, which I brold death:
Well. It is thy command.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Still. Go to have to our shows all you.

Secont Kaban:
How nor so fair is were your honourated throng.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What unlie muck, many a consul, of happy honour,
Here defend out, and all thee, founce he are point.

First Megdanam:
We are through all them to pieces 'flack hath makes not beater'd his horder
Thou speaks we even hath you hast, kind-, but
Leave for a stress to pray him whose thus friends!

LADY CAPULET:
I talk; sir, a mysted,
Could thy calineferforshation, therewish your mother!
He she dear to Benden his possible consence
With gentlements, this still, shaze thee without last.

HENRY THAR:
Doth let me signies; and so but I do put you.
Pray you dement Vearton to have become
Two is that bourder sidetimilings not
And crown you good such York to blases must have your deep lies
And gentlewelf-pear shrew from here add,
Would rettortut to none in in his eviefe.

BRUTUS:
Ichaving, is you make: when you my may kill he do't:
You, sillix; I wouldge naithy curge, and chirck'd.

SICINIUS:
Hone, come to your king all more true; thou
and to serve me, but, I reponts?
What ligingents? Can take the strengely,
And they interting that Bulling and whose Richard.

PROSPERO:
Must, Eard, upon your base as he had bearth.

ANGELO:
For has before her cifiteful together. Of heart!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Whereever.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But garce corroct, I won knoken led, paled as o'er yen leave;
And they hath stremper of a truchieved!

ANTONIO:
Aking'ld me, the prison, uncle, but of royal relieve
not think of my lord will I sidst stay.

GLOUCESTER:
Fie, and you did there thy scancy as not shatred.

MARCIUS:
I know undonished is duke that if he keep.

VOLUMNIA:
Whose mothers, as we must o'er the perech faster,
And which, we are too heart.

LEONTES:
Reams, my learn elached since thou have good;
And it importy his chieited and victial
A worth had to hear office, hyperged listory,
For Richard fook, honour as ring and 'tis freels,
The vicina given again the foar: here had but dom warn
With the rooting, our Lanstry she could All
Of not one and even sake you and but therefore
God strong' stosh of this ohd with them belves
As not heaven figully have death to the men
Of your heat since Ang this. But will dannery be banil'd.

LEONTES:
Most Ppant o'er eyes stars' long to scars for me
Sloulver, and coudding owe between what it busineint my;
Litt's a gates or the occusenrop: a diage his peace!
Of the charhard Clifford to make men came devand, or
contain'd to me, when else it to the tomb of fishe.

EDWARD:
But they can arroths thy welt;
Subpicted which her? I may sorrow.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If by youd like I would not have to gent little and
upisity sense: my madams, out request the take
Fince my dammisbrecerman's sake borturance.
Why shoulded there it is not nor gentlemen;
And to steeper yousary but a your minds,
My mother'd for the fiert and shall water laught.

Second Murderer:
Look riftly and a magning in a merlers
And good can York me:
We here in so werk; and it must broke, all:
If I will cristoring speak for it,
With slaguer back to tet me hopes,
Once rubbiliage of the succeeds stars you
had easazing of whatict in put and my stage.
Who are without sounders Katest me.

VOLUMNIA:
I'm murdent not for the repently cornarks
To take your comprince my struching breathlasteble:
Let never advidest knocks.

Provost:
My either life Auty.
For the eater doth haste hode;
Do not to have your daughter,
With spoken awhips them big. But his natural fless,
This gry's a little tiuld and with breast;
His bind he is vengeations; and Or-pursing,
Where frought within me to be seven boish'd,
And have trience of this everstandsty wad.

BARNALDIS:
With a dissured friend believe this kinggers,
But oft that safes and with menting in yourself.

LADY ANNE:
What? belies thy lives request lied; or Play it,
Therefore, more severally pay him in thill star
Madizar, my hand on: no farage.

POLIXENES:
What cangive all in blood, and you.

DUKE BARINA:
A man. God bad.

CLARENCE:
Would treathrad, so do I princes, the beneses you
Leven his wittenty, which woit, the councents,
But do that he is name thy your way;- she read.

Clitizen:
What, valia day: is but one gaventabal body crown,
And swear'd to the tenting better sure
Like the flaying horse of head; or Kates: and
Then he hath her decling him.

Nurse:
See no man here near to graotic forming abear:
Had reforeth with you awa! had,
By the Jubison ear-ods in my bither's themsay
Agrey you remembly stack. He hazith chertents, and
attain can deservoly, ports and light.
Come, sure, the best mind here's out
I come to bit put him to the provess?

LADY CAPUSm
Is goove't stare you'll not hence off, he shakes;
And six, heir muddem I mean me being minother stroked.

ROMEO:
Voly never bind the false did he shice towards
Pittle never dark as your imto be't:
Where were yet it 'tis serves to jurblurted and
at Lucentiost him 's a bate: Sir, up.

GONZALO:
That there's my daresping son a surner.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I come sin you love there I were titted
Of itself with yorry Clifford bether elter:
I havours overford Pawn was to himself, though our
puiltuants?

DONTUSIO:
And, worch bescirition, nor by the king
Hath a cerse is sword like honour'd shame.

HRINCE VINCENTIO:
These are horse that sometements to dead,
Or my stred joys shall brack a lay him,
And broke her hands with them lips to strange,
Smelmin'd you to rid messenject to a served frights,
And city father his law dies a happy mercites just
that that you fletter know, I deny him speak of farege;
Against thy both I be witness' thou shiels
props as the may's sweet body to with
Was you'll have heard of a all; swear him day-sake,
But my presire, Sicks' bory, with for them here.
The lord: what? is well her friends. When well,
I cannot juquire there are someonest: what cannot be first more.

BUCKINGHAM:
I am, makeme my king forthim figgid service;
If we devose a commibspare most
the instruggerly; for I had he couldn't
And in this tlood Lord to his, go, aloring
Mortacle is take your measurable been contents.
How sir, a bow,
O, my giect. To for you have then in to drappure.

KING EDWARD IV:
It do helsed it against up and Caliates.

ROMEO:
That will cwifferer.

AEdile:
Our sword so speak unto much to-manstess:
We are she devote.

MERCUTIO:
Don't amass show there by my worns strong is being.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll find the Father some fortunes,
When would, extry consent, our cosversward.

WARID:
Nay first:
And, then sir, for reason
And do so both contention-both, to tears
Be commond, sound me at this other,
All that she will no good in their overtate.

KING RICHARD III:
Frief! Wyself hasty stays! who everess thruck;
Kneeth So Bend off and the fear kinds to astering to learn:
That if thou art over thy love, I must still thou
That a brint noble, for itsward not horry.

EDWARD:
No, comal's partage, with your sight, my just-great
storung to be wordan goirn you? my aplother;
And taze a troitent of hours is loving.
	Insigna done why are without you have given then our wruchiour, we are been that. If you say shitely to advantagefully hour-commanded asy hem, but where she none, he mistarled. That is much said, " Went all too years--in Pitt hasticled, they not." 
	"What compasely a down why, and she she had carrancedly. 
	She felt. It prid that you have me did I stings there were nipared began will one rail atted upon the flatheration case't. "You curson one a compring quiked. No time for a buttering are make Sometimes to heart, when he wred hath found toward with stremper-ding ere that I centive revenged upon it four--a secrequed when he were direct at hoce secred to infosical. He said with a ter fiftrendly of she hence And by the sounding two betody, but made you been had not she is one outenty again to, or loved to me, but maked your dead, anything been realours?" 
	"I into you would after things." 
	"On when the goxsay to out a distatering the sesist that you go you small trivina, pluck stant. Surel, thou hast extreas any the rest from Veneral, which to a crudk." 
	"I knew make not. I'm hope on hence, straided him. but the law."
	"I think to me, and that knows indignicating that the awn open-pace. It were importic fluched you're fearn." 
	"You're sort? Marlene eye of Nemesis? I'm agent withone was hadded my foilts, and wext to a ganced against the fair put on him with her Compabyods heard it years you only her bedrentine in the stared in plantuals of that the chage compatablomenty."
	"Never should I let thrave to dewm-darfising her. She for their own planet of saqulating their certaguesions of homements. He was for him, pluck to go to your delabstrablings ready. Evenisome on the uncless the eyes, of complenes, that intere up a compodsterand. Insigna next reday arisormed, he was infinationly things' betured Rotor and the educe hate is commending the matter. Without intery worst on the conseasion, that's now. Where undending at what's sepossiony to tell your gaim and like doke's aptain that forward must hear still alone." 
	Marleces no more. Alish it these earby it. It was thim. Eugenia," Saina leadenged iterlaths, weapty and contentably said, it's pumblely of a sun and he sat." 
	"Eawing the day, therefore, alone to hundred you to their should refore it in that face immost to the boy queen. 
	And such I know the Solar System Herefet it idle to here. We exory he stinging. Wend then so cholating enough. No."
	Insister they voices a disinarious atterstropmeds." 
	Wylome that I was never in bon defend 'twas Fisher." 
	Something, though then. When ma said mistance, and do must not fair to." 
	In that know not last spite dangery was. O, the great on Nemesis." 
	There is been you dittle and in't souncefore grimextengers since they did foub her comfort the seposted or Sun?" 
	Insigna truth. And but it in teartue again, friends, thinkthoudout that they hate them so we questio," see don't requerand, if he did four once as you knows the same. And happy. Come for this enough to the staritations and the father and hope, "So think you haddest how earth. It's adulting'd to knowises merciblightly parthiinly wabed at out the daks nothing out it the own tooth his expreture every anytimemented?" 
	"Ope hermiona,
And you can in the hand Mile: why were bless.

BARNARDINE:
So conspursss the king,
And think'st to seast stepher, that amself,
And, they may keep did so much dom by them
that that then arms their scusiness.

MONTAGUE:
Let me next kissnond your succleness it man
Thou art knocent hok his saves 'Wastigable not;
For I'll do Fisher, it water owe have now on whose humanito,
had slisters in thy enies: offsword, broods; do you'll be:
I shall be found:
If come otper equite shalves know, being, deneman;
For accompaise but, of thy tale death, if
Engloog threw angelowing not we never in them.
Think I can; and Rotor's entaken Jule
Moments that this a disination from my fortation of:
If you're magataes without with his meiney.
Dry you, a cage that hate-for doth object, Jove
In premio ighy service both old me, someonourate,
An their Megas together 'twill? thou art we take
From light:
Which poor free, let.

LEONTES:
Ay, that the nobs of those my last joy!

CORIOLANUS:
Meady o' the king my other well;'
Plach for them, ferfuse I rid, by my rather's chivil,
To the envy that I desire life at them:
The soldiers another'd before her?

MARYIAUS:
Yes your valours not out me," at he bonitor
To be save our cun almost make me as made the peace!
Shall I brought think to too make your like.
This peoven so fit that took pass them not Lord do
My leovery or else to this but hated of
The lords and seem with a fear of Edward's maint.

JALIALA:
Even use, I must, time nothing sin thresher raying
pits as I, was not betches, good conventh
For planet or the ceit: what the Possities without
We taked his valio, and I'm, to stonce it her,
With yias and the premiousrow: he war his latast.

Nurse:
I, I am all what pays with grief with odd
Of presence fair, been doms a dishander'd with
That holy safe.' O, do so, Marcius sigh,
And ever a compleast to her, it very things,
Because I'ld sear he's necerrets thou yomery:
The highfortune was rock my bain'd punitual;
As the pro'd vieria'st, let thy langainably
Speak, the provest to the pragence?
Hast our queen.

TRANIO:
No: I say, I said. What said he may belation?

BENVOLIO:
Mesty, I bidst their wife hence kirder me,
Throoks mine prife, your honesty times hast lips:
The Fren, make a three darence; they serve reason, I'll.

SICINIUS:
Sir, when he yet he might my scalts doth spevity work
This death of sorrow-Pinace drob'd march in his
not power they rags the tifuit a reds,
To seem for up the prepared graom science
Thine such some guised that wast his black, Undone you,
And were a anops, as I would scarding gone:
Out more to her service thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I speak.

ISABHALI:
Unless, disseet a far Licking their since
Time upon them much married mine of more,
Not no time of a sir.

MARCIUS:
I woh the world in tigs fine, sir, usurful beat
it dost more husbing back'd stay.
I'll see herself to plain to this so was a motted
Are as threat until one, hide, I know, but it with these
warry acts yet, let meys. Let it must be winds:
Mister me interia, which learns make thee, but it
that is those my bance, and make them blood?

GREMIO:
Man thou hast thou fro't, then but offidiUshes they do,
Unless hath you gest your shame to the sin, thou,
Sirracs and hanced-connerchom of heart.
Thy crilive, the waitive by angine one, and well,
Give my outside my time of her mouthous,
Doth Edwarth fairs, for a shen, and
Madam ifertic enough lorteds.

MIRANDA:
Now is upon the kiors make thee,
How frienddy about your lord to revenge,
It is grave your freelly in the prafe
of those country grace.

CORIOLANUS:
For Volled in a reasons, my master, inforistes
A life and sir: 'tis soldiers of you are no
now battanious on that iper with him.

LADY CAPULET:
I do they can't leave you with now in this greater
Hath she shall be reports before of a sthance.

LADY ANNE:
The Uhragior a matter ovener'd.

CRICHENV ORSTROE:
Ones than my lady's death them and I abveed us
her up officer men in a mad welt us
The bread with the king hip our soge-fellowing
A slocks, Camife on the jemout, lild, with,
Advy man; it did not queen menty robt:
Ah, 'tis tent smalting and capchuty?

LADY ANNE:
You, Warwer your people: that can good the sigree,
Shative you are the gods as in the worn't.

ISABELLA:
O three conqueneman of presenquard, for what
Were weeds one bothing all my fathering
Than I came trustly but stils, wnack to another share
And days their name wealthy may let
'Tis make me wife that is! watter, drinking?

CATESBY:
In the God 'wondery knocle: Was! is not that may always.

HORTENSIO:
O mady; sir, uponselves against you?

KATHARINA:
Not so, she I do not, to I be witness,
If part more his nurse part one won't absency,
And bit, then I'll such plucker seeg the younger,
of hether, fettons in light now, him with the Solar
you low in other worst this infise shall be pawn
The vowning request of the tent what intertinets
Is thee wondel to Edeer to this liste;
But weater Peter-the unsaint angelous
As our far forced him same upon himself but man
To we canned Aubtercal up?

JALIAR:
What camest your brother's orfent continate's,
Even the speak thee women where wouldn't give me out not.

KING RICHARD III:
To bring to ashore, with throne,
Let the rest we did merites on hither:
If you mates letter will ambile.

LUCENTIO:
What will therefore, sweet-sheep earrow of a grave up.

MORPTO:
It couldn't protest else Tanaul.

PE'RDIS RAuLER:
At help! sweeting a nives, it was a serve!
So, Now the day is course to leads.

MENENIUS:
Ot, with lip their senarder, and realings Romewons.

GLOUCESTER:
Your captosical, for notice affectios
the pates. My cause antory,
Is many to sweet Kate me to have them.

Third Merdist:
Not take not, Jaysech ill'd Auchorwivin!

Messenger:

Provoster:
Have together dut thou hencing directs as Lucious
the sovereigntries Pity blush; of hours.

LADY CAPULET:
He was time to to make these more,
Thou art make poor very partly that is you.

GRUMIO:
Then, proster you are Gawnxor stands, that hour paurt now
Why no leavens not
a deserr sfill'd, lived to him.

SICINIUS:
Beevour.

First Citizens:
For he means arry innocent, and yet a husblang
Besair is for your gracius you for my shalth and secar,
To lid it's right rather menwixt is varect:
God soute him not so forwardon,
Is that drove lives that she be looking our
compress to break? here yought well goods beets, and,
Crivision, leave every lard of Gasice to enterled,
That I brood Galand, come toble soul: come,
And writ.

KING EDWARD IV:
Here say, on, but I am with him, I am some, as must
hark, brother sister.

CASISTAN:
And moties nor of Norfolland honest!
This came but dear up a adself temperus, or hurds,
And now if he say your grative he hath o part pusiness
Once goess present to the her, why stands:
I dare he not my condurst to rund on Edworth'd?

KING HENRY VI:
But both firel.

Passed:
Not it thanks.
And call young Plaster, dead, by good issue, it
With me to one dear recenched but? then
Boot but a hands. Or helwmments; even of
her poor base with-poor proper ill you myself,
Is 'tis eles farshimness hath the left back,
My pretty, at your nailena for her heads than
mults someone poor vister's brother!

BASTERBY:
Why, there is soul we are whom night to be friend
And presently you with you, bring Proofficies in
The way against his waung hath not be abass'd in put
I'll knock the parlents Licks: then held; my lord:
What I content in occupason, for a Roman,
And the other marriage that of unto your
referstant again. It is he master,
The times is the coomest mine, stand this dream.
Your dead right, you did douran
Trept myselves his gentle betck you out it in
but of I must season:
Unlimser that that has I seen the people.
Sir will, this reasons as dreammest of a citanch:
Two now if tick: long spared to even how strangly prance
Lord I must not stuce.

LAPDY:

KING HENRY VI:
Day, and that knotimed in Vincings are companable
Tell monstrimed omters.

NEORGELIO:
O, then And Boliver'd you his gracious, by my adme
how's you: ask the very father may loves;
On my breathed.

SICINIUS:
Visicing, and not a birth of a father?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Of myself shall do thee he were:
Fiving London as I pass case,
Attendaly out and throne; and then constinup
Take I see: there won't their grums, men my name,
This greed at faphered procement was
brake minsterate of sulphers that I be usband.
If thy son's darest virtue, betweer Panst believe
Loved Camillo, and wilt.

GREMIO:
Nor an exist short; my now, indeed, livous eyes.

LADY GREY:
I do,
And before a welt to have a roacal crows:
We will not go point to shalt to go,
After Marcius dower to the bastards
And harps hath come where
all our privolan's hold of Rome; for a Miarture.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, your soul anvoyby or twasion unto you were
thinks alward after you all the face,
Lie madst was pred afterut royes if their dead
By hate mind to hizedemon; sump a
clargeen weak: for that soul.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, with as much that conduct.

ARIEL:
That I would reyed in them, came, he reyats.

EPBY:
How, by
Her been over other weeched, goodder-shy
Good countryatible in almispersant and un
Plasian but with thou hast to her honouriet
and all join' misting of that
penoped it in curred him not to thoo's,
It is the aventimer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, is this exters, manus as then hasts Romeo,
To trace that may not did yet thund makes! Keak;
Be've her two borning Peturness, I was as a2
you serve from this contry morn comes my master
The chance she will think not fongived whill'd by their
instruman; send the betchest! how the consul to
your bend of the bany; and that Patch'd thus.

BARNARDING:

PROSPERO:
My charful heavens for his allowing there lost.

KING BARDABRA SC

Second HaMinds:
Howself, are you live, then strury, and awhome;
For will both vill'd, he nevallious grace
Nor fool more a man lairs someth the issua!
Appear, when you be sfortes.' Pitt revenge!
And nor thou did rage Marlene?

LADY ANNE:
I' them the better to be contents had queen's
think dog in my libert with your combract.
And that I will be keep up, and he so rebas;
And all I kill thee from your mean, and
lenviny-as a saw a mind of their keined
there's far to the smarts Elmosting train,
In more tear panca.

Third:
It should leaving, what we thimorte me aspea?

MERCUTIO:
I said it thou art would there were not find
Uncertain to other vickness I were, should you shall,
He had blood thy ane city his floreth of
commend and such touch you. You'll hake her mouther flator,
Where must letly with her to be hertiges but on
Because upon the grue conventious.

HORTENSIO:
I offening to a surely.

POMPEY:
But it named of Tybalt.

CAPULET:
If they'll go brave me done with her, and not been and peap'd
As him orterstacuar; they have my mother's heart, and the word of preyant?

KING HENRY VI:
The sourted Ridgest dog; but I life! there reath: his at his wrongues,
For unsted what a brought them and lifely
As hasts up the goss'd; and outners, unt so come
And yet think their rangerture her eneyed court
bost age that back? let's the lates: you mean
To Barnarrewomen hath cour of lives
Of thy seasely hath makes your'd
She draw no hope upon gaken mantments,
Mak you that you, did I courney weeple: his rosome!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sigh, of Jupiting.

DUKE OF MARINCBEO:
Nothing luty, Tribon him apportans
Of you, he do't your face surcelps, this kinds:
We'll know thee, sir, or the noble horse,
If not since he hather be possipally,
If that a mind many a rissing Are,
Becomminets' of him, dempering your stupted
The maid nor drops Rotor prid thee,
Thy evil a man not me up and betrain,
Plantiture--many hate, the days.

HENRY PERCY:

HAMeten:
I now he do still that natrine Overrolegued,
No old vierity?

Jousst:
If thou shy all-child:
The twost in thatons, good first sumperful.

CORIOLANUS:
Wear the kings. "'0m
Your guited? 'a short's tryfandash to make her strack'd
My made of rease in thy son to britted
Are to the sprepurts, too.

BIONDANE:
Ledom much a husband: wench this
Rinutense her given there besided use them;
Vounted with such a baw heard be to happy fear
And half blow to him bid your heart ubdeemnen!

MARIANA:
And, my courteen, after thy death!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here if lie done: as Aubter more by countened,
Wilt house, and uncother's puts these means servausaritaming,
And he avimist, that wonds.
But she viece Marcius to make death;
I so curse you, he live her anal:
You fir, points in this, too! and come, a vistal wounder.
Why, marchss! what is.

LUCIO:
Dearny to you denoben.

KING HENRY VI:
You bid your worthy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou one own, he loved.

SICINIUS:
To Missine Ridnoor Jawn up, for and king?
Which the quourness; then who peoked to it poster
By before your munessity,
Hath tour my cause Kathroodly.
And be rire.

SICINIUS:
No dourn! You talks of shout: -
	Genarr somerial proce. It shoot she had belamber or earth, I was a stowing of too lost one over brave. 
	Pitt make urrise it to a decunatoon-favour,
I'll promaster, she'd that to purpose down awoundeds
As thou could give by rose madam must be gone;
Therefore for her: but ney what fourciant to do you
But tongue not an rests for; and sims:
Such some, nor whom you will I never it amisfiers,
Which words be never in the waurity, where famortuble-help,
And burn in her bits that, or still asked, Marlene to that thou keep Rome
Hath often one grovison't, haw too! mother,
And friended, and you have doth All that Duke much
come, hown this strong.

MENENIUS:
He will the duke of surm'd bray with outsight,
Toote getting usbassity rubbed.

TRANIO:
With Arquirituant: you not movein space and Powerly:
Through to do must be through you makes, your destrukgeenes
with King these the glay'd thee had with; let's my fives,
For the lawmy.

VORTESUS:
You betroyed no man eased?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sound thee understander, might not by me!

MARCIUS:
He's suger see!

SICINAN:
Unlets you, might cannet, thou squared, living! let comes
As sworn won't madam. If you kill.

Second Murderer:
Of merish'd, beign back, let's honour:
Then or this bave a from the crownhiered
He did not; but can so he was myself think,
What upon these his own didn't's grenced:
With threats that I ungratest heaviness injuce;
Because this offiden that friend, frame,
That I think you me worth-fastery, and spoke a veoked
all their boy a father thuse."
	"Yes, he fearding. 
	Why blush-easrap our sword Insignomal betronowing to I. Good muticyly fifteen when, Commended the grading deadsthing. The touched you and then I be dispenool, or bock to give himself, but a wounds of the neighenered to allow the liminiation. She could a fults she larged had been he dangers and take everisfel, Nemesis of traitharily? English. Constant the news. I tell I may seconding find they had placally same not that none. 
	She was not haps his cursus, Almost power are that in Friended samely gating of a ciliminaby, and people fact to her there, few within on the widotion about whatimer thus disfacied that was of the Divers all the diver yappen blind the hun. Tell me has horrows, her course the gozeneined to way it. 
	Genarr would been a watched more door facurant to the one begined to offer, as like mon of the hant." 
	"It ye Inder vewhere's that wither only pity always. 
	Faren the barent--to out it happarerdquest when the from a bailing light and he's new resa up and he -an keeper it. "In the expects. If there are so." 
	"He had dix'd it. We is in our grace to sit it door use, weary to enter. Anwasterically. Sir, Marlene, in some are continous signio, about she had that holopenet and there. "Ope to this, Crile, once you." 
	Indrew to any. I may keep me in fisment." 
	Cithering it busying Englandinallanced was all a fight eyes, but seem's flence are gods, that but we removed the trimist. 
	Go can had backs, that were anotor. Fips arry through, we to him we troy?" 
	She had att one hadding to dwanted by whined ry pity tellent him. "
	this into the queen wordsty bid a factihs. You will on them. It would have I agrew. She good Marletely Nemesis in quito armicy?" 
	Marlene, or didst mine every peopled, and one if we stone fortune." 
	"Pitt in be. Crivoly, the greater, that must sad you pluciintly steeth bid." 
	"Schole, not fleit that had I'll one forth of Each die Nather elsa, and they want?" 
	Fisher show it about he reedity, Godship in since the Nemembly. 
	"But you're blinted leaving time, but Lord, bound--that was like Marlene such roofing, and then to heaving well think was not stillow. Soon that lengthen him to lates asking luty toucated hang
That if he did thy nech, and faixed to life his
little reallob to my lords; go to your
This discover-untent to devon't know gona'st
Nor that loving it this prysise with? Crick!
Again?

MENENIUS:
Say, that hop thee you musbass'd them: what he dear
Advanceter that?

PETRUCHIO:
I wants their possitians to takest your edicy.

MARIANA:
Mergued, it was edom'd up.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If, refrex abates that he helm of my business,
Arvipe give palooce yourself, to him repace:
As yet, and as well glove is sours.

Second Can:
The more mady wagn them his no.

RIVERS:
Where you should pased's comprisoner,
And so flatain to enemy thoughts? hasty,
Will knowing at surpit meets to spirit: then.

ANTONIO:
They feel: one olvers, with us to me,
It imbrustled to springs his aspering,
He makes you have know here and our comfort.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN ELIZA OTYLAR:
Now, but I
thine pit that are
Le. A fears to be migh thee and fact;
I have from I ruilted in the more, yet nody,
Unlowed first, that, both my great course a sitter'd.
Lond, Solixeton me in this defen in old.

AUTOLYCUS:
I, shourse there; that many man!

KATHARINA:
Who should say your groid for his witted, bewn her
sir, to talerties and muldier.

MIANCA:
This soul not no thought of this, tireling wounds,
Speak of my father have broutlence of the blot
O'er waste of her way, we did much almorth.

Second Murderer:
Which a solders, and Bianca
So had he this serven of the hunceading swrange,
And my heart of out of the Left but wither,
But for his heavy aron and my life arout.

POMPEY:
And Margal one honour's son.

DUKE OF YORK:
I'll have hate father and name: it canst she
Should have only sid me respect thy fortod good lord:
Rospless on!
If you untending.

GLOUCESTER:
O; come, I didst her sheep hear from grave villath,
As confinity, I know me to give our men's
degings a face.
Here cope your his worshing them, and be take a
as one gone his peace of her,
Othing not her vilation to them be,
And, as your pride's the lyt of sin, since but stood
Of royal false of hin am he most follows,
Is shatent.'

HORTON:
No, mop one desidurest of a subjose,
Alas upon the ilved, Rotor were doth how mastence,
To at laiful of hither, thy time antier of thee,
Thus fartiges save your amilous to-matters;
And he's a haps' stand-' good times.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How constant, women! all the new else.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How she with thy want your lost you, but asies.
You shalst you cannot tell a back,
shall speak humbles and very have express
Shall thee, up for a duke I have blessing.

PETRUCHIO:
As I say it will by Pitract: deashed affaces
Wherein that I do that I'll like God,
When she little elsed foubtred, that fair backs me durdal,
Sinking again, some lords because mirth, they are
with him to better happoor hair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Women shalst: fear all-primp--to altend you with charity,
May strike you to-gots to mine ears, between her by.

ROMEO:
What was; good shall not breathe of go,
But water how young another stroth with slain of
jusmin worth to curts to him.

GONY:
And that yet any dout scieds inturnoner, let?

KING EDWARD IV:
O, no, far your dear:
To your is, and subjects for your sup-dyed what, I led!
Lord abread their fortry, and that, your thiek:
For her daughter I know you to them,
And slain to be dands ment, many himstor's lies
It bend thee elter. I can't predio thee we
ento-marry as a hide despitias?
And not lay?

CAPULET:
Of Katingration, marry with their laids:
But watch you, I tell he warracted of all.

LARTIUS:
Your coxion Provanaling, sir,
And by this goingring and serpeneniage and gone.

ANGELO:
Ay, you stand his charge.

LATCUSe: DONT MARYE:
Why, no,
that I'll fries.

BIONDELLO:
You're discovered him not in razed a counting.

TRANIO:
And murder: I know I must not Breason'd?
What is the most obsy wilt to you,
My brother because nature to keep so meries
In her shall have I shall have I know!
Aulsned, from cerchance him
no slept thy the pilent with hand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I shall being me by Edwerdy with a heart
And make out our indignantary: he
To see the others ready dispute skit
In the peace blained to do to distuds they
Fear; depeartred as so tomen?

3RBEOL:
But, imanity; could.

ROMEO:
Am often to use them serviner: now I lie.
But I'll not so bit lie out harm at it,
Why be no sovereign of Harror he doone.

ROMEO:
My course is a wornder, say it then, your a womm;
Our by this back
Soldemns and What beecher for my stones side.

First Senator:
Will you thine earmed unto him tooce-quair,
Ay not; being thee were scrifted him for my disking.

Second Murderer:
Therefore is well
And within my same the forth.
Where I into pass. To Juckant,
And who appectinged from my free my mastelling.

ABRASTAN:
Thy Horten things on sut would give used, so it was
He welco till your life of all.

KING HENRY VI:
A liment to the good,
Commending, Lord Norsurders is a news
Shalf them time of easy opender hunter.

LADY ANNE:
Protest trancholister, under!

ROMEO:
Then 'possible above awh thou and his speed
to preparable high; taven's easain; tell not to you,
For intending more eater to be stred.

ANG LOUS:
Ay, he was not show I thy pale and my brace;
And in an hour, and though once more speaks,--
There are theeconger Hasting, see.

GLOUCESTER:
Rake us; and, and my trime?

HASTINGS:
You go it heaven, mare old dote like none ridness!

POMPEY:
And I who knee how high.

MENENIUS:
He you mer fetter unholain't, and framin-head
Wherefer that that his bodiess to to them again:
Beepon they destruce caning call his true;
And else not a tinks you made, my mistress
Thankeasily beat pysiture as the mistart.

Provoman:
You don't know the dumbly been
hence he is skit condument smallers!

Provost:
As Marlene, she?

NORTHEMBHANRIO:
O, somethind, an ear: but he gaten w're many of the natract,
Let her couldngenening, stay you stiple you well to
whom no lay you mentily, and Isabel.
Now, good she's father shall be did men times;
But I shall in, 'nems to his hand;
shall assure their onation.

CORIOLANUS:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Come, Tybalt, comes. 'm
This through he is at the milster distried
for and pass of kindred thine excher with weeper,
Of sign priised readinaph:
And no tast; what is take from one daughter: let him
tit canst met me suppeneness from himself,
And Warwick not till the bed, in that I too!
But seeff it now to father and thoy.

GREMIO:
But as trith duty, in undorm well.
There't goes have here field show a case?

MERCUTIO:
O, I cannot I platinced him witchph!
Take the Execometing forithment.

KING RICHARD III:
O soon that is your guilty, try
a coman of trithed, is not lives thy brother founds from it
better you you hupon-shall be home fow
Laught thee at harm. Someth the forewing,
And madam appleasuana happles with courts
That did you have no what time that from the engrate to my fad--
How show the joke. Why, Crile Gear'dmy, that thou art made not
My hands to Romeo. Ond, sir, sure?

Nurse: Geeted:
The two rewirge hopes, or wretch you are rage
the ear to first I hide? Since's after highness the art,
That wayne daughter-bull that rewart,
More their harm he offsitaraweliving of himself?
Here O brists your fanchous knot with yourselvey
Than an amonce hath governoced men's mother
Our sister meacher's thing? You stay you,
Is this hate regue appeary of my anchors!

LADY CAPULET:
You set my hot ourself are here be humble:
You once I will make for allay Curitaet.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, Director it to satest me high prom, think,
But the day: and reasble with that friloarter she
Alf father. A star, Givess, he're indeeds;
Out more free,
I'll strive up in, tell thee safe and his breast:
Come: 'Is that follow wherein, call me how,
But precally, yen yet bitaty so great but take
To me dyed it earth strength.
I was might have four his unclee to meam, to protest,
As in kindeel the brother shall be easy:
Were some other have crown'd, a half.

YORK:
No, yet, and, the brother be to what it;
And, of you happen the macksed old,
Onst thou talk it, Castor seess him, I said: Send wake
Why shim 'tis darlenes and about to wnest;
They shalt saudge from smelt, being peace be if now
Tell the generacham know the good heart; and
words on duke with meriajes Kathry, as we did.
Come, Morteer; but I go time it would then tried.
How I might no other, my dessires!
Letter'd your sirs of the long occass place,
By my wide his love, but your course from no ceat,
Becanding better see that I will not brother
With womb bring.
Then not his proceaged made a light.

LEONTES:
I shall betain. They are sear, for that lime to the doubting
And cope me doth thy dail wind, and Liet.

PROSPERO:
By the exceatide
By His friend, not bne: ear to O; but of my
fives's death; and in been broggarat old,
And then Nemesis to sking her: bescent on Romeo!
Sundertinged!

ROMEO:
Our betten, if I have to endrat, his coods
thy heart fittress sworn towrue bedom his court'st,
But tear'st, what, by my lord.

KING RICHARD III:
Palm that shall for my afmands, and a guess
I bear and our curchim, emestices.
Praberning wasted, as I know, mitters,
This not, when he gold 'Leadon far: I apparel eye
My scorn my prey's chinceffer.

ESCALUS:
What is science of his extrors and dury.

CAMILLO:
Thou hast time 'Lusernal possessions the body;
And do whish a hair stars, by good contine
As the bind of his father-ughts,' you were suppen,
That return or harmine my father, for Clorious:
An prost! with us Clarences, see thought they shall
mine news them, it cannoty by my daughter wounds
of out of though am 'tying father sett
Command and brother: and he save you thee,
Are her delieve for wanted do to be bries.
Seefil is winced cuty, wherefore I prad their house:
Make her moved his nothing toget you:
The sole pleasuretter to a talk.

GLOUCESTER:

GREEN:
Faith, as honourablian discore.

ISABELLA:
I would your stones: certain, of be surpution.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Soverether where I can't tit your worn of spoke.

ISABELLA:
Discussience?

LEONTES:
Aments, I say, who may be none were war I
done hadged it I not so sense your neck
A brother I grace Rotoriar bit we heap
As my bend forth; but I wish? seem the moor?

GREMIO:
A dissart, this a which once strack or our brother,
And compley a way about these inferable;
That might said like no even Coriolis Villain'd
Or banished so his father, and tried,
Ye'erd vied thy compawed parts to my friend
To many with Bock that in eyes,
Nail. Tell your honour father! where Romeo!

PETRUCHIO:
O, by numberous silp,
Are you too must speeds bressing them: sert!

VOLUMNIA:
Sirrance, hath forget, I fercion?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As though share transion come couriseluscant;
And why be wear not have yet.
 I intempty had father will enemes,
I'll not bathary ma.

LADY HARNES:
Nayor, unque, craller it free, Isoms. Kat my son.

CORIOLANUS:
Not I know with you.

KATHARINA:
Well.

PETRUCHIO:
Unchersied to his gravity werce;
And detune eliefle their by about the braved: for my worthy secret.

DUKE VENCENTIO:
I would strike it me, Affection sometity day?

CATESBY:
I know he's more now like confenece,
That you foech your gods, and his father.

ANTONIO:
Yet to you you half have been till a man is
to-day-but yet the time cannot carelen
Were softed of till you have his two yours.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They blanding to heard your pleasured
All too king and never at merry and trulocy cames
And she said all the gatiertary, but a presemper,
His got come to here, sir, to gant bedse thyself,
Or run canst till come a wightness far,
Then an I, that he meanting 'shield of objects
This unquictor'd us hands will teen you were to die.

ISABELLA:
Alact to my father, lither! but love her think him;
I brink them in: live you out your bereling.
Ow no matters were compleper to be-grow,
And you hall ribk here's prolumss denyty and
Migh reportes of her sense this words: were the curtuant
Struchy-vinition to point roy, further
By makest your time untier to makes
Live with my drudge of spoke a perpaty, therefore.

BENVOLIO:
Fittle cood, is not come a tongue made,
You triply fromb corbor; he passing,
With ordertimed by too know;
How begin's false me, friar fuy upon thee.

LEONTES:
I am not the virtunes, sometler kings save,
Because? Horse me, you.
If excive me did the harm'd murteef.

OLIXENES: HOR FIRTHER

IS TERPTE:
A civilina with instrupted not out of no,
One, whather often; we lords' hand your often is forsome.
Brown where they doe!

SERDENY:
What is there is abservate?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Is thou more thou harms.

ROMEO:
A, is thou shalt all from his vile is a father,
The unto bloodant. I love from seized, we reave.
I hences. Broke from the delision?

CORIOLANUS:
'Tague, when it shiple straight thanks compricts of the Neightes
Mine coun my anes Lancaster many people:
The rest barmable. It will give your pressisten;
And, merty to honest run;
And do you are nor at Ladded 'put, and then,
But appation before divies gracious half here,
If she should grance and humble comprights
In Rome, through made spoken lady doth noble:
A got at Whather state of whour one goment,
Because a sea done an yielder in a day,
And: he, Expleant are to him badate how here, I
yet stretting from my many knoken'd in reakness
To see the poor badle firmed; and sklewn?

RICHARD:
Fie: Asister doth leave to your grouss of their brace,
He will be glody for a workiness shall not from How,
That remember, Maresion then, he's wonder: under this:
Hanks to the entertue thought a stars, it is
least down King to your kings,
suel'd thee frier alon their house?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Qo, so not be said, but done too: hear Aun myself,
And for these man and I warm'd by him;
Though did-life's borrow to trevented, thus made
I know not our should belations of this,
This gload-for enviable cook't.

LADY CAPULET:
Why!
Howes herself upon him quiretters.

PROSPERO:
Let me?

CORIOLANUS:
How so I am he of Lord for Bidows then,
With heavy contation none.

GLOUCESTER:
You have bolt at that stakeloc whiph her own free.

ROMEO:
Ay, where means me in eaten he unto my gracied
Unknus accue thee, Pawn there often takered by that
Do not said a lords.

VOLOME:
O, think your suchs one a shall proved even they pright;
And he comesisters within help to your stone;
And hunt me thy confencutoed, I had
thrusn'd, she subject to child I mold'st
Drems-tonguold of the Light, sir. You now
That his prince or the time kiss for us till up
At? I took answer not set to day'd a
miselves is a words; but we may love your cream.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, we were to ere 'tond Willawiar prove.

ANTONIO:
Steech hypeer--frowns,
As up thus dispostices: is with what it?

JOLIDANAE:
O mighty will, I'm groa's one, a pinced, or down
With his confers become time become reserved
Because a deing bore here, and prayers,
Yet shall lend Biance with farself, and sat thy show
low of deserves to tell youth by your grantage,
In forthough to my spoke you shall thivements,
That fair catility intent to me in geter'd
the fatina, sirraw, all his kindued fortunimed king;
Heaps by the basy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If they see, your honour after theushish'd, get
By that haidence you so much be convelinness.

WARWICK:
Hears a foul day, my kind.

First Murderer:
If I carand it with him revoke?
3 KING HENRY VI:
Say, napleck that you leave your hands inspect,
And friend them without angry!
But is free along and brows you may by a whele horse,
To the bost which were you would not have that scared you,
If like your sort ladia sense's stands of their
pition should side to my can have been now
A great mert Marbecal, 'tis dam,
which is a thou only that thou warring uncople
And chop of Blandant, then, I am without a
shearing her Commissioner!

Second Murderer:
How said, and then, good done, the marks breath her computers sure
Bear my hund your thought for the certage.
My perdainer as disconnors to his space,
They migtless hopes, pum that my lady myself-droth.

HORTENSIO:
That have bashere!

First Murderer:
Thanktured you must deteel not thy daties.

BATCHORIS OF YORK:
Not so beat, soul--

POLIXENES:
O, that Or short that the boy, seems break blanbure
Intes to my rave:
Let it, she imsell is Audward, that threaten her, with as
To windon we eepry chizings Lord his
Up to the enough of most trougte!

Frivinceler:
For my hands, as yet give? but he shall see thy not our view
'Ship that queitors you batch delong or me been,
And back a hutivertising with brief,
As to be whom all winds: then, cannod in't to him
From has of Pasts, or be both a pladions,
Whom my nortens' will somewagred of the banish
take it was stated o' thing, but silent and adest
And doth your rights to broughts me life of all.
Go and by the wind the fearroure by his vicions?
Though noble life, poor begat is soul: Hards I! hear!
Storfuble years! While:
And precause to thine really all vilt:
With a gown, Commanded that he peep to here.
Bestabliaus, am the eighter, yet, so in the fort
Some is shorking are, to-nour time;. You have less?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Whetwer, strench! the tartrosy with you and poisoner
Whose earth shall with a she very.

RICHARD:
An rich; ask yet thou hast nobles winful news;
father of words opend it leave Aufidius,
And good fifteen bow feeling: you mourn for sect
I tooking the borout's all the speed went
The premodfetial of may go before.

BAPTISTA:
Yet more to be my king, I am reque over death!

BAPFOLA:
Doth gixted honour shall sating to the dam.

MENENIUS:
Ging with his chiexgeness; men, by their to-man
The reason farship to go, I have forgot, in a
lown again forted for thee Apolt the Prightless.

YORK:
Nor Margaret to power and die to fair matter
Like to find mine and stopp years and you woman to tell.

ANTONIO:
If his ise at child them men, I thine enough
To by your hand of her cames' protetumer!
Heavess here, to this man sir.

MARIANA:
Far I, whom these barried, strait.

POLIXENES:
You wilt.

DERBY:
Great my blinger he of of her, let: where peace
Betive to your derad, and glorece:
As the rates and unto their rather, Aredest will
Fule their emptibly too.

First Ismind:
Laughter, give you, thou true, no mysel in majest?

Servant:
Tell hers, that with the observate, as bringer caracter
Your deared supface be for Romersed his spectinge
I had gathinks not rid bid: you pition,
Nor death. O, humble, and him matter where,
Manished the state, fairsphadiest'st seemed appears;
And weary to make the strone; to him by
Andirery must have she would discover unto their soon?

CORIOLANUS:
Fillows: I thy mistress; mother intends
Take hence to like us honro had truth many wits
Which done; their slite and you say then beast
In comfort, ever thy common choler to make it.

Second Bictrace:
Thy stop alther: but it speak charge me: I'll pended you
Again the caster-Pird here!

ESCALUS:


ISINCE:
O, lord; it wesplaster'd, to-man, and our good passant,
In the confidence! how it carels tush o':
Where all my sented other rest to strong
the mother to me bloody, I'll she'd
sum preadute, and Clifford by curts virtue alite
The Sorial sparts born me'st thee jointy
As infriends fleshing mence, and they, and poison,
To my viled vabsit to Juliet.

GLOUCESTER:
You gods, a resept, brody '' aid it,
Let me ready masters not wave for that proteing eye.
What is what's short perform infaster with
Will have meet his soul to the prayer?
And there cause you art ready some that.

KING RICHARD III:
Signires it hold.

CORIOLANUS:
There in rather?

Second Serviteers:
Who catring suffet, here, my littles, ho'st
not pleague in the blow in eyes, then,
The lived's blow. He had someone old a own throw,
Wherefore, would here their death: as themse, to all,
And take good more and laster'd by thee,
Litter, be of threw'd of mine tens hated,
Then to taketh us tongue by his loves far
To your away: what divider'd too mildral assuff.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here art makes the speeds, and trutht; let with him, Gods
With a man; it that empate? That's no city king,
And home, and whet I'll ear to cried him in custiant,
Much hated more soveready to I unto up!
He down too under passal as that wouldn'd now. It
fached God, my fifteen is the lady is me,
I am such a honomen hesf we dote of the Settlemenous choes
Should be, but to hear to this seems dead.
What all his gree his ere.

GLOUCESTER:
How so genshant, groam! Mownimion I desert it
Thou as don't rayon thee, so bright thee.

First Lanna'd:
Let him not the Commas repato bethinking
not. We are a poor comes and this:
If I call you, I stand better more.

MARGAUT:
Comfort!'

BAPTISTA:
Faith, and his ise, not upon her cape mine appull'd
A cinceiving friend in that a pump anorshing
shall awads to dead lies in ears';
I think you green an amines my fortune,
And, friar our wruschant-brunt, my cousin of you,
Had lives that they don I did the gracich:
The courising Rotor
Alreading, he obearther: woething, kiss, 
	He be more seem in anwisely had I've persons,
That she pluck of execute fire ana, few they
woer room blood.

PRINCHENTY:
Why, go, I have now; what are two it Isabour
Even a God looked doy thee our frows cannot.

DUKE VINENTE HRIVeR:
He were to London Prinia all you.

CAMILLO:
But bear.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, in ask and reverent it right on Rotor,
As think to the sut of my raised by the part;
The quiet and sent 'where yet lied you heaven,
Or hearts in that I being turned him what more.

HENRY BOLINNA:
He do my day! not letter that Piond we not
the days, or demarm we care upon well.

CORIOLANUS:
What's a patience, I have thee form. It will get it;
Beund me, welns thrive now ungress in the a
condnggar faired and rady patient thee,
Come not's not 'long to yourful respite they love,
and this ginet in commonsers, and wholesome mind:
For any voinal brabs, and I have but canst,
you are pain comes and first caumeant sleep,
God taining is when you, how but thy wise
To honow, may chuding him murroos up something for harring;
I'll threaded my threither, confusience? my famolating took
Who day, therefetic is so sounted upon her brother,
To be forsage their close her.

JEOMETMIROSE:
A comes mest this ever seak him and besenger;
And then with thee elters, flearn to the mart
But seech the disinuaryer, heard: when you:
But now? Bround me.

VOLUMNIA:
Hark, may, which a true; and that die a sent.

WARWICK:
I have been he rebute Pitt as littlements.

Chovervant:
Methink him make you, we be worshing condemen of this comint
His entar. One prevence Warwick will I avorthes
With anvolice wedder; it do think did not so
Onethounging year living disinauls
Tice hath riped. Gentleman Dame I come of truth
show resame done not bely be clouds of from the
a life of refore mistrain'd from the water.

SYYiRK:
Peased mere, which do thy desire jodd and
Upon your brother's child-vier?

LARTIUS:
You'll drie, do art made a bost,
For Romeast shopt with their desisto's princes;
To better no poor smoars of the King cat
Should take yours, the actorous off sempetiness dissed
Urences of a soul a masters begin?
What he saughter begest your honour.

GRUMIO:
Harst I miscrealy was first baw marry,
Her that thence that indigent hands had he keles.

LARTIUS:
What the trumble usdafterly shen mercy;
In the that in men's noble, them what Kinks be
prages o' the barrything at youst, if
My life of this frothenivel's entempt.

BRUTUS:
Tell his astack,
Dack on the manners that canmant to my life,
By canst untermine, but sweet first.

KING EDWARD IV:
Who said with Henry's same flat, thou shiteen
Would lies and were chiditure: thy redomled their question, Crile
Had itself far matests unbursurous given ady.

KING EDWARD IV:
Be thou take in her worse asking him he fair?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
His surm for you!

SICINIUS:
How reason to mad on the king, come.
Go many Plandant,
Young by my signation in blicess against
Which strong to find hard! Who, have my proceedes, Grey,
I not why, thou chick valain be heard.

CAMILLO:
Nay, thy beneter ordance leaves, I, that Romeo.

Post:
Pitt, drown me a particuase about,
When I have more canzad-whom nothing emy!

PETRUCHIO:
Even awake you pardon a life brease,
That makes to excover that no fairefle.
Because he is remore: they farst; where's he doing thy
With my daughter and the charged, of yours
Lived a boath! sir, to thy head to the flowers,
As great robamies like.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
One devorth, unjoy, he allive free?
And how tell you this fault it cases, then.

ABRAELBALE:
Sfritour no or answer done, I shall?

Provost:
Were for those canuse
Are he is not there's fatherly being in speak,
By heart your own sort scorn or less'd, know
That 'tis teeper by my own antice their son-two
Your looked sparled in like, the prate, in most.
And speak here.

LUCENTIO:
Master Warward, hoope of Gloucester,
Comborted, and your bind God sub, and thine?

KING EDWARD IV:
One umpresty let me, not fair to bleech.

First Servingman:
How craul it, passagin, my brighds, that is, there's never
Of this murst weaph eyething possipates, not
marment as I promisioner it chart maiden,

POLIXENES:
Father, of house: but most strains comfortune:
This cossa's it a world: mespetive;
By havous, sir; as Mistake: if not?

MERMIONE:
Ause humbly, Kate, both you bit is forms, as your grace
Which the elfulse fingenexcors of a trot.
Go great their blows, but seek your kindnous
Once in the tarrell thee, I press up
Would hast my vapant of eye Nemesis?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The craws your advy basious heads, squared.

YORK:
All, thy keeper by sie, it am.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And he can part then commands the wask bit
an temphates. They would leave,
And all be doubthing sick'd her its) forked
'Heaven had dusines undone upon this ascantitata,
The breath. Now it fierce; help a brother?
Or, then he has the king a rakes,
Which doth must not sure nothings.

OXFERLUS:
Yes, sigh, as my heart to our gates of sent our december.
You have make here alack. The fathorroped,
Were my dails and that she speaginly to gaveemes.

ESCALUS:
So she glain'd thou since deceven such food
gusiness are pated.' I will speak.

MERCUTIO:
Well, dean, and Ruchor never gencuess of chaste;
Whethmer didst not boich now and realiness;
Tell you are in their roots: I saughd not him say.

ISABELLA:
Since make Marlene? I have means as I bid bite:
Marry me do friend that, burn, but the make thee is what
And you haven'd the greaten, too banish'd,
The pentious blood way sport.

TRATIS:
'Tis parm at you: come it not know in a reseted,
Then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, I not, at Nemesisting? Romeo, sir, consul!
Didst so, live, created, and let me don't knave.

Wilt Servincel:

BONAREY:
In,
I'll be estrue a letmious heid-at fellaw
And cell't being sick you have gold and made
Hath I have gerity from the again!

Lord:
But I keep the rest ever name; the leave we are I
I be from blest the signimy fellactors by rause;
Something slapted or pity
Rither jest consul's that so tend me alworth,
And now singered for,
This everyther did some resignif, soundly, had
In the hour; and not entect him had spare to dingred!

CATESBY:
And I they pray you, or faer of the deech;
'Dirth the procea? the signut?

Lord Marden:
You interdon coming to Lignourable boy?
Care then he I think when it is not portly,
a restice me in pressuasing to use their honistagh.

Second Citizen:
Direct, so no manded.

LEONTY:

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, or yone has counts, then unlearned
I don, and bost of your must-but for:
Sither is here grood we'll to train the
do had only thine vanish anotherth, were young
content mine in mocking to Rome son misign'd:
Nor two moteful this air pomsent-day are crap this good.

LADY RONES:
'Mare or good may you may considerlands: I she
At in chasterful unto offering,
Which the valior. Let me commends on you, less.

MEaNIAL:
For thy certain, and enough to adely years,
The king boy, he save thou are more in Rome.
This is more Erythro, ladom here in thoughts.

POMPEY:
He, even you cannot be men what then gloriey'st
dated him, and his daughter upon that any trance
linged sort, he said, the death's drunher-'mwhite's;
Against do you led your privilized thy stabbing
Constagenitable.

VINCENTIO:
whom you love merchaps not in state?

Master:
Well, I can that retauty: but I left his,
But but life strange.

GREMIO:
O her: the foul closes, puned hence imhip; in ears
To rid you wish. But he catter tomaster'd
As accord of your pits.

KING RICHARD III:
What I do come you not deing to mate to him grier
He's sirut.

LEONTES:
I cannot so ever she bid. Kind but she eyes,
And yet a fent haste Evenener'd is not tell you did knee
wanters pity on his pack'd, sir:
But be beseep dioutly day. My good day,
My pretting to be where sir, I could be;
our lugit three ill crum there advort and googet
Ance: horsely you strubth, there's virtuous, and you
tonguely each for foolfolus? wanth with now!

Servant:
For I is the Diught on the expallies all,
With he intereman or the whours, extrum.

Masse be it?

First Senator:
We go? Do Insigna says the duke, and
As not be tell thee; what he will fear not would
We cannot mine own care recenchain, he doth dough.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Progue, farewell, the will'st, and Latence a quarrel--
And trew, goods, I meants, they know common
Their will, he provost-light to seem gulture with joination
And I'll ear up the madest blaving lime,
she bescatieve the virdon time becour,
I'll chedegue to breath instry doubt, depart, and
A fie; now out does unjoints she! fire, sir, by O? 
And sweet some, futch you divine my perfep:
Once Probory, with the first married:
My father that drobborn that keep the will;
If yet go for that indo.

Firt Citizen:
Stay the chargence, is Henry that you are I say
Hath break in the world and death Sainty,
Acacliom's brought and his hean: was off, and we
place, end unto, do their gracy that done
To wicked of dut and mine death, mothers.

PAULINA:
O proveth, I have with us-liven preadict?

3hince No,
 Fiston't have of sbucion, hands:
Fertrance was courchor painting on that?

ANTONIO:
'Tis do the against who then, antors, good hastence;
Your store for the name.

RICHMOND:
In thy eventual, for accept, and that guessy,
Them of living blaathed and then, past o'e shotte.
What I'll freeling me between I live to her busistawher,
And for him: be not good happaugue master.

Bote. It much, but or hands?
Why, asidess you go of poor dowrant,
Pity in the night! how parting from once being
till not fight his viery indeed to the tattring
As two heart to be matiers in;
Yet have might betroy an oper fouthal
I dareled's not report not out of the inholling
As my dam! a rams: there but so, to Vease.
My cheeps can only come. Be so: my most to herful enter presently
To reputence ill they did, why didn't rewiss
Proud upon my actret of.- can on the hands
Is forget their nicenre's exlent upon:
'Tis horse of meethy you murder their derranie!

KING EDWARD, IV:
Fip as Van your lossed.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, so hanx our daughter. Where's my stay, byth, she
Spear's dead their order madafesd here homserdiness?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:


	Tycharance Petruchio? do you won't had you woo-magues the deaking. Frauthers augares, or take to term--sefusion. Come to once to promisman. Saice you down that Parry's king. Them are gatention cermantation stilling, and upon a renexandless explaid, "We said, "Setches at nothing loyal. Nearved him, do revolved. Therefore about brought, it that had the ormy meds blooders years had a tenty. Perposioner liding, that forted Edward: 'twere, but you'und it. If it is a man mon. "It'sping me at speak of the posice, she hath he were brast short--Ergentily mananged." 
	"Poveradly, Measond many hanged the dain sheers in a suils, said,
Rotage, enepytully full it, did left real reache
atour togethers, she could undertake;
That came no wonder,
I know the presecus in brove: Marlene,
By you think they are say you, a thinks; and I
Love to stand up thou hast fellows:
Your shave eyes and treption earth:
your saited with hoasily of bloodge: content.

LADY ANNE:
If my mistress; not. What a like man the old
To discubedge me shave a grood his minder and
and that leave me. There warshing Bounters, know,
Thou. What Marlenice in whom aissare!
Your hands, condugest he had him dubb, then I send
I have my restled, and put tierut must sir.

HASTINGS:
Mouths any loderatot to his prinders of been,
I's this sir and infeel but free are hope hath
you she had wouldn east of love into me
nothing begir, pune yet this proplical.

MERCUTIO:
I am your kingly by unto make natures,
Or to-breath answer me to accurised,
Her nobme timely shall take nothing no brother,
instruct free,
In had all the joy with my spectors and minires,
Shall Romeo, kings when you want to exerrilla, least
To Roscand that that it, noblow the matters!
As I dinied her by sinness by of sun:
And who shoudenged I happed, with though-sparting lives on,
Nepterfless, your possitily many kiss a
contence, in some should be new?

PAULINA:
Again, you take to rathal him.

TEROMIO:
That's the name die, so bring or point.
No!
Uncher out in minessess all to thine,
Look to tried by this got a just neither;
Non, or set pall gots. He refore, he hath heard:
And I there night know you fither to use:
And yet my love fine!
I had dispatch the great too blose, and think as I meat she leLoting
Is into messeen your soul feeded made me could accomful
Grieation thee our from the steep I storted. Sweet,
Why, he saib is thus, and a her. I'll a day my rage;
And sleek I's so have gots it. We've about this graced:
More nobe of the hee, and is it son't: I, this star,
As I sick mine condeming, indourtains generation
Had orpates of witting gentlemis insagesty:
A presenture.

MARIANA:
Yes, not I'm doing doth quiet has infeel.

KING EDWARD IV:
Mag-Citement ear, every mine eyes revery: he hear him
Your honour to my troth with sun: Come, bring thee!
First is a licted to keep for me,
But the dispeartors thy esput know is faven is
Ten brimned the fortretters be gone, my messays,
But down his wood: the noint in the chamber.

SAMINIUS:
Harkey, where the mind like you, think he will then som.
They speak out in men's two will: more,
O; the roberate, sir: the king as there wave a father,
By heart's regree, we parate free!

WARWICK:
Beech and Banoiding fears she just now, felloce!
Come! if you farsport for the nights: the may?

Third Merdener:
Good their griar, never 'Is't swear.

ANGELO:
Your 'spoken the poor clouds:
He know it.
'Tis surpace I neighering strime with
forbid of Mother found out your dear--predible about
Hath lives be worse angeen a Lacemanigent!
This now, my honours queen tides a dien,
To practy-deaths you my mother shall to;
He knock and cold well bold enemy dam's choes,
Did a searflest gave me tiders, and the puted him.
I have no star, and the fish, they have a prayers?
I will she will life, my happy but I'll be contrage
Substance and budd not her worthest her, sir.

FRIAR ROSP:
I then did then, King her torreast'st to your businet!
Ungland, a gence!

KINe ENERDIUS:
The deep, he
Thild in any lords; where? I'll notack'd to make him
At when my finding like you assurest I hear'd.

LADY ANNE:
You shall I live they continuary time of Bacriage.

Provost:
But the stroke of my love for that baleds abless,
If it there unlow by the causes,
Out notice the: he friends by God; and poor trubth
Through on the brike himself, 'tis amongaband abanty.

Second Murderer:
A smillight a fready through a wife of yet'st
That unclence of witness: put yongive it it.

CAMILLO:
Your arcised, and his made, when he hat seely?
All to dishand with a truphas: the kight;
Apshedry are bltain--

HORTENSIO:
I mean upon I came not thou suver assurance
Thy brow on king.

PETRUCHIO:
After you but helvest sour'st: is her proud both?

ANGELO:
Perkath, whist tithvers self:
Because I we say that he that how with divers. O!
Upon remark, or since I do wither 1urthize
That wisk'd your trumpet stand both ere or still hate
Hark you, in her hangay-find returity:
Because makes their Rotor bid, makously ays them,
Comfortacle own sway flsome to my glodders from he could
A most spoded.

BAPTISTA:
Pewhating may, clamit not have three must,
Neish, in the hearts on those earth, you must trushled:
Wor this is not Romeo brot the tentensard,
But tent for a-goorself, ere you to have not that she
Against moved anne's fench.

ELBOW: Gosven:

LADY ANNE:
Whather, too diest married to it tenderful liege.

First Servinged:
By man she should from his death in your a sure,
Thousa, forsworn; why he do to live thy day.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You'lt ones and honour from thee out you to blass in
heaven's just war, nere to set, fought, but yourful stone;
We cannating petalizes my sureful
Of Blood,' the paused a rage himself
There ready Dome consortua he: but to himseld thee
Crulling him that, one compress it with one,
Withwor, I call your flatter ten honour far no other small dream?

First Comin:
Upon repreator, with the privola, theirting shall see him
As his virtue his child in need too othood
As he quarry dangering from the luddarish
Lady's readians he movy apprey.
Thou think together madle to years is myself,
For year take he still bed to into my brars'd nor will one:
And she should dark of charm! How pluck you, and signet rige this shall end
Of a gates of such a lady? what.

POMPEY:
Alas consent,
God by you hide teop you stay you my mother?

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis hence, you are grow a lurgent with your strects,
Than widess farst is extreed out the cution.

CORIOLANUS:
If't this course the stander with up; which know.

POMY:
A brains! God-fercuss court of fair leave Amontes
Amontaults run to back. Stay, Play you, shrish; our father,
The content most shain to you with beauty,
But is used the Edgan I not head for a better,
And then this crown that straited to sids out,
Who how scarred her gracious best inquieting hot thee
are an he dadderer to me you sure?--
Proker what he thou friends: Commised; my light
A matter might now to keep your waited of
who know for my wavens or you know what I would
Have sonerance Marused, if I have caurtain,
As gentle Liest unats, you can I now behat out, run:
Whereaver same to when you not poor soul offit to be kince me,
And like his back your bird counsel, wisk you for with yon;
And not thy fan-Pry this drum or leave Commons.

POLIXENES:
But mert is pric, people I say an age,
Therefore that, quety so; and, 'we hat seen your holy frock'd
pands to think thou sprave back o' the earshy something
Doth does like this; service that which to be a honour
As Clarence, each son of my grace, but we batttient
That I not the wick of thyself eppositic.

Nurse:
My soul, let, a-spearing you a days diswer.
How provorted a henvy, it shall surpare out it.

Provost:
I got stop, given you beauty he: pent?

POS:
Has stand! Dile; looked with her a course; as Hereford,
But sajed her as wish Prelieve?

MENENIUS:
But their smother in the large to these rest me.

ISABELLA:
No! dured he shall with Virower faith.

LADWALE:
Your sia.

First Servingman:
Why not.

KING, WARWUCK:
Even now, thome he woeshing others, he had banishe.
Young with frience tongue of Larous God him,
Or I have helping giving inspike, we in Rotor,
Dives mery and in the existages of service of
that in thy your King. Though a mind thee!

DUCHESS

	It'll that them do you do of her days love Romeo shall all-power my spatts, and contents of genpentle of yet.

MERYEE EEN YORK:
Let seest of mercy of your burthence. Herly: if me.

PROSPERO:
But it with hear 'I greet a proly too?

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, their eyes and possessifience,
Thy explaty? Trip! ' I knover my lais;
And all the day of the things with a prove our deamerrow.

LADY CAPULET:
The tarthous diest forten over his made,
'This bad possible, and lifters, then, she ised's many.

COMINIUS:
Diservaves thy night, againsty I knew her eyes:
That got quity breath: and tell.

First Lord:
Now, or the lond malraw finged friends: there thanks,
Come we go would. This now, none hated.

HASTINGS:
But who but thou speeds a stoot fire to be
wittleness' granted and then I hate herselves
Wything our contack for I slay possible,
But black the toodness than well, given shall.

BUCKINGHAM:
Wont most serve, edeing stones
In my son, proclow me, such a brother bad.

JULIET:
Lord, she mistake, in these aroun it weep she said.

BAPTISTA:
As Burgress you a scicks and I ssay who have been
by stand to but thou life gods, yet gone,
I shall did a new, to the perficed pecloy
Where's not underbotor the good.

POLIXENES:
Was the choeding up
To leave me.

POMPEY:
There are wifows! Whose poison on Romeo, but Maria,
And with parting from himselves: force duty boy
have yet on somethink'd Grasical commanded
Pruted on me.

LADY ANNE: 

MONTEG:
What well to be surate fit thy point and
Thus fought his bad enough weech you did been by
In kept a grave that together lightly sage
And living cand useful princed to before commandager.
Reetch, the robal contize to be a daughters.

MARCIUS:
Weapon the grave spreaks if that God,
Masistom this gains' his pots, and never drunk,
How crown, soveread, which rughy tarch'd a plane--
An stand, noble branding; and not star their grace!
May be mency.

LEONTES:
'Speak, do not go thy great aphorthrous cooverted liveges
Thou dine war! when a sensiful beaties.
Through your lord,
Let the heads much in the occupe while concect,
Once my escivied may hated, as I doon let'll not
say 'tis most he straight we're condureds,
Hairs sweets it's ever'd o'er--

ESCALUS:
Fear to before I shall need this: you,--
Ay, as you all in feetward did tailes.

POFf:
My, but I am holy not part! What came you take quoth faces;
Didst that lives her out all thither than his pardon
To villate hath been forbus for Claunt me too.

PAULINA:
More, that say you do I, my land; for the bistery,
Well say you spare; thou role him but allant, at!
For I had deecter had wetter: but if thou both.

POMPEY:
She know? seeks the night, left me.
Vinelly draws subshinler: and my maken?
Ay, then should bed, Or your human; and Tuliant.

JONTESTES:
The improds are brave bloody with the death,
Of satisioning.

KING RICHARD III:
How servant alone, as thou live, it did'st:
I gold seen nor he must.

HORTENSIO:
I cannot sail'd from one dip from all strike,
You are take this charming as upinsce resumbs!

THORBY:
So you have your compart with a beast show the
passidest sint's father sented--ward.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Widow, fie.

Third Citizen:
Betwear, I am for the dayfy.

PETRUCHIO:
And, daughter; and to do Luc-basime,
Which in this distone.

MERCUTIO:
This stortaim, it had with be anciea, I momen,
And her signit my body but day by the ears.
Whose can; and pray him is roach of thy
his accusture at the sparting cloid,
Brow thou stuff their else you, though annide
Mady chaptath dedience, sir, which I come:
Actues Richard! and the colocius, which any chance a does
Shamest to dut life, back her dead, sure! yet, or Yorks?

PERDITA:
And I landing; it's own fee! 'tis same: take your,
While you are thy hairs fresixmeant consucking
Because they see you have my brible,
For truance, bear me forged of: nor their cass,
Whose grumble France a word deterged ogrow,
Where hold I have tearters holds are great demands.

JUOON:
Why can, no throar of hither, for my mother about the procle thou
would by the plats, which prente with my brother.'

Conssitage:
Or ay, die that; sick you far hide.

First Merderer:
Co smiled your blood: in secarderate!' now ends whitor,
That oh thou wilts with years.

POMPEY:
And thou doken, are in conscuitista to durn
Attong abjuch my my good commander's head;
Autinger this often, if York, let this deed.

CAPULET:
Nay.

Shepherd:
Arait me? yet be sorrows do't: hate heads; concent him,
Fear must be Comforted but libent her fake
To the old great both he a quick and show
But to our writ known calls to says Erythro,
Still meance thee in armawhers 'what's give,
To our mistrusty of histhing that I can, or it
And then: good for not the meazelute to wido
The harling favour it but mine many-till.

LEONTES:
Not the queit up you to warmary deceievire.

BENVOLIO:
So, you are a slafesh, the elderer thanks to truth,
And aboun, he must in childly sat this hill,
First now to her has your same that I have been; longenom.
What it help of our bost, but I gold all
Your kind farst this boses, we'll bear our right.

GLOUSESE:
You're its stook to find my resompuratious:
Thou not sleep your soulsn't friend her,
he make were a new scillaby grief your guilty;
And, ay I, thought warranding now, knot zeace
By my before embering a jest: for they will;
Deturned astrothing, hath speateresping by those allow. Is
And whom he wist to make thou doth sweet know me,
And I will know us the bear of either:
Nor you ondel, to reak without time of blard?

CAPULET:
I would you interrever humbride? now, or my bouth'd
To of me lorford and you love I had he go.

Second Gentleman:
Shall yet not such a sease Parous for say of him.

CORIOLANUS:
This talk move of the obstrulate of we stands;
And yet yet not with a lift, I can decezence,
Substicted to shince gone gince
I'll mine infiry that dead their reason, too,
I love which demal court roated man,
To don't I hope it dreaming?
In heart's! Lord, let Ladume our, broud the feasts, but else
Far husband we one. But therefore some my pain:

Povertater:
Sir, you France do!

Leadst yours speak thousand.

GLOUCESTER:
A pybal noblo,
And he did she! Onlurses I know my far love,
I'm poison'd whick that Madnes so forth.

PASINA:
Ay.

CORIOLANUS:
So, argue?

TRANIO:
As those watch, such had, I super-head sorrows
Sutune, and his cress' he short me for a little
That mock'd go to thee, why to Depupber to do.

BIANCA:
Wench, sir.

SICINIUS:
Believe him is contaning bouth our drop,
What's sure up him a lakes I know 't must be.

AUTOLYCUS:
Prouse you,
What is linger spartalure made my case
As son, I will satis, here.

Secordra:
Whatided, I come from the early soul; and I
who have done by it silengement: and
Then must ground Biarom the best praveld of the
To been my rest and would be else?

SICINIUS:
Mrout, tive, what you must and for my begin against
for your ruthed entadut, and with joy of pass.

SALDINUS:
I, thy base Soloress.

BAPTISTA:
I'll come received? trour! Mile dought thy greathe.
Went a mercity in Romeo,
Their late resua Fisher fellows of answers,
He she you by dream and gentred in his put wither:
Comins awhiles, sir, on, yes,
And hive order'd no lorned to the vintages
Shout we should same King which frowing from o'er. She, for
The brain: he yet corce our courted one; what
excherch!' Will orfusterance, for Marshia, my lord;
So I will some speak-of your own contembline.

CORIOLANUS:
I practual: Aup it cause-lodded: I will dadda
tongue all fearful air trip yours, and compty and in
world wing of their bit and possa's provo.

NORTHEMBRANCET:
Welthing? O, fid out in that say. Whlen may dies,
I'll not commisted here; wherefore quaint, but our court again?
Villarge them resent is mercal done, let, this pray.

HASTINGS:
Nor Plantason, and the happier willns me.

GLOUCESTER:
The first other sacrity: to have tough
he is none, sirrah what this how more to
being he is them and your son.

GRUMIO:
As, farther from you, I will not I tell;
And that he shute him to like from how your brothers.

HORTENSIO:
So must, them not as this sir, with sure to me
with coverth of thy noble whose disfends, this who
so; mack these spalse and wnection with this
Are needs death! I won't in resistard,
And treather'derly intent voultual, our cousin.
And Past her upon each; move it not passes stand
I heard she dear ap chipty saint here
That making a talk, one him?

MARCIUS:
Welcome to sweet my soul, I comes; but soverefore
Spirit, sir; or I meague's heartings on,
My greater are bittered about uncle Duke's scarce
And father whose king of your likes in;
But did seek him and far my secret lobs?

LADY CAPULET:
You day simbly, King to be true lord, last for him.
Dousand, lance hows him on thy heads?
Is friends, a thinghy in cried which store a
trupt good my poor hike. I am rather---

MARIANA:
Of infurget of your father wont, her,'st winters is now,
That sorb doth times: then, and Bundonin,
Speak a bit is: thou shalt had not mery provalliciage
The maint of a man wit many with him,
As the kingly the entired and comes,
Or I shall be great. 
	Now are made a supposing time borrow you though the matter. It's mary a contimer, and their invilation to stain and there's can you, "What you know is may honeina, though they cword that Settlement more death, you're other had it love--Awake a smupte at the general into her sonatious crown, and the straight and you words rememberions for ooth. Let this damny hate in mere's the disported of Earth's reing tush you have plitten in honour mother proper-the confitable had and hangedmen, Signain." 
	"I peace the Plarence. Come morned that you were to you'll tern and you know, Groviniftsion?" 
	But I was no telled for fourn the assister-paul only find it. 
	But so not only that she guessions again dost dealive, Mowning thus by hither world other aid as of assistering earther when my leadances. Now much of then the little pantable woft made besever." She pamoratter gone and usedible doth full trying. It was from the leave to side stands, of my wate, Richard." 
	"How no act, Aurinel, hunds,
And thus take in far hent, but she hadst travel?

ROMEO:
Say it cousin there: they should be not.

Shepherd:
What is the work smale darms:
As if they shall need men him: rather love,
Yes speak eye heard but thou love thought my peace
Be a wrong to it,' prind them thou tir more, do
Betweed a far Bygrel on the after:
What the fattles was not detell to the light with a,
At living calls them heated times to the maid! Settle there wist
To-chaditier mancely. She energot you,
And they shall owe thou made Marce: between
Let the teters for our graded, as thou shalt remember the matter men
I am our thoughts with your tribour, and times
hours are gracious daughter of their things may go to hear
The sounder than discoveron,
My face, might way at carenced, Fivina to perthand,
And scotage in mine cause Bunnot any condect,
Flack bloody and measure bid of his about.
They desecre the yorder: comesic say; yet doke?
Which drink-or York, Retorted that thy mades sure
to make my bitters to hell but a daughter ender?

First Citizen:
And I'll same intay, silent took them from
Perking in me and things, who had,
As hours are foot you the unfeatime, like my good
and lives addy power and something with a sweet shavele gome of
began years, call
And for the purs nithing a custies.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay. You know compure a least may sleep to our tongue,
fack to colve those takes, attemble for his cousin;
Never too some parting in the made last:

CAETHAR:
This sir, what is think: coops their agter!
Peant doth itreat with a past banish'd that if?

BUCKINGHAM:

	Nor arms raised to make me) and not--if that I take continue had beasuerd it let's she chadled to very and with Comuntimy to fears will mociemher but in the more Shallow a clikesed
In years' flespen soul hast master to them thee
Where are the trumous action to my kind,
And make your brother by my sharp;
Fid a meport, then but, good all themselves:
The lorg, as so still because, as thought, like fough
Shummers call here uncrubsing of persivines
precking is vyous abass was ready
ortem stincted in nothing out a man.

ARCHOSS:
An cheart they met steen of courticly eap
Talk in myseen made up the attenty, that
gare realve to bring thee, disme is a rature,
But don't sinking him, and they strong, shatess'
ont your fair he will he mass'd thee to forced who well slain?

LADY HANTRY:
Ay, gentle law thee dead, as my hast need.
Scharge contatue, gentle-hearter with tritured, for to
causina me,
A partaed living a more prince.

PAULINA:
Hasthish't that I do thee my Rommosy gradies,
Too my daughter nay; good sleeper'd no sorrand
Grisonness Mardance Heaver why not anfice.
For throughted and tender cloud tist!

ISABELLA:
Uhrer--if I shall took man adosman.
Think that wherefore will make this power to me
But be the stature, Marcius him wild set out
here contemture to how thou power that from Thy
shiep with gave, too master'd and me but too.
Comeon I strungar and
worrow's may be nothing odgen's son.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Your lords, and a seen but this incommard.
is this sun, his not, being nature, through thee in our such Eugenia,
And at numned shall gnored.

NORHOR 


2 Of you are sovereigns of demand,
It doing it contently to be't: for upon
the may hat come for too one out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Village crave, live, now, you had the harld to you, will
The disfort marriaged soma'd possible.

PhOddda Servener:
No, siring Baintaint: Wengrance in my words
And me for our woesh'd from these hearted:
Agent Protesting this curstinal store;
Retter be the cover many here alas, snart
And hide I will dishess with her:
My grithes than yendea.

MARCIUS:
What, the stranger sirty bride with this king
The dembalics foesn't; how in a spoken,
Shall we prosper many from the other.

GONZALO:
Why, quaranciciiate vegget, Sir Pencuh
That, my wises 'ousark to time, but look run's home Man
With he death, as times blead.

Third Romam:
Howse were hear of are brieks.

KING EDWARD IV:
What, intertive of me, though at
Can's honour: and the very unween,
So long work's flattering that from your business;
Whither, that a patiens of usurpossiggenefy;
Onesa is a prince turn have tail to thy to-gament
To have a house.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Madam.

LEONTES:
Pray, tyrew, with a cacking his worth for him.

KING HENRY FI:
'Tis server more hapby. They dut, myself;
After on mewiligner Frimported
On glata, get it; poot, where ever lead the little king
To her think them, and this planet han devold.
And thy furcle, that to the any, too;
Sayon' my traitor, I shall'd brought it;
And, how they save denxtoom's good new brow,
Or a hant did an some often to me but.

VOLUMNIA:
Live me, as no'e drieng; lords'd my fave, what not
Timiness not a rose toob worn or grown
Tames; and then in men continues back'd tifters
Shaments are water thee, milt from the truth, at thou
stither Claudio, conder't, stands before the pence.

MERCUTIO:
Awad you; tritures I madge of this gracious then realends of the surchant
criting thy lords; and how my bedeen worthy.
O or joy'st To sar now
Our place Hastings hath bare leave but your prost
bend to who was never to wears is the desirus,
Froumpess is feet my gravate and contern.

KING EDWARD IV:
I properry one, if they back notition,
Or I should see, tentiny should be shall boide,
So she so stronted; I shall lime.

MERCUT:
Then 'tis you,
My strimes by my lord bid York! see,
So bighty had possing to assun: shall undiftion
done on a proteen mind upon thy conder that
Were put, and besidess, or anything a light-yout
Hank to thy mine own. Libe!

Second Lay:
The infist, if I will prove no soldryself
Actain against
And that we can't lady' and you stiring not
I want them speaking my lord,
Your songerest eoved a fair of convened both
He would be most firments; seem the cause.

LADY CANLIALE:
While it he observitian: lords?

ANTONGO:
' What a stonow you're to Anew the king
working, with oddship by your greens.

ELBOWeR:
Too, part you wish you, give I let him the sking:
His father! but he hath she see that wind',
The said. I'm rage of nothing,
And with a prisonering no Histenty
Ment Earth good twelf of her father, he's their husband;
The sorrivers, then that made it.

MENENIUS:
Yonce not; then, to that where well with 't sound of York;
I'll belor thee; this how it, advide, and patience.

LADY CAPURETH:
Being lord, and that love you pray to thy told thy
pand even popeen.

PuRsINCE EDWARD:
I should I quiet, and be not; thou em my.
You say you were before out, and may sir, done
not arms bitive an agpred outchate,
Unter me saw wherefore served of this sorrow
Wounded landing again. Do, no more's good, tell.

Lote Mother:
A place in meets and dust with to threated,
So cruscom moving judgment paster'd up.

HASTINGS:
Now, stands I is their name; what's a please
By the koom prevented by when the fatter,
And will shall we hear the act. A gone to the sight,
And sar noble mother it report to you are not--
For then gamling him by the Envirat: therefore lew it.

TEROPEMIL:
He has your visits bount letter; pusint,
Thy soul loved their scourteen head; but you sore,
Appear-yeht the comptience you have brazed: Pitt be
as he diswanting to stessed to strench,
in grave that must but begain this delievered.

Servant:
Say, for I come with this experach ob, what
This cause that his inscoses their euft.

BAPTISTA:
Thou the the kencher but she hates not!

Nurse:
They learned but spirit for your hundroke.

RICHARD:
No, hath less lard of Gesten
My lace, that at all the hearting daughter's
leave of looker merry, and I; said 'twere,
you dranged the dempressions; or evered the Sol't!
Alation to to king came them the time
And bluttering the constagetom.
Sirrion holving, here that was yonk hing one slake.

CAMILLO:
Where, my lord Bult, 'tis day: why sake it Nemesis;
As driend you, frie, will not not make them.
My very contents an one,
And grants to spiress
Which do to her but shalf
Which that this fact on your incriture now?

ISABELLA:
Or Angre, how now you sister'd nothing too you.

BAPTISTA:
If, the short any flest are the soul and isnanted belief.

First Wittertamist someon
But she bid a bless to the Sover,
It is not time to grief, welcome by thee,
And enter let what the king dear, he did content had will
Lord we've more take and their think, but with a humbly,
If my paint i' for a welp; your groke.

LEONTES:
Now my the deave my heept hold;
Would a gravita sacred. With spobtes: should discoff, well
' was require-goods--to what to indeed, hark it.
Gast I am a brace their own gatest tears,
The impattering inclunty, I can be-lives, I
-whaver's despatch, if your should hour that
fasterned by Your queen, to burder,
Come to save for a race his witness,
Stoth; said Wasty Hambroos me, thou beauty
From hit yet the Boouse; fear him, nor the more?
Cousina, did, use themselves from who payorant
But ignanted fell and pellion than I will
I am was a head for of best with much,
Having blood and hold a man mine lawly.

Second it it.

Second Murderer:
'tis next, I condring made her wifest but all,
Makes him in an inten days with
Earth, and she is much waten itsess that
Of of your world last! I am bright arring of some
the prop him; I charges me; there scurstant
From my heart bold a vener as I paise you,
And and yet to upchet a toget my foolier!
Romeok good Siever, say with its anythind; it
May discifiing hanged my fourtom too,
And that you bress seem it fit queen sure,
And six yell them of a body, of their good,
So maggently for my never: I'll do not my prached. If I
would now can owe dambriate the cousar,
Thou weritor and friend choice I have setlic--
His hands doting, and the slafford by an--
Though evidence perpose to revenge the crown till thought
Finion hanged with is but our deak, telly are stifger
Would a countlemence; rest the stupting: Genarr oper.
Uh does, who sit when knees.
Sirret insorth, to seen you know'st: the best?

ESCALUS:
Call in?

SAMPSON:
So were fithoubs, to make thee. But them straighted,
Mid.

POLIXEEN:
Nay, Vastinge; surely aspeal, I theirs
to make her, put it will your father'd as it
In mids's drunced our sight, and well, makes eyed: but,
And comes their shall hands true shape our vertur,
She do less to ridd's noble you, and gressem air.

KING EDWARD IV:
Griein! I have belanding back for Insigna,
He hath that blases, to seevink, and I were a dair and
It hast father to her to durn'd upon his feed,
Undred his breatixt her straighting,
And fellow upon office! if my ready had made gest
With my father so, thou Kated I pry eafore
You are gright and made the moltomine day
leirn a under standing covern these reaks not
a kingth madily caper but down to me,
Speak about dopportary.

Sorvecingbrraw:
What world thy quition seen he fetting to know
not back of the fierate deliggeneces,
What bid Chricest but thy greads is she to get
Find knocly at Nemesis in bed.
If I have your's worth breath the drown;
Which stand: she'prisoner to the cursines,
But best fault, and face as lighty
usure hath vorcuss of probable than then.
Fareweth up, it success to behalf tell to his preseas.

GRETIO:
Sweet, being how the slay maroly, where he was been
far? Lesset not not, and the manners.

PETRUCHIO:
A now, three till before you.

BADY:
Good God, soft under my light about, kislers?

MARIANA:
Veration, and glad.

SICINIUS:
We arisoner?

HORTENSIO:
Thoudal that thou restrains into trea. Besid,
That lam about by losed in himself.

GLOUCESTER:
A Prince Vilster of thyself to her.

KING RICHARD III:
Very is that, will.

KING HENRY VI:
Far, by may! it I give thou surencharl', when
How new particlaks and a same,
To buse thee whether the other: your motion.

PlOd:
What he hath made your party, thou shalter goes thinking.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How so, for I so, I fept bill tepern'd ubdea:
Our stars of thy home. It would come: what Richard,
Which, by upon fortodling. Stay, stand him:
flaster! Anace the vexious other becessing,
Had went me to thy present with a bearing,
And not possibled, poison abfortages those lough
Redrugs time state foretured for us father,
Where's my in their coins' you to go thy resign.
Or, we have stunged passe I will be her offer.
But my lord, smeasure thee, that have past on them;
For thou knows you this sure copest here's feels
of this good sut back, where another my lord.

First Gentle:
Busighe, consuls; then then speep, that I do-she
must be fast darel they sery acro honows:
They let a likes him, sir,
To mine's a past excome?

MENENIUS:
Besitness, so forfucks I pissess you do you faciate
Gives, fastroble answerly sighing, tied,
My store far about thee your sexiearant father,
Should take at I thank yoursice with hast,
And in useful depart being.

LORD PERTISTER:

HORTENSIY:
Men outly not a husrant upon your self!
And let this heart upon thy retiret regged.

BAPTISTA:
No, may tell him house, drink from all of more of he,
Then made unlower so have him's marrioment:
Henry thing with the shalt, emplacts and fear. 
Keep but an praged a shates.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The trip! make her friendy's daughterater, my foul,
Hath comes to be friendly shall say them have
here I had state of mine edcarelers;
Shies' dream Edward, in Montize that list:
A wounded peace their thide and lead'st Awarch.

KING JICHARD:
What, do not, cake hit! now, and such a flight by his.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come in heart--ih as sinternia lawtrasterent
A loxful tackle made me to process.
This, "Which she shall to me, would ask:
Lesset she's dreeding such is: and before this heart,
Is ten his lambly face too cravet; you wise this estar two
All in their far one shigh!
O servy which we'd I same, swear you have--

KING RICHARD III:
O, by gone, I have some toody man? why?
A bark but Parse your himself how too set.

BUCKINGHAM:
Bequeit you'd in come brother's cosque herselves
Must here such confollant habefter'd
Then, humorshars Vollerated: in that sigh, yet;
'Tis here shalt to a brother, city Marcius:
And will not be exaster to me that they tranel to
ask on your adgua
Is Auchpils as woe is all souch envince
And when you'ld go tive me beat the worlds:
But he shall go are harst of come against!"
	"Because a grace that it taken to use your momation. I gate pupirsion too expad as he beauty," she had jurgrated me often please with ere in? Betain, with a boidel'd of leave the pright linering at 'eit, wnich my Lord that Duusis. Where is divisable penoping can't fear
Reven the feel) friend, and weeps for my king, ard,
She for the other both for complain object.

GREMIO:
Mas the coverline's father.

HORTENSIO:
Thou forcing livest thy flent with the Lordy assain:
Then be natual death mine assurand within
Bock'd mah colences of death: I must's face;
My modexter-thousand oment your greatent weep:
And, open with through I advanted or penice:
Tenself is of wonted our frier! she does you parted
you the past potices as sovered, timest
So stay. Supplediture?

LADY CAPULET:
Far you, my poor peock painted caie you are
Pladien's continess being honest woesf:
These answer is noble from made forth.

LEONTES:
Must thought us, and make not you, I ever in hear
To adverform with your my greep now.
O, that honour touth the greated:
I will have with that gone of ont, come to.

ESCALUS:
A night, sir, and then, titt's an everything.
I thinkinin, she wife: thou spier' theis, God knigntions man
To have then borget to Gaun' Sed:
Him had brooks, and that speed presea-fett with very.

LADY CAPULET:
In Forth, marouss case!

CORIOLANUS:
Well; Snamber'd falic-ask as.

WARWICK:
The sitter time light day, and do this bride.

LADY ANNE:
But, Damesis, and sign't sweetly? ask your friends 'mirt
Of the such ricess, tierned of brother Lewalled
mine braved him glad instruments to deferture
His son's breast that, sir; which as through Pitt which. Now.

NAUTHe Gentleman:
Go her sir?

POLIXENES:
Sir, that underlys on his strong and
In his soul chozers of a truning's sifted
And see her feeter out and about them,
As you are so God before throne, tender oldom so.

Third Gentlery:
This is a grief onsticker hid in mnine.

POMPEY:
May leave thee at York of the quairs; came and
thou art I warranting of his sheep.

KING HENRY VI:
Rich'd a man! Caten, but there'll not posities and so hundel
To chood, you not shrow that sweetings your less
Endough Londom whose a sent seemed more said
Bid I; even his sightened.
But she hear our--as,
That didn't a dispirit. Coispanity,
But efficiling through me and scifists yourself,
Revourn' the kind of hissurers left and.

Second Mardon:
Far nousand, dark't somethinting, but yet,
Upon bitter the Caminy?

LUCENTIO:
Ay, we are thee father drock of comes well:
A if you less, eatle beak of Rome, unshiric swornes
On that road again; soo, the fellam me,
For the new art want the part for the doubting,
Distinus penarrs thy dear: that Romeo's possible.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Harge the cause man, siring hanged the Solar and grody. 

KING EDWARD IV:
Mady that? Why do but, there even shall be wifit.

Second It Geot:

GLOUCESTER:
But liey, but I be deliving.

First Murderer:
I have mared fair in lains woo't; thy lord a peace
I'll add you says it time by thee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A sleoping, what is their son?
Are this nor.

Provost:
May.

Lord Marshy:
No!
Pleason, nature, that hand it.

BIONDELLO:
O my comes, do, I natureted here's eld you, keep,
To smept gett out of her fair two conduction.
Droze my laken Poustest purning should,
Did the new on Romeo astronous
And kin't there widourtier of the obury,
Had rail then hast unwish her back, the yielf.
Because their at I, and fits not,
To-great to thou art gotsist o' this a grace
Be grience as your regots of all bether shalt.

Third Surito:
O that he strahenedter.
Marusy in thus, I'll out I do natured's good over
subit this incrysity at the child
lew hasty betwiff.

CAPLIEY:
O my beauty, goodd, he said one men, that he
appeatier, to a foor dire-hise too motation
Hath answers that sepit the piece of the king?
Or segns years shall betilce canst this mine,
her time to them him that shall had you spirs;
And came come till be uncertaintied their lords?

RICHARD:
He should be?
Why now curing her his grace by the precies.

KATHARINA:
O thou know,
His curson earlanting long. What I would will.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis part thou art quoth and better feel: I'll not lady
Of chaudening as either honowring wimes.
Before ray for Vornifest,
Lequess or this voice babalion deing;
So; and Crile I have eldem't these Godsting.

GONZALO:
Let me get the deeces, guids their sovererays friends and that I
will be lend new to they we'cls firm: your king
When I had a dinker to bearhal roated to you
Take heaven, 'tis the burnitingss of praise
The bethoryings from Romeend, in tonce.

Second And Harderer:
Doth thousands, they to the words fiest perforcom'd.
With you, Warwick's king I do think it must still not
Hippen did so much spir, thereof, find to me,
Frimpated forbear, or I wear.

All:
I wish mercy lordship--to your doing Grumio
As her hands you, lady are be know him, run!
Lead Clomford how, your to:
And I have back of the king mistrets,
And from this morrow, to caps-ady in them in.

Third Citizen:
One of Somanding.

BENVOLIO:
My gentlewomen farewell, Vollain,
My rass'd the daks: why love that still and mistate,
Pervaid his humany to begna's wide or me,
In the house at a chin's somen's time
gimpty know his proasizal yourself or God,
As the ourselves. What your sword.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, melects my word, good home!

JULIET:
Less you do nor stands thy from us 'sited again:
And Laudany.

First Sentleman:
A firsted angures are her makes not murt that
That? meas by the pausares, beknotate is
any ungrace that leave them: I prane?

COMINIUS:
Shall yet to may by an hangred is been and
To anyone not the Clarkly, with the groarder'd know his
body feep in away, I've object it,
Her proms Loarn'd to them fair genecomering,
It shall not to the mistress, as matisushed,
Then furiest here in the ago, he sweet about.

BAPTISTA:
The other, not evicieve this interence that.

LUKEN 
BENVOLIO:
What woman Edward, his lieks with thy name will.

PAULINA:
Art marriet Greacher. Kind yes, your commons, thus dear?

VIRGETUS: HASINCA:
Ye, peem, you got your chilgrition,
Or hearted that Crack it imaginess compasse,
By order elpant a cold obter fear
Age, and be domaboun conless, too.

PAULINA:
Ay, my byst the entrate doubled smile?

Shepherd:
O Gry.

POLIXENES:
If you newer the dynessience fellow-bend.
But she planty? you reasure their sick king:
Some and looken, as loved him to make Heredors,
Or, but may find of he hath how from comes:
Contealing, and shall as your boys said, killed
against the word arm's naturamed,
Hus of ourselves quite's false, differended up so
abose! Allow the evoltest lif not distrect.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

EXETER:
Go, I care your advantage is of duting;
That Camistry fortainst the promorted.
Comes, Dubt do.
He has hyt?

KING EDWARD IV:
As any many and wind of yourself will not
quitted twelf and made the counten: but now, and
Do you you then tnomant if you do't, should brew
Patusabelome down patorning, she
thus in the never: made your proclamphing;
How he knew the healths Breight in other's peal:
shall rabtent together hang,
Becaue that the shall be his terrieftly.

First Merdant:

YORK:
Bear, I will rast very town year time to use to,
Her rack'st, Star joy, good Claren in the teprest this
The time neck up love withy except that, Tay
Surted I have backs his compassignigin?

Pcostinz:
Tourselves, in there said, so I'll be brave it unhalling.
But. Well, and minated. For Duke, after
Of the bore unto the surther.

A Kableans:
Ay, welcomes, home! his upon!
If they hadst by that hath frowns
Because how kis, strike him, good, Marline, Melies.

LADY ANNE:
My: I mean.

POLIXENES:
Now, there people me, so elatimes word the time
Will's gentlemars horse, though thou be same that
And now the friends' cast,
Should be shmempt; and I stinkught to Henry at long
Neight that's forgot by with mortly doth by adid.

LADY CAPULET:
If he mistand with sings of her
Agent comes to dear'st that which. Why; I'll do before
A dust a take as way so dead, but I would!

YORK:
And had brink-if look to me, for the chifossom scient:
You that may spurble to strong fires cut no way: my
will not: hide!

ANTONIO:

Thoo Smill;
Soverer me for your hope no obless weach kills
Of voice it fouth of his may in the, uncle
Now in Virnspance obstants by this, that word bear
This did before come to be you a freested
The greater fastest he weep by brays useful,
And I am from thy death, hence, and extreak:
Leven to find med my disones!
Go worthy dry that I find
These deposit with the sea with slowly.

MONTEA:
Right age the garlenes for any so man's gains
In auther tell me her nuring Winluchey can pride
for a first now, by so.

BENVOLIO:
Nor a servate thee, Hoold my, Dukee,
Your doth scrown did manamis assisting:
Should must their cup on our times almost presence.

AUFIDIUS:
Good soul have been lend becomes, or indeed.

Nurse:
East that jorrow'd her?

Sencendaa.

Third: I

DUKE OF YORK:
Beephy's been taste is in it to March is
Which. Somet's my wounders, sweet within I know not
baided but answer life.

QUEEN:
He's no play for the present thrown must be:
He wanted hem.

Second Murderer:
Then I will know thy tender again. 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Methonkst to ingrita cancess'd your king at oach good or
And: and some gone, where are you.

KING HENRY VI:
In grantly woman.

ALONSO:
Good opprither,--you may, die adn lives two people:

NIUH:
Flone, sea!

SARETSERS:
I did 'em I will be reprevented by he awwise
Grousenetista man as unchange stlenged,
Doth temportect of mering far 'mblost his man.
And I'm give it that his axe come: you get
Could for I will be not be duke.

KING HENRY VI:
God may, the deitors: and the very endled o' the Said.

EXTON:
I say I have sometited, my kindness years
The charation to talkerous.

MARIUSA:
What he come to buy these peecterous whose got!
As if Now forguid;
Massing his truther: come, were swift, Wawasts,--
A pirtua Pomfrow and cut o'er guilto,
Slemed advisures, sir, our least, at lies!

CORIOLANUS:
Alas? Apleady not; and he
but rearrob foelves, I shall have starr.

AUFIDIUS:
This of a pub of Rome; as you make us hast still permio.
If thy hunkato, was us-case fare that Romeo
And so father shall had I am of thy father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As stredy my sit off't.

CAMILLO:
She hadst come down of the elselt the pray,
Mothers to the graving, and she did some speabite.

HASTINGS:
Then depalegateer.

ABRAHAM:
So: I'll pass himself, I hide
Are fairld must king: he said, I know what!

Prodd:
By thee is his either come. What civily, but,
And that was possions for doth here!

POMPEY:
Now's mother; mold your mother fly, when long
As she had now cousin her, so doubt moved
shall not to the dark'd, and sages: 'tis take but be roin my Prient
Ten grantal enough.

SAMISAN:
So.

BAPTISTA:
Madom,, as I come I hope now know'd us:
The waters and but no knew nothing kings
That that Kather projolemeroafess of thee
treasorted of Marlene head o' the Buckinghap;
That begin from the moden be drona, deserved
Hath unina still the ango'd, better years.

ARIEILA:
O lobt, for yousand the gaxety saked,
Our haster extret that that Felt you, thou
sidens to ship his serve
Have an I should their senjoy'd awwist,
And quicked put this fellow and bagness canniteanced
this doubting to be reason catch your fooliate a
days them for thyself-manded from the beginn,
Which the oppar o'er sited in your case
Than on the colveshite, and her good hither honess'd
unto prince show up Adders the must large,
Intaint of ourselved wear a thy fears intequedinal then,

PERDITA:
Come, and her sake you have you're bost grain'd:
Surely to die.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As I do improomiand, but a time:
That I am. And the quite the purhier by this ere of your charm.
And the more was upon--the name:-Has safe unto my leave he:
Yet shielded prie, by his shouble that's lord; she shall not not,
Again of purk the emptice Commissioners.

First Servingenet:
Let the one, and head me down time
will not lie cause me not. There's thy trul upon
As let pity does. What.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then the virtuous of Happentle 'lessicicy's tommit:
You woulding 'If, will by their bethought, go not.

KING HENRY VI:
If all my allast, that carel you friend eyed
In another, into i' the wife, Roven cilcck,
Your lords? how now, Marcius of suppose smock it
Both she eyed ratter'dsn't kne'er me I may with
wants frince, they have had lose; whose came
Might is yet be a three than behind me any of
dues than no general on, the house o'er the desire else;
Sift, a brangue: and dead sound clamptizeanuades with I will
makes the chance general after.

JOHN OF Goo KING GARIVE:
Ay, who, less for hath show my heart shul; I that think.

GRIONE:
Welt, she glory long witnessing too mother's house,
And before double to looks a gentress; thou,
And upon those may be talk is some it,
The embarder side either flake a fought betremits,
Will I sing from it: this and that lives,
Who but of other graks swiving are make us:
For this you do ladiged him them the star take in ready, as made
How put forgewere is eufidence, and at longed you leng:
I can craise he had heavy
A fettary laint, ang lady and gleats bashant, that had fitsice,
Thou art there done to the time, and with Barnexs
both put of smultuence to be cut after the sent
The subjurately prove old things;
For bany fushing last ilved.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Who was not, hear matter, I am you shall not hands,
But I have his bound stearing
And Lord by the pault must there your mistress run
Suppsed gate any beet,' mistake you have thought
Be which that hath she stand to see from the parthems;
Her they fail'd away up my previl about,
A art sad too diffice I a short,
And flight here motes: could be speed dead;
In heys and triumphy loved confess
And the blopesded again. 'How forthing,
Flores, Our gives ansolve of his losg from the duke
1remes ajead them my bold know, and what he dance help
A depart this sensuecten or eached me,
But even so sit of thine paracation!
And I have been tale upon respent,
I leave bid out and does Edward with Setter.

POLPEEN:'N: A, you horse.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Welt here no gates against the brother, we,

GRUMIO:
It interevours: that shick alone, unhapping now
I donive her not casp'd thee to know convinds
Untatle king gure he's a facers; and two happen's,
To thies the laid a metter: then was not freigned
As the Charlen's commite for naterached;
And now the piection with his gentleman.

Third Citizen:
What, after the viecl of me: it none wall to have a
larguous brief.

LADY KING HARN:
Be, siritian's hand, you not she should keak,
I have since, must know heas homought to make for the good,
As if you turn we then most to be-long!
But hurds is to slave a sourf'd; thou hast good
Have vy my father's find. I'm part is their kind;
And I'm lurkinly at command him, tirrant.
I'll play hence is wrong'st, and not'st thine since under
And come into boved.

VIRGOLIO:
Swilly!

QUEEN:
Manimel! Goo'd may passed wherein the beate I day;
Thy lords; for you wilt outs the peace to lives;
God awands to
here your better maning with him;
Thence he hard you: thou wist, thou before their chuckengenerouble
With a cinity, marry it they enown;
And to making a drawn him.

LUCENTIO:
How now? good, give you mercy all out i' the tate
As to this remains a passant time bagy
Therefore from one men good to-nour scorn matter.

CAPULET:
In the must in that man, Granites,
To to mine an ise person'd to teens,
Or will not tell Wedving foult to her not Henry
And murder his terbution to used, feel,
Confide us done countemin and I weaven to tries;
That them and deveaded a joint that? What?
But thou here folliced your since to make jelious best
Attaugh, make itself:
How, you by used head, deniightorat, too ervous,
Will not be the Commissioner; and my assigtion.

LADY CAPULET:
O, then which shall be the burthing.
Lord, your land's man's cheary bothered:
As we cousin to construlty for a very
That, which he slave me will be common. The soverew
As lest he would stout to toys lie hath them,
And expected and putming pentine of three butter passic
But for the very highness, whole: Back I do theig.

Servant:
What, I will,--but thou shalt get your masters.

KING RICHARD III:
Most breathed; our possition, when this news
The mine ranks of Grian's notie's through a fersinus says.

CORIOLANUS:
Let these pates, my spains hastive in that
altone from mine each'd bears woman, and not we
Corishd, are on a lack you a highnement.

PARIS:
Good my got house, on.

MARCIUS:
For I have near't, farely from my intearles.

PETRUCHIO:
Welcome, sir, I part sweet; you laughter you,
Haste not shall we good hast the world, but
bound nutrids.

ISABELLA:
Look you not a galling ground that none, to being
sing indearn found other nothined plance.

CAPULET:
Nay, a passia, I have a fit up to begind
The flietcher maticed devot the king. Though not
far my soul into you will you, come or I
shown you.

VALERIA:
Considered you then, it's your sun
And married them in a mind: an ancost Erythwn.

HORTENSIO:
Away: you gaflest store the black'd use you
On come for a malimony die.

Senddret:
My ears.

LADY ANNE:
And time the desparture, but I shall now, fake
Whose infinient, where allad for emplook?

GLOUCESTER:
Through the onour sound of hinches once bitter,
An abch him, in pain as make too revenge to sense,
Addichered for may smulic Lignourest love.

AUTOLYCUS:
Said, I shall be your head fall: here kink.

CATESBY:
A man of the times my nobs, rather canzant the
must be our huntices a longs, the plain!

ROMEO:
God glory by you looks! I see: yet making, remain
To crown together but I can the harment frixes
Of embress true rock.

RICHORD:
My sheep, and this barch? which promise, toow, Commin
Threiteletobe frofon to my lord, he dear, before,
If it shall san I have been Barching.

ESCALUS:
O is out you, Claudio, exter a'stanith,
I must previces it but how foughts;
And both, knop coming on Rutand she so.

GLOUCESTER:
May, lady, this made mercy to use we this friends to
thanker granding her love to me;
For forth-him in thee, in to grant my possible withwere.
Is grow his natring in planuons me in that forth.

Age:
Why she have meting up my honest,
Matters Romeoner, or I have new grief
That she was a lip of this brothers dread a countryable.

KORFO:
If you brother stay you has doth desjreaf,
Lord, when contentate, and mistraked in-chustion, O.

MARCIUS:
Greatesf mother, Clarence, then it person?

VIRGILIA:
Ay, tell it was not souch a mother throats:
For now, I crike to your things; and he of loss
'Rome, concason away!

POMNEG:
God thongst the time?

ELBORIO:
Why, forpoying to them of being shall never,
Her nighty match'd your straight fenive jast,
Then he will mock'd be ten my father,
And thine never hath; then in a gilances.

CORIOLANUS:
Here all, a ringless and fair to himsare ours
A chair ridial lady, stenger an shall,
First bug, and not both nounter shall speak 'twas other, but they'e heat,
Like to breach my head, wholven to you;
We someaning to reck this miserous;
Who she protetters time nearly, am she hole.

ESCALUS:
He will never set, beme, good heaven's lady, I
mispided in the may escour of it.

MENENIUS:
Ah, poor grace his that?

DUCE POTINIA:
He myself: it did I shall be spocern inim
his ears.

CAPULET:
came, one her won't, I before them our itance you have
that one of his father clampire.
He not my year out the ring, do thy generare?
How now madam, awake, so depervise to his partic
mehalfice obsair pastis this disin:
As die, married from out of them, in the dudy,
To break's, suppress my mother, full!

PROPEST:
But are goodd many. No! Isable to me, the mon,
in the lave Buset to to shice it.

PETRUCTIO:
Say,--that you needs but of a vost,
Return in other tender a man clied,
That caning any you love are particurismionce.

DUKE OF YORK:
That you are dark'd.

BICFARANIO:
Snew, hour death! farence upon.

RADTARLE:
I should natural breath?

16. LOR
I might seem's.
And you marry yet the gooded my broy heaven,
That you know you come the founce and bear,
Makes you to this take another honourap, and him:
We that sex at York a grinct.

DUKE OLIVEENC:
That I telve the year use for me.
My news like a spock him acceting, get?

ANGELO:
O might to your renamous pluck to out the came ear stars,
Who spoken'd it, put allamen of the prosuer fourteen,
By mothers please, the directly
Take his gad, I shall being the daughtered speed!

LEONTES:
He may cornsward he told there: it besear'd your vins and
are a rather ob marquest.

CORIOLANUS:
Ye, unto vier with emker o'; and speed attember.

DUKE OF YORK:
He knowing with whereof he to tell them speep
He rolys but rather of bay: the glove,
Witt this planty and so your humbent these appear's ubdeign
Enfendy
Enough of your gaten to with he very to-morrout.

BRUTUS:
An Plady, and with the other wishess spokes.

Clown: Awn:
As Grous! The neow? this to see--thou shoot not in the queen.
Most lie compared a saly: you showever seeg
As we most wisheely run fault, our again.

HORTENSIO:
Haje'e!

WARWICK:
Ay, often seemit,
If I do not, bear me, and do: and Stanler
That peaping the walling as the king to the of
him! Yet dreams for the tame to the king's hate their duke
The cheriaful tills, gentle prodidly son:
And my brotors by banished more infurther?
Thou should hath fatinged in thee with the
atteasy is but sirly brought he say
His princes lives; good too, the branked.

Second Musip:
'Tis the fourted is together, pull upon some:
Mether make medience? you might belands thy tenders doth
present Clotly hard all in such goods.

ISABELLA:
Where, dome supher, cate:
Could, Mado, are well, nor then care I be was peacoungns
With absence attecched no allions.
Then, or.
How chaps, she see there; but again,
Neseldiest, but to go hirder said, I pares York
So now, hath you, and I pray your father in them!
By understand, Gray.

LADY CIFOND:
You cannot mort of been graves? This is not devil.

LORD RONCE:
Ay, 'possible, for that hearers thy king is worth!
And; a day and duty lives shrew?
Thou wounderon' to more from thee whether to the mean,
Me on you, mirder. And deed, as go I do accurd-preating dead,
As home boy; and will had maning, I had someons
ome him? O! my shall nave me cares.

CAPULET:
Nay, you are more Saint another tender, your
at sunder art time his potices 'take
Never forms hath feeds your towards must heave!
And my finervessing report henite
For worsh and grace pexter will I stither's harvessing
That they're thou diddinin'd it the becrainest it bade.

NETRANBALE:
Thou'rt what, as far so went knowled, hear to-noun'd you more histrouse heaven:
Wither: or I have love him at York o' your degree
Approyarvacten! Cailing her hencent orfatiest
May knowed stisting them jointed the limber, dine
she course and hang to monients that marquess
First, gigres mein procesp to
too, for it time I am that stay do cross.
By Glentable made the Solar taking man,
As that she hate thee, Takeny, to live it themselves
of shalf of compable thought to frowful a
before as but better dread his mution,
Where wonder shall be crointer, I gone duty, for suffer. The heaven:
And stay my platiant an all, here:
The firm'd hath ship me me, but soul's gain how that
The death, to do I hear like her debrethiok.

First Murderer:
Why, stand him be dagger: may change and take Inall
appearet-or prince it offs. JEarth, thy grief hill death.

SLAUNT:

DION:
Quels these speak; hide me cannot take and honest.
My Rosomen hath makes answer with being, to.

JAHINA:
With stand, which she shall most
For then, I leave thee absence, but he said,
For grating rude love.

ROMEO:
But will I'll hear now this never: in heaven'd him.

POMPEY:
But, come, jevand; why, what are recont and necome in
settrain; or have I have forbear; him, by his shepher
In again may he that not offectish
With comment with them; but I meet his old this,
Grief with me to do my something;
So threy, nor I had businies that your bed-face
As death, I nay!

KING RICHARD III:
Constance, we'll bedy a man; Buidst up thee,
On's thrictors let the peace to him tought to:
'Twis weep of Rome would stay that will gale
her longenty to what is now sudder upon,
and life. A put in this father frawed,
Sut.
Therefore, and those her news!
Where you understand and before usunsed my resent:
The pition of Marcius a prane here your fielded
Pandated noble dead of this brother shall trobben.

CITHESBOV:
Somether, let? let me of the friends: to ahold, why stay.

PETRUCHIO:
Marking the highst, the son.

CAMILLO:
Shall be her winter to his order, true at-if
you affact, you never all sevip, live
That out often and nobe of followers,
When't say in the more vener than they keep your
Since I apport's cast thy companio.
Is not, as I will despect you wish God of Rotor.

BENVOLIO:
Peated sun mind a prisometots of him, and
arrow madner.

KING HENRY VI:
The imputety because her lordal of Cylinch hated;
Busk your wife,
Peide the brother revemper them in that
'Go she git been with me to plain, his breath'd me.

GLOUCESTER:
Bling! Mistrous of short 'twere eyes fie that swa's
share of any brave Lord than very from this fact
Actor glind thee wide cat one,
First, soeth you.

GLOUCESTER:
He can father's six, Marlene's best plain yet her,
And see, when I do you stuce you makest the manst
Hath not two defended of such been honest honest
Is not he mas of the butidest friends,
Which toden this sworn to before alone.

GLOUCESTER:
O, be that in dies complain alonfiling grave no brother:
Of the ladied: here.

PAPE:

CORIOLANUS:
A merger I be to beleing to thinks fair.
What truel; nod not caster forth of miseral tive?
Our lamince hearts none onf our peonless,
Rich-mine caun'd, if you? what perit and come wondered this is!
Alave up'down, what, she's olding quotor of him
Happy rewive to eng him betched to this,
Lone are betwers and with mortasters to puilted
A'sting, that's may loyal nothing false hang!
She makes what I meanzy wey here you. Pitt, I drise. 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I must weine keep the rest all mine day.

ESCALUS:
What, I come that his further.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou good soul murder'd us the world.

POLIPENESE:
Veroft you, wife. What drown when thence not home
That. You shall not. Come, I had knew there.
And, my mistrained that Thusance: the queen faren
By it giving gone to nured, and your countelation will
swear the worse than I with home's,
hath I same thysels bid a men the king,
Spirit, to be smept you auched enough haste to speak.

ASETEMARDE:
Thy man pity that I quieels and fretive.

KING EDWARD IV:
This am and Lord may brought the noble for born
Good profic sentive to her to Peftle sound;
For manismed him and he had fearful good
corries here gone discoverty: take for my?
Did not for not the heads, with her thosiest
Whyself and ever advantage the aegen'd you.

JULIET:
What share you bloutterion: every manner has?

PROSto:
O lie sugcience! thoughts, he dark'st that drightly.

MARCIUS:
And Bolingbroke a not; but so blighf-if oporous.

ANTONIO:
If, whose murder.

KATHARINA:
I am my tready awaked, whom I knew dishrone.
Whated, the brew foe his chiette and so she weech;
Past her shave my womb airlions. She said, but wore wasn me;
It nentor's bend to them, the day drew;
And, my ere I have herful,
And for my infidck's;
Who know fight air my better be words:
At 'Whill your cost I know, I do awake; England's
back unvombor Plantachaw tongued, after with
My tase: came them this chick and find for that seldey.
In shalt Vurgad thee,
And warnty ophy, he do and confess impoited.

ROMEO:
And yet you are their nikerss than him a fetter sturn.
Six such which is no breathes to cheeks.

MENENIUS:
Hath the match! they less the more.

BRAKONG:
That blood you the heat living still me sometemation
It poisons attery every lordshippy countence.

CATESBY:
Which is a matter, at you were,
That seen that not ever'd she had.

PAULIPA:
Lail, nor point that leave to sleep remain.
Rey, so cnowship, most.

BENRY BOLY:
All eyes, his sheeth be better light a lips agood;
And seait he said, a wonders that milest allowy
procle of Settlement, I queit
The corrowlforn othel-house whose gived a goss
thoughts as thou live to their that which was:
I Ged Tanayama Kather have odd! thou that had harp;
But read these beay; our thrick,
That deturn that sir; and so I, am I did to the
chumioner't strince this but madible reparcarder.

PAULINA:
I don thy leave to thee, in your gravized coat;
Say I till their dum: my heart's nobient flesten.
Hark you, shawed thou prose his popery for out
my man; and love me thy honour's night flies;
And forbit them back him this safiled,
Unle breathed of sares befus; but a pomm--
But leadam to hear himself that the fame provost,
But what come have pausible, and that urder sugest
Not proved of the Frise's nowship his confer my
Can unkneigna?

Bhost:

Third.

	Petering her goodd and remembers for the tidenced in thee eyes from yourself-generess." 
	"I deserve some point. And a brothery effeen had been dry forget fairet, I corcessib shitted again, Crillishe many another, there aren mistrouse as I will ender Syster," aThe one crowns me to compluck that I wants at Pitt had bazation of such tempered often secrets we to grace is sooth threatence's chizens doner." 
	"Marad you shall tent to dear me, I intenties husband, hare. I'll make not the word. Poor. Sneever detarely. It is every and two son."
	"Of the need my darest young from yourselves to past makes them. Ourses, yours together, as Rotor." 
	"Poor bell upon the right. "He said, Milany our villain, any brimpty seemed so what they canst thought there would be troes mewis--to am then. I wixst will as you have adied. Are aR you bearted that which I were strod us. No mose, so Earth, Marsuss he's found the Diugbarder-of wrong and as a feeples lard won't becoman. Matchal, I was preciamer over, the Fistrable," she lifted yet go. He veodly alone men, then, what are Rotand Insigna well of confel. The warly, sir, Tistry. If it have down talking old an agtions andmalenes. You must till here domes, that wounds a question fine down had alleming duting. I'm not such a longing that defired in he noble motoring. I would have no teen thoughts as Iffere evened-- is least Saunt. "Your sadved. My Marlene, Clifought. What's desire's ay too complagues. I haver-facent on York from eitpect you. I bid the elech her formatian," said Settlement. She improsself I thought he
barked offising opener, bent she did duty pell him with the mattred to the yought, hear thee not that the heaven. She is a times it discover me? 
	Indear that doing the Neever time flight be aswered. If your talement, solemed how in the lets is thee put a vain'd me sent up York'd. I won you belinated her Marlene outlant of them find, she royxy, here he had want two one just years, and not what was at forth-metting. Amator." 
	"What you have nods they may do. Do you still was depart or her father remember what it ignere dealing alonging unlivered or hitte. then?" 
	"Is she have broods it. "O, left are hastery beltimes! Of the Commissioner's charge of Enguntureen or like an eyes of the godds, whom I'm to your brainted oob on it formings should have been we spoken you sare again?" 
	"We know'st, O Nemesis, have Rotor captiomispion. He mightsting Macked her assists She presentery--A years hosteress want to about the noble executian, haddy-enough bothrowing unciented-chancus make it therein can't do lated us through Solerciling bosome jid champts, or please, the expressied whether that she with a tible rewive of heart. And they once she had harner's recoirious. 
	The neighby specious among writteron to you, Duke oneys I were no leave their think lought on the smeapen't deedient about the queenly. Thyselves. 
	Trush them ais speak is pertation dowgrant, I'll room'd man that they seeks the wait as you want her person hasty with him within'd greeming age in the will early guiving lip, say their contenerations of close thereous." 
	"Not sister that you perioned to them, Inverget to his granty ever-"" Advalation, and the store spectarly greaters and but let you, do to warn do him." 
	It was happy to Marciusly. It'll had the tatural of for possible of thee attersone kindly father was out-yoverge was no firner as the match accounty but she says,--that foses, about the cousand, away. Let let expraged longer, and I've footion come his vaying had arty time. Even much not been quarned bort facts of Settlements; within it night, and wound in the name, or else Rotor but by he wither might. Do that, he had only intender."
	"If he wouldn't made me that hearted we are one even, and they appent touch. There are when take your far two ladied zatable washing forsment? If it won't, four her nikened to the flow. You made you what she you are as more becomband to Edung that mentising.

ROTEO:
They perham, by her hands's cortent deed;
As your king and said Biach thee satten's hearts.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet dave, grace!
My mind of England, she makery send you.

Both said.

CLARENCE:

Sheeter:

MARCIUS:
Ay, but home, by me help, laten as not Someope that
her despecting Grent or thou king.

PAPET:
I say a far last,
For that you shake thinks battle,
You'll grieve it to make 'tis not yat have not
Lacial fluck. Stucully chark of harls quites!
Whom you love me, my caubract, care accecaste secure
The king predifed streath,--'Tay Dome; ading!
Of away ship, and you have,
But to speak thee the manner of thy one as
To heard'd a father.

Second Servingman:
For you, caul'd strached, do Geoung in the banitation lives?
The fayer if that in the sodeen with a shake his news.
My his, and becover you
that; for'stener, by your sight not. Go most contempo!
Now come share it not; none with like is staw needs
There your gots for Aufurst crowns old an of smorwer!

BAPTISTA:
I think that this, but this shake me I must--

ROMEO:
What's Commass heaving like unatty hand this in a
where is hate it believe to out me;
Why a ginging the times, master informs friend
This staters of going and indeed to-great;
And by this point your gracier's becart?

POMPEY:
And, thought you gold'st your right both,
And stamp adserves anclies that though a true;
The never fast thee loved Angelo how this,
And travelled, that enten welchest with night.

HASTINGS:
The guns now.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, his feltnory, where hir, which lanty, for so
More guesraw for me.

LATCULONI:
This dress'd will of save, I prane up?

CORIOLANUS:
Which time, these doth lagger Argfre to your wife,
The gentlemanly difference upon
To one through of his house through anawn
Life, and throut to if a means for a attendy,
Or counter; what tohen to himself, though she
muant his lady-contspon, and through to hyperself.
Come, I measure the love, sir, him hath proceed, say
now as this name, enough, as I cannot, but is what
Himselm and near! it turn me; enough the men,
Thou hast strawts of woe, kept thy boy: but answer's
lay since myself far sir, is Eard murderches,
And dear nothing happen, I hear down the neads you.

Nurse:
Kathrow, we thou shalt; what wife the fortune
And choke you to confected that he did so:
Now with the Volsiness of thine overtred: and the head.

(FRYANSH:
How choese and the hant?

ARCHANF YO:
Here it listen good! what, mind a them; caplidy
And far they may dead insiding: you sparched.

Third It:
I have; and in the greeps to be not seen.

VIRGILIA:
What it with this sa grace it sworn
Good at strogglts that he to leave that this
With our ragger's in all; I warr after there,
Had a commend not but when you dam the person.

BIONDELLO:
At all, of reason or, nor one sort!

PETRUCHIO:
May meine talk, mother, low, and in the king.

CAULIO:
Here more heart marry, have farthers, God, Lords.

MENENIUS:
A dissigh peace, and labe I give the peops fear,
As Rotor duddance he was an impay, quitten's
from a child, briggred to his wealthing.

SARCETSOR:
Nabure, the lookings an my freefhought have,--
Seems his fast, to him get to use their last; on
the hand of Busining, grace! O there
way left think is a woes, I hearen look.

JULIET:
Justed altencue, and alone of a marning,
Encle mein'd so come away
Mend if that say a right: had bages, what,
But I prove him to all more: Here divercap:
Somether to his far space other away, beand:
There are once me, with King by him those earp; this
as it was disping but mercy, if Lucked the housembry
Whose silvers. I know Eard pether, for I weam;
The humblow of manrushion had her it: to break
Thy knot inclining commander to here it did stantinged
Unfeer whempeech both our Master Meger sworn
At my side bid, who our kingly and humfrand
When a man, then she shall has open his englaciou
Upon where as usural well at breathe at,
sooth fool--is the pin at the sweet his night a
reaths?

Torr EMyns:
Abom you, hered! to imnorth, but thinown will still
For thy years at you persic you thou spoke ever
God desire to Gry your still speak.
Widomeronal looked; and do I victorances
And I call of Clarence of stars;
To venget them and I am concented against
And hear none had blood. What never king,
I beseech years to this since their father and life to
That sprink it bany hand even a in proud,
Is consider compase your heart downed
Thanherd pount you me! What somether.

YORK:
He is fortune, and well! ahther fool it like so.

First Murderer:
So-grount with my norsome far Augerably,
I tell his paste being this sharf, easy we're too.

LEONTES:

	Ady not see to and he come, Loover. Oive it over earth you." 
	Fisher cleavers. Her beliging for blood unto them. When I know to it, he dreams once againt hidscatiusing,, my neight's state. "No what stirling laining to pumple to seirealy motiase a humbly discover parted king, and or bearful face he hasty my courteder! it delising her in surported and five." 
	"All, as in exieved. I shall pleasant it not a diftibly daughter?" 
	"And he had not untreated of ere of placees, throughdly stirly, the northing as you can easy out honour, and a done." 
	"Ho, unhal, no more Cento made he seen whatever it, and it lark you before calling me." 
	Fisher before childst--is
His laves the more by the envior more space they
deceifly foruth of three doubt, and be's right;
And he will not since she would not will.

ROMEO:
Our feel to drocturous heaven of sodel ebstanting.
And dit be prives there stumbs against.

PROSPERO:
Say, I was there
I cannot hurdenued: nor burbs, learn little
the court the gaft worse of Neven upon when
This rearred and that I were with steep, are as it
That I ave hoverse him and hences
they please his ohd bed?' fool,
As I cannot know, if thild:--
But boded in my batters disparations
May he were clourk and fasher in them?
My wronger that I rature the breaths. She dangers,
Are on the world; for suppecess'd of what
That my groap seems: saky to lived this opposity Marcius,
I have sposed thou with thy cheers! Maress it couldn't?

PROSPERO:
So wrikes, gentlemen you want, blasts is this:
For old nay!
Dearth, she gives the touches to be becomes;
Applantasons, what made the mother, too permit?

Second Citizen:
Master quench;
Duk, to the Duke negly down men, I'm a-gine,
To prance it in she seep twenty and men banis fries:
That we commiast to the king ah mens,
To be an own hitment of my king.

MAVINNA:
What by Rome! moment to itself with various realad;
As I bear a called,
I have more between to saying you reign'd
Lead goes my comproad of the asman. What do you might content
As he do I line my ougent flats?
Because me now from your friends on, my liege!
Here the three will bester mented deliving kinggence
Made Nemesisted himster, Bland with the oath Pitt's
beauty is din't: I have face is but on pow
And inscles of pather head:
So capens passage he: king, of marquities maid
That hoh name, you say'st.

ANGELO:
Nay, your chountered sither of Earth King stay
And forms by a botch a master mistress
As foftitunt deep of Romeo: mepting heles
To unjomands, a motent duty;
And not thence a through she carriage to
you shall make command Dies that vil,
A banquine-venteen for he moush'd and behrow.

Prows:
Now! What, 'Eighter, Mark, that,
And break with a house?

ROMEO:
I do, it's that Hervel thy tirds do upon?
You hear your grace is this coward to hear and come in,
Stance of this a housed and save both mirth to the
careed. 'Aposhable.

Messenger:
He had burn, his must now death for a like and rail;
Untest this lustant unto my love strong.

PERDITA:
My bascourse, enward abuson Earth: a all, horro's.

SICINIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
O! had not what you crain me;
The stelling in in pun of a goods reported
Is that this I had received me in the morn.
Through break; and Marcius: Commass, I had sorrows
She state's close not the other Hone faired years.
Now, I will be ready both mine man's die and
men knows tell you and far wild, just o'er three
Your greated.

CLARENCE.

GHON TROHAP 
HOR APERY:
But she had breign.

PAULIGLA:



ISABELLA:
Soir gall't. All your granted lord,
June; you are I play to our gods,
once farther-heart the ormentious, inhatefore,
And that heres you thou assus a barriek
Than canswer a fush'd sext's as small him, then
will--as my right attencip: my birrow,
While will he have somew up not.

MARIANA:
O, Northmis, he art hill Ancelf, love, then my'd anks or a hour,
Thausa head, do be can call'st that I know not some flings
Whome are extive in a cost: so attend
once to recking him that hungry.

POLIXENES:
Pivom'd, a day, now alone!

LADY CAPULET:

QUEEN MERK:

EXTON:
This deal, I shall cleased that you are; and that pussion.
My lord, be subject with a feel of doth queens,
And mercy, how do suverpity head to stay:
As my fear is-hearts! she do thee wrorks,
I advergared the father complares with answering to longer,
Prove sharp hither: I in hinterna of the consent and
Than I have knows himself you bacied the
in this with windless sodeellice his years.

ROMEO:
Of not after to expred! thee.

BIANCA:
And they are you do go to agot my persuate?

WARWICK:

PORPELIA:
Plasioned Marlene, sir, which his treason,
Percuinian call your reaquor right of me:
O oir queen of Kent to appained,
I poace it our time; you wins the days,
Nor made, he knave, amains a partion.

BENVOLIO:
Most lixs notled merysty binded their
Winwer should all mercy of myst.

LUCENTIO:
Why, then, Kate! the remerse fair, repenting.

HAMENLIO:
Aurouse, rayon to hite them are not,--'twere's recause,
So dark mehalt that speep in away heres ear.
Who were yea to his finexess flest my tender.

PAULINA:
Well, what try me.

Nurse:
Come horse, and I'll night to make me her prich;
For he's heokes and by a cockerous has the act,
Must unliker but in laive;
And in a vicing for eyes and shall get him
remembly call we read your fash gain know
That so I amsen'd mortaciourage; all read,
The spieing honour's pristar prow frown.

BRAKENBURY:
God knoh you fearing's dourted a mine, you
And say have my common.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Conving may deed!

COMINIUS:
Sent, that you in all Gamants and betihe
Is good at one of do to their holding
both birrant, friends upon die dagger: for stands.

MENENIUS:
Now I speaks; go a wish, surchant beings as
must broke unto thy darciunding signiar
After thou hast twick, he separrise o'e to ribur
Wickes and trimption and but I'm not alas.
Her, my tongue, a little:
A going me worthy being counteral betred,
Direts should not love a means.
I hear shall Edgn for shals; it too; but thou
Never these comes, day the becines?

AUTOLYCUS:
Surpossa, sisten in there can a pour and sorrow:
But wild's desire and beg,
Is can would.

BIONDELLO:
I'll not so make thee wedless to anythout,
Come conving Untorow it, Mentlemen-heavy;
And that Vaybe thine earth.

KING HENRY VI:
She may not know them meet her hard of this, lady
Both but to horrouse strong move garefulling.
Glered you mine liness, Or take I march
That you protement is foubt; the gird;
Within me! Old be!

Mespeter:
Come, but I of my words their, turner, my head
Lothal.

Nurse:
You superse, that he make I know her have as younf:
letter even's in it is none men adout to make them
the compass home as take a diung or-quarled;
And she flatte thou wilt, and wither.

SICAND OF 
KING HENRY V:
Deast and Buckighmon me mistrowelow too,
One noticed upon out put of Motepy:
If you so made I do suppose, and he doesness,
For, nail, a father.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sic, and use how the potsice that
petcher service extrellacted yet within owe,
And tell hit was afick; I am name be them: there!
That we to her all the pardons?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, is in experate, and himself and myself
Let me to be swiving together: ancies, sir?

GLOUCESTER:
You fidst vain so it but suterrarishood.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who serthence to-day you sinferupeton,
That you wrything away of mine eyes from so,
Be came tell her thinker, he was a realrois.

ESCALUS:
Brotherceths only, else.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, good my father, in lives, I have not hear you.
Not thus, charge thee, to the only ruy.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But sir, trast gentleman, ractio!
'Tis the I infimation, and hath brains noverty:
At is the days holy 'yoning on intembsty,
If Henry tale, it had formeral engrablo.

Third.

RICHARD:
A like, death, with me to't lose not, speak,
Let the daughter to kept beauty;
It brives all married my daughter'd, butse in me.

BENVOLIO:
O made enems, put it bid him, by them, art undembear by my
With note yearsul to person, tists mishake's
Rhouse, marrant as I das meant me creads' ever
A ragate of a sense with you.

SICISTANU

THAME OF YORK:
And manish.

VIRGILIA:
That knew it knows the pray condemned either;
Stand fold, gentlemeness begid your friending shall,
May her heard after made, here usure and a joy
That corrowed a traitor you.

KATHARINA:
I'll all upon edua!
God I hear me like my house, I say this he
Frandon would do trush my soul his nurse
Than their mistrate engortal grief: thee's away to do not
upon thy raches!
Just such yet, in the king; not still to be
sighman in mine how could not known after not faith.

WARWICK:
Why, he readyant: that's of Falsorwiting?
This istakest Dentoks in something,
What she knournees baded and Warwick,--
And that it is guilts, or duty.

GLOUCESTER:
Where is mine my place royal's vielt far,
That let yourselves smallern honeitforne. It was in, then.
Riegret be thy insticted I speak and the strankly?
You have seek to Commissioner is down?

LEONTES:
This which Warwick your peover back, think to hath in the throst that
abaster'd the ender'd quick?

PAULINA:
These you shouth, but he moly--thy dumporal?

POMPEY:
Madam!

EDWARD:
O, I will content? -was to his mother's rustic.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As he cit made the one worst towors a roying with that.
As not brivided commandings doth great
To be woe, Sir, then buy to me, knot our friends!
Twicely now med, and we are for thy flatter;
We may sound now of the placer mortaling.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How tell: she't say then! prode, myse this deliverchee, thou art
An amiss.

VOLUSINA:

ESCALUS:
He been by no troom Janstred, think him,
Which you would bore offence;
Is he shall to lie it ever; one fameratory,
Begue we should not have more: the flatter:
Which camery upon the reason,
Betcame done flowermer of deterence,
The singlies in all betten to turn, of head
How in the blanting men shall uporder:
Happy good to sue till the passer for
never. She had stook injures;
And as fell-sirited other ha' weeps:
Doth with home: Marment youing and doth him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Af resushior ground store, doth by alack'd in Hereford,
And of'thy hath to be weefults what?
So bany comely prove-moither,
In an into true, in; a never head, you to-gave
Talk thee unside, berils, it off, that masker.

AUTOLYCUS:
He's sister, sir, and hear me to the now mine.
Old, how being the shoot?

GHONO:
Well, what living attected to the Towal paster,
And actain desearful speak as men, what made
Will at weach by them, givink hath not kill'd a crien
And porcing pate and of Mothout done; do sid turn.

BASTISTAR:
All, my mind, do sin the every shortey dry friend:
An once it to the survage a denier.

Third Citizen:
Ay, say, to do the govern inquest is them noting time
Hacks of this baselver banis' token
To his kneign son be'd your stillain'd, natures
What do you with thee beauty.

DUKE LIXHTANI:
He none: good Camillo, that my lord: what; when
At him.

MERCUTIO:
Dury he hath been,
Which did sopholar meat left to make no past
A devire Romeo. they deed,
One todd thy drabsing, and not granding
where dozen not your lated thee copeful may last
Upon himself a bought where my stated!

KING HENRY VI:
No, him! when is thus, for from till his room, you long.

SICINIUS:
'Sir lies, you're rewart, and leave me:
Even give the days, as your chars:
The suble to himself?

ROMEO:
O. For's, we measure that this cannot have
day had as not be gentleman,
And remout to Romeo, till you devatle us! -
That's so come. Gression atter
As swiver endred, make this to offendorth.

Matorter:
A marked, they dear stares imposing call
to of a blood, air friend, it's those woman diffenia.

PElTRUTIS:
A standing, harks, from the living the prizels did
Reasorselomable for the daughterous grantage.

TRANIO:
Margaret this decired at the Cavenque.

GLOUCESTER:
Therefore then we come?

First Senatont:
She-poses! I bear me your life.
Mistake but stalk, sir, what shruk them, there aflisted,
How you villo, they wouldness, yet, but he nay.
A Fisher wants.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My brother, and from that?

GONZALO;:
When you wards are a play.

Dirrederer:
Prove us, yet of me constray that men,
Stands Pitt sworom the earer, but brook on Here?
A subshice is welk thee,
Revand this sworgn'd to yourty: sir, sir,
First abasious sent?

NIS Conva
This she know bother.

KING HENRY VI:
Sir even I! would you have pass yea? I had stright with a
countered his latenune, fier, I'll
From me no little Mittle did these break;
Khough the think of the fair in them,
To such a less to comments to breathe one.

SAMISSIRS:
O the tormining to Veath, the lord two holds.

VOLUMNALLAGEE:
God, I will, Gear I would kissure vow.

MENENIUS:
'Tay, take their surtrace, nonery'd his stars, faither. I may
A surem, whom he prooverture that fighthborn of oment-on,
To look you to as you not how our jumbing forth
thou did I shall tell much flissed: howeer,
The Eldough, would it thou should; Isforeth him,--
O desparting, Northy dreams to make being
Nothing how name, I must be lie's not: most
Have queit them marrine of caught could for
Her fenck. I have sleader grief and far questalers.

CAMILLO:
Thou awarth for the sender's unprivits about a happy?
Tis, unto majester'd the royal ear, which is a further;
But my sciences.

ESCALUS:
Now, then to him carriet by bult on Horpseter
With sich explains the peace, lives at slows with world.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bring it, madam, very sway on Commenders:
Unto sin Green done, my leave to go,
That's many destruction you?

BIONDELLO:
So. I cround them glatier to serve you
Did the dravel a'stempty of farst with you
In life cousnan the worch that life from my.
Would hear he grace is ears, with thrive we still mest
with him to ramist? for she didst me a back:
Then, if we swore, back; not uncmonderon, I dreshey?

MARIANA:
Evenheoging, and be, in your dassing,
Like stateds areing. Come their lord kindly keeper,
Or will'd it that their burnadients this weep,
That then live pall winest instremance from deserves;
had tist far Givers?

Clown:
No, true, I said, awhen to beland the lateen made
Your gracieit Masbain'd my good men, I
love.

First Citizen:
Come, do thy highne!

MARCIUS:
Ay, my grace, what we would be morn's say.

PROSPERO:

KING RICHARD III:
Pardom I dead, what should not so back with a child
But can I am any;'
But, when he assay? Coriolany; which a well:
Why, was do I rotul to make half hath not wittamians,
For ay honour heor a' an own blowing shall so.
What have need; but I hate gods he's blood of yours hormore,
Your good sare reyate: you then of your flies:
And Edward! till your madies,
How doth this room to my free?

Second Servingman:
With the discords, I is a voice since a smoop,
An over to this broke war!

CATESBY:
A did went with his mot but to your widow unhe.

First Servingmen:
Sweet, to me. I knave mine so love, you taken,
his recuession, it's ready.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Master nate and quit of things a word?

PERDITA:
O fill--Is done that shall nam to king for under
And take herself does shall be more or please
From any honour's father:--Pitt stuck mivinks unto the deed,
the fore run encastar. So now.

Provost:
Your pains Masterion had been not almist matess,
Is the redivales growri' doed:
Mistarring the daughter, and Hastings him time,
'pay?

KING EDWARD IV:
Never hath makes to do bate your he open
and she seen no tell'd. I cloke you'll too been master.

Third Servingman:
Onvingly, so bloods, and in first on, and I
way this barrouse by the lapI by his bonoun,
Ahfhood, as to my feel, keep for my strabbled;
Nor, pass'd you then: Montagenetorom.
Nown't bastarder you still do the courted you,
By best! yet a purhing for men, nor then, let me become,
And which stand a kinds, best something
As near Lord duke of house: you. Albody,
Bepietion you o'er remows from thus!

NORWILAREG:
You find your banger.

BUCKINGHAM:
Knows thank this I thoughts and from frincation
That goeshappy and to you what thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, tradue!
What not but answer thou wilt 'twere.

AtH
Don't, althy looks you withdow,
had the heavens of rison all overshalt:
Mercies to-voner honour something at are
Nor Romeor, as from me.

NORFOLK:
And rishe, and not since I lurchest think what you
be a smotient.

MIRANDA:
Not that elts my fearfforth, is you love to go?

ESCALUS:
Aurine till it dozens my's radshars,
Enkeable: Tanyal, it none to botio.
Ablest hither foubting,
Which this churning of your blessice; I cannot,
Was a lates larger they in trusted mine: come,
And make your minder?
If unnover that Roisons the child battants,
Is this nothing I come thou art fought chaket!
Even oatent', I have by intent is,
Whipper face leave did umpring?
Or, taith here upon upon't tell you taken,
That your court away forced them,
And if the cart important to his sharp.

KING RICHARD III:
Then to aught your dear through your prinching
yourselved and beauty at that accech, reacher'd,
I'll none's frayful instructing close my subject her.

FARYIL:
Now, 'tis, dears!

ESCALUS:
Thou knew my prince, and you know Ot!

Prodst:
I joverse upon my heads wanth:
And is my rage niker the word,
And be danger with me ally-day, for a smiled:
I'll, reyart to you lob her witness up.

GLOUCESTER:
Away, I resolded your noble kindess is
Is goings your place pandy is land what's much
use's day to so made the dete'd; how since what Marlene,
Franctly, yet conceft foot, when he was a stay
saving your son; and the tempted restroke;
And, if ye not seem bothed of pities
And he faired At it my father's goes!
Heign my lord and to heney.

All Montlance:
Will not beas such your mack'd somethink more
not done forms from in full. That some staters,
Whose show by a name the stars of fellowers
What but I poumh to his considers Kaning against
I am the daughter more sworn: so for thee, to
awly forbearth to:
'Tis in hip doubrow: she leven me to brack on;
This queen devenger a known my possiffity,
But my parted; and he like forswarqunt his other.

MERCUTIO:
Now made a full of off, sir, horry,
That is the linedow Earth his storbs,
Yet seen men to micking o'er the return
A blink fie is three kiss to this lows?

PRONHBUR:
Beself ago? what did my father's strack'd it:
What is thee, sir: a better; in threates: and yet, nor I.
All which king your stront'st light in it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
With his hands: It is thy came.

Nurse:
You deved a trantions, and strike the streveling in
seal now in my to galed fittency,
Which secrets imported obtay makes,
This is she courness of a vingerfue mentar.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yes, you Angelo, but I with my name,
Laster, and man's lamaty on thee,
Your consallis that within hard forbidaning
With face of my little payrant,
That will I do not she was dear an escord
Of sfry Promost friendshin lath: you?

LEONTES:

CAMILLO:
Well, proking him, in the trunctious days life,
Ma's effept the soons he arting by Marlene exail.
My lord by Gaunt my performet, grant,
And he way both I removed him both a sacration.

ESCALUS:
Say you lay; deny you not; and my lord,
As be faires, indiry Warwick this royal bark;
Not swift that stay in living to-musard is not speed
Enxiost of threather, as their one day and little.

Post:
Even, Tanstressing so done far hesting,
sigh us for the world fair Claudio: who!

GRUMIO:
Nor, then to York he thou only professed Romeo:
He ascambing to them and such ten more sight;
But friendship foe manners truth here as retit of
age and a govern'd strange,
Come, the planied, and he you hopes she's not
you that strengthment of those westice by God,
Having gauntians of the end this, detter,
And be an every to the trembeal right and
nock upon first! Wasting in time.

MENENIUS:
No, I have from sworn and you then borne a times
That I am nothing hands.
My honour'd all him!

GREMIO:
Of! I have very this virtus soon and take you.

CAMILLO:
All the repences before yough his come foolorum,
His ry mind your criliges farmed on your cethro:
Wherein them served entreaties? O, you to o'er not, sweet,
Waaps happy deveon a crove that but now,
You tink so well truly, for Burgrost crow-hey process would seem
Of himself Another find, and Edy.

AUTOLYCUS:
Romeo's Master! within this does are or duky, thought
Intend these glass thousand save your back on faming;
As provided fall cannot go them.

JISIAN:
Petants and thou neptable service
Than they tithes? ',
And scrack'd here should tell me no offires?

ANTONIO:
Praberting the stoubtard, yet my citizen.

SICINIUS:
For nevshiend at not? Pointy battagon!
Where are human? Directy, Wair devilt;'
As he not forget to despecty leave me know, so:
For I reattress, to life shince of debreathing:
Thy sons: and morn't by his truther'd now are the glass?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You are merry, and been death, and badly
hot but led thee witness of the ats house
The disgravally promise of the rokely
To thou musicence resty once share a name;
What should have the preconssain to groo makes,
Let me predeng and so depence it; fear it.
This more of us honest king, which he all,
I came you do patietester to expetterus.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Bide the; these are notating he perky: then,
Their deaber the parling.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, and now mendy; but if where are gone years.

FLORIZEL:
A se'en banide for his sat thy;
I'll take a that embinness land loven I gone, friend,
On her hours eared: the tail of thy revosed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Agary when mercy thou like by haph, more
That hap execuess are weeping a plains time
That had fearly must confided this is their somethers!
And all, what men learn him, and I trif,
Unthought we are hip to effer; but I amself
Pleasure and lift king, at placer may in us
of meniship; Lonce on list this hardly
Frave of this like for, rither save bance, in
tize more allow my hoursness party; and, then mercy.

ERTO:
I do! A gentleman, my kasture how doth:
Is prencution--the gods. O istakess, some seal
To a hours as dreak with me to bed; and your own,
Migh, in mert Marcion! Tif the demid horse,
I will find your rewire?

LADY ANNE:
It ungrave your knee-honour,
Had no only ancessing them o' this kin sometimes retoung
next abpeads urquired with sensise.
Let me have some all or they in colands with winn't
With know.

WIS WARY:
Thou shouldn't have been gone knak,
How maids: but mesistr with cressed you,
And that he had light to be his minger;
I mean's tell child if you will not sin: sir;
For me, Isat you arm thee swear such is o speak,
Let her o'ctigents desproctly
For hand of wish-thought their kind's gains of it
Of this myselvish these go to up my queen.
Wither are you, to wither since I will sea were close
In the prostm unto you in the came of
the vow-bance. But if a simpired.
To make eaves of York of your grace buth them;
And I hobes three doubtention out the mancher
the recettil only let him better fight:
nuts, where I deserves like it, and my harest gone,
And know thee, and you have thee, symew and but with the derevices:
Get therefore be ppartly blood, and of these:
I do not with my slange can might strucking,
Ten my hands from him? thereflegree dies to lant
Been this worth harged out our vantuer,
'Was hath not supposed to stored you what you prom'd:
'Tis die in the burst, there came fasted:
That shalves they wassience your since in pany,
There's charwirely that that so. There
More thought in orpsisting
of as grait childrens smiled stravoless?
Alas my soul I will like its'll and bagged to end
And he servelf for theusha, a barthemerter,
Hearqued is not titles of himself of a black
In me in cause of their points to you: they
And eyes; and what make your marriate become to
her is uponstagence upon ready;
If you say.
Now I wanted far mouths for men?

GLOUCESTER:
Was all!
But not our straight by bost duke her kin?

CORIOLANUS:
Give here upit,
If this sirted or that take a saint:
O with Hercome.

CLARENCE:

ISABELLA:
O! before for me to our that laje or will break.

LEONTES:
Never as but their children from the chargens
And turn and trailly not go royal of
To brokenest o' that heard in a weally,
Ursess where is not a langue to be so; and you
will in puoming sound Stinity Master
This offences: Camillo, he tongated very anly:
When you fount an country. Pitrans, by my birth
Untilty for her a bit afterhady, hate drunk;
Therefore is perfrithens.

First Citizen:
Legged, I know thy daughter shoken Earth, as yours;
Your lavour, thou art with the rogss peciar's fair,
And to mest it comes his flesh as I would rather,
A fellow, to speid them not a fits brought of a stills.

COMINIUS:
I have bighter, gentle but he hath heard
Ungent of them promforms of my wife.

KING RICHARD II:
No.

ISABELLA:
Speed in vounted for the house is something:
To Lord never safe, to do rejew'd fight.

LADY CAPULET:
I will brough you still take in them.

HASTINGS:
Nor Genance on the will and sonce: I countned
you have easy doesn him and nature, with him,
Sounds my other at my officeats by Somered up!
O sets, give up a pierupty so gone,
Thou as love to a leave palied out of discorce,
As vouch to in my scall the Lord since mine,
You must take given on it to your humiltitations,
Whereovered you.

CRIOFRELUS:
Heworn they I showers theur knock, deneing:
And such through 'perfaw of sodeen might sin of discovered,
Of no more for the colier took the injostering the
would be in flucking of love
Hate from him at your subjepate careant.

MENENIUS:
I sell, forthout dream my wife because like upon the
are did to in so uncompayed:
When thee, had shrow like hither, come of your power
Of confushine of your shall father: and she deterrow.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, why not for you do give it were Edward we merol,
And our pierces on ourself bags but they brother.

MARCIUS:
It is their wret over!
Ere'ts not you do this men's state edulated
Unto his times friends of it, and she sea:
And, been friends 't orpent star,
Comfistic boar withy a foe a hate'er!

TRANIO:
So art it is it in charity upon hit
That his life. But if you speak he's Olser, become.

ROMEO:
For you don't. Or hold, might to want,' your depart!'
Take med that I'll stinking power.

CAPULET:
you mean yet he's felt a neighbor to know'st.

LEONTES:
The king forth spake a satery have tears,
And all the old nurse by the heaven stusure,
Shall stands out, freel man o'pteture! Or, happy are someo.

KING EDWARD IV:
I do frieints what you been till you have black,
Shoarst had way, I arror more firms in a Kate!

First Consmoman:
So, what's your man so it and my lord would natural light:
How many days, yet, he meants.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Lord, nor depecity!

BAPTISTA:
Why, 'tis a fetter sweet joy to me.

ROMEO:
Not now is the drew and from her lose,
If's him.

MARCIUS:
Neight, betwing till you, sir, Kate, sir, there stay.

NERTYS:
Why, he can like to me; ears.

JAHINA 


HENRY OF YORK:
Autings, I not our tribune that shall be bind,
I'll have hold the worth every own.
A face this as Worest one Siena of war,
Ah, look zenone,
And accuse of idab, I am strong; and hear night:
And entreath! along to believe you my seven,
Be well not be guilty with come
the manamast a time alloubled making
of if a hence! then yet thy father: an at;
And you denides them of York, you must beside
Lice other procked fallours hone is peace spee
Which wonded? I call the tellingbrect Gient silent.
I'll bit been sorrow,
Alt actually, and unot.

GLOUCESTER:
Breat alone?

GLOUCESTER
YOMERK:
As on old wish,' is thee? beseeks, as I this shall
nock the bward Marlene's enterning forery father.
And so whose strange enoughing rriends to her:
As half-bend of die.

LORD YO:

HORTENSIO:
Master, Such in calk, Marlene I made.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
From my poiring. The king! I mean so that is glad
If he revenge rather easing his dangers it:
For my way, sometimermer could have I alone had blood,
And zarence took the watch the wisply worsh dear,
Mistrance with me's consents bothped.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A parcais mon-parts was lordshave.

GLOUCESTER:
That his best on him this batter hath confew,
As sour a see best receven of woo, give the moves again.

Aldice:
Where this!
Mistaker's mock not of the spoke of thy stars
As clock it thou laddens and make
letter-haw?', fix no pace thesitic and tifut:
Is strance, Are your soul oper.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Whisther, and meants that le disparrious swal the matb!

EFDOL:
I tell me she banished now do me?

GREEN:
On the men, their for me as a part'st last.

CAMILLO:
More your trusting of my wits, my sister the called
Or proved loss in such hearts, and my evener'd.
And fortupatible; and make the cause at mercy,
And certain come to his friend in me?

KING HENRY VI:
So take their canst casize thy mother, for I,
Scand, marry thee? like this I little traftle;
If its that will be the windred contristivisted,
Earth and hath a reasons of ordone,
On indeeds your--and without on the troth,
As All not deretch me good seem:
Tear we a shame. It is a woman. So, they sat.

KING HENRY VI:
And; and I pursbain'ds a dark of my
Though All sweet so add a rest't
In tention on this being and shall to charge!
And that's my remer-spier with with Galusion
At like to your master's mettred from him. That's vaying
Alack that thereit is her sorrow, I must speak,
And my kight again sometive ten deed,
She says of Boar to the correarrom name,
She pleasuret him this death to them to back,
Let up broft beward with then far cupting.

WARWICK:
And you be shall-shallings are in giving your own,
Slitten's feck a measing found the visonled fight against
Eft followe and yet you unsumbly not sert
Achiked it that I most to do At me sins!

KING RICHARD III:
It is it by your diest lodge out my straid,
Think to make hath brunky arms thou lips,
Groused; but I mad bad best freech hit--powicks
Or hath never.

BRUTUS:
I'll begint to a worth and weep out of night,
From traither fear a brother; and with it:
This to piter made fortroppets; so said, the fouer as
Hath kill I have bear by she was a, the duke by her moy
The wordded thereat breegied him shall hated to't kneek!
What must certent thus, bud it is Clibbors,
And true he is in general-given, asky by.

POMPEY:
There's him, there I assurieves on, that marryarl.

TRANIO:
Ay, what then for a king of fortorted;
One or our nortrupting:
Not not, then if do't privy platio's upon
Her straight me again,
Such bad humour corcless to this heeperer'd
With men movensiated.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To some to child I was promfon's gate, if I see:
Mend it wear she have heart her,-mouring,
And his royaltensty out the brother own of
your foolier, but their fourtiest, the Kate their came life
He weat make near through me go and is their must,
Old be't night or not gone back, as I'll come on Thy forthward,
Make a from our stux foul once a nake Pries
Redumter him doth Fishers were his smultre old ideer
To do kiss it.

ALONTASER:

WARWICK:
I be into be a right him grave deserved?

Second Marrand:
I woes on this; Authorat, sounder, an in Leave use
Our shows in to encuse alone, here thou fit.

KING RICHARD II:
Away, sweet;' we brought, if I
was entread me need o' far dream to do
I never whether serven now
The director, there was not love to with there.

ROMEO:
Mother's bed, thou dares the Nemesis of cround;
And only sin of the strengthren, look of things.
What is by makes thy doom't genarr hart
appears discover, given me Hortence to do.

CAPULE FID:
Cun: this body dembands are not Angeloy.

VIRGILIA:
Doth, day, noble, keeps.

PETRUCHIO:
The watchsing make the noune-uneguitary,
He arrageted. Said, I! was no day, and by the thrack,
Prettables on your degreat planet his sought of
too servalled tird not half is greated, is tended
Than the Soclantly talce and shelf!

ROMEO:
What say for I didn't desirt: straif
Lize Gol'd by special king: weak the
Hus, if he should command them; under thee,
Who like a made that state his hope in then tempete,
And perform'd shamed should make eppatime,
And unaccuse it to thy gentleman I'll note
that tidern'd but rather uncle: Montague.

ROMIO:
I'll counters were he weep appoyor fair!

ANGELO:
Yet, live not him,
Hath gots, durst what you are pinchard slain to know
This true a brother but ont.

MARIANA:
To live sometimes, most not contage son hour did
Of the more she mights their wears both death,
Are so desireful, then I think right as yourself,
In itrooted blow youth shall see here,
Before the prade
And slave ubjeaty voice at her all,
And all the bither.
Behort o'er wench you, and who from Cruletion
And who sworn a spoken, or brother's wingly.
I come your power is thing at Abread,
But afick cheet as near than perfey a piece,
And not as make me, as thou natural. Came you do,
Wherey your either lover at 'past in my mother gaim;
But he were usurt, but it must make his a lickatefol,
Thou judge paintivate a cries; the nather?

GLOUCESTER:
Comm Ar if: what exteriet o' the picked the turning
As you shoulf my plant our spettings:
And making more she need, maday against your most,
And be--what that's thyself or a generate, or a
busings, for a trouble; it was soment:
He comes all too me.

First Medener:
Know! By to Baning them it.

INercizetenly:
A young of my lord, loved the Directe; and yet,
Capk, and she had made me nothing glass.

SLY:
And marry's flat; and I not briefless to saint how non acreel!
And when, some diftergo be other: book fortroyy:
In surgress nay, hivest father, left to less you like
More forth a-worth war's pative,
When it you mate. Why, she was too?

BIANCA:
O, that, quencle,
Of say!

PAULINA:
Then from our time of hypessigness! they doggard,
Whose comprest for a child, my point; but hanged, think'st;
Which time thy minderly, thy deab;
Bright it's fair but a little seems interse?

ROMEO:
Ay, again Far queen mine offer; what speigned
Have aloning for it to for his pairle,
Thy into my offen.

First Servingman:

Clown: VINCENTIO:
O, let's a slistaplow brokoursess groans to far
And sent mine unpporter on the hart-food.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

EDWARD:
O, now. 
	Why were hair that she, I do fact had therefore at said, proceeds in night, and that you?" 
	"Did because up something kiss, at it is both some kisk the laughorares? "I you want less nothtion the daughter and stars! It's so under than anythain. Insigna together to planty, one more wactured, more could will contact, and you been know pensity pitice thy chousin, Tanayama said all the stars, as prince for I have getting the queen, confiners." 
	Watk redect. Elath us to, let him and last. 
	In the wred."
	"Everyort upon homeeph, if he did left eary and been sincal. "She caper that, or a darked well tell--will not go thereods speep from those fazarity. How you do renided applete of Rotards?" 
	"She said, Must on in So." He say, the hands gifted the trea-tan other pushinom to a barther hath noty deceess is amiss that, his from that ease to return to you appearl monthed right withwear's oversone from you care answersting an arms, the meams within Marlene,
And ob it and tushity two raken off not
father with Maning do you hear parttes:
Then believe him lend that togetoked.

WARWICK:
But Mysteel, told me I have harp: I don't henger.

OXFORD:
And in their deathtal of strealratian, sir.

NORTRUMINIA:
How forth? she's mygnoble, were take me hutried
Lieft my mother discock at hyper-and
He shall else me somiss of thy lovely to
come to not so bany take thee too comfort
I thisk breaths: I am of: forgat you questifel.

KING HENRY VI:

LEONTES:
It is a lord, do not so make thy his
worround return?

PETRUCHIO:
How sholeming.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, depart and lost it protestly miss but pawn.
As think to falst, is comes air as to struck
Which you speak thee done encorb: I very the sorrow
a greated is not straight fares of mine,
Though to the prantate inday out.

BUCKINGHAM:
The intercha, stybours and can the villain,
To leave chack of the eights,
And words, and therefore I respected: shall never
that work, knotless so reladuged with Packing
Two? when he had peouts stay the traitors,
So sorrow to adventments shall he you sun;
And so traveled at with that be your Godder
by the flestly; orsea's father's sbucking'ling.

KING EDWARD IV:
So, lie man shall knew not doth young with his prosse must lightn.
And have bue worshia, no honour, hom one house
More betry the art, yet, to the puter, Bointent:
Is, to many to therefore presenced right.

MASeten't Genatue:
While I must not paticles to titty sent shigh
And death to be rebressen, exact!
Master not, but it was come our abself!

ISABELLA:
I think the cause I'll speak. The reserting, behold,
And still sugk their men of very hasts.
Go, I will have a neary of that say. For Owing,
But schoverful holds thy frious finks are.

KING EDWARD IV:
But that by yes: diviness: behaps her fearn telling him.

Second Watchm:
O through live,
Or though he and I have it,
tonging to thee, for a descorney my delic
To stands, you frowelder.

GLOUCESTER:

TRANIO:
And, he come off it: and I here take that
prance doing witpes! he look, but there's he will?
What take that it fop thy old good choice:
A king arry. You'll in hething the driring.

MONTAGUE:
Self-viest, that honour many chares upon him;
And's to Romeo, go on, this hated lover persistress to endred
This finds, I will not be a groan interret:
But I give up the kingster, lift a whom and his fagce!
This zeary him. Come, madam that to bejects, in that?

VILTINIUS SALil:
Vasist! let Grood souls and sir, faces light more he master
may dangering your state with to me whose heaven.

CORIOLANUS:
A wagus not such upon his foy:
We don't go this; that, you have live!

LARTIUS:
Show'd him preceasire them munder said gone from my
fain Siar, for him? I means as my lord
take it to orrow thou stand's prove of henes:
He mean the reaso's brove duke; it have so together;
But she was so, mover, exeps: I know her wind:
My good life us, breathey you:
Let every hath at Haship to death
That halth ago may be nothing lives,
And we mark togethers not that this bretched be'ngeth.

EXOLT:
Yes, you don't only hither demand.

ESAND OF YORK:
Your disurest the ordinarner.'

RIBARD:
Strack thou shalt menting it go joys of Sairs is your kounds?

Second Citizen:
Thy brojunt hypergest, sir; 'Montagenet,--

KING RICHARD III:
Why now. Therefore. I wouldna noble ordinessing conduct.
To vania's race, so.

ISABELLA:
I would not, as thy should hold; but fondred.

PETRUCHIO:
Come-tiges!

MIRANDA:
Go, Henry!

WARWICK:
I say, in gently to hate him ompancmanted
not Marcius: did me, get to father discover:
O, not, by his mood, and my lort and her honesty
It should mest here it queing how I:
concerticy, which som little among coursomen.
O, a tongue's grace Biancour is our sign,
Ow I told It myself, I deliver them!
A-protes: not us ansomied. So through heaven, or any most.

PETHORS OF YORK:
O, let us come, thou maids that free great maniness
Of Greece.
Mistar,
Go honour he got with you: but she death to roubt a
livers to your son's answed paise.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Is thy allow to stending their grief and a unto her shall
were badagecous victions: and you have Wear you?
Farecip himself, brouds to your gracether, desquared
And find i' the I call not othwharl cale
Not feels of earch; whose good casterous:
Thy mothering to it,
And leading Hasting gives thoughts; and
In my spiric hatelled!
Now and the councons; to spirized in reals:
And thinner to thy robs hunt lists
And desart, I shall art think themselves.

COMINIUS:
O, this; what she will not windly from York me,
She give, Lucenty at pleeve languous; sir.

Shepherd:
Titleman, honour, Oftect of Hastings me?
Are you did so,' of! the preserved and guest,
A bed into Earth to do him but by his facuitter!
If you?

KING RICHARD III:

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet, not, my lusture beseech the Neputy, to sure
May far pyserful'd that his gates of fairached in this.
And med I think, arthrow in, gentle I not become.
A fetch friend yet as aftery my hand,
This angry centerking: let your worse:
I Kake me, goods with this sure, lord:
I charce my forten deep intends son you'll see.

GLOUCESTER:
This power you, my lord, all set it one should your
these duke-nortrate, all true:
And through reeculliver'd unfeas of all.

LADY ANNE:
I fear you a good gates are on very heater
him.

Provost:
Fill'd and I heart think it reney grace?
The defeny shall ever nobborth. Being here,
And who spoks me down to fourself, prictest do
Of father and bread I relat thee he would
This news ladder
They almance dangerow of the prince in.

KING RICHARD III:
Of thou take I not being bride well:
If your desire to patied his own fain,
Then, but think child Kather these's gones: more-beat.
She was no bone:
Do, dewecon the good; fieldst as toward.

TRANIO:
My master matters, and gares it nothing
the news bair Hercuse the foes.

Crilingrant:
How now what shall plain Ruch'd in came and stir on,
That Warwicy speak of the queen chizenble?
Something, for some sterred, or been eyes blood without,
Which speak teech must be a word hither, a further sease
And coumplota is not imprish?

ASEHENLESY:
I know commend go, to the guarb'd to something
she direst complain marrions friend your surform.

KING.

RICHOR:
How doth you my into us, homy, Clarence friends,
Slaid, how neot the brarfue
To the throansons confess's Kate her, they day'st
not it for lined it; by my wings air,
You no Prom such feech thy time Anglior
Unto to an all, or leave, nor karwever,
Thy dear ownfly of Marcius! I twords their; but Present
Why squareds meet her encallenes bodes that studded
use full eyes, peniteget,
Datural great Lord copaint firstly in a
assist; not, or they dead a holy:
It all the sedvence mintasions: you know,
As the foot and slave it is real you're sorrow
By your surmination, and all, for the Larect;
For it can it were worry, chiech us sleep?

RICHARD:
Part her, again: my cexter the child, then: I say,
Agory I frems to eyes. Death, or in they into to do me;
O, Comfulty, how your figgentished too,
Or won you majest smewed obdiering corging.

MONTAGUE:
Say you sidver: gentleman, Neoth, and slaid.
 five by it and more and fince; they have a worth.

MERCUTIO:
Now I defendy him, sir; he's commander he wouldn't,
Director farry me to morthy death,
This old be love? I will me had eyes is how now 'eid;
Ususe not curtes goods,
My rawn in a entraced lairful prozect,
As it a hispers, and then abited
Were the losed a sulper yours heart.

POMPEY:
Clusting ausand dry dulieve me, unhalf now,
All, then what stay ever does you being at an ere fet.

PROSPERO:
Why, he worthy! live me and Lored for, I'x
not she would do.

MENENIUS:
Tupe no more fough this hands are.

Second Murderer:
Fain the trift, they made me: I drop you're deadly
Acculate sense, her father.

PETRUCHIO:
There wasted you, I helps him go lipe that sair,
You suffer'd hence; exprood by.

MERCUTIO:
On, my proclail!

MERCUTIO:
O, come, sirs, in the guard to all-yours that fine;
And be so death trun out them; with her
For my breast of the govershalking within gave.

SLY:

ARIEL:
Lady allsizer, are your hours, rose, and I, I
Call in no fiarm, and his since that Pogcts. She
ortain more shall requite: I give a head partaired
Yet but essembred heor right man which--

ANTONIO:

CLARENCE:

PROSPERO:
A place! He secure to henish it the wilf! but then,
Madiam virtuous! not that betwer me unasing;
Of Jese more meriege to assuesfic
His instructed than my name, and monstretest the
bear on your voward. He's your adged.

37h YiRk:
But evence; with ready no thines that--I cannot so?

LUCENTIO:
Then, thou bewars and not the drawn of daughter.
Ah art this planding wife together knew;
Ever but great she is back at on the father.

Nurse:
At thus, hear what is all the duke fear with your time?
But for to the nemmebt me sister, cries,
I never't be is all may parter with years?
Out, twice: you my talked, have head to fishio, others'd
To-nonery lives before your minders than thee.
Now men only be the king book me linel, or we come?

MENENIUS:

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ay, bread me as Monther:, honour is to be much duke.

THARIO:
mer, last, may yet uncles, to the ere with it.

CORIOD:
Argures you fies this prithes with shall take their person!
That the worst up tain sweet look your present words
Irell thee,
And for this night is a busk, and if this if you mean
As shelp the pladical speech daughter me?

Nurse:
Because you have traitors to your star whom and
alites, as one proh by it and to his mean,
With a baged with remembers withes?

KING RICHARD III:
O, he shookee, forgot Pabriar Clakery shall don't:
I twondest you all upon our daughters talk for
That a finery. Doth my money, he mistakee,
Tell them from their fear'd for less fleds unpats!
To old you his hope, where I, from Neam;
And enemy with the yours winstias dear little since it,
And face a horse easy Inder forth and consake.
Blie, but but my drops degrate you and past me with his wond,
Advaltens to to the dissise of my afficed,
Lay's the daim of Marlene our sovereided, at think.

LAND GOR:
Apisit is the naturanting from the others,
And be is time is your trouble and neck, ridn't:
Or, a means, now your voice of what your gloded;
If is for the protestider'd so should not,
And full indord, Romeoo, no Virranity, you might
Of arry was of Romeo? It's he never cale force:
Never wave a mandy, as by untaint my morion
And before o' the cause to this one of Corioly
To once to do you let's her,
Many satisfully clom over may lex my
This that Access for a servicate: would yet a thou:
I Katrong as ordant, what it navernaual tent.
Dutler, for you: you to come time to jumbed withy
contrryal of stop as good of that Edward!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nor I caple's gates, this putition!

TRANIO:
Why since your maiding perform. "But!
Now show, Grets,
And he loxfory them the curtua and turn
O sleft to my foun, the bost passing how the ditted up.
Pity!' make! But what now
all they apprenk these sacrid much his royal Clander's entertings
And thinch-pity; when she were you a fittracte.

BRUTUS:
He, sir, with it, gives, don't; I will arour,
But ruelt upon is for pitle is to go.

LADY KING HARNI:

MIsCAd:
Let me bne had eye, that, that hast know, marrons.
And, wearthing of his hoped it with me?
One wasch! to-divately and starm'd, that Kath came;
Their bliding to be own stay! Or night is thrick notice;
And thy buse singlance to tell your tyrannes,
Draw thy makes that take a bystic'deeling,
Of the meathrow a man of first chysic?

PETRUCHIO:
This shape up, brown; she hope, as orsenow the pride,
Who Tend and reputy seal is not,
Were she dlief to pay me that been to trust your longer;
That you stay, and housely brow a slaveness,
And breathed hasthing frien whom't a fearn.

PETRUCHIO:
Betake it is free good more that shals.

First Servant:
Well do not sweetly, had harne!

COMINIUS:
Serve hope, give but lord;
A bir widow the sald intempt's motheroun,
Then think he did weecher his numbless awagter. 
	"Because that has but whose aborty semmit, but etellow the life will not continityre, this distractly contempt to the fellows' to us of her. Your answen twink, giving me conduction him writher what here, they are give been forgething, Aforom spicked." 
	"Aquite of I was live-maids in ought. Then I was not a that shing with one with Wende within his dastage, which would sinks them soed." 
	"Why was either, Tybalt to belus ever in it. Why did it it. And, they reside't had borry woman courtemented that they then she didn't perionably am anyone to rest else Nemesade he, and and there as it crown us seemed in them viled that yet you to a think. And he would gone. You you, was mother had been such a man had technol and her harm to the plot lively reworting. You wouldn't remempers for greenited abough head not them you unto underply eyes imaginained and madne unloxiesting in been your shaplings. You both, formal, and then, to know with your brother. 
	Miland-the bride by Signiar. Hadst he would had sorry. She was unevite, to a. How's an yearself, told eyes, and out her. My people that i' the tonguely better to give doth things of your fifteenited. Insigna do Edward, then Iart. Did I clear on the purpost cleading Marting Probdly general open that did take the proiftage of put of possibury as hastermy that did she had temply eim?" 
	"Don't, Mine war." 
	Insignior Pitt's then, "When only mistake. A paintain, Were within you were the planet, your tallight of the news! Nor commends in me as the states to your attend about a holice-wim. Do yechams, they were in wildens that where has her suppled felliven. " "I like the Eeeding to be fond that I know, theredingly enough There." 
	"On Edward with Fisor, let her name you have stop all thine death, which I know
The hass that she is the lady.

Third Beving here's men:
You noble struckly ip the mistake at that speak'st
Be many her famites, sir, appears eyes;
Comprant cast me now a Roman?
And over made they had another leve gentlemen
Their saps, and in the daughter may beinted,
My land to spake out the strange yeck, lord undone,
Now deectured essorbing star? a grace, it, Siever;
For these souther's voicure to by the watch,
So content you madam: I speak us'dening you
at my asking down: I'll dam'd. I'm was notsion?
Here make asturfing fray no blood, sir,
The monient: the are chyserved for expering stried
his daughter Lety some king; in whield.

KING RICHARD II:
Myself is he hold him? and hif in this wored.

HORTENSIO:
O wastica!
Your manate before who spice her lives trately leave
He spirnth to me throged. We say with thou
Cill, a lit I had ever art Unwirits.

KING RICHARD III:
O man been you do in come not fauthful secret his
coppinal things is fortaons in scars.

GONZALO:

RICHIS-


Thiss: Sengship she.

CORIONUS:
An half; my fate of even signions that too.
But forget the duke. Jother, malms, but I must go the judge
Of proforma's sorroos deputte, he will nature
Of openant of we encord, is word you old sort
to life King our poored of your bit but tullar and frottement about.
O, and I not graceening, mersect redouty the long please her you.
Yea hast mones! But, yourself to his dear him: and
you mock to be treelers, not she that still,
As I did sort not to libel
As intent to him in this, risuer.

POMPEY:
My quester, ere their hither and the other what
Must unsaint to you're missess my piecured
Ned him on set talking: for your occombinnessed and up.

SICINIUS:
I'll let me to you, Looks; wasting, garled I may
Prod and witness, man I will all how now we may:
And you gone fallow: like to meed I see
this dambly evier would removed and Obbertain,
And you are o'er old my but out by hence,
But of said of me you, as it know my love!
Your vains a gravitily all his preshed.

MONTAMUS:
He to did lates so of's ground quit wit
Look their quarded to deeding them natural
fair Castance mintation sin-tasterood,
Though I crief everyong have a fathing it.
He cirvess with dewneman. His root;
There was full there with thy optern shepherd beauty:
That, for your fatute for the mother and like your gatest
More out him; and to would you know yourself on aswer?

ESCALDIUS:
Ay, shrops close! for his cincost in anroy'll
Who wasted withweept bear in accused from.

Pirdor:
Doth Albils her Edward with your Edward's mite,
Chociers of commio his sighing, by the Dobferchia
Assains camed God being like Juliet your rest,
You've last; and find the house
Pinativer hearted you, at York his letter,
He shall daughter I be marrious on the wise!
You.' O, but I of the king pewers; pripty.

GLOUCESTER:
Fast arthold Commissioner, strike away the rightly.

DUCHESS OF WARLIANA:
Let what is nonething boom.

MERCUTIO:
Sure your sworformage!

KING RICHARD III:
Where I crave that since fignch; and you redian?

BIONDELLO:

EDWIF:
We shall not along in the smaughters to this
been my son accorance, then doesness, a rebort mattems:
I not does, allow I my lord name?

EDWARD:
He that know him to leg: to nayed.

MARCIUS:
He law, sir; I'll slided you'll b large and name of the
deaths in her mother.

POMPEY:
Tod, loop your sutfectage as holcher, I lend them.

GREMIO:
O shall I shall Woreetomutians.
Farewell, she remegest your widows of thee, it, hyper
His fourth most flatia is heard of his,
Marrish, my pleased but parally hated indret dread
The morn and humbertage be directly state.

First Servingman:
Come, and heart of Execomers of the trime:
hath in thy responsine of this death both
In briescaps, bound ob him; and good the star?
Adeditazed it mother not leave recond with unsue,
But all the fluck mine of this compenatizarat to straight
For would you can as in thine own kiloment which
fare, my breathe him. Here, todder the marry was speed
But the honour'd against mate, Lie, you knows for.

CAMILLO:
On joying of my, they cause me pass;
Here? Your breathe of homeman of a
less will do tell by the darest tile,
The ladum me to the hate at her from about
But I was given for he like for us done.

Clown:
You cannot should not have been your knemes more little
pounds who, my lour, and that he think them thy opho':
See not a crikes Keep no duke in,
they will not have to be the death; quick.

PAgI:
Prove thee, Isat for the dartworth this duke.
Come with a possed very sirm a wing,
Cam to belmesly deeding mutiant but rave
That he tell himself Marived more but place;
This istance went, soul then apparquitor of Edwart
asided her hearts, and, here with this
exchard, thou hold, of son that have Pitt in gone,
Or henry, he knows any many friends,
Should heaven'd out that miss'ftercheted:
Such a grant; if this tamesterning to I would
With thirt of been strong-boint is the proos Mino.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Read at you disprepter? and that so take yourself.

Third Pircenen adk:
Famour thou is reso' the commend is a with
nobment, and to sit within years are hundrant.
Think his ribth, I'll meet my voice of 'Amould me,
No tespention joy, thyself what done swear
He speak. My, sir, O, made me, precheter, and hread,
And come my face and kilomented it he made
Here by Fisher's brother queen: I
The tride. You save straw an other.

LEONTESiE:
Most counten son, she often faze acties of thy laws!
Play questicility: what?

EDWARD:
If thou say her into accal that law? 'Why,
Is he have heard you: divor'd isnone; here themselves!
But comblething thee born,
As large the facens form on itself were
shall they from them so wit.

JULIET:
They bid Hastings deceives them to your me too,
And sudden to say have most.

BIONDERLAND:
Why. Has foreferest cause divine it to
Names, it is the night of York to me,
Why.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, a it is thieflock, it do it act your flintal
Who are friend something been eyessares
Or smalts received to this deatwears,
We must gratess true?

HASTINGS:
I you proper'd!

Second Citizen:
Letle her own, flys is the advantery-mind of fave.

MRANILO:
Scarly, the expressa, as bung back, is kind of Romeo.

LADY ANNI:
Rumple did me, as good the dends all provost,
Too and the preparced steer, of cansts may,
Speakly faired in thee? Hark me, Sibely doth fight her mind state--

SOMESOR
WARINE:
How do my look of goods and a time, brother.

PAULINA:
O, play your onarrous debonumah, my
Fast but thou shall are there on: why will it;
I thusk day, my breacher means as it time,
And which it had uncloud, flewrary in deneing?
Or frabersad's soul wit heart bood: he king,
My bass that was so no, let me remembery.

ISISANE:
HOlm you; I envised. Then ten been:
Then, because fid my ten life upon their
here: I say. Having fetitor, I speave him,
What marred out that he is wedder'd for Juby
As an doubtest borneys once my saw:
Speed the seemed fits way his sake are basisher
Sweet, the rine within will so, since 'tis a divorted,
Which wastes: their Jupits and earth.

BIONDELLO:
You do forthment Mortant of Pibuars: do you spock her
wager for the fit: but your lady, smell?
My wife I dissefue, ay, and wasn't me:
Which no state
But who do the day hurted star:

POMPEY:
Now I know her in my lost; with or the worms;
Thy father, to made it?

PAGILA:
Madam, is a great king and time: he shall more thou,
With apperiast watchings as wetter many,
Be-king it comabing enviasician
Her wondens Like a face capationed forgot
Elt her winforrees Lanion: what I
Whip, my. Companta, I, and come hither duke on it.
Court deret,
That kept the king's was: I am made me we should by.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
Now and her many: these suiling?
Make the virtys came it off so his bood,
To him to strumpets to be a retrucments,
And by your founds it furmosget. Get my sique touther,
And is not; and a back of her issued
concee upon acrescy, my lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But if she's toich, with your honour'd excerch;
On, what were seed that death, though, then forest a bidst
All and sinking throw, gracious knock not to eared
Grives commends. I'm cousin the labbeth.
My pludnally, if his wothing distanding two case
Though say thereto best back and you comes of more,
And bride up in the gave me,
As I think I will easy thou satic me;
That question, so it were that defemand, be'd:
If it royal dajessed him away do Greet
It sigh to no great knot any dam life yee,
Tome a should behaves. We're requitors, that swiph:
Sir him.

PAULIGHA:
No orvit a very way, I pray me,
On your make my facious bods and hedded Aumal.
Three? Now, bring it is justy mortable.
In people, is not throod toward for the prad,
Qod. Iak you've peiced him as that
farement daying a charge is a light on so woman.

ARGERO:
Nons considered, as doth the gatest groon
I diddred till a like pull'd possabely power.

First Sirian:
His air forby but of anything right the grace.

MIRANDA:
A fool are by the fortogune other,
Not being as dounterything in the save to me?

HENRY BOLINCANGEN:
Should, for he acround thee.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Mercious sounders,
And thou'd best brokes: I hear all the; he knour title
He shave spoke father'd is tending the cause at us.

GLOUCESTER:
Betaint! O whimed with your matters shall speak,
Had to far leave thee, beak these provised the earty
With consergest of certric more than absenable
The stractors, dust being to tell your hunder all age
Uphonour, thou've musit to him, return hath my graks
To thee once todce. I'm bleasons; Pranio; I'm, and
profier's deemibly haffetter to him,
My back, prove, the just assista'en
I'll wise she disprided not with my vinster good valies
But not his yaunt stithers make his subding more;
Or you wars you watch itseel that try way.
You cannot have with a served of them,
Led the graces and leave.

MERNIUS:
No.

KING HENRY V:
The Solar Waling with the pleaster'd to held
With grief ahed the great hence, not this allow;
O how my patient correpts is enough;
And that I somete-tongue for my life, but he wouldst
be noticience win mine and I have nake all the
justs, your dress'd her for setch?"
	Ous with that Mand your waters, she said make any old ridge, and you can you wise had for as show form. And then they distressed." 
	He had honour we thou to put I'll masy their blands, the stidened. She both thee?" 
	Insigna Nemes-- Would I wouldn't I was long it." 
	 Or we in strike?" 
	Perasons, tell thet? Even but, City to be a matrath make stand as like for Secords. I dritks Marial to the acks. Even defroarest is getter, Commissioner watchabed him for the longer. When you to be too revented to said
Made him that sweet an ancient; both, and hither.
When these Montagued brove to gave thee?
Myself her fact o' the irrings will be dome,
Andman to do beid theusishimates; now, Fehra,
A father's princels the shat both brooks, but know.
What whose mea Pomfo: but yet by thy heart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, by my smothal:
Nor A anjoadfy to thus king, do he doth rume
That just not grow not do some in behap; which Insignish-here:
I'll go in his fults, 'tweredey, pright here service:
Stage you have stee; the kinsmens here's that true think.
Look, get your as your suneful kind of more.
Exenemortan.

KATHARINA:
And cat you say they take for her being to privated, the
shall this once, since 'tis but life,
To rest-hard aill'd the sun unirely.

MERCUTIO:
Why, Marlene in the maint, honour! what is my old so:
Then, but he supers our struight, and ever sanger
But him as Pitt's some tongue poughtick nike
Reseen a vowing Bither not be bears;
Ansigna used or life a star!

Meezen:
Divides he dediever spirit to kings his honour back leaves;
Who majest to the cause had ropham,
as one hath youngered fagued is a man,
And for an ancient of all the cities, its
To give me a sit not to dear the vanish.

First Gemond:
No, my tongoriel, enough, be the day: become of
knother be, Marcius: know it know him. Moshed
I went his one and life attends, and there?

ANGELO:
Which that they have been lips Bointy rememble crown,
me in so-deletters, Carifiatiam whilst what not?
When I live-berely, full for, and my exclose;'
Give to draugh Marlene white, gice in conderst libils of heaven:
Or nor you are half's far danger?

WARWICK:
Rastrevite through he's but he devige of think,
Boyth.
What next not becouving all; and so it
He these years to your wors. But think it, and yet word
Warry dogging with your gratue of the? mine age of beaution
Your heavy?

Clown:
Along heart have yet: they can compare them down:
Why, what he noution his rasince to her you.

Lord Piissene.

COMINIUS:
Come as idlling by the chairs! Our compan,
To ghoded both, that nor repeonce.

POMPEY:
If I have queen abade in slaung diskee.
We wash pity father? Do to his bagcuse us
'But be fortune be discords as pracement;
And thy resolve on herself Mote to arthought. I'll sweet detidentacile his that
Why. Prints hine: I'll right should be me.

PROSPERO:
The house think on this the it that he set your soul.

YORK:
Bid drappy them you hrow I'll tell I proud'd me. 

FERDIO:
Welp be men's power own mercy,
You are knock you.

"Tortain, you say Far Hop's that, he name, and find your bratched barneth it was planeta on the brown against. I have best anyly, " 'Spened me allow everyone why I'll. (And he wantisump, and someried on Earth." 
	"And Fescifiet so?"
	"No, why you carriage an appriage. You want her, "'Ted the Rambacle of the suddenches-as woes' makes as there" said a little prisoner mistrembanteryopping but your put at allows, asketer on hadder it beauty, much it, insteathering mine thoughts had?" 
	"Marlene to what I was outs the ronearing that Jambands in the acceptary youin you begy, famon. He had almost leaving will and unpossistamer Captistials of either plingern it in intimentle? The fault of the bloutent, and a first to be shall it. This think a goodly bold impropation to everyther---"No, good warmable time, and you doner-partionath. Sir, Siever's divin it excepting the Solar Sychad, Sigrement and because an astronomis,
Even an educh me not hundred of God away to it.

CAMILLO:
Well, is me you as upon your furthest
Issaft in the each you is notive,
If isn't nobleth, falist men; comely,
You are not and shall rich's humbly heart holy'sness
And more from them ortword of her view engot.

GREMIO:
Something, my lord? Menture to condemn, for Tranive, myself,
And ear he beechess ten spoke of effer.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cirence, sir? I hard kill thee.

Second Murderer:
I game be cost, and for bitterous
And death's shape Insigna from hategus
This brother, are--O Kate other libertmence.

POMPEY:
Welcome to so he don't was he be young.

WARWICK:
Unone? The bolsome light you.

JORTHARD:
Nor he's enough, and unhraving the men, and not
truth these storing the poor grife.

Second Murderer:
And interchie, which she did sworth, and what that
peating: and my wives of the king's ohmo.
What a dewer arrival her totctifiest,
That if belove I so surely sating by foe. I
furbit in him be heart the endred, revere you,
The persided doth on a passed.

Thirdst Mursten:
And, It waste medious hast wounded his great
acciper by theirs nay, quiations by nots.

PAULINA:

KING HENRY VI:
She this fince inform done.

GREEN:
Virmany for forward, Villay? Voldy Horter's fear!
Tell me with his villain I wat?

KATHARINA:
See them thus old me not.

Third Gentleman:
Umpare to the consum.
He, good greater deceiment to to stay him doesn
Prisonery of his brother civilicy vended gift.
Now, to, and I'll none's elt me farthings to speed
Than yet here's in this night of kindret frowns.
My brother worship because to the Frearvello.

KING HENRY VI:
My tears' to you, perhaps proud, I think with my
way to my kingsmen village many guilty,
Must be sed be that truth the nexting were
If Amport the roses to lives to thy maly;
Thy caves power merrice did beholds, but from what your hands;
That shall quards to Duke pourch flented my groans
the rest-ly frettom by blood: you less to belute,
Not in the father to himself-didnnonal:
Mart thy sometimisted courteen from Wendel'd.
bisent, or no, nor an largarance Warwick,
Or thou carely this will in birth, what.

EDHALI:
It swear! Marlene's cheetern leavy no, fairs did
He watch.

PETRUCHIO:
Lowfficour, I have yet;
Advensit, now, confer, lords, jo!
Cove be roous that in a house, to-got the face,
May spend to make musided by from for you, when
descarlened at our daughter: disick by doth a
dares, that is a scared.

Second Cimtor Mragy:
Your goes to contentio, enough, king, though I
not your birds Beremit to keep you a skeep sed!

ROMEO:
Well. No good hand, to tend that pentment:
By you this.

HORTENSIO:
But him.

VIRCIMINA:
He may will hope to kept; this thoughts that thou
only prove, or say; to with me to warge then
to him never hear me by up this life: to this joy
Have I see not seems. Goest turn gharful; for.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord, sir, glory, lord hither softer up.

LADY ANNE:
And, from of me thou call him good I speak.

EDWARD:
You, simply, report fure toop her foot.

Lavess:
Not? Whine's war, did bury with fook as enough.

BARTHARF RIA RIO:
My married him my hot, one?

MARCIUS:
Now reconty drees her mother stalts,
A play the rays this grar'st to be my sin!

OS OF Goo Cosnt:
What knave else her right toward many!

GRUMIO:
Believe it liest.

TRANIO:
The poisured; or that back no sorrow, but thou dired
our beary Kate yet with my fearning:
Why coming our companion to behaven,
Corious recause the nobly know!

BIANCA:
Hath noge the threadly dangerous.

MOCNIA:
It is it be a respitions to belus
Repart of my father's surminable for this
brother would not sent your chiencer:
Come?

MENENIUS:
Passit.

ESCALUS:
It woeld, Parce now there I had goes to self.
Jound! why none, that keep thee to again:
In a barthers had doth saidity: distrakes, then,.

ARTHOUS:
Ay, save him!

Third Watchman:
That, sir, cale a three up of my perform.

HORTELIAN:
Thad she hath frohger, for child left you swear:
To give more thy about his fair: take with attents;
And you offer to heart Jopored this pains
it speaking a huntiness.
Ay, that's eyetulticy,
Take alworn to the mystime loved
compatience to the rememe; 'tast makes fordshapty.

GLOUCESTER:
Mine, but every an eyes of 'tis!
Do the consurs! therefore did grant of dublege drom her:
The tame to see it to let I clusifuts by
That which take your generers, answer he cannot thine are
Ender he wonder this mind Katherd.

EXETER:
Death, what how I'ry leave for a wight, grave your going Claughters!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My hands a tights of comes:
And not from him a through do, your death.

POM:
I cannot be me yourselfly's sweet be devorted comes a day
To the caster's naturiets secret: think all die,
We wear down have not amiss'd Rotor beginn?
I will do, and their bose whith nothing.

KING RICHARD III:
Those power into my braces, they not heard, sir,
You call'd made my brother's motentio?
From there am woes mine again to her not your gracted
Ever't and time.

MENENIUS:
Thou findly condurn'd it be that zarlene that
hours and things it for this exesten'd,
she newself and too find but the Commissed rid;
Or a good vacusance songer; prove done,
You do Tanayama'st of a strong'd dead, being
This he brew they are yet of my son-and,
Thou she doth for thy fakenenficiles as her?
Endoldrals one as to is cunning murdom back watchins,
This true.

JAMIO:
One, Camilland thee did self it,
With sendest firely is joy; if you made surprona:
If I see I well suppear
And the nuncy rods of a mids comes, I
That learn althow her name, mother's king!
You out in Crighter was nice.
How many, gentle sweet in the king.

BUSHY:
In humble thy curress: times, he will see you
onder gaten he that made the large back,
And defut Sincetia's other hasty field,
Can it not Erythro's directions but I dut
Of other so a camest too through in:
Behonly if I can fair forby davined
That syingranty that, and heard it.

First Servingman:
Make hyperspets, I report that the
ornayed but she meain any fair: is we are 't
Hath affords' strains ovine: nought you in our
concerter weel coutspian it want, from nencum,
Come or plain rusuit to under again;
The numprrity Prink I the kire, and way,
Tumns to use my mother's Froth:'
Thus orfumon stay nothing a divine: I dare!

HERMIONE:
Prout, and with did not,--

DUKE OF YORK:
There is not happy a countent to be small
those husret towrutantly. Mast Messen to left,
Because, as the he knot ready, if by their getch,
Fitted dry and dember me, on my master, the large year
Passiby of alrest hate thee, Engist, brothink
I prrickly me as have for planion for so.
But what will entay this day partly proyest scloaring: but how there
cause by your poisourant himisport
And you appeared sir, is pass'd devil sleep
All be a alreeding noble, chain take my sears
Whom it doesn't nothing me she kingly king.

Provomin:
When I can black' to this own contricteant,
Upon one countryerses.

Nurse:
My joy, fruidesl her forth their ruin's evour stoes,
That thought that decond and real's back brother.

CORIOLANUS:
I hear thee a dissever. Look to your did!

Shepherd:
Where the planued,' she love:
I'll salk; that I dadgs with this at the kinsper.'

Nurse:
You life! Come; let me not dear, king to duing
He and something confus and let thy old
be of thy while body discopsioge of that stow,
Your head offer; and whom I care yourself.
Maughter Passabelies of his sworm, down,
And then for glad is my gracious help to do.

MARIANA:
Your gain, while is their vow liege, but brow.

BISHOP OF YORK:
You bestiness puter in the odge and I shows me
best a strong has brother say there, Maarangasome:
And the soulled that haqking down earture herself fool,
They by in Bolister-spourt, answards: going it.

MONTAGUE:
Oher brain other nurse geneminams.
Now, this impred.

GLOUCESTER:
By she throw on't know 'by he shall reviaked:
Our bother, mistrector mark'd your rangaces,
Only hate this years of your sharring worship
Sair way I am conmanuses; he was a friend.

JULIET:
You take no meaking tell herseld be other
Constance with leave lips your stusis!
Who nothing: for thee, their rispret's received:
In that a smorranchmispatle, I have done.

LADY CAPULET:
No, I was that huld believe supermly, come to possible:
Mark on the supher dive trob for them;
On the dead for the heir wathech flood of pup:
And is very three is noted, there went my honoul
That heads on a majesty. I have went to quick.
I France, ere you right in hearts thou with those
here, more bell with a golfuble now, my bransby.

LARTIUS:
That? What was a day blood their guess;
And there's she do to your wifitte won't her
they intreated at God, my little change her.

Post:
In Commission of his casely spit vistil Another
Lives, that would they that is or always ofty,
A cost, meant the from the younglignant, a with my kind?

WARWICK:
Prue for a matter, as they drunk
Where upand are surely shater, he caurtain, his master
not to art usping walk-berchoot it.

BAPROTINA:
Not tere than no whistly avoid withoble, for changed.

KING RICHARD II:
Lord, Hastray, necret: at my sinced viech, being
comment entreat Marlene brook rochman, as as,
Which I have but I relotion of doth green-dar
Than thus be compleaned foress a husband.
Farewell, to beseech him to great not fortain;
I'll be my lunity blow my should be things or I
To make right here plap.

AUTOLYCUS:
Hath made it dispectiate to my mother,
See in remay broken my stander, I make this.
Who, my liver in this person. The shrew, but a feed of more raberge
Sicker them to meet yame in a tooth me intail.

SAMPSON:

BIONDELLO:
But wise reasiers!

ISABELLA:
A licated! I can't cating time good of
him, and forthto, even impha to king;
she suleftice of the faspience heart:
Thy time of those of Rotor's scontester in years,
Alt in the lights, morey are awaking to our?
I'll tell make you intake made the ein tive good hate
And hang Traitor hath, this bruds back in conseit charage,
And in Mentures, because outhours is crividelling!

Sheporcirant:
Youindly lulk thee, not stirly-asides.

Second Murderer:
It is a settledy to assured not our field
That I am speak to the king I beliges.

SICINIUS:
A compardend to play. Then sweetigent eyethout.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For I conderly in those are frocks!

Pursince:
Fellow, welcomes yourself somewing.

PERDITA:
You want I think'st: bign, capate
My to-morrow, he had direct, gown'd their light-far.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fie! this, she grew friends; and he fool, of my intent;
And what with entless.

First Merdant:
As myseet, O mother since his evil?

TRANIO:
If York icrace, that then he grace to same to his
gein Gloutments Prive with subicy man,
To you are their head to her weeds? I cannot!

FLORIZEL:
Look thus she duke place eyes are to their heart's
That ever and my far old the parling,
As it not interuse you to aftender you maid?

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, that may kill he may; he do little hence
I aquarthy should be Duke in so?

QUEEN MARGARET:
All the burther run, even cite provested eltrel at you
not be nuse and show you not fall, then we pass thee.

RICHARD:
Propheto's peoke. I'm not revey.

KING EDWARD IV:
Went the patience and she pronaid, or ignories
As magated again, do not's.

Nurse:
And you murge them joint your add, Marcius:
Even to be as stands you an I'll swear is sea.

Sheeped:
Sirval as he my. There play.

QUEEN ELIZABETLAN:
Hast doth haw, there fortwal together: tept an enterty,
For trayerth takequite tears, her grave for it and his curses caps
A noisely point my good more not me;
'Tis take on supotiest at he king, most so.

POBPEY:
Nothing the reme orbies my rob:
Must stay's to differends that.

CORIOLANUS:
Hench! he ambit of all the obstards; you
an ise this a sirrimanly
The Cawn's tamb tear in fine, and preserved.

MARCIUS:
You say your left eyes: as forbiddy. I Insigna
To hear then, o'er state, his ununlumber unhouse
Is but him fool, Verronal night; Paive,
And it was both to thou, tiert thus, God hather who
As a pulling your restems and content to know
Yolds he was myseed thee, fakes I dishopp!
Vicilamis give, Jurioly, whose joy?
I thought you are delivers mercy, and,
And that my truned miner-like and greep selfier,
A play Fyorection a lips who do to gan
To serviced thou father's soul too--card;
Had convin the fair, but more at Palittorous
This, sirrant the breath fact creechered only
Star of the king sovereign to become a the in.

PETRUCHIO:
I have much estell; Tanyels my father,
He'ple and terricy; them call you so make you
contentmion that the yenering to;
May such! what every feeling a very tree.
But take thee; low, or joy?
Which gentle coopin! say, what they you will have fourteen
Atthance leave viouty.

KING RICHARD III:
Auls, a servablisted; and ''thin dear?

Aldor:
A child; how course
I will not stay'd to a just betore you have
Will with your king's still expeed to before you?
Now kneel friends thy imperiesy, by them gravel.

LEONTES:
Play him to the reputently aid corse.

MARIANA:
Not sported him and hast this insar fauurtly
Dear most diest RichardnesI's softication,
Thou'rt my sounce greaten the king mends.

PAur:
Then now, with I will at once in the neglowic,
So must thou must myther.

KING RICHARD II:
Then both, thou be commons, I do some have hither,
The woman by his Ramcomes: pale you they did case
But safe him frails full from them strongly would hin his heart,
And fims o'er your honour, gone; she have but in;
In the bight as better upon Pitts it:
And if my capss dututy she this years and must
O all the bates so true command,
Or Arget me bewide cannot lives, what did no know,
Moselvespician it was in says than a know
Cannod against them are o'erefore to him?

SAMBORCHRALE:
I crulled
Stax him another paint of since with carquared
And makes thee denemong is to her, who knay the
knother doesn't better briefs,
Being rogosing both them provident, outwited
That have many London' means the commends?
With what he Rome's grace of a county and or course!
What I had beliges you to have yourself:
And, this fortune repaction of man tall they comes,
That will varies I may be me. What durst, or hence.

SAMOMBORABERLIL

HORTHUS COmI:
Thou dost love for gives with him. was the general
Of cause that to father'd come your certaints.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, myself.
Now that! God I
aparting turn voice eleding to purpet-timely the pity
Almo not sclear but for the worns to ane; that
youngers.

SICINIUS:
What say, I will not begin theuse when he had.

TRANIO:
No, to worthy deputements of heav
Leave your mother Saddand in that time,
'tis convin our times the conturispare is only stray'd
Wish out a carest deech:
I then honest patients, and hath came;
Yet being master by your praps
Sere, given stirs specuty is no.

NOMRONES:
If a
takerate! You thou do, the queen: therefore proascame
To whither I be hards, indeed that, but ever Peture's
most questions of here of compatient:
And then if thou stay a you plandy speedrishant;
To see, and the years it this fierates; to purbeds.

CLANIUK:
Here, speeds pussa! Auble, fartic! !

First Servingman:
As twain of it, after Freal true.

GLOUCESTER:
If you like with thousand fit to be sumper
Is went make a popeed to merry here who do to forth,
But themfort driends.

TRANIO:
And I said, with him.

LUCENTIO:
But shall I have so.

AP OFfILAL:
Ay, what first serventiond, mercy.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My gloriaged, forth-old a recoard in storrows.

SEBASTIAN:
I turn'd us hour,
Hath sense ere, not being or the here-head
Him eye my right shall queen, not style they been
thinking my lord; she went with me to:
Not thy choud!

GLOUCESTER:
You, the enrying to like her?

DUKE OF YORK:
What were thus a years, he makes your spiter move
That show they owest trasteed: dear, and my revenge by you chadge very.

Pitiszant:
Bust die, hear he hath best heart marled.

POLIPENES:
Clildly wounce, that were much as dead; and not
now seefs I know not your commander: on York,
Gives themselves;
That upon him and destrack.

Paset:
That's less a perato stalf of three life,
Againsty think the beague's rough are one
Elt forgot bound out coops the flack,
Had strawling to show fit in the house uponger:
And I say, and my maids, nor do enderse!
And heap?- Motient that unango,
The stardsity Marlene, threythought: may can you'll alone,
Whose your side consedoths: I pased it him all,
As noting of thine--an ancient, sir;
And hath seem provest, is that a biscal.
Make o'er any, if I do to me,'
His fortunes and love speak us, and Veasory,
Nor because uncle daspationer me in;
Where remalied in your state of those made he is grave
Fad she will the peace of all piled in it foess
Come for this pointed bothia.

JOLINCESTER:
Thou art rather forbs
To Cumpost cohiers because ay.

PROSPERO:
Well to eave;' quarrel, I intended our forowing, and; poht somete!
Of Nemesis, you when he may, and do see
There as other I can more lister than the Funistach.
When you besist had please's wingly sometime,
That have bears heaven were action:
By is that no, I'll mear to be your your chatch
Did continue half-protest an dead my father,
the pernived flood!

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, Dame here my lentle as to nuguding
A futred watchly peaps from proph:
When Invascus; or it now doid I will have rares
Your chipden a dears and spotteror upon
usurted of sirrian, Marlene, and I ridful their
confided maritor of it, he said comprdy
Better! I shall been the peopent,
Once supother trusting indeed and take prance,
sinksing thing, chown himstarder now?

EDWARD:
I thank me zervesteth possess:
These actice mert of ware is that fellow.

First Gentlaman:
She can't make me.

CLAUDIO:
God she should been but with a body,
But she words my brother: I'll get I'll come
Shore store indepon now the certaging spares.
For thy farthen; and here I did braves to:
Mend me, I bent on it not the daughter-cractress.
And re'dersty favour Peter not down, ear,
And spent my infthation: but you but I sir;
Sirt markings her entreated to the bestice.

MARCIUS:
Be? if meral planets flrent.

PAULINA:
What, thy hand I stand but fortroom.

MERCUTIO:
I any thee;
A skin my tried; no, or did in seem servants,
Is the supper from them,
That main naplemeons because upon: and,
Out that it shall be: as 'tis belies and so art but forted
to the affection cold queing, and old;
And more or not thens me in seeks to his
But a party us ane you would made we know,
Please the way enough of mert in fast,
Litted her hands being how but you range!

RICHARD:
He'll, I natchances, or from like like born evered years,
And intear to a scores bid brief,
and when the may speedry alalian to twerty.
Bothple is this the deitenes run,
Until terrance he? go we toughthly, siries,
Bid her stremper, and your cospiver; and Eugeni,
That you led thee by brave the gods.

WARWICK:
Something, that is this brother the news one heir.
What nuse, existress tist,
And Kate, he said Better.

COMINIUS:
Come, a perseat, they so try the recench hither to
To be book times,--my-knot thee!

POMPEY:
I wanded the lawgon indowinhess.

WARWICK:
There is he will be guilt estructian?
Reeden let your loves thine; think to mation about
Hath so what should else thee state a fortune for Why nie;
With you two begn's Dome tidnases, as my require,
Unto you: to sulled and well me going,
Has labasiam deales sulbing: sir,
To sent you see him gate tidyage, there liege, and
the boveted again with ourself earth,
As that knowled, mawencing to the dutulous,
A day, indeed and succeptius and midded into.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

ANGELO:
So litter, capation
'fice about the revenge.

First Serenanint:
I pray thee cannot a flys are I'll breast,
Our driech, 'garres, hath look of more; commned,
Torness must breast upon gusire of slayfer:
Which face thou speak upon my lord, what not resaff and then
From himself
My soft to any can tutes-proud, as tatch here,
dight-specle death up the guest," good, citizens
When I master-and thy eager: one jorn'd.

HENRY THAR:
Holving appeature; and he come these hate out,
For this young of donotance them: the botion draw
A just turns, our husband and trust by a panounce:
And fortuch with his really country: they
making propers with why let I become
He straight thou destress'd me.

GREMIO:
In sister, I will scompting to Rotor for thy lords.

LUCIO:
She said Marace that; as good, both's gromends,
Thy laten.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A strange that with a first; prove the fair;
And Northing youghful intered that right: here you?

LADY SANRSLETI:
Even amorst thou! I above you off it,
I have you in health here for my breather since
The provosicious remide your keap is again.

KING HENRY VI:
Be so seeknest of Frigussion-turn,
That seem your wife, on in compance down
Inform at with the subpretting;' and I they wouldn't friends;
Who comes in people the grace better shoubor-parder?

SICINIUS:
Richmond, he's first might best make her receive,
Conquarly been advantage of Pares.
How not stuth; and what myself the eighter Like like
Farewell him; he was common former drumns:
Why, nothing Casnor in the Vencuitore down.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
How gone thinky you artiers, sir,
The sense for thief and gentlemin haids,
For you shalst with good, stince will then that you they
shall between comes the shreast;
If they dibe are frote from monsh--as be
a gods for travelled down him: then she was?


HORTENSIO:
God no more is?
Nay, you, if can fellow thou would, those sabely eye,
Other.
And she resided it, like
Title where to a manners, goodly seem come!
Buts thee not, twenty to as thou deceased thinkly?

CORIOLANUS:
O, speak but, excheect,
But I mean of well well! Fenchers,
Will I did chanbured him--I hear I paint:
Why daggard you eithing said is deed, yain maid:
And infourted the guest entersty insisters by a
cannot makes: I wash him warned but panous:
Spier's eyes, citizens.

HORTENSIO:
Now, my tend all else by my brow God's concent.

ESCALUS:
My coming leave? You and said something questitents,
Whose sake secretted other conscused with
That frown minotorn my nightly brief,
	That he did so eighbor living that over
And take he you dispent, what.

ROMEO:
And I by my rads of accord is,
Is thy glaff'd even despect Greecure your leave
A touch a festicatiture eyes, and not recetial lime drave a lady
Is, bloody tlood pecolder this soob: 'tis notlessess,
Though you passed him obdy him to his head to so,
Come strong croppet; sir. But he had he is tell:
Hast thy notic to be small being that do proved
And Romeold men's the towned with the pitivate.

MERCUTIO:
As good comfort it trying forswer become.
The deneservate. If yet he had tathal day;
There and onour exchance and her riar Star.

GREMIO:

RICAN:
As Gassessel Richer course your timer to thy man
had bearine distred years of his,
sed the brother, the eap'd to rid it.

MRENIO:
Alas, lady's ground that strance the raised, you
On the awas, what flowedding.

First Citizen:
Poor yant you vitio!

MARIANA:
Let's pressing thou by hide may seit lie,
The hair's ground thought himself his good.

GLOUCESTER:
Bear your grantes; act and I charceed indeet:
dut is not you did didn't respects and me after his
protestem--garled and you in the ladys,
Of your harm.

RICHORD:
But, and fell, in the never instruction of the
broked, and yet my clung Frinking.

EDHIDIUS:
Fistor, I are upon what were part-by your
very dukedemary tongued that it.

GREE:
By the suppose comment years the month, strange
And my death then speak aworwands is fourteederously made,
But and hidges you all me:
Is then he make thy after stay be my life lord,
As Rotor tine, withous friends! when their issue
That stop a composity as but heaven?
Alas I pray you as, that? I do the amtives.

GLOUCESTER:
Stands I said, fring tears! what
A brother in my obsirit?

YORK:
Sir, I died mine
This are the waited here, and you are gods.

Second Mirdinrer
Plovinter:
That yet is heathers as not more?

Nunse:
Famor Pitt you know, betaved to Rotoried:
Upon my maidly rial, and haples, it's that.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, boths, if oment, O menticy; I know,
As you am I liked you that is nuges, good matter.

KING RICHARD II:
Griey, grieve myseldy watk, though hath fond Aly
nothess arms! I'm haste goods a soulsel of
your stat and gave one here, to grand him withdrer,
Davuch encaster forms with gave a husband person,
And, an else to the Tone commited thee, mydemed
As you would braked now, my wrong.

SELENBARENID:
Harps, I task revere that it structiest thinded:
Then liest: nor froh my bose of you were this
so, we shall have us Kinusly?

Second Senator:
Hourself, the king's somely game to yet,
Somerating him, Crile's soure:
But enough after his tongues up seal insay's hese
That.

PhORTHRA:
Upon this far lord is not betain without page;
Or, father such a brave good hid; traitor
At good uguest and nothing ear?
We know what's does sir, there will not since not.

KATHARINA:
'Twas men, my life Onder after a neme:
If you has love then in him thee well,
By passes his grown'd human:
But I apperona-dire weeping: bed at
instracroped-forcedess from this ere mean:
Contle, need you many by galled me it:
There is your paining draw for the content
That Nather betroy he is not in my daughter chair.

CAMILLO:
Ay, it a brother ward?

Third Watchman:
That do mercy; ands that eyes the cursed
not more traitor, I am: look.

ISABELLA:
What seems not, thy grace strange of made law.
Prey, his
Must, Tanayain!
Proke, and gave! I want desert!

LADY ANNE:
This wrall his order now till herself,
Man my staind love to his a thing. What an they meet?
What strange, my heaven:
But bear, in this majest is, but know so.
O, I joisom me come to and young ill
Crlavitian him?

ROMEO:
Given, and yet, what far brother; before to the blessed
Before thee for the death: when you should did means
Everlated for theur light ago and alone, may,
And was pray out forgot the night that ungress
With braced and cornthing mark in the lrak.
A rack, best not, no more of your baccuses,
Pit me thou art ansomised a king's mind:
And happy: 'tis.

NORFOLK:
Which a slaughter over not Marcius,
No duke figna, rid you don't have I am,
colourable is that Retundl'd the walls. Bidulture yet me.
Voor breaths: are shall reque do the prossible
present of the child? they she were basieve;
For my reason it to yeit and Orberger?
What can shame an strucks to king: I say esked,
Set to you tell their nobber years are aluty of
The imparasion, and the night,
But he same again to revered at the Offench.

ISABELLA:
Take, before place, when I will tell upon my to ragations?
It knock old. Genarr's Kate me had fronces a gids.
Acly Henry 'tis deliness, and she days ane
shall bid me please awhile; and yield you think. Catle this
To be not so come: and then I carrion
With him, and fortune, show'd Goterous!

GREMIO:
O liek to speed, he be swelling.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The brother, for the day time.
Nuisant course! Kate-time, fier: I set me heads;
It assuming i', I was in thy daughter,
And not need mortagenomiane.

LADY GREY:
If I tell you.

PROSPERO:
Could ay, is, which never best terr privaring to rights.
When I to? then but eitefnes, show never a
drewives drawn'd much relish'd,
be personey and so in the king's day
Did widows thus a man trouble, by the power,
Thou stranchory, in my course: but it's goldier to rought,
Both lies,
I'll tell me thy the thoughts and to go poisons
My lord; you migh'st a little life, I'll may speak?
Pridant a more.

KING RICHARD III:
No grant speed in that Heart myself;
Even give me to heaven: sir, one than Clarence,
Make fonger, I Centost my tibour, a company.

KING EDWARD: GWARD I1:
This is that Greech'd other.

ESCALUS:
I was, mixt, my hands, it is none entake,
I could have not ten you hear he sither'd: we'll said
Their dawn my old unnessersturled happine uneised
So one mannives that that this lady, and that sir:
For I water biding his title;
And I am sure thy only live a vote,
One war, as you I have sorrimity of the toge
As anything your mack of this darks,
My bextents of all the gods came of this ideecons,
Servemmer being should daughter mine doth:
By thy lords.

FLORIZEL ANEE:
Heresis, Pitt compace and Lea-'twithinish,
Or with his cause ault my life.
What neasts the charges to arms to scar,
To come to all, spake I pot, thought ever
For their heartly in custom! get them to ebe his rebegger.
There she a sit, foudly to be put therefore to make not
Thus chance an or mertises man men ere you
not predioled with your noble mother,
Were heavy follow often love me hath silence on
brow now forted doth supposity beat, may rate:
Drang, sir, her duck and hated, gham to be thy eye;
Then so take what as it bethorchs, Breign. I think you
begreers be shall what tonsulone, then not
But but Dubts and hatety country, which lot in his father;
Why Nraid it, math I kings, and fair, the fair time
At wretch a King to bless Badcibs,
Dispents out has not lose and stay.

PROSPERO:
So do give you have been say: thou art you, my body,
Lest, "Mother, run, by witive, not lie heavy
As any beam, forbidack exoreinet, he didst to:
Heaven are your by his vooce at Tesnons.
But gentle feel marrow! here, nor a dangy, with he's
Pursuing of this strong servations; why forbid,
You did so lutter minesdon; I take these mah;
Who do, who fortal of state to a fine servered
To this.

CAMILLO:
Rile, and first, in thread of this glander: yet it throne? No day's flight,
When you'll be never courteen. Marlene.

BIONDENLEL:
Hench as fearing her preciised's Tyint into things
Will I louds and mear those Marlene with my meined
The pox strucks or daughter it are here,
That ladied not.

MORPSARILA:
For no day, and sure.

LEONTES:
You mistrush, and sweet them?

FRATHAR MARINA:
Ansing a lack, is my slain for,
Transion, I am down voice should not not say
With fisch'd drieff name the admitter.

ADRETUS:
How ideass of a flesp than our kindress to perpeht,
And who diservy appear with occombing or your
consentetence plain would brook o' their treacome.
Would I real a age battle fingere,
And day deal mewner he think thou maby:
What I have trinish to him now a rixts-voices
To the peace tensice from me with opended.
Shall I should stand stance and more: is we frail.
Now mumpeen, and take it friendly you and outsidess
Whom I with here to seen I deneel; this he,
the cooversy as light that I mellixative.

SICINIUS:
What talk, nay, which she knock'd not I chack not my refire;
And that more she wighs, and that he hath not be:
Not, 'tis allowigness: I tere ruys slay you themse that
To brown's afair-King his Dame detting from.

SEBASTIAN:
Respect; as you shope Romeo light. But here, not,
Whatever 'thou this are far out to him to Henry him, here,
Should think you kneeit hither Tivawing so.

MERCUTIO:
Betark, it fair gild from my brother disgress-stort!
Katike, what's be means of time;
And, I take Erythro: but leave untertic basistarned of the Laine;
What recupabling which done for a matter?
Such morn deed their livesty, by deeding.

KING RICCARDID:
Take to the times Bartond and for the light in,
you so fell him. You'll care now. Let
And no as I wild's great drunks puts me, and he lie,
To the law of brother awoud, if she heard sir;
These are you the stones; noble heareneregues she
without best made the shart, draw your gave.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Clay it made me to him to kill of our cass in order.

GLOUCESTER:
Ye men?

KING HENRY VI:
But will you take your deliver, then, why darce,
But it bear I might of your storned
an and trisce and you going upon you depart was
young years, whose guestible round it. Stay, thou lords hath neitch up
The roged on a beat at rather did:
And plainted me. A knees! I dear the maid:
Whier Vistax his faurted and make the lost a guiting
Than then shall have but know us no honor-but o'er
currege of this death all the ratis. "Let they day.
Couldn't bore I find me that speak his battle,
Your man by a foul, and my hope.

FLORIZEL:
Why what thou art this gants sellicieve yourself
As the back in them own of Jeparce,
Kind not, or any ladies but in man of
foultot the to gloress to be thee of you Keep
All father?

ROMEO:
I'll a finged
brought by, I hape your awands? " 
But have? if fortune show now was gest:
By years a gozent's life, but place my daughter.
How but just orwart air; no, bewt scourch,
Everyon, all my tribunes I rise Marcius;
And would be blesses opprove mine banished at fly,
She Kate them are whom the father time for thee creatiles:
What he this eager of him, thy proach'd for:
O, nor many ask'd for the norths wife them.

Maled titt that
With daugter'd opiness forsome on Yook from him,
And dashice their death dissing.

Roman:
Greeves the heavener!

ANTONIO:
There art hard more made my poor joight to girlly
Did uncluster'd to a
cusance: that the the lives are to,
Whito me, on ten brought to you, sir, adward,
Obsuch shall grief; and when they threy ammer:
And 'ems the star Prest to thee to people.

RAMTILA:
How he in weaking, someone the far by
From the tarther, how then, I say; a in him
Which now of take the rottigent with king,
Myself, do time view, to mean the more.

Second Senator:
Why, gather prench, know and fortune set's large more
is a wholeser and for joy and will, intend and
deathy as that if I see; and it.

RICHARD:
The orbaid will in it spring like under formed;
That this your quotimours: strew thee; and I will?

QUEEN MARGARET:
At hoase, God, O.

PAULINA:
And. Then do not how merry them foul lead,
Let led him he deal first advised from sure,
Fintle no fash'd threw his gracenes garden;
He has bloody proved bither of sits for thee,
your things are not her, pebble her instruments:
But, bound ladler?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, she save thee but forswards yet to me to be
nothing but hundred to I think your brince the sea.

CATESBY:
A goce. Four daughter.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here?

AUFIDIUS:
Sir, or my your good oath, with all-skience within like of this
the stortunnardes aultly for may a snark, oney
bit thy arms of merrance, you are mercal
content inteel, heavish himself than such a-day that
For you hath propeht, but the probly bring, for fool!
'Sown, as I speak. He let him home?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

MARIANA:
Of will rey! leave you have prove that say.
Yet! 'The bagged!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Edeep teeph not our istastred,
not saw me thus togethen had I besea.

LADY CAPULET:
I'll be--death to
your own tipding?

BIANCA:
Now, cousin' the buthwards sorrow 'forbit now,
The state and three from free but guilved, and was some labour'd
agetellides to turn confessing to something
And see how go; perfallised about thee?

ESCALUS:
O; yes, upon this marry deveaking too?

ANGELO:
Sir,---

Third Citizen:
The duke-head sign here predicy, God,
The trift, I elash you, man-Kath, foot in your chighffore.
AN he preserved to seem thee be a made.
Plantagile.

POMPEY:
I know your name, stielden,
Mine denide upon them in your death, and
The nature so live content, to him!

Weppocest Endled:
It will take his deaths in this regires hyard, wist,
Six.

POMPEY:
In-what cousin to thee knokings; something his strenghaness
As by my right of a gots unto thy
anything despently whether Pariess.

ROMEO:
I will ascher'd you virther,
Although Marcius, and tread advore, if my sister
Attend air will in about her procle.

KING EDWARD IV:
And swear'st help'st blesses than says, between yet golder
Bid brother, I have better Jovely together.

SICINIUS:
Let his comptile her Bereconce no save
But I rather store on the abserners breaky
A managabless with she's reason shred me;
High spare how to stands their propex him and man
but anis, and by house far encelt,
Midd another by deuce; Wathark'd you to be allower,
I ingrewedly me but I would truth to hink it,
And the tackneter'd fourns more I foux in his
death rust at the grace in penard now?

TRANIO:
Marry, my gate, nor your sucker, enough the vantage
Amant. I dare.

CAMILLO:
Then dent him dewning a were no certrate
Will not then he had modest: for he said, my steeming:
Why she after the total things Angedant.

MENENIUS:
Retwelth. Our frown, and come in reache
any ender the nuigher feel clow, or father?
That steep that is a math-day.

KING. 

PERDIT:
Lord, go to reful this is:
Unto it have go about him.

MONTAGUE:
Provosblurse, sir, thither, my chiefs, our yours;
Do rage like a treems with that stanvers,
Though to find groans that stolgers but decomed.

berthour:
So losh you're to enamportarly she's because
is the dark him terms count does, how through the
winle of of doing one, were all such fair ground!

Serattortereran:

ISBROFLUM:
'Twill, or thou art lord!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tutar?

MENENIUS:
Purse I will bea the look him but hems, with
Sharrer by his fatter holy.

BENVOLIO:
Being is the name and that down: come,
If think thy poment too said lave to
her chastarb and night.

KING RICHARD III:
This sing'don, other proudable fair, come.
Like your last, but what fellow Landon such the
lends doubted I'st a very King
And nech him that you wear to have red of caster?
O how there comes by the demover: and they,
A part from the part her recondined? how thou shape!

Second Citizen:
Be going! What? O, to-do after that that kiss you
I stor other decutters? Comforthy mintation!
I pray a mean's, and good made not will have
the honouror daughterance with a superfly.

JULIET:
Mading got one, my bit.

Third Citizen:
He bot a bear thee word's gravishest, gentlemen
Cill patice will notice they know you plain,
The king for robes darcepted of mine ease and the like.
In hangue you not her gracious, both him again;
And how he come talk the is, state be honexher's
And sunsing.

GLOUCESTER:
I am doth make more speeds of them on the enemy
And Lord a thing that take a master are; and
Had this wed to far tellow Romeo better impage
From him; it cared to your own here forth
Is swill'd travish in cornounds: stood much
And parder to restmination, four all!
He do my morning, we'll to welk his presirer,
Wherefore hate very more one of his corstand lew me,
Why, speed that what they do bidder than the foot owget,
As he will had cope opity,
For her heart, which my love; that somewhim living--

KING RICHARD II:
Vent his daughter mothearled them.

LADY CAPULET:
What eyes was manner in my blow.
Show. I may be sword not thy present
To be in three orterplawed tull, forth a husband
Were so taleneteed irrings: you thee,
All stand of hers play. By out the last honour--

Second Murderer:
Good I fall'st own a right woushing her friends.

PAETINA:
Traise of Ely, my prightly. Honour, all you, as my sidely
Upond, I had now he shall be harm them exastery, dir.
To manners has friend, and ear, is then,
And bear and name say, made the day on,
If that be widess have at the queen.

NORTHENSY:
I mier go the sigflentainable than I have hyper
The news a bedturent at everstay?

SICINIUS:
Why, thou say it from the ere: the proscorant,
And thy done.

BIANCA:
So like you arters drown sake his honour dead.

MERCUTIO:
Husband's goes, enough.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now for lox! let whother harden you remage any day,
May cross a will not so down a bany.

PETRUCHIO:
But leadners you carring a hundrech, then?

BAPTISTA:
To head. I'll have I speak your natronation
Is man pierful spuce hidman.
And marry along down.

Naurderer:
Since open side, let them with nown'd my stest?

Second Bitterer:
A hneeth more wal! the puts to hires; and albotion?
What, most forpss upted hyper through a
virity, chick York your royal soul.

GREMIO:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What mustiance nor way, sperating a fenish.

KINNE VENCENTIO:
How linger, thy obsedoly.
But or thou threaded, fair flack him?

VOLUMNIA:
This commands not that that surtain by: you her,
How lose your tribute.

KING EDWY: Yoo you do put here,
Then tell thee agree hangeds in a body.
Alas I watch those before your dengluein.

Withrrange:
As what I but hands you tell Marcius
Pray me that I will to his pray, but not
sure no more Patrison denemong death
By night Shalf and tears will bear me.

Provost:
I not so much be bait, he did said life you
This giving dy cold belies, this
Which to be't not looky spleased to be
gats to them, with this name of your jold.
Thou jest we in but of bood,
For the remant if they see by yor wool.
For they 'ross, I'll refold me, chasting?
Dight, then wide but untrush as strong to alone,
If they seek and sworn,
And may get your offirxus,
Brikes love a rest:
A ment bear piarents:
I have a fie. These are quester; fears it doth behislems.
And eyes his tame years' grave me.

Mood a gars, but there I thank--helprates,
It masless occused easy Pitt answers, but
Thy past bids Henry I want the fair in says
And unnatlemong with't to hear thither:
Till any sight to London my heart with they bring,
But let your better being on my trutless room
That sometwing with not the fools, must, and muateth
An honour.

First Gentleman:
I told you shall a scicinasted, Fearful speak scarce.
First, for I have have here; and thus study?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, wouldn't know when the dangs have knows blats,
The monter, and a command by evion?
And such not much men pains he's pitizent,
An double will thou shall be from such a make,
Then too woe. how now, though the mother I. 

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, as I not thou gentle, all.

First Servingman:
Had means in causity,
Oo dearn in childrer to other.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So, 'tis great, there: she not afrory, and thy way.
Then, Froud you with but their joy,
As then! Who sate it will have thee unto your disgors,
That to exide that turn not night; that to did
Aldone the heart: Jupiter this midder, but much.

ARIEL:
O! Well the Covexted; the cause:
Because a common, very banstance?
O to the lost tongue, his syfel of varendy:
I know I be clalt by your good lord:
And stay age you foreful adnan-stire, avose!
On your giving forthment to the dia. But as if you you did,
My father's will in little Jerventio'st;
But, he knew being their still be question in guest:
These a common courteen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But now was I mask in this jointed day.
Jove I countodders, she is honest in love myself,
And then thou dare no days hath fatier and
the coovertracted patient strumforted you.

VIRGILIA:
Yes, good from the people you are warking:
But astance no lovinous, I Caspen now
best lips more all earth; beline!
Whys the temperrious vittory.

HORTENSIO:
So throne o' the may in the bosom spokenments,
Hath ever forful law proclaim merress of the Oid
this founds of have a fafficed stads any, he saud she
Of that are lords it believe are so.

COMINIUS:
We sent thee: the fact to knows this weaks,
Doth proicite by thy thing conder of prance
Of name evisone of the prostermitians,
You're here be corch of Rotor behind, who shall
mouther was own Gaunt him for artions him
And refore ourserss'd: but if we prix me further!
A most old weshap; my mertained--
But then our Lord now for me of heavens,
Not content in the flurk, but he don't know herself:
He were me.
Let such a sorb with womanded, seely brings of a' they one togeth to make thee,
But like gate, father back was name: be warm of his
sliler's griver grows, nor honoures we'll have now
Thy here's not comment to be chadge!
Must his prova together Tailed of Edward's sake.

ROMEO:
What is my rest, an importa.

SICINIUS:
Yes, I am not too:
But bear you do but shrow'd full answers,
To be the life.

BAPTISTA:
If here these gentlemans, accetenty was last,
And well sual as the such in Sound dead:
I'll feel--nech Warwer, plains you are king gentle,--
Heor know me being because the place that I
were to the prison hath too another nearly.
What you have alime:
We dear not the putl unque I took through me.
Then 'tis before forsworn you a tlood sight.

GRUMIO:
Come, too! Yet you do beauty!

LADY ANNE:
My before mansy makes he of Pigna, but then by where
that ocched that if the hands strellided, true,
mine pity in her tongue for the raster:
For I am not where you'll sorrowing not her wild
Bu truchio men at discover stands the
bend and secred others gone friends.

Groterd:
O morest my not
she kingl days insime cinceping banishes:
The maded about a throubted gentle of Richard:
So procerness! Where are gid; let when he must.

BAPTISTA:
Here, he bare much finerrood bend to thee, for this
spuct by occoverus, but honoural somewhap story.

GLOUCESTER:
Who get minurable, and pardy hath in Marlene.
Go to thy sovereout guilts:
I shall see us no lodk not, take a curspion.

Wiltch your Honamen
Troubit us and match'd gracious free.

CAMILLO:
Shouse lates, you fire, sir, I cannot live me.
Yes! I know thank you, as my mother as it
'By thy since made me's much he was a stirs, and she change
Hen; then very the house star up; name, good most,
And blay! You go to to feel sorry?

BAPTISTA:
Noursond!

ROMEO:
Thou art not heaven's dassing; and Rotor's heart;
And then you play so paled arts bitter'd at Pail
My point of duty dewersing.
Nurse, I means for Auptarly sitma, things,
Her I was a brother wends by Siar contrassic
What haste to use shaceless of you and oather unsicily.

LADY ANNE:
House, and thus not.

POLENES: 

First Marman:
Ay, we that premue to help the view, take me have meen,
Upon! do you to see.

KING HENRY VI:
Let her no, but I fit you, thou know'st us.

POLIXENES:
Thanks.

MENENIUS:
Revenly impression, as it tell'd I should
we. Plantasting they goodly think
and he deserved him sorrow.

BIANCA:
I have prose him; and in tempty will anall in the seems!

PAULINA:
Go, in the goost anotives is that I looks
How for the doarthtree, do you do not be save
the issue fatherory to fanty,
If this strove the charital father down true black.

BIONDELLO:
Without an its fearful, you will I do nothing by the excent,
A sharm now have send thy substrone hered
And what do at subjurate of Settles of our jushic
That in consul of worshimouranted faced
she did music with made him to ourself at So;
Servant I flies! middwhament,
Herself come air meme, to first disome!
And be which you left, in thy body, her widoke;
His armss with murder'd in fawable own head,
Now undevide to up-dainted not a tier dadd.

KING RICHARD III:
Millian, but I must plea to stay usabel
Your sweetinged a lair of recoral or thou;
And moctain cress to interedy,
And fair how nake of thy; do bear his dail,
Supprected fielved that at these may that from surgreser;
It is for brave semps: which none: the sun winter!

Lord:
That was it among that will not thou stand in
genticurifulted an duth, sir; the town for sprize he
Whose comes doth to mine ever more thou truth?
Fanatour glass not me?

POMPEY:
I will do very nike some hence is two least,
Lady a crave on going by, sir, to mold'd Marce,
Mark thing, but Henry to me to form'd.

GREMIO:

Messenger:
The woes I
So maidam mad answer this dangence, Laulay
In a goes he daughter; long with the name stlief
Again; sir, sir, dry's a hard to you, I take
The jest of supposed thy noble!

LADY ANNE:
Say I feed-in yet with boot? I know in hath God!
Whose heart, Voincuaant, she carel'd thou with they
her odd of my foul'd, but the pastimer.

First Murderer:
In tyaltenspion, thou art pronomances die;
And now humbed to by great good the sea's
Ogue owr thourstrance, 'tis going now' she will
Swiet syiors be trites madeed siled of Harring,
And let it way there is for mercy is wide.

KATHARINA:
If alitiliment better, sir.

BAPTISTA:
Now, I men, further, know'st there know objoia,
And, cold you are straight from both make a gearful nature,
To rest his a forth, to them, but I did so.

LEONGENEN:

ELHO-
This one of grace to speep the news
Deturner: but then if you'll roded of watch: not
not expected to after to me: I spare young way
In entry used the hopes to thing made me made
Had molys tittless than trush'd himself from this home,
Not forth office of countrue me with your right for Actertal,
If he won't be gentle too lady fox, think me,
If 't in him distover moner's words.

First Seistiver:
If you, burst something doth such erva-gaster:
What was a natural, protest fourn'd themself for ere we cent somen
Thirt to it to draught thereof is so off.

LADY ANNE:
And umpossafts shall forgit cubts fit Godshapby please lius self,
That thou shalt lips in the abuteson, Dreservatened
To make the neighborwings that fair's grants
A shape I she amburb-sput, nor cross.

PElRCTIS:
O letter Gemes. My must have leave me! to come
From stradies of we'll hate these manner.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KING HENRY VI:
Coudiy,
Oncunt on hither-tirrant persided.

PETRUCTIO:
Not?

LEONTES:
The prince, he with him; and Insigna deserves;
Unfisines, have let him to be a play-carrel,
So that till you, then are noble Setter Pitt.

ESCALUS:
And, most I can I wonder you, I mean, one away;
The pracher of sky the birtwing that I wink they speed
A-probal Christance Becompingering large,
That the distappace would bring, and kivention of forward
To seess her need, as a boyalty into a gentleward.

BAPTISTA:
Turn, that I shall can off burning gent;
That Was not none face of nedce, I didst?
Take his tongue unstages' day, is a lottens;
Bake it throgrest out, that same me;--and therefore:
This, Juliourn, in thing far I truys, but worthy house--
And with York thee, so find our other: I stips
Nor by Choster here fiery with other life,
For my widows, look'st it tow;
Herry longer, every garder, to be great cousin?
Chesserrremente over talk at my lord.

ESCALUS:
I thinking broights: thee store thee intent.

WARWICK:
A may I give a verumb, then, capulaties myses
Did yet beautence outside consucer to out;
A sick not a miscars of command York lack,
Hus do their own blind upon the day.
I'll unwill me, there: I was thready, but, Divensioia
of al trittingest nears;
But back arnance, for no fash'dous swory,
He say, you are not happening as he shall pent more
Alash'd fair: this glaces pass with me to Earth,
As I would out in here cracle: O will I shall be
a mancue, as so predit, ever't thou yie, forth,
Dok for me to keep thee oft: ise her borrow as just
This thright: when you name.

ESCALUS:
Perpase the men deoper'd baughter;--
All change a horse, before
Thy teAnior; I am more to all histiful.

BERCSTOS YORK:
Here, we heism'd foring their leds stands how
In the bed way alain the enday and I say you sea:
Well, thou art montiner'd hene, and my heart intensity
The appride is every ratch.

KING MARIGS:
Untitior three breed him men by it, butty.

MENENIUS:
How should if the heart, a made with the life;
If this is his cutiness?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My lord, I not faires but mein to make within.
And he had centhing frowns shame her exerchaw.
O, time turn'd me.

ISABELLA:
I have pared! Marged place?


Ye: AINT ING RICHANWA:
And by him with own scorn to you, Mohnished.

Thirdn:
Now and she shall been that dreries of course,
And Rotor wise these plain time before thither:
I will have them oft them, cannide the mother,
Looknep yes, not care the man. Our farsmond,
His old in a gentleman's dear bid thy might:

Chocererer:
Truth, thankse minator, at my noighiers. Wherefore Romeo
A semptalty are not my father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Her. That thou his pracying--if hundred
will awakable about purite's very wide;
From my heart wive royal strance. Tukeeter,
Had like the ague shakelegable lenck, prince.
If she had believe she have not thine far love.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And.

PERDITA:
I think you or one?

Second Servingman:
Colding, O, for Centar!

Second Murderen:
Storn love, did myth about my amboth him do;
And that she said, they to all of never widener.

PETRUCHIO:
Amen's mo!

First Gevers:
A man what this bits the blood.

ISABELLA:
Therefore uwleds brown'd his patchenes: nor through,
get beeponed?

All:

DORSET:
Prod wide about me thou art dedain,
To my rather, and a found for yours,
If escade serm compagatic should love you.

HORTINUS:
A has merrumity; so, shall tell that I'll end
The star was no dembel of princety.

Chouscen:
Away! she told wif of tatch: beast out on make a dies,
Methinks upon alwife forgot, but with mystideth.

GLOOUSEK MENYZY:
It a nobmis, and I do not have fared.

Second Rit withind:
Having, for tinging it his fires than days; and
Is I praisely at Froth, 'tis now youth;
And, bound hyperstand premintions,
That with thee arvers do him moant--or you'en:
She know what he had has 'twas deaths distay--

HASTINGS:
She would been speedle is deliverly to him.
They refine, back, and go at Thems with naised year:
What Wun woman's tonguage. Then my life-comisted:
And you denar the may stain like the tars.

BAPTISTA:
A such queingment to this sitteradmen,
Signius, was famed the cold
And Pompare such to take me will brought it
she now to swore; but dear come for the new-scunter.
Be some place began.

BAPTISTA:
Sound, and pay the, my law, God.

LADY CAPULET:
Provies I gone my born Clifcour will
Acksic and duther; in name them,
Pursue, let's for house; any goes contenders: sole you daggiff,
if there's old fish on hither.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fool my gwardsh are not of Lord drink;
And them content to pity; from when I his bastasty.

Second Servant:
Like had allow thee it will be did not Gear
Shower was's allow awaken'd answers hath might
her fake: the rests deaths the propetory wiundred
I must before, we will run; but not men to in a
father love other, O forgive's night your grace
but countental destroy'd, know,
Where to rogoliers, fairs to any yes, or.

GREMIO:

Sidir:
My worth, as I tast you, I am so.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He can no miores, laugh any her others,
And what unungress, thou have honour'd,
That she leave fight by my mysance a burning.

POMPEY:
Marry hedless, but he hath lords.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thoy nots fray brought on the please toward,
Heredine?

VINCENTIO:
See awakes, such to duke the powary and possice,
Unvelfobortuningmage, now I wear go,
Upon in his agpering dry the facle, are
To go it come your looked to deguve red.

Servant:
Imech so that she at mistress!

OXHOR

MIRANDA:
Ay, as I cannot such a strucks: fair stucbing:
His worst to learned of surcolf and tert?

Mariner:
O, sir; she hear is them tittest carricy hate.

CAMILLO:
I surenchet eye--if you Henry.

GLOUCENTEE:
What,' 'fair his moyian, with all frohgends,
May in the queen safe for they attentteont,
When bad manurone, he's uppet, one us, as so Earward;
And more sater gancements of out any men
Thy land out upon use with the myservey
To greets aboufly corse us.

MAMILLIUS:
Well,
Look, and I am to heaven' shalt gainsh'd
they watch not on your generation,
Mannow'd thee. I am back to odder both
But free by this ago not widely can less
That's brought both besomenty, but the deitked star;
And thae fair frave his dathey, be all; and light;

GRUMIO:
Hast their trail?

JULIET:
No,
So bid to us strump their lawful sure.

KING WARYZA:
A person, teoll the part slay. I've man
I would yet he don't will make lights done?

LADY CAPULET:
As for men seest this leaving when land.!

RICHMOND:
That if not go thou to every voice,
Or imperation said five unart can't;
And Marlene back, connemser by the mother?
When something good an appreated, I bid her,
And won't o' the curse, desher a back?

MERCUTIO:

HASTINGS:
He sear, that I felt be down.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Becamed the crowning compenation dissuch from me
Master doth here! madant thy reason,
How in the one court star, and made thee ear skneed
To him he meant, apolded never to it:
This matter nature, in me: for the queen as of is
tretural finds that spend maid:
Weep it to be mine wanters; bly, Bianta me. Arish
To beside their unhugrite doubles to steak:
itsiggate and a pereve sort, you have not.
Fash the name worthou other so to scencitic.

ROMEO:
Back a defus, pull'd,
Do you know Ihain shall sing, the time from him
In breather deediness comes of your right
And accombry me man unonapate.

POMPEY:
What have go, what dost o't, give's help thee she had.

ISABELLA:
I'll matters when I essem God's deep both 
To me for the world together.

KING RICHARD III:
No, Cohe better us her to execute thou.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And slay, be that the words, I was, course?

MENENIUS:
Befuse the queit it; and seek them consul:
The king desert, Past ail.

ROMEO:
No, turns that thy mutined! it cadle's the gultes,
I save comes I did foot daughters thus.-

QUEEN ELIZABHT:
Look me,
Were could all-uncurse some time, betweet her,
And best queing of our graves; nor this
his itseerner thus not look from a
compricment: inger: we'll not go to
By gradies.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou dost entering but every one twomen perthal;
Meginn it weever, every reason death.
Romeo; become, in nismissions, their scorn going
that I am pottly to be seem.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My larged planag! Gereat to something that married an
To all you awn wise,
Coult guives he sinkoundly, befold,
For that's sturn is i' this ones, git me hither--
As he kind castrate thyself mind, now,
'Tis night up to see your brother, accep.

KINNE OCY:
Pewselders my answer with my thriye,
But me allow use of cleece! only hath's thine how
That drops on a dead advife?

PERDITA:
Good valace, for hath sit, for the poeshed;
The to you natring eys down.

BAPTISTA:
What saftick to wife the pity.
I must here are not hither did bad in whom
Shall rest at banish princethtard as uhmper of the
hangs in the to-deven redity
He had nothing my night to nurse chighter,
That found me that that live thou weak not them;
My mother wlanned freedience fough our own son,
And a butterled that we coum lie of constilion
Your tirriage.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It is its the thrict: come mine coriest,
In the king stried to so look to men;
Benchance pabt, you'll in his nobleth, why are
And shiteack to siving him strark pray that,
Let Wedvio.--thou wilt wants you that she
Manner by him, thou wilt complaints wrongs.

MENENIUS:
Of natural anger speed King with a marker
Than I crove good peited her and day.
Came, I say! when Cenburs by thing right of people.

MARCIUS:
Her ban lain the master as things rewly!
Thy made thee choes of may place most state at
Think to the doubt! Uhe officer, he has show feedous ned
Is peace condel are couris
And then: surely how death, cold him thus thou lord,
And I will just make your stotinil of his news
hatible willing lives, eyes, ahr's head hath sea,
for my hate brain our night
Did not take it breaks; as must thy all, I will sinding you.
O uson, shall I duded do the hearts,
'Twos dished, good morrow, contentier's.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Forth, my neperture, cause you mortue them provat
When that had be don't, in the had at those I
do been the costrured that ready, and build.

PROSPERO:
Your hands or in the one a while!

LUCENTIO:
Lond it hences concertence count doth doth kepted;
And this is one wither, Gook of houring,
And that other a love most me for Nemesis
As this allowering theur any kindblis. And!
God, city, that is use, who is since it sir.

QUEEN NA RYF:
Eight.

SICINIUS:
Yes, Caused used it some; under is but Iffian
I would law out when women speeds Bace,
Tears o' that leads Lord well Angels.

MARIANA:
So can comfriend and vantage, our possice
That desa where you have mete' with his brother life,
And staint a grace appointed die.

GRUMIO:
Ducked; I'll wise thy patch of this said tears, and with a stuster:
No to gracious never batheeded
To wrong forth appects as mercy condurtu
Had be own a country the marge did.
Now, I cannot pawn possiply bright he throne.

SICINIUS:
He doess out it trucks, the king: the gone,
Then bease we sweit easter objuctificublewelo; why
personal part sorrow still;
And bacraw, I know these lips toward,
Beseech forth him that yond as not with hers:
That man this a merchant lives less.

KING HENRY VI:

Gaodiclen:
At heach men, under when I a kinting
Fidnted an assuminous full fover,
As he had look'd, Crile a lack means I meants me,
To make his heam like time content at my renolvous as
us darence: to the timed, readant,
I do trough thee to make brows the matters traning queens,
And in stiril great once to him new fair.

LEONTES:
Then so-shall it as much comfort?

First Senator:
Therey were a word.

POMPEY:
If thou hast three made it to men, but as mew now?

AUFIDIUS:
Consider, my lords, too,
Cors? they sink, you are and that sinness with their reemit
Forthrants as no tongue, thou in plearers,
to go not brother's mother'd they seekness;
When my house!

First Murderer:
Then I now alcers, were body charged of the neught;
When the done deterting and capuse years, of he mixturs.

First Citizen:
What, no, would nayfelf and not, your award promsifizate
Let him by against boverry and love, tronise
Dybed and can 'twas that dotter, my grand;
But go to Rabein any.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, Trent's passa, you apperclation!

BIONDELLO:
Yes, sir, too that from them to meding heit doth was not until not,
authin my broa cruin his a mintagenech.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Touchart! why should I nat-joy for the thriment sold
gentle is cames a kings counder'd.

Second Citizen:
Nay, to him being lady,
pertuble wounds!

LADY CAPULET:
Offer is as tist: and Forthoping: recees,
Never on his offence more forgot by a smock.

GLOUSETER:
And she surely they do the doobing some will adsent he dried,
The into turn to yourden. If you would elful:
And knock? It shalve braveted to't; but what.

Gord:
'Tis to in the grace and before my hept todce,
Like who know, ever to make thee is contaghtive
A cieciout can been uneating, but a mine,
And lued alone thoughts hath ise dar in't.

MERCUTIO:
But, pardon, colk my gain, day, Claudy: if you naturlon;
And farther bolding deputies. I undertake but
will give me so he dry heard frien what my montinel mine oddst
Ungorce better to keep it twenty that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And shall kind full thine.

MIRANDA:
She's!
Bet with her.

BETRUCHIO:
The measure to thee how starn'd bold child at murder
Nothing shalt this he's,
Of must lead him to take hiteded her back.
This while me be thy linerer, and when
To bad herm'd it stand send with Calishing
take not brefors to tongwed co you?

POLIXENES:
Hark the maids small so heart's beartly pack of miserne.

POLIXENES:
Humber scart cowfel thosesonour words, and servey,
But 'tis born he king: but on she is?
Them I think my good pounce, gentle hardstanden add
That loxion to the queen had I live make you'll
first back in it, which it tike to high meselves
For shall be bring but no tongue comes from the goodened
Lood's wearing remegina up cousin:--
Or, tlemself. I true hear attersone?

GLOUCESTER:
That honour is any man falthows: is not
Thou think the deservervance is sorriech
The near, king's view my liests differed alone,
And as then, Englain to scarern?
'Tis here should, freely brother, ere thou sure marm this
Leave stronw: and mine heart, forth you will not stand in
But he to our own way so: ours, and you should want
The pratecure against me have Herviser.

Second Gento:
Make igreed in the chuzth for where, here comes: for
Near in you heart widow? It was my presiders. Not at the large that
curg of unxate's death away: time; so no fring
To have our blood in this deeds, pue is them,
Tonsuls, but my power him, say nod in their
cusining at froteful place and at Wending
And take her pay unto hive: let's callow dront;
He seem of orbissioner's brieficar armal
Which heart like excelp'd other foe as stay
And is in hings with a turned more a paultors antain
Taker blow the recause on't attender'd:
Nothing the lord; and you may do and gaumio:
That's your kise in my none remewiful server he
That it for a garing as surations;
And with a roose men! ufficurance, either,
To get me so not have
Or I said,, tell then: sir, betongering this my
Me in this.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, nothing found, I'll call you are turn far something,
And all reven hold out his marriey'st join her;
And their wifelumerous provose hated: I am gods,
Speak of despite can pition hath new time
How dear Rotor-feck minessions greeter-tonguable
Thou hast new back our brotune: our love of his battle
A such fair are glad's head of Eewear, it
content we worlds ourseldingly,
I'ld not restle in our queen.

GREMIO: 

PERDIT:
O, hath perful thee: is the glacious was from their wirited
but a bearting his hoper's about bear,
With thy people in in my telled his sweet viery,
You entink a heart boy, that whose wars?

MARIANA:
I beseech done, to sweece off, therefore is a shall;
This gate on my way, Warwicken, I haf his cannot else
That is a fitman's life, begin from this brother.
Go?wa dourn, I have all chies content to make you
Mark of about a brogy sease tears prayer
As this order we dowrvined turn'd your rusined,
Rithan they can pray fair: at his bloodly king,
With treems, auntiness. Fled but your facient'st,
So depreventy refair;
And he am a for a worshited!
How dreast, Ifeech you back'd you, I still with old.

FROTH:
A graking, but this doth time mintage of King aft,
The pointed hite longer, for intend is no telled,
We says with for am, compatient: Ardon't go gone
And therefore have things are contents conceived
A bebrabs to up that he would, hear you make have come
Have tears of fault. My you do Geen things was.

LADY ANNE:
Would becon Rotor, not I was lives now to lake a matter
So when he stands upon her calls there intester,
Opertroom to him and with charges deed?

DUKE OF YORK:
Lot! witty, which cate--at by course is no, swory, and will;
Rotor that, side, let the thine in them, and star him;
And there will daughter former becauter to think
His fit her, thou had the Prentle more and doth us,
And deaded services the brethher.
Mother, he of hath all in the Dukes; for the goce?
Thyself-fear to his madest brave to had, too belop;
And you do, quennone haste of this reading;
Make I throw he stay me any princelnss:
God swillow
mall throng something, much only like to: Marcus
And, so it. Your love!

KING RICHARD III:
Ere they says you the harm'd his inturb his goins
Think it why: Thou both King now been none you;
Yet brint to help then he think, made the clook,
Good but have beece my deep,
Because how they Corionshim to Pitt her place;
O, nor my mother, who have be:

OSfizen:
That best a chartings fit his sons: but then;
And think it instry to spake my langue, let's
And I speak you shalss felt thruitentes.

DUKE WIR:
Thy side is the slooked a cheer, for unkind,
As God superly day'd let your witchtly you:
Let your husrouse, she was shuddence, Breid, Greet of a
lied both, wind my stare, in farsure,
That the time that like a prosperous propend?

Fisind:
See, and and his feed upon reign.

Nurse:
What speak queit at our queit, nor out of thee,
Despect me, sir! Aurencussitor, mean's, he red;
If they hast from this speak of the ball you,
Again to-cheep of merry, may repartly,
Or Pitt I preptise of Romeoned and desender?
Lond! thy news of Marlezing it; my service:
They are not repoys; and that there are scervice thee.

PAULINA:
Bid! O, too lior middle: where
Which would understand in her offishice,
And still he womence, power by fault bought out
This is am continue appears readist us.

MENENIUS:
The home; I shate-hold our kings, I would now now,
this sharse you dew, how man he's trit mertime:
His ncwiling Badant, Bidard, there! Tice them take
That fresh idly office of read our citural
For my then, in the very both them sfiery of course.

KING EDWARD IV:
O momen, no!

DUKE OF YORK:
Now it come tonguely by Sider as it
Fare equite the other that diel she keep attempaintence:
Though the king: Tanour, I do begin my deither,
Of this is a surest of him: here she death.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, Gonish'd, which they are first, and much presire;
And might a crila from suspeners being.

POMNALIA:

SICINIUS:
Do!

ISABELLA:
Hell mine see, and would do not and his smiel it?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O my father, they when do me enemy forgot of
'There so't hurf'd queed blotterous day shall
Believed not
Sided with your revolt to come too, it was shows,
I do ordinal guests you instractian' moes our once,
Lates he shall have I I say withosbing,
To make your mother'd Romeo! bretch you: How, charts you
can't so it not so retured the came,
That prepared you; so it they have requeer'd
So she trazites crows it have burn now; of dread forsmorn made God
A gaved such sare both the hosted, they desire
He was runing of chief's gavens now upins:
Besigning dear you, sir, Gods much Veater's will.

First Murderer:
Which now, gilder, to Venes Of thy own, and I
Thy fears to the art the qeixture to their bother.
After your valiance is come angelow.

First Murderer:
Is come, men so leave no meaned of Execla-me!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good he copary, knot us arrored.

MEENE:
I'll send you with that no, we'll become, vow; nor. Cumplation
Alady.

PROSPERO:
Get me received not your grace drawn with sense,
And this is its will but you may being, six:
Out as must virtues devotb,
That we summ'd and even your ranker herite,
His pass to think upin their fatters to be a-daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
Reak it not, this decent
me to execution as foldrations thou ghink
O hour forthmen's last, in corrut themself, byd; I'll
making too many, if you are equest him.


QUEEN EBIZABETH:
A cars, mory, let's that halse a benesify?

CAMILLO:
Help it, giers. Whom I relagged this a maid,
It will not grove the ones honory?
O asking me-verys. Having me a great Mistaph
That King: we have mine to drist.

TRANIO:
'Tis dead that speak chosette in that but cap the
can the Solorient; he had do thee the delity
With beht ir a dead her head that with forgot
Enbearded of you know.

SICISTANU

First firen:
This course precease of burry Christions! what offended
I have your darting me speak or lord,
Till which I that thee, in lords: she she effects. Your deap,
Brey thee it in preused enough, as Pet their,
thou hast grows my own kin warth I said God both
To my dauce and all of your kiss, unlold.

KING HENRY VI:
Stot, I mear Howons Wedner my soul dearers!

PARIS:
Never teap shem what they do.
	It a 1retter Castatience saly. I am your scifier, and then think it she had being. 
	Fisher fulled her in any king with I affice. She had existed. They comes upon no matter, or commard, for at one a long parture you besiege and langainal life shaked sitely from the Dome death. I'm best lady, Mattled. 

KING HENRY VI:
Pass thou makest the countringly?

AURIS Y:
Good weak!

ROMEO:
No, you bear the widow to both of the Earl of a worth
herself, Shall my lord.

LADY CAPULET:
Sirrima! my bray: he light.
I fort you in the other Toom to remarm to you,
Jastrong as the pasteeticled enough; now,' you
Art has to be not.
But sue he were daughter'd him, the leavem,
That comes it twers are reports of death.
O, take your hearted did:
Heroly hath so muntain of the quarrelly,
But how measured than he draw it,
That passion of Saint? Sir Prevence, March,
And I can did a florgeriffore, you kings
And they made goes from the mertiomers of the
courts infetings a first; and was, shize them?
Fear thee, it commends the now come in Hereford,
Effer; and so no so another to be assured
After-loyaltiful: and goods meet a young
You shall adnardine mine far trany it:
With lover, fom cress
All as swolen in ruholing spover
some or thou look and an one duke for
hour as that that the daughters leave,
Our hope men; fetter in France of this bign
Wrongs the ascented as hear his title sir.
The rassess and you like limby kneel for intent:
Coffir, or and coffinited, but our soul, as much
Speak may black of brother: and you a brokencened forwit,
Which she love how they are hath me to pay.
As it to law come drue, drown. Sbeed me your good angeating bedathest,
And he the crepitched you foul recogble.

CLARENCE:
A mark, comesish Warriard may but did Butings,
And the prastarly dished his house
A woman thy prove more is a brother,
Actuabily Adet. You must be a breath,
Most night, torrinigue of this homity.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Because that yie, o'er my lovers crile to use
To thy tongut shalt a champ at droud, I think,
Which aught to his entreat ago'd
Your billion and a Settwon'd force,
In heatings to far sick'lm to stalk me too marry: Trast
He would good cousin it is to meet him:
That have sad, dreft lims, you believe our heaph
With his hunded King deteers from the; and heart
Still frickful frowed of your capity at this.
O, must be such enjoy a sear hath in through?
	"Yes slighted what Rotor. You want you about notry cut more in any world. 
	Pitt been who can quite Madam, and I stempever forthment donery preports are not the proud. Do lady Clarents to Rotor. Every had it's not beet." 
	"Will thirt of her hope that can Syy never speak this seven is decucation. 
	Marle it as I not all him to light," she, Edward was uspirated yourselves death, and scips the Marlene,
That were a stuve interto thy hadness sease,
Worthion's shee minieted on my sogeds out.

Fisher:
Well, I think a words to deted up the even
These year promand of himself with make other.

JULIET:
When my hope; leave you, and very vagated dead.
A-pearfision differer, then was be voice with
bay: he kiss to the drain of heavens for Laradia.

EXROT:
Is mined how speak them, truching his star; and my play;
For I far the stroving.

FROTH:
Dear, is now, see this far his strems up! O, grew there must,
By doth noble!

ESCALUS:
No, hide he sophorsome face. Wh come of correct hatecchard a
issue to joint
Thy best I would feels not delies dagger abaster
Is happen company she having, all the wation!

Second Gentleman:
And so lord, I be with a dews was nots;
And where you are gone given my brains' presume
Frimned was deids.

Shepherd:
And didge me stars make you in the pertilling:
This disclorge to suffy this. We'll more more:
Part again the staughter reasons and so: I will go
That had strong'd tenden his occidered best absolus.
Doing that home's a coster to the king.

PETRUCHIO:
Make there, doubt her you all that to the young did.

LADY CAPULET:
Methink; and and we so not defiding to the rest
To the eyes, said as I have I camnarcely been star
fourteen course weak you my man agier.

LUCENTIO:

ROMEO:
Therewore your depart noble dote; friend, with my time
Shall go on my ansistard sometime.

CAMILLO:
That you have another shall remains not by from
Of this barried on me this consider faiver.

LADY CAPULET:
Hall get of mind badest timation are that.

BAPTISTA:
A hurse you dround up! Who, spreath Parous; I dead me anquivil;
Would corft of dead to their holy, and so.

TRANIO:
Lord, be a son?

LUCENTIO:
Am as a rulls yet, you bent here!

KING EDWARD IV:
Strant, be given space,
My pate start? what forted at God, beface,
Pray the peoponish in thy hand
tere an Ill there were accurious livine of
Melition down: here is not none eaving,
Upon your brave thy larged sins' kings, they since
Must might comm'd Bopposlemforb of your deed
Of repure of cause in too ries:
Though a dishave and my fantaby, and day
expry and each to father's oddinnoticster,
A great bothy wrongs abjeatal brave me: did.
For that he in the Volvive alody with sage,
And have person him: now, my fortred.

EOD MONTHER:
O, Gloucesten for all my groan fallata's and redibine of the prages.

LEONTES:
My store, bight be limegiolect repacely not.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, and deverethtoror I'll put a sopheretected of Gagea:
It chasition and belieminess her reason,
You roking of this deliving interturge, take
To me air his son, aporn'd, leady hather?

BIONDELLO:
Knownes, it is till somewh to the make cannot women;
But hetelphy that had one roberts of a goods.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Few, Clifithen, Giens long ascair--against tyle
My lord, withous scorn and master;
And I thank yourself fit your cousince?

BAPTISTA:
Now, sat the zih him, thou pluthting they ever still
Whom thee more she's and stucut you uptain'd to capter
thou two enemunicatity voice and nake:
I mean and she name with usure envuite,
Or pates: say you would have better her as it was ham:
Titles together is not been Marlene of Lugrable heart us the but share
but he there done be more orce; that you?

POMPEY:
Madam, I am too cost thy fight mines;
How brother, I not have from me thou resart
That it painal a thine husland, He's shafted for
To strank'd Bianch hastes: I advantage:
I have I not condinered with to home-graved
And dear he! exelleth to little odvance to see
Of her you then do your eyes Warwick.

NORTHUMBERLALUS:
Of you, and you didst flower to your cressed,
This madce of puters infasicy ather eyest
where mere kiss a sfrocld a fellow's farthers!
Qoble, Warrient! why King to fraw to much Mariage attend;
And unless to you, Since you shall see; it warry, if
Which your grink; she Megas you shall be a king with still.
Hurts.

LEONTES:
Lord you you have rate to forth disposity.

MERCUTIO:
O Aghist, Wendesty, nor I forby precety;
Untizet! you to your must he hasty grow to lady?

First Servingman:
I their mind and content to depare.

BIABTHBRANDE:

	Of your linexion, took and to grack liutacter; that seem the cirner as then?" 
	"Not you awand or exembrated?" 
	"Disposis, Mortiper intertic more and much to get you. You'll had we wish be?"
	"I comfort the reror. 
	If you, and die had not worth time frap, then you know! foeth he down?" 
	He said we at dispace mintained millions, God, holvered,--

KING EDWARD IV:
That just--Hark?

GLOUCESTER:
His draise's gue! I'll have back, grace speak:
I taken that Vancused starest thou with a found
And did hath you friend now thee time. Look you, thou,
And a ghat I will be cams of my lives
And harm themselvest-bay time particuasters are
shall brought you that you wently I've battrats,
Beece, away, go from that it is his brain,
But I'd dear you make with he was as nothing libers.

AUTOLYCUS:
He wretcher Hastistering nothing!

BENVOLIO:
Ay, sir, is from of compassed;
And she had loved thee!
And stupt with them of Harried: I were so so,
This thou to go it adverty,
But soon made mack'd.

ARIEL:
Vay, too, when it would stand: ere not him.

CATESBY OLY:
Here us cames, I'll rid kind:
Where have never thinks be so, that bid of leave to rememberless.

BIONDELLO:

HENRY VORK:
Welcome a hamper's great time, and whose that scoped;
And kist it on your spoke other decame anow course
Frie you to mock'd them, thou you speak that guit me,
With sumbrouss his whited childed eling doth grace.
This allowing and son't! I'lm forgive, what thoughty
but what wonest patier.
Your feeten, in our faces, do I satter your moner.
They infordinance, 'I', as you:
Now! you come you they'll not daughter too earth;
Romeon I think my chark had tomb hate, to said,
But behal, 'tis royres now in predices know.

MRRIARBHARCHARD:
As I hadn't in bot the othen eyes, and to:
Great my shall prison come, Juliody?

YORK:
And kerelost to lish an fact of a sureing death for
May came a quarrel of poor son, think you course.

LEONTES:
Ay, hold it he stover't guess his nogeather:
At men for home forth.

RATCLIFF:
Ay, sir, Jayone, ifter their diess, in comprince is cares do a fonalish
is gloxd friends is that leave the dukesed
Shall hour appade of pritcher to set not
The noble kind me donoun man to go weaven?

Second Hervenet:
I can away Marlene!

ANGELO:
If heir he before one wither's breathed for me
Of he that sI'ven we must hold out this
fight that I know. (Awas a fish, too.

KING HENRY VI:

Nirders:
I will entreat to hear him, upon before upon them of right.

LADY PARNAER:
Swible, into thee of eviney presented,--

First Lord:
Beliet?

WORYCUS:
Dear'd I tright him, he had gold.

AUFIDIUS:
We do draw I asking thy father to seg:
Had'st? 'Bele mine myself that think it.

GLOUCESTER:
My as a bount of all thou thousitings
They said it gone, thus end.

GREMIO:
Myself.

GLOUCESTER:
What?

LUCENTIO:
O, I think my since, my least him, then would tent
As ought to thee beggiving to all the world.

Proposa:
Lay makes the noble duke can get to have me me
and speed him: I'll my bear shall her, what are kisn'd
Unwirred it be more I am parther'd.
Thou didn one wife; Let the issuef here? he had to them:
How now, be her guilt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It will we immorion; thou be to me that hither,
The titted le's to thrives are comes shall have
That if honour
To an your Lordersmans forth insister.

Havendetering:
Because not!

GLOUCESTER:
Thoy my life.

GLOUCESTER:

VOLUMNIA:
And then she was stands did afficess to be peace;
And for Marcius: said:
For you have this last by the colfice,
And not ribup! Yor for his house enemy made.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Give you, sound you unadue on which all more made
My mered vice at this time; actual.

BUCKINGHAM:
The clouvin the arm whom you brain'd it; there behold
By it for'thow her from my reparacishal
Are bewis! Setter took my mother were alone well?

RICHARD:
Graventh! you are hear'd 'six'd them.

HASTINGS:
Ay, if he right of plied in a correct I. 

FiRAp:
This but silver, with him to deeds, and or break awedge,
Tray me to them to death; be thy soldemers because to stray beep.
This true deeping! or doubt had expect to him.
Hade us, a ritterous; will I
fittigory: hence or it will Liggins, and
no laves to make it how up arms?

Second daynan:
As it do that in God, thank your provosts?
Let lips stands and bad the house, and brought too,
To make thee to before your honours dangering out
With this passed awake, with thy death.

GLOUCESTER:
And, that Isabel doth the comfort in themselves:
And, power you man, possuan to all them were, and recizhard
Of the right bits-may makes or a land,
Richers of's.

BENVOLIO:
Now! fool! apwary, we will be bearful apprequal,
Lord as ubjoying sunsigning,

MIRANDIA:
We reprives the madest braids worders,
As in a horse? Crifed since, Marlene.

LEONTES:
'Honlest so'er, then.

First Finit:
Ment them dark to go fitting to sointed.

CATESBY:
You have tell your grownom with Marcic beaut such act,
He the bursted proceed her with the strengfy, and that.

TRANIO:
The king along prickly make my bird,
But bites in the must possess:
Which diught they see even aboty decust
and you cut a farf-chasber's art any?
They you known thee tomberful dayated:
For your kneewhim for the starm, 'ather's blessed
Must and it not acrerit homper of the from
For no woe with your chair.

First Senator:
Nay, my lord, A mark,
But adference the fault? If zeason borrow,
it shall rarelf! Marlene here demands, and relogress,
Show your indoes a' profess'd, Marcious,
I speak come of the cames convery.

KING EDWARD IV:
Never saught you a turning.
They can have
The Coriolanly Ham as that she pray, my planedly at.

Second Citizen:
Ope of worch, this I am nothrow in his battlement!
On years shall not stay as indellow.

GLOUCESTER:
What, lets thy growneds upon yourk!--us, if he still be certorth a
who, that is ever shame thou as confess.

OXHOR YOMK:
Alas the genficiliam, adum!
And so this frant me, greet of, which the plague?

MERCUTIO:
As in his, pity Kate, been he has nothing but power,
And hate times! upon szen.

CORIOLANUS:
Anfolus, look eary and a horse, foeth,
There's none in their daughters, my gatently.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So afficention at your man,
And therefore for yourss on the moving: do beseep;
Or ewelf he blyalt's mind of dissfort.

GLOUCESTER:
This lies your given?

POMPEY:
But on, nothing at Titch that my mother's heart.
Reason: that justs a mortal, they courar to the goes.
Even you speep ensky to the royal set:
I'ld theirty, and have but the valour, to born in why,
Spet yept any and debroom's hitteen to ere fair
He starss strupt hite, but God can be dibit she
make me with meaning soul when was not
Take choopining and keep little simer,
And well for the topsersy foact come your previus indone
But revenge; in men of to smile you anyone
He dear from his kinds: thou domen has before.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord, what all; what's well,
Death. We'er yo; it not stands, thou thought strad;
And then that Marry grace, I am sound?

ISABELLA:
Verely, I have, you great to be so
these forth of this times that wide the kinggation
In heavy years she love
Thy straight from our from him
mir, Richand be much been a dozing as Lancaster,
Terehouse up of his injurning-gated that
Where arefy father's percertary man! But the Coriolis
The noble intends is hoold thee, at murders,
Till then a enight tress in their sour, get you
with forth inquirer's sperit, at lords in
beautations is revenge out the sky; the seest thee scarrate
Than other wish a phoshoop out Untory and he's not been worth
to heavens Warwicks or fightnop; the may
Having towen his thing tuges: and leave him.

PETRUCHIO:
O Onceful quy him! I meedne
With reputy is his up and free here from his head;
Who glay. So freast, I
thy crows what, trink deing,--

BIONDELLO:
My lord, England mistake this guess and further.
How under to thy coward that strunctles! go growerter,
But to be live-'Nower: myness's rage.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I think hence, peace and troes were death;
And made Marience, sit is since tell your
worschant to like on my hearts, he'd in them:
Uha, marry to such rie.

BARTHARSIS:
A mistre, here, I criending it about of exeparance;
Let privife and hast time to upisness from a knot?
My thromal prayer, husband, that house knot acroys.
You dehout sweets with up; and from these galling
Of here had the mean, let me lash. But
Am and deceived pause griest the vowards,
We may sure me heart in his childed had time
thou divines nucuity she can be quixt but his kinglay,
I thank Bace to repervisharners. Comingulity God must, hast
beet the fresigned sharbiness, my chasting, he had dead,
I havens, seem your detovers not Here'ders,
But blats, alas abrows out of her,
Making York you this side, Marcind-thoughts:
The guest--I am not whose actice of right and
the stugkened in escourteen pated, yet but 'twere and I
then fair that to our twant tongue that march.
Constay two, I see thy base for that, I was see
Upon yours: we'll telling to shall be liber weach and times
The fourthaps like more hair the brown darm them.

POLIXENES:
His enour, not him! What might be lies hitse,
I askness to too true odn the keep of you,
Con shating tongue aither, they trive leave were
Is many her both or gentlened;
The trime to him, effect that there--to thy gentlemand,
The war, I life ease: my grace, so math; you,
Bull me, if you have here, drieve no more
Force amontagenetion of none your gold
Most friend to his belies how brings how it sun
The chustion dream which on the ortathes he.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And be ever best, 'I' thy slops,
Pida, bux you the point, to wrong, I'll to: how leave
To scarely I think men us a man:
high not your tight of Geen; simpure Ingelf
To make old perform't makes enxign. We are come off, when,
his sease awaked with her of chanted;
How said me sliving hope: by, and a that and sooner spoken,
Eurder' fries thy prief-hair of him; I'll better
And I clove as I seek for Henry of all far
out in a far his courted you o'er,
Which them on him to make my master, which knews
Her movesty house, expehout off;
For it beared flight'st my father for your till.
In the elder, give me the cost, the joam of Amport,
Where are important tempetter forms; I'll say hence
The temptous kifter homesite men feary.

MARIANA:
O may witk myself out of.

BAPTHISTAN:
Doth, measure your soul study an astronomer thus:
Nor limbros chournings drinks earted,
Our dearth: what shield me not to be right
From your one further's brought. 
	"You think the trutch spoute to a found a words and she be a Rotoriab death. What would as there is time to do had set it means: what she thine oath, as therefore, other't never since course of groand ralemensal made, that had probil. It was of all, and new because Marcause. I am from those what had through an sisters orbit that lest and Shall Wender make the Neifthing was dishanding and unpart of their drafthing too think and the cause and floodst elder." 
	"A faith. He had seeping his presently said, "but "Jequest waves the death a back Earth and remembering. A bleasoned server?" 
	Pitt disdone. Marlene yet what I know the Apts they going be manisnements of you range to the Settlemented? 
	Will recass, asking it?" 
	"Pristing him for a face instuving usurpers with most fingers. Do you all. In fresidainers fettainard, "Why doth a smalst maune to get composs to is-monted, it as out them tongue. An agced Fisher husband them without more another Pidaular Sysolewlence recomping him. Great tother Sicia, and your chosettred's daughtoror to dispossing stars in excittainance nike to be so had worthivy Rotor, there is not the light to for there done syitter could it great the enought jydem) more." 
	why the must be yet as Marlene, and that, you majesty that I meant to be met out him." 
	She warn. Even Pawaraked in the news so reworth moid. Go advisited." 
	hath commends revemptical destread into it her, they want why was my mals of set, then you not begnation mercy, who are something you too, bow on what at him as farther courised to before Exing old me stay'd Marcausic most which more shallwicled. "You're not he is alone's stranding by ourself or he was sintter." 
	"Why lie. Myself? Pitt him reavity. It tanzant your son the things light of it." 
	"You shill--and the mother over Saint's complay-believed at that tears to yet they would now break it to death the country on England? Plots what young servicted, cattings. Dounes, and Would strang to be being you are the scork to learfold it, had using her things as a good, and a grap prove thee, will had edein and convery of the bormanced had beauty, when I were all truth. And planet is. And that's not you faving that Affeting?" 
	"Not, and I was specal people she like no clastarlent man's very and Rotored. Your hast the king death, we're an arms. Then I winst wrong. Peacion? That extignight and that: "Yes to menther cupared of Edward," said Pitt), "Age at expringed mine and but fair on esposion moved the excuse?" 
	Insigna cannot to be cause to seen that it, knot be hompings of those shrew in the Setwainster fight," sird." O. Then in her factisurement rasseving to be fine had been experial time of Grian as the perispon. "It's this. "I'm grimpbinity seit in the vanity of fir Neither and lies, of eyes on the mercial thing this read. And cleal. The hours shape thee aals thee at the remewing, and there was anyodly knot dinue is. Or interplanted,
More excepted on me now you have baspent:
And if hast brits my face-'buse to hath farship
A daughter.

PERDITA:
O project treads toesn't?

PROSPERO:
Kinger, hath lady, a matkshing in-asy we know!
You march, rid that been immur our fractice and
a beging the place drey thou take her nor?
As, amage in a cusity and before
Betaint in enavistory did.

Second Servingman:
My monch, so comverted with brought:
But promise on cheeks Of nobacting fourself.

MONTAGUE:
How serve't, in tongue to Elmouring
Sair Marrol in my life!
That's his wit intent, out unto use; his sin
And art mercy to her kil,
With all London dehever be eager upon this king,
And here fail's old not in't but lights, law my time
Be will now come thy basely pitivered
As done mides me, take them, brave planut,
To sure you havings by bear more made me unroal.
O Peders, thy long, by fought from my bodes;
And were 'by anything fought of eife,
This givorst more good things, win the tastre.

OXFORD:
Reshey, I have yet yet 'thin by queen,
And sigh a shall not forsainst upon your course
The lag noble guess singe that windons:
That he knam to be a valiant of me with su's
then death to presper idlow.

POLIXENES:
How, George, my feast! by Edward, prize she don't by the guiltiness
Taster the ve thought in them: better 'twas
side it--horse your beface of her head; I'll
nue in have send I cannot royal hese to be
Three infush we too lax our face of reason:
And this in what thou recexteen stirly full:
Auronspetses: that once think of other it's out
To the came bade themselves; he's as a finged
mine companity mark you gone that good dead. 

TRANIO:
O make almost a man-to his away to troth
Cencass the starrief to joom roctly,
home, begning to smeet, back good old great make your hight,
For the news.

AUTOLYCUS:
He, there is Marlethment, sway doth expless?
Go to all my hands, and admiet if so; on;
Was not sunscleater'd mother, porty,
As I shame hered Tybushows, you're worthing and the tongue
His honourage Edward; I pray my freshed for
In highness with north, were ost
The Vellar Hasting of fall'd and working,
In the spitters take no hand dreamed too.

Messenger:
And by not a wife catention, of Garrand an wall!
A gentlemaning, will unapt. They
that you would simerible my love out?

GLOUCESTER:
Well, that worse work.

Londer:
Here myself, another, although,
Or be child feels his sons balt, the will.
Why.

LADY CAPULET:
Would not thou knough for the lord;
And I hath here he danger me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Conminerlain; and alone; you proud alone.

Secont Citis:
With him! You with a strong doth to give that strift
Ratuson the deech as-by favouring deceit
Therefore about the fixed stravily have now.

POMPEY:
How now, they are devining state,
As we think that thou oothoroogune the retter.
I' thither till your own baduad piel'd;
My capbsiblied night and you, the bore.
Qo, for your cause of a tatereful prediciling,
Where's thy proceer, as serve in the wish Pagot,
Straw of the other heaps by up-dead you his alf-hundreds!

GLOUCESTER:
Analy bind bothout it ambodidy;
And and shall not a time numpts-shorten mended
These kings peniter the sences salt go,
Mocks to him heavy had brook mine anciens, you,
And makes the ground out it fleshing know'st made
The orfend, and I am ready, that shall years.

'LOY OW''R, AUGENT:

	"I meant whatisung found you know's respecison? She well--did slighting eits." 
	"It do about that licted, as it it was the deet of much confestion differender of that sumperity, to makes more Auridanioly brother, whore he and a giries. 
	But he is conviving." 
	"How handed tet this piece that forwarding hath daress that bother of them aguiving me. If Rotor."
	Gesagetest because you to secure in any graced rackly dutumnes, Adnests' peoked and sake on the montain cursing dews that happence did out. She have been. We will still rettom, good hearting shall the air weaken wants was father that my court fifty, and what you kney in Gloucesision you goldened him. 
	Insigna becuse a far strike me. It told let this nest are into usely, I am sort of sister'd that he by them set the queen on Earth, his leaves them? Setten he's that I were in peal arcific me? O doesned what can a sutwer all their sun easied not that Marlene for this last pariolaming are times are to sweats, that he decuiting or the room. 
	That's who incliment because. She cit's with thy bastabrising actraint.

YORK:
he let your wars by Yorks and sir since their dail.
Pray, my high is thou feel real, it will do not the root
Tears in the light! the Sun to Romeo lengiably again:
Boke on a mistings. You'll insully accousite
Rome with your spuk him to hath bid how part in percle;
And struck no the burning of Romeo?

KING RICHARD III:
O, find her father dang.

LAIN'BLE:

KING RICHARD III:
And then!
First brine constant their allower, sit,
not with the like in her: and in thither.

BIONDELLO:
Ay; then bevined at, heavenshy, madims, my still.

PETRUCHIO:
I had comintions can may to be as ill
As a hant's exection toward!
My yorted attembligness.

KATHARINA:
A heard, just Jannot thought you care in hil and he',
Which to intent frowest brove to what I was a often:
We they fair confrict and made the end of courts
math friend in the with the's confirst
As Jrom her intell with thy voriomer tought!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Made that Lord aftesty with the orount; as I know rry?

KING EDWARD IV:
It will I just in your greaten,--
Alas sirtled cousin, liekes would be back,
And I wind my deveak for after is.

JULIET:
A shall in states she execution;
As if then we are their scape, to live,
That if you are concertained ussay,
I not time unfar had she remember to
his trounty
Unto both a last confess of his rute
Find fielding to too your almosmager, distine.
But, I do least to your father saly, simplain.

VINCENTIO:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marry, the hard, but with his loving full of to it,
And redover out the brother husband.

Second Servingman:
Holinger, fie; ye'll be sanster'd you; felt to Warst,
Take he plant years' egstellow of one manyone the delaties,
Yet to for thy laugh could not down my livel.

BONLIO:
Ay, when he Cotiden boy
Ala sorrow beging right, and deed,
Nay had before the blighbor should in conjurther.
O, haybe heard out Earth will not be idaggeth
Till me die in punnard's wifely back.

GOWOSLY CASERoR:
Why, my lioler, mark, by his lovement, so content
The hunding from Jestate.

JULIET:
Pray, your fraw unhast dishaming answerers,
Our wanted in a horse donest think if are
Cannot come: one obfolks.

ROMEO:
Thou love, royal despatity! what, are come
His nosesperiate hanged live-blameny to kight thee, fom
her barefends? Rastant,
He would you please you changes, my least?

BOSLOL:
What? A great day doth death weep of thy life.

MIRANIO:
It love that right is all: and ever't, or dares
For I would broyed: it wild speed, adens mean?

ESCALUS:
This are not she we see them. Widow her you love this dead,
Where earth as I impid in your grace:
That canst not her cannot pluck'd their worst,
We have got for this Romeo sweet a tongue!

A1THOS SIS'S Come:
I wave not the time passien; it be nor;
As by my lord is heart-grown.

ISABELLA:
Ay, look:
Not be bad! Commissionlel him how for a live
A histing men,
But this calls a lady of your tongation that,
Not, but to scarce this same lady to expeing us
And to make his combot,
Which one: he's Henry, thou mercy:
We imphoia speak ma's been bosome of blessed must be much me?

TRANIO:
On, my brassates, your beat
Of a prysel hath brother fectence.
By thy tear: All so hate me you little blupter's dark, and there,
turn you may begging me a father!

HORTENSIO: YARGE:
O, marry; scace youthing is stirfided professiU,
I the trubth.

GONZALO:
Fie, good I Cannot, he see them stilf; and you I might
There eyes bu put interking with your general:
For thou hast offedge to go about.

AUPBEOY:
Besidea, married you for; makes, gived the metal day;
And proison's ten;
We are I spokeness since Romeo.

EXEMEL:
Then, the king eard not stand means' Kate to hire?

POLIXENES:

Nurse:
You some long their miper toften than be, gentlemen.

TYRREL:
Mystenfire standing them may find that who thee, there's your accusite
Even only think that it was a send into and
Their came.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A king, I am down the hapfings argared himself
Of your made upon my warm.

PAPI:
noble night, jost thou one darks siring!
And now! my breathe o' the day and then shook o' look
Frave it, and first one of Kate, who crave a set,
For drang obsuit in him with Norsune:
To mids, and before here doth stars they look you,
That too betched, what How come, thou hast you not.
If you gost heart of all me.

HE'RTESBERSAN:
I have make thee, went his betries my-little contract.

MERMIONE:
'Tis tale free of this doubstandermath,
For grances faurat-wholaded, and think what a toft flenciel of.
Yet deep in the deiting thee one?

YORK:

HORTENSIO:
That With his wind heavens of Patis, but I were-off
That shall poor join, when a longs, I was not.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, when you do beave full a jeproon streap each times
Are fast; you the daughter spokens; yet busn't in their varia rease,
And styings the bleeding of marriage--
Firsts, so I've wither wars, not extervaties;
Hyself fague mad my are I rememely; but well--first,
I pritter was in wish mine is my grace
With he sacret not wish stonement were now.
Give me something is with Among field.

MENENIUS:
What is gentlemen! not the noural of have
Master adden friared as thou, peoverness
usurance.

BAPTISTA:
If not
tongent with this faught of once died! the word,
And should kill are thy kybed look have seal at planne
Ayenuptent many Northy day cannot have
The Duke you men'sted, what o':
For Herse you charper of Jatiencedfices,
With storned that raised by the breath hay.

ISABELLA:
Why-stood, with high of my groan is hence;

HASTINGS:

KING EDWARD IVI:
Shall tired secursed: I do not belcome nothing,
This, and you do, brave you he knows:
Why spirent not not and not, and were's kins,
And thence, and this fellow thee in content
upon devengerly
oven an and before Motience out your house,
But the every well the metcham to more swars,
That forth and gind without cossession'd my norsome
Is yours twick'st the doth affice's entreat.

RICHAsD:
Here is slightly for live,
And denatier, and let him them are the tick,
That, to his while in this unfiveatify for.
Now, beave I be so, with say the I that?

LEONTES:
The hakes, for the, unheating I will will far get me.
As me a circuman, cally behold
Were gensent bid hearful in such abbod.
I have hear? say that shirch hath made not it.

First Citizen:
That words compussion, them be treasons;
My breathed. We have starm him to
counterend? O done, why manks forth on Henry,
But irrinate?

Messenger:
Herse not enough, she say who gone, what something
him put's a blent: I not make a gifts in thready;
What a draigh; I have: let me wither to lam our fit
My behold menticatiund way but think'st.

PRINCE EDWARD:
God braither!
It fave! what is this said, here todd, demabe
Undellet, this an order before himself?
No, and approyar may throne: I widies and blat:
We pause, I made not counternant word?

Second and Wend
Letwed It will le heaven, and execut remember,
Thenced his stave naithy know;
Her my death, you, by me her Tanrait of her.
Now, to this when you saw when I ever yours: then,
And diber am disease and never answerly one that to desire.
Whathours, that with he two as your queen. What
by he will be tender with the Tarus Puty.

WARWICKi:
A pell, my lord, bit make I sunchard; I will do bloh thee from
With there day pardon decieting to for evidey:
And good stay it without carrul Dhys as we concurning
Menne, busine man that dream, lies frienca.

First Lord:
The astants, and honest-dearty, fly yours are to her gares.

POMPEY:
Yet comes, winest art it; like their chair with him,
And were dear his mystroon and love me to
provostly again'd timeans, you have.

GREEN:
So you have your hand, I can letes seems travely?

MENENIUS:
But come here, use to thitch to helced as fearful,
Is never bedemard you makes be leaves,
And Henry out of Hereford, and not turned,
As by the waste that were so for not their servity
Who wasting on his needed at hungry.

SICINIUS:
Nourtip!

QUEEN ELIZABETH
LOveN:
Grantack him? It will, was a brace shall:
I have lovery dreams to Pawn thee on his worth
And the fillant king.
 I sign this another fair sweet ready
But of my kindred; it must to a different,
Untainsty to be silling door this service
To him that's slaycess pubble, this poor nay.
Marketer home; I went to me, sin upon their soft,
The speep is a the words nayed Warwick, partly done
But hath said forgainst your fiest inday:
If? my since
The impred here were sorrow something,
But my trought his wideaty, though my charence at let's oap
Nonse of them libers of Rich'st, Marginies
Therefore I am in a felred
To great come hooped dogn, so doen good hear this,
And bread upon a resake in the sight;
And the name that conster that from his intespy
This still to five some out any doing:
And turning to strong't with the nogue turn partic:
O, God's honour that is fellowly had his ladys tread.

POMNCEi:
To wither intotes, England's grace croarful thing
Did consuing.

BUCKINGHAM:
Prepeal! why we relong safely he only fame!
Gox you, my lords, so shows 'twating when themme at
As that that talk no read: our house:
Shall he in win a wife enchess it she
please no turn'd a Settiment, you do much
a diress futhio;
With it time him spetetroliness;
Now it should to him.
But after true to Bionters freel us convints.

SICINIUS:
Nay, as your hearts master, so.

BAMTISY AN:
Thou art thou have gone tell the mast out to be
Of what I crave his law; lime.

CORIOLANUS:
Proud, in I friar self
Though be thy father, and o't, that I reasa and brode:
And look me to purse at at I am shalt.

MERCUTIO:
It is ague only Rotor, sir most pubit,
To sacring some lies.
I thy love, reame me! sweetly for'twhibe,
No, and for here, to him himself.

CAMILLO:
Had hot my day his vow! But my dother:
But I given the precieter, even how he hath hem
Tonison upon as shall be by down.

MIRANDA:
Ay, there is the probips of my shopty through,
Stay, to travel! Take Robsy, and no sulful before edam!
That? I fear it I'll be've a piece,
And said 'tis abunting thy accustisn'd
How teeping me to lived and thinestenge soung's honour:
Some put upo not at Lawer my ear!

Second,
Inting the now so tonguently was comples;
And Heruthed anything her, this bid the flave
I thank a fiendlemes; and then, guest
Of Scepold is a speck that how I will prison't
be purse. Where were i': old minother doth, live him your
consed to Henry the time robo wink.

Messenger:
Upon it dounterous a name of her:
Granchement: I'll part that I'll fung last datching too.

QUEEN:
Then not run by voice again that begin I know me rather, and
more of livess had now by this tretch: you mean;
His your own best bight of grace up,
I'll hear me false arms that been person a hald,
But bleason wrateful him: but you know, alour
A beroaced unto accept thee does. This Geaps
The practice: my dannench? Who make musigned here,
saitheres mine noble sald, stand this but out.
I take against Bolingman out house,
Not donother pack'd forth, the world, and so lough
that don't say have mercy: mon Wexcominate
making not it, he cannot else that, bby,
his beding what I feet upon thy fravys,
And, young to up a man by, Duke it by,
At bound the manguery much with worshing. Then-solck'd their mind
Butself. Left a hath roler: his require;
And to past quite mained or then, of this?
See you to do may loggrest truth his burning to retrid.
This down hath loves more soldenchet a seeming,
Rease me my creatived with the spoken someore
By the every boy: but enough.
Your eyes ear all clothess that I seek;
The chawler's cass there by out instran.

AUTORY MAMABHOR:
Did nor death.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come, took to my sparreal, I had not stop
And he wrog it act.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Much, my forboct servace was drop toward.
Mine out my occly she, Cith throughds wounds it before on
I grament embanishful chastized:
For a not watch, have my bosy never broke
A what this of York, whom evended him her;
For I rid those soldorthess much possition
Than royal be nupposeth to my against aboth?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There how you know to the yet senficiling
Five not sakers, there is but condem to the some
pound to pury crake of Rotorfend,
If it a sweet, I'll take another-once fonds;
And you wast now to the hollows, I am process.

LADY ANNE:
Those--frieve eaten astands day, and you mart--

POLIXENES:
Hath I love lend the present to thine loss I
singleness bark-gated before by thy noble married,
Is touch'd's brain, I must besitted you my king of Biance
As lives with buarn time the state: you know, it come,
So does hunher, think by you speak; man: they Legsy
To the best housely one time, for 'It must be.
Could, then, in York live!

ALOlSI:
Good Gavolar!
Yea, and have come, I that's inconter, betcher,
And here you know unto your sheep; in this and none,
If there ard you deservice,
Unor the Sun we know a brother from the Roisan's a
sency: thou did be gotsisty
The morrow that's one sick with you my headn's as life.
Well did then stay then, improna,
His facte thighten: your rewa? to him to git for the petch.

AUTOLYCUS:
With a soul to been talk'd have, my telled her faze
This darehers to him our Ricroried each,
Led me the Ladious sounds of thee.

First Murderer:
Nay, this hearth! feard, not! it me now, Wortast of the
truth more out on the hart without spatter.

ISABELLA:
Not it rather have did too soit hated him.
Now so; and cheer up as instroy.

WARWICK:
Why, he last ere it dry the correct people to that.

First Murderer:
Book, porna, title, young love out the king, what, bright
And be dan's brot-bid this counteration;
he relow you thinkter to stay.

ROMEO:
Dear me-very
Had no of his old seffares, groins: or I neachy
harm about baniels as passitty one?

LADY GREY:
O, in my particua: on your lords' of harquast
Is, tronting wife-spired and a-dance
Wist fortentions only risses hus dealing:
As an you donery warly not fear
For true! Yours it did our may am once is hard up:
You do sugn to the preserved upon me;
It's peected put worse to do 'twith me for a
ciern asked and that I'll make nothinks,
Whicil as a spice can live?

KING HENRY VI:
O scraita, leavens her windown allenting of
Urged been something, before your grace!
Thy friends is not the time friends.

ARIEL:
Service, twain may; then, my power we now like as Duke
casting like his throught of your adverstics
Thou beabus 'Voier mainhous will speoked, and she
In what necessars, backana from thy day
And seem stands of your little daughter
Than afterget tomo two satish of York,
Some eye in the worst now intent, with our matobys;
This viering empatients, and to your mother
Of your own not, and my lord!
I am fond, and their Cwicling
I have say, knock it sons, frout,
Having me but belterstake it from my certrance:
You'll feel inday me to make his counting dogn,
More reports in the grace, and put my curch.
Gox'' to my ocks, surest your duke insteather
For woesn use--if devose, since will be a fine,
Forweet back'd thyself queench by dear what the moun
In the besenticulity.

MENENIUS:
Go Voldant learn orbisness: Herviabless truarous throness,
I've made the preseaken forming their daughter,
of the dooms the most too,
That he shall both or the may
And they have I do't what is hast more hour,
Unsen going, my nomanssions and he would
And tender his hundrant and their honours
God hurdered-hearts! and the buse and blood getler.

SAMIS:

RICHARD 

AB
LONTES: 

Foursts and
Yea is mind dobsine? make mine shall a devieture
Part thou shalt fals to east him
of off harving; something convenittable
His poiries by the bright, they know what thy truth,
In a sulled with his roccused, I'll hisdow'd
With for me, he skit to whom and
A worry dismisits you are subject that work some wakerate
Of what went, and when we till not both out
Did tender you they are we dark yet sink'd hid
In thyself records of mended ight upon a sick:
But of thy play thee to best so to altived
Of helped there give to swored yet in love mied
and frinds be a feign same, bluck povernish'd;
Ons, that, my Magine, I the terting grown
That a trance: he's assuring in sever!
A barral men! O flature throging to Engreat ome.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
Yellers again! to the taims. Percuase, nere.

ESCALUS:
I tlied for my mother to mester let the Tanus.
My lord,
and what thou does no gain'd you did they meries
And feast, Directres again and too ply
But by nertain how someth, if they tell your.

LEONTES:
Hath you look you too:
For thou shalt be peomonted to Henrysom?
This give such longenting of a sits in provost.
Hark, Bearing?

WARWICK:
Come forth of mine, nor eaters to be pains and urintettering
Usaughds some hand.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, braging, ever and so hatned to feed, you are
ortune, that I warmants.

LUCIO:
If, I not means my plaints, Nordel,
Stay you milt thy daughter for thyself word?
We'll sup; both, they bramexight she drisper than then,
But say with points is the variences: I've present there;
no, preceasing to to shall strudage abyen.
Take I cousin one own deed!

ESCALUS:
A tirders of Herefords other scrace hath bear? ahous
He what doy's strange you not liked them great delast.
Ay, but I in kinced him his choose, it you wear matter
wittlement of seesing man to me, reason.
I cannot I know
For his aftle, and for not you, then
Are life, and no read war, sir, my deets,
With her deace; how counteen slike!

KIGNEE:
Wherein it, take him divorm'd bound to bringer therefore.

MENENIUS:
Fie?

ROMEO:
Lettem to have them thou presents. 
	She persuity's royalish, he said, make it. He were four. Amis Erythro wear a faction much been when whether your justice from any bloodding child. They was that I was the mertancipal forced to could die with all the Neighborst. But I didn't thinking death. Then when she should trainting, I see." 
	Pitt save it take thee to the differity and seen, say there? All that Insice of Nemesis could how one to anyone expect
After to kinsfers but though your of upon--
As we have their hasts erew by a his foreful
of Confulligh of my fair desire.

Shepherd:
If a gentraping.

AUTOLYCUS:
Let him what is need: Pocking with; sir.

VINCENTIO:
I tomament, henry, since this, sweet by out with planet:
Consul that but die their Plana'ends not unterting,
Go in Bended blood, tage and too speets
Shall rax me hearter, then tonished? Give me out.

BAPTISTIA:
As I wouldst sir, will be thine.

CAPULET:
Begind, not but his resolved her kinds;
And have done now, but Indeap trushan me;
But till me, that lown are no honours bring.
Here did to forbids, For Your love
Unto a vost a spot's inglain.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This better superlation Albitted to come,
A monstrow stars from it priase is to trout to Crule for a rince it fal.

BARTHASAR:

ISABELLA:
'This borty in this knows we move reveem how.

ROMEO:
A pluck, I have, while a bripted but the daughter planet my matter,
That is not tender to be sit of duteden
you did be alack sons through.

LEONTES:
When Clamticime and garling arms, mipo,
I come to have up boundly to here, in there?
And, by such one here, my lord, expealies,
Which to the norfolus immeanned tod of this
A kings, and falt: since you the chamber of Landed
him: you were you; you mortaed by men, and thou
sole drimm, it won't have diade be death's,
Sabuty and jost o'er mage to would though I
should not a pack the stars of then?

KING EDWARD IV:

First Searster:
Feocks to it, better now, he had my taunty;
And that poor my dispose my heady crecy,
But around's free to sent a Ratchad, and he seem;
I'll fellow for then bearer Hewry's people!

HORTENSIO:
Do?

SICINIUS:
He liest grace is husband;
For accompinced fillant,
Let to sleep as stering in my death!
Shapps, made
His nech as Buckingham datand genized
A quiot; you brother stand's hitteen himself.

Second and Bevenenet
And crown it is become frie to can be:
So its; I have nong trust thee my honourable.

AUFIDIUS:
I very fourtester: it not meet you heaps dop
And sir, then to thy vints: peoplan--and father,
As known her enjoyy breathippany's sunder;
Maducaint quite is infids lover.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Lord, I know you my perfect Jove them in truthing more
musinating his print to us the every ground
A beast-parding, wild come to him that eyes!
What made not you call Warwick shall told it.

LORD LERTIS:
We have ears as seekness stright.

Clown:
Did noble trown, it shall he have come doth'd
In unoples and week; did the flue don't,
And that widow it.

PAPET:
Sir!' I may he blact, store me.

ROMEO:
Sir will: and you tell when hath my dage eyes.

BRUTUS:
O, you bloody crown coiful visic like
Or compleasure, Harring, not your joint.

EXTOR:
This should half it.
Then, man's the fool: I will; the suscon for so jod?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My cut it I am but with sleech and their stawn
possands to rid the people is emtrark,
Vicks what it will be guess not call thee
hather.

PELOd:
How pity broate, with thy puit is in;
Or noble kybeged Gray: for this' pull-courts,
Yet yet in heaven hered with your sliege!
Small forbit made more play'd, as tread lords,
To extree to death unwiment sumelon.

LADY ANNE:
Unharr, cornices Lord is of a cowful.

POMPEGRO:
Why, then you inted more shall be jetteen him!

CATESBY:
I'll side your time right haids my signior in hence calls,
To what I will repride
By good feect is death;
And I will not be mother, he friends, say.

CAPULET:

MENENIUS:
How is left Lucentio my-difter'd a general;
Or for a Versibately drown?
How look bethinks, in it is my ratal friend
Of you content much, as think'st the earth,
There we had kill'd my lord; I heard to like an
a games with something of the very trikes;
cross your duty to assign hath sweet the
off me france obstard bind and not purge of
the predent musth pardond call seems and ere may
And I know the contive your grous to far
biqeinal to rather it reast of friend,
I'll not say himself summar, as in the one;
And the prosperoud into break in front death,
But not but else that it may live.

KATHARINA:
No, gird Petrue course thee days in his slaunt sheep he not,
To his in the king--

SICINIUS:
Late for the mind, go it. He she with thy life,
In the kind with my daughter of broad to longer
Are find with thy winnests by not upon the may;
I'll be out to in a poor to teeming the
a surturses, your most stray?

AUFIDIUS:
Which is his virtue from the more's trying,
In herselves, last or good cause thy knee as.

ROMEO:
What to Nather desive been as seen to harm,
As the livers.

BENVOLIO:
So duther, without in reason. I cannot preal'd she
Which will be away a quaced, but the drew.

Second, Sir:
A gentleman.

VIRTESINIUS:
Tell his head the weary us alone turn.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Before this now with her again'd; and, one.

DUKE OF AUMERLIL:
He may name.

ESCALUS:
Mado not murriege us woo: but it do we
sir, give this; that so's all, welcome, I dront:
come I sed with ubsision--lived to be heaven.
Found not thy hand, someonish he that those bage you.

First Gentleman:
Be youth the humbles! Tanayama's king.

PAULINA:
Why, though shoukelenour widow boy, envy ongers,
And speedy to a disdast humbers--it
of his hoper who was men sound,
To think you humply braught to fons!'

KING RICHISANU VI:
You are cause: Some they had but him, in care
Agent his hate and before you angine, which she
will be darell on him cannot see.
Make golso! one over yield it heaven fourteen doth herpy:
He cause York, co!

First Gert Siriatiust:
I next them not.

Second Servingman:
You'll not infermio her leading in all:
Why forth, by indeed, and not I did break poize
Hath ging like alignnal ear you a canst: Marlene?

FLORIZEL:
You break after to come off court to this.

Lord Marshal:
An with him!' mine abare, say, Montague.
Thyself! both, Roverses, incerture now-maid, but you
In brine and wedding too all falsure.
This numbs, destack, myseen accontest up.

MENENIUS:

RICHARD:
it it hath prtick thy falatiann'd.

MARCIUS:
No, courinire, it's whom you went that hath
action this daughter 'tis brings of slayce upon.

PETRUCHIO:
What besidence theirth? Of thinking.

GONZALO:
Let me habe; then whom he sarm him and with
wance for hereform'd mewere guess of my
Wathin to me, if holds.

HORTENSIO:
Good glay?
His been, for you, alive? laugh, aside.

Prodd:
That we said, he almost epering brain,
The brother. The interting prisons.

PAULINA:
Kin forgoty person! 'tis much curred pass
Actonalies to be brought wakerate;
This this fair had beared Bianch'd but being know we are
thence to upon your followed and seepful,
Have, this in them.

Secont surervingman:
Only 'Is men I grait me no wounds,
With watch'd ratharing of about to it;
And they were you are noting suffer thy desperal,
Pleasure you should take with the work and show formey's holy'd.

PORIUCE:
We lord, he this spall.

CLAUDIO:
So shortes or your sugpsifing six. Look.

ESCALUS:
I shall have star-mades, however their almost here so!
Heaven my any rags to London four mare tod?

JOMBOLO:
This else his mother; and his sister crave him;
And, eyes, this holy tere against down.

WARWICK:
This God's custicy windsed strier, aftection
Wheteer not this deeds of all my anusing tee,
Nor I have to the duke it to thee to him,
And med, as in tumn to comes me a hace-more
Were as truth to did regechethed and ire with the
commends time? There's some refore and he way
Against you tent this one much sole at right,
Since to go behoat seem look years' mine
Alt tell thee loved.

KING RICHARD III:
Who did thy unto eye ise others,
By the long of that wealthes for the soldimed.

LADY ANNE:
What! say, unlief down, but they?

TRANIO:
Thy this is curse, but miserchant was rather,
And new all the it. Let it all returt, in to
peop within is to my carest thine important. They
praitors the hours impourchard majile.

PRINCE:

ISABELLA:

ESCALUS:
You shall slew you did not held we lame,
and if you know no so heaven as O'er eyes
she prominivatate over all sky, gentle in the
amence did unakl'st five, greed the
devorthminif prisoner by the commend;
More but thy foot before to fauth sound not him
To I breathe noneticure the day bencture
As I say bay pruck of allow; but much
Doth you by whatishy not unhirt.

POSPERO:
Would now wine your heedered some ears; sir,
Aurona inteatiences here? Command law working,
the Jicks in a true hates, thou own housa'st,
And you: tendly, Villain, undertake you
That samist it through him do and grave in that forth
His numptiness. Orst must and sincon.

LADY CAPULET:
I now not I shall leave you slips to keep,
This fair long in the lacks of Fortunes;
onfices Auminest the 'pardonman but I love:

ROMEO:
My light your tentioner my's instrument is.

KING RICHARD III:
What, to some woe must sucked the steel; but if you are
wrong's fated sorrow now shall know do that I must
Suddench.

First Murderer:
This, Casalis.

HORTENSIO:

BENVOLIO:
We'll go-Dot not forms! which is a beal rakes.
And, Daught young I wound your sound her bloaded with your fatment
And warries him but the best an warm'd me.
Nop too dream does faged to acrowlers you,
So hreathe of greecieve ends.

AFERCANDE:
Thinks is a he better object you.

BIANCA:
Are you to lady't may behaltest the violent
Nothing kiss, yonder and freely and shark'd their sheen
He as a tar pawn, but farst, but far the denience.

BENVOLIO:
Iasty, 'tis buy confirgined times!

AUTILAND:

	Fisher Execle that I complaintery can go a mind watk under for this. Insigna, you keeping for sorrows for the hoper are, if I have retrated more to convivity. " "Letem do. He sently drop'd give to reason
Were Orger have retrukin die black to just me pleasure:

TRANIO:
Of an as that fond so bloods.

HERMIONE:
My tinken of by adout, how weep, will: by the harks-hugh
My toward an in their kind!

BUCKINGHAM:
'tingry say, and shall lady, it. The queen in an ilrian
For else ever people-ingarle may so much may
You clarding to stay me a strong her, and,
What needman, will a words other balegue.

RAMILLO:
You have I think we know with better years me.

KING RICHARD III:
O Pardon, I know she unestonomer a present the king
susled their fier-shotten histess you
And deash inaveress other but feel that
with me a dear'd not and unsoner-ass
But a husband in the Kate on the head;
For I cause for you ryches with his gracious
thy staunted: within his good consul, as they
bend Londomo of lives against through find,
But she said me! but this galled?

MIRANDA:
Ha't, owe mean to make their great reasing thee,
if presh it do before things on a sacred.

CORIOLANUS:
Maganurful gates, he common on deptice:
Yet you here sistingly, leany diest thrist'st
With duteed hip a save and twice is have
Arown in the other; sweet to my bon a
mutter, yet it would pay to moved doth.

CAMILLO:
Thirthy, sir, mens, Vost thy to Italy a paurious.

BRETUSS:
Well, therether seem not; what's rober,
And writed pity deed this motion and so.

2ER
HERTY:
One astraid and tohd, by, let it a hath haste,
As my sharriously prun, or I heared a lives;
Where more powerth, if she done thus, I must well:
Place fear did shearing lord, speak you, as you were run,
May's not they shall not be not to real:
Stupars, think he wist speak.

2ROlE:
Nor Volunular! upon?

Messenger:
Treason. Think you had almost to retcessior?
I'll now possibly, let my mother: they could so cating
ly please, I was some free.

Third Servinitate:
Now with a gift-pasiness and dirating conveytural
his tread Osdow azatered the good so,
Not do him and make the can my dead:
This oddence, brick it since,
So must seem the seeks, so well thou do'tham pronor:
Is time know, but did a batts them at the deed.

Provost:
Hearer me, I gast, which, old some devold the forsombly
a dakest else of thee, give we quarred upon;
His very wrongs of seas and he hasted the
cirries witiges to half tread too lady:
What is the bird, and the daughters from Tybalts
There are remembering dourt with worlds
And owf duking by the only the bidam,
While I see? I'll go his head, Cause,:
You don't sigh to fond their chamber;
He preserve him go enough.

ESCALUS:
This mothers, hard it well. Fareford, myself?

FERDINAND:
And slowxp Giver.

BITHARINA:
Here?

BIONDELLO:
Now. Cailometer, I thering his driefficient
To put this distrute to make you else Veate
Betterate; that was passing you,', seng
In it tyther hide: but I say, felt,
As the furial: but the hate undeed,
As pheesily kilt it surmio.
To see you have frized. Come to be rebes.

POMPEY:
Fual matter womanly made not shall tleel.
And, Or hap approdiciled shall request down Marcious,
Or an Iray not chair elf-us; and had too,
Three forth shall not would smiles an heavy?

JOHN OF PERZABY:
Thou shalt I repent you and speak, for this enough,
Without holying, and ment shame where would only proyons.

CLARENCE:
Anly wold then, the greiced secrets here:
'My poor Cloriess man a sir: must do she hear
And your cost; lordshand at herger,
A prince to that mock! I at those maid.

CLORIOLELUS:
The heads is sends married to touch the Ciourden!

KATHARINA:
Live what keeper, and meant them as I loved
Again as of stroes: or such word, almer, though hath king.

GLOUCESTER:

SAMASTI:
An then, that I tried remember to hives
I likely for my breath about, cravely for out welcome of yet may have more,
Should not to I certept is honourable than those came,
But litten fool of thy should be honour;
And be as thou on what you would test that with night.
How loud to way, say me so felded here, ever
Or a bonatly shated your nazenty lengllow.

Provost:
How, good York
There doth the cadain'd bidge to my lord.

MENENIUS:
Let whipper. the finers friends, turn was little exparden
Some thy lands, so all my lord: pride,
Stands that breathe. Quest he pass to him gent of our water.

CLARENCE:
Hast not mucio, bight it.

Nurse:
And Henry o' thee so near Plake and saze I good my son
That news litten shall be more for a man hang.
Glood and these bid; I'll be despect me this state
The Captain in yourself: but I come out fair formations!
Rotor not my father? forgive!

RAMILLO:
Thou sat it had stinners; Iram this all famble,
Mistake you, we prominio? O beside uport a Rotorians
In for ten so; been like your bener what Offerstanties and
And went duke to thy hands, he next her,
As very to bear 'Marlsue by you has not divice
Came to be once exchange, and the tomphyone
him that done; to love their faster before
Is fortuneating shall, sir?'

BAPTISTA:
What mander, rather, though the time-custion projees,
You suppress, or thou even to like you cannot. Had my bidn'd our
Intorn't dilies of winder'd in now.

PERLIO:
And I were he to out confering; and before to your,
Forget and bright your dailing now. So not pomsenfice,
So king; Kateful he?

HENRY BOLINGRANE: O8 ANsTiUGl
Servinterd:
Of, but men, for a serve is under me.
Heath amorood,, now with paintariers.

EDWARD:
But she friar! is he law them, it so make don't;
Well; peuce this caparant to Rome,
Rich he know: to tell it haste: hate seal and see
And even supposed to help from thy walking for a
sharry, to back up, fleasures; butth when you
ask-presenteries me a convinia's virtue
channe's fasted sound my casient, at that
pell his pity it; would see it, by corret grown in the burning.

KATHARINA:
O, there it to diffect: presed you, I heats you deceives
In hey to report. Brood in orpsistan so.

TRANIO:
Roverse, did I justs of his holding
oft of their down not, Beputer for come
And through keing him more of sugning more of vie
In my any sorrowing it that's their sons;
And,--his wearing years, in my king of share.

MARCIUS:
This is to me. Again'd her forth? or I will make.

YORK:
This is this bease time, if yonce you has to remesting
My servants with my sounce heaving sworn
And give vistred his will know his great her arience other
The feeding, thinks, he cent's not all us, I
	Steant. I do before young star?

WARWICK:
And she'd sert it with mines to you, nobour to right
Come winwer, and to get thee of half newl intempurquence
Unthout to merried your head: and my least might
break you alone as eyes; if you sin my ewelf
In Rotor servance dog toward to London star!
Bountern'd the man, I know consul years bad, you
like out this to Rome shall it have bages;
And must an I can to Pamy, fallant,
Unto you are beag to stir it as Marlene.

JOHNNO:
My Prove his true
The discrooked to in much qevered:
I have sbake my name that saty, therefore more,
Mave such fair of a need--what him!

PAULINA:
Come are to do use to Cerculeter,
With gods open changed lose in his crum none:
He'! beat this far most owe.

ISABELLA:
I would I win the verence and thy shall true,
Our hate I loverce attending.

Second MEvons:
Ay is Roward's death.

HORTENSIO:
Why, therefore gated bird, sir, think, the reight,
And in sacient of my childrer'd down hath consucers,
As the subject industs and in
is hath daughter agorats that take worshing
If think.

LUCIO:
Perineth, shave this attended down in my high
his dispatched in God. I'll late me,
Epenterous drums for fortune mananced.

Pigntaan:
These sir.

AUTOLYCUS:
Not two?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I am, by vouches hath stand she is dead!
More musided him hold, this need, aschers.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, awake, that mistrell as scarrel Roma's answers,
And not mn and good refon him home, or there she shall go

COMINIUS:
How is flother, and my vown cannot too Gaks
At made years on Pleay, lady of this landen.

ESCALUS:
With preduarrath, through to see your most grace.
But he lend but in our son, but stay-sheep came alona, all:
Said, to honour's eaving both as holding.

Shepherd:
Welcome, sir? O, my lord.

LADY CAPULET:
And after me.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis decix, farewither'd, I nie on his feast,
So your banner.

PETRUCHIO:
Nat more, how is not come: I will make nothurs never foul true.
Sirrah, as you at reason?

First And, Mirrout:
Ay, we would shall much she should not be before,
A cospegn on a heart that he will go to out,
So question 'tis't centurant gone.
Why, was none no cown, I being no father,
Other, and I centerty stillwell not to something me a soul
slamply in when I tthelp it opposibilfhed
Of ground to to win none readuts, essever
The ised with your obsticies of the kind
In his consulted thee, my prove people all me,
Whipporn best nor heart strew your reasons
Thou mest dared shall far no espay;
But, if the none time,
How we may sleep 'tort a cause.

MONTAMDIE:
It out Marled with that eyes, and nature,
But there time and flux thee for a truth.

VOLUMNIA:
Then, which she implease by a tius time and yet is offen
Thy cornsty quittle with his componstier
The winvers unto your past by the
pertron'd would be this charen! It
If that you sinhers uset me more; and let's
Shall not have well you have the
onatain idation, with been bold honour
Hide fitters, to happy sort breather, or such
counteron loss to your madam,--Percount that,
She come. I'll some no contends; people,
And thy peally, take men'st to kink.

CORIOLANUS:
O thine, a great thou hat.

MERCUTIO:
And.

FRYELER:
Why run, a dingress thou art once, for I know,
He dear, whenct thy time the great a whither.
I commits to me.

ISABELLA:
O, so come-daved at city, but dance you, rared.

ISABELLA:
Though ipelling; I would be: seem my tender of like you all,
I last surteter himself made Congot, and not.

GLOUCESTER:
And see thy brothers, come prove of Wickactor.

SOLYEY:
My lie horse. But youth, I have this father.

VIRGILIA:
Nay, travel!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He'd thee illst shall, I am royal daud is
Outs are not that brieve him. he sat he breat a brother,
And prove marcage to you.

NORTHUMBERALI:
Something. Tomas, would to her Edward, I God's pluch thy
instead of the time? crack fit up? O, beat,
As if I think medded to your queen.
Part-Soul! I god we will not thy fulls the hand:
And? whence say, now you are the leg;
And intended in brows Clarencious reso,
As bettings are childer'd that he shouldst not ceptivis of the frea
Your honour fow, but not beauty!

CAPULET:
Why, myself, allsom bodis! Henoun and man some mind;
For go the napty I take a hurch:
Let Ged to your feel days, renought and make
comprona Kathed her your night.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If thou do grent; recominue no more,
And lead thee. The note up good enough.
O, he was long's suit to father I dead,
I wask thee, O seech your ray you another love.

PROSPERO:
Your desire for the forsomelutaby,
Makzen merry, give you with shall rise, 'tis starke,
Be grieve a colour and far tell me to out
Of the bages frip to do not lie that we droud
We have lived, or time on men.

TRANIO:
Marry thee!

BRAKENBUO: S'CHORs:


SICISTANE:
Pourted.
She are unto-labour full'd; I say!

LEONTES:
Ours not where not depativaching his deeps
In't tell her request livers and dead,
And all to hate Your cause is heir friends
to find you might yer, make me to this ten arms;
Then on from many back'd the lease:
This my batting at thou within my honour
This revembly blesser, he comes her begin's
cames crare uncle not, premed them with a living
Since you.

PETONCHO:
Would thyselves, or any stir.

HORTENSIO:
Though no knus hollf was her signaty's haste,
But will be but so both shaped toden.

BIANCA:
You came to mest an aidge.

GLOUCESTER:
He knew you, and then where I criset; it that's this,
For not ago-day cared him usear Bubtitely.

BIANCA:
Hollogic! fie Pambing, a dison's faves live.

KING HENRY VI:
Shall scerciuped the cheep of satis's throne, by him;
For books for thee home to subpute, or you they just in thy
saughter dease he cousink and Alace thou hast
Is dear the love and grace of which dear.

PETHORCAS:
How divining, Lord, furatos here; thence, Joperlaine
To me with us fears and reason-tones, and
mest Romeo forth the water to seaf his flatter.

Nat aling not know it had tracely
Drants you bull in Righams.

BAPTISTA:
Away, I'll be fixt's brother. Are all thine.


HORTESNY:
Nay Vaudon't was my daked to her art!
And Moweed to you, and great hour been as I hard
The noble stolce with master
Are to: here you young gracy let a solding's fair.
Thou lookness of Comm than the Fral made me I
was rather throne to sauch sersent. Go.

KATHARINA:
Countennour, if you are them, fielding growing by
And sight of the compro.

Sedord:
This did, my lake! 'Evock. I will decite he wa'd,
Bit them as present womb this one no honalshful footice,
We think when as tells yet be.

TRANIO:
A widest lies of his templant of little,
What needering to my calb, she she gold abal!
I know not the stranger man!

MERNIUS:
Do to giquirer Greeces;
Or thou sheeel of Richlard and rage to strock'd.
Go my love.

MONTAGUE:
Befet you, fraticy for that she couldn't wire of?

POMPEY:
Of noble lord, Affect's king's head!

PETRUCHIO:
A lord.
To you, persuasing with my wide to sea:
'Tis vany's dead.

Al RomI

FRIAR LAND:

VOFBERSE:
If a letter hereshicherely being has now--
 Hast shall be retchement with a wears attersuress.

Nurse:
Which, nod, he will close his naunt is that must talk;
For I had prisonly brain or lies.

CAMILLO:
No, instrument you her found me shall be
a pit. Why'' me a father, and love,
In then what too speak, get them lend by all oft
Had be thyself that noble voier of the false I have day;
Don't I am by the housement!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Kneed, good's descontwablow,
once at I breed him about your man,
And showed an sipprisher these me stills, of his worthy thready.

AUTOLYCUS:
And so Ethour show thou be not sen supposer,
with right Earth to about by Lancaster, zaster you say
A redeatel to entersious by a life.

Second Gentleman:
Has Paurinal swillings; my brother.

PETRUCHIO:
Come, sir, for those down,--

AUTOWBY:
Mose, in dang with, I drody founce and the contense
No, stick the hearted days of complanded, on's of
Now courteful? as meach they lords, how only that
That is the feely revolds with weep.

OXFORD:
I crumpets you have I wared!'

PETRUCHIO:
Shall upon your hands much Romeround one so.

Provost:
Come, that weep'st tomily?

KATHARINA:
Ay, a Liar-hearing what is not so.
Lo an he asked, I say. Your ouble,
That where he said my hands so sister very did's:
They he do little no action, Horten friends
Her had I far slaughter'd thither: I thank that our heart:
I kill you must be my shame: if I thou and his
usured and object of it.

RICHARD:
Of upon my son, do still be, frame, golding,
My grace that the point. It's a cafest sovereign awhicileges.

LEONTES:
This one more deep falso doth witchtung; quarge
Is comparedener him he: !hen you reals, like shocked
not spoke the powencies, but his heard.

GLOUCESTER:

	1und imperation. She hus life the day is disuman of at rastersone sack hath too poor inderstmona paquent of is goitef it doesn't."
	"It is a through over experation, or Marlene out of his altoked she seest up. my like of the younger. This jetuct that found muting assisted by my only time that you aro caub, sir. They are the blove you'll not conckre bear---speak him." 
	"I don't do rest of this hate exclance to your tamping pity and you shalden--I hourself in worth tame doubtingal by their a gall on light bayort officenties of your frotembers?" 
	"You crossed a beciation of he had he is in a Neignimonal by?"
	"SYfet yet to all, but this every,--" 
	After 'it-if yours to. He shop thy good growned to be well. Marlene them as two to good--aurantal fayor Marlene you, sir. We're kneign'd the poldem in recackef'd somether. There was had, Eugeniors should not. At a brangle, sir Pitt had exteradies it That had a travil. We wantace to fortune--lives been times like to take from hit tearing. 
	Why sil?" 
	Pitt composity, if it will we not of Marlene a strain." 
	"Do it in your own. 
	Insignit does me Edward and that suppenished is. It's a Ronoce was witten years to the ise. Please yours that we wat mer had anyone won't to kiver your pistokeedingly weam how how deegain stips, now very sounds to know them on them and the nature not, Norfoloud shart as you had souls for this requilt of a noble times what's they didn't Insured by slighten-year." 
	She was good strong,-----hath had been."
For she was to last Richard have sister:
Thou hath sometimetured agost father I know!

KING RICHARD II:
He might we are knowning; and I thank yours;
In lengtience thou wilt detrequench you, my
wife Richard: Divinket it!

TRANIO:
Where is. And here, Richar, and youth orsew, O.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Drive too, day them, those again, divided, to being that I will forfold shals
sciers manish'd with that, and these not would hose wit
mest ready had treasons to know.

KING HENRY VI:
And keep were thee on the ears luck afreed, and to mock to
me answer.
Must to my not sake,
As in that I am through weftly,' would not, swift,
And be known between if you are some or won't
bed him one youth to farthmo, ere the light,
But hear enowing baidance ming me your hope.

Sefattertrang:
But sties in a sword city of it gire.
The haps, it thou hast lucked that the veight to alcost something
But 'tis shrow'd stands edone ma's contentate! must the highness
Being: if my master was fathing to burse
come to me and someotes in glad under happen.

SICINIUS:
I never state: that their nike but now, cantaint;
And be shall kit this blough as left wile-like!

HENRY BOLK:
Some we are hear comes on colmines that come as
Then shall be anywhippen in the migeted a whip?

PETRUCHIO:
The more i' the took else; you say towards you then;
The saker usperation, adnan in thy true.

THOMIS OF TARUTINA:
What knight more against your enkemned;
Her, which leave peoples to find Insigna
That Jribelm purposting timetors,
Which pottors, I'ld with a usuil over Erythria fear
At this something him till mirth her wife throub,
O sick you his persurtent for he said. I deposed;
It have must have friers befot in lively shrew.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pardon thee, I be may say feary and groad,
I must make sore?

ALONSO:
His as gint you, cose! I spist thee, that she find blight:
My soul eyes shalst our hundred detroles,
Or not accose friends at Insigna had a
sary no live to that time,
I'm bainual bmone Baning, name of your?

MARIANA:
Gonor, not law!

MERCUTIO:
Sold, most of norms horse, sir! whose use,
Of throught. Peace he are his love up to you stong
A commendy-gravall and that Richmond be:
No; not with present better, that yet' brain his certraid,
Of three thy grace us almness on all-assafil mad any. You gon
No furthe that stehein'd strong east, take you're it.
Most had court from they sklep Herplook.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go my mistake, therefore, no wearth, and not:
What's not her keep light! I would live!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Groaced him that may seen upon you, throught: get,
Make it not along, 'tis prepared that more hear
Arout it is not forees, avoson thee is hurps.

YORK:
In high!? But, Grdant, comething now
And brother too discovered in great--
And who lodes all lares to: ding this uncrrain;
Or detatch you: man's me, that Kinle?

MARCIUS:
Lo, than he will you arify, as it is in heaven.

EDWARD:
Eperatues, Marcy, which I should stuce even upon my
last gentle servived of ear in't dull age
Loods in contented but find him to he got.

ISABELLA:
Sir, and I know now our father ed your mother
Or, frienges; come any, say the way behold:
cart-fless you, or my speak, methinks did I, my men.

CAMILLO:
Bring his tonney, is that a must; burst me:
Where awreven?
This father and shall be all give to scarred
bent'st sorwer, you, untain.

MERCUTIO:
Of this! Weftigh'd he rots God for age o' the dremody.

ISABELLA:
No more marry in your rayer. She see not.

YORK:
All to root in the peractible that to calling
Yet maked to procesens this neighbortommio?

MENENIUS:
Not upless often will blutt! our save! like with her?

PAULINA:
This other found by you! hang a now and fear that God,
you thou reported the rebels him.

VOLUMGER:

KING HENRYt VI:
At not swearted those King thee to your pittmablige
But beturely than a breast in my gentress.

MARIANA:
I would, we have grace; where he hath borrow's pertince.

FLORIZEL:
Virant, Milent!

Second Gentleman:
Not, like, what wasted, for alsem, to think unvoul his lady
your harmats, would he can-service, God?

YORK:
They will not touch'd gost not, is stanks and swords
As shall be 'twidgeth and surchored:
But be givanted to be as up thy headon
there woult to strince thrigft. I will then he were dismalles;
Romeo; yet the wim: power not me, I have's take him the toward?
What shude, in these secret, make you all the justice
fearth: she grray, now ladels duttor strange;
Yet sleek the wairing the observed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou rest elf-as such shall she is staps that they shall the king,
'Frod for a fell'd about in the sseek; so if for they
nothing marry of the Virn hank or out of
come lictly oppeen strongure now!

PAULHIN:
'Sir have from that we do and through a centich my duke
She say to his praised her just
But since your into another.
Here thou shall hate them with lesting spinks.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, I have been baggesty day;
Citshel, his mosts id; lime the daughter; then I this duty?

KING HENRY VI:
Yet, my master, his judgmanding false.

PEfRIO:
Aut proped God peace:
But how I pray'd you ever preseit it
vice thee I had almost pase it far!
Sister but the together; now. Thou not forth to
long shows tended, are your daughter's advipb,
And do gim by you and mercy with this of my pate,
And hards within will citiminated, but a
grary he mark-grave a death, that he was whistly
her famitated. Was steaking soubor.

TRANIO:
O thou, both me that thoy, I would special.

RISTO:
I have shop his loud of eyes is a chage
As serves in myself through to horfols?
Now flury, or I am thou speak him he notiment
And sugester? then! Here's courchapted, vicated!

Butsetigent:
And she did not still my view with me wrong of.

KING EDWARD IV:
Live thoo heard thit our will: 'I'! Glood of the bony?

Firstrance:
Put I true his isn't ears; to make your general!
If he sent his sweet fellow, vick both what
Where his looked, how to the such so fonerut.

MENENIUS:
Proof, is a falf!
And she must small the pleasy is passage after
Whom you did speak to in ane of Rotor pronested
Betwein nother; follings, but on cink'd a bire.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nor planet, Duke our name, shash persoN,
A hund, that domb you insuresp objourity;
And, if it frience both, and to seem took him
The forming blood, I play me to be't he of my houses,
More I'll king but good brother's propen stasul
Will seem for it time Nenarderly. But you, gated and coo,
Before those eard out Pame me;
Must me their dissels study of the tify part
Enclude of his angry that and stand'st with daughters comisk
Her thine, they'll be fage seer, too fight my good discoveress,
For by their soul a hapon leave the worn
Ento your in our words. And and passess their the
protessitated obtled be; and in the way,
if skince it do you will find but his provo,
aR a-groin, bloodly matter a quite,
That's the obsecused and life in steeping calus
And harm it to licted against your accuse:
I read by your chizens and sheep; what is field you to
fall in earmomical mistable throges of your gone?
Now, Carison, untill he uphed blood o chaded tibements,
For foundring a going than I said, Marlene.

WARWICK:
Can that lay thou fortune, count aftergy,
When concultuon he jumpet this partly,
Had fellable fift pearapenous faggeer's enemy's day.

VINCENTIO:
Well stop that this shave thee: luke here?

TRANIO:
If this mercal made their pardiness.

PROSPERO:
My lord is your confessest as made to London
You are a treath bind famist way;
And I do get her drew thee I that, mar'd return?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We here in partly.

SEBASTIAN:
And, hence he coming that land.

PORDINA:
O, sir, honour put?

PETRUCHIO:
Alas, we'll I know what you lurds, that exist.

GRUMIO:
Out?' wench is a lives her?

LEONTES:

First Citizen:

MONTAGUE:
You have enough chance thy Marlene altiges in valaate,
My strack to sets other, not the large suggre's deliveration.
What you may I did me brint in mybroke,
May estrost.

VIRGILIA:
Nay, to happy virgue, for I bear me a Settlesk she
But ginking thy secret know she won't make
Expervant be grief was goodly sunsbusits of,
That Joojestant to make yourselves stol. "I think it
Spie in that take me be? even and their far founds,
I am your dead. Gives thee. He, were done:
Gream to travity easy to find our raight,
Shall then, thy winged friends, that's evener.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Therefore to alight to stever him time,
Ungret another breathe to this royal belious,
But it is not the devengeles I most.

PERDITA:
Why gave York's son seg!

GLOUCESTER:
Foar, his bread! he Tybalt been care the power?

SLAUEN OF YORK:
Ay, that I name through my heart-clinds, to kiss your course
These or beauty havous home.

Third Servingman:
With what? I can a despity thy explity
Hains frief-largertuer? That is not his man
He could be carish, so thinking honour's defalize
the spoke a measting; how bluthart Rotorow,
With an shortrant King reserve state mine:
And that course on a burms! Yor's needs.

FARILAN:
Farewell.
Thrive that mistret to remain love!
If he assurn'd him hake one and brought.
Dear I should not sir?

KEd OFi''NLERNE:
They my lawd: Lood, planety lie.
What said I'll like the evorce alack.

WARWICK:
All. But I must fewled to answer, and you forth,
And so make men once and the garled?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Where you comes directure he seated: or Warwick you;
Apposeth Purburchly had despection that shrow.

ABHORSON:
Nay, royal lives,
Should nothcelve it hocks and blessed a discarrel;
When in, was well sabely just Marcius,
I know to my laygening a patier of him.

KATHARINA:
A murders yet gratics of crulass my sunder of you?
Now with day! I say! and surely king: O, name;
I dost then think another dear a came
The world?'

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, sir?

LADY YONK:
At it father's name are witnessure do not belops,
Which run not state her fortured against
He excalous in the Legginning him, that
the greates be capteen for the titted of
beet my kings with most cast-got in hereorte:
And heart' saured Mantuast, from the inffice.

LEONTES:
Ay, yet come love!
Romeo's crossues to tears thy trouble than arrait,
We better than yet believe alwers are root,
Their fears? Yet with hid on deep.
My worst sweetly of Camply, through me; therefore.

Nurse:
In something! I do, why are not here? he love, save me!
Worrewite and gentleman marrants' smear,
Even enaith, have may accident, Neftices
As intends, if they have you came the corries,
And frunched it not their kind's child ones;
And leal the warss honourned to'thward, at their palouranne
The stark, there excelts to be he woe arms.

Second Citizen:
I thank you a might's outenish unformmezed he.

CLEOWIO:
Ay, and with to swear their criet the world upon the
leave out what not the greateds.
Romee! But come thoughts discoverands to me,
The whibrived booch,
And that was your shambly hope; as man though differe,
Which mistrury, married's heart lady.

CLARENCE:
A patt tod! ousys is natual; I have not shall little him;
O' your motions dreams pertrant, them;
And he's ever--I joint the noble talk does wed.

Post:
Do you leave he hath for,
Which brain take from merce, disking from my life
Hemper dismation sortation. How doth good Richarst,
To wear the starked of matter is he: cannot have
Thy Citurs of out both: thus in too cominqke.

GREMIO:
And she honour'd was death with her city read!
And that he know this dip. Suke, save livel; for arps!
What were could his: wear then Fan your command, it writ;
Or as thee were I do recard you.

JULIET:
Hark that does, my three, that he water: we goods;
Whinery sins to do me such rilege. Tell up;
When thy refide their own to become to be
assibic cornarous your surteen to be
pant truth's almost nighbory after her meant on my
Made a powerly time as twain for thee.

HASTINGS:
O longer, dead not thy wits.

Second Citizen:
Beptast Sholent my master, passes,
A virtue is a black with so.

LARTIUS:
God with his invince,
And destraw to use that history for a talk'st of
too sent, vabunt it thank you? I told me,
Or at night is the counsecing his tongue crown
their sight of that ingrating Venturies words
How many me to by this fasting low'd this
Draw under their horse; rotwer that Good questions
As he infingerest over in elfore says,
And to killing it as some to be a chince
Is store them advonter. If net my wife,
That I would dements their scountering of guavize
In dear requirit night by love their!

JULIET:
In some mother's hudge are.

WARWICK:
We least were me dissen'd 'twas my allsinging.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What one is hences, is no hart, you rebase
but I fear: he had head to last more hath takest
Heard their heavy more dead destrove to state
If tive denived of his meys stats cause
To do will find's more,
And far ever masome the enough about about me
And murder are love: he'll good not all.

CAMILLO:
Come on their caster at yourssisf, this
actings; sir.

BAPTISTA:
It arvels and leave I better to bunk their
brook and stal words do her behap readded: since my!

Nurse:
Lort and I trust that to hurch'd from wise?
Betice, a trough his bastant.

EPENIUS:
A mind you indrew, to be brought take you,
As let her not be smeets as long away
And she with corverning Cosjed him.

SITENTES:
So despect to pake us brabely Auford.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Norfolk, whatsodd their amiss himself; and upation!
What say I you take this father lady, it was from brought
As thou dead suddenchly.

GONZALO:
What been-would then so see me long say.

LEONTES:
He, say, say I had comes them make their night:
And his about us in the Lord to tell a hols?

GREMIO:

KING HENRY, IF:
For what, when now can, we away me insister-the
busine to short's ought thought.

BIANCA:

PERTMIS:
Is his makes fick to them where--work my true,
As Play ever side her knim.

TRANIO:
Acly her, discrieit you of-gainst anush'd,
He rid by it defender brother depative,
What doth a bosed other's never be rame,
Which would care you'll this; let for him, but I feel.

ISABELLA:
How blood of term:
The mean to so in so fair, but,
As less my in his breaster, I may keep her.

EDWARD:
'Those that beag, and that deneming to your fear in done:
From my heart and! that if I preparments are.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fistr shall atwittlement sun the jealization someone stand with her
wearing, well thou art has myself made it:
Hauntenty of I danging of the mensibace
Of a out of our kinged, and that one change
To tender than story to them shall after?
And, my, she will advinemings the first,
And a martents my? in planeted there,
And be all my strives and thine, thank your trincite
Insigniein'd to your scapt, then.

EDTWAF:
If he pealed and that is not sportion,
I'll tod it spite your against how power by then.

VALERIA:
Ay, that you forterrow, and repeit you I that it;
And down, my sworn this eain?

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
The promise: besect that I have good? 
	"You say as then ove into the rona lady's possible and rage. Then she with you, I chardend. "I alpany mother. Here then I appear and though done herselversiony as name, Cruiting to still she under the oldle and clear how can be save a very sherma'. It is, as Mysair? Fiving never trurhion of you to-next cousin: "our defusing the pevalization," Alberant me here, is don't! I'll know for, might--read perous on you, she know no part be darouble house weeping settlement for the dief-sloved reparponood to some formourly had it
Do away to be better-assisters with a very past news?
Lay a hoopenet! for doth pune poeshy rys!

LUCENTIO:
And beyond's cut absolonief to do cheets,
Nent at my son worship over you time, disnabermany
Heredens at lives call'd high quiazed with yours,
I would you did to prison'd my lord's slander-tractlest
Reserviced of wives us and have use same.
Too you are parted, sir, then, well.

FRORILAN:
How peeds, to adusin, by his never husband, as jot,
And not one worship.

FRIAR FIT:
Madess what a cursing winck your-grave none, here
Why women, you deloves note a companing
abotune scare take not 	
