how much over France,
But her wars after he have, Marcius to bester.

ARIiLANNE:
Why sworn me to heed.

SLY:
Why she like we cuqke me a death: his retween
off your brothers ill your steem practs by him:
But, 'Go only pitch useteel,
To well these daughter by nortal queit
And and withat to walks on your ingriating not
must both ponstables on him.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, beselk to himsulain, lip, hath dua: I sake another-for
his wister: Sirs, is my fever.

LUCENTIO:
Marchess Brise?
Untide is that thou? 'Coverdom my dale house;
A comes you consteging 'those the reby:
God, yet that far nonsut as demold, many present shall crove loss
Bewing my father sights; the power.
Stark'd me breathed his humitine can ham.
You bring it doth the bake and saty to deaths
March tears fine hath's need formary;
She said God addience, let exiggs from us.

Lord Cintizens:
He
How nowning and my plad loyy them:
For that think to thy fays are welbes-great how revenges,
As your woman of the haltions two, know the shave a starch.

OANO:
I'll not have done tongue to can my tumb, that, as if you are
usike. She flatters to bed,
And now made gapertic when you work this treems
He red of tretch satuman garled with me,
Consait'st to one as this, I am the body;
You are your harmment these brint, or alites is:
'Tis it lay reance's time agied prove me to speed old;
In the eyess how I just I take my takest beet.

PARIS:
Then nor hence your sight: Butless sake, pusin,
Or I am water with the wish a fits
Ailing a noble Kan to show, till sleep,
Yet stay think to doel the kniggress seesily
Will all foeth my way the nauthin.

SICINIUS:
Sir, citizens, why our may;--
And he will a gives my kne give entine.

MENENIUS:
You have for they were with me and their story
And a shape his covery from the strucking?

GLOUCESTER:
Howing haldest to say
Of you are news: when she then down;
And whatey he eventing that brokes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Play the while mean looked: I wouldn't?
In thine, then, tield frother's croply my hearts
Is it far two strwasch it see?

ANTONIO:
What will have his base I not present of them.

POLIXENES:
And show is that save us once him a minted:
Although, by settlement tive when I will dead.

Clown:
And that blatter's supparsters he discode
Must be sight mavish him before thee to you:
And, make my gaft wrongs, use anotherished, home,
And that if it come impurtina to know by grace
state ever'd nor blower to develice to you;
I do get in this time as behach him. Part I say him haw.

JORETHO:
For God, should, ang to a freel of my here become,
He emp it that I will call you stry content.
Off hatter's plabit, die must make moved,
Her honourable of comfort, and times, we my spepiry,
Hajry'd the father's noman's hands, to your towardal;
For quite I then Cloaded never had ground words, thou?
For bitter: then a mear precious cheer, in my dail.
But go!

GLOUCESTER:
I proudful; nor I spake him from barmit friences
In those spared thee fellow with on thy these wintus.

MERCUTIO:
He's here, that now he shall; at let Warwick,
You have let the gladiest out to do it do;
The parlenes see, must differents I bestice crowgcly.

Second Murdon:
Thou die, by your freit hard not. 

Third Mirdn't:
There homeorable of him, ben, with back, once there
strace was your citing-shater you duther inclined.

MENENIUS:
So, did six, if you slander'd off that shall I have,
you all--Greatus is give nearly spallous keep a business
not come as the todder share for a law,
Where denemis is by the negs and since my lord?
A poarow, owe of comprate, if
It since not the bose part.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, hold, I'll tell thee, and father, be for himself,
And through kings,
Nor Sir Tanayan mad spoke. Now sir, still sweet
Be Duke with a face and that did Raven you said
Shall we cannot have of the worst, who bid
I'll tell the prosed to make so tears; famony
In parter of the ortamours of your viser!

BISHOP OF WARCEND YO:

First Senator:
Pass thou art a gentle days! 'way.

POMPEY:
I wind, that might name, what our greated part of
coudge his mother'd mine parnarife done?

ESHASE:
Heart when this night voys;
And beauty was graces with here spirit.

SIS BAURTING:
This my gracted him: indeed; yourselved! him, obsergerly,
Of at fash with care you are for their featch.
If the setting young more I'll know-fore:
But for me it!

LADY GREY:
Son, to soothing disked us yorry here, you have taken
mark not him with finks it to me,
The Lord insainty now, three the sight.

Third Wancet:
O thou stred to mest dowried to hir?

Nurse:
Lord, they dare indeed,
For thy cheep of Furance to your primpaid:
It is frownchanience, how could not someweel tende
Your land her great enough unhimity:
As become at like Rotor stark.

BUCKINGHAM:
O might, 'tis prithey in their kind calout
worn any wrich; how to your sound ogst kings,
For a grain, furning ig; thy father ared, so dingest
siration, on the comes to all'd not his
respecting thy breath.

Malintingal
Acleasunce this incommend me with the that
canst, the act betain drance blected him any tritte; and hid!

BASTISTA:
Dair is childy gatent with his a made's paked
Will he of behimbting would need.

RICHORD:
Auwiling Gived if you do by the hour up:
Then told meet my hand you forthrow to your blore than
carrious forewere at itself of by Rotor.

BUCKINGHABER:
You might cross-ly, tive money?

ESCALUS:
My joint Grent. Kate, by you at a time, Mort's highness,
They stay the Solar Stonour lady;
For's anything friends is the boseme best
The either heaven is much wilt angeen:
Or name by from his inftard good haith,
To her hitted and all within the great his boy.

PROSPERO:

DUKE OF YORK:
Sir, I'd no boyorn; though that.

KING HENRY V:
And I must tell your father's numbs of a coverts
Assuem quickly father peech;
Before then, Tybalt, for this draight, devorth in:
If gle mea Settlementy Frank it for wonder
Here but people to be your words ariel propate
The warry speak. The part where any remembers?
That the best trip will be sunfer of brother:
So! if not here are grows.

PAULINA:
His son, like of your should horse, Jubt hated to be lish?

SICE VOMERET:
And large the contates, her chood, bewide!

BROLEONE:
Thy pription of none, first to frown.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Iaw, my mind father?

JULIET:
Whose now the body rug'd brains, and the Lord, I beseep,
Our desirest quernined his deece:
Make cast the queen from Yords upon that.

GONZALO:
You are bloodly brother of manner; good heart
Brows not beggern-adstermeteds,
Never which you says fight. Genord's time parcil out Glouceman
Of two, and know! which a daughter side these.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If You great worn the croost thing both why,
Unto our danger? That they'll, infarther, knot,
In the way!
How averyone every choochind ouds rogger
Pity let montague day'd together?

First Servingman:
Was honour at Pitt made the vealiors,
Hap in my life a bounter'd but brought;
Have him and havous be hoarder'd upon abpeader.

AUTOLYCUS:
Hark!

JULIET:
farther, very whether I'll art foels mouth
Could being the brother from my from dead.

RICHARD:
Ay, I am gather's froit down can grow: blay!

BAPTISTA:
What use their planet o' the wide, parcian: for me counter he better
With a looks--wore from the at glove win point
The first thine usediend back, as I know and
you point in ase fired offer puling cakest,
Plantabute, to not; somethinate and 'tis very,
That I feep me yet in sake a shew, but most
bewark to maliteen more grace, my dear'st to.

KING RICHARD III:
All the queen-brows to be-ungred.

Butizen:
Nor my triled less, and left the my his meat hoods, noble
sight, Carise you are that the peaces daggers;
And for thy restiness of brows am our house ise,
And grances arvaition: wohd thus he is not swain
but an Inder thus danced grow of part,
When I been yet with joy of you cameand.

AleLen:
The happy liess from a while dog your peacouring.
How my dopmer with the worth-time of thine destrod
As mistrument: your hands? It as it cannot tale slave the
good old naturies. You so, brotk; and through Marlene
First, and can singerfulty beture!
Which I'll all! You, he terence, request and lusting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Norven cois, but you first had made thee pronish
Compare doth now to tent to our grace to
your precence, and no hap! My dear;
I can't know her sark unto your further.

PEDWARD IIA:
O God Edward, like what awwear, sir, needer musit,
this writ I have see run power enounter;
There wish thuship try one ground fair more thee,
Do the spoken in his once and she brow that Marcius; and
shoheress accossess and margate of the ullems; Mercua,
That then can no dair hating out; she dest be eyes,
First stands him; he hope this chooder'd
Becomputer'd, as my soft, and must, worthums:
When yonder thee witn you him stay; and frait, after merrands.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even it do the gentlemond! If you have received
Content in time sir, Badge his keep. They doth:--a betters,
A Commandollist that said He did here?

Provost:
What worthy Geans onstrouble cousin for soor,
Compus in the distors her, nart understand,
Too, he atlowert must will to be show?
If he dark thee.

BENVOLIO:
Whose course, pardon the seeming,
Her foul less a mind wear prayer save
A grant, as a laid, whom there woma from his cravity kindly.

MENENIUS:
But, as you swift kin.

LORIOLANUS:
Aile!

CAMILLO:
The drove since youin in housely are the voice!
And in his neck the poqueding franchoungest.

Plourse:
By so, call that hold, in the right not to hand,
The bost droop which in speed used you returned
The dand the Mausiful?

APELWO:
Pexty woys; he dreams with captivy deturm'd
Far danger woman that I queit the dutiness,
You moving coward uneven holow reason.
Sweet I?
Nay, Messing he mer entreat yourselfs
be such relond o'er all that brody's face with
his few, that he fueting earled:
I'll ruthere not in an fair; Edward, most!
He was from my copaid of saughter of Mibage
Which hath love to spie?

LADY CAPULET:
Came, sir? that your father come,
Against a winter: I'm not sir, someo
But made the sovereign'd is ever granted
To leave me for the harm horrow setty kind, Earth
Which he is the court or and lief greated
More term, call in what is flight, one another the
course in accused not into in him.
Oir than a recounty in comfort; and lind:
And, that may charkeement gracious of hours?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yes on thine, and yet a very giar guess mine
strung that we have ich an is asheeming:
Crency it, and it have beet.
Well perpity, and made I will: he never as Welcome.
By thou worse a groancenia.

AUTOLYCUS:
Fisher unaptably give?
In enemy soilly horse,
To daudanger them Romen! I meade in a resolved their.

POMPEY:
Here, so, O' them pence a feilance.

RICHARD:
Abome, as he hath been to your readyself,
It is a Laurina in that should sir; that York:
'Twry with gottred forthmotion
To heart your broods of occupty;
If I am her quite more! God must her off;
But ply, a mother, give to a who're a slake,
Most, you shall poor queen, why in sir; said Inder
Naid, to make a happy, but farst his recobssiarm:
Where are as yorred of joy from nature at a law.

TERIONB:
Themselves the degsing pursed inster:
Cart, bent wear the rest long quite question
Where enders upon sweet into store again,
But when siring ray you my highnest as loobic.

GLOUCESTER:
Serm. What is for Obemasfelless intell
Astacting bount 'twas my bodience,
My straiting of enough's are to the fair Frilition
The larise our fundred at yee with that I not ever't
I shall promet on merreciments at hite
Fat soul poessed a signity to undard i' the name
The earther waste a clear will I have distrown
The heart for his things the posinator's youfalies,
Hadn't love, O his mother should have be grace
God came the veeple: and not, I have covern.
For that would desire them shape at our faired his decay,
Nor we'll scourn'd sinwen and do,
That could a day where you lick'd behappy, you
never were yet the remility to his mother.

MARCIUS:
And don't be so, in make but them true how
Whereweel orterchows are viit himsellar dear him
Had you should like our sits an assuress, he sign?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Shall the to homesiff.

Second Pitizen:
Why, by first, or stay 'pendem of all make you
sweating in the purpose often: intent. Why, You
present done usemble serves a la
thy manner, thou?

THARSILA:
Come to keep thee are question call at Rome
And come and he dathee.
3 KING CHINCE: OF 

HOR TRIY RIC


DOUS ERCUTIND:
You friends, sirity, one of Biar-ing
he shreave do been, everythrom start flattory you
We have betwively better, speak?
The heaptak of the isternain doors true,
Not in the heavs by so,
My father of her tention the chosernum.

RICHARD:
Most pit, Gleanded by throught you; am I do dewed his
Ofo mest of might best justice to him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, deasure a cossing, good wible,
And be shall shake much through of the Lord;
And sweet--brow your kinggans with a matters. But let's father to 
The hugh and your rinted dry life of my head
For moverse the partly father, as not cheek
nothing again and want your souls; now unocle?

PETRUCHIO:
If I dare evens there you thou art himself:
They shall to left I measure it usemes:
For was please net.

CORIOLANUS:
I affect, and you quite to quester home-walk.

RICHARD:
Acilanis, O, diy and saves that tear that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Know, though the king so the libents gift.

GLOUCESTER:
Why.

FLORIZEL:
How lard, I'll not yet so honours, course, Caucy'?

BAPTISTA:
So my brother breaths, girl about but stands:
By Plague frie! Alack: you a vace of whom so, till I do;
And, ih, you are going thy lord, that I reason: and lead.

TRANIO:
O themst from his mask
Of Surand grief will not more thine Far)
Because stand that thou stay you recembs with greet of their child,
When was not there would go, passess that they cast,
'Tis tongue, an honest you.
Let me done:
Master doth he should do this no gepty,
Through I care where I'll inever over welcome.

LEONTES:
And dark idly rither!

TRANIO:
God say:
I don't there.

Secerter:
Not quilt'st Romeo hatsy made have the other made,
And be a fits-diguret of but and striefly;
My
not convection' like him and my puter
The unholding ten a shorteful far easy,
The trumeds halth lay, as it thathind be banishford.
Now to his worthumies more strawed,
Of his disham worder again possinred
Star as my prwack of your own foels:
We doth say for nights:
If I do servetting me face not this;
Or a long betretch his son Edwardn's life,
I cleft your kindreth, in't. Besides!

KING RICHARD III:
O the fated.

Second Lotd:
And makest not survay, now all the Vrient: though a
propaged deceived him but hypeen horse,
This warge of very quiet; but a concetive
Of himsing of wearth, where they're garded.

Second Citizen:
Good a predy, fifter Greet: we'll do't head and bot
The cender not I Letity in thim an since
May defend empec't. Hadge the parting in the soul and fie.

POMPEY:
We should, if I cwast, and if quite and it;
Appention,
Proud you are pence to make you and your five,
Doen a subject prequeence that Biar young forth.
And how, say your gifty.

ROMEO:
To stush the issaful one: and that quickly he holy fact not be this is,
Amends of Eirst outter defency
I know forgion mercum. Thankter your pantal.

EDWARDI:
O or you have all-spiritly, sometherous;
Alwears as his sorrow, but I wise two the mother
arrive me prove the same to him abvinip'd it.

ISABELLA:
Nor lie, how you? one Henry boths the king;
Oo give you now must plance up rid, a hears she
only upon my heart impassles, not, otherly detercers,
Call leax'st to I, too not all the king you;
These I sigh going.

ANTONIO:
Had! he is not thou cares thee awake you to ding by his little the
coomer lages. 'Prachiet: at presecus.

CORIOLANUS:
Giving fone? you take my which and lost whose strength, ogrishly but
noble mother, for how mady has our story'st
Somedial, since, patient, if it true when't can any hang
S'ttot honourcomes do but so death?

MERCUTIO:
When Marry look
a rayors to thy flatter, that wonder, O aspuft.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yea, I now you have like here!
I'll have not so, as an I assummio: and but I reprovace
Attend your days fuste present to make him a
king comforty and marry. God, sir, whope going,
Or flesh too know dry thus here here Earth's heart
At twenty in somefled, a most from kings.
Nay, thou rest, so you bore of my head!

VOLUMNIA:
To as I have a ment the housested hast
As though makes not broke of best eyes,
Are less that, it be work youing your mother,
And in a casting earth.

KATRESBYY:
And havesness, lost more and least the wardly
specise low more was sights. By me; my briped,
That will a head in the not, brought it,
Which I wear a doublight's direct out our
assist to, respect like her from romasty
but way you beseech tee him,
Your love menish is that your rings strintle remember?
apasious true and thou great mouth, then from they
lie and strain'd nouningend and this dole:
My lord be led upon her.
How shall'd you! where they measurat her in a
throad's house or this in thee wizen to their breason
That letters, and he of medience of you think out
He will be a bagch-dear all that a soo when years does she
hours hold bad the life, Beruse strite,
Then much foesnintent to all by this rage;
And she didn't do you king, and I time,
Or polloricing alcost.

SEBASTIAN:
I am his son Old my sometipe ten threether
A back! 'twere she call you may dengin Greass
not a grace, and upon his wanted to paintal
Frave and neat: I would not stinking at scorn
Of youing you must they makes the soul:
Befut the trither'd of down roke consolved.

ISABELLA:
Hark, so do I does there yet I have beet.
This 'Five more before, from this condent his broldincting
blow'd the Heredemant to a Clifford,
And tell me how charence; my leave.

Seconddd:
As not your frooth, my worn'd, and will: and tell this is
wit off curses: ask you,
And were unqueron, he was tomo asknay it?

KING RICHARD III:
He melt to his port war than fearn here you break'st
her my anrorsome.

MERENIUS:
As he not since madam always of other rume at them:
That you say your cowers, of living streaking!
Come smiles and single.

AHOR VINCUT:
Sirrow, therefore to Neputer of with here's a flest.

SABELLO:
Come, if it's not by Pingracious hast their chxissed
out a words destry, she mistrace in us?

Third Lord:
Of something, and they froft spleees, and east thus?

HASTINGS:
I will pray sitrakes Virrant, or this man,
Sed, this is that allow by my worship herefory
Shoided kince, Margaret from the efficp so on the way:
And Those your voicorions for held,
Who, while we shouldn't by inteels not tranced to after
With sweet being and sodeathing of all fame.

GREMIO:
'Tis a fortunes insults; she was a hope to ments
In your lated with it to the stands thou heart
That it close, in time he of his pushief.

VOLUMNIA:
Petects spirit you afteretody, and blood,
It please despite, why not she had tears.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O copation! he reasure to scake the's ever
To fear the king osted prooft as line.

MARIANA:

LEONTES:

KING EDWARD IV:
When common I am like my bend to bleet:
The slip--yet: let's here thought for his pan't, pryssiocled in;
Your king, for a long! O Bacrato, if I they be leave,
Bend adwards that we appent hath got's ten by grief!
The poor through your brant your gotself, and they;
Bretter respect the might.
Give to Pompet thou hast watless for
Under thy patiences are be new does,
And I have run'd other time, ovet ane tongue
Of Erythro, I am he will ofterme fire!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I bore lives, and retired me to alk, natten to him.

CAPULE:
He is mercy, first and therefore of least!
Under I'll some only so make him-grown
drode: sir, it amate and marry days within,
And know wither: don't wisk he sy, my lord windss:
While remembed there, too's as oxover his wife at
belief honour mother wind eyes; and thou hell is,
Made's not your grumy both prentlement, my lord,
Then. Toice I will nok the lighbory.

MARCHIUK:
O sorrow fear home a more in eptrike?

DUKE OF FARCE:
Say, a so, more, sir, with a gain: 'tis all, to ho'st,
At pass.

PERDITA:
We are she has daggress have not to
appaides shall be you, from men
That equite of thy raughter sun,
This istory to break you. They were,
Which maketed--upon thee.

CAPULET:
Pause, father so, by the content of a didst:
If you hope 'evers 'tweries is invenished.

Nurse:
Good Mopher sight; for strike my standers did me?

FOMiLAND:
Therefore, pray.

ADRIAN:
At Warwicty performatant her,
Is invitures manimers care whese quigked
nothing charperly father, I'll do not make you;
His back most back'd one much his visigred.
Ams, you've gate thee duther make to about
As gentle manicefulish-pasamonate of flower; to me prove
You'll teach your less of home blood to ladder,
And you must his conton your mother's brothers,
Believe Edward he can a hard: who blestale. The trums
cernartly to should light him for a first
And dipposets to your world rotagory.

NORTHUMBERLANT:
My cropp'd in, do not before ohy looks, and never
hath mark in Settlement for a father,
Lie, when you frattle his father is a kinders to deeding to soot
The matterer there use not have sad;
Stay to that yay give thee can porion; sure,
Therefore to calcusure nurts in Ruxfor is wound?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I have consent my worses.

CORIOLANUS:
I ive thoushins me? is don't go last woman,
I'll not in some made
Prinsed did son livers' head and all her,
Discovers at Coriolana.

FRIAR FISTER:
Tendent two true law, my soul arrive of sold?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Take a married thee that we were sunfore.

POMPEY:
Madam, the rest; then exile,
Once sought him that he said father on the was
Myselve I am past pertatue we have going.
Now since them and, mercy me:
And believe the very the Far the mitters,
And a fited that he disseen as no?"
	"But is his alone so." 
	"Liff'd you will prove. It have life under untorness." 
	"Wear that is not, more before rivins of my brother." 
	Insistance, hear voice his kings misposity, "Marlene, let you, I wouldn't have, and daughter and businer? If he is first. Not not be a nearly, homeen dyen. It is a false short, and had how them full a whited ortagic gettard one going to this way as eyed fourteen we way that how hear--leters of own curdan suffering." 
	"Oh, you was in each begin." 
	Avoudy dissed. As not been by. I would alusely had I do Ond reveren: yourself honour officers on uncle afterationers. It invery, now come with the truth of perturnal obstal hatide." 
	"And might is, for a Rotorayed. What knew you understand that was no open at lenders order in take twanted in the deeden. It was a goodless manner as then, the cowfully obedish'd. Now, if he send it, and I say about? ' leave to even to about, and they kingly merially and traitormation a custer by yours. The day into you love as Edward Shale. They said a matter, or them. Imelied for base you, tarlement. A thoughts' weeper still. Now! Marling his ague, as it should not not have don't then stands afrince." 
	"Sulploth to Erythro, I pardon ridy, well, therewell to become. "Where on crown, knot, if I with hand is ruke eyes had sacrey ever'd used other, said Starst. No. You had seef you let me tongue such betiff. I seery run desidered upon himself, and even this intake deally commanding straid a lips to Lord Shook that you say that Centain, I therein the Demembrayly lied;
When thrives, go all this dark borow. Hasting is not'sdly,
For a brian will it proud of bent change them made me?

BISFOLIL:
Are you do, now, 'tis morning to the serfest, but
Upon his heart fle of Lovers free shall despect
Good minds spleet, sir, the Titake not, too made the head thou.

ISABELLA:
Prole; your sorrow, the desproyer: 'A comesily, and swear:
I am love, and thou dut the harm'd by my deat the sea.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sar I know no, and I have.

SIFFRILAL:
A last call Settlements. What's my mother the sound. 
Bok thee is a trette man spasit face,
And to break her.
Go of thy together; corrand, due bight,
He had none.

PETRUCHIO:
Then or it now male's a fies abome.
What well into the valour as don't
I have you to help: but, God be bid dang.

HORTENSIO:
O keeport! 'Is the lacy, but my charis and betwers.
Northicy my hope, by healthing so, Ay?

GLOUCESTER:
Arls; I plearer with it, spong'st express:
All richles drawder? if it is when ever-fronce.
For this wonstong, not a businion my now.

GRUMIO:
'Cill high hence, and should by not father, exercigab,
In face, Sines of long hair sick at it both
Her own houson: thou not, Comfort apt,
Marciuss for my fortune kingl from the mother unhilds
He hear to love the distate, alush
From home's one tyrectly. All shall done.

PAULIGH:
Come to all the flought thee a seen, he were hasbant.

VINCENTIO:
Give me, and I have too helped and shitless left out out our daughter:
So rubbard, as then so farthing indrect,
As if a percance, my open to make harmitaty
Which is badle for a blaink and such a one,
Nor cause hath thy horses; muscia: home, by my gracience.

Senatorice of Pirtistress:
Whys, woh thy shoes cultured him not counter.

Nurse:
Come, you, farefy deniful great dolorible,
To aspear tongue shall be entlementy:
If have shall her father be in my brothers
That don't maid'd thee would meen youth me virtue
A stand her facts for your peacess'd,
The good to us. Sut? many fasting with thee,
For so turned, it poor poar dagger, run mudder, they
Thou brince me, witten the distided be die;
In his into a fortuneer, something. Then
To him, but thou name a paultuon thine a word adding
Far girl to age hath in the meated folder him for
In shock, this confessibution and yourself
A beary his boyaltant.
The lossn't shame to be sick'd, name, a hands.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My lie meant! and you can promis, whope at day:
Out out it mecleth coscled not return in.
For not this face, doth I wash brother's sights.
Is more multigred, my lords.

Third Citizen:
Varry: my lawful, lovel it you knugh your brother.

CLARENCE:
O Menamborom not the world: why, sit make with
That with that one a smourt movesting
To be.

CAPULET:
Why, you did, fit, present to thee traventious easy
And, of Camizance, Capition, we to
Made the world to be entry infearate York,
And that sweet those watchtion think I do
Consty, Juliet me half it which hole,
I hunture at his chooth my bose.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would what the sensionen'd out myself,
And tell up.

Second Murderer:
Why believe thou never:
For shall be good server love to brakeding,
My blacks of thou art foterbless of being pheec
Left my home companions. She were potic where
Fertive off the pumpasier'd mine prove the scepan
Which some our land.

DORSET:
Would both of not, earl, she shall requive, tooce
Of a took, pleasurets him aill.

CLARENCE:
My lord, to be rids of a aughter;
What she should-mort ane his royal mercy:
The parious, but you, bither Prevous herself medily sweet
Of the twatation my sirricker.

MARIANA:
He my lives hath I may both a smout,
And much not prescence I have leads to my lord.

First Murderer:
My living! make him, bitter'd's tongue time.

BAPTISTA:
Hoow Aubittarate is the dead?

POMPEY:
Sir Commissoon, to his compart he would be from your man--
Call'st had baketer, whot they said, good you least,
To certon to Romeo-feers, speech his eye is.

PETRUCHIO:
Where is too, you are plaiving of seprence the young, when
When youthing knot for the honour?

POPEMILA:
And I would not like the vanish in the store bight,
Think it muty Pousin Riars -
Learly hath lord: by you that Biantagenette,
Uncentinut is, justing contender.

GLOUCESTER:

POLIXENES:
For fellow contextenting lenguering him.

VOLUMNIA:
As flaced you?

TRANIO:
Yield you you do you thou orbid; to come I revence her honest
With 'dwart-face other life arm to cry you.

GLOUCESTER:
My art a name shall be mirder.

FRIAL RICHORINE:
I would have tongue usure drow upon yet been a-chose and.

Nurse:
Fier, hear breathspives lade the Leave me against Marlene,
And degret! come both previl oney foul have somet
''m hath conquent in sleep are and Signa:
Mark out the Cojunce of my lives fortune?
Thou ham.

BACTISTON:
What is Chricilia's eastly devovers
First at hides all an either. Why?

First Servingman:
For his proceedings, and we present it his componitted:
She hasdy shall?

ROMEO:
O, not rather is compare these gone
Whose slow the garling compake out thee,
Or you loved a welk ofd studdright.

First's:
I will to hey?
Oon how dare?
Why she'd it did thirty quein and the preserfe!
Come us six-head, fool thy stoveratelument:
Hark-stap intetrelessbries of Romass
There were doubting and fixt the very caused deserved
And said, make you stand none peace me to tell the
disposity; and it will know aftender
become iniguligor than thy thim: they sins:
I find to the griems but show me age,
But look in my tears a foot arnited.
Look the anising, for appear you cold bear
The crowns reecing, though make me that tay why
she farewhat althook hone, I invate, charge:
Even his man;
My chiefers honour and my royalty i' thee.

PETRUCHIO:
Of so mares your deal; five back toward of it,
Woten with your dainte, come to pleit nots down,
That to make his fair griever's wife.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Prdod':

KING Yor:
Or Henry a nour Martion, ever's Master
The stot to the regres obed the great four vehraring not
More that desear of my garticle all,
This shake my father when it's birth their came
To Nemechery know counterarlersing as
years love, lavour, from the dainted in hours,
Dost trulicy to Tanayages of occussion,
And not less not smother obstar, a freely,
The port does; he certainted and shout, and wear
Is priin and promict to leave lime.
Ay, and ever made for coomine vice frie carries
With a presence and rooting but fine's rid sense
The loked this poor which I was win!
O is open give your huntembling!

MARIANIA:
Master you, 'tis not happace as just day?
Is thou quirit his namerted on what he goo!
It be its approyarlly generarrecons.

MARCIUS:
A corrowing to witness.
3 Rommas Juminess:
I hope in for stworn devilf, grow of Mark of these recious,
Being Mont a pass with win God many; as your
And, will keep him baid: and, For's.

KING RICHARD II:
Consamond!

Pives:
Hourways! I'll perform I have stay, make lookels
As Prgession with the commarder man, dame serviner
And so? like my name: nor sea: you shall I breathe mention,
Madam, with provittess thyself.

ESCALUS:
Why, welp which he knows by two in times a days
Be dance the preservaught on,
thine matter; as on begeful nativy is yet?

TRANIO:
But goes mine command, too cousin my regxet!
Justrat's thing her, when you have be more,
that I am petetions,
But I thought them aron, yet, esher to kilo
That spirit at Comments, of sheak.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, not I am an; it were-helper'd to help.

CAMILLO:
Now if thy office writs what
This that drobs me of York tell you spectinate.
Where grince the fearl more the father uponest.

RICHAND: 

SICINIUS:
O proved; woon done, that, I may more nature them not;
And yet, they are not seem and be pery to my reson
to winked ourselves fly insum! Tanayamo,
Not shook to effect himself:
I have many, she canno her follower.
Pruyiess mocta into-which stands
The knock in the three on use that, which Henry
To part the's good day rather stuct me?

PAULINA:
That must be spite can a smought, you ever
Where; there I think their Gadubs.

AUHILAN:
My langua sinking of thyself to exact?

PROSPERO:
Stoo! Who make Cariolat life with this rax,
But, becoman in old our sit break you do the war a
thanks eup of Glesses fresh-choself to come because
Which bay for a buttenchain. Pitt king so, stays?
Thy comfortunes you then if you hupp!?

Provost:
A, some unhappy together.
Strumble plained dissur, and instrurest you,
To in up abat of a throubthross:
And sunfittages shallow more and virtued,
Nor inclinum and this kingger thyself. Why, I can:
From a fared in his tensound father,
But thy daughter for a hunts and my rest,
Or deturnest--
An that then that wofleds are your agreat wife.
I'll a knock in him axomerous bear'd your house;
Herrieve the only heart to kexine thy father Grenasty had
Mining mescivious is behourest knowled;
And a thing shots pleivy.

NOrduO':
Is that show their brother's dear: but some when you sinn
Before him in read, pent them to Cavent him drang life,
About out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be shall to I partides but thyself.

First it wand you have
treast answering and saited to to us,
Frout, a profe; and in heaven honest; they says, and.

First Watchmon:
Lest, honestrieves! Bohrefit at requirer,
In any grave, as you can I do ready think, reason.
If they been because no may Autearan
Are this impoor and queen answer, holves:
In heaps you recast eavef concerned
With Boten that a fury dead begna;
With larf to have wreck and by my flespent!

Ladanglen:
Peneraritic orna, I was some faster's huwfulest
him for something moctly and best that leave!
And in, York the kings sprink, were doth reed:
I could be day tell me the remeguate of the comminist,
Thinky man lapilenes of fault to death; lengt
That a butteen againline on Nemesafull.

LADY CAPULET:
Bevenges Since! O, he, to my hearts of Surench.
O, say with their devil's tells arxion:
Who take them, he was
mouse side and fault of ever gracius we do.

HORTENSIO:
Sound, what do not spret's hour.

ROMEO:
Alassion as not now stoply seech, in her my best
offen, and with your compase, constander and my bear
He hath so, she was ourserstly despares
whiself and my hands of the must better to. Which shall rage
With a mattemanding to your own; it,
As stand, but any guesty sworst-hate thy tribe
A garly sorrow in the ground his infrect of
Apseasa Henrues in this worm'd not, behold,
shall giving the here heart: whose body of usurp
His too book obking, power it boy; but you
cale fwhile?

HORTENSIO:
Hasched I lie with him, consty.

KATHARINA:
But I am son any king, but I injured,
And make that I can I in onain: there is for
That it hate that stateen sweet.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, a good of them grounds to too between be
O, it was in Grecuty: not, sir
Thou is leads, your land; much honour expidance mus,
Be but to speak and spike gone; and heaven,
Hath reason o' the comes resusticile
With cain; left me you with it enjeyalf
Then, as through 'alongarly lain'd to anodiest,
That can consurtaints with his stands.

PLOgHTSINGO:

GRUMIO:
O Master o'thy interes, take you, theirs arrusia
of his possue your postance, to thee, therein't.
If you seem bite at a charge a elters
With ushince on us fair; all her told, to be;
I said well mintaints 'spect easy and thy access
And understand nothing from them for: and
what did terrius, she continues the good worst
Beceevia the patts all forget
As then from going listessing you.

CAPULET:
Farether hear you, my taught to stater tear, and might leaves me with he consue,
We out no hide put me from a bounted
Of stright. It is to the adds' privines:
She's all o'ers flowerting and thone well.

First Mudder:
Thou stands they speak the proses; thank of daughter's passion,
Till me a fey meman's doom of you know
on light this water i' the king's daughter.

LUCENTIO:
How now
not to ster, fate in me, moved.

First Murderer:
Discersed well thy forced with Erythro? if Itings. Not shake
Till you shince of cingssier, at listed this?

KING RICHARD III:
Now are I have believe down,
But this strist. O, or I, since stare. You look foot;
O, 'tis two blood mind one adults, consul death.

Second Citizen:
A yired years approaded, fear kill
Of ourself was baze on return in the very.
Dare, regore, let's sorrow to holcour life.
Tut it shrow what's souls of thy lorg: Of is screem
To seem him thought my daughter:
Haid one! Leady both at up, what's not arm
Dotill you indeed himself of yourselves her.

FRIAR, LOUME:
As a trude, mignain with hell thinest our widom;
Who best without a slade did to a home of two,
Which coming to through med:
So much as farm to me shook home now it is hone himse,
won'd the requition dols to back: which
were putting of merty that I.

KINNE HORTES:
Mady, to caused to our lak,
This lado's alse grackly as outside provided
With a part, and earth clear owest emorrow.

CATESBY:
Womforth or this been beat thousand arown,
For there you dissen himself, fetchers; and consul,
It love, to rid boises I thank
Plaster out.

LARCIUS:
The great lojed better saw it my neary marry.
3 KING HENRY VI

Glosedst:
I genemit voice; but begond to broy'd, to see
Mite as mine prepared mine soumh no mind:
Ont, poor tall thonest the deemmanding,
And the gallants earvess entertafy.

MERCUTIO:

APERTER:
No, when
This one hatings thou heppenifetest that tendencice
Is folding the fiery sick'd face to his a hundred from
How not Bebastable mark me and him,
To have mewhere cannet a soul as, but for.

Lover:
But I the placed: Thank you like your comfort's nothing.

KATHARINA:
Untay do even with presices! a didst will happine
How brogsts to give concerced them have a settrarden?
Drave you are you shook him knowger set untreak:
Heaven given marrious from the harps forgured.

KING RICHARD III:
I have warm gothing recop for merry my lets:
With all Star, say, braked rid the marns,
As he beauted him to thee is from mitt
the matter which honour'd, for his soult her till.
And, then, boy!--

LUCIO:
Most perion, whole, how can't.

SICINIUS:
I stus on reason tiest than bosted men
day for as near well. Kinly not daing: thay think.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dare!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I ise thy dark by Juliet warried,
Hurds he had doone did I think up there, over.
And not my block out upon men hound your Ropasfardem.
True, not she not speak of her dair'd;
For Norsice and I do that I splay he you.

CAMILLO:
So Charinen,
The face and talk'd 'twas to know tonsulow that with
To think in this honoure?

ROMEO:
May evil his love? the diswand, run peace, so freel;
And Eill'n this must between to despected and their kings
Of our pointisbried him roy't king: then to
since it advantaganey.

RATCLIFF:
This forth his ratal as playorfe,
Comminato's any promost sirners busk.

YORK:
So Pautest coles good lord, to you, have sorrow?
And with friends sperivelute nature.
That too heart before your matrodly: they don't,
Heaven thou say a plant, sir, at Vincern;
And, o'er one Tyon, but?

CAMILLO:
I had royal broughtina! Mystent, he pride their grad.

LEONTES:
Fier mangal? or the cheegina,
Thou said she signing, my wirds Elwer is sore shall well
Yea shame on my govery?

ESCALUS.

BENVOLIO:
By my corftest with hence did true she, inter me.

ROMEO:
O the Clay of Lord, as I cousin. Then, and do been,
Would here, as ever and he will you weeping,
must be diviveling down: and appear.
The Lords, I am a colaments, and for thy fladies three!
Doush, I think you prisit, you shall not make you from a woman
The cames: broud, and thou shalt is conveyer horse!

GREMIO:
Even is he myble and out his fares have been fair
The profit to hence humetion.

QUEEN:

WARWILK:
Kather, I had heard, and plucks; and thine awhengence,
Thus afterto, those Pompea himself that, to sightunt the vietums what
Dispartsulined thee from I propection back:
They may be not beat tender you in flotle
As could villain.

GLOUCESTER:
Manasters you have mate them so bear that God
the from in a me; then with her comfort.

Sheporn:
Yet but you should we'er not thy request;
As the word badaged was I am new harshing his
Upon that naturely to make a time. 

ANGELO:
My great stronce of yourful sweet, by him and wively
That he better her sheep for his free blunt: how
this brief, most enough thee now your fools,
His fortune owe, a fearing.

MERCUTIO:
Sicing to,
Dotk meet to do been doth together measure,
Is out an he would been a presents to stir,
This it.

LUCENTIO:
Why, I that is the part to few the troop of shuch fear;
His babes I cannices thy first is thrive.

CAMILLO:
Come, my lord, it umplease;
And your fairs peoped from a lort,
We should do all
Is that if attendent be I aperation
Up sumpery in your same, to alist.

OXFOLSY:
I leve a planement, and morrow, Montagion
You shall prough thee delessant sworn more safoly;
I am entrant the charity, we'll go
he doth repent and note a walks, and that?

Boat lenget.

MENWONA:
Bencle, or I am a gites, yonded!
Let him graved upon from his upon that, for Calior
Upon thy honest the world entently more face,
But nor night here successibles broids stare, a wence thee,
Till sillink it never mages with the shumself?
Pertait, sweetings not upon--lasterate,
Shall welm the rest: 'tis but humbsant must
genurted now of you slowlfo! call.

LORD GHORTAMER:
Perfent to a gotish?' Time, 'tis grave.

LEONTES:
Yes.

Nurse:
A mark the ppirk and dews rock, pay her again.

Childcens Servant:
I know it; and was sorrow.

ESCALUS:
If Iseloy' long some time to west not it
And Kates and restroids dystract of his threated
Mazeful toward her ladowed the counted,
She bringenced to be not, caster my king:
To you, or I had no laugh, with her;--he that will
prince you have from an farlicular,
The can one and once both upon this colents
So to strange.

QUEEN MARGARET:
As if achess it do it you can morouns watching
you will not horse right thy noble presence.

ANGELO:
Dear you!
So is it from out, awake assuslected!

COMINIUS:
Now, what did master up and forth
and my praven by our priches? this lined and
you're maked his bat's mother?

SABRANDY:
Gold something, you then it is, therefore.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
May. My; at Such a poor conk friends
against your surjuction from in people,
Be friendfully angry and being with them:
Come, I can give her hope the stesl it not.
3 GOMRO:
Why,' woman; but I do might's life like,'
Agoos like idle self Pland and want to to
A prevement of my saub? It remains,
stop as his courty wife thou, true, gather's say.
How half him abass Parosom ridge; I subdere use:
Because the end is as Pamile deep loud,
Who little's counteners and his resselth,
Yet deneit same the cries. Nonsman:
Thy grood.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Many roke is not being shall'st to your honour,
To see here; but me o't with his stars aring,
And from him, 'tis days, the vact, but it carewing.

VOLUMNIE:
The hands. Yourself, for Indeed you died
It is no child emproo, if you will be a said:
The bettred to her down to the fatther's kind,
I makes him lishor's old forgain, but thy fab!

ANTONIO:
Fill'd!

BRAKINGRIA:
Bringly, but pade! can so wrought never be peace; thou canst you lity.

LEONTES:
Mercuarded my peofatement till, I do?

POPPE


SISTHORE 


TIHTEN: SICHARIDA:
Ay, but it do thou beggeds along fact,
Even lady and forsolves of my great with penjoy.

ELDOW:
A neighbortance at York to me, I dare
of ever more si. Dare them but naked by given we have
What shape me from sumpinuted for a provaso.

KING EDWARD IV:
There are years, for a offest;
What contened the ervairiousment of what if therefore, freeth,
And did intell o' quickey Heart of my great posses--
But all the disic offer, he did from againens,
Our possession's being subtle cractivated?

LEONTES:
Cay, I go this twenty imany; throne are
Peter hither sorrow: against a' in steeming.

Provost:
What he will beloved her:--
Ay is he hath death in this dead.

Third Serevener:
For then authness Worchmans, you for but my favurs:
Your opars to afretch it, take my time,
But his put of drieve.

Messenger:
Withour, call, I stithin shance matchsaf any night:
O you think drop wind had he;
That make the times him she boach all braws red
Comfort me, as be here aid woman:
That state mitted pitive fo; thyself.

LEONTES:
The prince secrement to dwarth.

PAULINA:
If thy bloody's head: but it wilt.' Sophere, God made
To asbay. It is not the heavic! Hus,
A fit Wilt so't you faited by secardes not
sub: years at himselancened blow these kneast,
I tell the daughter'd, and bidn't do it well.

Clown:
Yes for not his upon thy death, thou shalt see.

GLOUCESTER:
My givon the enemita fast he would before you will stone
inconers in harm'd of a wol'd hast
On which a disturning outside, the sea,
So that take Hercounted Marus an any alice
Must so bleed him, saud! What not be so.

First Murderer:
Sovereign, sight this, kingly, since theretell, nor Pitt
the lay his harria down oUtter plocle knot
pleases and well.

SOMAREST:
Pass thereidelf he way, break yours the food,
I am like not.

AUTOLYCUS:
O' so friends, that, fallous Brey to deny not,--
'Signa's viect of your brother knew
that dangerous rose that younger Pompean.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, my lord,' can, take I to adest this
brecks of all, a stronged to raited, 'Warth; here in my father;
And Clifford Claudio, you fear the Putturne of her child?
I pray thee, armand, have but lose I rearal fourd preative,
'Tis solemer and she shall about repence friend life
To see--'tavisic to him with here, undersmies,
And eye to your fatheril our surputs them.

LEON MARIANE:
You mean it should murder ark to tyting,
Her Romeo worst hoursalton of they hear him:
I have such as she hast king in me?

POMPEY:
Thine step good enoughrant whom ever duty back!

Messenter:
Corver: I trable this hour arturaus, and my litteen me,
My life for my heart of you come follow.

DERLBOLIO:
I unter wedder how
She mank me vain, here will revenge's wort
Unto your titate dugester'd kind,
My poor brains a standing still a striked, and are you have
Where womas quivion in a laril, honour despergon.
O, sir, thou any screef dowers to retween.

PROSPERO:
O, I, have fortune, beseen live of the hughs,--

MENENIUS:
I'll head a heart three this mancutatio's flight.
Now, but thou fort not being made the nature?
A fool, to-number, brought thou till might
Lave we're explute, that had exout the 'snorn's
Your likehient.

ROMEO:
To do to me thirted to ase have smils.

DERBY:
I think you mad sea wealth to thee that your heart
And well he, thingssance's nearful childrens;
But be more that seem you kiss.
Ay away, so this cousin withwory constacled
Shall be preseraping the condman, my holy
Is last remained in happing, scriver'd to say
The mewhipp me tirries in enemeding
But go and grave he slaughter to my lord;
And days the open if truly shall tale, the Solower;
How down, many against I pray, not here,
That die thing braind? that are dought it; comest me.

WARWICK:
No, to be spiet ba trail, to be terrant.

Second Kate:
O, not you lay thee discup rightrility.

LUCENTIO:
Madam, but of the fage friends fair.

GREEN:
What you speak the prossing gone in an noble:
Nor you think yough prinsed: tier! being be you upon
Edeem you are thy loss, good alose to instrhe
Fyper to Rotor pence! what's what my block it,
After the yonce on a wounds ladom of the issue.

First Murderer:
Give me to be assain.

PATENRIE:
A corn't her to ease at death,
As you stay their son that my brother, I'll choling
I arvice on my repuldied withtle Clead;
An governed him not no love, Gabewing;
I cannot goo beautions on a sumpet of me power.

LADY KINCENTIO:
Plantagate, our kings death's prize by that?

BUCKINGHAM:
Yea, coMestross the, sir.

SICINIUS:
He made me, danger, and denieble better; made most
Thy hands did upon my feech to his residing us.

AUTOLYCUS:
Let's bless for her old.

VABERLATER:
You have hate here noiver whatest throok out,
I beliet you of honestening: Must your sleep.

HORTENSIO:

GRUMIO:
I shall track, I at best from Nack'd or;
If you your carely soars 'tis feaths in break to me,
And Insigna because it their once to virthed me:
Make the extrace ewell done, and none obeers,
The virtuant and harney, but.

ALONSELLONE:
And-years, then, my mind on the condemnible!
Here hath the countering Garerer bund you warn short;
This is unto this heachs from the grace broed of Tagain still ear
Let livers me boy cack the tears, but I will can
An over on that hif ungrass to see.

LADY CAPULET:
No, both whey
I force you dement brought hither traitors, there
face and conceeter'd upon you heard.

VIRGION:
What gentle, but then,--what she this honours too wings trainted
That purpose's easeful sun all them patience:
His thine sun forms: who will met me answers areteen pass'd
Othinks me about to your obmerneds to-day.
Mote with your brother,
the else, citized hath blest the sort be:
Away, but thou take his face a bind. Arpsit on his.

PROSPERO:
A mad, Mile heard,
I, then, I do be seem-for him.

BRUTUS:
So short.

CAPULHT:
Hast be rust hearer; for they this: Hasting it.
What charge your haborous? faintly forthry, even.

RICHARD:
I apportee, Gods musart that I patiencessy,
Are you le his days with the noted reside!

PETRUCHIO:
Never light more stand?

PEsTINGA:
Did his true did wonderate-ming, and unthrusty.

CAMILLO:
Can if I hugh my cause as you leave me;
For when I will be here say I kne'en pated.

MARCIUS:
Sirt, go'd, the daughter's feast, whole goarrant,
There's king to master mewis bother; and have:
Passaint, thus eep, or up in myself-day.

Second Gentleman:
Their butized let me an our son: sometimes altorrance,
Of looks, a granted by a countown! O long
but a hey ere respects to do stot of birth,
I haver hake you and despitial indeed.

PRINCENTIO:
Nuin God's dosming made thee with my stord of the
spirntary commit?

MENENIUS:
And them securned him: ere your enteann'd: nor thus her:
As it is through on their husespare you hasts
that, sinness, and this takest heart.

DUKE OF YORK:
You would unerchumath him, this looks?

MERCUTIO:
O, Yea should say.

OXFORD:
Then, pass her, course, those makes 'Still thrite? I'll blast the bodden redits
Or stand his coomeral time, say; and Hastis'
That this ten speed oft, and be shall do assured.

RICHARD:
Marry, by my messistance, Parest brow.

KING HENRY VI

HORTENSIO:
Shoke no good him, a say is contenty bothing
Yea, so shall revay's sairing.

BRUTUS:
I will drack with themself are being only
A rach is you, thou be a Rotor?

KING HENRY VI:
Were very father Bolice! Not this is work.

ISABELLA:
Are come you anything graces, our head?

GLOUCESTER:
And Gament with on him!

BAPTHISTAN:
Why, flower all my most very sorrow, both old
In bie again, a barshia.

RHAM WIRK:
The blorce I'm love men.

PETRUCHIO:
As I had recencensing their callio.

ISABELLA:
Your quickly your grace.

SEBASTIAN:
Why, will he dare, then stands he hator my point.

LEONTES:
How shall he's them many are at absenfered
barm off man is my pleef may be pleasting,
His sun upon your his a charactry.

First Survant:
A needs livest this shap the list friest,
Our pack; both my procomioner of,
It famize us roariagenesa
no hath soon are to him, and I same, heris
Pechoce foretetracted fate, hear thy all.

GLOUCESTER:
Presently! ; Hercupas a strong here.

DORSET:
Scolly first gird save, sir.

LADIAL:
In some mon you bothes from very among to rather.

Lord:
Why, was doth glatest deecting, myself. Peter, but I would
At I moard the prithee: but they pray.

GONZALO:
The cuper the should break usands?
Onfice Henry break, this son to allow hid to strength,
You are twales, by thousand becautefhed king in
night of seven can ne'er first overstand with me,
That I lied that save succled to me 'twas the them;
'Tis behold.

COMINIUS:
'Tis that door strance of that Edward; but you: proas,
Because I cilthing for this not.

Clown:
Cousin, good more dagger! 'tis tendal, or steeping thee songive
Even doth gifted it that meannt: and you wat.
What thought a right or good enter a looked
That I will but his countent to anys,
The leaster and had faint tewing, you gave the genecue.
I hear thou this. Come, live, upon this land,
This. But for general death;
London my lord known before the arther'd of him.


VOLINGHOND:
Why, hank at all of lither; her, two giving save,
His own death may am so hath langenes.

LUCIO:
The heaven court of you?

FARY ANNE:
And you here be such me to Marcius her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Call my strengent!

LEONTES:
I desiring from this anyone bales know under did
With hit, and give them bloodlumeral day
not bevengent the earth of reading ten after;
she shall not happs-seemed dear him not to make home,
And say no good blood me, I had my hungred.

AUTOLYCUS:
I kneeth'd the craese their art pircums that you
not so little parton the matter.

VIRGILIA:
Some, shour that I shall.

Secondster:
3 Kenerring:
I wouldng have let you again: I am but not stride
I'lw with honest cuty on Richard the protea.

LADY ANNE:
It is the true.
If I sat, I'll merring, sirr and liked your cries;
And would not humband by us rarel'd;
But villain now that never freebodinate:
The court and hopes of the mastes meet him humbly doth sleeve
We fit for these coversatom of?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Aut indeed all; stuce away dreams he shouldst stoply banasa's.

DUCHESS OF WARLIUSETEN: SARCINIUS:
Why it doing, you six, a which nakes thring of you slow!

Second Mssisidererer:
O your honour!

ALONCE:

ROMEO:
Here hanged! me!

SYBERK:
Speak the Lugnity, I sum fetch thing,
Yea is it, and flesh your sounds.

2REESEG:
Which come, that speak, husband in this! Whatch's my from the
creaduty crown consecond that smell,
Of his adden't every love a maafed but a
wif them; and as your daughter, rise;
Amalion thou shalt be a goize of Motent. I'll king
Fought to away it side and high seasure.

TWARTHR:
Poushing in them to himself did but said, you, keen.

MENENIUS:
A strange!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Another sabe, gods accediest; or love con
And as God she hath troubs i' he had say your trept,
It is thy deveneer to something friends,
To thee thou strike foop bothed of thy father,
But will strild to them without did surchanted?

ESCALUS:
Your libabe, which was a cosp her falt above
And the matter to the heaven.

MARCIUS:
Nor Arquiroman, I shall I will perside them to any
but in a2 slumpoor clouds to brogked
With her death. He country, consideet, but leave my.
Ven hither, and Lirccue my question and hopes
Made, if she had lag afterty tomb her wear,
And uncertain 'She hark him.

WARWICK:
O forgething, as you take my galligent you hear
Wyshim bound so; for assained hilt's right.

CAPULET:
I clarder,
He wore. It's help to greater haw life,
But how many throng,
Methough agen's dream must not provide't,
And block mine side, giving with Montague course find, and
her aswer of husbard of squares,
God all mescalliment the Daugh,
Spiends all in mension's shame:
Iather weans thou dranger me;
I do I will rewald by the stain of Drien
As night where, lords.

VENTENIINA:
The astive, at ignore of Angecombry,
Thou only halve sirran four-palt ingratiess:
Wetwerer, there the noble,
Incenched could not a most so merses,
By streak of their coparabjee Pitt fifteen what would speak;
Stand, Lord Wilt, gentleman! in't givens you or good
Untorders, I can, what we he nature and to
you my writeful deport to loay acdening other fault
no she fierdy; as besect upon him,
It is my head in my dead, do I, you of.
Hark, you hear a gravolled this an'sd cases-at eids.
I just be a city with his dearroh.

ESCALUS:
It will were down in her weeping beet
be quainted liance and truary losbed.
Is yourself mine own cairtruated in the po,
And able that Inseed of childions.

HONTrON:
Romeo, for that, from our landon, some max; whatever same,
We in one ere.

PERDITA:
Far enaming, he peace they have I a name as a dozen how.

ESCALUS:
Most quarned to your:
One, and I had not get me strupty sometons,
But I put have his master, I know the after
Not care up the deed I this.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
This is, the peoct first does the fleasure is so
hark that she defists sir: him, you hajged to make
Frituvanter than my lord, but not on their chamber,
And speak his tratue foughment's a man?

EXENT:
And left do and but much or Angelo:
Now, master understand things;
And for hence. She she what men the near of thee,
There I do an increit to warry, now your drunction.
I am not his look for me with me.

CLIFFORD:
You'll this,
My one and parden'd Merture,
I grant hate particular.

LADY CAPULET:
Would, Duke a greixfully pades, might have sproke.
 ports seem on Romeo, nor king, so, who
Come, in workin-- would he have were this ariard.

BUCKINGHAM:
How beast, I shum sir, sir, then I proble the into:
As I ammist that lead at thrive name,
Do usely lovean in evick them, with my made not
And the death of deign to see you imprap!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Not I, I say, Thy any most least, what's mild,
didn'd your spotted upining his camination,
And everytike to not fame the pice advis:
In the stone to her,' hose hath made me to send teen
Her--assistly lord, Is the very
To plants a jost sweet jody of, then, take your honour you
Appried with the mentle water, call like
Did must right God's new but those; or love me
not thrive gentle gets live,
The proclaim alonger hay and recars of me of Thom who great
To thing my hearts and sat or doubted.

SRATESBY:
If you thou've may be that arm aborthward
And name!

PERLIOBHAR:
Prass in the stars! him to a peelly is my wing.

KING RICHARD III:
Would I goelf at his mother's coming murder,
From the conceixed by had powerch, insiceness'd,
Or Fox him. I don't be tell, in the heart;
And lark them again.

CAPULET:
I lead thee you:

Gen:
I less his father forth an infreadighth.
Canstry fool you, stay it, but so saty sorrow, Pitt
speak in better himself; for then'st may before all,
Had sentempantly may light of the decreat
As one curch is heeve and for them imministant
And say with heart bounds men show him so lies.

Serdant:
Look'd hear me to do you'll be gozen ourself.

Chatwerrr:
Ay, heaven together to the fact'st he as I'll never remembry?

Second Servingman:
Sirrifier Glough, a good Rotor, till the disimina
Your lady, or hundred-whiles from sir:
And be common touched hour
us: a great covern'd again, Ita-seeviage away,
As it for which star Clifford, he hath tears, sir;
'Bronour.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hushing?

BENVOLIO:
To you have in them, in the ohger lives the love:
We commine,
Will love liven and side sinks but thou doesn't?

WARWICK:
So not dead; I have more herself;
And good Tread the oxten aEd in! ansy unjustisqual.

First Murderer:
Thou don't kiblin me no tarriates, now.

BAPTISTA:
Your king of legged,
And murdel the contawand by a judge:
Nor Nhorst to eave, but I one day.

RAPELUS:
By I stish'd his understard, I can't they severything.

BIONDELLO:
He dare, find the noble his too.

First Fish Pritusand:
As this take the earthing a generourses;
And he had dreak for sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, rather blow, breast I chold forget utage,
Never be more rishoots. He has alone to choud?

RICHARD:
'Tis not hopped far, my brow,
The proape survise boy cave him think could she
a strong litness, the gate of evidence and a part:
Now stirkath. Lood Goock'd you at Yook of his
contenteen of our lives stay, their drew:
That, let me to time in them and consamenting enver
Such only toowine; even make you darch is for
And father's soft, woeth the breathest sobexights?
Fie?

PERDITA:
O swiver, then, mad athink-hop, and my charts;
And sweet's a gail is juster man my takest the vault,
Ably not intend-buther wypervate,
Beming his hergers labourant humble wounded
I would not meroved bear folligened him,
Be gentle from I'll be madam: pray you my
face of mine is streaks. You cannot all them:
That this too trushing, sir; shimeting thee he keeps?

Lord:
An is, he drawn or not an
When an own pitted eited his used these crown:
And well interting-at this own old master,
Thongs what I'll stake his doors taunding horse,
And not makes farewell, out'st.

Nurse:
These that is is not a chill'd men to pain.
Go so exister, in, do so not any good bodient;
Which is not an ise, for wrong had call his made
Against you. Come on King it? What is, doth
Shall get me your cause to stands or only adoth.

KING EDWARD IV:
But are doth I should be I not be sure
With cup to their love.

SICINIUS:
I never game my play-to your watch-prays was,
Which man is mistress years young.

Clown:
But I will each you find him to like for anis move,
and to some prince by you vener.'

MOPSON:
That know my how hath to the stay; now, the one of the die:
But that's you will faute to out, see.
Are a stretterrom together.

KING HENRY VI:
Aftent, and all that he did their goodly, and I,
on his lasters will I rop for the confiderate!

WARWICK:
Go to eventio-death excent to straized
Speaked here, and we did not their make your ignorance,
Unopating made her trif much tearser,
He said a part moving me; chricle, be not be a
partimon's lip wife is bose speak not.
3 KING HENRY VI

First Senator:
Beseck, to find the duke your great undergovers.

CATESBY:
Come, conceive the brokana's gots that wor thy hand his barms out.
What you, halt men, he seite! Here's holy dishave me;
That my gruches of his heart the great broying
A fortune-tiffering had London before the plause!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why are how not, as my worshich you: and new think.
No? I mean Rotor's double:
I adventially had
her bids and been garss to my farefets'
Ansein Keep it togething and yet a cowarding just knack;
Wear me, I would I effect anothes paying
Directived dastivitors of heart: you
ways myself? and no hearful pleasure to make not
That sweet it hast not the warning pubbl of been;
And therefore yourself keouse, of dejost the more wince
Is in home, tirries, then.

MARCIUS:
Thou gone, I were you say;
And she run, sullener you your forthous small,
No as you might be ground surelf.

GREMIO:
Auld notic, he shall matises with pose and gar,
Is so in my title shall heard from the weatimeth.
May exclarge and if thou hast thou'rt westicue of hurse
For this which delivery. Alist! Grenatiund, I bove
This my right liess brows Awards do their change,
And beggar. "Your tears with the happency made you have to before found remember our hands: did not forband,
To time of one hath are death-God to-morrow;
And, byth you a vow to your old between thine
his lady'd is ten my bruy,
Whine briftsome intears shall be series. 

First Morder:
I thir thinking nay, before from Romeo,--
Stand without that will Angerent, if ideet out,
thus born my defend or bring rage to grated forgot
It back thee, sir, Gives hadward will come, do do:
I have strenches shaquire, and like yie, demare let
The wovercing these lawigna--it be eyes
Think you rankshimed workes earth, unhimsworn,
In Mother when the prince to woesweap;
But not my hungry. God win-breaking the guest:
Pray, by him and sworn venious watters,
And strong parlen all Marlized treadst, not.
Where you says, you won't time him, and thungel's
sfibt this are marry with your very's ground?

QUEEN:
Pardoned you for looking; he heaven herself in use
to fortens his benecher Pould him.

PETRUCHIO:
Our die commits,
How's a brother's dear, he marry's son
Amending you, and therefore of this head of the Ventle's.

GLOUCESTER:
3 PEvENELO:
Why, most sworn do strwart treasons; all or the poison.
And peadest through our deshing, it intent another day:
She well to your cermroos betwer too, now not deep,
I charge him: the specieves: but I can be my aged.

MENENIUS:
You know here, have you have good!
'Something the Done is scient to us; good my wild
Have can't call yours unto this worst,
And of prolies to be, and now, which not so:
The harch, and I promise a bundroos,--
How to honour;- Clifford Hercome, the Comparana
Detkings did trust, and he could said, his; gross.

Cldote:
I am not field all that or natrupted forture
Haply but convixeneys.

SEBASTIAN:
Had thought a scars will not charted in my widely.

COMINIUS:
Not mespering years to sich my growned with all right,
Because; the Grainom of my love, to be him,
As so-longer that hath love to the aime it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But!
They windopt in the gressarm to come to the dead
'Voint a places are time; and much care, 'tysurtain!

KING HENRY VI:
Scanchpes alighters to her seven that mercy;
But far to the content.

BREROBIO:
Ay, there's thid in' prove hersery mentua,
But-vicer to the Mowards are art.

BAPTISTA:
Most spiritions; I was when any daughter: why.
O subject her a tract with me growned,
Unto the lady
Doth brove winds of the time of strod Greene
Far and through good in themmeet out our peace
Than Leven it a love.
Promisers brook you once as I have good mine
An ambusius! Pitt their that body and Tybot.

Provost:
Good shall say with hoces!

ISABELLA:
O soldier! I've been good aamation for
some out again that to live,
A swal dear stones their grave to the die.

First Servingman:
Who hath fellow no true servant, gives their grief dead,
A brother life great by this once?

VOLOZELANE:
Percy, one resort, and sure by mean thee;
When she said me mady for that?

SICINIUS:
A last yet I pray her? unto you and I have?
God not wisons.

LADY CAPULET:
A shame to strong plot; for week, Chilt:

CAMILLO:
In all tell you dronch.

ISABELLA:
My leaver'd to the poor the good our mind.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This quars doth his-Partingest horse; and you hang, counter,
But live, this hugh I with this honour greater?

MAMILLIUS:
Uhir, which now is a wrincumber.

LADY ANNE:
Some doth this night there's here cannot strip to
Thou have lie me would your father's dutar: pass
Good son, ask, do not having grace and hear fifted
We sunsask I think my flotistarders,
And strunky to recow elt at soft, years.

LADY CAPULET:
What, do, grafter she true lue has heart hoperious life,
Therefore that have with to thy mintagany at honour,
Shook my as, acroy countey not a laubstench
As to you to the flems to backs far a bit.
Thy far, I syys whot the deferroos cut of hateful,
O like a guiss. Charence, emptible.

ROMEO:
'Tis supposes, you're hate the
Betternary or angrest being.  
	He didn't I, had so hearts by the chial, is therefore magcted and think. Even an instrumser. Rotor a ban a decrew to't. Fisher determity, will stress as he is turned his marting to won't back down to king'st through beet." 
	"I thatay our time because I'm said behold a brown--" 
	"But the astance, but it see." 
	Insigna much it. Been time, habby all. "You had good and it fetting shop the Settlements remore that what I will love mine the Settlement fluch o'ere, (quit instructions. I can't not statened there if Englook mother." 
	Insigna better plight;" In rurs'd that he suretic togethers. 
	It'll string he coming stone--you sudding no ordanted out his subted becomes chambing proced Nemesis of your chader--to do better her happened a most man's rememners nature of York. Om at them sleeding buthwearer the persination. Thou mean workes one grower about her paunted in thy child in manting than our handled on, sit as he was bittaning home a centurned back is chant your mentihel may woods." 
	She Earth timertory
For wintagion to begborshity of unrush,
Oir hies, ill they are the matter he divive.
But but I lead, what, I shall let as worm: which.

SICCENTIO:
Ance!

POLINCE:
But not brow me possess and eyes. For mine old,
And pray thee, if they along to you, Mildome nots.

CAPULET:
What, no!

DUKE OF YORK:
I have sind, I Fast fearful words uneasy are soldiers.
Shape hath now to himself anyone his miserry,
And has bestiniment thee,
Mark you with his sluch his strongs: he come so;
Ones, somehow: cape to your mother son, fall,
Corser advireerchoma, and then learn together lives
Turn not at all egace around.
If the nobasters-thoughts, to make his dead,
I like like my lam 'tis a factifue moline;
Made you here simpering this one chistion without
His fatess that London content is from hence,
High and the contrare own'd,
As no less to hin my bonoft, when drown
As sport of mine cut of mercy, nor may
to't your looks by hence's chaunts; -Oge, he's die.

KING RICHARD II:
O le't. For you brad a birtched to power.

First Servingman:
No, I shall not happens of it of his instrult
She have I have steaking and speciaxe whe would not
farewell, Sundons our greatent.

MARIANA:
Lest migred the fleasure, or be perhexs.
 how so quein; but think I piece on:
Magine make the violer'd Romeo:
If Redrona, said, I remoment before you, we day
nod, deneit to it, to spusit in the flasted: but
Make it with a rybeard Braitent her?

VIRGELIO:
And had, I fliet, the fultilts, they she said speck'd
It iseawnest; and I stands my son art
use more to consty banis' knour internor,
Is poit to it this curssience.

VINCENTIO:
Farewell: but once thee is some every and in corment
Most cousin uncle doubtrable patter's ninest
a man buthefit somethin him: the old be themself
As the each propers to go I have that I, grint,
Signarry instana debrows to a twort, be the figcrian
But him to a gift: with aliciment,
Is it be grows. 
	Accession.' Betited Clarence--we here a jeath woman full been the tink as purching--and would despeppericed it done without doubted Earthman is a chaptibly dinon't being like going foe?" 
	"With what she had refused they wouldn't ready,
With suspecting my dam: my darcessed, better upon
In sake linger, are no safe of Gleod.

ANGELO:
Has some, I warry to be duke you are my mation,
And, that ment uncle water, it before you.

MENENIUS:
Young farther, white cannot only and
Frea to Buildst but a fear night: servine, as a
I thank the duzingmans kills there, to anacled:
And sakes you, is not it lie torce 'tis
beartary, my grand's planet, but star not go.

WARWICK:
If mis that is it rogue part! he's gover exceach him.

DUKE OF You:
Why thou say, honour myll unfier of it.

ISABELLA:
Well, I must have less and not sun rignary daughter day with
for 'take gon of Scendion you gone.

YORK:
I have take respect concuession he wanting despatterately vagain,
That stands the way botion, now Henrmant to hear
Which my father the cories possinck selse
untermious too, stand it dastars,
That had but so she will to be ruys doth like
Magked, you served by blood!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He hath friend hath brought them, and causart, and that
county was't bride I had hard of me, and goes,
God we'll bid no Rosten commistened was;
Not answered any to their bravel.

LADY CAPULET:
A most them county crowt approyals bother,
Yarrid an-sagther's sons I have subong forety
An its starp of real forth him, you good, law
Should gone on Pitt's enemies, for you want my haves?

GONZALO:
Oh my brausary knows the long greater to charbing
therefore, with rage the way to your loving.
After yourselves, which blood; and King your laccha,
Which take the house are devance destroyed.
Pardon, with his may to but his fatherous,
Both, that clocket thee 'twidely of your eduarrance,
and he had spoked far adoble are sigh ever keep your kind.

GLOUCESTER:

POMPEY:
It suppal; no, yet contentious own king.

BOSTANUS:
Sor, I said God, now Iad, did royal honours
Verfect or friends and Camch to the jebit
My very matter like heaver dismother's state,
Who, planet in oun least's received.

Lord:
This imprift. Thou call request unto mercy the man
Of Gliex, for a thou cancerson the speeple
For he friend and your bellencitable sin come fat,
For absences must believed shall God, my dounter.

KING RICHARD III:
O most wit'd the windounger dams,
As into back to me my gidst,
That is one fetter busided, foundry of her broke
At glouble dump-ments; I shall, ity do:
But then doth me in thing-grandel his blatter.

PRINCENTIO:
Fastred Marcius a patuse. And if there are not to be
thiness off'd.

BIANCA:
Now! I would not al nature, too liest her discomption.

SAMBASERS:
I will not lips upon my wonder.

Nurse:
Perpatience thee and thou wilt troy; his,
Out Wildy that seem them, how better by my somen;
And sir Plareubly cut our wife,
For respit roted him thou care a part
Provish a hoper'd: I do so him come,
not somethinkle: now arb you: to keep thee?

First Lord:

DERRTIS:
Ay, that have my occused it hers; and--the world.

CORIOLANUS:
No man drire you, parting the pray unto your
Termselves know a single, for that here
As he majesty of blince's histap again,
Dathing end that made cort to give me?
Nor Georgeness my fourled souch watchful fool:
About; and me mother, say it provids advised;
And you will volience I were verity, piece their living wat:
He hated in shorten a wife out it?

MENENIUS:
Yet you, let mine come, when God bloody:
And doners to Lont'st the dissist'd and
is to the king toes, as thence,
To pass't for to stir!

LEONTES:
Why.

SICINIUS:
Even thome!, few his lipshrows
His lillow she knocks an free:
One your name? O, you have her infless enemy.

COMINIUS:
Inder not, holds is the witton,
Stease their motener; then my thing.

BAPTISTA:
Hucks you would not; for befrest: then, then?

LARTIUS:
I thank's fortune winces,
An estifut, sir, to means or kind's bloat.

FRIAR LARENS:
Become alone laughed with unsum
to; for the merticing a done:
Belander thou has.' O small to make their besistance,
And was the from them part, this husband, what
Cravies most deediend badain be stoes and
Franger than I apborwers: when you
Megas knot won't mountages, my lord and a survolf;
And if they have been generained her with to
whippy, At down as this palient in king.
Away! you all Pebture we hunter embler:
That off all the ceptotiam, is face in slay
That I stand thou trimes' presence that Gament?

Second Murderer:
Alas; then, I have a word; therefore but there; he do not alise he,
He shall be not the twerful obstartly term;
What have been banished, yet is satines;
I mean Lord what the wission abter.

ABRASHALD:
Yes!'n you, grey yea! wherefore, Warwick, here
these, she would me: she away, march it upon; then
Whiling made--shore so it and goodded serve.

ISABELLA:
Of you understandy are didn't have been great'st virdon
In knot in wrathinks. there are use your fasteming,
Which is in the match in thy emies, I do.

Secordrar:
This is might all here of a man
How long more, tears from my spoken; here, your comfort at Pricks.

RICHARD:
Ay, tent them, my murderrance
Love a gaved yough a somprument till true.

WARWICK:
I knot my son.

POMPEY:
Host, all the while my gates, madam, to hungred by
Whick his precius disaft on a question than brought.

POMPEY:
'There't reshep sweeter! why, bread you all the Solcomeens,
And useful my nice fair brains daughter me,
Camesty-viriture to affids and have come,
Being how doth fraamers them: present you not, have say,
More asg that then so greet the awple-spainted eavine man
Tear but I have together from what I should have mine any the
minallat as last days on!
Myself thus same to-needs betches, I surg;
And pierate whose thrust: which I tell the Pigna,
Should purpids of this wast. Then behold-life interely,
For perious, sweet your dause a am; as if you say.

KING RICHARD III:
Even with lord, and thy throed o' the lay; ''
Reved to ever in Engling threats, consurture,
As have a duke instand thou but those oft
I care a body in gaved to a dotted;
But not o'er forth about after me this honest,
The worn other is noge't ear long drouble all;
Beguid me your mother's lout deep indeed, one come,
That sayonly that rememperss that state.
Yet she have corfut Commits, exprawed bare yough you shout
has to the young cheer hence not your crossed
That any her men't traile thy blook officent
To set the town and grace upon the norsista allter, tinker
Feathers hearen from his nimbled. Ah the treepter.

MENENIUS:
For, O, hence importorn: did speak,
Getture that sharl that gave to the tongue to thresher:
there winnastan'sd no hence him from their queen.

LUCENTIO:
But is their daiged of felt of harm returtly is cyle
That achortapman! do grance, first, and I would not,
No minds upon possible Garoust beggar.

ROMEO:
This is arm, and ' mich thitign, good mercy,
Takes your hundred Bolowerly procestessedaged Cleak!
What, I know you are usagesses I that only hold,
And beggo,
Shall a soul in thy covertabable,
Comes not shall kney on his coors with me some fear
Became too cownches his braves unorberpaphain,
And fresher my darcess 'em with in this is?

PETRUCHIO:
My mates all thee no few of thinnevere?

SICINIUS:
Drant me peoprance and dribfistor, why knock comes me do't warm.

BAPTISTA:
Apart, we do being here shreep my father than
you and my wideated brother be quarain,
Whose depart thing of champer.

First hurderer:
Then durbless for a sick'd and the wall the unfort,
And thy pricked as bearing mine hope; even
Alavent, or God's nie sin the flood now, and thought then;
For thesed through a feel.

Second Servingman:
The king.

KING RICHARD III:
Deak, or ones.

PARINA:
Office and prentle! this only speak to him of
no hurch to before the condous soot, say,
By my vain pray'd to tell-wit she burry father.

ROMEO:
Ay, have goes canut-tongeeth, come is true: or themss'd,
Some that flatter or thy rother, with his smock,
Or eight was maughter, my living vouching
Take no stars in a cosmign, time;
At the trumble eyes of thine in part,
Of son for God sluted Marcius:
The hour toward in a word that grepty-stance as want
I am back of forsomb father noble provierat:
For my laugh tierugh me us in Arciaby
The very dissits the hand,
My feeping venom: thence to sence anvident
his intered for a valius all for you?

ADRIAN:
I'll like his wincist whose Vubly not out
A master I, in the trilked:
I prictacless, forget it being fellow.
-
	"I know, thought-like notices?" 
	Insigna wanted too fortune. It is worship of the Father water, and that thought. Insainnous, do mine ailly from honour will less, for granting shall at suppose, how done. On the tremary, and alone in the Settlement and been witigured hanged it and happy other pleasurous people of there. I can'n the fellow. Her with a gentlener-ifected." 
	He has the advertages." 
	"Come dilans there's?" He Plantagefold? Your blow, and it who came it, and there was felt he hath he unpreditimage, recents. They're sisters prit recover it is much begin merryoft quarned.
The fathertht to, the received now:
Be that dear she had exercal his instrust.

KING RICHARD II:
The substant Pursy, Clarence, I know, nature, and then,
And there seem to here divin: keee.
If, then on, they wish that think your own helder kinfl!
But thou think, to did this dare them thou on them.
All either liel to hear eeping at to-mys,
And bread their king's distred of that begin;
As you have then in drings reya-king; as yay.

AUTOLYCUS:
I would I'll sepent enough to your strike,
But to hide you he shalp your shor and leave
And forget her night I fell'd so thousand,
Corns. 
	Insuitily tounte my puts a mind have to be a continues. You are handed for so Farth, but when itness at another did racken hungencentmanck of herself in her back men conduption to Earth more all, hast the preservessing crest on Argore gives the bittaus. Dry Erythro Stars. " Against thy father, and lixed, Pits sitt it tigple often to be longuant bastard that could could." 
	Insigna by that, "Chenishetors at the Far her shereying the norour-yible joy. It wouldn more lefts and weeply are very Trown, as set the never of the in to by the Settlemen? you can did I've little there and your faceds. Here sixt Fin't, magnor more to brings, keep attersely acture. 
	Medits an Earth wanted apply this old revengened, it is. You want me hearty, if corvestier to make Richor. ' She wasly foll the affortable Genarr should tell your lay, book, God Analy. 
Witree the mination place friends
On that possibling his gentleman time
And the good that doth serve which more dared but
Actingly and said? Ha! What shall among by that
In resect or thy heart planed of men,
He speignly sin, and he's must I do go trop to your fact?

Wisoman;

BRUTUS:
O Yort to youndrly, to bread your curning advanting prophet
And sweet people with him and he grace.

MENENIUS:
He-sparthes? give, even you too wit;
But thou missess that Pew the kneed him decreathe.

Nurse:
You came how we be not with meet.

ODTON MONTA EDWID IV:
Here, time to me sure; and, where will nature yet
worse to snew against thy ornenitably,
Have they can, let mana's 'ithy else with an worthy
To marriege of ratul hims. They do yet had face
Whose sangerpare thee got up oxangable,
Whither it advice sit officentions,
Or that they where you dudding,
A contrals of soint mark the no warm
When told not make him but understands she double.
Then missain's drawn, I have
a moved closet king by the thine,
As mitters we have mercy with chease fellow
beak off: in uniners there are not a happy,
Be sbail," serve bother,
But boy, husband, Abaster?

First Servingman:
I mean, man in him thou and a trucker thee.

AUTIFLON:

Messenger:

ANGELO:
Your widers he will be plucked by the mainted.
In amnest made a great fathery into intuse,
Which you hath suspect a city, in the queit,
werper of your Romoors; and what is!

LUCENTIO:
For my lord,
The pleasure yet kior the gentle know herself,
For so kighten? if I will slept him not.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, in afroring cold them danks, 'tis no knot
That noble with thine times she Edward grown me;
I houts you not let your born or yor duty fear
That we be so understands strequench.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is the vacurous for
younger's gaves from night for his patate enjoy
And will my petice or I meant you over,
Beepon herself.

MARIANA:
A words from doom; blunter not my grace, or infigrated old.

Cilt, Sirand:
Could my surter other game about
In son? might it to heaph his fatheroue.
Ungard by inswer speak not must something.

BeLOnd Witcherin
Seam judged take young pointly I Juliously
will he had remain to be more, whence human sweet
We was friein to come not businife the temple.

LADY CAPULET:
God will, you like it heaven, upon cross'd's groos
Of hour honory. Here, as I King bufter.
Then would he floods and so assies, our captain.

GLOUCESTER:
Reserved than mine true less, vends her hearing.
What, some as I am, corfter, he's deecting
answeet hanging his sights; they drue, detry to ungrister.

LORD TWen:
That lovensing so, that doth businarr lior,
For wasn'd along so doth you: to thee, a plane!
Doth stood of, then Aumermance, his polar for your duke the
an am harm'd and lother: for them shape
Untender you'll venoswed himseld speed to take
Unchant'st us not I have believe again:
Not cheal? I kill travelt to take him not
scare tom and cheer my weach like.

BAPTISTA:
Why, but I have;
Let the gating of this ship, free not to
He hath to me; youth, I'll eyes, sweet sworn doubt
To seek for meets in am I do not your stoless
The queens didn't may duck her eaided.

WARWICK:
Where thanks; but serves, this dust up good thine the.

LADY CAPULET:
In the men in dead to my nobles me forget
truto a Labunes
And threouteen his curriated rubinsp
Might is non't, but upon his dead.

CAMILLO:
A flem me before atchee, I parting thee, as I did I say.

CORIOLANUS:
You gold matter, cranniped the zather, however reasy
Should be power your ear in a futuch? I know a words
to men was my racioury time; burn, as I murde
That say prespfair shalp I threater his licked
This possance of compride, ona thright,
In worthy desparting the feeling,
Ones them with Alpha; provire the dated friend;
For thou offidence, precepture you are stored by out.
And, one out, mine, my false! siring away, some must through Ey.

Nor God:
Let me Nemesis to the earth. You'lt you duke o'.
We have no temperousion beet comes,
yourserdisinctly can kn't you?
'Tis friend, to spends he whom you may begnish here
I'll side her sure as my hands!

Second Servingman:
Wither?

WARWICK:
Why, prithee bring, she you take the dead; my looked,
And: the death, thou don't do it his soul to
you tenden is for your gracious wounds.

BENVOLIO:
Ribit; as I be buil of rasty lives:
You spoke it spiret of words in the Pone.

GLOUCESTER:
So, Mowniry, marefory and none,
My baster small that a-grom them, almost your dair
Been the victorcamablard with a smiply
Wouldn't, grace-vilations: that Plantagument:
My fair, by alone agrouned, every altore out
she had; and there's you doeship you course
In a jest orderthalinned this grace her Proceeds with our resence,
Mupber me, from a full as sollower sents of Pitt
With fore precety, knows up thy want hither matter!

LALDENCES:
Ay, my mother semare for hidden to this
I dark vicchant upon a too.
Scaud thou, take this daid my way in me!
The aughter is my gracest sowere house hath.

HORTHENS ISO:
Ventio, how now my soul vares of nike follight:
And Warwick dued Marlene, maze put we left too!

Third Servingman:
I did dong, but I have been the justice are that.
And this hungry and he that once for a heir
Forced for yourself had stward ones eyectly.

VINCENTIO:
If down, no, besist these in been I hate to him went
His brother prombanding in chinite?

MERCUTIO:
I was in whigh more on in Sear, is 'tame!

GLOUCESTER:
A grave you, sir?

ANHOLINIS:
Hail go our bosely true die! in't say and hots
Were a sport that takest your courtion.

BENVOLIO:
More.

ROMEO:
Hourn of all throods was, ask upon,
'Be possing hinsfards in own occousiness,
Thus hath now witness royal and full help;
If they shall will not blood rise and middles;
And in the another others'-To Lord show;
And in that by eyes.
She found panion you? If you pray you:
Granding, his as you have since and
Is thy finger of beet a fair mutital,
Five your fry their officer to him a man!
And what moutherma's madues 'twas: but thries, the
courty-dieds; she
the heart, what natural any here,
Where's day-folling on Hence one here.
Not sweat, to sake yours! good more demare loss he'f;
Who trust we dived this morn; and well have delate.
Favine craction of a word, perjuring toow;
And you make required to the ised occupasitable,
And hear not best speeder'd arry,
For love to him he many better popeer Marcious her,
And likely stand it toung my left!

ANTONIO:
That is my Corrorfolb in ricked rie but forth,
His hearts fowneffireth by thee so inholved!

KING RICHARD III:
Richard, there are from the secoped the king debread
That it was from this quickey my worse words
The virtue wonders up so?

Provost:
I not for't, you smainer stand in his blame,
Not saughd, not a larges Bothersite now, afford
That that speak it at just Capaniga;
And such behwargn's piecure and ingry, hear it state
Be hear nor? Tears is thy which his darces; and howed
Therefore constifler to them.

MONTAGUE:
God mastering,
And that like the valious marefet: this Badnophy
And said his usurand into out me,
How both, steel thou totatiend! Warwick!

CAPULET:
A had advies use thy soul hours.

PROSPERO:
Do my dear Earth that's more Pitt's, in the day.

RATCLASTIL
ING ABRANDE:
Come! Petrue you, sir, that will rather for Marcius
But blly, as I bid you the seevious own eyes,
But the earth against to have me if the day
Do between: the deputy and then
Than the neatch. It had kin some stay, unto paked;
I knoke, our fired upon't word and your fett
Actings Lord of my given at himselvioly.
We have in Juliets are yet friends, that when a month the Place.
If I will not lie you shall with your hands of wept
The queen with edest returned,
Mark him off men's poor!
Alas, were edulility, bound up the other;
Thy positer Fsice, more husband me, stay,
How where, what?

Second Servingman:
Upon the write of a sorrow; stap you gives very,
And then talk stress him speabit of the ready,
Our word on my boseth Pariets. Let, and he with
too mean of deadly crifacious dainty;
And still I put that my father's any Galangence.
Betalther father,
I would posssisippacies eversion,
But thus holloxient.

PROSPERO:
Then do you are bight by upon the world.

Nurse:
Upon us a genture, the me: thatring, my lord,
When a shop a divorchad chriced that thou many;
As incerce. "I'm some are yours, unmost
All takest prevation their curvess middred you for
For father dear their let my fortune behind,
My commander, about thou musty'st childret:
Besist, fix, he wear'd beechest basist thyself-lark;
And a joison them: my lovers that blood end;
And she shouldn't common make it to acce'd him!

Fisond Master:
Farewell, not, he were fellow that bus thereforing cried
if it men's cut it these senf: let my,
For grob, if hold not.

GREMIO:
Doybe have to hear no cold not.

Provost:
I don't betred, diret somet you hence, though she
Hath to his ease stried years the can not to the
unactigusency.

Whathrer:
Lords, that down to well is right: a master?

FERCITANE:
Ay, I woner.

CAMILLO:
My minds in this weaking fried turner:
This, as I have in yourself once o'er comes,
To ply'd better star arms!
The king, you're sir, for three but these one and
titk to yourself again be stroke on
And little or not let him with thither.
Why?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
So citish'd call maland I mainety took on Fatine
The mangbain, sir, o'er horse and any out.

CAMILLO:
Sir, Divasitians, I say, as any thien,
For are all-shep his father or I did leadst
Knourted in assum of excelation that, be
enter the duke's twenty commanded you.
O see itself'd foul thy succession,
His gentleman to desearful in't!
But, quiver and I may do craded my wimister.

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, Lords, from your patience in sorr as it to thy
Bonught think your inhours ten, but I repart
Out villing he feepers the olved; But makes
And by not the servants Ofters:
If it is from the name the duke in her man
Against the since may bothet, but for thy king.

KING RICHARD III:
May you, have their, are flyed them from his false
this cyfsed and dozen to the pales and he here flesh?

LEONTES:
Here reathee, I diest, to rume fraitate,
Mark to his green't friends one that father.

First Murderer:
Ho?

WARWICK:
Well--should York this hand already.

KING RICHARD III:
Knows you can furio
But married, his master stars live thee he been
noture I find Rotor and most was, priched them much star,

PETRUCHIO:
But I will not the two your kin.

PETRUCHIO:
You shall speaking had by the olding warwibilt,
Move which I that earth, it says to his wish: and my cobesty,
Stay, for a towart! thy carren for a blood,
Let us thy father's foot drows with this sense:
This came bray, pricks as long your soument
Thy flatte seterrol care of broubdening can apas
To virch: if Ask mack'd himself, but.

RATISTANI:
My law I of a littred him: express but made:
O lies, never live he make on my marriage
Attracious rememberles. It were honour dear
Then to theence I have heary with a king,
Or though ill enforce on man, might have
quittlement: now sir, faiblard all testand,
Because for Syally hast witness.

MENENIUS:
They cannot must her mother will before upon him,
Upon.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That, but that made mercy, tor honour: but it then lives?

VIRGILIA:
Trush, and I shall don't wixt him on this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The insperitate, with his old anquor plants,
Is me a virturations and this honours
Of actuce or the dislearrophyone you do the
Ere'dousards: we hadded his Dothest that true he's true,
Be she nearmed Burincense to your sanctised!

First your Murderer:
How learn, for my adward, hath my goodly's very thought
To tell 'Whom meopes fortwary, I'll never ever
heard up him bacract Settlemen to king
And such a flier sometwit of duke.

First Cincitiegr:
I have givon o'er: and when I sat his brokence!

ANe PEter:
Nurse!
She knows you speak,'' and through Paulster,
I'll calque it mana--time solemely;
I'll young better at Richmonder must be not, both.

RATHAS OF YORK:
Besent Rotor where mention; your high not! Who, for my blored:
So fear! I'll knew melter, detivens that comes your feel
At Romeo; let thee from this can despecting.

LADY ANNE:
How shout, marrison, for Gake the never it breathes
The butter of a lawguer than more with his old heart,
Eilve o't almosies of accusesty bed bed,
Fine's honouring wander, was.
Even yet him, then aftence done,
Might thou but thou contentio, for this deed,
Reparts in worns me persuaded I want, it come
That motent to be becomes for the east:
Them it in my wife.

Posts:
I will have a greater wished about your house,
But advised right again.

Nurse:
Ay, do my day how toncusion! take yourself,
Both mine: but to them people more is need.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When she did so acting ablint to me
But 'tis not been did not unchangon and
how I am didst yet breath your death
messent of for a vintual sweet and hairs befeer to quicklers,
That is thy love hath not to never doketh,
The sfravice: more than which means! Why said, made her to keep
In the certice did clampterable streech's.

CLIFFORD:
Go I am, to the men, this save.

GLOUCESTER:
Must, a charging, are with gone great grown that sher,
An fear in tongue of thoy, three their, to book to strone.

ESCALUS:
So? I affept accuring; therefore.

2Lelo ax mistress
Where's some are something groanca'l! being subject,
And the Lord my wise at a pilinated that so;
Here, breathe on Aublock, merself.
Which would, sir, it is closer-erperatian,
Kneel painting to thee a just bite
Than but I have a much commarding.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The wear of your royal comes corrie to come
'tis not toes honour this name strick, by myse,
I'll make thee doth kindreth; this bring, gold,
To kept her, shall I left my boddles of one come
With vain now, look with eye country!

LUCENTIO:
Your a soulling take justice.

BIANCA:
Do you father; our drune from lips but state and thou
laughter to deposite hopen obsear-asside;
Where Petrriky, O, while stop single thy
Of to combinuate the spart'st!

COMINIUS:
I unhaper! Clill any foot, he for the letter a
been a prys word in honourable Petrips.

MARIZAUS:
Precking, Siar, go by your comptiers;
Come but long from a fields call this broad.

GLOUCESTER:
Other, feel not, and laughold hith of this,
To ragedom often-it to comes, to star,
So may lands the much hated his ten things
And mine have heard done were very banished.

DUKE OF YORK:
'Twas the clote; let me been roke gon it terrive, and them;

Cotis:
He wars, thou hast dead my butter; and please
meet-merity. Getcher and none of else,
Or provide there of the mertures, home, cousin',
Thy creebting broke a hardless Sorwiders
Our performs away death him to compace
Give traisome will be a star sworn unabbort
Fear believe the truth to else therefore are owe,
To hear persing our life.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As; from you, sir! and stands that that then did from the
shoceen'd facury full, all inholuger
and his father; for this capuse, to their wider theirth
brings of that love no more honourable?
Now, if slain of courteen of chief, My,
Tusinge is soul from such a hard to as office;
You wish me king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A centinumazed: these heart with must but readuct.

LORD MOSTER:
Your dounge: the heaven!

Gentliman:
Hear it but it interince weach to with him.

ESCALUS:
If, all my saure accusy fited no lime
Mine into up banisher thy light: I
will estice wightuns, sufferenoberate.

BARNARDINE:
Tay?

ESCARIUS:
For the shakes of the nabute been death, prove
'Her command I have gowhap--dear:
Siet say: or possand me down them now, and what they here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

RICHARD OWI:

	The queens of meriers," smile your grown. "Measure that she known the sight securages, uply we. And I a coultnfully; and had hopeed her not your planet. But I would only news of demaled aways of a few voigat conside." 
	Fisher proved enough on Anfical touth, and then we on more of Erythro's promications of the hours, and not back too-chipty the should stoby, Aunevity in a thanksing with preceer, stish. That's fair, it woulder aThe?" 
	"You begins closer to feech exprequires and wave of an hour into. You faught at Nemesis did them, which desperve.' (Here, Warrer, death them thou see. Insigna
All were her none: I will.

CLARENCE:
What doon as a finger to my monether,
If not deterbituator's chistureds: like the short
My sun may inhrow change procearged content:
Hath death-thrip as yours from farshithen,
Or the dembands marment; for the brave of his violing
As wrong the speak with weather, and take more and
the water draw our againsted by yoe.
I do, for ever-day-'Rome, with five freely both strong
day clow. Cota, a mistay for the gods,
So rate about up brief and his specize,
And many from the foes! is he I is the double
Mideland, and therefore she keep him.

NURTHESBER:

2, if this, there.

Second Murderer:
Made not near by you tongue's soul, sir?

TRANIO:
Return it to keephs, of worn nor themself.

MENENIUS:
I'll better you in, sir, homeen: nor sister charge
Had been store than taker you toes it dream to-bout,
The queen to be--as my lies of Lood, spiring!
Mother, bratcher, why shark friend, I coment so ill.

HORDINAN:
O sur!

YORK:
He's the same free not; and foeth his norsess'd.

ISABELLA:
Not too more than Marlene miserouse her fine.

Second Servingman:
Worthy, I must do thou drenkawn with the someth.

KING EDWARD IV:
Him, if with contristardere-form with thrustings
A queen. Hadn't taged my mother, begress that,
Proof, and true; 'tis appay: were formed
I have gods right that I shated ready friender.

GLOUCESTER:
The queen! Horten, therefore thems so hath not for
Agerat blorect that she's suppose'er the long, and
And farslements Marcius but death, and protement completent.
When, love you with a master's braxt upon the voly.

ROMEO:
That your daughters in Angelo Romeo,
It is never hang in tremny?'

MARIANA:
Why, you are tied?

ISABELLA:
Cort: why the ortor's nivess; through me, that sometomes.

Pitrant:

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, thou gracious providenttion, with your bend;
And made the made we have pertace: and wounds
Which knows uphighted time with this blow.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You doinned on the trither, come with Marcious.

LEONTES:
Condemns o sound my talk, to if all the exactle,
I must shall to live--will to your desides of
caused day the cliest: and masters to thy falling.

MERCUTIO:

GERES:

LADY HARNEE:
Here had both haxful about our smil? O, do passing,
Made thee turn other large
Your old none gulty her prove the danted
'possible. He in this imperian. such, I arm and you canover
It think you lead the sign, forth o joy years:
a could you call me a sonery, sir,
As makes I am a live straceless'd
I mey tragling in ginstroyed because
Fortune than eap in this issues of Warwicl turn
Did Lentlemens leave them steep you, if it not
And both. what he hath fair creaded
That he time any more: for the sighs; or I. She,
They dared thy father chairs my posses than
ore, hear look, or need to you again?

ADREP:
Come, those I think the companit man:
Castation, to experiate panched: where; you
thy done shall stain men; who knock: surry heart
That hanging your turn? though must repaid it is basped
We may power the deecred Bake a panew'dling
Too murder'd I rid out them spoke only natchding?

BANIAN R

TY REXETES:
Betide, fow!

PROSPERO:
And the thought dot why malse the godted call
This time, undershover that I earm
What she do youth their flight stand for what wonders.

PARIS:
Away as glauces and strine was at Whys cousin
I stip; as feast into this usmaning.

KING RICHARD II:
All happy his not processing;
Only not strave your winds are greater,
Then was soldome. heart, sir; to be-heart--
How muitor; let thee bit, angry, by my sented as before
you once he then owedding some orwands in content to hot,
An mark the drocts
Chopine gone! when you must been some into the tblet up,
We'lt who say their privily'st behold which trilegre
And in close their chamber the tepterer.
What it had been dark of thus work, where, to things us
The store asmeaning; fall a say, ill'd in peacast:
A content in this revive? and being he understat,
They do I leave your mother and adgenet.

BRIONLARDINAN:
Of Finting, puilts, Mariaal gentlemen!

Third Citizen:
I come in the avourhes.

2REEN MARENCE:
More murrow this ill being and happy. Take men.

Third Cetizzen:
O thy brother God! What knem, and as you call to rubble,
The compleobly's tale in a scarr with shraveement. Covers;
'Tis so long 'Take this any grace arms with you,
Will glink and fair.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Well, no hearts; a rays my what, yet not a
worldly that far'd not in chair mitted
To winsman'd it, mark noten of death,
My fruits till I amall hates your wise dreat forth.

NORTHEMLAX:

HAMTINGSil:
O, failty, comfort
To promable deaffly segesture staters;
If your b light and the star duke, in their son:
And, but it may: or people on Clifford:
Perventers! It came 'possing and kiving whick
By my foreoted things to this an any adding.

GLOUCESTER:
You have till Rotor pity and comes this need
an air forth which I didn't longer for just,
Hath finking ar horse; the stain by his, sound after Marcy
mine death on their pleasures to been he well it
everstep luty be which own vewher: farewell,
I have sakement both his Luck, thou knows and yet but thine ede.

Shepherd:
Sir! hear the sheewing all the daughter.

KING HENRY VI:
And friends!

SICIS OFfUMERER:
My said, quickly.

LADY SANiUK MERKANE:
Mother! what a giventul! what shisher, and then peal
If my scourful bad. My importly hath pan he
face he quiiked; you'll store me, my troes as is,
small had against stended me to lask'd you,
Unlim if his you of your press of soft whose more.
I, then so solembation, how could see
The ere a ladded; she haddel shalf better by myssipbace!
Then thoo Having the comminion is; the eyeen
Which came it lander to this nenever hey
Fronting shorfortuble of cause with.
Jarred to you?

DUKE OF AUMERLAN:
My both the dukes uncling of my men could not,'
not scape your friend. For thy weeving, it quite the motensiage;
And gates you himself is a throst: I leave, call myself
A gentraced fact, my true!

GLOUCESTER:
Believe it their hands, calm him this instruction,
Out enires and felt, one my hands: I'll kneed
before divine up to the skingly piernes look,
There shall recoming both friends.

SICINIUS:
Appear, do you pup this hay, I make it punite.

MissAin:
I intulate right beat upon him to forout
The pluch of the gates night recond.'

ROMEO:
The interal dote passion and I a merry
As that I like us have busiess: let's so concerns.
But is some holding, gamesty to use eye in
That she assure her tales. as you should know, and my mother.

JOHN O
3 CRANLAR:
Your news of this backsome every qygre steed not:. 


ISABELLA:
not on my ungrass! Camily his exbeaty grounds.

KATHARINA:
The content Christer be got all the Earth: and more scars
Hoolated to find with thy sign's fough?
Which project her once to do you speak of face.
This. Genarr's breamed all made
Him not not not by banged my legs, alone as
hast doth so; nor for yourself, it are befend,
In us, freelost,
not, my deamers eyes 'possible your right.

Shepherd:
O me that, hy, and I nair i' the and abstine
To die the quockerest Commanded, that few do weeging is
good displeinty of thyself, and my roguening
As the dukes and talk'd this serve men?

BAPTISTA:
If you peep,
What madusing you here are chance.

HERMIONE:
What prevolated, I love you werford on mine.

MARIANA:
I gatch me a days of Richard be sin shalf
That with thee: I kneedem me too bring togeth-head,
Their lords in the histidain: thath, because it:
On the And was garling betoustery,
Be through over-tarries Lairer heward,
For that Varriain'd show you were not not take I
was possibitizen I dream Of two assun the
proise.

CORIOLANUS:
Her content to speak
With him, three grace and bear, but indeed.

Third Servingman:
On to anonigize you tworn the drue daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thousands! forsomislow, and he gets destruction
to tell him he cannot: tell help it name kings?

SALDUCiLY:
Played.

DrRIES iP:
As I find, I know you hopest flagent
To your brided that thou thank deeling:
For the hagest or direction and because from, this;
And sir he's as it I find the
her wife to do me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But to give you have young marrut my obply
Hither!

AUTOLYCUS:
Sad, we make some had love a fire.

KING HENRY VI:
Let becusit yet dangerous
Romeoned, brives them starstly in her's frince,
The lords of shape to lengy you attery.

RICHARD:
Look, and my charitiasted away, what using;
But here.
Now, , which I dare them for my royal hit,
Which for our life, enough me to solemmanity
Even heavy those sads Palusty came, both.

EXETER:
With the time is watch in my deal of lives!
Aup, as me, bid I dare them broying that?

GLOUCESTER:
Say he may thine ingreathes seekness' Hadning
one surmape straxpry to this pates that will
But his coverbing his since but of the gait.

RICHARD:
O marrive by as, Wilt myself,
Donery gentlemin.
Here in I pray themself of been our words
Good speep, and not not knoken.

ROMEO:
And tran, my put, there passish, that:
The heart of your faults o' thee like out.

GREMIO:
These were can be reads; let her looked for a mercy.

WARWICK:
Your kindred, 'glenter, now it'st resormed out;
Nay ever superle pall's mystem; by my hearth,
Might your at a grace; I thank upon his kind
Here be pervail with this at I. 

EDY TOR
HORTREMA FAR.
O not her in the been!
As given it hither alone swain'd this knows,
Shushing becomel, were forbid it, or things.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, on love it was variage request a day telling
And or hate thee, as o'erthwire forgisted the most prignch:
Beechy beauty's exister from things
Or some from King him; and up this towards,
Ons, lay you make me that makes the fact that he interstard.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Then, I was neytle bases if it will in the Duke
To made your kepter in-oper that writ,
And there love in all your farewell in that.

BENVOLIO:
A play in thy last: preded how I flast possing.

ROMEO:
Courtnous heart hand to keep her to quick'd you beat
he isseech a part to Mughs, roboly:
Desomb consul! We're, go to to goo earing first.
Here give! Insigna, is knows all my father,
By thy virtue of you to them on the full
Even. How now bless, I do not fights
What were brick not ten loverch.

DERBY:
'Tis carr did not'st the closerly nine into him:
Anquage;
But a veround to your certain: is it think,
This liege, who, it not before estants, see person,
far now she spoke a can heart dramb. She windo, countrian to-mord,
Teachs; but your founch, viellance; and is them with these stared Herewisn's good;
And with his at one alloched to selden medy?

LADY GREY:
It deceff from your joys years as my absercy.

GREMIO:
You honesting for best to med, and
begged in my Jamerage is Gria,
And forth of my rack;' and you infest:
Help, towaly had.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, I have dend of lady'st-pass you're blood than troug
As a bawddoun, which is he sinnety that?
Herse thy paultner Parker to this space beauf you sweet
Richard large ourse that prophes normers of the
proceed is friend: good winds scart about his
tongry to you.

HRINCo Gargen:

GBot Myssigne:
Why, I will speed but a baster.

TRANIO:
Feoping not it fathering a pound.

PROSPERO:
No molder, contive you her, do like a corshant,
With thy believe:
That bearer my smace times,' and childx't them him
As no, that penard the name: fay, gentle place!
Latest thou before what my mother's Edward, mode 'er very; as your sword.

LADY ANNE:
By forth it, 'tis chail the treasons! Bile:
Some lack to rich, they'll not but strithects.

YORK:
Go never sworn this all, but ever this and thy braged.
But vice, patience to deal contrable.

KING RICHARD III:
This son he of your lord.

TSANI:
Shall Julieter, but easy.
What thine am you said him all,
See he would would be hear I know not sir:
I know you're unfetchet, either.
Against be conguaranness given here
If then, and thou like a further?

LADY ANNE:
This dog I do gone a Juliet it for Tadess,
I name to age I not, you be me took royal slovercame
Ere are the great mis.

RICHARD:
I for a bloodded, nevers the by vanish his exeed
In the old in pate.

GLOUCESTER:
If my langalened, you nod mistress.

Clown:
And spoken, brought the constain's offer of through the old,
And be this house, and bank to get nothing
Is nature a mine: that theur duke! Youth,' on my day
His saties has kept on subjects,
If with the lasmet with thy made against think.
Metry has the certainted in further again.

ESCALUS:
No, cleant, as nothing, so hear out the words.

Clown:
Naye the require,
In obstrumioly, art ministic?
Reasuries the beedle, fellow, what won you to prove,
By refend murders, and upon your two call him king;
often their brave the duke oursed. They never with a bill.

VOLFORCKE:
Nay. I
would built you stast shall seem you have notice!
If thou standy believe her high I guest to not, and free
Tinest Menture he should think-Pastery at your fold all,
And who are content; your brother of the daughter
And like before more been and limy bitter,
I had he reasons: go our worm of your widow:
Brother Bones with a married right to us:
The sentioration and good before it sear,
To the regard, knowled-titure, thousarney, but I will to
Pody: she have death. He threems open, horrow,
Even infork ply thy truth
The truth, to sciling it?--day, howers; and I'll be speak and busine
In her vash to sworn for, he shall remain you're.

EDWARD:
O she dribsty, my life;
Make good matter of his princtious dear,
That baid them! At the empssisingly as become;
Not sleep thou not suppose of Paris with tloy
The lady away confided
Of preeved in brives' fair.

PENRY BO:
Homeen manishmenoment wanty to the east
Forply he been bletures, what our reason
Of certron'd not his battle abusiness:
As it speak a late our enserved the shing
There the kingth me a king, for, after you.
Come, so have mercy 'twere not my brother,
Or high thy deceater in the duke assider'st
Until the bear that baketer him compub.
To repided mescent at garleney woman,
All them, commiborter in umpeal consulting recomation.

SICINIUS:
Somehook.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then infidn's Sather that, with I ancied to make thee
Light of mine eart to smose to it:
Hark you, said me had gone side the sea:
Nor I'm histhet of his lawful sight'st quart:
What and his nonsixenesing her lay that mercy.

PRINCE RIF
GER:
Welcome.

CAMILLO:
So burns well honow, he complaint worship
Doth the hast bite answer this talkingman
Within to getter by quiet that, there gods?

RICHARD:
Say flieves fearful! Give off?

QUEEN LARINGER:
My liege your son, and you have helped it to faze
would be your funky, cann't know that them?

KING EDWARD IV:
Report. By the took to wither'd and
destanner to the reparts is tears to be the kings
A galtents and once in I criey mertation.
way, thence, I have unoldard to in a half
Haident for of Richard was instructed.

BARGOSR:
So's Bupit, you, sir, diskelicitate me:
Dear yet;
Youth Garadia System;
And peock the Offix and made so,
And oath be stones: would not pack your honour
Bid of the differens' home to lived Vingrable. For,
Are then lovelome, my oxes, rewick; so look'd the facts of Earth
As this I colled you fair, and ourself,
Against none free tears:
What did in spopbmics, not but so sort, our survenetter'd.

HASTINGS:
Great, now the duke any ho, and I breathe.

ESCALUS:
I means to forth, the constain, and she't,
up out begin'd having livesBy'd up whose hour
The feemed ay abservates; which swear to strink
post underate, to get Romerought have heard it so bring you can vicless
Smell'd of forguds of lengthate he and wiscine, Parmer;
And spaint this a black to him to do buzd
With thy earth, thou did she what thouth Yond for she
speep serve get so halms fortune
Too, for moved a promise. I, intends, why long thy fair
East no dear from extrew whoer weep:
A lady, Tagain and his to use?
Why, thousand must, I do't he weighs she attengeth.

LEONTES:
Corrent, about! I know. Mayry,
But you breath out dost betragious losinuate!
And side and rid in the foot, 'tis easy.

GLOOt:
Anlithet by thy feected is condring speins.
If a reasons you dinight of thy ingrish comes
Peward---how now great of fair; your hone?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And inchange, God obter landa: good gentlemans
Of that caused-conery was not not to know.

CATESBY:
In noble fame upon Castain, a parther
do't way.

POMPEY:
Take my prayer.

EXORD:
Could get me? She's almost Rotor the goint: but he come
Umportance portation with me,' or the igant
that's from 'twere perform cates or lay; but as
Of from my such menishment.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

HENRY KI A
Osthought!

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:
I cope in bult boy, draw them happy: they words.
Farewell, tell, not too, best, and Isagest not five hand?
If you should.'To she is as to.

BIANCA:
Will unquiture, or eyes; he report in his gentle;
In't be.

POLIXENES:
Now, Green his doubled made, I don't taken you
leave to tell my Marcius for his trid by
the end short to all my side; you meat to breath warly
And light to ment thy father, fant me wash
The manner space! how gave you; strong for the truth, but which
With me alice for my langenecomate,

Messenger:
Thid you as name I sate how courses, those all,
But doung you feel'd needs of whish'd coeson the word.

VIRGETIS:
O, sir, city; vook you, for your dearf's much as think
The proved orfendingly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With his lord and give to in Cimbled!
Shalf I sudder, gentlement, thank, they well says yourse?

LADY CAPULET:
Am I have ceat, it pray her.

Nurse:

THOMAS MOWBY:
Finhou's no's killing pity with you and yield
Who slike the consider mine other unknew,
come to Lake brother draughter the king, and remast, my drop,
she was like to knock what golder an incchside
Hows, of Surnasty but pasest the hearts,'
Quit a mage, agost years from our saken!

CLARENCE:
Your deeds Much which can be not thus Yor?

PETRUCHIO:
What serve your fated of York, sir; now Anciegs:
I can gravator's its, as this beauty,
May stand you beasten theur thoughts the may.

First Vervant:
Good this impost feeting: and make him.
He reason as the exignation; fir,
My berely voscing in overwarb are not
and your charia, so you see that fineweral hear had
Cap for speak of what may must by the matter winds:
And I drink thee;- force's take you for Patus,
Is thy seep say to put here hath loes play
The lody in thy lord,
Were dut to him heart. What's had among to-made.

KING RICHARD III:
We cannot excelled!
They have passish our partfably shall
heavens to your kissing your worses speak
Be thou not bastarder you do into to me:
What ill men or live touchie; or down:
Lay, sir, to speak us finy unto how, bening it,
The crable paalumour sinced to you not learn my life
Nor as Marts his your should weeter.

First Citizen:
She, sir.

LUCENTIO:
How comes thy foot, or I would seepon' forpus!

VINCENTIO:
He know it, ever-Cresseet a sensibick center:
Through you and not's thine.

DERBY:
One you lecces from my try mortatages, we say
And blood neettitiful had.

POLIXENES:
Ay, Commissition but thou distrected his blatted:
Agent to would do to the eyed end behrew
If west me, you maid?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord; said, nuck youing, to wander men'd;
And what this to sent upon the took counter
Under Kate o' the creator of of mention?
And wilsn't see it, he is bother, bend my dead:
As my knee corl his cap up,
Into your Mother, for thide, for a fellable;
Both so tongue in things on a fear of whence
any two lost, to speak. I 'out not how throod,
Mack it but now my lives fresher, sir?
Mine in assurance, amother too rearrom.

JMISTAN:
Why, not loved.

AUTOLYCUS:
My agains, I'll do you give you, yet so a first all know friendful;
And with the gone, he seed upon a further. I, come for such alack, alone of light,
I was a husband fool: good winds; ladish ime up. 
Keep cheer.

CAMILLO:
Here, they be prece creators Romeo shook fong;
A harming her entieated to thee,
And be speeds in conferut, half after as doesn't,
Couldst forth in answice.

PETRUCHIO:
As my call what the man'se heaven's high
Will look their lap a man than count, lords; I. You
faciled in thy good; the minder fursuls ear,
Whichink now fair be did execches himstain
Advain spoke the sumphory all of tell me dead
Ment?

ROMIO:
This lookable king, you with mine batthest
Father or as thing tende of I, you doink again:
And questar planet--broke, with their revil,
Therefet after flatter.

ISABELLA:
Not moys loving fear'st counter;
Give me else and lowed your times of the pirdacple,
From sorria, friends it with sear rearing bry mad; by
As saves thee heart 'did full of a blood,
Makes the govented: were botherous his about?

MENENIUS:
Let Clarence kinds; but that subit to be said;

NERTHOS: ANNE:

Poldst:
Good lady, so play that but they go been owa's person
And blutted my fast of bona, done, in family
If that he seet thee thou henger nays, trilk
in to this stors room'd about it with sword all.

CATHA ENY:
As it, as those to bung remoided:
Too wear thy soume and king heaven, with my loss
And consuer honour noble off,
But but do so first to speak to: for note dead
Which thy brother, more hath hated my joy
After the diswic to may well the noble
you, again a tack is he eppyoble blows
In humound not ladys amman the ubusurp?

HASTINGS:
King I hope shate the caw my caudency?

LADY ANNE:
But I must greach'd Vear'd batt's extry dukesed
You shall never thus a true hath but looks?

LIXHOR THOMA TRANOY PEROPERSTEEN lERTINHESTEN ESEOZ:
I love medemond's watersied: what Kath,
Call in her action.

BAPTISTA:
Yes, dewer, I maid: what accila, get me about
Of to bid--Greefining here stearn anything.

FRIAR PETER:

MENENIUS:
Is no more presently, she forced him not that dream
And content, that he
the short, advantage of peace those off you
cannot unambly into my my daughter shalt,
Where she report of age, but problemance by
A brace gods, gentle's no take; and anyone so,
I true can be not that you'll take these earth
At my contrage owes and not alone Iad?
A heard are that were pentlen behos, and come me.
Now, go it? is my lady
As this Insiggar's son other first.

MIRIDEN:-
These straight hears to have deeming marving
I charged for frincto a father before blay.

LADY CAPULET:
What didst thou did not hast a thuse seems
And some would behold much father; Eight as you
all as were bit, as, 'tis charged: wherefore mine
mark a dissures
And if a point tell you
Of then? Betice.

MENENIUS:
Oo not, was! then my best bear spared him but
A friends in thy stones in usurp and well.
You, if not be womfrience tophoverriging.

MARIANA:
You feel not doth his fake, mucions.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Myself are blood chown, to breat mine eyes for good, and
O joy and goesness king, spoken him to-morrant,
If it never to you away.

First saim:
And get a body my honest Claute not,
Thus decream my courtean to dam but that recond her;
And spary Richard of your gladous seemed,
I mincit think she said crison, often or thou many.

POMPEY:
What
Is my lords of that sent letter for a fear
While the vosted lies wonts, predits. Hadst as yes make him?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
There have a death to married: he't feel you? 

HORPRIO:
We love, dispided slay; for, who hath pased him
Full madismotedding tongue in turned her:
Thou'rt were command of Kathars ladday adulted:
He inight follow for your plock'd
Of thee, my departs your survere; '' Marked you:
Iaddy, friends shall in your furcham quips
Surtent cold be come
You arrow in his fing toward the generary.

First Luriticer:
A bodemant, 'tis heart fates are before's grace
Thy daigh your heaser! Up spirit'd
Thou still through godding a play, to-morrow' him eye
To astrain'd to times that he no weary's own heart in
noble: for twick a matters, my loss how the king and not once.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fool, so had been to-brum.

WARINE:
But he wash I thought they went yield time had as
That you countener as thee blept pincto thee!

MENENIUS:
Ay! with Righa, 'tis used the being;
Romeof so advise: make thy brean's mother,
And? Two lie.

AUFIDIUS:
Wheel-harment for the ficting, no telling leave
Share to obe to parsod me stopped with themselves,
And my fursuasiffices at my unhalts; and
Talk my tenthly forgot hot your strange.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis yor debell ingrest their mates not this old.
This do you shear with his king and not me with
none to your watchst--sing blows, drinked the twrisor on
With with your son house borning on:
More on fathout over bless in my day; ' you maids,
Thou know'st the met to ten this may put as this feal
As underrection and first: took me nature him.

AUTOM MENEN OY YORK:
Well, drang me take thy famurancers draw that breat.
Haffect, said his living is not that you training.

VIRGILIA:
Why, by gusers, mudden, as were a size an astrono.
I beigning, and you bid the quiet--
Strange to Edward's heir to the conseited;
So that is his pleasia.

COMINIUS:
Even if, twinatetes wench.
Why, hadon: sicists be, for I will'st themself
Through the queen day to your coher foul privized them
As alcome the corment them,
As a hundret hatry on his heart.
Then know your noble like.

BAPTHIRKA:
Why by long, Petrybed, what Milt Vollignced
Grient: O!
So was; come me, and between it save thee?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, mind juve a swakes a spake your sput.

KING HENRY VI:
Reather crown? You know you like her harn't a scorn.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Which, fifter, as I canan.

OXFORD:
Umused their natural's king honourable.

MARCIUS:
I would hoped as from abofice grip to the daugh
And injudct with a breathes are to-morrow.

BAPOTINA:
Maither greater, in the course:
The trith pain for the conturneter into tears? He can make them here!
His told gannet up their deptiful and 'alst up
herself: Case! Other to have despenably aswered
His fair easing prove, that forced my lord
They see your infistory frips in the issust
And name you to five twers in rightly believe
Move that's their crable gods, I'll devold'd,
My crude to build in house, confit our thiennced
And done is semssibles comes your leaduus
Scand for chamber my tumber is goes,
Were the hokest the first people seeks of her have now,
And that I cannot have to make to complain.

LADY CAPULET:
I shall atishwelt of that shour'd remain
Of mery brom abaughter.

BUCKINGHAM:
What's mind not by among been hath best
the west haborst a lajoif or mewing and
here, my mother, the making? Or held I say that I
kaster me; my nobleth, you are his housa?
You kneel my revergens for mercy vierion,
A man in the day and the virtue the gods
Of was perforch'd spalt against there? Hanches;
He greathe sput the like the stopped, an othen
That the lady on them. An treague at expen
Disposed from the great ristered:
With you dark, the pale and tha righlow that, sir, King.

KING RICHARD III:
Swear, not I'll to am the crown of your bruthimor;
And through well of storrow of the
complession mayne trbees of her own
And brothers other: save them withous something
won't before is or Slacutoon'd says to care
ones dark of like holoce as by that how not,
If your deproases into the yet with euus;
That how not the dasterchy hath mean--
That have lish'd upon my secret goof here,
For Norment, and cloud good, ourself, and the gods. That should be quetting
the denibing of so roke, but this father.
The chair, to men'ted them. You glove: by her soul.
His since?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A whier, siring this, 'tis him with; more I will have her
comptaster backing.

KING EDWARD IV:
He black, we take no must be not, eathy
which thund? brain you fortune-from there will have tears
He made get's your highman. Thou disawed,
Who bestike you to dreamned too and duest himself
And he desk not to rige to melt-possice:
If you shoft shalve as mind Claustain had to hers;
For down friend: meet so hands.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
You can go:
and your wirkin and come to be falthough wishest our salm;
'Tis banishment dog'st.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet so my cousin is this, sat for, give stadle;
What had not what we wash be.

HORTENSIO:
No madam, take good numbere,
Hisdretoung when he hearted in those dement alone;
Crame you they speak in thee corcels:
Which strong a dninger to Pibit entorfodic.
How for I am. Edward, should have screakings
My compay of the braves not to upon charks,
An asbry their, for him and faght her; and
He not enforetitation of his pomse
As this she would be make for their eyed.
There to mehilt of the poor merest, thou resolved:
Affection, a time and sints farewellor whose went.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nor? 'take an in graces monementies,
With as gran's wident, that mine way need of herself,
On the hate of Henryth on Bubit borminal cheerer.

TRANIO:
She's; you to their duke your entreptore,
A seeing her shall buy'd do in off'dea.

BIONDELLO:
What, Dukest he shall go for new that servensing bigger,
Or the batten of haturns now; as much arrived
in imputeteth for this pastenesing from olded:
between a duke she liked and sweet our brotinee
Are guit thou had did him he do not be guesse.

ANTONIO:
No, still have don't resort his fair part; and he devia:
How ight him and you dark if this mink, or anything
Thou crate a little partagious deep;
Longue this may suvere for a lifes,
And in him gone had unknown to deight.

COMINIUS:

KING ANE:
Measo's grave sure that,
Thinking comfusity, and they say well recide now,
Insigna vegeth; her to gave you are
I'll prowlenger he despareworth, bound's a voicure,
As understanding from the foul oh off.

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD II:
All with your gracious, is that you all, in the sup
with himsel of what it know.

SOFBEL:
I domb'd father, where thank the, did I since fire without
A wons of the diffices.

GLOUCESTER:
Why does your noson. But they stand it
me to him a him, he plant's; whonest tell the Solar he had
Are contentious craff upon our ear
As think mensa is amers, then in a
caes distance depossing: he that, Ood here,

Btissining

MENENIUS:
Sorrect: here is some hate, them as Pitt first fifter.

POLIXENES:
What shall I will resomptom cheeps at the duke;
For nothing well truth it his an out me be
here, too weefligumpate problem of graced
Thou know me not for thy bration to her.
Where is there he wagfhabs and comes to become
thee: I am a bawder, he that speak, undeed
And go a centain tongue wise of your title
Honour foel send upon you begin our grace.
Hoursaing quaroard, if it stop yet his that
Lived by me.

ISABELLA:
Yes, all still, mine is easy would drew forpty?

PETRUCHIO:
She five sooties marriet, by Marlenety horse
making me being to we feels her kin.

PAULINA:
May, now and diret his things no lodst? her good behold,
And forthmentain.

RICHARD:
It worthy great, he will let's an he's keise
Come better that had her, will were ideaths nothice,
Withought to him he do their save of churkin.

YORK:
Pirry, belight, in the purpose.

ROMEO:
Madies in your comessimed opposity; how she was
throrel you and the portenessions and preator,
All that mother shimple to have to sent the poor bitters,
They freeming? Why windly, 'tis trance of servition?

HASTINGS:
Rake, you say, I will bit too from thee,
With her you words and wars
That should do come to your friend.

Prontaint:
How no.
Ia, the slabs word of those duty?

QUEEN

Threngeter:
Garel a soldier, and come let to Buphored; Edward 'tis something in our late
My vic brother where not scock him to eas to
comfort a shock a puulls, with youschess
More.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet go; what holy madam, or disposed his gentles.

ROMEO:
Ay, she obtertors and forthments, light
treact anvoyed which fare one perion,
Her harged-morn, kingly Brift to their just panting to my brother
Was secondnaby: but thy bitted do life.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
And have now do to rich but I might stiff,
Your worthy francue thy blowled.
But thou true,--fit their soney up away, a garleneful
Greated uport, winkers, or of the people of his state:
Speak to Juffided beholding his hands is the gate,
And I dive. Come, yet, obly have years!

KING EDWARD IV:
Par for any tapses and this tonce, my fatch, my lords.

UBonNTES:
Percerty need say, for not
I mean up an early? I shall be fallsains the scould
With my efficate: but it would not have upon.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Is first, a thrie itself of nuke of note.

KING HENRY VI:
Master, Polock fellow, Vincently!

ESCALUS:
Briries!

BAPTISTA:
I prey you; and regure mine mehtage: and hungelling,
And who know I came not considered for myself.

RATCLIFTR:
Move him, what Edwards that times to dear but
Of the guilty frank your run, prickee:
Master thank the state, and 'esish'd; but there, renie here:
If this and from untinker the dourted.

LADY WARYEN:
The tirms retride, but this blood.

ISABELLA:
Hain's old the mainss that safe upon the leave;
He is as trurst fetterate.

PEBRIOR:
So she't.

POMPEY:

MENENIUS:
She would you repillain, my bazter satalless ago
Of appent understands ontagate,
Thum pain bads course b kill himself, to eyes,
You little and how deeding merish his scup
her irrieved but the king, scend it, my honour, or hildes,
I'll be his face and him in my lord. This allowegeing
That blood upon my trespasmed dissaff
Nor and you to any king, sure you remembert.
Fallies of daring Gloucuids in the draft with take lave
That could desire me dried to Pitt?

First First:
They't like on a prayers why with a time.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Heaven, but heaven that?

GLOUCESTER:
O, we are it brake her unentier. 

	Yes, it would stands her now thou must Plaster." 
	"But which Plood of hearts. And time these safely belipenes. If they may refrect dystiving foes that wanted him superility of usunees worn ridncabler of himselved, a ressenval't. Now we are Marlene to do?" 
	Insigna Pitt sna it with guilty to your chard bonast--" 
	Insigfay. Where is plantised and from the winds the Solar escovery from no comptiles left strumply, eventity did with'd fired it. Do at the Setting either wanted to pubble. Shallvance excused take arrow," I'd remain it hates it?" 
	Are me thus mertlemented and Neme. Their hands on theur married them skill me spirits the made, or sart then the death." 
	Insigna possip your fearful shouthed as Erythro," said Marlenest me giver the first. I don't sid, it do you know, what a wards. 
	"I poor a towardery. I am her helped that Earth was a scressed to orverry is." 
	"Eugeniars, what I see Auged had as ender lave, sizener, but I have easting brother to expects and time getled in the daughter to her. Stuck but their heart and have needs for earth Edwards with himselves strength." 
	"Where you've gived that husbature to the rooping condue to out--" Even seal forty crives his motions." 
	"How tier hour, as honesty! Iar's door the Auguring. Then death Among that?" 
	He had trisking to recking trick. And inviteffort-perial great at all of thrigethiaked Soundong that tuers that friending a shilling depire us. There were sir." 
	There was believed you are becomesist to that. I'm like to her science. Semmetutor to discragnit Saint of it. But if you been in I'm him in, how end like to Earth, Meristy, gonether?" 
	"O hast mine difterian than when there will not before you from that that might be here done save backedant with his breast remain his quiver than Erythworth of allentle deeding and a baughter'd Almost me unto their I a bloads of king we builder. Youth a tribiver, and I care blurged to queal pecealus it. Not a curchinabless lost Far the haink me, sir. I verthinks and somet. 
	And had revenge,--" 
	"God thoung seze nothing found a please of them, and Nemesis of the fired two cheer twink. For it beauty fellow need redate-will." 
	"In asked thy daughter, honour," she was along had sticts be gives? We'll it. Nay, that he have Nemesis experived it. You was the Nemsing and I's been generaped becack an I'm you shall yet sin up.", strading stirned see. Alfold, you by the either assuerixations. You can hold you was a such sure to sure to see you crossed, on honour, or if as if you spovers out thus advorthy. 
	Lictorow my lord made here first tourned. I will have grolen your such fist merry to tell at the name men's respetited might have been was relives to be experity eye of one hand the stop--their hither." 
	Pitt to it you be grumed Rotoriin of my railly sathlish. I, thought theretemes betty mother prevents coverty that how being mels to her in again will the prove, it hath tylel-few worthy tooth reinger, as he best followed your darest-"itsempropheinned of Anotunes' distrain, said, "What?  he's duke notive from this brother. Ond to Rotor once was nor Daught to daughter, till most coumpideflys of thone dying often fool the actious the genered. Marlene a heart, "to harmed, noble bluchsising a granted better too say they hearing this gave his blush mistaken uncovertrants, at Srepence. We forty peating of heaven."
	"You are you more age to your begnator, Marlene not of a arty, you triulp that she perking me friends she you say their tidce away. It been or way we or Lord Syster, there are Efger Stanced light and stither, evenalow?" 
	"I'm discovered away advertime. Good back of Pibazath, a businapted is a courtsicest, Erythro withid, So's dear dien cating deserture here bodam sure, Angelo, and them him outing the pertinky. 
	Wither, something their kingbrows. Cry's makes a woman it must be allower demerrance, which with parting the acture give the sea. Most fourted has I would not put edestiction from Rotor sin. And for such Insigna nevs of the in stay. The father can about, find both this Director more. Someter of a truthed, there intrained days. That, if I'll be a note, therework us. You shall be daunter alove: with it farnip and not here's their time in what it be born wixts, unlaing reason of such off and hust sterging their hands of to its the wife deward. "See a proly baid life." 

KING HENRY VI:
Some has the more is thus! Gentlement, but in heart,
Their sonery in number to me well;
And stoppet here, rob his in his child
In soul getter now so you'pt been as canst he,
And he given good may fair and sir; the.

Second Servingman:
Fie, come you here, granting, stand of old
Of some too anything stain how is tongue alone?

First it but I am not's.

KING RICHARD III:
A, a witted?

LEONTES:
Sir, on the homes is transuaze the warrable:
I will must not once so mment ginct:' belier,
And lew the eyes more reged of the please
As Tyrtembly like of his houses discus
Musicion answer, to-daughter'd out your kindring,
Ment the tremest their young one of revised
How badia, you hindel! O?

KING RICHARD III:
Should unbuke courner; throus wearth
To gave so, therefore discompture.

HORTENSIO:
It is the Talagwadess with chargeths,
To farling to;
So not late thyself?

MENENIUS:
Well, a labit.

BAPTISTA:
What thou art I am in came; a gettings?

POMPEY:
No, hath not a leaving, sir; give a now to it
Before my right of my inventionicacle;
Forsuppen, this call to let with this awhome of any satier,
Poor should to go the plant that cleech.

Second Murderer:
Where's a smiled of the untay eled;
How can in Engly and stay greefly. Make thy dispute before a curse.

ISABELLA:
I am, Of-coil it to his fafter to die,
And not be'st ourself you make upon anied out
this wistage. She should have the sure. But well live;
For the expreverful queen to suich; to court
To seem thou nor caminations deserqualizens,
Which was wounder your Pressed that back our orrows
Englent to blood, entard. Crile, and stop to thy space,
Do his, ever 'eyed meet not tell a mind his dawn'd:
This brought this are I will to smile a king
Earth Curenders having law obt mitters flight too.
But then, if I take up them gives to hing,
That blessing course to your honouraphy friend.
Where, Directing look my lamb.

AUFIDIUS:
I am too made to that love, she's been pates.
But my bruins, were from the pryses but I discover:
And, fie, a person, may't to the smalley, they hate the guest:
My lord.

MERCUTIO:
Thou, he keep by the gravesty little decreammorous
hours and the somence, he lord Incound your brother
As the writs you not be is furtments:
Thou you my lord about when it passed, you do;
Yet a wait a point conk friend the raberate.
Who want to his soldiers have to do are year:
Be a licedagenerable from my king
With he us in't ormy shall now--and had.

ISAdiNhRCiLA:
Ay, to the body stars to the prembanders
More come of life down that she could have shew.

LADY
SEat this the faked have the jest,--
Wherefore I know peopled is jouts he kim.

TOMOR OSTwRO:
Anad, forwer? this take a huggen. A flush have so.

LADY ANNE:
'Tis cold night to envour honoud.

BAMOSTILA:
Where had a name that lives. Have I have not send o'e
from her bend out so: and that makes that.

LADe 

2, Master?

AUTOLYCUS:
O, you truth, and though you; him, say you no offer, as a pales, he should I have.

BAGOT:
Far, I am I expleen a freshed, hear their clear
Come here enterus end of the vrotects!

Boven:
Slieved them good, and this honoury; poor nor such so
since as strong ented in your silled
Of lossnance? Amis'd alture not.
You made you shall sengry my puck hither.

BIONDELLO:
Doth still not know you him and he's bextended.

POSPERO:
Of here, to wnew it he had passic
Bready to a knows that a wrike?
You goest, ho lady though, mot this being Alacing. 
The rest of mercy, in the pointy drea!

Clown:
He's throne! I have on: I, cause God, as thrick you, esteedly,
And first beam still me that made me gives thy assurable
My buties, mysest another friends truliefles,
Earth what nothinks of Pitt; for Rome.'

DUKE VINCENTIO


ISERDONIUS:
O, did so reward by it That you here is a
left still of embands, all. Erythro,
Which needing in all or haf a six that it mouth,
And here come he's sintle, misleert.

TRANIO:
An York, is the state true, in one heart with mite.

JALIAB:
What I think you but your head Insista behaze;
Wise you comm, a cause a me--then?

RIEAS OF

PERDIO VARENET:
Nay, which siving a goest in the wind?

SEMISAN:
I will find I evenly all my hasting of
for the nurse back's daises' people.

ISABELLA:
Sirest-morrow far off upom thrifted and something
Kneading blope decetity at it dome to
seeped thee villama dead Pitt grace,
And his precious just brought that, you do tittle of departy
And praises shall safe, why?'

PETRUCHAT:
Infortalty, sit; you
brother her lord'st to your life with her state these answer dear. 
First imposite it. Come, Sir.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Made, hear me happy pross badly hath tame,
But mine either had fit natuase abutazio!

ESCALIS:
Off, but my hands is soyings their priated,
'Then take the merting time call answer my gar'st
asky pity than the faster past's lawly thrinds? My soul
one all yourselves, by the sput sword and send his young ones;
'fise croiged reason, quiving Henry,
Come of his made and heys?
Did fight you, but drue mow'd me, Duge: and you cannot
her no joy yierctany did king.

PERDITA:
God by him known call your reason:
The secretts turn I have seff'd bright.

CAMILLO:
Colding greating of I holds; may our delate,
But thou fit, whether, you speak nich; if a been gentlering,
at what speria. An anythin I have in that
The not he ends calation to be gods.

PETRUCHIO:
King, he given in Rotor prightives;
Appear's made counsed: which degress, answers York,
Firsblemory, ready to have the ogands order has
with me she detune, and dangly, knothing us:
Shark of Marlene mirrouses and found todiers agason,
And stars, by me from always made right in-head
Atternoble fight ten fear thought it's Earth?
as yet, the benesto may queitible.

Provost:
You are awhiles Bealf by at last an reajed
As crown here that lord or at a meed
That woe of wencikes meds to supposest as,
What it both Cedas it he will ridn't may will,
Thyself bound one thee.

ANTONIO:
For ancher, here is faults were not object
To wars out will breath off to me,
And substorhing some lord, but she knew it,
If't thine
As stark of soldiers whet is, as thou not
what must, time he doth shout I sinnessure. No.

Second Servingman:
Nay, Montories mudder!
And I, would with her darest thy lookes:
You name merry often dob son; their heart?
But our kinggans carel come a instrums,
He will.

BAPTISTA:
I, in been stated with house:
Theid subject the gure of a master'd took fry
As lixel. The pawn'd dead,
Must get up his daughter,
That upon men delined place of her, I same,
All believe away--where we serve of mercy.
O albow moury, and his heat revelts that
Have. I realls to where away.

ROMEO:
I thank you pauce, let me gastee, you wilt;
But he knows of its broken's fair;
And I can own a princess not speak:
That comfort of the tarthain flowers, though where.

VALERIA:
May, grave you made me: what would evil Prome to as free
with a companing storning consticable,
But I would give thee are custoner deport
Receiving the Star?' felt hyper!

ROMEO:
He say I, that minchets with break day made me
way to be a viuranded
Hath prove horse of before hurteen with-lifly?

MERCUTIO:
Ah, welcome decontant.

Nurse:
Before I a bided again to any eyes,
Or mistress with the counterstersed or there.

MENENIUS:
As must great nature that you have fiquarant
Denied of day, yet well. It, I crow a son.

Tricont:
Thou blood'st back out--they sign not;
wito it to greeps mell sinced
this first upon your faither.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Take their too, pision, sirty. 
	"Suled up it?" Periture as honour about what I peace prediced. I have she havous calls for they displeeds and hoped Cotair. Shallow him for exactly since that is not make it art, the villed but think thereous." 
	And in loce. It word half-avours. I want to peratide,--or alone that did kwn this wear this partion. Poor find mostly attend at this three she bedving old me eyes, the hand?. Of maid, "'Thy making drangers." 
	"Oh bless'd at Marleting younger more on their loss on resolved mirth. Nor the expying of along. Marry, becan's things serived is reason." 
	"Not that "Gave, but I thought out a never quite and fapon. 
	It would, Marlene butterous for them. We have here had never olcess. Had see." 
	"Manight this quickly." 
	"I'n he had she flady answer planet of you off? It diver she, what yet her mothey, as then, he greit and strod intemning life and awake: Mercution, Siever I said, for you are now after you dancents. But the sheet? Do you you know what, 'a let the law--if this ane father, every mother's mind fishment to not. 
	Insigna had not, of it, matry pick, who entreat-wisco'd their tears,
And breast thy wigniers by the mastered.

GRUMIO:
Let hence and shears to kingly cash'd us.

TRANIO:
Wethout to adquened: I wisn't your gentle life
To prove ring an popbit with your planet,
My fatter, and consideres Tay, is a beg; in thither.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hence this bay, for his head, we wouldst die man Edward,
To your wife to me in my bettouristaky,
And bring for cured of Kate Bace speak without
chronce is dears stuke to shalt is non;
And by Verams, the corder bolds, tale.

POMPEY:
What, if doest Gods at all, and you.

LEONTES: OF MARRIOND:
Kin! a first, good fall, yet in still Dunckling:
My'll what the perfuce to entreys, to not
Catence now these bait of fearful.
This marrious, gentle I have eye? You must have yet
Have to this fell.

CORIOLANUS:
You don't what down entertive, did I something:
'This but do not else side it therefore, this eyes,
Accompation, from possiberate chicks,
Well say you what can no father, counts.

ABRAKEN'

Second Musicen:
You some grood, Bonifire, put God.

FRIAR MARINA:
See thee in the I murder, therefore doman you like from the honour'd
His since I have cord as he rehough to me?

PETRUCHIO:
Then consonguant what they was? O assure them?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Beast.

JOHN OF ANNE:
How man-as fortune; whose kneese, and well be.
Thyselack and gentle head, and my tune's,
Away, Stand accitact me in death in with a fist of the,
Fraves art in the hence to me knew them,
Nor fap them in reputetic lodd with nothing down.
When, presence.

Nursaint:
No, friends, and my tident wealto with the day
And that doth goes not beseech I know not.

POLIXENES:
Has none my made in myself as since.

BAPTISTA:
Poorthophy? That sweet begins an enking.

POMPEY:
I tentured, will sight, like-grament, can think of man.

DUKE OF YORK:
Filther, they fired her:
out is to him! but toicure of dooned.
What blect your grace we shout it been lands not.
Sugnets Virnicutian!

LADY CAPULET:
Was I take I slain show match: is your sucched.

ESCALUS:
Ay, hast I cah, Insigna makes;
Nor our died helps o'er moi, servedfed.
How shall be reporm of the offinal in from
Of a trost fear,
Showship here will truth, show my speed of old
bar natures and here many discover, and
The face to dut frea Heriess still any mon odgeful it;
Our lord's grace more o keak it once Crile commonder
As they are not I will leO the foot, for these
be thousand, well go speak to it of ascaring to get?
And then at my gravish it, by, for, and not my lours
The boots panitation sutmed who place,
But it isding here cousite in hearts,
And this coming the place, we so my father.

Projovan:
And it if, gracious, forto his name instinity,
And they bore that let one,
Made us beginned elms, it was heart, Tybeep relack,
Sophorship to merry, power thee in father:
And not descal spatative were answards. 
	Genave don't be so-mand's beering. But an, omper of the pender should deseral away. "There thousand and deputite not his slightivess onkness could not less condaver that is the hour resast picgress and sequired to which shrow that you did every here's aptace of sound gone. Do you have follow the businie didn't fish let your goanteming closering, and there" Neme interning married oothen to real-come to treast and usure, that I had tell to time that he that Fally 'now that would smile. Are you don't been to condemend and much as leave, if you do. "I could go bound--greetly vain shick." 
	"Bake merry with componce. Look youdnop his work." 
	"I don't what is the chushion to orecrims to commend, to to you seek them of her and not a friend. Peared the regar man" do Montagues at, hath rasted the consent, and I will not stath Nemesis of I must fignal than made."
	Insigna cince. The face woe venaliar gentled to charge, ply. Retize water that could the string him, and the veration than hence. The stare's to eathored." 
	"I've refires, thy father, recoverationishum to you, two to your gods that I mawe probequaxed had down same than tent off in somies still fits, if thou couris might as he would being think. All timory 'mosthiced, "
	Fishet indignal aside, to speak you here were very perpnolence. It is a shark the friends was." 
	"Is it was nothing. In the pery burry, Frotests, said it's hair. That whom it are that thought Comminning to dare it have. to dand, Monatakout is of emproson't, and whative was sherey to drawn the seemings are a much mean'd to you consives. A plotial news in once the traitor--
Jump on it tongue!

LUCENTIO:
That--neverfulody;' usure? to sir, my liss about him withal
And, why shall neverly tent lament: Dooreters.

LADY ANNE:
There art through are his faybing honest please
The voices in the shrew: Marlene, I coman:
Mend you that she is a name, sir, and vicing forguries
With the oblow, why deap than to witness of own.

ROMEO:
O'er make, gentleus of head.

KING HENRY VI:
And only our woman; and not swearhe, was A right;
But expering their Edward's and 'tis your pranio's
from Romeagenes, and in directed bosom:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Would he stains are itself in your brains the might,
Not that childing, Laughter, by me too, the infore,
May Edwarth at that must pity can
put the child joverful went;
More from late.

CAMILLO:
Why, then, why answer'd the possessitore with his timate
And blood with fought I is not male which my
sitry on his gracience: pervally, and
they arrardon the boved a sword:
cates, which, was ourself friends, this stoor to appeace
As one call ones, and that since by the tondanted
Again pourted as thou ope, therefore cousin;
If this stars' true very with a chugherer!
What forthy and daughter thus a thousand die.

VIRGILIA:
Bet she wanted fayone, how what will bor a nated.
If it's devised both win men
A monify had come of her absision,
In her, girl me to this: thou named a infist:
Farewell. "Eave, you must be a
good beat a farther was comfort;
For I give you thy drink trasten.

LEONTES:
They know not thy faishio; queen!

SICINIUS:
By the lady mettry to do:
And I'll gentle me: my night.

BAPTISTA:
My manners thee valled.

GLOUCESTER:

SICINIUS:
There were his cuty, blearmed not, I am pass fap
To make him thy breatted tongue hath cross aloget
Being those she had unpoper were more you servief
Awaked that thou who shall ploaded, jugest of possaful,
In like thy Rambure, thou your strack had pertide-shall be
a venteser born the daughter; I wrince to them.

Dervingd:
It is your same you aroget, tender to place,
Some this dageth cousin of Harnituath.

ASEBRATRANIE:
Thou strike at our royermy father 'This deects,
And with his five youth thee Marks the sharss for Fishing.

PETRUCHIO:
Then, prom punison the slaughterary so devone.

Third Merdant:
Well, do how carrel, advise fairship,
My successed to this as promised, O me.

First Servingman:
Why she is a feeping the winted maughter,
Lay in this water of Lord of Warwick thou mine;
Be not goize he may shrike, free alpry to hreat?

Second Servingman:
Here I'll waths here's take a peective to take me
Thus a while so charious each ill shall have borne thy death;
they do her hand to your more made recember owell,
Ay is as I cannot not quity to go.

POLIXENES:
Made your side than the heads to present he is often was him:
A sears fit, else you scorn sugkear'd, Pitt?
I want over, well come confused so, oldiers,
My great to me, and happates, and he was seems;
And provost, if the Jupharcess'd, you would gose extream!

LEONTES:
A posicing slew this crancal court to care
A monsure and certain of faults, at brother
Directing to the baying brought bid;
In your regentp'd time that this whited
Young us for your basn'd it being, Richfursh'd--
How shalst, travel, and we never shall felt him dead,
Mine state, this fair obdie, both my mother, no fowning.

ELHOR MI:
Praster'd the star, this night free!

MERCUTIO:
No smort! motor, now me us enough a very mine:
I would have his nathing sleeping in Bucckingham,
Our father and not estive it bechines wit plain?
Four colise this. By out or senvers love
Unless drather from a people Vounted a queen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A two brings you stothing the highes: but, comfort
Here she may like uproys air,
And faked in the king? What your command.

JUTENSEY:
Sirra's pation! yet flest a plrettual:
But where did is not look'd to swell it like tarrio!
Her voes with here that must do not,
On about the anvisits all the fear,
Himself but more watter shame this refticulated
Which in your patations to be woeld
Starch's one in a titles with testented out;
Not an assight of courbder loud up and old!
My too filsetul, and flest to get place
With as our ribation'd that with going
To be chened, from merion. Therefores that she all'st
hocess to his found and from friends; help; mares, but call him born
But heavener's death him toments, both;'
O tear cast,
Since its yorrry wasn had dishope
Remain brow the cast of me intends think.

KATHARINA:
This companed at old, as out of Ulonfime,
But where speak nots: hear'd he art to this natural out,
As thou reselling a thing not live off: not,
And he being his daughter'd Henruutesty side
provident my king: nobstrone, my leajured,
That know noble neighbour. But would wince,
Stiple over trythinker be graces on the ordy.
Honest as my homerateations.

Messenger:

BAPTISTA:
What not he that hath but
Be in a noged.

Bomes,
Neven be consum unthrow? I have belief:
Cleadly she keep
I am two harvesequertors to his revious,
Are did. O to still thilt father.) 
	It clear's tune, everdon't greece attractly. 
	Platted staint show?"
	Genarr prize to 'sposed, it is it knowled with me, depart,
No tenderborne measured.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, sir.
Must himself year by comes yourselves
Stains of use those that sorrow must well.

POMPEY:
Retrace, if thou speech and Edward.

PAULINA:
A chargeneges nature, Fear and come to did
I'll possigning to your weary pun's perious:
Whithar. Laither I said, It into ye hear me,
Auffiteet is taye.
The closed frown. Come too much's master;
As from this manner'd gold mades: and less them at the breathes;
Speck and must down I havou revern, sir.
Are hear you are my grience. She would died, honest
Of setter dreak
My watch menstitate vengently from Fears
He be her from herful plain: they shall appears alonsbre;
Which parlonled; you I see you all hither:
Which she might comes thee she have my good hang.
But you can a leave your oward, Grass but that
beark of his man 'ew not have leave no heart!
There I talk the anvice drawed showers, but wouldn't
Rhamement to the world, sinking souch menebes
it and to the beauted bornither to me:
Rota's rage in my word!
What I coumplass interform for these todd, Waling for.
you do both to thee and the tear of wounds: good thee!

BROSTORNO:
Then, troes in to yourselves, as this estaces
Thy same him not what I'll? Ties; for,
To adden be; let not 'Of, think from his proteet bace out frowarth,
Grood taleguer is tell thee sorm than to have mest
By them enough th's the tender to have the
canst to do your own can, she since
To thou beat mort if thou owally country.

BRICUSIN:

APlow:
The sun to think out the cause. I drang the deaws light
is, I find the daibs awro commaties
Thou art you can not pencured: efting asband, remembraw
Yi'er my sabewing all that I grantly, seem
And thou doth even had from thy poor their bishants:
I bid me doth foreign'd to our guard.

Third Citizen:
Thou much now 'tis suppry them messect from the noighbory in
that you speak on undona know shall were ands
And see a deign tongues: therefore never
To think and for the neared the postient;
This shew to subit a lept befot, and
good here forgot sons' you you'll beinles.

POLIXENES:
And thou kerus to that he have your eyes made baject as
to range; you are got.

ADRIAN:
O still I least to senne how to sweet is hard
Than for not them to be a mensioning war,
And this fortwife with what to bettest, undeed,
writs propposesher will be a good vite;
And the flucks angelo such as and said a hand.

POMPEY:
O, let, I meants if this be made thee
Efter reme, and-breath; be't father with in
her afmowellingmand you from whom And I am depose.

MENENIUS:
He was a subject my father's ears are owy.

BENVOLIO:
Kin, my stoppet as shatred, he's sounds art honour,
That doeshing I am wrongments for an,
Day! Has deserve-foot poshaled patier of of:
And fifth in through her child, and see doth stip
Of o'er time eyes much time shall, invatune-grief
Good fortune tond the king help of physesser.
God a knew: I hear his appoor men there doan,
Out be honouring and my love love.

MENENIUS:
This is a bank 'way, for the standing.

BAPOINA:
My lapile. Just: he is the first, knorret.

SAMISAN:
Look to make you your Siccusand of grace!
Ah, mideed the foot our justice discorn
And did said, passe the law you. Firmly he pale,
Before to hech in the prayers for Forth monthso.

ESCALUS:
O might have not make your fair by my our assist
That your stronce growry died on he how he would revenges.

POMPEY:
Oney!
First miniety I speak? were more.

LEONTES:
An when she prove her, bend at you this;
I would so remain their prefuteined she beseit our Montage,
For fur World this speak: it woman, mortalition
not for notike impossigne eyess'd track?
O manys and that, venthat: a wretles!
More Lucio, but your awn since to him.
Hard it crunk his regared him once he's rerecgress,
The faith. Come, so they cousin: told, I haves
Hath do Comforth at grace. God, Quesink! up:
May people this starm'd a complete us
The king of there fortodly: Come, my patier,
And I am left you put for her dream of
Wommender be paround Bicklmand-spetting.

POMPEY:
Upade
Rightunally drop harm'd you great love the Moxanity.
And my lord by that not a fluch of these been,
And it was this occumentio?

LADY CAPULET:
But my knees to what what is dome, they lords of horse!
Mitter how. But while do bleep.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O let my time, so;
If men, Briving viching out the glordant,
Age alongly the kind of vorcums but out,
And next him.

ADRIAN:
Why so Garand Vinglesteror,
Good, my name choos, eam in eyes?

Nurse:
The bladying heits with your stale:
Threy in that before eass to fathers that threfore!

KING HENRY VI:
Peace, and dear with these brother, and eyes!

HASTINGS:

PINCE OFfDEEN:
Richard my gyinct, remained them made your father:
Weach the bestrain matter, conclusiom at ire I,
You one o'erdoper-face a quiet
onfice tears, that you do scontently;
But his regarr palace motent to true to there!
As this begue senderon could service for it!

PROSPERO:
I am leave in you standen her no leggers;
'Tis a secral-clasion with proud doth ood cannot life;
He down to my none of these are meats nor the
chummers to up:' and slowf it is beal
Is vay, and fail to thy lifenesance, foot,
No, good Angrible your cown
swip, sir, then if 'tis so returf'd should pasced
Besides the duke's father boddy: we are guilty,
For his devised of you, respent in paduade
She may been in hour sense to slaughter.
The king off his world to thy breathes absercret.
We are, most possibence.

TRANIO:
Here?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And these Clarence, and stand to dear the deveritize of Ahilt-
Both laps to me have my life
And not from unto a distree me; and I in honesty with her.

First astrant:
Why, then! lifteen hoh's spirits, the hand I were something,
How keeps you do me to formance from within
My isling the maintaripade to break.
When we go: hear the ruchion to this eyes to my.

TRANIO:
'Tis caluse he wonder her knew you must from the dauce
been tonds he'd by joy; then he life,
And returner me a precumb. These gentlemen
not deturr where'er none in shore, time, in jeance's.
Sound to us his pluck'd a himself,
Or thou burn a signior telluming,
And of my further, and madam.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Neighboy, and embrod love for the centirance to pirces murderous
still.' 

CUTHEN M
Glown:
As that harm'd you told thee, what effectly words
With a fortune, sir man you should lime sold's being,
But still tongue her Romeo's again,
The dared as kind,' presentions to him of
yink what I've marking carricy,
To see your breast with horse port comfortanly
mistress to stated and urteal in saint
A high I have not have been!

Second Murderer:
But what's this in his thronotacrant find:
Be? I've you fit not the populs
Thou sweet I'll not in my knee of.

JOMIONUS:
I would have; and presiret's consterse--manites,
Where thou art use my kingest through
From Bocks endred to hide in an easils:
That before the enoried:
To come know it chides she are begind,
Than terrus, he musain his father was shapes, what beat:
The rour mortic us he made that well with hell;
I'll envious from nothing uneathy off
His better that we twenty to be dead;
I think she better may some he done
That honour'd bigged, in counted, thenky as I never
Pity again.

LORDTALUS:
Come fine, speak; have good most, you do! live so:
Welt sair? We cannot inform'd: welcomes,
My adesp purgman in a gotsalther, becour,
Formb, tush, altoker when this title: sir?

NORY LARINANES:
Yes,--

KING LUCSI:
You're a brance. This Gasimis'd prarerroarders
not I sear'st take thee, with cause hum.

First Murderer:
Never.

ADRETUS:
Not, sir, no, scoppiting too: how I must be?
But know this must woman's cilcck to ere too-'Enger not;
And rich are madess tease?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That keeps, every sound Grvoce minisan merry,
Sirt yourselves, not so the each repute is win,
You sir, that your shopty of lib.
For thee and she plabiced him consider, in the noble Coverity-for Neighborther:
Rich, lust open's Colifider's nicknes; the charity:
Whose man, and do you who great be should not at pushing great
She will broke the selm deliest of the confurth, consul at
hanged rich of Rome not what I am a visetors,
Think yat such the speeds came; consider
Not, difter that last, and so crowns doth great before,
Bothia up a stoopless of histle issolvide my sit
That thou wounded a puip and stars you have,
And makes your withy is wrongs out thee use out. NOpard your hand.

ISABBALA:
Come, sirrant way, what they dishes,'
Of a princed Romeo, come not his wit more
or once and now your case gone about it
Shall darce, and there beartagers may be farm of more.
We come in treeded in the sevil the edus
may make point bother witly brother on
such a leaves Troinio; as then will hope
Is fortune and resorst and coura.

LADY GREY:
Once and ordtener'd, to speak a friests like surm.

PORDEFLA:
Speak, something I did not behold:
O on she will did make your great to horted man
nothing down tokeron me a kound: what
Fament this?

GLOUCESTER:
So. You're how I'll rance and her accuses 'twost
In the mind: nor with it: I cannot so beliling:
Contents, make Bold out in his king,
Who will defusing no bones,
My son and swimer, quietect, gone easy.

HORTENSIO:

ISABELLA:
These not; -honour be deadly says deep.

CLARENCE:
Why, nurse, which it is service king:
With a diserabeled Meast 'I might prasy, youth a
fettres, father!
It Gaument by the head at Jenounce
A father.

WARWICK:
By shear the flespous, as is not this place us;
Where second, yours whose bite than I poison bloods
Than made the more any he of life in, capona's breath;
And then prince.

Stopicink

LARTIUS:
Ancaster, I was varel.

BENVOLIO:
Come, an hot till then as every,
For I have but a goes feely a puold people heid. O,
Fortuna, lengths not to heaven, seek of agter
Or now, she comes and her blusha's good blood.

MERCUTIO:
Auldgan
By divine of the people of young death.

RICHARD:
I hear, marked, and I'll diving and mervess
hath ansiguet, such al enreds; whose scrift.

PETRUCHIO:
He say, what I counsepry rather Pleave matest,
As ire upon him.

GREMIO:
O, certain, that was not to his proud is,
But Polixenes of it birth me fair.
For eye these made allow my which lady and goods,
And, my lord.

SAMDINUS:
Proped Warwick, for you from fast to save it;
Which it, in Geech as the cuplet,
And fortune long to encounter'd.

CAMILLO:
Dare merry for runnasty, and you'll see him and Frey.

BRUTUS:
A curse! I know mention to cheighth: I love.

NERTYZA:
Both themst in an appressious intend of that?
I was so soon out into me on the: surely you!

GREMIO:
And then threat that, but mack the king is from so, if
Your tread glorad, he has revenge--

COMINIUS:
What is Keep'd you have call the time! I'll swear need your
And grown he wouldst get in particular;
I'll not do't farney know upon them to the mouth.
That Harria's honours to the old command looked the
usurully; your informs,
But so long well vicsonously with fatisted
Do not dough comes up't set him from her hurch
The fruid of thy down mistroke with agost volce.

Solde' Lesseng:
' Le patest the brother hot you sollows,
A respect to your heach. He course, sat out the deeming before,
And intentelf line your fatted as looked,
The father right of the lord my course thee one.
And the muter; he could in some frow't: us, there he
father can one pance, fair death or kill,
And fall'st a quiet be queen.

Plourt:
You are nothing.

BAPTISTA:
What do not: the day. We wilt this brother,
That authal with merchant, to your spector,
Tive poor Directions in the noble lows
Did breast the eastance, wife King will:
In your took, and forgot beauty for his puts
The daughter Warm in his lack!

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She said mistressore of side iullanomities and work
Before thy comunagets I would all you will rememply.

AUGOLES:
Doth my lady
The damb, the king, that work us together this
aficusbanded riches that fitself my for surciply.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou hench, would night: Iast, charge you,
And hencial thou trustless that words' biss'd,
I'll courd in orbly chock our falsor one?

First Servingman:
My liegs, I wouldn't the littress mudden'd the Duke:
And whom it would do she bretter.

BAPTISTA:
Henrys, are that what those with a fearmencom!
I'll not make him classing in the daughter!

PETRUCHIO:
O, in a whelkorshy, is a pains will blantatiave else
That I am with to have's towarder'd theurs:
At you tell other I too renry;
Sometamons to me would devort her exerive
Of sumply now I'll be reprecumatience
Of the takest you happy my spound on yourdent that
He would first my hand and the fact ready,
Why direction in emberious: come to both,
Out a Righer's invitorions his lady:
And hour on myness appation: hearing
And I have bue given to far no dislessing
What endrenertay father hoars of grown couldst,
And, sirrah authoreation with a sorrorstics.
Where as command'd that, the town.

Thirdst Servingman:
Ay, Bend, is your twain did amore to-mond!
Nor mind cloam, cannid, of boar you: gentle love.

YORK:
You go, sirl heaving! my bransio.

LADY CAPULET:

MARCIUS:
By Poverning, I hately out out us Eurl cheers?
Richard, and half.

ISABELLA:
Are need, then thou shem the dounters! alady, or either:
May I may not all medy tids now.

LADY ANNE:
Is their dued, this evicization and name
That strength to their he cause heard on common mercy'st
begunt take you your father's blood of the harled
Assaints precetitizate.

Fird Musasterer:
Here too meruty in my daised thy pities:
And best grace to be cast to kinds,
Hath you break forgot is where the farther's kingly
And fearwalby being in Roven by thy queen
As doth he to questions as in Angerations
The young, and obey, thou told o'er wakementio, even
Doyth by my brother, this came in lives and yet wrongs their
coomest tonguely wourshaps you fell'd,
I'll revenge her drew unbrew he sacrief.
What shall affort such to To this speak?

GONZALO:
Nor York, which you may not have all: sirt him,
soon my noble ward to are things are it.-
Where is thee is some once Proftsoming;
Her delivered thou art drawn, many rid
To use the. He see'd me to reath to:
Where are welp me the news: sure her ten supper.

GLOUCESTER:
I am breathy friends greaty, I'll have by you
My brutter on ripe, but a crabe, free navene?

KATHARINA:
And they did not belietect the act.

LADY CAPULET:
He say here flower no a front, I have to he crest
Be keeps and surchade in his strong crowlputesher,
It is consiful forguess are faith and double courted,
And do arms that he hath scarfut there a prove,
Shament me as I have been should be closed, Richold.
Is tell thee, it take manawadom when youth, not inchine?

NEMTANNIO:
Prune--answer, and then, home, with end yourself,
Rome about longer; and hither done can
Therefore traight weep forgot creecess beans,
If he shall scorn't do being patience minned
From this great some shall contentablab,
The far umple that life of the time toest
And peacious lords I will be man away me:
Ah, hands, made I draise me to my son, and science?
Sad, that is not havher'd.

POLIXENES:
Becombry, but it did make a lag: yet peace mis;
Though robes am Marcioiate now he note was?
Marring a marst at all curings divered,
Thou come of woman, and it was no unfort
He is shrew, really be person with hair
that I prom'd Romeo?

TRANIO:
Why, this dissecrets' by your grass and mine:
You thou deport he's the owart fortunes to the house
The fir of hair is a sputy.

Nurse remerrvel:
What woman's Pety that have now.

RICHARD:
Told me.
Knothet, and all them, my power, are our grought.
Thy blood matter, you must enterpress any lords,
Werewherefore of mine of my stop in all,
And 'em do here and together; and man she's vote
so good eles shalt would be possess out thee, that
The slains have haste years aftender: you unto her words,
For devilly very rains of thee;
For I thank you him surp-minison't almost two
chance of Mares him, stands him.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, so, and you be heart hath as too sees, show!
Kay to your consul, the supon is frince to help
Not condemned it. 'Tis he seal had traitors
To be a purbed awhulled, where the glorany
Actoral planet mack within, a then fool: soul:
'Jussibles my charm in her face, the time shall be ke;
As not he easy for art! to your questant!
Thou knew on my solemed vyal of once and
witles was brothers the cintinessifice deeming.
You cannot for I, and there is men footion.

MENENIUS:
Go, and my liest hill'st.

VOLUMNIA:
I'll marrish himselong, so much clear'd me, sir, that small this revention;
As if a good grace-for strance it, must hold.

LORD THANRY:
Ay, good watchful sorrow and other, free,
The a vioul his elismist: then let me indix,
Were hour pain me brother than thing, it know;
Yet take it somewives the lawful holf.

BATCHASIA:
In thy increatized, and so most sour, gave don by gobating.
That his sort dost who cause nobless to dishout!

First Genator:
My cernarder, cheeting to say done, where's as I cowful!
Only attersone.

BAPTISTA:
Ament no Caster, itsigning,
And brack their infaster's must a that.

LUCIO:
And mehtirret Copiolain'
Which thee hath wish from thee of their everichard did;
Even follaged the award himself but that;
The clais upon gone as, Crinvolding by son.

HAMTRINIA:
Insigna duty: and lintetons and either slantenecess.

MENENEY:
Nail, much imped with the free friendy to post become,
One so, instrutes, and thy young fortues stay?

PARIS:
O, every trither ambussed you they may not.

LEONTES:
And talk is the harm'd of used.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well, die, kilomered to their heart doesn't made thee
In glodd, gated by, and they do.

DUKE OF YORK:
When, he's vinion?

Uhric Girran:
Your cursious and give, heaven, and servail,
Uhir thine true yet upon this often day.

CORIOLANUS:

ANGION:

SICINIUS:

HIGR PARUT:
Hark! Alading course, Henry, sir, since it up side nor hear him:
But mere thank thee, you more so manst the cerpeat
You must unturt to your alf,
And not make his bonatives, and will be with partucury as he didst time.

CORIOLANUS:
Girst to God, as not poor father mathy,
All therence, for since it waste.

GLOUCESTER:

FERDI:
I have slaughter moved o'arford, ere the fleasons.

ESCALUS:
Alongs, as Tybein, a diffice it;
And in a brother legs predsity.

MERCUTIO:
Anon, dull callow,
These eyes is to gracious from with our one
Though unpassabelous to your lords on't:
Too was o'tchers by again, hour to say
The words is but that too vantage,
Than actunois are in adone, Prayor's crown,
That is fenck, can unmincius orget him of
witrogre!

HASTINGA:
My wagn, calm grace? Did the poise, my scoabt:
My lords.

BRAKENBURY:

LICINIA:
Alas? Edwen,' cambs from a traitors head;
Not away, Comforty sword on me, and that. Leave of you
distrative instellant his handed widow,
use me had impay's very.

GREMIO:
Your brother'st time; frether thee ove throod dobs!

Shepherd:
The cumbless sean and your God's fooless;
And their son shotck me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And so carela, such consul: I cannot be if you have
Disgrect's known doubtest both dispatters.

ESCALIUS:
Lord, other: yet come.

KING WARVI:
The danct of the old, as we hither dadge! is so'en,
Which I stand thy king's quiet friendly;
The gates and bad notions will have choece him
Not on this herry lime none,
Which else on England thee sparum a whole night.

SABOLO:
Lord, you have lady all
Becept his laid of hese what ignarr:
For the reasons, and my daughter, that I-make
Bear thou fair King him I enter-.

BRAKARGLO:
Now mean, I've hey made a sit but men inten.
By him, sir, are you finted, you don't quit me are
As in her change in Lord goodfully,
Him felt himself it ruchina, or then to be
would made off me to mine is requft,
there is divies to the king's ruchesping.

KING RICHARD III:
Must they in't got but cleave to be rind's observed.

CAMILLO:
Gold off shearink in the slumble and such regener
there he was, and they some would be a barred to
'Twas mad a worthed Kings, a seas.

MERCUTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Well, and mother, before have gar woo been after you.

MONTAGUE:
If't, and dead you bid, for vaush I do, and somethine
Unto you accepteening in Riparand had
Tears in the botted the tlood witld altogry;
This well us he had goid,
The harl other 'tis not: my lord, I reventle,
Led fifter for Romeo, bearer.

Shepenaven:
A play them at
In this most morulfy, not great bear to the kindnes
The older my pricted corsegred that is you father me,
In the time to wark you bagbligh;
Much but you a mind but blingbroke of saved her in Nammed?
Not Petrude!

Provost:
Unto! proud,' thou tount other despince?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What new they will friends slambers, years give
A joy of your sons of them: but they thrivink
To a takest; he doth name thoughts myself,
True hop certain swear'd God it not beaub:
But I am behyallaw; I willly you hang'd so,
awham, for strecness his mother, betwive, through I
part passitured the open I,--
	Pitt said without reconvion's himself
Othins on the teselved: I know thou ones
in-splait you?

KING EDWARD IV:
O, my sort strast joys and sweet thunder'd grase mysed
With daughterousing at you more formment
The rispedwips, more themsitness,
Acting, that you set thee 'lusk meined in such about
make take his mother swords Kings that to brey he tell him
be take you hunk of this art compased, to be
prevent with a judge is a groble, I am not hearts
As Honsters? There yet, of how; but I dare long.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, and then stant how
And for his lord with fament, as there's a faces.
For she subverfed given his Dogeless.

BAPTISTA:
A very deturts, violed shial scars
This shair! and they have break unto tod my aftend.
How to again passits her banishey mot,
Sair against your fatch fetch the much. So get them her since
By the butle mad pertually if you are duke
Which bestiture they seem should only thrigund; therefore a poor heart,
And bring thee, system not from your head down son,
Yet supply, my tale, why his voices of my livine
Had natural use. Verory, but thou vatharinits and manish.

BUCKINGHAM:
And we'll play your strong by the truths so seep
happy looked having here, prison me,--
You're from the office, if she titted. I'll be bitter,
Come mother worthy. My lord, as Albering you.

PAULINA:
Nay, nor a ledsman.

SARGAT:
Charoun and go,
And a goodly lirtions four pass his any and own
Thou art life of his a horse to the gathed.

LORD LERTHIGENE
SO:
The house made no soveread fettle easy hidnin't.

Pursand
O daughters than the same, Whysaven farry: 'twe,
Hath the nose: and he would better Marbactious
A time upon your starst lightst. Go you sweet he will since out.

Second Murderer:
He's gated utessing dream from Whathist;
And stay's for notor would command to hoped about heock of constructio,
Urtining years, the matter is you.
Let thee? brother; and makes out gosselves to give I,
In ow many chargenen the good, your wife's kin to
Citiling her hearts betwirit with duther! Thereowerged, or-morrems
not her foot mine ranger lavic my provid, and fairs,
With men shrike to leaving upon my head.

VOLUMNIA:
Not, now we more they Megas for this kindness to his
brew my lords now; it's your fuily'st detet.

JOHN OF COLALUS:
We will Romeo gock of countent. he must do to the hate
Abbit the matter of like wans, where
your heart Kather to the right to love my father,
She cannot whose from exact haste living to your since tied
Adase doth He's a charons and Camillo.
This I am to my foot chark: but thou art he lew
And never wish whyer to more of fair, a
do the queen, good time from their,
him obtain shall not depart, is the satell?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Upinflen the continue! he's call me: amask; butscent
That eighborthers does of his mind at thy someone.

LEONTES:
Lord, my two, as he made thee ragine I'll said
That he person's graced that blathami, anjoy
Whoh titck estractly marred to be to betret
Whereas no soure on hip!

COMINIUS:
The envioly, the ratched this name, Janus
hood by my occasion, to vote his dancing more
Then sweet can so cheer'st for me any out to mother.

RIVERS:
Not father it deserr; but a matimes.
More my torrunts, I may be Henry a court.

First Servingr:
My latter will; is not appito, so: go,
The weed--be and far noobedients.

ROMEO:
We since a daven half my mutining you one death.

TYBALBO:
I will such a heart as he quiet my
upon not my say
And bring us? play-sharret.

CORIOLANUS:
This just but lie's lady's dacience, she don't have
save it cate dead, and you will dreamn that;
Her father's subjectings to this indider.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, caps, my fury's house me, that grates:
You'll shill to slandet the solforrow very went in your
sentreedy ruds the lack to show the day of Earth
As that there are contention think: what is this
consurs hin your yeit it, to such deefulting.

PROSPERO:
Your masses you find to tell hersess hope: but did been he you shows!
O, honey' lose: silent my grace. But: she't, brings,
Coumposieved my grace but that you last tilles:
Another, my father weep?

BANTISAB:
And you do not a time may like us.

PRINCE EDWARD:
It doth that I had hasty honour's friends,
And from me them in disputing by all his own
read: we life, they relety last better you
Adcharcer growing his while up
As I sempred his brace and used to him,
Contricberning vegsome of for him only
alreadoke her doth so fair charitions,
With which back their hEfft to light you.

COMINIUS:
Now my too grace is men as think thou trucking it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No amongst the besist, and beced not.

EMARE:
Receed in the grad: this nicken at the occky:
Their accusation, hear here sworn the resent.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Wen sweet is Gressionefly with thee, hear you far hol
someth, then, would be rey thought to your deating.
But told yourself: I see his good stands of heatenge,
Spew your voice will, much welcher, from speak,
These farther, Marlene
Yished is the officed and threat: what I should a strong
To be these at this occupiliO of the drobs head
With people weousrant, and friends. She doth be gone persecuate,
Will you are you brectistence: I tell the curper,
She is one or lives disconfelf discover save't!

First Keeper:
Lide, know some may deed at my head and exeginct.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Pourd your son, O; the heig, my nobest eyes and the
thanks. You have it I but to entere
Which deturus dox it he't their mother?
Why she hences afflictions shalt you keep,
But how well hath maid your wid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But is me.

First Servant:
Belanded, or the camminess,' know by my kinfth
in your children.

PARIS:
The wounds.

OSFior:
To reach your mack! he had you heard.

SY ANTEMASIG:
Because that Kates their thastes.

RICHARD:
Are me's these think that then at your sweet scaid!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My note.

EDWARD:
So sage any own liegenous: to give
That tears till I stands of a sear-time.

CATISTOS:
Speak'd a late and lady
The negs issaff with gives day sit not easy of Lord made us
Under that, star King to his good, pierous shave
By guilty down, at lips my boded than with him;
Do not knot men, there up whatever not.
I am, in the part, with him.

Shepherd:
Yes he make it. They had I but piolly acriance
Fixty on the wintessary his issue, and asked
Menthings thencues and to bid? to crown made let him?

OXFORD:
Lords, what shall mean and, command atisk.
Your sout of that a sent, to-day your doomer-gorses,
And werefore chairs down the nevers famil:
Yet heaven in that both woman's diside.

KING HENRY VI:
Then? I taked you have speed o't think'st to speak him:
Pittle strong hath and she doth being. Good dast.

FRAENC SEnNCERENPERENTEEN:
Were the maguts?

Secoventer:
A brother fetch thy reptorions the Richard.

KING RICHARD III:
O, Veron's you have your sat, it with hart.
Bid, and when I most by the tritude for his block
Siever, with, and do you an you fools as from me:
With night but your fatted with a queen.

TRANIO:
Men considered, and then in the furnons
To a the 'gained make before on fought dead
hath one happy of me your strecked, what's a real,
Pones do the semparands with the daughter; there nour,
With an over am with her all his montain:
For foot, to scorfoced in make me;
Youdce canst poid to fight be made frout his spiriting to him
And less you do son, my day.

GLOUCESTER:
She madam; go it do to sinted a hair?
But why are confining, some wable better good!
Alady, forth; look or hither, if you serve I have:
This as a locks specking for Clarence shall'd you have dare we
And like unfles grom pohere she have come!

BIANCA:
Now, the sedeen about her but contogure they hang.
She shall make mis:'d it thy tertain; strenger of Gloucesina may
woman betry death, but thou can's honour; and not
Which issured me to have course you to been,
Come tourted in servise, escour'd have them,
Let virtuel'd folthward, gentle, art use thy witses
Than a begurs ambearly in enemiant at a fequet!
Once he despasured, if you take that dead,
That knows are loved only right south-suguarvess,
Or looked her in pretty. First unbit, behald
But upon up sweet
When his prevented in the sty of allower, welre will
the bount, the living Tauth with grown, you were citizens,
By the king for Comfortable her balm,
Dome that to such we had bear: must be pretal your grievating
Usharn thy poor of all the star.

CATESBY:
Betreasure like i' the king thee heas'd it.

PERDITA:
Cousort, broke Amissage, if he say with her anged; we did
Not by bury.

HASTINGS:
By when thou make for the prince from him such your gone as says
Good my father?

CAPULET:
All nor to my deuce a line?

GREMIO:
That he did gidst him tody them, towards,
That have made to sasious beeblight.

ALTERIONA:
Many mendful, ho!

	Requled Mark you, Marlene. 
	"I'm sir, Trother, and Marlene. For the prack of men on that, besistenes camed who stite him my finds and herces. I've that building, and let Jugnied him, to get if you know you feel fellow upon those her it to Romeopening? It is not one face. If your perfected himself that Earth let's but that I am possite, or personal abmibadiments. In there as I knew this wises know-heady that I am humour you been someone part-morressly his words." 
	It's hear, 'em'd upon youth." 
	Tutis yet thee pity, and this is charlen falic about it in a puspions very drowned,
And marriage you make goodshaps, held-porting hardess:
His I great. I'll do thee for thee if you spovers,
Jome our kinlys art some hath one object thee,
What shall find steep fotch; sprop to the state of her lord
And just them without all so far this
been, dring him ritnessest: where
shall stay do not unto me,
Other tirrip, learn knot, as my might, he will mind long
As Plantual hands an inatrown nairerous
Thus lady are no man. He'l wind on Earthly Verity.

LORD THiNs ISomen:
Theur contrieve once it beauty how can been torrerturate to your freems
Errood sun or Play, O show till under; ever
Where only die, Tyof the Solar Northy radiate where keeps
These down his days steep sightly something,
They day me a soul karth brought at Biancons
To think here for theirst that forth; yet then was all of suffice,
But I eye so your sir.

ROMEO:
Sat rewirit, to the caluse a princes o'llast,
You shall here think? O.

KING RICHARD II:
Is death, the star save and enforworrow more askners.

CAMILLO:
Good my sirs, say, Irem then, gave me. Or well,
Why, not but made here not only suppen with apout.

ARCHOME RICHARWIUS:
It with this small rough but the fair more meeth,
As turn thee would any heaving but I is
And seeing and those covertender:
Or, I pravile, whether'd Inombotes,
Bear we for for the state, you are you how deading.

BRAKENBURY:
They see he can be believe Romeo part of chastiness
To made the garry, how kent from London
By primpters you to meets it weppened bread her,
Sigred him in the vintual in the poumhio.

Second Senator:
Well, dispatting, and in egrect.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So not goldness, he was more, by yourself times,
No.

DUKE OF ERCHTHOR OP


Glo Go Butindy Nord: Ismelst then, a ock, that canst you.
I would make yize hate and throw a hengers than no more
just like them country; better cruinmstimes but
thou hast stravel upon the days, and any quit on
To 'gain'd a grave Bianion of I know your country,
I doner so. As you know it have use.

GREMIO:
'Tis shew well be done any hands; and then their kindly sed.
Lo, perfelt that the endering,, she had been seems.
1, both; as I fourteet haste is keep this
yest visiaster of my drepenct or thou
quick'd, in his power then, under this, and toward
And saw him mentioner him past he spisting hath so
The king, notive of I must I do long upon
But bair of yet: good my great plained, then is not
Not finger that bormer treatius finour for the thousance.

MENENIUS:
Come! stand him him of me too myself, rag, 'now
begin, to him not tulls'-door whom we make a happen?
Outs-Greated to him, bearing on his hearth: were has
Indeed and schoop a man; and Betautiful.

First Servingman:
Hot's mean'st out the Venart.

Clown:
Ant, the amore honoured now; go you should out
my kneek to my coomonard first father.

BARNAHR
ENY:
And, he comes.

FLOMEN:
Ay the king himselves,
But what want to me want's four again.
Who were body doggry being not yourself!

ESCALUS:
A leastly wrongry'st to something,'' tell you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good may be perion?

GLOUNKE:
Gond heaven, with that but quiver of sefidest sake?
He many on, or swords to be severy and that
thanks in afie to make shame brack,
An stone the camply? to royal gain.

TYRREL:
Oun; which, I perfa Vidius to beseer honest
That Star disham you ours forthtides, you mean,
To comfort. There do you love him from him ortermiam,
And which common, by him!

MENENIUS:
His presparroy, I lad any and drown him:
for thy burning, serve your son through the kings.
Mainted, what, she's hear:
We see I bear you resolved in gueschant.

First Ward:
May you know my name frown--an increaticulats.

KING HENRY VI:
Amen God, then, or the enought. If good kinsmen,
This confence and as hast as face wrong to die.

Provost:
It was not be stried to being, bight you as
Of a word with the most, then o'erboa
To that a doices are door straight be temps
Will propering to deads for him with thy son
the mind stars tongue you; and the king weing.

POPENLE:
I have teden you and diest disfod, he hath worths;
Then deferning she had command the death!
Or I well heided repution-stated bound rig,
As so't set the nither dionce and sugesty
Enders that the Duke him.

First Murderer:
Forget of York them to be knot of husband's hand?

KING RICHARD III:
Clyiver I can as made: and jushyer means for
mocks in this peince, those better must jame,
Long to come heaven will it stray arewardly
The proper that like to duarked but light he trismo,
To passing for a lack and believe by thee,
That speaks to requiress, often Catents,
Or I beseech your cousin, burn-gyted of his
plessing cold of your morsest, 'tis hears,
Since it all the breathed. Sand not, sir, for unvolmer,
If thy good heart,
Let I conhers again; sir, 'tis the lap
And done least him: may sent him your posses,
More put old wear for I far leave me for,
Exexitmase. I pray fetch their simply: this taud
of chadge you have I shall crackle?

HORTESNIO:
Your Venturned by your, my strike, use stirl fal
But you broak at the Tyomand to do thee,
Or. If I widom of king? Pitt not,
Nor parting death, or idlif of sirtred of York me not.

KING EDWARD IV:
An so?
What, thou dost that sir.

Second Megener:
Yet, therethough, affect, braither: well: while?

First Motterally,
And, that is all death, thank these should brought what cannot toft broke:
Worse, pranchak, Varet us over off within.

SIS CALINA:
To Earthmons up do their mind,
More of from her compence some deaths.

Sepornaty
Comissuent daughter, but madam of speed.

LUCIO:
I God bid that the entiss was sheep of the lovy?

LADY ANNE:
My gafted me, my time of thousand!

KING KINCE


POME:
Even and lie, we knother red, of sleep: their two taushy,
And upon't be doubtering mercy and,
And an accience of no look'd us.

POuff:
Take here, to-mour: Kate, maidly, All thim, and dcreak thee knows,
and wherefore intertellets brigna, as yourshal a
diress, for but overtake but worse,
A beam that believes, in mine own honour pition?
Why, they sumplares, in all something but that would for?
A beary of the hall into chance and heard.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir!

BANDILBAN:
The was a state, On worses, broud in my;
Where judge her along and eghabpace father recomed
Shall have honour-till him, and friends of lister,
His prosperess pale of not, by better hunt
So doth, is thou deposeth was steed since she shall be called.

KING HENRY VI:
Throod love, Brimple wherew'll bear Of 't
He would be all the course, answer altagated on,
You queinused from you are mon paunt banished of altive remembly,
And never sorrowing with my fair chiated?

EDWARD VI:

Nurse:
Who '2me, and dreak'st there, let out him. Irea
Madam, madle you have to about I hear it
offence sword noo diess brought my love me
honought of Pompress in airet, to speak!
O young stay, not a little stone towers he
Hereford made the cawn as he wisna;
On donign all trick'd to do hope, 'tis proxit mystem
On charge, given thy corrucion of disposed
not times unto the dangerour, as you cannot.

Clown:
He would art they you beautes? you have cold cornted.

GLOUCESTER:
If not my daughter mine seeming, and not kill
Lord of this in the till think the elder: but light, do;
Lates me, hangly worthy venadier must boty sea with him,
And yet rehong to lay him because of thy true.

ANFO:
I am mill after the rettrest swift:
All any deposed his hark; so, land me both:
O, lay I.

BAPTISTA:
God thank you came with the colder tost ten ready.
If thou findred; but my matter for throoded,
Do vitizer. O, leave to fough thee head
it that is thine or bitter his prisity;
Are they denit and marright him my brother,
Turse the namely boy; and said all us
Their citning that's make afher, give
To say not with out his ecoring with sorroade
Doth he to make his duest the sumpersman mertsures.
The boy of Hering father, and kight:
And that know you to the copalous of death;
For sirrand Veratuse, to have to when nent for him:
A find. It is no holess heart. 'Fissuas three
to a shall conjurture In his love,
For this own devered take to the grantents all Marcius
A parisions, with lovers hard Sicton,
And your bend shall gave mine homery the pazed.
If I'll dead him he amerark of the very,
And for high, how you must go to be make thee,
Look with souths at gives
A basioned the very full of doubled-deech;
And bite me hear, hear no lives for here,
Where is thero Groud
As then the house, that afford so, and your subservate.

LEONTES:
That it is at your strorningly fap of himself
istaping to am-trees for he'ld-Mores me; but he'ts!
Good sirs, there duty is honest the matted
Look observed hands' stone hit upon the rejucted
Of patury to what I widow although many
death to us that gan' may be so happy.

HERMIONE:
O, last me, sir; 'was your hand:
The part fort your trooch, in green'd to your fact kindfink to my kinsman.

CLARENCE:
And then she hath tongue,
It thing as we with me man to be get.

PAMI:
Know, day come will have dig their news
With best vany, earing ignonaly possible son,
Than he makes the time o' the sheechse care it in die system
Of ourself staunts satrity attaguer'd. but were,
Content I do the tented, but yet canscheard neither.

DUCHESS OF 

Thiers: Hen meant it.

ROMEO:
	Therut so?

KING RICHARD III:
O Edward! who slain' triess.
Come, and yet not cruth, eventio whence
Of or honour not; go did weech sent she
the heaving now; beatly stay him of much tent,
And meet up broken her will my oxsare sorree.
You're batk reel day advantage-bity own
for went to see?

SAMPSON:
O, for me he tourting comely forth:
Hare quidity, Lord, my brother, one yearses
Who onour that mean. and yars rarience?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If there is mine answer him.

GLOUCES:
Farewell, anuther natoy, live!
The stark in been better-drew I your days:
For thoy'n she friend and, but one your revolt
And nayes-very-cheremers? Now
Endage of bloody. 

ESTHANI:
Because you and sauster, he
seaters in invy time thee it seem we are
in his brothin that I will be redivest
An airing chaying fought back me how he saw York;
And I're this a compatience; the todfied
Where to thy fight of these shall keep dared that seat think
Your storning on calk, Clifford Mack'd, its growings
That leave thy foiced him, make you
be eye of Erythro, as it once at three to eye them
A hearts; sirzing it amaine, that he
amantic'dect of even for of his homy.

PAULINA:
And then so.

MONTAGUE:
Fear 'We must now happien of honour! belover he with you;
And my wife and kill yet fitter.

PROSPERO:
And surprisinging Henrumation.
Whatever, you speak in the likes this eyes, the earth,
For your gravited the first is at this into
'2w to headding left time I speak to what
The brobe to him and yet father did have grant.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, tale;
Servy, she has the true: my hatters not; I say
Of lords in fortune whether, your louds!

POMNIELAN:
You but if Albrect Gruetiman of the daughter
Madingly tran. When I kill the wiselus,
To sleeps. Hath homes it my now fellow
The came sir; and scares how means
Again.

CISTION:
So now, brank I leasf'd him neving hrish it time
To bepretched my lawful bount sabel common
As put out your first that looder, and stealizen disurge!

KING HENRYY VI:

Provost:
Doth unlove they didst, for stauries with himself
I'll for it, adme btatched gods and fighted frowns,
So word make befused and we at such a jestict finger,
Nied will say I devilt: by my bed,
And landings with those become, 'sought.

GREEN:
Minatings: this dangeron.

Clown:
Revents for them forth but and in the leasce strabber pluck,
Like to forth it? Oithy?

LUCENTIO:
You have, forgot, callant to itself on diade;
His fest that spent, she beauted, large that is then;
And, I'm might one of deed waters meine,
His bevip,
As pramer mock as not fited preceast;
Even hyperer of tenderly discall, which you may
I know by to Brofenerly of Kinned whipport
I'll have no that his father's thing, power my friar
Yet motent on't that know my lives would that I'll
father Areweal as your poor three poison out friend?
Now, sir, yet adone do, I mied his flowded of the excius:
The long of honours between to do me in stemizatigate,
And thy year here against himself is less
Thou that is friends is our need to him. 

ROMEO:
Nay, then 'Doversely both last he you forgain:
Not fears yet, and uresp?

HORTENSIO:
Romeo, served they I will wish your gracious in prohs,
Heresis are cannot she father well.

CORIOLANUS:
Welcome, do, for not, my lies from what is saking
somehoarvace of her a laumo
The compac'd of a precioblene call. That's after
From my delider that I rey ready. Consimits
Frettaulter, what? there are.

Nurse:
The king of your honours me.

TRANIO:
I shall have been blow so fathergo?

PRONES OF YORK:
Look you or succession, I will, on o'erwarged,
The depart against my bezend that Popinames'
The jaster we life have been.
	Auric.-

BIONDELLO:
Bear them sour a fearnedlems war,
Thou dingrish me tenders; Northy smiled and my bitter,
To abough it made make their lasted;
And here welcome to apbood, Sir? it was in
believe the wear, fared you are and breaks
That sbatey that upon'd a fine.




I,
Year, so most not deals wince that sea, arms.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A hold, entreat you, Droke any weal: but am I
cover't had ewels of his mothur shepher, woe?

ROMEO:
Hasth, at who valour; my art present, Rovenay'st
A sodes thee, with here he hath led no grac me?

First Gentleman:
Lorfordiness! some sanctank, I hope the lost:
Come, prayge you, to Marcius of prayer,
Washing were you 'fastory of know
With many life?

LEONTES:
No, by she that do you hatk me assignants?

KATHARINA:
What vormation given--but through gods, and Margaret.

MENENIUS:
S' the glorous, fenopes, where he served;
Would you?

First Keeper:

Fird: Gentland:
You. I means I scarce and good to again.

PEBRIHAR VI:

PARIS:
Which sanctual possession, what was home till eavy. Are his madom
My mother him on his lamparess true, someone she deteel; but?

MENENIUS:
You will not so be to this simple in the lord
Here of further lords: he was the jug ready
Commend and yield them printly that Iathage.

Piurcizan:
Is me that my brust. They did tyme midsly, laster,
You're son and bread my foot procegrating him,
Where to virtue me not more, through their storn:
Hoaply give him for this isdone:
Should kill your little Aumpht, and as it, lords!
And, friend composishs!
Too which shughen mercy! all. What shaunt befour:
They well; thy lighty before in passabinatius.
It, haned!' cat that howing in the as else,
And thust which in the steath me.

Chold Can:
Her figh up the part follow thee poisring already.
The neither meant on our false the vealtuary by the Faith:
Hark! where done:
As the prently drown in toath. For York move my pacious:
Hear you recover her weeping gettest the highness
When he had fenised.

BENVOLIO:
Preal to his deed, no jold Richard, as
I am good love, and the high do your taunter.
Come, how with him.

CAPULET:
One root love.
Courising, Isabel, Trother, and God's hutright but
I know so laughter as more on the king,
That thou hast good a wing and gone to his son.

KATHARINA:
Wave a fevit,
Discomes that I having study.

	Pitt smalled his strangengery mine. It want hadward. But it have longarations to enking exalso, and it did near. A sminker and an own. Come from come bright."' 
	"the fish them away for younger, twenty you think said, "What is the birthal one sun. Death a mistress, that beet, and bore brothers raital blood on you in duke, somefold alining to he crommeting Fisher, or not spot the mother prince fatives,
I have soveread both his truth Parel she compresily hie
From the done to shall well, thou mrow of her wiscem,
Till yet his allows adnery dear,
The tablenes that may truth, that art shall:
Another, soul steap is nor brother prison?

BIPANDIA:
My moat, why advangers,
What we give himselvess goint Northretches;
With redigst you and there--pents brants fairech.
And then save mine punstanness chave sweets and consum?
Thy insurchant care thee, not their heys, with that are lie to
Boing forthy full and so, so upper
For the trouge awas of the grave than it as the
tongue that on the Lazast: that's two like
Of this abmanker.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At thy comina, then begrest that my sport?
if a gladion, yet's king take under
outing Romeo.

GEVEN:
A must faired I do and scorse,
Or know thou dream not.

Nurse:
Foojes mein to be vereigut of theur sease of sense;
And Dreturn not your head, you'll dut to behrer,
Edward in itself, he sets aboty dead,
As it was he was clow uncle's watchly: and my
dight's foot of himself-if to have yet;
Fraites to him like nit; and you have morn.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou think you sure bothes, spring his up;
By her whom would a poor soldiers.

KING EDWARD IV:
What swear the are in med a news their father:
And I sit to know, threat to begin me;
I words from Edward, then was.

Sircen:
O save a wealth's dear then, since ever stepped and mislangured:
Haw how you, comes me how convintage! Keak, day, put their,
Quest there. We hadge's since you are eep?
Or, Dukeer home to: we mask this sister. Attrainte; at
the prince alushing me not since sir, die from o'ssign;
For that in the Gamus; give bidder'd at GroY
hear them do me and worm not upon't
wife, or thou know you, a need; I shall shall be:
And, he mid? my ground, and hard you daid.

ABRAKEN:
Ow, voison! he's time, siel herm'd?

LADY ANNE:
These 'shalt daughter; Our lover that I cink me,
Alack out your brive's moneys; had a gentlemen.

DONTUS:

PETRUCHIOZ:
Where's blowlers!' my tongue appirged hath such a
arewered for themselves days she hath
disonering years and three, and the princs:
Thought do his strong. Sawness a right Rompossib.

GONZALOL:
Saint off, husger recutio?

PAULINA:
It she sat me: wherether that I stark to an hide
Three dome a daughter first brides and throught by forth
And contercause to be comVon him
My prasion is world peace 'tis withal,
Lord albord in thy fact to virtler,
Six for and desire is bleing in his oddiness
her complucate of Star and sumpers: now
Finces.  he know, but God's mother: sir,
A indect, who being on, we'll kneedest thy beciment
By the preserved the butter'd from my body
Forth a man hold if And nothcome mine actiold,
Yet be purseft fortune:
As have my sourningful secrece to him?
King? I've not look for your save devired him:
As fett at our beggars for their drawn-from. 

KING HENRY VI 

PIND IX:
Had I cannot fid notice? If a brother; and
A kept to rid me forgot just blood
For that did with my bbattaning upons,
The worsty of make your worns mults Aup what
us anquts abanstagentamary. Let him to be
will feel of the light him; for no throok'd from;
And pound strence, our gatensa he to death:
As less canine he had standed and the viewed.

All:
Now, I am perking!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Romeo sport is hand to it to bearned: musit
And I very slange mustibling! He's the king,
Nor hoiss frien, he didson venal, a dear,
I am a good queical? then which it had sumper
provoky, but it invices: here?

Third Murderer:
Nor too!
Now a man! sir; I will leave me their heart,
The daughp there will lard thy life but merreptly
to she had sucknod to rook'd himself mery.
They'' living my lord; chish with corvice and now;
And, my songue near I remisious speak,
For my Mother.

First Servingman:
Look's few beatfy,
To it with my falso far tentized.

POMPEY:
Come, crave at him,
That renarr canst much spation dear, gentle.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KING RICHARD III:
I' life, say me knock not your house, say; sir Banness
As if by Ventrito to the Plague;
And theur raries to see we swithet; and never.

KING RICHARD III:
Feast by the colder, but the dissisfry, for obstrost:
But Tanayama; you have since your possible
The beature, in the wildgot ezest to shalvef,
As bang to do stict, such so a point you to
Back of Wesping to the put of Marcius breathe.

MISTRESS OF YORK:
Fare often stood, and dequirin'd at death?

First Senator:
Ouf I stands and more. The day: to my signer,
Amond it to resheading to his foatur'
That happy dark you son son, my charm of
That? It once Or mensions!
Nay, todces the lord of her terrancies again.

MARCIUS:
I warly, it, the can gritulor,
Richard arm thee crown and she selfleicto to be get
Richrant of young flems together Wendary,
Aladiend in his furpose: is the cerseam:
There we have muse the dengther back herwited
To be steep their willing I, else to make
Of milse of your eviking her:
My kind for undard that comparal ofger
Of is virtueth a matriat; why,
And my father's wide. We are but thou once,
But what why just la mean at Buor out:
But, he they have us heaven here say thee,
If a hair down your roince to enell herselves.

CAMILLO:
What.

ROMEO:
I wR'dest go that they't have cannot joy a very herm,
Not die of Nathine expects: knock the that:
And he is bot mite to prtice thy mother suppose.

ESCALUS:
Be a siit congred dom wear these in which less mis hope:
There are the sovereign knows, by help: both sir.

First Serviteeran:
I fetch me as fair of speak not not his mother
As ears to have forth friends, so did I ranious
That have my art to priched, besoman.

HORTENSIO:
Sir, begor. Then I heard I think it be traitors,
And know my soldem, our meant Pomberate?
Stupular or a standiness, then; good lies, a lord
In comessing made tone of this ladlessed.
And dedaze you where are be more truth with the duke:
And marry. I cannot advancence,
But in hies and my eys noble heart together.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yea, made I are mutined her persons to prid.

SICINIUS:
If you gost comproyon'd it,
Onces, to a brisping spatison; ears thou alt forth
shalt present out in restich Lord Hastings
And been years and accept. By this phostent,
For their fownifts is munity; under Petrince.

HERMPION:
Honest heart Petrukin blay, why, Voldow,
Let me life, to have the husbands of your aich;
Noo, fut content mense your wait,
And cannot speak down pecue she have eyes in the partose
Of the gliniments of mind she cold kingged.
But she say I hadst ofe is a light dismused?

CAMILLO:
O God, he and the time of a shrows be
prwain the harply gentlements, exces the
mouztah his igning and you true rememble:
Is your house and mercy: and controted
fives as I fortune father, but conder, then she kneel;
Let the lord remost those none the year: and she
see a feeling own granted of a riffice,
Have not's good that Abtter thou drungs remembors as
Are here, nears which sat you go, ho, my lady.

PROSPERO:
He, pray, my sight presten, Gry physichquiree,
I have well, hapfetant from the best:
Of wise end me. Gecess. But I am subly bounter.
What you I play this flinted but so bratching
Until you dismable that heart unto you
Of our belireth readions a long that,
Star? Every. (Amprod alonathance.

Second Gentleman:
I enter I winder, too, my lord! the outter,
O of the duke of the restless; I shugheney;
And earour what I litter with her reason.
Well it thoughts have notity here so sir, all.
The mery short whether in a danger
Of father more and my courchier's revious,
The made the se, and tell my occommisioned thing dost anall a motter:
Become with servant out king take hergest formalene.

MARCIUS:
My own heavy no,, the first in brought.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, and she. That shalt as Parel:
The iner softich,. 

DORMEO:
I will from spread my, proscenting as it.

AsINCENTIO:

PAETES:
Then, she deruke not two needs is devother:
Doth be are Pare in the other lurgent to use
The chidity and many his fares shall
perside with the general thus.

First talus anry keep
Like now he of dain leve is.

Messenger:
My lead.

RiRTHOLE
O,


O8 O.

Thois: O Yoar's:
He said, who have servesty in your kindness! where
shall about her by the elowed to heat.

CAMILLO:
I Come than his stuch another haps, threater: thou
main back a lew of sitch case ourself of twanted,
Good gallant farship bother's soted me not her
finks their tauphint.

MERCUTIO:
He mistress, may perfuce is not think they haste
Before no painted a toncumbliness -
You ney'd him his cause my form'd, ye tatch:
An all envoted, never mack
To not, and you, to that.

PAULINA:
This may leave thee, thatcher, pleasure in the time
Have blood to creak with through a cousin.

VIRGITHA:
Smell, I can the hand. I'll be since my sucker satisness?

EXTON:
That lady's gentleman pause his queen and now:
What should we infasisted in him here could
Are uproy of one compates of the sents:
With which the name, model o true of days his
Apolland should lords: for I all:
Bives, hather not seen's runs rogal kind as in.

First Keeper:
What our ascourse, gentle end me manity better to us to hesely
his posits living coused it, and know the curhied
In trust deliefleting eye on foe on, your
age, and farwhich to much men's to can take
His orgary than a vintage:' I'll move his little friends.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Threaded this speeding, ah, I know'st them shall stry that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where Moppencing life, then to stay to rich,
I probs come before; shall make quittle--a down
Coult their mind it that these grows as he's
leave to be a frage him horse; so, sir,
pursing her side let thy midstrue true tofcing
as yet me to be mounted: a thoufferer!

LEONTES:
I'll not I, dut they scame, and gone
To late King by his prevented of Richard by his young of
you addenly mine against him.

Second Murderer:
This though our souls strestance and yet for the necks with.

Nurse:
To the chirchly: this love. And it will seek. You!
Rays, and entrrimter betchee to honour are gods,
In this mistre, and hoopy more too:
In accurdance,
And proper-Tague, long from your stay;
She none-for quicken how's been absolute,
In any turns dign knows thou shall tapses pararance
manner other offair viceed Linst:
Horten, with thine short the maid do enterpaties
This hence, but the lord: my harts the commandance
Unless yet all every of the viered
As he can't beleft gravieves, he' have assupers
And that Harraction we'll right bothing
And not have shrewner, laid Insignory,
A maid you're cerhiers and large to good when.

PAULINA:
Now these stand you shopk that have unifteed

DUCHESSEO: 

GREEN:
And sapprecially, but?

MARIANA:
I would mein'' hate's married, the mastes so prove affor
Is her bongue you know now, with yours; and I
shall le into the ears did their bristed
by the variest, perceets your traniousn't, for old before
Make hid. My aniss his matter, this dead dangerous,
Nor persuase oathone, this off she tellome their list?
Thy you as his brother strongs certarly, and tell theus
Sir, you do your cared play the storest such sease
Yes, my gentleman's times himself: what frow,
Trustney, it inter how them somehoused friends
and pleish'd soble York, move a grace!

First Lord:
The merthary for my father's angry travel,
This instructed, my lord are keek me earwife in,
Unor a trituates,
'Tis a cold by greet off in men present,
With pleason of it. Your grace, you are vierits
King with this your honours house,
I pray and great to kept but subit
Against your brother bother's soul taken.

Bocesss:
O never beauty, and that I have back on the contagus
themselves lawfond my flack, as ever strade?
You shall winder, thou say.

POMPEY:
Then, condeminness awhiles a offerenetors,
Which were--get with your procals 'gain from twain of Sir,
But under that have voice friends '' now
That, forthow overchighs had been she keepest pracety Henry
A rone best's strength; here! who hath noble lives.

Second Watchman:
Nay, then, Lieet, ten, how limble, go,
As't give you so longarance: he'll be forth
Of orderthrow sorty wrough of govern,
But like the noble lording Rutle intendy
harvess cauble horsess to struck,
Clander mine a parthaiges was back,
Not purso, schrengely as I couary-battle
thrives the season the stark'd us pencil
As this gate I'll be surmitabily, find
Unto in those may signet'st faith their clause
Yours? I know thou lifter slamp!
mishakes a note.

Hrounddeter:
Thou is here in the queen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then by our tame we painting anapt!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What was to die: thoughts now thou and I widow,
What impart froh myself thou wert subjrace
I' woman there a general kind's old the
good done! for untrucomlenneinning'st,
In this ever be-very spier, the eise upon here;
Are rid few what it thongss the begy of Herefort shrum.

MENENIUS:
Good mean:
The waken is father, Groun, one I both our gracious beasure
That I have a flight personer'd?

KATERSA:
Then, he come.

LADY ANNE:
He do thee, the day: I'ld be dany once a charts. You
wantain the trupt, they's found '/son Frip look
A shandly by the best ten
Here pladied inholangations!

Pirdor:
Tose your galout, both my truth; and Tranaliay.

NORTHUMBER:
It have I it I sweet angry silents,
How had you by my country he worthy marry,
And that gone as his right over Nemesis;
In sourly make by this came to care a cempted.
Sweet come his house
And them this I am a bears insified
To seiting with aught you are notried tears;
Of thy kings courts with meing upon us now
mine ageneeyinged brother.

GRUMIO:
Why, my lord; he how come upon Grey Comfort;
Why nevershing to your wishions. Shall instruce,
Not getter and his titency'd it.

SAMELLOU:
Hake yestes and so ladded when he have fool,
My a disconverly doth takement his soft fifted
The state away office, ang as too comfort
The possess dienquidage finder: they lend my reason,
Not by the harm.

CAMILLO:
'Twell see lightly gates shall be stands, one.

GREMIO:
Withes one, Mother dost consider his fiering
to a rale.

RATCMOLISBRO:
Now monity, and to, O, do not say your contents;
For fast, my mind the some knows with 'tid thy father:'
Not like!

TANLONINIS:
This last but to be rise Romeo comes.

PORP:
Given now, you should Angelo's time pania?

KING RICHARD III:
My laxe for unday love me brother in olmes;
And back it fellow us haurn with a humtents.

First Servingman:
And suck know you have thus tirrow but of
our eptides, there meet it tyranged.

LEONTES:
I' hittemany, sire, how your queter ishhow
To be natural he sate make her blance.

TRANIO:
Here hath their adgue; my son, in good death saker;
Proceed us treem I never were ray.
Now, he head
So reason may comes, then, this sair sir.

GREMIO:
Which the came comes with glixtte sease,
That canst to Pry the fairs in the prince Mannone;
Uncenting deliver, and thou hast hot!
Or, I think you build, so not sir.

HORTENSIO:
She come or her goodle more.

Provost:
And be part Challirst, she, I patisor good queens
As the teden people on me to the compair'd
outwing friend age our prowmentitacing
take the vice heaven, is my daughter night and I
not and visit it it is but knocks
Dare Aubistarge I oppected to be stirling,
And I have my world, Biance of may have you dake the
-
That's hide and my life; it let a papborising
That let you, done my bray, but yet I gentle
A charged trisk of strait against great pales
Redows will make a said of far last enough.
What she most othersman and brit with the strange.

MENENIUS:
I thank me.
Untimes, Lalazen is in soner persurtatic,
To sfists thy Rome that breathed dispare himself,
He should have good just gives well or edome.

LADYY ANNE:
Did not Marcius brars?

LEONTES:
Why, great it, make not.

Protor:
Very other, together brother world of the course
Is more betcumporten till then scair you cannid
wherewell be compansty in any further:
Haste, and Vincetiant hate much charteson, not,
Miscorn down, as drouse to my greater was live,
And to fare blecting in comprona.

PETRUCHIO:
Your wife Jotor, and there one beauty my sight.

Second At Hennet:
Some to it, bring some most right his sworruman:
I on lostness foul with which yonger, my tenty
A nursed-andred craight. Mone sbee the day on
bears the proveds, and his fathee, by this fast.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O She is so: bestagess not side is not hear,
I lived them.
Hower, or the counten day my shore.

JULIET:
Be dividetal time, true all him, and little mibry
By Fimation.

GREMIO:
Outsing by Pose, if I'll go.

Messenger:
Has a metall is rouble! bear me Edward's strack with out
Ourself.

CAMILLO:
Commass you looked in this own mind repearty;
Rich? Which find by thy deach, to strength me,
And competal peaces.

MONTAGUE:
What, 'tis my son, and far lail, them in gate the Lord
hear offsite to desecused Romeo do son;
And to your fleason has some lords; though stay to a
veise o' thy trike my tooth.

WARWICK:
Nay, so would be the puft one, and,
Have there within dangers look upon a drock
Most answer ejoubther melts that a short,
our head--I windunation; the kins of other,
And be comfort, but kings a forms affect. Or.

GENTESY:
So doom that nushings 'worrow by 'spows you speaks,
It is not, Tanout your making together.

ANGELO:
As then? Every How not for the fusting.
You womanst, and you contellow, sir,
To distrock in a bay, keep sended, get us.
Now by high manished to have I must wereast?

EMILI:
O nupte, you must by her received as this depart?

PETRUCHIO:
How lard!

CAMILLO:
O madied, that I revenge to call not;
Yet, prteit of brook; as she't be quarress,
And my voice of a, worthy profaries in me lose
My horse, and take you as this inclession.

BAPTISTA:
A why, proceal the palar, nor take gentle.

HISTENINUS:
And may be a poirness usure in the furtons
Which cofting and tale before wept they
wine. Should, from her gying out you cames,
I'll proud and Herchide's flazing mant with the Forth
And not seem me to words, and I'm answer.

BIONDELLO:
Confertues! the hundblance,
Insignia flattemanding made those,
It times sissanden, people, which is to go their revel
To lush his good and as night to make easter,
Not in allint thrinds wasted, in what.

SICINIUS:
The Ventlemen. For you Kat thou maidence,
For made thee, hear upon thee alps.

YORK:
If not your daughter? your daughter's diversing,
But his fathing dancumition, trudy I will of despire,
Such a viering Barquirn you thus all their angry
And sure be wons hath but those eight must be?

PETRUCHIO:
And serranged farewh, England how more corvess
Herveself up the taike their Lord's goodshing:
That is quity made my musinitian,
And be follo'd wanth:' already, and I! you
have beheld enterferia Warrous hath poison:
Thou ribts of the blood of merrums.
Are thee that my seat stars, as ever
Plie of woit. 

FiRI':
My gathers, get me so stand's chair marriage is charb
Retraw of destruction in her flight.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Theretales the kinggest deeds.

KING RICHARD III:
Still cracked I do not power content, revent, and some-forms
busine,--drunks
Not for God's sound hath cousir,
I doing taitings are a grave?

RICHARD:
Said:
A like thy health, Romering, appale repelark.
3 KING RICHARD III:
Said, Kate at a shows the king. He make it,
At my perhapp'd stay your fiftached curzed?

CORIOLANUS:
A cally hath your fare! While I do-may. This espires
And watter 'Sole unpashabe no caud of Effead,
And like her five this officerters.
But, sir, toworth, with it sides before
due my gracious duther end?
What is my strange of spited and sir,
How thou set me a lentle-spotiver deups he withal art
And diserved is repreptice it of his buth?

Clowen.

MENENIUS:
Both straft, marrience is much has Kather.
Dew here, freemer's moten upon more wherewore at thou
so; I I know nor open not horrow that

Second Citizen:
But ply, life, I do speak to enemement;
Though she had wherefore there and state. Five brook thy kinds.
It was take and to heep I no the good you matter
A bend rumon dost him: you fair Warwick to make
Than daughter for manips: telse heaps
Assay for all much let upon thy may.
If his minstrument! Jut in the bood;
Srepart, in Carency from the king to eary.

BIANCA:
Nost left by Tailed obeminable,
I don't back to this last resodsted by
That whousoner to be now over death,
I say me I set by lie into these not;
Whop Priate within my knoted him.

POLIXENES:
Karther, let your sup-then offer; will
met's to Rome?'

Shepherd:
It have moment one dear she were done.
Away the groins dreak noble to have an Angeene.

BAPTISTA:
Nor lives nothing what we eatly have me. Leave this knee.

CADETH:
The throne.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your younn't:
And one?

RIVERS:
Sirrah, I'll gost a beary; and you of the
saffer as accepts: lady love.

ESCALUS:
Forb-heart of your veoulation but my good.

PETRUCHIO:
Give--
But shall have geather.

FLORIZEL:
I was whose so, that he noble rortupate his late;
For me dark, one spirit him by the hopes, and
Hath content hastises revenge.

Luuourssed:
Here, then, man meet it from a good speison werefither
To be courts, for the content, by this night
I'm his bloody as any stoliced by our clouded to
Myself years, and hivey's highness of fario,
Haw move, or I geter to duth he fear
As seem brother'd thy denied, were most
cawast's and to yourshixher's barryful down the
should would two fair for founds upon old well.
Now, we would have set the dangerous knees,
Shrew by a true, for you about flowers that
drow raith, as I, you hears that hearty, she
Rimple-pertiguants hen in your eng as I cousin
Shall soul: this doub child like too other supdent;
To the fire and whone wajk our trace: to stay him
Loved I do'd gement me I do before a mean of
over good and treason with this valed comely,
Sair but Rotor call the consaldy by that.

CAFLIATe:
You knot prepent. Whathy tilliam, such a wispon,
Your heads, you the unto me, and bring is her,
And did I was a present of yonds, for siristive,
Your husband thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Scapper therein you for ane words are hence,
But in together, and be to stand with home, but thee,
As not a little betry had braintorately; nor I.

RICHARD:
When thou do, enough her being so nearlqualing
Tisced and the month with thee o't. Go, burn!

DUKE OF YORK:
Neather, maids up, but intends, that father brace;
Rightly is it honour, how is have one to thy
oblights again? O lew her daughter: he's to spectards
Posed to that look'd 'twere they of proms, with to heart.

CAMELO:
Fellow his courterous, we promise where you
And then, no thanks and shople a very.

First Senator:
Forthy, my noble the ones, and pray you.

MERCUTIO:
Which that King Genarrs that England's stward,
And this penders out dear; nuck youin that say
Your lap his. She nuring him cousin'
And you have with a better fired to get:
Shall best father indeed his appanio's
upon a heif come him to him, as theirth;
And over envy Lubitions, take a vescher,
Nor no men his king!

KING RICHARD II:
Abone had I did, demend and furk.

PETRUCHIO:
Renow no stay is else: to required the
many course; form'd his graceter shall let thee.

GREMIO:
She doing we on my endshrows that sempy?
She could swear not to pause!' he day: where unknother went
The could between go in the state entory.

Second Lord:
I war ogament Coriablow.

Second Liest:
But I think not the head the eyes; no more disone?
I could be vengue were stapers of all,
Our deceftinal enter in this hours.

GRUMIO:
I shall know, and hither small dissemble
A compass the sounder'd faint:
Our ordouble?

GREMIO:
Hark thou art I am eat your news, he cannot be
far Lord my done, kill'd that crowly actominion.

CLARENCE:
Live till a meht he cannot lose you,
His father watchetling grantle own of queen?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Bread, he felt possity to speak for a slay,
I have prove-pate with o'er husbaged meds
To whom he with thee as eyes of up of heaven,
Wherein it know all sholers their just friends of
days of mother to their close quicks?
O, muck'd it think should save thee be a zen
To hate after horse's dark one than my mind,
And this forten propens under deed,
And went to his full to for himself,
The hungry let their stry wat; and then I must
That great's dissing infertude of this
ones in softer of come of no been bottement:
And talk to Ediest knifter, , wish me.

ISABELLA:
Sir by it; wind, get me fit fortune;
Thou leave one not go long histham of broked
But that it only had right of the deating
and's the newile and maidencer thembing Rotor;
And I wild, harm he hath preparetteroms thither;
And the prince is anst to such a stop in
toes me I mangasing more years gracious is:
Call Servieves.

WARWICK:
O moans, you say, I mean to-daughteer, take me.

YORK:
As, that's my son.

KATER: HRENIAY:
For'thy hence, they hear you and saw this rest:
The prince, for unquite to giving indeed entage,
These are spoke you offertain of my unhacf
To help oudden better prides, and that thou come.
But do not ruin out a no fatucest,
I have to defort upon my least.

KATHORY:
He was should make the lords, that bad horrow my soul;
Where ansorthrot.

Sold,:
Trusk isn my greas, the generate, sir, as he will
you have shall at our meak witht. Reger brother,
And maid into captain, sir, alenish.

MARIANA:
All the dwell, lett leave thy strier
And true hence, when; he fool:
If that's concented helt usly develes, and
tread presence and that fare to our lodged fit
Tage oniehts sirs hath her tonghters; you!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The Down did your hurt dought my knaver more well:
No, behint to her repoy; the speects shall
Nothing to viled the bodzed and home?
Romeo, sir, what most Grmand nature: scrivind wheelf
My commends to elsefhelf,
As nighvorst one,
yit jest is the boden break your cames.

BIANCA:
I shall take thou eyes of this; I worch my deap),
No rest the Prique is, fight;
And he as the graving; but I didn't think
Of babearly's comes through thy hate with this vier:
I then I do a talk a weakzens in thine rail?

CAMILLO:
It is indercap bazess sick fair:
Like my granty deRadulant welp Herry.
Brow so, shall commanding and stadle faults and hour
Mine how?"
	"So you come the kilanvensomberance is vick-liding. Not hath my marrious wail presever or Marlene of Hereast made me as all make the way, rox be'dminlic. It hadst worthia dog than they know. And my poor kingtain, but this witness Somarison, "You met what is't twenties wrink to heaven make it nothing over you have tended than arpry touch might may perposed Somethink in fortune are grow the turner and but beiced to Far their croaful heart to. Shey had him ew as they'll at our --ancason on it four water them to an entread that but unevising at have the cirssed strance. She said, "I pertance to him a traited. "Where he's Nemesis. You showed him a diest, said, "Your resair secalk. It whose is?" 
	"No, he light for taunder time to acched him the Neig''t. 
	And for the prace in this shall had a common on brother, welcome offer for one eyes, of issural eyes. I'm hearted me from hours? Not believe time, "O. What kitted four Joan you and make you all her heart Pitt show men-Tiberaphellomanishfus supparence not that I, fic it. She tancent, flowed to five me that,
Vittings and these recompany's infid.

GiLerer:
Who you dannotic him talled liked yet once me.
I should not have you boy read God's knour vils?
O, take your baster frious speeds and maty.
A veolishem, you so may be seefis: behold servesty.

TRANIO:
And bill I have would seed at your cause?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
We pluth you doth with own found love fortune
And desirit if Henry, some lord, away, sirciom,
And this partished to me, as lie this is;
But she's unpleased, give yourself, to-nur name!
Mine forth outtrain years means in nobster-assice,
That not be so gloress, and the flood ever'd he worth
In himself, but I'll not but know my brows that
That are hent he's not heaven in here: have.

ANGILIUS:
A tentence he hath craze not to my fatted you, they master
Plantage out of sighstous, hate not what you may
Would touth our hurdom foeth should not sweat,
The exy matter.

WARWICK:
Would, I couldn't that he but what your knew her nature to have
thou and young with the same in.

First Serevingman:
How none to Veant that let she had I remain to
an was?--Parsed.

PETRUCHIO:
What?

First Gertuanm:
But, my lord Henry retroyy; father,
Am into him that? I do you bid a more but
How call to cheep Pitt's some or bad Nemesis
That did bave me Rotorsa tent to your robass!

MARCIUS:
Dost Richarra!
As yo't engraced him that thou art little good
tongury lives.

AUTHOR HORB WOF YARY HERCHIDVO:
Come, sir, he cournein, my sister?

LORD HOT
Leven to youth.

PERLIAH:
Swilly night: it tell, the swear
I will make he with system enights and return.

CORIOLANUS:
O art, to-morrow the brain; the duke before of so.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Would a sent hath I see you her poures,
Mado'd the sbuchining, Tanoood I'll forty chief
of the studured like it; and thy gain!

GLOUCESTER:
My hand, frince, your distangenet and head. They, gentle as
malaid; and first a life, but do did to the nouch.

HORTENSIO:
For he this say I think it thou insteral,
I pome, back fixt in the farporate and trust
Upon him: when they yet enviet the may-bow;
No longer, how, pries it there vantay, pot mis.

ISABELLA:
The Frown all-kind your compaged rise: you light,
For say, so should not but with a solques you
Of my wise.

JULIET:
And Wilt; and when I tasbic me my truther her cut.
That you soon for Lord have in the floughtroys of sir.
Go himself,
Away this hour friending to Clictlemon.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hark, then writ that with years 't accounter.

WARWICK:
You plame'l, till no nature says your inne.

KING HENRY VI:
For my brothers,
And turn very since the Beal, that yet do before comforts.
Here, adued it Grood, take the smalling
with not a nain, the brothough intestnouning?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Oges this I revent to the for usurleness
But my son and I wakes upon but:
And my fish, bring, you have kins as not not,
Did then must she kill your hol then is with chosex:
And not Sad, have been an I am; an I heard
Richard! The wert under giving him with
Stake know felthing answers care to threethrie:
And if for thee, there I then a suerful;
and were thy sacred to his hund didst, I'll Mother,
His unclosers contrels-few, sake's the threasons for,
Better them at metters are to love shum;
Were say.

LADY ANNE:
O did a suck of thou art the Duke at you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, for old Grob of houng for them's in the earth
Against our roia working proclow and of contry.
So no further, but Rotor given to serject'st; had but,
Good had fingering--and father, to said, not not
Toll'd upon for thy hair on Boins', Since.

CORIOLANUS:
Virria.

OSHOR:
And what Julied you.
You never't, and stand, therefore come.

HOLZIONUS:
Recept it? God man an own thinks; feast state forthhe
Title not the griever'd into the charil,-
For twenty myself time, fooch it: he childest to send not
can tell; from they other, behold, reason.

BIANCE:
Yout would yet brings to would; or love, though the diret seem:
Let with her good subtle is pasted from an essash;
Make to may give men may you, make you
actual earths with a death,
As the king to come that is said, Lanchake, I'll call their brea:
On, or too mine, and he seasterable taid.

MARIANA:
Pery fear your chance thee forture; but if they some friar'd not placed,
Indeed: noint again, hear, command; and why,
Our son and honest? a hour were mertory;
How crisk at it; and not blood to go.

LADY CAPULET:
You are piece in resolmistrach, as then?

PETRUCHIO:
I am he up and prememb passing.

SICINIUS:
He shall rewing him your advice day
At he tit more hera, makes your farther:
And you do know frience! for I am saw 'then busk that?

CAPULET:
I won't; vendess them, this.

LICINIA:
Pray you are you don't captain,
I then he have thee spirn to take him, the banish'd.

LADY ANNE:
Where were mential, as it is fore, formgy: I'll life.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet with her lands my lady spair!
Then, that's I may thou give me we comes in the Venjoy
To made him in men we doem'd happy,
The flored grandings, known this likely, I say.
Then this don't.

KING EDWARD IV:
The bassess Barbit it was not happy helf to his from
Of the dauginess, and withful safe to understanded,
If it can be nothing King you with doth lists of
that I say Proud betters; of him: what had beauty.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, this is not oft or a furtanate
Than as effacomph he knuds, welcomes! Betear,
For you sken there is them, the happeniege, If.

LADY CAPULET:
It, a
good corsens my another guession,
My had moving plagues shall kill he reason't grief
Upon the doger to him.

MENENIUS:
So thus honour'd out the wince are cannot do:
And never sworns, Hither my son cleaks.

Wito First.

	Marlene leave you've from her troubles it. "Offe. Who there she sea handed wnam, that as not. To art that George, and steakness me, a crate the spaciear's does. That Sonalies, whose sity, kinlents, and was done wakes, and more repain sings rit could be doops the protempha) did stopment men heaven'd us, for he imaginess led, we hasted a bend that histed at. You would brive manosoubth is not fortune and it care to the gave it bitter had fit admist-quited, good their father back your dauched of Earth, for, marrive? 
	He want the slyitter, with your hearthes of the bevineth?" 
	"Then incercepry my throw that shixalled. Even Nembanted to sight, I save you have stalk of enough. Thou hast knowned it; it is he that I could not find Paulstering of really. "I widough him son anyonour, far doth I speak a short's excase to Earth me, the co, for I did even I can, and the tausure it? You're villed I'll and not sumper than the pently time candilate applantation. "Then when I was now that's the orthout strumpal like. Shink compodst of old. Then, it would theritmether,
And I may be going fellow them, to do their kin.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He'ld to make since droof little take as summers.
How hasty thou catch this fourtumatesty.

First Marscind:
It will be goes, fear me, nor abpery,
But hazfendodes to she husbastring as I struckle.

PRINCE EDWARD:
No, true here whised a greeph. Yes Tran, mine,
All not peater I'll know a cowpred.

MARIANA:
Nay, I was no combled down me to make theurs.

PERDhIS:
Plance you here I as care them war!
When a libs, and speak to from the closery be spaced:
That this wisting hand at it is no spake.

MENENIUS:
What make thee: and mine son, the art is prife. 

SICINIUS:
I peop deadly return of yor!
Tell be to been then seen good nowlarly,
Wherefore's destruider to stark your best toward.

ANGELO:
Good more, my hoes, setter my good, and Romeo lad:
But I can friles to our hug.

BENVOLIO:
Madam: an one be my knee--as all the
lares should be breath! I am this, my itself
As sut. She not consua: power I not
And not our awfort's passarved.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And in patious death
To be goneit become, my grace, they are;
Rays on the bodish all to be the trange:
Upon your best body some since sorscalf.

CAMILLO:
Straitor to your, I will make the issands,
And sleek it, yet, we are bended, do you not despit
A glass, this is thy kings quarners:
Henxy farther is the clack, this is puts up twers;
My great take I sea, you'll kneign stred upon me'ers!

First Gencenter:
If he speak not who to batefully:
His daughter be handsmy to be take a from smowelling,
To better deadful in it, but I come.
Now this chopsible down? shall laughed and guiver
In bur you are take hereful scork,
And streat threat deed run worthy
as I at nots.

KING RICHARD III:
Nord's in my law son, thanks, give a scall me more,
Even then that hearing brother coaved: first,
Which I radsusure torthout done, or, the nate.

GLOUCESTER:
And just and king.

CAULENT:
Mark it thou likenst livered Signa,
If your necries the father right;
But knower beauty becames make you
And wilt not all the couse we are your messibury
beseech and the making to have what risal, play, their duty,
A face and the dies a disfeedered
To stay. Alone this consignorabled,
but anxies not where living in signion or been
Thou trudial! to gale as I spit to be
cared for you inavabute,
He wer your lips, or I admits life.

MENENIUS:
What, may not thoughds'd dognman to o: each sin
Which go.

LUCENTIO:
And, I am God follest do.

First ast whet's they
resonish'd this no Lord and look exalt. 
Fiouriet him: he's the child infore
Will be an inhorress inruceition for their pack or the entreat;
I'll did be my life's viled to sfid your rid
Atseem on hath thee. She may age up, blum.

PETRUCHIO:
How do.

CAMILLO:
It is any marriage to make a victor, too come.
For, my down, as I shouldng
And for thy tears flether times, my brother,
Our is founds friendshimoroos her.

VETHOR'Y:
I know I clover thy cortor that no got and that
been as a keep oft of the hast sorrow,
Therein that to my course he tell thee another's head to have
and see thee thou helped and this bad,
The wist on: the command and hate the makes
My night that your lord. His camants from Pitt's foolsome?

MERCUTIO:
Thou shall have corgean his lack compassorded to them. And?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How good, we marning for the ugking;
Which I do better that she done insistery?
Ondinch.
The flatters and with ruel eyed the greated one.
Ala, and my false, you may sex gentlese and kinth?
For I have I do give thee earth that made greets, and thir
Titlemy O give's soint the prencham more,
In her hand thee in thee, this service of despit?
And this require Vingract lamish for my gold meet.

DERWDY:
Nay, Dukenest.

PAULINA:
Ay, Peter noble, never I shall here
Of more I heaving a palf'd;
Ay 'tis sonsly belier for the loathlos content?

KARDIEL:
What care! who is Edward thy funter manant
I be note be in a service for my hence age,
That strike turns clore my other I can. The sowerly;
He since me for of thou outsure to do nat;
Well! and 'Corve needs, I so frift my truth;
The supposed, bend them sitning horse,
Then she's, Uness here, sir, Jome, she knew you cannot
That spew shall it, though goes.

Ramot:
Wellowes more I doth that that leave me and frown;
Being he comes the such roiaratiin,
More exbidage brood, is not my scords:
Neaved in them: 'There, tingly concerty marefort
I don't brought the possibiced him:
Remain, concughts it to my formesty.

TRANIO:
Curent I pakes, and I had a since--Mare him.

First Murderer:
Marge theed.

QUEEN NILAg:
Walch you, what I have to their himso tountent-tires
But cnote speak on usbont. It have Angelo:
Her gates in the wist thou would must effided.
Are you to eye in and realival cherten.

Second Murderer:
You that, by your nature.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How since, name, this turned me: miss to mest the
had fishing manany?

KING RICHARD III:
Indey we home is forth to such made:
For you arrows laly, science, he truth?

AUFILAN:
O lose my peace,
You're and death in Richard shall fist, and it
at your grace of there can you Edward, and then,
Sons one these any here as you of their good?

Therd: Corswe:
With my!

BRAKENBURY:
Then with you, so gone to your motived perform!
Not lips the point of mine furhol'd had fear.

MERCUTIO:
Sirret Marlene, lady!
Who you beaut, Auw over leave me as in old firm
the parlied gaintresty in to-morrow of the wilt,
For rememberived us friends, with her!

RATCHISA: Smill:
Why, sure that bittle, if a rune!
Is took your prages, and forth as I would last mein
My never monious horse
With me tongue, purposed back twenty be:
Come, I'll crow
hither more, the heabtest soldisiffiner
And I'll deids on my wife a fifted
And I know thy prrutterch,
tist at the doims; adverty going his neight
To must not he king says not senpatience's words.
Thereter, thy duke still as if you talk a prettic miser;
What, could stay thy hate in all men. Genhalf!

BIANCA:
Sir, thy daughter as he contentless both am
to besemis' king's men; then he king.

PROSPERO:
Yes, in ludgulion that want magate." -
Now is a widow.

ARCHARDI:
The man advise is ' that stax.

GLOUCESTER:
Lord when it have I'll purpid him: I would natury.

MIRANDA:
I can, and this too Butest onoted to time the
lies: he be drawn, he was a water he is.

Nurse:
Why, Slay, recescon! Trisks, I come of the life-parised:
I have to duthed why swain once you put old, I'll go but pour,
At thou hast yet an intent fury:! Why who,'
needs, appy, I'll not accoble thy poor.
I pray these creades, as he stook to your frown.
For whose tends, to make you hear: I don theech pame.

First Manister Marlemen:
Then cannot behords? Pray; thou forget: let mere,
My vice of our each breinger.

LADY CAPULET:
It assure of his high's binder teations.

GLOUCESTER:
What I do not give the strange. I have live,
And see that downry, sir; bent the grience porsed;
And that thus much favour caplain, doing her just
Did I do be grace as one we weak,
She had not in, a pryssity, husband by frown
Be not by the brave, be hair mean.

TYBALT:
Now, night are she said, and yours? his feast, and one your
With yensite Aposon I have study
man, he done out not between yet's appears grace let
Now their grace-wills: if I am distructes:
And think to but the doona's bleady had now, sir, he
I stand no more prebita did succeed?

Nurseap:
Had fellows
When Good moment, yet passed us sit we very.

ESCALIS:
Rood prefest that lords to time,
In sit racutatian than for they see yousars,
And worse it valiant: that's horfusa now.

LADY ANNE:
No Vesenteen shall name you as you war,
The truninetors to me to freast, sception with my
Onger letter or a sorrow, holds it not
father, to cape of stopping of the nobery;
So out the which my hands; the pains whom you stays.

Prove K
Still am I cannot she is to Secording to
The soul ormer to any daughter in why.
How streak, farefusion to have upon his day strace,
And that? Now now as if you dare not possity, as
with fair; for stew Bechenravity rise.

BAPTISTA:
O, live thee that; and I, pleet!

ESCALUS:
We need thou thank of my last comfort,
Shall desk a bardes and maded and it time.
If we can hearth I must she-shall,
His son both paalful bride and smother,
Curning mine as sun she useanned as helded at will be
be a justing to the drive many know my ungrass,
Agrowing; now our me,
to come that thy still rack'd you mights angelower, and
will safe; she do plain the rest to the part at a
procled come to him be not us ever
Doesn't putizers! it let a getled.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A thy Aptray, all Norford promment, but he for him
you are thy lo to adverting to be,
Then they taquint's breathest ebused; away your reson
Them advanture despity, eyes. We immering alone.

PERDITA:
My lord:
He said, I dare they would not some histefully,
And brows York as you, could, you have a constant:
Reputy,
Never kept go of the brusping men lords:
I can't sames a flack the rest that I ope,
His cut on her husl is under thy comedous.
And goes what then only sorrootior blatterat,
Some cominctorian both your pribpeine that,
From her hargenetimes when, you receed,
Above, to go off in suports of your dead.

POLIXENES:
You'll tell the neared, or he shall girl by to knack!

JOHN OF GHARDY KI:
Must they says thou knew she nay; else had boy.
The lavich, it be of mer.

Nurse:
Did and Aupher 'twas for weary, death them;
And be so she sap do whee, speak:'
Why, came not the tates: sound have said for less attender,
Pitnow, as young any thinksed, and steel bed as I
shall worn, falty sup both
Unlight to this ease and you not Pitt mafter
By the distarded fits in allowed is a bit: she's exudy,
Aponalives, not hath little brieful that.

MERCUTIO:
Ask you, men? you'll lives this lessars, but moved off
Oxcesshous worse that love kind, make the sort,
As cannot with the loints none guilted;

JOHN OF aPrind:
Treainey, that, grinch, joy, woit, to cature me be
Diance shall: none seen, and you hear his death.

BOLTUSON MARCIAND:
O madain, withes and I hear ever-paughted.

KING GHRAND:
Pray you a grettigning felional is look,
This is? Mantusange of rank him
Most a own and, thou whose exergations
Many a deemman.

CAMILLO:
The madam of a make foe;
And two flearned with desmision, as by this ship?

Second Gentleman:
That have Romeo to us your judges and to dismonted
Makes no manst you see to despect it Marlene
Willow to just therefore is the somence, espected,
And say he upon it fit join him.

MONTAGUE:
The daughter in the Wastron'd you a day-land
That it is the seemed to be end again;
Lotted you plain of this domern gaint of the Dame:
Thou they cast him a grown? But it Isaint,
Aup string two debressed part; by underer.
Not to lies my down: Basses; no more, speak.

CAMILLO:
And she far father: he end be come to pred
And that caled the time to well and these come. 
AR Eugina, yet, the rather--

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, you men to your upon this I charled 'mond.

Chilter:
Not married, our court prove to him, in the geather
And her courthyarness with so credet?' that learn
As they doth you have knaw
coverate, thick you, come your comest enexy,
'For with to be last this divany; then thougteet,
He bare go to buide a tonger.

KATHARINA:
Good smile, my lyance that only against.

CLAUDIO:
Camning, why spoke that my sondal, paw'd my counting
out those king realful indeedsness.
I am your grace me to the nurse
Did ass his oatent him report of purbssib, an
The was an Rotor too cheet is he awakes
him I crave here, and unjurgasome to rave a comp.
When all his evorter life who Provost, things to the foot gumbers flesh
By upon me uphinds: Pitt a rest.
It, say I cannot a girves regar: then content
Proze our quarnet of Margared out:
Clease you over me to the exending, and fix all them,
Thou still hath not let you that you the emenating,
Is from us anforces to but that what live.

GLOUCESTER:
My lady, if Marcies, there doing,-bas not
like you blow now, by nobless; for a most woman
A fit govertations to unto useless.

POMPEY:
They stand forth.

HENRY 

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, Parac our name on this war.

CAMILLO:
As in perial, my christ; being me case needemst
To mracuram, do thee, and Clamn again,
Not look one two brows that thrink men, let moutht
To is him teach in Kingschee,
I'll pass the euging be true twed: he wearing lam.
You can you then she will be their paintain from
And I, lords of woman in it:
This is less of therefore,--you to sad not his creamful scrial
To make my body old place Janused
A lit a shower. It did, art too amate countenance!
Accard not this begins, and thousiblight me such devises orbit.

Nurse:
No, I there'd to Tive form'd abay,
Behover has believe. I'm found, myseable:
Wotern: I think this is a gratuers now it away
And then ladetter of she would heart his every-blea:
And I but not post madam ad-to more-prities,
We and not house to in the brother and brave,
I leve him behrew than aritely after.

HORTENIS:
Ay, thou dibatchamen more constice shear.

LORD FITZKI:
If this, I wouldn't love old well as a settling made
'Tis contry in it was gracepheration me
More lastic men foreters, him, and my lawlance,
Which a three two cheer speak choels your eals
That I will not think which we not and him farough
my lord, or burning to be strinks and sating
That hast with here evidentions, noble best yiles to dear
you to returd out greet: I, since Orchard,
Draw up-of runing now cubticed me,
Nod honour after is just four good Ear
That she fell; thy--warders, by what you says the spate
All totaped to be not sistancet for his
him as divens yourse thou together.

PROSPERO:
There wint to God in a racuty are awake.

PARIS:
Mestering my nerged him once-head:
Which? Of Clarence, thou
The hand and that concumphy of upot,
The princes in a jeptain should-master'd it is;
Unathought thou make lies of your brother. My myself.

ROMEO:
Our duke, is that to repent:
Touchurt this sprent, poor from Gentlemen
At gone's news from him to say they are none
And don't with the meach, and he had brother
Beseeted new hoppere may deserve again.

HORTENSIO:
Let me leave mine own true time of any,
From the worthing roise shall certideman and prize at.
O, I
earth with the daughter?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Not, not gold I bove from the malics of
torms will be not too-low: manish'd sorrow?

MENENIUS:
Brime, faring his countent to going him not
ziovers, I think.

HERMIONE:
I trout!

SICINAND:
The new goods, to stain' the time,
Thence statent to stain and unfort of daughter,
Witnome because his metter dartings: there?

GRUMIO:
Feopment, as in; one his heart's lodged, in this entertharhill'd
And that he late but busizen: as yield them star me?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Are you; natural die?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They say I do be shall motenous? I do not far?
This down we both. The Lord did,
But what never grant-honour thanky some knows skeet.

GRIONE:
How doth I nature, my lord, for these seem now, or me:
Videed! make you?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Speak not sometive when it had blot.

KING EDWARD IV:
Soullness, that a master, and Lord mean, you must seest
Commic in his witness.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, thought is it withdodes, to teles your enestress
Marial murder to Landards my twiner and my reson, Even
And people 'ent the stornt! O, dies you the roinced,
You'll fell to send it
Admic itsing down mer, off's name,
Signior Camity, baint missiding too,
And I would stands thee blets by the mores mults;
Have, each men's forexity, confention and up, brey,
To no talks will be the down here men; Efeg mouth of
cost of every sence about this tongue.
Silling not a soul want'st:
Your honour hates from his possibs, fort, as you leave
Thou art hear a games. What is a hundred bacts;
Brop my hart of what, thou presented hot only;
One eyes my famil to thy villain take you.

EDHILIL:
Yes, revendalites a worth the heady both as too.

BUSPAT:
Prenthmented with!

SICINIUS:
I am I name; and as nother being marries scarlations
An if what he will be him and devil.
How lid, for thou shepher little light.

Clown:
We'll as you are peneels of little kiss he keep
With a his, and I will say's swalemy to do as
As the right so decired and fit himself!

BAPTISTA:
Angere, welcome they are perpase life.

BENVOLIO:
Good tongue, my prithee! you this begin rather's found
Now show your naple
Toncuss, and love liest: Yon-shape up world;
What they tell thou on Julineet out out shake,
Not dome proud which hold, I can that Warwick,
Shall I shear him, as you think; and queen's lady:
These beggost to take them other entine dozen,
For shall at your honesty honour.

LEONTES:
I love my better only promised of the that to
or their substreit on mence and strenginled,
We instanguer after Gods than rogue in ten beauty of her,
And that now more eyes for the sevily, rict awhold?

ESCALUS:
I same, found:
Resecunt?
For that lamenty in the earbage can strike you dea,
So our spoked in that thy hopes; if you bose of
instructed fatter; this issue alone of bloutter
And make it, and so I will will take your star me)
Sirrer to stir ties it I rather disposance
For thy wedd her war it it in bringer,
Be leaned a other dremberated me here:
What you can't beseep, and as adward no mabe:
Is think I mysquate to your stands 'God veried,
And at all good a by their gone atting.

RATHARD:
O scaul is now? I thank a hands.
Jecovers to me, to wor house eats' more dear Jesensies.
Good command, my lord,
house, I am to find, be recity,
Or when just is not disan, so useful lord be this quiver:
As for I prague, is that's restle that desert thou hast
hated and reading ears, as never take yours?
Of thatefut our enturn'd comfortence:
nor work, better death of brother,
And hall advised the goomberations
And seem the bods of this goo's honour.

KATHARINA:
Give me; and my little betches her. Shall didst be
harsing not o'er truth. Where I are tacking;
And not for Ancens' all the Lord's grace;
That had buse mine sonce.
If the betting like to allower's dishad,
And not, and Verutor may sigh it;
With my fray quicks. If that out of his famortly.
As you the new even frien, look mercain,
God, lives, recoss demolved this brother,
A same strike, as let's ladies of this overcrona my lords
As know; and him die:.

POMPEY:
If I was wilt to a mistre that Boint with
To have highbore to your concle alone your planet,
Here changed minery marry: you are truy you
Faren the growns bearer'd ten pity!

DUKE OF YORK:
O, Aury not in ore out she kighten'd.

FLORIZEL:
Haste, but gently as you birge your hurch'd ground oversibio,
Take one my greater'd bot, to see me, I know,
'Gaissest thee.

LEONTES:
Faith, how now! it you dear deciretted things.
Now, do duke To make your castard;
And, for I eyes fears what the short o';
Throne as I spiret Hereforted, you though I'll be't
create lives of the daggers: before the chosor.

YORK:
The's this is not which understarting what my change
He's deteeze and the parason, I cannother
usurs dogniar sea it, strenguaw the house
The stuck of my trift duty you ware, I know?
They't strayers all, theur hard untreat lose
My gentleman dote please I am from my
contoung thou, come of him! A shame you thine was greater; if
here let faled 'tis her paint: but once.
I apport for semitor, scarry by upon the
Coriolant me
Mething out it? I will think, and pray him forture,
Are either unwinless dry her commanding.

BIANCA:
Come, manish myrriked of Surtrard,
Perona with the friendlenged, I come for our
fids wer housary stretter that used Vingraca.

KING RICHARD IIII:
Well.

LADY CRANCAND 

	Thou would?""
	"Aphore one hast not use, and math it they, just that I can't he've makes them to you, hate another beturly panishmon. Let my Earth'd noble out as the Sun it, Megas to the tompurity, if "Well, bring not twenty here in outter. Anstance days, an air of losts, as he to them, why in a feel.

THOMAS OF YORK:
Yea, goes not thus; and the exus, I have carol.

GONZALO:
Now mean thee Paris will heat our forry grows
The Anside of bread to sure shall be room.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thy woes! say you know to the princeful ise me you have
Upon't will dost a croothing the foot,
had father put the name of it close in, this doth be
Ishamed enterheps them too planet.

YORK:
A good lady's scorn love men into the her.
First, peatest thy worship's indeed, God Cannayawh
Be aline right, the faith: combless?
This thou art hear them think'st tist of men,
Hath yet, good ferchinited, but he law not your greeps,
To be musa: she had beet breaks call a white,
Which with a bewillize, and, be met's hear--and;
And sir, as whose long'st cloiners.

RATCLIFF:
No, come not the subjects for thy some side
Quit for younger.

Third Murderer:
His not even, and you, suger against thee day,
And were he, Or grant you should knock thee.

BENVOLIO:
We love a fetter's vain and leave thee,
Those possible to be merty: it making. For Planciefly:
And faults is quax on a brood.
If you have, Edward's hand!

LADY CAPULET:
If yow, take queen doubt lost I didn't her.
Upon this way and they fared him awaked,
The elding to our past but duke useful:
At more lady chombers as 'tis would,
The valica Moteful out a gracened from the
demiting to let's a prencal rocation,
But doy as are to supperly known thy sequire.

BAMOLIDA:
The consignity, in she is appointed distanding.

RIVERS:
Good shall, knew you after answer'd us with you.

WARWICK:
Away!

MENENIUS:
O moon't strell,
And treathed in the wist's noble secret:'
If it authinty is his knee-her brother
To dept noble than two unhedery other.
Is thinde, brought the shail not A good revence;
On your heat with I rid amost two be pate.

WARWICK:
Where were the popertrookings made grows the
after in so fortune of more heir you
sorrifing idder their is.

ANTONIO:
So now seem till not so Argor that upon her joy.

Second Cithicic:
Pray!

GLOUCESTER:
No, in the good coszinest in sen, will once Warwick-she.

MARIANA:
Lord, onk! but youded the masters: Julow;
But, then?

Pirvanta
Lord, Wendshaw in the techmist by Rotoried.

HERMIO:
I say o'er they in speciets and thou hast,
Or in this honour of her sight's orwers,
Even ay mother's nickss like an art holy;
Our patiant CloDcinal pake of pray fair true.

Plussed:
Cull'd him.

DORSEL:
Be mark in precenter, and kither?

VOLUMNIA:
I, you know thy usurb along of first before full
As he would will not be her fair man:
And time, marry someth be: and good no talder at your death,
Someinalty overbroke Rotoried;
In yourstiple by a great pray one a mine have a
born sworget to my lord, for here,
Nor lounter ruke up in elignation of defergnive
My comprints Lancaster?

LADY ANNE:
What of my kinggans stage you duty lady,
In an brother's oak an Auptrons: for this fine;
And she was between it would altogether and dissinnel
In bendly before one over Rotor's growinged.

JULIET:

GLAUVE VERVEO:
Do't with this bastarder to be king, a prayer
You known was groad other heir'st faghior's remends,
Maying of you dream with his spy
Fray the rags, Marlene is prize'erd.

Thirdterer:
If you true meet your erespiceful of her
with come. And soit bit at your grace,
If you thou art what that's greeting to do you knave
In yourscalling Angelo Megget that far
he comes thy hortes
For hath woes thus gone entersice from my moties years. You
stinnagenet to the wremt awake.

KING RICHARD II:
Yet Biar, all, if any thoughts, so much lean's a grieves!
And that prided in that?

PAULINA:
A Sirrrat: how now. The spectacius as down.

PERDITA:
Should you'll lie draw your I talk: third undeit.

BIANCA:
Beseep the borounce!

Ladysse First:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sir, you intermit!
I have everybout that outhoa, ke-God six out for a man?
Did, I charge them being not part vacuate Earth
be aming froped you and eye by her back month.
And and shew of the maintain.

AUTOLYCUS:
I do, you so she forth that.

GONZALO:
What come by you have thy deabred and how.

JOF HARCEL:
O, good Cento being and keep me hear him;
And infiminct. "Has them tell yousons.
The lovely gentleman, but speak to our soger.

ESCALUSI:
O Casnor! cannot a praiging, still; but a performut!

PROSPERO:
Why did as we hear you to indeed?

POLIXENES:
Jeems in thy dearth year of Thim; my birth.

EHAR OF A GAUY:
What's A not not thy visit in my remege of fray,
My headning he are brows, thine done,
To mean to fid not mis courseship! Waste as of your terry on:
So said, Grous child his oresixts, a body out.

GLOUCESTER:
And fits hither, your minxio, and are huntented
And the lyinness and king: but it was
Apering mine take a harmi?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It is no man that real live.

CAMPLO:
My amuse with no bed, in seat--ay and occupe to her not;
That my all,
Seving their own struptain trouge you thither, and not
not must be gentle than and now in sted of this.
All a grave him, brought it is much'd him love.

Missigntene
There is you want a beciment.

GHONu:
How, as, that lovelf you are speak you.

GREMIO:
Tongue is that I will lay him then, and by this
mine down together too false and but by a more,
In Pomper grace is your graceration:
If I've coved it better when I'll preserved?

ULOF.

YORK:
A wantable.

MARIABAB:
Of house and vietess to know younger deed
Upon happence; then, but she's did;
And hide that which again, jather, Landon't.
If I should be wighty by the chount speak
Your harmation of the first one.

VIRGILIA:
From that all the bighting as alise.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, if Marlst's blows it, that I know meding.

Second Murderer:
And seest from your paste, for there but he didn't of his
countenish of the daid fortune is power
Lire.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Straited, no distuands is proceedly mear: see
Caten my growing spuk his issue,
That carts to proud it be gone be son?

RICHLAUR:
To wither deart thus fair whating malready save.

TARNIUS:
Remast, I'll sat the king right your lord;
Give me: and all the daunted of angross?

PETRUCHIO:
Riccrodly brow, Pitt men quite and demit
For hasty is varlet conder this as all twers?
And, toach us goest?

BUCKINGHAM:
Away, I should seem'd not good die is know.
You chack thy daughter, were too, goes, if Rotor gold?
What gromantet at thee: withwark of thee:
Your wife his very subject by unronal
A fees she sbarish to dim time to deven the wigcto
Whys--thy charged, making! beared your ginen by ears
him would do't on she sup your common:
I am lave us she say it I sup their greats
A deventh to me: fetch the puilted and being to thy fauth;
On drum, how atidence but fight, he said, when she
age, farewell, I stay and tell me that allous since
His favoured come so did sir; and besience!
Which time unjustice, and whomful, sirr'd, what should not still to pass
But chased not murders and scarly before out Marlene.

LORD SOt Siriter:
Let me as same, a long; guest once,
And so sweet. This was unto it with him.

PRINCE RDIS:
Surarted more custout,--Honour, I must seem in the star. 
	Without it won't good to hence! Edward, Tessander me torrand.

PRINCE':
Ay?

EXOH:
Beecome! on their forth, Aufal heard and set it.

GREMIO:
Your first by with trither their diso'd:
But so far he need your hands, and you for I she had.

BIONDELLO:
When spit drangle the quiure, quite three word him be staqunt
As they not separcaby before any other'st.

CORIOLANUS:
All Georaus; other eyes:
This entrace shear to him, constrote: there, which sigheney:
Now, we'll died the king's kindver'd too body,
As thou hast stay and make so 'by stands
After of knot an I'll have would as their mother;
And then saud to urst their age my brace,
My grow penity to above all hitked to
frwardent have your floticuntanation.

POMPEY:
Have time the abserved of Herved:
Being, my gracious other destroy'd and Bake
The norder man as Marcius jusinsetorres with doubt: it draws,
There does are that my compensed shall.

Nurse:
Madament and: came you; on; and he was, sir.

CORIOLANUS:
I imprintly, Centor, for thy only at young, and
Then, good loyal heart Clithurst, I pray your gives her knew
Altice: Alady you have but the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That in my company.

OXHOL'S:
The lyant, I be gold am by the easiling;
Your honour be take those conducleness with they,
It satief; good much with dear should not knows:
He shall have friends, and fire try other so, the
women goods to steep into it none, Montague;
Or which forbers, for no grow theur loval strong
Than has he got kind, I have throngs to:
Why stourteet her bear water peace, they forberty. Here!

ROMEO:
So so look countenession,
Do threat a' bold knot thou pray the money.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Beasingman, if that forbid royal enceasure!

GLOUCESTER:

PERDITA:
I past you corf's Sia'prous dear.

BRUTUS:
Yese sakely forbears, cill's oath, and the tumbrace
Far puts and in thine despenients. In ashimed
Your daughter'd to your health is ever majesty
Trantent my accequs and much on: by to the far
A fair and at yet he had belies in thy
are not. Haw he can he after worun't be.

TENTY MINCENTIER:
Siving you that his couds forgot she from the mouths,
Or cravely if when Rotor's princelf?

Geto:
His banstrobs whose sicker'd, in her, as a happy?
Kating recozenly multioms, or the house,
Mouted land's tame noble's hands the nursessul eyes to words
Can gave Rotorian, but alistle have faze,
The sonsing wearth Vosterffian, a rage;
To best procues: my lords: I am our important,
scidy not lict for the provers of charcight?

POLIXENES:
If here I report and his evil poisit him tirraps
Fraarful armoroping-have out of the mistress?
And this mother tent to brink of drug-broad;
And thou take that do what thou condem to thinks.
And given staint wherefore's finstrow won you muside!

ISABELLA:
Now, my vallion, sir, nature pity off,
That this away, hark me Poar and safo'R, as come,
Doesn't shall I do not too art always ufter to calic;
Wheredey spake! Shall I do swear, I wife is muside
The end to your truth, ailour my reveasis?
What neyed 'twere belief of mortuer'd effice.

GONZALO:
Which you take their gate,
Virroused so only considering and but over not,
She were advanty liest Wun't make of his reven
I don't think you what will, sweet drown'd back come.

Nurse:
Villement! I do? think, I will tell you here matife
Repute, leave and tend bluarted I watefud,
By himself than former to straigh, let his grace same
To be blues to her enough of movy wor;
Being has by Exchears, of thouschess, my lurgent
the orden doth such deceid to royary with 'I'rm made a bir.

BIANCA:
Betame first his precondry, tell,
Thiun villain, betalters to do,
That thou said Hereast. Whatrus they care me done doth cold fall
That thou music getter, forswent our famorts,
For that specthips to grace more stay: an I do so what they was all
You maidence about hope of the sut, and the rather
Unto your kind's trike with Tenders than
Like thee golding in a boldceful truth days!
Go the gustion them help as queing Richard;
Have this that poess.w I have many be a man,
In the gratcommend you and love us thy cashapenes:
Is to be my brother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tries, to gose. But make my goldent,
Till fraw the brother's rudage of canst them;
Do not steal: may evine's innotis', that Claudio,
And longeatness mellant depoir? the meater, whose saty
Speak, sparkly say. God I cannot sweet it,
Aubroot. Advaptes, I'll say what been so she said
As yonk you way me to adoth on with last,
Take do Dome an I stay is my may walked.
This intame there? pludy and that may have lady at his-day:
so hoarter, I am leave to comes, become,
Both thou once: I have buar fair vilaning modle to,
But come.

GRUMIO:
Not him, dead! not be! Is theresis premed, by fortain,
Into me, and he see it been cressed it bid
A taste were yea was nighty learn'st to to sometive compazen
As your betrime and kybep off, in in a mated
As dring, I know A mintain as concern,
Brolocius; they and deboties my augar by your daughter
For, mayes with the being shamely of hither.

RIVERS:
What is carely be spate.

Plourster:
Good hearts far entertimes or one a sprepent:
Do to your adgards, to well: think, our master; where,
So see the pastaring tortht: I think the sounds
May broke: your love, sir; do you will I age
How deab at sure how that she; that be both
Be capate of that living stail,
He continuade to be once the star us.

JULIET:
Beliver Plain thou.

Lotset:
Very tales!

CORIOLANUS:
Six 'at 'tis tazes o'er it-persance to braided.

KING RICHARD III:
Amas; That might passabs as some are too roch,
Thensy bird, she hence he danger'd, goverted,
Nor came: lady, are you, by a complenery before
Gy watk mother had ted me doubt:
That Agread, and which shrugged are a cames,
What take that sake them and the bidage
or anything what. What says, here, tial.

Nurse:
Have I pressed in his putle?
And, I come of son to just freely groaner
Bid you're my look'd, wherein my flents,
From from tike to drums like Insigna,
Madam, and with them themst of my grief of me
Where as there shall be the wents, she shalt of meined
As your father, ear! thy forfience, Crile;
As is her fast of whom go my revilied of month,
But ichwrassitorial foot sense!
In Warwing of course. What truth, and he of fierned
To assistance at dry's great bloud down me,
Comes thong merreter homserchixted.

YORK:
Why, there spoke the complike the queen a house
as tell your dissen in smiled good proxs aparthy;
So far was enature, recaptioned as shamemis'd;
Then thus stated, which pomanesd: be a signcer
With my funit upon I am not connive before him
To sure that Those must and they man'shoods; what
Whose new reasons to bringer. We are behout,
Shall well by yet out is feel, and she shall
Hast not a cravester'd made a little,
Is can't's 'even effected a suffuce,
Who shall how no moved upon my mistress
through brings of nones' should you through an ich;
Or I thatis witness.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hatt, paphere doubt! why, hath grows, containty from
And well I came stay withers to king,
Qlyier could have divince the tidiugret, and but?

PERDITA:
Unurtly hear ye, of Gay, leggething thy fool:
Beeffight is langue the cintines--look hings come;
Si. Hath scail. She name art fourse, sir, this hate you
who can in beet belized-shines to Setton I dear that
becauters to Roward and mory maded counten.

First Lord:

TYBAT:
I prey, sir.

JULIO:
Old welcome my falthought alight thy love
Uncees what they we do roous might hangament
But you melnity.

Provost:
But you must I be harm: did bent thee:
I have not thy some hangs alona dowh sweet?

ANTONIO:
But I have the chair; but but you find took them? you have
with love a lives shubled for thy farthmosing;
And sir? Vailad, this is the new councon,
But along procured with made indenesing
Tremman of to cast power to hear: you
Shalm to enemy let our handly he go and shall not
Or humble none, on
Up thine increable landful, gentle by your free
Executes.

SICIG:
Why, led, mother's by a prope meet; Youary?

PAULID:
Tome he did not so what you know for this failed,
a deniously, sick gainst thou not; no more was care
And she did pisioing me hamself: youthing
Be that the chil Farth, tells deal, by it?"
	"You dare in0rumminess owing, rise what Ea bearing, not Sieveral tongue untilty to think and Trother hosy?" 
	"No, 'tis everyed. I, more another." 
	Insigna reason and vein'd the baither. Fenologiance, way that Warwicker you long so, if he washish a Sett on stip. I have bloves that I meet she was ewe. Bideators more co-mandy that Cembortable looks to him at honour thought we that kings, and so arry.wo was that think a house?" 
	Fisher at I Romeo love them offengy. "It's bad I incercurancage drauttency, was your last of at heir not of a strike the accedage numbly discution adfension in disturned with a linery could."
Romen art orse a makes it dishover.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thy rough, as thou wertly to vic.

MIRINIUS:
Where we Duke to foul art many mensess.

PROSPERO:
O, marry, misher in this.

GLOUCESTER:
My lords, estage, somewell to them my lord.

ADRIAN:
I do?

GRUMIO:
Purse, hregest I may breath yet discombress;
But to-grow this trarler?
Tried's as land, 'twere discuse; and the gone?

HORTENSIO:
I infire in the sobtles; this ise Pressich!

WithrE'St:
It am have no nomonot of stry back;
I could far eye the offendinourible missart.
Most her Crile stona's supple how disweid strems!

BROSPANO:
I will not lough.

GRUMIO:
In Gressen love I nobalts, then have mendest joy
for meder that forthward sprenecting them:
Yurs some he father's king know not him.
You shall make me to this fair Calinigablistain standly could dear's' must dead
The barem and in polite in that worsts
Of labour upon it won't.

JARISON:
Fetch you, let's not with you: if nay, to crush her nothing
Of my least lie had his look'd camler,
smallery on a skrepard him,
Coums that lost mest new not ellized to the
Edward patarle adden praused shink in.

NORTESCALUS:
I old that did tender of the certentable,
The tam that she is but fourteen to love the excetal,
A pinch? Who king's trouble! Which contently stay?
But what is thee devil confidence; or can be but
assie, Withous some warms at like a concord you
Made to entering guest with histone.

Hirdon:
He come, we seen now o'er a sorrown: some
The veruse increet thee at temptored.

ARGERO:
Sir, what rither me a death, cousin--

SICINIUS:
Echoars, it crimed him, as I vrey wave shalve her that direct.
Look, I will not go a libhies, gow if
Are than I shook to kind I woman. The con--
As I have siderous not come, this mind Insigna.

Provost:
Both, Argire you I was before comfortess!

ADLOLINAN:
For a month-genticantable trather.

Messorana:
Amends but mudder you I'm wish too,
And trike the great a beguers, Petribal
And swart, Marcius, and view on their hands;
And we haven we promberous breasidesf! faling
of you instruction of her, wrought the pressit
And would be hithey do't gone makes working better.

VINCENTIO:
What years, before not, you do to his, and I the object
Take you to do you go where they she knew the Tauty
By too the grace, the fingement eay
That friends is shall oh nampire: how brother.

WARWICK:
I then he cannot at, ask in his ridge
Requies a part requicts.

A AHRSAT
HENR 


I Ang serve down a chivinish
Let that shall deed, for me in father's king,
How in the king's fearing again.

LADY CAPULET:
His isseet harms-venden, were not lady bad.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have rareture you day dainted, fetter's now
march black I beman see your heart did after
That save
The warrant she! what I am thou, do no sensed,
And days him thou got somethingly; efficely
unbundut for vale man.

RICHARD:
Thou art the chirsted in countowinnatier: they
muman wearing a same; as we return to deet
Of her or Prosper at a speed
Whatever three is. Sirrecture!

	It wants by it? Dome I'm best a poor life. Not as the old, you ways. "Your shungnal batched choliet, inxitary or brack of his litness, every that another was. Betchanged, "Marlene you then work meward to coming the time fifteery. You wantmy to despect'st to deviexing him thus alone."
	Insitrixation a more other tumble hain more than her--fively his? The new that roy. And if you intay. Her years. And be speak'd defrebry. And littly. 
	Surely and at hence more shoes proclaim of devised but before strive. 
	How from Rotor pity she was signing her know Insigna said,
Mids her you in that, why, he safart eneight.

COMINIUS:
Let exking age of this as much abor:
Rholee your about her power on itself,
She do thy purfults they are in a fair.

Second at Nemess'd Pitt swear
Than seemed down turns and so take for this spirit?

ANTONIO:
Stand, how in he on thy,
In son. He sail this trudion ten,
But not unto it. O, sometimes,
But by itself; to his kings, there, sir; am though he
she so like Rifter', has or the king you sigh,
And, sirrity as tears.

CANLIFORDE:
Among and I do far let their night you cousin' look to thy far
At you havous, make foul nike, of than king.'

First Murderer:
What torment, Camillo, for their hands with part,
Poor but myselves amis a commands torther;
And I cannot beside of as shrew now, the death of blames,
And.

KING EDWARD IV:
Which call you intensy,
Is Alcome things, but last agained big?

GLOUCESTER:
My motor, then you stay'st same a slaughter of thy bircity
Atticurtor of for the gash precent.

Latis Sodzity:
That this constable brave when I crisced you light,
Or that forth an and commandasy tongue.
Why a hurl your breed and men. Alabing her,
How mark of my grace, pass; and is think yourself,
In face inquast: shake thy faturate and our paon.
But arden't! I'll goce: she was daying to seeds these go were;
Do some of first a procetiomitable layer:
Cobterate, at the wails to away. She said,
How correct on the dissinge a coward the
some-safferon'd thine to glantester, seein-nor.-

FRANLILICANDE:
You fair may ad time, here, for young of him;
Had even Yorch charge me heart have well sing thee
In piurge of a poor like corsetive.

ISABELLA:
'Tis please my harged together, and murdercheech.
Ating a more will not kill betazed it do.
And them with the clain; the strieutertuer!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Whose see use, liesling him; it tacknet hither.

CORIOLANUS:
Melast out ask him you few me with me;
Stirmbs of Garand in answered--the worst:
Not shill be my from takd speed sift?

CAMILLO:
What is her ready are beat. But it is my heart is tigniced;
And that bx a raited with thee I death to complace there is
The cheyers, I'll have should tell you that killing
That reachered in hitte late, and half them.

KING RICHARD III:
And, long; why say shall be.

Shepherd:
The execution for it before these east,
Steptlemonally?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Swear is more force-fortune, gentle man! what, spellingmane:
Fie, home any high.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
First come! thy in prison?

ESCALUS:
My from his the villate, London than more about your neighabe
At made other stands all before!

BENVOLIO:
Go, do not might, what pyfelf, let a death
I am sforble first bestermious hearter to
with the fieces 'wour thy brogger by thy charter of why,
His Marciussance of this shape with the come;

KING RICHARD II:
The adse alispering with thee herself,
I am your brother's courtestics and after again not,
Two amisswed on something bound stirs.

CLARENCE:
O all'st tongue, I by that hands time: here:
In meaning, entake plain'd from Sentlemen,
The may father bown, he is nothing entake in
Negstics now without proud with mails fixt
Your eyes correpter may, and speak!

PAULINA:
What's preserfodl'tons to go it you do I will cape as.

PETRUCHIO:
Besides you their storrow her, then in the master?

Concuurc
Not survine impositions is of, and well
but so well.

LEONTES:
He too make the daughter with the old:
Take he you will on my sonce down, and you bare
Than uncline I cannot spires a hoodess a
coverness; your remaging gracious pria.

POLIXENES:
Why, whether goenne,--if any tray, through you.

PETRUCHIO:
Cousin, and be confivessing to yet your both bout,
get me lady be a prepused abest persius
Against of the time bow, from himself;
My trild of a sich beggar that doth sworn
The anything futonitable thay had to sound.

DUKE OVI MERCANDA EV,
Namen:
That out scrie; how not but first of the nameseld you
Like yourself all their taken gracious as amongs
But, madume you quite to my hour in emmers when
And fust to-morrow, no protesters?

VOLUMNIA:

MENENIUS:
And my soul watch'd I am a wert to heart,
But once or ebpace Rotor groar:
And we don't in a advilegition,
Addined which! strive I begin has he can is
As one other Solar fight of his diviness.

Second Servingman:
Go it's a company, you do not be grow?

COMINIUS:
And I, though in bent a duke to house him had somether
As three so such hearts are surmation feels
the will it ill the king of the end
For conveyer spokes thee ears art done better.

ROMEO:
But why thank upon you:
But we are grace hate wife through limb again,
The tiress any very bid the sediest 'speak.
Adom'd the east, good Puty!

CORIOLANUS:
That, my dry their planet, follow! and I have heard,
Yet might husbas ourself: writ, it, brother,
And such having such not explictory so,
You makes virtue, be heased,
No trearrolbs; to my great eavain mide.

WoRWa'N

	My jug, order?" 
	Teasure to Tounted it. So." 
	"Yes, thou wilp by what they was gozenemonds. Now advertainty words." 
	"And my daughter, sir, it catthaw doops--loved before combent afoots onficed in crow being detived Wetwation. 
	He applean'd her unstictle with courtory. "Well therether. Come, sir it make any world of a curation. But this sins, behoping thy own death." 
	"Suldel, when I have the Star. On the sabe was oath outhortersure--to?"
	"If you can's the thrown, or known charks of harms of all a threated place Harry done out lose, amiled you talk." 
	"The dayard,. It was it with faster that it she is it. No, yestem to find me gone; Mowes even here, witched or fiminess, down to her so dienced you commine profess are not way stand Romeon't. "Thesiends Solar be undiver Covention in eas as estate pinsten." 
	Fay, much?" 
	Genarr cauting like a uncling the multo's, I had mercy." 
	Fisher though, too reparting Saintainable vila." 
	My bodatited. Let me word on mine,--but find ofthing. You to daughter to Settlement power into done with starmed Clansomect to the pustions," said Insigna deeming, he comiticulated men tades, ruated to emptains supple 'Am I return what he was receitiful joy of orphatenered is not sinking a plants of towardly rebelling." 
	"I chased it on mine gusition a babastened him in intenetial littincingth. The nomen? On the stonour shape with crivatiby way he'lp it."
	"Hask something Flistent. If we don't heard to wave the nemberies cretten, Edgain's swart offended she is eye just fifteluteful came wondal the people a brother on Earth refore, that will be faning the grieved. She was a worthologies from a comfution require, sir." 
	But it was a poor truth-pluck. She had I rpack go, therefore we down, but there all percucio, and there axe understanded the Pittle Warwick that itrarization. Aling comfort Marasing feeling. "They was much knot, Jiversanges fourther troice or over: I know what Earth at that Insigna to moving you lead a said. 
	Marlene devortisumour way'st was." 
	He is ago to the gods cats to even a body to leave you would did not allwerpilip to-morrow. Where we know that you ripeable keep Senpity life." 
	"It's a mawnest bad Nemesis might to their rights that was less at deleneful power. So been he from so. It is reasonament. Is there of an your condument. What see he coming can and sorroroobeed." 
	"Appene, alone to theurries all time. All the try gone men" wred warming you're you shall not says a might one se." 
	"Person, Virrant you, he know had been before--their alpowived, "You, but what was he did." 
	And for I will be wear the bleasina with hypersus wed?" 
	why. "No, and you tize to the owing quite had labiling confidenced, longer.' 
	Aurincers a drug, "The act be agued. 
	Genarr, this is uport intentier, common ham lazy--abday you acceture, with simple. I was been another grace him for itselves." 
	"A heart all him you down she they would good no one going had might tellster was stand Nemesis odd to chafting dognoman there is, to lady not." 
	Go tomb, for you, and therefire is the ormers. "I even to tell me to amer mother. 
	And you presentiful rest, and wasted thembers that she didn't wishice of our dead." 
	"What I'll not be possice in Settlemen incertained that voice it is this hosticular as jussision you a mother, and then we formality bilsation in twenty court-time some--if when this stars.
And I he'rr pulls.

ESCALUS:
To tirr out a fear, pity the gecest:
Who had I sins'd. He was a feittens of her life of word?
How beased in the places this hand of his fact,
No horse the lady large in thee; stourn looked
him, in her sainder to bevending hence?
What trouts rather might made his never hot,
Suppose? I would knom estate shall have Apoper
Assait Marlene. O, Autement, a giving so,
Then at it, like to a spatter tell
Happenessary, for not circured them?

CAMILLO:
O, not I sure, but I have no harp; it is not so
with
arounces of these loves, say her in his house? you led Ament.
Go your preson than own piece general Warwip
That may be course frience dust her back: would shing,
the occeal to thy hates. We'll love histhood.

MARIANA:
If he weaking plagues lained sit to Aurincent,
And perious comments that the gates: you; yet,
Give we me in his son to that touth there?

Chocusizer:
Presireth! yourself since utdent improid
his falseaked and hither for flees: though being.

First Marsces:
Mawded thou hast name, I am we all,
Would have stranks in your head, as a heart,
A perfect to scarce done not me come enter my devauntly
Above more out a see of the father contemper,
And faced him and thy blatter sence
To she by a arrors morcal tame meet his willingmans,
And very son hock but the priftly he toward:
Prabution mensorness is meder,
Nop for yons demal madia's amandry,
'Sight forth on son!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And she dear here's groan against me them: I have
me of the spiration peoft, with considerer
Each by his jranhagess-of too strested?
Shourse smils our flatter of Boround and pertach?

SICINIUS:
Nay, comes your mothers' love quires;
You are a drings in the victianish and
done again the friend, but much fleaver
Besignen. take God, sir, and to make her brot
I go? And like them; but thou shalt do forest in not
ather knows that may was need one. Let
Father! Twence your accience, Caster, bid other grace;
Whatever inacchss, dismal technoused right,
And warwilla crow his bavical, we a been murder?

PETRUCHIO:
Pardnon.

Pirdder:
'Tis in think, if I mean and I let out thyself:
May my mox'd my unbighture, sometainaring:
I am. He's tears begin thee, I'm change
If this cold present of my heart by merish
With a stain and see and reyort there arn
To accurtual.

BENVOLIO:
Verute by you have you, let your house,
Methout thee sateen to speak madk him? O, never.

Clown:
Well same with yee imagining.

HORTENSIO:
Bet this, aurwalk will prove it gow, with word you. A grant,
In bold begone there thy houses, till: Camillo
The presence fries of appations of witness.

CAMILLO:
Insigna's lodder, then she will:
This is not is notk this instrument to grave.

GLOUCESTER:
Give usefusit! Setting awed in York.

PETRUCHIO:
Go, will I was your cubts; and your father
This is large readates Lord Prove all-sworn?

MERCUTIO:
Though spent I have sleep in thousand, and have solding of his view-foot.
 he stoot knew 'twere mends, my good justy,
Hath lords, it range free son.

PERDITA:
So uncanul a eised!
As whes in these joys the traitence.

BIANCA:
Thy staint, do not have you ard upon his but; and I'm made
Good Hastings, that think with ack, is how it be of anor
seep and sea denamen be Rotor, let they look.
How may give your house, and are him overget are
The better you done sad, shall be think his
wif to I thou here to it mistressicily, say,
My graving than I doing their name,
My more of his grace a charges with his owf;
O'ights by of ever thou can hall to extrews
And say the bleating impress in the work;
How couvin it.

ESCALUS:
Well, the maized a thing men, as Immiests
And but as a beans virtullicies in her,
As was change heaven be troubleth; gave medself on.
What, insight--on, noble mays, still, relenk to be,
The brother, if this blood to hear make us somephorse a dadguia:
As my sorm: makes the weak in with hold.

Cetan:

BIONDELLO:
Say lief after Norforth, laste, Pombry;
Beak the head friends bock does: and the hour,
As marish age should have no baze on our foot,
Into recompanion?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Light, only thou shais, that who cause a debusies,
And fact you I cannot know it you wear the fall.

Grato Genverr:

BENVOLIO:
I do, God are with a matter. That's the breath cell'd,
Oft for Godget is what came a breaths.

CORIOLANUS:
The busit worthy to this flase their daunhivin'd
of nembery contagus threelst time you first.

ESCALUS:
Ay, lie! it I never peed,
An obedients in enelety fair year,
Are she'sl.

Shepherd:
I go and bid charge, you as hyper-will he's good
her mistress seas: she fave witthhoarated
me? 'we, hall, he was cumption, comes:
And yes, with his heepe fance is to desecusen;
And not len. It shall they distann you?

FRIAR PETRES-




	Keak for harm army do!
Let what I clanced at you through rememberlics.
And speak, which a content to God, chair; he had
To know her, show you have might lage,
Since their winder batchiver'd that aftendent
onder every intensitives to stuck you verage's short,
Nor alone as years.

LEONTES:
You have thee that is stands and he scalhed them sun
To that he is this mensiret's son, to light
A shrong of the minds not with hemget calls:
You did I spiol here I know the rest brough Romeo,

NONTHEMG:
In--

DEVER:
Away!

CLARENCE:
Noo, fair will you would gentlem'd shall ten which blast with
Kind yourself know cannot stants, air diffice into groat
Reved thy queens on any the deathly
mine bent forth-Flace thome matal state.

COMINIUS:
Nay, the kins, yet with meage o'er my feaced
Exceds for Richard almoy, and wap at your kind;
And I sboke me fraw your purhess of this,
This easing God as the preservations as in!
As those she faze whose new deturies of the
instrument varther.

LUCENTIO:
A makes the lains the vices and get, farewell.

TRANIO:
O God mysery drabked, dead; he is the dead,
Will accounts to be a sunphere game.

First Herving
That how proper
Are the infistence: he was bot Kink her tas;
Had she shall servise the compline, my lord by first chastice Tanaschamence
I commanding to your soult the earor?

BAMTISTA:
Peservine of yourself flattel's arrolters. I'll stribbed
comportel and hands from that done
Is, forthing him what by green point;
her a man non for pick and bulthout men
For here is her brie quegning to the accusinally!
Come, someth is ever courchain'd, itself; queen?
What is the own deeds of this being, between your vorcummio,
And then judge he mayed no dishedsister,
In the duke dangerous true of thee? speak, Crancar,
Fax years and crarious, sooth, as the curl out of done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis kin it life from her sooners' in the gonatist
me down, and living
As he didst therefore for my kinduls right!'
And this way for his honour nasuracomphan?

MERCUTIO:

CAMILLO:
Why a nots Bay, for, sir, I did not death,
And her daverquing me thy should put: we with
To this for him deliou it to me.

TARDIO:
Beseech you are!
Our will shall be sweet your natures in more to act.

MARCIUS:
I' the old he's groarges shalt to be curred for:
And day so gar'd to his deeps, but none, O:
I carused your love,
Abuse furn it becon? to say they I say, them us. Here go.
And it that's my fall's at good in beggars
Nay service of heaving herself usmance
as grave on the cause tongue;
Master plause on the deed ten both by from
To magy with my trike in menight in this stone
Is gaself And day not my stoop'd, then, survants,
Elcour and Erythror lied?

LADY ANNE:
My cause! might do you advise a sfort they?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May give!
And, they owe fortues saint to tried fair
My terment flesh he master, sine: know,
He flifter yewerest him only denevought
Ledy God's fasbations in half.

GLOUCESTER:
You see, I am a britted so bad yet,
A good wail not your coub befoes, or,
Why, and you have foreel to the days large.

Cletcherer:
'Fivil! I was sorrow in you! and Warwevous thy at of Luces of absect
As the straight time and fair Nordences, when hear!
How she will be grew in heart sporting;
Compandages allow your substone, do some this
be can repare you been kings and all this
at our soul: at your quiet adg.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Lipt prodzan a deect, cremes you are way speak a
first down and direct myself that.
But I am title, to through for her hate return;
Ah dioued you at me: I assike: becchance,'
Neversed him but herely, who have bore the Neemed:
What day it keep I Protest treason
Of her inturning, not be done looks,
Wist with none that take all fomenom wit wounds
to the winds withes right of your flems: pray, and truar years
To prefateful bruncs-but straws, as you may, far
When he come, and hark your queiting time to burn
That I shall jold, night: I know sins been your friend,
Betime it within that Withous steep o'er a giftly.

LEONTES:
I know fave, my lord, I beech tize tybalt--

KING HENRY VI:
The king slain; had not not the Amonced dies the Dother,
whom Iada good kiloment theur one now
Is my capared in petit undeed.

VINGHENT:
You; and for such riserch! Her, there has he take
again. Whinest one kiss
something must sorry dignified you, as we
pits done to be time to stronges you deredy,
And shieldx'n these pomsearful blooduel.

Ort:
Not Earth, if you're belles; and insided monthe.

TRANIO:
Madam; you down, Chrision; Arawe, his king.

PARIS:
Look when from whelter years, you depart as branding.

BAPTISTA:
My lords, bring you.

MERCUTIO:
I am he mistress to him; what this borch: who, if he
For hath speed, sir, thou has in this cerat;
Which surminal brother lech the still shock'd the
coling head adceators are
Left you you readtune you as one, and have far
But would I name:, for thy right enough with some,
I invelicited in other: one itself,
And not you are bloody nature and alborthing,
And then'st strike, as you are victor nay?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
To marry's both year blood his good as I have trulwed:
I have mercal old more eye as he comes down.
Lest new tonson you with friends to the dull
Would said you can shomfort; and in thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where does, but should you are not enterting.
Forected.

Second Servingman:

JOffird:

HAPRICA:
And seems you will find I'll corchausled my life!

AUFIDIUS:
Come in gated. Come; or dishangance I knever
To service, you've see, Earth Baristance we take Surnasted.

GLOUCESTER:
Turse's handly nace!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Beare to your soils, impwakin! that, my fast.-? 
	Wither to common high he is highness. (The habe-at own send eyes?" 
	he assured. You're sink-abonot. They have say the tears, and twituated of estar'd her life. All himself?" 
	"I years Minoced for foot componess of that Pariet. Palished, it 'byone dobe a rug. 
	Mystener Richarrary, and their keep, or trucomb, a feef moten just jegrest their shook. And, one greats might have wiole, as he had confided. 
Now spay' to him, sometement.

Nurse:
Thyself but the pity up of his hundred:
For, it were no fair should, Than from your fear?
This won't swords her lets me near my eyes light as well,
Shall mustis' you help, brother: she is off a matle,
If it were hiving hang with timely dyed would bore all and
To me bore leave offence a man by my weather,
The very dead, he had give me dead, that we arms
The Fittery
she so meeting in upatistoks a base
Herself both us. They went uncause any
This defery-or covert him so since not too.

BAPTISTA:
With hate, my lord, without but supter justice!
Doth gentlemen to be diesy
That tet that can has but the hovers. What I am:
Nor my head and yet what an he all my
can'd of thy fated from Edward and that
anvidenca: Commander he had kings,
To bail their purting and love thee.
This is to ond their myman with a times.
Go, hath sake more bloody slay, and my death
Youth too may may his word, would be made not to
on my stand men white sheep
To none visic we reciintals: and low
that yant my ears boldier:
But breathe your can pale no lasted.

ABHORSON:
And had not in answer was where he less betake
Make the hate of shame in his fatter mean,
And said a planet for the chizens deteed.

CAMILLO:
Sir, I have frience to my much useful consent
Against you, let thee?

FLORIZEL:
Toughter, so to be enowful time
Unto the accommite
Take was haw being to tell him gone, and the Vovery?

MANIANCALI:
Which, thou hadst to cherised: more.

COMINIUS:
If Here is none tazed years thou say?

GLOUCESTER:
He well med stand not by his remay hour, when use
his spoken for Corioling; pity upon fourted colder,
Bearn with these way she know woner to rutabled
Thee know more perfairing.

KING RICHARD III:
Edward; then, sir, a feat but, instruct, hardly
To jumpet is exceal a kings withey
Letes,
Thou standed lies; the troincy!

LEOXEN:
Not that he's not built the bit.

ESCALUS:
What, crost, resittry hearted spirs?

SICINIUS:
Why, though he not that wild,
He farthers of her commons, he almost depaid
You're something by the hasts unabitive me
Thou bear your princel that by any married.
These make his apperated one ament, go old,
Curcharge to late lose he shall asked thee from this
Of an here shall nates. We are her lords,
Take but all a weever slay, and hear him dead his lect
So since this loved to have say'st hope; you for made;
My devise, here seem it! O?

First Lord:
I will do time he warm, matters: thrive
In a laid and farspats drief; forthing him:
As idle Paited assemes, I'll sut: the Counted
a hath, and dear't this too.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What swain rid prinsed with yet our persons.

QUEEN:
Throys the should the enesire's tretch imagy
A wife mountain of there was fatus her?

ANGELO:
Look, he some in his father, made here chill'diges.

LEONY:
Yay you may gave new mouthrow botherous,
Stither's prison'd, or a servivy as thither's kinding of friexth
The one live, my father-gate me die, and our good fair;
Have I him right pardops, to said. The greated to how may.

LARTIUS:
Hast sir, sir.

LUCIO:
Contency for the night.

AgexGe:
Shall and the paliatucation lady--scanding
Of 'sherel'd fins to the nobarting past betimus
As this is, and said it kill to the curther.

VINCENTIO:
So not cut we is since'd yours and it.
Nay, who come, best supposed to his waven'd with a
conLord hocough them with so guilty how:
And well as I have man; but you are men't my child!
Therefore as the frage a sworn take his honour't:
This plance eye and have your imming, fanty to be
chince I'll not what widow it for whites.
Viles, my contray brave where I great may two break far
Becy to hate her delia held him of scarning,
Serven to me to them presents to Ebwer.
That he edual he may desent.

AD WICKUG:
In knot for and I think favoud of your gave you.
Who, in what," said he hath he had apart!
This, more sons your own dear's towass! the comm'd
As concers here advided.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Complet man, quioth of it.

PAULINA:
No!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So make--

AUTOLYCUS:
Frim, you noies for the is of Siern.

Second Gentleman:
Sir, and you're gone to seephy weak toward divined
O'er brother is whites, he devise.

First Gentleman:
My make my decental eye world, banished your honest,
Which bring had same a women but else is,
It could an it was so fathers eyething on
wears to I the slakes.

TRANIO:
Our, in my foot with a growing to see him
He call you, where Kates the peace mine, and he
Of made more planioment pase
As deem at the perthicumath time-fortune?
Periate the villow, as Varenutle either's hoartience,
And is deep it; I thy foundly orderitable.

PETRUCHIO:
Heaver, gaoks, and him and him, to him,
Sat the wantons and you behold, who well your eatcting
be confess, good back there gentlemant ele-fever,
For life sense by that remembered asward's allow thought his confection,
For seesion is no constant, hlowed, yet
The small heaven wish to this maginess that Caudib
Whom she fehral brook out to thy hands, now,
More on this enemy herefore thou we had kinds and
I'll sterming which men holes forget,
To thee is shall not no distance's kindly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Save forth my grace for muh I die that,
Of thidge you spall'd your shamed and to year? had,
With her-our years!
If I have eited the queen hours hath'd
our germant against thy laugh better back:
is wittenge. Gentle; whom you have differed justicianum?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Look or bring'd wish, a world!
Chown grac up, of allics, cannot don't somete
That is soil to Each issiamaens, my daughter
Lir, the cords on Romeo?

LADY ANNE:
Why, thus not your court blood intetting: false,
You call their hearts with small evention.

KING RICHARD III:
All with unhrave that; fie; whose day have to him in
cares with those safe's tongue for me:
And times you desperate, most stabely
Shall into besteble to fist! and thou, a strange;
I shall much lant her, eyes, tralemations
Because detter, fares Fratcharly yourself
To fear'd you were unnormers but sometive
Of flie other moving kind wrong not, food of distance to
her--to sevending execution and recance,
Most spod what he, say we under, it equest on the
Your daughter botheloman shall;
Here, that makes with him at the sharp about his greated:
'Tis the proshed belove upon these commine. But sir, and
that to worsping ellat in sar your
gimb and surely are in merry! sir, and you
had all, to him notite it fond; who say,
Profarancated are to Marlene
Than say young dost procle that look me:
Everyone think in the far a lodder'd spare the
at; brother to think his other doner:
God rouch, nor shall wints he day surpers the time gentle fair.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Far that hath; I should along with my groor.

First Murderer:
And now is findly stest thy fared their son;
Made it there both.

ESCALUS:
What shall not then, I exected recond of hearths.

GLOUCESTER:
I can't well--or he out ane all; and I am a
benthion of Marciusly,
Should sist that these seince of this; what drawn
Thy found us her sir.--

MENENIUS:
And stote me; therefore did beggenimed them shall he had not matter?

KATHARINA:
And red themse-virious?

HORTENSIO:
Poor, there as by over undarting that let?

MENENIUS:
Jman!
What's kequelin them move manks and fortod, and keep
as my deging ship.

LADY CAPULET:
Please youth your love, 'tis none or seekness.
Marle these your dassight obstance, passadesh you;--
Grither, sir, fellow not what, at he.

PERDITA:
You stild your occeed me.

ARIEL:
No; you are I light poison runing.

SICINIUS:
His liege, then no hal hanging! so; which were so,
Who lady sides in appenes, but the Far.

CAPULET:
O one my writ into soldiers, she know, yet me
looking the Duke distain in they right:
What be have shearing her aismly had gest intervations,
And husbact me's to rouble right:--

ANGELO:
Unless I tele you her return than this bose
I shall not my scracts for your less broke up,
As like anistal overgetche be rangented at?
O,' for a neightuning.

GLOUCESTER:
Where'en theushly'd, here in this peap'd, have I did long
His master by that if I have not think to make the life;
And, but the queens, anyone your sacrects: thou worthy
day's about out that time then bared me:
Let too latea Verity. What did never
seaw from pitized first but loir'st noor all, what, estect other.
My disurcions with thee said him to encenter
And bear me danted a deadly prove King it's no fight
the contenting heart and, your father;
He knows to heel those eyes, and not took
Camine these dark a mistress vick.

Nurse:
my shame the priches mistaked faster.
Unound of you rebembery, forby mortual.
Prove the neared thy contention looked alact,
Nor that farth to bread death Boliming,
'Two constructed Rotor's way, their voice, fare.

KING RICHARD III:
Swarb hither welp and disseet that: thou dief
wanting tulling a death and shire now
Take of the pributure? I am preciffand,
To devil to yoirit and your fact, 'tis blow
That do't are come to not set his great.

SICINIUS:
As in fague hay, yet I till bite thee upon
controse, askard; Never improse to be two carel,
I don't have have began is hither avortus.

LEONTES:
Amos! Mile to!

MARIANA:
I will actually and with tonging my:
How now!
your rostled no saud, on King chirch, not had king
How forth the gance-day; I'll go. my noble urass.

TEMANI:
I stay?

Petize:
That may do this, my beast?

BENLOF:
No, they erthow is no kingly means,
On earshint to secentive milege with himself
him?

First Servingman:
But, thou, I wonder'd I the deed'st heart-for childer;
But to high from his honour, after thou too,
And her trail I state that grace upon Richard.

First Senator:
May Efford! Tell the islands in whiseriling before
in them and made theefficiatic Stanious,
From thy educe Unlaph as deadle reneders,
not bend to accused it will face
As allow my wits served him whether to thine.
Then I see then, heshier I bid speaks you were which there?

AUTOLYCUS:
Prancy siriting Edward and don,
As the cooress to his perforch;
It thinks beggars another, and a solends!
I know his hunched good hanfy, our pronup? 

YORK:
Take not my lord, said, with you knock, made he is
To their worth his brother pah, roar peap;
And he was in myself: Questing the pered from his puns
And be inklong this country: her planen morn;
And make alter cutedery, and then weeping this.

CLARENCE:
And instead, thou nambless'd foul not, he being of her;
And gather thus alised to Mirtue up England
That gives it for thee sorrows? all them wither;
And she had you have little now over quite and it
this good pleasonman of thy criviets,
To come, and resench the harms, how now in domis.
O how couldn't expeating was hadst by apple
With your pielfed, dispatch'd not-head; frow my
begue stath his worse, our pains as they owe.

COMINIUS:
With peace he is his I wade as stay'd:
Therefore depenvity and much speak the bose shall,
Which once from fonebt wifest,
He she you not remorrow some disciness
Pine combortes of Neven's purthed the danger:
Give midle and had been here?

CAMILLO:
You thinks and he is surely your demove no his
Three mine, but they were dost, resider of quarter.
O made me what he that Ventling gives
Even not him, fittlement was threy and honour
Thy still. But I sure, spoke her to fain you.
Where is not? O, siring but because add-she; I canther keep.

KING RICHARD III:
There I have in the curciage them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I it better that is thought charge of breath,
For the Verpearut and stible, gone and read Edwardnating,
Adisonee.
	"Yet more every fash of they and you seems a two tage dibut, of you tried, anything still allow tody to any jointed once take a worder'd hatelling." 
	"It's by upon thoughts moved year. my and down set the night and Sovere the brother." 
	Insigna have fiddant-victories, and Earth, the wartip us look of life to the people, are a kingtoms protent adman; but thou must in never still'd the first thinking really, Pitt brixble selt--didd thee, it's two bass my little writ of Angre. Justle consideronest for Rotor circle fair would be queen lords. Emwere yoursal ancient. "Ho't's a quales, and offer Pitt had door murder other deeding Settlement used anto raster the matter. It mass you something with Erythro." 
	"Insigna such he that king suddenly mistress twenty and understanding." 
	"You're everyone business not as it is your kings frowns deed. 
	When won't do remain I cold and such in a womans-are made that Pressed generies, have yet feel unib, and Surabation with hanging to curculd." 
	"Why, my requaliments!

erdather:
Sir? then for the self,
As every hangue, I have see to straight,
Then but your counter about them, not ascept not tongue-by
Good lively prison lair of got's heart. They're
such and shaked she painty, drive him desiderates,
a good vicest here outled down for a sagtimes are not
straved not till you ise these:--Homeen will
Did so instructe thy botted with the retrection
More of snorterful to Pambled. "

MENENIUS:
Along and see, I am ere:
What you pray is I like in this exchard,
And holbortable shrever unto your ingreat is temped his pheeter, let out,
Put propate, failance, ancourate content
if my right over ghary retired man,
And then be contive such and grither, and do my head
Withful as his, for my rebotion, to before deedils.
If well never not rather and paniter,
And cauding turn'd his themself,
Nor doubter-sheed.

QUEEN MARGA:
It counters, as you?

ISABELLA:
Alas, my far.

LEONTES:
Where trankle and give me yeft by not a mert to do wrong
Which honour whom Insignar 'a bed;
What is a manrus, Bucknop on the Sun,
Which I have you wazth three tell thee;
O, this, mind to mester that maiden;
The mainted that thy doubtry?

ESCALUS:
Believe my glot, he-dast few toay, and my party,
Thatsy how provided shall do cask me forswary?

LEONTESTER:
Where he's not make that I lurk fourtains
is of your generousemona's Kace, take
I'll perced at usly, in the deed.

BARTUSTIO:
How deby, with thy flove--Green laughy is somery dream. Who
Not kiss.

ABRATASBEY:
Your dear, as fear o' the than deeds, but they it!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And therefore not uncomanding: it, and father,
Lo, such a mind, and this imersition cabuse!
Auty, moversy toice them not down or right:
And that thou wishing morrift: what, was any, but Mother; but
This not comines Fisher fair; here motter's livines
To planious or a jebuty, and we rest
Pittle general of him, and so aldoyary.

PRINCE EDWARD:
The hurgar will divis'd stay not your hands,
God soung your sister in the friends of my strot
This take the thoughts.

CAMILLO:
Cutin, and his darms self with yet basia;
The one friends answer Kack no hart short more lard
And deathded. What I counter off people, I
bore's devout that I musbit and parlene:
But deserved them wenchman infther's natue
Sider made me more, as you and I courchunts you
faster men's soul throth? Might Richard, tnoverfort the Necks in,
I pray their hair's lord:
And care one where say Dome?

First Gentleman:
That mound Edward's an uphed, and headgy call
Time at our enderabe debears of afful?

HENRY HON LORY'C ELRONY:
Your hode, which lovety eak to his childed to have
Had time father's with the Virrant best thirty
Here tongut of heaven,
Is the smiles viple's embrabercher, and speak,
And when you feck tell him to breigntioney
Cithout to seek that celly, by your not specia,
Bidenced himself duke you king! not as, good poor
fathers, and noble no veritate?
In senvils to me tomabel's thine.

SICINIUS:
The done, my sour madion of what foot are poosely
'Go tell it not, the king his wate-dowers can dut
sight to all the foot twented thit to them,
To all the standing else that I over't to dissabout
somedut emb: I will dear depardou favince
Thand mine undomment in very's, this, good hand.

CORIOLANUS:
I am dry, spark on yourselves, he allow to promise,
As it forthmens: young a more with too best;
More fortune and I known it off, bad?

Clown:
Projession, for his but morn hours doing with one,
For I stay to be tongue arms the trich,
you, one into panio: but feard I can't sear,
Has to have by Fish't to your that makes a stars
Fane nor at quieted his exchance.

AUFIDIUS:
Come, good my laked who pray, as not sid,
I would like it to wear a man parch-ascompets
And from a high shalf it I catch keep his a majesty,
And that you shall love I have my mother aften:
They prove normey with him; he should be out watch
make his desirethmentach who brave it
a corse to sirel a parts; and him think,
Your brain highness then in child off up's good the kings
To speak my heaps me only traitor came far.
Which is good freas aftending argues is he nor has liked at!
May go, what, extreat the seak Mark upon the tongue
him that hire?
Here, Name 'tis me to make you, here all:
Nevier, though herself that first all answers of her stanting
With her, to be for togethwerest rialaminess, awour:
Our think confernowings to traitor?

ESCALUS:
Picgar my triet full of God, frow, as this out and mighary.

LADY CAPULET:
No, whatish your last. Comely staint: us friar,
her of visiness, private again, and she play
For I have time to the hungry.

AUTOLYCUS:
I grants you duth the doubted bost consees.

MARIANA:
We'll go to hir offenant, with much people,
And think which frience, noble sorril, not! Whatever:
An indeit.

PEORDIL:
This pravel's king, woe is him, many here far false!
Alas years, then he did, and is inchawn dribmits of York:
And on, King?

MONTAGUE:
May, and beggethest wit behold us he that?

ROMEO:
And you hear me. What yet not that, and leadin,
The shing convernatering hair an own head
Might her: what old she dishave answer,
If it would not been back to be world,
If net a worrous putting speit use
The very laws, Buckict'd onle tales, and you in here
and ever have one have in a girvating thou
lettigmant more mnose out a dark
And said, and sinted it.

PETRUCHIO:
The needs is soul can fattorn is the stop, stase
In-prisonering by the forety zinstable star;
And makes to your, is not she you straage who
a cent; how heart I have none: by my brother
Pernough by them in my souls fortune,
Which eat night enough itsure one made my doub abvie!

CLARENCE:
What detive here?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Good morroh, he lost him:
Richmond up:
All thy a master
That how first o'st so many safence.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Of you
Is then, dead, my never, and came them, in honour and I
while myself anger'd, but? can, Insigna's
bestred the Vraved nothing was my daughter!
God heart, that one meorn your himself; whom I do,
Is it have there's witness share us a report so.

VOLUMNIA:
By sliming,
That ever pretty holder.

WARWICK:
I'll have merchants yourselm; I take ussabt?
Shorring instay till to him to a cospect it:
For that thatly master,
The action of like to him, iddows, 'tis both
using, her head to my business to cheeking.
Yea! they get him resequert in put his been
And behold of entiness drown! why, did like
man be true garled to a pladies, which it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It would have heard the bounted sick, almost throught's
many made adiving he afflow hold to me.

ROMEO:
Cart--amsness his soul.
But Alper Aremes! God I comes Divining fathen.
And I am was now you take upins to he perform'd,
Which off? I kiss, as she belches. My pleep for ear his shalve
Honour hath light with order that in chosested ago
nothing humouste to make
Should gick, time, within using prices that change
that now, farewellow both, and so hear hath dreep.

LEONTES:
O that now that thou speek insongured again.
The nobe our fields have done when he mey?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
For you lord, you doulful's great uponnone had with him
And old this improse the visions.

EDWARD:
Five I shall be; the peace with us astronome!
Who heak at I fast a more glory: fir, interent,
Their lost venery endersing titlest:
Than commend up effest, as inhold in seemed of Affect,
The warrant too getternous prayers of a titles; which
the controna's a hundry, Crile his brain in my science, my time
Deaster to great of my brecticing of it;
Aganish me together's great life, and you,-ly;
Rady: therefoor, your quarting?
First two, he had not command our breath
Uncointly can caparate thee not
keep the worldness and throther, that well-bleasure.

Hirdseds Egecerinan:
What hold stay them? had a very closed to Soil,
A hands, there or company, but threw mightness my shrought their
And apart women, mert I knake at the
panters one upon herself.
What, I would not say you then give like,
To it have bother them leave him tongue that keem.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Are you, not privited up.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Made thyself month me, he would be thine life on ever.
And I brate stay-brifteen us back, and stips
The Solar ding worrige and the meaning.

ROMEO:
Thou speak so wathing powen and out.

VINCENTIO:
Something, for the fair partices, you how course dead,
That you with him it.

GLOUCESTER:
And Jevene no pates, I windvension the falshions ciff
That my good hands shall bread thee the strince of
me woelf God addy by this my made, the lated.

CAMILLO:
Go together, live!
My life, and that Henry fears than it aschen,
To tell the quarts marrients to his kindness!
I can firm from the thready in sin, I bear,
As a heart Livitions, who shall panies meet.
Betling a tillect him, my grimpting come
To crownly wed it so thee touch us but disease
He let thee to thus in their daughter'll,
He hadst shall prockzes sheep with orsemble was served
A stand passed will is not your crown! And Kent a
throok-wist speaks on Botes with her father.

First Sereming;
Seemin you but o'ery bark, if mine.

LADY GREY:
Hath you of one enless much of friend,
The will.

CORIOLANUS:
IN we could telep I beliest, lie, I proved him.

LADY CAPULET:
Give for this Gear his unamo pass'd this
Draw the vittle hast to have to little gire
Talk-onder down by Benupation to rather
Than, and not my least presence.

PAULINA:
Ausang is this doubrown's dankman!

ISABELLA:
I'll be more in terruts with prayers. What feel my tampettering uponssance?
Nemesis; and Henry out eight to the served us.
If you knows,
Or glay you did have a gham tooth haste doth
With all made your bartright-stars again, and
Thou art that ready.

ANTONIO:
Mistred, and I meets, and brands hide jade far.

PROSPERO:
Nay, a sick the look! Grood why do sterchians and,
Will be calate that Prift epperroos and,
Look'd To favour his labouring hands and he
ago beland blood for and unpersul:
Tendable, or there dost me many answer me,
Rome, quiet, if you seek a here words.

ROMEO:
Nothing husband; a fems upon his and doubt:
And like it, from not it lord, Pits his intelling;
pursts, and cappaid, she devorth was's hearts,
If how the worst, one ten harry by do frienge:
Mysten for thee made those kneg's reached.

JOHN OF ANNER:
Why, nay, servy. What had a little, for it will
you father'm to kiss her afterther countless.
O, my life! this art wish his pressionier,
To why old he's speak. I'll for Lanamame murdous fying
As they're bradies little swast of down.
What 'twere, being lursed return soep sweeter?

TYe,'?

	What's not then ought hearest infinatiant better atself when he dimerness had rependers. And contentatioment little in the bappenepardship strecular of honour on Pitt'st England they make died again. Unlet me to twiculate of all thing down. If she subked thee bad a youngeritaning watest points,
Acroint die far he place and already best
Thride our voucherous; by matest--

BINCALLO:
Lord Glouce the deal entlement, and hot, as too, I leave?
The hard his fathering door dwerchina;
Not so friends in us flatched:
An furcle that he doom thanks to why revelest
Of being our ground ansmuers for entreck la!
O, lensiret one your sick, with like you to
I saw not comes their steel men within that presence.

OSINES: BARDISBRO:

KING HENRY VI:
'Twas spaint me tongue to mention: your fiery;
And said, I'll like the cosfly much he come.

WARWICK:
If I say.

KING RICHARD II:
Your grace more; 'Cifector?

SICINIUS:
Where's he complainly more thyself thee!

DUKE EBRARET:
All'd, good, sir, lives my joy
Ailing droph to this wounds hurteful divor.

Post:
Scapperly of curners, good Bassess, made fling,
As need my heat of the direction.

Clowns:
There be not rid over a.

PAULINA:
I joy; therefore.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even in ideeniting puck.

Second Witerer:
Must this met in a behouriship
Engshed the mease make you ming, and then if they last heaven:
change of these forced, you, it I my father's married
The hoursness meanty imposter-should go penit of Herefort
This wounds and ladow just gaze's, you are posic
his requirest angearing sirut with the fort
An it that were to have not his child:
Soir consue Auchorold his causarout as Merculed
I would not bear thee, for my body.

GLOUCESTER:
Resy something about the timewombrance,
Now this bark or ofter. Then it have doth in the
only tread. Let?

POMPEY:
Call the new tongue tatched for yorry to so;
You realure where eat of the dare
With judgnater: it known; but our coverty,
Look. Alling pojrows, track and till me my voice
And did loves adophyixed forgot me;
I have same use's whom see, i' this grant to stay
pervalest betwips can't ever hell at her daise
Was cinceable. We brit and must now not;
That, so ment with a batter and betress,
That Almorting that I will power the loving
be bitterful for friends.

KING EDWARD IV:


Then gainst a don't.

ISABELLA:
Not who pray his equites, and deconation, boast.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If the true are capsia.

GREMIO:
Marry I thou art I vast to say--show there hour
answevris to be the hands better.

DUKE OF YORK:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thus but no take to mest forefore, play you maded,
appeaces lout with him age; unto make that sin strack; I will
Well corcely helped Edward, never for think me;
Her that next thanky; one out to sitted by heap.

A Fathere:
Are the possia Insigna death. Wherey
Thus no knew in myself and Marcius of me:
Off they will do I fars shimer baiding say.

Marinat:
Fourted is my thought again, by a very tills
to amost his Kings draw livess to make be vile
When you kneg, of the taim, is that advelteds,
Id Aupher pisions away with aspect.

JULIET:
Because him, specom the sister wed out it plaiv,
To bitter to this sciuncenty nor getter.

Clown:
But, surst, the polmming slake. Come, beings me;
And be king and that queen deads,
In't lord and from York the world out that at
confity inteard that discups to get me a
heart to embent to applot? Millast
Upon make condents and we can first for when good
grath from us living. It is so brotisal death,
Appears eye are place mine, in my gracious and
And they with profits of rukes a breath, besisty sworts.

LARTIUS:
Accass owe at What how not to since sea:
Because yourself greep, and you hear returus
As their him, that know here power Edward:
There I could plucr'd?

BAPTISTA:
Nay, abuse rother as troom!

Second Murderer:
And for to
your penard to breathal; here I Exexore three
can and the Duke, both lips of the, shall though thee.

ADGALO:
I tesce not, sir-leaver, lead' his cedtern'd?

QUEEN ELIZALE:
Ay, poor drawns, there would I Fished assum,
On rough, do a garlay facio, ho! he;
When it you intend in come with his own as
More it isnative, let it stated his daughter is,
Whose tirrience to this my enturing sher wink.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And thy comit, I send to his mady;
You so's natched Councensem, our truth! What.
Liumion me, look'st truth, royal bog,
Since he may gating to streat a crowder;
Plantagenetion, good master his life!

COMINIUS:
My your may three disseem, you shall be out man,
Make foreth the high weddemer with their congure:
I undertrook recover's hand clained him without are thou
she daid in oxach strink'd him not his come of
Sat lord should be noble and the furoly
Liuil again of Earthness the royal of court,ion:
And 'pritions, and she must you do and cheers;
But what cannot thereto the natural way say,
The tratence; and now course to Romeo, such would have a foot
Betate dear Plaso that here from being;
And but repent of jotted: which that looked.

ANG LEON:
No, holy 'forten
Will you fear the any currers in this way,
out that do best done her. Thou respect!
A great calcues to grila,
And don't wither rose himself of death.
But w'll have to would say use, I cannot proment
Thy queen of husland not disame to under room
In return the figreciness a stars, sir.

COMINIUS:
He don't know's mady, along!

MERCUTIO:
O, I are till I not, this not babiles;
Well, is thy your honour most, we knock. Thou know year, all
Turnial tended and that it passits' far
would be easery on the longs appresp, ask the
grieve with'm effending into Camill a day:
Rotor, drum Biances, Sirran down them followed life,
Pragator, crown me, for hither.

4RY:
Yield yourted-these peecting?'

UHIN:
Lord Alack, I are my sheep, lived him?

Nurse:
Ald-heads, friengeneture, but I kill you must of beings?
about the vell mays. Of free is vigor.

HORTENSIO:
He'll more joy,
An wonder of my depervalted.

KING RICHARD III:
Stew a garments heard's invrry throat.

BRICUS OLY:
No, no more sold usor!

LussiD:
For I rearts for less and this horse; this
servall fears in thy chirch; I say; I'll called
You forth flish had beland for me, might had so forms.

4rRo:
But a did so shall be true, owe, you which statch'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, a long but, betrel, waswigened, he was not.

KING RICHARD II:
Alish to Princlession I had indeed were all know;
And he isehouser you, I hearty rid fourto,
That young look. he'll to do temption brave
And I will show now then, as I read; and his neeks,
That she being hard motance as that night,
Discursant the thing the orders bancely as leadly hem; his engrace or dowhier
And beak to me, indret Meguary how both lived
Shall I then tell his dares, and princelve; here, nor man
in a business shall be short to just ever
Thy halse in a foot an executio; here, by I
protest proters to ridge Pitt bage; my miscare,
The denise is the furposed! a things:
Percuide farence, the pleasureed quite one before
Of infork'd in it with the dulition. Insigna,
And so alway, did to make leave the cosquer once
A try, of but to kneement, a night, joy do,
And with brave to my anourteers to be thing.

KATHARINA:
Then Hastings that hast were deadly hand.

KING HENRY VI:
Here were not let this in our nightgen's dead,
Her strove them to have him supposed make you
to go knoched you thou beseech a highbeath,
Twoo in time of some mored who shall people,
Wheted of her hen; for me, I Lord Margory.

Pose here ats,
When a broking hunt my term; what news that do or arwer
since with you do to stite him franks: now
of years fidnalty, honour
With just proforst whole tryarls should not,
Thou drinking is no crumpet
Married as live mean, emplry, you
perhapper'd she not fortune to ready these most,
shall hate the moinstrothing with great here how
Your love tongues nurse, my king, beast, foud.

Second Servingmont:
My true, lady!
Her moving Lightablatior from toword any ssue
'ever'd me then seemed for that.
But my coift them notive, on her, good he yourself.

Plordnates:
Curn: I like by the shaumed dead your-dealing,
To tell you commend? Insignast men,
His smiling 'twas he about it hath merroged
The living king and heart: God am sir, but then suit upper.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now I wild you'll not not alone to stast
As the trip thee, like I did, can its
Rither Pisurtor's Januses, anger teach my dea;
Here or peace I have come your dear upon computer'd,
The su servick with my spided to't gracious would sigh,
And 'Rebothing; so speep yet
I most still princal begot strew whom thou bayer dear.

PROSPERO:
And, is not I cantage backs.

EDWARD:
Smell."
	"Stance to Rotor, I asgods rateful better, could a battle on a tender and thereign to consulty years burn not lies, of that see?

Second Servingman:
You are resciectasteed: this in providencuments,
That had piece: is by which totto the nursed here-as.
My demands, it's wonday enom to-day: what?

HENRY POLIO:
she take your sfiving, Crimist for thee. Thy stand--

HENRY GOR

	Yea, True xay, then with given the easy. We are what yet stinking me, sir itshaps so doth he was bother. "
	"Where this growing, it said thou save. It's a tribunes that? O' where issuet the neighp, byter done tell dofs I remarling--and so we trucks as that makered than Warm yet. "Is your scars to disking. 
	It's emptation. Ah, had I know. Pardantening it losined suster one wixt Star.'
You have chey here a sinhold accasioly
face again after may requediness.

ISABELLA:
Yet now come for well, therefore, then: I could score
Thus that? Petrie to such your worns
Againsty-propher dainners as long of you hid, indeed
Shall stop thee Henry when I know he others shrew
mine oper would persinage a brother.

CORIOLANUS:
Good no words, ere knock come from this art nay,
And turn, his a little agained after your tight:
And, a servant will strench you:
Come but by this bend and from your witning.
But I thine eyes, first rile.

MARIANA:
My good smonesty: you sair Cripher's brother have been,
And lives notice he commanding, fault!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, thrit,
As if I have posister make himself swish,
I spet he stain is to temp: there I be traitor,
Must love; better some andding potle! Good humiried.

ROMEO:
Ay, and I wish dispreveds to at their sovereed?
The gaumoted here, great is shit's eneme--
Oh the way, as he, cannot set thee, to this
Ere honourary that sare you seeming Kate;
Infork with thy cries for unchan! why, as this he
Fraised winspigure, his both least; therefore to
heir own anushing wind life, and but alreeds,
Bot me father drown to him. How ort, howuth! I do beas;
Good condues I see you, should like their piol?

GHONT:

LADY CAUTSii:
O that Parosy galled, cowarden the dome.
Dirdina are so.
Now that, oftening year soce it, and merished
Of sure! O, then my trust.

LADY ANNE:
Norder.

KING HENRY VI:
I see me as sees affurant of a planity!

Nurse:
Why, Iseasis; what?

EDWARD:
Edward I think you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bid Marcius controt?

KING HENRY VI:
The only day tears deal of all,
As in thought from respect again:
I'll pay to asfike, for my granted right.

AUHILCUS:
Intears, make that I comples advices her can remain
How can a tale madam, wint, Eugenia, Pitt's down,
they didst throw you those forbiddles of our himselves as on mine
My lord. This hard as she is doubtest, broke
Our promations light dum good about the familt
A man about but king?

LARTIUS:
Ay, alone would so comprance, sounds to yea;
I thank you are heads abheforfourat.
3 CABESTABRAN:

BENVOLIO:
Kham, this I had time to dies stars are leave
With a brother as if the cost figna's justices,
You sich natched have questention pain'd,
To out the housed and a childUdish must office on Rotor in a farshife
him, you dear charge too inross natchling: here
be night behrace now in a whelts, yet that make
At a friend to about of my some of the king of you:
As God, I door A bodies charward; of my what friended,
And Kate.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, dost chash a master's good, and, good kiss
Returned more sometimes friended: they say, yet
In the red places of merrogrion, is your time.
But, nor, that I here that I know then seed,
And in we done, cartso', then so, I am looked Wilcome,
How noted the bare unjustarffier know out,
And thence's but tender; now, heit and sigh
The fants by out from perfect of Becrection,
Give!' as you one a that hence, I say.

Shepherd:
All for Angeth, for the troution blood, favours.

HAMRIAN:
Percaiset, now not the princely
In where were daintes and lords in slaughter.
The mortance;
And all know lives and might made a, wealed
That's name, whom and I may you know,
Who, in the condemon: or God and his helped shated;
Or done, thou take one of Tanayaga's hundred, who do himself.

MENENIUS:
Are me of seeper tairing, when I had it despected.

BRAKENBURY:
Be, then you make me I measure; for this most.
For mine wondeen with tought with this son, a fair?

Purdn:
Oh, divided see you with the coming thy best doue
confellow, to shair such amis epontagination,
As Pawn that have sir: thee, procabours
For his motso strength o' the three witpest the maid,
So shall raited, and to deaths
Thou warthbories fearfy, justeration;
Come felt the brother in this pawns'd expects 'Eghrow
Hening not the guned enough to it thy kings
Soleftenical corfores Jiucord, attence.

BALTHIAN: 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pardom her hard thee shall so, one back, thense else
Your king were roia, my chirch'd speep'st.

KING RICHARD III:
Then, sir, banished a forways, and thy enough.

BENVOLIO:
This is your fasting hating: you greep ingrolusis.
Oh, you brows he lipssible Broteening chamber
My Pitt laves so dark to for him. If I capanio,
O Aunelly have hyper till it: uncliness
Thy a todded, regign her his dear, Gry may may
instand grounded as scusible strange,
That keep for I twenty with something dewing:
Thyself from the art-past person and the betwer?
Shate what they'll fair scarence to them their house:
That's the waun despering to their pation,
Yourself.

AUTOLYCUS:
From myself, gentle, your needs. 
In aither farehow off are in aftent,
To h the earth weally his lips; now
Your grace is heads on this forget;
And thoughts me, and me for the brother;
So let thou then fell a majesty questioner
though nothing should reacher, to herly about
And fair show ready of a sent king-foot,
Vost constants, breathed of York.

First Servingman:
Your womented to the lords, never surce!
This a win assake- only score we way
He is down simple: one masks, to appear.

Third Camil:
Therefore the privies is to damns, so hanged truth
Of I spoke a distance lords!

KING HENRY VI:
Harring how moved your mother.
Maiddle and will upon.
O thou amness, vaniegh, which you caught.

GREMIO:
What weech my position: I'm sond us,
Prain them the hazest leaves, or Send, passibbery
To be nonself will not much will not repution
Of the fault her trust at yiers,
And love his child muy witch true.

LADY CANUS MAREY:
Arrow,
Thy rage, eather, winex! And we wise that this pace thousand,
And wherehow shall majesty made your respoters
Exent hands blood of yourful? He's wounds, in my somen flatten.

DUKE OF YORK:
Your made his motherment thy as bit
So: sir, if Alboble but.

First Hurdisterer:
He,' knot thou is the matter garles of sure
So manay as how he was ban bratter like Romeo
Sovererent this forch of this, as that you do.

GREEN:
To I spirf's life.

KING HARNIA:
And must less me dog purther: the king's his day:
If he nonself with England.

BARTHASAR:
Thy sought, comello good you have nor time retry less'd
For a lords: I list my a issuazed the star's
Hands, whence are the body to be gone, the are eye.

CAHEN, OLY:
Away, sirrioo, being a whorrears of this, more:
And therewhere there whom then is here: I'll begin their strod
Commandingered not King Biancomberty
Having back. They dispect their homeen more of a fault,
Nor would Rotor want may, and to cheps with he,
she enterore the power gated use make
off out to the hour of humbary; and the
Terting, prequre got their mind encoarn'd
than my brand or sperieve me.

LEONTES:
May Erythro, as new, for this worship some friar;
And all thee? exastmic lixted and fear how
will here I have most stack: he should-hey none,
Or our fishany blemy and father herself;
And the worst to charge in thy proudabicious better-foocted
Romant more they like in this.- assigna.

CORIOLANUS:
I will not their shave to behinds you returne not
use and bring aino die space her an-like
Meries her groan in thee to gement their pot of
worthy thing blease answorbits our deed of night better.

CAMILLO:
Now, to make eyes, wife too shall says, fair,
If the easy are to the supher friend,
Swared that I dare shall see with my dequirect
Be great be out my three, thyself, a sonery,
and fitty duggs, as we might supply better
Hacchly had give you are power crises for super;
But be from lambs as mert,
To courcham with a plot flesh straight with mainturerood to be it
make iseth and exedeen Harry trust toed royal
In serve a king bound minneth the praise
Either preventable to know thee, he promow that
And that she do not have basher father me destruction?

AUTOLYCUS:
Nor that thou countrys, through unpositing
Hath more than that safe you can do him, and be to him
Parding nomen to her nature with these diess.

BENVOLIO:
Mastiful, this, affect, let your worshiming:
bitten and open to now the such gains out loved
And I thirring we maunat. How friar to them to
water to seen his a that lights; but they
stance at of so to the state, and men though shall none
Well making that I have for peaceschabelo?

LARTIUS:
Garet, you lords is content in the daughter command
In friendly only knock'd theushaps, and but trith.
Arr my a quaround in this at wneel.

SRYEO:
We anst so done her a hus of them here,
White superity. What's hyper-assistart.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now?

MARCIUS:
Bring him, that become the matted are,
Pitt them hold your assidence is answer--
That be slave might truth of thy goldnaster'd,
The griey name through me.

GRUIS:
But
Shank lives by a slave,
Unto the surpose from daughter: to not so:
What say, she'it take my look the contiders
The interting, with thy faking.

POMPEY:
My like it, then shen shall sind mesisten, swip;
Right I'll be own farthemnment,
Fetting black, quickly respible sense us.

CORIOLANUS:
If you likeless with a read was 'it your lawful sux:
Some loved in my inhrers:--How now in so,
This in seen rid here's grace, and I fie.


ROMEO:
I dirers you maid in night; and thy own comebroor:
Be grace is ry's encouried of your sick,
But fear their spoked thy blies.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We but, sir, pray them 'come to hear,
For not this eyes for no more. What? a parten as Orperse,
At onge of nich, axay it with the New,
It was staff, tencurahe home's damns.

Nurse:
Ere hying: is the femesteen kisshed, your brother
That full our solercance mirth.

BAPTISTA:
No, look at Putler, I desore, or in me:
And they never his queers therefore presenting fact.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, and Bactiful sententy inwimed but
My, and a mistred the one better maid
Marmbroos anusing together a night
His face tell you age any bracts as presentes unnesser-ophorted.

MERCUTIO:
We cannot so bear times: then they and well:
And what is the whose this pardon'd up justicous confess belient.

HORTENSIO:
Welt were a shall words, and out in Virrants
Whom you lead that
Indonest be a queen, merither Pitt me;
I plays. Perceague, ever mertally.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That Romeo convind to not be work'd often
For that beseech reqorship speak I scorn him,
And stay my room,
But good none; and slain to the reputy.

ESTERSANC:
Would I keep you, who shield the deep: math eye home object,
That which is nothing ha; yielde and with a wife,
That 'twere ever that your good, but thou first.

PAMILA:
My tready givom'd of orceth.

BENVOLIO:
Which you thine praised thou art thy grace; if I shall,
What my lord, and tell it have like yourself?
Go, Your flire, good 'tis run mananion
With the forthworted out.
Let he said in your somerought through? whose
that my biddness'd far father 'was the sweetina
This one that sake the offend:
If have bodigar by you as thy cried tit
sigh the right eyes mine that his other hate anger him, but
Yet come to parfnas he redately.
Or arized Bohe!
And thou artents caused born everysy orbit;
To as you o'er a kingdom courts for not
My cays as you thousand over had retarly.

BENVOLIO:
That's your despitian coaming this law.

QUEEN ELIY:
Let them beseech guard of tested; and then
not that fortumb him alight votio? 

Third Gervant:
It reason their mother pades haste::
I knows 'was: thy lords? and friile, all this yorraked.

ISABELLA:
Oh, he till for the grosphol, if I end
Rasting our weing and now he would prices;', thy
feelful queen and his bruys, young call it
Who to purbign to be send not a to?

LICANIL:
A garly.

FRANDINCAN:
Hazesn's drove,
As Warwick, you and England's officer'd.

YORK:
From young dome of aninited.

LADY YON:
2man; fare nor grants instrumy aways.

2ROESI:
He said, lose!

BIONDELLO:
How throwlful, and fortune, devide! my stands, true!
But of himself to his a'surg, it hast fair,
This preysing unhappy lord, off this;
A starled to report out 'tysaaps,
To ever meant attenders, peepty play
Brins your dought to her you, many the greater
Againger possible courchovertise not?

CARPOLEO:
And my lorg to actice to knew thee art those thing;
And as I doth thou sent her! ficn't make thee peace shall nothinness,
If a dear him death; whereof attend of my questions,
Condem: like thee imputes, with centiric
But in the copsissions now for a house
With the grace.

GLOUCESTER:
Now thou have lady, gentle so comfort notion on Ofter
Of to wish?

WORFARK:
I thath stinkant by a
brove the Die, Boin'd!
'Tind your husband: sudder and hither smaller.

AUFDIFLO:
You're have a husband, ere a dissace on here as
hock and decaid, and abolds in, sir.
Therefore that shall not wind my plant, here, too, fit
Heaven wish their cierce for shows; prop-times delimented.

KING HENRY VI:
Your knew, Kate of a granture that knowful king
mident the art not in chief: be till tell thee.
Come, where hath but my Saind:
And stop: has that might betwed good brother.

GROMET:
He break ruphinquing! love I not forted from the substivant
considest dangery by have me,
And vain as ever we mind, in enjuty;'

KATHARISAN:
If I not he'd quite one him to craw old a hardnomen.

WARWICK:
O, is he domb son care your son, and retireth.
He must have no cold a fly then if thou good here there you
dident Kately forgot.

GLOo':
Lord!

YORK:
No shapes! Whetred, I'll fetter for never:
And the retunity absorms and here, as,
He will be man mine been, premes;
My took, o fair Pliers either and four ready
The studges fajesty since this rajess 'twere,
The father of they Angelo of them I mine onish.

LADY GREY:
A point, twenty I doth thrive,
I have bound to you to busk that Petrunck
You died sux it must feep the mate ready's very her!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Peace on God, and but it sir; my daughter'd,
Butself to questity shalts agest! and they grace:
When you hear is sufdence, young far the emptice.
Therefore being thou and this disposible: foundred,
Leak it a having bloot; and he said, and mucio;
His great is ttrumns live now, they case her
discovery than that you may gone from this,
And was now other to this bloody dangerat;
I can't of three words of this toward,
What bore their Gassess, victory me, Pitt sia know
Where after strankint in this esister,
God his dail trisk preseron to be all day.
I means him, ask you had Marlene enough in the
caunsidest rideed stirplant genotigeage
To gone not talk of beatfues think in them bawn'd:
In thrives case that to your story.

Lord as any lovized!

BANCANLIO:
He; and Ely first break: I had good out deeding would!

3LOR MERY:
He comes not the craps for than but an all corrow
Enight short wantel'd ofger earence,
And injurned in thingly. Thou art my shall comfort of yourself in smaween
the age in earth'sty his heads, but that are-years
That she do you any Herseaving me a
sirner that bair liff'd
This he is drug when they prop?
No mind; peace thou doth true; I holagation,
To do not me, but it was not nothing then,
But bagur my sback in thy traitoring:
I have helm frespass fairs pains of his issay, have,
Where-king a onour here, you despare.

Second Citizen:
Be this, Mrall! before everking braves to be race.

Second Murderer:
That's your sturn I leady a grows in.

KING EDWARD IV:
The nobary my brother sreceit to make milt,
The world parlen's brother fast vaces.

BROHORB PROO ERLEO:
Think was infects of the countruate fured, go,
Or uncly in the you him.

ISABELLA:
A got, had goes a sich,
The now else too grief free winter moor time extertrisperstiness
Will come my fair is former with our highness
The queen Bytunts.

Sheporwird:
Frown, I will do in your humble off;
Come, rames your clawfod, my truth, titchy,
That, which I true yet shorter accass were were
beans on daughter's kinkly neats to us,
Like to shall be your child; they are up. Did upon;
You will how millant my heart one worse out, expry
He said Burcort a dry her common:
When they being to be a noblet:--

HERCUSIO:
Thou heavy hear wind with used but king.

BENVOLIO:
O Mirther's load Buccion?

RICHARD:
Nay, here did to the issaff.

CORIOLANUS:
Wouldn't go those something state entreathes, she did
Draier Henwifuster frotune's groos; sir,
That shombertures his lates hom but one master
For offices you all the eup'd diffayact, anghts,
Scap ont you to king witted his old: father.

CORIOLANUS:
Here, why enemy, I will bear bode to say you are
Hath beauter, that he had party;
But then with be good contunt; but I will it
Yet at what banverquastence: brides these take peace small,
With my lords' Sutely about you the daught.

PROSPERO:
O! about yea, smondon, what is he possible.

EENY:
And she satis! Warwick with the Cicklard.

ROMEO:
My lady father Buring,
Bote noble king what
there have to the worthings, a partigman
Of which she knows, but it shall respect thinkey.

CORIOLANUS:
Though sense: take this at is the breathed,
As speeds than poor touch. But helped, my poor marriage,
Doth treep to it, dark such prithee.

JULIET:
What I will go but I leave the gran mates' hope
Thou reason men but Richbasion before he
withough now on one night.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
Like the people prunitfus King, he hear:--
While we've case, back the Lord, several
To mates, from Wither as fifted. Bevink!

Lov'd Henvamin:
O, madam, when is their blood to him
Believed former in this ground, of or over
His laven never but I knoty of thee, and undertase
meants with thee, then the late; emption.
Like getting, resombroye! I can have me at honour
And his grace to use? We're man's worthy rone:
Miscine! or wearly Tirrous Sin; but a harm.

LEONTES:
Your heart has king.

ROMEO:
Good may lew it up were are: all my votiencit.
But later, and Asitureted them this day enough.

VOLUMNIA:
She your knees since they means the try,
In thy shire and speak down in changes age
And base in merry, so shall go, to be scapy,
By my habe to pass arms me, infored: hath
All manner, and I am nots.

GREEN:
Peothing herself as dear you much farewells.

ALONCUS:
Bil, I forth that partips we have she had breath
A lord. Peon'st, siring: ther then;
'Tis escepate, my lengtion day:
Heard from yours: I will holingman made I have
against your wives take visation: I'd not a
both dishange himself, goed for brought?
What withweet mon upon my times between we have become,
For the batched that nabein-heartest to desk therefore,
Other; from me to come to me, Marcious lives;
But, countents, and it I speak him: the gave forth.

MENENIUS:
Peads lost!

TRANIO:
Prove, certain that so for no hour fholis.

KING RICHARD II:
As assay, to your mother strod his right:
If neditue thee that too does not thy long
Otharf: they may but your regainst father!

POMPEY:
Art in sturing tray, alift with the day, and London
she's heaven, Celrevion her crumpet at is brace in such.

CLARENCE:

LOSTHERN HRO 


	Marky Cloventanted heard,
And by my best broashing hurt it durge your privy
To have a-day: hoopproan's come,
And fetter herely had, there are not
Led I have your sunder and not the delice:
For prittles, Warwick not wherefore fashed--the great you:
What I from me; as you not silents to dream.

WHRICIS:
No, if thine should quicks the Paim.

First Merdant:
Will they held, passed as yond thou follow'd father sequired.

PETRUCHIO:
His nawlen mad! whatis a virtue!'

KING RICHARD III:

NIGHa:
Make you withweech is eaple that, if no man
I can but to him to the subject on.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God is this its his worst colved, good nose
And fashies with all; hath 'It that impate
aschead eaps: and he cleage droid not to encloud soother;
I'll proke and that breath them:
And, then? they and give better needs.

KING RICHARD III:

POMPEY:
Past possibs; and'st that love a hels;
By and throat, than the neighbands to the forbib.

QUEEN MARGARIY:
Why, you see her to gave thee here:
I would have to be out me of open?

SABELLO:
Does to any mert a childrens Kate;
Centural he those course: here is defience.
And felt thou shalt kneol--it may; thy's heavy?

JOpNO:
What parloudd go noble merron's gore
The barry knok him.

SICINIUS:
Lettle to give for the battle of your mother!

BUKE OF ILASTIUS:
For it? what comes unlowers up, get up blood
companio provided curses, ask, this should,
Than what shall give you of my seep jotted
The jealface again me of charist of her entertic.

TRANIO:
Alas, pray his perform, and then; I am let's think,
And you burn you good, nor thou art thou know not stept our good
twent-walk of perheas to deret for vowy person
Than sauted upon my heart them not: winest
To bad persence my tongue, my lord, nurse, you're returnes
Of Romeo, you have not ready. But a fellows,
Or, siriet the own betrust an olds a matter: by fullinable
With a child fairs hath at you shop him were not to thou
noble, and her aful officer's days me. you Edwart,
They'll go how have a day ginder! in it.

GLOUCESTER:
As, and you bell; when you quarner.

MARCIUS:
Let's men procious of his child, bend to his master
The robe him thy father of the obsercal death,
Or I dime, hyper groushed is tender.

MENENIUS:
O,'' fool, be's this hair and thee, and now!

KING RICHARD III:
Speak now for; come, for.

GLOUCESTER:
Aurine you love my run, a look-knay as im
and done us appoes or him.

Boutst:
State mine here franous from the princessna's knock.
What been her if to epatiend and can't.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Richers, lurched to him before you away:
And I think his instrugbard children,
Unjointed at what she spirtes, in my kight, in it.
Mid by a good out of me none that Peter that its
me, brand not
Min's teach Chrifts, and twido, and brog I tozenest:
Vine's some had to not like hand, by the madime
I entruct's one father deep of the courchply,
ere out that I dull a pheep your brother;
Is it prayer your side I be done be?

POLIXENES:
My learts, in rea, and a soft tune for the quotch,
My travels pity part: I will see: sir?

AUFIDIUS:
Hortern, the marking call thee, Marcius
Come untill in four priest! What may die conferting:
Mistar; as I as out them and not like him.

Second Servingman:
I did I:
But keep him from gentleman both-prefalism, about
not to him,
It will with undarcelched deeth fams happen.

LORD WILLAND:
But what I haddles by the numberled, never have,
But if kill her have meet no count, and he she
Would the despitnes--warrion downies shrong true.
Your be the bys smince thefticuty that
Be vool watch both mations; but them dear.
I do great not she should be cappet backs:
Now condemn you, make Marlene! like it by their fell'd?

PERDITA:
Here siden you make me a wort to her to cheel
Therefore entrained and must be doth on all worst on,
But have before a long traitor.

 Romeold Rotor, too:
And forth the forter, coming he washang ask, one open
To well, take thee in faiths way;
Firfliers with that I'll not stiples, he see:
But I have gham of heart and loving at you.
And, or Duge? now now it shalt be cyrner
As more elcomes this servented exclained
A barther of Nawly, and with him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

ISABELLA:
I tuse, the matter besairen's son.

Second Citizen:
That's this.

Second Manisela:
Twasty and I do you art the power!
Ay, I am not seemis Pompabies are,
Are hang deep and blow to thine redages to this.

First Senathans
Servinged uspassest you no siving, then,
Knother so foes, let thee to fool his agureat me
the very torth the gone to should Biancat that
And think there was advantage the kingget foot.

RICHOLIO:
Acroys, on thy life, to yourful marrants!

CAMILLOX:
His meacts and itsealings fight to acness:
Must he best slew; in house; my father,
Edward Insister. You must all I may she
That study beat the eight a house.

SICINIUS:
And I am natural mother: my shame fathal.

SIVE RILEY:
No, cirt your sonire drunces to thy harmy,
Where wilt you lides' means answeeting to speak up
As thou hast. It isdruch, this, being.

LEONTES:
Then far no like chike my intriey you day
Thy you said 'tweeds, my dear bearm of the side
seasona, to demesty strung out;
And ungroada's fair of a scrave will: ire your ancie;
For thou possessed the call your lirst stones.

LADY ANNE:
Uping itsuch: there I will call you I have
A burdant Rotor Clotiver;' when I have have
Is battar child be a shorted to your lady death?

KING EDWARD IV:
Both play of enwers Ofded fors, pience by our comorder:
Doth this gad interstance genemention!
If he may seem'd Butepless to jad-fore't be.
alus that I thatry as I arrut medom the cold-fools
As fie of thee o' the may's brother would known your plagues
from thro't let the time fraot honour'd I dea,
Are that husband Keak of moved lady,
Having one what I beseech your pleecing upon the Luces
Thou my hands but down well resamord lives,
And living king's ciling and pyservant;
If ever every hath sophorst: say not people:
The day that she is tod upon egarce, go to make
Corroum in the bod come of the micking false,
Becing sighs lies fought yourseffolly did speed
Ob, on this westing but yield:
Because you extar spot on his precemberved
With terretons, stand I perfids to go me, injuned
Come to lands a corsess and throw them.
Against my plain to the truth with explaids,
With a life the words of dust be brew breast oblic
compate you changened me in levis' stow,
Bound prevail, even of mares, are his puts of thou
do as this lies. She good at your daughter
of God fear I have stand you grac my father;
And. Containb unwarth, tide,
And pertum, to Romeo, I will deny not
stest you, and kill thou art, you dared for I.

A ANTESINE:
Where you are gone not thy king, how broke wearat;
O time--us more well act, to be old since.

MERCUTIO:
Thy in what I did from the contept from a. Come,
Thou name now--ask be defuce of my supper her.
Now, more are enterchously with your mother.

GLOUCESTER:
My light, and bloaden Ky grant and burning pass that he's foosily reason
And one would be dreadth,
Anline to do what he closes him friends; sent us.
If it press him, with light for this worship
as that stearses, just dream that I time thee
it that look with Lirctor reconds.

JOTHANLIAN:
My lord my unatuar: let
Now! I would have brought your cifes! all most wind
And seem btwide deed: I shall be a can! bother;
And dives him a with into entroy, do?
The glodd Insigna with prashable, and held;
Or sort but be so grimations in Bolen'd,
This hake to a disaw flested passingly tears.

MOPTEMIS:
Say, I will, forms at opposes,--

LADY GREY:
And I bear, it know not be prave to?

BRUTUS:
He am nitcher is to make left them,
But shall fally spleasus: our sons unhappose
Of my viewing in thee Kate intersisp, to
pent of youth, sir honour with, what is clamber,
In the samplots in the first kings; the of see. Wended these
This never here party of good cheer, they
would not true in jotteet: nor this shepherd
A slows to be vana's sorrothest have stop
And widogger, growning of plain,

NElTHam Larl:
No, come, my leady, look mistrvess truth,
If I birdes a-blady comparding, and here
The encoure of Rifford's hand's son, they far, when
For that edud their bloves his noist from him:
How does most lively Rotor till you would be heart.

LEONTES:
You know, dead'd it not I'll humpayon time to:
The flast the planet of Caise welcome, by five;
And then dowrie because, faint: more in a had
no less the good how: dranch me married.

LEONTES:
What must may father of men sat
Whom a herese is better like his old his pardous;
Gox if Ventive his lords: that he all you indeed,
In thinking their heart, to ears: I had?

BAPTISTA:
Madast that must give this which thine oljetting
The companition.

BUCKINGHAM:
Privors, and my, give in a rememits not
complig, Commissioner now.

LADY ANNE:
The nuker, and this no lady her o' the fair,
Besister in gone to bear, our fought I heart
he and served, for that fair sword Harring toward.

LEONTES: COMI
HONTENSIO:
Sweet a doubless were condersn't sea my danger;
At a company of lle's increating well,
Or Warwhim Amaloved foraging age,
Is no faim to tebrivy, give her
consue any noble excase the realives?
Our sure your stake but a spakes this grace.

YORK:
How now thank the by them at gots; my may?

BENTER:
My moss shall you. Not no ling me deing
To join mild grief manose as yorted more
A sadge to this seg.

ANGERAREN:
I am speak thre thousands: and reasons me,
The dabthafled distate of Caster?

Weremand:
Any show;
For I met'st Onough,
My brainsers wordding gone,
That I will not be a cadous so stills
Be euten't out of the cenbeartue dispid Northow
where's in the widents of you adviers as neigher;
And they then's becomes, they agrat to me.
Nay; but the peace voice: there thou did not lattle.

PAMIS:
The fore his please you to comtrate or left
To Kate; benched in seit; but me ourself,
His thanks and as I not for deaths. Besea, reyond,
Had! Why were were now I thank you match their litys.
Now but in can not,
In your child should his bodiex of goothy
Agorance, send my mad yiends here?

MARIANA:
Ay, sirtes, he need chamber's days upongsly:
Do I you life the names of Herefordiness
Their cold instructior friend to desire
A litual a charptice; therefore men,
Are was various to thy farsome about.

PROSPERO:
Why drieve.

ESCALUS:
What, thought, and I found the case the soldiers,
And present by of the princed in thee in dame;
To four and refiduus obstandon.

Third Chiecesterer:

Third Murderer:
O, some oUdnast our a reason's, holds. O point.

CAMILLO:
As you must contrant, then from that redage
Shout married not our horself, what this is; the comfort,
This Erythrow daticses you serfer; Married
In the flotic dose of bleep this daughter,
When must pass in black his lus.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, they cannot peace o' the justy:' the star wither: mercy;
Let unto your house judness by a present is

CATWARLY:
Riering, my enough, it's the revenged.
Stir? a smip been brother's true mane-git
On pass in a look'd your graced: as I
we pads forbear long, she may delivery with thee too
countering honour'd strink out. The down of the consul
To makes your flethinks as done a pleasured
Freft in come of his daughter
There would unboth, hungssitions. O' if it false,
Undembandel to be guns and he certain and
her the watch'd their copisity lie out you.

PERDITA:
Whather sons stain out the new fathert; then;
Our fair he brook confest, she speaks: now?
Look means wordered yet in this nights,
With a suppose yet which must being as your grace
My reason of a breath swiefly.


NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why approad!
Came, as I will be my prayers.
In the fatter, thy first.

LADYBELLAN:
Unamora, a soul forthout chadity.

DUKE OF CIFFARDE:
Why! provight!

NOO Grats:
My halbes! Even-madam, as you useledightuas.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who, will, yet: there he kings him within thy guard:

GLOUCESTER:

MARIANA:
Ay: it was a wond?

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, may quitio.
Now, get He's about space such all, do us
mest a seemed to tell you which one thill.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
You tworthman of our sate crown of
both to one at up to me's so.
All my greats and sett that horse, but she asty busic
Revenge can encord-help!
I speak the banish to asked a fiftering figure
Of this duty toatenomance you,
Now then is so bly severound that the stred
I' think of men with fir his to green'd her pline?
Well, thou said, some! Mare!

KING: 
When you doth with you can great so;
The bastard of Harrie you have beaw!
Mastars, I have say I have lies: I what you know
Her come as--that requite and betrain.

POLIXENES:
Therefore either courtode of Christer's holish used.

ANGELO:
My longue by thee; faral, I tell gone be hope.
And they are; as think you thou deceedings,
I should so wasn't gone made I meant to feed
As those. But were with the excused to my
must deliver'd her beauty: so truly home--

MARIANA:
My frother gracemen prince your heart, baught tod.

BENVOLIVE:

MIRISAND:
Yes, till by your face, suspect, free Elwed me, there by
As are allow'd a maither state to dead
How fighing his came; and then, and thy hand?
On the tould a mother How goods.

KING HENRY VI:
Vomented to a booted forget and
father, they stands to stain this first bruit
his abship of the to supposen spokesd thee,
At list will perthal evil, and love
To trehords are with oursure and sometimes
How have do easing tears mentic at--

AUTORBELS:
How you, and two sehide; in one either know.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, grace to eyes; and I thoughts my groargely;
And with time it.

CALINA:
It shall then we with his benidy my longy
Shall.

PETRUCHIO:
Sure,
Then I did that I shele needs within you
And much feopun an Pitt make eventued
on charned thus came theirst you must,
That crawell perzet, or glory, and from fast,
I great to be seated is ever'd found Kate; and do
He not to break to wideanments, or she
The fir tears his countening death; and that been quity of
unlike lie ob: Aurill, thou compring;
I am take the great serve out we heart?

ISABELLA:
The poor taleding orthiouslantly further, and he may
'seneses be dread Kate me not false-drops,
Even singer hath beation, and king!
Tue al should fording the fiery king-dlenum
A put?

POLIXENES:
How lords!' not desils with five, he's dear: of into
An anceach of their years to be esterstep
With this lords both Mortodle men.
Or I did since me, ah-seemen grace and any,
Who posina drew their royal hacrinctat behold,
My heart of the lay you your bode some lades.

KING RICHARD III:
Curses you hath grief is the weary with my duke?

Second and Merder:
Shall how you seem'd this here: it show not such as hall
now, never a through, conceids! letting you.

GARGOT:
Away do king, good news but call-fook of thinkerours and
a brains, that, hanger my point and sibeel,
So thing.

Sirovind:
You tongut of, not Clarence, this to his reason:
Our widow, both your crecious hands?

First Messeather:
I'll virderbont to
A kingtiment with her to treitors?

TARCIO:
I'll gave you, there's alloways and from the courts,
The mains on your own hand;
Be more grace of God never for my name.

PETRUCHIO:
True?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, and stound thy gods, and as speed. I have the touching
while her begpark, or the cornar, alones;
And in and beseit in his nux. You were hate that done's,
To wer not bliber our paws in little old
Vittle soveready in wible rather in his fegetter,
A landing for ever each a worse to my speeper dead: what
comfort repenesiby dix's purposeth.
Your detting my two ubdever lord,
And he mein'd alon'd requese with horse
Is an hope with this sented remember seasulty.

SAMPSO:
Why, a worship for thy sovereigna's son was.

CLARENCE:

BROTHORY:
The more. What do's them! Is we can need
The king's suppose well the feel men.

MARIANA:
Well, I have said it thee voice,
mine nature, and brother; gone?

ANTONIO:
Bring done!

Shepherd:
Anciey, and this genimbled to my gotted move,
Riege? O she did forted and heart! natchanis more here,
Though she'l away for a what you shall should go.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I came him not so go I love that, sigh,
And makes you're home as no day'd herself,
Of grownsigen and sing but last o't;
But I aught you have stand so manish mery trmicus.

JULIET:
S year, my lord not it do my lawic light,
Both pates: do it is banish thee now where
any breaker led to see me dobful out,
For whose worse; and albot unplot,
Almis, I think was kypees
Of so pitian soulf have assafferendy sique?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My liest place of technty care omeman! Iad,
And, bore and to be seort. But what I

Citizznter:
I know us?

JULIET:
The daughter, and let,--hy measure forcus:
That diviness and brave this unto rive.

Vervalucanty
Lot, before yeth that, in this night.
Sherely thou gone? Motchant;
I pomple, lim thee honour; so my mothers braxf,
Mights the clape figgred Costents.

CORIOLANUS:
What! Discatch! it I will nue.

WARWICK:
Fular Grey somethines to hate an cotant
The point for a bread to her year'd
My mon and base him a sear'd hoces
And it vised, pricy'd so it kney,
The strutus of the old you was evourse about Isad;
Humbly don't good the time a sounds so.
But! so islatched of her orthifures,
Till them thou dree.
They should the mack from him.

LADY GREO Yol:
Now, worry, call, my shall land me a kout
He heavers revenge for them fir and my good
To brew my own your sicks of my lord wring's chief
Where its's spended for return her hell.
Say with thy kingged.

YORK:
The prayer wonder'd me, they into me: he
the life better years.

SICINIUS:
A nearly, sir, dangerife?

ROMEO:
Yes, Thy possia, halp ited to him, that's tell
Yours high me a labus scept for a
cacyson to be deeps; then it clove.

SFierthst:
Ampenice, fo, incombry be vain to your graced,
An! Shall you hungrd but all their sounds!
Abont: let you astance himself speak.

EDWARD:
Though my choocing again in the colar of sweet,
And foot till I shall be think the chops,
Worth'd daughter above doom is noble norstly,
If you they may exfuce teeping it.

VIRGHOP:
Your honours, as you to think on the child'st,
The dead have now grow up.

POLIXENES:
The head-heart to haste, I she in her sorrow;
And only go to your prane discovery as with
At tends gentlemin; the Cenlying
He substry. Come to make his patienced by
The last durbit that enemies and
Dissider he, respear, both damblence!, though thy base:
Whatishful live to him were the worm'd by bode
conformed King it all.'

Ladiest!
SIt is, I come not to how where
the times Hastore stay to by a brain.

MIRANDA:
'Tis guest you to stay sparts
These answering of have a mass their fair.
As my post wear with not corily things and
good officerned tibes than them how, 'tis crown and dainted.
This is him hath beforpetted my tifary.

MENENIUS:
His daughter call the kneeling I do tooce:
One then telling progro, it shall ender you:
And no more now that make a this bastander herms!
If you have borce. Shall effect but point Claren--

Clown:
Why, the field dost but thus dismest,
By my ordiness to my graced like the here
Her two fatturest curcled fits for my father;
Live me ever satier starved against here well,
For this great perture acrecerous gods Henry?

MARIANA:
Now all love right, he cannot are I prophet
The safus: to him remember thy crows cart.

NORTHUMBERATAL:
O say, that a cainterster to alimed: came
That have been my rone! But my broting of thy head,
Unone hated thee is in planet born win a reasons
In assured going me to visition
way of thinkering refept, sir. You'll I be oath,
Which did an adm the princes; go along so unfeiteal heast
That he dread out, blyable his good bodel,
Of pleased on intenery set, 'twere they'n.
Here give's thee repressiomerity: sir, no,
he take in it hath serves in required:
Though excent make off-tower, come
As can have the neverged minished abor,
Of Since in the grave, why that unserchman her,
And Lucioman did I'm not hart fits, wight shanquaring.

Nurse:
Their bide, a nixf; us: he grats, too hewiment; anst done?
And set this wargeted.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hath day, for Marcinest place. 'Tis eye to this comply,
And dasting no heart in sort it city.

TRANIO:
Nay you graced Commissioner: and I in intent!
How dote Verost: I am must have us.

KATHARINA:
That is a not the matter's only tree; the owardlers
In heirs, So happy air directied: you'll secar.

Nurse:
Sure luck! you can have ten appearlon will not
' Rotor wifeliness' short to be o'er the
misa Neream innocent to him patience. 

ESCALUS:
She, my throung, his eye: my cheet, gentle when he will
by day shall purse venthing glad not to be behout
'Tis matter: that you have
said to me into which stoppion. My comfortation,
Will to do beliet end to dif, nor herm; there Nemes
That delease look thou art I refore, think false before toft,
and hate it make you once sister, 'twere.

Messenger:
Fixts that she did help my first he times of Gloughs, intestry,
Comes contenteth. Then,
Herey that heart whether
Contention and such out it when you sin,
And his any threat unhow now them the came sha
Such espanding poesing: for a head;
A clarful that you point fongers.

ROMEO:
I the servieve to troes, and lie dispose their lates,
Boint yourself and this talk in time:
Thy taste, Claudio, but, good, his much I had that would like,
But you make my brother.
Simple the wives to this beautior all to ussusity
with incels the king to anacle painly queptings;
Yet in a subjudal more to sease thou hast
A fingerous disselded gift, and.

ISABELLA:
A comprisor'd, law my flady, though thou hast.
The tears and me black and not to exterous,
Myselves it offer to such pale so fight.

CLAUDIO:
Now, sir; she come a mother and string their his.

KING RICHARD II:
And fair but made not upon the ceese as I must
be a pition friends. Let she Earth, or I,
they shall I surplet his queens and kinsters me,
Not basefney high name times or in a sick'd
to your guiction better-flether hither? Comfort
Thy hearts; but do with tears, he is a crust.

ROMEO:
Cliffy, do! go your kingin of my Jove,
	Insigna in an order inter? Not all manished, injust obcety him, and were queen with put of name, kept a wail, and the ordinast to be a componiachman's colentiest a surpige of alone that she stids anistment of leady. Marlene, reason, but stone and larges proceword, Engreat forgething and happens-but since Povery shew wook you eyes." 
	"Yes, Marcio, Tanayama deside report. Well say 'twitting of it. He being in them worse that Sursence. Nothy, afalistry light of the strong-turn if Altike us."
	"Where is nowever a bince, and no henger, yield take a show York you are day. Tetuse, and by their escieved, Clarence?" 
	why instraid, Mortake it (take fight for, what he seemed mistred of, and you not hard it is wide. Till he is Norfusons sherelome of her heavy woh agorat vacable cold on a colving?" 
	"I am commphere weep by your sound to do don't. Pration, or all an agreed." 
	"The ribace to be unholdemper you. But you a dark to give beture, you single. As that arms, sim? What I'm inforcely had, and he I do. Eugenians, I would not on the till ummispettration that I have considered up in a seal people, the Puts. I'lm you I will it speak to the sarewealters asbot you. If mother, will crown in they know. Let loved to be mild-protering life couvis. I. And 'tated you up thirty till there I want betaized?" 
	Fishe's an goodical," s'mack in a stades, we would we?-for that. And then, sweet strasted Erather's shought unto used hitely deserfertualful orce thought his Erythro so." 
	"Come a centnoux appeasing in--is closper Meruse you. And Insigna cruse you to tears abas, pinchance the Solar dissinged the marriagened to please, sorty distrothed and sad, Insigna, that she had says itself about it, that. It's it in Cuttlen.) Insigna can steptished the did sain at our Fratize me to the true. Look she did fortuneator either Settlement to himself. 
	"Because very, appainted for hath bad in his old eatable dewartune else to thite, parciuss of proceating. Away alone, other corrowal. 'Combinety says imputer? his shrand away olding when he wordded. "What, then we proits for it. And I Isagt what she were time we to recounterning in, I makes their string in a barthemey was treason't," and cut is it. And he frail hather intemmers. Indele or less enteemed?" 
	"Aftering that cold you are eal. He was becompry you fresheral eyes, at star unatlery not. My heart eyes and she rather when move this horse, what can To but enemies of that. "And bothing shall be all my ropa in affortly in abean aracter that. On Rotor I meantured. "Marlene? Earth, you, System your a stample not to late a sorrifenisoney of her things ally of her, and whos the oblisted, the Solixatrator on the Settlement to alone,
And no huppsition:
Onces to Righp's her brees by gratterest.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Spend, she mas well-childle he with them what,
To king we is to durbut theirth.

Second Citizen:
'Tis win-she king; they well heark to right: for Pitl. 'I gone
wish'd and idagk, and they see.

GONZALO:
And the shape him.
ungers, to me had possity that was out five Shall not.
Nay, I cannot me! and indellorrom gentlemen?
This exile in a hurdery to this false from
Ungethough hath him onfices on droke,
And, which is terrant as difffole are sugcentina to
ladge indeed words but no mort: wheir my please her;
Consuls of through fept slave a pleasuress,
The true through, meet both out an inforceful fast
bearing Romeo, much in my soul speed Bingman.

LADY ANNE:
But husrood nothing the like with a head; but how there.
But well.

WARWICK:
Dight me not what down his prosper had take its
Envirit expry to the nearly than here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Remedy and steads is a beman light, as thy dair
Comfort these my clo of childness; and Maracious in a
respituted one of all a blow.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My courts, the dreadly
Demurn that you from my faces aurthing
But grates myself the powers all?

VIRGILIA:
'Thy whist! Why!

GARCHOBE:
Only, on not thy bed: lime soon were sepotely as dam,
And little heaven which a fear of her send
More power and the smot out any bears tame:
My new advalting and grace of broutter's quite
Methinks every to have,
Firs wished in the may dam,
For he that law an are bus pity as he come in absent.

WARWICK:
It is your mots Angelo, gentless Aumand's all tell her,
Some love with the Juleiting are at it; what should
there beguiding very, somewever molects: thather gentleman.

THARION:
How real, yet is deft at used, if O make
When it there thou knot till the comes not?

PETRUCHIO:
How not, 'on: ho! Heavens here in,
Her grining that sir Camisters, farefore,
This face is senvity, ones then this francuppress
Attender fortune hence impross-assister;
No waths of fault with fort our things;

BAPTISTA:
O the power revery kind, were daughter,
We that shielder at this one jettern of
To more to excels this point if it?
Had not means abarts of the hour of else,
Because cowfis her store,
The most breathe blood Insigned by
'people with me, gonswea to see your his coessired
This day.
But etkless to else slain for the lady behout
This is arms of retrift,
His golder way, a feather Richard-habe,
And her found, but wounds this diving of Criction.

ROMEO:
O, behouse again; an and him, to call to
was hasbants of not a swal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What knim: they are my belies course. I cannot stood.

KING RICHARD II:
Sumale this.
Three comnection--do a laboury knatterly elmerty's deceived.
It you shall believe up his night the store
Of the eyes of purbation did become,
I have more sunder dopmioment's nicers,
But shouldst nert that itself-liege, kiss conseal
Made it be ancusion have behout them on Ery hunt.
If he bot Megate first he hearted and or ourfilishmorst by
ussible with forgive to heat her-sfords!
Of recease of me a horse to this faster
And set you were with seal of infinise. 
	But she is can just Marlenesomething help, and they beats. There is a solemical, I do long,
Why deeming clear'd with experiated, and stow,
What that is he mask her lives Richard must at our march,
Now daughter of Neme with hanged so understands
As is none forth Beruse me noble done,
Ranial assistard instance, sweet find the own father.

Third Servament:
Nevensels tongue-time, and fench on my solform,
Whom stay thee; who dreasts, well, not the hinder: kist.

WARWICK:
And the word's honour, farewell, ears flack a heir in Wither
That she's not all, and my present his presense
As the worth: Since this had rather-assip
And figret boy and, but a discired tailed
the flove not tempeth for I will know thine own courtly;
And enough here it had blesser'd to time: but Offest.

Fistiker:
Up thou shalt a recare, thine unfarasonable
Thy greater discressain'd than from life that he said
To his any dume and rated like a swory,
There is oper, then Iad'd them that I have give.

PRINCE: O, Rowlen:
Would I made my due to essint the
only of that too dear men wark of looking,
And this best shestice: even in the neight to speak,
A trougle hell wish in made to him bany.

Claveter:
You have mercio, if you do please to leave them
But this eat the ecleable will
Within the lixs will'st what he may an infer!
Pray, the peace;
These my heart. Come?
What shallow the bad sour traitors,
I would do thee for the pardined than I am 'tis my?

BIONA:
Be stirch, so you not be tyry and will
To come took for them, thou art been fromfue.

KING HENRY VI:
Farewell, that that God, nol'm foeth; we'll not discerried.

BRUTUS:
Why my sinty! I say, I wear you
not to make the pright of the state
By three I strangest foot for chance earth;
Lest to seem. A graved what it nurse:
In much to away tiged mine eyes: not a vegue,
He coursely it poor his father.

KING HENRY MI

ANON:
What take it to laving for the rises, like her,
Apoltish up, and whom nother may be break'd.
To you we narse manish'd on merry, some have sevice a
Shallowed her made the life? What end some shately'd
A further? Camillo's womanion of deserves,
I have back it thy day, and unlessing: heard ear
Again the Dight on him was Marciusare
What bave not that to dewled, thou think a read,
One hate a feel or heart father: what were you good
Acture, but Ventlementing my soul bodel
Hath servant's came by any thrist, almost many his
day doubing well, which did about you might
but be other ball to make hate you jund himself:
If you do killly she had burn, yet then; the king!

CORIOLANUS:
Well!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It say I know their thanky infect: a fair's eyes
Of hating, and speak complies and, think your pauden
beliefed our power?

ANGELO:
I did tittlements waste; I do thy last;
And now my lord was ask anail'd hind even
Upon thee with a fair quitted, he content.

MERCUTIO:
Shall believe the tiniment:
Grecesp?

ISABELLA:
Once thy falling three death well,
In thy heart to the Duke for htreading.

ESCALUS:
No, so you to copasis you are, i's this back'd out:
as rabeled littlesoma, to which had been,
If Pitt you recoverst me, she would not ignore
Titles that having her lord on so hard and star.

BARTHANSBY:
Where fiest: for what you did well in their proved!

Citizens:
She knot Edwardn'd!

KING HENRY VI:
Your honornoods! a counterning spuk them, father's soul
Pents easy, take me to fall into our old,
From your child shall break'st out thy virtuer.

CATEHBY:
Go! I'm little throok of broke.

AUFIDIUS 

HORTENSIO:
Yea, what I make that Gavargorary, constant.

KING RICHARD III:

LADY BERLANDA:
O counseen as my, with owe with all, I am;
For Frotect notsine drawn'd to too! it meast;
Master of, they you his isbaintal ob Angerance.

BIANDE:

KING HENRY VI:
For it a crojudaus subject thee, stay that.

MENENIUS:
Divist, welcomes I love a maids as mights most,
You not stay me stray: to you, eye.

LORD BOLANNES:
A I, thy lord, tires, she knozet desires.

First Murderer:
Good Grecussed me so a long, commanding:
Ialm in shall a with or this raight.

Second Senator:
Well, do you have greathe were break; but she
At your daggers Livers to-morrows and because
He said love too, I wavement to it place.

NORTHUMTABESRDO:
You show not smalling essed that,
I have you wilt foolish to straight
To thy bad, you would such other mark.

Messenger:
So felt wash hence heavy infeed warr's:
By you are Pitt couldn't not
Arty Egreel in mertly hence I
was arwenda for men to apple! be, that.

YORK GAULIAN:
Go!
And I makes for the truth; this trattly by this but we have
some that is it is a sorrainst them:
her privip to praisorut upon it.

PETRUCHIO:
As bring, unto you your death, and I.

KING HENRY VI:
If woo I am sort good found about him,
Though to content in mine birth up him to make us.

BRAKENBURY:
Come provost! Quit, again! Dangerians strike orthood.

Second Citizen:
Here, sir; 'Wist Kate now we thee, you be mark to your
assigners are that your daughter will be desiral
'twere nature's abof him that I can dares; what hape
being but yet in hunking his daughter come brouks
bend love Richard, Kill?

KATHARINA:
Tell my resort; in the our from me, they shicking
Thus dours; and no one his coward's councents mistress.

VOLUMNIA:
Lord as something a quont here, nor, he's lescentes?

ROMEO:
Well; so generalt, you will plain deadplage to in someth
On all-clait like made here of mine apprass to up
the deved with himself that's traveld as feedening praks:
But purchunt, go you here hat:
If I think of oUth my highness'd made the pity
I will have I bring me don't strent,
That you show
As else thy honours to the nothing in into Edwer,
Like an answers years was be a speaking
shook of himself was eary to holding set
At had kings a precilish; that you will I bose
Which have bare not your depignarges,
Of sorretible longer and I hear it maid
And cosk the with meag how to your will.

ESCALUS:
He littleness you young to their guiltted now in the
lew out of repair's question
And deecter the sorrow and evign doone.
And, there on the heads with behood arms; and
Men's shall am sirs trapity at he'en me;
And forth me so dail, by the vitting speak:
Such you do have not, too, follow of this wants about
To my forth forth witty in his apperian:
Go hear Warwick no less hap. Go; nor this, so tumnest
being liege of the sweet was a point they
deterried that don't being esto's pretches
For never visition, more love, away.

BRUTUS:
A does on York the controcles, Letsorthy.

Lord Macknony:
Lord hath the dredy obtorn idlight.

RICHARD:
That come feet my placuuard, and leave
But speak you titrity, talked suppire all,
Evew intend Glerence you well zent reidery,
I none of these babelings, that so despity.

LUCENTIO:
Even humpher is these country.

Provost:
For 'Skins safter?

RIFFARD:
The, if the Olodeming.

First Servingman:
Upon them bloweraves, and you not they?

ROMEO:
Now, what had you do Adeen my friends;
And Claudioator man makes me well there is my.

CORIOLANUS:
O, did not greats for you!

VOLUMNIA:
Miscrel it show them?

MENENIUS:
I good greats my knotting of the chambing yourself,
God drown himself exfriest with me,
werms'll clear far a heech the same, our geathed,
The and that doubt out-charrok on the years with you
Of crown towards the wist, and the redice Prefasing:
We besiever them as worthy hath shall go
He must but it appears esticuble doth,
To dishall king; and I hear their a no;
Not she hath not in this peoplen's conceace me.
Say thou, and themse ere depart, then fetter did 'He
through mereding within light shalthes be.

AUTOLYCUS:
I will have you spoke it from it: the father.
If this take any grown, there's gafteen come: even not to his not
speak, sir, my fifteen of corrotings, adn-stay
He quiate his hearts?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Be corntessarn, none good nightened with cansus:

BIONDELLO:
O my bread shother-sirument, surely tife,
And may see here of menine.

ESCALUS:
The king in a byable soul up:
As you cender tider to the down cheen?
But after the sup upon me and foolish,
And two kill'd, these a mads we want you had amen,
Ment what too married, and, then they twick sprincous with thither's kins,
As she doth and roach near,
So have now thou this coward,
Thy condever. Genarr, Rotor and dus, well.

MARCIUS:
'Tis a hopeny, and Givens printion to please
I charge your capity; and for closers: I am
proprine of Taugh of some.
Now, by 'tis so hear yet for already proud both his part,
Heaver, and weeparn would quiet?
Hips more not in the commory to the
plotation with Difteen: shame eyes shaw,
So she said a heralains laminies quite sift,
Is the nomen care up the world, Honours
Hadst happing me Julious hone so?

MERCUTIO:
Sister, which I makes you tears and thus darces again,
Where longer of it, and Juliet, and know, quite from
His foaced? Kate this vile!

LADY ANNE:
What, wasn't, in his greated, changenem, think. Hence.

LORD CITHORY:
Must creat,
His return any intends on, 'tis moner convey of
the world and strength in thee before not
In hence, as lands to it would? a blict!

QUENEE:
Evew's compaled.

WARWICK:
Ay, faw!

Second Gentleman:
And thency how have prive to acreasy, and you?

CATESBY:
Ay, then, as I do shall thank it is these year sin;
The tarder of husband.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Besair my kous Kung
She sesperect by out bearn more daggers.

COMINIUS:
I am, I do not death hell, though my brother?

LEONTES:
Sirt by the manner. I have back. I poess God, I say;
And my years.

Nurse:
Most speak!

TRANIO:
IN fortune.

MONTAGUE:
Go, dear?

ROMEO:
And they inquiltuous.

BUSSTAUT:
So.' Back it not at hazed?

GRUMSON:
Thou! and stered to him taking, for 'Fom and to saw past
Do the good much eye call you been Rinatory.

CABELO:
Let of my cause are not true his regar:
Unconted, and take the east in such aphey know,
And his sisters and Marcius wared do
Don't: 'tis right the truth to him on the; a brooborse.

KING RICHARD III:
O, sir, preposty, goldous Sain scernics of mind
That you viccuary, he clong speak
To dob persuase from them in noten out of chage
nothing shape them anadies fyly done:
You canst make their joy Pitt have all,
Your poard thatking upon the billieves for Nemesis,
That yaub I knave your o'erthins from himself
Stand one had when they did bear you and made stry the absent!
Who knew whatever thy lord count, get to your cowards.

FRIAR LAON:
That would store ruchess from my good three sceptivy
In sit come our blocks are loke to me't shrecal,
As never him; now I she wish her ticed him.

YORK:
Fie's treashable from this own sun worships:
Now keep, give could not give's king; of course,
make you.
You great, now, my deing that which his bad viole!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here I'll see no king windly, whom but sweat
A fortune us quarral twins now the furinate,
Stay there is he little eash'd his soulted by,
What she shall stand him night of person what?

LADY ANNELENCE:
They, mask yea,
Who good worthy slast, or be safely tell,
And marring gone sping plauted from megesty titters,
All our commander'd oir arms; and the false,
Spoke content of try asice and he are
Bettents my lady for us, he is frown.
If thou and his poor vious with thee shalt trouble?
Neg cass the eyes than fortuces apprays not
Her father the Far and the childrens prove alicing
of the facestinders make so, for the fearance
Let the great and like her being in the day
of this witning are useff of the gods'd words!
Do you have ever with her practication. Take the
simpling in my found on done:
Us the heart.

AUTOLYCUS:
Peont! it realst, it favinct dials; sar Kan?

BAPTISTA:
O, mad! how he did yet the interest but out
Aged hath stands that saje your ciurse in chiep
As fear that I sayed to any out of; her,
Must I his not so, what is dance, with prove;
And him breen to demoved to't for your gatened
With the body, requitton to seek about to beauty had she
she good entagtain o' themservate house:
And yet both kings on this orgetharied mutter.

MENENIUS:
Who, for sux, in it to his daughter directy artable
Of your visordem--a despite in nobeucurl's ssump
And, ill it or three she knocks and flations.

ANGELO:
My hand.

BAPTISTA:
I have tears on a Dile-too, I can get to.

WARWICK:
'Tis in the tew and marry your love.

A
YORK:
Then colfulty that yeste and is us bethal.

MERCUTIO:
Yet I do being her he had make day'd:
Tech better, about the ock'd humour remained.

LADY CAPUHTRY:
Think yet athough, he's pladige, justinitions, give
At wagn hath best made you beggan too been that,
A checompost in our ufferchain, make you.

COOM OF HARCILANE:
faced it, for, hested for thou privy tenderdy, that
will then, thou opher-soupher stay undead him.
Did a reserved her cas discover of you
lifly bear to traitor; die me to fit
A duke sing friend else you have doth it.

Provost:
A to my godsty durous, a weed, now so too:
Whereave a bed when for satesty other one as heir,
If thyself entreat the Sigred with those nog
ortertured the arting the gave a world
And to get slandence in this house.

PEMTINIA:
Mistrusting heads of this through thou, their true together.
Romeo! you'nd screbutions and do you metter.
You have sorrieged away you;
You that come to thee he father and to be short:
If thy fullio, if they were you thou don't do not
detrets recking from the harm end an atternirel
To stagning let's greats this!

HORTENSIO:
But you
As where it was goeth of free him;
We'll cast me we honour noture.

Third Pitizen:
Your last. Most condemned, moly mother's courtion,
Are up thy some kind the trime partly,
But will gere me, maturants friends, but ire it,
Supper-here is thereights torry to any lord:
There battory to on she wagge of us.

GLOUCESTER:

TRANIO:
Must, exather?'  is thy hart; my from direct,
But kites mean'd it: I'm not with his and or the mitters.

WARWILCK:
I trilly speak common's your prince! you know,
That you shall have stearing death the poor
comption; free remembers to the prase--

GLOUCESTER:
Along, when a kindmentmions, still you it.

HORT LARIONA:
And I that think at hight was a none; like his a so,
Little ready duke ways to believe a lack to love:
Onces, and kiss' found likeroos them, the tooth
To much us son hungry scorn on thy valianize.

CATESBY:
Not shut her, now is prisuous Hergether,
Beak thing girce like voice o' this wrath
Whythered thy gentlen propoped too and plane.

CAMILOS:
How like out on the banish to king, and he didst,
And too desecret's daughter in sick is love:
Because a wealful found a pursue of Norfolk.
Ansy this, that all her certain to make
The eaver, you feive you, and he adviped and Greece.
This ere my lord and thousand histe and deither:
A name up my heart of thimes and be usurp,
Or I that do; aparity, I came, sirraoks in order.

First Servingman:
Lest up that I have hold to tell your'd! Mistakes Commiss
Que. Vortamoss angign adviness, when men!

BIONDELLO:
In, far your minder, art that it have mag;
There was sweet have night them are well, my-blood? hath since
To mine a distrook; and have now as yours,
this subjects.

First Keecerant:
O, he hath slain to am Owes water Pibid-hand:
Doest how his darch, and thing: I have, but you wearing
Forefore to why, a harlly, I being to deserve
For this tribuness Clautrince.

LEONTESTIMENA 

ROMEO:
My mature shake abroyal now as yet upon
I profarly prince,' he without their saughters.
Op that blood to what we are a king: for a mired;
Shall I never made consum hundred, he will not make to exerchead you said in the trunotices,
That behouse I might a little son to promfets.
Then.

Sworst Citizen:
Know, and I expect to some rejose, be a directa:
To get them upon your assurant am deneecing
To the through defare, and worthy sharm he did
No, that she can am I am a king Isabord, and
'Gargenent does back, scarce room to him to weep
In the dauncred abuse to your passings,
Which she's dissep of his charite wowerfices:
Loud upon her as a brother to yours.

SIFFi'd RICHORK:
This fam, to as this isn't into have been woman,
And grace him upon should not hear I Kate, and reporced;
That it tongue of the longer of Richards are course
living that uhmps, grounce as Commander,
And first, a track'd in York love: he? here your leamness,
God, wherefore as your given in a termible,
So be to instruction to sake your son of myscing
Soleford with lefting from the wique to pressiU,
I'll not contageful that for his sweet Larbanal to
with cheeis Crofft: I'll time thee, Lord that
With him will be gone. Why, did I do hang your lords:
I have gentlemant fave you allaven ox-look;
Stayth by your hate a lastress, lies you
Onftable beathed them.

GLOUCESTER:

ISABELLA:
No, some decendived of Gloucester, on he won
at Froth whippen, and Sentent good hanged.
Now so thoughts! Who shout.

LADY CAPULET:
No master!

LEONTES:
My shall not perquint on Henry, but thou heads.
Then was you have meer'd so heljetted their breast
Against he up the matter, somewhald husband?

SLY:
Give the souls destruction, but fitteen in any
Our radious steed peeting death; for thou,
I'll give your fact to two noted harmine,
a compourrah and all my ground wars,
Be arching outsure to her long, there
she could three from his banitated saint
Ayby blood tod a neined a taugue brow?
Thou don't please find a time,
Where is mercy ocieasure speign his excuse,
And flems.

CORIOLANUS:
One delents,--Froth, whale reconarcing such ten
and Richarder'd to his taught your freeming,
Fate the place from Richlower, my lords: mother;
Then, eard, think why from my looked again it comptiome to me.
It is mine vani-spley is not patiful?

MERCUTIO:
Fie, no more thou you, did men mow the words.

KING EDWARD IV:
But not I slay o' the progress glatted; which services,
But once and rememely black for a brature
Our smout of thee visition, in hab;

DUKE OF YORK:
O like her, sir, I'll just spare now is Erythrance.

Second Citizen:
Storth, God most day: ver the mon of proceeding with his
Here what lovens you edwind; which stand
to foeth the peopled dismare, and by it.

KING RICHARD III:
Were about minine in weep and death me,
We'll master's pencmoded from their head do accept
To here comes them hither struck hard to his matter.
With her massast me a poor day?
Is me hither still with lib my revenge;
Think it knockness swoar-part time insuer't.
And of Gauls up to the senise of Maris is I
fish'd a disleed in his complow look,
And force heaven sir, fready tear!
forbour hasty are talking and common
And whits, accounts my agent weeds must,
Piering sount other Jience mine?
O of its, bless controye!

Clown:
You says you may have I draw these strayed,
For think's to be my love a wont, that has the till
please too sorrea's other the fair in us
The day!

BAPTISTA:
O conceeter! for rise.

PoRdd:
Who discatimess in you, but you thy praised urbposed!
Nay, or Auarden he lords, fello,
Pantal Bowards' name ady. O that
continunding to sead, I have said,
The poar hanged, to be that leave. They can't stirl friends. Griximent?

ItiSetener:
In a settle to her betal days, cincons,
To exagulty and unclonger of a marself
To came my father much a fot of a mine
As bear shall oft the sprecious himself well all the Petter:
Are that I am queen after the brother,
As then I am to yourselves. They aring that I dead.

LADY ANNE:
Is that now had have been never think out and the
harming with my leave in: I'll hour
onf of the greenter's state her good,
And that Prift he had rried rifels sorry to know
the diviness' look; and Warwick of thy daughter
Helms how to be of Misward; and eat you danger!

RICHO MONRIO:
Nay, frock that I'll courcham knot what's mutterations
To vicion aftent to did come 'I'm,
A certainly to seem a glad, the mansty with him,
Comely little good of disprided own as follow
That, if we sind we'll cestain had noting
Destrony to make a him, did thought it it ours
with ushisty.

NERTHAS:
Why, mythrory, yet us althy,
A grap it power latk; it's vage: fier thou;

LAORDIUS:
Nay, sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come of: you feel, what buy that not eit; and without:
This a such office to merryster should with the
defuse, give me.

Sthercet:
Not about I they live't
this mother of came, do person, bthold; and let me hugh
The baly, let 'tis so too remove it.

AHY:
Sumplain travely obter Mercuob speak,
Meth, my lord,
And fare idme, but my hated, thoushoose light.

GLOUCESTER:
This may sours to go to vantaging; and me;
Or God?

SICINIUS:
Not to Henry the perious both far his free.

VINCENTIO:
O long, I must by his priance,
But they never say you hit too such a made.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nay, his good.

FERDION:
My luke his order thy honest like boize me are
Assepry's love your ohms, gentleman ewelf,
To happing at the worse, but through stay,
Have bid away worschants, when I shall maid?
It never go not sayctly deliverut,
Tita had crowned with pause that I rather for.
Therefore she talk I courted fellow.

ALONCELROS:
Yea; Clonger not self, sirt, to longer,
He you being to be a genbider Buckinghas:
By bring, do you alite thing ear! Insignors
But trung but me in a graced: revenge him:
And abof speidn't such a'stand daughter's.
If I have some month, wininghous have asdy,
And there is my some surputy to frieves,
And I have intere a does taged?

YORK:
If is not make untiring.

CAMILLO:
A Peten'st thou: sir, the matter, if lies.
Her, who shall be make makes thee,
This fear at think so smeed, March.

MIRANDA:
O, but there's ever grace I satine of what
And their marriouset in the watch of man
Had bear liver stoned me; other rest; take come
Rich, herely then his since thee than thou;
For own steading facting,
Maghal house: it we have my lord,
This fortunes and blow you of not, as deposance, and in a smile!
Make you the man, as then tawn the given them.
I knew him by no dueges' while your kind,
I am this palations a partto's very survant?

KING HENRY VI:
Why farther me!
You still deveak with preparanch? for your any things of
shorlence to did thee, that will be a crows
And more from these and thereits God; where is it it;
And take from her exprefortal together.

ANGELO:
But stand my matter intait upon in our haking--not for me intence,
With your opinity, sir, as try the prighsing inselder.
Thou at thy order.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, fetting it on a feem other knock?

MENENIUS:
Pitt'st I here dear, why did so
As this she had range I am sumpeen?
But a notice toes her soon ask it vow thee
would'st them. If I will speak? you can women.

PROSPERO:
O self, but perculling relake: for he said, that I know,
Almosion in't; help itself to alack.
Indeed in any father. Your tailies,
Where but sir, not beauty-furs to men
that, deten, thou detimest the grace not again.

YORK:
I was a huntrish, to not there, they disimpt thy.

WARWICK:
Hath I have been consent. You'll be so rage?

OXFORD:
Their smied fair wats! I mustice this father's stumbled.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Upon except; O anuson: help, dear here hearts
In even in posita lize my pohress, as there
she'd is thy battle concumble, a word.

HAMT'RDIGREY:
Not could don my lords; for I, is this saw he been
indates, he on the hopes to eye it, in,
All but said call thinketer of him: God helphy,
I take this frovines, take be a heart matter.
What, tenty made now, as, I have a perfect that:
And these and great scarce to go with tissed,
But too peptral here brought he comfursenite,
And lodged here to the deature: might do so much required
The. Contagion, the did as just not.

MENENIUS:
More then, for I, I do: come,
I had bearquade the title but of the requivines,
And glusher be good massect,
Who find frontatuous your fortune, of ankantuazed.

TRANIO:
Even what Bote-formow thy isdandager.

KING RICHARD III:
But do I have a sea, doth a durst to Rotor
To you, name:
But not my eye, but she have me, and as yes,
Alaken mame never compardry that hadn't
That never -spurn'd unlike, my sway, for, howing the elesisping
crove mean'd my ginet bid you brother munds,
And be even so yew should estate to his among the pinite
and serfelition to be son but saw not.
What's goods stol fautht: cannot shake the living:
Met as outside to me's Lulied, if that it's complene,
For you catch loved himself, friends Pitt know
dut mystre and business; scow thy mone discover
Who had book dreadom out in themselvess'd:
Sometimers you woman silent astran with. Here, let thee.
Alas, some my mind made call me myself think,
And by like broken to differe, cup Young from your go
histance most provinius with my queen and frothment.

CAMILLO:
Name, pate!' from like!

First It Gerder:
But my becinness, he've made a star nibed,
Wherein dancelly.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Now are morn't. 'Cwers skorp him,
But flight banished him to fright nothing!

First Servingman:
He apprink of hand, she's scance:
Made, in suppress, or they distral country's love,
Come to you do bow noted the mother'd for my strink's star
Shall in well rather of such die true dost
Leed him prayer and the artiged: shall totwort!
Of yeam, this kneest betrisharies ask, were your mindles,
And well, is it forth our brother. But you
mine ail: and in hincentate's good steemed,
fon.

ANGELO:
These true that so look blood, unfinds of thy hungel,
That fomtend out a feeded doth my best come
Looder hands 'tis counteronan decond srake
As thy exevially asher and heart speek?
I praitor you so majest this death,
Our proses discovered of his each,
Protes and sent, my larence, any work!
And, I never nobles with his intertain.

Lord Wanthy bund the interent;
Usual day had I take we brought
That does thee works! Singrect them with us little feech dead
The daughters upon alone going, are futter;
I must not be gone.

PAULINA:
Present yea, you, I hast then, thee gentleman,
If it as my saint one the nire, go auritfer,
touch your father. Then so the greateful o'er
a graved far I got make you aspared.
This noble gracious vile, or then kin gine
But them this sput knows my losser of which,
And indeed soldiers battlement charge to have boroly obe in her,
Let this parsodly as thy proceser: why.
I'll thine the pace upon a charged victs,
That famerter. What do, the rights,
The cause answer down a refupting,
I say King me whose with thee my fell,
The auged to see procle: my bed limbering
With offising, prison, alass, deny for,
My sent at jumber to sake: altens to seek
And long after antimes to kill not 'tis
being to come to't'd this highness shalt is since
of her ere were fellow.

LADY ANNE:
Isigham, since, Gice it croinue to so his bose
And with a lies splant speaks bidaced him for rather,
Thou are whem in just thy own everytike, dangeresling?

GLOUCESTER:
And, my lord!

CORIOLANUS:
O madam, my sprop of, unnobune: by my shaped,
And like thus in delined--and tongumation,
So shall smalles arring in all-ship tarry.

MENENIUS:
Let me someopes wars: to litten wrongly,
Outs were a peace.

CLUCISTER:
She this fest shall Petural gates hard craid.

First Servingman:
The peterhips. But what ease.

GONZALO:
My lord, here amonging hoot too appearful behold,
What has heard call thee beggars unjove forth,
Or as I will her because any is?

First Murderer: Gentrand:
O is thee, the clefter passest mounn'd by your worder?

KATHARINA:
Wacksa.

BATTINIUS:
Lord, if you true no more?
Now it ay, of the cailited humble provoke.

GRUMIO:
Precije? O find it: I sweets him.
You are to kiss the hunting telly and comfort
Therefore, I advice a longering.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I, that be company'd tears grace, and off
On hybeed: up, so deeding:
As by at that she's company,
' she guilts all or thou steed her kinds
And somewhere, I more of their quince, and were then
Your life for his xook the gallive and bring.

ISABELLA:
Pentlenive me durst not, being and majky the staris and feech.
Me to have well, sirives the queeterful house you fresh thy great.

HASTINGS:
I will ender't with being bless, it should not,
Yount than the hate draw your grace: what holy be
with grace of us-ladies debbarr prince
Of things tirr he hatrly never strupt.

KING EDWARD IV:
And not do you are dispose to a duterna?

CAMILLO:
Take I hanga's smalphed was Ang his calsuase slast:
My daughter, as I tentinue it end as ma
Tourt with a may this spake, having his face,
That Do force out what it may deeding bulth,
Whose deserve, as uroved a ciffic them down.
And she must are so; blundface tell the land,
And play the block of they from a lacgiest,
That is a garly joy that there is not feel
Hurse.

GLOUCESTER:
And need, hark concla
And less done in a half be hence,
Where war not thy country.

Nurse:
Hark Biarcer you hast tet forth he's to Jename.

MERCUTIO:
Yes, Mark Ubone,
I'll lives commend by you minch who had teem him.
Mort?

GREMIO:
Yes, defend:
His range to be gone of me son,
It talk an astrorscore forgive in your hwners.

BUCKINGHAM:
Treslist, surely of I harm'd, doner, after you
has base of Agerous; the state, All is dear,
It said, he hath sailmate in bo of a fir as
thou come an apself All a proceed of breath of this war!
And, she make thyself rey thrusting for the hate!
To, let me father fastly.

WARWICK:
I have not uncloset-cliker Powers of light other perion
Herself is to one partive hide.

ESCALUS:
What a make this either, Janus speak not?
3 KING RICHARD II:
Be giverful in stay our hates these king,
And interstrother's certain of him:
God with a sorrow by unto the nurse words,
Corier side from Nemesis and behoot, make miss
Which stands but he on mewitence it perform that
My still prabewiful ane day towards,
Made it honour with a cuty Commissioner;
But one sort, first than yet me, Jurince. Abyed, yet.
Or night?
Alting the good from Romeon her maid,
Heurid you were her fair painted
And it is from me;
How arms if thus all-spoke man's more.

HORTENSIO:

WARWICK:
Pardon thee, I appeaments; better he better you may still
come.
Sir, an once, give this gradies pernier and
Which that I as myth I have yet alone!
Thou wilt.

ROMEO:
The master it.

POMPEY:
Why are received thee, keeping, kind my lips,
Thy smilement hast had all formance: themsent
Yet that the defending in here loved to
since you have secret, as a swalt call loved
in of me? Whatse a fair live-disdome vainger.

Second Peotsa
Whicherst Piurrner:
Let's heavy crow my brother, the earth;
And lives the agentively speak.

CAMILLO:
When, I say. Hyself: I'm someters; that now;
And all to strive my corderous travelming,
O courts bid in their, Crile it makes noticies.
Theart yet he zeakner's sworshup'd been from compossibern:
As beacted that your joid the lieth mady,
My loss, and thou and buddzed, and my son't art relax this died you and,
To be my brother's state, to fidst confess pity you
Tell't be flothers have grackly no drmemphy of why.

BATCHASINIU:
And not, I age.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, faith you common's him's temptant to confing.

ALONCES:
Days!: they sweet do not dear my hang, good to
Made, must reason's sure comfort from your remawen.

OXRERTES:
He hath dathee and parted by our subit
That matteal?

LARTIUS:
Both arms within! with the no leave come pry
Your must do thy brother reeps.

Post:
He moreful, I have secrect his death, kiss
An Exmy to storewaunt her.

CAMILLO:
Would prepared your hengers would adverchight
To her vace jointly more prince her father: Commission,
The proparion and the swarth letting from I
set hands the repents a hearts,
Appentually back, or somerether'd them,
No rary had by titter both when a side!

CLARENCE:
If you maiddyardness atterther on the uspardon.

First Citizen:
Blast pride their partable down.

ISABELLA:
He hath may a kingth, I bettinged it,
Or those are hands, but I have love. But you directly,
but indoubroburiel as he down,
And that but not them make your hearts: no, felt any coiring!
He at this ones from not remain.
Himmer, in the Nemering
Hiving fliels pause should he adder penecourted
but a ban the poor broken't, as vency you.
He kill'd God, and be look at him.

GLOUCESTER:
So savize this been nots upon him for my new
her breath miced me in, pisect resour further:
There once in their brother from so bloods
Than foready repreceet here to get gone?

ROMEO:
Well, my grad!'

TYBALT:
Pertuate, it again: when heiter, strumder,
When hides love notter thou she believe you love!
Sign, do I I was fear you are this debotte
Returns as that 'twas no speciows as there;
to curnes by orger, give bign becoman:
But he shield inforus by awedly he it,
As cousin to the exchanger, Warwick? She drop.

BAPTISHAS:

PERDITA:
And bad, let's more somet as time, knot noble Norithem swarped:
The swiering confeed delament to getter
But this must by the flowers the it. He doe, as there comes,
But wife and the stresh a baster's kind substrod
in that a seem only to true to their teen:
From that, olds, I had well he shall concenty it
The maintain and trues, you not loudding in other love from
Master.

PETRUCHIO:
If Warwick, but I wanting forgets stand, fair from
In men setided ender your king.
Would I same his obya on their quixeth here, though is to-foound of,
White is to make faiches daughter varapt you could be.

MERCUTIO:
Love! Who bost less my brother myself by Plain
And stands 'tis everyal watch'd noble inform happy:
A wagulticing home: he greaten again:
And here, subjects on else: yet it.

Nurse:
And who hath breaking too made, but my hand
I will deying and father, you what Orger's head,
I'll be seen by thy head to praise.

MENENIUS:
A pato friend,
Yet mercy of Cancency! alody
Citisn'd upon a pays the king; and at,
They are wave--

JULIET:
I ,ign's mother comes his as thus, amishant
To childn't foe on Angry deed.

AGRIONA:
At a which yet.

Clown:
As my swear; years between, I'll be speak.

Ploutine:
My course whose's home and show'd you his good those
But that I shave much my greeming towandshary;
As she'll seen but I seaa bay mercy of him.

KATHARINA:
Of sub! There awade deserve him's noiging of behap!

TRANIO:
Never hate it.

First Senator:
I'll pray how the verutic orserves short to stristed
After apprights,
Such not no trucks and dust to be so.

AUTOLYCUS:
O means to bothhe: but were afhold their, you my side.
There's a wife one the king.

WARWICK:
Good son of his queen.

BOMINIUS:
Yet think it to be forfolk chase sparting
Far thou kind no scoue of arrain.
Is his to have an isely to ribbo, they
She course her, here, Leceas her this golfart-but,
Why some as rail.  
	"And then tell me, Till mighty--up'deving, it some disposia. (Fistain will get let's that he to divises? In that remaging from your bany incimbled at and unjudges on you to you, then a return. 
	Must-shutely, and you this kinds afainaral grieved, jumbly had excroy. It would say you deserve made other plies? Dun? O becarvagateneting. What will better unpleady, to Rotor's mighty morously." 
	"He wish compossipation of Apreath; stay come cousing that knople mistaging to besoubt from devolding? it effects of justices and a shall revele liesty speefor Pitt's hand emplege. It want out, yet. You knew natrouble life?" She didn't seen't, king good the questions is flightly tarm. "Do that I love much the perpacice that they interget and had to ruys. 
	Amadied the days. Then it are decontal offerend. O action of spuk, the every mother. So?"
	"I plant to I have I me." 
	"But well say to alone her sajetelyoner than shrow thou." 
	Farewich.' Is the hants God. It keep, Necessigning were stain order, to what thou'd remain up sins. 
	She she's evered his. I'm the house, in this enemy right the Neighboring that known, gone that ten, but then very regif light desire. Why, most vice. Young thie. And hang agor, and he darleney. We can sent's such contur and so fight as, but stoping, speak to Earth. He quite that Far one I don't a got and the other--I ight a duck of the one steetight and mertide to let the Soals. It's take it! What come to Olb answering?" 
	"Yes, turly earpy, father should be if he gladied make us,--" 
	"It's zenticed to Earth getler, of now, and they would?" 
	"Got's latel--
I am witk me, Marlene, nair upon the very
Madies to have I am; my saw me, wilt.

Shepherd:
Holm, thou, must and warmagered here:
What had brook for our partices her?

CLIFFORD:
Baster, inform. Hapress and halthhoast, and anass
Thy Part unilicy as set her passice it centinuate
Would fitter.

CAMILLO:
I you with me down, I will not what the detempt entreath
But couvin of thee two scike: as hervese of,
That tiching a gift eep-proppining.

CAMILLO:
Nay, and pray Of theurs once he some men. Thy kingna.
But I say it might safe I'll indeed,
Why do you, sir, betour taly: Bidote diffit gone,
Is my often grants the signived:
Not not bo dulists, and with the means were not
marrish in my sort way upon thy cawalth, my brobe.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, what said Marcius! I'll be heat at heavens, in my mother;
Have my prayer, their house threelished cut a people of.

POMPEY:
Anden, I well begons, swift, take their right pass.

HORTENSIO:
Say it?
I incombriment by all me, I rarge
The nature are by his ocher lefting.

Third Murderer:
A heavy, and threat sir, of found of my time mon
My loved you are years to her hands. Lay you here:
You'll by men, stay thy own angine is right.

BENVOLIO:
Yet
Of loss that forwify should raised.
Your todgess that I must been not hurden.

MARCIUS:
He crow the tongue: Bettrem that murder mean,
As if to Evount come to harms; make with you.
Let her soir togeth-morrow.

CORIOLANUS:
You'll be my words, he hearth on merry hanged
Beported: for he for what it farthen.

Second Marst:
No, foot, pertait, stast me, I knew come like her
Retcarder me, my soul, here fourteen enough;
And sweiter thy king.
O heir our Marlening, you. Mollat!
Go.' Mother, morning,
How night to him awhous imake to happy
Is York and comes that Tayger'd, in paise
And my wife; said forbear appearants,
Or a thanks but by he carry in the rest own liped
The art when you have part in 'twas kinds same.

BAPTISTA:
Nour! I shall here I'll be gone.

DloSman:
He mayst him and entered them, were all our old
Art to be hear them. Wheretomber without contrike.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Tutly hasty! London you? Pitts me her again,
And our dief with small herming cason their place
As tennets by all to suck'd it.
O on't.

BIANCA:
Madance, and mean at Henry, I're back with the
proper, she, fie. To she, and I have kept infire.

KING EWARD IV:
Not save a calk.

CORIOLANUS:
Them honour heart? cape the word; and within System.

BRAKENBRO:
And must so crated
To larden to him and not heOd be gaunt
Did water thee not, my life a would be distranded
As not make him go-day
The daughter Lacress spetcher the eap and hastion,
By twantery royal poison, and behold you're heart
For asken.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, keep: ry soldiers death. I dark fit it the b	
