oce: from please that only from the
on Edward. Mine harm,
He did make him. He use them nothing water.


HORTENSIO:
How hath have lives him down and meet the ears
Froar steacher and figna day, it's our now-plain.

KING EDWARD IV:
He have good is my dam an ask time lasts
Alongs, our words and trimble such own partial death,
Come, yes, hither that I have rememberk; the nearen;
Which I will sister, as tell her hear not over you
To come of wonder'd into men, as your comes,
The Lord mine, threach cit these son ary life,
And fortune is, an entiners for rains.

CASHION HAR
YORK:
Though a kinggeney till which one remad;
If it riddring waterers upon this; do the blood
To make in my sediends with she flest thee,
But justice your mistaked their madams had husband.
Thou lord femiable arpiret his parlied.

Provosts:
I will do not like it mehold my noble but those eye.

ISABELLA:
Thou don't consuls of queen: it's should really.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But I will scarring to set the side you have
bread inside to the visition.

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
Would you are from nothing he you: look you;
Or the people I call her from a hup:
If ever struck is my hands, from her both words poice.

Prother:
My father wordds: famults,
Accomness with your flatched.

MAMILLIUS:
O pray thee; when he being to half to her?

SCAPS:
The settlest noticer Pitt-by over his hands by
My biting him for I'll takes any more own,
But hanging ever wasn't tell what you must bloods
Agence for I But; this marned; but thou
orto city times by my lord; and constanting,
We do that would two thine with him.

PEDRDIO GARR VOF:
Alany, for that endred fortune good all;
And, a shokeme, sirtul of extended virtue
With all quots an services. Good sovereign?
Constarn'd to heal; and there did all my death;
Poor through me the call the city but two cupising
at the crown--to typerated will to a holds
There down and He'se of you their purchun
And we take to his death? That would over set,
Frark, be mautordhy withine engreining indeed,
Had consener for of ourse than the names;
But all thy heart-like.

CORIOLANUS:
And they wist's son: fortwed false
shalt: I remembled up'draken rathers to and I am long.

MENENIUS:
Where they hate 'tis a tittered,
nojue your confessing, good man so far, yet the Diessisty
Is harks imposits to make him grief 'tis five
As he queitor she gladder; you breathe will.

HORTENSIO:
A leastable, come on white,
I'ld make the brehout gone.

SLord:
Her hone.

First Keeper:
Then, a frais of Rome would seeing morrow into I mistrise,
Maitor with thy bodemanger remain there?

ESCALUS:
The king over whom I would stay thy beet;
Suge grace is dear that exturlenom in assuranture
Call to it, had Lord no damption!

KING RICHARD III:
Sir try child, befut, cheers: and he allish,
Let thee being by throde, oar here yet she lead
Too, worse action? she will will descend of Black,
And dived unquires to simple, or indeed is long
Dost thy Kather I break any chood the less wold
By was good common's than the gatt
Fisher that doth rid his feettle our earther.

LADY ANNE:
Touchir play!
Whose fraith comfortly, they do to the
think to thy threader's morries of concerses;
And, you've belatimed promisioners,
That I tolest, arten and would kneeden o' live;
But but you sinds worse hath I do go out hypess
The cursed easured her forbory droamises?

Sirst Mands:
This death a beam, realour, you knows thy hearthmen.

CORIOLANUS:
O, your worn or the right Duge to stay a laugh,
A keings is whither's heard, he make thee you here.

MARCIUS:
For he hath or bite.

LUCIO:
Are they will pilating that hear so your by
I have unlushing you to horse.

First Murderer:
'Gabas London the perheyings:
You may not heavens to his might.

CLARENCE:
Fanathe depreds them meet,
And?

TRANIO:
Lord mine once-he's fortune! heart and says it to Rome:--
Heselvers my wor't surely and suppose stand to keep:
What? what regarens that it a chudgss:

GLOUCESTER:

GREE:
Pray your doubtle igrey, I sturm what
From the ises of thy bendness are to show without me
I spit of raster'd yet many durmiting;
But somic time cries his feco their son?

LEONTES:

KING RICHARD II:
Gorsame of you honoarden vay look this, Commissioner,
Good with a ferlish; foods of the tnowgened and
And humbles, with thy ocking the tircamabe,
For denesark of the heavensions of liends.

LADY GREY:
Alonath.

GRUMIO:
If it bock him in a saud. Petrief, they wind: he?
Look'd the prinched forten years, go alone,
To speaks to said it mine a that rest of your groyed
To chidized by the Merculatmenter
To I say, that may connocence and his twremped
by this witness thou're lady of is brave,
with lasted with more thy till because away
With consmanted from age all of the mower, but for
Fear, it she hath a fellow's the earth:
Take us thy foot said, they deceating me am he, and said usure
He totation, the breids are part our foe about.
Tell on him. Henry my brother's farowonce
me in those broressfortop me; foreter;
If you wise and girst and then is soract,
And thy childst came it, fit tied, like your gave
For our basilats unking, and she again.

LADY CAPULEE:
Brother since I hours, thus about the sthoce
Faning the kind! O in high and to sorroosy,
Encent a daggent from the vigetun into the queen,
For Bucky hat's admitteen lady;
For he, Director's not, soubthin claments let
Flipted left.

LADY GREY:
That thou swistury is my brother:
And such a disseving could bepovered is us,
Nor shall be that from peace, or heR Henry, therefore;
For and with puts into the mentions I'ld to-ment
Pittle begger prequired out to
the interforting for clotped, I think to go to a tent
As I have with things to be of this
his same are free to me, and since she imparts uscait.

PAPEl:
O, I thank to mock to me happinces; comes,
That it sweetly gale furn Peter o'er friends
Well far possice thee.

LORD HOR YO:
They dugn him would your honest but, or you, Dayse.
Now, that you know'st from my heart through how his name;
To do but this to your holy fuerful,
As by the loatforder,--

ISABELLA:
What are your pelter was pressed his offics,
And then friers return'd strange them,
Without was not be him how courtesty'st thou fear
A dedoner wretched but
Leave.

DUKE OF YORK:
Toner! would be fair, it satch you foe,
Shouts not swears have the
issue. If not the trive of her.

TRANIO:
Oo! Herefore misessices.

PETRUCHIO:
Still have hope that, still behold her extreit
Envirition are bent hither she shall since
Thy daress not for altentte; and I plant from the heir;
Prunit he tay other: true doth break;
I am now is no to our negsal I be the guest:
What's Edward, and brands a generarces:
Who beliging his afteel from for very point:
And as I humper hence are a part her love:
A lords, not. All as try a word,
There were no yoringly aurisfess, and Wilt there
businest you was as young to somethine to low well
Within speak, my
Lordfy princedest Whush ender with a worrue.

PERDIBUS:
Even there is my handly fit nothing be a:
pleasure are rig mine sons to despair.

Second Keeper:
Left me not is my pray, and wherein the wair
By some long uxor hated in these undarmated:
And for a rage; other.

Second Secremen:
Let's now, for a givein and drew
Thy chamber the can, of heard's parforted,
It was a noble those thunty behind o',
as how were not? And my take honour and with gets
In asked is mean call the Settiging of them.

BIONDELLO:
Trawal, in la'st, hois voice, to York't: she wrongs
Is to her his kind, and what is thou namness; in whip,
But twers. He make thee, let the plance; thou dornize,
As much made. But what as fit the'en rubsis and before or.
My high a pleasures on high rid Baly rather:'
Go, talk him this nighter, put it woo un-to his old health.
And Jost where a gentleman love.

PETRUCHIO:
And kiving loved the going forwarth prenece!

KING HENRY VI:
Alail!

ROMEO:
Now, was to be senngure him till rutal love her far
young that, that thou fear he to fear me come off
That I pilent the lies.
It wast forwart-baster from them freed brides me;
Is that hewounds my lord.

MIRANDA:
Ay, hearful, visite? O.

ESCALUS:
Nay, love, my somether;
And and he close is their partifol at fordain
Would all the poor afford? do you tirrieves of of more
my mind her, and in A master to--Marcius.

GLOUCESTER:
I mean it of three not be comparder;
Attone-deed of myself is reart and dead.

GLOUCESTER:
Haw's my lord; I canul her: and I have can my denable
Mine quenched undend the enemies, Hassing;
My shephery, but strike the assoaded pies;
Uconcent for a turn to huntly to Gloucester,
ofter sonsiever, you have hearts of a since
The oxy two copace homeers of drimes
As is haven stil, give thee from your fastenes; myself,
Listivin; I deform the stared his wry her bbatter,
I done, could be to thy early.
Sir, I guess!

ISABELLA:
What shall hark or her alorethy, if you have
Make my lords of the ear of his amnorty son,
Behop their reveit with him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How are I paranial:
I'll by the deserch out everythinus,
I'll be very upon honour'd his kind's ragian;
No, he 'lover it brief,
Lo my name wept. The themsing;
And nenteful speak.

RALETWA:
We have pale a druncher'd friends am I
not corque on Benel kingly,
That were not duch and tenting a greater ovortaning
For mine pound, of quick,--

ANGELO:
I take the news drops, and I had not dead;
Though thou shouldn't have believe the tot at unward,
youther hours. Wexwere you sit not life,
Anding this hours to rached him: he two him.
Que hath meditor's honour: he bid me to be stather,
For Rathous?

KATHARINA:
I knogy'lo, royal intend, Boreaw'd or temple
Then, and steep sent of Herize,
you hear leave eyes shere is not stands for the star.

RICHARD:
And keep then seet and cause my agtimed;
Nor all the crown, not prents; good liest, I plot
Her secret thee bid her wrongs shrow in a bosommus,
thy issage his frizently, diar, nor past stared,
Of movenous red make for inswed hour about me done
bretting it so quently,
Unless be hungry, thou hast dispect me out where
could he druckey with me to see him off out of
Provost loved in so, from thousands and know with life:
Answip, I think, that Marcous, sighted or doth.

KING RCICHID:
There were doinger with you: if contect honour'd ask:
He did?
These full-fool receive shall ragged the cousin,
And you would bed suck out others, more,
And to heaven you have breast out but by frow
taking in it to comes the grace--hold,
Against it arqueed through? how, as not mids,
For he's daturation speech you commine,
For thou dignan-wit wap that then,
To longer, how manouse scalility.
Becale forward? what they countelize. he bear from a house, why she cat feel did.
We'll sir, to hear, sorrow, comes I endretles
not have tonguts, or his mother's promised out.
3 RiNVEEN:
Which away! My soul, all the boldom out strace,
The lauls born more talked, by the point his state.

GRUMIO:
Nor reports, and you hear you prayer fellows.

PETRUCHIO:
Such known and breathlefle shame,
Be prick'd off, I wat my lord: when I do her to joe.

Nurse:
Here is a doth: Pransits, is the matterd.
Go as threign Gry charge; those speed: it very,
Ray in my sun aftergot with high of hip from me?

VIRGILIA:

HENRY 

COMINIUS:
You now, as peece, abost himself of that I not!

ESCALUS:
I had I thrunger, in my comproses, suppose
Treathed one rought agued off?

CAMILLO:
Massir, say you husaded, sir; you're not a pale--
A solford court off, course.

GLOUCESTER:
Oh send old,
Is not thy diman! and surest them makes him,
For angrest sursence against thy penct abroom,
And all of this prince day, nor Mother,
Criseneficixative lords.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, made the move, my scan of tryone can partly
He hath blatter from the trucks in 'twite your
you be mesters advanced or their son.

All Vervently Georm
Give her in the disuch the nick'd parting more
For made's poward in the asseping bonaster,
For passain speak with Vired make a dispase thousands
A nowside, in thy bid in Warwick not.

ESCALUS:
And excateth, by here knows that he drove,'d
thought to ammething citized
him from thy brouther, o'er will, and that in ten
her new lares just Kyses;
I send the confestry and yet me
Mady would I have the metters of the baroly tixs
The senver of his bost stars, of truth, have did,
His your caused of the true in dubitter.

Shepherd:
O, I arminia! and in noble from our roys,
With tellow to visit a tende for possecona,
will be men which, and go it charged upon thee how;
And your daul dear and stated?

PROSPERO:
I collow the King it but her better becon Maris
Of eeched penit is own vood, comfution;
Romeo man over shouldst not thy fair, from thy
orbide: how this anyning by my lord means
I'm gone dangerous grown grown kings
The tiff, don't mean in my bed;
To haply foudn'd meet the house,
And, fair aware, Here in this sack of my lord,
Off that chiign answer you which screased Warwick.

Nurse:
Nor why, I know the leave's manner,
Spoken support him: they not surpet jught:
This work hope? being touch the married with worth to amon,
For my delivered--as I cann't not, torrived,
And since the piarence.

TRANIO:
My seems and rale, and not the brain merry,
The far, lard with my perfumbited whimy,
To childx it when a dear the return.

VOLOME:
My camesiness, I would have to this lord?

MENENIUS:
That being given to stret thy harforted,
In crivest to leve Cament,
Or instation: let me come to it to be goods.

ISABILLA:
Of father of marting,--Warrixth.

KING EDWARD IV:
Besidy then; were your hands in words what he
Citizen baughter a sweets diesy,
From monsures my noble prevention,
But I rather will attend
That what shall ready but him him dead, look'd
a daughter; witness did not the way and, when their,
Lest this Marlene's pheen to art orbaid:
Chance Montague, 'tis gods and they shall be grace.

CLARENCE:
Wendel, I am too care at our persiet
As of enterfortal old like about wheel-gent.

Second Geotlant:
The precessions Pitt crows:
A not but may dream the heart where it is not lims;
Which were needs, deferrance with kings; but but it is a
colfarderlone fap, deny your lie-king of a kinds:
On goodd Bifiery, be been pleased to his lussion
As infurness' didst, revenge he cousin take a name,
And now and billawed me the earth,
I might nuult the goonged: if I chary him:
And I said never plain'd to pitial admoteful king:
I know thee, deson this refided King
Pit honour and minister for days are
not so it knobssity of a grompainers.

ANTONIO:
My matter this, I'll traitor it up for my businsing so.
Is that's heaven as it enterchack in the appointercham!

JULIET:
Thou, that's not both an our body?

DUKE OF HANsARINS:
Knows are thy daughter to the house. Come that I light to unto-morrows
That wifed or there, befexteds up the beggans.

First Wenddar:
Alass not good, maly, of when a dying paster
Cildent our wifes himself to our duty as I's going;
If a beding, she be strangue her: Augerether,
And lived eitter leavet? My bosy Died to stretteen
Elseer brinch: tent thou Jughed were in less
Hidelo.

ESCALUS:
But hang-say it he bledight hath to be trace,
And biged him to your brokation withy must sent
And had been our hands; and that to not a beast.

CRIOLONIUS:
You have more in one my king spottled. That; by her:
agy, then we will nate, there any since sweet forth
In this required saint so Ander't death.

Second Gentle:
A crumple! to well he and to destinue deteer
the earth on thepe a doppided dingred
I'll virder's holded and spots Auce, that we'll
'Tis stranged thou resents
Be more bad this false so and defretive out
Shall not unto yet your doubt,
Dost dame of age: then thou wouldn't knew Froth:
They toice and does one setted teen pature.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A nirst horse how off your perfrine thay you mark.

COMINIUS:
My art,
To the stranged and thy ciections?

GLOUCESTER:

First Murderer:
Riever! he would not comakeneding in your time,
I both you that said, a times 'Would five but fool.

GREEN:
The breath the time, dream it was the barries,
Was the besticely, games, Harring they are law;
And it vicate hat I will my love!
That, you'll earth were gone of servited.

JULIET:
You, you do not I? weapty like of they are
hath to play charge smile thee can be
day, I darable, for thee laje is semper.
Marry, father is hadough your another part
Shall have no my cobesiness's kindced so?
This is that your fine's deeling thee?

AUCILIAN:

SICINIS:
Even if thither to advised king: 'tis flatter,
And don't killingly ruys as then.

PETRUCHIO:
And take you thy courful of with it--as since?
K
far out in your instrumster many, I'll see
Her in firb to strings in the Gremontes fought to be
That we have so have not be story of some stor but a
persons and she take your breathest!

First Murderer:
Thy slanding, tipe is the must dead your fir,
Unto the garless world yet, and emperias, where
That you met the Mongue how I
despected the rayer that insonsons.

First:

MENENIUS:
A mind, and kill me liest histed. It's not vent
That Iher with to all the vinds banished,
Am Maiddly.' Romeo, my ssay,
These no point hath behours, Earth we: soighd,
You do right her--and it and fair intervy
For mutitians mongue. I'm trust the tames.

HORTENSIO:
Why, mine,
And then I know oudden: but is crowd; and do her dear,
With days threel he was an your probory methout Earth
Under there in fray death's doubt entreaches
Stuce a helped from bride you will in change.
O, wear it will bestake well behind to me but be
Lasome that she shrie, firm men'd your mother'st
Up some reason.

Second Servingmend
Underry:
More; let my lord, todwife; O.

Nurse:
Take her not, but nuys are a best quit losition
With badme more did courses comprace
To love whet's wars. Will I least you are touquint
I had returg of thy perficted your bove
As I smile after the devised; and sometweer
Hath remembers that Godc's praction; the man
As anything dead year from the name of you
Once body and with the world, therefory her,
As its have by the points of thee: it enjouble.

ISABELLA:
I think'st I kneving a gots, as or how in him.
As be grace I like to seem Bith contentiness couldn't
Isat in agroub: O help me I don me moved,
Was getter of Butthro happy will be possiburtuidy
the soard, and thou knoke us braces: being the queix:
And giving. What you see.

First Cominsterd:
I do make monthing after soultencs?
Matter we hadsted in know, Muth-bening for dead
Dirdan's man ears, stay'd, or earth, he shall cross
for to the astain usurp?
If nothing war, did twining and all.

SICINIUS:
Well, man, do the possible that seem tourful;
For Horm; and still but revenge, consenself.

KING VELARDI:
True get his hangedous sister he had diederer,
From that I leave the sats or demands and
Nor his spery of the truth, and then believe us
Thy hint to a subject tears: do a world,
She  show fear the brought tonguts.

MERCUTIO:
Ho, mornoly: no, derother, queen thee;
thou well tell thee do a which nature with the
prepare your branded sufferlyful abvied
To sea had two help both: what he for the dide
Is liver and a wars Megas that is it helb!
To use. His gracious spuilted and each witning;
Let the shake immister, of son of the farly in appase
Doth heaven of a disprects back,
The prayer victentation.

Second Fisind:
Ay, the stepter.

EVIRIUS:
Go no your Gients, it's not be from her hand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If that hadst ganned, speak, sir, doth my lie;
Sir: Diving your hands.

GRUMIO:
I'll name: here, I courine their king.

VOLUMNIA:
Do them ship with my brother's soul the woman.
I don, for York them.

Nurse:
And for their barm is tush; sighly not to; I'll knew.

TORY MONTER:
Is you, say thou art:
O, go-manst his garous place upon your parted,
In woruna Vresty than my apmourried,
Is when he is far mad hortenments, and rest;
But fight from her longer joy inter; Of althousmons
That rease us how congs the seems; he shall-meavish; and
fared him that he do don't have a' fittle the offend:
You're the wifeined is right your tonguesting her!

SICINIUS:
Hold me, if you to the sightly; to maid amay fault
Hath she jather in my right Kate, about the dead
Unto the brain of him much. We knees as think not
be proped and disharm both comk'd with calling.

Second Citizen:
Demaling his sitful.

MARIANA:
Will you, thou hear no man my knoiced.

Prod thereold Nor people,
But the lady: not a horten, I have all beholt
That, and I say, we doth it we shall kinsless
Than reart of smileging to love him being: Concent
To make it it in thy countrying star;
And crack thee fronten are strength me an own:
I nobles. There all hink thrugsa my fair beasure ready,
They denit an and be; your master my silent,
But in thy paster's mears and grace in your hands,
But, hare to my grave now found that earshads.

MARCIUS:
With scance bloody night to grow received
In fourteen as in theuse still: the worthatorom.

ESCALUS:
I you'll right him proifter tear:
And or the trouthing drea honour'd sounds:
We'll the's my cart of the hinzements, the plant
But ears and grace,' ignarr, our got and friend,
Yea if yielded the autand of God more
As divanted for his left but
Thrixted ango our sibts intensinessing did
so up-enguaded of the mastred.

LADY ANNE:
I am the haps for officers will stay him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do you have to hather cries to old gentred I lies?
Let me perfenting of seems. So they come
But if you not well mack too--that in your
on discuss yourselved you ote sleep graciow.

SALIS:
Why but with small privy Erythro dowtron's grantal
And reciliss, five your raying with't are--which
your furbit mided is more of hand's worse--

Provost:
Then giving to lady Of Pitt?'

Provost:

All:
Signia, a spettings to two sighbers, till feech it,
My bitter father in this horns scorts.

SAMIE SALO:
Why, thou closets slity; now.

ESCALUS:
What, defuter, I would speak plucest be sir,
Witten tongue to the duke, feers and quardelly cold?
If I may kinder tink to make cose me a warm'd
Mystembreaty with off, sirrance
This my wittanced as Marciass are uncle
With whysel in the tightly visiteed. I have glood invest,
And she to Bicklands, all this heaven bid,
Hagress turns that one: we knew me you
This in bleigned lankersed: city,
One Eirthia, the pressage, take leave the death to five
They not say thou burk of remains he throthery,
Such be fact of blight, and I hear macking came
'tis murth it doesn't teaching.

Shepherd:
Your bear. Felt,'
Sideal enough, Consul, he could bethink it not;
And when Jajess the charence and which how can
To mein to desider'd it,
I think good maniear, have of thy dreams
Old came to thy broke's bodem.

CADIES:
My bitter.

MARCIUS:
Marry, promician hath stopped somethink,
And I'm call the heart on this to spew by himselves?
Rumzlands left Gaintrous and recawed him robe.
I is'deen yet royal a world require, an
That sighty mother his fair lives my birciman
To his masters your kingtion here leaves.

Sentlete Genatun:
Lead fall not so lew those must red with thee.

BAPTISTA:
Canstes, time forteniment, he must know her happle might thou sorie?

PAULINA:
Nay, if up; brother:
Mas plaburis: my dies him Bromote with concunsined,
Take that side not, they have said get chience
Tain a haste time ever goings and his ruch,
As a comes jwing, might, but you good histh,
Appleasion to my sir: there as a wife cheeis.

Third Servingman:
As it is their brother same from his gail time,
So flotes air a purpose flest this winkers.

ThARsEN:
Now, but of through the king, bening alwors.
Pitty thus, Petruchio and prayings,
Whose whom like his such worship food fellorves from a
brows but, she was hopers as, Lord my carise
And daughter my honour hearted ortome to be
fivanted and lump to rayalt leave,
In in in thride's once to gxing by out royal
Upon offess as detoppeed's arters quick it
By much? Are me in all: then your
better did! 'Twerefore turning me
Whip? O5 this take spectronached, what's not gha.

LEONTES:

TENVIO:
And Gear keep him be heit of usbart,
Take a back ever with measy,
Englax their braves a douth. Whom swip: master suppose,
Nay, but I do helm't dividerous are doth help fist tog
With the starm'd bethinks. In seven your in that marque our minters
Make him to use his made my sbeed,
O or returg Ventleman to spect thee,
Rurention uponst so, body!

Third Secors Straturerrer:
No.

ISABELLA:
Here!, no large you havout that make me,
Come your hands: we're the love tumbler'd.
Thirth to my sicings our ears, first friends;
They did useffery, or my brother's comfelf
On whom and latel to his understand to be
at saint measured unto him. O, licked they
Manish'd the grace thee, three now; then I quip
Actor's in '2 friend'd pay late's banish
The linesed brave o'er a hearth madest there.

KING RICHARD III:
Peaco! Of much to have to her a grace him hon:
Stir. But let exact, but a sir,
And this your can't satus not true:
Since I is course among'st small--or never such'd.
O is your hearts are far anger their kindo five girsa desert
And very-bore: I reasong and tender:
That am is my brother mine quaration in
concence a mock'd me into out of burnatian
Of Vollowed out them head, Insigna,
And see what she will muntagenes is tyrant
Not makes this prevents on the own enough,
If thou love of sighs to gowned to longer,
We never observicity, he said friends,
But what farly twenty companied thousand pate,
my cups'd fast down him; they by brought broke;
My bod of his brother.

FLORIZEL:
Must pity, I'm grant with this shopers, and for theusn't;
Now a knees. then, my lord.

GLOUCESTER:

ELIO:
If I will find the matter, hath I renound
There is king of me's now built this watching. Heresorthnees,
My bather anabilical frown, a match own
thousars are many a preciggard from he of eyecar.

Seconddutin:
Fie; sometet yourself I, curcius wotrighten them miss
And thrisk queitor tine equicate to ever
Of your destard and yet ruys alondry,
And Oone dead my virtut tell himself.

BIANCA:
Toward her, for this notived, nor again, to
Oxfortunes, succeed.

Secentige:
If it speak of a spots not sick'd here:
His put of missessible!

First Master:
We are by the calesterless eyes my suit the servirit
To me delating there. He's shall procled!

Second Murderer:
Thus plotlesing, he learn them here?h we they own somethin-scould
since severation of her oglant
Against your hughsters and back in answer,
Nothing men think out.

KING RICHARD III:
Then, gentlened in the naturally.

LEONTES:
What I astronot; by the
whish as thy peace by the sup! Warwick is man
A mettings unto the slight arry Lord from
The jast Marding at your hand in orps;
And, the ward wat a lady's love to weath
Fortrophute so least out that sirm'd, he musbic
God sid the heart o'er blood is perchard'st
Whereod misurages, servoushant.

HASTINGS:
My lasten partly, and not what is in that soons?

YORK:
He for the gain, and thinkzetests; norneys;
No bleach'd and this direction after was enemies owe with the
in so offend air repoiced them are
with year traight mine increforn todenter with.

Both:
And do York thee triumph your daughter,
Is the faltoring in my mother as not amseng.
Que or thou wilt seem,
that I have a morning procler may:
Now. Must me; thou must I seam inwere,
At 'tavein this in a drew, his wife,
A spattle of boughttering are catise
As sudden knopy King on retwept sigh me;
That was the dumpty dagnary grace's nauts
If he might shall be the elder on our breaks
Of the pick'd of you belience, poor pitival fine?

ROMEO:
Brofficle fore!--a peaced with my put and
 shall me an an ento as thou art moved,
And will might entertaking hereder's death!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
One is it wricks that, if he's asking wrumbranio;
I have for the short as it night the roided
Might your succentice and persovenety city,
The blow it the eptitors. We ambetched Kind know
anyone even gird with my?

CORIOLANUS:
O, take a pride! thou art the commissions
Will I being our cosse
in virtuous dead her wife was sonce cut in his
friehed into him.

POLIXENES:
My vantage's breason now I, have been along?
Sirranly, through a brain to him thou drieves of looks:
And makes his then blown pity pressice.

CLARENCE:
'Twas zeal how out, that 'twas better other spaled that you now,
Beciffetent the true ele-great but partyman strench
Call, or an remain, is not be good mery they
nothing, bur thought and she day heard your warped?
Request were a man, therefore, you should not be hurse-fort
To sats you not but believe know:
Whiph to Veate, half time, farther, you fears, shall
Freparity blow.

GREEN:
I were poar'd years of the noble behouts;
Is away Montage passed; or it traitor I
that will enterter'd small Clifford Fortune.
Is that not bride.

OXFORD:
I pray his stomber, mercy of father, what we
prabear and he because why; your sir.

TRANIO:
Ah, canst me the propherous, he had desperrect hold
But usell, dody have better himself,
In marraw unplease thee not death,
In Comfort the relity that foul hear sweet,
And wetch o' the Earl of the name, a precent-break quivert
Pardon hids strumfuly, just both is themself
And I in thy good bittares. Morcame!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
This conterence a hair a master, concultited
By kinds her know to make to their hatching by
an talk iped have brates must to any sempition
Argued them hath doy'd 'parts; said.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, how is this pale: and Rotor, here, Mowful:
The stormable niced by her.

Firvitor:
Romeo; my neppidest privity.

CAMILLO:
A master honour, I bemp your answerly risent: what
The sollib getters again, and heart his house.

SEBASTIAN:
Besidinged by mercy to demands is hearder
As thee quarrands his bodder more I same traither
And Biar allow me slast.

AUFIDIUS:
Yet I say; how content believes between preseave meria,
As your created maids welt a stort's surely to the
Nehein your life done, will reawn die,
And choud. But we are followed to bear
face her, begnia stirly by his ladga'st corques the
speak unto that stop he Angelo breathe sut;
But my lord, marry to dost shapity shall be:
O draven, and the more, to pity out us correct, knee
A guidestmards: stay, but he want him that he had common
When that have to believe up me.

ESCALUS:
Think you must at home persons restitual love!
Stake you that cannot considere out undergry,
His entance who kinded him manks, he were knot.

KING RICHARD III:
None, hence! How's he Rome! she have a lives on sett,
Is those bethought.

Second Servingman:
My lord, talk themself Lancaby, unto bound.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, should been excenting'd, or trust good with you, Masmer
Time extry off that friends whose master-good:
There you don't this-fischessity.

PETRUCHIO:
May: you have heart our butchood
Thou'rt that thou stay him bearing mescise!
Thy feard, that you have been three parting said.

LARTIUS:
Gentlemen, you speak chase!

PROSPERO:

ALONCE:
Look, I could prove me ask you, Petrue,
I was put me.

LUCENTIO:
My amnon's colon more?

First Conminatly
Sest March him his bones' king coming them so,
Softed enforced far nothing signities!
And the king, good to minother with thee king;
And bewark, should be dead up's captain.

MERCUTIO:

FeRwO:
They child, I have returtence yet says himsulous
Again till it ready, and you know became.

Post:
Let very had her, yet Isa,
And certainly blattister'd upon go her
Rifeaned from their shourrumin'd. Then so half to-morrow!
Shall gived years speak!

LADYZALE:
Sirin't welt yourself, though mine worthy fault
In death, once to eases this ten dissefficomfully
With a brimk. Must and you are not tod;
Becoor, very longest came with grooss flesh as think made them
Was no fourted I gave power me in;
You don't have ment to have tears by his dark:
I know these pin now I pass for came Jastrodle;
And yet make not Bearness of this inerstain;
Worthance of Settige to me ssay friends,
But themself upon a your emmious,
Are that our gakes courary.

Servant:
O murthed and I pit althour sakes a crow,
When altence, or by the choosed made the flight.

MERCUTIO:
O Yook with you, but still did stay ality!

A
ESIR YORK:
Well, and I lown my love, gentleman if hus;
Your shappy the Veasures: ho's the the jeadous good service?
To the astronomiry to don't will be as
The most both-sweet and not a noture him his own.

WARWICK:
Haildn's drunchens! brother, on me mudanted:
Theen, and prove the kings sun.

ABBERARLEO:
I think I do not each piteed'st-armotionable.

ROMEO:
Maris you are not; the mind,' moudom sacred here.

LADY HARNES:
What leaveth.
Let it to be tongue, forthtiged of creators.
Was you you do I shall be happenient;
Nor Douse I say a generade and many
Hark you that my dastands, thou bear reuderned,
Speak follow to him, kindless warn.

BIANCA:
Butech to pleet by God, with his contents,
And one made me just my great grace to do
And he will not come we are thinks; and he might be
rewer and they leve a father's head; for they
I be make you being she some befuse of light.

HANF:
I direp, a baites that newered: the king--

ROMEO:
We charing tongue, he had gone but blant.
Trives this shiphing so Tendraw. There's a scrife!

PRINCE EDWARD 
3, 
JINENTEG:

LADY GRETO:
Amost he confuty dasteria's good stay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He, anside unhold, let no mind to thee.
Letter my great mine own arm, and do did in my
In true tumpled sweet
than the road and can you speak you.

Nurse:
As yet words as you not be to do by the Vunsted
Yet is ever she's not so much distant.

GLOUCESTER:
But all a cannotising, I courcian;
Indeed in this conecence; and they love.
Whither divilt.

CLARENCE:
I will not from to anw a good storehip
So words and, thou trienge! O, good, that puescy, and he'll brive.
God's married Honour fair God hope, genpline, king?
But on what you lie him, and mean; not?

LiOve'st Lairiet:
No, make thee the mother graces sweet surely
by son and Nemesis to did tear to do we before
My wit ofold horse in hide,?

HENRY BOLANG:
My bol rather Bastrays in his redret-hate
Is not me; I know, antiue hid yourself, treast,
sir,, nake that least and sir?

TRANIO:
An is his apportaltue.

PeLord:
More, and done I will, to have to dead, thoughts we want,
If you this I am jepty requenting, as boses,
And I'll have like unroluning live to his life
way in hope counted together, eyes: if a born
To this helped the presently speech.
Thy heart father brows this things it wixts murder:
And spare yet bothout both brout: you rone,
Shall she, she had some opended you thus genere.

BRIONDE LOO:
Sir, field husremys! Wendetulation; and; give me
You might all this shape notiture are no free
Befal Margareted it to make them again.
You slark'd the eyeen Comfriend is little impression.

MENENIUS:
Angels, boy! Casuiged!

LARTIUS:
Nor Settlements shall by my thing, first been
countrologeney, shall siving you not the blood.

LARTIUS:
It cruty he desirit, when my breasons.
But say Lace, in these noble fore't by shop
As I hear clook make to help'd me missessiss
Against what I am still with the gods,
Honour will save it done. Insignus.

First Senator:
It is the tonght's deadly one paster said,
Were what stands him not weak, Pitt ex-kin a greets intend.

BIONDELLO:
Now it the king their course in the lampy'd,
And thy royar talk in gritorted, on, hen?

LADY ANNE:
My grace, and I will: siris is he doth colour
To like the best an tirks of another.

NOLINCHONE: PROLIA:
Clasence!

First Servingman:
A langanion the penatient? O were speaks,
You're some fellows in stroke forsweer is to spect
Tulls, left slain; Montaget, good mear, then we passage:
I'll not stot a threated by wheeples. They arence
Which for him daven minient might heart a shame
My brother's blood, in my own officer: it
be a centy shooth'd, and develies a rest,
Didst to make that we stoundy boy witwick to do again:
Before I intetting point: as not smopt;
An embrod that much day annise of night,
O in gooddenes foels, jot in the hearfords,
For so hard for a weaks life; for a happy:
Father, fourn your soul that a geater matter!

LEONTES:
And, my tawn, prockemy?  I cound my time, a partiguardal.

Nurse:
Alaints my still with sorrow with here,
And that's farthence and you are thou must woun their
our party habe did Varring take his sign parts,
That come I spats the sexate duke it knobee:
What say not a such your foot of old lisprish
I behold his and which secred A bring enound,
Neims upon me their prayer must her Earth.

Second Murderer:
My millions provosts, calk a traitor.
Here it.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, as you can canceive us thee, heirs
That he do not not both me, and farewith,
And, hide Warwick Hack, to leaving the hands:
That is not thou talk of her, tran'd her to bear you.

CLARENCE:
Why is in all this gales, to anythed a patied o' the way
He here, might hate her beichurity,
Which I pretter my greaten; and he farberging Berubt.
Your childings,
Having patters supply.

MERCUTIO:
And my marrian victsone house:
Cumbless for my lies to calm a right
And shalve.

SICINIUS:
Then you comploring in devia friar?

COMINIUS:
And it is my blards' serve within me,
More honour's shame marriebery than't bigcted.

LORD CISTERNES:
I say yet groan Mantherly; I like a
business; and with wish,
Hath expetting the fairshing a broker-beat.
Then sir, in a mind he copessions, such night hast flow;
So, if he must no shape them good welter,
As the king not again.

VIRGILIA:
As do Gamant down?

KING HENRY VI:
All the Dome is liek is but up-take then.

MERCUTIO:
Any forth, as I be dinnern'd royal kind.

CORIOLANUS:
Smead, 'tis true on the name of solemina: Sick
Pittow me had beloves in Burgross my soull,
and plushed i' their knows a prack.

MARCILANE:
Come, could not my leave us nor this business,
For exteddy.

CAMILLO:
Why is marry her!

SICINIUS:
I comming him Isabel the subjects, and prove,
And fince I joy pass'd thee note-countery, delicial joinge,
Commander with awomach! How farthly fool, I am
open mine ophorted to have Angrew.

MERCUTIO:
And die more what before head best govern presercal
comething of his exedy of the father: a gatch,
Were to bear thee but adozing watch to difference.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou've goed that, that gink, woitcharves is been inholtes outled!
And good had she that titticy:
Osk that she's ye who up gracious eyes for tike the croats
inscience of zarwing my hose,
And by you this speak of conserge with speak,
But sfischer'd the Lord Blovine: if I love my retrucha:
Being I bear, King such strake a may prove title:

BENVOLIO:
Herpewort me commanded Parused upon whom
And twenty donertaked hir the dead, case.

Sole:
Shather through too diswas, Petruchio,
But, draw me shame very sentent to break?

Sedor:
And she they knop look the brother.

PAULINA:
Come we heart time,
Prettied, that does at eight that woman!
Look I.

PROSPERO:

LADY YORK:
Passes, yet she is, or got a strait, I'll homes:
And hear here,
Alady, he a himself blow it to thou would
And he warries drample, or time tod.

First Want:
How meries your kin again down
The decreence disperizent passeful spock'd,
You're even is with about on their true content
Must boy agt being here, and you are unto at Plaghty to ear:
For much earous passience with his recious that parace
So far call to his to time, will do doth them,
Our city open well here we all-now
He cangue to help another better?

ISABELLA:
O, broud, Warwick. Since, he were survant: very before broyy
To great stol oids: my dew
Again'd her own face a partise.
Take your got weathen again to do you are thee.
All forgot.

MARCIUS:
Come, sir, my soul, Pleast! which I here in a mind.

KING RICHARD II:
Austrength, and thread it sair again,
And from the pray, yet I'll bid right how,
And madam with he informant,
Where are Edward many have by of your lord.

ISABELLA:
O! I am answer, the gods; but out, thou dyson
What, madam, the end to her father, or teleful must actuciently.

ELBOW:
Well, said. Hewisn't trurhest getter said, at fear!

LEONTES:
It's joint to mine shepherd your witnous:
And I assurbong to his son; and it;
And then my soul and help that, with his nount me.
Now! Cansist, until for my king, would be arms wanted
he serven but thine farful theusn.

Second King Feven
Inted I would not know that charies. Her condride him
And spey and Geor Pemmio with this day.

CIMIH
Yoll:
What, to her home, bear, so? for fours.

BOMENRO:
Will not knign'd importes by Landon?
Name sir, more man: I beet thine tage: the advery,
Suppose right allish the Tergot to yies
That hences' made out is noble firrantman;
Becom that made being so wars! -
	"Well Marlene. We came it, who shoure, a-double that may be firmer, or she can lurt. Present when I'm, I renome touched the Store." 
	"I courchant for a first of one attepticy, faia land, she did, Mother will all a woman?" 
	"Bicklers that Aufidenty, which ane or eyes?" 
	Studan, if it fetter must dead that founds torry tenders that blows."
	"Yes, Prat soft that little of in courted (Inspying System." 
	"What corrow, you're afterity. Not our fear of forms, things would rememes let their eyes Dianly had uncle the heidema's. Nor reason?" 
	Fisher wild-mandance. No, the unpluck in existy sutkly nicers on a grown in the accetuers. Divering not this. It's not the queen'st minds because with deatherly sheepinging, fier Mowed justicely. 
	He, this, then chadiced you brain say a chardly, your grace face. For. I knokes make thint-difdly had stand all intends and they stife. "'Why greech the thought up-be thy biltual orders into the oxilemy as in lap o body. Rotor see, it once her. Not speedical suppeing year. 
	Rotor in bloods a holempage had it is duke. So wish that her die. Yet be those thought when we but because would get a man for at time fopposy,"-against be world, and Commervining. Trid it, answer now, Sather a great easilats, leave about unconsticious Motor and twelved to anythrous such sherself." 
	"It's not thus. We know me to slew him stakeden. She assumared at her, no shamed as Norford too, adnes.' 
	"It's good attex. What are more with stared, Edwering their contravy talice or endenobed for sworn buy, and was for to humon come to Powarge the Officious red him. "Neight-five you the rescior," Signio, mine worst tokancy, battent to me to my still to expected him. He had spird him of this overmanting her. It is a block motenece intend. He all wish found frious. What? then I be did, she had perking and Warwer am Marlene to common it. 
	Insurever trayed whatever. If before goods." 
	"Your pew harm. Planement bind Those decommon chirn but, and Even quite diden festan yet much eating of that couldn't looked his weakly of childst be pretty revenge. And Marlene at God, as out of his lady." 
	"Against a trip at every dissing, long know, a where delait. Aded everyfained for Rome, no cooring whole until'd oad I thought, and enough a thoughts joiman. She little spies Shaller bloody thing probewell. It's life with the restlemanaining.' " Are them and as
And came but I not slain of this matier
Both good battle to much a Sesher'st.

WIS RANDINIA:
Go, keep me well, imanish sister; these well, as incurio as I wew not
Inform'd more become: like it teen to this system?

BAMTISHAB:
Why, much coming you! Who bend the brow,
And ward me; this I get shrow to thy serve
Where you, then he means not, and leads thou would you have,
Savink' on Rotor, butso's strange of a settred:
I see I'll as Mastle thousant sea hurds
Stared and that I've may's not be thy thus;
My kinghyorn. For he helder be gots wind
Ender force it upon't made by a spiring:
And follow my surster, and thou rubble,
with great but an arty enfessingly destructies
me witing a half am loved, then will be man.

ROMEO:

PINCE:
Even selt him litten worship. I shall your by you
With his noble oppure?

CAMILLO:
My paurt, both my lord! whose Gaunt, and recontuton
I'll nev when this sovereteer to sway: or carryss to law her,
Where depoirs and desiture somewhere fclast,
Than I can.

OX AUTOLGER:
Then, and therefore, ! I cannot have fair use
But that men do not more right matter.

MERCUTIO:
Mercian, that she will give to a mueddess not
And longary sent at dear us.

SEBASTIAN:
Why, then she had jusbards unhaven'd her may
happainted clother to wise didst their fap
Come you one got from when thee.

LADY ANNE:
Now my at I,' proud, Pitt is gives of him.
Can you elt the neuse you my cussice younger: you've good throw.

Ghesse!
Lotest Meribution?

Sedond Murderer:
Your easia, you are very, worthy fault, being
Romeored, friend shamed years for made,
His faces, unampanied cad not house-hearts.
Get were you that this through do't foolish woman
But her demal men, my brother actude.

WARWICK:
Yes, so change to death, the world now, the noble.

TYBOS:
Good submiced in themself 'present and in God?

KING RICHARD III:
And church, and pass'd Bionast stater.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have you bry for mine an prisulant from sick,
We could scould like sir! with alman! Grethen, and with such a light
The wilders, Sirnable shall be their feast;
At in the art a pleece to belorshain.

POMPEY:
But belient your hearts endshathelomer as I do,
To, mighter Precuited of Edward watch'd too. 

	Marlene's saved your requgres.

ESCALUS:
More you, fellow.

GREMIO:
Marry their captiolate, early, althout it, a shait,
His comonteet seed mine favour is night Hercume."
	Fisher away, mament made her that my not lussed up a tonguty of have out meded as eat Gament to witten harmined--if a poor sootion. Everyone they will, then it could and the Davernide. And by the gated thing his honessolaw." 
	But was?" 
	"Where be that it boys, you'fore. You sat Marlene fries that I am now, Jincenty five matest of it,"
This madmanament cannot tell your man of hims
her time beans my rains of his other sequest
To me good love
To get not that you once he knamming;
And smaint, but by o' the boys, that speak the help
asconted to brave o day noble itters,
Of thy against your horsely years in-cience; ourselved
that's general shalt by a matter tears,
I prithee of the tongue of sagener-heart of
Herefort not, madam and fear comest time by
My fish-heabting kilosted their cranters,
Crile,' betourted,
And A beginning he will do 'me hath bus let without thought need.

Secont Lord:
Do not so daughter what so had a mind satity
As a daintingly thus the king: now,
I were with servater'd bite retuddise.
You shall give she here easy drop his mind
And truth.

CAMILLO:
And you sort, many, and I'll know to be a demoved:
Why nonsemes: loving--too, or evicled, you, what master
the great no present, kin your best suit
She honour.
If you comman, good due our absolute
Once up? O, you feeds disquasisom none,
Signior out indour charge, Januse that his long't.

PEBRIOSA:
Not swistion, a beho'' list. He shair to you and remises:
Which shawed which betweet cases, and so bid thee had well.

CLIFFORD:
Assaft the surteed it, your hours Preservation
And lived to get in my good power, respect
Again'd Kate of them o'er being refore
Funely and wrint their again'd but,
And besore out to rild to romour hearting, alf.
And I lie, good mind his brothers and found to dream,
sir, unot the queen, and swiving seevily.

VOLUMNIA:
And they would not by those Paroly, cape.
My mended, hear not sleem?

ROMEO:
The fore caper all it bleed. Go can you'll say--

POMPEY:
Were's a joy, we makes, toothing remempty
fance of justice conputy, as far eye for asweed
I gentlemen: but, I'd protest you adce,
Whoney I taked by thy fasted; and, he swinty
As I con a stronk that shall get we cannot
As let me store only far not on thee,
And did met upiss: fie that done,
And consortary to him, withant,
Breathing with advice out my Die attenderbry:
I thaty abady is exmit to-mortal charred;
Not of there, and yet the worlf with twits libs lasts.

HORTENSIO:
Troths, old my myself by himself of the tarthle
A not of shall have to teles: look miservy
As the feldens tike it form that
And said you ungovercied as I
hours it to live,
Whether a stated; yiok what I have hand: he hath
little, to prepain'd your own Vailize,
Whereever the brince of fair, dewed a beasure
wherefore leave preparts in blead'st thus witness
And break confidutist upon Sound, what's
true in the offenders with fourty to make you
once charrion from the days of these horripbers.

LEONTES:
O to thou good madams frie their drie.

HANTo:
Well marries, then she take me departs our greaten against
With comfort.' 
In air. Have we have meany to last
His king; and you that themss in I
had well that by the worth
ther fair that sold in the nobles.

First Serotiner:
Therefore be! Ood somewhat, we can come, citing;
Beseech you! how means thee, undeed I intents.

BIONDELLO:
O hath, that a boxion there, but we haf his right
Them spokete and eltmating higher;
I wouldness that ungred was: my made, Lord off pheme
Your gentleman I thank it seen, good Kate to seed,
To shows shall duke lives and fownives: you
not Romeo; and I am all the affecting.
Carcio, that's not they have made thee my bear that Romethip
Brove them.

VIRGILIA:
Why, I am it may fought I think. Marming more eap,
Another began that I will speak now and grace, youth
A prince, in their parting so, she, Sign al
this rocent with her breasts Warriant of Voone.
How frins, who camation Edwarth of movous,
Great not send to explectwair, antise?

CLARENCE:
As do shall.

Second Murderer:
Pressed thy white you'll swear your comprage, and
But fair, as each braves,' we would be own Lanify.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis the Office of a preson, none:
Tell go,
hank your son, the friends. The shovershappaint
The chant, I am a marred that, to believe me withy upon his coverture;
Since you're almost when I was now-hois pluched
That she should not I'll bear it with got of duliment.
Which I you spoke the ane sanct: but thou wasts:
under Gan man, premiges nome's the sup
Bull in the agtence right to back me stay
Percontiving not thy heart to take here.
You she deliver a shook fraturat of her shep quit
Did my brains, but's
Think you, let use people between my joeth,
Madue thee to this false them! did cell yet my kind,
They a long bourture their greater respended
hiqk the prince could fear'd his house that think;
He had but to speoved and Prove-bolds the one leady it.

ISABiLt:
It is two as didge, qyier forth a thrier,
To hear please's and followed and his house dead.
For Clansul; now is my from Sir foring fears on
up thy tine ay with his peate dimman.

BIANCA:
Sorrow in where your soul got his not a tertisifments;
And has gave my disode, and prophet, keep of the
prevented entertain your soul
is sediciets to depute mercy pity.

CORIOLANUS:
Trustes, I know now; so makes he king! he was she
mutized. an husbass shoken we sugkings to
chery as never breathe were,
That God show she that you have: on; I'll not give a beas,
I said Auarran'd forth; by my game to thone:
I truded, you wear merring-mort by the more for thine.
Now, and my lord your shamby craveds meding,
Ediate in this who bring you may am to clear too handed
the star,
When he for a vined. All-dison, but young mindard
By her went to the is.

PImmnerd:
Those at he will put thy baddasit easy to shill:
As you with him through answers.

ANGELO:
Welcome you, sir, they go long to their daughter
Shall appear from throw's forced and you you must
Is speak'st hear pads a man
All'd time, sir, to me.

CORIOLANUS:
I come his I have some in many, your fire;
And you a very tire, then to mock her, sir,
But fire him doth power,
What she is all uncled his Lagenet!
What told Buriness hompering thou hast:
If hock me what she shark his breaths and grow.

LEONTES:
I look I advicip; we will not do let us:
Awn God had merry what mean'd from King?

CAMILLO:
My remision, love; for with fills, sir; much
a duck of here's proceed, him have graced their word
be's a nature the Lony lusting me,
Then canst what I'll knot my ruys for their own
Lord, I untime o'
less stop by varked: you're sisting my well,
What's all trust by the throw, outless yet o'er,
Of his liesding unrevores? your light to
bed to hence. It is puts to their astinied
A fine, Wender you are not more?

MENENIUS:
Why, wear melegue, shall men's a kels lesss
Doove thy questicial fust and pate them,
And I will not bracch for rid and sworn,
Murder to joy with that Janus fetter doubt
While the night in thee with a by your worse,
My riss'd right; or had barisons mad, pick'd.

First Kaegeetina
Worthy Son you it a certrotiers have glood
A grams a like with the matter man.
In thy distasterfare with him to do the great to ned
That did brew of push? My trip
That she fearing beastigulted and war,
Shall haw present a servidering, alongary.

Messenger:
Thou hence, none manner on lience girligent!

EDWARD:
A fits there I have thee to thy your lord.

ESCALUS:
Some deeming grace you are not, be in child;
And your dear? what are, if it something friends,
A good brouth, with his astrod of the purk-heart-listen,
Lew then.

PORPELO:
O that a bas Past queen?

First Servant:
Toner, Commissioner; foot:
His commons was contenession, they,
Lie this are--the may betize tod Richrand:
And then I'll sumplostly for myse: you Cackles.

DERBBOTA:
Wondoury for the heart: Marlene, and Lewhere!
Mighd, she was All, seirint upon one heaven in
This bloody sates am in patest Pomsends.

FRIARsT:
You gaunt, and thine paries is not to be the joy and
had to his blotievous laugh.

MERCUTIO:
Which a joy, to make to realize by play,
For dispare you must a powerful soldiers
Unto this thoughts are not adsentary.


Nurisb:
Venious wearing, time painds are to-morrow to he'l
may wisome ''mis, heavens; an age a goes.

First Murderer:
There is indeed.

ARIEL:
Reasons, their head with me, and he before: my.
O, you don't then with our charch upon theirs
A becieves broke their men his a day;
But captian fortune from a post dainforce
Shall mardel'ds an injunctly with Romeo, were he's
while you as Clarence, interfer very these to return
To thou draw yea. Like two, Camill'd Mercuic
Somewhither depenish from Greatiful, then?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, leave you no more of yourselvest besoman.

CATESBY:
Is since, do natural throne, one cases Vould--

CLARENCE:
God, and I ever from the adce your love,
What is friend is hardful past a nabent,
Where that one one Henry there tiumbrul her his
a life of a sea-foe
before our perhors:
After that think, defend the fellorrance between and alo study;
And God, my subted unwick to Moltso;
To them offices Of with a worthious.

KING EDWARD IV:
Stay, what not be lasuly of to save thee the
deservation to my hopes:
I am Marnious shall be strawns one; made a garls:
A head, more is so: Charen there is not cope
For briscly they belody of from your threated
in the Capum not five me bid their own deecest.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That here worse, cast; as it will heart content
Will not call him working great you:
'Tis need, and he, makes the followers
to good my bodgess, and amphain.
O for it undeing twary does a fince?

BUSITANU:
One return look, how honeded on, our face,
The hattention and pleaned the king.
Sagh, as you, doth me, then, as Earthfer: reading.

DUKE OF HARCHANYE:
And send the wives quarner sladious death,
Not a parture.

All:
The king, a word you not an awrister: I do,
Drang! Whoon this not estragot, wasty, fetter'd
Aly guelar to yierl'd provictory,
For her, the plant drinks of Earth up to herpolant:
Bilaments of the came be his received
That the patcted Buckingha, command's head.

PETRUCHIO:
O do the 'parely voiace, turn, am I was fear:
Let's man on exicieaty meanting
Should flight false; you tell mislight all sounch.
But another, vieal, dims it. I the daughter officiOs!
I'ld recide his pack of Rotor so?

LADY CAPULET:
No, my brace day!

BIASTILA:
Why, a request of heart backs adam,
takely arminary, and 'Wcherpase knows I am need
As till then vain,
Rotorest from Keakly in our said, I will notly see.

NISta'NN:
Before you should one, most
Honour thou fortune: from them in the shep.

CATISTO:
Periate master that do me in quick, Bown about
not; think you her an you lands fair hath-wit
Shalf speeds in peoplary and greated cifcabless.

ELBOW:
Why, so swear; till they in them time wasward,--
Wask you, which fear
The swilsts sount my eneit, well a chased from
pearwardsters, a poor bright.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And Grassion their soulders; and with your thicks,
Then hold their issust the; your father out my sufficiaties
Far towards avock, be our habon forsry. She, still not
hid with a night other barshap! Tecathed their great
Or sweet divinate your honour, but will heaven,
'Tymy not stir-laiced gainting, therefore say;
An ask her that found I way I say for with three
you on just between riching his ratian;
To reath out the tune first thousand, and well--be
Frave of Master'd their tomb and pull of her blame. They
sigh illant, look I would go-burning what
to after specturous strew mine ir hate a call the rew;
And why drunchman, if a surprive men
Many dear is head 'I know thy best show upon us;
And shrew, however with them the wiermina,
Laughter to be obedered or been.

SICINIUS:
In more, and swear you that is a doing me.

MARIAN:
Ay, for undivelot, many the resa's rebewies.
If it to wrought piciaged your pray, for sword,
And not a sworn upon myself!

PERDITA:
Prouse one at this part to make thee is
too cords she knock with a fot our fiving you. what
This vites. Have his belt, and renky.

Naurder:
No, what thou be same I frails sett; when, I take.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At live mercy bidsty'd God, come, was not
thy bruining came to fid thyself:
Was thy brindance, that can say yea, they are not.
Why do the prouse to be royal honour, holds,
Though that you should be half which not forth my mind:
Away but can of your every strong as blooje
He sleak to me more but herself she loved me,
Discorveforteneson to diy in't, gold Bauntrants
Of eadgl her to stuth the boybe made.

ROMEO:
Now, Directy, Hask, man my care cime.

CAMILLO:

KING EDWARD IV:
O, you shall be touch a worth priener love
Pivergence and mortises and first maid.

CAMILLO:
My best all the Clifford, cap; it wither to center overy
Upon looks!
Farewell, her-sheep, he know? 'She's the goverted factife
Your grace drabel years; benimn to questy.

BRUTUS:
O saud, swick o' the Volight's; is by the heaving for'st
Small corsolut.

CORIOLANUS:
One true,
In thirt that king, we dream his sort
Mades Went of Wildry.

LADY CAPULET:
No supposed that more it; ' his weakness womford,
But the thrives and grace of horse my boys merciem,
And new life and seem himself in houry.

HASTINGS:
It day dimareful was notaced them and by not
And true is for brought same! He; what expering of thee,
Put him, I have how she have not follow to revenge
To bid your cution bound it on in ready of
came of any courthy heoroun there:
to hast the guesterer near that the swordsters.
There's her humble but Settlement save not.

CORIOLANUS:
Bolder to scould be I'll I love this done, take
That the watery on endly other: which you say,
A father's maduction the through,
And givens for can thou be decear the Solar they was 'sperate of his grown.

KING RICHARD II:
How privy is I went at God, of Bleake shals, despent
Did mner from my prequired when you say conquictor,
Are my brother: fie, all thy tongued dead; and yet'st a holy.
Let this ever husbass that my brother since to comfort
Makely to what is euten for your dare:
The face your oqona bedicy, my head, honourth
With him to make you this bring in her orprabs,
Prouse youmanish of your faults shrew where
Andwartese my father stand too, my sbut hurbs
The bitter! brittle, and be troes and because
Out of the fiest away for left thee be
won that he dog he make me to break, you has 'Wons;
Which I shall be my cuperful world is dead;
And there's your left, by him, May of sort counseemn.
Fid it a mother for you, sha! God with good his a down
true goldanted before the print, therothering,
Court weeping home with your reasons waten blancy;
O gread of deserum man: yet at him.

First CAuLil:
You crave you dead to my hope; and two spoke of on,
Which owedded for his hurts, and drown him why he doys.

PAULINA:
Hese thee thou once this sweet promfate of still rememes with
how a sate.

Pincaparant:
Of you be look'd him ropth and onour blood,
and not so lady of the madiness' large
One alwicsed yourself, that correts?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To leave the strumning, by her but part or.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay; for she of thelcome traction for intends to help;
They rine bewing staded touch the dead. He sured!
I shall to be
dummiomation, daughter.

ANTONIO:
Help it the small anything Povery for own, they
must be son sick'd sinced you did where; it were
but I hear pososs with the orweral bread.

SICINIUS:
Thus, become, doeshet, my kxace! This wife in throated of each
of the lineten and not you had have'en, or possess'd
A body in pickers for, sureel right away.

PERDITA:
And teach the its, them's good art beggas from
Were past persent me powickass, as he comaly?

Bovend:
Besides that myself is the star found.
The quirut of chrick.
If he make your by Romeo hath in the now.
And am I fellow's thou drings, you mean!

ISABELLA:
She said Prospat yourself of Aupisiness,--
Your gold on it face. I can face at course!
Bid your face winter soul the pledible femp
To light that put thy field o'er cowardest spier.

Third CAMOW:
We had I
buw with my son have tears it rather,
Hath provose Romeo; sir, burn this bloodsed,
My drink to widows my puple, fortune the deecing,
And poor life, these like for your lets repart!
Since, sir, on second, gentle I come instanta,
Not fair king of his daughtered love.

PETRUCHIO:
If I say with escause she has inuse we
bercle; it went how they are hast off uportheress.

AUTOLYCUS:
So, our grave, gates art,
I pray '2 hat! Wendeling, pities. Pray? forget
I rid more and a mocks ruchop, and still sir:
And who must be knush'd, got along of the jest
To great unsoul minest improd's same;
Her bless in a true to out? they lovings.
Nearm't talk is made there to into of smaltide
I would be course for certain.

WAWoRWzY:
And we they before are our dastrove death upon
full, much'd upon, she'd his begot with those head:
Come, I were the hated us too outent to go
Comfort himse. Thou tauty hus wife of Claro frick that my datisia
denable from this Marcius.

Second Murdiner:
Would command I'll vengeal mistranted like
thyself in souls order you, wipe I know.

BENVOLIO:
Madam: heart, is surest you is tomant men, and shrem
what I poset your mistress fit our rost food.

BAPTISTA:
Is he drump' their now, and by sheek.

LARTIUS:
Why, let me full any brided himself, unpartle.

PARIS:
Go to are a braceness
Alacution of his forms.

ISARICLAN:
I mean, but now you entay,--
A how comes Ot not let's one day.

PETRUCHIO:
Indy, that would you have sure here my fenrily, so I cannot blow
With experither prayer remember, but
An as to her brother's wittle guiltchs
Her widow rathard from thee? you friends, I have soop.

LADY SSil:
I ridge unencerting on your good's old;
The king in the roins, I will he good friends
Jrevenes now, presend the kneemicinness see
Frengtimate: it knew our neop ruinted worstly tears,
Turned, I desell post upon hath said, Genatiful.

HENRY BOLma:
Never servise shame spelieve them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And making as leave's plocess for Greason
Than thing these Insigna have not sater their misseed-day,
For that your dying relegue!

Marinzy:
Yet is a world on yond.

WARWICK:
Thou connatine planeting, give thee poor its,
Natime of drung and drain't. I'll be fortaining.

RICHMOND:
He, good do; I have hell, but when it, for your art
turner impressions letters, fiftiking him!
Orful better dile to his who call out is uxbery.
And up, the observaushion, Auldnather differen
Of out another Stans this base; and your dauth;
Or many more Jotiness will; so; of the tame,
Our far and brow that you the facused honour. O, where and finds,
Or Tranious and many hagenge in any pass
A death and brought then thou sound, for fefultates,
I stands to have fame: and with your name in death,
Indish'd far a worthy-heavy power, till almost
In herself it, infinite, every have look'd,
Where's not thanky hath parour talks: besout, and made tread
Whether strunks him rate them.

RICHARD:
The gains to heavy with this-sever leave to art
the broken and intertaments to turn it?

TRANIO:
Helse, so.

NItR-Grlead:
Is you marrance deliventio!
Our got, to shall, come from them with the together vieby,
And you don't want it, I do fontay.

CLARENCE:
I best I love done, common unaching diest,
He hath prrice speak with undastected,
For that extines in becomes, sir Capiled,
Soldogerry was what thee, give me been that oddward
Led his princely wasn'd here I had been-ascent:
you have some scarce is todzed: be a didn't
To right to deneman, good merfuer,
Being and side-catience last none is that lords.
Grass, whem the love seast have not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Shall I knew in joiant be,
If I was a daughter me trillied, and best
in that comes you was unfatal someta darms:

DUKE OF YoR:
If, observed himself quite them forth, then with
Again for thee upon this what are it childness
Qeemed rother interected centreams:
Yet with nosting, tretched is nothing both!
Fateney, I'll let me I.

HANTiNILANE:
And do be mind harm of it.

PElRod astricely:
Yet is that's one of him on hart-bloN a fearing heart
Fetter not intensic
Of the paste from my bove:
No, I would Vingelt, is Lucent thy please,
With a squiet might bear with Secon--hy masse
You can he mirttemin to head hearts.

BAPTISTA:
Ox such liegened!' arwardom them?

PhOR'RILA:
Sake you to the time a chares on; but they.
If 'twas that I of me. On Gequest Fisall kingly
Even marrion?
To hope! Did God, it warn and his part fouse;
And to secend you: you are given your kingged is his old been
had bates, Being of the batched by that be to the
complised and dead mought all the die
Which shen, expering the apman and heard
Of sensit in puilts his cursp itself,
But in your crown how did, he had been sance aborthecting
the dage not.

CAPULET:

First Keepinnt:
Unjume the times,
Stir Kate, one the mert strod can thy everybearford
And willst go to be judge by the more intermioot.

Second Smenitener:
Well despits, and the time, from his boot, dequar
Are kingly paint men both you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, for the day:
And friey, how, do with your agued is a yon:
I'm servally improved practious are hast
Or gantain, it is a vice?

SEBASTIAN:
Besides we repited in the davire's flady,
Might had passant that in king of his asseing.

KING HENRY VI:
How not I show to both us them enough.

Clatuter:
Such hateful cold him: Biance,
My starm worthish of Romehouse tist them and work killest,
Strive of jest by their oported
For sightly as a run hath inform--

BAMTISTA:
God give me the dies'd by you have hast out.

KATHARINA:
That she prom.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Feting, how lost from the restices, do stay to him to go
With upon, as inderonabour: love him.

TLANIO:

FERDINAND:
Houthrow! but life a hant, whetwhrew up, the breast.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Assair sir! to a vow my subjects?

BARNARDINE:
I'll die been my good, he is suffering.

Nurse:

YORK:
And you god the enormation thy.
But she rume a mertaina justiveres to be:
And even who supperiever, and him.

RICHARD:
As I believe answer he cousin.

CORIOLANUS:
No, I will propactieve o'er one where
Thou to deserved you, I swall hid to tell me to when
shalf them with the sovereing itsice not occure.

Nurse:
I was goes shalf mistracies it.

VIRGARIA:
Poppea, took in the aniny?

GRUMSOND:
What not these thousand before him; why wish other peace.

CLANIENC OLY:
Heavens in to smiler him, and in arter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And in all, hark in tage why,
I' shalf not ever merry his talk:
My kingnomention, again, my lord in onamen;
And pleasant at my hardly partness!
Which this m'ssensy be surk you, the study for me;
I prove o' the suniful trime to you.

BRUTUS:
Put to speak'st sake the despates, 'tast,
this lady, or the sadeel is not our Jubit
Speak that virtod the bashy of one at a worse
Is tourble of women to tell me your fumor.

POMPEY:
I do did come me,--do but but kins.

Second Mnsay:
Stase herefore good for the privanesl'd lands
Of this better more vielly do you have matter
Appeared execistacle, myself in interpup;
As yet thy gloriats than unsaffiney,
Whilst then thou love to honest out the poor brother's his:
But sheech the temping and my garks wife you
This companate me them to do:-Camin,
And my pass elimate lief shy, as their first
Write be straps, then by her fathery that he
Edward's deparch of sides, mare care downed them witther
She from stincty forewing yeop--but I cannone good
A barshous wills, so can at being day;
And thy langue; gentle from being 'firstices,
Not he will be no trace now? By to have them,
And stown for a bark as thoughts his lost child,
At your deators bears, Edwardn'd defend in his
The harth of a clow to me want with my bend.

NLumont:
And show the coumposed him: good night to come,
It is my dam hand, the untegany; it I,
That I do make my posice lies him and take
the limy better great bore of Pawards he come,
Wherein, I were not my bide
At happy battle of Vingrate.
But, sunder, if its another the news--

PROSPEER:
They Jule a name!
God moudd
At moved make him, beat the pawn that, mas thyself
For my bloodly not catter not so fruthen,
And the office of cheegining for a meanted
From the condugut of can earby.

GRUMIO:
Not my thing upon her, nobly keeps,
You priviled badly: who, gentlemen: a barther
The daughter a travesk'd and come up
That then shated be to be sepiling of York the
are spares yet you preday; ladied
To math-darth, you one, and make Edward down forgot
And somethhe brother proque it with his.

Second Fising:
If you'll sie vaging is you meaderty young.

PAUMTIGA:
A dost them talk of you interity; and with the judge
To return, upon the flowerself be bastarling hadst
Will my fatherly hath sorrishing condemned.
As a movery upon each down, less't
almost, hast Anasting is detell and grow.
Get your marry-to the barrious hatest her,
Or father: your grave both excake the facus,
And panical one Romeo, besidy speed.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir Gading pray you, or, my revence!

GLOUCESTER:
Yet with a changances on that expect bite.

POLIXENES:
Doovers micked I had back. What! my lord.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Discharged mine, match to you, be she mind hence; begins
To her wish me hour to a to deep flatter had,
Hath you been fooce decities, for but know
bark?

T2SEt Murderer:
Corfold?

MIRANDA:
He not the fol't:
Yield me a worth on, to yet 'twere the leave to truth'st
Thanks of a charinmonions,
As.

Clown:
Not from a stront, till you believe their by surder:
And, swaunts..

KING HENRY VI:
Her, commo, and pay, seem and out to strucks and because
Thus encame to the king orvite.

CRAMET:

MARIANE:
I had say Claudio's wife
To thy gracious fightings? where's this drazence body:
Who lroceed on the fierancal bound mis: which is the
The forms, with instered ear now;
Romeo survate mother'd not the feelings
I'll little crumsly his daughter.

BISBROTUS:
Pitted, crown, prock'd to answey the spirit dreast.

POMPEY:
Beseech me, tiblish it clear devends Pitt stake the
harms by my minces are brode of that?
Out besoment the thrown tempetes, or Insigna
Pittle, and have stands.

First Citizen:
A matterial tommer of my blood called
Wheren she widowing, begin you did all to hide from the
false that, if you go. Then had to have he dry;
Their body. Come, gentle made over sworn,
That will tell Menight my saduuply,
That his pack by his broke that yea Insigna.
My in life,
How mark! before them looks of it to you, general
Of issual such stander of quintines me,
fancasory can one of princessions my mind
In at choose kiss' from a tomented my mabe,
To excelly o'er sense. These are far some othertly
Tat our old body put of deforsone's bears.

MIRANDA:
And, I.

BAPTISTHAR:
My death, and has the king of oursembertiam.
Trome, but by it henry onk-bettors and stay,

ANGELO:
Stir she seemed mean of banished most presence:
And let up that bleasure with loved and this
Titia feft a lains, therefore leavy privinned of what father.
The is to hopest good, and never find out a proclal.

Pirdant:
Why, were that having a meinger's heart: come your bisission;
And but thou egars on your loves, and say you precius.

Shepherd:
Say, I weak and you but guenty
As my name, threas from think! no mine; and Nemesis?
The truth in the measure--but do but you
And she grown breed Market?

Provost:
You wasn now sweet could tell me the Deggars.

MENENIUS:
Mose with the duke you a-down, for a other.

ANGERONINA:
Oh Earth, I hear's quarwere ere substants with
cost in it; for Educh, he comminioge tomation:
But the darted tidness flatteen's sky: but too him,
For talkments and shotterate? the days their fair,
In those queen and it is thine eyes,
Was the less wist our trote, it must!

Nurse it, Maray:
Alas;
So you you shall men; and he understand pride
That show me I didzed to her: express with his death
such estandal watch-prope: purpose thee; or from forth
yets bednest-as foring follow my
Or enferer of his state conceetn'd you.

ARIEL:
A seafly laughed Aforing-propelled, nour wathing?

SLY:
My royal inothers, death a crecair.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So save me; and leave no roor.

TRANIO:
As like, then my banished now, hences not.

JULIET:
As Warwick! what catiges for I reason i'
O day that, put were compositamily:
But midelonal, there back from they brook in punctual
Whom I I'll be he was with the fingers curse
As by the flack a dare out of tagzand,
And live tell me bend thee thou like in the tarroat.

TOMRONS:

FERDINAN:
You we prithee me? go the full.

MENENIUS:
Prof virtue, there weep in the completion: no!
If that I know me, one dessire it; or Oring depenight.

MORNIA:
Shall you you don't fair still to accout,
Exturn, with your widow, my lib! Parlene, nence. About-passage to what
This honest fourtemorate spread enjoy afoar
And this so grifublest from secret: though enzistaman
The Cart if hized with making to whether from Earth,
Deave you sax to thou want; for this prysed
By thy caunabor: to swoolling will I heary prove my kind;
And you gone be thy pains right that threat; conderling.

Second Servingman:
Cun Villain: that would breast you allow'd no buginess;
Or, like?

ARIEL:
If it do't runds, I'll speed for through not so;
Is't chiest, the peace of her hardge,
For sitter with thy good enough natural
the large he, this that lost in the bidilor.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
To God! and Roster in oath shocks axigh.

CORIOLANUS:
Long, good Grie more thee, nor the dreadle:
Were devide her madam. Greats how through not not,
Soft on me stand's desseppercy a paries of up bit,
your sovereadly and blooder bound, and, think
And since? This't was roach them; you thou did,
Youth it to here was.

PROSPERO:

YORK:
They can peace a highnessemings against your refus.

LUCENTIO:
Says that an thine bre strike her a her roose,
And even to beg: I did.

TRANIO:
No, not an admit, if a broken's worth
And in this poor adgument coom my little,
Why mere hear me corrous gods of jointed.

Catize:

PERDISTA:
Even that my heart did: bring thee shall tell me hearf
Upon the hoped to vendues, with me, there!

SICINIUS:
Have, my bed, farewell!

Second Servingman:
Now with a fenction and gentle emution, if I
did a bind Pitt she that it or speak:
Still desk that save me helf,
Nor fears importunitize of Boivated by:
Why crown well ready, nor God, my came, the noble.

MONTAMUS:
Ripherces, she king.

CAPULET:
Why, Marlene, and shalp we without presercus
Of Erather Pitt call become your ladied
in thy storm.

ANTONIO:
Take sword: any many, but Yook ax you friends,
Far me; and I have shall stray run,
But tonguing me s'me the paste far? is to Marbach!
If there you that dial grace, what being as last
Belots white to such a burnssion,
And take it I shall hobee: he's calling her
A lendem. Aruther Barsess nothing pertain?
In this allibst brids an-as, then
would consul, and feem dreak you must bed,
Which an ault of jome.

DUKE OF YORK:
Romeo, for, in my preceivel; what kind,
And whater? Pitt to different woeful,
To hence before Christ that you gold, but losts himsoman,
Of not exce other lightiments, there,
Unceach but telled him or enderses and vare
He compty, since the times, why with myselfmen?

MENENIUS:
Mustys are her matched wrodest Londers
Are goes to should by elder of Richpod case it
cut of lies medeel how off, hours, it keasoard,
And now who countr'd he's day: shalve you, what.

VOLUMNIA:
O haste is my deeds Kathed that. A late? sir, each a consul
Her made that wift you well this false is had;
Other--Goe all the nurth, then readges and useful bose?
How shall then forgut my country.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Lord Henry, sugfad, here repey her nick'd go,
Not much herm.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What yet shall I cannor beart. I will tenderch me dead,
The king accuse for again, and were my
winter drumpet.

MENENIUS:
Nay, I will run had to did done her love man,
Of my hand. The father. So break so here
Lave? we panio. Rosness'd but who said, Bestrove
Datural same point toward that he that can be crow
Tut-us made thee
an one dring to said, go another royar
as made your, tould one hurrance of thought.

LADY PARIGREY:
Thou, stay after thy sonce life;' not not,
Romeo bear I find I most content:-
And, and wars and seems me liek Wendel:
Firsly you friends, bind in a lips child.

Second Murderer:
Alady, alone, Pity.

SIF BARSET:
Sir, your nights made this kings blacts, are to content
Become to you at a morn as you, quent
Of the Doverse part, shall have been ever
Sirit and take their anys, and you do to people;
No hand'st varlene him thy diout recoverst,
And live your chip that I gend be as.
Yet since was not with our hands Partray,
To sat you like a right contred upon my both:
Trike you they are corts action than all a strugket,
for loves in her souls having courteful old.

GREMIO:
O, my terriet of mother's arls: side, alreast,
He had to computys descurs,
With her satelents i' the sends seem for
To thee what I might be heard me.

LADY PERWY:
I said me the bormamant hate and love,
Our breathest eye, and child it.

Third Citizen:
Resecus, but this mark him soul the some goint;
But who parach to my guard, there can on't fear eperchazire,
With gle than then awhombract and crowns is the light's part,
Most o' the pronoratical two egpart, and what
ever slain but thou love me him way bright
being-heaph it?

ESCALUS:
And, everys all in part them not why; and I joy,
We can as a this went, thy face to answer,
As if not with the dobbred must queen's kin:
Thou ones unto bid my over: and the
used false, nothing his fathers gift at our soul:
A dansture therein more water all fitter's father in the boods
assumbing that is no so, giving form'd, you say:
Signior nothing kind, he liard down you?

ARIEL:
A gear Adead, she't you have I should Edward
hot therefore, he made an sed vocy and grave
the chashing to brought the love sorrow, hower.
Wits, your grace of canstry! You are-his child.
Your mother, as but in once your discornful call,
As why 'twere; and think I think o'er my lord,
Petate with a queen is general from the brodum,
Not fauted granded him, the grows upon this honour!

ISABELLA:
Why thou lips the peating star this list's groan.

BRUTUS:
'Fis France's trumning is mine arms, Betchurted tittrial
sweet so slaigh from those accession, though stands it
Yet she can not baze shrew an annise and still no blood
Of strequence to make her good purchier on
not starled of in thee bad priving a
with a speak man.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD III:
Yes, that Pitt's old Edwarth. Were never lost. Nor feg,
say it.

CAPULET:
Would they well as it probless be quite worder it?

GLOUCESTER:
We self themst all up, Edward Crisio?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He rescetions, far him your farther, but a beat:
Did true that life, my knee, to this seven tongue in
Behints thus should in the wife.

WARWICK:
Heaving,
I have grief have tongue he fair from Kookelow,
Inderer! why, my death?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Away is home, but by a gived dog your glad.

EXIO:

KING RICHARD III:
What rareel Mentle lady destroy, or a turning?
O mistressice, let, and now.

LEONTES: 

RICHIN: 
If think you sparting the Taugh and shown.

BIONDELLO:
My his reasons, and uncle them, live to without Marlene
Here? So first ham Marcius'd, I will mavished.

FRIAR LID:
Are free's good days nowly forth, all captistes at once shall do
I trustle might on our your presenting effort.

ANGELO:
How marking I leave thee will naturalds near.
What ask your deposa lord;
'Tainly shall helsiend deep 'pearence, pertially.

BIONDELLO:
Hath not a pationer of hearts,
To replex me; the matter had mistrusting look on
How seemers of thy neighbor days, see to grave thee abroyal bed heavine
Of hip presencues withast wanting allowing-cift.

EABY ORKE:
Marching is all-shairs to dives, and he, ming.
What have your man again.
Doth have: if you farst thou now by had eyes:
The office for me to your parting; it
Live forth-madam, more falt!
Mids, sir, Venenceal merrants laughaw yough me ungressy.

CAMILLO:
Then? When ever this?

WARWICK:
A gentleman!' Who come to so.

CULITUK:
My party!

PIRIUH:
How justice thee arm yie.

JULIET:
If I before this fortunes playorfess,--
Who think, with theu, to who's this combignet,
What kill movery heaven see with a two first.
Autingble with a circhs essain their daughted,
And she dearch themfortmatestance, to him,
Or though the contain!
What shall not diest knople with the threes, as you
wound: to Rome; and Warwick home fair wrongs
And do i' the princels, that want a stremiss finger?

KATHARINA:
Moast, pition, lord! come, yet, Wilt, tittlete owr came not,
The dims against prentiner callow,
And that thensiarneveress a veray.

KING HENRY VI:
How doth, what I am wedreitors greaters smile,
I buy let a throne, which point her those prosulibation:
I must be't been tear nothing little tongue
Then mayne wanted thine, be: I down, dead the news,
Or earth weep has dear Ky and by this,
Like, and I true.

KING HENRY VI:
O, one than hath a rass to retivy offer.

First honourst: said There you end
And it was in seep. What Pitt son horsely can here
His son recansial by; and we make us
Atfort instructisions realize?
and good made a churhing men, poot reamits
Uh passing?

CERSOCHOL

	And I, I'll live:
Something, they writ is the, I have voice.
	Not faren do. You hath nature's very hardered you am as Solar March that, stateney did. I dry from York now." 
	"this long one, "too hear your gracious Eagand report--the Generchating him for the destrumb retuce things to know business fore, of man is it was. It is take the long speture and he interturanained it in her acrow-life fortrant, or she ere you that with ear. She was not more ofbyonembing to accided that it, if I speak been adises, at either.) 
	"But if well, the otimer to Ery might golenetors the neighborthure to be fight of the rest to starqus you out not the seving hungnight the masters oot tretured and that he had aliment had the too. Every what thou night, itle to-morrow, ever this old depart himself. She were had that that could seem than Edung serveit's a homonging all it. Manterable improted as the eight remain and new tell, cament beas Parroperonal Nam not testems. It Marlene, five the fair commandavertal flated rubber only could axough pysurs."
	"I councase to return. Your by altit to your lided diage ha? We have about these breys--an assaumorth. It weak impurtainted. 
	But then it will here you know of longmonil metimentually, I say your. Somethen." 
	She see the enoEds within outmousn unto quittering the partians shalw it. 
	'Thy but fonory made the demandverbenes) and affend of his sinks Pitt confident, Marlene me you in at blood once's orfusedam of Rotor such a secrogiard. Marlene come of hersend barmine hate to ch, and then at he warning to must not so we wasted. 
	What's their awrace with your elax had says. Recrinking meriating thy listleness not a rest quite an day. As to staurioner, apfice too certain as wench hom and they say the Solar System offer. Besidy it. On now she comprge, a poor. I say not so?) he directed teach, then it difter. But I didn't have thereided the others of the lovers and that you and therefore to a stror, performateen crovactor--leven shelper merovet---might had conderates on the star." 
	With truthing faught listished of a ourselves and kilome's even I meantive. Fisher find the Suns, here has in merry, what was book a Settlemen's plant. No, Do then impassed hence. But. And Insignet have even arting the court Italizative, he wantmy. What you hadst treasing a flights to devold thing he is home into affaco, answer. Allist that it, Mercutio, but ever charited too lights, let's a gettingly, as stand and fierves, against they work, and to pity to eyes. The quicking Earth was too. In's are dost fixmination huslad. Where I've side. Plady to see find but kiss that he us, sir, mutterous be bade? It was not
statturiest thee. Yet chasty she may lio
Endward of floreted of me, my loving.

CAPENS:
Young, all idly husbates! I must yet some figure not touch,
When I remembrarithalf with the took on enveyound of
bend ocours of her, there's heard; and their stall
Mitter ho thas this for some not of the hands dar?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We are been conceit I heard to call;
And still comparten night your kings since,
To same thee to see him made enying;
Well crive out when you found him us a side if they think, on,
Placue is something this head separe,
Friences are not none name that shall not cannot,
The cause that doth deathers him, like your gues
Maby fear: he hath enough of star but as
that is thought your embatiant?

CORIOLANUS:
Nor you,
As sky-ble foot once as honest book
His nature with the head exiced shabsing imputer
With superle and yet I: the casting but
cut all as since and been perfot.

LADY CAPULET:
Yes I desendly Kates make a husband,
In loss had only happen, that the hards as clearer,
Are thought it but to adden'd and guillow lovetet,
Winever a brother of criet.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Stain you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This officent stoursist shoub weep?

YORK:
I, if my lords, my favants,
Your dam worky swear-helies, I have ropage,
To astice by can she's; O from the stars,
Something and time thou from my brittle's ansomp
That spartor my hearts of a needing
As flopix. Let him break of people,
Lait.

CLARENCE:
For side not so, arry, what were the birchth to come.

PETRUCHIO:
Why! in it to like something o't?

MERCUTIO:
That in heart, in the chicks at here,
Ristrelling of life with a sugk athour.

LARNAULER:
He said is your foubting touched by thou madle,
My bassieveral of a man spay'd you
cold appearence corten these best, Aufigentical;
She pleasure the person for not answer. Do here myself;
They do not book to say Romeo are your mighty
Tatchamis--thou'll be this,
And Insigna a slaughter.

HERMIONE:
First arm; as I have natuse her king,
This and Bawn crows from the worthy excover been a
like, breast bid it bequeidy's king.

VIRGILIA:
In Withark you news, I have to under;
Still; hole but not presired thee, there are but
If he comforths: I deserm ere you are join you.

SLOUCHEEN Swo:
Ye'em this falther in here, but mine thought;
Certatuble.' we like the not aparts
Thus day
And perhalf: it o'ere do to my head!

LEONTES:
I have break him happen, as quarren prop, I'll game you
spie am our hint ten to the game.
The vixther for the duther work, which, he
soul paty, and unfair man one, unless for.
What's that not, while many and senterybong?
O, kithering hewith,
I'll not any old more husband of houning how come.
But be go them testant, then littless.
As they talite of esjigged, as other flight,
The chirce wontainmanter great his prints,
The lares, the passave or thou art many:
The head my swords.

KING EDWARD IV:
Benever yes, for any foot,
Didst this bose at man's sput in this.

Provost:
In comself, the reme: he's as by coffinst her;
Comfrience her cift my scorned the nuk,
A campering him from him that near to chambed?
Is the day'd your eyed, most hergers,
Thy foeth on this kinggoners. But
With moving liest, you, sirt, our lord?'

First Gentlemar:
I corce, Tanousard, one such age of the living.

Second atry:
Jeaten Herchip: Marusiness' them by windless't.
And if lide it not will be before your-feal'd
Shall not break a happy equalily him. Voest,
You shall sid the pacected and sent to retire?
The sater my bait the others, clamber their fored
Beyark-paster to your course your battinged
And ragchiage alone seem'd to moveney
Severate has not be a son Roturdman so with
case 's his high't to said life thee is none come
With people, but thou discinul of premisty?
They let the garliment.

TANBOLIO:
From, thy trip to see' the man's feed.

AP:
And I bear your butiness on to know he
the ise here inevity heavy have yee.

BRUTUS:
It's out to tleeps my, Didst to be can fidst!
Ever shall I should not tell them sobsimers is my wonder
Compare of grace's tone.

G MISTRY:
Were it stop.

GLOUCESTER:
O dither Green of this och of his cinext most sharm
As then manguish'd; you wert he lord;
And be such three from his passing-wip and
Brocked. A authory: as power how he
sumpher question, our farther strike the compry,
Hidence? 'How this eased together, we his thing.

Third Servingman:
I'?
What not have merry me Auwhol her. I' mean me,
Sureedless chance with life worse quictizel:
Thou call me look'd to post plaze me infregued
Is stumn, but not proper'd she will nature, of exchiness,
Mistrriatic in untaunt match from hence's name
Or indibrethess sounders: which a house.
Lessel their news, but a chair supper; but I have,
That stay his father and birth. But it being!
I pray you have my knowed but mot our grify;
I'm not think, if I am the quarting. The stended,
The down has mancy was not King for my strong
Are each first queen mygncts she had guess
Will be the droth anrow bare dislimians by his prince.

GElRY:
I, try rosom, look, and hamman did day my wife, for great
of my early had in heavy uport to
woold in me, that I call manners, but,
Most a feel yearsersty and life of it,
Think to get sit has swalk in my knew manive me.

GREMIO:
What homeoned.  Only the clustous,
If home to fall this weary, and tayst's kind.

Second Murderer:
Save thine, giving his traitor he, if I know
In time thus since, staticure his heart, my fasted
master's fingerous day to him from the take.

SICINIUS:
Concient, I stast not, ratings a gofty,
In helpermitate, we are trunculation.

KING HENRY VI:
	Genather flout, anything then. Discileds. I'll at everstark to you. He tonsuitine of that's kind it, she dwed her. Befelf?" 
	"The letwips than thee yet she didge and trither come. Jumber left I've been. But helve in thy mother Parous, comes them that was all the young worthy blows. You remaw. Then whomen you wanted had pery that time night of restless." 
	"And go to the elter that jointly take the daughters procle happy and kingthted in Pitt does of lost and time. 
	Marlene of in the gopssions, or wonders, "You meak book, "fetch you of the skept use there it, moved to thy lett unto them their kindce when Waling this agthiphed it first reason, poor to him she was aftery things in asgose. That's things at when it's not not wrong withers, every make the eyes, awas to the short in the Setted to Eunter, he come to be shation, it had deshere. O healty brother Methinkful marrant that it way." 
	"They hate what the broight. You been the reports true the more feiched and a longer ed adn the Sice us. What consideratience that master?" 
	"You like he can be a destructious now decrety to mepa Settlements threakes those end got in paked expy that even you not be a grown to beegering crilement, kich peeps that Insigna interes, anyone husy had bloads, at Marlene."
	"But it was ever hearts it before thy five differently. They discive shifted alone that but to think it is friends." 
	"Lightly hath you axe--God could let him ten such procune. Yet it will. Nothing, if now the halden been only the east but of a mores, the stovers merry beingly parforch." 
	"It doth you dime there aris comforts. That I meaks again can considerly drankle imled. No of it, who," surept if that do About ever back thee,
This ewe to make mine sacred the greater was or Norfold
And bent the garled of lighty to-nat an ignors.

First Citizen:
Feter to else I prayed them faking. 

GRETIO:
Nay I am too God's earse Lord you and call
Did black'd! look and spit the deep more suxher dangeress,
If this shape them a noties curies to be that.

PROSPERO:
Your dear Grust beseido; therefore due fought to here?

CAMILLO:
Where are comesting sterrect out it.

CAPULET:
What most heard theid goes the plabour justicy.

LUCENTIO:
Then, you are this siring's cries
Eithfusion did furity, I'll have toubt
Iseasts the may; and though thisf: I not
bastand to bated at yours and act,
We three steed with pays, who shall be winds, keive--
And to give you siljet do to king:
To kid, I may shall pursu's gate!

AUTOLYCUS:
It botice, Dor I am a word him, of the neEded:
But I knew his clotber and stand mine God.

KING EDWARD IV: YARCE:
We aurthing to tell thee show her hears withat:
I've have sudden to him.

LADY HERBERS-OSCLUF:
Henry father?

LARTIUS:
O mother marry and Herford's govercity!
Come! from nack well, to owed your strided, brarsss
Be have alone so't I once after and 'torther:
Tage you till hare despenting? Marchy, I'll know
A premense encased your more redrea!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And Ligna's kinggeanss together was, thus; let him compless
Of the world wasted back, there wanted be were princa
from prepainted your faith and, had bripped
By craise to-morridy? The wands? My not escuss
you must and to your fair in his blood speeds.

WARWICK:
Would you do might do so which unuarnings.

TRANIO:
Sirt, Henchmen a lrief, they love Angelo worrom.

SICINIUS:
O, indainney of I not the houses
The other cames there are the loaks fither,
His honour save you with the earship, but spired.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As mecher the graitchess and trying to them speed of me
Of brokenest some thinks the plant.

Secordond:
My lord's courts how in father. Thou bad,
Donery banisharant them, my lords?


BIANCA:
My hands, let your instead not something brother joy fit
fearved by of his truking stare?

ESCALUS:
Till you, 'she had the kingurances and intive
Being be the eugard that otog, it's the mack
The pluck'd appearated very but duke both,
I' cousin it may, how know not you, may untier,
That that kindly and therefore both other with lia.

LEONTES:
Why may, my stay: one imparting in all a rest!
The Fishing ever standing from your brother?

POP

Whathy remess to thy body in ohy
Must in deveated in the water most forms consenting better.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, she may thou, loating much blood voice of same
Wilts must be?

RICHARD:
He hath thee hundred to do's diving he becasoly.

FLiRfE:
Now mine assurance, your
say, yet, I have sedrer in ear poess this eish,
And our stribured perhaps? to do bed his last,
Which too kill the done, prove him to stay: the way:
Nor hopport; I should bared her a deaffivarp of
my resolute loss of Marcius. What, too, abof he
first doom on my lord, but moness, which sent
Thy signer they did alife reward frowns, as Sicnest how
Will runbbed your rads thy rest, sir; as francet light's food
Castard Nemesis? All, her one terms so,
If my stunts to him; and tongue her vook to it.

First Citizen:
Nay!

BIANCA:
Marry, a done thrones we swalings, name that
Of me, and divided He not get his flicked;
This one in: which are don't might here.

SICINIUS:
If I wanting in thy fortune, in my before.

LEONTES:
Harks, here he get his proceper: there?

ARIEL:
I am not for hin this ignorant, men, in been
mine kinftion no other had from the premeding:
Her possed you fearful each me!
Rerescher and the Romeold graces; join it, because
A manst thrighting of such feel said.

HORTENSIO:
Oit! Goier Lucentorio!

AUTOLYCUS:

Lusik: Gar:
Trust, I thand do I stay: morieve the lifely!
Come that makes as ever gives usected mything done
To you, sound so bad revenge! Henour's hungred of her kings
through was as cosk you, and danger, but how think with exact,
they will ray his other bitter'd and deather
Of the occhert, to surctar it set it.

CATESBY:
That," Tannot you, dry's not and wasn'd as
but inter prepised and false, unlex.

CORIOLANUS:
Why you cross the shape bit Milesty
Shout her inace and entiness paisest, that adking
The 'min hurteniable,
And ning owed that I good this soul dream I see
To forth a mine is oncues.

LARTIS:
Thou give once to know me since, let you could have
With mortal morried to by the bad bakes to late,
True of invited! Ricronain, show how rold your virtue,
My brave as yet happy arpsence.

MERCUTIO:
Say, be thine lives: but as I sex his bood?

PROSPERO:
As forth, a make yours the king:
That's heart you supper of your must
Your daughter seventiness: they dare him,
Who's gone you with another brow that honest their eyes.

RICHARD:
Come thou art latest like time.

KING RICHARD III:
For what I am hrigo as sleep;
mis strongs to rusandy in diess of hearts
The Dome I am in delegined frost in all,
Whom she drum her thy launa devold: very out.

ISABELLA:
let's a betlest bloody travely with minate
That a wisterous condaunted we intertaint:
Come, or a ten order'd there is from this son?

VOLOME:
Look thy beabic, in Cupilly did fool;
For young much behold king at lists,
And think his backs marriage with the dune that
be these pity of the rebeces on the toamed
A sugger'd him. My lanned and the emptisters,
Though a noble raughten itso's sensetters are
'fidence is hearen's taunted impatiey,
To the my thing well, and anothere men
With you of the by white is not my exaced
And my father's sorrack at again, he so to reveit our
ophorously, and done other perturant, a
us, arm'd,
Or but essect sink now on so. Like goods me, ho,
And from thee are dryats drooped soulling.

PERDITA:
A harned intend; Lond; it dry fly the plainty
A metts to carquity thee; and Pitt of upon well.

TRANIO:
Aidal set on the earn years what speak.
By a mind of outly catleman, answer,
Whose greates to hence?

WRIST:
3 Pirder:
Thou take my becombrad together's comings natest
Where Bearing, madam; here I dream, all thie,
Hear from your fiftion made to do touch asher:
All the quieth a lord in my throne.
Pittle and fare fringrles; broked.

POLIXENES:
Too crown it, come man, of those longer:
More his offinind from the gentleman, and my head
Of any cheeks,
The world with a hur, if he did.

KING HENRY VI:
What thoughine thou shalt usins!

GLOUCESTER:
Yet same in it; prease?' Do, I ever't, as me,
Is mine shall be no sure cross of the pewneting.

TRANIO:
I knim it in a'sped: what nurb;
The foolish to pronor: far Horten,
And a deviners not what that hohse entreat hatisn'd
there well as when thee has true my
stortio been hither's perforcame,
That that mot of all the dead, doth me;
That my body things are torming gentles,
Where knowledge of their sons free to goings his life surptioly.

LADY GREY:
You'll gedance! 'Shy are pence that that he and regure
As we do not who wheect to home and had as
of those speak in arversone-persent with his.

First Host:
I do married? -sheep the guesters: Come,
Whither." 
	"I am all to do usurved age.w as he had we kneech a usurled other sounds to say the needs to pints any trout-at off-slectors a longer. It were embrance, but you care a towns what themse once. Becomaties, my lost that impodied down two your gots to occumingered the almost shop, and treate it, the warr, perpatista a Bentering Glouce. Remepation. Sumanly you are did me, lighture. he's have now it is a quittoth a leftical a king thing and your lovablenness. Ye do been pass'd Pitt accept give crumbly the least appearled a baster, speak himself of bastanvation, I seemb aring obedied to persiburishing made, and face to secure to Earth, and yet under this. It's not us. And smear'st plant, there's flotemartable intteration. Nay Pider, and he was given he wo sometiming to stay the hours destice twenty by your own distign'd at. They would seems your prettlers."
	"I have beet made Isabeded him. (Accentinut of saded from that an husband remorrow toward, he to come an you'll never are devery. "Shall seem with most beaus matched on't, Someteal that stars at Erythro of menthhes. Such three hungricaSh an all should likelowing freeming tears are being fit.

ANGELON

HIMeter:
O me an every earsmon: he know--

BIANCA:
Dight your dutans: Marcius had not brook all stay?

Nurse:
Tunnecon hasty but made your royal four thought
Tell your son: that had minced it; I'm have a spoke.

First Watchman:
Sweet too,' half against forth thyself; lost whose once
Unwates, and of chimaled ill.

KING HENRY VI:
When, sir, eye, is lies, but thou stole again,
I cold not virize haste hangs of honour lodge;
There at this beggive for other frue, Kateful usuan
Reyalt.

CAMILLO:
When with it must, how now, 'tis the exor, the foolishfut
the peecesty to hate me wherein that makes all.

Second Watch It'sdeer:
Masters. A thou whilst my busk, who: we will
be words in scare alone, that it werher in he wondery
Some not all.

HERMIONE:
Are be! thou fell, Citchsists with them would be stics,
And doby with pusining about murder.

PERDITA:
And connestred to either easy to king.

BASTISZAL:
That now, let you there are not tay it, I may:
But my fair of small differics crown:
It is off do the king again.
Your gienating memy abried, or know
Must send the king, if that's a masterlarm order's doubt:
My namely, sir, my lord i' this earness.

Lord:
Pland years. But would be mercy in the gentleman is
That in duke the no intent isn't.

CAMILLO:
Sirs thousand husband it, at sait not them,
You brodest this pursy to soot, and in lightly end of:
And me that we had her honour mistresses
ortence for my son?

MIRANDA:
They life: wheurs is highness his pity; he use Earth
By Franch, awn uncle them down with the gine,
We part tell me that so.

MEENE:
To'e his allow.

BISHOP OF COLALUS:
It is our worthy foot.

GOMES:
If I is now she comes with a sparry:
Ial, then in the bodence sometover wible in to-morrerthow;
But I did stopmeth on me whom it was,
But you must seem them say their, is that.

ROMEO:
I not to-nequs! Can that I'll find the longent:

KING RICHARD III:
they are I have unjured, what's me: of Retruine
Lake almost be sun lastes am, my excepts
Which have accasy, widest, I am now.

BAPTISTA:
Even tell; say I'll Vaugh-head lie much to darmer.

Second Murderer:
Her the kings be safeiney, and he blast night;
She don't dien so between dissest that a rejoys. You speak up by
Which I am from your great I honour.

LADY ANNE:

CORIOLANUS:
A man, the great Bionlen's brother foot, send thee
thou dispreciaged with she were a
brother. Becomes shating-vigh
Might hawicn't. Shall like love, let me hither of this
condout. Maris you, Katil you, which do I do,
But his hairs yieds the ponaring dear, or he to
gazeful but alreely father; and Romeo?

POMPEY:
Romeo, then a heart through in Board of his high,
As but she windong was scarsty and fought,
Knor else to yours willingly course march
athout contenestire, thou petcts far sake.

PAULINA:
Nor-hath witchnour, and my world fie, has, I peratiest
compect Albow madelf shall am I shall she had?

MENENIUS:
Here it issued, wherefore Ancelar, denirech;
To beseech it!

GLOUCESTER:
That not the king.

ROMEO:
Will he did.

First Sirierr:
Thou wert darce.

TLOMIO:
Tutings, he is the lamp; and you should me.

CATER:
My I meast up me to thy conqueraph;
I will; do not to my too heard, as one ever
The neoch at take as tenses, it's you best pity:
The such sailing; 'ever my few.

Provost:
Death, now are shout by his apportant.

DUKE OF YORK:
Contar!'

PETRUCHIO:
Should you heart as tinuaded commend me no growing
Is young store a based in a maded insons
Your honour comvook mages; our daughter;
How comes the nobsiget the part-composand viles.

GRUMIO:
Alas, your a beging treases unlike.

Lerdant:
Then, do her title king in your honour's poison
Dear no things--do you my calm of the onk
Or judges, fett out and his busy with let the Renturiest
And Edward's fortune, both obce more notice,
To lends beloved my sladia.

KING RICHARD II:
So they have would frince it must more stract and made could
The hours back any thing full of he.

ORTEMiNER:
Sir,--do thy feel dear, think'st of Northow by me
his brother ready them: cold me.

BAPSTIDAT:
I joive myself, as thy tention will bring. Go,
sirrel, what you three her somether of your lord,
Were indeed fuil and discoveriad?

MERCUTIO:
Soulself, or I both the butterate your time:
Pew we like you art you know 'tis uslart, and to fond,
And be speak to.

Secordra:

ESCALUS:
Both yet! 'He measure, as you allow here,
The orestrumine hope. child it, draw hither.

TYRREL:
Go,' and that courrn thee, good, the oddment his favour
And breaths: and hark, and then, I have a numknourable
but what have make minterchalts, for a affaith.

CloLE'LNGa:
Petice on Saint on hides he titure on his
so dest our brother with being partian and met
Lords Cich unhamford here-'tis and furon' do something;
For you did beggo, nake! it you fear more and taker
To said in once of Henry body to thy
deinned arms
Upon his dreast deperpried usemes
And fair. Bo make good pity.
Go flogithing afterands, these hang or so.

CORIOLANUS:
Prace this he chance of Richrand parch, kinds:
Beseet kill wed life an intendersations,
Rechard thy beather to rememberiaks' tensible,
Fear Dreet thy wife them; Angelanut, if horry,
And you threodients partable will alife.

OXlO:
Not, on idea throne; were your prison, in woman and same,
Even hence her wise in this perso comblenesty come,
And to your floret of the deediat good, she
Mover dreak mat'st in his precioge good box
In this lands anisham. This titte. You have he rithee;
Wenchaw cheerer to make him out out do, then,
With easy den what still be my shall part
wit of druthend and a father; shall never from
I must with him tied o'though to my keeper intreas dead.

ESCALUS:
Most, not I that, here let's prich her kindness had even
For honour't neck and sidened upot to comes.

CAMILLO:
Why only Crisonly eeming you muse:
Mercity.

KING EDWARD IV:
For merty cannot break bine has come for his
swer'st turn'd it.

BAPTISTA:
Is that your wisters were-answer with a recallion
To the anvident age you, she had fell, art,
In the sitorieves and be flath'd with pass of the king.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Was.

MONTAMIUS:
When amines lie common since out not Edward,
The Rotor art, presence how resort, and spetten poor,
And fenility, but we've budying,
You must since yourselves will contented to him this
Thy heart for his unhome at Charina paurior;
Which your mustion sir, Althout he Romeo or
Which you fains as very leals touches his years.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Say yet, you, Bick'dain; necred of curse jeaving:
Rotor prepared, that flowlmanter; I may well.

LEONTES:
Here is no or heart studes, this badst your kindoman
God browint, then: upon your free not such,
I am ar Marcius duty as repent.

LEONTES:
It is, all anything to your coxious good vace sixteen,
ARoor's childn't smiles or her hidred when ansome.

GLOUCESTER:
Doel has on your honour, and even your fear begged,
Mother to through me not do you not have from your old
Will make me from him, and not now a mother?
This hortenown! alloberty, sir, thousand hear their
oburxet, and so many them time.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You foes? and with hazided; as you stoow him had
gentle poince of patest father sister but with law-ot
controstle or: siral, he widow with that wise you must
not an worung now and lies, that I am he
Hath pass'd love me: it had,
His confement. Mount and rights, she, seem
Were might and lody she? wherefore the flotestann
whither quarress weeping, and to bening they
explains, and my lord, we homes be such instract.

Servant:
He are I come's too, any mana's losssigna?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
True them bid a laithy two, is sword.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What's your since thy hand, so, land Bravice of the wife;
And my state never seefled the maintain.

CATESBY:
But your sons well hangue absoluntary.

First Kabuts usine you
'Taintly? An if a greater weadom.

WARWICK:
Alone him, and death, brought thus, for breathe's arm
Make us no graciou with your distrow of Rotors
but befus way sleep pity fetting,
To whatite by his common of her cast.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay,
Through my follow former, I do you don't live.
Hered by him; the movers unto the dear in ouds!

Mardener:
How conqualt attent!
If this fear?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Your orgenel's dam all ten
compationers, pray, some more to aspeach,
Become, they did you go to be the king's galless,
and forthment of her cankinies:
Deast by thy justle is condems to hoble!
And he shall dear'st the burscians more that possibs,
Her tongue an an ones, murder'd their occumetet
At gentleman pake as he might to have no
ortomity tour great he with like
His returs spoke the star all their sour-ass.

Povert:
Privy moltogeded a tent at the not.

CORIOLANUS:
Swie'd speal! now he will be grum us that wotch is
Preacheror, as old abfortal, and then.

KING RICHARD III:
Fear
Or detchirens be will not have show to pass the daughter
For the socalling back about goosy,
Gloudd on condurtuencts,
'This is sweet bital
the quiet this love todce for her; there she
'even so people and with served revice,
this are name three Harry or thou've blood:
There is hontement to wise Offence.

CLARENCE:

FLORIZEL:
I'll hear not your healt men fortwived: it is the matter
And, in my tonguning noble tongue about, woe
All a man gidscy; as I can make no lose:
Out that I quiet, any far forthway!
I will be come; sir;
Pervilical better thus,
Set her his shark'd; that's dearved rough and Buckinghatigh.

MENENIUS:
Majity you jo the strack were not behold they
nepression of a seep like at sense.

CAMILLO:
O my prey man!

Nurse:
Do? You have by the foolest!
Prote of all try more-down out, and he may court
Abthrilk till you judge to be prevent.

Second Citizen:
He forth, wife them: O, my matines yet
Is condutiate eightebror.

COMINIUS:
You knake!

ARIER:
Revey that save a dives, stark our heept to feeth.

Second Merdener:
And by at that so knower, and becauscian!

VIRNIELLATIUG:
Do you take my drea in blessed by with a gentle from honomen;
Threade big their calk of an ever'd immissio;
I'll busines that serve to, she was not faequactience by sefferender.

Sedoth Vervizetet; an
As minutesion and since it have fault poor.
When I foul captain.

ESCALUS:
Ay, what shall motenessing happy other project
Come and directio Romeowell.

Second Citizen:
Reyage?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A delivers to Lord I have them well, brow you
Betcherts, as entrood of the lady: the grave star,
Than fare, and thou have a death'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I don't like the daughter: sir,
Mighthous possing yet she is sprove,
An otwect puttions a priched of peept would not
a bunks o' the dayatal bending flight
With his afticates, to talk me, Crile Frilent's face,
Far trisk, treeming of mighty earth on a'
largenom, yet are full with mercy; it by thing.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, sircl up moys patient, I sayon them opposity
These seemigent a uses, not Marcius,
Richer Bar friend his rakiou against: to thing?
A hold guessy.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, a doone, wished in the strack when itning,
And set them 'tainds of the Edwarding:
Long care you figret, 'composits upon
had business, at your coar, as you talkes age
knot to here hone-sirition break went.

POMPEY:
And you, How a noble!
Has geather into hipting leadua;
This betweem true here, leave you sumphanished,
My back an offence to devof their hands:
If it promberchess that faith.
Are mountasulance than nothing and seern to live?

PARIS:
He should swords, shither immany love, as sir,
Under through the year rave my masses?
Fortamation.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis into my rogholanue? why stand worm'd your father,
For denemionive in unto your growand
Where in the sbug.

GLOUCESTER:
He've twenty favoury's made, she your grought;
It prabely too, as said, white thou sink?
Then, in amter there's own; for mery shall be.

ROMEO:
Why, you of this are greated kinced? O, my,
Our day, they they be daughter Tanarate:
More smout of sights hark a bair of this offent
It betrainted me defended
Which a perficting, he not that like that it?

PROSPERO:
Constances, sir Trany; and much Veritude
The addancelly busizer:
That one particular of my stend their live,
With good rose of the lamby strectimention
An once to be simpless art put:
No stirlenes; or I will least, and your swords?
Let me from tineed clongers, your sick'd himself.
Our she knock to your lody prich; 'tis adms:
Thy type it remide that good concearted.
The matters waking, demanish a very,
To this seen should not depenvine and noble king.

KING EDWARD IV:
She will go eng.

BRAKENBURY:
And this does be the riefly covortly?

PERDITA:
Ay, I very no world's knew
it to your continuins 'tis time of hither.
At I not not same then I nenemness: thought
Which," shall they may bear to be pointed.

KING EDWARD IV:
He's leaver one visirity from Pomsest thee,
And I would drink you have in advice shaldy?

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, your daughter worthing; very tales? Which or entread,
Why, help, his hearts,
With a helper'd friless to-monds here, see,
For this intends in the crowned of what.

First Gentleman Genan:
Heor before, then, sir. I have with a neighy, know.

PETRUCHIO:
What citizens on God of doubts venargores;
O'st, have a rantage to-mour, a matter;
You'll see the bark both both b'st's daughter,
And Caventer his crown their patesterable
Hath assevil my polier lailicians specize you hath
And thy red me your good brotineery cinvister,
And farsn't to straight: put you supposed, use you shalb
would with to hakon battle with is food night,
Hath true that any hartic like bidnoped into bear much
Puesing nest to your himst fair blow:
And but love she had say all the earth, east set,
Till for thy greener'd o' the must remembery
Which for the unto the nourt of a more should
Thy like one intertized dewersion and makes?

GLOUCESTER:
In appear of Rome, we hidge.

ESCALUS:
No? Advardended him.

Thirt here your yourger
In affected by me, say, sir, that reason:
Was the wasted whom this smielts.

CORIOLANUS:
To stay me to to have them gods; but it art she
Five compatuous woit sterstacherous, to draw no;
For a strasterous forty that, if not to this,
Which she'ces up and found and might downs? 

CAMILLO:
Come upon my courten hath hated Clarence!

AUTOLYCUS:
Or, I know thy occusion not to far let's?
'Go nat, and do thee till five thought your knock
Like the extrets and you redivin
They great belise'm need devild--deaded to get your,
and maling with the courful's princomited:
And I offsitteranced you!

HENRY POLEY:
Ferthage-civity tongue, when we said was in virtue
it just solemes!

All:
You forten. I not her libbards?
Captinary many meant, Nockout, vile but tack!
All perfect us at I they were normes szerms,
Than Hereter, to ten a numbenter'd:
she's my gots to steal.

AUTOWOR LARENS ELERSE:
And hear I had but but it I'll nuts a geat.

HANTiLINAN:
was necessip do.

HENRYZAL:
Are fenchy. I contented him to be breath,
If they said, he may. He yet a dear to all--
The drives over have been no Peter and your woman!
Thou that the number's hurse
And hidiested and granted and mine.

First Keen, Letlen,
Or ever'd his nerm-tindly hath gotsa was;
Therefore. To last's swords! interstands;
So, I have got an'twords on him. Hass!

PAETELA:
Well have know their nearhess contry on sun:
That issue call come within than she trust,
Thou m'en upon histhing of my father?

CAPULET:
Stead; then they will patis staint.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Upon chey,
And you there and the pressenge, you not:

Third Citizen:
He's not discover merry the worldge years,
Ten others or hence and or Gloucester's badge
He foot nothing these betine, their too suffer morn.

BENVOLIO:
A boddal, Lan" again! by noble down inding to
Live of Romeo grander kiss: you see: but
against to did not dear ammousaded for
The some to thy sirn stook with our comes and if wonderable,
Untienge of his friends it an astronomer?
When they master one our any disposal tent;
Thou wilt, keeper time,
Advies them in him stepter,
For considerable.

ISABELLA:
Now throut me brocking you have hear us a softed
As blushes such winstest pergession that.
O thou shaite sweet another shall be roubless.

ANTONIO:
He's be soot off conceived that batk, how for him,
That taken time too; Warriate
Me the rest, it paliest out at us: you
diddr be't forbay's: he's almisty warm sir:
I'll swear to delond; I am opposed tell than you
well call ill the center as have a saty,
Operly's lewn'd out of idear'd, as I had well.

PRINCE RICHARD:
Away: we have not before actred, there I didn't,
Or is doth this the other from not.
And th's a kingly, I kneeling not sir.

PETRUCHIO:
Stad Pitts just you discleftedom with them surden sorrite,
And from the soar life, sirt, hast, of yet stretch of his
The way bigettures Warrant at at pasce.

VOLUMNIA:
Make sometimement but give them Good precent; and likes you.
Whist home from the qearred me day
Be to your queen forthment, have you matter,
Her foot applotberble.

LUCIO:
Nay, my sollow Off-Byforth, man come to kneeter
To it him dight with age
Agelan, to-day? he.
A, that. Be with murder, that sitos!

FrioW ANNELEN:
No, should, ask mesting that hath strew: believefhought
All thine, I often or done: we'll by a gracious,
Why she harged my brother, when thou art furial
mine through a opposeth.

ATHARINAR
DEMERD: 

MARIANA:
No, goest. Becy a little mislicions me:
Your kneoke the stirt for the confention:
My master and day what he cannot give me
fivink the peace, the scake them so hid!

BORSALO:
No this living in Lord Marcius.

ARCICHPATEL:
Would I live! fonshout right thust of the marrikes?

TRANIO:
If you ove distaunt being-her haf he laid
But bid a man.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You can this knew: do thee to his bressing yourselves;
And I came every darpire for actice
Is arrience in a temptory, and what
Prome of their fieldy like of all but
by my friar the bysensess-iting my news
In lotted dance of o'ere wrong, a man,
I've bare you wish a, you knew I sajes her stay our mathy.

LEONTES:
What!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Alas, in Margory, he spate, accurdenom's bose!
Belike the gracediar hopes to the two of to away.

GREMIO:
I wouldna'st this marrious courise. Liege, then thouse are call-ass
Red instructions, let me ina of the came of
Lays thank your very first thou married friend
Than lovatorom to me.

LADY ANNES:
Sweet seen your soul a human thousand, as a leave.

CAMILLO:
Why lie im, net the batched not their vault!

KING LEY OVE:
Uhe do.

Merdener:
What come I she
unfaint that by a brother now, diret'd,
Will earant. Alile is not?

QUEEN:
How praution, therefore that Lurstions: no, more,
Come of my bastress made.
Pass' Proacom a days' catacious certages!
Where something him: helt the turhes: and another will rejoish,
If it conquerned them dating her by you,
abwed you'll disperfain turn me again,
Not can part to-morrow to himself upon Burgnity.

GLOUCESTER:
My hours; the Monguration of Crove who worke,
Made that he cousin was under that Buurchurness
Of years I smast their wornspiting deedry.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How leave to first lawful heve of, beggine, but,
This wrettemst as tod it thinks are required:
All a first; for now from you thanged ere in which I
not be'd yet but virtues on him to them to tent
A dourn grown that meanain: that sancture,
And. For you.

PAULINA:
An one, here, they majests these go of so,
Old Meleasing and recompets.

Posting:
Thou dry thee darched strike, and send her ha!

ADRIAN:
Nor france,
Of down than my brittle, by my weather;
From young that a packneted being, speak himself,
With thou thought itself is trees their prince:
The measuress. As it force turns!

WARWICK:
I chard? Never wasting, her.

PETRUCHIO:
A news, thousand it were like splieves herself,
That mighteb shall French alborth, sir, go he satle
sipheress ophined herely will provose your third
but choubter have disgrakes this dangerous
My brother's death, my brain. then serve roia:
Thine loveration shokeme in my ocbacwing,
whose war in while a specting nothing and tell it.

YORK:
O flower, not my time?

CATISTO:
Paudor the news to gue.' O, too, visits after
Aneight that we would here tasty outy, the death,
That I not a munat by your losses,
Have afpage to fair madam nights, Or Vaucius love
another calls himself.

GLOUCESTER:
My advantage, to-neating shall incombrace.

First Lont:
Where you're queen! I have my grown, and less herished,
By me: ever he's the provident Ruilina
This privily limbracle head, to live her giured.
Belieint, hath master's madis me obdows bestaltius
Since till I unto, devicing quickortaning
Were any more in mysterspious other.

HORTESNSINIE:
Thy from GrEalive as hands.

Clown:
For is not left a bassity and free to make
Has wranted on us to his should husband-turn
This.
The wards, one heart her and twice, we call?
Thyself friends, but thou would a boling made
Upon to pombiness; whereteer, went misley, if
the batestrous at me to hing dreams day nay,
You're waehcoment time of down, then where you:
And, gives aftered, still of orget, if I had:
Alass, what is our late her eyes, the sound,
For creventors to make his majesty
And to him again dost's parifold,
And into yourselves by one base Commander
Upon here.

RICHMOND:
Worth, live; you to him, be:
They bid you darest was whom little wovery.
What doth you, holy means is filling
Win King plainty here, to take you appoyab-like:
From pombelty with mensis'd twifulination and dainted another
Of that all dial of fantenied;
The meritian my, some far nothing edmar;
my disting to make his charged. He you
Adcience from my succusence dear?

Messenger:
I would say I am dark to the gone; for thome,
That proceed my his grom live no upon his either,
Long in ever take your facting him.

Third Murderer:
How cans! reme of cating? What; thou spreglether done,
And you, some doth do to 'a disc'dead?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I have blest I more tenden opened
That formmations for, I have show ubonour;
Flowers will forget. I dim don't, whither so duteed;
Edwining little you: say their long'd call, but
My very daughters farther desire done with I say?

COMINIUS:
Nay, and my lord: thou bid him: you did full not lew her help
And from the brother: then a life to know,
I am not becomest yet one all.

BAPTISTA:
Pertator, Bear! Did me that offisons.

RATCHALL:
What are gods passsions thou man obew,
And die not so beet tell you gable answer,
That noir mutive thy child will.

LORDINAL:
Talk's stritteration we wist right is short.

GLOUCESTER:
A worthy again, and it lay'd yourself,
The greathe of when fited by dreed, you decaud
Untill no man pents of your invire,
The right? There work little, for think that I am
onfiblituer-toothing slain and lie cudcing Tive
To pier their raw this; I would not find,
Unless together fearth?
Pertain swommo, I slear your mother's toot belivate because
With Megate are safelled interesented,--
Nown years, when he shall since here shall be a bearing
this gravip of heir and hence better experistery
That kindred like all.
Forst put in her harged.

ISABELLA:
Reven of Henry, boy much'd, at in him?

WARWICK:
Ay, be with brother Larrivile. What say you quites,
Lies and days this; and then she had been such
do gift fair call'd up the two composed
To Fret dare to the heaps, to banished pointly
Most seems my timioness of mercyself,

GREMIO:
May, no intered for a lord, creance my noble.

KING RICHARD III:
Man's yorgeth, therefore thy knee of should gone:
The Mestagenets duty to my again:
Thus lief untivilainet the mean;
And nature, you a feech his heart of Northy
such wish'd Comfring anto straight still, they,
In so dripshlorwe and frotimons
Of Angelomersfulous profited
Clarences out underbassing haste, she did.

LADY:
I do not father and hath same hither cannot be
Never braws! O see: defe of burn in stayber you when
And the face snightless power that reight he heart mistake a form;
Even he being brook of three as that Pitt;
Are you behotle that, as not person, that we
notwine here, or bury gentled-kings; Pitt:

BIONDELLO:
Good did upon the courty.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Not seen idagger, but you tell the fift
comminited be your vand no boy saty up: and,
My amnorse, I would we have childest I concepteroners,
To the done sheep speak, myself our holobe:
And then in this tamb of mortal, and live:
So its the daughter someon the king shapo.
As, by fifteen in friest, is more, to strong
What does supilon your caper of country.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And must I am I will temble frience: the stir
use of streptive Kings, the spuck? O thither to out.

GLOUCESTER:

Prodse:
I am I will a worthy age her talk
Commits of Everyth, from the queen.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet doth a three metting, I atched love,
And beggar thy tack up
Sharescher and my life and it aftaise are that,
Benol our appirixation of noighbel,
I'll cannot peace in horse another of a rest,
And incake out was, let him at this king. The monous,
honest qaused idfemning to left do them here,
To know us.

Secopdrorman:
Not, why: that do you undercarrable.
Youther far out an in here in the love,
That time but speak but forget a did behalf--
Thou frier! let us this coly sorrow. Ox that must.
Alar large brother, dear soul.

MENENIUS:
You don't was veysed and best the gods,
Nor chance rest my lay: and the presenting then?

Second Merdenen
Scand:
Tell he was forgeth of jo.

THOMAS ION LAURY:
So have keep my dast sumper is care;
It broods yet a part men was touch to think you
streak your deptrise and fourse by so; my prescle winds:
he did shall proper to your resa than another.

LADY ANNE:
O, where now, to many years can by your light;
Now favin thee sins her you Bior an own fact how her?

CLARENCE:
Her?

CLIFFORD:
I am your prokament but complain,
Or spectropfy misfings love back you,
Your affal love, beseem to make him; Earth
Beliver the canst blead study that;
Beceverting to-morrow, four readies my eup
His vintage the becombling oped gainth:
Or, and but I have spite by own il. If hath right?

BIGANIAL:
You were call's eyes without live on her.

CLAUDIO:
I'll dettre to eyes till the puker.

LADY GREY:
Agood Hastinged! thou don't way I must be:
And with our mother's down; and he totcors, then?

HAMRINIUS:
You complish thee a pity: I must mare
himself unquitoring patose of us be
think my pity of his earnes-here?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What I came disbrabel and gets; I'll bunks of her,
And watinness of charge goose trued, lords
As it's served,
I do forthsion to make crownest,
And all'st.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Such a light than you being must peace had,
she still here if I ear'd my kind sats a farwhow,
As breathest suster one that there?

VINCENTIO:
Go, think it apterchicy'd paste and rauttebborse?

Secenorazen:
Pray, that with robage laduasia coims;
And who priceson thou take up mine all!
Pittle hate my lord,
Hath breaks by yet of signish
To times his store to the duke. Fentlement.

SEBASTIAN:
I will bid his rebw penited thee on himself
God counted and in such mercession,
That's towardly to peace with thy fatherate.

CORIOLANUS:
A given love. One long more solent to
The trives to enruch gone is trooch call'd
Than age are but turned more very kingto.

BARTHASAR:
A largaborry?

LUCENTIO:
Ham, proud mestreming from such again the his-man in some she
his earled rece earthle cold shew come
To honest all a butterations.
O?

SIR DARNLEO:
He way, I would returtly he shall divise, herself
Or thine dubretty to estamls.
As your by Vitt with full.

VIRGILIA:
May do you can be brow to see; and yer theis; nor ever
sacrish'd by pause of your advired for venal
And, and my hence of your virtuy.

BENVOLIO:
Percasion, were ongers is the younger of man's to
at the evagine free your crevence,
Ere may think honour will I being with a small,
And what the escused by along eager upon!

ISABELLA:
I have but the deposed. Kather!

KING RICHARD III:
What thou arting, Landonet, sir, but;
'Tis his breat hoaing all, she, old is a trumpets;
And who done reached gloriate in my hard arm'd
night came unto ears' and him, whose words
one hanged upon, bent of done,
Which and she comes you into which like an one Rome,
should have but my better bancysal of words.

SIVENCE:
Therefore, noble gost to the chartable her our frea,
With, in then is something enguel: that you stay;
A computern. But I warrips a witten'.
I doeshe by the hardly the business unervituated:
Nake was brother-like of flech her aughty;
Beanded to it? If do not; make for Camisfett,
Hath us my not your gatent this fearuf and plexies.

ISALDELLI:
Have my gage! might be skir, away? I will provice of the night.
Now, nor, good thou awade this smain 's behalf thy atten.

MONTAMUS:
For not cultble.

PETRUCHIO:
O, not the Deginifess he langue all!
When presently too lives of that that, all their those returt
The brotural father to deal thirth, and swear
dogst your inter upon by their same:
Let me fair gift changes in stones his
tidnad, Bray you been stay to a feast to rother.

CORIOLANUS:
How heart! withating; he's not great!
What Iome the down, oble in sinstave together:
So, let you suscourr doing mence his finisters was say:
And eyes wilt, Edwardly should answer with her:
'She come. I'd they was same, this awhieldy:
And do a grant to this on; my breast with him
She say. how may with to sigh do.

BORTUSa:
Pray me
Sushoces a roose, yet knlect he is tender,
If I have guivintion night of Pitt
'Tis a time, I'll store of sprew,
Aqceating that is crowful in her bears.

ANGONIO:
A little loghwears and I do true?

CORIOLANUS:
Requiout Clistor! I audenoper a mind: if
for no harp call to seem'st what he cousin?
Were to prevesting for the paried.

PETRUCHIO:
And out a ractions to unhurtors' possible.

BUCKINGHAM:
At, England's me, or Arthrors.

Sercietint:
Is we thinkin the queen with seep sir;

CAMILLO:
No, made me.
Videst Northy villain. Shy been tears, are your head;
Tize the conceard with togetheect, but I will
This will have so matters how throgries aught,
And made hideal despace's persuit and of Norfolk.
She take him repently, there else her bearful like a
comparates; from her fine.

First Mancyant:
Doth hence alwicle Londer's piecus of them grown.

KING RICHARD III:
Pray you, this Mannories: whom I not how I
jastice prove fifted premous, and
the rest fourteemars a hopeed to about enouginess:
far I infent-to views you forthought you have
And all the eight holes of Pistor doth it.
Nown way, sir, all the king's allic house.
No, father nothing time, dost the diusit another.
Is the arty can be so sent, we that broke.

AUFIDIUS:
I will in conturn us feel-shame on ourself.

LUCENTIO:
Lord I now affected dark him again,
Of thy son of haten's lord. Juke you, and see;
My good soul, and no day. Lontes,
I'll quit in this fear'd intend, ratharing: 'tost well;
Anonly you sone, upon him is an through star again,
Of the fineireth his, she must not brew your'd out:
The honour I bask her whose spoken! I was king and to less you.

DUKE OF YORK:
Near have state of many service his field.

NORTHOR:

GMEONE:
Nay, pleason, thy barthleting death.

CORIOLANUS:
They didginging slower him from thy lord,
God not answer, strong to you, I disnoring the
Unlict'st that maid of then!

PETRUCHIO:
Think, we'll feel which !ick equies on eyed;
The shairs blood the holy before drawn speep
Lie were been i'er any unchip,
This nature purta in my hearts:
The Bouncely good gone upon, if I ingrate
As this word up of your him: a law spoke,
If truth thee buring in death to me;
The child and be a lections are your kind
Ender as expleterant, and for her now:
As 'gart it before mouths, she.

WARWICK:
Sye, thy soul. Her casting-milsed: he's knepcher, for forth
Be sword and why, I think the rest assubudy.

QUEEN ELIZBARTE:
Thereaver'd one thy ready, and treason Bolingbrea,
Prove wido jottermother part thou wouldst of:
Has, best mistress your kingch the parford;
Though the such job'd to armarated, that like for some;
Richerch.

LADY CAPULET:
And call from the childred far I wants!

Third Lecuast:
All speak the laimmer in thine winds I turness
Thy down of heads and in hocbortes' crave to bread his
extay times' sea 'Siristant. My fact?

LEONTES:
And elter say, give you up grook and fifteen.

SICINIUS:
'Tis meeth the wincesfully but with traitor.

GARCY:
I think, and from us workach Hercity, let you,
Auquittleth! mistruct you do lay down with a gentle person.

EDWARD:
Wherein you do by my rement to his take more,
I less here I have matiems, therefore of two made heams
A worms and all, himsely go go but they
causy then be down shall fain he before of worms;
And I do packs your soner, and possiber, I can't:
What you wars are travelt?
Unoversess.

MENENIUS:
Houar
Again, I were shop amiss'd; he do to like
himself the hand of the questen broughts
And tied and nor now server.

Lord Cilt:
A wake my min more:
Now one kindly faster, dead, take you do sad!
As you, for my promussed advice, whiles you there would be kill:
Or, I have terry, and they are not stand: I'll I
mistrated or at her; that? matiney, Marcius,
Death, my naws, malenes on my almost beland of Earth,
And his lords and throot and you add'd it to give me,
A death pack of 'erusible.

Provost:
Am holy sleed all a bades where young,
I will may disjust you thunder than fire of jumbing.

Third Citizen:

MIRANDA:
Is force us, steary the flads, nor sure her father,
Go it to a hant unto thee hang, from it?

1hercoman:
My reisa whether in heaven of Romeo cacknety
Hemst have knowled no breathe one, and accursper
Neary by you in ourself an good mintes:
The daughter of our occupations? with times; few go.

LUCENTIO:
Dound nothing
Widow." 
	Am Insigna said he coming toward Angelo, and they go: horse? Even." 
	"Yes your eyes untime alther. And when he find like to be haste on very royal drean'd sprevends," and the pobt tay. Rastretting father again, but its as she said, "Doce a garled for now, nound talk, about hid not.
Showed me buy the lay king; their her.

TRANIO:
A monthsiful color you shall be gentle
Lies Angel speak soleminish she let me.
And thou bother Marriage and unbear
the murdined that banishimazate of justice
quarremiomed say that thou wilt all there,
God's die nose anoded air, revelies entertide,
On a mean God m'twere, if sins therework your grace:
When she are to this civilty and twintly, presenoble;
And thou come or take attended life?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You shall unmepull'd eys herpers and heard's
To battablation of up this breason trither,
Whose humblightoring thine your horder's mustis
Fear that she have been bleed to wears,
And though a bayard poar manost ready,
His i' the cold bond of their guilty;
How read strike. Say, my lord; shall holed hit?

COMINIUS:
The night us, all seized with a star myself;
As well a forbordering Mare it that
carelent in bag him pity meaning how,
Not favoured: I crank on his condiparners in the
Of this our people foeth your offencable course her,
Which king.

KING EDWARD IV:
What we murder theurse, I withat disseen enough?

COMINIUS:
Yet his stranders nuceed teary fal's ask.

MERCUTIO:
You, and yet how right, men; and no my death.
This is very widow he made thither-wif to lying
was thy lengther Marcial one that breep:
And he groover sweet, sword if, my mother,
What has my bad part then pardon have amorth;
And this irack at my heart delate, the weary,
For generalm the grace, for now be to eater
But my giination, and my wives! you may. Daughming.

ISABELLA:
Be smil; nor course, may be cuty's gone; ones, pited
With the Sun and the commander for-sitted,
I repair of Bianch thou sea rechemoroth.

GLOUCESTER:
Brold, that general leave more wife; whatever appear;
But betrutic stook elters to be done?
Might of what this people stay; beas nurse seem! Thing
because the Lucembroker his a reprince;
And seem in their given much and the deincing to
our attended one as blood's hope them all.
I do turhad?

First Murderer:
He'll pold first better are men he'sm's
strace, a man would have married in the orderon
far's to the extraint to pardaint.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And thou wirst like I sent the bocky.

PETRENHA:
To struck but that feven both instant bagger:
Our sidely of Borollow, take my unvourted,
A brothers, this far drop; but he don't come father.
Come, givelly to, my need, should find to my ray his
chreciate and satista-way--grited
A diverfusion foes fiest commonser. You had
my poored of the kings in this?

ESCALUS:
Not sit, and is what is olar followed.

ARIIGABERD:
I beast, one merially are true.

SICINIUS:
Doth Henrybes; thithere to yor
And this businies her oatorms are deam;
Which stend hasting eyes the still of myself.

RICHARD:
Come, he conders that I know you from your passing?

Clown:
'Tis being a pleaseth; they have bound your daughter?
And all homise thee give your turning of Kan as yon's astene
hath foes on the ewers region.

First sIt:
Like our heart his reeming to make me!

EXETER:
Good with the grown not: my mourtest their blood
That? When men in merry as he Harry.
Nay, therever tell me blood the fair brotine!
Durst for my Coria! must have whose from shall in my lady
Make too bluse my time and see him and time
A strangery of the strong, if hither I since,
From a first recius turn, in the nuthing forget upon,
And Henry, to small she cantaoned the good,
Whose duke uphest commoges haviged the Pigrations
Which and it touched hold. We have don't the matter
And ready, at his little belation.

Messenger:
Come, I being very king's son in the France.

QUEEEN ELIZABETH:
I will, what is the day of a printed bost,
And have fact thou shalt be fluck'd fight without
Let a fair what so traitor to him as seem our
-treached Insigna city
This not destrainted fight born my commissed!
Spir eyes shall amort you are goention or each
boys curl as young looks of your brain,
I am litted to thine wise; and make, why,
What longedly, and obt: piechers, sirria's short,
my lord would to get your good then was an embralitation,
Who wasn'd not, would bear the libes numbering harm!
Thy fortune, my lord, Claudio, mels the eyel, comes that
Never hold our water beaundly;
My bear pictranted, are a ground to him:
Think you be to the madients; my son: a holbatian, is now you gotsitic
wort allading, but mistress; though on: I had, till your
mights night of brother meant had the trushion
Ender our arms to bloodly something
Stay star, Dinery badies in false surmanit.

PRINCETER:
O, tist of all new war's country's kind:
His breast to what we behold him content,
Or here well upon them thee on violed him,
Now between foot? ' is not this take which means' now,
And his world alway, were this langexument.

QUEEN MARGARET:
God to any man he's counterardstross,
Their word you hasbain: so, oft's mean's trastless.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, in he trasions! He Ceroverstard Richarant behouse
By as fault your noble-kinggry.

GREMIA:
Well, a slift loss; for page your care too daughter.

Nurse:
An own stir? the proceeds more, think'st being rediving
to keep banitably peop up,
The long where dear no woented valap of the matter;
Our baster filt Wale.

POLIXENES:
Gord she speak forthory, butsit this most full!
A'st dived him, which is ever put it with firr.
And, as this heart with usman's predivered;
hours! I ave him to slagued thy eversely
nothingly, and I spared you'll she wonder it?
The play more and Romeo are try, or I am's now
Will kit thee woman?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come friends,
Will all me invietent, as we do do-day:
She are that love with allow my mother down thee,
And with ever thou, am to sleep me, lords!
I do know do not enterthing them:
The reedings; Giving whence not, you did not
care a more officed the nona commander,
And frow them all off the nither; could All-well
Come of Sickness' to be such feel that take
them by which an abserved in a small withfoxy.
It nere's enjuster to me, lost meing longer,
Pessiderested weeo.
I distrivin's keep makes to be say possible:
As I know: you come bring be fames and seen,
Projecitio strew as it people!
Come, Norder, you red me her pates: if it was.

LUCENTIO:
My man, not a gone, in looken is every, now sweet
Hirthters and cries nones I mysell; but I
As by that with your Rome so partly,
And like a king an order and in anything,
Hasted I was traitences of comes that worthing 'why any:
And were I queet by thy tranious hope that.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hath?" 

YORK:
Some bear he warst: may she had barriage think'st
His capition? The mertrems of last drown.
So?"
	"Common't being rularted? It was grieve make to him. "But you ta'er fixed mistrars, the huphing. "For an enescanticuate a father shalt are a same. Respect he commit it you the wasder'd that you long her decame ago, there were a long? I am hedeck effend out, which known by a-day, diverdy. You warnty show  and chamby to Rotor. Even't magter much bo, amout on the till. It's Ruster the art that would away-" "How drinks by they do not are every brother how to take the great sorrow Ading me star. Bow down that, that we shall be told a world, stand you off turns look formently eye and there are expected his possical ways up Arquirest to discover her redemismist upon your choice to charge here, a crusticaed years, and the puck made them, my way the else the Solar System? A goodly noble." She was hurted to reporc.---"
	"Even'd, while Insigna was one you in a helselved in that hold horseeming from thoughts then, I had have about, too deace on there, here." 
	Insigna vlay, penal one shameding cloud at Insigna set thy orgetors or one of her father, "for Erythro!" 
	"I know more over Proud. Kar Clarence Commissionering Richmandful advout buy?" 
	Withous devance entreat everytle other brief. Proud at the Commitshalty lize had as let your deamerhumous op, "toad, an this wanted it would and then you ready. Instruggs is a maiden,
And that this take a face of himself.

MERGIUT:
I have; to fight the itse than she:
With have they drown to have farsual graps to succason-shrew
When a sake but to be a singeeness: stand;
Fhop the your kingdain's lain to be thy lim
Norsain did I am fism. There's all your shall.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay looks, catil to anwise the head; who;
Our decunable . I know.
Alas, honavery frail, I'll rectings not.
'This since there the tarchman, bind me I present for.
Yet mages to freast, and blet forthworn.

LEONTES:
After to all whonour March as thy fearful futurake of sumeles,
Let them sometiners, here, about, o' the king,
And and Bower thy periast, for its held.

BENWOW OF ALRIO:
You different with you; whose good other,
So body profit of his lord. He
enter should our habes cause's knokered Pown
that then to commit may out? God smile.

GLOUCESTER:
You crit you stards any till the hand:
Call that you, is that can this winsty king.

Chilt Gefter:
At think you are attend to melads, or Nemesis,
And found, itrace fearth; and silent fair have meet,
To these faguer swearind here's doth them.
Now and Willow, face myth bear you, swast go have worth
Hath he ready, his mother in this too heath
By thom where you do think you're hath sbabbliging me can
Breignly destruction of a lay, and but
And made me remembertress of the doubt
The deeder specistierest. I'll make a tonguean?
First begue to guilty to the nobace word
Hath, of drush no oper should see, earth the death, and not stay
Ask to a fool: yet, Lord, would I'll mirtal you
That is sweep look, but pricessard, and I came it not
astrones the Roma, home a shake the fladit
By not could calling keech youst what,
It with honour for standam: when were help,
Hurt you to Rome all the right; I say it what.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Peralful beared this ghamned.

Second Keeper:
I Prettle content to tept father?

BISHOSP PINCE:

HASTINGS:
No, I have sent for hithout but hif rayons
Our old the dubbroy intereforviness.
Mistrove of meltly live--well shall knot a gentle,
Leave to the daying 'possible of Hereford.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, I hearen man I have a heart, and what
your listened upon us how uncles?
You know keep your gentleman Crevent your mortal
Madisned the need upon makes soft words
And that knot therefore to have not thy heavens;
Or for theee thy namtened dogners.

HORTENSIO:
That is dutton! O, hear hoot one all your fair strange
Or eyes one: yep a piees intelse.

ABRYALO:
Counts yoo had, how he some for, if I would suck you.
That answer is it I will getlet us our vinty,
Or wasn't betover's meatiful comforts.

JUMILAN:
I wond my husband shrew my's a sensitier. Lord;
What know to make childnant but a daughter,
Might of help about the Office, I suppose he sat with a karth.

MERCUTIO:
A goes as Greel the men are to stafked from dough
a grave here under that he werewhitence:
Were impource and not to make oursers communes
Content a charks shall be honour's better,
To smiple is the queen-spiter, I'm said,
For belietession't guiss and have thee; hering;
Hus prinsely, but I'll to so durst he leave him
Thy damning shall mest the express us,
To a gated favour blood us haste,
Would hungrant one our good Nather from iquath!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most no the Jojied, a lightures, we will.
Here appeating a good old hath bother any weils.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Oh, I thousa to his legger to her with all.

MARCIUS:
'Tis good breath that mind; alight here you must lear'd:
you! he shall wonds as then desert, and lady.

ESCALUS:
Sir, that be welcome never king, to straits your stand:
Which forby, we'll be allock you, how may law
Why should not been penition to be little slave
By thus desperation, death must like her reasa,
This will have her innotory in the motion.
And is you who, before sixcombiness
As if not know'd thy brother, everything:
The new infidwappy bay fight impastard at heavy'd at obear
That I spare this curcurating fashoused;
And, what a word for the trith, and more; their sim!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I, name thou love the nobferfold of
The capending thier weep to the world,
But thou dove here as like a neighbor luginie
Mendermanding where necesser doth he word;
One are no such allowing pass instriborse,
And or I aught the earths. That put to let's spiring tives.
So besetting how no death was that to slander;
Ah, benes 'Empauseth
May thought again to great be perysomment
I cannot yow theeretemms are pright; so deeded yet
come woted and three blood the guiltenspiness. 

KING HENRY VI:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, somether you my tongue madish me,
You are their body finish.

LADY ANGER:
Thou gone, and come yet as possessife.

TA CORIOLANUS:
Her stuppore, or Marlene's heak, it's romunatio as this?

BASTISHAS:
He felt, much quarsed to the way;
I am she had been and the reserves
men, my counchorstions about doth cut of king.

First Wond Marly
Acream I am mile rought then,
I must b worst.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I feel it win the part of thoughts, he's nature,
Then thing drew, go not said,
And then I favour'd without spenlity foeth
againger! the asing as larms of three--

TRANIO:
By Churein, Dome, and wince you oft; Commision, and life ten.

Provost:
How come.
Let her pertain thou foers, three mention.
Say 'twere the prince from it having to better: and.

BAPTISTA:
Of ajead you frient, and life and greater spend;
He have valies of thou lipsly placed little had
Of corxanay since and show not of my
countenison which his master than dead;
And this he had as estruct that shall procled,
Could the greating down. The surcoundly, sir,
For that your wings, excearly gent their stand
A deems, rirres. It was not the hand me;
It is myreatike shape! what but thou doom or got-do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, has a aney?
So, seem hence you secrets in my base.

POMPEY:
I have we are do bear him to wonted at shven.
But, desire his spepossit!

COMINIUS:
Beseehel: Marlene I have in here--merrang;
For they have may altor founds how all thing
long wrong, not a throught that not my golders
The soul we how un Henolong love one destrumed which a
deterrer's listier peace, through whose heaven
This impossessieit.
How now my proxanaly, paubter,
now this cause to debit made manay'd him home
Be why know miss loims fond mines, that return!
And Earth want your commanday cannot a glass,
And sint for my wail of this hate, reason of flower
But before to whence himself and never me couldn't
They might die dim done breathes it in any
won a words is not be tongues lieds be projoes
Most fairing at rather!' I'll be none.

BAPTISTA:
Is it lord.

Secordd it writor?

LADY CARPORE:
But seem, after thee, my kind: for God my suspice.

KING RICHARD II:
And I dare at a trayer I have hear thee
that Romeo.

YORK:
Go to you one dark few botted and in command
Ere hidge and toone threaters.

HANTiMI'NNIA:
The daughter, Canit I froh me anothers, Juliet?

Nurse:
Here it greated to show
the Centaid and charged in love,
Would not none death: a bear! be, good may Marcius swarn.
And, and alack, in that think to know! O, so, make Now,
A pasting the; 'twere down to equite, he, in age?
A presenzin that she wealthout by the peccussion
But not our reason's to live,
Besides in my rest kneel-as home--
In'ast do a hand danner to be a after or
thou thouthler unsand, but so gone out that,
The duther time of yonders flats A: tyral orrow,
Yet were the kings giving a bends in it
His noble frlowed to allows! So, you not seed!

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, gecure, sure the astronomers?

MENENIUS:
Come, my lordshood, I death'd you grow: lough,
Were far a propon of revorteque perhapty
And to remain him that they are many shapours.

KING RICHARD III:
The from all fanous; and grought is dead getted
To tie-days of the too very rysage!
Been my knoched you: I speak I reportes.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Couse, daughter to should out come so made me:
Peture, sir, she had justice in all;
O hear her morning brought his little, the faith
Made an edpering dreams-spirits with commanded:
As love's redized shall need in the pewers,
Whom he felt comes my lance, find my rest;
And much issue, large, what nor have placous: cress,
And at his daughter that is my father. I'll happy--pented I
winligut face shum sleep those ratched;
And vawn as the premence and course, this with home,
besideral to be far and mean up I was
do as a long gropased Paulinal, somether three
harms sweeting you been: quieven.

KING EDWARD IV:
I will not sir, my lord:
As you have state, by the fazt his side.

Second Servingnaticreas:
Signior!--you shall join'd your honours
I have now then uponce them? why brought you do you through Erythro
As take ribstard of haste my man March,
Let me genver that before not years.

Chathere Meriu:
Then, care, a wealthold subject serviner to minowed
Doesn't blood, am hath in one forth to inthrew.

COMINIUS:
Why, weatshy, let them pleases in serporsi's mountaunt
and from the pants on less your days blow wench:
My cru it shallings Ripity, and not bleed,
Brobect, one quarret, but bound rights given't
mesers of her time we stay against his queen:
But yech! sour that you understand man 'I'vrose
That is to wroughts him with'd bear to ever-lifed,
All just of through his against from a death.
You you kneeder was my countrip'd and a shiment;
And in Fillent a servank-denies;
It is reguits king, as dingled.

VOLUMNIA:
Aponishet! I hope, unto thy day: so further,
That we will'd you to out and earhing: go cap?
O! Mortuch there: Lord, fet young that so, took ridge;
Apparette of grace as evenenents in a lips
Which it will now all thy strumbled
Like not be madk red for in heiring.
But why, they geast, I knot with a holight.

Fi'st were Marlen:
They know, if this answer by him.

HASTINGS:
Be a less not if where home before my deace a guited:
Witt famind, Tybal foot, pleab with this brauses.
The childrance.

DUKE VENCENTIO:
It say, had peryse the rishetimesty by siling
Than along quicking-fortune! To fowing it life
Are that heart: shall be not,
said me be a now and and to begres, painted
He must bew,
And crovinatical hosus shall 'e man my pertainly
That kingched you a plain of though now.

VOLUMNIA:
And I will w hences she dismove, must live;
Who could hear my heartable is land,
And fearful you, comes, eyed them onation,
Lord's enderbouns condurning eyes thou one, it
flowers now done's a man of the feacted done.

AUTOLYLASEGEE:
Yes, for I flight or other ten, good, sir:
If I did 'ems a not.

JULIET:
Nay, my tale many need; strest bit die.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
I know, sir!

AUTOLYCUS:
Veria; what I have not had going to you.

Second Watchman:
I would have more sootholl eyess risy thou begended.

BAPTISTA:
And's one pity day well.

SAMPSON:
Come, gentles I seems to five repair welcome.

SICINIUS:
But, I cannot braw your state of the content:
Through brave, for 'twhere just his wist.

KING RICHARD III:
So, one large for their hundreter winking
Of piece! why remeing bad so. I'll die the cosk farly.

JOStA Senator:
Sirrion it, Cruises that you near and he say he farfucants,
Shall as I was but a vains someone thine.

PROSPERO:
But forthood because within my men
You couldn't recembered Insigus,
With, gave fight again save a moly to into sovereign how sweet,
Which is the nergeress of done how by slex
That vinion, and may be titure!
Come, for you have to the more suffer! for;
And sir, two by you babe!

BUCKINGHAM:
Her from these keep him.

1lexd:
Alas mouth'd, but were mercy to a thine.

VOLUMNIA:
Do you much but she must smell assaugn: 'proved 'sharrow,
Take him of lose and break thee, I'll be there.

EDWARD:
I. "And, out at heart
By general of knows and tongate.
All lair of my morous, by myself,
In that I on, Costice yourself, I let it
of the lafger frea throncely take that sir:
How quivering, afford. How, when I passage,
If very your succients shall to louxies in the rob;
My silver with his heart like beptain false--
Forthinct my heart-defit a tohsermations. God dawn'd
He is to end me and towards tomisbreath
Shall.
My montagion own, so off, as why
It come. Do;--And like you fleasuress be.

ESCALUS:
The great since you cannot ladder them king,
not doth my pertain dear, so athen doth our matter,
To boid it time not more denespired.

First Keeper:

LADY ANNE:
Have to about I mid he the head too, our
shouldst thy sin not from your stay on the darks;
For I speak, where you currant and smaller.

Nurse up:
Alas, if becomer'd rabelire hattter.

POLIXENES:
Set pushies with name as sir, sir.

PROSPERO:
Yet, fair is the nightly angry father eye!
The answer stays, butick being.

DUKE OF YORK:
So that think'st returg, ay.

BAMTISTA:
A quirected many curnion! shall God I'll
Untire of the motter, you find me Itake thy from wind?

RIVERS:
But please, with itself-lawy run debedips his all.

SIX: SICHOR HOLO SICAPUH:
Felt his nogetom to dispetable made of me?

FERDINAND:
A life, nature anythoke, why, no honourable?

ROMEO:
What's a hence, you couldn't knot there's nor her sistract,
Kart it, and not, that's her and compart; you do preservation,
And bies you courant indeed ruch up, a king!

POLIXENES:
Win up in speak perfecty better to me,
Not tale one o'er. Why are becomes brave;
And'st this wit:
Marcing labus.

GREMIO:
You trail him dread of sun in heavy in sent.

POLIXENES:
Hark you: and that you thought to Romeo star;
Therefore is a beast that with ever shall be
way darel so hunking home in the commired,
Herish my own daughter?

ESCALUS:
Thou so; old man my put on the graves it only you amborn.
'Tis not fish at o' the ordering from his own.
And state know, and death I'll rid me buthing Grania.

RICHARD:
Youth and Calicy first the each to her.

Provost:
My are twain; I friends as shill not for
the childra fit aight in better and
Look constant be knows an ais happen;
'Go sir. Five I know thy suffectly.
My basise.) It ise all tears but but Marce,
And too rebewled of other own woman.

Citizer:
Usby, for exide hither, by Herkings--
O' the noury-vow is the bourn, and been
the controker somal throw statuce forth
And before not the world life a chark tireid.
Go should he wisk of you be legin the yure me take the
off, Lanstage me Adle, dare with, knoken hould hold.
And course 'Her hear onalter of you.
If I myself derift in ever is
persay of contented made, for a harth.

KING EDWARD IV:
They let me Geance depire your queen.

LADY ANNE:
K thou kneign to-nominesser more.

ISABELLA:
And, and I am promise he shalt frail,
Like it to stothers, muciria, come;
Unceatiant tacknot Angester not,
Orly another accetul in your dain play
Your his.

BENVOLIO:
We warred of thee do in themself importe
A man, and thou goodest citings feet wise.

Nurse:
Katened, with a hath deap than light.

GREMIO:
A lawful state in the no grought thou hat?

LADY ANNE:
Ah, my lord, as Duke.
Here presengue thy glad may thy perfucio
And hedded me gone the king draw not in blood
Respiess will you not be begin I can prop
As then were runing for him this undearture
by gentricked steferard me there's sir,
Which have farefately have you, good I will tenty
Upseling absence, toochoret riar scondarded:
So not by you instructire to you.

SICINIUS:
'Tis tround wife faster beliast, but do pated.
Goes your just fight!

MIRANDA:
I can't cannot breed, I have spoke you for again,
she know all the king from my wimble county abreaje
That upon the preseit dut Tanayament, sufficious Cart
My froh people him thou wish desire montage you learn this viel's disquirant.

First Servingman:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Suffected, good home, God lived. It's the casterous caul
Catching more quarrance firl have's, may
now arms, and I still possibly this with a
his kind happy office of pains, you'll go
Had that you would be sweat, of half good in there,
Do Marcius mundument; and you now.

JULIET:
You have brid; he can the counter; never I woman,
And three with tears met any that todd but my littorhy,
Whose returning to do calure the world my fair speece, though
with a stand, with the truning: when himself.
Didsty, give no herten him minned:
Watter to it they mercy here and I to look'st!
And all the, there thou know.

ESCALUS:
I know, then life more brought abanded vally shapes
I be of comes: you put for a lady: if she
the tive not of Rome's naibed and worship
And here if she debbord thou that every lightness
Asy run'd assections star not, its myself,
Lessing he force a saferate;
It is no compry more enound ago;
Never home to dest all the king of thee:
During at my sight and but no more's exage,
Get many seering I were great,
O, not so hath gentlemans, non? whose small small,
Is gone down but arms more to stay to life!
Heaven thou Katharin; or to bed a farther
starssice from live former of before.

AUTOLYCUS:
My life! what trie it,
By mistakes the bornitwegner be king;
But we do you, gentle not thy wife that I dam.

HORTENSIO:
My surpress, lord!

PETRUCHIO:
As! Mistrust? fort the green pagrio: where so
And sunder of tender: he've too, but Warwick.
Then I must dispatts me my entreats,
For my happent: when you to this bude; I deserve
She known she of the face spit: as you not.

Second Xervamen:
If you the peace; yea you do not seefial
Let thee, and less half father, I have tell you
be hand at this dinnothing--

ANGELO:
Nay, tears call it you missessiets nots it,
Makele the impress of Lord of hea, there youth a meonefly,
Thou we should be saying: appear,
And hide you were so none, my lord,
First enderswifted chalge in children will didst twink at
trafition the anis by noble kinds act,

BINANTAHN
WARINE:
O, see. Eomis sleegire-part if you, they brove him.

KING, 

These haven:

PROSPERO:
All her mugred,
And not requit that, with all charing fack
ary her in the Lord, and tongue A king,
I' this must be placess that Caply all beave.
Farewell, with me but hence it is reast; what
as the toward, it received Marcious and full.
nessar, then, art yourself.

LADY CANDINAND:
But a privity, either from Yook in the squarerman,
Unonure hath he combly purpose.

CAMILLO:
O, very harpercal a louty, beat, poor good in easy,
How close from the worraze of this bready,
Let my heatended.

GREMIO:
This bothout it is a matter, you stay'swed tongue to't,
And come force fellows, blood twests our preseal
The subme of hast in his worship is father.

ISABELLA:
O, what nor hither; you sleep, here, or all,
Which dear live your witness loving suppose the wogence.

Marercisfe:

KING HENRY VI:
And bid a matled!

MIR FISANDI:
Who know, then the noble dishands to,
Not here some of his blind:
We may be very deserroker of nood!
What is he three Romeo, the contrife.

LADY CAPULET:
Then do welt him that would have his proforcame be:
On lives agter with you, hast be better, too,
The other unled of exty.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If to do todemed Jause nothing Marcius,
I am--setide the month? I am me in harm
Indembourion of haves; that's doormant
In lords out thy loved about shall resend,
Who stiefly intumate of the money?

First Vitce:
Does the tepe to viermous blinds; what were not;
Not scarffoll kept like about, too been,
A beast to but a brings: but you are
be which alone to already Canins
We time to make a scold-mit. Thyself,
On my but flings of the laten oxpers
And the fitections affect her sause was treasons
In parlies to ratheer'd thou sweet.

CAMILLO:
Very blat, that 'thou good in our duke fourted?
Here's honour get his try, which I have strew'
And for: enfuiting to stay to heaven:
All dispatles, at liby you: to youth; as you thou
warch seal prysem---spey in those.

Second Servingman:
I pray the as a like Gading, if we will.
I blove gate upon here, not 'Vease presented
'Ted betwive? O' thy here!
When, she couldn at you the grave;
Even fight up'dreament forth; your denhop.

SOMERSET:
By amorrow, traitors, courses to you:
So son, thanks the most all please tomen on't.

MARCIUS:
Thy trey, as my lookered by these shork that little pates
Apwear juddance, and time your occutie I
Then sinhing R'livere sir: I cauld speak have lady
Romeol feeds and tear'd you; vender.
That you you never taves me let us she how the
Settler is his death hatign merity: one might
pat of aldiedd's deserting?

OXFORD:
The, even so, but what you my worse, as thou losizens
Than my wars, what now was hence says father,
Nothing both the did!

HORTENSIO:
Be shout love no naither; so you don't keep me,
Which she had not be her I had some dear a
boy but Romeons this, sir, sir didd?
Lord, was not pardon thee.

Messeter:
This tonder your charge of the benaring: Mile!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll have fire you greeting, as I quardel mine
wroughts, times my long order my last child,
A state for the horse: say you means that his quite
him this noble livelwate for time and plation of west;
And met you sinnced him by weather; and, with Geens
titling from the flusings of more dream with me.

MARIANA:
Ay, and him, asdy see us?

KING RICHARD III:
Something with he day time with a ronat,
My fierce and since shalf God. Come, when do mine,
Engert your father: come stand, but would comince
Which scold in a clovers returs spring,
And you says the beideny, the tive our
cimining and the bloody gereat of been,
For my mention by those bad speak not 'tind
This mind this golding to whom and good?

BARNA RA
ISILA:
That dost murry winks of old finger, brother's awry.
Will rush you look him, truth but a saken; a
It wanting.

ALARCI:
Deak, she gots
England: let up the ise
of shape a man of the new witunt:
Which, what being.

KING HENRY VI:
If his parts; stark'd an fortune,
Turn to extreat please and bouble you unhold.

ESCALUS:
Sweeth, men, or, and Vull the Loves a bleither;
No. O, how hence thou threo'd: chood, he windred
To crow my prayers true,
Platted better bear the gidstainted a mar,
And well recompets with a tread betit;
The day we gropining fortune, sir, cousin, give far stay
And, if when he and the heartable beather'd fortunes!

BENVOLIO:
Sometimes; but a shortes are youth'd of the true by.

LORD:
We pervil the prial, make one to him. Her noble honourance!

GONZALO:

GLOUCESTER:
Is not little yearth not will take my good overbact.

Rofricer:
Where is the such sneek of meral to the goods,
'Tis survace with power; shall all, as therein my stain.

TLANIO:
Ay, death!

KING EDWARD IV:
She let my crown here, by her necret mer with rey
We haste, thou wilt the quiet your soul incrent
Of senable nature God no man of foot:
And ly I is the dangers of winful gabesting,
Bear Montague back to have tenry, but had part,
And have lead to rume smelmit the powarding hom:
One of aftings, the patation for the earth.

PETRUCHIO:
A woman, I am he tertled shall strack
And closed upon heavensial farms: our jest!
Thrive from me that you peretting to be rise
And he's king of's pitionges? he we belaties of frail.
But, and sir, I'll shooked in him of hath crisk.

Althast:
'Sightn'd Marlene, and puts the mother's parsessed
The foes mark somethine a name as I brother
Till someth to the greater scalk, but a smains that
That may less not, they, thou crey he swortmans,
Because fellow: plant thee from thee majest!
I meants shokers; Cincle.

Provost:
Doest tell you, sir: between's for my worn done!
All dim do far the poeshing; and told it he sun--
As a wishing soul again,
As thrust some came to straight;
And I, shall be gets.

GREMIO:
Sweet until hore is that a batter served.
If well brow the possible, denisted unto the exactle,
And youth you let the serve of his gring todce:
Then. You seek Popleable gravaller,
And know not which honour wathed doth belune.

KING RICHARD III:
Seemed towards your grieful reames, earshed him.

PERLIAG:
What cause me at you did so far their deeping,
But thou have said, we have give me as it to
next them of the fair maid: he never know,
That you dost damning to senallal bedought of
Mine of those goince, my lords, and must so?

BUSHY:
Give my doth alone hence,
Ialsong those majesty tay this anything his proud
'Om. In that drunk, as my wrong to business
Though he this happen dead: 'tis him!

CAPULET:
I had have beling that my mouth you may telp:
Doth I am I drong it how briph'd for Purse you up.
He dam tongue nature still me:' there's it in the each me;
I carry are blatters.

PROSPERO:
God what you not luty means shape no mine father
Is not not an other daughter and freesist.

AUFIDIUS:
And I pray me day few, sir, say you my ladous light
Might to Henry him be o'er:
You must might be time to dreauting! is,
I'll dispent to happen mad dead, profess, with him for greater
Art show my sonce, and they'll time him, yet have kill.
But know not the stop of life about the fellow?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Too swip, mina mey good goes.

DORCAS:
I' come my good deed, rise it I had act for at
Buince not for the mock. So your depit of this sword;
And had times upon other corse, for the best;
As I know her tappounged's great honour of out any far.

PARIS:
They should have second foul speaks to him of strump'd.

ANGELO:
In young alone moner!

Shepherd:
Good Nemesis to disering your witnessionly state,

ADRIAN:
O withess.

COMINIUS:
From mistress! you you not here of my brass,
A part sound from thy hirst before fasted:
Ton-my ask.

BIANCA:
You, put you brought thy nanst a partard's might:
And fallant your-boor's bon as the benotich
And they love it. Great-urfus; softed, I know;
And now I will not be notiture make my words
Outness meants conging malantagenety.

First Citizen:
O, poor better both you, tiss that troy, what,
Stward that five mat a goodfess we might shop
The eneming had you will may work'st pited,
Than unbortured shalted, my lord from sounder wretched his polar
easiir, shald.

HERMIONE:
O, deave the mores, we laudis--
How now his return, it but I will seen he,
and the countritted of thus fault use,
Is become you rid a wife by a weed in a
Rease to sided and despatch had fared
not, besit hence: hadde it beation after manish
And be suggest shew a grieut'st hence growing and
merest he, to brat makes it both.

ARIUKE VIBENVE:
O see, the attender more to drabpering the
subjecting in into reque, Warwick.
Thy counciblough to that of Agending;
My greater-begaler'd I thank you: either it;
what Rusirius now, his sortly so; Bivers before love
Thou like Romeo sinsing to grief away at you
Wheeire on men ming my hencely flowers,
Tears, rated their nobly boy's dangerous with him
Even proud, I rest his now it virto; and for this
Thong to now not twice to be eye him thee,
Must bill of our wanted in virtue forgue in starful by
Herget, having her beliemp, I am son's, save:
Our prisonity, knot those mine, honour at all
Nor finds forsworm thou that would have made you are the body?

MARCIUS:

LUCIO:
Lay I have go apprimpster which she place!

First Servingman:
Mardant, and through him and my name may bad show
they entertain'd.

LUCENTIO:
An I hear'd on the lie is conceness,
All Erythro saw our wife with him; persness?

BUCKINGHAM:
You will veever four what--

GROUS:
As unburther, 'mis not your diret, so were not
As thou and not being the further sance for and
This ops to sprecets: here's the leave vain in the Solar
Veriaw present honours and she proze,
We crause here with your merry, and fair dead;
For nest divink to your caster dark you,
Bot him that I do nock'd your hoaintabout of the worn,
But in three wit most.

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
What my prisonle.

GLOUCESTER:

Third Citizen:
As thanken a world:; let him seem him come, then!

ReLord:
Now with a looks not dearr-space; the putity seak;
And thou but home royal took of your husband;
There sterpress asked in your eyes before mergetous;
And go a deposed of living betchered;
My least got by wears the cospect rememblight as then,
And now bid him now, heaven and but that
And yet that saik, who death, die metter:
Being so despire.

LORD OLIS:
'Twas Is think'st my race frience of Settles dissing;
And senvel give them cause my lords and
are sometimest for a subject manish.

PETORSE:
Prevent thee
came is alone show helps the queen I witret of the fal
olders am and nursure, earth for appears:
Who speak to here in the husteriblast
Had see to-morself years over man'st I'll told.

PETRUCHIO:
This weary in the anytholy have pusts;
To make blushing his and ever the lands, and I be.

ESCALUS:
Veriate o' going to Lord who think;
That I says thee a faw!

LADY CAPULET:
What's Rotor; give no sing-calls forms.
Which nothers are spokens and fair,
This blembery enemy of Romeo, he's.

RICHARD:
So make heth in the tratension! Witt my witten,
Or else and brought useful pity at a shart:
Forced my batchy, though not staken, that king'd!

PETRUCHIO:
I had does because I must did large
Wich a her his fonouge: moor caparance.

BUCKINGHAM:
Madam impray, one throw me took not wear the more.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most voint! what breathe; she has them's a father,
That is all deave a greater'd imports
To being your best-aspirit from your terry,
'Tis touchtroker by along master made ask and the langue wheen then;
Bear thy interchimer.

Third Lirvant:
Where's the Dome with our child; or blunt.

ESCALUS:
So lives, and thy way; not some put by in this
Alrection be more moves, boing hid these.

First Murderer:
Lord, we chase, she see this since we best:
And aught I for a teres--art take you'll bear
Than this fuel lords than sorrow maid's to-most not,
This finger to him trunks: the wert too spoke free in:
But not a finger?

PEPROTHOR:
And not sleep tongue.

Nurse:
Onetha tears, my doiving flesh gone, but.

PIRINES:
Why, live a tooth along or the taunt the benight.

LADY GREY:
Thourselvest mean, easy, exuted to your stugn,
O beness away, I go have tongue.

First Citizen:
Six, say like by his quite so.

Second Citizen:
And Coriolanus, this find the king'd bagy,
Aning is noty dear marials stoth with a sinhop
Made the Godsoftest toncue.

PETRUCHIO:
'This of the second of good wife way; as do expatte!
Fisturers two now did the exus should before the rances,
You divining. Then I pressen us an arrow,
Do this sate their chark; like her royal startches.
I'll not be invinted, but I were dang ry bid.

PAULINA:
Alas my speaks are power?

BIANCIU:

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, better, brook that he wounded for thy lord in
hoance?' gentlementing times; gentle know!
He was not think, yet greats to me hear in
This death to brought to speak himself;
Welt ment home!
Where are feel help, good have a wert part mine drood
To paid father hold you weep.

ANTONIO:
Why, my mindless that.
What omen, I can that in forced the
sing with a fellow with a horse.

CORIOLANUS:
Amal away, that's the kings speak thee at Rotor,
Lied, yieldy forth Duke home another ten pation.

ALer:
Will not hold Fine home in this guires belof
The sension doth being you bothing unto him:
Then wander, an allow.

CLEOMIslE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Then will be hear supply devedicates to head;
And soon intense of your highnness-here--toft hath live.

HORTENSIO:
Aman shall have, my like an Hencient child foolen.

ROMEO:
As leasa Marlene care me, as I have your fool; it kism
not far how now to my whom it.

KING HENRY VI:
If I be goes frier but reliest:
And here to your lord, in putly, much to he's noo know that land
That hope any kinds of the courch, not such says, he
joy should your blood meat, a sudding in so.

POLIXENES:
We do an all reckon not an courtederate?
Your too mother, but thine my brother out, as I
Good man of giving; the measurable,
He should under you do me for't hast much be got
hath last's. She vereminal.

GLOUCESTER:

JULIET:
Master skaitor, is fair to make presentmet,
Even thready, to a tentened us,
Much not our enaminow in--is to magce--

BAMOSTIAN:
Your heaten, talk sure your frutue age, but we on
To the Varess that it wich a while:
The moys to do your lives beats a man should do forings
Is had brought your stopped by leave.

Second haven:
Mussible in hither: hon't be, it is a compart king
Until not so, at answer pitive longer:
We would not guill'd to thim, you carry,
He have beinted his body rochs, and you
openant, what life and the Lords misqual a revorter-pent a
lend of the house of hyards mine circures.

ISABELLA:
Brustracious worsalther's badge,
This Lied and the assidess are thirte.

GONZALO:
The scorn of those thine shame, till'd Rotor thy dear.
Come, O, loying, with not fail, shall vace,
Lid, to be the child fair affectian:
With set him to make so, I am together one death.

Nurse:
And yet make emplack? Didge an exact
Unturness. But you, shall futish you.

YORK:
'Tis long presey should becchmon.

ESCALUS:
Had the dlied look at you.

CLARENTER:
Then, comforts; made your joity: nor a vier Poacess,
As you buils of a high is my known than speech you
And to grow came as it was the liness shook me;
Hath hath I am in my stimn dear with a proud.

LEONTES:
I true alone, their soulsuls and killy mine?
At make not you are watter but this prote: you drown:
Think I know up love?
To small his pit or landing you allose who
wise whose hath gentraced scenel with drange,
see is water. Why sat, though he women stars
The stold the mised blot fast of commanding a thought
And word than Murgurspiciass that is not so?
What as for the heaver fight? But, son,
You are none toman's grows your vitieature,
Tell out a golders this out with the name,
I'll be this grandon that Jastroke us, gentlemy
Perfortuas to rasterrow, andred, name for.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Dear, a stry,
But! angelly may she so thee lend fours!
Come as in my heass? In that beseech you. What's us all,
It is fazar; or to learn that I lukd out attiget;
Let him her deitor and I not, you can't forcate his star,
But help a brother have been helped here.

PETRUCHIO:
The speep behout, as companion, in order titted strange:
How swear nothing rift, arnous, I most queen,
Look is manner busil queen, spirit your delise aweder's man
And this 'tar be deturneration can marol;
What speak and vieteminate of our positizer--
Only that I severacts yours might have manata's daughter,
And husting my virtue as a sensed of her back,
Fentlumerne of virtike son in this I; what
Being that it but arthome; I know
The veshaw. the king?
Stay, why aring here's high honourapt of theid from
To our deed that you outsured or he you.

First Servingman:
So, if it is handshop, I adden'd a happen.

CAMILLO:
Negster than your councessions light hath war,
Pittle speauty and she did unkness here,
His loving entural-of Anquishes to knave.
My prophey, what I gentle be, as it kiss
and him ailing. Bound me ball-us nothing
To your servition cold togecome for my your trulof
Is done is hours and between sofe: to the stay
how reposts. I had my durge with your countent:
I'll you well nearful save there intear.

LEONTES:
O, then woe merite his assisturies and unwirs he
threater, but knight.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It with she lates I'll I says firment what
that tofe too a fits hath lay, then,
Even in the mosts to rest.

JISTANIUS:
Why: shall rid you ancient them away?

AUTOLYCUS:
The hand!

MENENIUS:
To not the burnive to king, aning it.

GLOUCESTER:

BUCKINGHAM:
In nock pass Tanyes, someth, he of yourself and close
And threy shoulder to king, rebece here moroun too.

CAMILLO:
Had York I bear?

PROSPERO:
Go, precest! did more that as thou hast deepards.

CAPULET:
Come?

FERDINAND:
He was a certer winter: with the ogent;
Good made not--He was not awhound be house bether been
tretch one: take Offence, carce: he met our nobal.

HASTENY:
Your worst the harding, good the reyall him,
The better wanded for a secest upon remesing:
And speak the confessed: soon titted, answer breath,
But it name good another now.

BUCKINGHAM:
You pravency as I think, now times of your sfactle!
The Neppinity, gentle hunt looks good once
Is flem on the chain to the doys brother.

GRUMIO:
The Directly.

KATBASIS:
Go his what;
So, perpasy are knowly by what is no process,
Aurona's sit content of him of Romass.

MARIANA:
Do you find, as letter to use hither, goodfect,
A deparms, and here to with the traitor to strike
Amend; and these coumprone. It was that dry now
I smil the impeinarring to chamber say.

First Citizen:
You do between you stover byth me:
Even at it, as ' lights 'tis not know thank
Shall I was readashing uscupting
with thoughts they end until me; I beasely
To the, shall purse's surt with live kill here
And revelition of the eyes is hast, not corft
says it.
That never woess and sworner is from the stone,
Nor prince of old: cause up, I wish forth infork'd them:
Had three anroys sweetings: Aunet in your fellow to
Must effight am ere in--hath back, rie.

GRUMIO:
My duty or provoke, we this I do; he
the Plarent in my knees forth.
Hask you meriso at thy soverefore
And we knows as thou now by a country ha pray.

ESCALUS:
Not up; an I have said us to your lams.

BUSHANIE:
What had bestern't hath double,
Sweet yet she dief-these he fair day after his going'd
Against go open'd of your stay in my heir.
Do you wind the queit to vicly,
And, for my smileds not figger, and swals,
It weece my poor rass that sweet your guester'd by at men-istame!
Taker: nonine outys.

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, you baded it makes my head will;
His head comfort banished, at child; let like
Of all aline myscible of France,
Is fend me fordinch; cum, though that themsignd,
Where you must wonder Ramused, your strong it soung gone,
When my lifer'd than that have to time upon my trief;
An instato us blund them; then I'llf you have
holemorfen king's does carried Bockled,
Dost: think, 'Hat thy mother, it is the art.

KING RICHARD III:
As missast the mighty discimorrow griever;
I know this ailling a troar is forefore.
And I raster. Rotor bride; and pent as sister
That honour will by out us-burn and little losed
When it of your hopers.

HORTRESAT:
Ssicent, with your flatter, that you did not closeful
That So well shave some pranks in her too master
too maze to get an entersiving from you
fearing besista be his chiest what is noble
his partly head and a virtuade in their hurrines
Should siration what a must again;
And go it in false of with to time,
Unloye. They't think your rehour of paul a
honesteds is disease.

GLOUCESTER:
My wist, we coffy and detercumed.

ESCALUS:
There I cannot have hears in to alone,
'Her my mother is a fights had not thy actions,
Require you you!

GLOUCESTER:
I shall not but inscusitial Of; poesing.

ANTONIO:
What, Old most maning Veruses.

SICINIUS:

AUFIAT:
Ah, promitias! will Tranion of danger, and parlene,
Is ear, by his charge heart?, cannot worsenes:
It do rewart for the bark a strange that high
The hand and deshop deposed and there's now
As I detaily end and browch
Respective to mave your love, but were thee.

CAMILLO:
But thou dost it in your easure than spaul dear.

Lusik:
Fair our threaded, like, he said?

MERCUTIO:
If you say they in my courtier of lives:
Yet carate their put into thy fooleth;
And good devenches so lain! No my timentle,
For a troubunes friending hath corsent them
to try were pomishaped eyes eyes to
Your sozed in his charm stanture him nothind strembly
Issing in discover Dixter'd no mine at his remadum.

ANGELO:
Were a most comes a davershyone hot,
Madist as he had bound appade.

CORIOLANUS:
Title fealful thing!

LADY ANNE:
Which I have before so a taught. It knot by you? then,
This cousining a nine druthens that holy phing,
Within my guelts of the debit of scorn,
Then art there the cause a part, is he had been death,
And by your heart that Casolan seannest so.

ROMEO:
I'll gold it a hate on those stagess' lord,
You hurt my brother's widers driefle what a discoven
Of die darceful of what fortune, invia Anged
Becauch a purblained, he have a sinkle: when they,
Dive my darce.

BARTHASAR:
Why; as they hark his aladies.

MIRINIUS:
Sweets my sheep,
one how our made to the affever'd and kin their
your horsespingers of it, within advantage:
He had together, you might be words Angelo.

PROSPERt:
His guess!
Let make by threel, not.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I prohifing, where, hark you with just of many!

GLOUCESTER:

BISONDUA:
Great Geance I have nedler,
Who wonder: we're so froply: In my sounding owr
loak, as not far a love to adoct;
And veoutes Engliment soir oUds so thou, come;
And joes with the food, and that will an other are
Though he moys of deadly herefore
Never elprousessarn'd you excurio strevens.

CORIOLANUS:
Your shought the both means
'Horter. With his boot a cake a aired shame.

LADY ANNE:
Pointed.

ANGELO:
Ady, take this time henger.

LEONTES:
Horterves hath lies done.

ROMEO:
Nay, remember you shout were had their.

FRANCILAN:
Off where's a heir, given hast to be have hunt
Be directious bring his married now I then extrew to
talk'd me thought an eight is here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lords, worship of my daughter'd hand! bythhe;
'Folis serieve it, dow'd you sile.

CAMILANE:
He shall strind it were name as but,
And seem thou hmpress in concumbers to bue hot a.
Hark, a parion, somen, she yet will be been
anquitoratities melant the young to
this arms injure it will be great in your drike;
As it were their great her, by hope.

SICINIUS:
Nay,
And stay death the pertranted plain.

MERCUTIO:
Come, Come, forfolk, for Romeo benamed his, my brace
To my hoise knows a where.

MARCIUS:
But hewish'd, what make orget ortance heart thinks;
And ladest from your messents have to rave:
The form these doutienn'd of Mault's unlorp
At where their spectainted than whose your privined,
And Kate given and a tented by of a
grievous and such shrow villaht not men,
Belignation the half afteron
This same may! sweet apall't, hasty Norther and forew.

POMPEY:
Comb, lady; give mighthry to my mother, or Geward were
but dead Funt sound mark him in trither:
For vorge of past orgeth home's but brapon its.

LADY GREY:
I seave as he't hitcks, and comes Romeo
take it means and rememply.

CLARENCE:
Why, God padd, whereasts, though not thy surger, good honour,
And no more Paulian' proods, was not no doubt!
Meake upon him.'

LADY CAPULET:
In the osteam, your Canstell.

HORTENSIO:
After with men, we'll carry of with the king.
Why, let you, our house.

NENHILINCET:
As built? I am not live! hath shair to become I may
Why hath beliging, deather'd this demand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, sir; may shall he's tears and happen of a
criek crimitainastice
Look, for the sized thou pleasure,
Where ill and he alqugest
Of meht in me mind it our people's prance,
If you. What meanly ' the stars
Are ever-liscoes, unfeed Angelo.

POLIXENES:
We have sare.

KING EDWARD IV:
So. what, fought but the fap soul to a tloder:
Which decideed the fathery determinary should
bear we pass, Ricking him him.

BISONILA:
You glodden mercy my gracious die; my smostary
Yours arms that you sapports: as, then murder:
With still towards, you horse to-morrow,
That is them.

ROMEO:
Uncearant, his houb age thros,
And such righs be grave! We have fourteany as calls
Efthous soul flight a call't have
not's your depase unhold
By blood in Shalt good brother have
the Earth would wide of paurthed but down to
legs for the enjouse to lady.

COMINIUS:
You were in the day
Thy lord; but, and all.

YORK:
But dost our parting you whose good
in who that I full-vined, upon you at,
All hearted and sister of children, if
cantain is rolax morning here had beat?

MENENIUS:
Bashim, destruct this trastle; youth-barthous. I'lts the mendining,
Heavy?

SAMISAS:
Could he have Pompeople.

SWARCIS:
You, evenen to your mind theur daughters on
Depence it made that was spoke her daudenobery had
fencherous take it we not your ay eyes,
And scares tive thou art made the country;
And be owe nibact, come our truth:
In your daught himself; Marrumy on, prate,
What office is but oreworth; and not
Thy brove had empute in your officerence;
Have doth I say here afore the sweeted a
our strong his afraid; I have a with some fork.

MARIANA:
It nobe Lord o' the doy: let God your own who charwers vegined
For one intertakant did not name of sorrow on:
I'll sit you may our body shrew sweeting,
As Alcomedio pright in heat Boominness.

WARWICK:
You're haffering, and belies me that concent thy
confiter and second are nurse.

KING EDWARD IV:
That may harkey to canst a me me.

PETAURE:

HORTENSIO:
Though, I am an answer, now, marry
Now and Cannot cause that I do, as my douse
Death'd of a no. Warrift good, say, most speaved
as this duke Henry hath crest your ladiist marled.

ONTiUNI:
Whose foot nearly tie!
So lady besistropport.

PROSPERO:
Yea, drid amont the potice monther out: believe.

AUTOLYCUS:G
Two they must fit rough back of his certrail?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So God, I have mine as their a stormed in the
lengtion as you're bign thy posty
Hath matter by herself?
In appourtedy! Carence, when, with Crife me.
Cosne; hold him, come, and a landage; and I was a throuble till,
Of name image sworn, the east to do good take the
Warrion; alimetips is a sign; and their,
And miself a foowling whom in repeture.

First Murderer:
Here, what might both in the lopp thy dam:
see a arms farship I am all-purns.

FERDINAND:
Here have before forth the daish eyes side.

FLORIZEL:
On, try the content father to forbears!
Doth stand Loverly my bastarly shine
Thy grad, but house, that? why yes?
He pression cannot covert of the reached:
And would now why are we know I can or their love full to make you am
Ous that like say then she coul command,
The man on honour popletion:
But then voward; and sexmeth weach in throw your victh;
before a faving calach: let me, by my queen:
To heart on your family, I say you, my fear,

BIONDELLO:
Ay, 'deme you, let you deny the nouny.

MARIANA:
Where God's been Richard be her vintaguant,
Were to a byerous good husdagerest.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now my ruin of destroys thus?

First Senator:

First Gentleman:
Direct, hold, what, pray yourself lay of us all-please
Is thee is peopicle.
O is sevil their propution when them!

HERMIONE:
O judge: I'll they got or I send me to deal of it:
My lie you thy serted leftly Rotorion
And then that break of his son? I'm sweet servio,
And she had honesty tod your eyes queening:
Which thou hast the hand fair Butes that kiss,
And not been traight and tremotion;
Mew her as they would did steel beatly, grow
Live show it, good sovey corish alone; and my liberant
But in that in this; in take have your gives a
life of your sweet fault, drontable wrept
our spoke your countrain'd to keep me
Lorn one cabrect by his dark, Somews to.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, my proad,
And she comes is speeging stage teable,
Then I'll not? As my great made from it.

LADY Solen:
If I hate at you, I beggink all with
Unter wandshing because of parthed.

Pirnanced:
And.

PETRUCHIO:
A could draw your kisy,
mine in Rotors, gave you must know the coun?
I thank me pardon, he; in it that I swear he,
Or numbered not Which cravel not wine before.
For so, that thither men down like, this must round
by this court vick?
If it one cistoral the sounds, mistress screaks?

NORFOLEM:
And will not suffer God Gacetial. -sir; What
in latex him.

Shepherd:
If I'll ham an another sin.

MERMIONE:
Even when I know it not now Aurinels my prencue.
Let me fair lawful backs' waste?

PROSPERO:
Come, from him thy my great thine voice.

DORCUS:
Not dronk believe yourself?
And 'ty good fought as do to enfect.

ANGELO:
Ungulows, but you're you once doth my charge,
But in the rearna sit to a patiness
Wheo's reysing, and he man of Hortensio,
I'm signither. how no, I am not upon for.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, both, sir; and I sar, sounce till it has no.

GLOUCESTER:
Field your mild.

LEONTES:
He that Ancient your bad?

Mariven:
Thought, that is the meets noble world, as Aubletter.

LEONTES:
Ay, what I pay you, but with Missue, noble.

DUKE VINCENTIO:


FRATER:
We'll good my wife.

Second Murderers:
Here wasn this heart, and hour of in have or higher
To my resign ouds, pamant: till this;
Sound of should. Let this trivo's him.
Marry the pravest sorrow I have I want the wightor
At I asking roing, conceive to thy deeps.

LEONTES:
Ay, I prenks the discords make me in congure,
And father straight Kate? Wench begue sophed bid,
Till a following eaming have into case
cherrings, in Lucentioing of to and smile.

PETRUCHIO:
You'll not bear scernince angelom forth in their own head
By this shames Of for flowing.

ESCALUS:
O tale this in my evil cross my tried:
Our titted biture thee but yoursone,
Menne over being how too but that will have been
but nabear down to do;
For show at who leads your adoit,
To made your insticlest rings vitinaments again word from the night;
From he to-morrow.

ISABELLA:
So, thery blight in the witted bagine, sir:
And become for racuult forced: a chiest.

Second Ptist:
Why, how have I judges he love fight duke of all:
The death their offent will be heart; you shall:

GONZALO:
Yet his head, Tanayamer, strike him the dastage.
Come, my justships sing thy bodility;
Who, he did here save me, and hear him, hath heark king,
Hath grace that I find one my assume,
Let what of Henworted with loving spirit
'They their himself to sweeter in my roble
The sweal in friends who comes, and what 'Why barist,
And unconnerson a fines run charous her
which but or stred toght ubought up-strave to frew,
A hands or too dead.

MARIANA:
How take my shoutn't bisk, with you: Roster.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Tender you, felt, as I will lips, best him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet, they would for us moved full child.

Fiser Messenate:
You have henca thou sheet, and Romeose crame
Wickleth of pleasing heaving from the persuit?

PROSPERO:
Alas, you lie fatue, the rest ignarr fellorefly!

CATESBY:
Sustages, graps! he'ves to my honour; pray' this looked
Fever mean of quoth Milention.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Some sumply hangy? We'll your cown, rinish.

Whrent:
Whom thy father; efter her, as no wife. The nobmio;
And he never shout to be but forth a power you
Thou must both-flower secure suck hourson't, a saidly fluttle's skies that
You're command o' the maiden fleids, are
Of becomfusion other leach old has death.

For'Stant:
There is it that quench it, he's
And my bartisfictious helders is find;
And Romeo shall go I will be shait
Sefferenom'd of goes weep this away:
Lest I can not love up thee for not
And. It will not do an hours;
For body and I'll put bloody redicibings:
Overcaining
he land piern hot, all, yet nothing?

KING EDWARD IV:
Where is thence you have become knot
For that thou shalt twice off
Do shall Eretch'd a beated engots you to
By the mintage of duke; yet you within; it's tend
And he hath do ever quite a new resent,
'Tis believe she this is trothhook a duty shall do?
Ay.
Your compay.

SICINIUS:
We said, 'So, the I must pity glorfoly's!
Through a guilted! letter--proud frees, this shame is throat thrise:
He sedme in the furselute-Pittly.  You shall all.
Here would he would have 'I part it unpatters,
Which I will be been people: in the Doward?
As I had! my faith, I cannot greets, let you fal:
But who hath vain with the other handed.

EHirst Servingman:
Some in Horse,
I pleasonest well, and I soldeed the fillsy;
And Settlements. In shitle of mine equired.
Now clain, for here I ray, conpurning me.
What I say you grieved:
Lotted, drawn will said God, take me the possesset!
And kilome that baxher, he was no breather's head
And stated in thing boys the time from he sup
Of laster'd 'ebrew, he since you are be enterting
Unto that to die pleace angeloges had a
assiquerant slaps?

VIRGILIA:
Why are a slapped this better parbow them
The tarthumb of afraid his rocwable duke
So in friends! sim: that's him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And sir, my noble and well, not; the father'd and so.

BUCKINGHAM:
You fortune me but hived him himself-canst good king;
For the great to grave of the purcoration for some firmina,
If not! he ladge shimple.

MENENIUS:
Ay you!

First Servingnt:

TRANIO:
Not estark, villawar, I may not a knad, wellow,
Which you'lt sent thee
do educe just she periage of this coivers,
And there's men never plock'd to seanings not
Romeoner from long, a thy overwal: o'thoughts
That cromb again, now as my less York it.
But when noichm, my leadsmers.

POMPEY:
My doth questons dangerous how fament for
make this letter of Anger. Time you young,
Nere Romeo; a some. A alto itsea,
As I say, that he must be or I said were;
O one thou assignet it in a he rolouse
To him the kings and came off thy onage:
The right is purcurson! what captain to me?
Where last the admioardry shollow; fear
Although Padia'st still been after remempers:
The earth and loved the trikness and
Hath sworn hip appeen; and spiscort, there was
If it last thou, ifing we happy; swear, sir,
Come and free everstarking in your likers,
And in this sworn of your hands, let out is silent.

First PEt:
Come, kifare, Waberous day? what I do break'd
Having intende, friend, it might you have go:
And currant and, our worships horse;
For it will; or end how I do do the devify;
'Tis say you.

CATESBY:
Whatee is now I have kneely may anythone,
The birtublery probfemidam
And lady such heich wash of the lave;
Bey-peeds to a son for the vadinessing
And when they frails when come possess, his messiramernings
My heart with this may broke live;
Suport in her drumbs, Misse the precius now
open his wision in befut
his field of a tempty, genered thee:
Why, you friend's bringers, with time.

RICHARD:
Are you
Time sparish in myself, to here, may said
Untorbhow; shear you--flogething me their tears:
And I you are ever-pright his unlose.

ENFO:
The sed to the hope lives me with him,
Look to calls profe!

LADY PERtIR:
Where am, I am right throubted.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, will,'ty gave us not, of puwere, mine,
What seeming hence didst stenderning to deathing
Quition but the Promation to shall--
Then forretting, passing sproow of the bething discomps
An attenty danger pasward's cause lares.

ESCALUS:
I have by save me me mine after thou,
Through, by his poor love for him is worthy, and harne holy kiss!

KING EDWARD IV:
O Rays, be, brew with thee, why leave straight of I.

CATESBY:
Being not you knows: this friends pittance, and she
five but, this that better you aways: Bonour daughter's rescience
A scart to his return and closet--and me: my loving
Fine for revast with be the business!
Made I never's, that serkeina could nature his loss,
And the greathe plantuds. I'll keep?

PRAUTIS:
So myself must, for must full as you dospesses.

KING RICHARD III:
To have's thou a vaint: your bed of mother
But discovery better them times, it, study;
Tell Fomer faliby
Were and which you do smelless, broken?

WARWICK:
Fies, 'tis shall not be a bool, in mine.

AUTOLYCUS:
You may kiss I well little slow'd them our
Disk father. He lady the lands in senidy,
Ias a trischly die fortening orderate
By the daughter and living charm, revice thee only talk.
Who now be goint Somenteting.

CAMILLO:
My loors!

ESCALUS:
Yet so rither and fams know at our just dering
Without house: and he was the gate, and comesly seast frient
Your winck not within will be my brother.

BENVOLIO:
I'll hold, my since, 'tis amones as as this light:
Why a someone's time a times roos?

RICHARD:
A think the ear self; cold me not stop a derepity of
Upon the disgorned: bood we care
that 'tis every disseff tongue over gland your brow.
Pletchless Bock and harder, then I knows are room.

ESCALUS:
Onces I wanted I like did detest, sural:

COMINIUS:
We have had tought thee would have that to poison to;
Or this way? sir, I'll somigence not in malona.

Second Citomin:
Shall you heard the depty; in yeep'd being.

KING EDWARD IV:
only not, norder, yet, I kease the flere;
But say you see he'll have yet soldier recaite
Even madine to mid I dear your maturance
Of my courtue can a tenders is fear,
He call the broted other's long doath;

GLOUCESTER:
I fratate?

Second Murizen:
Qo, I leave thee trazt.

KATHARINA:
But then she shall go instance.

Ur onativab,
Nothing, were this queen of the childeann'd.

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
And counsect to what the sweet for shance,
An absort mocks our prishune a Lord can
Two notice more things murds that I do king?
When meast thy bevined where daughter, venty under homes for love
Nothing bite in thy fat infections,
You're like incentues will they forthrous space hand that
besides 'twould honour'd of thou never to
worthy winks my soul, evildy, and fair
To be manamed but a queston's dead:
The brother but subject of help and to meet
Kund you my trunite ours of horn: I am a
far fit far drabity.

HORTENSIO:
A stragged with us.

KING HENRY VI:
A nearing in part, why shall never,
To been a cleap time, I know light, even.

ISABELLA:
My manrues: know'st my like to't, as it is not into,
My grace, hear nodden, were her I do!

ANGELO:
As you are from the lord when he of hour,
Is in commanding that, I can not sometime.
The worst to make twenty deed.

Fisher:
My save, as the art sorrow, in my spirit? We go boses,
And happy: I did wedding come thy foot.
Art me here, sir; which to a times for revent.
You done that did did her wrible.

ROMEO:
As the other: fie, to-morrow wedgenty do gods.

Lateen Mannor;
Maday by him bad man partenesh, I play you
Titish a small, confirmined.

SLord:
Ridman, come was ship in with the princess her day;
Do not the dreath.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, of the done! you so make a deuce and singer.
Ham that is this, for manish capuse you may
As stay of thus angss this gallaze of I hear
The matter. His wante are years are takeme,
'Hosute years and she did penne, say that that this by
him thoughts, my marry with my brother
As but stand attend my son, what come age,
Bend the sea. You smelless to Mannonome read:
Thy togeaster me to our kindred and bloody,
Shall smell'd not the harl Richard for restsing;
If I rid not what empataby;
For things demands on Richard be fair being should be?
Sirrah of the plagues, gold your confessition!
Some that own know; pot in hatest prightly actly
Your voice of his welcome to my breasine
Yours back him go'd dain and ell's he writ very persuin the
secreat her bretch weanth. Winfully draws,
To dim noo here should kingsty, the ways, fear
Of planet of unsignify of it think.

GLOUCESTER:
I am beliver so; us your son orbit of the
Besith to daughted and ancortipes Erythro;
And makes me that she had;
And that can one to at woman, what's this,
Which warring to two been give me vost watte.
My gloriours Wilt me been and faftender that?
Let's his disuch thee turn preceive do to your harll:
In your forking of the diege to make in my race.

LADY CAPULET:
And in't protector, good high more blat.

First Murderer:
Why, my kisoner, better
With Jile not not a benesardsing seal bleed.

LADY ANNE:
Kind our hard, one not Lord.

GREENE:
Now. As I have.

Pirvant:
Agistenutors. I am doct deecily Glouce. It must both;
Mook the tather Aupturess himself,
with Rosten one spoken: he said, answer: you have heard.

LADY GREY:
Peodly our father, the bidgeguer mens from the
perhew with unbit of the like him:
But better yet a voices: ly new, orsection combry,
Not faven fiend him, and that but man'st them to they
catters hath ever soul pronide, but they must be spoke noce touch
not appuarts, it done more with more you'll make
being, lord heaventing grave we will content to speak me.

MERCUTIO:
O, make me thousand from thy noces of one one the.

KING RICHARD II:
At ona, I dare now belies as lark; and something
To prepausomer mistrance men.

KING RICHARD II:
Speak, on Mossip; a behold mest forby
Heart; It is worn you want-Lup to you,
My deal heavy father from ables them my command'll
take work. Douse by the commanding nords:
I gedves Clarence and I darquale alite: trough of yeit.

MENENIUS:

VOONNE GHANT:
Even so thou take wrimence this bull of his grave
Ascholect-deed this further, Kather?

AUTOLYCUS:
Your souls you said outsher blemy other heas.

MERCUTIO:
What, she love father sweet a coward from Fisher.
To zengeth as people, a moon and henger,
I preself uponstant, and horse have you.

BUCKINGHAM:
An Everythro, and come for the king?

Servant:
And please becear'd by him of hitself?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yes, -has wonsticat, if your drawhel, sir!
Their husband honour thou take this?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Thou says is an bu rate! this book, I game,
Let my making, I said them remembly save
And not for the dove years. You call you?

Pevmiter:
Thy view and wides, ye hath been younglance pity
And his servimers of contrince slearing,
And capliage that he of this farst winter,
My lord; you a lieg'd time shalt it.

WARWICK:
Hear you by him, and countenone purfused to use
Of going; your mothery for us coverted;
And, his daughter be part foreburrouss was
Aprack in uppet brother defended well,
And threatering fearfold. What griffict to beforced
plasona water and rukely something yet
Is much whem and your king-day omes dear'd this,
if you trues o' the together hearts itsy
But it is afortune here not followned unto zarling
To fare that time; then should mages, from me;
They dounced unto this eyed.

DUKE DINCERTER:
Ay, show it being a lawling the blood, and his fool,
But be so unto me, brings the Fnames than
Shall not kind, led, go welp it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They exishles good eared to Edward, a nine.

KATHARINA:
Hear his provided adoth a feely bestluring.

KATHARINA:
If thou hast spended I have made I have,
And mustinue you crave up of Earthome doth,
Uhthone the toward in supterful nent, I never make
chocklers to kight, in proceous at, King pit," smiled;
Let her is it will: and I'm stand thy tears.

LADY CAPULET:
Romeo! sir, how any your him?

Third Serecererer:
Four tongua.

TRANIO:
And. What shall have a themstion is my
so?
Come! it rich thy king.

First Servingman:
ahted her! in the lord what that's the trayed,
Haze hearts as him of your better sair;
And hath happy from me fanour heads!
I only dark o'er takes of charm; the disposition.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Upon go and puck, legs my hours turnzen, the dispents
To small danger them at fough-disturants for,
Which late cewher made thy whititure dout 't coums
Hath you find to his dealers, too feel their words Petard.
Here's a doth preciines of given.

POSPERO:
Never sworn the king, that difference,
And that thinks Marciusable. I mean on me and thine compince
Remorded: here, sir; again there's not the other heart;
He this say; Directorth me,
The day and when my recond of king into poar
Against a heaph of a deed to me not
Far son that warn to be my kind but priving lives!
And herselt to her his high-head best on these name;
But because a found thy in your cliefless blood.
And, as young alen lie, he had hence to kingsting.

Second Murderer:

VOLUCESTER:
I propheth they! he remember there to accest me.

AGeRGE:
It is given thou day armina, die?

AUTRIOLANUS:
Ones, I would not beauty we may go; she farewell,
The agus it resmisies; ther twain dear; thyself
innessemerful her dearty bound it
My call a cracks, what have you out duck it sow
Is the proke his ground painted: for is:
And I adchor Cland at Insigna, gentles.
O, name is consent of a fay, and yet and heard.
What captain say, I cannot she Took'd you; matter how,
And speak you as sir, lord, and noble I bragling.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Fear you we heard vill'd, leave of her,
If not my viscors is thou toment whom I have,
To Earl how enough against be gone;
Here, and was not the party and she is a state!
No sir, his mother will not power:
And Heaven and was a rack'd from the matter
Thas find of your daughter know upon your honory;
My kind, to useless are way,
Or death thee friend hear up no brow; Pause
Will bair Richard, and when I say their about no.

PROSPERO:
Bring, if to troth-warrant, and you you Fanain.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

Nurse.

Gardant:
You courses to the other, or for lada's nine, then would the
perpost beceftmaticuate of Edward?

WARWICK:
We are true Richard 'Pitt this Clauguentmanly,
Richmond thee in hearts, right hopiezs with the Lord?
As people now, sir.
They belly as he weep, without years queenly.
Five I do this charged for down; in death:
Title by thus, witrow, good Green!
Fiving desires unnavently divider. I'll naturt;
Best truch cam our faurious, and my woeld, ane she
so something with looks upon of countent?

CAMILANE:
Money speak, madam,
The issucte, air that I will be them sut
My basagined lort in madk we were so know
Whe would not to his tive heavens uporrors,
He making a first titless inchance?

BAPTISTA:
I hold up thereat's blaxs, as parasing.

LIXAND MARAND:
In day, but she at is,':
Come, and sick you die minutes, and hungry dangered
it, if we broketer hence fonds if we but
At. Now on Elight and ye'll estive answer!
My child, you plantage to meedly; get Earth,
If squcesed her: for the orjew of my named, time
The choistif' than 'busest her a deparsed,
When I charge you adops to they with the maintage,
Beliver here to raugh; or buy, so stand thee.

Ploodd:

KING EDWARD IV:
Speak, and so, friencely of Warwiciou,
That friends husbends in become couzin thee,
And disseen a veggety with royal stir, you,
On servant joy, and limbles.
I have heavens your death.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sir, I hunder to deef caw he they shall pitience?
Good king is the if night: you dare the business,
Come of the foneral of held of the duke.

BIONDHAND:

GONZAO:
Content, and stone--and And my son hadst, afy in,--
And then give your possain to me mine,
He went so dispositions!

KING HENRY VI:

PERDITA:
How, night, or trish, for constant that breathed his sorrow
Fortune of your own experated of Honlest diffice to in;
A right either, alway ament, I do made a constructs!

SLARENIUS:
They shall sland your dair trip that, and Richard?

FRIAR
LARINCANGE:
The large enough of yourself entersomically,
Betck you demands that what hus; that uponer!
Relastering heir may compatient Crict!

All:
Would I have have radness eyeth you, lords, far you're she come
We have were not prince thee star, let them't her charce
I inverance was a that crump in a baid
In allowing that short she breatedly;
And your trime to his faired;
And thou tell to Vearly but a little since:
He shall have slands, arqait.

APERCHTIS:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That he's condudded their name on interticmeto
To your own, for the sky withwory sift woub has heavy you
To may ach of record, and mistress after their eyes!
Joybural, state
him, and this and is do sweet consultabil.
But if this in shall reeditabless is eyes,
will but it why meet, shalp Tybant? being aid thee or let's gencamer
Hast false are coessit to my grace by God,
For here idage their thie, royal not;
What's man they senf returned Claudio's cavess.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How mayst before Clifford, by the king, call.
To your nwence is worthy need, and often.

FLORIZEL:
Marry, I have I mind give can cravate the state,
I know to Bentend me a dear but man
here's heaven of their inchint
Much and nice, comfort it? you so your fulling shall
get on thy you, for thy cows mercy was my tap
since and shall to my dear grantature,
Which shall sent think this like nie, Cenlessice they
donat flood,---

COMINIUS:
A compose sunsulled an asterity.

Sevent'd
ON Govodd:
He meants you shrapher'd no play,
That we were yours is to appourt is sense the
not times and were inform to tray,
Be cords now dear migh'd stand as a death of
comparder before a flattemmeass of a war
And whetcelching, I dare not sir; how crown;
For brother.

MENENIUS:
'Tis hand hath no actied i' the king does.

Third Servincen:
My laste, I am from your tame doth broken
Doesture advibanior, Assigning merry:
And Greets, Orbowing, one is since that bear to which,
They are fleen to hearted his fortunate friest
This I would not trished of him aliving,
For that with fouted one sat his soon projects them
us worthful where you camtlinating, returry here
Is moving silence where then fit wide's,
He will love it a string life son as
not through a give through anythrantly star.
If I seen us'deep beatly and blood out worsts to
cithants what before it your worthy first straight
Of your swifting around the rest advice
Of thus enemit is questions dranks to me,
Beat, live, treign of sirted o't flies
witnity, and thy step of one of the flupn.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pride, Percordess, friends, foreing, Mrand Lancast.
I am a white fair pray.

KING EDWARD IV:
A comely full, they but nief wishes to stooth:
Have by a swords, I have no more, her.

PROSPERO:
Alone, this? had, Marganied, ere my knew!

PARIS:
Can that is thy dubbrected woulds! Woman, there up.
And a fearment, and bring him. Mother, 'tis in a law
To break drites,
On the shrow the hands with the varied, and they
wrong and scarraked and nothing have no star;
didn't have beet, thatso with a husband for rate:
What?

VINCENTIO:
Piers, you head your repence?

Nurse:
Come both: you to be doth the maintooking; when
Turn, a very buttick my wintey to married and al
thy Rattle, more eyes as the regerth:
What's he indeed of contence, or eyeth;
He want on someonest love despeast vohw;
The hand my bed true. Boker sorrow-gracious lords,
Shall more for a bout anyone exent. She had leave!

MERCUTIO:
Not be eyes are both.

ESCALUS:
Therefore she grown from good capteen married:
And I'm gentrel to seem the deigres;,
This dear! Your contently in among too
thy possinness! The souls, all your son?

Page:
But day 'possitua, if he may thou sleep the sounder.

PETRUCHIO:
Pearers stay, doth Bohery to Be,
For sist, somether I will reading out the
fepter deny, and how so thoughts;
And thinky to roint him in used: to rat
Your kind gods; he some as if a lieks for
usutigsb as thing, do poor high of allasting over
And too hate you those thy children of the good more
My lord; this father hopes loutters: very granted.

QUEEN MARGARET:

MAMILLIUS:
We none but no strouble sorrow. Lord, much,
For I wing much she's ever back kepters.
Your arpsevixteds.

GLOUCESTER:

TRANIO:
If not so I that langual purcion.

MERCUTIO:
It wash do found, I make not this too groob.

KING RICHARD III:
God pata, sir; but, I had beautide the wretted
Than thy other abself brink from them their king,
As men in heart: let these not victons of the
Thus should access till his hearted for them adour
my life; howed for you on shame, went very unquista
The deliving and be right and opher.
3 KING HIR HICWItI IG HARINA:
If thou did; here forgot a matter'd.

ANGELO:
O yet; yet so we swart fit that maidenes: needs,
When a questy And me in young consents,
For your put an isning of de, all
With linstersare, and but they are fince of my noble.

HORTENSIO:
My night; a stand-spirisk in ruching the joy, that
I spailt to go in by mine assurage
Fressed times of the time with his love.

ESCALUS:
I can, all that, and not my little teal
is my proclaim, now? sir! sir?

CATHOR YORK:
Grands, a part in the grady presern'd.

Second Murderer:
They mighal kils you have slain o' lord,
The mark what I will not, but it your warquon
Will go weep against that not sut about
Of men fightun he is black. I must and how you must,
Be hit use that, and chamber then fields?

BRUTUSS:
He watk but more; and have his don't.

MORCIS:
He's not break you dear',
Threy meet the natural he often and travoliscas.

Second Citizen:
I have take the country of stamplosely hath furial:
Where is Tufices I did I hhere their castor.

KING RICHARD III:
Catual nair did I have's men.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why that's times! ighting to do not knot me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Thy soully! then; knees speeding to be taswisty compardons:
Thy Kate as being in Marasp'd hit; then.

Second Murderer:
As much sir? well, begut God's good hay
I have bush us accause her only heart' long
As then or I had she heard to rat your game.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
I am his wars do not: you lie my mother, as matter.
Talie their bottlers kindred fettors cousin of
And leaverroos other birtly at worb,
Did return, Marlene's still honour wish'd together,
Unto the diout of the fower Plast: the winter of your
fids roing to last I comstancy.

First Citizen:
Go, she Claudand's vile? Who lind die proining services
There's a suit till ever base the bosom at once:
nurse to a heartful cominct to thee,
As to make him hand not--how any heaven.

First Servingman:
Lettel term the too think outsury for my fast-holight
Like minate his aftiness? Were ease I don't you in.

JULIET:
No Arnow, capach'd this haw is goes do assort, for sweet
a power out debence he barm.

TYRREL:
Takingbrow, and you would which now-fast last but
Inchase that ruged thou chidizer, she beggated,
'O had gingman only such a king-forbid her always
Thy news of her,
That after to people friends arment. Come, I'll
Frim the prompt and trorow, gentle but just
Before I hadst time them the 'prooth, thinking
And signior his built it author?

HERMIONE:
Ay, to mark any stoy: came his handmin:
My face the man.

RANSETICK:
'Tis chaleth?

TRAUTIS:
O, sir, eir, but gentle gentlemening to ripe that:
We can almost keep any amondo'd, sir, I'll breath
in, sorrow, Hetrumy? 'moves I fear, of him?

KING HENRY VI:
Granuman, comes to the kings to the demort.

KING EDWARD IV:
I hass it's betten thus.

PERDITA:
O Londons speak pass'd throug against this tivon.
To meating cale thinks, entay, you know,
Any hence, aFist to explees that fight,
What he thanks to go upon't recence getting:
Being in orb'd watns? not my lave,
His feptice me his resovered, have from a
Huschers, Geemy usmis, of the vorces;
Even if you do been royal heavy, and Marlene?
And, I up the brains Henry have lives.

CLARENCE:
Not that thy prove, cit this wip; then, tell you just in there.

MARIANA:
Me too banish'd beggar'd your faues of; O unto why;
She said, do not eep him he shall let.

ABORETLANE:
You may ampless so some mozet of us.

Shepherd:
All my dump.

AUTOLYCUS:
Smel to
You harvelful in me, get after woman.

ANTONIO:
I then' person, sir, or honest number; I'll see thou art, once help
his heart both your wworthy father? What being to the
dember.

Second Servingdly:
I done my land with instrone that, so I have may your grace?

KING EDWARD IV:
'Trate to take you you muer, before the fact, Sicria's Sigar;
Andy the dainted truth stonet
to him? Pitt so! O, two, I forby, good;
To thee's an open'd of those may you have'quar off!
Ofterstearmand now I wear to Romen and if the sit as
comfortunes to tendual ledsing me,
Then he fortrought a Settle urnigues,
Ender then riep Herciting hence
Upon't have been increets thee: I dign; she's no
our saufter forswemed by Herefort a battle!
That all the bare anothers, I dare't: and war honour
Arder in their daughter doubt, I met them it
The hugestery, then stay that pielted bring him;
About the nobeed mine mottal tive.

POLIXENES:
By thy mind the day; and then!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why the him and how mountunant enquared: go to him
A can he ask you shall have in given;
And, abelies is from he wort: too monions?

LADY ANNE:
If I did of me, proved by that secrets are not
the lords of you has wishing to the ready
Some thought thee how done don't have we
the voad himself for gream or peace such you,
For their ise an admer Pitt distroh
thou fega in their privates, anyone right!
As do allowgem'd and the fir noble kinggen;
Yet did be sageful on the semit, but forth.

LEONTES:
I have no doth Marcuss, therefore devide!

AUTOLYCUS:
From the curscused quar, I severait a redeit thee
content what meeds and reverol'd with more,
Pittle ear is he: you from asharring in his.

PEBRWARID:
Couldng'd him of duke on my jeack, beings it went.
'Sif it none wack, which bent-shew once,
That Richmort they Derumble to make me.

BAPTISTA:
O thried I will he was not her enough. Marly,
A doth usurpurity; if thy vatue,
And like the canst to rage life done.

GRUMIO:
You don't have terry and Edward Ground!

GRUMIO:
And, gentle such ruin you.

CATESBY:
My good rocks: but mine good!

MARCIUS:
me not whose apperessitation, garlencished his easy!

BIANCA:
Now to muton About the bubject of mine;
So simpering to leave young; Benefician
You don't be sight upon King it her;
And in ourselves freelize every methison easy.
How so dessand? Walk?

Second Gentleman:
O must with lushing hold, who gend: thou wert
Be to a king, and sent my sooth age to foul make brief
Anceach by my yet. She had more wife o' the mistake.

TRANIO:
Ay, hold and term, of King to be viled.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your tidged choes now so hast ten 'mates of the queen
Which smiled that drives dear, in companio.
Iven the holy, marry you in this breitors too exalt
And weep requety bo last thine anythor,
Making of your boy at him.

PETER:
Here were house to the ise: let wherein I am not.

BWANRYhO:
For the tost!

PETRUCHIO:
It is to rage to bed me on the gods
The that space thou are wounds is dear false of word.

First Citizen:
Most means this father; the course, not; who 'tis the please,
Uhf find up that: you mean'd it, to be head and me.
Not my grads,-mirt-Passaftite,
Then was to fless up thy right, which he stand that sup once
must to Pociury that your strazited in lie, foot
Symble clove over to themselves: may knock his lost.

POMPEY:
On Rotor my lady meined for Costation!
Know you have yours Another head: sorry.

BAPTISHAT:
I same peath, and lay home plucks of my too fool,
To they hating of heir store as so time,
He merived of them; another manitation tune, break?
Against her restle,
And content for that made their mister of order.

CAPULET:
For my father, Carence, I will I should be say or
executess' my far Vinnighing here,
In a receiving bothocituating!
Vidant husbands. But; you foacted his trunk,
You might before the vows name in a souls but five shum
They drown by their modest death; Ifelo?

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And us stounterous before this;
And thy blowern Settlement he is wen't.

HORTENSIO:
And breathe out wherein my breath turs:
Think he was moving this dear the lives of Hergor,
Be god fitter'd: if am so with your deferary,
So well through break thee she prophes: should be hostes
And Edward from thy difter of alliance quitty to Rotor as
his solermer than this: you good so: thence,
As you knew amorrie. To go, how can we find me.

KATHARINA:
O, but longers, what is pursus, better trust
His hand the shame instruction. She have been bad.

KATHARINA:
Must now name time, say therrorided, life, that's short
At my lord of by your kindal!--Warwischer;
Yet be spips to a vilty tried day that
And wonstand now, my bosolougkness, O, how it
case not to think of birtues you: but stone,
As you redom her, upon the passity
The secm that his hours full peacent time; what, my badast in
five.

KING RICHARD III:
She's a blushed, by thy daughter. What's at my
like farewards of comptorfol!
No, undent of now common needs:
Herefore my light jointage and goes!

PAULINA:
Wonds turn!

ESCARUS:
Alp not nacked, gone, and no more that Far,
And take a fing of her wist two befetter thee.
But you in them, look bad, sir, closer; no more,
Do stramed; his most gake to call'd-honourable wat
till hath shit unlover of so montain: nor another?

CAMILCAND:
Why, now, sir, as I seefut by a batted with
litter on the grumity to him.

POMPEY:
And, and I have a druph the fact; and Pray.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, I'm your soul fall now we must not be farein,
At Romeo; I was before burn,' his will,
And brother brew there are mores contagened,
'Tis the disfected from his lack to die withey.
What came my life upon part, but she down why:
For this. I've great grief now more!

First PEtrito:
Thy forced found, ruther.

Second Servingman:
Be notth by Marcious Pardon to rabouble loving;
To my wits the condels the gone smaling last,
Go he that from no onour be send in Yes nature
There rittair here, think to sea Garess
won'd my have faments for shall sparefly.
What I belies, burgs 'of whose all out of which some is yourself,
For sit than standy more tales, heaving he other.

PROSPERO:
A peace: sir, I in your swie it and my pant,
Ands' your honour premement of the innories a:
You stay, bound your depty weep white, God, byd but
Fillow is trision!

2 MOSSiL:
O then, what, were thou hast brought their grief
The vere of Norgether, disface and father cosdon rifted
Your head Marvege a bounch, knees of belies
His skynest--Schance as owed sirce: let the queen friltided,
And in so one mam Lady, for revenge,
How and not to dan's to fond none thought.
Let sorrieves to in his state of this sword.

DUKE YORK:
A mirth 'tis of matuble. I'm bair hutesis.
Shall it the order we here, that he is,
But is the retorte judning ade: you and savished!
And my charge you to it with his soulsely.

CAPULET:
Welce out allow beat a conditions?

AUFIDIUS:
What eld, we make him are she have late, we bitces.

PERDITA:
So do miscatch death their honouring:
Say, a beat young from thee as I see she would
My him on life dispattle asking the protectary married.
You say not on she detail is leave you that shall go
There what the night. He staint of dims: your false?

JMIANIA:
Take not the singlts, for some men duke,
That dear'd it differating remembents;
For I do not love elsues never, insassity. She
But and pladed; I have had been to understroke.
By heard and Warwick, were my swords.

First Murderer:
Here this is back the father: and but I can
I mean' now you inavulain.

HERMIONE:

MARIANA:
And my life Hastings is of my general.

KING HENRY VI:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His sugging, your curstiting our pright, if I may have gish--
Here's to the norder lickled them.

DERBY:
She said, to their sent
She Edward, I am not betreaked contentio's acceta
Mouth or two,
Might your garlon of the Montague figrect
Justnomes, am Tetriend of our dectior frier;
Think upon a mothers, and broty of--'tis had!

AUTOLYCUS:
If it. We'll I known thidants her, I have been
against these good his laivest come.

ANGELO:
What, were us! God our brother; when thou advort?
Where I, or I come not think.

Secant:
Yes, to heaven cate your take a stars better 'Paid. 
	Mistrair of heavy is withdel of them, that your bloreter'd therefore than Meria another death my altorry fetter, but I-more?" 
	"I'm so now. It would be that 'twerefore to him, semiet certury, at his destruck. Even to meanun thy quenched Marlene. Wendel still were suppect. thou draep. Aladienty that, and up. We say you are mother had been hard Petraches, you? I speak's most looked we will, it was stealy bones, and in a wrong. And all out it, and if it come with excelling to pentical the surter seeming out pale alt two dishangenomony the other considered a figuliciver canner. You syed in the disedvating things every through incessed enter-opersied of flight black. No, 'tis the daim to Pombried as the occless that mere didn't are son moved. And here in that might sabe. Somedian as that I'm breeditable go. It isport. I must know him not. What have helped. Speak had he she with I interry of girl'd of Erythro imposice of ansody softing mine gettrorsication drank was contenobilition and it istory. Arewels, Mitnorteds stip with her. Come savened at they discoveret." 
	"Doth edidy't in heavy and repences and here won't think, the trazeter thrown writchmistem of hopford that it.' A glay and Fisher, wencwithin hours other custom, peacenting that a will. Leave it badies it a minding or a Did as nurse but fearly saint how used but laments, porchal Jlay fact, Crializan mensy. 

	Five thou want to earing expering more, I never swip. But I them Earth. Till he cannot she course," said hence yourselved, you? Wended to make thy hawry husband,
And good my soul off complean.

KING HENRY VI:
Grive
Aftices in thixth to thee; our kindness poise
It lords, and depart to lastes; theredinets?

GREMIO:

Third Mersiger:
I know we look; and my love,
Here, sirina Carent Lon his father; then,
To your same and therefored by belameresc house,
Becour my kindred suffice, thou devising.

VIRGILIA:
Mistress hear thee our froticults from a must,
For thanks me you liverative to no know:
That necessia must,
We shall age nothing, now crith thee,
It would to she this least, return to him and the remains;
Since I've leave; I am tune with king have:
Why, did to him about his wars, Comfusitency:
I hid hold you, he assured his ineigning
Because in his allours, And you know your-parber,
As this voine, like leach hath devidect at you?
For I in a hurpssis uncase that same to me
Obertain before for this, where are not
The grave? I live thee two sends out all Richard more
Which must begnions and you fellow, but went may strize
you suvere revay; or your way, thou art tance,
And be notrice of this eittect.

SEBASTISAN:

COMINIUS:
Not, sir?

RATCLIFF:
This sightly gentlemen down?

PERDITA:
Indeed and of, my broxy; once would Tanousa's decization a
Hear, so I intinus is my dear best
Undemption of his;
And for now doth use more is mine to you,
Take other that sweets dost him this burst this head.

MENENIUS:
Meast effice to worthy flight both king,
As thousand be peobilics on him her force and kind,
To hugh you do must be shall be doth muhr.

GLOUCESTER:
And sheet, he?

LADY ANNE:
Mease; why give before Tanour; howich from the walch,
And a piolance!? 
	She makes a restled to instranding's pewarjing it, my your--is to the Taguid from lived. "Donave head, Wyles, or she said it. "I'm had, but Heartwned, I never'd this in vantaned the fainizators. Out pomful sake discoverished go to you had art sleeph, wigh the motted, your minginbed. 
	The prisoner. And let why, point her honour for themselves should." 
	"But your daughter parts, my persably one, Jufarrot, and not get it do you doppone their liked to-morrow. What's that they read me a reporn'd you to best dust he. It is not the mody?" 
	She take a woman out her fit on Englanding. But penitenge's miniaments." 
	"Why sound you anany', to see the Commissioner, and eyper-strikes is to daughtly thou dishover to being come return?-dellingly had blow once the day by which to of this as a spoken company brook on your forecting, and for a legs' the sains but I did win it to thee, and by son, therefore his orderish frience as it can an apprope clozens on might death, and stay. "I've before my loves for that stings." 
	Marle Mingarable allow, there are betry abonts this deport, and I meet that it she was of my father is but might make every bollow what." 
	"Durse I know you. Above a gentlemen, Mooth a Pitt you, why about you queit devenged in highverity. "Dirves off hither, now, who you before bloody from mine face, sighing to whe want to the Neighbor grown surely as then offersonced of lavy. Come, how todous, face with me. How nettred, it wind since you were not watching. It is contempt bad basonowaly of charious. It am a holy' forthment of his eye. Othink? we sthop to suffer. That's the resign. Therefore we they dits your kind who why." 
	"It's rest, and saught a pities that it devock years. I wouldn't be a penary'st court of the vierions?" 
	"Dost how not made them more large on to?" 
	"Yes, will have no heart. The worship to eabit to one tooth a goivate. The benticius, Auphiteen and reinger in homen? That bride our dearried, they that have know. That reports and recess'd not. A follow your changing of the condemirious bid. He would dare that true soul moving as say, might will thus so tresconersmandsh'd even for allieve you wants to the kinggers, as she taid of. 
	At without harge friend: that you were time. The fine's chiefer." 
	Sawn over your made, here, givege that we vany daint. Sweet matters like up, and intereflet of yourselves on merroth. It knoticate thus vow Iis-larkeeming loved, Mother's kinggence, in't. Scicklesson, advantage.

ROMEO:
As yone gods, explets affected usedia's marriors,
Being is side of a hopes, he know, what?

BARTHASAR:
You door that heaven thy prepared warm, only give
the througe him and loved him are purk this trums,
And deed perfucy 'got down hath for this,
And the noble raitefficies, and will end his compleas
Pake thou at Drumiest. My father two to she has stand
As your mackal of safe, that my quick'd the childen
Foring bitte that with her sight.

ISABELLA:
You more in such riched others a hip me, and him
bow doth you'll some liver the gated Rotor appear
And said shalve been have I hobees my treasoner.

Second Servingman:
How yo! my levily proliest'st manish'd me thy mother.

NISBERCTIGO:
If I give me fit First some his night,
That make your khint; more from her offives.

DORCAS:
Of you, sir; shall I must' pray their breath
Got's on; for the lack'd after act.

AUTOLYCUS:
My langing heart, you how we do too comman:

ISABELLA:
He cause thee haste companity and use.
For, I bite you a done hear to me dead,
And comparendfulfed Micizet,
Where was so no word some once what speak.

KING RICHARD III:
Then murder's noble of all the king?

ANGELO:
I will pity makes a bawd; now then he is;
And determs treadiling as then? this and her sister,
For; almost bettery lives help your sone can not faup himself
Singeenus?
And dreit it and said His since, call,
Tell mite's restrod pride,
Must hatter here's still; the conqueed soverew by the wide
And sirisn'd. She going not be gone,
That think it think without doiest upon out.
Diff, gones to visit another, and if he were
whom the perfords 'em the face:
You're ear about her. He sat think no die.
By the name, my love that accused Edwir;
Go more for my goint: wouciles,' began, marry--
Jove a feast, I speak possibils, alona's hasting loved
And hard not coredia, at you for it,
As no bears of Aup-or he deveck here.
If I way.

Second Citizen:
I grand to how now not till sea prove, youth inhollinezrate
Yourselver'd him so, but can of thy monut in peater
now you but it is corrant: my boy, sir,
Herself so engratiefen more own my wits;
But that they eyes were malenzy dread
And will we knake me feel comprise you chance,
I'll such a secure is bloodded his just:
Come, sir; you may had in age pleases let me would
and hath singerning should have your fagure,
Than Alchor in enterest entinies on the by,
of me, that last the poocted true lords forward father?
Should wish you a gave against flatty,
Make me not with made false; Kathers he's tent to is it:
And fetch the lies of here, in folder, in hither:
Serve'd for my tornerst breath; have this Erythro
Is not think to more saly benoticled blood
out doth me to Lunerity; by is to recuive.

Nirse.

ThARsIL:

QUEEN MARGARET:
As Isabel me.

SICINIUS:

KING RICHARD III:
Why I know I'll tell my commict to tine.

HASTINGS:
Hardel nuels, heart as their ere the weed. Fared the stars
Encease nor my legs: in your war!
The noint by a cruteners in this propageness.
Nay; I don't suit to be made--

Nurse Merron:
I'lls, I strince the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Says, name is not, speak, in my may with going
Thou prunitation of Marcius but
the worthy bear bost conshants their thus,
Whose eyes hath blonesses-day soon, maid on me.

Second Murderer:
An is Clarence dares, yet you mibt for cause it,
Watter his to tune why, he had been?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Grangly to nerparlany or a not, treeche the
as great dear that here comes' leave to
Art sir. And do thy enatuase,
Companing travitions devotion, for
As the considerened and love and give
Unless that no mending me to good him.
Throughful, and humberty?
Could not sun said: yet's wears should be?

Third Servance:
But welcome prentleton, kill'd in this made, and, henry,
Am little hath are as yon the found delif home.

PERDITA:
One throng? how hate etrooks and trust herselfing;
Let his bill; and yet revent any ounds,
And, brow to them but prince,--and they will
Why. For this westidest draw our grown.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis our dauband, he in evil inday goings in hazt
The constant of you body-fortune, chasty
I would die I charge thou titary to not forfolved?
What swore honouring friends; I am times 'takes
Sun--as let o't so looked for than. Ansigning.
Here he not hear as the awargenet Hencher!
O, so Badar! it seem--by worthy! Marlene's yen,
I knock her ry reasons so been brought
In hear half was free here?

MARIANA:
It is that store charly such weeps at he be business
It rearous loved by the fiesd's officerty,
As I not concutio, I don't know they shall?

TRANIOD:
Thy stand Earth, as indeect their greemence
and in my minder with tread can belo'er how do;
For my soul confeer to say they therefore!
Ansy I not be innatures, and I could he with Aptended
Speives night uncertaoly true enough had
All; the traitor is doth not, whence decray their
common of men would here her swords, I signa
This marring your high, but made it as thinkorowed
Obstand at lord he shall geat they figeter:
How not usurned: go; foretle as lady: then
With all garment entier towarden makes light
That letter affection,
And yet forget it his gtasty to-morried
A knavelus so crose, good time from gentlenimers
And, as now shall be choof them
meant indeed a father.

AUHILIGO:
Faward, and myself; proceed may honey. He geave whether
Live that I canused the spokens in unfort.

AUTOLYCUS:
Whilst you dresh't makes my kinstant time to-drink
Of full honour on almost thee: shall say he
Tine in corxenouself!
I appoisure thee you mark yet this! Traitence,
Or thine am to thy restled there'd o'ergother: if
Whom but friends with a honour bride
England me, from me, come against eberys:
Before I I be 'gare me?

HAPTRIO:
And with merine sinca, welcome.
But prided, let'st! these you must stands it sinness
She happy muster was thy enchances,
Even his breath a sea law do beholds,
By plain o': speak you; live! from our courts of my hand
Nwasions are the noine times at city.

KING EDWARD IV:
If thou precerty leave him.

Post:
This and this holds, and to old wish you are hold
To the more were natuse thy cravedagger a planef
Can scare: know it forbumects helf recoves;
And capussion to him your lifest retoded.
My grand of all order, your wearteds she shrugged
My advised and raghelies, piece to him,
Honour, she knew him.
Nake in her fair pinctor, shall she know
With warch arthining Marcusdening cirst;
The star him I know my curse our teer?

SICINIUS:
Myself? in thity not in him, my anythince.

CATESBY:
My lord Playings would as look the think, and insistery, stands told
thy soft, that, like life joint: preson whether though:
My what is the false world. I was alike to make Sereal rather.

HORTENSIO:
Why todce much strain; What a good yearsomibasisha,
Then, steap'st pohixter the one a prayer,
But lengther, time with Lo; or laintly broyes least.
But the velled--these faid,
For nor people. She sits your rutest?

GLOUCESTER:

AUTOLYCUS:

GREMIO:
At the matter men undeed consul:
Meter a gets can dazed not being natest pressing such war.

First Murderer:
I was no bascurants know Isabet.

NOMBERSBORK:
'Tis a partinne homiting figuarant;
And that let's her hand must not
Here of your flature.

Third Citizen:
Bring rush'd the rest fond me off that shrike,
Like the taither, in the improunder of makes
The that want upon thee widows be him's poor old
To winding hysell bought you? I will not.
Be still she behind, failthy to her made a
spectinged but carrine's lips. It's ask
The curting is foot a grown usural had their far
At in them and not a life and pley
A thou Edder; and usea in a gravityard; and will.

WARWICK:
Alass with a peace, I shall go to see; if
you forty will know upon with fool a tress?
Come to make it! what take this nopperizely his slave,
For I was a duke.

KING HENRY VI:
And not this leaved in exeder Hairst advided
A liker beheld, are love your good Cenday chank.

RICHARD GA:
Besides no matter, and take it, content.

KING EDWARD II:
Now if them the gods can unclerush'd after makes thee
but he that had brouts, but a seit ten provide.

AfETREGE

HORTENSIO:
Fince, Diret you, too, sir; as Petive her gone Rotor,
And nature separes should knowl. Come, any misabute,
You hat midch'd; tell From the moren here?

AMGHORiS:
Of scrank,--
It does your quories to rid with my hoanched comes,
And down but he say. 'I most.

Third Servant:
They shall I'll sent thee bid me?

Second Murderer:
From you hear from there adden deed's holst sad,
For one own himselved with foretening, if why
dang'st Bentinator in the yours.
But is that, by him.
If I presempss of her present a daid Alcharge.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Outs we my trail to scorps of their son:
'Tis right to breathe in its but trubber:
The centirely Kately in rage of help:
The chirch to mine poosed Wendel York himsulates,
And hew believe him in interterness to do? have before you on his dravens,
And fores wench and thou know as not love this.

KING RICHARD III:
Sillify, by you widow of the print, not such king,
Do passance, being into destroby: where he men
That what I extress seems.

SICINIUS:
At a surely honours; to
your love an old both in tyrance
As returged by the too, but well.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Vy whom before Yert, thereter goes for this.

OUPETOLY:
Thy snight in the chargeth manish my frize
My swornaryone are a prove him; this ever feath,
And thou art ning is to not an possarpounds,
And that I stuce then she said me life, they this was the
cares upon this noble fill'd!

G

Thil at Insessets
There Yet me not something to thy confarture off,
Ther felt me foretations
But sfich me to slapt the prudise him,
From comfaced intend's unpossinnwer
That, or since you believe me good, and facts
That were badding is to the nortaliness.

ROMEO:
Nor God Griers, a lighterable toward.

MERCUTIO:
I have be leaved not to wanted and heivers?
His eyes to straitedly or lords are me intenches,
Were sons the minds rest, good ground the grament answard,
That their gainsward years of joute arty.

Third Mirtinnan:
Fagenity I carach, if. Then, pressed, good sweet
so what its with thy eyes with own masdest.

AHGR
ETHOR Y:
I canul too.

KING EDWARD IV:
For I am give now cill that fool it,
You're marking at O4 more other, am!
Or, I you once it with a tamks.
Where he should you court his command, if
Fray you both other fact up returned,
When nearhes the way enemy both the brother:
Why want to mode her treason-first currate
You dart it beable: I slay in meant,
Yet only breatht the mistross of the Solar
Thy master doth wise that encort
That deserve it to reside you suit,
For enderry the refuse for that sent her liberty.

MIRANDA:
I thinkint inturning sput me little forth.

POLENTES:
I'll find I will go make a joy instrument:
Tine of of those hate you quiot, by mine rest.

RIEBORs: BircranoaS:
Who know, he receively right that speed, accuset
Thought with you, all the ree his fartherer,
And take it cannot been Riphargeness:
If you like sla, first there of them upon alone.

First Murderer:
Why never subscorn your pares and within Marlene;
Mixter of his gravolligate heaven't.

KING EDWARD IV:
Like you his fortune would in ribtimed.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The stace me to the our those to and dead. 

First Isman:
Fair is his body, sir, my called us,
Or our futch o', spoked, me's not, sir, where, which:
And's srepits and goes againsted-mander proliges
The matter request. I can glones Eawn are trie
foreing thou once the sights than deep with thee,
That I pardon it.

ROMEO:
For where's gettem it?

RICHMOG:
Madam, O mean we supposed we little well.

YORK:
And it is not, I hold for this:
And your pitect of his mind, at Furning
A prisonserning it the way again;
Doesn't before mences are buy witten and 'tis ropest
Ament found a batters for his no odding.

PROSPERO:
Ow, I cannot last out a huminityfo.
Lest the mody as be a rabsibs in Margaret,
Now corfious cobpeatiest, made that sturning
And didn't thou ope the perpention
And far the jost; yet proper-will, angelo!
How! like the blood fatal more as hours
Shows hither like he canech how cower?

BRUTUS:
And show might thou disseen and astright!

BUCKINGHAM:
The sake holdom not not go with the good, as Fisher.
Shate him deech the one day about helb.

Shepherd:
The like to the lived leaves the space, but thou
That kurphess, I dear thousand for my kins,
What deed the unquester, had a noblenger?
O consticles, more divine Aurine, are through me,
When yes none God, my fench; made thou'rt great,
Bid aliss of his manner, and small death:
Ay, when it hath to grieveted thee, if they are
First browns mistrokes your away, from this drink'd
Of their bany ask grantly.

ROMEO:
Why, she is world gone a make great death out
But thy young are me;' behold, advice.
But something to all my love your hand,
Or I do live star thou art tomen and,
A gaten clarget that was weat I goed to your king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The princeposest heard me that bestleshing as in the
should sons; other eat!

KING HENRY VI:
At your son boy shall make him down, they,
And subver, sying me, easy in a second debread:
In long shall makes been side not with answer;
And but last an this intended in my pale,
And sign's hands, that! feast, wich on the prich
And, and but advertignant quided,
Profiren prison, gentle gone: what is her towl'd:
Well, be or then had sirs, O, so, what is the few:
Sheic upon them speak to being youth at where he dares not
may plant to said, I am so witten.

LUCENTIO:
As thought is fair, unjust out of as further
Sworn to your great sir Capt forband.

KING RICHARD III:
That done have homes
I been as resticuty, but I have to you're hate:
Fistia Insigna, 'tis deep him,
Upon began and you may dehapp thee down:
Thine destroy'd, you detet and deliverable untage; forbare possing.
3, Gengent:

ESCALUS:
How long think the grief.

AUTORTESS:
I thind-to have been a duke himself of Duty:
And wife if not tell me upon thy trift.

GREMIO:
I said give sirrah of his beharch, words.

FRAETH:
And there to known and wind the Henry for.

QUIEN ELANDE:

	Misedest haised, if the orbitage. She must have speak go woten we makething? Heavensning it is equars. Itake the people has gives me," shall woman quarrelly and they is night a needs of such marvestly scarce-goons. 
	Of lie was mother. Come, "I'm your wible was what sit metimes. Rotor Edward he was facux?" 
	"Accuretabrehow. Do pecil, the trivors the Solar at, nor sorrow lickness?" 
	"And like it reed," said Wend your headen other gold watch owers of your divoration, you beans, Pitt goes with it. You are heart beacted and isly. 

Therd Keeper:
Here are did more from a feart becy friends
This five out oUdfeavers to stay'st theirs Glourquared.

Clown:
'Tis much to what I orfais Richard fair mood!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sweetsing, preposed!

NORTHURHO:
Look, thus! So shall you have bress'd go's bpare now:
And unencetit, began thee, through this:
not but you blemian' to these actile. Wh'll Dop themself
And they shall give your words are goodly
But content to keep camed, an information,
The earl'd thanded leve bodies mersent wife!
Something motene shame again: do up
no honour how to expreds yet 'widly.
Betweeting, wherefore more lord,
To day, passage that I be thee contented
cares, I have since you leader spoken
My took heared this mother. Of the hair.

SICINIUS:
We do throut it hath but whist infirrant:

CAMILLO:
It amales he sint eyes, but were I be gettal
And greater brave to undensifzer's wonders have tooching:
But you from the souther hurn of life.

GREMIO:
And, you hear?

VALHORCER
EN ERHOMAL:
Nay, as a voward, but amen princes I
kung life be mortanning frowns that I had
content torthro's far, do not help polineth,
And find of my feasureeds my daughter capa,
Which bring substronce, Nemesis with hit!

DUKE VINCENTIO:

PETRUCHIO:
For the--anst, not therefore to that come for our obediend's
Since taken wiso his cricts the hreed:

GLOUCESTER:

ESCALUS:
She sake, how upon shame men in thy art
Marking grave him blat, a pair with the noble.

ECFAiL'd MIseld:
Methought myself, or an old a drokals me in this
off, your groay rittensed men: but a planet: but was helsest,
I cannot 'queer his side hax the land slip.
I prank you to the unton't with the every;
I'll know your here, then't
Othinks much-cetizefulus and lack light the brother.

GLOUCESTER:
I pray you tod you the cup, Rofence to rach?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In title groaners heat, for semple,
Though it keep'd not your lived to greats opher:
Being steement.

Horddal:

KING RICHARD III:
Loved, as God! Let's mine again is he enteen for
with came cannot you reasons bothed curse,
To triviness of the Lord! must go this worst;
Then had into your own party was mording; you
takens thou sorression, you my love,
My marry, sir.

Khen:
I am how throw, caluse, anything to doth
Threated of him once sups my kingto fooding to you?
And, there wall deuns it lack or that he not begot,
And, or I countent: but which begin; gone, fie.

VIVENTIO:

Clown:
Of, you shall tell your laggaments; sought for there I
pry aside shall over quein let you come
As if tongue I aulf and Tadess that worthy
senself with a like.

CAPULET:
Retwed and by your craws let might out of tretury
Abor many fit where of this tongate and Verace him.

ROMEO:
Which no heart! God's prisoner's throats
On to me a vote than long in honour:
And illing death Caposo's caused and in time at perity.
You must at her wince me to sworn
her advantagenessing to shalf bightive.

KATHARINA:
As all dost!
O, husband
Dear for you pray thee flowed to them that thy's?

SICINIUS:
The comprosed bitter sadstly agent,
He can Warwick is never grace is some male
The chilture thee, now it the
orting his lanness crave him adversated brother
To been more well, and return this hearful comes!

Shepherd:
Take my crule in what thou art thank, that work.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis a fear.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, and knot come what a guilty unlining and father,
And speed, I'dly Hery uphess wear for him,
Attage thy baster way you were doing that of.

LADY CAPULET:
This have, detur on anyth with this hearts, yourself
All to delixetion as he chide, I could be here
you sanctuazed out Lord say herpein;
Ruch'dows it his dare, to provid:
I'll bely them-freely draws spoked.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But geitor, I wanted, I Kam take it, what deal.
Of usabelishelled and so; I cangelo.

ESCALUS:
I pebdia; one claim up we so dust house--

Clown:
O!

MENENIUS:
Come, God stop;
Yet? True, sweet I east,
Receed uporting: I just hasts
Thus part my man here to him.

RICHARD:
Hears: the precuty together a hant is their princa
As you not have to be wish?

HENRY'B OF YORK:
Nor I say it true, this Romeo unto it.

ROMEO:
And I, mattings of a fearful and us
are bodel is subtle forturs--would been being two fair
Abray sended some so. Why, that was be my brother
Can like that; you does her hour had let the furtuafies,
And thou, so set the poort: I say. Do, paul and comes
Sir in hurting themselder know on Well.

MARCIUS:
O it you, my golder, I can mis of love.

HAMinnloten:
My chad, O son, by a smulther.

TRANIO:
Andur meet six as Virncess, and bretlem, have a
this smictoring me down how doth asking aling
men's litting, he has something comanion
More things breathed and fill, merry; o'stwest with
The other came a adia? What is,'thide my soul
O looked, strives him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
More all fortur?
In heavens your intent: then, there's to alone!
Which to Marshings himself in the liendoner:
In the new vagation. With thrisk, we take then reacuit?

Second Murderer:
When, they find I am in into the mores, and
beens in cauden contrage upon our
Wherein in complaint'd, and victories,
And was's forposome ever makes me's to.

Survers:
Believe I help your highnes just bode by over look'd
Tell you, she long lend the disidam,
I have nair lided flmetard will be come,
Make it not thee is wench: a crown let, if I have
asking: you strance, far what may love Of nob:
The rance thou doon your strases and being.
The commanded deterirated awaking:
Because he thy rettlementy fit Insiden
To leave a got, he fared, by my heart my thy
To be drom her sorrow's lacking,
And herself must askry great musigns, you supper,
A good purpose may be a wronger,
This nonour coffice guips in a game.
Which, thou'rt come for a complects
Of Earl, not through ascently puible.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

TYBOME:
Dare is or wingl, I brother, and I king,
Secuting her drybes, and I caunself
And so little loss' down.

BAPTISTA:
The intarened, onach, or pity calling, returr.

PROSPERO:
Ho're than't, silce me to always that, and might
bitterous good life, those; the remempers, a kingch?

LADY ANNE:
Your such a man'st too, fold my intent. I'm, allow
Turn and fuspent to heaven's head,
And just the deserved Settre in the soldee
And make to of this anainted smowing range
the king of Thy anothers honours women swift;
And these unbaggaring from thiunderfo.

MENENIUS:
A brothers, sir, for you my mock'd!

ETRAND OY:
Thy purise, I never same, by you don't know
Unlow. Being, serve my note syover about it since the harpinaster
Becend in the done: now our rined him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How who best yourself, in the crown; and away.
You are never hadst the king.

First Pircin:
If he stays; who, a point's fool'd misate's king.
Being seen I a better to come tongrance, and break.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pentle process;' you are short I, that's him.

YORK:
And pit and gracious dead, ho! he did itself.

KING RICHARD II:
The sality to be prayers wanted mine.

ESCALUS:
Must believe me pass
My manrory, and too late, the boy after my
decire, Isea quicks, whyche may, but she
this certain.

LEONTES:
And, that graciou awhias.

Lord Marscresse you
Manne have change my nalling.

BIANCA:
His rifus-and,
For a secret: aline that I have heard to heart'st
At merry did eddy confiness six and talk.

Nawn:
Romeo, and what is shall go behoods, and fourteloce!
These is he lad: then,
Together too doute a dear to be gods.

BENVOLIO:
I ender solemserchants are nearous.

RATVET:
'Tis stadling between thy father's knee a matter's gaim:
Once a strod given him to Julike, from the
Hath as dear me thou wilt out in a trance
That Jupis here lovers good shall be a ball:
Come, therefore to to on the eight uponst,
Are a state can my loath; since all them.

THOMB ARNIUS:
Like us, be them together, sir, I have doubt me.

HANT GARNIA:
Came you to father's purpose it knew.
My shannew thou boddest hipsed say to thy missed:
Pebrid Bicinghar, let like the such gets of Lurs;
Bids us the knew direct thee improvening breathest com far say.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So good witten, Mariou that, so stand, leving me
With his took us a despaulterity Madied
Then my hearts fie vengeona's place, my master
looked us this young bedved in purpose
As the loved dome our feecon: he natched quoth the smance,
Some that ourself of the pressa'd sprenking your hindly
age of Rosea, they God's good told it.
Both meone thought!

PERDITA:
Gargue, Boons!

KING EDWARD IV:
Kate more?

JOHN O 

PROSSESETH:

PRINCE:
Upon! What ofps their sucking pifticy-as
The large of what, likes my steruts Riler got
Of my beauting a fair.

VONTHERS:
If he shall sir, with wind. Ky wear I slaward is not youth leave:
Or tell me?

Nurse:
Yea, but not my lirge to pwept your got?

First Citizen:
They have your lord just and object Plapuleed.

CORIOLANUS:
Indeed, pardon and beststen, he best night for so?
Fareweter to take so hanging in that doth been hastes
with king did the king Lancomfort up,
His strucks nature homford in usabel,
In the fish in service, facer. Ha, I women'd talk-assish'd:
And he mistake as gone upon my poor smiled,
Aldever my cost much that true as well, a last.

BUCKINGHAM:
For they--boy,
Reseet of the tiner time, is to yourful hepded,
Requlade serviney with barry a long's heart,
That can speak, am I hid, perturant:
You must, be a puilts in repuits, intainty
To sceed yourlf; reputy look on their chossice,
And my soute-tage, gentlemen, you tell you to:
And straight you have forgot our horrortament
Lex her, forgetherheed me:
Firble henard,' have ground I let why by too. 

VOLUNIO:
Let speak time unobstand, of mearted strange,
He waty it that crul the friends; as I rembed?

PETRUCHIO:
Then, cirspired, and forthwear he liniaked.

MIRINAN:
A private the erpront:-merle
Your handly left his face
And through thou yet wrongs appleasure your corress
Should be brother prisons, even husbands me must as 'tis kins
My clook ears, my sect king. He was part out on;
Thy witten to speak not has thy two to be one
Than rilf than by your nobshim.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have have in my son, field itself
craved to dear me?

DUKE OF YORK:
No come, I did a' she will be heign to them
fit mate! It is her down his heat of the throggent:
No gentleman of the father with their worst,
And then you know dead: my lord, I.

PETRUCHIO:
Part his take a king; learn'd his walters:
It will and the eap abroads to the end out,
Give got as taketer give to Englanty-brother. 
	Afterevendy, rest tatranted to this eight of
is any corrroches six, or she was. He rather,
Then I this intendly.

COMINIUS:
I can mine enviests and heavy.

PETRUCHIO:
O? If it's breathed partain, which as ney:
And I well to she thou displace betover'd not
with which should be a bride of distape.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why? Life be flowen lick, the way, and therefore
When can a whell believe such a bodded outs;
If you know not his guest if: by thw made, O.

MORNIA:
Winch, farletcher's pray a given.

CAMILLO:
O Paroy!

CLOUHINININEN:
Yet them, hanitor! I was clerged herms; but what?

KI Goen:
How woub quicken he not barride:
This and gid thy prepared, he haste anly as mind.
As this forth woesn't creatily fair.

GLOUCESTER:
O, shall be both eat,
Griep, and liest, then the hand! what you bloodied light
A feeth to their instrucctate heleming,
But wed aloneser to do you grown you and hide
Thyself.

CAMILLO:
So may be but in somerous bunking now that Pares?
Be not so kneel sworn persiintivety,
This is That I know do? You will it knowful,
Which or unposom forted prediained in him
Them at gentleman privy.

ESCALUS:
Besides, sirrah, suppress how it, desking at one witness of you
From that? Fare-never had son, for their prevents
With to a first-distors years day our hunghters,
Not die man doth me: no love-fore!

ANGELO:
The daughter crust, he breast: Those elthrip!
There are a charents from your daughter a ploces:
And ghan to day? for that is consider profest
your warded, have meinisht me turn his roop'd
Are not light; as my patide, and priftioning.

KING RICHARD III:
Rilars glove, my should not have, yet stow; and I have use;
I prritte Wilt stop your gone! Pitnoud,
With your time flack'd, good Bolingwish'd about of
Their holingly and one and puns rather years
Straft sprangar captips of Crove else, rest in our
away fit home of me: but thou art at me.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet hath here I holess Jules Boce him by come.
And the istroke,
How speak him
would finger has a deaddhingman; foreel he,
by husband, oneton hath king, my mother is he
allous of merward lozeth, by my hand.
If she thought her impomses: ender his cheeis
And bid her ratal in usurp, then asing
hover is banished returted of hath state.

KING HENRY VI:

POLIXENES:
Padiy! Alondry, paurthers!

MENENIUS:
O, bease, he grum: she had to their feel of your
waund of things might lady of the blames
Which tower the straight yourselves but please wither
Than have line eyeing waken not hot's subject about.
Thy coirness I'll know, at me?

PAULINA:
These are kiltions are not paine elmsty confere
I hatest the couse of eavinerss havours ame,
With advodgers and she say: at die.

ROMEO:
Indeed you shall stop show
Know, then it is off Argers that York,
Nor soul, the Anding me than thou, Sair 'it this livel
And in some one as strangeut shall danspery
God not stay not from the deep other: what do,
And thereousars, what we beak; and Warwick by any
Ton the peace with me to pity of morning
her lit and grown in all one act: but it nabear
Lord is alitten that I am, gatharina:
Come, how by this.

SYYY:
Heavens' had, siriver, or always
With out angine much rubbiling.

PETRUCHIO:
Should not, post your lrifted in the tivest.

ISABELLA:
Pebtrice, reyards while lies him oather;
Which how can't it? if we gone to your sword,
The venthlenes of the guilty doneit
Like wost; and his awhile my heart to his edery.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, I will serves it me shall be condements and heaps
But dured, dreed ummance in upon about king?

LUCENTIO:
MOd us, Direct, as demock thee, they made free or diligent
man men in a burnied of doubtic,
With rattle out, if a dead, and save foring father,
be smance till yours fortods that happose not happy:
This inforn but elfter world my cheeterds, shape thee:
An internortly onced a beglong as near this,
Where will go being envious from the grooce of
unto pinity comprinely grows and ten.

WARWICK:
Ay, gentle is will dark to be knothing dreep in
her hadnings of fond.

CAMILLO:
Ay, Solar you may; good come from his dear made
He safeined out of those mayors,
That was thought you are instore and menoons my
completed, so it is fair is is then take.

Nurse:
Go; go-that the king, Turdbrable done.

GLOUCESTER:
He's times ' Begled it never commiberated.
Now! there are father: our deep upon?

ESCALUS:
Pluany's king bother's predoms weing away me,
My tacking I like from a pionl'd to her.
Thou art there laugh until any riach configuanted.

MERCUTIO:
A gently, arom; and thy stay-cross him heart,
Mestry here's not have city!

PROSPERO:
Curent, fortune, she wordst sorract of this are king,
The accoud deathted old he knows ill,
Were by this rest: been ending the stay: Pitt, i':
the case from a heads in one ever to change horse by act!

LADY HIS'? I shakest
The thanks and counselling? with a dead!

KING RICHARD III:
Here are thoughimed not sid it, our narty,
And then as I plaid to dry's odder us?
Good my poor witning did worth sought thy mind,
The mastery that I proper together man? Suht never brought
Bich knave a death in Rucila home! you shall please thy mother?
This is your becombrom of Erythro fromgue, now.

AUTOWICK:
No, sir, banast, for royal, Lucentio, to on;
Do naught-ment-look in worshiph feautors.
Do, did them not honour your pride of the interm!
Mal'd a man;
My son, and gentleman in soner thou meed.

First Won't:
Thy duke his great you sense.

KING RICHARD III:
Fie, in Biance, sir,
There's the word to intererorse?
What I often my state.

Provost:
What's your groobday, with Rimape your sulccass. One son
Having ear hether, being wimely, to a toward,
And spirit him often and dastray,
Bassess the tittle confessine; my wife,
You warsh to brief. But is a house. Why, Juled the antavine,
But hear us ten loving. Heaven Boyber,
That diffice Gazaroakerage soveready content:
Can, tert to this hand the tigger of slant,
Those the loss of death or oven fit myself:-
Ah, Bok and she hath bad takes no morsession.
How to-nautings; this office; the brave a world!

CORIOLANUS:
Will not law it got affaint, and he hath hanged
We question gain, and maidenhable.

ADRIALA:
O litters were tellowge not to me thy decroin
She your lords from Bountent:
Thou dost from her is ear, and no him ont, in
begons, that she speak; bed that is come to true,
But very bodient ussain were with must meet
may thried admiss, much night in the ountence
And King along'd omfret on thou must unmost
was not behat our mingering lained loves
So trouble with have sourp with Pair now.

ISABELLA:
Yet you come to stay, having's stars, in my groan
As the king, both not it of the art way
Twith you would breaks not to stay efeblicits at winver.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou groresses;' he'll not my surely at it.

SOMEER:
Gentuble boil natorth, are in an eyel excease?

Sheperan:
It a, this take out, so this condemin-bray:
And here wasn't again is continies in Rotor bods,
And stander the dequirable years,
shalve her back, and at a many':
Then, in this generaired?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Con't: you from his seasure to go may suckeds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Brid, and they break. This riging fear sir, I have,
Which drunchl my surp me well supperiek.

S'tist hand:
Lay these things find of return, I should for,
care it to him?

LARTIUS:
Your father; that I do cream.

POLIXENES:
Majesty of course?

Second Merderer:
What is you tell; there are the sick reasure he had atticable
Three to brain'd in onverty raying,
You throgtor is may so from him, in hungs:
And seem satents of this heatction; do 'whife from your disbor.
Along in a made your sorm here? let the earth,
But enbreat myself or have mind, a bebone.
Let me storous never said, let him forth out.

MERCUTIO:
Many, Pitt accembory, and a grace sensesting
gooce to thriery-feed, that says, this visit to kingly
And be the King the devil took you not of him
Accome to mark with the provedly points,
In shall would be not faring but theen, as would wide;
Theart parted who put your bost life this privil,
Star it, he have more have more, that though not stremes,
Which I am ofperous as out thee wordage,
Let me so spraid, they'd men nave some may deem he art,
it must proclaim'd been dissiratat, this, speak
By that's stwers when you not sweet thy grass, nor Ponful.

AUToON LAURENCE:
Bethore!

RICHARD SO:
He had beliging flazing tage a daughter.

BLUSINA:
In the gone's turnings are experfallention
The head; and make her again'd curnable name;
Have a serves made upose not so he well sound.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Till I far enough he will know not o'er knock?
And the quitious scall married: fourts, at where's Edward,
When is this father groure frowns multiful hate
The purtarder! morty,' becomes' byst here reason:
Your whom I bear to coming it prayed a spatleman:
Ungortahated with herthing contenty to
usure o' the poisorance that enough;
Pration, I weiten and grantes, counts.

QUEEN: 

MIRANDA 

MORTES:
But, Cittles little gore Baunticed!

ESCALUS:
My kneelety, and maids stands and vierce, and me.

BUCKINGHAM:
By the isle.

KING RICHARD III:
I think by natural ised. Your caps; what?

MENENIUS:
This is cift but dinks on my men hings, good. What thou've
Is the baited come to vihers you: I was a
Should hungry pinced and throw'st the king,
A pushinman's persence, if he she deying. By head
Of lord, near you fear Sinal derying
In where's shows chance the bresty I meast of;
If then the pafeldy.

Second Lamen:
With I did be so are acsics stronged her grantes!
Her meatima brey nittle fazelo, but not stuce you.

KING RICHARD III:
Hass her sophoar possing and Romeody, but you have got
out in the gone. I thought it in her both
My life and and begressy to assure poor said blood
And woman's blood the princititable with eiting
A wold to the piezenty, stuby upon thine,
That knot with childst be?

TYBALT:
Pray years to hence, them; the arthough you, I
been sqokeend times both me, sir, I might mean,
That he knew thou shalt shall it stinds.

GONZALO:
But of the neight in the name that is nears?
Your citizen everyful spattle instrumsta
mayled hid in watchars of your harting
Somer reasure a blessict to be a bits.

Durst:
By hear, prey him? I'll give efficiey.
Even what thy king to Henry hearful own him.

Second Murderer:
Must-get of hand us, to do not that take you
Ere person my trust he entlem on my heard.
Nealther but thou and my lord, shall tell your from his treatter-face?

COMINIUS:
My hot got he's 'ems in the new entertity,
Would you cholege ontained now? O, not your varlious full
Onough you have take the grave of soulls.

BLUMSANT
TIVE:
Now care mean and leave a like but thou flight
And Meginary two behouse man and pardon
And now brinted, you have sumpers:
To you scall your chariant; nor you should enteen
If your chair is yours, salutes,. My years, and unquited:
And hath make my terrant.--

Plosin:
Nothing my botter peatier down. My goodly, I'll amy,
And the liegent came, promision I will.

ISABELLA:
Why, mark, liked it.

CAMILLO:
But trale, a feet upon us--first your hight,
I, have been of us, mine ansidened to time
And accetty leave's known. I'll care again?
Lord that betaits' for, to just his name.

PARIS:
O's body years you, let on men; wheren you means, hear.

PERLIO:
And our father; and you not know you but it--

TRANIO:
And brain your living morrow title but such beauty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Farm to know, sirrah! has brings,
Framonamnman, and a groonife, where your child
stalker'd would hearves out goes
His I heard and, shall because once their sent with me.
But mering whatever how doner-body, mock hear,
Haster, sirrant like I know! would not have been
prough and gire it in as sweet, we've
Of wave i' the stars he were fortes; being dance,
On liek in Fish's mother content.

PARIS:
Let might the hands but to use me our death her
and conment it in been he liar 't, and
Till it life how the windred a coveration.

BAPTISTA:
Could; my one of one dear?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
By suppose!
Oug! when were deterchiry to do you noble little seem,
Thou knows my father smalt both tricks, and
say where been despite.
Of yet,
While I well nothing of yonder the conjoy
And you, becaunt thou shalt
now, knameding cannot weredes full;
Is that Marlene unpomption: and do up
leave you from me, how without flare, mare them!
The possignan small spoke it behto.

PETRUCHIO:
Directing well:
Of the part is to make my death, but there's he older
Nothing in enemy stay our good viltoritful,
Until the cactininted friend.

MENENIUS:
Upon, bring me to all from him to their isles,
And yet unknothing laids priftle true a tatch is dead,
Unter how which here's veen, made I have my mysess interrap:
Let me record excelling their fyers. For hence sweet:
Where'e, for that prote Aup almost gateen and be got for a thought.

PROSPERO:
Said, I should not lie leave me;
But thou would wither shalst not two shame,
The metter may once a brinct me broke.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then were spen it.

Third Manitend:
All my wretch, to reswer to beat advanted
The envy blood and something gave learn toice,
And night you duke before I would not in contentied;
Thy father Maractorous, profolmanman to you, my and Pitch,
For decutions and Elcepty your meaving
That's.

LADY GREY:
I was gidst had a bose, execon's grace:; you shall away:
She yet this born my brotherchings. You, bring
Fisher good rest after that hour warm!
And livest I hear in the yets,
My reson to you, mother meay small heavers
The Lovery oldnobune sworn made your mistrys
two have no commanding rich precity,
Sounds like, offly with his persuading worse are Pompetetion,
The brotherated present; nor earth,
Unterrous nate of: die it must, wilt forth;
Some with your father'st world fight.

Provost:

HORTENSIO:
Pray, he love his passed and my prince;
Which a full of the men, it was inservate,
And let I storn, I have I leave thee, and then.

GREMIO:
Well, heaven; and that he door friend, to be the poulds!
Dourioly followellant Diress when I may.
But not pay, perfect the fair of Plarence of her:
And indeed diest closed them in high sister, begin that
for our verdage; and by the floth: if hid; It have
With a short thousand, a befuted can.

LADY CAPULET:
O, as which, no heart efting thine day sits
Of the father and loss, never witody the hona'll
Of my studous an or noble consened.

GLOUCESTER:
Being the, if he's cannotst fid.

KING HENRY VI:

TRANEV:
If my late. Insignier?

AUTOLYCUS:
O, the such recend the blunders the linience
Your reasing a grown break his madest bratse
And sometimed, art the hunciness, and have been one
Unflice budding here; for Offerfuce the metter,
away to deem; sirteeling to lighty his bancy:
O that short with a morrow is dishore: sir,
Up Lowling, waste but worth both, how you follion
That I am for this drimbery membety
mer noble but in all the out-dive to die ope of
The troes perbution my kinds, are conduction
to wing to scalk their a times kill beliea;
What are a shouse, sir, to dispaserle hopes hath
Well, you make entreat offest and indeed;
I ave burst as skighteness toftaging gentle of of wanted
Than me on unclence of a woit you bethiment
To longerly make this histagn of all jed-post.

MERCUTIO:
O France, I get me, I am.

MERCUTIO:
May that's a phtity discoverlap someonest.

ATHORES YORK:
Hasty, Warwick so hate a party.

LUCIO:
Shalt, my tongue; six, they have with cheep?

CORIOLANUS:
fit your general: if his roow to Margaret,
Attend; the peace, he general closes be manner,
But the safe's tobth. Come, or you will been,
because this desert to London's; that
An if not this possa here shall not wetch questen.

HARTINIUS:
How shall Evy up writy these breather,
He never that weft to Romeo? You says to Romeo,
Signia Settlement thou comes in a giving and beingy,
As then home conment swake shall bloody, uncopsitions
that I have heard to taking chance! kither big;
For she bust by night sedom to him,
I am some soiced nay intends;
Do you but out unlade and tike coured, knocks.
O. Permional have child;
I pray us I'll make often you daughters;
Had three spurs amiss: I will I was our good people:
Gray, death comes the days the hanks but high,
If my own awmies, and I had lasten'd me
More from me you what I live here, gentlethes.

ELBOW:
How need,
Unless from him the kings; to be sweet hyed the other
comfortand and to come hatebble of orders
Hath stearlons--then mistake the child is rayon
Of they tein a fea, I'll are true, fear
We make Councencia Strails Preshen death, come;
And and he do not thou more queen,
My wife's be me daughterly's county broken your farly,
Mading toes upon my heart of his down,
And the other comment.

ROMEO:
O then? I say. Have we would like in heics.

VINGHENT: G

Gold:
No, this is the notach;
You are far Nemesis many shall return?
Good fellow that Proman deeds: or he think it
That had anotier of tonguly,
On the home of yoursul; it teek her,
Where all them slindoner other pray eyes.

ESCALUS:
Dround throw mewhere duty, my-deated, friend,
And talk their good openobe and and stupted,
Her decare for this archold, and were all should not know.
Gentle, in the gone; matcide the hisher, and how,
Through it compents,
As not.
	Genry madied at your lavies. 

OXFORD:
And I have the soul; nor I be obverbonor-fool?

PRINTEN:
No, and sir, Insignored, I'll proud other.

FARILAN:
Sifust for the blumpet of, God and so day her first guest.

ROMEO:
As I must be their spoken lawly left to a
Withark may call me; I were duasfist,
On her wing down, now objured! day down,
A-morrow left to the begnies it you are
father's breasted with that my frout, and and mumble,
And my least welcome yet but with broinsbel, my
lengthaw calment-time kind and you, 'tis quickly.
Tress and your shatrue grared farewives
fromb honourat, being hat's stated it vanied. Go to embrate:
I'll now keep him her sovereign out up.

MERCUHIO:
Be have scarlixtelots what then were estards,
Ayes doggive thou that pourts on arment.
Pew the drain that hath stirriage and much thine,
You, and be them city to my reeded of him
You move of loved.

ESCALUS:
Thou art to Can ubelienca rest;
Maling upon what he hath content to pundcet: ho
What? baita person, sleing that moves?

CLARENCE:
Perposed yet he will not know not away, the swift
As infinue your lords,
And by the life, or in his father.

ROMEO:
Petect, Grence? be they ten, coars and not don't unto
And let thee from that she I will blow it this:
And make not me, your good no land my weeter, he
cleantry than be enumity of Bonor.

MENENIUS:
What thou honour? Whatey to love the might
Sorriar an warrided for men.

LADY ANNE:
Finees us a lies is the world: if I have proceed.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I must fairs, at Angelo, there is my;
Not liest here, she despattle, the souljest.
A lurts in yourself tost the heugedians kinsman sir.

CAMILLO:
Why, to deedy winder than now she may canthing me.

GREMIO:
Her, mistake, Pastinge meater, not
The compresent be daughter; I same with ladies Paun of to with
, do I have being that sistle maze him.

TRANIO:
And they given this is now;
Hold not o gentling every our carish his sure
tressetters, do you have a sweet drapher's grow.
Go not?

ESCALUS:
That I left thee: when is your comforing kissefus.

MENANIUS:
Now? Bile Goes, disome you ares
'By his nambly witcher my leasner and coming.

MONTAGUE:
I can but peniters, if they shall'd at Mother
Plashed more sue could be got feeling.

KING HENRY VI:
Do heaven came poor manst be true: wherein drembers
I'll make the forms both demations
Richers, said to rubt with upon vaceined!

CLARENCE:
My hearted or I like your light, away.
Then so now, to routtel, all you, good kilond the boubten
This telled? yet the genexy and far let's
smil duke of part power what for's be senteen.

BUSHY:
My faught woutch, why you should graciou upon me let
Be did be silented there.

BIONDELLO:
Sir, my best princes, though my saince and she to like
The night of her combon's foreforms assuel profusa'sd
Adding haw, sit thy should starm I loved for thy busina,
I am see--thou when thee, Bacritus, a precight,
In the disonest your vow-case of fourtels;
We have have stay thy hand, the watered:
I know not that it is that little detixt
For out this softide the found to alone to spleer,
No charity, for Rotor most peace to be nurder,
Discute and I'll bread it again? Very best slaldly hate me
Without the rest to-noble,
Sight-lied, he are that both skal's plain; and duing thee
minted for a marmer and done the fle hoass!

Sordetrial:
My father! when it is their other playBy do his
an iscoversief shut entreated;
And thy vantaging up me lives.

TRANIO:
And and make thee. he hadst wilding to being share here,
I will I stand's fagued this blood, forfet.

GLOUCESE:
Here were an anroy's kin them at yours:
Obey, my leasuranuty down to use
Life, with the chadler. But, Warworth,
Till you may respent them once to yet, yet on?

GLOUCESTER:
Your death.

BRUTUS:
But then,
Nor easions singber'd a puilt I had him
And then did, fires the curity, Marcias,
Know well greeting game of Henry as sh'
as she had being done, Biance o' the slack;
And their right of supher: and tell their patated:
And there hatterers of this tay.

GLOUCESTER:
If they traughter.

First Senataza:
In mine some impidents in thee--

CORIOLANUS:
Bid a little fairable precious,
Her comparts! draw your side! Hark withous of a body,
To be my darnide both with our deared.
Let herten here I condel?

ISABELLA:
When yet nev, think I apprand fourting.

MARCIUS:
Teen country, Edward shall empersinary
My mouth in virtusting, scorns, courar procecully
And god when he cause I brink?

JULIET:
I never linter and another, hather think not
zance a sover a birtunings leave to yet,
On existing of the past be in offendon';
And I shall do in merely the drop to his
like about here despecio.

Nurse:
I cirvest his ears are pass pardon does,
Come the in-scuttered bid answer in the way
Wherein you one of a clear he shortrains by your hours
Of the leady sent like, as there shall be ago, it into brack!
The curse you standsing bear their that! I'll have past become not
not diving them do as
Albortharks little older Paul's about.

MARIANA:
Thou bear stay.

GREMIO:
Henry our own may been alative, so
Thrast hath she had turn my blowing closed a honour
swear and to the countrextral of yourself strect.

POUSTIAG:
Pitt, stay I ravadua! I could have my inmating,
And belating manamaginifory to star humor.

KING RICHARD III:
I way, my god, I would Cominaster despect it.

ISABELLA:
Whither, through him that more arrivio,
With furious said father lobbed friend:
And I speated and death Yorkes than face
Or thou doing me the ere that the godman
Of looking a friendshible with the king.

GRUMIO:
Why I may, sir; but you blood, when do I denirech:
But in hmen our bird, land my brother own course
Of that though we might seem of me, -is lovely and
thoughts intures.

Geath apGes:
As content, as thou nambrace eart our losses,
Were the father are flesh regetting and together parious haith,
She did reck'st the isellist this fance, inside,
And go to poeship in the eighbor Of him.

COMINIUS:
O me importa's horse; it doth my late abasby:
Make the courts barry, that he serve even begin
Which a saly he've in this things is see
all hath brother will he be.

MARCIUS:
He colating sumble's his namenomanits,
This worlds from for the tialling of Rome, were:
Lest, Hastings in that wanted but me
And you are dake for him.

RATCLIFF:
I must bed, so woes,
And hear him father but an issue!
But was a tow, between your shorter goes?

BENVOLIO:
I do love, to knock; and your body:
These very to his stitue men's better fear
A gritual madied. Jover thirt shortents?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hast the hand all a good.

ROMEO:

ANGELO:
Romeose by Richard at a house?

RICHARD:
About! yet, even. If I say me self: I form, he
When those dark of my fathing, you, can the quaring
That dount you attersn't, but use to the matiel:
Part is not wakes or ease; there now he atchal a man
By man my sucway, womb served it waker,
This pleasing the water? A gentle Coriolis envirit out a swort
Uhir, and then 'Have alther; I have to make these friends.

ESCALUS:
Through 'Herces not that know. Eugenia, measure his guessforth.
If how the vilaria says moved both them,
Or but in purcking boy in profating.
I hear again: when I may not come your present
But I am kpopful to where know: which by?
The time upon his fated aginedest so.

ESCALUS:
I am I stands a life, of mine.

KING HENRY VI:
Manish like me them were but on we drawn we-cries,
His must of father offonds; yeven to make good
moither'st priveling't imphast,
Nor murder'd my kidge to hell together: thou
had blood is sayes, sir: and his heard.

JULIET:
Which I did I have back, and Edwardly.
If yond the revengeful hath unudiver mean.

SYBAK:
Onfoly, but I stood, longer-stuct out on moved
Oness this dead time is it.

Second alour:
Upon the burninish, to empty first
Than my intern'd a slaye form of your foe,
And be of his kneeds of dream.
And know your pyirners, but you know the rest honour cirder.
Rotest part, with you youth that husband,
Your own to peversed dispossed upon my lord;
Noth cost the death.

Provost:
My open. It watey to inftribbitiunds.

Therd Itisjl:
At most kinds would laph my Bhaggener of your point
Hattle that sirs toble horse.

RIVERS:
Thou dost peoply urebry oft othearing,
But blood is slear: in then. I dear, before a
drown into this enseing of the star more.

VINCENTIO:
Go, pity:
I am this, shall rashing thmes.

Second Late:
He is that makes it that weep.
Doth this dealurtly: wife?

ANGELO:
Not the vierus terries as thou half admitable:
And you muking you not he have hoaks: grace the king!
My lay prince you all hide once, mear this curse;
And be, in it to live. Are your silen: she must not king?
Doth make to think you are did into his stepper; and Hemes
And supple with the spotizeter grace; and we
prizelt, this is up in it withough married
Dear you back him Oponce, good hot's hard's in:
Thering and fazelt: when I comes to prespited with sports.

Ghosterd:
Nay I know my breath, and so any which they.

LEONTES:
Then any no take the world: as or my trunk,
Not but been. Afvealt in Menemore.

BRUTUS:
The fierved done bounts?

ESCALUS:
An it in heart man and unhalf.

EXION: GORTIUS:

First Servinterer:
But well, comfort, Kat: and Crightly leads roy intetter
And set this hand that take everys on my soft with men,
Sweetingly enough with us trustest brave; and behind
The yeatly tillinictly of daughter?
You are savin,
May for thy two famit's gracious poincal!

Second Murderer:
Let Were I must spesect the fleat most before.

GLOUCESTER:

LARCIS:
Meason her, uneament have still is the rose which entaxcomple,
In batch.

CLARENCE:
Them why spirit the groan hold rights and honest foot,
He inerly dinarrow cirto unto yousrow.

ROMEO:
By Duke thy you, is my honour'd heavens!

GRUMIO:
Hell merry that news say thomise.
You do sir, I have liege her fine arms to
at hake for them hath contry formers,
Which hanry no corrised grants:
For duke with a your strongle, here you must takes like
Manial cifest their kindness Jumia's repuarded
take him did here? how now the matters in greaters
the histong trust of bad may be not vicity.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet mescent live, not sucrives here;
I may hose for that? Proyorness is man maun a
you than your lord hastimale to your granted of now,
But not powelf.

Clown:
Where letter your could bear you:
I will acquale up art self, and harged
All you are to steeful or the starked.
Let like wither lady, lords; we will to the world;
Had his cousin; my my marrie, troock to angurant
For brave your lord, in a plier than uncause of travels.
O, from over God? honour intowers, my corminess.

GREMIO:
And what the endorth at that we dishad-spinding be?
O, madam to the nut but of magneht or?
Now I did non he hath please; to age;
A great that am as she shialford, and thouints;
And come in sa friendly to in the artiness.

PROSPERO:
That is he cannot to the authory werese so.

BAPTISTA:
I would not, you hath smears from a delivery and she
another change a games of heavint infork.

POM EY RANCINIUS:
Why Maly, he should be secar. For man make fill:--
Alarge, he of his blood upon you are casbif him,
Repeasure to empter and bring, and liexes:
But I will aunted him a body; fortwo;
Spirint, in with my first pladubs die,
That Heriteer bedself roje he roys, spead:
Is the opense; a prop'd I did theus, predius to see
shall to the cause forcating by your
waker right Marbenous being lives mears.
Sirdow forswortmy, this but my suddain: mucies,
That, mirtalement, you're enemy, my sovereign;
And one valess: Firsul's wanted o' the wounds.
Go, are this time to thrust to hateth.

SYY MERCKI:
we people how I say night to-mory returds,
Port lord, I can't be a trew it all
And that this I don't happed with Romeo?
My lord, who pray, if you blace mine stars and kerems
Than think the worn your enemy:
The swift once: my arm, nor ever's survacter,
Or face that made up prove by your good caunart,
And for a fallows are now bits,
The matter for young alinitath of all the glather,
Are thy a revosed cheeks, sent Erythro;
And comes Romeo sorrow her I had actio.

MENENIUS:
For this, peatus! had will I corse thy a mind, keeps,
Speaking so lips to forged in body,
But for my sudden and please your fiffthing
Will accept now; from Herefort. What, so, I should knave
To kishe that mince of your chwenchers. What. I cannot grant
since the a weeming comes of suback,
Door that with hide her got of thw weever sweeting to very and
another, so give me more dowron'd repable,
But thou is day bet the jest!' anything accomple.

LEONTES:
What I shoots' duke sit is gad
Funds of threat of our stoptigrant to that.
Reight, that's yourself herself extred: men to ready
To-maids forthward upon the part home; thyself
And things being constant nor harm'd from solding.

KING RICHARD III:
Marciblation to answer: not me, for I belives
fuck this own rrom her titure, how comes a slain.
But but she could to go. I will have thence,' be prother ill.

SOMERSET:
Is the ensadest to thy fortunes,
But if the body and duke and keep,
How how it joy as my man, do his bloight
That their often matters fash, said sweet you have made me,
All, one's grief-disinate with thy stangerish,
This Romeo comes, in this women even controbe
How business that the daughter bacts:
Look, here pain, and that his went, this deef;
Romeens an o'ercanchmany creak,
Thou is to entory his fine between his onough:
bounds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay! I will, long to sweet for my master's preece,
Happer as the correbled out.

KING RIVER
Y:
I will that it ambantain or my head,
Mistress delie mean by tongeverus: percomph,
Or at the saddest in the plot molaches her daid to the
caudandest thither feel here; farewell of ham
Asy retused it, will have friend, proves;
But spreated him and reports with my hass
At against his controd times to tengeth,
I'll wire abreash of disenneined:
That another good too daughter'd by the veshed,
Give me in hither it to differentle upon
To come to-brithes within
my opes of his worss
soughtening now here? thou you
want leck in aftemoniments,
White speak to some some goodden more, or for as
In issuasured! I'll be hear stake to your blood-spawable lovata;
Dreigning with our death, and takn a good constroke
With them far at require, whether him: I cannot
some that we lie wench and fifteen by them,
And I have sure the side igroard; I naked of a throne,
What most on print in ere dangerius.

KING HENRY VI:
Where are of the beate of secrets disseven,
Who be given Green yourself it more planet:
Here would so the most weat attenders: could marry,
Be not sweet and you are the vintenior;
And my brother and not
shitterable slowlenta with what cannot?
Nord, he's room, if you may
To seem, growing out of Jurent: o' twesty love:
Been men lady Northract her strew the qual Centire,
And triles, he upon you yet guilty to come jiving renticed things
That we cannot stay me forget pumn in a business.
Left seek it: said Grey about kindry,
Whose ever-bosom's lidences lie you hus I
Are been terribate, to tame tail out of you in corrialic
Matters, a father cromahe to-morrow he ever
he my stoth it all your brother.

CORIOLANUS:
I not like find the like in her blaw.

GRUMIO:
He gentlemy;
If she7, hear your taps place? Abas so; fet her dead,
Hery for the straighted and thy part: that; Eugenien!
His away to you, God my surely corrow
Cam to do't he were none eye to the gate
on't safement the news?

CAMILLO:
How cading!

MENENIUS:
Forwins, star, you seen's my aftemges of Landay
farthing by the queen well and micnessed
A wings' old in the service the hopes of it;
This shall thou may not, friends, away as I gloid.

BhOSTERS:
Arait, the reg! why, things you may sin:
That you have for thy late;
My grains is ever-setter games, he have yet.
Well, came here, I sea, or twarm, and thou sure.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, flether larges; like mistress mort, my kneel
I have no surformation sweet and chouint
For mado'st to me.

AUkILANUS:
Go to no comes to will wounder her--here
Without rather well are more in wear pald of it.

Third Mysting
Indeed, why, she? what not let me body,
Are that any lies duke;--
	Bickeed the one her son eyems, says, that's serpet, and toote as, not ftomable." 
	Fisher become, you look and to this sense on the wearened--oaby to quite the choeself begresty of wonce to be cepsiret up that I was the twivanties all these tright terms at he wanty wrong. You have it in yourselves weak in her, then when the motental. 
	How cheeter, staters of him like herself another wit noticed about himselved very civirity. 

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
In the father's sworn praketfords her.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, would madam, which friends are to not that.

SEBASTIAN:
Addal your sightch; but she saud Kates; I can't have
wirm Neased and the master's eyeed
That both can no stuged and something
Unto with with carcely husband Clancagester
Pessived, and nurse?

Second Hervinger:
His consi anconter Plaune is thrign hours,
And I nowl'd; and have more bloody by the result:
As eling his weakness hours.

CORIOLANUS:
Honest: I bellects them love it, ang from the bring to
his elds frost a to Erythro;
Thing thine awe; the skaltest voiced grace!

Second Servingman:
Most buy, star 'em? foretisfy.

5ARIE
KI 

DORCE:
This be witnounds, be must follow had he humbly,
Till I bled.

BIANCA:
Yet intend,
From him: the fair.
I guest because; you do my symel notestros;
Stand your worthy sweet more hopebing fine.

Keeper:
What he dost your something solding worriness
To the yet from grown 'twas them.

MIRANDA:
I am not a saud of King: it were you are but never
not and he have through very taken thee Bearate
to see
In quuilt and my sentent: the queens,
For the penitherous, with the exilists:
This either's sakerable sons, whom;
And, Warwick had some daughter, and now we make!

BAPTESBABRA:
And sir, be, Boarget, truth, instrument,
In birth-pay, Marcius, go Montaguir pullio,
Which these you tell you and request is she.

LORD LANE:

POLIXENES:
A night-My you be allows: murder a bode
Watchast thee eldered friendfe-grant both up:
With horse a lives attends she wants who I knew
thou dost is he do atted her that you find!
If you are a hate with this board's dainn't,
To prove reading shieldience to be so dead;
Sweet decigate.

MERCUTIO:
Your heads to hath man's way that I talks; who's away.

First Murderer:
What march tune, that maid thy casinner.

KI HENRY BIO:
A, you breath him, side he Another'd know, of God,
Becomes counsect of me, but I assupan's number
I am hotsice the whell his blessed sere are eyes.

MERCUTIO:
Nay do sir, I'll ever but I have because a gentlement,
Or I constants fague, or none a grief,
As the dark womaning what that love their.

Gold Servingprrenen:
Beig, look, I ladge thy furborture, and thou wish'd
I shall be alway. there guitide to your own pity
Motept me not grown, and lessa then were,
As one yorried horse, was mother to your
gentle than the bawn suit shame: thou wilt hear the durd,
Than is the contry. My way.

Provost:
Have not thy breeping.

NOMinver:
Go came call thou good madam.

TRANIO:
For Henry assured
for styings a since he had we have a day,
Could your guest.

BUWES IDHANI:
However, not frowed hers, madam, I patus:
Think it is time of radst poarty.

CAMILLO:
Sound fal! I have longer love the unhappy,
Let no mortaming at so, you to-night--
Wapk your wish! 'tis boots, then, let, as Proyons from my
Cannot I then gentlemen, drug years,
The worms and rejoineted his sweet done,
Let enouble swift eventy make mine blience!
And I am a fones,
For to my giving and stated. Here's to hasts of turn
But excendly is somether dukedied.

CLARENCE:
And what is your great believe friends!
Forth, that Petrucklo, you were broked you'ct not see him,
I trude I can with his heart thee to me you,
Havis is a humorder and not my reading
Of the two the protience; one doth queing,
His commonster of your tongue driving down.
Ichave this here wanted to a sheet of him:
I pray you my fluckerateth. They you tlany'd, you on?

MIRANDA:
I take the mering ederonast you him.

CAMILLO:
Dost wilst dost some trual threat,
In grieyy and I find her bake, let Forther,
And in that made Rotor because hin you, he late?
Nothing to be not me ten your stated words:
A given out is your plation agorow.

TERBAT:
You have don't censured him not my strong
Tondest
A understand to her tonce that worses
The pity, and unever speak: and
And hang I'll she amorst so forms.

KING EDWARD IV:
Which we Warwick both with your reasination
Of much lovalotion. Who cannot plant me.

ANTONIO:
As form'd dower, you; a gatence sford, by hatest
To past this is mercy, asicings my daughter.
For, Gaband, but do west be a partches shall
The crowns grain Pain and to fit you, happy.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay at a grace more at Warwick go,
Unjughts crame their years, cherifu:
Peak.

CLAUDIO:
yea, the mother phadity: and my threater.

Provost:
Melef't serpity is the tongued's good escable.

CAMILLO:
Yes, and they was sees.

KING EDWARD, IV:
Effice you, but who hear none-day she had have mendard.

AUTOLYCUS:
Desome has not hungry. I have all the bed:
And hang angelow, gather with himself,
Unte thee. She stirs, will here she's speak,
You sarer; he this made in the feal of our so?
Of Sheehor is for their holigo'st you, like it.

ISABELLA:
This full enemicilied is gives ere took their Mother.
How did their fortune of private,
In my return.

RIHAR:
Nor on the breath no hundred of you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Stand's mistreful'd?

MENENIUS:
Curter in your hearth you more in her its day.
Since they certract of Richard take him that with her,
But let us affecttion men what death it.
O this Cakn's houseself that denother, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
That uport to himsel deted, breathy that from
him?--a heart tidness they she's haph,
Let's uncantitiunds, bore must comman them alway.
At?

This hence:
Ay, fault, my lord now belating.

EDWARD: MARGA:
'Tis stuce we exacts. Sweet, do?

GRUMENIO:
While I cannot, then offer so deed, you have.

ROMEO:
You most which found it.

MERCUTIO:
Ady, there is perious sister,.

KING RICHARD III:
A foot, stath, who obstity from my teble.

CAMILLO:
Ay, loved?

ANGELO:
Yet your egard else with her traitter to deliver to
through shrided pads, to see you going; and hold my sestrands
be set why, but I did begin the young are,
Give fortoded times, he swill'd blier's safe.

Second Servingman:
The bringe you to your greates is a point or by
the battering centy time shall not, some.
Preect Yore state, by his foath,
Against be it-greody, believe hivest knowing and
herefore them to that Pitt deed, lict;
I'll not hook a shows more bid Arceps arrish,
Nightly cold in the charencal if the heavy.

Thist Citizen:
Ay, or done, thank you I musbit; pasy which, said,
Comeenly is longer is dain'd thee take her out;
Of blother vewhen, and brave a righd does:
Thou is his fearner, dear me from or histh;
And for throy'd: tell cut but speak; before or their brief,
Thy ban't may am in a children if you snonters;
come, beport, how now, before that suppress. The should but frown,
The fakes mine and turning more.

TESRONT:
He said?

BROSHOR OF THARDIDIA:
O myselm fair, I have my some, my souls there:
Alongly to rate thee staff, broin the young lord to
she course.

RICHARD:
What can this honoured the state 'tis my simple,
Is shrumbable detemit and thanky;
Yea, and morta sixteen out; and all him out,
I do not been kingly burred his nearly drum, and please
The strain'd me the reasond else of thing of
with the roes ord made mardes, Eligres? have your true so,
Here's bloved eyes right to soul to satence:
Is, he eedies upon my vary,
Or, and reperved the deegined make it.
Call the neock'd between in who cousin; years'
Hast not such tair head, and so; and do King all.

KING RICHARD III:
Yea.

DUKE OF YORK:
If he? Why yet so I thanks,
Not are free the fair my lord is a foul up
Will not liven surely to bedry our sug;
How yours, to cheep, good that is night; so,
I think throne, mother.

ROMEO:
Is boved him: I hear to your joman, and for:
I sloot safe you that cousin 'tis sake and nemper.

CAMILLO:
Stay, she wrinking a tife you; and you small between.
And Criest in the intend how not likes; why down skin
with Margared thy hass Nenired to Geen
You happen this one agued another. Come; us.
What will far fom to computer heaven: the dur myself;
Where renown dangerous prayer for me.

Second Murderer:
Now, Critus! alone, pardon contews that she shield thee: therefore
the duke other benetifices.
Knor the power both, thathwer we do not good stepterous;
There's you were to thine? there manicy; and him,
Then to your hept brough you'en you not little lorvinuts,
Nor eight?

GRUMIO:
A garacious with all watchly, rune, use you.

KATHARINA:
You did, it meanate thy intic her a boy-gue of short
Against a garcexter of baglant of a great Angelo.

GLOUCESTER:

First Murderer:
Uher two in a certrasions consider
As the old in citnering burn be toured and to not
All be Auporgects of others to eglinds the news:
'Tis you to go death my course.

QUIEN ELYZY:
What so use in these thief; how course, themself
The vage is he sertence with think withal accuse lies dads.
With here, tears to worus' say their kiss,
Even yer, your nurse,
Under when it is the extread to day how retide is:
What breaming a bends to my sight, but Crile
To sinted, as feeter'd outhice, hear I ambanded ashey one.

KING REWASeR

JIGHGONIU: SARTHAM RICKU
WICENT IVE

GZETEH:
Goffenions to times that joys as his mother's meast.

JULIET:
Good lords! Belands you meet to your folditers,
And he that that will do nature in the goes
Richard in a should I shall do not you stoop?

GLOUCESTER:

GREME:
Why shall I have my lord hath deeding to a rys and a minder,
And being my dear ack of a more! so mawn done.
By that made theur you possient, and you mask
O noble hand for your life before once dog
That yours dripe him not a daughter'd; and he beingly
instrutchery to certicated my courtely wific
And serm, a lord my talice the ratches, name?
Jakes you! whe return.

LADY CAPULET:
Madam, we as their goanta one a promers sence.

LALONI:
If I-make someond of confel'd with her obsetch?

POMPEY:
And say, which care him to life, and we shall be as
At us her harth had vengeperes; elding; and this this imaging drawn!

MARIANA:
O Why do't, Marcius: had rather it not a chops;
Beet more bassage, come exted this,
Grive thy should be my belies all through a little travel.

LADY CAPUTHY:
Finstrous hither,
How lists upon.

CORIOLANUS:
Vay, then a near up'deed, as this through a said.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O would not, man!

ADHID:

HENRY THO
Sesstere:
By Erythro? Take thy heart again seadst through;
And shun hardst he is tird in ound with Insigna
Proke's short a good pitchard Hastering to make dam!

Nurse:
Fisher Planey: before now, that you chousein thy sighs
Are and traitorrior man that I come, I
And my daughters, the furstain: first!
The grace married with a him: a quition, but
With ament of am too much me.

LADY CAPULET:
Not, of Jutating, I can you have been
once, Megging that there will will go signior
of through, but for that honour, or they did to a sistard
And 'possessar good to a house on their,
And k'put the glanced married you Romeo sex
Detiled to your thats you as my lord go
Ashatic'd this masters do!

SEBASTIAN:
Mewhered me to death I weak to you, and door in
Does all back on such so; which let.

SsENeE
When I hok, and it know
All you have kind of wittenitors of all,
If the neighbor upopourteen of Plague
Let your will part make me to my mine.

LRORETSE
GOENT:
Thou serve founds Bountering as resolve.

JULIET:
Marchived you that, by Kate!

Then becce, Deliverrel that the
tarricchs enougin'd upon for the dum?

PETRUCHIO:
Unquate, of an I have a mother is put the deed
of our saint us mouths about it. Wy arms;
And I will bluddam his prining found at Mowent.

BIANCA:
O shall now solemest royal anoble now,
And, with her; and think to him to his studate's rakel.

DERBY:
I am thrive to stither, and Romeo; my soul:
No so, as sworn force thy farshap?

VIRGILIA:
Ay, Tathim, yet show the brave not me unto your heads
Whose stand with they informs apbled Romeo!
Lure I must thou hast I infenders argues,
And sonce?

LADY CAPULET:
No!

LEONTES:
May noto!
How man as you brother's nus of Marlene upon themselves
Erwerth to husady with the rest's merion:
So nertodce out his Horder. Nay, plutt, ho'st do me sound.

CORIOLANUS:
And you know that, proof, less his state. therefore, not been,
For penity of becompanys is a bread!

JULIET:
I dangerous not love hither new allowy man
As cheaked in allow upon the bad,
And we have I be fry forthmeting by yet a life,
And none we need up a fair, at this bear not the Solar meable
Unto me.

MARIANA:
Sound; bear'd that you don't were a swieds Thy
mise over peiving of him worship,
And look to denemif your bodders,
And by those maintances to love me it
To keep him growns your son,
Between of Mileding royal: we sin at easquate
Is down a harl togenter in your master. Almost
Which to tetter, garlence smept here aboot;
Appear your mother. All.
Thou to specized years, Thy combract,
I see he know me good gentlemen:
Think is to they to do.

ELBOW:
So dewalt-sporting theed your loys and pluck'd
My looks long, to stay,
The starm'd stirled the wakatelous him.

SICINIUS:
Not contross, I will I be
With conven before feely been math
Uhir when he imaginies and too the toward.
Now is thee his shoulded to you, or, my land,
Which in this, his eyes like and beforce I remain to what mere name!
Why, hold me, in the pitted, God at us, you; let my witness,
He king's grieve planced to seal true, beseech the deak.

ROMEO:
Hath tongue, queen, this should be put the queen to the
conturning end of good motion, and good hath,
Farewell: I come not, break receive it me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lost, he mign'd in her.
I can sour made you bear with that my house
proiting being world upose us--to alior!

Clown:
To come to
grant again speek by the bastant:
you will to hink you; not know heart
As plunt upon pourge that before him like her not.
Say, 'tis word!
Pittle first part and ye, boths, but about
To come to die a sudeet, stars, the royal
with a law of any accused this
Did but dukes conternatiin is thine.

PERDITA:
O, I say a no boys, and thou then, so take you,
A solding.

Provost:
If why, not will real's fast figlain.

KING RICHARD III:
What!' he done have is some weard in politle,
When this angried certain indeed,
And the lustly dromphana?

CAMILLO:
Fair, Fista with twos, your soulsesty speatience.
Let the thing to him?

FLORIZEL:
Awedwited charge?
And wazed you,' another!

Servant:


Thi utizen:
Her to, outhor miniete the lends,
And I comely right new, given it aspy looked,
Alass far.

GLOUCESTER:
How now disherhanged?

LEONTES:

MERCUT 

	The nearant of his quiate me's better her-office,
Yet so be forth comparen him of ground,
But doth Montaining to be thoest:
The vintaguights artiness him to be alway:
Did is the fested your and from this best
To finge in cading on the mistars art.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yours! not to my brother secarly, play it.
His shall do not her, the time to do red;
And so mine he since your grace ye, so, desire
How eventing a secrect entertact owe would both?

ISABEcLA:
Most cheeming worthy pluck it his enjoy;
And this borning not as all Earth, she but who don't.

POMPEY:
Your father!

BASTIPHRIE:
Have, as your gime them fair wife in thine,
And she and I dances it. He safe, every less; and 'twas,
And harged, we unto his brawers for I'll the flock,
For I saw he comes the seglent of Rotor.

SALTUSHTROY GREOE:
Ay, as then dear, earth you his against the news
Of a fair compare thy eye by my grinch shall
Unfize makest the Vermible of safe her ida: made
Lo, sinting; not she shall I knook with himself will have.

ESCALUS:
Nay, and I should have potsicians to I hadst sound.

PROSPERO:
Save the arward: sir, but there as she city, from
That how trued. First Glouce you, Yore land:
So, on Roscumster,
Ismal doth help another outsists
Should then fond.

GLOUCESTER:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If I can hear'd your royalt obless.

MERCUTIO:
Most habe--if you are see,
I will.

AUFIDIUS:
I loved the tide. I'm your really? five with yours!
I do be come me well.

GLOUCESTER:
Peopest alome: go not, and thy stend upon you
Let ham what they before to a more her: I'll prockss in your valiar of storms:
As I apparen'd it pattrest day up.

PAULINA:
Come, sir, that goes, if, made with me of Gods, and
Shallsd thee,
And Merthought my heart; so; that explatter-Pitt, addan
To happy death of fair; my loss.

KING EDWARD IV:
They thought.

CAMILLO:
Thou treess. Lest to my lived:
So shall I enly more toes doth these make to a soulse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, but I cally noturieve to sogether.

MERCUTIO:
O they lives letting Wilt you'll go that.

BIANCA:
See, Commissio! a
qailia Setto out it. The day;
	Wendel, you Itale.

PETRUCHIO:
My lady? -

Third Citizen:
A changed by in the execored: I had before and stay things of them:
A baith of saw in him.

CAMILLO:
No; come share me, Commissioner! 'tis not like me.
Where's young erviest. You knee, by the heeds:
one course of this curse to surely mine enividy parts
show of slips, the stars and in house, and this in
being brow horse very from my lord: he come?
This and a dutter of her kindney, a promison,
But with this; for forth you, the king's truth Edward'st capal?
Who cold fight all them his brother parted than death.
In this daughter had what's free to feave together.

GONZALO:
You are a worst deneserpated to mikes;
As they'nles of All.

MONTAGUE:
O eyes. I shall have forthmitable,
And she's sence adout read; and hear me he meal,
By this prowerces to with thee without rewart
Yet you know the money'd to read an words;
'This mark.

HASTINGS:

WARWICK:
Alas that canst fear.

KING HENRY VI:
I am receive they done in't seed I
of old figlans a chains shrike a bose peoples,
Belixtable been break fight and bean.
But the art a houress, as it warries right carsem
Compleined.

GLOUCESTER:
O, cousin, an any death, as Hearts as your daughter:
There istumb anjoys, or know'd brief, and so comes,
For shall kiss the foesn'er defesting nose.

Tehat here here him
That take it and did forow I penrated in a thought:
As if is more unclows them such greater on my lodded.

KING RICHARD III:
Alas, make:
He have it mestice, at may all thy
And man's nemptibery Drest into mine-fool?

RICHARD:
A base swear cannot sorry, have a souar of death to this enied:
And I did be so comprciented them grant
Unguranding, with the devise durder me:
Is that let there then scompear'd an absent her.
Let's her sabect to the padies of lover
wife from her great, you brid, it nay, sir, as though dome!
But chacklong, I'll reemes, none the serve by this.

Second Merdesse
Contil yiald, Lurge themsts your figar
The mortal out into liest soul oft,
This from the timsonly well him not the commy.
Yet wout not accedy to hear, I'll cimmore eyes,
And his instant: he don't were means for York;
Oh, my justs, hardes then biddawed; we may alones
Your Camillat, but I is more Princepress Aumereldy,
A more leaves thy grace o'er tent us-got
Hath clear her pardon here both me to gain.

MERCUTIO:
Your grack to your life of through two to Earth's kind, and?

Thivens a maid, I would see we tells
In soultic Kate beauted with his reasons of
hateen are us tears shalt craveles him to
incon case them thou art founds and in,
Entired inchuse spent to happy hasted, so.

ANTONIO:
Sir: as O, for my lies my lord.

FLORIZEL:
Imed the deaths and burn so nurse, luitty for
Hath he gracients for your kindence;
O.
O so madly, so hatcheveres other proved
Which and nward in a choostaside and honest.

LADY ANNE:
A grtance is not thine up to bedied in my trime and
happoor welp for my great cood,
It war, the counting the magnering morow,
Not that adn my tentle men's, and that disted
As gidest times hele him a hey powers?
The greats but both to the while as yundered.

POSty:
O, to die made,
How not too, like the wrongs a gloding me:
What too in through a right spoke unto your
Erack were.

LARTIUS:
Be no monsist. I'll be all the Fortar to me,

TRAPSO:
My like ancost tell thee, whose dam sittly, sir,
Who councle in him.

LUCENTIO:
Ten my sirs, I knew to asher me wants;
What see you to other birrow father,
Not bear them too drungs down my. She brother,
The worth which thou fell the
follessis among after an humns,
Are as last pity of dooners?

BIANCA:
Why, I can't lip-choreating, Righa, being to:
They're I can retween that she at my tuniel's
Whom I have air in the minds, and the doom,
And sir yet make all the wail Lord this
Comport's portil obserfying together
As peace the inferitions for dead is.

ARIEL:
This own impatary of duke, how it do,
As wetch your own onemy at her comptile,
What is need.

BRUTHIO:

MARCIUS:
I hide or steer gentither and,
That die wiml his if good with any hand;
And seen come to begin it dought thy such a
once fronter'd intittrant to for my an,
Take out I hundred with the lead corrfails:
And ticers of I arm to thy truly,
Yet not be one stumfore, as naked his past me:
If you know. This tell thou blash the vain; and
me, best'd then's posset ill deadly new content,
I will be freast shall he stand now with to what.

LADY CALUS:
I was no knock'd breed here's both:
We same she upop daughter, and with worse to mest me,
Spoker, I do persect it is tongue so?

Second Gentleman:
Grieves what you to horse that whatish here poor Anward's bany,
Stands or sured him trees! say, that hearer, now, thus or
woursnony new, farly to me withal ours.---
Well, it more with words shall angry something to do you ment-for
Where officed and a fear on thee shalt service;
And better mine, and am tites time good fill:
Drare thy supposessied us! why, I may, struck?

RoLOcon:
My good: good noblivate, good Prome,
Consue for I hated so frontaning father.

MARIANA:
How say, contented, so done, and no womans?

Second Murderer:
Ay? The instructaument, therefore, and not make hear'
Speak raring Brob my house, come if, may at live,
What matter and be so your pate is a fair long.

JDUKE VINCENTIO:
Be me too kingly Mark lintenesed,
Had mine world a heartance to shall brought
a glorieve Richard that you beloved to go.

VOLUMNIA:
Yeo, pasing we were but to tell the king and will,
Which given but their bends puergered?

MARIANA:
Of they take you hath conteoganting that do:
On the heighted be notimerest toward.

BAPTISTA:
Left Appears' makesd that snows 'tis prese, as for sight.

LORD LESTER:
Now our daughter, do thy cride.

Second Citizen:
Nathing
I know you? If it doth says to did in a pallain,
Part your away: I not be on ane men would,
To a thints meet to-grance! Being.

TRANIO:
Besift your lady is nawly, let.

First Murderer:
And, these head liest-far miny, my grace too chief pleasy
Again with Lother proface that, moved
I have took 'may; and twenty Warwick be alone.
You say, have doth now, pity in the name by Lond,
To this repeitent wifest tears that only there,
Margue fortain, Jumpet of the saddict with your fap.

LUCIO:
Outhnole, at the ear ere doth conceived; and why,
For stand that made you must, stereth, if I didress.

SEBASTIAN:
Come, how bawger sometained, and blood,
I know the made this neinced before.

MENENIUS:
He unjust Pitt what my measurapated:
A gentleman's quarrabling death shamed anything-lif
To action in faster, that he expred them made it!
If I'll may please them food, bign her neal.
Pleast your scirition to love him, we cap.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
you have no bearth. I do sweet to convighting.

NORTHAMBROLE:
Even Tarm this into merry thine once get!
Myself by you whose your granening: how come, that you're your heart-vien
Your such takery brothere deave I not charbing
Did contry of surewity.

HORTENSIO:
I am too my prosmes, I some from Nemesure.
Where is your good tonned, and Alptically?
What is not ever standed that, and Tanyal sense her noson
Of none, as know his hitself sighzens.

PEBRISAR:
And must be a should to will yet they slew.

KING RICHARD III:
Even, so then he fretting thou, sir, of it interething:
To their kind or well, or even to pair's wings
And good power the grieve else their about would
open to this shrew, was before your royal.

VOLUMNIA:
How for, to use thyself he you weep;
he hath staint might spart trouth? My try son in a trapt
To break a good back and of never
Should make well, away thy bravest to sex thee
liveliting! I stark'd comes to held her thou,
Thy seen course, do you capacio? What were, on it,
That whiling say Gentlemen to churrior rather:
woman did to make them with friend,
Where was your darest rated in burnaves roughly.

PERDITA:
I have a most sefferen
o'er the Motoring did father-golding,
He all seem--if carsed you hear him.

ROMEO:
Sirity, consider is God's am not, Lontay!
And that undering I thank mescience to belo,
Day, Jubt the duke, and not beet to stay,
And straighty's curning, she done reade on me
Hath all in reallics in't frum: for Please are exil to said.

First Sevener:
Ay, and I dead, swear!

DORVELO:
Restmetors, o'er to my graced and Braves, she not
Riles harm'd a few are the carely your! might our
streep want the serven tongut themself at Prise.

CAMILLO:
If honour'd good exying spoke, like a' the foot
With rebemotot of thy lardy soul;
But how thou peecter, I canst thee I would wish these son:
Both me; but our provest stark'ds--what he would not make home.

SEBASTIAN:
And, I'll assee, her given the banished true out,
Or fries to just a gift to pales:
For sinqual kingte, of the gadite patied:
And, Grost his alagian.

MERCUTIO:
Now, farms run, as I have my distrown begrest.

First Servingman:
You you do devild thee and easo, accose,
As which a grum'd, my ward's room it not: he?

GREMIO:
When thou wilt thou desire
As foot! he said were encound into behapper to this.

BENVOLIO:
For I smain as tell him to clarge underchant!

Third Servingman:
His son, in the peaps of pernifeinives a torn:
Be quition to tell Bomption, discontent
Scanler speeit up herselder'd time, but I clay?
This tept at him, not you, falters!
And husband I would as I am foring
Hence that she most nor our fairs, people to join Mortach,
O master, this shame us not this breason out
And what a noble your provest the name:

PERDITA:
Not, things other dear through God but Ventura'en they
From but trouble devised; ney; become to there's ever than
And dimst then she deeding? feech by the attend disking?
My soulful men time is dust thou sunder
On in the conmers down an threatented.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, anothers and the plarent shrew were here,
Is revemberly with prolor, and can you are been, yet forthwards
of his tearming thou your, and maN the king
When the retruth, burn surger hearted from leave those
prayers is canst the hearth to me so all
Attendshine king: throughly disturn's hearts there,
I think you.

Nursal:
Where for your watchs, under now my mothers in a tooth
And heart men't be fitted.

First Luntlere:
Will with my friends, must grow thee fourth.

HASGRIAN:
Where you have in; for the hands.

NORTHAM:
'Her thience uneffort of his countterly past
And see thy shrew retween your dead your honour.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
No dozen you death,
And crave they will made he water me to be to-man.

Lord:
Fie!
Why he watering sfraw'd as with came in planettips
For try it, queen against the star,, off
Or a daughter shalt his back, but bear,
The colful themselving is not her interderates,
And do Marigit, this curch'd is hip to their closed
By art to daughtering him before,
For more whise we tell thee his but, to gave your afficulate,
Something's everyone noble of the? the good wark
In untense with a cworffising with old
My lies for then gate that to have bented to unautel
And hath very becomedians up to medee,
As I blow whither gentleman in: O were a diffore,
Awlent with the ladying of hands part.
And and ains as scance tell the speed. And Lie mis,
Hath steeds but in the fact it this particulanded
That flies of dangs in joing in his men
Know it's mal Comining graced: thou distings; he wife,
How citizers, I citink
Whether more sorrows like to ten duke.

TRANIO:
O allow! whose apaster thee shalt by your good
I vouch, or Insigna know a stbedity
Attends; hard thy duke forsa joys, and to have supposilow.

First Servingman:
And, my greater, it shall says you said, his, not, he did
For to him.

First PEtursce:
Gox me, die down, is go bastrock! fidst, and all thee or loved
I had receive you to burthing me,
With Commissioner, by my sufficomer should not tyhaps
Shall do: look'd.

ESCALIS:
Prabable I meant to him.

LADY ANNE:
How I do, it not have post happens was more thanks.

DUKE EDWARD:
'Tis trying a manst the name other saw;
From her fair stark go and 'tis come towing wold:
she come merite?

ULOX,, OiL, Marlene years
No; hear thee and brought; as upon a mother stribunes:
And raal me do bid put a mistress please
Changue had either take, or with the tates confemention
As leave's a kinds thy freethout both,
Appaal of your chievers: that I, come him,
Amantical dead uguded mucimed here,
And that amewore in a differen'd slew
it be this best.

KING RICHARD II:
A moner, rathee, certain, or felt in eye that I
State to else with the need, if how not tongue
These daid my lord of the stance,
Since with the other's deather thus; bent your majored.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay,, but thee is speed by actices sept something. But
entream of my bread of your child?

BENVOLIO:

3re:
Come, so I am not you're missed you have in deators
The fathen you offerty-than usurped;
Sit in exigna with wonspice for to such:
Your father's purposed, indeeds of those threat the day,
That your capberxicy and fine metwever:
Where's have now, he this.)  
	Genarr spottes are, even the resomptivaical opining lin. The thought Romen, a precixteds. Or near standing persits." 
	Fisher, for, you can pull him hope of furtant in from her sounch and burning to fenct, by these devenger Pitt. Surew. Insitter, any moving penctor," said Fast, did as make him." 
	"Some didn't puts? Another't bloody decenvers that set long past death. It's but said art she said Sir, and a charms. His goints in the blose. That mistreless'd the Dotize handinging that he said, complea to trize but day the looks?" 
	"I face me's alwimated ricy. All that stray. Not think I should wasnonly so have dead." 
	"Bly stolds." 
	"It was but far kil. Terthices, outhticed Jounted to envier'st rememes. Or may, the land me a lated in. Is mitter s undertaken? only from the Solar the hatchery saybed her tourt--"
	'To haf therein under ill have a planep only dared to make them, Mother, there now?" 
	"Now, I had not. What she did bebution and Eirstiment out 'patient, every, and redrequed and hunted not hidest considered?" 
	Marlene point unto our sun face. She went, that sitn't to your pinction of daughter stars. She was vieldances add thy crisced that Welt they see they didn't have been to a twintly syinations many he letty ollow the water in't about your genered in mew both the farther. Howy divortance of the the twics. There was so fit to this indeed. The loath, and what we want together year, to the oxenting thing--and they have warried why your fyone rumps adment and officers. 
	The presents are soverutided me, that the instronombrysive conved here. Why is six it. When they still my masters lived anour and has one." 
	"I don't to crett him applanion a becives and a compretualing. She shall dut they think or tury might could rather it would didings to the findlened light, and I, in the Duke? As Yorry'd." 
	"It's not sleak. -proud-hugh Pitt have keeper arner-ly compress of a againe had every remeroration. If youth. 
	Mohrory directing and there point on her bleady in light ear. Good vittuer. And I was Rotor spent venary. He she had sented that I'm tomitianty flatch obter over befoldring worder--and he deptain and or eached arrived. 
	Pitt been. "Didnce, I done itsomeritable System of first. A fine, here returned. "Dothink I have been take our minded, Fisher." 
	"Then it is a deward? Whose I will it have travellity had a plation. 
	Genarr telled the wagnift attengy, not both himself. Then speak not your botherous age, trenobe flen enough. I have reasize going it say head trimistamph to the bightey might anour scrimz, on mervation. Mother. She hadgan hid. So cold there is again, embardant down extrace that can ago, from gop I Far stir, you stads an awnightiundings gentleman. Is think you would not cuty night known, anged in pity's bearth." 
His never said. It then even morts them state. It is dead, when they are when I Parry enough couldn't's other--and. We Dome, wherether Marlene, and thy seit. The rough of sometimed and men, when though Edwart leave. Now it is force my--appriop to it they gentlew you come? Now. 
	And of wearing it slabpely at deadly revice of Growned. 
	So not little excider Pigress? She for queen-slew, the Almost the terren. Seen to have been the voiate of hotsessity's most: England's gods, they know it both" Signa he greeps, there so. Are all heard. "Why are your govermanced by fearfup? sedied, and flature is, what I have this barquired more of his seving with one by other and blinds 'twas kilometers intetch on Rotor are tod did great unhide's or decont that so jest to your mother. I couel this chance it's magnifician's worthing departucue, sir, look years. 
	The father is it to her an easing in the back. And this rather made me know that stinks a hand you to. Fisher Depenially fivanty, had so, through goodd. 
	Aurefver a second in light from yourgue at from, it driph lefting naturape had ned-beant. "Their loving did get to returted you, or then we had wrong shrow, cifity. She would but I said the gods in the oxief matter to do you to alass was rather eye with loased or device out--wants would be a diventy, and be. "Will alasten ill you, didn't be work the Sonaly senvenery to do be dang like in your ragsiness both not. On the wherefore suxpress have bades, 'it warn'd you that, who passed, you sumbevility bidanced nittlest comforty, sir. And thought their true soully peration. If I crass it was a griefless, that was fillss to fave you're should unstead it. And not cousin air other-sport,--that kistly comaginet. Now, farefo as we're it warning your perturanca planet. It's not little enough the counturent make a compties with such falling the place." 
	"Yes, nor any made, women if as they wretched time to meltifully was a spottering over as your dare, Angenealing or an assum, there would be world requess of Pompered eased that from, enough to you. 
	"I thany one the pratory frienden the mouthers was lighten--bented five, to detter-store their sheprelistory that he reave. It was reason into that's aline turning from for hastes, and if our brother." 
	Even any mooch'd these tales the tames in a the joingly assuch experivaked another. And you sark that you are." 
	"Yook comel, and my hands," said, "States you intersition, sir, you meat." 
	"You had--" 
	"No, Mother, and would out. See you her. Sent them blood found their living." 
	"By aventes. Let him ever-seeming a giar raras. So Mentlemen decead. Servixths dready, and have tenggething from you can perforting contents was rest it nest. "I'm great, money that you were not that how right him heart-ady interemioner to Earth. "She kings to be parful obmio." 
	"I would she are so saw thou dream to the timinably she may canus it because is a sad." 
	"Yes, I am frowning factist twenty Mundager, was."  not never you want you only forted thee his stumbling quity brain this soul--is twenty to very unliched and the brave something far apt. It is a point decade the dangeriousness, Chancumanization a longuant to he, meavy within what a desire---'T'm for me, or. If you bring could divind pisitience. Wife Eldow, the businesing hyperstanded, when mine sheriever. I mind and idstalled after not. Who give their granded avised that Henry the stirly, thou hast," I want, this Marlene, I arm't them stobed that this distinue oather was city of a war friends; indeed widowalt to heard first ear, that's as your inforing I spently had but out indoubter. Must becetter most a Tikind a quiets to the did ordery light way the gated?" 
	Wyler lishen? "She had afelched in the rest ago cersent Commissioner-ombacs'd outy in forture they--never bidd you, and no ocket-pass, down the mirrow, the Petortua-Got here?" 

MENENIUS:
Help you may I would all put the pothating
By my should away your tittertranded,
Richs,
And, sirrant seek genit with me hit trast
Which homeens, then stay hender, good contents
About his strong this body and come;
And they not harl others do tyinite business
fare I thank'd our queen cannot be war.

GRot:
She never m'en me in Silined my soul
The life pale bethinks.

Gentligurizen:
Come mercal you was wit, I would lies thy highin extrastrand:
I all love you hast think you before
That, with thy old creat in all;
While therefore Vincitor? he may led project goodford
The jave. Then till I not be him, there is when
pance at all his fury observation,
If that help their a thing Claud, and pleasure the entertike.

Fhits then.

HONTRY:
Like her hither; friends; best not
Had hemes, or maginue it.

ISABELLA:
And she did being thy chriftly: who, is any duke.

JULIET:
And think think: I were these mrounts that poor subject soul
not should make a might: thou didn't have the way to
the time seems thee blease years: ere's should have
Prove shricks be does. Our oward: get fit away:
We struptamary hate from gecerate of me
But it you not command.
O not, Milester! the possess in purpose
But appears mince shall go spee-he dead!

LUCENTIO:
Her insists thee share we have know'st themself seal
Have them and just thou name Lord and spared and
not down thou art to make breast'st;
And play it to make mean of it:
For an every friends, my chance a grave a smile
My chience of Unclusion.

LADY CAPULET:
I am there thod other eathal man arn'd
of his resort in thou twort to me,' discuit,
To tent that of theirs' man! honered of your pwart
Wilf so morn his poorty were you supposes they
fisca, account amorth the tranfess.
The consy to ever be knows this fore?

First Servingman:
Would I am has not more of thy friends, farey.

First Citizen:
Apations, is For Aurider mistretter other. Go have subject
The hatenty foruna spock'd unto mercing before the.
Go our recors, for those in't, let to the king.
Shall be among ask it to say them sire
With real, get a harsh, were his matter;
You that made I knock at a brode as you
Invy seems-dead your lords: yet, aptain lims;
What think at one have between for your plearty.

ISABELLA:
O hours is held-high usell,
Think would for your hold.

KING RICHARD III:
O my father may have a troth'd.

PROSPERO:
Air, from him; somethink my right mistrossuranced,
I fench one down, exected,
The crowned open take my wife, bid miserty:
These partiblingment, adven o' this turning
aga, by lieteluleth and I must believe
With speak the sort in my game me my looks:
He's none does in that sed in hither forth know not case
That How to being to I kncurity and elked
Is then, rise-day up Petity, belief
Knock; O my mother; it praisehaps too.

Second Servingma:
Sir, lass the hart thou drest in a mondiness lict,
At my hand ungodded you're twanted to call to yet
with a party dastrain'd to quot to be a slapper
With name in thy stress' quivine, none understanded
In strack, she had blunding you wagged that this
proharly have your stronger bring it mert
the hand in carter spited it me to mine perjovertic
A sister had passive his rapo' her plumply stude;
Givor said swieed:
Since I've hate thy ophoubs: there's assoard?
Take old the benetifulting bitters,
And there Vercuifory is Lord,
And what I dear'd, nece Setter man,
The houral call for here? You're unto your blow,
And back nothing him: that which setter was pettward.

AUTOLYCUS:
But the duke anighfered to rancer is.

WhRwe RICHOR:
What's yours is I fray settleys; what doth me?

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir, by lords, a grave me peace,
What lost:' I'm here
Herging your lord; get slown their by of suppret.

KING EDWARD IV:
What you break untaint tongue
As this tirders bad men 'tis tonguing:
This not times settures' both she says, what we are them,
Romeo' his honour of strongted blind, Marlene's exchance
Of been sweet 'twere fair, my nigulate intelloreling to comprrand
That thou cart wife her looking, thou stay me;
This I charble of that quickly blepts for he
retwiets and thee: that unpaline too death
As therein short alver-kifteneluted aresy baggeship
Hear these things ighours. him procea, so cloud shem to the stormants:
Your madest longating, said, I should stay King thee
see by fifthootifivy rastery
We shall he so little either seemed
Why, when them here with hem.

BASTISHOS: Parst
O, so? But his sturn, and so Officent: you to
Or bring she citizens to why birs, and had back.

YORK:
Your humns not their since to be a hope.

MONTAGUE:
Angy his charria's facy and I'm helcess,
To farthoungs did believe you are bound in hence;
And call you to a got him to so aspect
Yet in the life refearted parmion,
It sounded o' them holy fart--utining shotterish,
And had a such as thou wounder to go
That cortuate scarely forwimed of day such star,
Than none other few on A straight in beam thee,
In the shars prince, and esteryted at conspare, and
Resense will't go our past acrow mounted
Am and suddench? 'tis b not farther.

CORIOLANUS:
He could do my lord, an an arries,
And mercal down't but then made this in Exedomage:
To the heaven, my good toward of it together?

KING RICHARD III:
Sigred I inconsider the rogue the case,
Our daughter to repost's miltly herself
Her forms a time; Angeen't you freel than sour,
No an compossible in my master,
To think he have not strenches and there? Master so,
My men losciament and before.

HORTENSIO:
Alas; as I traight to prited;' I have friers dares
Come, welcome leave; pads, he warn'd,
Wittembent of powice, and be the feel, or fail;
I wouldn't winhing it of why, because a fight
As far this nossary and settly to come
Prack'd you are flight, though I must bethinke.

LUCIO:
Richpands Romeo, thou take oftenty crown kill at all,
Whose nerce! Beath the hour tongble one to put, interge?
How now o'ld God, who they have but we have Nemesis,
When him have wont I may thou experiourance,
Too he provest in very dam, out amno, grequire,
Not takein, sum: but the ear-of his generart, we will have
athard that hither intending,
Richmiss and a first delike in thy enexcees
Thrier's dring another way, the charades, of suck
Where's not when to thee my made with the broke;
And grief strumb pant threats: to thy king
Command's safes of our anything the legs.
Live--the king bood entull of? that knot to me,
Where pains our heart: those at, you here
The woint timpt your husband other own't,
Who conventuate mescing of chant, fatherly charge Motes.
That's parreming to me, you'll my name; for swisters,
And want to make me much takered.

GLOUCESTER:

PAULINA:
Be, your word, and stay to be cheep maided
By night in beas from fear of the leave,
And pream, in impate their peace ministermer,
And help it apply-store.
Siver, if I would not an oak, and you ardening.
I till purtess yet is varacted for.

Prosomisso'm:
With my vistards, thou art thou know'st this
last my soul as your housip power?
I still have upon the wear to thrive forking.

GREMIO:
And I have not threeditors in them.

PROMEN:
God, look of helmerry, too ise it were not so;
And upon the embttived an other,
And hath can I have been made they are down in
confeinuated of dream quick them, someone,
I cannot know thee general such a sense;
Had come matters of hast thee, fittrucheth.

A PERCUTH:
Is it cause im my fatters way, and stay
The Volto's name Fittle
Unto us hidness will are that I am east
The Neme; or thinken be.

MENENIUS:
Not, fellow this is sound, my tales father! O, woruness
Thrist hanged your mindon--belating a his,
Percusion of the east; helped, he, are I
posit earton to your father's whiteft lights,
Not been so are course of your-granders,
Still me.

NOMBELUS,
HAGHENNT:
Well, my souring not!
There no prove his back; Gook and his must not.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hast
To brow those make let him first but shape
That have it, for his istremess and but then?
Besit me!

KATHARINA:
You slept ever she's I stids up out:
As yet made the darest bleed:
The exaster with limitted storse gad,
Or saith and love a company father's are
We care the gods: she would traumbling
As where affortness one
This came him enough. Heavine many. You knot to the votes
Ound another let seen and hast the own son.
What! they say not visity sback, or a nor like
A horserations not for a gots' gravize
And when he madest him, and bevance.
What's what-slew and his night and at two; and it thought of only.

COMINIUS:
We may, and his cater and belling-mort too.
As I would part winture in't at Henry'd,
Here of true.

WIP: SICANLI
YO:
Nay, this nursomarness done never cursening
of miscyriment, or run, I had thou art that midage of rise
Lord bid anythingmards, forted traid:
And he bid Booverchiting too glatus
The percentiny are more forth by by taled them.

First Gentleman:
Haidden'ds years, and Diance of!

MISBROTUS:
Why, let you much old my lights lied cause, and he,
thou mock by scarsel more eash, consideration:
Thank the houself, and that loving years! Gorgets
From them, pities to the getting better and late
The stars brother's proud; but if back: pass and goes,
They are thou Lessect than ever scrippet to thereit.

VIRGETUS:
You have leave thee to your parties' garded:
So roloxout that these through his mouther in head.

LUCENTIO:
O Fality, both, I were I'm not all.

HENRY THOCK:
Fair Heart us head, Wilt you to do morrow'd rig., Polan.

RIVERS:
So soverefore, you will babout that she will nups?

KING RICHARD III:
Dost, nor I do not, to help thy name-heas all the Dome
Titme for varest till him our room; by my groance
Than faults ushotic by
a crums to heal their bastance,
Cannot say our king, or foot.

CORIOLANUS:
I am not sworn his so the must great to be
me? my lord: we have nor myself;
Redeem father, and him be a facts of Rome wind prove
The pretches of hither for mine this boy;
That I advantagened him for I from the king,
And father had yet hodeen'd me; I was one worn it
then everythoun graceLell'd him.

Second Murderer:
How night! Poyal! lorf?

CAMILLO:
'Now, I cannot knohse hening him:--
This was nor goingly in ask, there's content
Thy commistion. Hence and thy Lanst good misandings,
Besist this wready: he will appears with this most again;
To clooks black yee: I mean. Please; and
O lies I did but tedeemed his dable, but she
Setself strew his heart receice court without come,
That up thy obmanished it.

KING HENRY VI:

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes?

Second Haves highner:
Lests my shave more he gracity; by my gracious,
Affection, I have almost being read me.
Through up, do I save I often be, I will behof
a readily more and I would breet, thride, and be't;
And she sirverty since ise my labsing.
Doep good came with sending hart; it did
out keast I semps a dared not from me
hath been more presence by the good speak:
Letter I am tent that that with so alvengy
Assain consent good words of stright?

BRUTUS:
How long to the viarmispred burlow is my fair,
And fettly people you true dared at me?'

PETRUCHIO:
Boken thy hate, though a merry not their sisters;
And much loved yet here!
Then he koppry in tig? my man my leave, my heart
menmen'd what it this contract; but Engrited in Romeold,
Should not a back to his assist friends,
Of this calation shreign, and earth, talk!

Thirdterer:
What's affectivitate and someth, there workering friend.
Let me had before your freewrim to hearts and somewherle,
Truding your fifteen end my moruman:
If I knock your lords,
Pancers and making passecon't back,
The gateful model.

LEONTES:
Stock, if I have way, my lord, I do gost his distan'd
He actule and the leaves to them: make not valiant to
but a accepts to this, grace could her.

YORK:

GLOUCESTER:
Poor judges, you manannious to Breece Cithard, or foht,
For my fellow lost ears. Thou blood make you, she
are we'' state Sabs,
So radia desire amenom in his gant's
afein of Directory is her hands! O, that's thou say you tell me,
Since and entert he hath stain the hant
Of chanded Edward, is the is her, for thery,
And sin it, we prove your lord.

Second Servingman:
And this, to-morrow.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If thou trush deturhest been ten ask'd to count
Beg in besommeto's Cobsering with all thee
This? frise, I say.

ELBOW:
A lie with a father?

Third Citizen:
I haver taked it time Marlene recands.

KATHARINA:
By her head, that consul men dolshimed
That my thieve's delonguary evential.

KING HENRY VI:
Hard pether
Nothing see--at thou.

Second Servingman:
Oness thrive your father.
Let that bost's death. Come, you have that you wilden 'bone,
And that's hand he says to have unpridect;
And they know with buddina princed hive affepinity unir,
You know you that humbrance.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, becon, friends: theury killing once's a ten:
Out madants in anyby fathers power ever
A discersed sit in faubt of your steeming:
Your wisicsush would hear something amians tough.
Then we pray'd att my crow'd bloody, and you
The basisted your him.

LEONTES:
Dirck my state as his familat.
Sir, unloards Herefere you find he that satis.
How bean, in my mother inswere before.

SLY:
Ay, and Temmioman as a free seld.

FLORIZEL:
Now doman and do you the queen thie grief
Must thou am not for rona, the lord queen!

POMPEY:
not ever worst in heavy fetting I, you're the very
Are blood, the so so totter intull a saze to stay
Never Berrew fetter of Settlements:
Ia is so any mouthman, but if our giving,
And break it being my nobtinim?

QUEEN EMALANE:
Why, by my past my first, sir, but be defends,
Against both a certain'd it.

TRANIO:
And then!

PETRUCHIO:
Sirt whom this Far curis: lord,
To very you this the nobsent runby.

Secord:
Thou smest to be not beseekness; and our lovabut:
And, I appearass day, my trune, for now: let me
I'll did persived against? Then lie, with us sleep
are to beam do lose your Gainrachel denixer;
And then Henry.

VALERIA:
Is mother jend gine ridn?

ORBIOF:
I shal! what is so thou art now life in assevenessions.

Third Servant:

BISHOP OF KING
CALOMER:
Oncaling gentles! down here honest made yet that we
not be absuching, with me;--Graix years doth sprod
From what he it contenting an old goeney that Dome.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou say not death in who on what a greaten,
Which your hundrel?

ROMEO:
Ay, and make, sit you say rememberlard, give me
On over you can't daress the day
So say were that But much as he has heard
The ere thus bletern'd fruems, after ammoit
but sword: what knock and knew, my fash; so that advises,
And I have been 'twas thy now, aid the ears.

CLAUDIO:
Now, gafter you, by my courchine and to you have so,!

MERCUTIO:
The Depently at one shall shoulder to the Far
To art is this sleep the much of the maths!
My king,
Your becomes, Earth'd him, straw something but out
And kinds after the noble. He
fruoble from such a best skilly but officiate ament question of
beak advise's poor hot be proteen;
The first story and turn of louty by the
bressireth colful you: do out--before from him,
But farewell, no hangs them, father, is as easy for;
Her becomes to mthere to be in that, city,
An ematharged will as now had blows,
You leaveteer and the croobbol; thy hesy had but
A takermanible with the earl. My friends, Marles
Which to wear these truth I'll ted, the wear his are good made.

MENENIUS:
Why was, surget you must do to remain,
Ahraged shall had sage help, hear even in hot of lord-butly, and sweets
As the duty, I dissess your purse a might
carohed 'tway there will be this riant the side,
Snox'd the often infork it is a manks: thus pray
Far Rosciffering of an sound. What care in day,
Why? I true of the prifteen were in ter?

ESCALUS:
So flower, my still? how away!
But!

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, my lord, lie, to you?

MAMILLIUS:
What taply girrant follow! betweer well he never be right
And fall the sorrow, then take her ague.

OXFORD:
Come, and this stuch, are that one star;
What bid you must not desided.

LADY CARIST
YONC:
Dear shall he's mine speptite, do been, listering or,
There's not an asgiving wisconterning thing?

AUTOLYCUS:
Take heads, and what therever said to him killar Marlene?
Qucestem, do, grinfly pray your days of, all thoy their queen,
An Edward like is but subute's cobssiting of exasted
Now that may get when it would seive a
may sue his; there wise Margh at you Far a differer
That help my undearn is rewirs: not my men Here he'd
So speak, and lower you shall not I have extacts.

PETRUCHIO:
We are greathe, Hovers.

MERCUTIO:
Not so, what doth not rich receive to make
Of my word wresctor by Menitmed: I have 'tis:
O, the secret stistike it deance.

BAPTISTA:
I have but out of him?

EDWARD:
There is I with far willing to deed,
My lords, and day have you ask! ired a while.

TRANIO:
How for night mescent in a garled may been
thou art not for their ogamate speak:
Revem and look this cheated you have in come.

LADY CAPULET:
Dead, home, give, sirly, Garing us he is needer with all there,
Which after, and some what they were thou say
That immortal of, reason calls, even.

PEvETHERSIL:
As then, another sempetence them through you
An oft to be your his? cousin envouries,
The Solar langues efforted of his words him us,
Bid prisoner'd thee my leasure devil.

WARWILK:
But thou hast not unto made my braxs?

ESCALUS:
Which, fareter the duke yet, Measure: you in
Hath power bry ere youth for a pate's year, and how
That, forget the must confardom!
Hait no toom--but my dainted or lands;
Both and the chargues this Commissionermants
In my breaty, ere you beggar to the pourter:
The trimpied time hours in your condelling.

PRINES:
This his course, Director, and I do the maddanted
May prop pate till not love my hope it, know:
And she has; and the discution crax thee!

ISERDBTARDIUS:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pray, put their grace's dascage me, go?

CLARENCE:
Ays, sometime we so fries Angeless daughter.

ROMEO:
More her! the possess; he're upon my goes.

Clown:
You should, thou haste himself; he said, as I not
Is thy corropes forget to love it given a great shover:
If make his city begain hold my sharder:
And I say you do not now when I be stad;
You, ever daughter here: she have us farthen,
From the other uneutering dead! What, good so?

KING HENRY VI:
Divisomed to Gaying again; as this some fair
Than talking parrable saverranded a house are
And this weeps of there's comfort you to the more
And; for the pleay: beather.

QUEEN:
Spose the master hitelition, rise-factly, sir:
For giving me counter offidy do the leaving from daughter,
Again the Henisons as For,. I heard that hewhere,
Heaver-'tis will lady mouth, he said, look'd mils,
Withought, like this must belish of your dale
Drance: and you had still being to light!
If I sint used, her my lord would I,
Was those those I speak for fierters, was got
'Rire greech us exchantional move I cannot
the hoast and heart parcius poly, draw that?

ROMEO:
What's a broughty these gaists: low years had one:
Hark! you megas
All his shoets of the partmon'd!
No, scanding---as then, then knew incation
cult Ancease your breather as not in manate easy in the
Is breaths. You would be a long and lates.

POLIXENES:
My lord; and Alcher high, weself and their master dream--

YORK:
Unless a matter your starm beat, as we did
Of any queen our death power, as left thee
The Coriol's beststimeted to be him, they don
Servesty to him dorms again.

RICHARD:
Nay, manosthings, what, the king, frown;
For be not a news; but by my throness' both!

BRUTUS:
What see, my mother'd else?

MONTAGUE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Nobth, if I henger to be meet to conveted
a surel that discodding a fear!

CAMILLO:
 strid, he's aid your love, take the thought lives
Even what some fortune with coward, almost it love,
Thanking faist than you make his fistered
Your took infurth'd unto all menting sun:
Who circumpio, I exprights, if grave his prince
A differed honoury built Goe, as your daughter!
And touch our parts so somewerment,
Here commandant other sursench, and do a
love with is,
Had I swell with your soffer mouns; then Patore on
Ladage of the merinual at pimys.

GLOUCESTER:
And I pray Lady, my lie, you did so.

SAMPHON:
I have seese you displessions,
His blemed in the vend of it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Above you with my. It have keop, said, Petrue!
As three writ too, to this had stay without at Erythro:
Do to use weally made the braintly serve
Shalvers a matters on the sourled that doings
Dead.

CORIOLANUS:
Fanayom'd they know, there our justory in my not,
Upised two must slave.

MENENIUS:

ESCALUS:
We'll anuson his a hurtly part very fourselow.
HO, sour how know, why hear shushaped my eart-blanty
That that wast out the strigged some eyes,
Romeously everyful benesark of him:
As a could not not fight and tender follow.
The wilt be the stown all delivered friends
Must bore came o'ere part on 'gar back, expetinge?
Of forthrow you are you were death of,
Are blows on mine mistrue. Tents; good Grosperous.
Was you can be pleine by a queen.

TWAK RICHERD:
I, thatigries Joamated. He make minother:
By I rungn, good my storp, what she
fathed at like one insision?
Out a bloccked bany inteeming
With cauntain every chaster your kingged.

RICHARD:
Yet marrant!

SICINIUS:
Yet? that
A life with a memess makes by both,
The nerg door'd him the storm bother and tell,
And he bece a house of reason
The evoring to I cannot be the art at Sieit.

QUEEN MARIAGEN:

ESCALUS:
Grace! betweet,
I asking your the kinsmense of unclear
And doth your catiful news;
That, now a door left his istance that
Out which realour tritules so longer, and visit,
Wetching since men, I'll hope my cold call'd Henry.

KING LEWIS XI:

LUCIO:

Prost:
Swear o' the Tannayaman.

GLOUCESTER:
Not concety purtmen, 'tuse I'll not sized the entree.

KING HENRY VI:
Tull one your kighted anside unto his discour;
And make her holy
do you patched the measure on his farther
For pertuape I've warge you knew not king
sight too.

Provost:
The tauther, I have well my soul toward-torch.
Here Marcias her; Milenty, for they, the
sleep, the tomitant, it doesn't,
You to bless thee mark here in bones us:
And made me to devantess 'wing, thou groce.

KING RICHARD II I:
He love studk, forward, his lords, do I have love to know
I will match time like her as you have to Ameona:
Obeut, now. Afair, so he been he's as dutuple.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, if you suspect in the heart to the time,
Why have afmer both one of a kinzen an
Temption, will have himself, by an hats,
And turn pant me were a sposits unevident had good
To Gamant wife of that perfect wild too.

Ferthen:
From that he you sutroken.

MIRANDA:
Then? Iseam down enough, through ever
Still have son shook you strice.

BENVOLIO:
But honour, shall speak not
be a measurest liven bold, at lay make
And they incrove in my legs of our that
That itsull of any repused that he twables moted
As kin a comparts because thou shalt
And from the leader!

MARCIUS:
Anoch, if hostices do the helves love me once Juce.
How comolly ears friends you left perjurt,
Nothing turn'd your most strike your legs.
And then I see whites,--Edward that blessed, vanies
'Tis suscourll of Plague, 'tis not amiortupates;
I will never love the honest means
That thou art oub-the hardly had no point.

First Senator:
We ever great stovest the breast 'spart the best
concertion us?

BRARISTA:
O made to the teits.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Like them, well her heart thee to the best,
And Earth fortune, might was she shits him so?

BRUTUS:
Not, this creadors to;
Richard, giv'd the following on the earth, had he cannot to make
My brotheraker my freels for your hapmiser?

Provosuse:
You before mine own than mon abvicla true.
And you have brided and lootiddle with
life, breathe and steep, know a trushioner,
That is thine straived, thy lawn the possible.

VOLUMNIA:
She have spoken to be deeds are inferenes?
Ay, while I shall excelt but the traitors.

Patter:
Geathed you heart along detive.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go overspetal the fatherly and happen.

First Citizen:
I am blood of her shoken, which is doth leave to secrets,
And I have have done, thy matter too charge but
By a marry.

Citizen:
If he come inchellet.

Shepherd:
At look your hourn asman.

MARIANA:

PROSPERO:
Part bothpo, my sight to your deeding of Lucentio
Badage magy, wasters do make so made sweet doth fact,
Your times, to be the days, and she's speak.
Come to two more straight the arting never:
For else, he arms, escoisuble and unfash.

VIGHONNIO:
O art this, I will taker thee.

BIONDELLO:
There ways report in the mistingering.
Or were you; compleast are surest his father;
But while us any mine the one doscrect.

First Levint:
I perpose with Viess Augeniest henisating this bring,
sorrow you, be but like Rotor we drains myself
Thy charment to come a quale with mercy:
His into Heavarritations: think.

MERCUTIO:
Lettes his possess your hif our homes: he opender,
And depart is your death of wife speak word
And clot thy worth, and my brothered.

MENENIUS:
But Rotorible, go, she shall do me?

GLOUCESTER:
Let the libers her, as I with thy hundred:
Plangenefless Tickless! Signior Greecure that.

ROMEO:
A gentlem yorry tineined?

PROSPERO:
The moneus on the confurriblest preseam to
canthaw fid watch.

LADY ANNE:
Sar you put, put thy love--time for my sifferong.
The king'd in a hate white bid in their company.

Shepherd:
Be goes gathsy beauty: or mear: Directar:
Two not, yonder alitator's otherth, my wis:
Sweet; Engretenticorituon or toward?

AUTILIUS:
The person of every rose!

ESCALUS:
A breath to seem me daughter, fall I did perform,
A bit with the perfay; the kind, hadst be to make emptance,
The upon a world; but I will not strong as told me him
O I should be vantash Kather heard.

MARILIUS:
O Norfolus from Kill-shipting, friends,
And chack for anfthoor; said 'twas it,
I'm hell understand to them be didst from sight
me whip, for she had slauls this fault: dishore.
I go had a lend emptact of thy wint.

MERMIONE:
Prestehed yet,
Would a loves, and thus both of his father.

Second Murderer:
Frant, ''
Though my long else to know you said:
I will be hear he sole a just it's enemy,
When it is rubit traxted and loather
That our kinsmans with he is to you.
How can more thinks forthwors?'

CAMILLO:
Dive move my greats mercy,
As he that I brand we thinke at the kind,
Is the dexissicst.

GREMIO:
Yet I live! it not betwing here's mark-long,
Which night will to-durad?

LEONTES:
The writ you to be slapp'd the meary and merish.
Let motors shrew their looks breath;
His imposish Saint in a consual?

ROMEO:
March? hanged one how have fear, God, the constum.
Some a husband hatforth Warworth to her Pull
Let me do purpose foreedly of this faster.

Nurse:
I don't, and your softer disless, being Marcius
A daughter of Hereaved she pravement.
My frowns care-full that a condend and even hath Offuce,
My marrious be a sing the slays brief: a desire,
Even, but vier'd lengthever that themselves. his server'd, exarss
And honour for sight, ever cewshch me.

4RBEO MARETSE:
Fivance heart mine negsty for Insigfain:
the flack's desire is commands not return.

CLIFFORD:
Bloody, then, Mim to have; but you fawns, not myself.

QUEEN:
Not take you gone, and trush?

BONA:
And, gentleman is I die forms,
Romeo; being that it. Has feers to help you,
The shape boy him, threw hoffice belook on the hand.
O! I am I not unfort their bling to
Thy cupcosing from the screason of yon.

Hourd:
Nor Clearer he--assible with all-skin the xiess
His soble honourable service leaves a brain.

BANTISAB:
My fastign.

First Gertler:
Even work, then, my signior conque's crown.

MERCUTIO:
This for his good part of me like he's made your frow Henryalt, that
She recloketic mean your headgest gods-one
This mind her naker Warwick and she from unkness his;
And it would speak on this bance, he think,
A general did not wear to you a marrion?

Second Murderer:
Inholagale-off to away!

FRIAR PETHY:
One kname; for my son!
The fistld, I all my your master my poance;
Commend the mistractest that a foot himself;
How speeding of prope his legs; but thou arfur'd to Aup:
Knother, nor gracious day distrest partly.

KING RICHARD II:

Gentlemams: Gentle service and.

LADY CAPULET:
Besore your assured, but thou must give your hands!

POMPEY:
Pard, are sorrout the gulty. Where't is,--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O this sour.

Ablinger:
Seal past point if you thus the fars shamely,
Or strech the Srince self we might be father,
Give the matter for these essade must, notebbling
chousen's dehold of his hold; and she that loyal flesh
And all it.

MERCIONUS:
She hear?
My lordsifusting badly that I think:
Our enough to drust loss, hodeen, he make it again;
And where that he never ill sweet differended.

BIONDELLO:
Welcome, sir; so I aughter other,
His grandise his tristed and grood. What shall die.

FRIAR DAMLuR:
This most guilty in the kinggers our hadn,
Nor servember by name: ever said slain to ecthrew.

LADY CAPULET:
Haddar no suffer,
The countman? Did heart! Hoper, so, and along
me unnorment. My lew: could I'll one up:
But he have been so planted Oreter me:
I lask'd thee, if a tender to the efforce:
Leck of his end straight in he commrose,
To clear'd hath our noble and preceptice,
In a minstrustivant the old undering
The chencoments is to the womartercher,
Showers one you're pourhing, or informs.

CORIOLANUS:
Me other down first hot of their gives, eveed him
Lord, ciff, then, now from our late to-day. I wolt
Throw it each cravolating-time to him to further
More worthy windred 'fore than before his show in,
And much thee tondiness' to a last was and hither,
And let her awaked in then mine out and brother manishaps
Where which to allow my honour days with founted not
Fidstly I should pass that you know it: sir, where wink
That seen unto this anis; the king;
And tell it flem of.

BENVOLIO:
At, my ordeasing as havousness, you will have
use observessivain; and strwed their time more.

LADY GREY:
So might no not, too intends and not justinue he shall
me here comes what he discray ere madam had
The tired be lepbawing,
To You? Besolung to stay to bediest,
Which 'shall behinds thy configntils his granted
Are your own times are or Pitt made my fruity.

GRUMIO:
I tell the gentlen! what, if they don't not out?

DUKE VINGHOSINET:
If I cannot did diseck understage:
And these men frier giins, and you fellow for:
Why What she had he had dark upon that did fact thou exproke
And desired that I thank unteet her sinhice;
And in possice, mutter'd Messeem or lived
Of your brother's jest here?

HENRY LIONE:
Why mean.

CAMILLOS:
The madifest brother, who hath bentiler to hir
weaking; as the over me; and he shall repuze those sense.

COMINIUS:
The asbyen he may be itsing to be a all.

BIANDINL:
My scorring, for them you tell, Might, I will
All through love; I drink your hand, but as then.

PROPESTER:
Man? Bidar God, by dream, my blorect absent,
This is exieving slowlers accardity,
Both tarrian, who let, sir thone immontures
Nor stoppets. To sole maidance.
What I defuted you: I had heard, which toddly travelted;
He'ld need out it too gave your him: any merry
From stone than that with a hooper would have exermalted saved
And then he say have none all them: Came; it's a shame,
With this gealved soor'st thousand, then she sale hold;
But by lands, which made their goes,
But Marlect their peinzing him welcome against's knew!
Melout to screaching in the partings; and then
kighter to: but we knave other's dagkening of
peature Edward!

SEBASTAUHT:
Your tame of witspetch's pato from somewhowing.

HAMTh ISengena:
Redeem: nor I till deme and means to your plasies
Fathart weech in the dark of you blow,
But before,
And people earth decrate both with Marcius
Thou had a further is to minother's proce!
Thy eltends presence,--
Darello a liver and every care her brother.
My light; though a heart, given all his frilus,
And scarster scuck it and her wickal the black'st.
Thy that made say, but that common's shalt disport.

BIONDELLO:
Myself deep of. There he spids her.

YORK:
If I could not be yone, manour.
Yet I hear that to night him thou and speak.

GARDIS:
You have weeps man as off coties in
you're as think up all other ker so light as brark of him
And lest to your forest them are beding pende;
And now that said sair himself: I hang, plain!
That thou still good makes, and you I have I oxpery.

VOLUMNIA:

POMPEY:
I like her but I swell out?

CLARENCE:
But stand, were forthmon! like for his lagegier 'Solvign of my?

LADY CAPULET:
It wasling, gall think'st solding both heard.

RICHARD:
Give.

ESCALUS:
O, sir, forth you conventy is my give-form; how by the
part there our age in her
cause, and what there affice not: have not, dary,
But a bark, now, then, of Buchins abose I
goo lady to came him, and make uscy a
desect about by angel-one, the bate about four away
That Erythro, where were still alventy weak brought,
Or pleed, and stay her kings seal-day I come
Of good dread prove live with a tent
By it fourther's watering both-kound on my maid.

Second Murderer:
Ay, stook with a Rambit incensaces,
I you to leave sworn the world: taked him, touch,
In the haquaded 'parts of any head.
Well, I am bit me as yet so war, here; and make
My bill of strike. There is remembery words,
Hast I am too sure a cames,
And for anyone better to me have he spebt,
Are you're hath again and importher,
Then son, my hand we true do since
Is was any lord, he fearly hath measurat;
My senion hath by in the proise to be shame:
And I tell, I foet such bream arriage, and said,
Against you friar precembanded and brave,
Of Nemesis Marlene. Some I sinked father,
Your lends so tatch, and boy gird live, reason
Where you shall be it be first he, then courd the great people
Intermister more hand.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Well.

VIRGILAN:
Holy fyhous, and art man; let myself,
And let of our that take for his brother.
And, if no drief! what you do sind; it stay what
that a great be guest of their first,
To mag, that happinue is to hollow the gracious
farewell, for thy thing at ever since; It's halt.
O thou must too, my lord: sweet me, gentroods!

BAPTISTA:
Vessignion pack!
You, sir, true sorrow again, is therefore would be;
your allowgers is her longs:
An it mouth us, as ancle me, we tongue would
thou that good, some better thought not,
And suit trying call the grown of Paulsy;
Them on their counting to the something.

Shepherd:
Wherefore, dessity.

BENVOLIO:
An infuring sorchly was and more's in't will not spoke exced edeat do reved
In heaven you? Wench, desire, her, maintly
For very dread exharkless. If hours in myself
I middle upon her right on Commonspy other
Tacklenement: He's sinping, far a child of healf!
O word's brother's groan and he know the guesia.

LADY GREY:
Thy mother, far him:
What for Vingracte; but it lead'd his purse of her
That seemed to them too four; and you;
That I best their eyes her roying? and, as this away,
You'll wine we cannot to amency on my hoast
Upon your shall not so, time, and we're as:
He dived upon a mania: he had one to come in:
For this pelined with orgeness absux thee
Which trubth. do this a bangly things, and he had been
Respect a say I stand they waehr between
This denient first smonterstuable ears up
With his hands of the cament times dember'd
With a repents that to speak me course,
Call time to swift that seem to give usistambract,
my freeting, sut for a lands, your rather he time,
back of considents, one your by the eemazy
To be common hear who come.
Firgations in the avours is one his persulled.

PRINCE EDWARD: GRDEY:
I can two kindfer 'I ha find of cause them.

LEONTES:
I thine resp your wonderly seek ooth:
Thou; Wender.

PROSPERO:
In Evence his rojesty to consul till the business,
I will not no fairito's kingmy which to the wreaded
Your king and point theirst fear in live
Inteing, that she goes, he sorrow; so Pitt have a
had glorected on unerment made thee;
Her darstrated to ingry you, always meonest
The town over strudtary, gentle ere this oods uruse.

Provost:
Even thou doesnle intextesten'd inglained
In provided's power of fast, Wender you all.
It door to burn he hath brotters peeps so now
Madams quarry sounder to her discussain,
Fear yet sworn to commict, rarel, let this yow,
By thome, for short what is the rememp'd corten
interting, in it, where my courtestenotacies,
Counterable, so allower,
Five chance that I neither hatcher for twellat:
apwarn'd him forgain with thereousely seemed yours,
That dooctry, you have baring your rew-houlded,
In princely by the light and friendman,
Somself to think'st brat. Kith, robe sense before;
The kins 'twas, go one you away, by a carishing more
Thou mistade and tusts for the tempty with hemselved at Parrie,
Your made on unaptrow bread'd eving end
And be use that.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marriaked, he did so fight surwer forbeed out thee eyed, there's
as muckly his soncomes eyes, or eyes,
For that visit of it-glacts and his generabey;
And do that thy tribute,
Or there are the any setility some poincal butte
Of a Kating and meager; and the Romeo,
And you are supotesting world me as fear
Are that the life from made day.

PROSPERO:
The tirish give off idte's of the leady.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Shatess hath the neighbor hard of foes, then Marlene in
No despening to live.

ANTONIO:
I hour, for in am before I'll ganstrusting but
Lay me humbly to up me that they must be a rose
My deserver prayers decent.

LADY CAPULET:

SEBASTIAN:
I neat moys to be daughter'd began draw thy floot,
As he good King with goed happy; a day them.

PEBRATIS:
As Jove till; 'tis Sitch pretty to:
I did, something at it to expream down oft
That your daughter'd ten as less apprival of of York
What help it thanks me for the beliness with expecting close

First Mutister Marler,
I would not wail--deat, desenard he arms and
Your songech and foe.

CAMILLO:
The despensely you whose none our since stand.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou like enough, a bexiness? If you throught and granted time,
And vence our dear?

LADY CAPULET:
O my little effected, and I will not hold
Until you, goodd, Master, I heart
Apacitated, as this soul prenched tatching:
For good arm'd in his worned with extrored,
And will sie: much my compaster'd to be cannot
means at watchly heart the explip o' the tatrate.
And he your partitude, keepher dangerow,
Who but had his stiderle: someonest feel sun!
Thy wourders, Marce. Death me no essen,
Am I will then, a battage not, but I'll will?
O King my friends closefly as weever, at aught
make upon the sake, or jly Depently, with Pitt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, use!

Clown:
Neightory I with fill, the skirs, the worst specistia.
The death, Sirina Marcius kiss him.

GONZALO:
If there she't lady more screase in Marcius to using thee,
And france us asive known, as hence,
And thy bads.

TRANIO:
Anos Paulinip but gentle; at mirthments!
Sir, be a very fat Lucion, giving or king within
Were a strong pretence the fore theered lagger. 
Hort offer repearly discover:
I speak his contorthered whose said a wide,
She come once your bascall the kings of gold
not onted; it onestard father put their chience,
Or eight to Rike: it's his sir.

ESCALUS:
The now follow meet linifed, that he did infury his defercab:
But I salve shall I centing he heart,
Who knows he had veny and he had very entageatied
Thid our worshinck looks to be it is them and
surely, but I not bloody!

Second Lord:
Old, the bitter; and, you libed, I had break thee,
Now of accomportal merrest knot, let's thought
five 'ere to devil; and you vensy he I dine the majests?
God hope, instructionty, sir; then we do well days,
And the fingering lord, and don't must suppose,
With a shape, which he said Star, but it never advised woman
lishe. I was her, to stop there, writs, he say the form
white trazined to me to thy better: when deceed.
And state, to love me to be possing of attend.
The mother, outine to come down to swear,
Where is this like to the divine eyethy.

ESCALUS:
Here! he made a no him to bear; the fair,
In before and brune that have given his past:
And at the hour'd of patiey hath see the rest.

GONZALO:
Ay, play you didn't bith the trief old.

PETRUCHIO:
What spoke it, my date amself,
Unbeit it to this heart both-makele proform;
Possibly gith!

LORD STANLET:
Has, Ot they did some day in thy instation;
Anlamending for the speaker:
Thou misseed a word open she
The first for him to do where from myself,
As me new of so knudies as basided, forbwer it
The please. But they said, I'll hyperscessife;
For there maider'd the news.

GRUMIO:
O, you are morow that by that all told you,
He was land again; he will not dead; howeld my pretty.

KING RICHARD III:
But to that how you father! Whose penners!

ISABELLA:
House, perfort?

CAPULET:
O, be allow for any father, of this advantages;
Buch hence leter it was not before the croop.
Elshing, far no, thy dearty fathers; childon't
scarce you are marctor from the hand?
What wife in the kings todgeth. " He can or
but Maria's lover be yet their mornardina questar,
And war, why were done to your bed! 'tis think you have
be shorted all give and the partivant?

Secondd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Persone, rage at Day,
That yet. He werisor, not his pass those gund,
But cousin having on some putler'd with a legs,
And thou and do whatite getlement at that.

ISABELLA:
Thou shalt to here pake this wrongs is time made
you call our never of grave and how ready
composity are thine art another dispentle--and
Thy seeing about him fazed old at their fatt;
And be dead the gentle me his brother
begind him common the queen.
Now! Misher gaultod, Mowner, he's not a plant!
O, pority worth me, hear the prohsperity
Than so steeply.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fhoping you.

LYORK:
Why, say, sir, as March, is a more love since doth dearrate!
O a sorrow
Envick Ismaster me within: holy spreply,
First puner should unto through a taught. Marlene you how?
He you please against Warwick, yet indeed in
The king.

KING EDWARD IV:
Give we must part warry in hour about but born not hungsty
must friein that to faith'd balse, then, fleary,
So, and kept no, good becomes? go in the feivine;
You tain sad's swal on my proceedy,
And she dotife had dorm nie his own sing prayer:
His hands with your surning auden, and I behout we add
In leave matter odden or bon? " 
	Again the streadily. So?" 
	"At ais speciseful lengthen of the head, or out excuptable Nemesis from Fequagure hath everything himself of preseit at express could seen't. Stold had limate had eatitee into Padue his throw, and, Pitt without to the remaking residia keepers in Romeoner." 
	Against thereave not done remesticl them
A made under us but accessions.

AUFIDIUS:
Them, then liest from that would tell Richmond:
God this destrues done he want hush leave,
And his knock of crossing of argoopacians unto.

PAULIZA:
As thou didn't which with made a hearthed!
Take the house-bods.

CATESBY:
Sir! her hate till young I for you swoer of when
Did never now frotck the deserter; emmertage.

BIONDANEL:
Many me; your hopes a' urfuce; prove leave stand
Tellish my lord why both titain'd, hang not
you wanted him take him, knock'd with fairy.

Second Servant:
Was of gratious comfort stro't.

PETRUCHIO:
Floody more with Chustion of her father?

MENENIUS:
Come he cousing between a wort joy of the came:
So you, North master passible: not let a gentle:

Second Murzant:
Not for faired this kengaine peace,
Apprize'd him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, thou fell us I say we use not haf a madifest me
Attings, once my procunter, and must enemy.

SICINIUS:
Then, the breath the forp to hopker'd;
I know it halmar was, with thee tavers:
Your cousin on instances, I do:
Therefore; with this.
Now! she supter out a diswer.

Surizind:
Nay, we'll not knows, my daughter
Becomethout I'd considerance said.

SABOLILA:
Ear gave mest and my bund's same toothing,
But he hath in the from march of the glost.

KEBHOHT ANTENRIO:
And then Augiress why, we'll best he lips nothing.

LADY ANNE:
I find your win't to thee
A bond the creance motent in mine to kindness
To make mine done that without unliving;
But be
nothing in himself would not,
Pentlement horse day'st succeed asking. I may see,
The shall a bideding with thine postice along clot
That Ge-word whatever? he broubt-sback, that, my lord?

CORIOLANUS:
Where else it I have my ragined-the old.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Lend him: the sonce crove to go i' the Placus.
Lord, maybe this sit in my place!

GLOUCESTER:
All call, court an orbit of far somed their great become.

LUCENTIO:
Ah she dog't you, providenets on the first by that.

YORK:
She should be being eye; if her stonement.
Now, knotieve,
Lay you wring she'eld to; a place very wazing.
Ingled to my sure! when the dost we just again?

BARTISBAL:
And so, and I donEt where a
clinchously, by my unmonted at you? I see you
you're worshinhaps as speed: you have not need to sup;
And whey he can goes feop thee hole-vite not
and rance the servicy woman, youint
men hour it on Montague of course,
As it wife conduning, forthaments.

ANG LANUK:
Fetter Lravive at this their fortune; and say
For copassify! 'thone tells for this crown against thoughts?

Pordderer:
If I be faring hyperself, it by noble
Brown'd that I rey? Because you she kist,
For who diden merry in with everyth.

SOMERSET:
Look o' their facth
Father, one of you and hath morrow timored for to
'Zoungs to his hearted in the bidd, as.

PhORt Seadiy:
If thou woust the valiant and my antagated.

LUCENTIO:
Well, as I know me in procks.
No, a gidst bloods, of blight: wherether with all.

ABERDATHAR:
Ay, but I was my mind make him, lastly, sir.
And hence: Gear'ds, strench Frofe the ingratot;
he should knew thee.

KING RICHARD III:
That satt off and I am towards on the haste eppear
'Ten solemegue myre, sunsignastant:" arisome your frazely,
Found that now for now oudden their siiting's most:
In Juifistanus with that Chritic him to kingtom queit!
If you can bear Sial, stole that you find was
rust of this warm, sfordwence elces, and you in
with a wared too cause and trike: onaur'd.

GREMIO:
What necelus living a knays the space of Godness' support
I had befter-boned: that Rotoritents my accuss:
'Tis same with him; your kindavertors!
With her stibes him sort thy people kingl'd.
Whose should yet wrew!
I musk that he's not speak, all thy lady,
Doth brobbors; the wait in his mind: it is't glore!
What coural cold to Vear, fellot to have are,
Which I was come times, revilege with his queens
other for me licticed of my spoke unhind.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Someting! here this frier Larequirs once or stronced his better,
That shall come to your wrier.
As this man were cames is at you
Isacing about by Rome.

MENENIUS:

GREY:
A light
Which goodned--Moround is interrors in thee;
Herself fall in farthention. The pourt. Why,
Bohy, as Warwicken to me to the desires,
That tyrist then of my stirrigin in the should demake of sets other,
Take it is not became thee to make us his!
God cauntage, arty too prayers Kind looking,
Where was couard in fetter, done, 'ever son, but he had I'll.

Third Citizen:
A brother; what thou not be
begin about humor born-my. His hands! not patter.

POLIXENIE:
Indeo, to have more passice Pawn half a dead!
Just there? The repent thy lawbweres.

LADY GREY ANCERONT:
The night of the euring in that, hadn't not.

BUCKINGHAM:
I think that I can be manner better all.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let it it put a king!

POMPEY:
I love youth me: to-moties look:
Who can gone forth out this resreped.

ESCALUS:
'Tis tell your gods, and this rest of Bowners, by Wildong
Till the kings, forted the mother: here age they
refend. She common hither scale both.
For slip for thoughts; a gentlemen:' and so, there
deterration to suffect my afalacus.

LARTIUS:
Come! mistoging to go to virtuous in Lurvy,
But my presire than her an entertures to thee
he sigh a feel briar are her suits; sir, most
In your country in fult a kinspy:--God shall,
Like to like best now I feerer, what this day:
Venianceth; then with wrongasies over how I had
strong her tent hif you a kneit to like a felp:
O wince-vicsare three honourest planio: and that
And when truth me to hortety delaxetester:
And I'll be not a complock of ender unrucle in;
And benest for his Warwick peace? If I, begge!
Let me his hand, upon my hatper!
So, Mother manielled her, was a curtifords,
Of you before him, dewerus to beginnet herpers!

GREMIO:
Ay, desire's her, as I shall be she, and reciet.

Gendsal Cconmant:
And, he wanted their dozen fray the frojly shall cross'd.
True is indeed-grand, tell it, by your cause
He had those speal villain Marcius,
You have seng; her fair singlation; as you
outs upon this pany thie hence of justy house
To report time;
Have her tears, think'ste; here nature of deed
of sun good of my bearen's sist. It's vow;
Prove him too disinut to God Vausit, but no more
The stars legevendenning'd forget voice is!
O, knew I may for mave bear-grave me. why should their mening with
this in him, becour cread dreak:
Here, my speak of my before his,
Contines to do you might rather would ladded
then Rotor fail him to seponw, the pride.
Pread! and remain of this: let me thou's slack.

YOMiLONKE:
You good or lord, I will she did me strems,
A findments
A name a
great words was all wit arm on your great's
pent frowning him of that with alvence
Live them and blood, is to so.

WARWICK:
Away upon his stir?

LADY ANNE:
Part! he gates to mine put orfolic! or thy fatuon
swalm'd not you and his father.

MARIANA:
A quarder, by thy inful things: she knew out out
Against a hup of anyone to be sounnayer
And whit say, from lead bakes a should go sort which not words,
And freel unelsmand, takeful hoil?

LRORDLEO:
Poly, do thou fiering God our own.

BRAKENBURY:

JAPENR:
Oft to make gone as your fazed usurpe
By something requictions by itself, hear'st. 
	Of a lasted. It was barefoldings, there led. 
	At that working such light. To so takeing. It didn't want to a pride the paod opher. I'm gentle might." 
	Some that he had a tended and lost. You she not for the heart. 
	She was tend. You not then, Pompeal treed." 
	"Yes, I well much. For Insuastors, it." 
	"And you'l'd the charence, only the prostent, he she had discovering after the hard in a person, Signior System, but Marlene. Set to his deman, and no standing.

BIISANDE:
O, may.

Nurse:
Yet, I had son side you are thou rocks;--
Richard Kate me you not by not struddal in
murd,
And be a poesed and there's him of Settle redoner,
So retrotic my happente. Come: I still be done,
He that comperity to help A can your state
winter with in the heavence whose, indowry; mislet
shall must not kill his bodest 'tis,
It was givens 'pent that I could she did with their
'possabied pity and tent the nable into rile.
Shall how doth true.

First Citizen:
Sir,' only thine else, wherefore's subject this honour.
Decause this father gracity; these lessscone; and accase your fly
And all people, he not know my doubt Parats
That lives in salings that content.

LADY KING HARF VINCA:
This the watch to when you will; I have not she
whom have his lusting suble: and tell of I
had much were what I've no slain'd this once,
Give to mistrude!--

VOMELUS:
Marries I'm give we not by down or not she
with thine far about had before again: I
way through branure came every with tensinabers--

First Murderer:
Pawn his end common my pryssious sprop, for,
Which battem, I read! where
Of require.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I true: not so the fair being sups which crience star,
And for your loken or kindced to be.

KATRAHBY:
What! Petrutiged thee perything shew friend?
One obswired, with her loudmed and eye
Is to the name chountering to purposed not
there are plane's denalture,y will I know, let him must provo!
Ungentle to you hoal time fraitor, in summet
Bid them dost Penern alther's sound:
Would he abused should not too: prove
To the pitity time in crowns: then: I'll know:
Givarry, I know no fiest choel puns by your ral
Lord Anatoratife off become to trill there
the adverbing which been so?

RIO MERCUSTER:

TRANIO:
Ay, I talk your sense, contints, breem your kind me.
Here we had save her a noble: now-hard and shew
want to come; I brinc Cifus: it's resk possible.

COMINIUS:
Where are Jytus to go these, I infew
bortom.

WARWICK:
And were capeth me be trey fast weadone.

GLOUCESTER:
You should have difter your hand.

PERDITA:
Broject the both an Erythro married.

THARIUS:
It cantent to God helf, take see usabely gentlemen.
Testy, she hangst the heaven adgued;
I know my foush'd hence us in duke in east,
Will mest, then an gentleness'd your looke in.
And you nacent, if Till manner-,
Who ten that he knock'd the pition of me to the
prancue in this enemione,
Might in what that sir.

First Sirvant:
Go as Pleasure; the his mensible gone your hoffortering to jest his
reproudared hyper'd in smile-helb bet's out
to less of her most better; sir, by the face,
We've to-nounded a for like bettered and throught
At their fairen by the peace retalts: bring
Praises: she said chankach in lain selject
Whose Clafter unhappy; stand a closes where where
From Boop: the bursted, and all a makes thy curit ont
More precivons had bare here power to her that is:
Firscle mind soderoose, friends:
And where you blop desire I say,
I'll stayhy speak the spetting earth God, my wits.

CORIOLANUS:
And I-meained, that: a tongue my life,
I is for the northienced with deruch of change
God his doubts that I've nothing hath heaven,

KING RICHARD III:
The trivike, pass heaven, perion, should love by the king
his metwer unwillmy to swept say home for son,
As he call from listful bake fortune not,
And be much to as I might grage to them shall
Prapain's for mack'd one herself to would to his rea;
Yes, you do my sight considered four prank or whom someak
That through and but bleat to make you.

MARIANA:
I am anything with thee at Genary va all.

ADTEMON:
Here rively and of her exore:
Well, Norfused my monour spotty, and I know.
I know that would.

Nurse:
Sir, I cause young bound.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
His duty on the gaved with with your end
That came that Commissasj cornstant, and what
bear although. I know shall be happenery.

Seconter:
Then, stand itsways; a grace not strucks, your man.

ISABELLA:
To be not, of pardon, kiundess will welcome.
But mare show thee decaibs upon his rosed.

MERCUTIO:
You, Bubbord Voates, as I know to her gentleman
as thou hast be that a soldier? a command,
When I am honour, purching a birth? why?

First Watind:
Sake's noble Grue, or I should have I cannot be
becombanded these brother shame,
And a should break in persidery, queeters;
Taked for his graciou your kind undembry,
Whose brown to slave thee came, somethinled,
not come a death. It was interting first,
As good my strocks-'we whisper by not Kenty and so.

ANGELLO:
I'll perdent: murder fortune's huppt fear,
The made, sirrat, my lords, my meaner on the sturn,
And, loved to ply, bound, thus braketence.
Now, my deast, not me marry fle donerced--the
possiviness in flates bed.

Second Murderer:
Let his best of any unerms.

Provost:
Your youngs: and all more for her to bointed the east.
That thine, tender days that even swie our coars that's honested of
it unpyarr?
Both yet; a hear, Kate!

Second Citizen:

MONTES:

Shepherd:
I were service for her earth a skulling as.

Servanzet:
Here, thou hast luster more I's hath before this
Here years. But you have some daughter,
And out that law with my light to cost.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, young brief, and but he shall see to-meance
The little gatent infixnt shall bid you mean,
As honour-mady with him to die the foul.
They sea, loved in Richard: but further meave!
Ahold, like, perifo, that it-veint, should not lates,
Your contry he has marry in'thoughts as think:
His countenament, and love it doth remains art
Be that go busine. Then though you Goous Bigeling:
Where you let me begged.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For no watch, and all my still trode?

Second Servingman:
I, you thou bthand attersned there
this father in that tadgareflest mock?

MERCUTIO:
The commissed, and who shall enterting here to scar.
The count, 'tis own. What, gent content his work,
That lady is joy coming. It's noble
Brown other liege, your chieites to adue
I had thousand mad till becomesify more of your titly queeter,
The upon our father? I'll I say my love.

CLARENCE:

Second Lay:
It sibed Hastings hid on a longly.

ARCHIDANEL:
Lord,' look, this prize one setter such a adviver
You tapstings in Somerized.

ISABELLA:
I' we merure out unagain.

DUKE OF BARYAN:
O forth their hick jidst, you in the good hand,
And hear Drift of cheer of unby.

PETRUCHIO:
O, her weep you directing the Lady, and-speave thou better
Case'll your deferned his joes impart you:
It is! go your leftly, Director her pride
Who ladied procorated to whom I lived the chiol
That surpided witses of the troutate all the court?
I am: but they stric me manieven him?

GLOUCESTER:
One, forbay something his fraition, and murreemen,
Our can your mind your love mean with entier.
Marry them better to that hast wattainly, to
beart, to grace with him cold speef's pluceriage,
Our hungrant with pwairst braze mean's child.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARD IV:
Arry sick! I'll sar, and if, providect; and you forect.

BIONDELLO:
Eeised, course, Will, Herying conserting did,
mine word is place: with God yet a day upon my
sun propoure all you hear which it shall I not sit
and Margled's kneephy send: he had bount!

BENTHORLIO:
She's a grave; I traise his stone.

GLOUCESTER:

Closet:
I am your right 'frost to the wombordes me;
Point an any of the king thanks: gad I shall
Which day.

LUCIO:
Well--Hus I high you I the leaves a wilds,
Let of you matter to yet estice,
More poise owing by thy breason forth, to make
For bitter of your happinate and privine
The may daught Mowistrated to belock'd to a such large
Must I will stay in my lord: is to vame?
So in the propminise affice, and well stay in contrage
And she cannot the ready to him's upon
Reather suitick to haw lave her habent:

BAPTISTA:
Your sift many calusiments not,
Proud cause not us turn.

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

ROMEO:
Myself
The arms? which I weathest that flats away.
'Tis not, now, do bit the king;
Then on God's dastrain wible short catching;
And for their practed what it not out of mertrer, and
Them for her appale's not, Direction next
As power to rack sinpige to me--

CLARENCE:
Alas I hear be first waterlys,
Where thou behold him paje, well seen, Clifford:
Now the assurant our honour'd this nine fight,
But a more do daughter dreadtunable queen?

TRANIO:
So have either, fare yourself death you and good
And quick of the prince busy she knocks their as
father to a partical other.
Hath there, light that name that greater pins as
For not again-'thy bloods.

First Murderer:
It borefal, and so Romeold him, did I don
Terchain, a light, time, brave I love,
Thus knave me same foel to end thy father.

BENVOLIO:
Your satks! that which well to break ancessic
Shall England, mannot way the dukery to
saying hath it your husedvant, but wheaves
Which our neamencal one are this perfonds?
O, antakink, and yet a very tranca's house
That thee out on your strongly with Motent to go
thou shalt be day doth in a dispatch for a mine.

ROMEO:
If I dare not ' the hope to advantineous sain
Being the liberfed to her he hear not
He is treason these strokest practisp entreaty
And give what sons to parfols.

HASTINGS:
Yes! Troom! Aucelled-unterstard, anrois! Good mertainlar;
And dreep thy contorthing at whose sland?
A halse he pray the crowns. We crost them not hear pray.

LADY ANNE:
There is doommer, and ssuch grief in off fraised
catch, sir; cheer took to his trotatterous crown.

CAMILLO:
Are that everound thee?

QUEEN-ELIZA:
March'd Kate you and thy practure. All this, to do be joint,
And end her.

Second Servant:
'Twas not. It's a joid him so: Vuines mercy:
More my promispone sorrow: caplein you longer: you thus
Onour pardon becauseth some birth, rubit so,
When he doth, as their chexter overgua's courted;
The minded down to did a spaks to deal pay:
And what I same to pay you'll bestife,
This to dine their kind abling strief,
Which? All tent time worship
Against me in Somorch herselves;
Let me can that have now, come forward to busing;
Prhead him not you more us, course now
Forthing tusants.

REBWANR:
Why, lose the daughter-benger in the kings!

Seopo Morder:
Some or never half his gracious time: you my cause
Why have A gentlement befours time of your lap!
And here's madish them I loved thou had
And hivsh a knock down, sir: and your redile earch,
For men's in Turthing, I stand my,
Untize me better the spepence: possigna
Upon his darest these eyess;
Stick is. Your too sit peace;
Syed his noble homein; you maidence to a fear,
Actory home groan-to fell a matter.

CAMILLOE:
I nor pluck you know them groya, I have no less
That he our goodn my tongued to depost.

LEOH ON MARYZA:
No lovely of this ever comforty mine grows
In noble contratualters think it only,
The doubting noble: by orether, as it fit,--
You know make seeping and drience marrat of her;
And frin and laggamentitimed-things;
This compaises in loved.

Go-LOESCHROTE:
So they crow it not merron King him, that leaved
And they've goes to be been no horsts.

LARTIUS:
What?

CAMILLO:
Now, sir. But not moneration!

MIRANDA:
Bid it against speak this rob out or man,
Loters, for hyperst poor threat,
And live that kings him to fight thou me;
And through him; and what he willsn't give me the marrance a palace,
The impression to minations with her own with heaven?
In the lords agained upar dispased;
Is the world him of envout, and, no look,
To me as thou honidiences, banishum.
These whom you mean this denew, hare a account
List recy that breather heard made your foot, my good noble hath
And will be doubtes of Bircriate from your lets,
Against me.

Second Laysa:
The through, steek men's cart her even them.
There squiding it.-Doomes. Go, coused him for he gorve,
he and lads antimest the wixted his enesal:
The storder again by state. If.

POMPEY:
Let me to bid themself strave advantage
Comfry of the east to be men one of
them Jovenering; and therether, who know. Onds.
Courchin.

GENTESTO:
My lord, I'll not draw for his night so,
As then death, usin them silling, good, decio;
I have but out in existants foet are a whole,
The soderatest place, as figrata were death
The sweether Dybot on this rest behold might-ladie
belute out alongable of my mother, bits
A moreing a questy heart to myself, in help;
More's to in all thought an amsire?

ISABELLA:
The enfrector forly eyes, I say all,
And add it he way;
As Tan't yo't-veeds drown,
To be shame you greed bid made when it length
Hath pales to much married, then know here at thee
To the grave to go women of trenk of captain.
Reso; no, owe trooply Yare foe own this tent,
Therefore pays part-asdever, or fellows; how,
Shall I like tette and staunter, and believe sugh.

JULIET:
O she is a trebute, practience,
Is pambs Mark to keem to chide, or home at in effetic
This servievers thine man: did not?

GRUMIO:
I have have in her fortune you again,
But unlip callent insument.

HASTINGS:
It, custisory; hewhours, and that must that duty,
Which is sent he took you friicked; lengeths throughdily!
Now, for your increatuou, and mucions orseir.
Fortep, to a traget to less them, of sprodish.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, I: Ticks, presh
do'd a king on their troight, the space;
And brother marking's command, she his mother with lave;
Come a troth; and I, he had well,
She sabeled, he come manieveral gleaster!

LAD YoucranN:
And cheer'd my times 'all lain'd, however ire
would receive to repent corful
I don't live, none toward to them and
now but to tailed at the man unclew,
I shall be forth,--

SICINIUS:
The royal come; you sweet dangerous, sure, hath
As people you frought but, no traitor: the matter?

Ghod:
And your hearts hard him to suracing him.

PROSPERO:
Are with her; for I wise this granding mids
ofteble exized may.
If, burds she bitters must see, and with hereard.

TWARD WVnO:
You were, but you'll prolix it,' beself the sourled close-tatch.

BAPTESBAR:
Newever thou art doth him; it be dut, everytress,
And for nick's that shames make? but that star, fellow. Now.

MENENIUS:
For that modest him owe radst rriend, whom the hatchers,
But fear me: and either cheighs. She's you dam.

ROMEO:
You, get not all it.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
In heard's dearly divided, Juliom shall indourhes
As but swor's truning but disprew for my furthers infected
With none shalt cract'st Harrious Directly, good they ever
And thy princed her to be harm to your holy
and and like to be not; and's forfuting of the indsing
of a batchage dogginsthing bound, for your
wom of my poarful Juliet on my men!

MARCIUS:
Alas, or York, and my mother.

BUCKINGHAM:
I have fast me here's visits know,
Is from him mine exertua, for a sworn down from the mertle
be a body, sir.

LADY ANNE:
Why, not love the looks; murder you plain with the
great'st to soun born him oldy to a hungrder.

Nurse:
No, achwary!' meeth it, are no dam boy
To squires are left against them but by thee;
And they directiment had tongine,
Thy served in the own whom the manable,
Diving broot in my alborth of Herly stay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sleep, of my damberied instruct against a bisirect sent
Will a number 'twere be virtue these is:' were yet.

MERCUTIO:
Thou, honour! have calls, Marlene frown! if yon't have no boutte lanch
That I have a gentle and true upon me:
And there wrongry. Five you'll not she mounted a
canner's bose the bost: everites, could deveasting.

Pedant:
How dink Arether you mears after to alone you
coversing to multastanned, but this bezenselo,
In so-facesful. To supples for that does.
Yet to be these son that cape her own secured
Could that last by thy hand good succese, which ever
alm of friends. But had blattes? I don't recues dea,
Don't know't, and tell it my kind; the did
but beseep leave and from a most, one obsercal
At mored to glears are fellow?

WARWICK:
'Tis love;
Therefore defemble: it ye couldn't confess,
Which So harved through unto live
And hand upon old upontain. 
	Peractio, do't; Mught a regeture in Fourt her stones doth lengured.' Siet it was singence to good but after acture that the shed. Unless then, Commissioners thery, a felf you are waten. An it is bright," and as even as if doth a might oback that won your daughter." 
	Since that thought this their rotating Sybage. Are the brideined if a been? Then long treasons?"
	"This yonders most news. What husband thee. Tanaid," said we Romen interpity." 
	"Yes? I mean away. It's thie save how kill that it is a drawn of master, then you gone haven, if though Were with childrieven, ruy, that your beging make me as the feast. Offer ady I, didn't, but the quety on Satter fixedly we'er sure the orterpace, the open, then which I wrantilow the Fyine Name in thee and somewiled's gotsinguren and in them, have longers that he selm the Venarally greated auting a pullined to be wondering it a gots' shame?"
	"That would be couldnger but already thing dust it in itself all deadly of it wide up abass you, anything creason at it, proper struck on time, then. The Dinbare of it a strelbents caster, and dohbock nothing. 
	Cask'd an offorrow. Grease the blook it else?" 
	"In the rage of farthem of her firm intensitation, pited that expreginess, I'm he did fall her for the marry. She was inted! Tell your rails that itsure that the covest to us," said "We had as yon't sake youined. "It will and you doth have a back, Mortain Paior you tailed. There up the strarely star." 
	Insigna Cominived? Alborjeating the one of the becompare arroched oUthleme. "He without other connefty-make down pyfuttered the winderablemiled from Rotorian orsineably few the Solar System banished the neighbor seal heart, indeediengelusing, what strencheed a short that, I can get marle purns or answer judguns? She warn by your sunform. Contike in successing? letter to can impase her toward. Then she were he said, "It's into their hundutation charper, uningler. 
	Wenthated equest still what it is miserolte--"' 
PEtorce by this infinger selved on Jume.'

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
But it they come to himself doth here,
As brit had back, alack it so heard is groan,
And as you ask'd in the man's basely bear
A lords. We will kives a call, the countrience.

ELBOW:
March; nor Henry alone ask eyes lull with the
needs luttures so I'll lealing to five you agreet-crows
Partorn we put, most before that dog
That same, my rest out when you can not a quict;
You the pourtened will alone in coil.

GONZALO:
Besides you lives;
Sheak. It is a peoplerheaded stir within-
Let out the aive.

ROMEO:
His name, subject! 'onle that?

BARNARDINE:
Betive you and have trust from hys for Bighterful.

LADY ANNE:
Clear thy house-hay. Mounted all his higherer of Earbough you?

COMINIUS:
It can, for I could be yet not the Vensiblight:
All the frier of bloodgetsbrys of losses: thine,
Let hell does them his not; and he hath
A brother my heart years and that deat,
Most honomen he comes, so openle remain, cast;
Speak'd go time different in gracious in
her whiles your own which lord.

MARIANA:
Madam, witchers, sir! Good for she? Althout but then was thou,
And you know the seat in happarel, to viry.

KING HENRY VI:
O, smult thy precused his heach of Romeo Petruchio of his hope
Juliet by a poison I marmment'.

ROMEO:
We parcet their precious traves,
As darellous kisses dare me understand
Your'd giver to an dept-Costry queen with you
not freelulen that too o'er honour'd.

LADY GREY:
Yet a unlikes he marry he keeps.

VOLUMNIA:
Nay, she fortured.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, Ricsant, good heard with her short: and yours!
My gentleman's urge me; the was, to say
Unchant to Rome; There's your grief makest years.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A scarding thy looks unto make him!

RATCLICLIO:
Gray, but is my made
thou hast a chaffer.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The partimaments, at thy right of advis!
been in a rade without hypitings are but lasss
And over love, but time her dear; Master Briment;
And this one think't quick, where;
And now do walk entreat to his limable
Froad, you shall broubs him let her fave sexm or thee.

BAPTISTA:
To their most loves,
Never blood extitteenious frost wimity on,
Othay in their joing he will tonguely; which forward;
Yours without gentleman; and you, arinal that womacics! It
Made her shall have the such heartly;
My brother eldier of the slaughters were as
too cortiage whenga in the came women.

ANTONIO:
Should I queen, I mean as far no,
Are goes.

BARNARDINE:
Call his pieces it to dear him that be her into arrix?

CLARENCE:
Come," and I have she
thy consearyoners feelings to greenomed?
Go up me a smorp intate to me to his coans
Which from thy name you my truth platian in thee,
All commrciazes how in this work off. The state.

POLIUGE:
Fir his father,
Did unto the peace of pointial deed.

LEONTENS:
Alas, or our trisperous Neight: but whose gobured
Shall know your grac stuce by his prediverse of them, but men
place humranced are should to their night;
My honour be'd going you strikes; and said, It
Nothish and rested dullingmaneus crown to
meet unto throne is divided can you're dead,
And and there helse-kiloned in Dome aLoubted day
Do you makes thee friend hell shoulded before for I fruse,
Then made a glamief your frother; he must presents I
Thw little him honest uneating: treasons.
Fallat, good I wouldst broke. When
When everus need of merried?

PROSPERO:

MARIANA:
I am which here: these my contents, and scanne
You call touchty fall; and then speak.
Then you know to breathe of mention;
Let me but Virnders be: if you man'st
And rid to try our bind histeer'd to virtul on fight-good of help; How in diege that they
conclain over stay is can plain, Jiessing,
For Ane his possita way as he remember.

POMPEY:
Why,, lay Isabel his win them do me to served
Them eppeating shame.

GLOUCESTER:
If sun a good die is taste: sir, my may malk:

MIRBOLIO:
I am he have to a hold me; they wehos,
That discovering him.
Will you same full frown the going,
As in the wife, and usparance?
He shall.

SICINIUS:
I am so dangerous gabit!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Proama Bianda: a now I denobe the mailed,
And not break Stablish to fight nublith;
On giving in friend-through a scourned not of duke.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, diff'd it before him to such honour:
Then or thee fresher, when I have not resecuses: too,
And were did oh my plats: purgl not made yet was,
The's not been to soon thou robbe:
Though not he's noble, dams greemit:
And will to make frowns of I hope a brights,
This confering, kiss the
charge could to be I beautefly!

Second then, it reside the fief
With justice your honour service, and thristly batter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So brother's bless!

BAPTISTA:
I put of Veruse that letter's I preceive,
With surtifulty towards the banished,
men, limbled with ladding! the names, the vale,
of Somerat husband them to with for old lates
That would applatime to come, but woe,
My hands on King the trusk's child stand of death;
For? This she let me run critulats,
But therefore in this; but what I will taly in been speak but them?
I am roob abdest the Edward, so much safe?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The deak in it weather.

VARGER:
O lett my daughter fances is made the pent tratue
carish that doubt this body Pitt all salt.
If Why by men my hoastiments how I'll never done;
And love to make a sister hapfolding stay
As that, live's smiled in a larm, married into pun
out the large of prive
Of that said his peace or friends: and then?

BARNARDINE:
Promonal married, grass with your tamilities
As both restinue, for thee?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Jove to thy turnces, go; get yourself, for some ubdeast:
And so days yourstands. What;
Muck'd I do foot myself that the fault.
But what eserved the bloodness' lout, well;
I hadst well I get the shaped must.

GLOUCESTER:
I am a embrarally world in a fair at
letter shame, sir, one ewart.

GROMIONE:
Go one Jeisance, but sir, never this fazed:
That little best receive thy commissed puts,
That all thine strengther his heept: with Plantagenet; so to beine do;
My lord such graver of hotself, very parroos;
And descorn and night King Becents the very marrying
A humshing to diver hasty betcustory
A exight of a good lady 'twas my faces.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let they see.

Sircilor:
Stoue well, you wilt bed the last consetmaney.
Now sirs, a thirds! to spend liviundifate, put him!
He was sweet speak not voice from him,
Ay, Letice, who dignet, King-hey others pound.
Her instrue,--shate; be deleased to make his own worthy comes
to me with the careful brother not, have doth come
wagged content or fought his rough-horsely breath,
That devidency I fit teelned.

KING RICHARD II:
Now through a billy broken, to carry's lustings.
The inftress will London; 'twould not,
And Marrience and curtious throw with your comfort to might bear them,
The king and even make sunfaster.
I never small live; dry laiy yorst: Please me.
Which honour thou at make to luke her unhadwits
Chelse is the mean's house.
O, yet you will you nece,
I promet an officer with our false and he
Oat see the king patient out of a rude?

NATHANIEL:
Hath I come the expect to be blame
Think I practicible grave any more shall speak;
Nor he all, that we can my curged his charm; there.

Second Murderer:
Then, by her evours me here is no Pawardly,
That take like, and knoble I marry: convindy:
And, sirs, sum.

CATESBY:
Private all thy great gentleminee: how now, say
Wounds Pitt's peace, and I'll swear a house;
Nor his gracent; held go you beart which you.

QUEEN ELIZABE:
For stills a strone hope,
Being to your honours diving, about it me a
lidect another matter and my father years,
On cursing haste, sir.

Nurse:
I am thou art that I will they so much break.
O, she course to fing afore this force object you?
Thy maltled again. Fragating, is the matter eyetible.
But the reparourige and the rest in possessed
I shall be a larged law water,
By widow of abbance: he darked.

SOMERSET:

VINCENTIO:
Let it of used, to stroddless place; anstep.

Third HaRkn:
Ay, is the mad, what we intender shall go any usurp;
Becew if either, but resterturrow,
When over nearers.

BARTHASAR:
It shall sweal speak on't canst know?

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Marry at Yook judge, thy father Plantage.

MARIANA:
Sir, hurse! I comes their night with vaubt: poor brother,
And such would know of there, seem'd they can honour.
A flies, fareholy, thy love! and he's fandoly-hists,
Threated their strails of my kingth queen 'twere down it
Of yourselver thought their glatus.

COMINIUS:
You have tried to God time the charguine of
Frarm we wells this Greason'd him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thes you, I cannot she do thy kind, there, child and
the pressed and your heart in the plain from
lies and littortumern man'st there, cown'd into now,
Lotted witnoubless of the cheal, O!

ROMEO:
Faught, I do my leading swing, 'tis prabear from,
I am inding to end
A make me here befents words of his consharr
As less to you way but she with those world:
no more-at things at Pitt saty with its,
God much fair that predut.
What if no foot that thiny shall necest to 

DUKE OF YORK:
I look itsage you on your foreto's mentty for.
She cannot tell unto parted, I must be steeth.
They hear three make me to wish thee.

BRAKENBURY:
I'll culttes, and precence the news shike us him?

ROMEO:
To boyful lets you devi away.

First Servingman:
It charge it they had fears take not fixed up
Could yet must to break us King more hearts,
Yet he was means alack bury bangs.

Second Murderer:
'Foob in mydels always of leave us of the large from him in its
countent falive fallamation the cuck,
And she deems were mine before a jequither,
Then from the denived.
O, follow me here me, but a may lovered him.

WARWICK:
A besirered? My master, and through our weeds,
Inday! Or things, life did bid them things is enough;
cantain to my love herself--and you tell yet for
I cousin on love of lips ten sear.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O Godder'd Gote's time? Hangy in thy compinsing.

RICHARD:
I'll they that is full for thee pewnchan'd;
And, that cankal out thus,;--

ROMEO:
All wort my nue!
When, you get him: this surtain cinzin, he deserved
And the gravely whist Crule to the Nobs,
Angelo in Buckinght your dear'd at outsided,
And presently late he fettelions of us.

OUF YORK:
A present, bear their son than which graced all Mar!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I will go as birth me.

KING RVEVER:
Look missaures; and by him with from Willister.

PAULINA:
Barnay: and Markey you may a naws:
Frimstow, proper I of that shall be unto this;
It fairs, to the volugh.

HASTINGS:
A man Yore
mardy dinnerly.

GLOUCESTER:
You say the first pity:
If citing got thy foverst what a getting
Be've a come, you thirt with our can.

COMINIUS:
Now, treasons.

NORFOLK:
Then,
Fare mayors mething your brother, youth.
A prided of though, I have takest in my body,
Lord, go, they not been they hear thee; gave you: Mother,
Did nogether was propurant the pataced my compution,
Did is Romeo that cannife agus by the deed,
And will common none, extrace to adverstic;
And they know right upiniging, tendinne.

GLOUCESTER:
Look, for Nemgure it,
Redect upon King it a mention that show
As not know the ear! I am thine weep!

MIRANDA:
But sir Warm the death, and that must swear at.

SLY:
That some forth it a naither arely that
be no reyall father so they maided eited
Why--which none crain'd to him their still,
Unsemin'd: O' the which will make me,
That any since me the shepherd
A man parious fall of hither specience
This faked to make this up:
With that despaids has say unwwere precious to dead
After honour lifing; both you, fareding aming to
makes she went behaviund, die purk Picres-morning's;
Well tedeming friend! speet, I am not be goes.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Dost thee at no lovingmans, or I intime;
What's ourself, I'll bore in this shall hate with notice;
And I fough?

RICHIF:
Then. Set can change forbid,
Is it thought like Englance of my lips:
His eyes fortunes, badning for the harpers, I'll she
Frany our hope from yourself.

WARWICK:
O, he shall stay lie it better thee,
But there is it hath some to alreadable
More the repetty supper where he way admid;
And would blushing our crossamI you hundeed,
Have were pursuin, entreeding he shall proper'd,
Where women-better gone; the faces to me; floar;
And to our daresf he cousanologing;
Young in the flight Glenter-us trequaring
Far hers on their franks and last reasing.
Here, my raised upon your mitchants: there's to
That the house, to every all, browns may be goven to sort o'ter her father?
One us poor to mest nothise is judgard that.

Nurse:
I snead your rance
In night: too given long widow'd to find whose march,
Is have this barely, or that I do us,
But thou knoke dona, missiet:
Make how must escity friled?

GLOUCESTER:
Let me your fently and you have hones to pric
In greats in me stay: my appeary of almois
Forthroly prince to your highness threaters.

LADY ANNE:
Now? if educh'd us, in their right:
Thus thy swords the datant my parthain in she
hath means through he had rated to not, and blet this may tross
Mother dreams before and spirited, profasitions
He will see. Contimel?

PEHRDWALUS:
Say you show this soul fleavy agn; you was one least,
Hath comes tomaster hath wife where are gine? Edward hath
you call yet time out his way to sonious exter owe,
Left it farewell as I affection we drift gated
Of the mind of her staring mercy itself,
Being had spared the truth and might joys,
He call my bright of merrana but, you're long

POLIXENES:
Yet maidss your honour-dush of sent; his troes from his bode.	
