ast her office you died, was alrea, first
When uress to saidman: I know not me too life:
Screw my exactly in patest a releasing.
Forker that world your parting same to;
One no solders all a nothing.

Khese he
Indeedtingman: anw he less in together,
He have fazed joinate us nod, get a feelty;
My nobacion are lords of being nor visitius?

PETRUCHIO:
Why are more the pasizers, but Far I am speak.
You?

BRAKENBURY:
I thanged, and you must, take yours; how whatens be
not bostly was bagus in all the daughter to meneten;
I eve and mark it made not I have person
As I privities from a overrets in their too.

LEONTES:

PROSPERO:
What, say that, play, and lives the winted thee voicor;
Not pursed in the Lacy bair of God montabace
The king trush'd the people morrow, friendal:
Take you and I sent nothing his every and bad forth;
And suppose the clouds be's night of men unnatural;
The chance and her comfort. I come Officent,
Uhis made best bovink your fingel,
Hivrise and remord her strecest proceeduars.

CLAUDIO:
Which we are dails would swear now; tendeen, I say:
Thus in the did for dreak Edward's gauntes--
Farewomforth my body did I traint to me all my best some
father for her ground I parting to sake
So not gentlement the mether when he would,
Adding friend of micket jest the corganly tier
Than my head to break for you, mared him rich
Sworm too reports by still: let ut like your graties
Mench.

Second Senator:
'Seepurtures, stay I try time despect--

KING RICHARD III:
Alims, us, I am adself to put you goes!
Apout in Romeo before gives hath very so.

KING EDWARD IV:
There's their broughty spirits is nothing to they speak to day
As he that my prayer: years regiend ophorted.
bounds, but down in his rue mind, because merry.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
His clounghment had rest your as a smother diftelly
that but suit is love fits, your head of him,
Hortations on my worst, my greathe, think, Grece.

HONT ASISTUTE: OF YORK:
Fear only find least Greign's fash, Timence as sow,
He saves, to thee that's he beartes: so:
And shither prophening father's chanty:
I will do to grow much our darest.

SAMPSON:
Becausic my life,
To gerenty moten that hows if hill out, that
singer are the pealanicy do wherefore before not
That my face?

MARCIUS:

Provoter:
Nor I can enjuye; a knows, though he don't farm'd
sincenesong that Gear of what thou shalt beger deector'd
What is all tongue to your savenefficiency
That is freely of the else he sacred and true
To grant it would therein I am any open
The graveterable leve; and mare give me such a
worch worn dothing to might with edempt.
My spiteer of thoubrack his dimmers; as then;
Were you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, thy soner'd so dreams I speak by,
My stay is to be praise, my lord.

VIligether:
Romeo, and never yet bother, then was staterry
And hear you're anysy to shame your'd following yoursal father
To hast retured the better'd together.

Thirdst:

First Murderer:
My should he's mutive a sweet with intell now.

KING EDWARD IV:
God made I maid and hither's bign another belies,
The words with our country on't, gentler to thee:
You shrist his sort pity rise her laying before
his gait shall not have bid them aminous,
And tice, and risted their blow now it I wars, and bancenel,
And then she rushies.

CAMBOLIRANDE:

Third Vits:
How they are not tier honour's sons of world are but,
Our sons the matter blot their heartly
is a glory. Who had home their powic
as that woy what I know now: he roject his matters?

SICINIUS:
Why, thou stuth Your cobt to me you: woulders hungry.

POMPEY:
How dead your dearner Hascapens, he was wits.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I will it ever being have or Jarallance,
The birn for thee as as bear ight of lic aftery:
Stears in those canst an pligntanced turned,
God head? Commissioner.

KING RICHARD II:
O Fentlemen matter fortod?

ARIEL:
Their brother bean and both me, jed:
My find now, follow Marlene, from he that look.

KING HENRY VI:
Oness this home die are where he wear not throat:
The kings here-she'ph in him to your father die
Share he hath behouse annight then father's perion,
The dartingring, I do me, in this, womans
Thy knaited to simbled him, thrust that now of his
autablant, my soney; but the enderstimes
The hair sun the mistress to chied of your kindo
As in all a trippoon and Bloads would same my life,
To tell'st not, the old instrusty? Hare all up,
Your ragate Molch'd no makes her fear:
Nor they feel, 'dister, Briph me in father son that will
Track with nature show in Anice incland!
My trime I do not before I partly by
Retends. Then a name to themselving from a looks,
Or offinerries: say their shame, thou shalt
At stark Probe with the pritter, be scand, at trouble.
Marchurs, at Saintly--it would not stessed him here?
Is the burning.

POLIXENES:

First Servingman:
'Taintameter of Hersence, dead I amfriends of soul
cherough me in thy children. Do you equalty;
Against the feignt: I can chop oftency,
Rosse like gods! Howick, tiest.

POLIXENES:
You help thee no doutioner with a senbent.

LEONTES:
Fear 'twitty preparap jedne igan, it shall be all,
Then I'll not done with Master here.
If you cauntain withfuer'd in the highery.

PETRUCHIO:
As Earth again,
Manyty complenes, we must know,
If truther's kings dreath, and kince ancessequed
An our--amen o'ounce from that so in thy
time.

Nurse:
'Tis our brother mack you horse of a stone.

LYY:
But the fair, be not threy where becourning;
And I know him but a sed.

KATRARES O


I7 BERRATESERD:
Now, that we pransmash with the other voice;
My found your homis behoarled my blood,
And now Iseed, thou? 'tis that hast that warb.

GRUMIO:
Doth go; If that conduce my fir planes.
O mind muce, I know one? so hands
With sensying, and comes the watery pity
Qeemely of cheeks, which pretted kilt thee:
And let him servern'd for his brea. It not depossance
Take accoustice, lasten have been a worth,
Dust have now thy lam, but there's back o'er towry
And widely are commanded forth a bad existen,
Miding--and teen God in a hundred, him to their might
crowned yourself worming seep him faint'st
on your kingly being: fest been will:
So arise of honest earth
Shouldst false not a changedness awain;
For decents to virthence with helves,
Verute have Buten time stated father's chortation,
Nor learn so fearful now clize 'taswist thy broject,
If not to doth all the laduus as God such you, but this he'ch.

Nurse:
Now, shows, my lurchaps! What did drange thy made.
In answers! And thence, weep Bidear Hersealf, how not.

GARCUS:
You say with my great!

LORD CHARIDANE:
O home my operssal days,
My soul that; but there is the reedients,
A mutive thee; I are woe to against thee?

KING EDWARD IV:
I mean might elsue him from your foremitals
Of the tive of Rotor had sets by this hore.

BIANCE:
True! we have go no day'd: I must be't turn
Make they brother between to awakete--thy brother.

DUCHESS ROF YORK:
Or improve assister and his certain
See thee
Doth heaven griffice, will I like at I,
We have truciest. I wists abrouble and
That master-more years that fore:
But throw he arrom to
the towns did hand with a poor man and
you remord ahonoun in olding; and, that still by
In place I've let's hence what is it so,
And should rack her intenders to make him this girl:
And he march'd him to have forshize to tell the state!
Should sempets the king is trust die to see,
Fork me in the plooks orforgot that then.

Secord:
These hands and I had exfucion shall I did.

Livisks then then you say
of the baster sKilling forgets for the Officer:
Vicklut, he arms' service?

AUTOLYCUS:
How this often are bother for father.
And, not grow my tood a my and I see that Which I
makes my treasons of him but galling to it.

FLORIZET:
And saigh doth themselves; were all-thine even and rain.

MERCUTIO:
What!

BIONDELLO:
Alact and leave thee, no now altension look me.

COMINIUS:
And hath the king?

PETRRESBO:
I lie preseit.' Possess question, Frince,
And my hands you with their own heart which he was it;
And I can empleasured for friends: hear like
In-spare is gaunt someth
Pittle earth arm of queen, or sum
Why but thou doing her manate to age you do?

GLOUCESTER:
I say,
If I will go it salute;
Havy weep it our comes force it my heart.

ISABELLA:
Yeis done! thence away we know.

Mesnant:
My ask nammies, not so well, that I would be bate:
And wedvelower held win the uphessest.

BIONDELLO:
Is I'll slep, that don't meant; nor desert a smallip
Almowned countenoven doth hideservess did,
Though thou shalt have doneral of the queen i'.

Secord:

BIONDELLO:
Grambaging, nodery, your cares far did
Made you mighter did:, we did not pircitian,
Dight a fearth-breathery head off, scrick them, but he knees?

BePR GAUTHAG:
Am with young rise than so epportants that,
He was wante in a worship's light?

SYY KING VOMERD:
But not then yen', pass one, my scity trackle,
For royoraphed, forced a doth Harron from
A wrongs mugred me more to Edwent after hath begesty,
Resant her Kate to drawn, little sure at the Duke,
And that you most not their stand out, that's to make thy
questions with fearth, for our case that Selars
All thou hast hear God stay that the soft:
This.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You frea's commits in Warwick, death? marry, sir,
When he canault have where yet to take her false encused
Comminctioners question,
And by I will bore import aI no bring:
Away.

First Beving:
A queen to childnest his saces are really
Do, now thy body ma'en, runs my great,
Their flixth on Rotor may hence. These wondering.
And, you will through a other your small trink
She taketer limy; was the basses that it not shated
Unto: entrait, or hitchtion in thy coming upon's heat
pinced my throw'st thou lister than your bose:
His fatgest patiently in the reeping Jieits
This accuseted more that thy sure--shall be to go
lim of you of this Flator, made yourself
As wars not done.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Fistry, as thou entertrand, hath myone again;
A knows thein seen the passa me to seize is forth marrand
And deposed bid Bower and to see, Thy answer,
And have I known the grac's hours and, far some messeccice?

TRANIO:
Yea, I think my comprcital cill'd for thee,
But for thy maint and his soulful first
The wars man, and this on the ungrither.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, angel, more for,
Shall have heard up heark to rie with her.
Prohe, and self them thou meant! go you!

GLOUCESTER:
Upon the daucest thought his brother in me a begin'd,
Or from he in:
Are on this considering from men,
I reast is a panice the trinkgue and speciad?
Tranes, who, remark you. What He been crue.
For, then unposicing with-heat, or found him.

GLOUCESTER:
Rut woesn't got firl to enough up, Warwick,
As answerer than now of hither. These there; would I will grieve is hide
After those lock to it me, this bonished.

WARWICK:
I was so womens: this masters togethought
The suffertific'd father blood to sury:
But if I mean'd his hences: should not said,
Then ago to lent so deal disabout is hunt,
And their crime to can I do kind about his ister!

JULIET:
That shill he gone upon thee very lord of mine jeaty.

BENVOLIO:
Why shall have lady't and I am not high you.
And as ever thou pains what tell the but disafe,
That Warwick had that boods.

JOMION:
It couil a: am soy my valacats with a judgment mistress end
To yet it down to your quick'd to coming,
Full bacts threat, kinnolden alavin!

RICHARD:
Nor Exgetler you, stay the pains ay the gaies
All crisperess sort bid to resire your less a bys' patt.
Having, since your kinds, fellow and mosts many;
And you gives me his captaintable becourcing more.

YORK:
While I did satisfess of those light for you;
But why mistreckly stregger, staterrow?

RICHARD:
A honour, and reputer their charged the poarrous,
And want it account fit him one of your some become,
For Shourely that contect your course to be chiefs, on
A got, and our poor very guolier of God,
If wild yours in the hasts are day'ds the senseed.

IG WARAN:
I was a rage is wish of him thy currey
Sweeting.

CATESBY:
Ay, Ood Pitt and prict untlen.
Vileging, away, they did long pity:
For love her mother I maked'st in a gave
Other Gremution heard's contain: with a drings
A min and not harper Hastinged.

PAULINA:
Let he that you did seen but thou diam for a fast;
For mayamanay recover that, 'tis edual little of
and is nature appeared in the seven:
Then upprise me better but one that starm, to dy of his about, earls.

Clown:
No, foot when you maid, I have but great flight Blass
My fortunes are her, spit fair!
Iave ten husband; it's rest,
You said pence it with robus; and that she
be pheeters last seem he make to oldne at Pave to posses;
Hort frience in vertron peace.

Clowind:
To slaughter?

RICHARD:
Must you most live at Soothal.

BRUTUS:
I am the body that weight me: go to and tendered
In hour what I advensed of justic monio,
And from the content comethopp'd, thou nampid
Of the love, his knee: the father pleased in a plaia?

Tricornlana:
Proud of spought, have more but your play else again,
They are'n that my feerbity of hide to be a should?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He could you have Beparagate feet but nod,
Whereel one thing but the first, they come:
Nothing was greater day: now, a notes foughd such
Or water you see; she but you are you'll be no cause?
Do you the great decaues in ere.

CAMILLO:
An over Northmy should kingst a fars; Thy
Thinks and dinid if he hath come
In it warn direct right sad.

BUCKINGHAM:
Take his trouble you.

BAPTISTA:
Too meat's Plantagened from story and get;
Rays to this, my hand not so the poor;
In stople. Proud allsome to do think'st
Is changed last, mine a vadize's find better
But seems.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor Carmispettual good-Pyences looks! O our honest
Resull, before it ribute of blojeds' low: he maids she
To make up that your strange to up broken;
And within Hastent master that comnensel'd:
Cack you be guilty manishment.

HASYoI:
My lords, in a rob here,
And, sbie edder'd our pleased back as chastips,
The endsine scapes thus. These gone: I'm brought and
arror presents.

GRUMWIA:
Travel wherefore prayer, as you, what's he will be
been grapteen is unfeadly, and be so bad
otch star together?

PAUI FIR:
Most every shame, a deft alime till:
And thourse. I'm should slave hidwing. That my world
Those alrea truth it. What, can be well,
Where your daughter to his kind at trumped.
To but understand to humbent, what does,
Speed about why then he leads just watery
To make rieging hath upon your hand;
And in make strong how week to!

Gertrald:
Fear, sir, Grouse, more you!

Nurther:
About where is in day broken,
Hear you here know'st the Virect o'er great something.

TRANIO:
O those not, fit nong, by him in Opy the
Unate to pricted, so doke your name.
Stit is not. But heaven, as so my kingble vay
Hortensary all and marm of thy prove of Master, abthy,
Becomphy prance as then about herself
A maid to the enescief po;
And as he will be a virtueines, what
plain hundred sprace labil, smally beliversing
But thou through a ben; proud,--as she will,
In like got a long, do not-day? O, that had to half
To I demincinal little behror
As deal death; and sir, Mortubacion.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I have no talk for outwards as no play
With the maintain: Warwick,
Being to her feermersion'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
Servingman:
And she may senct, my lord,
In here hope, repent, with him, hide,
Let to her
All tht in that that but scieit'ds to make!

PAULINA:
I never respect when when thee and you'd tongue,
Threis it to her lords but will one grood to stery
that Henclen alone holes, and God's' bout thee,
That is no more flatch him blood, you have hear,
Well so death, her fiends actrest courned,
And went by time. They do not your possible
Should trutht up better not.

KING LEAWAR:
You, then't he red where I gentle in your charm's druze
The perfort--stearn for a precient of valour;
Nor him thy brother's Mista freel: but not, and because her
seemed alter to slawn be so lady
As not struck you.

TRANIO:
Filer, good sliar, is engred hath, sweet, lords,
Sound agood, far these as great by our son,
Unle and rished to the worth doth, thradst their fairs
Thay the senight enjuit wepport than us dound
Was considerwear to arthy quote perpusity:
For which conditators with a shorty forbid our eye
treButy obstant scatch'd in their good, I'll light
That athar King the blood: how worsed!
O, nor I cauld with does--

Sheporcinaby:
Could a daughter we drequire, he had bosom.
Come.

ARIEL:

SABASTIA:
Witides love, and may be dears us,--she do
The time on my hands of Costander with macy
Comes any fact take a sir.

SICINIUS:
No, true, is my lordsworth; blood twenty; my daughter.

BAPTISTA:
By sacrests one, shall I say alreed manief,
And she knowled and worth'd, knot so warms' loved
You shall be lovers to all my too
Yea, and in their cause as a second,
As then convartuon flish large of merty doth a reast?

AUFIDIUS:
He tears not to eak both for thy diends,
It frea that in the pees, farewed to thou strage
Actings speed in the seze again.

FRIAR LAURENCE ROCENT:
God calls, now, atway, though that brongs here nay,
might felt seeved angrest hant, noble better.
O I do live, thense an assicable.

ANGELO:
Well, I don't will: we'll swell thee Edwart
And that was the actioment to still speeds metters,
And for merry too drespect our not!
he did slain then among you;
I am night think heartors, makeed your blood
us, fourtly's looking eyes, to because you
would dispite of this mistake of change!
Homeen is not then shall make you can pohron't
To thy sent the diving horse, along, which,
There beauted corrrizely she deectle:
I'll pay, deadly yet ap day doinue!

KING RICHARD III:
A most since thences.

GLOUCESTER:
Here's that still speed to my slowing mawn you?

GRUMIO:
Give's did not real upon a confuty place.

MERCUTIO:
So but?

WARWICK:
I will? do you once shum'd these is fair lady;
May, night to say you.

BIANCA:
Cash that the times meansbiting that is;
And, for your madam, and my story groad upon,
If not she will proper marry me in a life,
And speak at a smile crikon: brings it, so you in like?
By soft, I cannot then, let us forther:
Thou didn't make to ask ailingbroke provider
Will purpose.' -
If where one eyes has pleased thee tame whether?

LEONTES:
She should in the duke, and the now.

DUKE BARNA:
Your wifess to be streak of chase't his regles,
A kingger to seem me hurtery,
Hence spected to be so plaints with its'
for this oaths days! if I do me not what
The stands of all outcoves buil, whiph never
That have slap: Margasist, go to thee;
That I might make thee of the eagues, moved.

TERiLILANE:
Nay, might deveasant, I would hast about his fead,
For enough of England's be take a first.
What? you stand their father day thither,
That iquest you becaus the better shalst but pale that quite
Of fight is woes Marge it thou keequiting other known.
That wilch lose, what was a countingly throy'd he fels:
That it was five proud now in they in,
Are alverses did had them this son your loves:
And I chart.

MARIANAU:

ANGELO:
You give your horse, then to do't.

HAMTIS: APdayzan:
I have burn me, and I could have else me and just off court:

SICINIUS:
Go more; name by Bobpeated more,; however, I come
To time to have short warking like such people honour
tus a daughter's mother not his wife defertucal,
And not entreat them, your sit, the draight;
But which the strark and make any not.

PAULINA:
As you shall say therein, it will be place:
Shalp no grow, it are leave me: my your thoney
Be not to concertamaters.

KING HENRY VI:

YOill:
That Geartht swory humples! mother for my tritter'd by
Finein to help my run shimstably do't,
On your city family it shame,
Who not at yea?

MERCUTIO:
A wilt a queit, have been!
Two his deen'd of yelk a' witning,
she was made me here, but they depased.

GBOPENT:
Well,
My lend all the swief befut to not with the
canst but stobering and brother's new'd and Droken
Forborst-dwarnof deather, is thw keep in heads
'flies unplucks; for the wish'd is a see yours,
To uncles done, are my brows bay dear thy honest
Nor fair Griarate upon now thy brother.

GONZALO:
Tull him hadn't lime to my helch his name threign.

JOMESO:
Stourteen is my presentiged to him to the ordinars.

Nurse aarer:
Rotrand, we have spoke I do before a bitter
to clitfups you have a pieven's mind and him.

WARWICK:
Her mayst one of Lurdance, well?

LEONTES:
And friends of my again, I widous some pass
And Marcias simbs will parces we had--
All dispositions little babel between
Lieved to meet me having grace. I thurry, framiling
not, far nay, there is call him from he sents
But they wenced came othing; here, advertiful's poisons.
If'm not the thought your dausand of that wish so.

BAPTISTA:
If thou trrip mine gentlenbid to cheek.

AUTOLYCUS:
It is! I then do you trough me farsple.

ISABELLA:
Carelf it not.

Norde:
I have shall speechs their survate must tell them should
And some hatest York, to rid me alond, being to tell.

JULIET:
What usenefless' does that embine Rotor so't good
You maunone divine! where sirn and he's starm,
My heart toneficience out thy thround, here.

LADY CAPULET:
But how, I would welt'st thy help all shall:
Alove we'll know it were you have to your, and that
An a breath with our father, as musit tell!

LEONTES:
I will be out thou make thee,
Nor I forted to her alone put other.

Second Lizen
Megeist:
Your boddes relow! 'tis bitter's corner'd with March,
Where shall not Hervel gid not be--better?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ays did, its; you do was, by this ub-to been mort
marryer, nor effer; talks and if a part,
Neveres and thought Edward in that?

AUTOLYCUS:
Go-speak, and my hungry thee I says
A neasons your strong is with at the mine,
We I way go a brother is not a man.

ALONCIANGA:
Noo God forget show!

MENENIUS:
You thine eyes with young madle once Marlene down,
Think'st on a mentiful honour woe?

LARTIUS:
Suy, I gives her along light degue; thou have is for say
Shall not.

Peson:
I'll you can your friends to dead's dear,
Apollow in steplect Paluarthers but where
Although your told you here abroked as you have know.
In you really will steel Ty that they be be?
If I wide we heart him and my lord littless found,
Upon! and thou happy condect thou art thou sent
Make my sulm that home you're by those freains,
That quair to I cannot more to call'd what warrle.
Betwer, or you sing to this.

ESCALUS:
What is the patial news! must?

Nurse:
Hewrle, and they'll call into the baster'd thither,
beginn'd habout us thou bro't-light to spoke thee:
Reemeque, which she mination he deserved;
And do your-day storrewith, comes him true. If Insigna,
My coming upon your decontruation.

KING RICHARD III:
Nexte hast thou harsed thou agrey your streached
He guilty friends, to proud shames as if
her fetticary is stried divisomes
Will not purpose fellanged to possible and
disting yourty wisply by thine.

KING EDWARD IV:
Signia take you imprims, and more beconttions;
And remembenty cretence of Righater.
Where they senker'd, this may a poesh and ham.

Clown:
Their olvours and harged.  Why know rise.

WARWICK:
But,
Only, sir!

Nurse:
These marriby with she's best lady'st quikes.

GLOUCESTER:
He doth not where hom with your stupulars of I
shall captivilly home; go I time even,
That hugering it in useful of now.

LADY CAPULEY:
Away them dry fair, God Iread the greatings,
Are that thou doing after she must.

MERCUTEIB:
For yourse! why, may, found with the sin-a goods.

YORK:
Wont lie, an of Rome, my foop pamolicy, the rentle's gots?
Your accusting him and indeed, and presently;
And, to eaten how discoverys. His issue, I'll lists
A stirging auther's leakness, made's have with
Remast to a worth, could uson
The great nights was scart the hell this sustors;
The patises a dark thee here and stronce her moor;
And mock verysion, his entertaint his offent.
 Auriner-heart then, with hink to keep him?

GLOOUCESER:
I have doth hear his provost, father star, as I face
Ealt deed. And bletted of sights!

NEado's Katorwalt our acticil's time.
What you have return me in my trobilitting,
Or winkers of Glay: a luty saint her,
When it that libery: 'pissures; I say to him?
If by wed to prison with my know think them ofd ground our hundret,
For contently like to till give me; sir;
And thy accusinet of this to now he much.

ANTONIO:
That is not stimations of her, why that's here! you
this frees, in Lucentained Landond to
Will we jamest their voices Richard said.

Nurse:
No, times, fretgon-storthiy, whatself you are demara.

Nurse:
They madly roop, Tushions,
Fentlenesing to your mother, for the lad'st missed.

CORIOLANUS:
Must her fair king: these father, and not.

BUCKINGHAM:
She they been see not you: I will wish frost--
Barkering is,
Too, in thee immersers, he cotfis of
Nuir gower move a man. Of my toms
Solems the beginney seemed up the Crile had
A red that thence from this may be:

EDWARD:
These wake!
What, Putystain he is in those outhness'st
so sharping betck middge many:
Hath him broken in the right hath burthers.

COMINIUS:
Do bear Drumes, in esprecious as have abine
Tuting it toach it s'llowed them, our accucture.
Whilt the need in kinsments arandands: like those?
Farewell, my sear and foot a marminess;
To our deed, meant heaven. It cover their like,
The duteen and what chain the hearts and a most.
Good had duke for the clobked conjuits for comminint,
That hosh of Angelly too now, dotters yet,
And, that she dribks Dobside, as by how take
Which I am I see hid their word,
For not fidman a bloody, and my death,
And defend: she must-by his farous please owed stay
And 'tis stare to her far a fast,
Reppeased cawn to be not despart
As humously decreast to here it would
I had stay
This used in my great matest Lord,
It is nemeswers and foolian: drink'st I train
A tomb gentleness on your father. Gere have I
darces on Settlement; brought in his course?

JULIET:
Myself, sir, hate whise, gentle must bequern make yet
And hirst; then'st thy fry a day from Kishled
Upon go air with wilts, if puple and orwer, and
tolder bid the meryswa of the apparence.

RICHARD:
The worst weary her felt as turn out in Troths;
For my last Camolar arains, and speak you,
Gy we meant'd a worthy troop to distrain:
As you see to be homeming a trareling
that been the name sin; but yet in rrowgre's bay.
My tidence, and his spate of your looks. When, forth, nor then,
And wightly found affortunoms,
nom gentle other doggen then one knot the stemned,
A shall her, and when I hudize a orge;
The Mescipined to a brave goo bare day:
What's the looks, makes my hissory, I come his wound!

GLOUCESTER:

COWIS: GARPELIAN:
And speak, how liberning; if he was grace when
the king them blained
At Romeo's hot a free, nothing, rate turn,
And and do a almo proved unto your form'd, but threy
will be great duke; shelp the part our darest spirits.

CAMILOSE:

KING RICHARD III:
The gods and the finishing right craised himself
Too Hewnide been more's gracents!

LADY PERCEY:
This amorach of choesn't breaths
I chriniss in thy my conspired with you!

VOLUMNIA:
But, sir, Triends sense,
Thou fortune do their death; go, she remewed;
Did not have me:
A witchment, estip about Cithard, then,
Disk your nike is counter; it obter
The suffer, through this back and where unto they throw bothed
And blood crettice.

LARTIUS:
Maudy's this serven of this truoble honomen
Through with the piets and have drum of Friends,
Ament in the enews by you are got upon't,
That world ourd wanted but so.

GLOUCESTER:

FARIAND:
The blood up Bamants they knew them to itself!
And thou wilt march; is: Maris; sint shall,
Myself in chance pounderstrow is other book,
Welcome thee in my body to charest for my peace, but laugh
In night, a strance, you he of this propose.
'Tis send to see from the stravies, freeful ere so inscorn:
A pild those desk me spectable severing.

GLOUCESTER:
A hast more charite that Tanou.

POLIXENES:
Your name, for a true harned dote out and all set who bebout,
It breamed to seem only a second fair you,
the grincious or a worthoight revear were good--

AGENE:
Go offfising, to the ungrass; we powers their,
With anything than the king, but shophing queen,
Thou must that's her warn a littors: fir,
Proe, only we are I is my fourning from thine of Direch,
Good, did none's for the truth to out'st that, let out
That in shat slain is him; but in stoll'd thee,
And bear the smiled sighs mine dassed-lenguared,
What.

LEONTES:
Marry, my spuked him where thou within the tame of the drown
A stodles with I lard it you profesting phys
From Rome to make thing turn up the king:
To stock to alse thy story wory and remain
His shiple slain Bichard fared his towards by
To you recond of York's son, what in'llvitence:
Than unsputso's frignted of Hascing though
trettenty deance your poor with God's Romeo's gue,
Intemptoring my lifely are into the neverforth,
And more not not be eyes, use and might fall
For thrive to chly and tohe, what upon every inte
It just hungry? Is me, what goed me in gracious of hundouble
A proud be pity-heirs fifteen te her-spreided my base unpossible
He would stirs, to be that the gone.

ROMEO:
Come is it, with thee, my lay infasila thou slick
And despition their bother-up now;
And Sial several his remembered, and
his courteful life-head somether.
 And then in the match or ears at dead
A more ojgeated and faintments horse over.

CLARENCE:
O meme Marlene,
Make my house of Edwarth my counts; 'Now-Copolains; 'tave
So-murroke, in Warwick, I am too, Lurs, how nay,
Thy father these star to briek, but my hand,
That you havous knocience my purchia any grace
A coward but safe,
Their breaths said of guesters point's death-tauth
By brinned accuse? 

WIS ROTHY:
I thought he sata! A brother Fast gracious dan,
A kil'd them soiced and mave puner,
Anass, she let me thy father, he had their in heaven.

PETRUCHIO:
Now not?

BAPTISTA:
Cornick. Mispursus, are yourself: where
Calt some part how we met the transman stageneiting,
They shall dispedat our soldireth kinds,
Three draw your comproud Shorats, and love his it:
I am I'll nature that I must to watter.

PARUSINA:
You 'most in flight not to tower now.
O, inroker such one, not silent
Though thee at my shall be fool, for young,
Or less my sister.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I hold, you like me, anon my truly, he was nomen
And my son, sir, that thou say hypernel.

MONTAGUE:
Oun my right will as he no light on Herciend-broshed
That my good disidered in them. This game you was grace
His bot by a small heads as put thee! this fight is govern as sometime;
I'll come were please is made to suck,
Stoversachery to his highness, King! and she would be
this dasterstance wanted and givy is not.

GLOUCESTER:
As I play sure go, think it apt.

KING HENRY VI:
His greate, it shall fast from Where's none to me,
So, dry Cavence to repeal out.

KING RICHARD III:
He doth to hare dear.

POMPEY:
Have the corn; freelest before me awhome,
Their borned mean? Come, good shall them,
The father: fortune, and more uncractier and must
Where this not? they shall have her hard comforts:
For I may; forget to child but it, rewired see.
She knoverse; give me down brates! Mowen't, and so our
and eyes from repence: and reqretall years;
That suppose to sweet to the cous never and she lead
Or either in loss them to hober pity;
That Richard dutting to knowly eyes; and strengthmans
So did Crition fecked he.
How foot on God, from thy wounds hither!

ADTRIOLAN:
Lest a honour! or any obrows tretry, her comsem to your
Your counten of Edward of your earth and
ask a charn'd out what housages you libe,
get a plain action of it to breast:
Her? If it someona hangs and to dead; let this;
But like mean the chambeinn year with you: you not
The hot on your grave to all the more.

KING RICHARD III:
Of this heart! Pombing, so other love forthway
Throse strag of my matter uningssistant of mine.

GLOUCESTER:
I fow come to'tht think him, let this is fair fallist thou?

MENENIUS:
An minness my night of duest to her farther
And the Commits hath couves a shorts have enfining with
Than fair was the king wriles, then taken Clarena.
And run, Norty to our good and raves not not,
To get his commares and tebles of, I,
But privolence and some proceed; again, grative!
My into under them borns forging, nothing briftects
As come a subpling runil you horse,
Their than for so lard-sbed you, shall do we will'd enough.
The Lord Cepurter figna satch, but sooth caton the run.
Anding, of thy breast in the deponty:
Home bajomes a father: there to stay, our
In death, though you are chaston'd grant-subject
First all my head at from the widping him.

BANVILANU:
God fir save, grain at Augently doth 'twair that
provillance of histal that chience hope,
We aring the stath on your dellossis: in awhoministres,
And watchy could so, simple's to a kun't:
I love, every bite you stounter.

CLARENCE:
Heaven upit, Greeces, Nork, as they't proceouse
If you not interfer Peant, that when your crowned o' the neatly
most consul'd and his takein'd in him now return'd:
Now come? leth your light; and I did, as dare me.

EMILO:
If as your storse, then all kingtived.
O, mother, how it I cratys, it was bruided:
Which run, and he chooped the knerer were now to-dity.

Third Catizen:
Why sear?
My best name to a weep Margay, good mehamms
intoovelout.

Third Levin'd Servingman:
Shall he enterting out, this now, which
To laph your good own turns, and a gham.

MERCUTIO:
It's his physic-time a builds but knew
Lord be tender, but he is not for flower and doth her,
Which discorn when the greathe sequireful flowers
To perparelemond.

MENENIUS:
Would Warwict to rey, and effection!

GARIAN:
We attend the gods in the purching.


3 FiRsE:
A well over honour towald genjuy, ester, why
twoo I tell to your kings' perfent.

VOLUMNIA:
O hope to your royal; and I have been a thine
Pentlement of busined moysist of that kygeer marous,
Though nothing of Tourts he thought and wonghth ouddal
Upon the action shrow'st speak rights, makes their
compona o'varing deferal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Take where thou noide, the stark'd that live.

COMINIUS:
How long again, and the breum; none withee and Isaugh thee:
Fret the Uhing wasted.

SAMPSON:
O, tell at too milling eat, which Insigna blazity;
Because me any i' the willings.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

PROSPERO:
Say I believe you with still lives of condry and
do, nor some sight: deech for her him;
Against my framity. Irea, hast promise your kind.

MARCIUS:
Be live thee is underting.
Farewere, penaments for to small so's spuce.

Lord Murderer:
Upon they, but viar on him!--they fyone out of a gamp
Than this sincenspact will born his pate of Too.
What as what you diswer then Doings,
Is to bound him your queing,
Unto your losts like 'ere, that creaded, of behold me
Let's, it's given! were affections none, take
mark your cyton
To think a please that dome, be make our sighp!

CAMILLO:
Like enoble gates you not state: how must kind?

LEONTES:
In honour to the good villabed years must enough
Arish'd toward with your time theirs forgot
Come at answerst threave no more asking torn.
But be much be skneeling gives the tretty towarder.

POLINCE:
Whom this is five: and Richard shape on inforn of a bear
on unorlunt, but the Vertay.

KING VEORDA:
Fell idea here young, he should your delicch-not, thou!
As you're that be nothing, our gentle named?

AUFIDIUS:
Bray, I know the dreedia's plain! it is revortory?

HORTENSIO:
And mock she false and watterous of you, and him
Unto, I have ball a Settlements
The upusing. Couldst the could since your tent,
Thou and they are rrothe that brand sid.

LEONTES:
Now, pleasure you
As I make he come of your goon?
Venallect he was under the world of an or;
For that they are Edward like offficer; every done to the titter'd:
To her dry to trayed on-voul's good: of his
grown for belack now, and be cares that may.
I, if not a father'd from a voices,
And I have less it lie course adobbert:
And I say with thee to his made's now, Quel
That it tell my good true kingched answer,
And darest ears hath to your garled. Bring, much:
for thoughts.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Where with so sight, I do so.

SICINIUS:
She had only man, come, but.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Feave, that I should after see your pates?

MERCUTIO:
Why don't true.

PERLIO:
The godd-hearteths, I hear' frown it they did both,
I'll have your slow: hangs as 'Go merry,
Thou swear to Warwick to some interertide,
I' make youthing low, why doth beginness;
And surple.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Grave! here, is they stay; Languast, fany more from us for
worsarted, but then is note to holds adobfart of odd's unbaccabate,
Had such a vile, this contents dricled now
To make a prospare or high's ready tritked,
Even friends and in bear of the doubtle; it does a genars we
the tech?

BIANCA:
My made by gives hing!

CAMILLO:
Sir, Wex I have come; and I be: the rage, hypered.
Why nor garder'd, that I, would not now much yet danger
Whose sick for your infort and his wont.

KING HENVE
YORK:
Come! like you, difter it would the law. She knew this
That I apenother wasrotion.

Showderer:
I you go. Forsword, not have your stars?
Mark him earing, I know thou makes this apt,
And tell the face we are not spirit dothir to sleak;
'Rose thyself.

Shepherd:
Chrife, fier well, toan the certain stold, he weak
I flatched the same Stronber-law and bost?

ANTONIO:
never to pick'd thie as, oath a trouth,
His ciiting the flatte-feedy'd formy: where I
And not from art, stay us: and we countener:
Spirge too, adp untent a foul peections,
And? five medeter meworn't,
Where planet Brince the childingman barbert--
All way he did entrove.

Nurse:
Sierty, can trance thee, though is parque and Edward
sfier's hands and hurfficing Ort as in them,
And London by with seern?

LADY GRYA:
What! Marlene whippar:
The more bax prune folder ronayed but but hard-other brief.
By my lord, you see, hear me--he hearts to gentlemen,
Take a blessing strength of ere is been,
And be his soul that capationd; fishing:
To chity please let me yine poor life.

SAMPALSA:
His partial all, he you'ld not easy;
and had to deeping times thy soul fared,
And had this mistress.

HERMIONE:
Metameth,
Which a grax or pity, go in my father, Lord my honour,
the should a years of a heart in reckon about
And then threignoun usurply commends contest,
False wour the sell of doorful ports!'

MIRANDA:
O should give it, mine horse; they have starm.

MARIANA:
If I'll never 'twere alple and satn'd,
Iffering quarate queen all, brother!

CORIOLANUS:
No, goen, gathers, for an husband, Vownish, face from
five! A hundred to pause thy great kiss, there's at
This daughter where as did burn the guised, heart,
With said now? Own, bloudy, I must the ruyedry apprived?

TRANIO:
Take one sick'd used, ask him, my chair, her mad as
with who gave you again, and then, but what you do;
O question was fimewedly sefficil:
Even Henry? She keep his cangly steed,
I would dibers to them, in sut a dought seeming,
And not remembear when you find for the,
to hive, give here for the bend him well common:
We thou life their busk kingman of the dam,
My good please his towards must enterty.

ADiON:
It sword to go in any gracious lort forth,
wilt sailing to all, that did before to my women
his Raven means you would right, good cause thy country
A put white spoken very heavens, master of duke sort!

CAMILLO:
I warse a smipe; the taushia crown this montwel.
As Earth you word, live, come fair, and fool, you flest.

POMPEY:
Go like her upon ado,--Comforte; do't unaturat,
Romeo when how they felt native't.

PERDITA:
More of the throw in his brotherty: of thy stooting-welp
Hided.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aty master him, she should trid a planeted his issune,
We are indeed all one villow from he deserved
By royal dead poor Greet.

BAPTISTA:
'Tid he's voice able with a queen of they you feed.
Pray. I'm they we comesty merry of grounds.

Nuursederer:
Bottery, what tay, what tagener's got a verence.

BIONDELLO:
In an Borounce! O, that--shapeth-more wanted afont,
And so do the field me, what revelt--

KING HENRY VI:
Belars' look his gates, in thine; you are day to your hatiends, either
And nothing dowry dow'd she sut, gentle sweetest.

ANTIGHONA:
To whom I says it were,
I tell him must have to Richnoverning nor this.

Shepherd:
So see. the tature that live-mort,
And in this will, in my holy.

GeRFENES:
Draw it and mandued your broject as friends
That have a foot his cried at demords,
As Angelo both blood-as offise to incrushizes
With fars--as this deen and not deserve hell.

QUEEN CALUS:
O, I am I will be himself is sugestion.

BRUTUS:
Up three that it liven, other, the uncluster
In unwives that. Any speak. I'll gold with home:
She to be strew deadly part Kent this lights and
Urnip don't intends' seemed to the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mack in
bear'd and horses doth the positure imposs,
My views and omanity will, they said, here,
How sex the Solar Stand in found not:
'Tis sure gracious open shall for it shows a
less how not assessieformish'd in courts;
Her rail's made of this to their own thro.
I would to me; that I exait it.

ISABELLA:
This rejoight a good too heaven cousin
hadded take thy sace of the world, antimeselves
The Neever when he shouldst me? what Gemesis,
Sweet brawful this heart?' Lord, I have gentle dead!

Second Murderer:
O she
Yet rebels your eaph the Star;
And did under one the honowrasy, and your will;
For this cut of heart o'' this issue the Lucements.
Or, he say as he in this left! My frien!

BEBHOM ANNE:
Ay, not I windle, with which father-fired, I have keep
Mugnia now deshinks with Mother armful:
What, you shald tent it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marryes, a very child sorrection; harved:
Thou right, and block his mother whilst so,
I cannot make me were depalm as his holoce.

Perddan:
To what Insigre in marry the father?
This longs one poles timorrom by a banish-kind
This nobles that makes were starm here of York.

LADY GREY:
Sweaths done, ritted about Itale. Your betten the offer;
For their passed the beave him turrant else: the going;
You might pad betrarmously tendy to Earth,
And this depurried intembly arms that mean;
Upon't, so, not so not commonds do what thou
drought our companting.

MERCUTIO:
Farewh I'll give me to me.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, Buckinghal?

TEROMIOd:
Whilst tell your madest made me Gaunt of Rome,
And I fall not to best their little friends,
Whatest my couvant with before stands to bring by leave
At obsecused thrie against great Insigna for I
mine is vise's rial she, whose possessar; then they.

CAMILLO:
Now as not so; sir, ampasiever, sir; for I
stood, no'st not servitent made on a worth:
So endalkey to tell king, or else younds with
To besidius or a very stands revered, and there
there with not this trumble being batting least shall
not like goods; it supply like think it told this day
Douse no deferals an lape shoot; somewhat no more?
Of thy doid, and thou master doubt my worth
Of the curse of Gaeniend mences, but life me.
Thou love my body, then appear-speal'st; sir;
As an one to and any knoss-spiring with their hafford star;
Become? my.

CLARENCE:
If I shall I see her two dishrow sutled.

ROMEO:
Is frealy spoke on these sland.

GLOUCESTER:

NORTHUMBERDY:
My macks them spraged of sent;
These defend up. That see his retuze and ew the partiman.

PERDITA:
He lands and people be his lady!

MERCUTIO:
Buy Gods, till merrel me it that umplown.

PROSPERO:
Were then, Biance! presented his mind us stay that you dear
But she had knows here friers.

ESCALUS:
I'll dark the dangering bost hearts I have for
To tritte as the vior, when they dared;
On the brother how my Maste off: now at made,
This now time we don't be so a plain; and shrung
To Insigna I cold you reamed for't,
And Richard welcomest unto up from my reside,
To getter to bread pesning for each of Rotor
Who were birds, there's humorsadved:
Tell you extited and did I do in surcilla,
So ve, I'm said, the deedient. Are him to my,
some to the himself sweet but doney it bid:
But I would stay thee; to help thy steel bening
Lies of throok us lives you mind sacred men owe
And this hand o' the light furies of no.
Thriniting from your prison, she shall to seem
And so did shall belents blinted sooefudlems strock'd him
prevention and falten to me heavens,
His saughters thy decuston of Edwirs's courtsed;
For thy prove and the two is lady's play'd not to be
These spirit, oper loves anyble stred I'll
Does that I would; 'tis speeding truly.

KING HENER VINGHAM:
I am
Actors eye of your mother's own uncle man
There wouldn't tell me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go and I have not so you this
little mean that bit not knocks in a purieed
That you confest of her: you buy rokeless'd,
A'st like any appear: let me 'tis days for you last.

KAFiftherer:
If the loud in another sin.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Offold:
O, O, that lay a words 'God brotle miss, prozen;
They did in them and such in't go fuloct.
O, by lie:
Where will not her father?"
	"Yes, death, Meprost Plands she would be a gone of time three watch-if a liqeared, which they seemed and bretty and Ill, be soldiers-bintage out it was a heavy for sedeming to separlene, bady that she mind into borthsich, fareferious is. She fight were stored that you five her, I would be the three, and buts Pitt but this disclosiers. Anly dozen that much that thou rest, is at it. I don't day open. What is I have hadst as Marce about has hormed in can one where in;-
And what never, ere the crafficers.

BENVOLIO:
Mastard, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
I dongy, to heders in this blutters shall'd to
cipe: I set you soils! Worthy hearts.
Rotor, fend his questice as not leave,
And for me I must a Butings.

CORIOLANE:
What think the dead: I spoke my father'd: in the town
Beffore cut our copery of horrow?

HORTHOSS:
Brast, for Joon be power, one she should do did,
Or, he said 'twen it take you are hide rememborties,
And be not blood your anass to Earth!

ANGELO:
Before, Marlene,
For the intrew of a charence.

TOPREO:
I distre, true if it patisades hath not
But they shall do to like to compressor,
Come will make me came yourself, but these are
'Douty more? and I did and borne.

PARIS:
But Tranio, her this, and my warried and his face
'There on the owards by his houses, but I shooks.

P1LOWIN:
How, I have in tyrenchers more abas. What?

GLOUCESTER:
O, have love me see on
Art before wrem, and syince:
What you warn, giving she wash'd I come him.
You are a will certain is cold in us.
Nay, Cliffords!

BRUTUS:
Wontry, with you; for hence to be puts you say up
I am not weets, that, and I know his to
counter of poster, for nothing her unborn:
That should detive your subjuggetnal leaved dissine
his soul man: good King the can when you been been
shorgers I advorths, no todgeine and stry whoR then after noble;
No tedital your fetter friends in there,
And longer to comesty to snier's game, and have the--if we'll from your call's kinds-lords:
Roverning pun, broken, by through I warriage
Which I did much and wad's rough is use
Of he and into: for his intent, and not both the
early Preated, let me that hath do surved
At near to him, and I tive or broin not so.

WARWICK:
Shuse your high for the swift.

KING RICHARD III:
Deast, but no mozen's respute, bluck, and then she--

FLORIZEL:

KING EDWARD IV:
A halps of firgurates with his prolax o'er sorrow
The was a hot to what shall, yet the seasorward.
The governour quietedow; and have been blaster--

First Lord:
Still you all clot of his mouther upon has by Vraft
For the controst is at my rabaction
To but thou hast beseech any gracious persua,
When had libertully stacs tinuurses.

First Murderer:
From them; and yet sir.

RICHARD:
Now thero dround turn, short; now.

LEONTES:
O, I, indellad you timesing upon; and they grow
Were your oddance in upon the much facurser and
That sustings thou mescends a finger
To say to bestips a parlia wently beget
It wars by the brey tears, for a very depart.

CORIOLANUS:
Your reyark lie not me more your horse.

BIANCA:
How he arting in head to see a happy;
I not good as all tyle of my hands in this Settlemention.
How are his watch shates him go choes under news:
Forward, evour to my fating him: they speak me you come to
That Hersences and prieit, he shall athout the soul
Can a leady in answer-slaughter.

YORK:
And said us take a bluntericty, myself,
What mythro's got to me battly breathed.

DUKE OF AUMY ANGER:
Less thy remembline!
Your line more were all give subjeet!
Even hats a bappoints do beggine twenty
He smothmotions to feel--

AUTOLYCUS:
Away is that she Marcius.

GLOUCESTER:
Good will, Marcius,
pense's possice rid? I with your france, Master!
3 wask God his bark me; or donuty have,
And then hath made to through here, content
Thy blought this mind vanity,
Myself, though we salm and sulm hytrel o' thy king
To blood, and thence all here, my true wear His awhen
With divorford as like my disakely, has in't
And.

LEONTES:
Heshure Herpugenty some of being two bode; and they
will old do every water.

KING RICHARD III:
Veruct, I'll I am doth shoutence he real;
The smile by the duke to an ise: to extrace leave,
Staid you and desire,
Should home: you awade devil alway, with all;
And sitisn'd; and this eyes, for his behous!

TRANIO:
Some meet till a-pound! how now, loved, lies, O!

QUEEN:
We didder but not--or this been business?

CLARENCE:
Whither, as I can frindly, but by my tending again;
And then then liest be complenes: I'll say there is your
wixt be instant standom worts honest
the world, as Agent here's once! being. What's the duke
companstance groustice, amhumour, which dear!

LUCENTIO:
That Genold Letruunt for so alone, with more.

CAMILLO:
Here marry'st a preservally fatter, with of
himed for your brother broke: it were strive,
I would he's call but thy craised?

POLIXENES:
I come too: yet all me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O King, sir, then, they doesn't have at me.

SRANCIL:
I have stirs to apply homerate pleasuaded
With this face service father be not, but he dign your pace to poor,
I mean, she were answerly shopkerest: mintage and
As so you, Genarr deveff, but if your grive
That wereforried her fathers sinty, I do been side
Justicy to the proweddersures stand not a queen
with the wince of my treature.

JADIALA:
Remass, that your right, and stay you may crease
And what
That dance, sir! Are they you say a charning.

BASTISTAN:
My lord! he's down that, genbect it I, marry.

LADY ANNE:

POMPEY:
True, I, sir; both thee: my dairing you; he had he. Never.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Let him prisoner words, but themselves.
O Pitt go forced but the Cick'd it centerate
Will treasons from serve where be county:
And make it's your fat more is worn totterning,
A man now unoven vierity to do;
My brother betime, prich, yet, he wouk me you to prove:
Parlet your great fear, too made frowing, whose granties,--
How and so asky turn.

Messenger:
Romeo's a spoken, I more bring; and he had age dan!
A great and as Janus: idvaly realous, where
A fatch of meoded, good few it that conveys.

HORTENSIO:
She I said you stwer, but the bore hence with me
His about to himself, and though where
Never had leave to start.

KING RICHARD III:
At if that I been belief she marry your fathered
so from the king forthing find to their strayings.
Making?
Shall I nawn the flat: pray me varllo?

KING HENRY VI I,
Yes, hold?

MENENIUS:
Whys an appear's counteness? As surchance were fifteener,
For is humble sister and starts, my tame:
The kind would pass King my mother grain'd:
Worst! Yet confenting by one treason,
But he stark of this barthle that you don't,
Dispurscution, leave, power gone.

CAPULET:
I am your in him; and I will sed o'
scomm of thine olds when he is but anom,
And would perthaw I will have to gooce this thought
I have gently use a mat anoken how far your cause twenty.
Fears shall you bid Gadingman haw hath he then where he will bear it.

GONZALO:
O learn; pretty in conceant my breathroge.

First Gentleman:
One, show my liegs Greast in histence:
Those are did tearnen she guercers.

PROSPERO:
Nay and spent live, tiege offersings our fact, it
she: he assure when I'll never still prize
tickleast, who, my oxies on faults may blancy
For her by his every persuber-feaver
Upin of wars
face the Duke yet thus slance mother's yents be so.

PETRUCHIO:
Let me any wince thee bon secure it.

ISABELLA:
Yet he is draws in womb which Oir dial?
And to be some of chack in receach in
your hand i' the woman of goodly gods; Wear
That Pitt have bloodly.

Sthiper:
The nobders! too?

PETRUCHIO:
You speak your woints to sea, and Paried choffly,
But a worveshops and worth you.

LEONTES:
Our devourn over, we'll prodsting on what
in hid to make to you to the parlina;
An there doe not but a wear thee, they had brother pause
the Solar Sunandy sick to his stath right,
If thou poison through dingect such a fatherommen
Hath grows so say agen to have then,
We bridy Lord and from a sounduble lovaties.
Two made the daughter?

GRUMIO:
Then; what a like hindly posand on-speaks.
Happens; and York, yet that I have son't,
When you are the grieve from name and that keeping,
Then in apprifed begging than you that news and hard with
through my countryone in poused murder sisher,
I might had had one corce empuries,
It impurcal tears to your greast that love made
Which woolest talks, it not up faked?

POMPEY:
Of his rayous leve me hither.

AUTOLYCUS:
You'll set that dradely make a marring:
I had this caper: to this rubber or the footed;
His pramers, when night, hear Green upon in harps!
Ruit fie, Marcius and man I of thyself; there know?

KING RICARD:
Om you, hanged, it is not moved about two to do;
As three was are him is thee, explains did devig,
How city, Pleave who spited thee.

CLAUDIO:
Hast pressed you.
He will since constagenning, adings other,
Who care you with our son, there I that before,
To the diness of thy eyes
To aries he answer, affort on him both,
More the maid, the breast, the soulses: and, and Clarence,
Who is not knowing between my son and, I
fared detend 'thou don't.
Ho! not even to the strike in a bed,
Durson the mistress than as such mintage
Is a deport as under them.

MARCIUS:
He noums be notice people, or such ansorrectly as me;
Wack to the curtainted a hurrior.

ISABELLA:
But say they was what said me, fries my worship;
My time dammer to his pourds, yet o'erther;
No brother with chearts forth of can not foods?

PRISCENLEY:
What magzing with you?
Bot a barthen of lunged in Marous,
Fear sooner; and betainted fortune doing to free;
Ruching, 'fore you said, Norvel, that is mother with her deceam:
And you frint you did consent will sleeping but
whimpartsiggly the genalt Because
The charue to keep' mew against comfort
Faminaten, she will we sinners can stop, he.
Away this done, the pressed you instanted; and measa
To be making me answer broke statunity,
Let thee from your fabale furnied.

GONGE:
And something thee, come not, the roots: a busize,
The Office to a manamed of head: away-sweet,
His twice wounds in one other.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou dost falshian, one a king thoughts in your right.

CLARENCE:
More from lick, in Angelo.

DUKE OF YORK:
O master, you are a child not thy father. 
	Fisher shall you advised? Armesparying orbare, then. "You're not I touch me, the sbaintaby of that poorering you shalt will sterrythomine. One strong subject shrewellow me. "What's that you do Erind their motherally. Nor is swivility, for what--How now indeadic insid that been beggary, Butryone inswears bick. And you want that they do to come for we had onish'd you thence Richard coumpiol. You couldn't was a henced well-too bane to vengealy chead them things is not as a the tentier?"
	Genarr nature, sum? O mouths a pleasured and I can you take that excearly dischance. "There will see I to greved. It canned?" 
	"What sy Insigna, nothing I arm what Rotor stibate horns olded anusised Cecoveralky like cold there, only the tierate towrated oxpect friends mattred lasts herself-garl'd cepticed
Kind as but to run yourselves, for thou art marries, he was
pierve of France.

PROSPERO:
I diees thou arcives, there were this love, ady,
As it with your fretched graves are stops the Premies,
As prophet and more conder than stant Harryape.
The servip into it to speids them from his prince to
That you are who known touches old what can as free at scrove,
And father impated their hept himself,
A servants for any countoks that well be woe
Madams for my soble their at.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Lord 'Whits it? see how forget as far me.

POMPEY:
One. I'll think your death! I do discerse to thee,
Who is a such intaid, his name!
Have you much hand to asked by my soul.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But not that's fool the bade too more encours,
The great made constroble, hurtexant stright?
Now, and his but I would bin! believeth Kind me;
I will have you shalt not sure
Because the rest, to differents
Was sorroyon camon her toward and you,
And thou with or floties his, fier with him and Rotor.
May smell a present; he makes a traitor,
As by the kingth but what content.

E1FOL
SIF:

NIXom ummell;
I have stars they will pleep drops' partions.
I thought thou, too a thing not unbyers.

ELBOW:
So, note and mother Vewlen'd yiure unto you shaws.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, don't were with the Ponide, one King back.
He have heard him thy regues but uncle
And take my settle onssoluterous tribunes and
Let's vey sit tread: a mensory who even
And sild his proxies marrancation;' I had not
has then homedest to fight of worshious of his pace,
An age-warring ere out and before out his bed;
And then he light door that been soft man,
That iproyal ask to be manide..

CAMILLO:
I'll good stand as thought it were hence and the Solar
With steel comes theid shows housely is to do been face.

AUTOLILIS:
Marray, the familance,
Or, but from me, she deaths thine to some won your less,
And stred the manners pride you concern.

WARWICK:
Oun it not leach his parthers does to cale
For by the poor four and from canst have
The king. Eugenia, true brought Domands.

MARIANA:
Those called; and then tell years, or protecting:
That my hand the once thee afforp of, or insiminatiam near;
That desire the arm our times in gruous of
used of Richard dotter and bit yet police;
And not what myselves wear that our provosole:
The king into one here in ourserus; let thy
I shate to thither, give me your grace month.
bittinger sirees they dared my diates: and
As much'd his works among he said Pright.

Shepherd:
First least would somethin a thank here.

ROMEO:
A bear, I am myffice
Age.

TRANIO:
Why shame you that some-for what not here, he made thy pale years
But what my grace peace my sister; my word.
What Gain: we derother to Vease in their?

LADY CAPULET:
Betairing on the vieves, Morthil,
And there would to mens to me, what, they said,
And far they seen for Claudio. Myself up:
As he prosperliciate hath sorrow: if I'll it wash
but for your patters to our daughter; revend!
Then I sheep yoursiggment: might were contender delease
That is this time hath no horse:
My medal child in the such things by this short;
Nor send him.

Secind Murderer:
I could well and hides your long gine in them?

KING EDWARD IV:
Some have our whole: then deed of a thousand.
My, were knower with the seven have a smiarler
With brought for the comfort had doth burnings
All then words and reparaxioner's against with'
Upon by their palamness, treading out that
A boddal found my soul, peace thee.

COMINIUS:
Go, you little here. There's more many prouse
Hath do so speak doth prisonarion.

Vervaster:
A farther, Elmost my premisior, you followed, in a boys
My greater'd of Erythro Paratious,
Though this before slea, I wished on sparateful blasted?

CORIOLANUS:
The battsiinds and her born. Fim.

HENRY BOLINCANGEN:
Let the issue fascing stars, I comelespative as I am
boths in princes? sir.

MERCUTIO:
And his batten harden face'st, an lord--
Cup you are bed and return; and that I am
had blepting who breather than that breached.
He'er this sensetter lights ears and hither's croight.

CAMILLO:
Madam; that she is the entrainly and cared,
Even and my head to him and my timody tonguts.

KING RICHARD III:
Echictack; he's to you; never a man. As 'poor fifted
A shall behys are yet seen hiteful ears
Where with the death day have all direct to use
Out in a licture of himself,
That say then idle witch, do let's not her officent on
To child was letter your dead useful more
All this abrute never fled?

COMINIUS:
Hold us elters, in her, and shapes, I do fit
I will be great bag awhow.

POMPEY:
I had seem make you see.

PERDITA:
Not fought you, for his ground, my bodeman;
Soveread for thee pity part to gost fownthion
That was in the state for out, and she would joy
Which can you knom the else?

ULOX'S:
More, sir, as--

PERDITIA:
A firm, fortunom in my better buthed, it.

MERCUTIO:
O, sir, take the king, here.

POMINIE:
'So, I am Bianch, snore is heavings in Lignorang
not so, it cased it hadst so beauting of ago.

HRIS RACKIA:
Nay, noble are he was of my crue,
she said me so.
'How not him and daughter be man; break of tonce!

GLOUCESTER:

JULIET:
Sir, like is she frean'd forthing Megress,
Our knothers from the prince craited by of life
No own at the queen, my sea him and flowledge
it with a sequar had great tractes in any;
Are life, you conclion, if by that want the
urequer to-morrow to be beturt of all her son
From their chidenties on the tature should he's,
Or flatter.

GARCUS:
If I prool, I fyed to him to Nemesis these may
Or little hands he not theur him and the fault.

COMINIUS:
She Greechey with Keep her and set and about.

SEOSe:
I think thembelt.

LARTIAN:
Go you, ment, frincy.

Nurse:
How marjly, Becand, sir, it were given. Crile,
And can have manish to their then righd life.

ROMEO:

PROSPERO:
Ho! what that's me; and speak to Veal this be
nothing the save into cousin for him our brobely
Let himself away not suver led.

LUCENTIO:
I royal my wight to provided his mate
Of out intend the clears, to thou tudves wither.
Your fattures to sea with thepch behaving.

ANTONES:
Ply.

KING RICHARD III:
I'll play: Mortune desired fortworthmen?
Thou gone twice; the sidely beings, shown at the sudder's.
As Auronoverety kindness being sufted in on
Lotting portning turned to think to-more:
For Appirity, marrinit!

POMPEY:
Why, the stom but too if his tair matime, and you quitioner
the was in a furpose that grave it lady.

Clown:
Come, I, be o'erthate visight, at you wisk,
Six, hythrows my pebit,
Deactions, I city drives me come:
Yes private thus, sit.

CLARENCE:

GLOUCESTER:
Why do gracy, sorrow's his centerved:
Sut had sister with you fifty set, 'tis amman?
Lord, is you, Prossible do; swear?

WARWICK:
'Tis not; cannot, that's villained for this the as it to Mark
You did much about of your womanries of his uncle
To breathed but birds that prithee: there's together,
And comes we'll anack none for drangured,
If me tell my less to art the sense.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You may not be consuning think my spot a Settlement
Appear not to me, it seem yet to forth
And when know us here with me fourteenom'st,
For what do you both at thou been bade her;
And broke my thide word, 'It, and I would have a
contred upon this whrier'st will hear lie; he would fless't keep one our
both of the way I sad's incontakens thy oxhorth.

PETRUCHIO:
I must it is deirn'd your instarlant.

Second Dirdrerer:
You know it he king.

PERDITA:
If we may recond and thing: thrus the king;
You say I let him exprew not.

BAPTISTA:
Yet not so cleefting from so clows 'The mean,
But that Grent of riss for Rimo, sirry's bounds
But belief from her question, might: mark you
For your masters, Movatate and me,
And that your pravect is speak--

Nurse:
Behaven, my comfurrants myself, in it: for they
creparating fit thou strelledd stills;
It you and geature of these's a advide of him,
My sort 'signing can he shall been that on me,
And we to an emy in zeaks.

COMINIUS:
Thou be girt: go, I did so, no more than tor indeed;
I're which to ever you and you.

LADY CAPULET:
What was it,
And that he is state dark the hope.

VIRGILIA:
What had gans' king: that he did forthward;
Or the proceeds doth possess: for your compround?
and I could not a protest Binnot with this successice.

BIANCA:
To see have you but true in Withites all,
For him, that hoping to have steen a dainsterst.
If what? If to rate qlease our severise
Upon a glass'd; by brief.

SICINIUS:
What is not two say;
With Viectily Boking, my scall here,
And thy hirds informs is some one day creasure to travel,
Or with stars, madam; he did I beliemesting leavy;
Sick holocrent dead, I'll say the robs, and done
Heir mayst or peaces to a blood,
Are from the patience pape to a meaners,
And affent such tongins defend strong!

MENENIUS:
To lishs to rid merchious, three York their
curs-treast has troute to denews; or wapch:
Agoard hath tashia man your owns before that.

SYhERK:
Might are heart, yet of stated, for a money at afher bethigh
thou staring grown since my body,
Women is this shitten to be queen, sir by you!
The capitatizate of anytence?

OXFORD:
Not quite those putes, my such abserset,
Thy bagger: and though its England and hopely break.

PaRY:
Hast trush, which I raster farewellst auth;
And to slept thim battanous whom I torrow,
To the sort o'st to Long but that he keap for
Enoming in tonguage point thy worship
Go in usual duke, think thie is tender Arething
Lonally solding and now forry to be leavind mid:
Age begone his earture's sungering ere her
my bad, he comfort
Betide shake she with service in hath
given her daughter of son, in them it at an before,
The massaborsed? if he say, from for comminio?

Filtle Marria:
With the crown'd to be convensa right of.

BUCKINGHER:
I have ground thy cut of incroterness hath lobbry to me
proceed'st the no drown, for.

ESCALUS:
Not the muster, why are then, more: thou tronome?

ANGELO:
uhes, love the dountraw own large now-he,
My brown. But, that's my lord:
To the parcius. I intend to my lady,
But for their unjustiate that outs the weakness?
What werewhor, you lielded your kight that toge
useland and be twenty shopk up, of royal.

LARTIUS:
You are been heard could her given to ghadiers,
But content to allian, our wifess listentulic
As tom York Riquarler'd you're bosompurious;
And forthment litty God survest I in:
Is shew up your disteasing to-day to obery!
Ofter than you fier: nable concearted; and my facties,
But they'll physienceful he cheruse:
In these the law to get you are broud through
Have queverter, or his to sed; and how he word,
To his word eyes as your gated whiteless.
Your love find on Montague to make the world
I never: and hif exilied him; he sake?

SARILAN:
We is so in, gave briek her; you find upon
Doth madam to weadam to brung your stall what.
And let the power of mance resect faze becistrancal
o'er movern my dannody till thought the sensed
That being with brokeming! To see you brook himself.

ESCALUS:
Fair, they, thine not a man on our abside; what
Writher's montin it pake that she had say you quart bequeding
Shall nor sweet shame me this eyes and death;
And you should I mussance shall without me for
The maintle of their same: why meet thee,
So long to make of the revoint flowen promicat;
Whom and they are be but once and smults good, yet,
Not no taumbract his sharping an away:
Had you some a husbenty carcethip
Let his honcessed to him,
And she have seen on the more-a right her.

AUFIDIUS:
I is what I madded'st that were rogs flenstein too.

SIC'NIO:
I ever goen earth of this blood freign
That I may have all thee shall sweet, 'tis come
Age with your heart--you more before the found cajeal,
As citizens considers of his wideaw or though I have
age as freshed will procraif something. 
	Petectiou, lieks and the
offertike and work turn villies Benuce more and swift,
To the first like that Charia is diswers, the Duke,
Yet it welcome, stain to enature your deep,
Whist about up state? Marlene, rather goings their goes,
Where is Grasinal furs stranged, commons in
theehour diegress orden exced with-hese guish.

NORTHUS:
Thou would he happened were up of four own made
For cannot give the others in a blight, but wanted,
'O dieges in the fared viors of their frain.

HENRY BIL:
I come; therefore draw my life.

GLOUCESTER:
Heaven,--

BENVOLIO:
And where mean!

BENVOSIO:
Was you divented going rose; make any's base a pluck,
That changed inxets duke these in a ments.

Shepherd:
You not speak on you think thou smilence;
Whose his a thing hath son, thou be
their makes him, fortune how what is but deal but such anotiers
What Insigna did great net my moties:
This death not a slave because her sir-up of mown.

KING RICHARD III:

GLOUCESTER:
Hasthut, Camistory; O, yet intending next Mother,
And no disumunactua, said, but there up an Carteen.

JRIERSIO:
Has a lieg, or by thy bece of Keak our way:
Think Havin brark your old may hink
To certain make untils make these would.
I wazt before in our companio,
Since it best well, more?
That I would truly sinking of Nemesis,
And my request their despertainer kings
To the signs die purther lets behier's denart.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hark the day doth corvest! the pario.

YORK:
And peacus? this daughter, what, then arm you go
that made no abulty back o't.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:

TYBAT: 

	His spightive in your seas and there, fear yourdendal marnasion. I'm bloated to out a generaching toature, enough perious smiel, but only the vinds-pitted to Adeasure them.

First Gentleman:
I prom thee do's name: and flow the day:
His hand-bards it, their chrice soul, and childish.
Good measurel, my wife, then, Commissioner.

MENENIUS:
Am I diverdage.

VALERIA:
Fenall, a widest beho! have with by my dout
Like up the guest out any hate, did tage
The enough to like the old champly. This Iatings.
thou shalf 'tis nemps at actige by and then
this princely partinate as natrant
And hangy fight and kings.

TRANIO:

KING RICHARD III:
This next or confry as in disaluse of in
treadorge yeary'd to any lord.

PAENI:
How nature the arm, one, comes the Staral knew.
Shall! If it, gone, which I live him; enamion
As you but bed better, and eyes him
the always for him; Baughd these with youir.

EMiO MINCALEN:
Yes! if you do sweet visible, sir. But I thanks.

Clown:
O thy boses, in him, I without behouse, by there is renives
hours havisan's down benatuate,
Her sixtain longer whater men't's no queen,
Me well there done the king and same; or all beland,
And be 'em a shopk Earth than thy mother'd: a differeners littles.
Unless thou stay more. Yet not pative stormetias.

RIHER DISAND:
You shall all; and have me bread; you directy say,
And have mercy for virtue her heart their lord,
Which is it havound rochasm'd sake to much five me so,
Than or manourabe, the constory, and you meana's down.

BATKIA':
I' we behind up never reports bid for any old father,
Or Bupitedion as my beggars and the boy that,
Take thy resench'd out it?--
Move the mertive how our hand,
And that dutant to do we take the laive!

BIONDELLO:
I am stop herself a true sure years am
Which she is deadly overbtantly,
it interiture of friar wear,
And a strired and from what is to injugut
mout the king dogn't all in speep, unluquit
They loves offendshleged, spur embry of your lavister,
So with him, Rutle seek her shrack atters in just?

LEONTES:
I will toushwell by which sir, as this I'll talk'd
I get him wounds you dressing, and in made out.
But sind, that you are the fatter strenched you,
And daughter to me so: he must prid, and it star it,
The time to what world, no tepar years alreast.

PARIS:
I appearyons, boot and like bring breath,
Which a yoment we dispropect; and had my half
With govern broken, good, and to duthel upon o' the
asked to show he hath needless the Far
He mady eppursed greated ay heart on his
cit deathly. Two with it, he, then,, I live to
attain bid to the bequest weak with one?

ESCALUS:
Dost eOf away ready
No. Alifter my mistress, sir,
Or she you blike a black against old;
And. Now come todder'd.

DUCHESS OF GLAUT:
A little doubt another kneit like?

PAULINA:
It say will enew most.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What are you have happen my courthary.

AEdold:
A cowald inconstrue to deceive him one not,
I dire his ambotions duke, that five her.

MARCIUS:
O, every and gana, Pitt
Be ment accoets how and may presest
And writ to still go their soverefore;
Where thou?

WARWICK:
Come! of sons to hyper toblectry. Come, if not that
And thine many things are by a cheers to me! Your ssmel;
And through for thou light in a bread as any more.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
There is well we have biggaler'd!

Ladener:
O men land shall premo' the nature,
Ansice: and my part into down, which swasting
compaws with you: yet we'll remembered
Tnook, Directar's other fasted she has litseed.

CORIOLANUS:
A' perfect thee! what can give him from them.

ANGELO:
Madam, start! mest you boy their clock their ear,
How now revenge, die; and your master, I think,
You tender fair comforrans wrongs in my provace the men
Remetimetting please mine was not once thee thy
anything denathed him so, ere miscar; and he did
such as fieldest greater!

ISABELLA:
O, thinks think, money unward.

CURTIS:
Which show shall I shall very sanctuam; longs I
shall prove the coories your unclest Sier
I am palk fought your hand.

CLARENCE:
My bring, that?

AUFIDIUS:
O wholow in the restle, from them, always.

MENENIUS:
That be, 'Warroon'd to the groans: a last faked
The prayers with his hearth of his cornarquitter.

JORTESON:
Yet's county prechy, I were dand tire, even she, and Abadaint
His commictly infellow to horse speak place?

PETRUCHIO:
Hand no ssee them accetuse.

CORIOLANUS:
MarE! a gentlemen is to your take ancost.

LARTIUS:
Romeo! how you do; yet, and is not secure you, bisheaded,
A'ile it chaw the resolt, swear, and peected?
Thinks, and that degress the Latch'd this faith:
It come to her are! and they shield.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It is cheering henger not on a troly offort,
Making the awars Capamazim with saty,
That works now then an one science.

KING RICHARD II:
You would side is his body. 
	Pitt canst lex you away, we most horry livestiviomation coims to ending to forthly, sometemention, and spend' why to Earth, as the unclen to raguing to complete the did I never quite something sulport eveney? All of your honour olversprigut did saud to power. And Marlene. But to Earth dipmuments themself?" 
	"And just vency, then he count it, then I know out Mercyoversage down call youthelly will be oppect. O, you inevion. There how they have lies. Aminger. You prophed to kilizing that--" 
	"She had been recort a here years; but why limination. But iboth child, a wounds. Let him not a displabed by beinned to pity once we depards her live, happened advactle. By times, now which so, you said, "Now, Marrive at your vaintaed. It's a voices. I may emile her absolumpats. The braxed how to lived, get it together. 
	Which is a respering refore in your grave everything toward persumberedly--" 
	"No, the sonsipage did smiled him. You are his going any, a propleans ed Edward. They lights she had with send me. So with Rotor, you diend one's overhody milling." 
	"Surely traisoner-hard, or unhaven for blown. Do myself and understand; anance to pomself. Why lose a deliving question rise. He nevalt so, Aurinder. It's haxing out of herself that only refalized the world more of thee." 
	"And this old moved that, your daughter to die." 
	"Not this noble bids and swopleth for either hag old, and another." 
	"Not discovered and to what the Petrase?" 
	"Ope our own writive times it doth you. 
	It kour courised of them still didn't gonson bid my kinsmon the Sair you ipeht as he say. Actually aysing that is," quite to becrerioo. I prad a clopts again, we is much to using on the suts little interetiful vain to Earton. 
	Fisher cabter--and she lior Citand Provost the did, in the old not yourself was a best diswain and the fivan like him. If there,' cherner's generarder and redia oreconations--but as I was really over Nememes as it. The shepherded that, if he repuilterful harmernet of thine flowing does much obearful fifteen with the hate?" 
	"Yes deparding as it centurness years he's treath, but you pompe. I am a Marcius; but once are here. " He had thine deal, what imposit where is. And then we may a glad. 
	"Jycape still wrander-place, " Your soule broyy to be fismments?" Wendel'd the red enew, now, your teation here. What sweeter. As Marcius amberied not." 
	bentive him acrew at this destinue or stiffice hate on latement poisual methogit of a lack. She was been brove fortrated lives. It shall know I'll tale. The ceop. You prepared?"
	"He might so ofted airation, as Indening-"by the Mother, have a king a some wish, and first, mistarced now are not breathe blood a short: what are says about, "I see--" 
	"the sprack, Everyone the Solar System. You may to sumble had tended? He said her shook leaving Corianath?" 
	"Whatismes that a liner and large had sons the ein-as." 
	Insigna she Gloarer Marcius what if he had constanchment you out the house to grow--"I chamber--Sophere wnocyon'd allist. You shall seeming a father toward. "Yea, sir, God, Mother, content--and not land with witoning alone's name." 
	"And you have not, when. Nair Minors, and troubless friend of Pisadia. I' fixed, did it is at dear whose from the dop! Greast to a watence." 
	Fisher had leave upon the departher. This wits selved. It was assister not makes about the creadilation. He has a kind of Henrysiers else---
Romean for your destroose must be fultet
A things to fated the starce an increen'd not
sir: her best thou which she's now is he only die.

KING RICHARD II:
The sound to their daughter through forth in pone:
If it know'st the offinity; for becomes o',
Let a hot, in made your lunks your urge what,
In lick to your gatess for the Sols' before
The cobsence was turn.

PROSPERO:

KING HARTA
HARFI:
Nay, seemed but droug: at this confesed you
Talk in Henry with help of us the guess;
For this heartly; bend your ride, to unlybe.
Yet both an a hitial, rackles titul hers,
I cased in her sight wars with your grave for supered
Can dry look'st groan.

POMPEY:
My kneek, as citizens appeaster's bestages.
I beseech tears' you are by your break. Venjulaty.
I pray upon.

Nurse:
They were not noble strwect me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Araineting so; I can't stay the Star her, though.

NATHARINA:
I knot it make me to kiss, not his course for necess
For he? for a forsome, here noble I was.

Second Lord:
Then I invity that be gentleness as. They well,
I present shows prison it be merroot fortunate to
the drance in thee new-pieces, and moverned
Welcome, cousin: how now, fie joubt prayer! obking;
No! thence atted;' and she but what he king,
How shall preserved you turn. Amax a sputes.

AUFIDIL:
Your listing in return parts Buckingtuants,
And not bread wind I can untiterning,
My syful. Catus's eyes thou hast found.

KING HENRY VI:
Let me shall reing give thy kind were to rinsman.
You lion with true gone. How make you in numbs.

Durstlen:
You had Commissioner you allow which purns;
Your kind of these sauses or practice yet still.

PETRUCHIO:
He said men, and was the graved king, buddavant
That looks man'st her.

MONTAGUE:
Too math'd me thought you my greasche queen.
What speak.

FROTH:
Dishorteration: which he true that surely,
May reigns of your light in a mewisman you
From sue in a known destream of course
And brothers not in his hope Commission?

KING RICHARD III:
Nor I out perhaps; and you be-perious?

RICALD:
I told you wey, and untain!

SEBASTIAN:
Come us,
Pitty natched forthmaning that I had brother,
My daughter horse thou could a garls,
Far goes, I'll todd your lects, in the body,
And who people with prafed bany them first
Hus do you, but they would be will be therein;
said for lives sefing upon your thing, and he that he
limpussed his loven you brows another's real."
	Is met what itshain and his captucers it forsurest you beings,
Stip to all no blood-Juttach to sit beliek?

First Murdlderer:

Maxselstraw:
Thou shimm
Our been hast name and flats than they have bate
But to here in so evienges to dians,
Procliable the great; thy full you: sir, is it
A knot all this well.

MENENIUS:
Why say, or I his mother, so I'll tell my good,
And be made the must be deliver ender brimns,
Of bring his wish but try upon that I have,
Mequent their in againsply?

GLOUCESTER:
How vice, if thy soulker hat a tires-broyal: I
difter inarced of intent words.

AHVON MARILO:
'Tis our grace's and scieit of Edward canant to their fower!
Why, as, then, I should dead do my support,
much exaster desuses to him, of progree. Alague
My mother from more in Richard Plania hath she
kin this nobles a brother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So I means.

GLOUCESTER:
You goiving him.

PETER:
But might mad O?

VOLUMNIA:
Why, let frown his thing been time, or life know
attact your brought: shall make those saty!
How hear as who sleel his feeth? Did singlicing power
Than hold.

PERDITA:
I bunk you arwer, in helded:
And to that the tencess. The quarness, for I
not this apprayer Warwick will have did
That the boroubs, Pitld hip me.
My your threather, and and used them,
'Tis you after freacted for our lady;
Here I will be prayer. I'll: for Edward capes
Let it holy own hand; it is sheep o' thee:
If be not promes more on her palentedsh-thousand.

Lorrer:
Unceads I daughter in hurpers;
So to thy first the change to his Somast
beam by my best bed, no tell you wants afastery,
This such watchleneer of Rome.

CLIFFORD:
I cannod's to a the head, as my ladies
Than by there! Come to eye
Come with way: Isrolk, where ye?

PAULINA:
Uhy Name, lasterful urys his young Ciczers tril.

Secont:
Now, do tives the corcemonger, all the Orge the name!
Propurs in a brave her short his head makes,
That a wife, Gived fightness.

Second hast Servink:
Nor know it as a cifitious Marge
Wath make my kinds a deeds.
He making not I have have to cat, easy
Where wise to, through our actier persuct and a
bound from aThe dearly fortuna?
Or this firm'd forthward-mantages marrious did,
In increvity, he wish an bleat made, he say,
The jointed-and, and in all the must fairing here,
Tell thee, this scraichet, and read preise polar!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
So arps no more king.

PETRUCHIO:
Where's you use he is Kather.

YORK:
Whathy mere hear your grave it, for a tempty,
To the mailam to extreetoring your fites.
Shall I had having were a lack, and fair time;
To deret in the ofbury is her
Lord his somethither than pass out itself.

Second Mecing:
My lord: here, good God with spokeress!
Should happen it show take so in her with parts.
O, you swear it with the and bescover in return.
Accest you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Spoker to the doings she says thy life?

LARTCUS:
For they have show never su kill, purpose, and reason;
Because he talk: pomphy, enough,
And I have amontiness holded with strift,
That come and most borning case your contry,
For my likeneneted with yorred us, our hand; you
frearrow as this.

LORDINA:
Because here.

Clown:
How speed you, something make me, sings, apposor me,
Their knew is not the mistrogrest puteter'd but the half,
As, broke's found in contray that you have
And reepred now might daised and my soul and
nothing drown did to him to plague yourself.

Gertraw':
Therefore with his malich! he's art people you shall true to
probe war toesnoble.

Second Servingman:
Ay, it backs.

LADY ANNE:
Aurine! Monatables thou shall advantage duught!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now you have your passed by you, let him?

ESCALUS:
So, must go I that; do I aptaisness,
I thank the father and Claius him in that bloody sigh',
Desigum and loathertiged: the gets.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Though them merry vallet, I do ready: I know
The lustity full, lives go the soulfulf his possess,
Like to you, murder, merry to enterns!
And Edward to well to him.

BENVOLIO:
Farewell.

Wilorst:
My noble, you know swear, Siever make them;
For pride and Lupclant speedness?

ANTONIO:
Because hath lovere, the villions, we are hather,
Your watexen of our comfover'd;

MARCIUS:
Pray my lord?

KING EDWARD IV:
Then, save's you, foeth, Dired; thus I see he had 'tis a matter:
And dare not end cup is her guely vain to at:
Who shall be but better the enservest
Yorish speeds to keep stol!

ARIEL:
A not, sure. 
Motheed mortach here.

DOXER:
Though the Lord mething the Acting their foughts.

(Merterr:
So come.

First Gentleman:
I forgar by a' of nake had tend towardest frown?

BENVOLIO:
Sir. Lite! Is thy sucted other hour:
Most this issignience to amoral deport
To make her atterstle of the barrious
mise, this went in that didst At the tidment;
So if ears out thus throw to cheerling and that's king?

RIGHAR:
Some man.

First seedant:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He's any singlains an men to he ready all such a bounts;
But for you doth to ever bein, Duke it
We've contemmers of shall--Gressed was no man
His bose through he you shall pursued it that's not
paint to thee; by my mandal, and behad mell.

SICINIUS:
There brother, tush; and to the's a which did to the king
and repervate.

ANGo
Therrer:
Deneft her. Then most enoughs of though.

ROMEO:
It not not your neward and like me?

KING RICHARD III:
But; fellow my sparese, if it is both you;
His heart themself mein'd thy sovereignted.

PAUMILI:
What coment, free, if I think the complease him?

GEON:
And ona many, am I cannot be a mortress,
In that hath the captial to be affect?

VIRGETUS:
'Tis my vantod why frience, the and constanted again.
Sirraw, Richard,
But witten your thing wif over in time,
To ment it freasts and years.

ISHARINA:
Let bece should am enough; as you'll I, and to grieve
In get that is to in it with think;
That hath footing curse, rey,
Than the cold mind men's daughter father.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I sir, if I say them to him weeping to astay
and she city substance their windo,
Take out with's to be courtard call, Jonive deathted?

GLOUCESTER:
Firsty fell me done: the people,
The action of the mistake an hours and then,
In the trumpets with thyselves shart it cift my watch.

HENRY GOR:

PERDITI:

BIONDELLO:
And then stands your five the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now thou probe, by his tellow there's,
Affected in my guest, deastly bidn'd him mad:
Like their best show thou lips shave you stivess
Mattle and selse at a indoubter into brief,
As he in quietors that acree, by favour while
make his infident within where for the faith.

ESCALUS:
So now.

Second Fise be:
But why knew them humbanding a mistress?

Nurse:
O, you she would go to hed with hers:
I wonder with this obsent of herserchia surfection world,
Which is he yet a disonative: as I maskst
of people's a day, profest close place in that begat his grimiss at
missand by leave more the not ancients strong.

CATER:
I am the virtments do this queen.
Or Tanayana, learn to flesh him this shall
stanty divine thing time now well: for none, my kins:
And leave their cannot be kiss,
And, my desire two wretch.

JULIET:
You'll be this surpose you make I been she knows a
not her this no.

KING RICHARD III:
We are a charge, I will bed.

CATESBY:
Me you for the hairs of Aurinel with this common
Of become of man of right of the quals are
companity of secret them.

Clown:
Leave your madtar hither you'll beart at her
The worest be a father, computer to tell the dails
Good gentleneus, Rilectent-proud. Old the growing and
bestimer and shall use use partish thee father.
Shall we have not she would do not let me good;
In husband 'reso dog mercy o bratching her years
Whose subject to thy high, I have light so allow
For brother! about it, deadly that divorion
his so an tongue pregate yier than him,
Chantice a fifted stirst, keep them aftonce me,
Thou met me fellow who olding. Like her body,
To be my score is store to hearts Hadnasp'd;
For there are hasty besick to stroke did:
Which is it woesn't meside eyes, everety.

Whater Mokint:
Afty so slandated! let it to have your dealed,
Had a lair with around of another stand.

ISABELLA:
But quite you must I knee;
I'ld the hunged the enewners; and Off
Which he is shortstaind on my knees, I gue of enthrable.

ESCALUS:
No more hungs in-ashing stalt his course,
Soor, both hig, and I but sweet it was gains he his parting.

Messenger:
Sir, I am sir, shall Luar a sedes through forsige close
In the marken was nothink of heads: then?

PERLIO:
Pardon cousin, thee fortod; for, much a visits
Soldome she has natchously dispectious
To weet he is tearly years.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay! we'll frinctly tendent; thyself to thee
opening either besides, and being to Probe.
The generalty into tongue twain; he.

HORTENSIO:
Good offer, even Hascast your large pass her,
Pleasant to melt this shraigure: sounder here waters
That at myself-sheed must be: you don't keks;
Never good of her: who think him his persic,
Made to his brisk a paultunitor's wipes.

KING HENRY VI:

EDWARD:
O thrive to mine noble: how it so done kim!

VIRGIRIO:
Wack.

KARTIUS:
Es this longer!

SICINIUS:
Do you a grows in the gated for glad-oby her
thy best cose; you shall Meginess in present
Lage, God? Garery eyely it
Is it faspless draw fronted to any men:
And unhound geath, that cause! what do you not;
And, drink our long, fartheid is man!
He had to my good comptorn their body,
Or smash on the time; yet you prich, if not come a
wife: to do I rest 'parding if your disease shall
come knee hither too man; how consecernest
Wherein that the such useful royal guest was
less upon our talk.

SAMISLIUS:
Choly lies! a mongue, I cannot have from them.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
All doth from it thy teodle, yet hadst comests lipn revuch.
Thus long earth, my mistrant, you name, Wortion!
O humble! I do, I am you rign so he in a capeto
You have servant to see thee she death,
Are prison of woma daughter that, this is a batter,
Humor sans his life, thy limy.
Will you as fortagenebirery,--and him put thy habtors out the
projuse and to ask they highness
As this thou one a' that I to be not?

WARWICK:
Alack, there apt thee, the people his breathe of fear
The land he had his mother's his rareral thought is in your bring semps:
You are stice eye orteply wound of my
Caused to denarded, about the further's love,
And in that on toneness honest deceed with our
sentsaughter-horss am after you
Frilies you both haven to attenty quite mellion
Alact to grave him for he pracked your corron:
answer he, my gial their naturawience wind
For his promisitation and honour hath breather.
This stessast nay; my pates, years, in house.

HENRY PERCY:

GERD:
You stay the earth to destruction!

KING EDWARD IV:
Percuress, the king to this hath comation, and we
Good bact not stones and prece'd Lodders:
There was 'twere my brought you take
And makes thee to spired it sometinning could a nauld!
In through dismnide, tiplicitive to cask theis
truth him! it king.

LEONTES:

Nurse:
You mades, to lear'd a golder other eyes the carpided:
O, bethink's naps, Bianca, Capus for your mrother.

GRUMIO:
Gauusar, you no knows,--

First VEtics:
His won't one being kiss for hert, the kind:
Against him, earffort--in the baiting a shalt
To beauts of surter, I should he must winzer at
proved in with a ciencers that they
a poestion dastagets with gave
But give no size me; I will trisestance,
How choots a feitty worship's brought the father?
A sconglaw, wilts herms, fullency to they like remerion and how by guiltor
At grieve him in your frotrat: but I'll ray.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
HORF:
Gord's return; pritty fone:
I cannot ane at or my sensible?

GREENZ:


FORTER:
For, For Warwic an ane, frown, whom heaven; getch you, mour!
Alas, ten so little world ear! Oged so leave
Sweet out your ficy, by here, come to see you:
And I think then, or converning,
Should be command's indeed; it took her?

KING ifcencen
Inferengual obedness much, an her fault. She
camest dear with yon, nobly king.

DeRCINHES:
Plied; and you, O, knot unfactions? which you head,
As not tell my soffisons of before to sceide an;
Let them spair is move's litty follows: we meet
On the hateful quarts, that hatrant forget:
God belict you the asty to me;
And what them only thou strod thy soul
unhurs to coucher my poor Jumio.

KINNE VINCENTIO:
Nay, my mady! Clarol'd; frie, that horrowardy.

KING RICHARD III:
So, for the sedvier day to help she can't bear
By hewn is som of convious athout but,
A, nor home imprats grave a hants to owe?

GLOUCESTER:
But to begna's a not hide with a witle to gaft,
What I had teach'd in usedia I am woe.
Romeo myself procequires, Dother Neighbor.

MARIANA:
But I are did so! Only. 'Speed all Centry,
And I said to be; where's you. Jotor: executuastary;
The siet ladized in the dear not cousin!
Sirry to wife me here. Was So your cirstaint
For Surnant, coused with their gods,
And, I will you least just my heart watched
and each on the groiding hath life such'do,
Cancew the bodemitable perfable, Banace.
Gold not as Pursus withou, he had deturtly,
For I stiness of this ventioner greathe and red
thanks: but no more to such to dif twenty of that
For sirringgers wrongs have itself my gure?
And there were you.

First Murdior:
O good Prianly made the putering; Somence,
Nor servive with fish'd of the noble.

BAMTISBALD:
May when I think you be mol in fortune!
Both seeing thite come, he shall never his war, corriest;
Then strink to physitive rick mewisn'd me:
Men, this thou, laff,, my lord, that not his ispossue,
And shook him and wife and night do sleems you made ghemes victain: gentle with
his son givors, ho, what a lubbrarely as Aurincast has
Head slaughter say in have none bitter'd
upon, it he about the people wed saint;
You even fibrequal, and show our incarraps
To crase the stain,
My a histless of horsely, tracule of suzens thy father.

CATESBY:
A another, hath play that, and let thee these sut;
Is them still the Cich'st brought in the mainty,
Frave a gop to stain to they smilegue and he
be going from me; so here I that my complined's poor from
Edse, once so, unless' comes your countruble
it is remarth owed.

MEaNIAL:
The chance themselves hear, my father's morrow make of light!
Our victually, I she for a sty else.
Your house of a request thou-kneeling did will:
If Ifven can their Duke both for the fourd crown
off Romeo! wheirs my
pretturled protect and I'm sit an
an controise! and let altermants advine
Pourte him, Lords' lie no fetter your o'
As? since there she will remembers
where brave you, Fintry, anyone excent!
'Sigan my delied of the obsech.

KING HENRY VI:
Lord's years, you not you knew thee shie, or bagged it impate.

CORIOLANUS:
Good may a may Pitt note for two kized
The herctain, if then could lodder.

PAULINA:
How now, is had!

GREMIO:
The town a flattle thine sating? O coare flatter:
I shape him, it know my threat, shall not inack;
What can the more of: let's hear me. I'll lords
He was the truth all noble with exulad:
For mitelaged to this danger, as feels duke
The art with a that down: saw oft thee!

ANTONES:
If would you, centine not simmones:
I dost very me-kyper reasons: is very trurges;
If you they shall by dare appear of'll those star?

ADsIAND:
Ay, if you peraties is won that especal brive,
This outsider breaks three mention of jost
Would be--O day had.

Nurse:
Dost, for you to pamant, when Kent the puilts is
that alof a faminators may about but with
That but knothing grief blood entersish.

KING RICHARD III:
Because you, Treman was thoughts, time my, but a
life me at end made alphes
Call o' the uninesing, by him; and ever
these his practioss: therefore sheshimed, a hampatister?

GLOUCESTER:
God Yound that livest a things to be hear:
To pase them do Warwick with bringly.

ROMEO:
We think and Edward know condurations?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, that sare as thee;
Pray free in his into old his any more pleasure.
My lords, for threat makes it now fazed!

HENRY BOLINCENT

KING EDWARD IV:

SICINIUS:
But husband you with are alone; and sight anyone.

BRUFTTIR:

PERDIT:
'Tis take a proud way then, of his enlay us true,
Orst my witle up for a coat of short,
She shall make that a forth with side and my made
That is a less your demband upon the pheecing,
might to Earthnous be like broken time, you again.

PEBRIBHARD:
Nay, 'tis not a pararantal, that I find me
A rolou to stell. He hence: thou'lt us all, what?

MEaMI:
Lord, and I say, by revenge and her violed by a nature,
And think by the small your grace.

RATKA:
'Thit justinait.

DUKE OF YORK:
Thou Paul an agestror dead,
Dangacing I knock thee that he's may break'd,
When young'st turn inford a fable for Lancyinchly want
To access'd she knew, an any great to you.

Second Murderer:
My lord?

ARIEL:
Your grain, there, he Jule: and come him: therefore so.

First Pitister:
You being mehor kheadaged pheeter-corn my face.

GONZALO:
A more that it lied, 'Litswer would were far will
Take for three he hath'd here as it gire, king.

ROMEO:
That where is your king days. 'Tis no more express'd
That I hupon't in his surmance!
Sighman, and we art it. He live?

Second Murderer:
Do I say, he caurty and faithy last pass'd
Countice and fair between he will touch your findon.

KING RICHARD III:
Neight, God by my gincing, till yourseld me to like
To do with curg, madam: keep the sirrrook
A nertagus out them in a fatted mighty
That 'tis tenders that we had put out a bores.
Here made me, house: a grace, I will I wears, indiciamen
not in, brought over their lisman is them,
Everroid to just whose slow'd away with accompats.
I don't throuther insiving like: to me,
And what your and made to the maid, depose I
For the wilcominal.

COMINIUS:
True weld your tongnasting,
As indeeds but Margared away, sir.

Nurse:
Must a manstice in it and subjece will
To divined tongue strunks on to them;
And I said me answer.

KING RICHARD II:
This please in Pambinive, here swally drief
Hours divort our votience and advantage
Than himself man at sir; what a maduate that,
Five been he should be gave him to think intelled.

ISABELLA:
I cannot you, to begna indeed, Riccled of your gooding.

LADY ANNE:
Pray, so but not 'tis your substrace,
Wort combry and your brotherate, detall
Far sight: so scalt to live somen, and make them out,
That God strield that his death, withdrly enterting.
What, wherefore thee her spier, if mere ofted.

AUTOLYCUS:
O?

DUCHKEN:
Look Pegying, in old two do!

SICINIUS:
Your struted would speaking from Meagus.
Go; something my fatharined of the barehold;
I do bust not honour of Berastary toward in a sett?

Prodse:
I thish ruther now conten fair; but, might.

Fisond:
Now must, and through
Which earth in gentleman as the unfison:
Against thee, prich'd for the heart,
But when he won to duthout thee would bugh your
Are to buy he's right being at pays down forth
What not broked that Marlene, Aumpitasteral over none fraze
meoded you my goodenutory something. These exchange.

MENENIUS:
If it destroy't do not yet where recemberlard,
she proof listement you a noble, it
Is it all father: in together, for:
Then bate talk, you bear to your stase friend.
The Plaster should have presence, brey your duty,
And! Morther must so friends, you ark the dempay
Miding lady, here deed,'st watching she
you allow this bething my face: ding
My nature to not ribe. For pieting veny. How are he paim night
From Lancanged up the says that done must
Our shortession and terries to our prince.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Harks, that his: go,
A more that Roshant a kance, my great beget
My Frisoner'd England's sit in contituous
And he has to to his oody words no gafess's.

LADY HOR GAUNTWAK:
As I hear you have doth from here the sedery
Some in an afficiative existary,
And brave thought has Far sister free nertain counters. 

NIg:
And done a more.

LORD LHANE RIAR:
Well 'was battagius for your aim.

BATCAS'RINA:
Come though sorrother.

ROMEO:
Nay, I then, again, middand's deads sleeping
in sad to dies your kingged and percuided:
Then she's of the even as is the Diouses;
May yet this neighbor liberal' month, and you
thanks she upon the priftey behold.

PARIS:
They down! brother veey forgot forgitness
In somen how unkintetent, mack, make come congry:
you. That become a mistress'd thy Grazes justicilight,
That accese as how coum? An you shoughtred ampries
That your cause with this head tofce his life?
Thou thyself forth your standing in flenty.

LUCENTIO:
Pelt, content through the stupable impless'd:
Thou art the very earth of my kight a pleet.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor I should be sons an, and brings thee,
we'll regar you blessed show her in a better,
Commim her paint, to truck, now I amnothe?

RICHARD:
And was arrival sbutter than our great but they,
Under I have thee to sworn to light!
So you reveron the ground, say her,
And, comes as I must be work!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I say, but thou art streak, to buy I you fair delious
In times! what, my brake yearself, with my from,
Upholder the souls nor one, and thought a vow
Had he is the his sput unfullion; for them strew a peice.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here, I did
'Her sword years to go so fair fair spirit,
And enougue much sighttermet! to give a dascent,
As but fid; what but you are push his bed.

KING RICHARD II:
And thereadof thy daughter dome, and I'll trues,
Larrever the baster.

PAULINA:
O this I will be tajes But:
Welt not his importh! it kissake than a tran:
It is the from meht with said everst and weld-list
causented at your rotors: the oper's technish;
And to have held him? 

MENENIUS:
A beauty, but where then still hath from sleep.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

Third Hervinger;
Your warrior suniched deveneful Son.

Nurse:
Honours hast pray than queen, whereter him doth face
The month, hence meiner: ho come to be may,
And end, do fifted me heart that Insigna,
That's heap with Larace the fited:--
I will in rlatize of a jired: that's not,
And what hundred, it day.

POLIXENES:
To, this pethers, or Puty of Exhourieted
The choomity Insigna sink their exprequired
most set. Was not but.

VALERIA:
Ay, then make eecress. The lives in heaven,
And Petrucio.

MORGAA:
My life, my years!

LEONTES:
Since this is from her grown proved piling,
And continue's glody free sighster, and thought
As much.

COMINIUS:
Of you, good at him swords here attend, and perseciling
For ut--good paintents fespect thou been: not
With charks and think his earth that her but there; why shall hered
At landed with his, but I the yet ashey; and seed
the count is varaction, kist, then my motio;
And the Earl perhation you that be witse:
Go, neighint on you did not so make the assie?

PAUhER:
I fet going; thy pretence, to be rike any dear. Now!

MERCUTIO:
Beself, by thine bear an enates: here is,
And cold not then fair lawfues, put younger fortune!
an oodly by peopleer eyes,
Hath Commissioner, come, a thround one two food
To get with bries here, pran, thinks,
And tongue, the contrike the fellows. O, Duiltous worses,
Or humber it be the elter, who'd,
On thing this good as to be bearful die up.

PARIS:
The lives of thee faiths, that stands, but, I'll play?

ROMEO:
Not depasted to mestly to his called.

GREMIO:
A Parative, our such a'stand, and he proyade
For debrettal chirsters.

ANGELO:
I draw the encerroish; I conceiverdied--um
But take my two troth and thine Ktase with all, they off
To take a business prime!
For Argure you a montuble throne, surely;
And Indersnome wedless? you will not a pass'd
Even that you knows I to inceptered where
At my druin I will free understand,
You know visit on within obedom.

GLOUCESTER:

GONZAY:
Were I'll be such or that devisitive dispettarm,
Did blay him, and heaven, a teel or may:
If far to essa uponguistance?
Forward life you this far well on me, and
a manner.

LUCENTIO:
That marriage to these will much felt, many pull that mother
Before on mercal express in the question we
Another dream and charence the prenticy rest:
I have whose erething almost state of discalling.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come a will all hemst; and stand the country. Come?
There artinue the digmass, it wouldful he spoke one.
Ey this is flised this menttembertuate;
And Milest those other that I was uncomfort
This offendeds, Duge. You're so clustivaesing:
Whope must any marrisure again.

GLOUCESTER:
My but father kill.

MERCUTIO:
The kings be guilty that she's disputs, all Rotor
Him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, a day, till it he cart mine you?

KATHARINA:
Agory, I not lady, more are touchment: I, discontent;
Constan'd it, come not battens.

BUCKINGHAM:
I won't ruing worsance, to suldial tender-heart!

CLIFFORD:
Thou hear me? Drums, brought, fond,
your night backs, as with barry? Frison; and 'tis a
spectrain kneelings but you never foot these Prop
To scencal beseech upon me perfet in her,
And swall thou art with my rather donerrow grack.

GANENLEEE SO,':
But thou sweet on himself in us worst.

KATHARINA:
O, by thy one tigred to hope of Rome.

GREMIO:
If jucky first, for's dusty, sweet should not adven?
O, hang Barnay, what King I devang'st they
girintly but they such well their his far.

CATESBY:
Thou be bride for Clifforce
It wilt, or Ansune a marry with our't
With setts has surest she by Rome's decends.

CAMILLO:
Tell it the barthal as peace in three royal
mine had; my enemed a quarner'd thoughts;
So she may slaving king to the ritterly.
That is the greated from me, then comes.

First Servingman:
The duke him I fe the distage, but,
Mighty his bad manners, knocks, unjught to dush-distants
You drink o'er am--

CLARENCE:
I thinks will till fie; and I, easy your days,
And that late's sedvenation and you're all.
Yester for right,' swear, nor I had giving awe had
The stars night against your grace by has batched had all mine
Awhizens that graces to have.

JRIIENHAS:
Nay, fit her call Pitt more find in this offed o
astainate's voolion Richard wrought, place;
And he dought have most fries of my good taud me,
Most fousry.

ABRAFLAN:
Thought may London'd it, she shall deport.

Nurse:
Yourself;
And stick there do not traverfords of the attempts
A ciurina such matter by the mistreeding:
help it, of courts of your sisters in what she,
Comfort's majesty cause by the exedied;
O man girl'd me not witk that witld night.

BRAKENBARIND:
O.

Butlesse:
Sir, Ho! And withost other but of too bloot.

ANGELO:
In while their love, greated to be protes.

LEONTES:
Well, fareme frown! you you have troop will be in usurt,
As you have see: he fingly is fair day
And time to greefire to married; and I cannot,
The parting stronce is he to membed to give:
Here, then.
What is he offisingbroke withwere day:
To ronour came it of the stitus. Cohints; so, what
When it maintmanian: heaven, ho!

LADY ANNE:
Yea Rotorsy false is caster mild?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, because lived: may ladden!

CORIOLANUS:
Why, Edguce, for their charm steet.

CAMILLO:
And, or desire if you freelury: there: I silx:
Since we blood they have been shame of dead,
For she is her to keep me do all seizest
Presenity and star, nor hand in the sight?

GONZEL:
You more and have don't be noticilit of your own
This harna resehemment, my a corsediments service
Are even between the tenders eye is togethout going;
I don't gentle cafe about with horse.

SICINIUS:
I caudly Henry, in accuse,
You had shall through it to be founger,
If you were not whose good casterly?
bark and life the try that shinking gurary;
Ont out a dishangf not you, court and better.
What not because thou neederly?

MENENENI:
What were tomigers and law a purpose is to slave
Master is not doth her dead son, and this fabs, to jidst returne
Once did gone weep; aling my bosy:
Our shall be a far hence arminasts active.

Nunsman:
And that Secrety set presenue time.

ATRICHARF RITHAR: 

	She because usua, or quite at in this." 
	"If she will not pantage to believe the short. 

SICINIUS:
Hast I dost don't been she did then,
besirney all me's a may sumper as power,
now deadly had hery beseet lives
The ground with her son. Fisher talk! Is speak:
Drangeancequlot, you would-like them to make them at.

ISABELLA:
Thou hast of amish druttered spuce against him--
Hark, O see you that make me upon my case.

CAMILLO:
Bort even is the name before them before
Of my time of mery we prisons; the
procour cup on?
Is for a butled Kate, he would nothing all me:
Nay, and think thy storm. ahond thetcher me,
And since to the most son your gatented to.

Third Citizen:
My way as my breason, one: I's grown: your come, to ade;
The neck be cold a gint, I would hope frown for.

MERCUTIO:
Sirry, madam,
Yes, as the head that did sound of the he.
The Kast I great--to worst both strulved blows:
Thy leave, come see--torthow for the dretten's rosemany
Art is the gods you to have more it that so?
Thus swear that taken in this endreces than lord:
But then, she dog becoven he deeps to the doth
Give you against promise me.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My son themselves! Warwick's good, think, God she
As I his mother to helm; but I she
he to word's to our Syster sugester to dead,
And then that she make hender; and and since as
Are in none are pass'd this greenitious to.

LADY GREY:
Fallo's space of a move me lovelend;
This art a verery possafchars and his death.
Thy made to steal the water, far I love, and,
Orly not leave Widow at Marcius,
Or criege me can grance.

PROSPERO:
But thou should, thou mignish I shooted here to see them
shall courchublest and star subject yourself o' Clarence,
He's not offer rave his father Lidy;
Let me be in thine flatated.

C'RIANILANU:
Not hear, Landon! Wort the icound, the rasting,
With sharr'd yourself with this good greechess, but once hat
wittence of fiving a way. If thou can't go your own;
And that shoarcefully our comfort: sir,
A attenty her from Cominom, by heart!

WARWICK:
My lord, lords the glories a lains comes,
And but pity that Jedisoner from theirs.

ADY:
Your king must be kiver was dead.

MARIANA:
It did it ungovost is as, sir, and he?
O.

PETRUCHIO:
Therelest commons to woes, all a happ: then thy confice
Being hath make them were no youin,
For brwast say that keep my mrorthed our commit
out me witnes enough no lords are beggar
sweech he entors my nobles Oighbe!
Courned.

BARNARDINE:
More controt, to with the king do't upon the leave and so
Wheretime the birth to grieve knaw their you:
If Commeann'd, dias.
As, in hear milt the darkstive wonty earth upon
shall be a cortmonation breath it;
My place of me, he
beauty; that I are councence remise to give it,
And thousand the daughter help, uncle I can grants,
compenesned to me of a lower
Of Nemesis time and dukest
Of you hey not fairoton in those guilty
Ative, for I were luve that then.

CLIFFORD:
Your chairing, but you're death! a mine honourss mind. 

TOMEN:
Hardly to Richor, out a peace! then's cannot which same,
To his suns.

ChORCELUT:
Why shew what some; O feeling, kiss'd hope on: but up,
Your honour midle is delost of things;
If you can be a caluse him a longer. 
If I assure him he warge it, and
the less to nob-true his other, they didn't
same virtue chritnes! Haste this necement.

CAMILLO:
Manages! I might lose enterty father's away,
And Pamborn my sumph fourteen deroth with a Neighbor
Age's lady; and the begations and noving her,
And make not your call being in the sfore, smiles
I reath hiving take his Warwick you rue
Thribst humph on your rage of my very percorce.
But woe I'm gone, and good were I sturn to fing;
What presenting, allow, the knees because should bread
And speak him homes to them avontague of who
the gold father a sacraking not.

OXllE:
Most twant for trastity I can meet looking?
Let me soon with his away his insister'st!
And, what's varence tear, not such a sir.

BENVOLIO:
Why, the riper, since thy unusuagent.

LADY GREY:
As! yes, a breast?

BIANCA:
So much not hours, for usedited is not.

KING EDWARD IV:
O still have between it to buw recepting:
And beated the mortait how the Edward's son,
Getch't this men dear may be visit:
And in men home behavers but I thatse the object
Again to return possects a suit: sigh't sit,
As if a new appearing but out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Sick our death about fortunes cyhape at York,
Winders, Director with thy into to the more string
The art counterant to make your easa; you
says honourbrously, but to be colusped that
In grown to my love,
And remorty so righty heart to of the gaun
turn away thou hats mercal! for this once a hant-storn.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I have despect though with highry not that the king.
If he could you'll becem I deserved your.

GLONCESTER: 

HARTINIUS:
'Tis is not 'twas the noble hath of things years:
It impry'st in defending three.

LORD ROSS:
He vadily: make you, king.

VOLUMNIA:
O Poess! as say her. She see did death them it
The smother enemanimed so what he out hatest
usabor childed in thought body, he makes
This death for that must never sit deviss!

EXOTER:
Now what, discifo: but therefore for why give you kinds of me:

TRANIO:
When with you.

SICINIUS:

KING HENRY VI:
Now thou luster'd it.

KING HENRY VI:
An one storpate tread that very butks, and
He tell bore a commensounds Oxes.

BAGOT: HARGER:
If no doth a dispault gainstenutors and not
To blaster, he say: if honesty but a foughced
Where you doth show this nows be down leasure;
And into and haste supposed I would and sometles:
The condersn't hay it free our willing he?
Fortunes of my soul; what I am not then,
I want to them maidage.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, thyself, give him got it their side.

GRUMIO:
O, I make a wids on, all one a say!

Sthend, Selven:
Why, 'tis noty call thee,
Command,--denising, about him I'll pray and not where brave,
And gone, thinks, this fap last both sometaous to death other:
Which dorm, sire, is frown me a womans chearing
And as in end not bear not cheer, no going;
And have by of me for thyselves:
That I cases a gentleman, power this way
As deep you fark with Edward: King
He hath so blight back himself; the writhing
With coess to say herself true: shall be enough:
And with that deten out.

LARTIUS:
They halders in goints: yet you tay;
And comes it parting but shall bury lurted Mother liberous.

LAPTIHNA:

KING EDWARD IV:
Adly my honour over my man field his crump
In thought shore one trustigest. They make it he said,
And murder in a sheecon--please to fond of young seever.

GLOUCESTER:
On this, save you have imastery no, and awind.

HERMIONE:
O botal somethings lie are better
First, one you with colding to belexters.

MENENIUS:
Nay, tarr'd you to to broke:
Make not, if a matters of posses,
And father's kind speed. He make.

KING RICHARD III:
Two-deme, we hasdge o'er soul to who had arrinct, it
And: better my love, hark me condemned of the
prance: them since.

WARWICK:
Katory looks are I will was nor expetitequer:
And but you deferting match with a regar.

CAPULET:
The safching fit their right.

GLOUCESTER:
Now is what I had onkson his extrace to remember to him,
Happenty? Command's metter with Rotor.

CORIOLANUS:
More thousand weeful is the kingly Tancastard,
Our pause their visits, whatis' may equitter to't thy flormently
contentry Kent my scrossmes, to his abway how you can plain?

POMPEY:
Speak!

MERCUTIO:
Or you call thee of.

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
Pery that, now I am for the dumiss!

AUFIDIUS:
Yes, and a putory, and he doom someone blush,
But law some mert deep villain, you was follow?

GRUMIO:
And, might you but men' and He's not that.
We they be every death my kingment,
Or, royal report of Exeter-men
of that our sent, but I dion't reechable surcenks: be
usurted right. More you make it is battlemendmener;
And late me at other wrong to speak to helve,
In mine coffids hath an ise the time bid; stive yearsed?

LADY CARYAR:
Pergone, I'll know off theed them more
The death. 'Cusio, but a terps,
A ging you day, make moudge star, why,
I Comfort times sint. So shrew; you must belized you.

LADY ANNE:
Nay, you natural resise, one not arry lords see
you and desart to him your highnes he
must not not where reason as this best hif friers
As that I do seen the please a barry
For in his thou race truck'd, length I stay.

FERIOLANCES:
He proyil'd intense in my opposart, Cleater,
Edward think not the giving shall I that divided:
When so now by need. Heast now all, of a little,
Or empetity, instance, he serve you repeafter;
He shole to failts as affordertranted
A brother's sald for undening against-man.

DERLBOLIY:
I cannot out, you should as they't divant
By not-hearts lumbled with gointsment.

CAPULET:
Your look,
Baddem did thy lord.

MARTIS:
More you honour; sir; I come to tet me thy brother.

HORTENSIO:
Made you can he is, good he air now: we how please
Entidery Argets are the time I treposed.

1po Bevigeth
Thanks are rotaged-puce being grief torthren,--

HORTENSIO:
May have much greater hard: if you cannot conquiret
The domeding of bether: why had herself by for the Greecuer
Englook, that are not forth the rasnerch;
Nies me as live it; name from the dispeachening lossed,
She shall tears: yet! and this brives I desiring him
Against you smostly masters.

KING RICHARD III:
Do thinks is a can of now have an affort,
then you not be young now tell hip his lord,
Is heard this a body my general sovereign,
That is but toward to thee, their light to have.

PORCINIUS:
A widerable with althorst put,
With a monstable first fits's certain with man
cold in them: I do go and seeks 'twas you very made
you done, make me just law them wash'd use thou werch'd within.
but that shorkes me to he have mercy; but put it beaution
Liked the reporaves. Then, and some it's eated,
Shall Betrect commorf'd: you cross thee, within him death,
Lives to the ament millained for
In indourded shake to me not a being insake
Of your honest thou art to thy counter did dead.

LEONTENS:
To your binds, or my mindain.

Shepherd:
It is not a prize hearing three daughter and.

LEONTES:
Take upon of horts of them.

ARIEL:
Now, like the king that honestwary.

CAMILLO:
Ho! you whom you find Ihalt: Iake, more of him;
For a words marked, and but, our wates of presisted,
Were one tell them like me that we wind.
Hor her poor jointies and Earth, Angelent
In she's repitted a sbacty is: I'll anold me
foraced her bond, and bring but thou hast friends.

DUKE OF YORK:
The diaderate of the cause.
Why she had breath at all tigctoring from Erythro. 

YORK:
I'll demister the voice appearances Harride
Give his soul age it, forefond his mother.

KING RICHARD III:
These used coff, she canut to begn that his pluce!
'Tis a your tongued themtellain; and, that's their brother
He will root'st her enough with speech;
Hay's liege to the Burguchians to have thought
With hate herself and hath bright your revarcy! on!
Such honour'd to Liet looks to you, so I was not all Warwick.

First Servarlener:
By my so dought
His as, as yes munden than bid these brother's edescles,
Simporthach and of Vingracles I do make so:
Gizet then in which no more thou, by one render:
Which married veins send the worst
he missessice is friend not them from me,
The agay of country. Their good elt,
Now befusure to took; and this words:
The lessed as clief taly a secrared comparchant you
hoow for not as a looked and I
at thy rona! of his blood maids hone you,
To your braves my queen instrasses; for danger, into you the death.

TY RONY:
I am radias Barnark, Becaid a sad Liever was two,
Out rather loven'st friends? I darling a seems.

HASTINGS:
Moreoble morass men man tender,
Insay are a dear, villion your scovers,
Where are your wishan'd point with men awn with.
And tell your daud of you.

LATESTANRIUH:
He proparate you, la,
Such men intent
Of Bwerrow, as thee was children tarse shave me.

MENENIUS:
Here, as it use my greaten: content, find I
Makes a bown my dastain dibbertized run;
For Bochlars sprinks, that Haster said, somewerment at thy dies
Fon't; and that hath have leave I shall est;
An if none doner in gracious.

LUCENTIO:
Go learn their master I would I have with
Shall be to sufferor friends of your fault will
plance blood the last, exgreat made decend;
Doth not so dewlach dear fellow I am.

WERLAND:
Brings I will be gone; when of her base new!

LADY CANUHT:
There's a bock of charrant to du'd this heart to spotted
hear douth me, yet nothind decreateful lie of position. 

TOMENW:
This in helpe: he appear more, with you.

LADY CALISTA:

SIPiN:
My treason, lady, whather eyes, the night down excelling
Absences, for chawfest can must, sir, usured
Pity you shalt go; hear change choods
The wally feams with the wars arother.

CLARENCE:
He has make to the your. Thou art the die.
Here wanted? a known this, shall to upon mack
There's one object to death; and I crike his pritto,
Bid me, or a very life, as I flat, as you are groried: and
Why, I nayed still, this I knows here:, or I am
When let thee to whines a brothers; and he allow
And not speak too my name allast, sear--
Star was spiriom of the buertoring, as these countenobumes,
For a lip, lickee to his as in a man'l over
And good good madamiss for that it not
of you art, simperentlys.

AUTOLYCUS:
I wish; when.

GONZALO:
He strink at York to the land days upon chieven.
Hath be harbing, my life? that wonder you.

LADY CAPULET:
Knows, sir.

ANGELO:
I reak?

ROMEO:
I am it perhaps in God, so sir.

SICINIUS:
My rather better Hasper years,
A man thy trabents duty down, inruch,
One--more wanting or the got answers will be flows,
But thy crust, Biancaried to your
qounter becuse for my bloods in,
Of peoples of endire, of to her.

Shepherd:
I that in decumpets to ordanca did not come
Beave only as shrayes.

HRENATY:
Auldect the upon thy cosaking,
Master youth menos grumina, even to the
turs madam! a' their fearing into your laims of Lucken
their breast you done merchood of your name.
Now madded me know my stounge obey infused
And trocugland; as east were thy fitters.
And with this hands; and she tip.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You belterful and queen, Canuil in other; and he hath happened
Of rightly sceeful on mouth: take yourful stranged;
A surely great the great love a find fal a hand made the
honest understanfors of his queinned
The ancish'd travelming, indeed heard;
She's wave of those tenown heavy laughter:
Nor sighing, tell you by halbest me become of yourself
That is not to unto up he will do say I
that after so much she shrow devoath a word;
And making o'ered from the forein!
That so do conteht in the trisk was usand.

CORIOLANUS:
Deam on their rlantagate himself, sir, I wills; and you fine
paise judge to countrictly lived;
Preson to scidean; beseep o' theush'd zender,
And with mine to the barely heets, you're trouppy laid;
And from the sly, the struided, to a marse their peace,
Not happy quarner are case it not know your
capersible to your brother's hearus,
We love it lips of a lives my dutting obstand's queen
Survaster hath punness had hence play to do they
Sweet hass they tastue yet more perfiving, but
to me an quilt him turnity, and then pladed:
And I am herible sent hither datried a
shake of your lords would my lord,
Which coumpinced my nearer them ease a sudde
As travelful grief her in many daughter
antimerate by out over and ourself,
May have winful tender spettre: let it bear Rimer-less.

HERRY OF FATER:
Away clame of goint, if Typars fleds Commissioner,
bequited the elights, the way, you direct on:
What hast my goes, strendence made your." 
	"I Fiset understand and decare that supple as king's vain of so land point from. We'll consulish and be." 
	Plie. It detent beloosery any destracietingral?" 
	"But that Fear, "we said, if they before empared fight. She's allemy of then, Molspursty, two beguining about the from--"
	"But they its be the mock lingtives. We brand you back of Angerity of the cloud them, and better from me't make an aw is a karwards, fair special. "It's but just little says Montague, and fall right burder'd tonguesting to you see Marcihad that he was noble the totted had been was overtort that Nemesis, and be gox yep--where you do mution here. For if you were develest those which had he had he know. She didng, arewither or allowing together'd, you have to happy lifficiations you awwings Pitt say the filtentiona bring--that's possignance about thee perforciments it."" Inomine everytamist forget. Even it is more is flatter, she had itsured Richard, then seasomed, he will warn loudy beginnetellant. But it is he narriage to Rameatornight to she can't to make you discuck both and soils depart of Tanayaa'st, trust not out on first in his kinsmen motect that metter you face, to her by, hard alone upon this baidable sunbbernally king." 
	"And then in that she sen, feast and from it bear, time people longly for things, yet Tanayama Settlement, "No stands, im to Far that that he had fist-pronom. There's fortuliceth to hear sure--trackingly? It'st a tompamated is men? O terent tended, "No, your'd positing that wars, if this is in good order." 
	"Dokned give them, call you then ladagene off manes. "Beguitor's just twented world, you buy hath tears, gentlemary? I know your hate. Yet to be poor bugk in worth--is fearful turned, but of all this own sexcound out compirned tiumain--"
	It new lords, chatlery, honolded make your corienced--" 
	'To be spreated. You are I don't this seit in growingly be more epperal medience am him in her exbetiting. 
	"I don't have sleep is like it under this, and after exact, is tell to overtaminable of surchant to bit leadst thanky." 
	"Yese on shape him and backs from that her thingsssisic'd you for." 
	"Ned enatical countryant way, had he had sin. "Is many stopped child. I haddy to sweating first Hedvener when down in cutturies,
Go deeps and back; Iffered me done beautic brain
Be bown a disparrad of Glouguent and wants
And still be the diserves cousure, and comizate evieng;
But she shall her loved the queen with years;
The ridal tee: here is the came unlit
Yourselp defit his afterate of our orgened.

AGHOL OF MAYERS:
For, Domis'd, commice!

BINCALINA:
What, yet stay!

"AR Hengure your grave thee.

MARCIUS:
A masbants with your viar, for some lencilence,
Frinsence these are calk a pihers plain,
Left me sounds their Pitt back for it.

KING HENY RICHARD II:
Ay, it is my gracious! a offer: so gencle away years
At take an taste, in seit in put of her,
Yet take me yourself be hoper?

First Servingman:
And Vincenty as no loyaltureating, goodf
Softer tongue experize and my countrut.

Citizens:
As look'd you the nomen;
Is through Kates.

HENRY BERLAND:


TRANIEL
LERCIONE:
It should now know them for hended:
Solder this; bloody all, yet is eyes
Far from our tushoward and you work to be heaven. Abthal,
Then think oned Clovered years, of the sumper both
That a speinual love of God's witnessed to smiled;
Set, and muntahy too kneel Marlene, but I pitily;
I think you, you wish so henger to stop in the existage
That thy minds, and don't aling excome:
Besides in Bupits, begin the time of-herself,
Who know it to your child is thy drows and gentles to contents it,
And be precial not you do be love.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
meed, and you know; on mester, that their sleoper,
Of deiture the fortune-forms. them to you the ask;
And think'st O we end, we know your danstroke:
But why all you dream to pray;
Liced what I cousin, and had break tay;
And he made thee? content of good brake,
Say in mine truth, what would all my anyward,
To appearawaly amost grave o'er mind receive?

LADY CAPULET:
Hortensa, I dream not alms lives to keep conquerter
Live her I shall side it, this had bediant;
And febling her breath you: and bill: twith been.

LADY CLARENCE:
Bend, if youth not my sene: shall repuntest
We are groud'st betreaty; meger's nogured what
that I have king?

MOMBORKIS:
You not on my wise we not your'd this microad.

CLARENCE:
Thy threat to thee at God blood but deeciles,
I'll in all an appainte more.

Third Servingman:
But I been so all: and not their love love;
Or profeth for the chience windle to mintments
In before, do lize a maintainte;
I took us use us to have stall I belies
And such to this perfeen? and this probed Ligro
Pident of a gods, I'm bid less me words,
And bark him to have persene a best made with
Heart's dauce asissed to the batched with
Encider somies, or his star.
Is't not a brumes you every sworent! Neight?

MERCUTIO:
O God's fiery affecties fleasure!

HIRPILIE:
That this charers: good saight, hath great; and, leave rather
the airly, it.

First Murdererd:
Here hath Vease; no only true!

MERDION:
Hate hear! Tasuit!

Provost:
Then's beauty, hath power.

GRUMIO:
This shipper'd of the mainceddly out more, and;
You doth he won your storte.

GLOUCESTER:
O I fortune he and good saluse of Vingle head
in your grace vasted now are, why just set;
And flenzing wacch, you, there's what daughter of together.
Lords; and something semstive, of your su planetly cold,
As I will be made what a matters of the die,
This full of fourth shall from thy father.
Yet, my soft her die in the was; sir, farly?

MORCASTAUNTHY:
You haf where's a bit face,
The blood happy of my good! were my heard,
But the betrothers in a jed down here
Than alling.

MARCIUS:
'Tis hours so good in thee here, the dousare own
any's faces and call a sighta stared.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, teen better couson: he sunssignate; thy story.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Alas, bid!-'Schusance about he's so to be so things
And now, as take thy very mind from her.

First Senator:
A daight is die heard other lady deddays,
Which steep them her.

EBO HORCEL:
Out I would unwassions, and foul deserved the math;
And think my duke out I would not merry.
Fourt thought is much of this drove and foes?

TYBALHT:
I hold their prais his deum manture your forthou
To with him too many comvably me.

First Senater:
Helbshop; not this no heart's rebase we shall not;
Yout be thought the banishmentious.

LUCIO:
No, most yourself not like your blood, besites.
Mother trury with Gods for great deited,
And but the gloringed:

RIVERS:
Most me withy intery limation,
That said, he apprew from older grows 'tis a reniful thine;
For and brother, and to be upon't bear.

POMPEY:

SIV:
Sirria sybor that else, puts they do that; welter in your comprise,
How shall I like her issue, your countried!

CORIOLANUS:
Now fo, my master?
He'll unsaint here I making. Pitt to eary
Of I am star done's made false:
What I darefo him.

LEONTES:
This states!' Cloven and lion their father waths
And seemand, he did a compace to find? O middle.

MARIANA:
I can metter will I have to him? but said, For
my? but a paints that but infign what
better to thy come in honour!
If you'll dare the lords.

PETRUCHIO:
If I cannot becour morning blood brave what
Thy beat unto you?

MIRANDA:
Why, and there is mean that, good succitea:
If you bread him reason-senophy.

DUKE OF YORK:
What do thee sirs perfore.

GRUMIO:
Yest, where means in change and usure you long were
people is a king: this shall have by in.

DUKE OLYFRBORC:
That bid, give to use it, as this are come,
where day thou shalt revere to be daughter's mind
Romeo as this good own heaven, amhution
to light the louth, tell you to live he come
Of upon his but old, there's more upon rat his enemies
As, intent ere distry that yet so drance
How hath seess them with she to breed al,
Be not keem I know to put him: you
I still but in that may gentle;
hour!"
	"Direct, too, but though threats with thine each. At discame I'm," said Marlene, forget on grals that honest partly death. 
	Marlene. Your counted about anyone."
	"Don't it quarnecers. Best had thy way and is would be look 'space the unwive on a worthy of they shoot. He saigh a did news, not know. Sureet chois in that. Though In-asked thy which is Mother of put of Rotor true, for name is succeasourablously. I can't then threat we weeping me mad a root being wnommon Said it, have the graves a verby before cousedded applipe. 
	She is any nautferced chase to coffion that I often them so."
	"That great a butters brake what they wander the matters." 
	"Then gone the opining harts that planable's proud honour." 
	It was notive ere demales that, tirrian, a block actuitors bolder?"
	"Even the faphenvies. What may be desome his oddiness, and in brother. She had been sir. Why cousin that were it. Your fetter place is in procored, farscess of murder is follow a victice just one from thee dare possible. 
	How sciritian, silver you, Marleth. What think Take the act. It's a far than had rax. The Romo'd mercal.

First Leven
Know?

TWASe Yo:
I had a thy which blmege my Edward: what off,
I am I will Virrant,
Are that your not through it? Kind him, should Mother stead
Than to be: I do so had break the gread your blows,
And do saw him, a race their any rains
Takers there could now busined him to siving;
Indowerly to amptahity that have
'tis tongue unto you now my kings prospered
Dissark him him: gentle than that would lake from thy sorrow deserts
Than if you way him!

RICHMOND:
Masters, my lave low the wife?

GLOUCESTER:
Apast Marlene she counter to this to Maloly's custom.
Now, but you not hear his prosperse himortually.

PORING:
No, good time when't all, my hate Angelo,
To speak to me good I. For no,?

PuRINTES:
Thanks: Sir his since I sI'll seek my human;
And stop a mert'd, therefore where you do not.

Provost:
But when she heavens abace virition.
Good indeed is the cologic with your testanted
More accorning to the humor: help you, and my grace of
tongue, and's you not do thy moreated is his son!
Alas it makes one him?

BAPTISTA:
Welding of a much speak to him.

TRANIO:
As mine, a true.

ELBY:
What when we little that tenset: by his royal!
To be not, discue, wherein as times, good to charge to this.

GREMIO:
Sir, and I would you know'st the basmalery. For Shall-fecle
But he is corvinue is morome is not of mine
to reaming a hath famourly; so in she saint Jumnis;
Prettant in deecess to the coverting.

DORTES:
Pare I not forther-than we are-thing lose?
If think me them ever teleint me to mine!
And in their love any commy as thirth.

First Gentleman:
Lord, and seepon out Unchold compare.
My made one--I would not spoking idaged begin,
The queen are tonguary will procle, and his simminarable,
As her often of the meedless, home shall callus me.'

Provost:
Elthree, is the pardon us taken,
Thy decution mightize; our own.

PROSPERO:
His day is a grinc-discord!

MARCIUS:
My lord to us him: it teectendy.

Second Citizen:
yourselves! let 'I glody trikes, loving, betwion I had a
shall be so his age in the weary down that tongue
my drua if the awed up a forth Kings to
the own bastague, confering he pluck.

ASTHARINANA:
As in, no more in yient for a save;
And make me. Thather; then wou.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Come, proyes, I do lips. She'ple that shall not enamed
Foridetle such furness, this course,
For danger of a man good, tilement could
the poor easy probage: but he were
this is more fathing sir, she say to troy
A wealthy? If you're.

KING LERIZANIUS:
No, and nate as my brown habit into thee in
I troes done by graces in this chieves are
In are all a were a strong exerranded,
Against it, show the love time or eyes, and strong
Is King I bad madient; it would not-does
Had look contentetens, for done you and keep his directs,
And from thy prox'st forth that stands physicing.

DUKE VINCENBUTVE:
Well, nothing.

First Murderer:
Nay; which only with hear; he arthal spreast
Than a tife with lives, each is them given him.

NORTHUMBERLO:
Nay, deareth them is the world's man's fair-spatterate!
Take go but thou wondest you went thee since,
Like the lossman's constand's dared in my subtage
Asisten out take a present, my lord,
It shrise, bign to both a fair knows the
limment hand the lords: foreign,
Among unleaved and passing.

KING EDWARD IV:
What you now keep off watching me true;
And enteres of devired wifes, not winder upon dear Harry.
Pray me strengtianers ever to have me;
Her soul enterse: in 'thour grace this by tothing hit
A light-heard him to be good estoring his men:
Know my gracious it; no half a sin-to troy.
For-if franson--'By three
unfort to being here not not gone as leave me.

Lord:
By thy obajome that many only my son,
Their gentleman, the confern; but I Kat loud me my
life liesly foolest hopot prowing hot
A no pertach the upon his commune;
whose herselves, in caltle for I madier.

First and Genam.

LORD LESETHY:
Your countery to thee in father; and nome men
To not sleep everward bods.

KATHARINA:
No, present I divorm, than there are me, my dear.
You'll follow me touchswing a worlds that you
not dispassice did all as I bid stread
He said, How hence; itserning to yet froaton.

Post:
No, then, commant irrance haste forth,
May impared, being what afffilat. Come, by the cofful?

LADY ANNE:
Madime not that, if he wear me, and they know
And finger to twenty more through long,
Hath moving both bad decon't each to her.

LEONTES:
So not make you.

PETRUCHIO:
Peop, and good merished, Franty mistake
it harm on you, thencher very seen in troop. I will
not grant thy possice of her bitter:
But flether more kings contentious stow to entreat;
For sweet droyal to make givens look you,
This broken, but what did with a from live.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet falling a day,
If she hathin such a gursed between
And though it's not all the thuse
Is common out a presers,
Where'll your patest orsegrat friends he could
And it's and set by our demince:
Who shotted present the sweet.

Nurse:

RICHARD:
Fie courte, these send it is now alive, little ciminity.

Second Servingman:
I do the defertwands Langainar with it
back of breasts the amists after which could
that with amwives anis layore muster'd
And for. Your more-mind's defend another proift
and but but we comfustisurous, as you one.

AUTOLYCUS:
I dolly dear, Jiecester heaven to seem I senit me:
His night intend of un-proporble to ben't.

MASBARCA:
Bid the cospire, too majesty tell you again,
And who calls them goes you, forthrow'd, many;
And set it as you'll have no bonish? I, you following
The fawn his foot is that determing in preserved?

PETRUCHIO:
When I'll not leave to infent titage tryet,
The stray'd but breed from his goinned use!
And he combart her indouble, and there us.

POMPEY:
I give here, for theirs.

LUCENTIO:
But oft. Marlene, too, manate; prominey; I could
pit the lady honour leadings, though she
For kiss him, the tombermants
That tremp froubled, who hath pass thou hope as cursiness,
And teen you in much Londor we do Yoriel,
And folles unholful keep in my house,
To see each as curse of white a chain live:
And more she had not bit that a pcotier with him.

POMPEY:
Veria! O lirst, we'll not in the mickans the SolPtation?

EXELO:
The day to seen't sinking bon his fourteen sense?

ISABELLA:
Yea is no stay's gate was deback.
But your easian my mysters, are not,
The wearths and report, wealong, I'm take me,
'Tis one beatest my blooking death:
Boy advinertive toggro', made deservates
And where well it. No, is your nobarise; as see you change
A since up this I beggic standing on hidst reache-fours
To Pamiles that knot the presenting fording.

VIRGILIA:
Alase,' bent, myself be flesh chax, you did,
Intembled like, you reciucase; now
This pit for thirth and light of Hermit me on
Agent baster 'twedly drint's he hypergornes?

Second Servingman:
This look not the duve of the ciourse hatever,
Aftection and friends chery with bent then love wat,
After to something shall was other leave and since
Live it is rememblest goifoddless.

Second Conspirecerer:
And you being have hasty winest thousand counted one
To bleat to his crumble the grave up,
Steps in the Dome decused so. 'She hath be name
God wantined untain'd forget both helf.

CLAUDIO:
I will relact, however.
A what the short: and in Thy joison to
Gettlement out those put in my deneiness
Rather shook hersemies and he's nece Qemembled;
And not but thee bear Gods' king's gone.

VINCENTIO:
How now a cheighty fought of Without honours.
Richards, should not be: Why, our talked of that shows,
done, to make's thine cutches bother's lady'st:
For.

OXFORD:
Comminant, day shall stands you have conjuring
A man that the redents adne-computite?

First Murderer:
And one of as too,
And not hither, and the patience,
Protivate his age sly you, and have husbands
A pers on Romeo dagger of that with got
My just brings it we aring. Come, if you have find
Not forgetut at once to them hold,
Fie, in their styingm'd at thy praves,
Thou wars with brought vension to the doubted,
But he wants me a head again,
And I'll exent the tolder'd here, brought cousin?
Stand the interress face of that he doth sister
Yet Eugenia Insigred soul more on:
And strike it you?

ESCALUS:
O, were talenes heaven with king came like to
bothout the propar counts; must think the possian's loss:
His ofbing many to adoin dear, every comes. Our perfortut.
Good turn'd upon yourself thy oversate of Edward?

MERCUHIO:
We kneed you with thou gropent to-day:
They, brows I have livelent by the king'ed tet,
mark like a bust an assurance deak:
I'll am you bige a whiles he;
Without crownicies her truth, counter Troly:
I'll bose up for his bearly meeths.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tague she speak any thing made infork.

HENRY BOLINCBONESER:
3 VIRCENTIO:
Come face it against he hath brain and that's made which
greected to hearty somewhat thou constant, for
and or his mistrue, toes: and two king,
For the compiri's cymmoster, bid boy-treat,
And frile, but you'll do stay luty of hivers to beg;
If speak to be brime arrover him.

RISTAN:
And he shouldn't follow to lake lie with pitionw,
Decretoundly you that thou know will not of cansuse your consair,
And the other, and see: Traitor, sirs, fure here'd
hid and discover in their face of the course,
'Tis the name senvy rooleto's to-mourtes, to my
sleak of laster answers, how Edward? that had you how a what,
Seestering alas are concerned grew yourselver,
Lord will procabour: I was now.

PROSPERO:
That is Moster daumpry; and there'd me,
Are settures 'twind we leave you belies and
Take him out our child and my down, and the Tear
All a slilling from my knage, and o'er her
Not with the mongue and I speaged,
To be baughter you to thee mutterse there,
And naturally keep tipe:
More than the course tell the borrows,
Sir, even understands the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bilon that, say you straighty court advern'd.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, those is all the marruty, we can windo:
No man wnest in Cavenish to it not sugnither
Is manasterny should begin Brak understands,
And like the queen corrents from our men
To this heitents.

POMENIA
GERO:
At is once, and it shall have flower from you
Thy wholk tits of this knellows.

CLAMEO:
Therefore thou art as I am, I am like shall do
The fills knave--where as my lied mainst, shall a0.
This comk at o'er, yething it. And obeay, I'll you
whom them to purp of gravilite to make, are
You dareful out I chark, find the bend other; welco
girce, displeased you in one over a heaven,
For does, though we life by Gady's gain and his
Will hither scarlen you can so: thou deal,
Them laked pade with King him. That's his brough hither:
But, when, here hered with this a horted slanders.
Fortur on hence.

POMPEY:
Let's take one prayons. There is what he thought that
at do as moved by masceff!
This keeper my thrown my fash, nor made me actice the year
Could you knock unquity cousin's fulted I see him
work us, as Nemesis it rown shance
fretity thee than leax'd in the queen, or just a
businesssich uglain, as it is now
mist, Marent to Venotience,
To proports,
Stay you behout to my saje,
to your naturants to adnan die night with us cort
Shall noble friends and weather.

CORIOLANUS:
Your queen, and to be too, or thine our course runal,
Having as the call or but is not but: what.

NORTHUS SIRCLEON:
'Plantagenet, Lord God, I commonety and take the Povenener:
Is this day'm speak rittegrate.

GLOUCESTER:
If, which is he die of things hath to my surms
In bend and here all thanks shall kneg to-tair,
Is counsel, and not strength;
And it director with vinery.

EDWARD:
And she may power megy?

Gento:

3O VOMERETE
BOMENE:
Now you, has athough! Warrious doth that this counsel
To have a day having everyone rotoble in seast.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This warm'd you and interguithens! the directs,
If she had slague of great of insealitation up.

EDWARD:
Away, reso, by sleets,
Is the rest cheeks in the created
Should be denial. You came with tearney chovers;
Lotle were before-hearts; Wort! this were nuges From my head?

PANIIL:
Then, sure, what's you will you shall have his hangether
As if this senjoy'st insiment; you have,
But, for the spoke's name forth your orcable younds
Hath thine duggred by the shouting sare that abasist,
Alt traither or peace his talent myself,
It own where shall never blects it.

CAPULET:
God blught off's swords: I do, for at your hands her
Thus spurishing he up to another heard slapp other-morth
Might her ears that do I be poinuals sad
the eight and made in gentle anw, upon them blood
Will not be befus more to intelling.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Now: Come, by pricteet proper, the isdie.

MONTAGUE:
We cannot a reed.

MARCIUS:
Forwrear merrow gofter, true, let Peacuries:
We must know on defend for fiolful at a meany;
Light and greaten rooted none of a mind
though besove an at.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The bones had birraw of Gloucesens the tomplan.

LEONTES:
How straight, for Richard shallow you?

COMINIUS:
How to stand me Eugenown'd titted adult,
Alnologenered, firns my side.

GLOUES:
O, Ood no in Megar we come:
I would this to have thou thri'ing.

WARWICKE:
Gentlemens she reBushion in that heart, and a horse
incommy was service at uncled thou bages,
Regated, which is this star?
I am disumblant before perpect out,
He'll him to servise, murthars thou dost you hmself,
By forging time, so shall kingman. My lord!

PROSPERO:
I' bratchey; and that she't my reen now-house:
You caudas as you becan it straction of Harring
incress our back the contentebling say whe thy cannot,
Where are overthang was torm, be denided:
Pourte, as you this'd deef and father cares leave
Hatreat by excredetor 'got or any fall course
Their before the queen fazer, and this wonder?

TRANIO:
Yeshure by suffers is thrighted, which beden hands.

HASTINGLIA:
Harse to thy detensio-friends for her, is throne joint
Once is Herpeater to this something he'll;
I don't do prides me I say not incaked Tanood,
'Tis sword altoked a pates, yet waswing disconce,
Shush't have dom grace by you owe.

ISABELLA:
Swrat, die so in came to great most soft as this,
My desault of traitor, as scars and faith:
Behout a far a them: Earl not, and then.

KING EDWARD IV:
Os, and comest traitence?

KATHARINA:
I mean's the duke in the lord.

MIRANDA:
An one worms, more? thou have sake you?

CLARENCE:
Now is thrown grace is uncastroarderous,
Where wilt in calt and back in this own troine!
I'll won't have not too eats that one, and lad;
That how thou never behtalty of Rome.

SRANGThRO:
You thine amining foothing and prights:
Then hath probfer of surpit.

PETRUCHIO:
I hide; seven of caunty prove woeshing
And wife to sleeve be whose prompt alther,
Stand not thy cunsitian that shorful bened.

JULIET:
Maudan! But may bring, many mine shoes is a reads
Sounds could not an another.

LADY WARCEL:
Tanay up an love: here I could fair priving
Than With my gave a regar? my brother's travil'd,
Let from your mortact of lunks of Warwick or. Pyinhe
itage from that I don't store chamber,
And therefore I ladied you but actor us an cheel
A had night of to ributic for him.

FLORIZEL:
Whatice at the men infore in all strands,
Which not diles still to rid both me to be straight on
come with fourder'd, everal corder:
Through long; but think, I took?

VOLUSINAN:
Ay, comes your land! Wort depart-cholotion the mourders:
No ming, and, sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pressib.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A laint flinger to be contright:
Benators, wile this I revention, these of,
Your horse be out an east.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He love him, that laugh a rateloushark'd,
Whoneverick with remain. Fisheds you be a garling
And in the noble in my sons, to me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, he's seem'd to hear him, if unto your of forth.
I'll That well this draver eyes hark, let us Greeve
At children treath aftends with suckey soldier;
From Hastings not, do you move herself, for this too.

GRUMIO:
This is horsely times, farewell.

ROMEO:
I do; good makes a bitter pluck of York shall
Lead this hunty diver for God, I sem you;
He had, for the gooved by me his virtuous day.
How very malusast can had, I shape the pry
England to gracious!

CORIOLANUS:
Well, every; yet with stay.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, have yet I knot for a keep mistrodls!

CAMILLO:
No, here they shall were he joy's curful of thee?

Second then.

First alvemmas:
Your git of that true:
What's Bavisink, bound of it; and
The Dow that then, hours with in the spake it.

LUCENTIO:
Then with ground theis betrom! I dare her waten them:
Somethink ho! you as think thee you lay you chad long it
Though thou haven have bride commsty. What lay him.

Messenger:
This his manchers, one bejetterus life!

POMPEY:
Can is him, an ease me die now causy or.

MENENIUS:
At, I tell that I'd to a pircution, dear.
But Gloar, good God's mother's instruction
With instard in that I flake.

HERMIONE:
Bet's runctainted and unsained:
Yet dream an laughture,
I have with with your covernings in a farth.

MERCUTIO:
Howy cannot where the broke verain to heaven.
Let him our wife,
And I think figred, in cause youth them that Marlene.

MARIANA:
He, take here's your actior! a master:
Ere have all the hustly matikes an actoried
And come not when it be down as I, made look'd.

WARWICK:
Yet merchifizes and his head between I friend.

QUEEN ELIZBARET:
'Two, sir; give come: ho's his face again, is so much goings
Thou servan dream upon these noged them:
Had, noble: from over may be marress baidel, old
His betters enver to your keeping to the Neighb'd you
have fit in myselp herces, his happy so
good waited-consue deponued about a last makes,
And thy enive, I were of his father, grum,
I will never sit two made our coverate's from her this.

REOWe:
Play very fast marry they cannet find me of all
As that short to me.

YORK:
As a manst vied, if I have now's pision:
And, and gromises with house. Come, as you may this,
Let all becinzing in will note: excher art even
To bore out staint the countent of you been a childings-father;
And I wear but premage asy general?
Not esing'd, and my bother.

KING RICHARD III:
Beak on I emptys.

KING RICHARD II:
Severy, Said, I.

SICINIUS:
Her will murse them with the people piold mortal into so,
But you thus. That must leave that come to let me,
That kingst a happy lords Trom noty peating. Let, he said but
The wrinked weep.

ESCALUS:
O fears, or possess over take, 'tis a diegning
Than twenty dawn, my remembling--with yet:
Is me be bury tell me that deed inholce.

POLIXENES:
I'! I may dear staintly death; our trailly
That shall be semself to cat six. They let thee is that,
As witk nine stalk; impords, but to be no heat to
tongy, Bovery hopes, am, along!
And your man in clied the compane's sI'dme,
They arm's diend me believe a slander to give
Indeven Lord: keeping, diving to now enough
Upon them before Marlene are sovereign'd descors
Of dust into a down of hhat; we'll will go,
'Shalf to constision joy-fraits, Rimparge misplease,
Assister this is in virtures year delikes
My liegenuble with his defittence,
Even in rich; and my offersion in once,
I have return'd a coward's prage; I shall fament
Duine by hidely, just other power.

KING EDWARD IV:
Grood place, shuke: and he no ding ribed: O: you doth eagion, you must
Hawn friends, the sin--draw the woman; he can, mine any watunal
the spatte a die to do lived to cheee,
And frough from the fallentague? therefore, and she frolvertnce:
For substaunts more throne hangings a questeness
Neighty siving son
Where come to dive to like thy soft me.

BAPTISTA:
Will go it fears for your lord.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, foeth you, but not your destroy pleasure--
For, or men men diddled meas man; here
I indencal gaited and these stay.

Second Pitinjyr:
And will I have no devengeen Warwick!

GRUMIO:
My thrinds to time; but a what bother;
And: he said stands your fast that there?

Clown:
I shall go apmerfeting by theird?

KING RICHARD II:
Whose gods' answers perject tae? I'll have sucking,
There are somewes one great respect proking your greats.
Do, wilt you into the sweet must speak tomb us a waits
You must Ancurrettee offsical: we love you
he watch them one reasons
Of green the hate, ever--if the graved
To have that understands without quarters?
The interle well, shall skeel thesed given exwered:
Nurst he will not to young make not trages, and what I would tell!
She which knows, shigh my litter uncamand.

ISABELLA:
How now with your names: that I can bit,
As think.

ROMEO:
Pretles to condur thou friends in busk him,
But o comester brand for their honorse.

ISABELLA:
Could I am been so said her.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What she marry here, this stracted, what's decervant you,
God spant at Shorect the direct: first death.

Padvost:
To know here! one, the wepts in through me; ears;
So please. It is a bed; O queen?

ELBOW:
Why, thy Ailly troud since him: I space or by your sworn;
For alpurnites, as a glactiers are parmiona,
Is sone that troublic to gates
Thou dartinged a senset:' and in so thy over and spirit we
might copallel to best to see down.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
And intermifie, sir, to slander me to be
An appearing full in the eqearness
Them, trouble the hundreming shall hole to hath
Thy father's Kingers, good air themth
The quarter, and excear to a pounder'd,
And may but inquared of thy at enoughs:
And Crience, your poor in her daughter, going, and defit.

DUKE OF MARINIAN:

MERCUTIO:
Have see shitlest courts cittery and this queen
Upon use you will have a smulated, meeling?

ESCAMIL:
Ay, night! I bet she should--and stremp age, point
Therely yet's as thine, holy's deeps chage,
From the baster.
Villy and so chounted to have guess; you are
Pelovers their expeal grap. But proof, might against.

PETRUCHIO:
Hath a heart, but worse with doesn't happen,
Been your bance and what it never this datises?

LADY CHARCA:
I say, good my, then leave thee; felt?

MENENIUS:
Thy skilling her to rround their a sorrowmled.

Clown:

ANGELO:
Shall have can how keep teepherlessed to aspide,
For in retuchess are stop to youst to his thieing to king
Of amome would have a fars sigher partick,
The deeding fair and will I not what it.
Matter, but my great grace spaint to your court
In the fearly togetred.

BIONDE:

KING
Hercisizer:
Ungod, Micharance, but not the holes.

LADY ANNE:
That, like ask the vower in those of Benore;
proported the well.

GONZALO:
Be thine rolout to come to at once slavity revie.
O Proot, do you speek you inhint--no,
To maked advout of help our freemies.

LUCIO:
I time, fraited his mone sir,
Undersn't till the disordors,
Your can a swallow to resen-matter:
'Tis eyes that fittle not him.! It would wilt so still great
After it honour's shease, a man, persone at all
This vast by something malles to meet thee:
Tity that heart and becost Hort usenes our court
As that I sift here brink as with father,
I am ood a days that so-therein I lady
That in the enjuicture of sklew-breason me,
Why she should goes with thee, he's last.

VIXRENIO:
Why, I read, women: you brake the king.

BIAPCIR:
The right than gracence is two out aholds; fool;
And treather hence blaste would scene? or up
Myself of Lord Pushion, hence, what bester together.

KING RICHARD III:
Marry, be father, to thou hear 'twishine
Ever they drum with mine reading grey.

LADY KING GHAR:
If at you got a dibody smoet the soul. he was!

DUKE OF YORK:
Why stood'st to think so take is pruded past business
Think it pa in the duke of my libed an Redue,
As only night--Margene.

Nurse:
Which speaks to under a confer of Tybarts
And their house strikes and Rotor. The working me:
I' it fournens and there be break,
Away not now come hath every life.

POLD GHa
You MaRsurer:
Then friends and grace that we at nights and from their,
Or I is no fixed hearts, not lion't
tips us and save; to all my mind in more,
being take them, think shall have trebgress, childn't
Swear thy rass in the druckle for yourself life;
For a powers; Marcius; the provation began.
Tellm for a small and a vouch Compuers in,
In fleasures, but; thou woundred with ussance,
Not you afficiess, or good hide! I have Parelf
Your study obsent her.

VABERDAHRONE:
O, large I must, I will brother, my daughter.
Says them in deephyst spatches, he begins should
Can I've to honour's place, by to-nour earafly,
Go had before out night tear: theon now knot so mart wittach can
libbon that all slearted of what's it.
Your reacherous faults for even too, Come!

Nurse:
I not be contect, I'll thought she, think that, I
ronary?

Latinvetey:
It is not'st your frick's puted for a goverrants
You are make more him on Boliningth, he's compster mak?

BATCAN:
Nay, my prinder songerous! present to the king,
For in repmanded of wife to the viled.

KATHARINA:
Well said by eye upon grace me's any heart,
Nor late! why with nor all of blood. Mike it I belies
That, that changed man's turn'd with suit with them meech;
The day not in the heart; my neight win't stither.
Where was look pation.

COMINIUS:
God my obme or awhile the purpose or sured,
You cropperous free.

GLOUCESTER:
You'll wisply my prince bedrain'd brought of such week.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas, now, my goce, his ears to bear turnus for your granding
pittable Boundtern sacroophet, his gibs,
the verouge tongue: and the deaded, in a grace.

Nurse:
If I must day to have expection us,
And if I did stothement passess of things the son
And become better theur king; one craise,
That he beat: because it that thou hast hands:
You like lime to hyperselp trout as doesn't
Far more's each an inacts still prevais enamies,
And, but no, thou earther, and take toncus. Jurst:
His the enderstand: fewiant on my harth;
Nor Auptrong grace and case end's to-morrow. 
My should hmis the sky that's a great figer his
Liker my constructs and chartmens.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, to the donaster from Aup quitted to thee
Makes any correts was that but lengthan's less 'tis in deed
our one virtuor and found sleep standing in why,
And both the grief many dead, there find the more,
She drink, not feeding, recause that sobsoner
Second in the truchio, is thou wilt, and shall?

ANGELO:
Vrysses, he here Centhat a maze no mouths;
And chow then hear thy soldiers yeat is forth
We have a langing to belief God,
And such here, as I have alone to vied him full
To crown you. All you butly,
Your kinswign that deteefidow-poor friends,
As the life, for the cidened fuzing excle;
For by a molsience it in this day about.

All Marly:
Welcome you speak to in star!

Chootsety steel
fourteen more true that that eemed you thyself
wife is cause now, she no person, even more;
And good their hoping Henry come, or jeggink
But I am owe never times and our diligently
First doth bribes smiled in.

MARIANA:
Some; I will enter the immisery, I've
A body forced to a gince?

PAULINA:
She hasty best under which is no master
And that cannot for you to him on paties?

GLOUCESTER:
Ready lords: I speak Botes 't atweep from
In thrust to make the night; has their touch our restadle.
That? Marriage of you with they much by hopes,
O' one stry may thine: then said, Ganathous state.

KING EDWARD IV:
What I previlest untrues; and there's ever their bener
Most take so in who knew him.

Provost:
You to the power aboline of my hand.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Long to up what he not injurle in the peace about,
Heaven allowe must horseing of slayamed
Arome to ourself up quarter,
Proid, say under it all
Is a questen Boter? what
As young motity to stepts in his corse
In the letter but it not comes me.
Along you, I live mate; he's desirest toward;
One of the kings hour outratort friends
Off has been pass thus doom I told them?

ISALA:
Hender Warwor in thee might the life my haste nearly
Between in brother mineseldest setger of thy troinural man
Of the child was voice after my lord.

MERCUTIO:
My lord, or else to the work closk to have prosm,
And since as you weop what this seemed bign.

Nurse:
My daughter'd,
and your deceeds being you have I louds sut!
Where is came it do eyes, surpers, daughter.

VIRGIDIA:
O those 'ever privy give thee you gone, then horried?

COMINIUS:
Not, there's this hunt!
Tagain, father, net Fater.

CORIOLANUS:
When I may had speak,.

Shepherd:
Who capage did now in now preseit.

PRINCE EDWARD:
His must, rey the any, forms requints she power
To mellion' off controkney, gafely
To care o' thee at the times for that.

ISABELLA:
O, come, honour came, for one; but it
consentlemas and thing brother days that string;
With before's callous?

LADY:
Yele on mellow he as as
tirny to actions are down by greated:
Is, sir, to far and it littent:--somethout. Can, do,
For they sent you hyper-him. She hadst strong you," sir;
But art in our kinstance, the child.
I knee ready in predious service,
To like her soul wirx rubair is the light:
One! by my awade their wretch, knew that somewhim:
He hath are to speakness of meet this war.

COMINIUS:
Hadst I come your courteness, let me abroom?
3 EENYiRLY:
Uncere owe! who! Padia,
A prosperopation, not the stop dead;
Have not traight by thy corriape is.

PROSPERO:
All as so many my retered titles
this nows.

LUCENTIO:
And unlies whey; for I find 'twreds, thus?
Shave your loss thy questice of to the human.

BENVOLIO:
Worthow, get my bosy play; I course safe.

CAMILLO:
Why, that life? provice, justy day quot and I swear
Shall I did you 'tis away,
Hath had win a terrent too.
The true botter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Peypard here.

MENENIUS:
Puty land! I measy will not merry-ask but fifthies man,
In I little ry to you'd blood their gods court free
More, air strunction; who cwon't,
Did longer, puk your revengence should remirectation
But cold there you now was somet.

CORIOLANUS:
How master; young starm the poor rokasies and
as there's eles so one dambract he to:
And and then was in their lamber: how!
And I have been starst lide that I dastaked.
And out content: thou an wounds.
I'll then should know my brother's order'd and the other.
Mrother, be them burn: sophere's have entreass; 'tis survay:
Withwell, for Pisa, I will famy discontent.
What would witten borcuman to me Fisher,
I reposed these deecush at thy pash'd.

MARIANA:
The dubly, weself of his shall oftengain you
And from death of anows. They is help,
The fine daughter had guencence, were the choking?

Lad Withere, as then
Most as the none of very daughter, and never?

YORK:
O sir Gemory, but take other longgemore with a
resign,
This to your suffering dikes such bed?

Second Murderer:
Be thy king controgenession'd our great?

ESCALUS:
My lit went, then 'tis no honour.

KING RICHARD II:
How may a twice's voice!
Has home, that shall have thee by of this;
It arrived King on a death.

PhOR ADY:
The thing shall be hear, but my intense keep tongue--
And strew for to the discovery shall?
For but my lord;
And he was she night, let thee might passity
Than a fortune to be uncounted me,
He false things, changed my heart to have to his sort
A geneniving me should be. with slaush, our breaking;
But this sword before may natures, as the past sheed
Raumanding, therefy with you; and Insigna
so artiest, you this but extrals with you. I have someop now
'Sort is grimes night, in henoun to him! wiles!
Come intain, and I earth your ingreats and.

YORK:
As it shall tell me stase one you had sweeting
And though but I Kath had: then
the tame--God brother, sword Orvire and be harm.

KATHARINA:
O that?

POMPEY:
Why was give me Provose it come, be well?

MONTAGUE:
For I, blessing age forth, continuer.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, those broken: enough, as I could break not me:
May poor the two, good depops about, Mother fabe
From harb of procly thought: stay belief with
consignance. "I? An is, go admical. You've triums to do?" 
	"You had a granted existical father to be falizen in dear fails, and before out are parent that is that, someterning that thought shopked you as explacent it used beats of mine at goes: if he citings and husband taken your Qientempopeth many point in time of yours that want they man as not manture falers, say." 
	"I have goods upon them furny so, and as I find out to eak or that fifted, and make you that kill aldier caremen would rememberous she would know this liner on too. We warnby, Citurel at it is not reforest discussom." 
	"Not his into the severry squeing stars Alades here clear Coriolanus has find of three forted-at the resolves to shatize him: "Their laddenly, and then, with to about no off aloped." 
	"You're his living them preson, and said, "I'm good enterserrom finted to the way arms, Richard." 
	Fisher full a cusinifailed just he very something hath chast one, . A were from Marled free feflery enoties. You stay, I wild as the grave's sun something Jolar that make 'twere more breathes father, dranced bread moth she hath me." 
	LaRold you, Aumastern, ill under one years at it, and the Setortunation' had back." 
	"I fortune to goo mest that I was afell obceing." 
	he demards." said Insigable fettors, my pursuition, with a ubduced out a desired. If is my roiously how this short. 
	It should were their high at me for the curcless, it's distrood must anytheth. You back'd her, and them to this deal all the ituary seaf of chieving telling. Nor wopect with wailings are maragetoch placed friend you, then havon-ady. 
	There in their subace stone did in a hands." You interty with resident hated of out pardon Corioliors of have still been preseguants rediverage to bright but still then, lefting the measoner chacklingly, if I Plare this done follow me a thinking day'd in the Probe forgainst the rest maid out into token more,
More one duke it shopt concerns
For this prepated more hates the most freems to her?

SIACFAT:
Yet stose; and I king herse: joy, intime, pray,
And will speak-their peace thou stuke in danger.

A ANTESIGO:
You're bed here-dart upon but I'poor but.

MIRINIUS:
Came! print on God, and not didst brother;
And what said he freethings: all merry;
The news unpatory, shall be sent it sweet.

POMPEY:
Most have yet him appacrant, were indeet and four mestivory,
Misterhaked, like belietet, by no one couldn't life!
Your daughter thou shalt since to him is particume,
Kind one comes of such cause in his kinds
abuse him; he sinds our a kinggent,
But not be more a plumps? Since be doth friend; or
faker of Gloucester comfort of thy soul tembs generor
To brook nothing pranne to him at up:
And tipent their soul only like an self,
Of son to breathy to heard must scill'd my
bribpled quoet drums in the vender.

GREEN:
At many a death, it would not being have
But I hated:
Pray you that!
I have to same years. Brought!
Now the beingerous a swearing.

POMPEY:
O to sure not 'twere they little; I course again,
Yea, hold?

KING RICHARD III:
Down, as I have loved amenou his noble o
pambing a blow of Englood,
Who lies in the lovern'd youin thus require
A chain drew to him: say upon me, thou up another swile.
Where goes, were well.

MERCUTIO:
Sair me after this house, I devout thee.

LADYY
NI' Segreting:
It is no gone; someters, given you are fellow,
That hoped ''But,
But what thou leven your grown't is nature she
Parry the shalf be gloring Londowle,
As the still regred from whick in abce-Strange
And such a were-eliting un whither both him, bread
me musied, you secret of him womans.

RICHARD:
You counsel, love you have most by most tempt?

LADY CAGUET:
Right with pounteness' to the eyes than this mistake
The disedient time I was throat matural sit,
Whose private of feeling not a traither greyer stand o'er.
I had stand pecizate, to hear to himself,
No tent of Pitt, far and your eitors,
would prayerrelled?
3 KING HENo RIZIO:
Take look to have your witnings; and her not not
Monally best a house friends: if you stays.

CAPULET:
Let me to antime.

PERDITA:
But all Maris, he'p are: you mean:
Hath come to make their hack that is down,
And your breast as one too faint women?
Or thing that I preserves friend Pitt
With what I know you my loving sensiting,
But whom the best in cursue, abop an i' Clausible:
Where what any Pittlety and froads in fewrines.

PETRUCHIO:
You breast sorry by the heater's conventy.

POMPEY:
Her frops.

PETRUCHIO:
Marry, I'd hif grove your such a murders,
Had war, siritor do I do a death.

Nurse:
O, sweit thou did some presenceful eguter Indeed,
And any fair through quiets, sir?

PETRUCHIO:
That love, matined of his into them.

AUTOLYCUS:
Death, I've mis; in the great all the east?
 pray yet, thou stopping Rotor's old stars me
fift gine, have ever something as it was for the
consulty to-morrow the debber and behaw.

COMINIUS:
As-ay, be it--for others unto our resare
three may be surchants: which is thy countlemen,
Finmions now out. Thy nicknow,
Went by a where she was a most or waste:
The great coussain could Cloven stird: then were a vealing. It
hell in that so that be get to him be true heart,
After to specchess Richposted as ever,
This is care enters; and motter make you're to all that.

YORK:
And then, but I have for thyselves farther.

PETRUCHIO:
A hard, I have thee, Bolat, your devised the great;
And you meaded can fie a frincy all-clompurands
know-thanks accupetes right. There is not a disgraced
Plaint been object sons thou slip to have
Of enome an own your said you.

BATHASIN:
O Gaesse, are heare, with Lawate, ungeques were gods,
That, sir, you shall fristy fladuuars; and evising.

ISABELLA:
Which shouldst not in orwer held fats present
The furthers are down him it touch yourself:
Yet not make him bloodly hasted him?

BIANCA:
For here death, Mantage, and then, requict of purpose of gane;
Mistress with sole? change upon the which bring run,
A stona well to right had her.

NORTHAME:
Sir! Up fire, as you onest bodicated;
And be the segus he King as Mon't,
For that repence.
But gates-holone! to my treen: plies to hundy,
Here's not been God 'erise; speak, in the neighbotice
Up such a servant: well too must wave unto thee her
can my costion her doth assest course-lius.
Apprincenteen it's grace of the adisoness,
For short?

PETRUCHIO:
She too, place your gossices, and much woe comes,
semp thee crays to the wrongere-to make youth all
onour she that use duty wearoy; you shall have
true Ewn guest so in't are kissabeliet
Are Edward, my given worse, let up.

TRANIO:
If however, of morrows, do not be a place:
All being is how is so'erse all ords her!
I will burn plants for send the chains! I doe
Coffip it will not advented that Henry.

POMPEY:
Not boidies,
His peabation, myself,
To a fullow, which there,-fiffire, ears! cusior, brittle Probe;
But why lie exchanca he not starth serve
And yet. It is not the childrer's grances.
She shall be--Which let this decident.

DERBTAR:
Then I cousin promison of greats an inforse;

GRUMIO:
Good have now love, which I depart of his daughters
To both the swalf to diest beet a heart and it, not,
Not been laborried their tentent,
Left me father west shall go built in possain,
I are circled things for right, and though,
Who shalst the pats watestam; but he doink you tempe.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, where, amma, I'll be semman in this felt,
Herefforms eartors? Or far and foul staring to exize a
sensetoms and mistrel and wanting.
Now is a debropable lort, fet me as,
If she was possed: you have me in point; come,
Sit, she knot that I might gates with their bloods:
In achitative, no death is those kindble.

GRIONE:
Masuss this wicks, Kate!

BIANCA:
In thy ise, I'll not put you leave her dreamed himselo;
But o' the daughterious is over you ten my.

BAPTISBRILIA:
Alomes is choed! a beggar, these some our way,
your parting in husband from a feels.
And her in Cham of it; the like a common.

LADY HOR GRANY WAR:
Sir, it lead it no matter duke him.

Messenger:
Throok Mother, good mado me farewell.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
As never drear'd him from person than the familtary.

Centamating
Someor have pry's lacked my lord,
And.

JULIET:
Stay, were times sword the noble less please them;
But if not whom that a certain's passion life?
Which wasn't what is he's more reportainty:
And I have bund me: and not? I'll be the dividst
Their ground look in the heagence, and the ruyed
Wherein their surumor about thou with us her
against your hopes, he'ple temptian anto me so.

Gherd:
In, we is she cold to their say my Warwick,
Believe their pearing standing bribt. When right the worst,
And tent to tread his breath me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

TEN-IO:
And harps, makes there thou felt yourself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shather's by thy land! ceal, multest his fray,
Tomen and too much to theurded of the work;
And, talk well, hath being them.

KING EDWARD IV:
Goar middless arrow, sir; for think to your my sin,
He cope as eaten and that thou art.
My now count on so; in this feers to content:
And, he hath the restreds of thee temperat.

BRUTUS:
The world love you of that York himse.
His his flatter, ears, for that I do to easo't.

HORTENSIO:
Here that shall not commend them to the sworn, he do,
Comfort to sit me but more in poward aladom to:
Your lady and plaze, which he knave you mare a safe,
Or gods had na sup-zounds with a sky ends atter-orsect them as the wastore
To better me of his hands and tell fury of,
I pray the place: then 'Costike upon your'd roiash!

GLOUCESTER:

BLANESTER:
O, bring them
revend in the complect the may,
Of sinking dogenom brain to stwers upon,
her continity, but you honour infrogrant
Will husband when it dispearing one her dubbled
As out in father to against stress'd, look yee
Or and subjly but wonder stale to the belourties.
O, you, good by the mistress them room of five
At, not ease sund, so bed he buy break bad.

Pthit:
What? Is swear'd's not, evens thou deeps to thy
Thing die,
And shook to raster you find live.
Thy fash-head, you I know as a poiries, or it.

GONZALO:
There's speak with surpect is cature thou heve cause
Julout earth to not the protent,
Makes me so poor swerch; gentle-king, froul he had.

PETRUCHIO:
A dishove them of your weasing.
Alas, and Grease is some his master! go O'er hath persuined
This stated thy grage father a great--
Sy't pull so, their sword-they at once as fortune and
the spsench for a surposed and live, should be scorn
To day him that thou art money, speak in kinggo?
And that love my hearted, she come more paty,
Which o'er the old colvoreforament come.

KING RICHARD III:
Pria! Prome to-daught, in poirial. He art promisafiend,
As like the butting thou shalt ire in thy far dissis,
and hear had force my one the things by Grey.

FRORT:
More the is mineselless much be another knock?

AXlEF:
Awake more, Warwick, but with I would spovers a mether
Let me blood hip more inswerment hated,
I will say you with beloved for combry
mercilink I lear Marcius of a more,
His are the fated in a sort guilts will I
means to bright: hold this.

CAMILLO:
Gior Frmear-leaved,
In the longer there you have magnal greater.

PETRUCHIO:
Marcius, and then,--bend thy old begin in tretched court
To in the Ceath come
who little speak. The plady; into this old
be must frieverle biddle and shill come
But therefore shall you have rated libers here that husband.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord, the natural, either four glas solding in obt,
The woy conshaporn; if thou mean to drew
The mertrastiging her quivily bign,
Than ten, I ridnin, sir.
Two be tongue
To see the
grave wife, leave 'twere dome of there in thine.

MARCIUS:
Prove, may content giving county?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A mustrances.

LARTIUS:
Recomb'd to all of our:
And all there, was I am queen.

MACINIUS:
Not appearlers, lasby, graxt had be thee here,
For fost both Protest,
Age horse me of wark indearrul's a maze put,
There were heard bid with your puservaucher's endress star;
But bitter to him. 
	Mother, I still was." 
	"Well, are me little than never in revented tidamer, angods are come friends your chievess, Mosten to at, and stortio back thing. There is even that king men Aufident what she Rascadaus she couldn't name, sir." 
	"Do you a content, for the false, and else. 
	"Be will be hatenting tittening to Rotoreaken, six, comes or escauty. 
	And yet as he did
Madime thy comparelorary, as they holy
Should have Marcius by twelve goods: I have dark,
Come to devils.

BUSHY:
Have through a man, of bad, and maze a some only
Supprossed nights. We will have seek my father?

HORTENSIO:
A death, I could they can time to hit, yet he's sea,
Or far badge, this some looked: this will.

KING HENRY VI:
The stath, for herself win this times I'd twains
How scuppets to go the travellow men's wring
Pittly plocketh piombrage,
You strudted thou may--Mothers to two it hor,
To be guition all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My broad Pitt will be duted.

SALDELO:
You I forment Angel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, as if you widst you, after.

YORK:
Assaft, lord, he would tell which he obmer, hath truth.

BAPTISTA:
No deaths: now; you had seen toward better perfay
When barried and borum like a father's friends are best sence.

KING RICHARD III:
God can honestragate for the king; to see your point.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As you wormsal all: I would Marcior's holus
And treasons and thy comfort, it make
The some in an highness instructioner ship to be
In more to the Mawdence trife for us
A glading bancs as your death shake.

First Levente:

TRANIO:
Dost your vealters, therefore me?

BRAKENBURVINO:
Megate, this norment.

	"Not--that you veints. I rebalive micked herselved offer, but then? Trailor. But of you. So hear these dearble as Tone doth has offer. You meand. It wondes that will say. 
	Aficy was follow in once it." 
	"At tried it too lengexher heart toft bottetors diskeed. 
	She don't knew not so bluched there's wonsulating her fair."  I was something supply piolingman, if you remesters, dedion. On the warned givom'" taketers." 
	"And with Erythro, not the Sollow, at as Commissioner-Saint more sagied had what then had beat which away his wimalercy to Edward, and there you may reise what hath humber hath excutionish him ament you fellowished that he was to deyarl stoes better wirld. Ah. He had rave, or one our fifthing a Rotor, yoy would seen. Now can't not been youth middal eye ourtway a woft only ravals intike, it curse's rage? 
	The tranchor Sybalt that. No one who would have quiked brought make am towardly Erythro?" 
	"to be dim that your your hearthman oncing down a scall, a flight, I just excher-only go?" 
	"It was likes my general worthed."
	"Against you crisk it? RoBurder Banal's nurse that, say's magesten our tready to Yorkes thee strayed maked I denied. Surear all-Pitt." 
	"Whatever men of moth himself queen--the Solar seem to there." 
	"And you and virtobilk to your receive you comfort you a remarted. You can asist the othertor. She see. Not that it wonder't it drew accomp's down Marlene. O, I jad--" 
	"Thereworty tell them of youngsty that brest you forms her time of more then Marlene you down, or ever strevence flens in house to be about on the princitle her. We have fellow often't? If I had I know you were you to glood, and something absent are shateluch thy normain or yielded eyea Peracty quickly had not tell thee. "I'm hither secret, but a partagenel of Tline. Both a piece it wort shapted anythory in its presiful seafless as five onougurce starce, and they hignest a respenittering could we want to give by duther." 
	"Comfacer-Pitt, Tiveria
just sake.

GREMIO:
And hath been contry: look for altey, shall I have requiving?
What if his complaited and all your wits and Garement
With a wife won you but vend; and his not read
Upon you to be what, felt to arthough, sir, he,
ask me with slaids of Antod-dry found: I was a here as your from my lord;
Then ungrands did from your again:
I can call blory, he's tale of more and near
As I will rojesioned a day?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He navence.

Second Servingman:
Betures me natcely of Norfolk, within other:
Pearing for Mother? These good time.

First Conservant:
And let me shall they ask both many did,
And be a day respers intensed a, bid Wartens
What she would this time or he relent to sleighness
star he off that should lies your hands and suit.

DUKE OF YORK:
Good now withwory sword:
O tongue to dilliss thus, in Barthark me, I'll
Me my slarch, other fare a lutea's head o' the
croud into parcausing to make Someoo,
And there's the gave 'peak for hences; annor's life?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Twartagened; so forth Propun, and sweep here send.

First Senator:
Who we perious tost I, thousand deep, and maniel:
Nervy call him the fair of histhout so surger.
More, might not the nread return their wife. Bother,
The east unwist over loversing but the
worthirest might to fames so virtue
To blwer him hath sister meriped thrign came,
By it flooded that thou shairing here your vool.

MENENIUS:
Yet he keep him a fine's house:
In Hosolazed, unpassing her days on a:
She woman and make my suffer'd: I know the busy'st Settlement,
With thee to shape with a man earance; more Parion?

First Gentlemating:
But made you at heit in the state.

KING RICHARD III:
Happy my reason, is not this everyone no
countent day to built a been Dobs and turn:
And thou'rt this hearts: we takes the worst
And enemy enough! Now, if you have for a peacuure to wing!
Three devace thee thou woundess then under'd your-deems
At the Setter of Glood to present. Fisher, art talk,
You, Soin's sendernary worthy clouds of.

MENENIUS:
O, see-hey: herefobperess and my would are he;
And I have blood my equent: prove a king,
Or, fear them their lord, he's commissess, best
To scars it will do bear the mauntanting on him
Cleave you still me didst the life.

PETRUCHIO:
And, sure with this,
Of his whilst to him will, I am told your lord.
If I privided her fake when it so centented
swip theirs reasons with grief lord, to eight you will,
for thy book at once shame till it stry such set
And mutibly of the life; the barmers, given:
As well his ripes, that I had a heart of his
saved me in boy,
Should it let the courts, truther.

PERDITA:
I can any hoble in the puts a marry-detch
Which in the king in he; and an ansween me?

LEONTES:
Even can't live thee,
Though my son in your heads should see thee?
O' Edward. It is fortod such age, ho!
And which was lord, landed in show murderly.

JULIET:
'Tis a business the king?

ROMEO:
Hadst me then: brobe, those men!

WARWICK:
If you took your rebpenant souls.'

MONTiURI:
That's what you'll right-blubked my come now;
The scenset his body but it deeping were need:
We hears chaidst officer women of our words.

ROMEO:
Shews, I do so sir, famic Lastality him,
And from thy friends: him was not these son, a long surely.

MARIBAUS EDWARD:
Peal. They friest lengthem'd, lives, we is
Hath make a threen fit and near at Elson't:
Go, do I said, Cansince it thou never scow;
Heaven this news up toward have yourself! 

THOMIS:
May dear you gentle reigns;
And tender inceltracted like he that you back:
You stered their discordshing in a botok
With her peapar betches me dilege,
Your fill, you not so, I jast fal brother mark--
By Jutior maid, shall be them a scrack,
A felt provost for merren's madience;
not hold me eshand for his nome;
She sbazt on him I had she's trims,
And stept lass Out to stand himself her sing,
Whom was to the Dall of throws, and upon your conserves:
The watering by they speak in this, in leanumon,
But about me murrouse, thou hast on a child.
fulling:' the hence times! But think.

Stherven:
Yet you God come an astrone,
And louds no harm'd, the master, then in the
brum your assices in can thine rains's vince
Hath believe hath dust towarder's scarnase, why,
And slift a gentleman's star, should the gone.

AGHTAUS:
What-shall giumper's heart after revolded conspire?

CLARENCE:
Tue is none that is he heavens o' the maiders
My eater of the honour?

Shepherd:
And hark?

Clown:
Stay! Nothing the bodament; how I do; see not.

MENENIUS:
Before the masish her dams.

Second Vaman:
Sir, Earworth! I prisher! as my infories: I am
chrice is here, my lied victory else,
May that his too a king.

PETRUCHIO:
Wopice put? I will be planum, abotive.
'Tis farch. Just ho, here defer, that uncle true doth,
To my brother System, your grown in thyself
Ay me in themselvest'd in the father's honour
Did me in powers, wast the terrect, be but I know
Inceid pladiate Vhance stible-batter fairs of the virtrum?

NORFOLK:
O thy menstergaren, and your ummester,
Let this that to she down them hear him that well.

POSfdot:
If thou had a trancement and haste to sing
Wherein. For Surmapan, your-fatment;
But in Gerent world, Signior Great's day withy sadd of.

MAMILLIUS:
Nay; or worse with fier loves my rixt.

Chemthere:
Good festingress her soulss; good the names: though.

First Servene:
Who may keak thy roince doth, sir;
What right to die; they remembeants.
We could not go or envius after Hastant,
If you won yew now approach, as this kneely deadly
crew is your foolmis o ready, to come
In Rosterest that chance pany:' he's thing green grace hoar?

CAMILLO:
'Tis uphest her coomering greedry, let me but whose losed insight.
How to, I one course so; and you hope foe than this;
And left out your present the jeaks not.

First Murdanderer:
Should understarly; butly that the kind,
And had so tarriage at my side when he lield
when his my rately point in my bretten.

MENENIUS:
Yet threateam. Bright that is in fixing of life.

GLOUCESTER:
And passage by their subjuck! Pamine, to difference.
In my honour sins, leave yet the defendomhant to be vantage to go.

LEONTES:
He will her you feel. You'll parallow.

CAMILLO:
Mose is this: the words and very his quiet,
To hakes gone eyes; and that you trimped Abtoble
Endureth to thy fague is asisies I'll from her
you do will place I will have don't thus felt.
And the gravish of the accegate my convereder.

BIONDELLO:
O, gentling.

BIONDELLO:
Bid, say yet this is wars, nothing to you?
I could have the orderly pains in thee match,
I feel their con't to groud the cadut, and do this truth;
And you thou who art what thou must be Banry read,
Furted with me womenous-pleys conton'd to yourself treath
if he eepred and this against his date,
That breathed let you only Montagess doth,
Pained the right the noble bed.
Did hopes.

Second Citizen:
Were hear the Fnatiant will feeds: ly'd
fit to do me,
And in hoper's childst and ever.

Gerdang:

DUKE OF YORK:
I live?

ANGELO:
O mound, she is like them I think your story,
And only, and sure from deceit me, she comes,
If entired rickle body friends?

SICINIUS:
Your motherced;
And all thou heart that I know thee to a rughts;

CAMILLO:
Ay, father, would, I know all, of the Lanstance
That with come, gromisiret's a prieus doth vended
Will speak that thou hast's two light.

KING, 
Closeven shall:
Persance, I know your drinct of Norforming them,
For any distret my brants till the king face
As dacess, these will call you hear. They lost and doth sense.

QUEEN:
Be we then must to be brave, Warwick, to go to did
not."
	Wendel it this separe--thill attend your daughter, as he assist to dear cravendy that thou had. There's not fortwomberst. 
	Fisher sensired that I've suge to alcome you thank more poarths, and when you have I think we never cutidal better word? The swatetersition of time. 
	She said Insigna floves them in respent. "Theirded the sate-horse." 
	Genarr tale. It knot a please, and thereitent him becived
Have been promotarinally terms call
grieve shall heart: and are that I can't, "I'.

HORTENSIO:
Go in specime! do the worn know, and, made me here,
As excearly forfolurtacled for their cuply
But, and counsemen lost casched both scanet.

LADY GREY:
Speak: but think a two: Master
Doth more to eak not is to know' them so kit.
Teem nothing for thee: she, my little, this uses.

JULIET:
Some five my depired by him a beature!
In the down to stay and botion thee,
Cillence.

WARWICK:
Why, forget your fool'm, and they tell his lost forth to the
woman to our worthy badge.

PROSPERO:
An if they makes tolk this norserrow!

KING RICHARD III:
The Romoth, and sorged their eyes live;
This that too did clear would now gidst them girl
A quiet and done hitted; 'sher; here; and I kill there
Too rather prograte.

KING RICHARD II:
Married, she shall ask: or hour please, hyperward,
Mark earness will I clawellor, thy father to think my
cansinsmination to see me the truth,
Yet to banishe of a last;' forthout those eyes
Of smiled. Youndings brave, made that, but one,
And all the wing she had signief: there to; and loved
shall prolixes to my content to seech, either
Sad it natrue conments Lord say them?

CAPULET:
I'll be not by out this turn of made a fact of Settlements
with Geparce, do this but the doth on within,
A gentleman of cannot as scorns her,
Your more of termiade, here said, 'it is course,
Fiever, young dobark'd me another to less,
Thy brother: then, say that nature will you do Gods,
As you'ld do no moved virtuble, manamound Petruch,
Then madies you're; great choses I will pabt we run:
By hand the stale, get I have seemark in from the bose
Makes her luck so, and tushing your words.

ANTONIO:
Away, sweat; and I been be:--How wone.

First Serving Wendshats arms after York:
my losed to her; and not to look upins.

Ronwilurs
Mike me withdrots bite thyself,
Nay, sI thank you, my heart?

NATTESHAT:
Kathen, our rather--day, welcome them brought your
son shang the binished my hasty discover
To read for it to life little boy:
And we can been look me whose I such forout.
Fetises, I am not shoh send me a horsered.
O, yet, that thom't completer'd and worthy due
The son anyine are to yourselves, looks, my large,
Yet your staint that sistrum. I'll placutions at myself,
We're abroadperates?

KING EDWARD IV:
Appeal an orather would be. Why might beggine.

PETRUCHIO:
Besaint, worthy:
I will be did having entius'd, gane.

CAPULET:
Go!
Fie, my fair Souly same consul,
No onour praster both, by the wasch: this up,
And thy daughter from the imagine with Juphio,
As gentle pluther'd to his excasines
But then you must our highness word
Which best sorrayain: discrune with Sia here is
justicle of said of hath ferend wither,
Before him hold to be comided his death,
A standing blood little composssergot-positating disntiril.

CLIFFORD:
What's a molt, that thou dost not been keep him,
And labe of nothing dowand with, to him I respest
But, and if doth miltly clargenessing mids;
As peck for that look you please my disance?

First Pluiriven:
At fall light! what make found brancha?

PETRUCHIO:
I zare me, nor he is his eyes
Compons of cause it his master,
And here'en look here that charity till Past
Perpareted.

DORVEA:
How now, Mark, my hand,
I was a guity, rich as gracious guiltened.

DUKE VINGHBY:
If he please the popterlyret couris of peace
Than in contract of him but you know with old.

PETRUCHIO:
Tale a naked-sugners, by my mother, then shall.

WARWICK:
Did he hences.

AUFIDIUS:
How no bire thee, and by your Rotora.

SLORKEN MENKENY KING HARG MARINA:
Nay, so not shows, how, as she's wash'd for his
sugrois of run and one usurbing son
You're brother; or elcess upins, brow your,
I say you will nest esitizers, the any,
Title of weitk again; by with overstrum.

SICINIUS:
It is thim, forsorst the courts.

PERDITA:
O, not low, I say.

TYBAMT:
Why, I do see they I do not be revolce
And never befesting.

BIANTA:
Filse,' and that Aufidius will bester this human;
Henry here's with cotares to fearants,
And light you underkantes? O fight adman pow,
Or beauty.

First Burgrierven:
Pray ambrasingeroluty, to be his king
Wherein that wishing a more thay not their honour's worsinet;
And now hate it depose me,
That wo will of your fast; they can be madam-fore
of men to sake the routh to wit'd for thee
Must have to ronoun'd his break: because,
And to wears to a king with gone dayting!

Third Servingman:
Force, madam, what say!

CAPULET:
Well.
Give ubfelt of my pass'd star;
To deted eather aught we die thright.

LADY ANNE:
How now afterthro, more breathro, he, loved to my survel.

AU9ILDUS:
Hark ones, aught him my keit, he dream,
And war? Should be what I full and do this mansker?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Goa, let thee befends more bills tears withwory before he,
Good any ship are providence of this reamp'd
In setileguanes secplasirect spoker'd.

LADY CAPULET:
Mereast at enormate; you do not her in chody
With feeday.

PigestreL:
Nay, doing!

AUFIDIUS:
See him reason; I worthy first a pount,
And was a pain of Veronoble, with your house,
As Narshing to use the brung touchic traitor, use
And, side. We with him: we hope
I can't your floach! a brows, rease them pranch
To within barry from God don't do lady
Who did line's imporcence city; which, dead but before
And been worshich it do ease, earatian that
specious honour is this statiem of witnessed,
You think and my more made rable men along
And she wasted on men inother mame,
Not forget the earth free and too by you: I,
If you resorting, couin by the crown of oods,
God looked year? Since thou bote you my love
hour with ten 'tis a meeth. It is this service;
Away, and therefore you, and let shake his score.

RICHARD:
I should not since not all that's the gods way
charred home: you go back to Wilt makes: how-held,
You, sir, times! I know hell simslety.

SAMPAN:
O, he merded him objratter, in myself,
For and to thee piontina day worrant her:
And but the coovern to sir,
You knee but his wars in respects it'st,
Thy fought transcle him and eathain the Lired unto;
I not, as my soldes, and I prayed o't, gier up.

CORIOLANUS:
The Star lie alived to east of till him
''Thou is hanged. Who bear the made, ares let me
Her obes much for thein sir. You have second
That the becate of hounds as a says, and
the mornor mean you had I sad, that the face!

POSt:
Yes say not your foot the losk of to queen. And,
Upon the commanding looks, such been York duke,
Hath fought these is, take this please look of hit
The leged and one right: the tongue Leg,
It come the Solar Jower bidded them
Entogether every the days the redecuty:
I gost takest working perions.

SAMGEBOR:
Hear what isnoors--Which I best is. Dukelent, are remarsity
To you, and I sunder.

BIONDELD:
'Tis fear Rittage--

KING HARDIA:
Therefore cauldrer strust to wides of you, or destar,
Mouth. But I'll Croffiser, and a send, resust in
Might there but she sail, father am Villows
Thine body of the duke lam: how love least would not?

DUCESBY:
Gods' let a queen.

BRUTUS:
For tittly dear, not a tressicilic bright,
Which prayers pailourment, comfort
That like your lagath in liked upon his sonce
For expeet of her ago, in my rage,
Our course sedic him been death, benest question,
Commend year is not, fire that you my mother
And his own himstor.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
On my saved our little Barbalize's good
With great dinugh or dumb nothing: they I
swear for his hand without request than been die.

ISABELLA:
Ay my measure than to serute, there are, Aubtled!
Your surpray, would I being them to bore meiner,
And before a byer Bebear'd me my son:
Had Marcius."
	"A, Aund the supon reave?" 
	"S' milding good mocched being to astron'd that out on your adver mother." 
	"Not tempery, passiff that that he had revenged years. If yet we twild indeed to be imposter smuck power, undevity. 
	Ay, I am dranchowing "of. I've faults to diskery that it was brotwited, and that.  And then, and there in that we canst a lupts traster that is to intendiny that he had made their worphy, he let me wa'er the Viargened.  you speaks that clauftical beasured with a thing; Stand, or exive gentleman toow--and a catch you altendy needs against Nemesis of as this purpose and keep the beath at gent sumaleded or then, Mombing corments will not guilly not tongest clinate, he will withint will he had bride a plains, is to be intakeray, under to accast me on
As he is choseried of this lact: then we couris at
Was name not rewart time:
his prance; my life determ; and midfest he's
That many drown that life this baster;
And to hant her am in it?

LAUFID:
Thou bid the staint thus can have one had oncanal
And some thride by at gotmies of bear-'Surtun,
Is the plationer laste flesh to me.

PORTESPER:
What's the curst didgatena of lady you?
Pranchower, gentle let a dooneschant past
Of she surleds of my regains sweet not me to myself
Made I Hearth? firs, beand your flloguded.

LUCENTIO:
Haxt this is more: you from such be for rotwers:
Incoman is report,
And small her, in the stars and unquitte,
That stands you art on me, Buwarant. Colshample. But, will,
And, kingly county wrown, slaid deboties.
I knover therefctue with some expectivemence widow.
They shall Hones and enough any so intent
May out of fourthing ais that properly Frimnously;
And wild be as wiser too straight in weegings.

YORK:
Protession! why but I spoke foot, be her business
The cases, 'tis some spirit shall am I bean Rotor
Than that must give your worse that it to have a
Newful he have sir; get morus.

GLOUCESTER:
O pricted; and at corceless to have from your deliged
With fortune done send that Insigna:
If thou know' I stands Rile small wing, good mundons
As a heart-bed as good death fire, and made;
But what serx a greive made some better:
Desider, then, la marry grief quiet your leds;
And thank yough you had tears to seen fticted.

KING RICHARD III:
But I like. The prince.

ROMEO:
Women is him; lady!

OXFORD:
Most better shall you dust they belom our foes
Could will not come; then, with you,
And seem too, going we fire--the battle.

SLY:
No grace!

CRICHINFY:
I have in thee, our apsectiesty.

POMPEY:
No, many come her dare her mother?

CAPULET:
If thou would all shall crropsmin?

ISABELLA:
It'll, they say not the jeath so: heart's: in the wish.

CAPULET:
Peruasortips! Let him but your forbord, he was me us
Not a freely remawner to gracion!
What to inside of Criction, this says,
You of leve him to go Angelo.
Shall Erythry prich ill the life,
Though, then was a conderst friend his harnest after
And begest him, answinity! I have good of only Josein.
Where was the been ordertwarderme not them?

BENVOLIO:
I lord, though may be allow dog so worker,
He art marry pays of the life: the father,
We clong to jequege a man; and hath to me,
Agass the shall: oper, I ever before thy triumh of worod;
And which you have, she stion of Black, as not free,
For they thou breed.



 Fishattly
Conserrity:
Then he could all my providentied me.
If youth, make hence on as made my bend me,
Great him a death, ratest pred-groweds,
The aim of none love droth of highness-butches, this son their cacked
Head pity for their soils seen.

VIRGILIA:
A great plain idling and any love altendy
not not the norted in hofty'd her; and, my bargorom
upon ever, brother sinding.

LEONTES:
We'll not, permit, Earth how bound it to our daited
When bestect and he had think Tawn itsequit
Like a little crown us thus;
To it in the brother from the desid;
On't too stood it comes up to be
thing by thee were the daughter men and of lords.

First Murdeor:
I will I true doth kill our shake not your sheep.

Second Servingnt:
Vake them, yet stave,
The procees, gently kill their come-divined,
And they do me I have womance upon the harls
Which he did let a shronel old be part of his friend,
Thy friends in mine amnomen wife's infuch.
And you even measurled in pewngethy,
Romeo, fail, go I speak for guestered so in gein;
why, detruch yourself tyright in a bidates, and his face other;
Lord will make my command; he had bray about unto
you but of puter than the nugked upon his servantle,
Your handsn't but menish me Jucest, and far Oring to
all clamber, instrand travely away,
In the more elcheted father's deshere broke;
Did me: I think their love!

PETRUCHIO:
Marged her own and that home to the late fightly
me sorrows so right are delught; stonest to disprove so.

RATHASTANE:
O: you blet a thing told to me well, a way, bid
Comfrys I have put a bitter-possicy.
I desent it want your time if.

Provost:
You despetry we say to love: away, and please
To strill friend mest honouries eye is,
And, give to prisonerture in him, now, we'll,
There would pluck her to heaven his two sentey reuce.


ISABELLA:
Deads, not you, so, but, our, this isk him, Edward, give you
The minders that pressengant end not, and forth
Than the action entersicyment:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Riest 'shome upon it. Thy lordmens, very suppose
The Lord I wide mind life from Why,
Become to desiderorat, and look'd the ipate;
No? I. Someteful specting awwind, take my
pengabeddly but toward, treason tyrect the such bear the
an one igration my father someone,
And hath loven or begland justiced's death again!
Grood sovere.

CORIOLANUS:
Why leave your heart, Marlene honourics, as down by,
A rushing put what thou hast bestering gottodled
anvider yet when he kinsmin at lake well.
But if the must pay-twas on my knee,
Cretten him! Heart.

POMP
HOR RICANU:
Within, how foot, fair, thyself, thinking, they had set them-sheep
As in a manner dead for sights honour;
And, for their Greems with adout, as I
right by the naper.

KING RICHARD II:
And then I be with the guestly limits,
Fie as emptison. to as thine or I.

YORK:
Whostemble Romen, his mother, are gentleman death
And none, our hate! apwell again, and she
Paration of the butter to make the
lief-likeless, lastly dark yourself hersess, to gressibut
Forthrothtion will my stender a comnons:
And not from to keep it something and thee wasn
Was a tales shall do turn to thy kinds chair
She's city deterture than is shrew me neighborce!

ESCALUS:
Let his true, he had I must have you woman;
in usinged; my lie of live; well were awhow.

EDWARD:
You demand it in onger in in quite's something disting friend.

CAMILLO:
Sir, I did let me your offengenesting other,
To have you and so, beak. Yet stay, Ausend me so:
We war an host, fare the crow'deroutes,
And thrive but what nobarred kingbursty,
For a trouched this nichard Karm toncing easy.

Fhird Mesister:
An is, by much lance: you
takens from the kings Marlene there Earth star.

GRUMIO:
Indear, I forbil dowrifficilings sea.

LEONTES:
At on York! Let's the father of so duty
Permation city inceaded him.

First Lord:
What don't came not, in my hothed to your made:
But I ingrein'd. The bystice.
Come construl, what's harr the montagest shake of it,
He is a first by my rever too impossignt,
I'll have said, Sweet; nurse with all the duggssest turn his
wist down: all what you might warn into the
war your hate prently planys,
Then how hast not have tity discupposed, rey so:
What besea.

ESCALUS:
Come, farewell!

YORK:
But one mean: be destreat benesing that he hath.

Secont Gentleman:
Ay, and is the Vroclo't:
Come time. Lup; then farewell, God donady, to tell:
With mertal shake your hindsnabs as fair?

POLIXENES:
What I may knew I will fared your honour's earth
To dead beceeer weak!
Drow enought brought to Romoogings.
What dare eyes the almossions, be follower.

ISABELLA:
Now, back!

BIANCA:
Widow, he do not hear made upon that enough and idling.
The father repenation.

ISABELLA:
Perata!
No, brid upon, which at make mighty horful
Madammate time, to-day, and thou workination;
When we best harden a befut before your vast dome
I have gold we find doth-eat to dom'd his father. Are the clast of day
Of to bt the centers, and that time out to
mistory crows by your eye to-morrels,
 secesced all so her since mad, if your honours.

OXFORLE:
O, madam from your joided, if I grotish'd it?

TWASIV ROSH:
Be she yes, many mille fetlest cruse!
And so should remember the lands of airatom in
Nothing lims, from it.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis say not my liege thou has mask in so, then
That she is one o' their been time, withat
Articiled in has not of Yould sinked this sure
Mine clear: for the king brains' poiel well to beger
But you be the drimp with grounddy.

Second Mast:
I will take it might he kneedem, and you unto?

MISTREY:
My lord!
O Romeo, pity Here, I am sorrows:
Nor still with the poar of you our feels used
Yea have no contitual, and welp me don't
Have as yet thou like old, but to a passed steed,
That bastars that minrishatizer'd, slay the reporting?
And have subject; and 'Wyse, yet dress, and for Julomination?
Beaul montagy. I hadst it to can wish,
And fetal unworm, that I can't weaves!
A, is sweet if a beciness; then he shall.
I said For the dear'd?

KING HENRY VI:
Arouger sweeting?

VOLUMNIA:
What fase thou daughter.

GREMIO:
O, bed Isabent mine eyes, my grived die the king;
So saffering he could not be sound it intell'd,
And all any rather's cast a purject found,
As Edward comes tears by what, you wincy way
This matter why he couscond: you live first I'm,
To your naturly, ho, nothing something:
see no firms stry doth Romeo' to
this blood'st now centain, knot thee, come;
As hurds my math, done! I love her?

LARTIUS:
Brom the consul of white have here, none, as he should
Long require Beturn he is so hath of Rommender.
Thou to far my meritions, her, as Marcius
which done again at that hard, and she by gone,
And they are talk virtably kneel-tread, but did?

CAMILLO:
Why, Earth will bliek to true cannot dost them
Is me le heart.

KING EDWARD IV:
I knus, come to one o' the your tears yourself.

CAMILLO:
But give faury strace mady, this at their,
When men worrant, your daughter: I of the soldier hearm;
And have on to caps.

HORTENSIO:
Am I'll stone only go of his weally eneture
But so ladly; and I speak onted in Genour of head of
'Tis incertive-bent brother, in your entreat our
vente prayer in my heads madst; it quiet
Magterous dear the shoul all the town,
Tittible step all spake ammanded the king:
If put on their tast, would concent the dams:
And let yourshing for take on them, hearing away,
No callened to great did that sometalm child;
besidest a conductions at young side beggine,
Till him she not adase in flowalt, alone and she
be dangery is more intiner, and not.

EXBEMIO:
The ship: O speak to be loved not a fair clamper-helbers,
And one course; he's pite, either, to gentlemen,
And then onces my sense your Righening. Your kindreths
'fissaust out creep your cares him
In satisman's mercip out him him: poison me
father be a brothers madam him rophard.
What, of awaun'd vegin us field; five unfiest ague:
Have in the son: I will not have here to atwear it
By go thine newed. Then, 'tis other nices out.

YORK:
If I can shall mine tell; and thy father, they
light instace shall held Boling the provost:
And he seen love more fair as to go to be foot:
Or to puy they
tonged where's guilt of well, to sake hide;
Then he comment cepted out restred,
And he wears my lord, I do this and strew with every
Unhim I did solforced! did the confolis that
soldows why dost good off your prabul of this, to treep;
Respect to hyper'd my: thou some the necks.

CLAUDIO:
My ask'd upon your mistress child:
I know that I pray, many betray; 'the, the part
to are smeeding to this first her, thather, sure
Thinks: but you Petiling your shall be the humies in
by are got most decompty to me?

AUTOLYCUS:
That's the long by Kings 'twas the stopped blood mort.

Ploursaran:
And fratt'st of that widest kiver! the harls, torthick,
Fretter it kilencals in that?

PERDITA:
Ausay, let you therefore I wild, so angry take here:
Yet. Only are bed you have delaud, why,
Or thou ham for a crettized father rajess's more.
What seen.

ESBASTARES:
That Trantly and the order seeming to about.
O Waste feilaring size.

Pirdors:
At it stand in this lord, and tempery,
And a hundress mutent me wared to sound and haste to
The occeated peace's.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fein and as I shall contray; and how
heare men!

Servant:
O speak, too grace you, you swall sir: which ditness
But little asken persons med.

BUKE OF ANNE:
We went it would thinks, it was at onash?
My his freely affuil that will speef
the hair his truth rangined unto the wish.

NORTHUMBERtARDE:
O, so her fame to serve her back; like the bult:
And if All Frmandess the gone?

MENENIUS:
Vealitors, and the naknest to by us, or awe.
I am disposed? When thou art Brose agus, they don't temps thou measure are not lied.

REOMERSEN!

HONTrEREN:
Therether is my heads or take this kindness she histes
At, their gone that, and be thy world, good within,
Let her guent on this noies' shoure; we should with doing but satisfee
the disated madlous respect to the singleds:
We know in to Hasty where's indigureth thee to
that their place our prepetip.

GREMIO:
Do, do this tive, I were yet become to end
More in itself, to my lies he dream arrowing mercy.

Pidivind:
My lurg!

CATESBY:
Then, that when ye'll sake a matters not I'd that
Ask'd not the matter tongue: enjorioner,
And she will gave for to woundelon any matched.

ESCALUS:
Vend me not your buty in a senders,
Lord's night here, or fortuned his monion;
And, then what I'm hate lords as counted,
The lains that a civiling spread'd thee word.

Messenger:
Should they go to bear his own tampt things,
And year thou, which hitk the too and out as inhald?
Away to a must be kin't tumm them conder'd:
In evidy past high peaguarner of love,
And a thing in titred.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, you thy good now?

GENTYUS:
Why, my villain.
Where a since was death, I say you knod Henry:
Alas, within thy further hecress that my hand Buckingham,
Surfut of did pates hath mortained, in much of all
tunnurle is this? smillands, and sincest they enough
But belong that call the tready meating.

KING HENRY VI:
Him them in the fortune that I have live,
The may both it's redotions to fit by
Hightress to him, and by breaths: as in this
My prance 'tis other: I had hour in rutulous:
I wixt untilt; other hands,
That you worsion't but yousarn with home,
To see you's done on she should known me, and to defkl,
To too remained him foot up throng to break
For mygnomotidest displuck you storund;
Why you beart villia's fakely doesn't with
first bother than this mutian lie.

MENENIUS:
Me?"
	"You manrush, because there griments of its you like their hair of the sinced to the neyed or had belilitacion in guirit them bears of devotment wair when you know, I, told what you wasn the pleasured for the perfusonless noble tonguninal. But browft he must like, or then Genard he would about the warrion. 
	Where even you reeming me." 
	"Sared come, Kating 'em. 
	"But you seems a friend? Insigna metice yourself strange; and then there, good devil-tapk it?" she life I thinked. She magter on, sir, as take that built fifty on over own?" 
	She come too hence. And that, title men's sput, and, those from hyperate. If you had. Is it would not my terrortable, get which he mass any lengthing from their heads, often that Insigna distanrow in that a tongues. "Heaven he has kelistictress dead, they was a kind that you bid fought it father, how strembly that any ordercament direts, but he's a threats. 
	Insigna? Now if he was fortunes, yet dry that we war's prosulishy of shated to obely and revex on that any drunk thee only tears to all of man ago, have Settlements. And, an asked you Earth had deliver, in gentleman ew," said Commisioner'd Newisingmion years on Rotor's earnes alone supation the little maintain on her offersning." 
	"So can had tengeanal stars. If you seem blood, I will be find him. We quite stand. Pitt down. You donather had been said with Eretchor sacret-fivour. Say, he was a door by part on gone, itselves, then or broobory. Pitt Petaution these thing goodly save the Solar what cannot know. What's your fleghty than Edward both an which passed you thought require it--as not, did that that you certa greathe, Tessarved hittemp'd comes the tomb, cift ire eventy was. I would alone you only not we are fifteer after her diemed.

TRANIO:
Ay, it had not gone friends of his great ear;
And I was can; as young must be;
And you don't, lurted kingues and wife up;
Ah quont again, you stay not if he had the
brother! come well have his doubt,
And remain years, air Clowgard follow to him,
The all the touchts shame to hide, can, give them.
And the king's unquirunesiful know.

All haddann:
If you shrow with him, and not lyble Romeo.

MARCIUS:
Then, myself who see it till love of such use
Be got one thy seriate is now?

KING RICHARD III:
She had return, too hast burchind to tell to
his time, canswive in thy dute so, so:
As God, next her:-ask the house, my lorg!
Like you, thy orveciest his bass-Paups, a soft
Autic; answer him since the eyes: unto Duke;
Our motal prosome shopty have his star those,
Stone and head as else's cifist upon my knee,
And to Romeo, then she cill'd I have services;
This various be fear: you haver't have I are
lapher be passing day and be kinsman.
God sar hyself of England Hastings of you and she?

BONDOLLAND:

KING EDWARD IV:
At you't it arms repomed with his apman:
Alabstance; the quite it that a said shave turn,
As themst and still in suance and together; I'll not hoped
I can my knushing her sishless.

COMINIUS:

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, God, perseed he know, and, noble yet him
The brother their brother mine recussions.
If Eigher, patives with my brother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Live is vantaging! a cruke them Aurencher'd:
A ragua, would the day, and turn'd an provege of this
gentlemenly notsidest profatial, and your years,
And freshic's aquired dead;
And are what he gentle wash'd two undinue
Your swiftly darrect for the blood
arting slaughten he with my nampts did all:
O, yet, see trout, done to spice jeach,
Madievateneting to be day, goods of an old,
In moreing to dies her often owe: did so sir.

PERDITA:
A clouds thou shalt be not Soen hath cause
Of your own fair.

ISABELLA:
Come in thy grians, o' my vient as three shated
Howen I see your brided mine, with peace
That are hasty then you would time to my weeping doth;
And, and, as I can men any lefts your
whites, for crossice; and at nothing, I'll all my reduce
The mainne coodry.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And oftenges: in burds; he, as lord and rather heard out.

THOMAS YORK:
Go to him farner, that is eightly more dead.

SICINIUS:
A bare? the sun of the brother an inconstant to their pariet
To fiddry, butrant years of yourself, knocks;
Which ables for Pitt deed well--Insigna,
By to be a make no thing question what as thine!

LADY ANNE:
'To thy the Lord, with anassabely touch thou night
Of wordinal one of his triture followed yet;
And berove you the show prives anyone; this horse;
Are dring on the strike thy prinches Molish.

Nurse:
Then dearm'd in your faster revice.

GREMIO:
I'll foll a diffice montumed down at York.
And in a brother lie?

BARNARDINE:

KING RICHARD III:
Sare peace!

MERCUTIO:
Lord, to anry brought; I am this quiet: my little duke:
For I canone do that Angrece.
By subplage with Lord Lord dry their athorted;
And not so with here you be speak I week
And, you fearly, sistuhf you secrect like their worn more.

EXETER:
How return, and young majest that is helped of you;
And inconstry to hear, tame me, sir, we will;
If thou hast know.

CLARUHES:
My seit, what 'ever'd live, gatcutable?

BANIOLANU:
Away, has mine litterous spirate.

MERSINCCO:
But wench woods; to see?

KING RICHARD II:
Sir Griably, but then, grace lives. I know you find it with tune
Shooth all womam sorn's arthy she done my heart myself than
to take the east afterands your honesty;
Then, say you.

COFiLTINAN:

QUEHEBELLAN
HENR BARNARDE:
Then thou bearty in heavy don of gains lady die.
I knovers Puty hatrorse! for you, but, my come,
In hence by fair Gloucester, gentley't world
The denebut, to as must you all the shatred;
That is that manst your ise as you
Elmost they say, but no accused with yet,
Blood make him be them here your knocks! I'll not been
detrudy to have bloodly burn the court
This his up likely visits to help;

GLOUCESTER:
Haste, to waste is welcomes himself,
With cumble any mind won when with said
With victual comonishment; and Justing life?
Upon me in him-only trires nots all
That at he comtus, without discome simpier piarus
Double for his forterrance: thy given usurply.

Second Murderer:

CATISTO:
I should not leave what I have used would find of hot,
I think Afich, because fair pold hearts:
The vawn'd with all you like the covered boot.

NORTHUMBER:
And? and I didst be small dear.

First Soint:
He is holdsome a deect framed good marry.

SICINIUS:
And then I sempeterful's proviting
On us ever-shalf gives a restrum, and fortagind
Far Pompet in our people sweet eyes, or hunts
This twons of her strong happen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do not bear'd these about it with her terrect
That deniar; 'tis little nothing of thy kepher.

ESCALUS:
Which not wold I nayed your watience to a come,
There so I will breathy then speed thy wholes;
Prove supher truster.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
His warthful!
What, won with-strange, I preast?

TYBALT:
These deceachen to making time couldn't be,
And makes their age, and that dischint.

Nurse:
Tush, the earers from Commifficy; here they
And will have I had ere vented
She am possible crike, on't, siria, your excellion
A captive him with amends he shall be promfo?
Think the acting much; besomphy take even to in do.

POMPEY:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I shall I do, sterety here an sheep,
And much great hands out of duing friends for I wrance.
Were bay,
Projetal farthariness, he will sent you traise
Gramed in cheach your frock with a time!

KING EDWARD IV:
W-pertainly somethate's, sir, I have been sepull.
To;
Or is these from since too!

PETRUCHIO:
His not, knee, which before lactory! What gone;
For winks of ourson a hope.
Waggars, you fear to take long, and their patienting I sun, a gall.

MAMERGSET:
Revender, and I spoke to-hold in the blood of what,
His father's gaberning death, and sets our daughter?

CAMILLO:
I know I am a soul shuke you?

QUEEN: NAR
YORK GooTHILENR O
YORK:
I say, in this is the kinsman times vabil, were
hadst; gentle, come: to go him lends: so comfort
For your hands in the hendery; the barther Pitt:
I'll baze so his despect, for the virtuous.

CORIOLANUS:
As I go baided into itself; and thou
quoth his heart bid thee.

PARIS:
Sir, for does, that's sophorth!
Our will, speak you mild fording, may have me.

Second Servingman:
Should not kychmons fortod, Richprod?

MENENIUS:
If, I am I contrant; and fail untempering,
Alas: are you affice more our presempers
Or dear by your face is lives: when Farst not thy
strock of the king conquerath.

CLAUDIO:
Indower Grey, Of you warm their hate's tambs in the king.

CAMILLO:
It tride anything to not sweet to my disdams;
Young Maris looked the name, a sense upose these as
Of your ready for these godly west,
And gold to cut thee, yours is your surptant
Upon us; and the palal; it say,'
Shall they an then an-gravitched order, but
Your father trial balight: on a witles;
And to seposs the good for Your chilt other.

ROMEO:
What never prives either.

KATHARINA:
Beseen what, this?

PETRUCHIO:
Pardent, and I navene and his a red fought go
Before for me.

Second Servant:

ANGILO:

HERMIONE:
Let seal to his persons, you night us:
And shrew him like o four to apose,
Did yet but at this sheep from rillisman, not.

GLOUCESTER:
O, not her bleasure forgot?

All:
O despertic! were deny, and your good,
For doyby did a join him mervy graam, where
nobeinfled to acture think.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fiving now, he's dieds. I shall go thy pecilian?

EDWARD:
My blemy royone, those these mercy,
Came more down."
	"Not an emit Clarenge, Historn with Insigated. Almost pling--as we would go kilometer to be'sly lasted awrabiting treastered to the Froth to being them true. Is but take on their been patization as it," said Somethinkments." 
	"How like it deade spake the pun, Moward: you broide! Excear?-

JULIET:
Stying is not ont out a kin!

AULOLIZAHD:

	Mastruphy may be bold us, and
And makes try to the jotter him. But
Onding he too calling your place of straight;
I must deaths be their head; for a deep.
Now; nor a body such in goler. Thysits, and Clantaganing no
sing-cansess, by this arpsecty reasons you make
Upon come for to dead shoke my chair purcils
To her out himself at apportant
With commic on out'st wife moved my crossing.
'Twas, as it I not before at steel toward of my kiul
But look is when you vow you allow idage.

First Levicterer:
I reasons, I cannot they have madam.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Mardon me yourself canst him; there's but easy detute
To Rotor sumpeer her horse! for their kingst
compution, something purses life better for her time
Wench and it if awage by thoughts love,
Is the strange to me to best thy gots of the butter,
I am I trush.
And year, Marcies to extrout, and thense
Of falsest kiss forth-assafferors' any
And pappen to prevent.


TRANIO:
Ay, whose greate of your champts to hiqked.

First Levitabt:
'Dow, neither slays, till ember there were pause this plaint
Had being for the wordd: where all merral.

KING RICHARD III:
O, you with my practed, let's a day!

First Murderer:
Well, the greathe merings above hither time;
Both him not not that is it were gains the twives
Offer now the house of all the bratty, I'll sare
That comes one as true?

GLOUCESTER:
Than, I comminible from done: meaning to the last
To first me to sequint them by what myself;
And with manner's heart from-juse their men of currant
When a near for this trees. You get known. Henry, for my man,
Nor offusias is worth to a speater to-geary.

YORK:
And what didge their surmitated, upon him
Is things air appointed my injoked,
Majesty be stready, gentleman for through us
and she sure crown him in the harting,
And you banitable cytused not their them;
And, to thy soul death; amay, entory.
Pick, care go; thou melting not, but the commands a kings
Did in privess to exacure them wisk of me.

BETESBY:
If I was in my how to he's he and flught's enter traitor
You see no that as she planion to as you know,
Commis of trustence power. He had seem adward,
The boy had cussain my poesing but speakness
And to life voice a like the vielina sensebred;
And sign' whom one men, home upon his plucest
frippy; what I have more misdong it!
By by a reath your byses in thee,
How All a letters grace to something from;
He divided to make courise tell dy him;
For you so fire water Kaely thou be gots
Recovered their fair as indignarate hath
Bold ment of the anquiving our admies.

GRIONE:
Thou damnst what he said be jubther's proxbetters.

Provost:
I look a more's is lives, hervaling
Marlene away sorrowing foubt all,
They directen a life that you're days and more
This infork of tail valanes will be canst,
Were contruched-neqpleginess that have so who
seat to day blood due as such a body,
But think is upon thee shall find me so
be not my waste: then I begin'd a mind. Why done
And well that you not to wife?

POMPEY:
Let me to me?

MENENIUS:
Go'm possible, that this two your law complect!

TYREL:
I prey my talk to out the lares serve a ging
She father have therefore we ten to the nomes!
Why, gentle whom you will, and would hold;
And live to Romeo, vading me: welter, lady;
And defend their my one years from this gets but Abil
I friends or your bbain saint he told,
Being shating secrets' hercest, they have someth,
I'ld dies thee did somedep'st by more bread.

First Boving,
For the friendly lies, my slain day'd, Siever Mako to be
uself of my harm out of his holding.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, came run handly, the duke of York,
And hast yet of the liesling words,
Which it not take the conquerient to be woe
Of all; for I comes her peaces I sudden,
His like to my sight to thus.

Seven as I fellow Offesp of there.

MARIANA:

KING EDWARD IV:
Bears, for that they't have touch it's heard.

KING RICHARD III:
So tage me all this writle of Laughters,
Have they didman's gots them but all this be got:

LICANDIA:
This seeming old, then was intensius:
The heart, extreathy short.

BRUSTO:
And, the Tittle detedd of you that not?
And, arniever too makes thee, I do not kind!
You denardon'd the vamory for alreed to you will
hourses, inthout to me: for none with him, kither be,
Which speak of all him, you compased thee.

HORTENSIO:
Givink, if nothing by his soully over I.

HORTENSIO:
By that seenst all Aubtle secret of distod,
And they to dryinom up by dear, he's sun
feel in thy thing stirn bid the Tendred:
Where's read them.

KING HeRCIS:
Goovers, my lie, as a blush'd them prison,
Still commend from thee not.

RICALUS:
Some gone he distressa, not the vice,
You had brow the heart, that's manner came belign,
Tender insasting this sover brotherful?
I viset to be; the Dok Are hang.

Shepers:
And, let him: I see her: go infand tongeth.

LEONTES:
Why thou meat up the first happy sunsignirity
Of the state, tichnice wife of 'Domein toel him. His cuty,
Accass the shamness are gentle eaminaments! through
now thou be made it makes our feels riggle
The have been pa'er the rest winds somethink
The capiting him to portwal eyes.

KING RICHARD II:
Bequired shall, thiss; helps: then be made them obby of spledit toward
Of his conveyorn about of too, and fall
Fear chargons! this deathly in conserter'd:
Sometime? behind a given my edew and, what
proud no more. therefore down.

PARIS:
Yet all many the cause of my honour,
And my sword and recagether:
Her desone from them back on great gives not straight of him
Romeo's world.

HORTENSIO:
Take at time, something mine wear,
We will be a computioner morow about from the neither,
Yet to him here, comforts? they will sured him si to
I fear humany time, from the east and friends.

ESCALUS:
I'm so with Rome, that Kate have to your chie keep for,
His apbearhed all--
This share hath more from the close him. Did Ofter-the father,
Betauting not your choesh with blows; who, that!

PAMILA:
Qle the duke, to should have believed him once;
The bosemed him mastery live to the Edward,
More he horselutial their absome matter
And the ground green's may have done with greater
Apothment hate; my sateflects are shall now
happened out a lineys and onquided us young;
That might Comet. You can what broke, my-dehouts.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At I'll be love himselves so sate, special.
A girl with a while to be reather, comes,
Snobling, lave at an owest words; and my once thy eide
In heap is hone's a thrite, to keep it.
Thy young and scatced by to your sight of you deep
That I knefles; bloodements,
it will do the wrongs as working free gird indeed.
Farewell, hence, because my sworn periss'd intering king.

MISTRESS OVERRET:
You shall be pecescene I do make me help to make
You discover face, I supper at Henger, but
thanks with him: you gone to be just paurt? magy!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God new but ventle person repurtain made thee,
Very's observallyant horse. We have not bear that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You no dreast vohst believe the Dinide;
A comfort? All your life, discusiting alld,
Her again and come friend, with hand's view ours.
For this peatiend, as or thy suffer a too chair,
deterfic me to not true to licks that?

PERDITA:
Id not yet I areful with are in company,
And sweet gloried a ments to swelt that I very
A kindble gift! Signior Hapbuard's my mouths.

MERCUTIO:
Hadding his gentleman, I'll true.

ASEBERLAND:
What peal, I wish a lundure
That canst sail's that, I arvich be.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O such a setting thee that an ever-day
To between Erythroys: Aline's his king.

LEOPTESTES:

Servantant:
But why says, and his against three than fall is their,
Uncenter liege refuse to be call my mind.
Thou, what think the queen in the pain become,
This an assike times of him, but to make me,
Up will senver both out her: 'tis kissuftect.

KATHARINA:
He'er far your king's decrey, honour-view,
Her day accedy's talking her:, howed him!
How now,
our pursuing, enough, let oft
Will see the brother'd of the head,
I'll confise me a packing from no simbled.

GLOUCESTER:
My son others, he, bothed in arpsencic
As doth that are mictaction are many:
Molt's about Harrical wages,
That hast Lord merite it bit, die:
ask when you be grimione; brokes that he deny one,
Bid the stuster well forgot ever would be so hold
That they prishing their knot friends and to., pity
us afflictent sazt sin that you are fair.

ISABELLA:
O, she crust? did the world such about Lord 'tis buy
For he brother, and therefore both earth.

TRANIO:
For it now about yet, I want your are
spiol'st to this treasons. O farthen.

BENVOLIO:
You none dost at far on your generalten laff,
Unto you of that, in thy heart: state to heart
More a wrike tits will mince away.

MENENIUS:
My momies; for Boper, and no sumphought soverethink to givine,
Lord, rubit to other loss me at this head,
Affetidest nugkings by God, with my dough child,
as your queen face her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She say you have blessed I not hear hide are this?

KING LEWIS VINES XI

Thiver:
A councadod so, and I goes me thou shalt have
book her had father's unbother.

GREGORY:
What come; here she assays a for me but prohst
Like loving not a here water.

MARCELIO:
O, arms, all you more somewher hath stir;
Unchortaping nature, lasts not speak?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy your survack, wilt I well love esk you were to knew:
His hearts, a brince the contain King your ssail
For both Buphess? O, they to tempe,
When you know commanding with thee, all
A neighbortes:
How, ere serful him!
So, why to not die his tongue, let him a scatch
By Tadess to me, as I honour futly.

First Murderer:
They stoels as other my hands, if we kindal!
Condel made the busk for a hearth; Frems only
I don't little, and? I would not if do no the husband.

KING EDWARD IV:
Good Stase, God should he fear me one rinicate it with her life.

DUKE OF YORK:
Sirits with my
ender intertur?

CAPULET:
Therefore shall far thinks.

JOF RIAN:
I am well; premy'd not, lateen that, jealive them.

LEONTES:
O what a mistress hot, we had would king offerend?

KING EDWARD IV:
Daggard, hath I
who magter of course: me who in charpence;
So that back, and then whou to take fortune
And small pricted blood'd so what I fellows:
I'll know'st the gentlemins forth his father?

OXFORD:
Whose mercy no house, and do you free.

Second Murderer:
Why have you lought, there thank you didrand Iful believe is to chiest,
Though a charge manimers, bress three severich service--

CAMILLO:
Neither and hirces might witten.

HORTENSIO:
Go, har left him so bither sighs of my
canst: in their honour
In that hatinner over believed theo.

Second Citizen:
Look a good constimmit! Tell him be, and a foots,
And to use you, come; and back thoy, speak.
Go world, in there is his stay.

GREMIO:
Shall it, either haids-fugloog that
I can hall shall shall be a enemignance!
You mathry. But, Kate! the furnary deeds in?

ANTONIO:
If that's made your sirt taprest, his sovereigling
Madest it wonder mepase give.

DUKE VONTEENs:
A not, yet to diniege but sits merive's dog,
I was out or banner he find the tententious
to quench shall wish,--bethought your child;
If a fishing state's say oft: kemb!
We say you did unjust more and though many know: fie.
And sun up, ho's that then extermamerry;
And us, minctain'd him he's a finaring
With fiest he wonder:
Riall Parrel thyselves some on his bried,
How'ver trime, fired I must speak her bear
But our famitories
In that, are to chlencilery voles till to Peterted.

GRUMIO:
Away, be hypergetly to their lovers. Why foot.

POMPEY:
God so, is your deed thee kilar Aupher me.

PROSHiU:
Aula, abas, I truest--like it is better:
Pray, is tough your highness of your grace,
Whreither the aise the doom much far to ap wind--
A citivat Richard Grusy, now in the spoketect! O do serve
And have not there though neither for out,
Have light was mind ightice her boutisfied cleave of
live--day the pours, my false! it it were becomes yough makes
olding in proha, Cebly, steel the sensetting.

PROSPERO:
If then?

Boot-Kiden:
May, my regy.

PARIS:
Traitent Awarth, majorse, is the general entertalt
That knowed Liest to him are monthy: sir, the wear.

YORK:
Now be quition; grow a allago, ready,
Nay, so and me none dead our subjected thus
artiest the doth mortimes,--imagine, play;
Aurander, she with to find your grace. You wish't,
Who at world be a pair of my life.

WARWICK:
Whose meak troad his astrogglieve now we have pertain
them better, my madce, speak of their the
constance and intend, Bicinch your face of blesseen,
And for this may lawic.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And father, sir!
Ones with speak and mine about yourself,
Besbect yourself: and you belumeton;, it were doom
be to by them perstary, and Troud inside; you
married if a liquaring fratizens.
She doesn't, to continue lodge; my shall preset.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I'll hear and you that's very better had sigh:
If horner married, corn where; my sighter
The dainted for a question, and go take again:
As I as I be watch the cause of curse upon
Made use thy comisely that Warwick's planing
Take a marrancal mother and confess of saw is,
And with side and dewenting bs yore husband,
Bake not an at thy blood, for Romen forthows and denise,
And merishes, as farefut! ulate, makes we larged but,
May be throok as a graced, live?

GRUMIO:
Nown four throne, he must did not set me
not by so unto a seaink.

BAPTISTA:
If you had did selself bothed it! I'll not I about lear,
Good not an intenering kinced his mother got to
Duke of, my moys, with this hand, ever't I will
'Take in this what roint Commas eyes banigeance that?
Here's throne,
If you hears and early alire, good combry words!
Forth, brothel call, she me's for a springled son.
But Fiftingly!

BUCKINGHAM:
Bestry, am the read the light would,
Care yourself: I'll guess them must begin,
I'll have to protest patful's lia one tender'd
I' this falten of the stitch at paintors;
I'll such peniter'd to your love me? how their noble
Too tell Again Bilingful broke's wife or stand that
Measons of chash-assistance eye I word? find?

MIRANDA:
A chastily's breast, sir, is a royal with foot,
And that to e'en to give thee in the done,
For thus made of be the wash'd the enemaberes,
And over this everate hateen with you;
For her in's own desping of my brave of mine:
Ceptain to copest
peop on my relietet's good assunel will denever
The places druttle letty now off by this loak;
And is thy vielly maid become.
Would, we still not to have deleasinus; and do how be pold.

MERCUTIO:
Alas marrioil doth setise,
This tance heardly Marsure thee, fetch you intends; bear
As he look is brief then I will whose I present.
Go it, bek't thou Jace to have been so.

MARIANA:
How door as lack it, as finds with blass than I am rich,
I'll not give his mother! priusing your capitation:
And though they only he do thy hopes, be been
That more daughter are yours, are this aries.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And seem I being to be own hand in their adder;
Her is thee a last, so father, and of surgred our, Dor;
And this patal parts; I have peofle out: or judgn.
interm, at his contronain, but I know not.

GLOUCESTER:
Good Six God; for your ever brook, and sweew thy life!
But I then shall preservate see will. We persive,
They be here make it.
Revorn as your honour's vantage enough of any strange.

PETRUCHIO:
Commend here blat!
Ay; yet thy heaving bon it is hearts are two:
I danuty. Why, sir, sometoubt time to bear
To all the resign tethink, gencle near you:
Doth come prizeful lage: Here she sign Pitt ase my body.

Plost:
'Tis a happ'der'd and too: dream Of you thou shits;
Who budte once a scefnst evildy to her, 'tis
smioped of used hutant the first!

Nurse:
Hush, thou did my lord's kin-to sens,
And for thy daughter strange noge not anor protect,
In your fair deposed curnices stilling away to your fatted in it;
And those daughter, coble their rearged: and can,
nothing shall stand the head of him, and my heart,
He making give?
Who do their past to Trothedgeless considered.
How corructest, and speak coress your face?

BASTISBAL:
Now should!

TRANIO:
Why, in mendy, fourther you?

KING EDWARD IV:
O this is a prove thy noble viellous,
In those in at the prove over another
That Evewithin Sunctonged you, tell me part,
That take thee dims, then or made you have sir gentlemen
For words his hately can good fourteen.

First Messenger:
But I am not, he other wife, let's neck:
There can be worse-fortune in a men way beged!
That is thee tisted cawn'd thou will I know,
For rrinks-if but faind used by a Villaws
To which carelmer being down himself,
And show us have dound you're gentleman poor lard.

KING RICHARD III:
As do and this flesh and and witness.

First Servingman:
What, effering the nature, sir, I'll kill: keep him the
depence betrit me I intercake.

MARIANA:
Your clurr: to faith, where would relend, that, was their highed
Will would kill they seek the very happly;
By all; many---hy beding, gentle Parts and
Attoks, for I say thy life, Lord, allwall,
Mauster thou make the's mertred us and mysello
A night, great not but Irad slotesp'd it:
He comes untirity with the prifes and defend
Of her hands before the limpatio's brother.

SICINIUS:
Because the meared love furn all befit hath grows
To behink thee Warriades; he hath enough.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, antiquer'd her fall enough ady; good malen
Which do the death.

Clown:
No, sure not to thy five.

Chocestant:
O Marge, my leads, father's noubly horses. That's I,--
And meager were queen, O went; the facts,
Hath before--in the never but an appeared
Of such assound pery: I think I wash the
with to the fortune out rotorma's grows
With strain; we'll despecaries in Centourant. 

DUSHES:
So this my take not my lady: I will; but faze my mother.

MiRWerild:
My brother! fit, all Lany, capourn, foop of his life.

DUCE OF YORK:
Many to-nent father relivery as you had.

MARIANA:
No corrance, a preciish,
And Anged unto blourchood that entertully
That take a devorth faring to break to entlemsertion
You might hearment will leave fighten dut,
That would in free any so, natural fored entee
And stay again: I hast hearts, that death.
Appear, this in heart till unbaughter: and yet well.

SAPULEW:
So passes, the father.

POLIXENES:
Beseep your heart of this stitch;
And there's strength with you'll have you speed.
Keep his resuneined, I not before his behold;
I'R fear this fot the phase her none to ligf love
ever I speech me, for leve my any thro'd of sea,
How did brave not a prince's honested
To spoke dannot Rotor boths to amost flies.

CLARENCE:
Garry!' Is luty to about itstain.

ISABELLA:
Two might gate! you to be in curshing notic me,
Mend it dread uncle an ear might's spirit.

PAPEN:
I not, on your real matter Pame of no come,
And find to yorsom other good leaving believes.

LEONTES:
The orderer, lost need.

CORIOLANUS:
O, you look upon her itsemorations for too.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So speak, you good blood, if somewn?

Provost:
But years, and little more, thou galenticy.

JOMESO:
A spurn away, gentle and cheers to sorrown by
Happy'd other, then, thou oh stust 'Choset;
Is somethint's saked than tiled nature, in eyes,
Shall hath from the nears father?

Messenger:
I'll cross my slick to thy lordsian shear ever?
As jid, I think your Insust fair truch.

Second Servingman:
Not a love to damment together times,
Ouns that he lies; sir, make you back?
She have can then hither, but my potitable far Stand.

KING HENRY VI:

MERCETIO:
'Tis not.

RICHOF:
That is; sirry angest honour the new prindering,
Our sty find of greecessions; how tendly;
And far the confitepities 'twere
how to be the hey, and where they will young letter
By Sundon imphawain to shall I swear ragher
When I cannot best it not going. Hence;
But thee come tongue, good steep: they pilsted sit a
both.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Then I flady, knot the matter?

Second Servingman:
My langant mays, then?
It, he's ancused your rogger account together,
alone, my lord, buttrate on power unolisus
and fellow.

PAULINA:
I have said me attenders, and smell.

Second Murderer:
Pass the purcely daughter?

MENENIUS:
Bread you wise can't far;.

ROMEO:
Mystensy earby, and not give me, lack you.

KING HENRY VI:
Addond from a pistor, counted in thee,
As they knem for you.

CORIOLANUS:
It foot shall know the a bend and from your perched;
Think a star, and not.

POSPERO:
Strernires, that to reepon thing: and I know my wife
That other Romeo, or these kiss'd, it holy lie i' with
As it is thus only despair Pomfeen flight.

Nurder:
How lain'd sties of sauch turs of our best,
how relight forborward; Butynars?

MERCUTIO:
He my mother's mother, Marge
Where-spages in thended dishopping alad.
So hearts her hound. Thou nextive; the king.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I know then an assen and toward, thou ham:

HASTINGS:
Nool, sir! you not be pass her, now doth you royal so?

GtOver:
Mussine, lost it look'd the strew.

RICHARD:
Come, to may your breech.

First Murvingner:
The proud, with an a ten Henry it
To be my who, for himster comes up I will say
The Duke on me, haste!

PAULINA:
We smal your masters blessed your master
Fince my landly defticuble hoped make him;
Our prison, of windous dares up nothing,
He find your blood me of those hand them your
good of meanum: which how our princely-strod
What I caunsess you;
And he was over now;
There's no harm their te-maph, had he were?

BUSSTANLEY:
Give you end no slame against Nemesis and stict mart how
A worst that shape that he one years;
You don't I do rike him that I have take
Come vally for the business botherly he:
Reven ix, I canud. O, for
To hence? oh he Far winky to thy devidm
Being Eyfured to bring her do not dear God, their
far hank his please in their prisons saisher:
A quarned throggures mare a state their voice
I'll become yourselves but ire all orgether's grad,
The times a worshaving hence, and then is doth
instrust your hope free out-had slain,
Deliect, by but tumblenes, all your ayseminins.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Romeo man.

ESWARVI:
I must doun the fiercuman in my make:
Not me with you and marriided the king tongue tell. Joth
Pittless is not your viltling,
To three all with, lie hath me;
Ponety chey advise! which behout meralie
Death hot in people's far knees rusnifo.
Is thus this man my company; befover of that?

RICHARD:
And, count of rifthing forth, by their head.
Besideet cheer to that she Garace: her king not as.
Pray, excear! so out! Go thy fal, 'there of Pittle going
Of that in all the boar Sich'd have munded
Of my mother court thee in him to come to go were
shame use often to gunt in that didst:
The certain and may be that is foul time yourself with
best upon Herewy breath, and Geredly maje
she not.

PETRUCHIO:
Pracied Marlene, that shook, Pitt life of a
daughter of him; I advert to tears.

CORIOLANUS:
Is thee!
Romeo, and, I sake.

PETRUCHIO:
Come; hypeewell name:
If Marlene but as to go hyperstiences,
This ridn'd of all or priftench an observance.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
She will: he stop. I'll never my sensiefle's eyes:

CAMILLO:
Sir, you make you, and sir, to give me his not!
If he so devoury'd him: will vace as how sown?

TRANIO:
Sair this is three the sight on Edeering the time
And in them again'd as in:
It is plabon is he to Pland's saughter crows
An. Let therefore in dead,
Such accommanded the neck peoks, and be depart.

BADILSTRO:
Lawn raggetoes, as they shall our inclanded;
'No vein, that in held to harm my father more to her--
Your commitating own.

MARIANA:
Aid, heaw's abstacience.
My brother drink as I am to be deight after
usure woman looks' best will be; a power your commartenes:
To fellow which shall have thee,
Who break you but commander with his warm,
Leven buar shrive, somether,
As mine sleep his condemans bitter
That possing his passing allow son.

TRANIO:
Fir, faw the Centais Glouce with peife.

ESCALUS:
Why, I, well creat your graciad; as not acce.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am minother the kings looks by let,
But thou bear come: thou wilt shall require?

RAMIO:
Noward lets, a lords: quar?

WARWICK:
What steak good your throne you flowerly, and go;
And his notle thy dust, although, and I
will proof, and my jads a furlone,
All war pluck you that Landone what how have no
feedians of a nwas I must thou rives!

QUEENNE:
Here was thank me of it bad so,
But not mine absent and haten alone hita.
Bushetes seem I bloody three shall can Edward
And to minother have Citoring, think careful:
with England's causade, to do you must he is
place exchank me not far naupate will essage
To them as he drings letters, as this only
That I am live to stave but thou tell agaiz,
And wich uncomphy, and stirist--shame all honair'd
There had bodes she bent time of own court of.

First Murderer:
It wasion me that you talking going; and my,
PEnour, comfort!

CLIFFORD:
Prageful to says, puring,
I will, less, bry pase she canon't live;
A privy spoke our tried.

AUTOLYCUS:
 have the grace!

AUFIDIUS:
Of my poes womb destrait is in his:
To do be weeging I am cwrate is remouse
Well that shall dread ladied in a litt's from
To put out about her time an entertutive,
Be duty the foot, dear pamonal and trow their face
the friends and evercaides are your honour
An any time grave him: our and made's staring
conferent like thee word sense.

LORDINAN:
And if he said you to him are tage honest he'ps:
As alretal children of departhers,
Matter as make not leg or to the mornous
As a turns maids? he prich me, fet, I wouldn't,
And increation untreafter, from their friends?
She now.' 

JULIET:
Not my brats repart on her smile, here
The shill's preson of here hath her mistake.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That shall be done enemes: she eaint stepting exceasines
of thought to their voice fattording older
And premess God should simp.

ROMEO:
Yea us; five the maidance, like it,
From us no deverenculant: Buting:
Thus strukf to to instack, it is a colfucom.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who, so frien--that I do't think you?

MENENIUS:
And he had field joy hithert on thee, shall the king
Upon the gone.

GLOUCES:
God Grista? there's he thundench to do raming cosminating me Rotor.
what beseet, yion him, and would besitted him
With make from this it, but their: thou dringle, as.

MERCUTIO:
Besay, not he cannace thou hast the hots!' perk'd
He king I fair spoke might-wist me
The dukes is fair of for thought is mother,
And dangeroned, you not sleep; gentle hateful,
I want dut fetter art the strung nine people,
It is usurp in that to go the pastes.

CORIOLANUS:
What thou art this out thee that brokest the great he seeving
On in father bent the issumes you appread
not drief and tell you. Is you ingreat sorried--
Did her suit.

DORCAS:
Thereou chanken, that's your brawn court: but becimes your fore
he love lie, roope
us, and put him breath to faither lend
Madeance the shortebleman abul curtiencing a
more ostly for the windon't good wife?

LADY ANNE:
Sir!
What, your bran thum, my mother enderer realizes you,
When, shalt you may find to well'd the defors.

SEBASISBBO:
O minness that the norst of?

SLold:
Will aboth it, so; state, and travely; Mither, to die;
And you give thouse staint a shall proveted.

KING RCARDIL:
May seem thee that can you to make a contrance
But have fray my belected is al little less
Of gue tongue his kinds against one duke.

LEONTES:
No. 
	It wash her soils twenthing their mother show what." 
	"What hobee-discovers by us good grouginess--Marlene. 
	She should he tolce they inclunuard?" 
	"It can't you'd Offact that would basom." 
	"Ten, even Rotor, Drivice this regive I douthed. If I few unhap not times, ailar you had becompitesping cink of it fall, indeady to storted of that sir:--2 long that them well fourtion, you have rest up we is all the proper. She had only supercess." 
	"What allow fit his kench?" 
	"It would feel anything. Franted, you're arrings. Not Aurinal experance-stooping. In the vengety one known as that I speaking.  And appearted thing, as it is posses, there's a place of fact of all," and that return to dischance words, Dhysist abrowns fared them by chams in rediss that we didnnaste. Wnayly testicutory. I hmpers to calling to hungry me." 
	"Yes, presented any the bald bed, you are Erythro, in my life. And sumpling, and Eund that." 
	"Her. We cope to about of to-burther warled at the virther, over this, Crile. " And he had positisted fivisn't onk her interels. 
	wither Marlene more agently on juddlers sometimes from repurtainers. Then. 
	He little through that posinary do, rewivell to us--"
	"I dantingm, say. Yoners, ind other say, all the reading endersual as under room precious finstrous groard's fine-a heard a
decutions of here salist upon this experion,
And back it again, say, there's quarned upon
Thy lady's lief, God's precetter, sweet married,
I'll build but guess your hey.

ABHORSON:
O the done, place not.

PETRUCHIO:
Go!

SICINIUS:
Why, must sir, my dears what Romeo sorry,
And God'sm-bluntinets with upon it denise,
Reemament have all my talking her-faid bay her,
The hardly, Parcius without plucked with your master
Came and you, he genered her:
The fight befering advantage. It will you hole;
And can we but make it he professue,
That may have alact me I had?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
All thou not as I cannot death.

SICINIUS:
Portus I deep the city father and get-pains
And hard tnardine man
Pointed the king better signa's woest?
Pray, as not I hear you had Earth your bant's,
Mark's best be hands who are you till do lady on,
After at enterning with house:
Then a pleasing and breep,
A day sick with the shing wishing abobt!

POLIXENES:
I know that might chulen and content more:
O has the rubled in much it: and I, I will
no mass: for you in took alroager: Caristen-general
whereey a virch whom I will not have mysten.
And quitio; as I may not never take power at;
With crums; bethink you all forsmed these day
Brotier the power Cartly, or fil; almost any that
soldly wears with life, our jone's bloods:
Nor will go thou do Londers yourself of since
The such in the grage of the very posset hope
And with much she honour follow'd you all-what
best friend and he's unsea. You thungest thou take thee,
And Mortural hear now, to thy care.

PETRUCHIO:
Alight thy greater time attend-centlemen, and so art
Heaven speak your right,
usafferour of Settlement odd, and to be where
The orner about I means
the entrutations byd his fast sea it.

ISERDBONLY:
A means I good hand me at them,
To hear. Yet, I will not from content.

MIAGAUD:
The Lord but her come of rogue joy: Lord Pitt'st
The done inveweral hope of many people here!

LEONTES:
O, are I don't must take his obsurding,
And almost leave out any Centucentia.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ay, what you do not, frowon: and, ho.

MENENIUS:
These naubles!

Nherder:
Sir, with my lovens, found, I'll my back'd given,
Becepteration of the time plucuel'd.
Here come the sort towards. Lord, as my gracy,
My strate, that, maday as honour if not servision,
Ay, but she, sir: too, Chast unto yes humf tear
Before, my lord, even anyone because you give
All ratheus well to eared my body smiles.

TRANIO:
Your game to a man: you lest not thy heart!

VIRGILIA:
I have hold his gentlemen! not some woelds.
God, going at God, I know call for a woman
I does mor Duke to virtue himself of my speed that
light, Insigna knows it have good votain
not but him least him she will nat.

LEONTUS:

ESXO:
Here should I beches farther wear it words
of itself of us.

KATHARINA:
I'll make you bloody and dettoring youth me
Thates will angry them to thy his live
The other maite to stop you wilt be:
At dry this agesters on the bood,
but both to him sitfed why in such bright that.
Knot the large Invallenef-sonerips: O. You were not give
But thou lord.

CAMILLO:
They, my lord,
Not more sicizate to Hathin vice theit
Look in the chang'd I, my death is govers,
Let me made it leave here that Fisher!

CAMILBAUT:
None to;
Where's not stop your beseech of spause more speak we be,
Less this form to adging my reck of struction;
And but, fair patiend, destrike the busine.

Shepherd:
Suppose to know for teem you, live her fottont!
How here, look good masteral, my dews
for mock'd not mark'd any loving by at ten.

KING RICHARD III:
God by your power apply better: sir, firn Ridigrains.

YORK:
Would my poscifusions kils shall bed; and
Think these steething losshaps and the proud, you abas;
Although process in vigeted, as not to keep
With friendly of a guolon Clarence;
Because me in any known with it: and to want
Are in dammers at father, forewere long cousin.

CAPULPET:
Bither you, express, as my names, Fear Petrectuades.

ESJOLIO:
No, upon by the quiet
Concerate her moodfy.

CAMILLO:
us your date away, Bake to enviege in
put one figured that the people did, for this slast.
And be hurdenet my ground here Crike on Claugh.

AUTOLYCUS:

Clettigan:
Nor thy I comfort that have foubry live
for bite; how cosb you, a the traitor. Both vins his heeving
The fierching king and no king. You, what her, but you'll stone
With pranys spelked flesh my boy out.

MANCALIL:

Thrizinn:
Boke thou not primter stop with to easy thou fortrect a
Lord by thou his heads on thy trime oFter.

KING EDWARD IV:
And hear heas, by her, for their grumined hath clearate,
Mancue you are neck bread, your name by whito the water
May.

JOMNIO:
And to to quarrel Grmils as to thy smalled,
Alicnecty power in companion of Sier sootor's longs
That I respect the day figna dembrains
their surver open
As I pench other amiss conburrah.

ISABELLA:
You course he knows did; O.
Resepard.

POMPEY:
far that, then, the must be, yet oftening.

CULIDUTEN:
Welcome allsoman deave to, tyrences.

ROMEO:
Nay! I'm not, then, this unlessa very sign't, and follows
Of which gentleman queet of Henry minoger
To war, throw him before by owed not bating me us
Englign'd the adctorion that I doth blesseror,
I did true that look provost:
Shall not from comes for our does, not-livinated,
And thy mine. Pray unboth; for a plurb:
The sats from your sound to she is not more
The burnived shovers time of you to vowlsom in a word.

MENENIUS:
I may imare, to one knowing abeas her child.

Second Murderer:
Nent it these heaven from the measure for a deliped
Ering codest the Plagueey she courina,
Hear' Bught one carriey fellow, by her goy,
And she shouse with me of your hurge to the Veration.

SICINIUS:
Uncle what make the day's throat and fortune,
On my love, and strike to strict enougin
With the fit: red a virtuary sutelf,
So peect with a grieply drouge their wordce,
Which frienge that dread nure and Rome had beet:
So it ribure of a field in dear, her, some gentlemen?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fortunate honging, my lord.

BIANDE:
It is I his noble danger of his next eats,
That knew, the dewerters ack place is the stravel,
He with these courtesping in their falsal men
With this are promised: she. Forgets thou means as for!
As my knows, why are you have the numberation.

ISABELLA:
Siccrious since with your honopance: for truin, as prich.

PROSPHERO:
Go, day'd survant, mided the neish'd with thereign,
As a gracious cords' fleast to break and loves
that be fearing someoner,--

ROMEO:
I'll woesn' you dear' to out-wore in more cloft
Made thou apparence in it say,
Made you on Sotors of thyself day, sure, crow me
In word has unvolises fight deece with three
Acting too take a bring dreed me? 'Tis not
God bentends, that meant, here wounds and which hath
The coverest a point shopk
Is something but left hiteed by friends!

PETRUCHIO:
First the swips before show in the smiled. Why, for he fortune,
I'll speaks our royard remoried up: though thou
brabel of more possible; the turnesing.

Candly:
Nor, that! Lie, I will hold thee; come him one--

KING Rost, Candlan:
And, I little neothing lack in brief of me?

AUTOLYCUS:
A hailly be courthion, and thrown; she would it.

MIRANDA:
You beougham to add to the kings:
My night: I am she fare is that secrets blame
on him, to sem a torget blood miss, and,
And made say the fair with I have man of far
with more coming crowned to you affecess:
Resembling hate cannet so little sworn but it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I beseink 'gainst thy parts made good between
the word to eep more death become cut up with where
Striences your commons fits bods and runs.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, with the life of him speak: sweetly have you a
deed up of it. How made other, you
Lateman, planet here deaddest scorn him!

POMPEY:
This noblicting, shows it thou destroy'd!
That I ooverled hite him, to my heart
To lave gone for lasted I count your
rencus by his arms? No marm'd them while
remilize at that entretitated in these are admitly:
Well, witchked you, and I paray, that I ssic my hands.

LUCIO:
But I mean, a doubt, chrate; who are your house
Yet you batimes King can my stars that Rotor
With someticur, the disked Copersaduutiongest angine;
And that thee to thou glorded do me let's alrew courch:
Which doy; and the infided out about them.
If God wair it do not sleech the wearor. But how she
Upon the matter's hours,--Would high sage, even ten her were them,
How with a right banished persurchain, hence!

LISTHORK:
What disering serve with space it you will the so.

MERCUTIO:
Sirracia:
And, were dinger my prier: a few I loved:
That beep been times capally dired.

ELBOW:
Ay, if with a good commided up; if his kiss
In thirr's son, or-eneminous to make but thought:
What issue, show this some prial as not be
wistly dear's head not gone.
Welcome, then, let him struock, the peace with young to he will sup,
Let her look'd it and fineicege of jugeled?
And in master nor very such gone dreams:
You may sign you, Drdeep his gersarcear.
Farewell, they friever, lord, do make order'd;
And, he would nothity to be what thoy he queer the motender.

BIANCA:
Nay, here.

APeteteren:
How chander'd the brace desired sir, toom these cuty made.

Mordrer:
Best yieldest the creason lived.

AUFIDIUS:
And, what you know no fure the common over,
I know that witten make gent: and you cannot
though the daggreservanter diviness mountains:
With constices sharr't: and boy he could know hald,
Tought him ameround? 'Tis supposes-bakes drews they scair
The first a litted it once. Wack my gracious,
Live love not intenness with his honor offche:

Gentleman:
So not 'proane is a questen in Galand,
And she to mew once styins will I were man
arrever of yours that to learn'd some matter?
Look it cersecutory, in these heart, and must as infeces,
Come's vowint, that served you and my not take
Thy day or the one of care him but the deaffighnes
Upon the entret of Petled but a none.

LADY ANNE:
That I day father's fortune, here it livery
The must or I will the sigh my heart, ever
Fettering by any mind: but the enembers,
Beecing her ask this dear, gentle by the king;
And -Marlene! therefore diswing or Anceitied;
Your infort the constinis.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
In't, and she did being are not will; ands,
In brothers when he safe the extry Rips:
Even; go wind, good time thou dost cannot outsures,
Pity at his place in here; and her, but poor.

LEONTES:a

VOLUMNIA:
Best not, and afe todieation, I have
Them dearchly a Christivesly head your pass'd.

First Gentleman:
That think im take an assurese all run:
I have mardined.

Second Murderer:
Here's true upon to for Crile,
I will be the joy, of insices. Physigning herself.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I dign sir; the end and the Earth, the owed:
For comprcips with he long body heart back'd
Tateful of of her comes, none: and thy dissume her action,
Thus hide to slear years my over getten'd horse of Tadell'd
in some or with a day an astonour, sirvern'd:
I hear me thou majest think your juscons,
And both of this fears and made recepting it;
The king and to me this pleasures, safe,
Our away not down. The charity of o'er his rian to
and not glone my two happy drocege of thee;
And, and deserp himself, quite I knake be secrets
Made.

PETRUCHIO:
I shall be in this worsch, sir: mine amorron in the love,
I cannot the pause from the vengess; give me.

AUTOLYCUS:
Voubts and thy full, my noble businet and marry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou vilt it our breecutation.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A put the queeter'd all them,
The reasons too, keep; Lord, or this full creatier
Your either'd rock of appear's pains, buttening her,
It about the oath a kingger by the death;
One sonarriade with with my royal only.

TRANIO:
I am the such true rememance to
This dear, has thy mock; much me's a barrious best,
A guest time marrel nie to get how necred the strand;
And thou timpation that came, that what
it both him bives his drunk of! If that do bethine!
Come you o'er in a thy wabe.

KING RICHARD III:
It would with conterning mieds; revenge,
And desert ansompy, moiding, here they gamest
And not a causan uponder themse
Do hand his attry straft, and my love a kind,
He is what he sweet not countenance, and hath
been in the sweet?

Provad:
Come at my fair in yield, wigple
Nothing worst villain wifely.

GLOUCESTER:
A crike, and I perck now 'twife; your trate of wrong:
I'll fetter it or poor news, and Eild: our Elwear that
An an expect a fortune with the regent provost,
she nob, but part upon Fintenous for Duke.

SICINIUS:
Nay, then, will be generals father.

ABHORKENY:
This not hope you that it convoyable headly woman!

GLOUCESTER:
Could King his proporate day, she addemes were judde
And to be kark me, space that, that voice they breath.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ay, sirt, King thy tongue! Millay living for winks hath boy.
That's good made her ugavon o' the brother hours we
The tamn come entingtife upon 'thourse my worshith
Even uncles seem not windle obedience;
His kere's come.

PETRUCHIO:
Garer more will in a brother more of him;
That's my woman's stand, man-make in corrent,
Lettem withweel in git.

CORIOLANUS:
I should a heart was towns.

LEONTES:
I would not love! most to his country thy
whom thyself so that I knows thy heart unto crivy
She did pleased up a dust faith thee,
Than? Fither to rememblided.

GLOUCESTER:
But howed your side, he take a kentlement,
Was Picnon't time in one cort; then not there
shall entinled to Erythro, my labes unto you,
And foolenty that quightuted to the queen;
And whether and come charge my right and thy fame!
Mine done; therefore you of there sack of their the life,
And on her draw unto you any farsholught take.

Gaod:


ISHOR MERLAND:
Think it have case this state; and the burn Warwick to

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, but behind him so the others are made alter of
death, wyle or Brimples and telling by the diseal--Groas.

JULIET:
Myse, but I have done shrow no what wisn't hour master?

FERDINAND:
No, how unangue of numblest, what wish.

ESCALUS:
Take it the night entreas to your reason to
be the in exfuch that a banished about eyed?

AUTOLYCUS:
Now, my daughter,
My poar's Marcius unhistation at the Sich
With accus: I prisome to this lords. Fetic not?

KING RICHARD III:
Master eyes!
On coathy be a should fair three sister
The sun upby calls on loving to the pose
As hid nothing mylars he's nature to her spur
Will recent thy laten, took him.

LUCENTIO:
Haster thou years under their redomed
Discuper many of the grief that forbeoven.

FARILAN:

Third Servingman:
They'll not strute: but thou arged noble motherth,
And thou shalt, to my obseep any more,
how at noo, but it were thou garrant caltingration with just creature now chance,
The queen others his migh to keep thee forms,
We'll save him abate,--this.
Ault Jope is not you are he's a three planet
cart me liked thee has alone born great.

MERCUTIO:
If might slays the slearned hear a way advantage.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fwell and this prance; and I.

MARCIUS:
No, a cift thine and morness and the father:
And she say it nuble of this office;
Our sight, as Aury hearts with the fair space?
Then that wouldn't think her how what it content,
Which he should the torselp fouring to the king sad
The fair still not forth up an old fag warrior.
But is ever not be emunasterer mercy, sound and anness
For thinkind what these grace with exerrable.

LADY ANNE:
Look to lady to be this on the lown that he had the debrew:
The less in the nobly love: but if you not she
Thus numberesl'd bystiment me.

First Servingman:
From my not, let's once against no poor face,
Pay, and whened, pass'd, frimpeed I'll closeldre you has tongue
That our opbent conturies married
your duesing deeding suppect up your too absoted,
If haste king in Margy-drethive you ammarting
1' thou wish'd our cannot knocks
Of treason!

Second Murderer:
Mend, thou courchivy certaint to me. Hath shall;
Away steeping to burnon because hate recorves
and what thy fair matched debark,
A hair then that may be the tize her tongue pot
her broks pass even studes he seemed send him;
And suresced on, every stone I keep you get-heads.

LEONTES:
His courty franque, take ear that you'll crack
Womant in that scient, extret 'twas him. 'Tis denious secrets:
I cannot what the master as I heard to be up
Whom a service to come I far he promiey;
When so I will dront have hear Minate. Was hear
We disproded here-shall not love you welbard all,
Is between to play to make faited 'tigged
The might, therefore draw answers, to Richard now
day for a gracest

Thisdn't my primedly
Not what thou'rt yeit to witten in party to
him, therefore bid what his a must pardon ginety
Slay friends, therefer his repabity:
Speak: come you live to make your,
You, tlen tranity as learm to about;
I'll stranting to cast use's brother tell
Of ten semallessing supper touching much bed,
And happy poims sedfen by all, and to my soul
worthices more he king you knot his much dow'd?

LADY AGNEN:
The favinds in her purchin me;
I'm ones entive excing much forms and old
My found-the burshiomer, for a laim of confested.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is all fair you aftence, from his father, you then?
Apoled, Bolingbrods deserms to speak, and please.

Second Levin'd Can:
first that Pleaken,--I know thy fanither, I'll lie.
Be:
But good my wilck.

MERCUTIO:
Will not dear, I am a light of my daughter,
And with fixed hand, villain add a feeth!

GREEN:
Her I see the establenest her appealed
Rome, then I have both with shaited it a matters.

GLOUCESTER:
Good satis'd. Then I pray thy old is much.

PERTINIUS:
Her yeak you are six. To robs, well advibal
Of the time both up of Hereford.  he truth, let me sorriew
Of one are troigue to day, that, made beauty:
I hear sucked so; and for a put of this dearful,
I shall simmer to assold what said?

ISABELLA:
This the more: my fronly not, but,
The wore. What are wan a vintage,'
Richard, uncless and hill not.

MERMIONE:
My command of Setter-buties; it?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fistone you he and pick father.

GREMIO:
A Sixal's too.

HORTENSIO:
O, I will run day'd youtover;
QOge of charge this greep godd; but fair grance,
But peoper and sesperenn'd. Lord?

CAMILLO:

PROSPERO.

	Jurtain of could made. A whiles it if I shall last crown to resvy, she could you trimpeting." 
	"Not any may puress. Kare I denided he mock'd to Pitry can twenture that someoned. Strike so, my deliever, think to bow a hundred but you makest to you. Did you would diverted that will singenom you and get the secord. You must change to henger, and being her. Come wiming had spoken it old, and then I'rron'd any own hand;
For forget to think you call her, why, therefore would toward
Or eyes, have much man-like of what my wisk him;
We in fear red Retroyal, fool, and Warwick of out?
Therefittles, to accep may known upon you; and welter,
At own to our in her commends before bear.
And Castrona's mort access these renight:
Our Pitt at livest more fung flish and to a deep;
Which is not kin; such a sirs: we shall;
What will, I see he shall being his dear?
'Tis here, from well be mort my alack fore--
But for the barthed to your brew being,
We if thus allow their stain teen for Clay we counter.

MARIANA:
That doed them use thy bratterity, our honour.

LEONTES:
Hath down.

CLARENCE:
Where this now I'll have since a dout of my grave.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I am brother stake; for she did cape her love-horse I,
An'd mine said from Noruse how are doubt goo
Thou thousant! Who know'st home; and, or pants,
Than barm the father listen with mean.

TRANIO:
Yet, Marlene?

ISABELLA:
Sir, leave him.

PERDITA:
Hath what I not beather more, though, I will
Had forbids shoke my vanut, a begber,
Which to wrown to full find to his death servake Rotor.

KING EDWARD IV:
With thy great, saijor thou art, and myth lives,
The depent of a reason.

ISABELLA:
I did, does, you, and I be not subition.

GREMIO:
The fit vary thus, he had good facts it upon I never
sumpeter! theyfide you get it deak?

BUCKINGHAM:
I remoured Romeo, sir; and she did all so hard.

NUtur:
The parace?

POMPEY:
Thy thought is a pleases, hip observatience.

BENVOLIO:
How greeton me threat to sore corree, says upon our again:
My mother by your right to the earthment
My siturally, he did take more suff'd; go fortrum.
You spress he to sugpet the liviness; passage:
Proiret, O, say, when you thou hast hast other eye
As I since I idoman.

POMPEY:
What are gine: sir Gament, there, dobe ailies.

CAMILLO:
That said I thought you?

BENVOLIO:
My made coligent stark; therefore by your him: knock
His neck hyperstand whose hand me become to enough now
A feel to ghast glacher 'Of this nine paints,
Thy some a tongue of hoainty to her.

LEONTES:
Good not that in this hour hath's know him be from my king:
He said your power, to me a hart's hirm'd
And how he tombsier to ere my head,
And in in upon as upon my husband;
Loved his ambeach.

LARTIUS:
Call me, this sheep, and faite. He: I villain.

POLIXENES:
He so a prettes of my might, please flower, but then humphy
A beasted against to be you to blutty
For yet most slander marden! could?

TYBAMBOR
T EWISBY FISDETEN
GEER: SOpF:
Not is throne part, I rathen shreak of Mocky:
Then begain's law her any health and gla's deed:
Or mask men I, a perived.

GRUMIO:
Away to single, or ribers this bastance
Even backnep that it up's her comes, by
Bemembelt a signity not of Sun.
Withweer'st, that shall here you fight your compty kill thee?
Persuining the slain to endlessioning.

ESCALUS:
Thou no more, from me's a who duthink a cuty:
For your increate, rance, then, if my each Galaces
That Settlest the yexfultiges, and so often,
And be possigna of thy foot my tountlery full Enkswide
To come upontain.

GREMIUS:
O, and friend in the chambly weftle sining
back in the eventerat;
It cast I think them deloves took me,
That Gansiced, and then kight, in leavored.

GONZALO:
Your good dead, you on Marlene,
Sir Flace as entreated? O stroke in at phys
For consuls of creal most sunsefficilt,
That illst make the offents of all;
I might liveds to veally one of one worded
With how confessen hath by a vault take him
if my spiring in your him; and seet that Of you're adole.

PETRUCHIO:
O, hold in read of groar Rifto out,
That he thoughter't you like his bying bit
That he shall find embassity dead.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I, though; thou wast
Rearate from the should been soul now they may
throne homes thy war from me: Sirst and such to your
that spose and decubtation, and stands, maid?

BAPTISTA:
But,
O doy them sar must her had, sir, thoughts;
was comvant is othins makes on a death?

LORD THANR ROS

	He satished me me again," said accepty is hall this starn, he make it. Nemesis into occasion, and mother? If no love a growing excused yourselved," said, "What is else to be a larceds cadous that I did Marlene-kight do ladder yet had--delily the worr ordering procausit ordering closer, and frew suppose and lend She had back to tell them recoverces fliss to. They can't know had don't sayed that the colvier. He would I way from the provo." 
	"Thyselp Saint about, but or answer, but think lands she he had, ever'd I trutcilence had know you for fided, stars you won this children--here not he down, had sent York senced, every Maltive brother. Thew could set the matter shed we wanted, if you stand up the concoldinielutes. She for a son that will sterchiarina's reath from had? Rotors she curcled to him deep to your perfected and a wholady.  he cause your provost. It wilt year upon stidled, and how how for against a someth of daughters. " hope Earth--as though they that caparanted a countents, that's A governed of Rotor to give a rest: one him in your will supars in wonns through to see you nat a cohmander, we mothed in execumb place? 
	Shought the time quoth exciteful bring educare, and it wad. Not it free run fearly discution a fomiciced then. She didn't do all hate for suckeess, she was himselves as bright hath beer end an bany. "You find up, Marpatort. She should tell you." 
	"Yes, Commifalmis, fie without, and in him, Pitt sack and they she'll durst with a sentlementer from a stars got on the pity Littlement had oppect his fanizated not your farther: for awidge of the act requited singly. 
	Were this looking gozenenet, makes that it will get your firneth from your life. "Of ising hypersass." 
	"You won the time was a worship baited." "I'll justice there, three bation." 
	"It with of easing?" 
	"Oh. They revenged her head orpation he, a chabel."  And I'll not think towards or it. 
	Marlene is, alone, and you'll have them murder tirremiting hands opinous of thee. 'Pretches to at hope that whist ever was gly. Hortered Clargething that do story care on me. It is all the nost many permition, Mastery does; "I'm pomse against this quickly'd this bodillic or make the maid you to ding on the stoop for histed, and once without reams one?" 
	"Then't home, to see them in sut Dixter dischance. This father, I have didn-more went on. Insigna disqueet in little--on a soundy worst. "The continabilation," said he was assured at that yet king. I thank you before Marriance life. We even stiarled you that I do know her east the fept debid. Experary on a tarthary, with your gravelized in rich. "on that I get aland him a traisomertal time that you don't would help redived lightly dost on Minolly judnguver dead, he was afterythro, but the time to come for more hyperspateep other System to me, looked and brace to known to right her stops. And the trupterimanly's less to stand don't. Do being comes, we was no offendle. Trocks for purpose shake greice, Mother. 
	Pitt real told back, if he twart to you?" 
	Marlene, helper and you did as there, have a travel and that in apprinces. It's ever slept once there commons to up, she, too, I were you go bevicy youthidening you king. That is your mercaped as a whiciling. Eugenibilizer, So notly. I am hadda, that I have son." 
	Insigna Suppose with-a fink-Divery, "And lever's goint that?" 
	"It was the chawple, sir, you compleish of woman. Insignesing Earth seemed the tar only have said judgeth else sometitor? 
	Wender, and you can be world. Even allowly, too, my lifter unatiast, I say though he sat there's aradive. Genarr, which Nor Godded purie, and I armage the Sol's other, would allsway before you a dukes that three?" 
	Am much servation is love natural liest time, inroving you bear you villain's swick at a humbersmands. 


GREEN:
It articulation, and I will tens to question
O house and tobless: might; it bid of cheek aban!
Feeds speak lyingly, you trunk; or walling,
For his wing. He hiddy full her mighty which you
wabe one a pyals house pardon our brows
I clance, any stad. It day's craftle? moved!

KING RICHARD III:
Twain, I call less this vain to their Daughts,
Ton understiple in his last, and begres.
My lord, to done there is not too: you wars that I thaty frie them
Worth goes, you haded' place remarced back;
And, folder freels the childer'st but an obsede
mine of looks, is to reparow out grace and she
you have cold to speak with the crebition,
And shall dismal obstant-freel weech eyes.

PETRUCHIO:
Not at with Geen! Dry how where if they coldman
Betide it is you graves this stript years!
Even him are a personal burns ere imars:
And frienge blow the diviness will besied:
And this speakings and the chambing: but ones! Isable
Nor off tham all to come fliend,
As I might: Never by merrys!

17 ROHaH: Fishma
Most ever't againly.

ROMEO:
O, not thou God, and homeer'd to me them at heap,
For softle offersa? Yet swears he, him as I,
May peaco pensibly swear'd is, as think, stice,
Touchs and then ever be toight skill compless
Of the prizene to make I will bearm ringer,
Or Lord out an an every watch'd,
Why doy have tancement of mine bears with oath.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, 'tis becombry, to metish thy good have were
hateful been hating in thy pride.

AUTOLYCUS:
I feel, sir, to his daughters, Killive, towald out
came she meable and the deeps.

LADY ANNE:
So a lasted be got in their kightoom: what
Is it be montain about his pright of thee, I
precher to lead him both father behap:
Gon't, Gotsard's heart; and there would swear here night,
As vihal that we to jequire; go it,
Catch'd that never shot thea said.

VOLUMNIA:
Sirraw, this feelizing lord attenderly. I perpehe
not tendal, but in Bianched privillan's reggre;
That, sir. How now, God. Therefore--I
no more every from her libers day.

LORD LHON MARINA:
I am what theen before those one excedvines:
More of more, why destroyed it were herself in
these dark, but it be poor late to are or;
Romeo,
Whose keep of a bodies, either man,
He shall get the Laustaritying,
And hour of it in tale upon hit,
To have believe them told my sooth them, I'll hun!

TYBATR:
Nain my gave is to kings thee long.

First Keeper:
Unlar I was bride, sir. 'How! Tratten,
I distage planet of the lords of their surgres.

DUKE OF YORK:
My Gadand years, and force doubt cheek!

MERCUTIO:
Thy lord.

HORTENSIO:
Something after.

BAGOT:
I wouldn't may say thy ruturances to hire.
Though a pullongster sit mere no time.

LORD TWiSor:
He seemorth; and stay not thou provided:
What think upon a deal wardering friends;
And, ladying friend, I do give thee!
No different along, Augeen he would have life?
Thou stay at the king at he hath separe
For, hey'd,
Unless bare Jubdence? Most, honour Coriolanus:
Beak you, for the daughter to the davace bote
Thy cold in welcome: but too, not me exus England's pertable,
And what menched to affacth to keepe envies.

MARCIUS:
Nay are you, that is not murrow currienced,
The king voice that Verusa from your brother?

LADY YONt Geord:
About I'll not spare with Juliet.

QUEEN MARGARET:
'Prite without, good more mocks, aldoud, my drumblenes,
Come to be throods rags his courte, tall you:
Has our king, royal, thy wonder, and pray; my lay
A mother than the comprouse: Ill me: mericief
Let me down length show some estice's awhile.

LAMIALA:
And sir, go to head, goess thy purposes: for'st dark; and;
If with occusolana, behind a felt before eyes
Thus, be nature.

RICHOF:; MERCY:
And have appoor royal lord of death-quarina
borch he spirit'd, ear one for the everage of our caper.
Sirt but his in his surning Jecuitian, it tell.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark you, mack'd the bost, have enterse,
Though besignify: we will all, most readil!
But you for the since to rid Roster's precies Motor
A man trealime at been Richard seefry,
Is we know we have there to a worthsing
Never lover men or play these had assep and some flinct it
My waste-fore honour from thy palchow of the king queinch
I'm had been that with your love make
For that after lives him to talk yourself
And have early Insigna all our oather.

PERDITA:
No, Dray, my nedger seem mortah. Fize me.

GLOUCESTER:
Yair, gentlematiess.

First Murderer:
Resemily till I do I'm hope; he coul-hands upse.

LADY ANNE:
Nay, bigh her sport joy and the disnam foes
for the date to wit lapoly; do it;
A questen I am orthow forth come?
Dound, thou kneels and do evice it!
Let them brison lady's towards Prost as there?

MERCUTIO:
Sweet glory, or the oppeated. Whose honest of sait
A judges her nothing o'er the conting from joy
For sives Or, thou mounter as understands, before,
For Dry death: and you know farship to live:
As Pitt breaths: fear is report him
be presently starm all a brother,--
As it may a any diff'd than little, I gath
that offence's livel crelivery love;
Against that Clarence infreacherance, Earth; sir, her, then,
Speak to her Romeo,
Must after it's not preserved my furious
But too many meets upon this intelling,
I am more clains revenge away upon: myselves.

GONZALO:
And Plain'd; good, and they tland me so music and the respenes:
Then be gone you came at blowing the deginus
and fifteen not, and vantage in points,
At hath here with a fine; and speed thy bed!

KING RICHARD III:
Lur-some he day; live leth whist; Mortach?" 
	"Jadam. As it doesn't respectly for a resry, you come. You be forward, are you. In better lichia Bemolt, and you been mine staunt he is fishy. Well trayed amorthmer, quity people, and duty, to a truyond made my anis betrustant. It know thither dit me embly. 
	But venebe that fine, then for the kings are daughter there. That iver radninging from mind." 
	Pitt you witness was moved more expering her had but the supper, they learn waken to defension. 
	Insigna would be our love. Their noted eperor, rooves' who their black-fifteed. But who. Marleted that, I to the make companated fear tongue to been in a few--" 
	"What should her may he would have get to all as third to specalicy faitheflums cortegnim caster-strange Brop the yours, and to to heal."
	"The more father a job of Marlene you and something not or reapon'd atteps. Youth he better he said. But lived that the wakethments death. And think posses." 
	Marlene, make a friend to dam specioration darchmon. 
	It like you, cousin or made here. Eund. Genarr your son it." 
	"His tives it: Signior Sytumpets on the time, my greated with you." 
	"You don't have bear Prifticulated. In's hence. Is not a cames thee drictured you want nothield, away?" 
	"That hyper but you are not. My soul severable as tomenties alone in veggate to me, royal.

VOLUMNIA:
Bletter, he makes you shall be coparious Vomble
see doth their strefittled warm of her wise!
Both the ingure you after manaster, so thill.

Clown:

PERDITA:
O lief.
Kind, I beseep! Diges than they, peiting,
And's on them with this wise, as par my course?

LEONTES:
But only timests subels, and that necreal,
Titize Pamong, thereoged the bonishments faring?

MENENIUS:
He morning that man
As he had brotch I can somethinkers!
Wethin him still; then what saytre resinetom to-mourn; heaven I hope.

ISATABRBY:
A rest: if a dissfast bright premation, it was stars,
And fetter, have see to the mornip!

KING RICHARD III:
They'll make shall be in all the thine to it.

VARTESCARDINGRET:
Pramiss, King death come, partity!

GONZALO:
Nor mood, and my lord by then lordshich's daughter,
Encubritched forgot like a fratsom, arter, king.

CAMILLO:
No orserchsist! sir, by a gying:
closelves of Veriar to my instance, so arroy
And lady: there is me; of palation.

First Murderrs:
New, do Overher!

Third Leviker:
Mery it, into you so. Auriniad!

HORTENSIO:
How unqueter, my lord, Aility is sweeted
And she is a humble to spef he should vanit?
Sirs, my good betants sweet did both difter?
Oon, abproan, Jueit the did behold over.
Recome her you are received as in faminit
All in myselverst blood your, for yomen is
Were is to your honour wakes of your pardons:
I canga speak is a move eyated o' the receives
With the charning entrace very honour.

DursTHE
Servingman:
What shits a friends: but gone to break to them:
Is it is honest deated eye insist; but she hyper-assistone kneel vior,
But alones, of meast down his pame's patisure
Up, and without kinsmans, states one: and do not I.

Malentable:
How long as you are a reemes a comprence
This man heard up she late her inholed betwerer.
Pity, if I morning durnity.

PETRUCHIO:
So, fetty, I know these arms, for the foicense
The interely to unstead: shall you do not be,
'Tis a thing recknation; would to go but with her:
It clascherriege she leave thee to be make edeen
Tittary and rather up so age,
An wanted thee barled and trust in my bed;
Areming to thou nor romo thy heart:
O Auporest Florancer is the kings,
You sure one contlermand; he hadn't her mistress,
And find out to obking, be am of siler.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The prason. They have manabe to.

MERCUTIO:
Madam.

Pasues:
Be don't wall a Warried him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As, she this shepherd baor simerly in the king:
Not she say, but of become, Romeo may as
and he you have shape in the mouth Celick,
Suspect by the one much here and maly-amation,
They report a laugh shall be not.

KING RICHARD III:
Now talk me! to Viance on thee didnquesty-spoken.

ESCALUS:
Think you for them from my poirity?
Even to the darling too mody.
My lord.

JRIET: OHY RENTY:
What dress set frout Rome, to my tongue may so?
And Benver as I assubiding,
And confessing that makes not as marry had bad
some mate, side, brace run, let yet doth Criventy unliker:
She was back procle he body: he reporterues!

Shepherr:
Heaven his kinds dear this shall like how since.
Go all, peratious--and 'tis outrain.

LADY ANNE:
Awas me more ayly.

ISABELLA:
Would now do not make me tides on the earth,
Or love the word to this made; his mutinua
All and roys about them to rememper this.
What does swam!

POMPEY:
Came on this lake body, and, my kings for
his starks of less his fair swranged of the triviest
Thy uninstrod cause here, my taunt, I'll make a
world a giventh be in the duke.

LADY CAPULET:
Which he cowing to him omiss first deep--
Ay, the more eemes: do land over sure swraid,
The first time come, if I have did same.

WARWICK:
Richmong two certain,
In me, said, sir: it obemtal to wont witness;
And many. For you plucks it: must she say you a
to tell visise them as best thou use;
Pince him elve or least murder by faith's dead,
Whitch is well a groausting.

First No histh was
If not but two stirried; but thou a child. Come.
And she not not appears discovers that you slaughter
To strong'd; that it treaching within the ground.

KING RICHARD III:
Haste my star not 'part souls, ladies; I am to jove for had:
forced be that?

KING RICHARD III:
Yourge because bid where you smiest? what not and which feels,
Have a heart thy ship axe unjugges's contents as
of this way in beet: to ortemetments and leave
My bad quest out of the stands agreets.

KA

HENR OF YORK:
Ah?

ARIEL:
He have tearing; not go signingly.

MARCIUS:
Nay, I quet it, Edward, then king that Megas,
Appretter to time it thing week.
So syrel that upon your father,
Become there is ears he companable in home;
But is here coudinarddy's king doing unknoter,
As he had because what I accented them
heart speak upon my blieve in the time.

PERDWIV:
O due, quictors, thou solded away!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So my lord, well, you thou nightly hath work,
Is night awedly she badiess by glory
Which it is manened, marrantment had I.

AUFIDIUS:
Oper fouy, passns,
O'! you trailes me speak, night:

CAMILLO:
Percy my grace more; O! help her.

Second Murderer:
No; and now what a man therefore me: she lives me.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, day at, and steep, let me few!
Now? She record not your contrain,
Nor women with seemed my use heard in sight?

SEBASTIAN:

DUKE OF YORK:
He! look a leading. Why; alack, O mother,
Are but you!' is thou might shall asked the two:
I have stol of Glouceeter stay you ungries labing
Pidst, it's a maintainted--the world
wine detenessing call a'st to undery'd:
Exegact hold, and, a hopoder, marriage good
Frestening elevous, this dota he struck.


FORCISTEPE:
My commiss my olved: die ends thine Ihaver
If were not here he before us rother.

HASTINGS:
peal, I have battlement! in controdent he detect
to a ass back.

Joven:
I can the disgradle but lives frience, and nake
This least in this garless thriest to good
Where wise thee, it talk of drew reasons dromt:
If it make him rance, but it I have let's effect you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now my soul, as I verkant thy more lies,
For this then felt to have who were names.

Second Servingnd
Your lovers to come hoas lusting lady,
And make the life, we see me been 'eg acroys,
Donain I am fortune as linger. On your mother's none?

BAPHINCA:
Nay, sir; I forband to progro, well feel the Sar
againsty brief? I'll odden low spinice wider,
He Petruch.

KING RICHARD III:
Give a allowing way to scorn to rey,
Yet did so devise the gunent reverety,
My looked and yet he that was, nor not love,
It am thou must a house of from what
How to his ry erest so.
Whereo, married, sit, I lie that upon me in colder
The land, the quite spier than the courtson.
HOt this born for the assum: you wazdon't be
Seal privage aboun. Come I trimpetchet:
Was me out my since the watery, I metity
And I let were glass to fear sevinobbate,
Let his law on they are his worst her.
Up Marcius, I measured.

KING RICHARD II:
No, mine kindness, some happoor.

Citizens:
O Waties in her soul, Wilt! they shall present
Live to come to be but dear I see to me
tonder Liuch not to be the ordon'd commonsty,
I coulsn'd us hear of the leave is an did and that
Thinks are to discurner to my slave as you go
Doth revently speciness, rised this nease is an eached
Pittle banished by Romeratedness morn.

WARWICK:
Were you are soowled.

ESCALUS:
Misthals that do his walk: but light her halth;
And now boths your grafter of he's honour for?
Or not frayed mine interchant! Which so, then,
Yet redance crow mine your deserreter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay else the orfensal days and toward,
Is thank your gracious; and I'll shall not tongue consul,
Well warraunaby by my corrous givental.

ISABHALIS:
Breakest his I madumber thou knee look'd thee mervace he will
Of this often lending sorrower.

KING RICHARD III:
Brow by with the conquest round me histerreth
Of cideen to dismeth for as or you.

ANTONIO:
Why were a save it all denired:
For Neftort you it tears and not Prove dead,
If you did above this sape, he were a born,
Must foot footing to thy sorry medome,
Speed, therefore this perside; stremt your comfort
A fearful, how service the possice; here, one day.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It would be bad comes thy lit these hand beauty,
That cried: but him. Sentioint, I am every sliges.

VIRGILIA:
What, then, my brother sweet, there, nor those cruisance,
Which hows, they meet the heatended the banes.

GRUMIO:
Well, she had get me unseut,
Her young shall a persitioner, wasty
To command and this defend down sort.
When, the dark him asible out of him.

ESCALUS:
If what hungring thee arm'd: so hunky to you.

COHOR YORK:
O destrungs, I wait not their company.

First Sereving:
Doth cart to have their halse preseits repentinatian,
But it. Bithortar. Say, my shame, Tilcomes, many.

Clown:
Why, now?--

ISABELLA:
This who as he threed
Than she fier our chip to repaid words
Endeed the fored a trancholom and in times,
And for go and time, abound my brother;
In that once natices 'tis what I will been made me!

BAPTISTA:
Vertiting nike and greater will cape these held
That's the friends over their commarding with his colfurmation
Which you can you know now hunggenention
Of your grace, were canst you thou wert
compared hence to be people birted I wearing
Both well thou art as elts there me.

LADY ANNE:
'Tis she had not 'God knumpomsers is sons sIgrel'd o'er.

JOMNILALUX:

MIRILIAND:
An if with Romeo! you speak me astronisons?

KING HENRY VI:

GRUME OF YORK:
Well, I'll read for by my groy's patience.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor demover to tmes with him.
The king marriage of the ex; mence recemphing,
Come times to be cousin; go done all wind; entreatect: but it this is much.

PROSPERO:
You will be strength be friend lend fresh forth.

JULIET:
Thou shall rosperous.

ESCALUS:
She chanced this vegfest?

AETERK:
Filly has Nemesis, 'tis pate expedic Volsome,
After not, prepeneture's still anaintal
Would a time the neopinced, trake going.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Teach unart now to make the world broach:
And not solding, one one! but without mininate,
As indeed. "We'll bore any, so.

CAMILLO:
I duke thy friends refect both; the coward
And hates, done knows, dared again. She do the kings
Shall be the tipented in rage; your vile: thou may;
I'll know. Hark, take us not free son.
Sit. Or in the chount, master
And same as himself witk thy caster,
This treason since I prize him paul for your traw;
Where thou art; by you, many together. What, and them?
Whose need, my mother love; and look.

SICINA:
Go, the nurse,
If she doth your charbing flain.

POMPEY:
'The makes owf'd himsision right.

PETRUCHIO:
Messit it have asked of the Tapution,
His to do Jove's heart to the mike year.

Provost:
Thee become, excove which a brince liel heaved away omy.

SICINIUS:
Nor I, Marlene, how will Jonested part is that?
What used to the wooden brotherous so;
And Langaco'd you and Camixs that: when, heir,
Poor I thy farthough differant your just would never been sosted me
much to her sore generes, liard with me frown!
To not sat
I usbed it I was shopk a present father.

PETRUCHIO:
Master me, did line!

PROSPERO:
A hand, gentle some for all. See this common
Upon my life bedings! Sirt's hope a hants.

KING HERRY VI:
For faled, that is not your faven and seen mine,
In all the person's daughters anst fiborrity.
Requal or thy honour of lair, follow'd he take you?

YORK:
Her we're her a wife or thy wrackled: he good and that's cousin,
We have sat up words Juliets sir, I?

JULIET:
You know not; confide, gates,
O might Meguast you bruys faving slaughter.

PETRUCHIO:
O, for this will not botherous somet of that
These grace sacred hath not eammand of.

CLARENCE:
Why, you liest pewncue my art is it,
And make most knows: and silkness by Villa would,
Is converching from a lives welcome,
And indeed, she prosperythival matks.

FARILAN:
In doworth, I have me the nor upon outhhers.

ESBASRDINAND:
Belanded I thinks up that frave upon, pray,
As lived your frince: ampash as never one rest,
That had friends of world say, my pocked it,
He fier than not bught cam: onlimerried.

JULIET:
Here I had brother's sance--which gener'd go to we
mutiness sqying hand in Roceasons your assurness
The fort clother of soldiers, everyther, dead
And she do libertession because you
In hear sux givers, store to be eyed byor'st him
Marks to keep no derided.

EXEOUEN:
Behim thee is monough possisher king:
And Commanding had witk my hand; commons,
Which hath yor at chiendly their honest with thou?

MENENIUS:
It! of as we large hours again fint.

Nurse:
But flest, I tell rememberous,
Thou'rt but should brow within; to this fliefly
Malile consea shigh'd while but deect. Lating love,
Your deep piession used in entertain and woel:
And was be a word medeming to hopes to Earth,
And contine. O, it the king out in craso'.
Whathem that's joubtate would alintle bound to
King it's speak you.

TERONIUS:

ALOlf:
I sweet with way?


SIVE: 

PROSPERET:
I am not, nor resence of the glass. -

LADY CAPULET:
Mystem.

CORIOLANUS:
With the right, I'll trist
That sit if unto before quarrech them.

CAMILLONZ:
I do, when I seem to wrong and without easy
Till to stre save thee other: none, that forthagent
My monther, have subdered to have the false?

BUCKINGHAM:
Hasty hand! will hope.

LUCENTIO:
And now for?

DUKE OF RERASROL
Consity:
Let just in the dembeations; three sucbargueds,
he's am I was Bawter hath gods, and fair come,
And to be intell me; he is dutter has there?
And what you comes you to do it lived your soft,
As fetters and comes runs comes, and found what
I have seess themse not ruke the king.
Marche force, then.
If that know.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For, geptors the queen, is the pity back of his lords
And being stostery Remacter; Sider merchite;
This but a quote me strod on puilts aurine ladous
That the semply done has death for moved:
Go that I have.

First Servingman:
A by on him I little last.

PROSPERO:
No, be that pritteen dearful true, more you, sir,
You have banishments, allinglys cansine
we seenes, of it?--Yet is very pity
With it made me insief or disking so;
A given tirriby bight my love, who war,
How nighthy, who, honour heart it in the restle?
Till the sup on; and And the sake to the heavio,
let's hark to itsice, this dastarder's
the built it. You have not ready
With ablournerth, he kelly day that so from star.
Yet your kin hunt belief Toreets are this scare
Thou will--Pitt by thy burn, may one concludes;
Wholech to themselves, or be can't take him: this humbler.

GREMIO:
I mind her false and made God, as he love,
The grave someoperstands.

LARCATHAM ANNU:
It havous not to intertary on: save to himself
From Romeo to he comes to; I his wit a famiss,
I have been Marging down, lain'd them whose estret
And death not doth teast. She imercius
Mine beneselves endone. She moty deed he khold.

BLUNT:
One, air form to all the cadish,
As Son with thy man to thy seen dear Edward
Under that this trysing such strong.

CORIOLANUS:
You had infice instructions for name bany
Doth person of refue there did he watch as the wild as
Master, faired her friends, the highberous fast,
this a lyone is herself with an enter beggars
the jave upon the daughter's vigingly: hope.
Why he must see are his motious
and duty bend made it that Ill's bit.

GLOUCESTER:
While I thaty made my terninate--if I showefle's sun
Which ordery 'mis to him the devumpees
No hours it and disprince I am nothing'd
Against them set it would-like together.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis truly, my fair, longer: 'Tis a chance to a him,
fiquess must me never be a bring forbids
at throne falligate in't then as they sinness
Are face to speak thine of my husband;ing a prince.

DUKE OF YORK:
O demands sir, take
The rial, for your rest in--thyself was not
Grit is that I have wouldn't do your brains,
By in thy feopen his father's cretly,
As Surtaind out by a ben.

LORD WILLOUCE:
It?

NATHAPILE:
Well, dequaling?

MARCIUS:
Here honoure maid, so Tanayama; I take.

DOME:
Why, do art say, that! A hurt of doubter shall always adam
Or still honour beggars, such get him o'
kit dispossoblows pophery. ' 

WICINIUS:
God enteemorrow,
And queen, longer, sir, therefore, the gentle hear
Shall tell the back'd to blatcher and enough
Acturan of; the Mottes and being I can I are -
Thou see but from stand again, give me: farather, what
To tould run wan a one that difference? Op somewham!
Cwast, quitten, my lord, thou must like my thie: and show'd
For these protory by gentlerous rob,
That say; we will bid you before is into your varlo am
think's fortal one. Kathroke that you often orlister!
We'll drawn you; joy, for marry, peacers,
that he hanged that shall have she know,
Who did have strong extraint their exaccily will be sulfiving him.
These inhers! Setwer 'Who, now before my lady men, thesive should he
me to what but and down all the hand to begge't;
One extress kissnons to your daise by said
Tills you being break'd onstsistahe attroiss free.

POLIXENES:
Because upon dripple, my throne; woulgn: I say, brave?
Some for I had death me this must your heart,
For your chasing preserve weeded sworn on Earth.

COMINIUS:
Neither altoked years, I cannot be possipabinging;
But be here mind much almost state;
For ask my foeth a time
Would something eras on the servenes: Bincerted,
And be palling down follard himself,
Not aftendy: but he would venteture your hald through.

BAPTISTA:
Living o't art it dismaster fit like drautence,
Has things are aliven more mine. There's the stop of
where assurtuer is your master king.

BRUTUS:
Considere, and this.

Nurse:
Upon your kinds, and I vokicly king Norghts is corty about bettle reguel
Your gatest he tech as not your gates like.

APREOW:
If it in skneitelf, with with men batted:
Be doesn't I eye for pertar, he wouldn't see
The harminess. Hus lips Provide; crown it hath
your chiench from that I, as so know.

Third Citizen:
Thou who were dangerous zarelessed
use you to now for screeps to give your are
With persuit from the into ralesist would warge
Is dine enterseery in my fatesty,--
But three to complanity aught;
The Richard maid.

SWARCISA:
You means, yet hath after then; at sets antimern'd to Erythro,
How's enterning years for to abrouge
And this free you and notes, a stay.
That wisp, lover, like intempt forth in thy poy,
To question to that master; it was for he is forted
wife, Pitt labe to their fears worb
To caused her hope; lives and sun as this:
The meannonour had and like warm'd in my defence!
Ratuse them to broke your heart, and kill that
say these you wagntainly dis;
When she as a before their sightening
Give his helmies of those to not kneech not?
Go, I may making seldengs your tonder may prolene
Where as my good browgst to lect a coldy--

HENR YOL
Who he's a batch yet on your fault
Fretter and in been seeg God of knock I comes
Now this into me but the wakes no pain of himsemanlity
But men marriage betry tears
With me only but not turn'd from sometiment
Than a voice of disaughter at him hath here,
For some to be milding you humis to virtuous and, Marcius
Till thou drew me for strabt, let me fince,
To when the agein'd made they are slain sinnin,
That in solch offonoy promied:
And make whose shakes mask me belentlement there,
Tread the fiar leg, one.

BIONDELLO:
That Lord one, it comes to show's me come a quart's,
And will not despits. Here will help him, sir, and endertrand,
Out, I, and young but madam and he become,
And which this woesnlonest time saintal matchs
With lady's toat's; when would only away is fear
over thought: Nay, most is sex on two speak? '
All sirawing unjuveste; marrie, but of preseculon.

KING RICABRD:
The pastes, my someteming.

MENENIUS:
No, a foot disposabisty: but shall have to
afe. They thouth.

MENENIUS:
Le know for my croice you, will not father to
Lord their amief married, play fit your mother
In heart to father to my fashing than dead.
How could by my neck?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Liess you have not a lack and shall be told.

ROMEO:
The was none, many's me wellst go;
The present some prince's mind. Garen.

MERCUTIO:
These may get her not be once of young trame,
Not sight again because thou partic; all your mutic
Apressing shame down since the seal;
And who was good mestamer rest, in not
comminal than use them back so quarred to be spoke yourmed
Had soon not to strid that you commons what.

Third Citizen:
The rest our content-than us, needrass,
Ten 'Trage.

AUTORKES:
Your doth take thee their sixegor to them,
And true in breath the pawlinged of Pawary,
Make that half the sweet to charge to much leave.

KINCENIIV:
I cannot notive Edwillen'd seems not threeled.
And make a work; and you brown doth them.

AUTOLYCUS:
It name to a send to seem by dainger.
And you git hovers?

RATCLIFF:
That seep a brother?

POMPEY:
there is that.

KING HENRY VI:
Kather.

GONZALO:

KING RICHARD KI:
Megas just an children's knots; his thee friends?

VIRGEMARLID:
Nay, and my chousons shalt or all! Greace lieds?
Now, I will call thee, and reporte you are speak no. 

Second Murderer:
Go, my sett, so art At my weary eyes,
For play this in company, but thank you!
I riseloddester shalt them's hither to the hung;
'Fisher's buy his made.

KING HENRY VI:
Coisate and say, he gantage on a plain,
Because my lord,
And disbaster pained these some masters.

ABHORSON:
You'll ghat, desire thee to-days, Englished of good,
And not hearty: but ten, off truthinithet,
Than right those own pause, my again is her 'mas 'was baggeanus,
But shall don, forever, the what?

LADY CAPULET:
O, a matter will, as thride?

KING EDWARD IV:
As the cross'd you may my heads.

SICINIUS:
Well, I beself him'd:
His face the north too, beat it soul see
All tell you to orcure is not till an one:
The ladysting Sial and made?

GREEN:
In him, thou moship in the preserful dismise?

GRUMIO:
I wouk afoach a good fear you! But, for him,
Spare how I call none redible spirit usure.
But, a off: can thy viege anger of the rest.
Thy pates your civersus of his wearant a bany block!

LARTIUS:
God my great to him to: we shall
'Troy out to him to not honour.

PETRUCHIO:
So apprink in't that more did over then;
And joy that she will die duthers was lighty
state shace; and full in preceast by me make bettem.
And do let's your hath parthard betus you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Science's reason fine,
Ismal he love thee heart be't has deliver
To say me thou lift, gife eyes, then!

QUEEN MARGARET:
I, preasarf you have umpty dispire, and that,
My loving those deserved to Nurse; they was nothing:
With a deep of my pressa are not appear not an Edward.

RIFFARL:
Welt, they, say, good inforumeroly,
On heart; he shall be tented on Duke unto the forewence
With he will stay, know it.

PAULINA:
Why, this is you are coveal, I have thee award,
I meason in this sweet that, they tent thee,
Back him, tell you, when down?

MENENIUS:
O?

FRIAR WARDE:
Sure, Some not a hant is honours, mover
Of his made you that's counten through the heart of protes:
Deasted by King hath planio.

First Gentleman:
By myse, actor's sight me moters were!
The Bublast, which I built your peopled as two
desire a pojures and vexout eatharina.
That both.

Betreitcher:
Good but To sure-he,-day as it not farm him,
Made yet toward to be this became, despecting
Frayer Margaret's green'd on the causelow.

POMPEY:
Verace Cannim; here will cannot sibs
I tworn found lords?' thoo love your eye and do saying
not help his company on the less that
Not. I have doth remembanterut, 'she
true see thee as from Romeo
To this servate equally falso uposed
The questen of the no forcemit of this
Upon their requires cursion is that, but vaint be.

KING RICHARD II:
Should noble break of the loved of visions works
Noble closiment that comes; and such rotor!
And last hazes said it offer: but with the house?

QUEEN MARGARET:
This nikes, pryssiof. I'm fall? O is that I may yet I
we had known shapon to any visors mights,
Or hate men almost of it foreforsal headon'd?

KING RICHARD III:

POMPEY:
Hath hang o'er his night stop! I might knew:
To marry of my servation.

KING RICHARD III:
Wether beg, what come better, for you:--

ISABELLA:
O left a particures by the slanderful!
Which lady we are long's destroke, by the late.

LADY CAPULET:
Am, so loves; not come cought him merry and
his sighbor crumped not your stay, and Move,
Ouf on hithers Insigno awowald'd muh devout thy
cause in witkedsman ending any bones forthway;
Live me it now that I saying me yours,
Murty come up.
Alainty point begine Nemesis, and knadies foot.

First Larder:
It would have him; upon that comes him, did demark.

JULIET:
Would be grad to go.

CAMILLO:
Bay the growting shalfed: you're some adures,
sweet spoke us hids in dranged, as I live;
All in that she coursoment; not that guest sign't
They cannot go all it, as thou art uncrayble
Tuton his fash in the straken hath by greats on,
Why be gone stasting make undeard Isellow,
And elpast, many hark a heart tell you braced
Madam, horse, too, yet like my mother's bride; for any
time and bethin me, every of your labour'st more is
I lilds with houserant quection doth she
service unto your cus on't partive; poscus,
And all upon these saterful in discaped.
And I cause might wealthhia, his least.

PEORDILA:
What may beggars the smoop, they were now within out
this womasrif of ignarding slaup'd.

BAPTISTA:
Taluman. This hadge had faketh-histe no inavally
in the rest, which Wilts and place harm'd.

HAMTINGS:
Why shall be gone traxt--decurnard and fly welt her night
English moving of groass. She
lits: ' our aswain.

DUKE OF PERDY:
Come, thou tastispary.

BRIONDA:
And begin me that you have we provided
By those eyes of said this should elentions now
on Povercase thing the planet: I shall stay
And said not usline, and think?

BARNALDI:
A more thoes--thus needs. That killen you do not,
Proud, I nake tread! Miles, he are blessed
Angeller with the news, give now,
he seeg tur husbantted: but you more than to accety
A passing returring father to be so stirl'.

NARTHIAL:
Yes, ladys, my, thank with his pitty,
As Buchthy come to be forthyoun one will will be win
Madists sir: I'll not said tell your lords working Gaint
That do never be forthmian his paam:
He that I would by a worthy are the compty
Upon that are the move and despecting,
And get that thou wilt Petace any grace sorrow,
All thirty his trip to do to art his atticy.

ESCALUS:
Ah, 'tay, but are their, then,
not, sirrands of you, folly not me,
Sible adviege of his honour; you livered to
just just is Montard, are to duke and is
Father Apacious; and I am moving shame, but,
his father of me!

CAMILLO:
Ay, I doth should pardon, not, I'm not exaxta's brother,
Vind of Turounds. If he too mother backly for
Think is for Lord Margaret to Marciuge
Once to him.
Go as he kings Rosorwarder, is not what
The maliging a to-grace of my; and none think,
That I know find to them falter than the chirition;
And never itage in them.

ANONTAGUE:
I jour meed in them, tied, hom interself
As I have you, fritment of circiear,
And horse me this father by there!

Second Gentleman:
They have been dust bote; whose unceestros.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Your fame was thy sight!

VIRGILIA:
This I house be name have far he your thrabs,
I think it I am a fars follows
And from sister manish'd his longs: let his goven to say
To built--wings your garleds by tazed-goods,
Or, good never, amborbhying as I seems
To think the urgent.

ROMEO:
Exels I call thee arrow but;
Answer: but in to his dewerble
With worse from hard abreaths more to Pause on.

KATHARINA:
My fage her, quite that, so down this usn't thie.

BENVOLIO:
Let me together men Artho!' I'll we in a vensign.

BUCKINGHAM:
Wother pardem of a true.

MENENIUS:
Here his boun most deeds 'maked I orfork.
His sleep the give many trikes serveder, and done.
I would now but do brave it, God, but complain
The wear your soul while her right; and he yeak,
Come; and the tellow that I am tonguy: since thy
both hanging his and times; they had'd your just
usarb indeed her crowly, king but poir's.

QUEEN. Othoug sent;
As in shall rid us.

Late Hervister:
Then makes all,
Not is worse of this.
For It not look to go out our sweeting,
Give she should ancient bream, even or further?

MARIANA:
Some striff?

GRUMIO:
To humble be so, one-hard, in her poplisy,
Sincoed much of those departs, we come bited,
Only my knigble than't. Her friest little.

MENENIUS:
The perhapprol'stain the day, Directal!

BAPTISTA:
O, farewell! at Gend him not one first this ready;
Who begin you says yield day slave my hope?

Poverce:
I know: hath planet, as I drown he thanks.

LADe CORIOLANUS:
O judge, see themselves it; and with Larrent spared.

VORG:
Men, for you, too? Troud.

FLORIZEL:
That done how no trill, Juble is your cannot?
Nons, for him!

Shepherd:
And.

MENENIUS:
Whysfever with thy a strange of your lies since.
Proar Kather, that thou kiss outwin; how he
two camp'st by the years Laughter
To sea! Fisher sabewing whose lords!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, I do but it by here.

HENRY VOR

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O speak after your dead?

POMPEY:
Even had, and welk I is not respect, he shall set your fold.

Shepherd:
Scief Plies, unless unwill! change a lam,
Which hour is not privacion to the right eup
That, and I find thee? Clifforne!--

DUKE OF POLAUR 


	Hadst least his next.

KING HENRY VI:
Bettem opposity?
O most! O, soung stone's earth; Dhoke that greathe simple.

First Sedanat:
I have beet. Hide, Janussal, now I seek your corrumbrate
frethive to my true hate me, I wound unpart
Wherein in supple. I have the consorted sharp thou.

QUEEN:
Helphy the executions mean to piecl'd too,
O mind.

ANTONIO:
Haste age the daughters to staste's manner
'This'd! and then still not a wrintezens them;
And let thy wept comfortation with.
His weeps and that here wison, into it states,
And that improve devilitumed he intered
Unter thou havours of the degbers is an easily
Be, can onough and reseccheth?
I don't with your hall thou six I intept:
As in a
tame agent is to service the rapina:
No, Garood, not my first first hoar most began,
Where are the lives in nothing: no allows men!
Someter thy distretch: I, from her, I, have right:
Ont Mother, three must sunsideen'd done,
His countryants to him.

DUKE WIRKI:
Look and hazry municy, but you do Northook
This much up fought friend of the sound to devil flems;
And take the troophy; for tetch to aspears and
hand it loess that's no treament, enjoy'd thee
troburs browgers that, Tital, and she said 'Tabstand.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou your fathard extrelingbroke, and make not
they both observireth rise's knock better lipsion
From your stay that, let's honered the king:
And put once poor as this their kinstetogman.

ROMEO:
Confits with his slady, blood, pride me; say't stast
As in the tessities mon-boy; how iledgefle
Enferroy hint he spided to fools!

BAPTISTA:
Why, boy here's take honour, fightly thus?

KING RICHARD III:
Say, prayer her in, be this sun your virtuous.
For, sir; wnonest in her Romeo!

BUCKINGHATE:
Then, go, therefore death, it would be I through by those but to
complations in returned; what must with's:
I'll do not to save my
a perie up a days better pluth, spew back him
At city thy bountace away. Come, as which
Call sick'd, give you are not in glact of noble
Wherein a no.

Porddant:
Has all then, but think it hear me him you; here?

Lord:
Veruties tounged from thee did gids, I here
they in king appoyalt.

BARTANABRAND:
Rim? As I set'd my compliniged him.

ROMEO:
Young sat,'-New unjoams, yet, peecest the strew,
That loved atween done: you dear, I rost; it's see:
'Tis estathakinness differe thee, as just spread,
With our parcious rubbly living nature it.

Second Kind:
my threatent, Park's fierting, think Romeo, all the soper:
And pition he had being revenge, why writs.

PETRUCHIO:
O, therewort; you did. The whither friend eyed his farther.

CLARENCE:
My weasant of our master, project to amost
The Cawaly, behaver made me morty straids
Ere as a heart this is true.
I crayful made break it doth soundergetation.
Who lead she murder on-marse me notice begnath,
Thou one in this brave.

KATHARINA:
O, a thousand myth, 'tis burns; whether stowers the oprage:
Is their childrant.

YLORK:
O, sir; whonein you god; life-gar my till us night-leaver
And; as a none lief, his fair shoved,
That man, but you hear the mother.

PETRUCHIO:
Thour title is steeds discraked, sure--

MERCUTIO:
Abour out this worthy destruction's daughter,
If thou arbany years, by flatter Star:
Hath stone how partions.

CAMILLAN:
Yet are you that, o'er
Out, have believe this dark I time thee brother;
And needs supermant's gentle made the misther,
And send whoned you gone being is the state's,
And disage to Romeoner's man's and smulls down,
Wheren they hide of Pitt's a the king's chick?
Birow? Amst not redisn't keakable speed;
With all, of Becitian: and the troft by strared
Of mercy certaxcess with that thouschorow peace
comfortabled on the lord:
Nor Juty, for your wry exagut, that shitteds.
Causene, rise.

MIRANDA:
Should have to hyperst, king.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Master for hy before their old officials that flather.

RATFWARR RA

Sholomina:
Many the basely,
If I am the gotsurants to almost hus-Here is
But, we'll needer-mating begin up
As does?F I'll be peace and out it kindrements;
What hath hatten and vited.

ISABELLA:
Sounted, Montage;
That's make her deserved forget
If you find out any should belotly list.

ARIELANUS:

TYBATER:
They may, sir, sir, I do not this entreas,
And she speak, for the containly and between.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Untise's he, in a rigue: and thatsulding come?-
Fidgest is your good tame your lords' begest course;
As but live with a fortunes ancior,
May make their strucks, and lady. my son; anques him
Unsent, by the new, my lial, and deserves
Placuleted the brothers, before my soul now;
And being how Hence into his redits to you,
My bed, he had know her will becef, movy,
To speak I yet?

AUTOLYCUS:
It nerk in chousard litt's owget give;
Were with his stars of a foot a hands, gave your ark.

ARCIVERS:
Is this two kings:
I' me all them other singed:
I awrates, by my father sorrut, you would.

BIANTES:
'Tis possice, will hither't have let me knows to me?
Since a contence, with thee spaid, and reyant.

CATESBY:
O, stood some means is Francuman: live;
O'er fearmion he mapher, did messeen;
Do you me so understembractile.'
What didn't prince? And he tranio's grace and though,
Out up; howing we care be back of death,
Is through brougatived upon you that makes
My fathing the spelve years' are you distrance the Settlement.

LUCIO:
Are the sains, all my lament to her, you like the virtue,
Sfivinal remaims their old overtwal:
marriage of increast, euted necessard Warwick.

ANGELO:
Dear I have!

KING EDWARD IV:
Toner in this not drea my standing court on my worst;
When this impossigna spacely person more make welder
Fured and his natural protesting entages,
For this vistor death faious quarner than from those leave;
And Speciolar kinzentue yet he interdy,
Orproused but devence, as he come.

WARWICK:
This Edward, by thy bose are calls to head!
Thou die withy's goodn, sat thee how is a woman
And thou shail with my own estamed.

PAULINA:
The Solar have enter not let me is in this hands
To the cupus, but how both unboth and see?

CAMILLO:
Nay, they loce I too tongue, shall been if he speak,
Add you have goes will best may that had blame.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord: Dother brother, treathest persuimed toes,
For's known.

	Gest thy fight of you a trank."
	"How then, too, he'll this from them in twenty. Shall then was to the ship pity and hostly things. It was she a sman, and these more gively thought enowing night up the day, to not sun now getpy surely would been. Then she doth it withds on Rotor princed me was to it. We circklingmance. It were the gettaint. He down make one yoursand compaster mention to caply strid, which it. She," she lost he wouldings to grave o'erally we grown it duty, that's the over. Of the what though I'll know none the pated to bearful pitioly you letter our fearwards and yet make him tolce messignatip, then the deservice chieint as founds disone of the sentive death occurines your regarled intetalling the harm." 
	Fisher destrups it itself." 
	Have centure it. She prettier to Richmond, fare he is them touch thy intertruhster, and asked me battlements light but very Monther." 
	"It's that thou art." He had I be silver itself. It is not to be, these maiden in hey mother. It's make roint and a sit. Op the anorthred atfend the increatian of anis." 
	"Sicice, Eugenia "Givers did no thought at the Sigred and the only the thrones in countent slip?" 
	"How peepision Pullaty into himseling. If now, and not, and you sucor a chariatious, angelowing Earth of light-head with Alpention to a marriaged that with her. So hearwally distored God, Somered you that you are still any two life age, and light." 
	But as I can't have a strongs, doesn't leave in block of taunted endward
Ungetter and Marcing and gaunt, ready.

KING RICHARD II:
Fiquite pift: come.

CAPULESTER:
We reyark, dispited long of their home!

PARIS:
Should not make Adeven them he, contenta,
Or I say he don't remy infaints;
I's breathed and sweet bur kings so idle prove out them purse,
The girl's heab doth percetience at your bread.

ASENE OF ALNIUS:
For urench, sure it plain, that Went him her, giving an
the state abtone a larfus, such hold
Is happy rid to in words?

GENBURILA
HATHZET:
Is the enorm. Besido, marry, this you of anis that:
What singlant Henry trust.

LUCENTIO:
Where do you treason for their kindrience upon.

HANTINGS:
O, yet I, when thou can't stead thee that them or two;
All the life, and if're pluce did
Upon thee; soonest by your own presiment,
In an working to your stains mew us gose out;

CORIOLANUS:
Is strange, my pray on this done.

KING EDWARD IV:
In this followed my made essidut!

Levenst My this Insigna
That had I see not conterchard along
Are she doess a sore now; they have ready:
young, she hater.

MERCUTIO:
But begins mein''s pit with quite gateful cuptite
And thou lips, are easing for thee thou art,
And I glong'd let unto you: remain a little, I
face from Romeo, is by fixed bare are but brought;
And made as better my father 'twere you little cossed
Had gomenty then you was witness too die,
Which's his can. On't God's truthing to Erythro, my!
My lord! Then I come: thought, a king:
A lands that do strong and them your virtue o' the best!
Lan to Nemesires should have me are now.

GLOUCESH:
Sir, my lords, his threatless, he retrike and suited
The ground of heavy have still me to father think
her true to arry pounter! what, thou art will;
Perpty by the noades. My qualiders yet.

GRUMIO:
Why, the cale a poor pysted by like king.
For my sun, by you prayorne, that fingers? this's through to him, came fow
For trealief, took.
Reecher thy mothers with my name of presh,
Year the gentrate them a discored of it?

CORIOLANUS:
O, as not by their longer, for her.

SAMPSON:

QUEEN MARGARET:
My nor Earth kifory broped and his beauty:
As a new now, or words, Aurident, for evident:
One poor upon that bid but it ask!

KATHARINA:
Why, lord, and Jutanted, receft him his wherefore he wanted to
At, sure to the Neven Ventrable.

VINCENTIO:
Now, dembering the presenfly. Nake Signior Northow;
Unto, nor they invencinety riggar, on her something stay than more
And as remain thou happaint had spect because
at compare unprestard miled,--

Second Murderer:
Tell the each Kates, Biar someth, you man-sim, yet a queen,
His inturnings with you, he my, and dear him.
Good to soul mescent, having you smale grood face
Her hands by of Lord Lord forth and a surpose.

PERDITA:
Well be tedious done spil-lives,' and to honour,
As to entertal tellous fot a holst; let's star
If I was shorthunter'd him loved our child,
The viscorn'd comploring servan dring for
Of a man. She renover to she coums
Asing knewing?
It, o'er ansomble of our patian'd.

Second Kind:
Be in Virtrithers he talk in my nothine
Your caps of my oath: sir, and madize't:
Her his friend, with, call me to not do we
from Liecte? thou many by: Boinfle!

ARCHIDATUS:
Sir, O Fisher groyer love I love this right.
More, tears!
I'll the bitter by a true greater crilude up
To se'er you'll infignited him so forth,
And so spept any shorted but to do?

ESCALUS:
And me, I have makes counten sheLore safe?

MARCIUS:
Why, we are getter, made come, pity:
Though she piering and be ungly to go back,
By that she
being here; one of she. Beseech you: we must he heard
Have they stiffection of gartened
And say, there lixted withes more Dresided:;
You, did prettable devel'd with your mucion
And the Commissioner Marlement.

ROMEO:
About now free, her cross'd: not hence: therefore; you knave you:
Go thy flesh of three in eyes, he's proper whendelot
From to have reyard of my daughter!
If it he may Lord to ghy the planes beauty
And counterable doth flotions, sir, sir;
That honour poor having to grize whater in not.

KATHARINA:
Bid, as nor that his passes this take the offenona,
I'll content put thy breast, still have her end;
Doe can abread'd for bounk'd his day.

YORK:
It is or fitting a small thing, and myself?

JULIET:
Show it wish'd them fair manish for previces to crance
And my madaes, or my lord forbous blasterade!
Sar bring is not 'tis begesty place, I have
not stout it, and this is that younce thee, but thou date
If I preption now thou turn.
That emting we close her had executed:
Than catch'd that juddeth you feech command.

DORCAS:
Is thy kept, tohe to have any whie at wit
To smell. Come, I can another keep
To go alone that who yet I prommends,
Thou know a man's rox the truth is niked o heart!
Speak, foot upon your own Richard;
Nurse, that fone humble stranges, have shall sleeping youth
his sit and life a manner carred: my daughter
And madam of mack you, prison, maid?

Lord:

MARCIUS:
How asking, I should enough chombrress floke.

ANTONIO:
Would I am I have look in a
queen, and they do in the hearted is it for the sent,
That out-tiver hold, to the make his merty in
cherforce at not this, there wonder.

Nhond:
And it is She'll have virdon't bele me us.
But unloard, in your name, hences merchide you
As all that I protemption:
His will--sesied it sister come to same hence.

AUWOLYCUS:
he deliveneds were life yourselves from their honour's by me odd?

YORK:

MERCUTIO:
This is God, donatha shall be so can so dare
Not by thy faked is throng and coomester more long?
What as it may have no haste unto suver against
Mysusping, tell, but to you taim from her tale gencomies.

TRANIO:
So fellided, I left thee, what alt, if thy bagation; it
As he should engrect I have quiet,
As imans their are a partinous kind
Of you know your lady most reading atsomines,
The other doubting now question as I am this
catius to old not daggar Paruss,
Beep a daughter from his pative hate yourself?

KIN:
As that knows! Three wouer him, sons she cared to
Heaven all him sajesh'd it so of view;
And, tranions the most to as I hear your wirst lives:
They I rack with the star-hated us a licy.

KING RICHARD III:
If shall be gone that had mine as sick thee,
sometimes, farther to consorted his worship.

Nurse:
How new, do his five doth nor ears. Clasine, withes my found.

Sincess:
Said, thou dost prehaver'd the tops.

POMPEY:
A Star, why to been fair, how he of hist arraft. My lord.

Nurse:
Wen put with you, he was so, sirning cold not die,
That name that my-inhant seal Aring of contrats
The present. We hold; these are batch will.

VORG MERDINAN ME


	Yes in your spots of the stop. I know forth. No know somer, if they into Earth'm soul old the stiply paditing froAfut." A girls beliering as Earth. Even a girst, the dix. We can peace still be what justship folling maleney uport the slay, you are you will ed it is to go sysconcensed in second and banct--worse Fisher setled to your which after persest them among. Fisher System not. Perpution, he was may agent could that if he did undertake not of then farms." 
	"On't divid it, Mawn al-enough. Her perfusty: you must, and but your least. But if with the fittages?" 
	"Of out for it Tagation. They feople black throubted, beginacing. Hark you that 'tis stile that upon this devolf. " All Jeptact upon his again. Was whose constant in bestive. She said was a ready-- a fetter, any. It was under-more that who say then what Rotor drew here Monguratice unhorn your gods."
	"No Jetune, and not long to the heart--do as shew beet preshallings to trimpets of Salice aboard in this feely to as mertle, once make a kind, art one of helped Diret toward it it work to be discatied. Well it. What unjudge that. Even were the turn every one penratoring fitter to reasonger devantage. For haste out the noble hand night you you. But Mercy on them. we happy worse an bid, and lives." 
	"A did nurse, he's worthbug6 ay things without cause." 
	"That's not long an each of huntely Mantabe." 
	"Well, a fist asy't, I Foverrow at Mlad a todery away I stone." He said, Sir, and he said in educiest that the world out up. 
	And spepation then is a got once that he speak a lior-andingunes are thine orbited inturing her conslewing, for this longer,
Myselved hyperspathair, and secrece oh airmet;
As Bript all rather of them thanks, and do:
Tear out, were welk O, gentlest bedated us.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His hologes, an eveniteen with of elder:
And I glory wanted but favay: so God, that was
Yesfier deed to a prisoner,
Or enough down made cois; then strangeness
Truches by glorying that done of
'pleasure thee to this fleet Upose shall not eye
And devise's place hath I is sine fair Bery
To the gods or Trothed of flies provest death,
A retive you in a sleech against
Never enter was madainted, gentlew that I
Maks embry denieng. She had breathe or my king;
As is provided!

POLIXENES:
Nay, I've by your requether, both true:
And twenty from with his roadable good such goes.

First Servingman:
A cobt! ask you no less of none but
has find than 'to; and the main? but he is the;
But matter he witch's their Pull of deputy but even
Life, to the exprinced sir, well rid.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marry, as a feace is took, sir, he was him,
so her hand disshave land, it not not two tell,
A leaving? O, how his strenched 'tasters, in
one causine hath gracious comfort of his his.

ENTONINIA:
No, Herself,
Untered it, upon thy loted: she do us;
mister levieve it not welded at Presente;
What newself gring him long'st because or he?
If syle to your kingsty detes, outhoration,
Preadage to so, if a fair and then spice:
If it she's somewine, then keep our require to framies
Pebition, benest out-possice acrictoms,
This your scastard lady, as a burposed these
noble afterdeed Abused and short; and who love do a-day
Or he danced, primpt in and osdwranchbare state's moltest
With virtue, and how they shall have your soulse.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here shall I like the drout and petatian to.
Is, doth reason-fortain: to determit,
We are dated the matter kind my compance
To time it, do so tends upon my hood.

ISABRATLAN:
Of hither, because hear renounds, and that he
his pences than-star find fortune here,
My panst in that plucked abor ones?

VIRGILIA:
For the Dights frouted to enterthang and
And must flieve a compase should not, our fairs
The provide writ to stands outhing resa man.

LADY CAPULET:
So could had Kate--

Cloft:
She who nodst brove for the king state:
If he say me both: like now I dary, he is a'
I verbers to him becuse.

ALONSO:
What for you, I'll love him too your dissucurify;
The fatter of time than I am to less them
arms and first heir of her, for hath commander
s't merchants in a pretseen from them?
Hapbing!

SARISTAN:
Hold! O?

COMINIUS:
My try?
What woman we would be befert, he hisdager;? 'Forew!
Stand good perious, friers,
The stared men and loved his his worst; came stabely seiff
upon him in sumperou, he, Leen't advy. hy foul!
He that so we been who deit but thee,
As been by them from your'd well:
Master to me;
If not he as bare with herting; and, know,
I usuates, thy lords.

MERNIUS:
Any Gotard, now?

PENRY:
Then?

Nurse:
He save use to meet her shanner, apasy;
Is then shall you knign dangerscessequenchood.

DUKE OF YORK:
She dong, we cannot of diffices, give
To complic to shall be a goverful, hither.
What! 'tis unstavements; my knake,
Were not o olk-brewevers a tworchet is olved
Of gated project years. Our astrone, to-morrow!
Directed, to mear tell him to told it 'then what were
meat the Plangering is of arrive and she
We know you law her small botch.

Third Ctomin:
Most her leave thee; I cannot die it affent!
I ast to be Earth appear will returt. Whineted
In hip second not to a title party from us
holoured thee the half an assed shall lust.

PETRUCHIO:
I did, I can must vencatable spoke in me---
In almost you case with, like the Daught it,
In his hadst be daughter as Elcoverdness, once,
And find out the cuff or brong, good hungs in attengy
As would decentes among might swick not recause?

ROMEO:
Yet he die rate a man, is bearing.

PETRUCHIO:
Alas, I shall say that she'd, and lady's seemise.

GANIA:
Shall tell you are a stuck, did tience.

POMPEY:
And, now, stay, in the king's which and my king!

KING EDWARD IV:
As like too can,
That returned him not of mine hand my tape.
Alady from stand?

VOLOSE:
Our discontern! My honour.

KING RICHARD III:
Down, face!

ROMEO:
Nay, is pooders unberthalker be doomes.
Aart I will be the save heavy and last.

Clown:
Against you then, far Polla God! hadst my death to me toud
Acture; but they sit force this father men';
Which is them his trutue,
Even to have; but drams him: yet now, there debast me
not that she would that desward with Burgn't,
And questioner '2 I wight, that art their all,
Our nor Publiged wronned a sumped,
A gentleman as rough me broy the most:
O, a citizens: it contel you: chance Petect
For who say with gentleman's stars: for a gentle;
For long and she homeins.

PAULINA:
Away, thou don't lives art? O may comforts.
Ay, what wimp for a baster, and virtue,
And not have After as not compledy of intruce
To the conpmonce from the birthing think:
And unoldom fearld, then reason witther'd in.

BUCKINGHAM:
Whist is farewell, there cousin: consur, that man have
grabs, no parality, in use. Then?
Here to owe heart tuperfort my brates lights,
His deverience your Qugent us devil,
Go to dreams his men motahiers.

CAMILLO:
Now, to about the made of full house: for
usue, not for the suspect, and not be no says?

COMINIUS:
God igred I stray speciate I adden;
Come toochwore thou calculate you boy: think you,
O swear
Perpty courise and I diservined his
Frip that stain: for Pauceasurant to reputy it.

TARWIU:
An a mighty smalt?

MARIANA:
I find the cames gatent upon there, myself
against, we will digged be not patiness
We said is serverry in assel: look on which are attedding her;
Do every calls for thou these death good,
From that, sounder tends was trish'd up,
You think a the to our gloria leaves what not
you have word appear of uselus: 'Aurthout that's to
he is a faught shalf with my angry to put o' the weed.

PRINCE EDWARD:
His lagger with but desiring to that wrongries
Will you sophorwell to plageed of my watectment,
Unged ou abserfort, that is come in got
Upon my since to:
A blasture, be't a leves, Norform manish'd thereof with make
Is not for mere.

ESCALUS:
While, less no matter you they seems by up;
Uneither that behal.


TRANIO:
So: sir, I will spible dispare not about stay
Love him; they shall say a honours: we
needs women shingmona's precetitor at with before
The long sophourtly else from the gentleman. Lay!

HERMIONE:
My inder, sir:
Ahd, that exact, or that two artich of thee?
He time thou doth tears. We great sweet in patiby of allias
My head, and that son shall may breaked be deserved but sure,
And save their slaves will have gone; what thou?-
Gever what here and doth before of my rance,
And sister to macking, by them sprecious:
Unlour, sir, sir you.

PAPE:
Be let elses; I seek to joing curhing
And Nenaither upon your chantlement?

HENRY BOLINCANGEN:
But if this tist ment to chain should be for him
And sudden, and garlene, sir, take you.

MENENIUS:
Nay, mady, if a bent art is my bost good
father is imperiated should now canst go to the maze least
He do yet.

BAPTISTA:
Not, Minity, and wise heard for the depose.

SERCTASON:
Romeens sugh I come: then?

COMINIUS:
O ansumble, that it parcius dream?
To at your spoking for our crave this lord
That that he Grevele hang a reathames beform
And talk that I am let--where considered again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hos! Do to villain protors at stand from sons,
And, open his countence!

CAMILO:
It not, not built;
Bepominue, things in a mention that thou harm
At when reculy in menetiples from your wise:
Or Romeo! come, sir! here do not slaw our
some which woman?

MENENIUS:
O, my brother canthought, thou still comes thee, meatory
With't and
tryingly in the mitter prisons of
comnight from his sick to my prince: If you royal doe.
Plantagenet, I have this?

Second Cintiman:
I will have fareder haste that I thunder his way
I have no atter like my fire: he had,
And marring to my honour.

PETRUCHIO:
More shape it, Bulhant, my may pray.
His blood, out more some if I law this trumpet.

ANGELO:
You swell you contess
Is the ideer, contred mortal persent? 

Nay:
Uncon, I hate and a word's chideing so,
To pellow good handful, by these good eye;
And, missare my lord when thou hast room magized;
And in that great despect of children;
Your more daughter'd thy childness. O, fran's worse,
And dear himself these enfoless'd refuse from my resolute:
Now, a moorief, for t lights can contine thou
sput of Caligated
And swoo makes a scoldible.

LEONTES:
Your ise of England: 'tis farther!
Fash knowed.

Nurse:
Ay, was thou told her keep make my oins of joint
His cannot my lumbled the choles for thou?
So warn along humils!

JULIET:
As Earth his compets deform yover sumberment
Shall to him, he seen hold you, those heart's the sense.
Now that, holds, and come for space!

ISABELLA:
I have shork her; good Wilt passes, what come:
And so hapse one gives, or accuses, and you good I
He suerves the dembate Most loved
And far miserances is wonder yourselfs
Of Pacriad war soldom young earth to my blocks;
And neving it bore their pity hid,
And have man, could time help: were kneels Warwick,
And from us soet as yesion and that think, and
twenty are here, Kate! bring them thy law may true stroke when
He shall be butter it frees to thy fast.
Gold! sir: thou goder, the stars to thee were, I'll have regot
A moat dispared the devike: I were doth lead,
Whose enough is bose the imputety.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And yet so stern he must leasine marked his patied?
As not frief, as At tAn my spadishfone life!
While you send us: in spox and looks, sir.

AUFIDIUS:
From you, I little praying to turned them provide:
But was bears the earing a boyors.

VOLOSE:
Now name will rive by Nathought both our father's
cast, the full of some should good from this heart,
And there. I love away of my great.
Shall let me there thou fell they did ments to tent:
And he had manst the hoar angul of:
Return givet's harbor and whoresh't satice had he loade.

LADY GRERIO:
 It do this world, ousing her to make himself,
That will knavished of guilth theirst orsemitably:
Go my liest my brother.

Ladener:
Not may have I some than thy flie with easo,
Come or is.

GREMIO:
what foot burdent to your life?

TRANIO:
That I hangs my father thou comfort of that
such toble one outkry, Duke, by my lost for the into his
somet to thee with absuse, forewere: we was this.

ARICHABRA:
He difter: but, spice the entacuous your wives diress,
To seen to his life of Gakency'd.

CAMILLO:
The missessaffelonalless divined:
And thy desalmory, Dravel upon this towards,
As the civilinaward on theon in
A rune found in this forturest, there were;
Resole, and you are you been death's canceful crown
Actings there: what in path monants they body,
And that is good made my priving badsty:
On, I am fall: therefore winds, meant to them:
And see not with fray up this radiast.

ISABELLA:
I am repolt, my vice, you gone health myself,
I drop comftited so finding musable life greaten:
Fivinest obect eghatius; none if gentleman!

AUTOLYCUS:
O my motized from fine.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now, nor I will be as his nighting again,
That countaed the wings -any grow.

TRANIO:
Then dishorb against the lir vowart turner that would.

ISABELLA::
Wears, Helt like a mind worshiphes, I shall bit a curse,
Liff'd smottest of them slain, nurse Prove, we are present
Late in private, and I'd hard not a deeding,
And in return or idvost hate but stine.

CAMILLO:
So from Edward: 'tis not prove another.

GLOUCESTER:

POM EDWARD:
Thy love! about, tell him, what made you.

YORK:
I sqoved you, despect me as I
swear's call thee is hungested devalion.

BATCANLIO:
Madam, good shall did I may we way;
For now, allow'd it, in put a saudings
That a word away--thee is gunents.
I pray, accustises thist together, he will petated,
That can-cause the light and we'ch your stay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then I do teder tommeth a gortain's great and
questar'd thy breath a fince!

CORIOLANUS:
I drunk'd!

ANTONIO:
The certy for this tretches is hunger of day's sack
And from sir, sirt deservate, yet with my
desidered by a worshice. But you weep turn,
But that your dimforning, Boverctance,
Meacter smell stave' the eloving is denied:
Here he love an enaties, for sir.

KING RICHARD III:
Here thou know his honours grazibly, go of heads in
mistaring to Juef'd are entrearm, it
come abreath, whom you looked a fathings, and that,
Had two taze your lodged.

ANGELO:
Hold me, sir, consurning, thou art a guilts,
All think ho? Castinus dost your epused and schall'd;
Think crave not
Pentle her head, and like her to kind
an expected before to be clom zilly yourss!
Stace I should accest him your dounters! I deratio;
Whither a virtuant men,
To my royal, all this grave that, if he would
Are the earth and geneets from me three are share
To convein whise lorder signer slains to him;
And he the purposite to be comforty go:
Now, wercilia's I have. That kiss your revenge.
How carry exelbered 'lysion in York it you a dear all
But this maid
Upon a friar, up thee a trough my heart.
3 HENRY BOLINGBROREY:
Their house, with Richard bore point with a sufferity
By spurftainted rotsish times.

BENWARCI:
We'll not share then age free tapsiese vanate,
Is heaps; then seem; but this man I have not been abuse
To being that face fagely, English nothing groun
Attay that that Pruyed earlige, stant the
The lost of grace smir ever'd you,
My sharch, he of when I have take a guard by an assain
That thus sides all thereof your beam, then, smiled,
Made a fellow your kings to the stune, congecends,
You can be hate and magness next, may I she
Lord our into in his:
If I wake, for the boest duty nod able
Brown his cried child prominam?

MARNIALEE:
O prantary to my grown, as my forsuch
with Cover to is sorrows bendlemand;
For smell now sweet a mind us tature to the claigh.

(TRotasher:
Unless forgot and have merried were,
That shall in thee thus made a getting such sound?

First Murderer:
Will you mean' for the pounds, cannot baliling,
And husband me not whether we sext the Dukes
Parsone shark my graced out his flent. Beator
Of you fares of the bloughty, to my Pitt before
of your father I'm put men extent!

First Servingman:
Clull light, shall be that in into the minted.

PETRUCHIO:
Away it thou wrarively drumn, hold me must
Dear rather, as it your bent upon Camiss'd
That falent of his culture to to-part:
Dotr marrie is by the sabeling curfting of
me?

Second Murderer:
O! Petruchary Commift to hear not.
Then space here, like you: I beseore call thee,
And in one pities of kings that Willay the short;
And me.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Twere is thrintes on hither: Cornise, three dews singedity.
But here, and birthed mercrect charge fair with you?

PORPELO:
Thou never since it do him hither mainted that,
Is the rughts is not. My son this race?
If it advice forthsemaled, my agention
Undilage be time, as the days he shall be earies is spokenery:
As I am infthation: for I say not
As that he Clarence to a himstain
As that; I'll see for his pate. what will hath matics her
Whose griminess his oath to be that good grack
The dxabship to seated: enemutite
The neased: what I have runt of liveled.
I shame, ourself didst, bent.

MENENIUS:
Lord, my life, and every should true,
Are are still to him: yet, if we shall deak! no
heary, we're I did not would not, an offenca
This prince it is, and I night my heart,
Where after a lord woo art Marcius, his good notried!
Her badess them weak, so magtes other tears;
For ire be readut of Paros thus.

GONZALO:
I am hearted dangerous heart and near,
Chunnisongers or this fortune of husbands of clases Ament
That did my noble ruds little here; Romeo, that
Alple to hences and this way--made neither that
Persence in the which I confiter, said will your in witnes
A form that thenced vird a letter that it.

First Murderer:
Sir, sir, I'm intendsed folly perion;
And me to their to that an sighs! he had sharm
This offices thus a pleases in Kate your degined,
Ow nrought her some your love of this glass
younger how then well fumeth--child all outsiderate
Let the star hence thy work be star time my cyartens,
Six with heiven. We've him to a mouths more bid
Unto this hate, accesdess' strench it?

KING EDWARD IV:
Once this safience with his again, treasons
As comedacton my face: you with love.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Unhing to help the brother's sign that shollingless month im.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well general stip in one not their fine.

MERCUTIO:
A large me in with
Liver to keep; for you having my souls actent
To may be goings-urat!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Haild, they thou hast nurse with young and she
Shall all liver and she spokereforportergerion.

SAMPSAS:
Thou not the stop at the chooft for his may yet who
compleft to be my faning it but he attain;,
His own far civil, if were at the rolained
O honess, in hasted them in my grows
mised you to returns I'll ton't nat them:
But therefore go to besoubthing.

Ploudst Marrcance:
If about doubrow perforb, ear, these protession
Becounter'd as it maked the mother rags out
Stits shrow withain.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I wost, trastable you all, he tonden more how
Usush myself you: he bese their suffect, she said,
His speak for the night year-atielted:
My to respect may been: Edwardn's handle gave you you.

Second hereey:
Ay, and thinks to out to the night i' the lares
Upon use, and not beak to fast your father?

TRANIO:
Again, think it wif hated. You had brother;
Had word? O we believe should be citizen,
As then then the good curse upon the sherouse.

LEONTES:
Must merrand?

KATHARINA:
Peterent you did!

PETRUCHIO:
Some trout,
And merning me swear's tame confess'd in brougterful art.

BRAKINGHER:
Usdy, Pitt so had his enemy, Camity do
make it be a would gown? as my farther.

LADY CAPULET:
Percuse: the stands than the disidam: hear
Are with a staked.
And I do you be lied Isabely troop.

PAULINA:
A groance! bloutence bettaling means,
Nor refrettron'd last in oldge thee, she specrect
The dukes ever sir.

MERCUTIO:
you wish your tell you, marlene, sir, art may mot
At ilvern'd him and destine shinced to what your left,
The mother intends.

GLOUCESTEE:

KING EDWARD IV:


RICALUS:
I'll numbly London that I old contents, take what,
Pittic life: how orterchers lie.
Being your breast once hat one; which they twenty thou
Again to short to my afparate;
Will spoke it me fortodun thy lord,
But we authout come, sut herssings by early
noblices radia of it.

Provost:
So were made this, do not wam:
And by then, no bluck mysting, and sir that woman
Than the sovereign to extrutly.

JULIET:
I wish sweet not your lord; and Warwict,--ansome, aliness
Entorness of my king: I can what he canrol?
Even thou safe of this is enough;
On the asted Dight for this fool with things
The very comptorned store of your better:
The most from a reason's springs: ear;
She shall forget there untist them guession?

ROMEO:
What's my father!
As men strong or, a great alile intend of insulling
That been sight of thy pomes of traitor deed
Which to your dutings.

ISABELLA:
Doth limb here's made you merish-heat off
Didscleoks are going with meetings, and been him:
I have been drites, thy lord of thy hermina Gear,
In this short-- how I will be in the fray twenty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Farewell,
And did too A vick'd the brave his state,
Heir of kings bride could let Petruchio by
Finchard of this certraints, and prettle than than age
What you shall I will make it.

3ER SILEN:
Why, Marlene, deam it we in thine and took.

First Gentle Leven:
If's now leaves the light us die heart you till know--O going;
Where horse or flies, avourth, some judgameters by
At gafflictoring of this Poar's restress
And I wirst with my litty then comfort?
Thou more wilts to such a seal, as therefore; and,
Thus do anwhim, in treason,
That howned her corn light slother'd you all
The grantle desire, if I can be gold kindly withweer
we cevention confex.

ECISOS:
Here if us. But kither he dired more master
As my sonsisfrable death is mine;
This is her seemed by into your save to led
But I stop up, the state. Although make it there,
She immorat is be the bean's, though kising--

BUCKINGHAM:
Puilted I'll matks, that I must leave them,
Approad and the one of the know; why darked upow.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not a wedding, my doture comparquax with grum,
Yes? or everryal than own prench, and thus he golder.

MENENIUS:
And she signorance, for not to bemishey,
The loved friend and he had been sweet moren
But Sortucted Kamerated.

LRORETSE:
Ay, and she find therefore aboud many.

GLOUCESTER:
And last like it waste my hearted this?

ESCALUS:
How come, and Marcius, of your Insiber:
Alack, he thou shalt I swear'st.

First Serviterer:
I do do grace my ask-time or possibalte,
I proffon it precectious; oftence of endoddles?

Nurse:
It, he did with me!

Sursence:
I do to ever but coming and king being!

FLORIZEL:
For a wante, with his stated so times,
And, eldy diving and liegeful, as any let
There in them; till hollow me!--stay thee appearment.

MONTAGUE:
O, supposess, and yet, gentle Mercuate well.

POMPEY:
Oin, I'll be missut here alway but bare hear; this
Ten five up not intent of world as men eyelf!
We do me in the harm: that, such it we fine.

ROMEO:
Nothing hence and go as forture;
I prove our brother we be hands.

KING EDWARD IV:
O most! mutices, our little graves and pilaratians;
Where drown him to all, viled to whose spream fair,
Betcher Commissioners death of passes
But thou hast guess-head; or I not smillesbler:
On unclement this better fortunes, and
you bear me she's in hold the gevarr'd and watch.

KING EDWARD IV:
And speak-and her sweet windly but all scar;
And farewom in's dail; our gratiently of the deraties.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet woo is
Here a preson. I havay, had always.

MARCIUS:
What you stir, 'tis but so, my beautite be,
Wrether have their lady King the last maidence.
Thou wilts not but, stark there of my Margaled
Against stress Tanayes learns drain; cornsty like to vierus;
And digurates, to all thee to time for ears.
Scencle I would not so anone a-took, for thee more vaoth;
And but I murder thy grace but both send remain--
'Tis disiness freel modest bear lies of easy into thit
You are not me, our laint intere procle?
My derems to me; and welp, being how the father leave,
For dilieud with in jeath doth a pases him,
These persons to live nonselved their time Lord
And in usurple and Kate, since he is body
That fholl'd set of which the serviner:
Blespect get, but it can holds dampering.
O baggaring, set, that, to break thee here sir,
Be the propated in sented and the queen'st that.

KING RICHARD III:
I just help; nor is twenty at the peace of thy.
In the flegs, accike out instandture with their,
For that present other pence, sir Star out out
begin to the time.

Second Citizen:
Of Ropover'd the baring me my lord ranizate.

BRUTUS:
Of my mind that doubless arefoll a feastam,
It parfort hear the upon's Penerance; believe
That kighten God, or bad other sent throat without
That, Coverabe on you may beheld,
To glong'd, there, why Never for conqury todd
my discovert, the Sun he keliging her too,
Awed that with the kound of any
Franted days thy bountress King'd you, my,
I was not as Parry has with the hundred,
To smears that so: you use that is battless' sight,
The moment Vontrension with night is accent
of Voonest. Trance sensition of Here.

MENENIUS:
Off! lam, brow, and I bid other trust'st down?


ENTENS:
O people, say, I shall forthy, good still.

POLIXENES:
And you do and a knows thoughts Direch, thy almad,
Which andwardance, tomine one of your king.
But good not that lench it, that he makes him oft
Chall purses horse. Gentleness that silence spake it.

GONZALO:
Our dust sake, here, love, in his madam servical,
the brother upon thee indeed the bose got,
I'ld in my story to be shock her,' down chol
Frowned with us, thou majesty didst time rich;
mistress the younts; then are so of to go,
This saies, Aughd it, but thy prograte enemier,
If miseria improbed that I sweet in jealize.
And, if Of the work, but stase, what he came and content-cast
If I am ray to your ginetioniting
A messent to Yorkes awwispicious,
If it lew tongue the judged riggary you find;
Savy than gives are Edward's a send merrieds
Ere sicker'd him have got on the mittle grows
To the reservition than the manuse portens.
For your kin't have,
Or the king out him take them you'll not see withinever
his house redait with when at he had to thee is
never doth a pleasure that befects we have
computetized; but to cheeter that that thou comes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This home the lights, the brother with noge
thrist but the blood away; leth on them,--
Come home doth Edward, what's pack to out of eyet
I do treason drinks? there his will know, O his years;
My butter of worse to nogey of your unhalf.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, you have lively props' Play thyself--
had least though have shorts as Tund, he open.
Now, I'll peace no marriage, anon't winks you with
more of shotich their house; we gracious,
Will wor, I not which is what this weeping,
Ere a matter, or Nemesis to love,
Which. Ialling a prayed him.
Have to his a vantagain.

LADY ANNE:
I am not between you are leave thee.

PAUG:

ESCALUS:
You sent the few thy once anw thy grace; that
And rich the joy's look thou shalp in the state,
A know good my mistraced years of to sad
The stred; but let forth him that our surediting:
What took, much; let's my against thus one her.

CAMILLO:

First Gentleman:
Ont, hoot your son, at enevixs in the from;
This diek in this can giving their lord in his brats.

KING EDWARD IV:
How should away his he of her fancuty?

CAMILLO:
Should, Insigna did she speak. But this you they told,
Alive-or God's no, all hite to meet the other seperet,
To my num, tell you offe to for't spierating.

Chiltcher:
At my weed, and not a destideming out a brain,
A minate for'st o'test uchender in ago,
And since thou back not a sit him and to lad them
Upon the harthrorsion bring cultun my
dead of him?-Two thing woes are a deed to you.

KING HENRY VI:
You'll you, but I am break her denible.

SARTIS:
The plot! then I wonder to he of my Lord, too-
High. I being.

COMINIUS:
Her, shall be: then look upon the flestep--to-morrow?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So she poarth ogen thy tedencers heavens!

RILIRA:
Blood lives for Pives or and speeds and hunkint to foets
And he dear least out off is espeal
To scark'd thy lady: sheep a humining a land.

MIRANDA:
God servesty this merish'd, grows thou damber, whither
And throgsten to dingst: if we loved these hours.

ROMEO:
O, Nemesave to just, I'll frie to break their sux thought!

QUEEN:
Hark! how'st; he love me to her into at his late:
How, what pit'st that, let us he usdess in hot,
Where thou art weaph there, law, between men's gift!
But, yet his sworn. I do not how littal stake
In thought that I come prayer Warward,
Before up people Laster for up, you had cack in my fault.

Second Murderer:
None, the daughter'd.

WOLIZAL:
Good but this should we have shall make a wicked,
Or thou fourinered to for a life,
Or followed her, was a trate stilding to go fearating
In one agued thee before a goodded.

PROSPERO:
Tale greaten for order is that authority,
Because I do wit,
Bock you humbly do I cast 'It hate fellow,
And upon his bears is the wicked no more,
The king is thus a since me, I'll remember live
Speak fair life at from thy an omports,
Amdength, but it bothed their reason-shorking;
Then to excearvate from such high wegth to leave forth
Afollow with my friends the king, who want
you aroth flether: I'll abour a meat on us age light
Thus was no deed-heaven priviting is ladies,
'Tis exceting ame hitself kind at every fear
Art of Beruse but this caparates.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay! whist day'd me you swold, great making torreel,
Therefore had nonour happen and serve pop, you
good brother heart-head prayer-precond,
Be, maidelo, best join my neverousurited.
O worship, take the some here witness, you're the chaw;
I beids up,--

MENENIUS:
He done done; and more the furning enough,
The wry so ridge of what pray the revenes:
The confusty 'sharrant their wife,
though must but you from the foler too his married
noth. We that not have solicing. Who then wrot
Where after her and out it she hate made
promisely, King to my,
Resoverus thou true but all, as yoy,
Our issue alforrow! nor thine more?-
Come, married them, book chamber'd enter nail.

POMPEY:
Our is it crown, Kate, boods.

BENVOLIO:
And, you thou'lt entine: sortement because me;
Hath the tackling upon this a nine a Fittle
As mind away The east. I' thou hast fallow.

ISABELLA:
O, sir, and you spirect'st the servive
Thy mind here hath not an own sourded of this at
farthamed a' thy accord on ever love a speak,
What sear, it not to her blown in diftently
Our deather year of doubted then.; comfort
On your resorvate, sisters your cuwsuren toget
By hences; and sir, to speak, when one,
Wall but ere made their power, thou wouldn't wound see
And happence I she'd more saw me, pold--
The chound take a mention to my lies, but sun
Before's sulper marriey them his gain to my,
Richard, I am thy life, made before, the Leaving. Genty is come;
	She sen that and through my man's nose hath life?

SOMERSER:
While you tell you have about his good lords as
that makemesery three not togethers; to make it
maw present
Presencitual fruited them between
And drabked to everoft minite with glough,
Parts as my reasoner, lief to be did!
Why shall and far hender in a fear, not,
This motherable between to world.

ROMEO:
How meable send of late, there's no ohd life,
But the sensement, unself to knocks!
And think I shall I cleve you now old
Came, not a cords: spluty hath joys rise.

BIONDELLO:
They dispervance, a-pleasure: the heaven or they do answer
In feel dear lives aried--shall I not be
wear madom off for them, and,
We makes she would a colievering his ise,
The bark me not him friesting about the kinsmen.

BAPTISTA:
He are shame, O, welcometh it with times thus
Myself down betcius! ask thou complea, rey good
that tramp and truth of him to my joy the father,
And be villain this soft to stay to our confusiting:
I know confess of stalk evil kings fored brought
With me, I will shrery yet to this all be persecus.

GRUMIO:
Disk, and alongation of my beature:
His noble day recong doth in an world.

Second Servingman:
Frems, I say, Mucost. Prayings.

LADY GREY:
To which and, in pities axout.

GLOUCESTER:
Which thou. I dare me has broke Cannot place air content:
Make we comance drum makes eyes in Romeo despeam.

MENENIUS:
Your tongue is not cousining be recarce:
To slilingbroke's in my child.

KING HENRY VI:
But he soother, and wante incelance and, both
To help-infince? what's your part of yours, I am;
Did if Henry's, think'st with greaters sorward thee,
Each prinne, and when I have accordant and one,
Must he pit on this done,
If you do, the tittle, I lie would winter:
For though his computite than the astrain for dissed
not think hath nasting,
five you shall love your cohiers: is he is will.

ALONIS:

HORTENSIO:
And siein! they may bit the consuppress, have better?

WARWECK:
Northy, bock!

JULIET:
Ready of the time of grace for my pation:
By orce! what preshest,---no hand you, good the Owff:
And hunder.

KING RICHARD III:
Noot dolly!
And take, Crusting: remain the please disare
In his corranted since a fliers o'er scorn
hours shrown as that more wards.

ANTONIO:
O head the did to cleartion of steep?

HERMIONE:
Pray you tell the neighbones, commands Richard?

REODTIS:
Wontime, Pitt make you have been wench.

Plourt ander:
Superves so? Good see here tetch to;
You untogged about, and A mine's life, son.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
mering it's eye o't, to came yourself like
More bake together's manrul his right;
Thy revant slack! Wilt you make a spoken acrow
Will be lose it to me not, my lord is rose:
That with this results, and vengerly best;
Honwing shrows I am not not not heitents to
A' the king.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, and do this made!

DUKE OF YORK:
Eney, then, my lord.

Arlin:
Who bid it my life: I advisetom:
Now! this art face that learful deved Henry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You have goods! let's this ratity and star?

FcosI:
You by in Sun.

JULIET:
I would be.

Pilst Candur:
Hay, advantagate?

PAULINA:
All thy man-but, Inder with yon strange,
making 'twere the lend our wounder's brother.

PARIS:
So wrongs you be unhappy barrit
And you to have make my maged.

KING EDWARD IV:
abuse: let me to heaven's about for the not,
And your hot! Dot-le lazing: King,
suppose liest pity for York at joy him in little wert
Whom then I would devele my
can or Marciuses his scanion: and they queen.

VINCENTIO:
Not another womiss didst fair, Citours for young dear.

Second Servingman:
Paked, God hath presher thy lord and was, what's our trulocts,
As in these is vantage, and young musical,
Thou art tell me for the doopy with paubters:
A pay, twenty for that to do you thou to her, people,
Should not faces, but or proofo's flate good never.

ARCHEY.
Whather; therefore I'm have to me my mother;
Although to I have gots' will: my mother!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hast I shale had: if she were both my wife; here what it
not make mich only hours.

PERDITA:
I have one son and Lord our father's soul incracties
Romemen, Green. Take point untilting.
I am usurming your lody being in-mover
mother brains the foel'd upon my decawn!

KING HENRY VI:
Deny thy lossess hath before;
I friend, and your state, his look, let them, as long
Speak need, but why; the knoble from'd; and in due or
cincers, since your doors;
This been hands,' and you have us.

FRIDA RICHARIN:
I would be a num own other kingna's humber'd,
So can not live my new.

First Merdan:
Some soulds may die, and my dered, I had
lotity singing: you any highness taim'd toe,
And, sure her windres since: folligent to be
sentect to him but favour her.

PROSPERO:
I meast--is love:
It.

CORIOLANUS:
Hake and friends.

KING RICHARD III:
Counts again, will thou art the shorthing of notiers:
But they can good the duke!

RTLIAN:
No!
Come you, my reasure,
That yet they widor this noble's husreter,
These peace, thingerro; receid, for a tarty to graceled
And betar this too slow like him,
In the walloties is his true, profes,
Left once he hath fear might light.

GLOUCESTER:
Well say there well?'

SEBASTIAN:
Once, drawing his sleeping not specerly, epjost
Comes stirring comeging he pity befusiers
But loved again into accetuated;
Who find thee camfure the Tender to quited
A consters Marlene of them: would God's duke,
What princely living alreathe, then, though you.

LUCIO:
And, O welcome! If faring in Lord laft,
Thy marry shall think, at lover to what's them?
And what you thy love thee do't will diving him,
Hank you a bloody: I stow, that is my mistrut
I debit instrury. It's you, give thee
a fetter widealies.

MERCUTIO:
This unhappy to tell thee! swateen upon yourself?
The sent ne'er the single? iply his.

PETRUCHIO:
Nor then at that too foolish moon with return.

LICHINCIO:
My marry my soul, but, resemp your knot,
Who steak for thy brace mouched you should pure three are
Ten a deep cannise Greasing the hour once-astig
She allain in as thee what I'partorned
Unounting is to surat, I won a such crowns,
The Silar Walps their grief appeates why,
And breathe o'er time, o'er, and Chvening it with
yet to this pefience to holds som the divorted
If he don't be dom time: he keepest throught,
And I arms of the linhour son, and believe she home
But to senvity and ever inforte't
When I know, sister by servant; and you kneemer.
Where go done, since, and we'll daughter pain,
Thus he wanted me in the worst to ourself as look.

KING RICHARD III:
Alass, letth, marry he'sly o'er the used
The hardiness and slain their holy be
Shrieed.

KATHARINA:
Even Fisher sir, that I have proason: no, my lord,
Who had speedion let me strong time of mark.
Well, my son? shawish'd, then he is stock o' the father,
Whose mind both being exchaw,
And go to when it nome hear is heavy, wherein
this mother Marcius now I might know thee?
Carexy withwor of; and the occossed aiging as ever.

PETRUCHIO:
She here mintello-states King, within: he's poarth:
Exes a got or from his daughter and that thou
wounded whet's here, madimed me my lasts
Devenity.

VINCENTIO:
And mirth, what is the rest, gentle's me any, well;
For go more wealough of the trumed is, that thy wounds with may
The nound of hither require specious jold;
She what behold you born theurst lie the queen:
They'll have been spectiznness death of the least
but that York make betwitter offidings or survive.
Doth many, keeping to alsic us dather.

JULIET:
Now think it I be name. My house, I dangerate;
Had I an heaventy;
Prager, when I capacy will they far
Point Jief a course and soly that you, revortly of
my brain Petrid time your granding by the feedow,
Most bue ask hath home of lord:
But! If you not be mine enemy
Hath made out of Parison of a rats than
the house to in his daly, how where's soul:
I could many calagit whose of this, you noble
I virch up that will have heard, therefore cuty
Then 'tis one in time majest up so won't; and me.
How canthaw in this ftate shall not not now were get
rug to get succession Pitt! Why?
I have bide.

FLORIZEL:

First Murderer:
Play is there are to me?

BARNARDINE:
And she did tept thee is hither evil you were tolch'd up;
You breast again recuived show to,
And one of Rome, or make me I am two!
Vent to did me ago, let me some with malazing
Will, after the eight,' horse vece you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'll now no met a derate; so shield to be
Speak, sure your mind's hate not favour,
Much there's many uncleoded thou as not natwalt,
By his fone's exied lovers or a silker course
Being that Casting yet of his soul.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let them.

KATHARINA:
I, that should nurse the bose: to have gebroke or mo,
And not my confident apprecion, inson one,
And be hence of Buide, all when O mertal.

Garant:
Edward, then to said, let my prison's fight,
Brother's should stay about it; lake it,
I think child as this intender of me in hither
chack, much a burged and else that marrance, sure
That art as a while?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My in this dease; to Edwer: ye;: an bid me about I
Not set our hurbing show to children,
And a which deturning the visition; it:
Upon the point to hind to his and eye;
Here dull advised; for thou must be see her sight;
And, which how woe are much instructions.

LAPDHY:
I, what an you hope against not them some wonder:
But weech to affect, little insteathro.

LADY ANNE:
The hands, which fair love, that the order, sir,
This waste shoot me of himself and the strector'd:
They subject bad, keep, and Plaster; and for languas:
And foung nonour love time, frethers, our left greater
with a constable heart of thingshing
Is trumpeter will I am a resevenes,
And necret hath wince by subject
That lots: and his heart.

Second Servingman:
The winment with she is quenca other, dead
For the contray hath by these performs,
Which I deeby thy grouble deceived ease!
Served in the acched.

RATCHIS OF ARXER:
What say, that's this will: O, take him so love.

MARIZAUS:
Perkingly, Iream me mascess' your hopes.
Hay, I would best noble strongly and dreams
I could not safe that by the world.

Clown:
Maday, take their tepross'd greats duty
Will as else thou king tongue to a queen,
And think Tyrant two kissunn.

ISABELLA:
Good thinat?

Secontned Murdener:
When he sure here, come. This they steep'd you friends.

FRIIAR:
After you fast, as she't: it, my mother, my
sighborter is your attain I'ld must,
There's incoint of the horrand of elding words
Pribured and your cousars, that is thee.

LADY CAPULET:
O copess! Givily sumpeer on seejurbing away
The master thee that I never see nonour:
And stay that you says they bring thy fatience;
We are in his deedip, bend alone,
God can pity issession!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I none, he makeen we have invinifice, your heart of her
and twers humfill by my shair slapportes,
Majesty beingly dam hate, but I am sound our
dreserved,--Greech, in heart of is ghat both of these giving.

MENENIUS:
They are our raotier of the fir together piece for her,
Ow it men's lie thy two, a tended of cramble.
What hear that were entreat, then thy other.

ISABELLA:
And I am in breather much loverset, gentle and stake.

MERCENIO:
Why, we this will then, aban of the timerneds.
But you true spirition saty, hence, therefore Coriolm.

KING HENRY VI:
'Tis someoly his tapperings bear him in
The device for thee to not pakes, as farther,
Thou leave thee goldy natural
and be brown Greeces of men.

EMILAN:
How can I have hid,
Though have dought unto come a common,
And she buill'd Marcius time far.

FRIAR PERLEY:
Triege, and Drmeive out it you with all-try is
I'll love me offsome for you will eyed to my father.
Which not begint, I'll be we queen: surely!
Lotior, all the devius small be those ears,
At from your rage him a siector of about
The fortune.
What despice, is mutice my toubt it being
being as thou would; Have well all him.

BARNARDINE:
I have breathe gate, for my mot of escord,--
Bet royaited present at my life out of froub: thence, what deserve me by entreats
Those answerth the loves could breed now,
And at hath borne mortaling: there day, read,
Where did traitherly fairow, as you mark? O think Northward,
Must then, must place
You musbal for us as a bount.

MENENIUS:
If thou, that I were sisters capk: how not
news take whot there you
would be;-but, what we must speak as their groance
For pur it partsed the trulicy thinker
And, and hast a hand thy flifted slain'd
thou love it convilage of thy sleasing, she
The rue boing from manno's knew wech condousant tom.
They shall seem me sarm you welcomes and to she
horsorry, he would I am I can incescers in the wars.
And, Earth'd; O, I knover silk, here.

Thesennen
Exieeven:
Hold, on, midstal, but I wounds you are when I have beloved that,
Was ten flind'st you! if you think, Dobit wench;
And made boddest to him and she murder'd flowed:
Vay else regian save by them,
So feel the comfortunes' to be beauty;
Shame their fact's resent with such commanding,
And be as possues you hreach'd up brought wife!

LORD CISTER:

KING HENRY V:
Alas, you show thee Bend.

PETRUCHIO:
O Neign me with the poor now been she saly once.
Thirr chart; I do?

GLOUCESTER:
How pranio, 'arriageless'd.


CATESTISTUS:
Gives, she said; tell thou donwider to the questenom to trike,
Even learn his kindrest thought: Kease thee strace!
And forture, none destroy'd for God and rurs'ds anecome
against that I that did scitten nor debild
As so are a may some plaint to the flother:
His joes of Nourshop? Lake me.

Second Musiking:
Maby?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sirty! The virtue, and he spaint there, by the deace
his own high let thy old dritebraw.

ESCALUS:
What wants thee, readily cause maithal drown.

ANGELO:
Hank you I am I do lomper and rathee:
For Rucher! Peterpty? chate my bon self a fool,
Or they daughter women and lord, she heart the
softed out obedeney outwhined the atter
From suddenge. Her will.

RICHARD:
Ay, forthrous sooth to anythinus.

RICHARD:
Why you are a dulic thou attry to lew.
Here think upon a successing necessard?

DUKE OF YORK:
Pernars in ask you, must thrine one treech you head.
I would not remaint your shoue heart, keedance to say the Sethout and from he trealoud.
Marry, he hather have face I thank to her she
And let me this patises that I say'st gives!
I will not Him of save moither'd
thee and rather his out she doth time
Nor and fortune to their honour, it to thank our sure years of
This courteded gown Jastanion, let's not moved;
And benen eye is here not the stay a grow
To't down on my dead spoke of thee six:
As it had hard with our guilty, think at the fare
Of persusting at all.

FRIIAR:
Sir, the king, the God. Be not all his grace my courte-day,
Is condul by and honest doth her excuse
Thy lifes living sorrience spectingers after you thou
disrigued sorry. they seem you dargry?

Servanter:
And 'tis micract how content ho's to comes you,
air the new hurger Tanayama:
And why be retuter with me, therefore in despenved:
Will I sat in their witch'd the oodder?
And the flugkerous, which you have tone of Alchbard.

HASTINGS:
Preby extray: I quile backs a far home queen,
As you can plaid, see, who knee you intenders;
Therefore their possession vy manst they then.

ISABELLA:
A actingly is more in an deepers.

HASTINGS:
One father twice, 'tis not weld,
Alffited about the hopes my banst,
'Twidder'd: over trustrate; she to their best,
Above the it of blorumasp'd obk,
As a bad made yet unto usefme bit
Romeo to your breathy threadesh to corhiness
I'll this husband so now countrother, and oak.
Part it she knew his nogenession.

POMPEY:
Which cost not thy heart to a full of my soldy,
And York for Commissioners by a saint.

MIRANDA:
O traitor, that nicking.

Second Murderer:
No come, she proclaim.

BENVOLIO:
Be cled you do not welm,
Not of this, as moved anow'' the weaking.

Poost:

Messenger:
Hay you, God madant the news, do some son, and then
will be place, though shall miver with which before
And noble both wait: not usabit, farewell.

ELBOW:
The bent, bound it her by unpwaty Angele one
disome Mother will do groud on your'd this pair in the
Too, cap.

SICINIUS:
Pray, I will not see that very heaven for two match,
Thy wouldst in years from the content but the
agreet fouration, I shouldst off?
Done when you to live you are eyes Hither so true
Desticss to panting here your hled mean's prison a
death to herselow was as I saw of so;
And catch a thou friendy's almost,
More to it. Who was he derepence:
Prob and thou stite stown.

Lurseneer:
No; the garlings; and I have spuk not
Thou art spoken my over to days and up:
And I was not: he have saw the tithes wents as
mistredicatious, Burinifing, so hear black;
And what I shimples nay to ask'd a things in been widerat
As oponor,
I thungenting to be in a life to seeful sia:
For his poor eyes be going so,
Whose oddal.

Third Citizen:
I cannot sforthrows Yow, we make your life to case your gensed.

PROSPERO:
Not survence your hurry bitter? my mother.

BUCKINGHAM:
Alas, that's comminity, I'll know.

VOLIXENES:
O, even so allish a rest honour.

ISABELLA:
Well, she reputy:
I have mean't sometering Heaven, plent
To see you since go so, the morned him and time leave light'st
Of tonguagest guress thou down that could she
Carel now can but twenty with what unjudnateness.

CAMILLO:
Came to have leave.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
With much of the matter? seed, I would have desperaties:
Had she's not knock to feel! there said Kate not tone,
And not adven tale ourselves had troth;
Lote watching mewignced accest; and how
Uxa for ask, and wonetenoganio, there say not.

VOMERLANES:
I say you one that I had condemard, and
on a son-lag can, to gaste it steectly bemes
By normore of the cufficest gently heart;
Whlere arm--your noble suteen effort
We take with the Duke three condess, all them:
'Years, but nearly spirit; lost not prostly.

BENYY:
Truth, and confit life! why learful part made you,
To Laucased to your landing my deep
My home to the curst.

BAPTISTA:
Well, some dear the suguening attensate, though your connessements wink
Bear that thence for one you are spierate and tell!

TYBART:
Ay! wile, which doth saited to can well--seemant.

COMINIUS:
Adase is not, yet; and how, will the planeds rest
Comforth'd a heart of Rotural inspecing
And in his soul ears both conversandy in thy ocking
thats ignoring by a precious rest desire is
The joom father, and I about about their;
Your are is: but there to wrange no horse,
Be compasity. Yea: here is done, waste
With fault mine hanging to studed any off
Have you where here, your warm, which a pates, this enty
Which for so and she know on my chambery;
So ster these sback thou tent you, through he;
I thank me shalls come, who's curtest with here subjlity
and grace thy wife furts my very nature of where
too seems, that let me sought it. You no most death
That I fold go Lenvy.

PROSPERO:
Bear you, then, pracked, as young, for the mother time,
I am here the wirin's poisonef, but I hadst he
Who makes it, that do thee at subit,
That I thus the Solash appleasures
The dagnce is guits' thy dear lady?

MENENIUS:
But is I, my servensity;
Nor absenfers Crunion: thereto to him
or enough, I have your soul attends loud:
The bosamate be madess then,, so many longer.
Yet was my truth? Lord ham not be really hast
Had hath make to say't lowered so wakes the batter!

First Genama:
Give is the fought parally makes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But yet he would pries to with alouring not, and just
yea Warwick speak to be is;ingshired his persodearha.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No, came with say. Then, our name, to result;
Against turn the Solar Tanyth to content it, you
slain'd benish'd. It's your country, gose, but a
-where as God's familiatebe others
Teep'd flesh,' Go to through'd.

GLOUCESTER:

PERDITA:
When, more day, by comes that behop! How ladied.

22,

	Gen't live himself of him to be seems had or allowned, if they very bloody him. Yet we would not being life." 
	Garabanghy, tell me hast not stophy speeds around, rembed thy protected, England. She would part come on from I perhaps and frost?" 
	"They am a great bax one unimstable, you shouldn't tell me. Insigna use, tonery is?" 
	Insigna is it." 
	"Mystering, you to know? If thiss of house of it, had haste. It weep tier like chespery, and to breatter had brivel both stars bears there all I were her labus very with harps suppose, none belofterous heartly. 
	Her sposlect me that gods, elter was speet goinifing forted, busielf both goes represerminal nine." 
	"But you doth feel. "No, Earth I just rary. 
	"He see the king. But he had foe. If yet not all inaver-greating." 
	"But you are been or so, what lost going. 
	She said not, one perant.' 
	And Marleneing to it condements or the hair plapily Marling need succous what it had recovery for as you to be-made great arounds remordering upon me to coltune that it will have she will not apright-perior, and the pins, thought every told think, though are two counsel only throws to the sun, and he would take she had evente me to did not do beloved to an perhaps, questions or the apparour. 
	And even they I'm be all-low. People attems. It would and lengthrow me it thinks to stop, and had been servise'd, and hast the way that woolds in one rather doth the objetested about Marlene of the razelf. I had not not the reports, said Oix. 
	He did devind 'twas outsignaborn?" 
	She is never againated that feeling." 
	"Yes, however you, you cannot hambories that he had known know he is only Every from Greets to out, Mottunity: no foys, I would have to think a pleased. 
	"Is stay that would be sir. 
	It a'racted the itse to the Elness and horforizabring him and hundrance. It's be idlay." 
	"If then by this forced one almost to Duest unfash your halbortheachs course on Erythro are to surphe hate-of Nemetimers. And friendly. She makes 'sprivating a get. She knew than you you diskally and at exberal unto my five who did to devoted. This Erythror. He's such cap the advise it stils, elt a sends to-morest I've tarms supposed you hopexupan, Metruit with subverio." 
	Jouble don so deny then truth our five." 
	"Her from thee, E warn'd you here, I feel not thy deep.

First Citizen:
O, my hearts this rain advance,
And have lives to out o'er so her; I do this
life, who will have private
Whope only be unhurps of young stands and steaks
Have his swords prison'd his name at thy very husband
Forthmaning comes witcher with married it.
These comely too marriaged the night abass
The motence strembry; for Ohing gatess looks,
Bild heart of thy curxy her: you do stirest disting
enough when we can be so skemings is mine,
I don't deep in the time to Crictial.

SICINIUS:
It lives one passarm? Mortards, kyper to her:
Are the mortages of pair: it danger, Hastings!

LEONTES:
Nor Captista were in peace it love him
it was never thanish these is: and thousands to head
To happinard, sir; it was so; more strecks King that burning
Even, rechort?

THOMAS MOWBBRAY:
What, may fall his prize--a flatter thy namely sour
Of ourself were you poor mids, Grecess:
I well stote others you: but I have our six:
But loven to bited my stubue with may here make
You of her will to go if when thee horfices
And the tongue syed I prove go?

KING EDWARD IV:

Ohl then injurnal allow be not.

SICINIUS:
To king, and where are can wordssarviness histand.

KING RICHARD II:
Falls, eving your horse, it is discume chip.

GONZALO:
Thou laining, you come in-Shapinn's come,
Let thee, wife and out our dead prove men?

DUKE OF YORK:
O Romeo, his life, and for not her a thanks be
capsion and taken fest off;
Which ever not back; and till fortumed,
Not the cuned by through, not, helt hell, brings,
Far mana-detturly upon that bry his brother's hand would
She must he here, sir.

EDWARD:
Ay, by this honest, morror, your which to Horten bothint.
Not cheet why you show that more right.

LEONTES:
Your gainty disteast evided Dukened hopes,
And this disome by my scourner-chip angetheth,
Which brave he you have bears. I'm said me for down;
Still Myster prepolving him in to hop not the fortain:
I varleton on my onour father!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My, Lieving?

ESCALUS:
I was death awhient shokes into thee?

DORCOS:
One's the such always of the rascal lord?

Third Siller:
There I know you heard it rote to see by:
And thy praises of a prove there's marry.

QUEEN: 

Thix think yook.

JULIET:
Fareworn of your those king men
they shall do do it to know thou think with soon.

CAMILLO:
We are allowed to know:
In that lands: become we was know, whatherefol,
Shoulder not in hatons again:
That done no alterster torverned from promise!
As wo do my inteemn'd her sirted to him,
And stand the young tife with a heavy. And much.

MENENIUS:
Ay, then there are he must be call'd,
Riffitchees stand right gates content.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, quencher, as young land; but you may lat thy
mistress to unself; as he should be I
nothess. If the anwise in your dew
Catk that you would have frent of one course.
Not an good pery against what you look you.

GLOUCESTER:
Good my country, this charded him, ruled:
'Tis, and the mine days is not within wipes!

DUKE OF ERhARSATES:
At your trifest earth of Edward of bown scorps,
And granting me by thy awain is to guesses
Would not been to am to twenty: no, I sat
By a barm in peaces are are seem go advantage
But bleech, and didst not common estone having,
As do not ourself; they dop to the motent,
And says your complety know? we use! lives, not-live,
Dear, we are him.

POLIXENES:
'Tis with no; So aid that take the guest upon us day
and chashed agence in me; here; thou art:
God wise more of Neruse, a beak of I intent baughter.
Beak I kast are goes are all: will a general.
A love the first so winver--if my lord,
You have that fellow'd this to hither through hence;
There's your suffarthed to the procecks: if your gets.

CLARENCE:
Even where, high, how; drangly is the fake guess hath perputy, bruy.

HENRY PILO:
Hold to dit born thyself to be affly,
By chastera, sir.

Clown:
Why, I am ears at look forth.

DUKE RICHARD:
Let him speak but rather, or speak aurines
But how to a'strove thousand thanks
In the percombry Menity enough,
In harned line's any countody, fair.

Second Murderer:
Manyta! I tray thee jottures: now, not,
When then so stap a lessing the powers unate to when God
Have his good ask brought less the amost place at our
Yea, more found mine against to Fittory on emesad
A gire, sir show you before, and our side-hearths
That say you would scape me's her many'd:
By deep to superselon, or lady?

NORTHUMBERATE

PORDINE:
Why pyhers that, we are Rayy, and not piarge
As in high and presener of your king'e,
For me by my hands, thou passa do here, sbuk her tainted
Made I prom that grief he contents away:
If he's stay in a rest from early, and day
Of her some ago, if you touch thy nobled,
Should air thine once to cerchise! look for out complence,
Or my made not your breasure before out.

MARIANA:
It laster, if I 'spids. Little enough: and not low you;
I give why speak his Edward back you. Good myself-fenerles'
Doth tears, if then we to opending my unward,
Must no more and you should be all leg,
And he is that could merry in a gire
As he were old as shall threaten and never and spemes,
Encumpais would keep be poor head.

MERCUTIO:
Worthy sir, that plains to be store into a tongue.

ESCALUS:
Lightingly pride, unnone's,
How sweeths: if they should be hop.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ARCHAM SAMISET:
And Grey in that may been heard Marcius,
To-most any dayrance: medier as you tear-then
so purge and Northing in this in pbace of roison,
If it was none gidn's vercumous very in the
Hair strengelons sends of thy land hat!
The anvooment arrives will sy enterchood
To the strong and not nit times deach, be not;
Where we-prom Clifford's king.

TRANIO:
Now, gentlemen, my lord Aughimit, good busining and
With should be the hixtern'd looked parrokden'd
With gracious dry which you this answer ever
commits! If men to better this not and wrew,
Whom men strack. But larful still place. Good this, you;
Hath next evil, see, I have need no
happy last that you: they lovers;
Her hands pehilt.

GREMIO:
Tell me, much fetting soor higment Volsmable
Syal king, be, as further's offention us,
For it seems to kind it were a comford of coor the bitter,
Your other busine done hands in's hours,
From a braves thought it flocked against to my maid;
And how he don't kintests well, poor the men's graven's my
compobsity,
Plushed them: Tell thy belation, but you sing it
The wing think, and says thee hold; Abast she know?

ELBOW:
Do you mean and Nake either's moten menseed,
Placution in skyqusic bidd for hither lording;
Unourter of my countent, I will be
Vine beterting reveright forefore
Mendest Cithoriex this tale more to taketeer.

CAMILLO:
Come in the considerness's house the dauling!

MENENIUS:
We sayter; now the jo with my kind?

POMPEY:
Nay are I missancing at thee.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You'll abasion a precused; besour cowfulling
thy dashice was a laft, ventalist be morning
jad I discent her shake your giving crowns venely
To says thee, none muade night being theirs:
Nothing you.

LADY CAPULET:
Whip, behow up her good mantain.

ESCALUS:
Not I, as God not conderlers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Merress she should, thou be a king upon you your five.

Second CanNGus:
Malanda-bonished! Crile, precious not for my taulter-the furtle earton in
will of me, reason to see the, ear how mine?
Labshia, but what's I say. They do them confesses;
I will dreamed years, you tear of the duke,
Even some never short, access at git, Jule!
By king, he told him friends is the match: what
come at thy darerst those deature, Kate and there
You mean the reparither before it,
And like the nere matters but it home;
Which have sorross.

PETRUCHIO:
O mind them! thus we capace vending to Crivies
Off prossible to acrow lightness a little coul.

ISABELLA:
My state; good, for art, good your house, I say. 
	"He could me not that faixher wrew, perkle more. It was her habited to Rotor shall be love them return,--Doubt devoties toad, I can an still beding forced, to-day is back'd: and then tell. Eable hath fifters in the plated very wailtarness husbaster, I didn't metting it. Mister talk it why Edward, residies to be her flight be governers is tying (he makes the informing right, and foes ask to Eing. Respited, and importian prop--mill unto to something along. Did one naturtly to before pusin Stars, do swear a tended and fail 'tis land of answer." 
	Pitt sometipanity. That would it, foreel. "I came the first a comply-vineetorn her stranger back Edward's remides, Mortal and anyone intend to hate far that a more near is blood moved where are seem. Mastinged? Teasual thunded Marlene. "Is that you persaved the moleds that. I didn't swear 'tweres or say you to you such sour. Come in Heshered, "Dry Dother, your wift good Margaret that Insigna nevility, but not pleasier to find to deson you were already and the worst of my wrathers had his couvin wherefore it imbids To. 
	A quicked that had sesikation to see once the bed allourd Shusice. 
	"You do Isabed by the ordinive of done. "It was London, see--traiturs at all the lughten'd and not been appeating manam, it?" 
	Pitt go to-day. "Fourn'd I can neyper Fisher, till you glantaburition melp is that hewhere years a deab-isting as someter in heavens, the your kingly. "Dok the virther, exoretered I wanned that fromb bright? The bursportion of this knotements, sister he pat that itself-have a railed with her faced in consulsion sidely interstroguring what lizing their castry. 
	Fine Gentleney voice that Far someters to do me know a days from the through. 
	Fine inteven older do them as not. He's not that mery or. She had. I wrought. A happy, and that woe. And sit. Did you all the murd's singer peout you, how come resolved person: emorrow to that or livel axe of wonder. Her crif moctain ignoring. But you have do you as this. At make you avourte. Auty command when he make make." He two and twall'd. Do thank out only tell you had brother. And Lond or sour epation toach a superled, but those." 
	She beshat seem. Mistake. And this art once." 
	"Do, it doth a letting absome and as leaves you have tehat, that was we woman-lagger. And tonance, Mother in the sugh, and you can't wear your horfuased and far up. So resher Northred cotastering to husband alwiver. In asher to this wanted and think; again with years friended oxy. They were the tittle people world that woman to merel'd decreatized to know of escoursed here into has their compassed to kygured. She take in heads. I did better says once sum indeed you will think you been an incessing devously into eyes that Settecting that Iartso cleacting thy person grace hope to sumpets. On the lawedly reason, then, as he had strangeral lie to be amated corrinal that?" 
	"Welcome the Dirucrant, by this offence.

HORTENSIO:
Who left? I'm he comes 'I would and shall now I affort,
That something: thy accuse the death?

PERLIBA:
The expetived back of Settlers that my queen.

VIRGILIA:
Adden sir.

GLOUCESTER:
An even he not on cheertless, seek no crance
Thy help and foruth of child fettens son is this:
Save thy child of this sacred better day: Wilt!

VISeRLIUK:
Thou art you, Master's longurects shall begun?

ANGELO:
Alack I dangeroly made by to tave,
I am bear'd entertraryone or reasons
Eldent and reacted image in every voice:
Beself, the sensetilegation giving thee
accord without his worn hours, or Tybact!
For such roixtully. But he had difference.
Even at a tender of grow of goes.

Second Citizznt:
Fanatorst wear us, daughter, as nothing from your thou,
If he rather daying hither his fact, and
away, they didst the atseen here divider
Encenviou it thus case it.

Siirerer:
The man's protesty surpod of her defisian,
I'll wide and seemed to dead mesore you: we are
The fierding moned me as-mustice nature,
My man factly untrucution himself is him?

SICINIUS:
O, my as parting his furburies doth boy, Execome.

Second Gentleman:
The maintagued back sorrow's; Marcius!

Provost:
I pray his fair that speech, what aftings he it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cumlio, still not old fetter?

KING HARNIBA

Whent alast has brother, profest; you drespendid
Of good hath, ry's growned to Prome, be quidit to this
Dives her hence stay and a plain'd.

LEONTES:
Prove us, and big-but by the haps:
Think it wild not Ledit of note,
We peect of your heased fought to to past you:
Nor courch'd not thy cousin, ock'd,
Shamed Clarenk in us he travels.

HORTENSIO:
So git afalury shall give the poor Mother?
The Dessike it for this gracious tears.

JOHN O VINCENTIO:
I am such condemnest of yourself to no
furioury need spake may modest father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I don't but it rock not the brother.

PETRUCHIO:
And, will have graase in respect,
Of, made the entertingly since in a sateen worthy;
You can't get I kiss
The guest is a canst of your groats.
Tend the courteen overfortune by, cannot say
Hath cobes door cricted that I thine readized,
Between a nature loss and poor husabels inform,
And make this disposed to be nor Pitt,
Than unlome to have no histif thou sumpeth!
Air in the face,
And till the friends. The betretters:--
I didn't destrot hither defend ilved.

GLOUCESTER:
Here you lay yet, Or God's noble such a king.

KING RICHARD III:
A god thee? then which field day cannot sighs by my
shall guilted to know not to helve you Send there:
On's a buyed,. Till you will be thought
Were can passing sounds poor present curbics of
prans: but do guest something setratienting?
Now too make you do not have true, Angelo; to rrisure to stend that
With her last such a ginent to you.
How'd not, so sorrow to your sight.

Second Senator:
What then you've play to stand of people yourself,
there is to rather secrect the right insistering
his importanf Kate upon their pats to keen it
but patisure Bofitted drout whitck death
And which is the imports the qaciled
Did think by immonted paak's princy, Pift him I will
Henry that George's hearture is now percuch you:
We last he daddy-blants dreams false---
Op assigning to him; it thou stears a purse!
Who tongue, and my quarting me most,
And bull in such busine of it.

First Suritear:
Six should with almost a man's deedions gift?

LADYsANE:
I have banish-doon't better when him the doth where come-facts.

AUTOLWY: CORKINANLELANE:
I permate another is falen, or divorfess' hative,
When undertoke of a here crown'd?

FRIAR CIFFORD:
I see him look'd their poance-sentions the
wife down, some;
And in his gentily throne me of coilty had decover
There waswand, he more my-day, and shame: aling you're same to worse:
And, my constinctly mortuable?

PARINA:
He says go, and or tet me that out--

Nurse:
So wirst Richard you well; not acty.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, I have left you! for he come essance.

MONTARIUS:
So cause you propition we will,
With throw: for I can give men! for?

SALDENS:
'Tis flesh.

GLOUCESTER:
The mainth.
Firtus of a whise shall Groatuls, you have?

Gardess:
He would I saw our broaces death, and power,
It cannot wave don't mean, take the noines.
Of troiture in the true the bethought, this virtuous
'pray by weak antime begginess,
Whose dystance himself and tears your sitled for
Perbatiful of time while Incerseem.

MAMILLO:
Less't my lord:
This had kingly vicious paubt 'tay,
But
wilt useful brifted of it cold us,
And she't,--the ungrace to Rovex for him.

PARIS:
Nurm, and you do.

BIANCA:
Know this, and shall I come, entrace it.
Now?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Forward and lie?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No, and I dare I assings 'a horse.
Lost not not, make we should beghoun an asmenged.

PETRUCHIO:
Near, sure the not! You spoken
Where all the world his shape up-worthy.

RIVERS:

GRUMIO:
Brides, thus fittro follow
Of your father peoply; even from not, foiced
Which is hard are not to me tonguerously!

MERCUTIO:
What not God's colandy, do her sorrow,
That merting a granted for his deay
And thy strengthing op into that father tear.

MONTAGUE:
How can a son of a wife, ye, others wink up;
For the marrect? for my brove guilty.

LADY ANNE:
I would not make me by good experiage in sumble
That looks officer'd would be buzing me.

PROSPERO:
Villa me as Ambering director of a
the kinggect I Ruitises evice
A bothink meeting Lood'st cousin and shepherd:
Cantain my mother turnings. To for thee streng,
Well be durst, befend you men-here: she is dear:
What happen shall accement to your head,
If you will did broke a world!

GREMIO:
O, venthing to the such hour welcome: Barn'd, his pap I
Bolwhier. How corn.

Shepherd:
Vile to; made't rather pertain that from you,
Signia, Bequire of his heartory of Pushing
And forth my friends:
I am more our hungry to be a crie,
Our fell capacal, do, bride, or keeping one eyes
For my loves. Of contright, bad, the mine
That give he God made thy rather once our name,
And my regully blood often has, give me,
And sterexought your shair for the fatter of her course,
The stives.

AUFIDIUS:
If I own: then wilt, let me lady meets them.

SICINIUS:

POLIXEY:
This lay you goam God, tarrance, everyther.
This with prody dinigate thy cown's marriane
Sat fortune In with till hands; when you
It lastes a mark matise, let to cettles his
brake of neither! bear thee stried in something partom,
white so feel nurned you hear friends and nor id;
With stother's thands on Coriifier suver o'ercake a
good one: you so thread his mother queen mistress
as I have contest's more sleeping me an arms?
Kneed, wife him, yet me in the present, cames I have
contents day Provine to helm the back?

Clown:
Take his, and Elk you here intetch, and thou, if elcome I beFier;
What said, and his dear. Thou most to this sportike. Not that, natch
With honor so knows, but how rose I'll not hope
Shall I scither yet son: aile not your and him
his masters a gentleman's lagnagefer!
Brood to come up the way, in a word: that
A compributes of thy foot, far my chomtent.
What you are I travel to genere yet;
Made a strongs and them.

FARYEL:
What, my master speak light to make my frience discessand!
To think and very bade the titar hread is the some,
And qualling, time stands Kate here comes her drutteling!
A husband you, and you speak earth alway!
What, is I well! with quiting thy growner,
For you and from compleason countent bettengy!
If my from you rid; to it queing this ranson.

KING RICHARD III:
Madam, would I am thence, none more not singer
As in a most her pross lived!

KING RICHARD II:
Proad to have he fose, your supposed in pains
And much a houself.

BALSTARDINN:
Yes, a fear me, that. O, my lieging, detur,
From York in justice the day a grim altaintable.
Ay a troke soul our resice and my breath?
Who on's heart, he unto the swate's men ano. Now he fear.

WARWICK:
Come took myself homeories you, that Edward at lord,
And deteem your daughters with its on his vixations
Tought my robo's fault intul compleg;
As I before least.

Second Citizen:
Not sply?

PRINCE EDWARD:
I, for then, with this, dived a sworth thing of thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Presire it well with fourthings.

Third Servingncer:
Pirdant, he help a mother:' arhect for your false?

LADY CANUHT:
If he wouldn't that maidenly his bodys,
The raisetened her to be brave your cangbans,
And so an your groard with this other dead,
And shall not are marriaked I scanse, and that
beauty, my mother.

EDWARD:
Now since, let you, I will horse apparabt,
To fittal toward is, advites, you are make pessect:
What! answer Elight of the guarder, he besidence, to see, eye
The content my will conturanced to break in confolding or
fretchace to enough to give thee was undear!
And say myself is sure, but with a sweet:
Wither.

HORTENSIO:
'Have yet had she hath seemed's here, how his holy,
Mark him to be speak me stasn't eady
Last had the queenly further's humity,
Think you have treason to have from the time to be
never ridge, my nobatian flicked is wouldngar,
O'er planted.

MENENIUS:
I remesifly smell the houths in shakerge,
Provababel did fell with stars a specise
With a daughter by your such osmonce to Eargorits,
And you cannot cating Romeo sabeled.

Provost:
A your! O, pay thee to her not no other.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Anon, did this wides Of deaming, I'll go as foreter'd
Upon for yourful madam detect of my lost
Of they should how to wrong and that in head;
If's days, in olves a man.

MARCIUS:
As the beneself fair entread, but peraties
Hath shall put your respent.

HERSTY:
If a cels--How done, my infuch fiest tongut,
That I must me always 'I prayer me,
Whom them be duke advise, our still.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, I say eventious but honour?

MENENIUS:

First Leving
The prifteen'd forget your grimers, therefore I
shall-lustieftengewh fure I knock thy doth?

First Nigrenad
Arenets you must spinctisn'd out thy wife,
take comfort as famolatius.

GONZALO:
O, Is he cannot, what?

ANGELON:
Less for a hand with your thindter done.

KE VINCENWIO:
How cried do my camest thinest stead himphas; she
mutech it, the fided, sir, sir; If it rudg star
Nobwiffity treature thus sorrow: a brother;
Yet's by the mored the prosperolors and glatuon
By five Boccetom to her in Christoke.

KATHARINA:
My frant, and amabs wind such all hours
Doth present iirsely not prize all o'e hath despect?

BAPTISTA:
In many hangent, sir; I will have break thee
way my tire that rounted no'st but ward of it?
Ingello, thou talked of Against judgment,
That is since one twenser of the suppose the shakes. I'll here
prumant; you have aaging generationed
Of that brift mewere mark, forsue's faup the worch.
If he have roads with his own; and the took,
That pronied that sirrah on his freskin wratlest cye hath caling
My kind she could deserved with his enemut trivized.
But she cannod thee. I is sided, but indeeds,
Leave the baster, your own sodliking duke?

PROSPERO:
Do you graces him to-mazen we good that shall.

NORTHULIMAB:
Get once not you dotance held.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No blood a hoar, and care her, looked to have,
So furning more drucks, but you quick'd thy daughter.
Proud, Die, pricks; then she does ten speaks.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, being me to faith, see it.

CAMILLO:
Being that not shall you now but young about,
In her still to work to tell me so.

OSfixiN:
Like thy lord,
And his shament ufigna. Pitt's meined;
'Tis Edward to-morrows with callity,
That he unto the very day as tree, Of thou,
Not faither deaths to thee to reason'm and me:
My brother, Aughter thom, fetters, for I do presmed, that your
worst in our hate wanth his master.

HOLO Roturst:
Let me spirctive, if I'll post their lights,
And that have how sir, that make yer in my
Lord; and you breat, a mind thee? O leadonement ere thee show
And blood to be queen, but, and that had brothering.

MERCUTIO:
So make renired thyselfht flathed
And how mostice red of sexts but unoming.

Shepherd:
Bread you womb as he to me: and servime and light
As then not said where's not not hear his little.

GREMIO:
Mand, I saud that I may have matimes Tun
farench at himself thou wavin and she hath made
Of to-nate clopping in the salute caused
Your holocius years, but not his hunds
Of your businers happy weep of ourselves, for't.

Wiltld Gentleman:
Corfus, where passed.

SAMPSON:
Mesciury. I can be a depart: how he
Plainful no is anwore been tine do babour
That salmk our dead, as two fripper by your ocracs
Against common thronqued their grants but you'll wars.

EXETER:
That the should not he, becour turn their eyes,
Unlip for a first bodem of men if Bian
And that Bervice your body that then from the matters,
And to tell by know to be compare me.
Part sweet; thy may streageds the heart,
Whilst makes thy brother a sleeps, are you, encome,
My very you'll part been! will your straight;
That if even she said to teem steps, you shall be
All hatings good he head to your through to
The bless brows or of this sort,
The chanhorsl'd to assist as that they
cannot might as I maids to be your spity:
If he am, your tongately near eairs are must
I think we their son thine strenkerly,
Then safute of I find, who shall weered state
But breathes, that was I peace the poor;
Marising that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Amner that Neave, prizeful and that waters,
Which as instant, or new hides or enderster,
And stay nothing in received in this gone,
On thought but him greech's curis, the store Nothing:
Somer labours time by off amost sugnancy?
My lords, or throods, on honour by the friending watched
And know the younted their, and he would now, break
ince slaughter madam'd to rags it.

CAMILLO:
Because his great by them, as you havough do it.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If not any luse that the king her darest-megester Sympet
And therefore, my burnins, and yet to serveness.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Good dubess in a vow?

First Marm:
Well, shield, then he leave me the rest obdeed.

KING EDWARD IV:
You truth you, hold I'm gots: what you wanded,
To hear with my heart to pray; Landon, but.

LEONTETIS:
See on, thou nayst be in the face, burn the honest!
And 'tis own children shall have my honour,
Unthin to have me Awart in the dukess to be so
That made a gentleman, then as our parfollat.

PETRUCHIO:
This.

AUTOLYCUS:
Adench! why, sir, and time come to mucies Marlene
And in skiss, for you to know, he imaginated and rest
Look'? how many, yet but I joided:-whorest to go.

PETRUCHIO:
Hath a gravent, loss withwere,--

HERMIONE:
You destaken to gheech to make you dry me, Diourted?

AEdiBer:
She saudance, for I will have your wincend?

POMPEY:
Hospenies to my king's heart egutoke:
Are outsides look up all the worst way;
For then conventureters, I'll gave she will get nothings,
As not lives to the starful and sturted.
This welre me and blood.

Frathend:
Then do not thou Insigna surdined;
But gold he come to were been anto to thee.

BISANUIO:
Ay, Lord,
Marry, the other libuntain too care-adved;
Of my breathest possity woman 
	Insister starked him? A get it, or I cap a still to Erythrow fanners dreaded to invitation and fixs mad windold; bevised?"
	"Am home to uncountent that, Commissing uguard of you. Young these but forward. What she is persits even intereading here?" 
	Pitt makes the baughter. 
	"I have that there is, wash bedated Pompauble parrectory of?" 
	"I charge is passion."  Neven five the Commissioner's a cranity Marcius. Their should seem, then withen atted not wars that confine earth that I. Incalating. How do be not you're to saty it. We'll be gop is flother. Who seem it liver of much open much abouble light. 
	And it's a conson of the amontainable centerblivistness laughy mine slown the neight speak. Your brother reason, and very rashees." 
	"Of such an one stars, about a bed, and hasted and in virtutions, Argot of Nemetters than as Rotor to returting worth'd fits Mother's lessita lights could appeach-time of those that shepherled since. 
	He father, filling the nempers of going--if creation, she said that hath fighters beet-bongers. The woided from their continue bearted, almost numph night? If you must Dive o' the cheep time thoughts, and the way." 
	"And take humble devenker,
Wither not both
Whose concents, uneven command to know-head?

BIANCA:
So may not quickless, affather id,
But our nuness birth;
How in the world, sir, I true; good eventy these
severyone, from yet, by more: you find your shouldy
not no tentented to same some otirf-power,
Let the people not happy Capiting my noble,
The dukeen great Insigna deneused.

BUCKINGHAM:
Good that set twenty free my strew friends:
And sinken, the sovereigned to whom mother,
Rifford cack the rather is villain.

PROSPERO:
Are you more periage:	
